VOLUME LXXXYI-XO. 20.
BOERS' CAMPAIGN AGAINST
BRITONS PLANNED.
JOUBERT MAY INVADE CAPE COLONY.
Cape Town, With Table Bay and Table Mountain.
LON, June 10.— The St. James
■ noon claims to
an absolutely
at Pretoria, capi
■ ;' the Transvaal, the plan
-:i whicli will be followed by
r-in-ehief
•■ between
■ Britain. Gen
ems will con
] with Mauser
: Idition '• : >rt y-six quick
- puns and 1000 artillerymen, most
the & rman and
mies.
• ese troops and help expected
1 ■ nge Free State, Joubert
ta ■ the i (Tensive immedl
-1 ration i f war, en
the Orange Free State and I
Ing i Kin berly, th-' diamond
enter in West Griqualand, !
• • s«v!it y clivis- i
ilony. Kimberly is
hundred miles northwest of
In his march on Kirn- '
111 use the railroad as
jcpecting to capture
'vn with slight loss and blow up
diamond mine. Simul
THINK THEY HAVE
THE MONTANA KID
Scouts Bring in Three
Captives.
Sp-K-ia.l PlFpatch to The r a i!.
•TT LAKE, June 19.— A special to
fribune from Fort Yellowston<
S out Morrison and three sol
from Troop H, from here, together
■v. ith t!i" posse that went from Garlner
Ly, brought in the three men
■ . of the Union Pacific train
: ry, who were captured last Sun
■ Rivei-side. These men give their
Phillips, Roberts and Mar
tin. Roberts answers fairly well the
n of the man who killed Sher-
Jff Hazen and who is thought to he
rious "Montana Kid," with
I i account for.
Very little resistance was mad" to the
capture, l>ut from their actions a vlg
watch was necessary to prevent
pe. A significant fact is that after
the first approach of the scouts, ih"
■ ts held m< conversation with each
. and it was obvious that there
■was a preconcerted plan to thin effect.
ides the saddle horses, the sn^n had
pack horses, and their equipment
■was evidently bought ;it the same lime
place. Phillips gave the story for
th»> three and claims that they are
ranchmen from Harrison, Mont., but
. Ive no satisfactorj reason f<>r b>>-
J^.p found in th>- Yellowstone Park.
If these men are nol the ones wanted
for the train robbery, which will be ■!■
ned in a very short time, it is the
Judgment of the soldiers in charge that
have been in some other mischief
ntly. An examination of their
VIRGIN GOLD IN CHUNKS IN
YUKON BASIN.
WONDERFUL FIND ON DAHL RIVER
VB. C, June 19.— The steamer Tees, the second of the treasure steamers from the
north, brings news of a wonderfully rich strike on the hills at the back of the Dahl River, in
the Koyokuk district. If the reports brought to Dawson by passengers up the river from
Circle City and Forty Mile be true chunks of virgin gold, some two and some more inches square,
have been found. A mad rush is on to the scene of the finds— the maddest, it is said, in the his
tory of the Yukon.
The find was made, according to the reports which reached Dawson on the river steamer
Victorian, about six weeks ago. Miners who reached the Klondike capital by that steamer say
that the big rind was made by the purest chance. Two prospectors. A. Creighton and an old
German, were pitching camp while roaming through the hills, and when digging a hole for the
tent pole they turned up a flat piece of gold about one and one-half by two inches. A further
search revealed more chunks of virgin gold, and before darkness had' fallen the two fortunate
miners had a big sack.
They told no one of their find and hurried to Circle City to record it. After recording
their properties the old German let some friends then at Circle City in on it. They told others
and soon a small stampede began.
More finds of virgin gold were made. The news was then spread broadcast and the trail
■ as soon black with miners struggling on as fast as they could go to the gold-laden hills. Late
arrivals from Dawson say it is the maddest stampede that has as yet occurred in the northland.
The San Francisco Call.
GENERAL P. J. JAUBERT.
the Commander-in-C hief
of the Boer Forces.
pack discloses r>o evidence for 01
against them, and time enough has not
ed to establish or disprove tii>
alibi they offer.
AUGUSTIN DALY LAID
TO HIS FINAL REST
Large Gathering Mourns at the Bier
of the departed Theatrical
Manager.
NEW YORK. June -The funeral of
Augustin Daly was held from St. Pat
rick's Cathedral to-day. The cathedra!
was crowded, and even the aisles were
filled. The pallbearers brought the coffin
to the head of the aisle, where it was put
into place and covered with lilies. The
pallbearers were Joseph Jefferson, Theo
dore Moss, Richard Dorney. George Clark,
ex-Justice Roger A. Pryor. Richard M.
Henry, William Winter, St. Clair McEl
way, Joseph Howard Jr.. James Sullivan
George A. Robinson, John D. Crimmons
Nelson Goodwin Green, Dr. Oliver L.
Jones and John R. Schoffel.
Rehind the pallbearers sat a delegation
from the Actors' Fund, intimate friends,
members of the Daly companies and rep
resentatives of many clubs and organiza
tions to which he belonged.
Mass was celebrated and the absolution
was pronounced by Archbishop Corrigan.
The funeral sermon was delivered by
Father Lavelle",' rector of the cathedral
who •■<,< for his text, "Let us praise men
of renown " t*".\
■ were many beautiful floral offer
ings, amonp: the larpest being those from
Mr. Daly's companies in this city and the ;
Leicest< r-square Theater in Tendon. The
• ■ was In Calvary Cemetery.
Paymaster Sullivan's Luck.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— 1t dcyelop<vl
to-day that J..lm Clyde Sullivan, who was
nted by the President a paymaster
in the navy, has been placed, in accord
ance with the terms of the act restoring
him !■• service, at the f""' of the list of
paymasters, holding the relative rank of
lieutenant commander. By this action be
has been place,) \,,. jg nn the list of pav
mast.-rs. Although he ha<l hee n out of
the service for <iver five years as tli.
result of his dismissal on diaries of em
bezzlement, etc., he has lost but seven
numl- rs.
SA]S FRANCISCO. TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 1899.
taneously, it is added, the railroad from
Cape Town to Buluwayo will be de
stroyed by Boor sympathizers, and
apents in Cape Colony will destroy the
Port Elizabeth-Pretoria line south of
Bloemfontein t<> prevent British troops
from using it.
Finally, immediately after Kimberly
is captured, General Joubert will ad
vance '>n Cape Town, the capital of
("apt- Colony, throuph the western
provinces, whore the Dutch predom
inate and are expected to join the
Boers. Joubert calculates that he will
be master of Cape Town a fortnight
after the declaration of war and that
he will then be able to dictate terms
of peace.
HEAVY GUNS TO DEFEND
THE DIAMOND FIELDS
LONDON", June 20.— The Cape Town
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
["he Government has forwarded a bat
:ery of heavy guns to Kimberly for the
lefense of the diamond fields. There
is great activity in the Cape imperial
command and munitions of war are be
ns: sent northward in larere quantities.
MEN CAN'T WORK
WITHOUT PERMITS
Mine Managers Must
Obey the Rule.
Special rMspatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, June 19.— A Dep
uty Sheriff went to Mullan to-day to
notify the Independence and Hunter
mines to cease working: men without
Permits from th<* State authorities. The
Independence complied with the order.
but the Hunter declined. I'nleps work
(eases tomorrow the Sheriff states that
the mine will he put under guard and
th>- superintendent imprisoned.
T'pon the opening of court this morn
ing the defense moved to rjuash the
citation to Sheriff Young on account of
irregularities in its issuance. The
State was taken by surprise and asked
time to investigate, so the matter was
continued until 3 p. m. The defense
gave notice that the same objection
would he offered in the cases against
the County Commissioners.
This afternoon counsel for the State
confessed a motion to quash the cita
tion in Sheriff Young's case. The de
fense then made a similar motion In
the case against the Commissioners
with the pa me result. Application was
then made for a new citation.
Judge Stewart urged counsel to ex
pedite matters as much as posaihle, the
court having heen in session ten days
with no result except to decide that
martial law existed, and counsel f,>r
defense partially promised to waive the
statutory notice and take up the Com
missioners' case to-morrow.
SURROUNDED
B Y THOUSANDS
OF THE ENEMY
Major Bubb's Battalion Is
Attacked by a Horde of
Insurgents.
TREACHEROUS AMICOS
Force of American Troops Suffers
a Heavy Loss and Barely Es-
capes Annihilation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. June 20, 8 a. m.— The
first absolutely authenticated in
stances of the mutilation of Am
erican soldiers by Filipinos oc
curred yesterday. Two privates
of the Fourth Infantry, who
were wounded during the recon
noissance toward Perez das
Marinas, were left temporarily
on the roadside owing to a lack
of transportation facilities. Later
when men went to bring them in
it was found they were dead.
Their right ears had been cut
off by the natives. The throat
7)f one was cut and the face of
the other slashed with a knife.
MANILA, June 20. — Sur
rounded by thousands of
the enemy, six miles from
reinforcements and with a thou
sand more insurgents moving
rapidly down on their left to.
make their annihilation com
plete, the First Battalion of the
fourth Infantry. .Major Bubb
commanding, in all 300 Ameri
cans, fought their way hack from
Perez das Marinas, three miles
toward their military base at
Imus, where the rest of the
Fourth came to their support.
Reports were received that
F'erez das Marinas had l>een da
serted by the insurgents. The
Alcalde of the place came to
Imus and formally surrendered
his tow.n.
The houses along the roadside
were filled with amigos, and the
battalion advanced confidently j
until within three-fourths of a
mile of Perez das Marinas, when
they discovered the enemy. Par
alleling the road at long distance
on both sides and practically sur-j
rounding the little force, the na
tives began firing from houses in
the rear, and natives in white
clothes were captured with guns
in hand.
The whole scheme was to wipe
out the small body of American
troops, and it might have suc
ceeded but for the marvelous
courage of the troops and offi
cers.
The fight began at noon and silenced
the enemy's fire in ono hour.
The Americana on retiring discov
ered th;it they were surrounded. The
skirmish linos crowded tho Filipinos
and drove the insurgents back toward
Imus, while the outflankors were on tho
right and lr-ft.
T'ndor the flanking fire ihe rear guard
whs desperately holding tho enemy's
rushes in check. An incessant and
galling fire was poured upon the main
road, and the men were falling every
where. The ambulance was filled, and
carts were pressed into service, loaded
with the wounded, and dragged by
hand by prisoners. Two of our dead
were left behind.
At 3 o'clock it looked as if nothing
could save the battalion. At 4 o'clock
they had pressed the enemy off. and
on the right they were at last behind
them.
Fifteen minutes later Hazzard, the
aid of General Wheaton. pushed
through alone wtth the news that
Wheaton was coming to the relief.
The men with a choer wildly went for
the Filipinos. Then General Wheaton
found a force of the enemy a thousand
strong moving to intercept the bat
talion along the road where it runs at
right angles. Ho opened with a shrap
nel fire and mowed down the insur
gents. He then cleared out the left
and advanced rapidly.
At 4:30 he had the enemy in full front
and gained a mile and a half of lost
ground.
The regiment bivouacked at last in
the rice fields, and food and ammuni
tion were rushed forward to them.
The day's fighting developed the most
determined and best-planned resistance
yet made by the Filipinos.
General Wheaton makes the follow
ing signed statement:
"I am glad to say that in to-day's
reconnoissance of the Fourth Infantry,
who held back two thousand insurgents
for three hours, the troops acted gal
lantly and with the courage and cool
ness of veterans.
"Major Bubb, commanding 1 , and
every officer on the field should receive
congratulations for their heroism and
the manner in which they handled
Continued on Second Pace.
OTIS TO BLAME FOR THE
AMERICAN REVERSES.
MORE TROOPS NEEDED AT ONCE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, June 19.— With professedly friendly
natives attacking General Wheaton's troops from the rear, and with Aguinaldo's forces taking the ag
gressive instead of the defensive against the forces of General Mac Arthur and General Lawton, as
shown by dispatches during the past few days, the military situation in the Philippines has assumed an
aspeci. which seems to make a call for more troops imperative. Yet, while advices from the Philippines em
phasize the almost universal demand in this country for an immediate call for a provisional army. General
Otis remains silent on the subject. Upon him is fixed the responsibility for the delay in taking advantage of
the provision of the law contemplating the creation of a provisional army of 35.000 men for use in case of
an emergency such as now exists. The President stands ready and willing, according to all authorities here,
to promptly comply with any request General Otis may make for additional troops. Not only has General Otis
been told this, but in the last dispatch sent him on the subject, the suggestion was thrown out, I am told,
that he ought to have more troops. In answer to this his reply was the same as before — that only 30,000
trocps were necessary and desirable.
In the face of this, the President, before he left Washington, declared in the presence of his Cabinet
that as long as General Otis was in command in the Philippines his judgment as to the needs of the situation
must be paramount to recommendations from other sources. Whether he has changed his views on this point
in the light of recent developments in the Philippines, and of the general demand from the Governors of States
for an immediate increase in the military forces in the archipelago, as shown by the careful canvass of the situ
ation made by the Herald-Call, has not yet appeared.
"In the absence of the President," said Adjutant General Corbln to me to-day, "there is no compe
tent authority here to say whether or not an additional number of volunteers will be called for. All we can
properly say is that steps have been taken to give General Otis all the troops he has asked for, and that th 9
slightest intimation from him that he needs more than those already in the Philippines and those ordered to
go there, will receive prompt attention from this end of the line. There will be no trouble about organizing the
provisional army. It can be organized and under way to the Philippines within less than sixty days. Whether
it be needed I am not prepared to say. General Otis must be the judge of the situation."
The authorities are naturally very much pleased over California's promise of assistance, made in the
telegram received to-day from Senators Perkins and White, but it is stated that the offer will probably not
be accepted in the form in which it is made, even if more volunteers are called out. It is not the intention to
call for State troops under the existing organization, nor will a proclamation be issued calling up the Gov
ernors of States to furnish volunteers. The Secretary of War will simply be instructed by the President to
organize a certain number of additional regiments and call for recruits, who will be enlisted" at the various re
cruiting rendezvous, just as men are now enlisted for the regular army.
WASHINGTON. Junf 19.— The fol
lowing telegram was received
at the War Department to
day:
SAX FRANCISCO, CaL, June 19.— Finn.
n. C. Corbln, Adjutant General, Washing- '
ton: Southern California supports admin
istration in its efforts to suppress the
Philippine insurrection and tenders tho>
President for immediate service a well
organized and thoroughly disciplined r<-p
--iment of infantry. Officers and men re itly
to embark as soon as necessary field
equipment can he furnishd.
GEORGE C. PERKINS,
ViMied States Senator.
STEPHEN M. WHITE.
In response to this the following tele
gram was pent to Senator Perkins at \
San Francisco to-day:
Hon. George C. Perkins: Your telegram
offering a regiment received and forward
ed to the President and Secretary of War.
Ir has not as yet been determined to call
volunteer regiments into service for the
Philippines. Your telegram will have full I
consideration should It be decided to raise
additional troops. General Otis is mas
ter "t the situation, and his requisition
for ni'Mi .-Did material will be met with
pTOrftVrnesSf. He will determine from firn^
t<"i t fine the number ftf men required to
meet the demands of the situation.
H. < '. CORBIN, Adjutant General.
The following cablegram has been re- '
reived from General Otis:
MANILA. June 10.— Adjutant General,
Washington: All volunteer organizations
here desire to be mustered out in San i
Francisco. OTTS.
The cable message of General <>tis
was in response to a specific inquiry
of the War Department based upon its j
declared policy of having each volun
teer organization elect whether it i
should be mustered out at San Fran- j
cipco or its home station. It appears
from General Otis' message that the
volunteer organizations prefer to dis- ;
band at San Francisco, in accordance
with the original arrangements of the
War Department. A model camp has
WALDECK-ROUSSEAU FAILS
TO FORM A CABINET.
POINCARE MAY RESUME THE TASK
PARTS, June 20. — It was annnunred
this afternoon that Senator Wal
deck-Rousseau had declined the
task of forming a new Cabinet.
This morning: the effort he was known
to be making looked most promising.
| The Senator had informed President
Loubet that he hoped to complete the
list by to-night, and the newspapers
; were so certain that a forecast of the
i probable construction of the new Cabi
i net was given, as follows:
M. Waldeck-Rousseau, Premier and
Minister of War.
Senator Monls, Minister of Justice.
M. de la Nessena, Minister of Marine.
M. del Casse, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs.
M. Camille Krantz, Minister of Pub
lic "Works.
M. Cailleaux, Minister of Finance.
M. de L«ombre, Minister of Commerce.
M. Lrf>ygues, Minister of Public In
struction.
M. Guillaine, Minister of the Colonies.
M. Lepine, Minister of the Interior.
The failure of M. Waldeck-Rousseau
is duo, it is said, to the refusal of
Camille Krantz to accept the portfolio
of Public Works, which he considered
inferior to the portfolio of War, held
by him in the retiring Cabinet. But
for this the Waldeck-Rousseau slate
was complete.
MM. Poincare and Guillaine made
their acceptance of office dependent
upon the inclusion of M. Krantz. The
latter, besides refusing the portfolio of
Public Works, pressed his disapproval
of certain measures which M. Waldeck-
Rousseau proposed to take against the
generals and colonels who recently in
spired a newspaper propaganda in fa
vor of the army.
After formal conferences to-morrow
it is expected that M. Loubet will again
summon M. Poincare.
The failure of M. Waldeck-Rousseau
makes the situation exceedingly diffi
cult. Both M. Casimir-Perier and Gen
eral Bruguiere declined to enter the
Cabinet. It is (julte uncertain whom M.
been established at San Franfiseo and
provided with every facility for the
comfort and convenience of the return
ing soldiers. It has been deemed ad
visable, from a sanitary standpoint, to
keep each organization in the camp at
least two or three weeks before permit
ting the men to go to their homes and
scatter through the country.
THE SEVENTH REGIMENT
ANXIOUS FOR BATTLE
Ex-Senator White Believes the War
in the Philippines Should
Be Ended.
SAN DIEGO, June 19. — Captain R. V.
Dodge of Company H, Seventh Regi
ment. N. G. C, of this city, the senior
captain of the regiment, states in an
interview to-day that the regiment of
i volunteers tendered to the Government
for service at Manila by Senators Per
kins and White is undoubtedly the
Seventh California. ITe has known for
some time that the m;it'»r of ton-ierinr
its service to th» Government had been
agitated in the regiment and this
morning he received a letter from a
high official of the regiment stating
that the tender was to be made.
Captain Dodge declares that if their
services are accepted the Seventh will
go to the Philippines almost to a man.
LOS ANGELES, June 19.— The spe
cial tender of the Seventh Regiment,
National Guard, to President McKinley
for active service in the Philippine cam
paign has. whether the regiment goes
or not, awakened much enthusiasm in
military circle?. Officers of the regi
mental staff are desirous of going and
members of Companies A, C and F of
Los Angeles exhibit no desire to thwart
their efforts. Colonel Berry for weeks
has been at work upon the matter, the
joint telegram of United States Sen
M PIERRE WALDECK-ROUSSEAU.
Loubet will now summon. Possibly he ! ohanpl. President of the Chamber
may call ui>oa M. Sarrien or Paul Dcs- I Deputies.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
atnr Perkins and ex-Senator White to
General Corbin being the result of his
efforts. Former Senator White to-day
expressed a desire to do all in his power
to have the regiment mustered into the
service of the United States for work
in Luzon or anywhere else in the Phil
ippines if the officers and men in the
regiment really desire to so abroad.
•'Some time ago," said Senator White,
"Colonel Berry said to me that he
would like to effect a reorganization of
the old Seventh Regiment, as nearly
all of the men in the regiment, officers
and privates, desired to re-enlist for
Bervice in the Philippines, ami that he
was about to till vacancies as they
might occur. Colonel Berry requested
that Senator Perkins and myself
should make a contingent tender of the
regiment to the War Department. This
was done, as I understand, and Ad
jutant General 11. C. Corbin notified me
to-day that he had received by wire an
offer of the Sevenths services to tlv?
Government, which offer would be duly
considered.
"General Corbin. in his telegram, in
form? nir I nerai Elwell 3.
Otis is entire master of the situation
and that General Otis' desires in refer
ence to now tmops will be pmniptly
complied with. The sum and substance
of the situation at present is, in my
opinion, that, nothing is, 10 be done in
the direction of additional forces for
the Philippines until General Otis so
elects.
"Personally, while T have n<=>v*»r
taken and do not now take the smallest
particle of stock in the Philippine ex
pansion, I believe, nevertheless, that it
is the duty of th^ Government to for
ward to Manila large forces if we are
to keep up the present fighting at all
and it appears to be settled that th»
contest is to go on. A small force will
not only brine about casualties to our
selves, but will also tend to prolong the
struggle, to the disadvantage of all
concerned. It appears to me incon
sistent with the policy of the adminis
tration to continue the present unsatis
factory condition of affairs."2
SLAYS HIS CABIN
MATE AT DAWSON
Crime of Arthur Cod
dard of Seattle.
JAMES PRATER HIS VICTIM
.—♦—
TTURDERER BELIEVED TO 3E
INSANE.
Offers No Explanation Other Than
That His Companion Hp.d
Proved Himself to Be
a Traitor.
Spfcixl Dlspnt.-h to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. June -News
whs brought by miners -who arrived on
the Tees of a murder committed at
Dawsnn on May 31. Arthur Goddard of
Seattle killed James P. Prater, a com
positor on the Klondike Nugget, and
formerly of Juneau. Prater's throat
was cut with a razor, and his head was
hacked with an ox.
The murderer and his victim lived to
gether in a cabin. Early on th ■ morn
ins of May 31 George Hill, a mutual
friend, went into the cabin and found
Prater lying: In a pool of blood. rod
dard, who had remained there after i
killing his companion, was sitting with
his head resting on his hands. When
Hill come in he looked up and saidj
"Jimmy's throat is cut; 1 want you
to take care of the case."
Hill hurriedly took i; the situation
and notified Police Captain Harper.
The officers found Prater curled up in
his bunk unconscious and breathing
heavily. He died soon afterward,
Goddard stood near the bedside. When
.•isked why he committed the crime he i
.-imply said:
"I don't know."
"What did you strike Prater with?"
asked Captain Harper.
"A hatchet," Goddard answered, me
chanically.
The implement, bloodstained and
mute evidence of the truth of the as- i
sassin's words, was found in the room.
as was the- razor, Goddard telling
where he had secreted both. The mur
derer was then lodged in jail. Further
than his claim thai Prater had shown
himself to be a traitor, he would give !
no explanation of why he had taken j
his friend's life.
Prater was a native of England. 32
years of as?e and a printer by trade.
From New York he went to Alaska,
where he found work as a printer on
th( Juneau Searchlight. He had been
at Dawson about a year.
God lard is about 21 years old. He
went to tho Klondike in company with
Prater and Hill. It is generally be
lieved it 1 1. iv. son that the murderer
was insane.
WILL OF TIMOTHY
GUY PHELPS FILED
Half of the Estate Left to the Widow
of the Deceased
Capitalist.
REDWOOD 'MTV. June 19. -The will of
11 Timothy Guy Ph.-ips was filed in the
■ : • 'o-diy., for probati .
Bed by Chai les A.
f '• Sa :
The •■ ■ . - • •■ . ■
• leved that it will
■ ■ • | ■ - pi ty co
08. a mini- |
R Iwood City I
unimproved lota and blocks in San Fran-:
' ' - k" iwr as the Liberty
rty In Nevada
perty Is Va
• pointed exe
nds. The w Idow Is left
- • ■ inder
■ i two
ig .day and Fran
ces T.. Witter: the !,. ,-, ceased
■• lexander I>< an Phelps and
Mark Gab • f two de eased
■ h Bentley .•:■■! I 1 trmelia
-
FOR ATTEMPTING TO
KILL KING HUMBERT
rhe Trial of Four Alleged Anarchists
Will Commence in the Assize
Court at Rome.
ii
■ -
1;i ' I Che trial commences
In the < 'ourt of Assiz
Fn derick Gudini, Ernest
and Cherubino Trenta, .-ill
J'll'-t 1 Bts, who nrr> charged on
n of being concerned
m irder King
Humbert with driving to
* h r• r ''• Acciarito
first denied he had any a< ompltces but
fina ' ''■ King the full story of the
In a I. tter of sixt.-on pages He
makes the chief criminal Trenta who was
Llisi newspaper
Mi Gudini -. ■ ' Qu
driiik a liter of
3 half
■. ■' ■ wounded
Electric Plant Burned.
PIJACERVILLE. June I&.— The electric
power plant of the Gopher Boulder Min
ing Company at the Junction of Rock
Creek and the American River, eight
miles from this city, was destroyed by
fire this morning; The plant was one of
110 horsepower; and was used for the
transmission of power for the operation
of the f.npner and th* Boulder quartz
mines near Kelsey. It was installed about
twelve years 50 and was the first plant
erected tor the transmission of electricity
fc ' r » '°, n distance in the State. Loss
about $15,1 no insurance
The Fourth at Auburn.
,~i< ... r..v. June !.'. -Annum is prepar
ing for a mam] pth of July cele
bration. 11.".. Elw 1 Bruner of Sacra
mento has been selected for orator anc 1
Attorney L. L. Chamberlain of this city
rr ' r i : ' the day. l&lta Eleanor
Meredith will read the Declaration of In
dependence. The usual festivities of the
day will conclude with an open-air bnil
on a platform that will accommodate 250
les.
Sues for a Divorce.
SAN RAFAEL, June 19.-Mrs. Dora
Buchanan baa brought Buit for divorce
from Robert O. Buchanan on the grounds
of desertion and failure to provide-. Buch
anan was formerly engineer on the North
Pacific Coast Railroad and came into no
toriety lately by committing a forgery in
San Francisco. He f!-d v< avoid aVr.-si
CALIFORNIA TROOPS
BEING COLLECTED
\\ ASHI.\(. TOW, June 19. -General Otis cabled the War Department to
day as follows:
MANILA, June 19.— Adjutant General. Washington: The Sherman ar
rived this morning. Casualty— Edwin L. Oavett. Company I. Sixth Infantry.
Colonel Kellogg and twelve men were left at Honolulu sick. Seven oases of
typhoid fever en route. The Sixth Infantry lf.-ives for Hollo to relieve the
Californiana at Negroe. The transport Indiana, with 134 officers discharged
as sick, left for San Francisco via Nagasaki yesterday. The Hancock and
Sherman, with the Nehraska, Pennsylvania and Utah troops, leave for the
T'nited States as soon as the troapd oan be placed in readiness. The Califor
r.ians will leave as soon as collected, the Colorado to follow on the first avail
able transport, OTIS.
MISS HECHT THE
BRIDE OF M. C. SLOSS
Popular San pranciscao Weds
a Boston Leader in Society
and Charities.
BOSTON, June 19.— The palatial home of Mr. and Mrs. Jacob H.
Hecht, 113 Commonwealth avenue, was made more beautiful than ever
this afternoon by the addition of hundreds of roses and tropical plants,
t.h» occasion being the wedding of Miss Harriet Hecht, daughter of Mr.
Louis Hecht Jr., and Mr. M. C. Sloss of Pan Francisco, Cal. Miss Heoht
is one of the acknowledged leaders of society in Boston and she is also
one of the most able promoters of all movements pertaining- to chari
ties. The bridegroom is a graduate of Harvard 'no and also of the Har
vard Law School. Rabbi Schindler and Rabbi Charles Fleischer con
ducted th.' services. The bridal party was led by the ushers, Mr. Simon
L. Hecht, brother of the bride, and Mr. Albert Van Raalte, who were
followed by Mr. and Mrs. Jacob H. Hecht. Then came the groom and
his Bister, Mrs. E. R. Lilienthal, the best man, Mr. Joseph Slosß,
brother of the groom, and the maid of honor. Miss Bailie R. Hecht. The
bride whs attended by flower girls, all cousins— Miss Fannie Frank. Alice
Frank, Helen Strauss, Harriet Kopf and Maida Herman. The birde, on
the arm of her father, brought up the rear. She wore a costly wreath of
pearls and diamonds, a gift of the groom. The guests weie members
of both families, coming from nearly every State in the Union, and
iates of the groom, numbering: nearly 100 persons. The wedding
dinner was served In the drawing and dining rooms, where numerous
small tables decorated with American Beauty roses had been pla- ed
After an extended wedding trip Mr. and Mrs. Sloss will reside in Ban
Francisco.
SURROUNDED
BY THOUSANDS
OF THE ENEMY
Continued from First Page.
their handful of men against an over
whelming force. The American move
ment has averted the contemplated at
tack <>n Imus by the entire Filipino
army in the south."
Our loss during the day may amount
to a total of forty killed and wounded.
It is generally believed that 2000 '
rebels were advancing to attack the
American forces at Imus when Bubb
mtered them. Among the pris" - i
era taken is a Japanese half-taste, who
held the position of paymaster in the
insurgent army. Some money was
captured with him.
BALLOTS CAST OUT
BY SUPREME COURT
At Present McMillan Leads Sadler in
the Nevada Gubernatorial
Contest.
CARSON, New. June 10.— When the Su
preme Court of Nevada reconvened this
■ v the case of McMillan vs. Sadler
over the Governorship was resumed. The
court lirst announced its decision regard-
Ing the ba ted t" by McMillan.
ctions the court sustained
forty-nine.' Of the no objections filed by
Sadler the court sustained thirteen. Sad
ler originally had 22 plurality, and la
this decision McMillan now has fourteen
votes the better (if the incumbent. The
fact that Sadler has several thousand
votes to go over would indicate that he
has a good chance to overcome what pain
McMillan has ma'?. .
Sadler introduced T.yon and Douglas
counties this afternoon and by rulings of
the court on othr-r decisions has gain-!
four votes, which cuts McMillan's plu
rality to 10. At this ratio he will mi>re
than regain the lost ground. Sadler will
■ ■ upy tins w^ek with evidence, Introduc-
Storey 'Washoe and Ksmeralda coun
ties.
SAN FRANCISCANS GO
TO VICTORIA TO WED
Dr. George M. Terrill and Miss Hut
ton United by Canon
Beanlands.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 10.— Victoria
was the Gretna Green where a romance
which was begun in San Francisco
ended this morning with the wedding !
of Dr. Ge>rge M. Terrill and Miss Hut
ton, both of San Francisco. The couple i
arrived from the Golden Gate hy the ;
steamer I'matilla yesterday and regis- j
tered at the Driard Hotel. This morn- j
ing they took a pleasant drive about '
the city, in the course of which they {
visited Christ Church Cathedral.
There they were met by Gus Hart
nagel, proprietor of the hotel, who on
short notice had agreed to act as best
man, and Rev. Canon Bean Beanlands
made the two San Franciscans man
and wife. Mrs. Beanlands supported
the bride. The ceremony was a very
s,imple and private one, and on the con
clusion "f the few formalities the party
returned to the Driards, where Canon
Beanlands and Mrs. Beanlands were
their guests at a wedding luncheon.
The clergyman was particularly im
pressed with the fact that it was the
desire of the contracting parties to
have their marriage kept private Prob
ably from this reason, or for more di
rect causes, the newly-married couple
are reported to have eloped. The
groom, however, scouted the sugges
tion. The reason for the journey to
Victoria and the secret wedding, as he
gives it, was a desire to avoid notori
ety. It is rumored that the wedding
may have an important bearing on the
disposal of property in San Francisco.
The couple leave for California on the
next steamer.
RAILROADS IN MEXICO.
Plans to Form an Important Link in
the Pan-American System.
OAXA''A. Mpxlco. June J9.—J. C. Mor
gan, a capitalist of Niagara Falls. N. V..
has applied to the Mexican Government
for a concession to build a railroad from
San Goronimo, on the Isthmus of Tehaun
t. pec, to the Guatemalan frontier. A
project is also on foot to build a railroad
from this city to San Geronlmo. the two
proposed lines to form an important link
in the Pan-American Railway.
Takes Rough on Rats.
SAX JOSE, June 19.— Tony Mazziotle, a
young barber, formerly of San Francisco,
where, he was Known as Tony Delmonte
took rough on rats in St. James Park this
evening because of a disappointment in
love. He may recover.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JUNE 20. 1899.
TREASURE SHIPS
FROM THE YUKON
Dirigo and Tees Bring
Back Gold.
TENDERFOOTS WITH WEALTH
ONXY ONE OLD MINER AMONG
THE LUCKY ONES.
Victoria Steamship Danube Seriously-
Damaged by Crashing Upon
the Rocks Near
Union.
Special Dlspnt.-h to Thf Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 19.— The
steamers Dirigo and Tees arrived here
to-day, bringing a quarter of a million
dollars in gold dust.
The Dirigo had the larger portion—some
thing over 1150,000. There was about $1".
--0(i0 worth of the yellow metal stored In
little sacks in the purser's office and dif
ferent amounts were laid away in bags
in individual rooms of the 'lift', rent pas
sengers. Very few of the returned miners
are old-timers, nearly all who came out
with from $20Oii to $10,000 each having gone
in only last year.
Henry Davids of Ottawa was tho oldest
Klondiker, he having gone in with the
lately deceased ••Jack" Junean and Mc-
Questian in 1886. He hap two rich Bonan
za Creek claims, but Intends during the
next three years to thoroughly exploit the
new tributary of Forty Mile, as he tnlnks
the American side even better than the
Canadian. Just before leaving Dawson on
June 3 he saw the arrival of Alexander
McDonald's first gold jack train with a
partial clean-up of one of the best El Do
rado claims. There were forty mules and
each ha<l all tho gold it could carry.
Coming up the Fukon great difficulty
is being experienced by steamers In gel
tins along at all, as the river is lower
even than it was last season. Men were
compelled to gel out on the bars with
ropes and help pull the steamers over.
News was brought or the Victoria
steamer Danube being ashore near Union.
On her way north she went in for coal
and on her way out ran upon the rocks,
smashing in her forefoot and seriously
damaging the hull. The captain had lit
tle difficulty In backing off. hut the ves
sel was taking in water so badly that
he. ran her upon the end of Denman Isl
and, where she will be lightered by the
steamer Maude and subsequently towed
hack to Victoria.
R. J. Reedsnyder of Philadelphia was
a passenger on the Pirigo, having caught
the vessel at \V range], He was for eight
een months on the Edmonton trail. He
was a. member of a party of fourteen,
headed by R. Mason, who left by the all-
Canadlan route from Kdmonton. They
had a terrible trip, lost all their baggage
and supplies ami nearly starved. Reed-
Bnyder says the Government is now giv
ing the miners plenty of supplies.
Two members of lialworth's New York
party, which was supposed t.> have been
lost on Hay mountain, have turned up
safe, hut they became separated from
all of their companions, one member of
the Mason party is now lying dangerously
ill of scurvy at Dease I^ake.
WRECK OF THE DANUBE.
greater Portion of the Vessel's Cargo
Will Be Lost.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 19.- A dip
patch received from the I'nion mines,
at which thr- steamer Danube had
coaled just before ?he struck a rock in
the north passage, pays the after hold
Is full of water, and the greater por
tion of her cargo will be totally lost.
The steamer Maude, which was load
ing coal at the mines, went to the re
lief of the Danube and took off her pas
sengers and as much freight as could
be saved. The steamer Tees will go to
night, after discharging- the cargo she
has just brought from the north, to
the assistance of the wrecked steamer.
Lieutenant Governor Mclnnes, who was
among the passengers on the steamer,
is on his way to Victoria to take pas
page on the next northbound steamer.
The Danube had just come off the
ways, where two weeks were spent in
repairing her in consequence, of her re
cent stranding near Tape Mudge, be
fore starting on the present trip.
OWNERSHIP BY THE PEOPLE.
One Way to Fight the Big Trusts Be
ing Formed.
AI r STTN, Tex., June 19. -Governor Say
erß to-day received a lengthy letter from
Governor J. R. Rogers of the State of
Washington on the subjoet of the anti
trust movement and the proposed confer
ence of Governors and Attorney-Generals
to he held in St. Louis. Governor Rogers
says that it is his opinion that many
people are advocating State control of
trusts with insincerity, thinking in this
way to pass through the next national
campaign with safety to themselves, feel
ing sure that whatever State legislation
may !>e enacted which will really curb the
power of trusts will be eventually de
clared unconstitutional by the t'nited
States Supreme Court. He says that In
many instances so-called trusts are mere
ly larger corporations and that such cor
porations possess a v-ested and constitu
tional right to buy and sell. He concludes
by stating .that he can see no remedy for
the trust evil save public ownership, and
that he will not attend the proposed con
ference at St. Louis.
Governor William A. Stone of Pennsyl
vania writes that he will give the pro
posed conference consideration.
Congressman Danforth Dead.
WHEELING, W. Va., June. 19.— Captain
Lorenzo Danforth, serving his sixth term
as Congressman from the Sixteenth Ohio
District, died to-night at 7 o'clock at hU
country home near St. Clairsville, Ohio.
His death was sudden and was caused by
heart disease. The only member of his
family present at his death bed was his
daughter.
ARTICLES SIGNED
FOR THE FIGHT
I Jeffries Matched With
Sharkey.
TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT
MEN TO MEET IN A TWENTY
FOOT RING.
• ■ -■ -
Marquis of Queensberry Rules to
Prevail, and the Mill to Occur
on the Twenty-Third.
of October.
_„_.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June Articles of
agreement calling for a twenty-five
[ round fight between James J. Jeffries
i and Thomas Sharkey were signed by
> the managers of. the men at a meeting j
! held in the Manhattan Theater build- j
I ing this evening. The men will fight j
! on October 23 before the club offering I
the largest purse and for a belt em- j
blematic of the heavy-weight cham- \
pionship of the world. They will fight
under Marquis of Queensberry rules.
They will be allowed to hit with one
hand free and must. protect themselves
in breakaways. O'Roufke gained his
point as to the use of bandages on the ■
hands. Brady compromised with him
as to the size of the ring. . Brady
wanted a sixteen-foot affair, but
O'Rourke held out for a twenty-four
foot ring. It was finally agreed to have
a twenty-foot ring. George Siler of
Chicago was selected as referee. The
articles of agreement in part were:
Contest shall be of twenty-five rounds for
a decision, and shall take place on Oc- !
tober 23, 1899.
The principals agree to accept the best
inducements offered before midnight on
September 1. 1599. and if held in New York
State the contest is to be strictly under
the interpretation of the Horton law.
That the contest shall be governed by
Marquis of Queensberry rules and that
the men shall be permitted to fight with
one hand free, each protecting himself in
the breakaway: but they are to part at
command of the referee". Soft bandages
to be allowed, but they must be satisfac
tory to the referee and opposing prin
cipal. . •
The gloves shall not weigh less than five
ounces.
George Silor is agreed upon as referee.
The »winner shall take the entire purse. !
If either man should suffer defeat be- i
tween now and the time of acceptance of i
the purse the match is declared off. and
after the club articles are signed neither
man shall engage In any contest except
with his sparring partner, or forfeit the !
amount he has deposited. It is further
agreed that on the. signing" of these art!- I
cle? each man shall post $2500 with Al
Smith, who shall be final stakeholder, said
forfeit to stand as a guarantee of good
faith. The parties mutually agree to con
tost at catch weights. It is further agreed i
that the referee shall have the power to i
decide any and all points that may
arise and are not covered by these articles
of agreement. It is agreed that if the
contest take place at the Lenox Athletic
Club or the Coney Island Sporting Club
the present size of the ring shall
remain and shall not be altered
from this time on. under penalty of
forfeiture of cash deposited by Thomas
O'Rourke and William A. Brady. In case
of the contest being held outside of either
of these clubs the ring to he twenty feet i
square in the clear
TOM O'ROURKE, for Tom Sharkev.
W. A. BRADY, for James .T. Jeffries.
BITTER ATTACKS ON
JOCKEY TOD SLOAN
London Newspapers Insist That the
American Assaulted the Ascot
Waiter.
LONDON, June 19.— The afternoon
newspapers to-day are Instating that Tod
Sloan, in Bpite of his denials, is the man
who assaulted a waiter at Ascot on
Thursday. The Evening News la Indig
nant at the fact mat the Jockey Club
hns apparently decided to let the matter
drop, and is Btirring up public feeling
against him. The paper Bays:
"The English jockeys by their behavior
and general hearing have succeeded dur
ing th. j last twenty years in totally alter
ing their social status, and it is hard
lines on them that a foreigner should
come to England and bring disgrace on
the profession without any official no
tice being taken of it. ihe next time
Sloan appears on a racecourse he will
learn what thp public think of him Th*»
fai t that he denies what fifty people wit
nessed may display American bravado
but in no other way will it better his po
sition."
The Star publishes several abusive let
ters, calling Sloan an "American stable
boy" and a "Mllputian Yankee " The.
same paper asserts that after careful in
vestigation it was shown that It was
Sloan and no one else who struck the
waiter with a champagne bottle com
pletely opening his lip. so (hat a large
portion of it hung over his mouth.
Tho waiter is still under the care of a
doctor.
PRINCE LUIGI FINDS
GOLD IN THE NORTH
Placer Discovery Said to Have Been
Made by King Humbert's
Nephew.
SEATTLE, June 19.— News has .iust
reached here of a rich placer discovery
on an unexplored creek near the. Port
Clarence reindeer station In Alaska. The
lucky tinders are Prince Lulgi, a nephew
of the Kinp of Italy, and eight other
members of his expedition. In five hours
$20 was taken with a rickety rocker from
the discovery claim. The letter indicates
that a man can easily wash out $100 a day
by sluicing.
ARRAIGNED FOR MURDER.
Hearing of the Alleged Slayers of
James M. Gregg.
SANTA ANA, June 19.-The preliminary
examination of Luther and Henry Hun
gerford. charged with the murder of
James M. Greug at Hidden Ranch,
twenty-rive miles east of here, on the
morning of June 10, was begun to-day!
S. D. Harris, a brother-in-law of the mur
dered man, told how he came to be. an
eyewitness to the shooting. George How
ard, a partner of the Hungerfords in the
ranch, corroborated the greater portion
of Harris' testimony. At the conclusion
of the examination of Howard court ad
journed until to-morrow. The feeling
here Is very strong against the Hunger
fords.
Many Diseased Cows.
CHICAGO, .Tune 19.— Germs of tubercu
losis were found in every cow of a herd of
ninety-two that was received at the Stock
Yards to-day. The choicest of the lot In
several instances were found to be the
most pronounced victims of the disease
In the worst cases the pulmonary organs
were one mass of tuberculosis bacilli. So
great was the navnc played in many in
stances that the resplratorv organs had
lust many of their bovine characteristics
Many of the infected cows were from
State institutions.
Islands Ceded to Germany.
MADRID, June 19.— The Chamber of
Deputies to-day approved the bill ceding
the Caroline Islands, the Ladrones and
the Pelew Islands to Germany. In the
course of the debate Senor Sllvela denied
that any exceptional tariff had been
granted to Germany.
Medal of Honor for Naval Men.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— 1t is stated
at the Navy Department that every man
attached to the Olympia, Boston, Balti
more, Concord, Raleigh Petrel and Mc-
Culloch during tht battle in Manila har
bor, regardless of rank and station, will
receive a luvdu,; of Uguur.
TAMMANY AND THE
KILLARNEY LAKES
Stirred by thje Counter Action
of tf)e National Trust
Society.
NEW YORK, June 19.— Tammany has been stirred to more imme
diate action by the cablegram to the effect that the Duke of Westmin
ster and others of the National Trust Society of England had begun a
counter movement for the purchase of the Lakes of Killarney. A num
ber of district leaders were gathered informally at Tammany Hall this
morning and the proposed purchase of the lakes was discussed. It is
said that Tammany will depend largely upon the wishes and efforts of
Mr. Croker in the purchase and preservation of this historic property.
"Mr. Croker Is on the scene," said a prominent officer of Tammany.
"He is very much interested personally in the proposed purchase of Kil
larney and believes that Irish-Americans should take advantage of the
sale and secure the lakes. Thus far Tammany has pledged its support
to the scheme. We are depending, as I have said, upon what Mr. Croker
says. Until his return I do not think that any definite announcement
will be made. If we decide to purchase Killarney Ido not believe How
ard Gould will stand in our way. Tammany is made of men who would
hold the spot sacred. It is their native land and it will not* be like an
alien."
JOCKEY MAHER
UNDER A CLOUD
Set Down by Owner
Clark.
SEQUEL TO THE SUBURBAN
SUSPICION AGAINST RIDER OF
BANASTAR.
No Charges Are Preferred, but the
Millionaire Turfman Drops a
Rather Significant
Remark.
S[>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 19.— 1n the Daisy
stakes at Sheepshead Bay to-day Neda
and Jlisericordia were equal favorites. It
was little more than a walk-over for
Neda, for she won all the way. Central
Trust took the sixth race by a head from '
Intrusive. Her time (1:47) equaled the;
track record.
\Y. H. Clark, the owner of Banastar, fa
vorite of the Suburban, ordered Jockey
Maher away from his stables to-day and
told him he could not ride for him or any
one else during this and next year. Mr.
Clark has the jockey under contract for
1899 and 1900. and says he prefers to pay
him the $10,'K)0 a year to stay on the
ground. He mak^s no direct charges that
Banastar was pulled in the big race of
.Saturday, but declares he will protect
other owners.
Whether or not Mr. Clark has ground
for a suspicion that Maher acted dishon
estly, ho was incensed because the jockey
failed to get Banastar away from the
post in the Suburban, and then cruelly
and shamefully belabored the poor beast
without the slightest cause. Maher, who
is under contract with Mr. Clark to ride
for two years. a 1 a salary of $10,000 per
annum, has been instructed tn call at his
employer's office every three months to
collect lv's salary. He must at all times
remain away from the stable. He cannot
,-;,!,. j n a ny race or even exercise a horse
on the race track without bis employer's
consent, which practically means banish
ment from the turf. Results:
Six (uTloags— AdinWatton won. Preatldigita
trice second. Abuse third. Time, 1:13 4-4.
Selling mile and an eighth- -Holland won.
Estaca second, Bon tno third. Time. 1:54 1-5.
Daisy stake«, five furlongs— Neda won, Miseri
cordta. 8 md, The Bobby third. Time, 1:02%.
Mile— May Hempstpnd won. Merry Prince sec
ond Byron McClelland third. Time, 1:89 1-5.
Pellinc live furlongs— Mauvllla won, Pres
to,, second, Fluke third. Time. 1:02 1-5.
Grass seillne stakes, one and a sixteenth
miles — Central Trust won, Intrusive second,
Concord third. Time. 1:47.
CINCINNATI, June 19.— 0n account of rough
rliilnc of tl. Wilson at Latonia to-day his
mount. Semper Idem, in the third race, was
disqualified, after finishing second, and the
other horses placed up. Abusive, a full
brother to ttio great sprinter Abuse, was hacked
down fn>m 30 to 1 to 2 to 1 in the fourth event.
but failed to show on the board. Weather
pleasant: track fast. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Crystalline won. Gar
net Bench second, Katie Rutherford third.
Time. 1:15%. _ „
Five furl'>ngf». sellinc— Aurea won. Fairy Dell
second, MiM Hudson third. Time, 1:02%.
Mile sollins -Be&na won. Salvarse second.
Freak 'third. Time. 1:42. Semper Idem finished
second but was disqualified for fouling.
Mile.' Belling— School Girl won. Shleldbearer
second' Vanessa third. Time. 1:42.
Five furlongs— Strathlight won, Postmaster
galley second. Dissolute third. Time. l:03K.
Mile selling— The Elector won, Yuha Dam
second. Frlesland third. Time, 1:41.
ST. LOUIS, June 19. -Only me outsider. Lady
Callahan, was able to land within thp money at
the Fair Grounds to-day. In the fourth event
Fontalnebleau was cut down by Headwater and
lamed for life. Tract fast. Result?:
Selling-, six furlongs— Hlridoonet won, W. B.
Oates second. Tav.i Harris third. Time, 1:15%.
Belling seven furlongs— The Pride Won. Sir
Oatlan second. Colonel Cassia? third. Time.
l:2B'i
Selling-, mile and seventy yards-Duke of
Faiieu won. Hutch Bard second. Lee Bruno
third. Time, 1:47.
Six furlong?, purse Kensington won. La Jo
sephine, second, f^auntoro third. Time. 1:13.
Purse, five furlongs— Southern Oirl won. Sam
Phillips second, Felix nard third. Time. 1:02.
Purse mile and twenty yards -Lady Calla
han won, Meadowthorpe second. Be True third.
Time. 1:4214.
FAST SEVEN FURLONGS.
Donald Bain Covers the Distance in
1:25 3-4 at Hawthorne.
CHICAGO. June 19.— Wiliam Hayos'
three-year-old colt Donald Bain, by
Strathmore-Gladness, to-day ran seven
furlongs at the Hawthorne track in
1:25%. This is the fastest time ever made
In the West and the fastest, with one ex
ception, ever made In the United States.
The exception Is the performance of Clif
ford, who as a four-year-old, carrying 127
pounds, ran the distance at Shee.pshead
on August 29 1894. in 1:25 2-5.
Donald Bain carried 104 pounds, seven
below the scale. The fastest seven fur
longs previously run at Hawthorne was
by Pop Gray on May 1. 1595. when, carry
ing 104 pounds, he as a four-year-old won
easily In 1:2(!H- Harry Puke at Nash
ville, Timekeeper at St. IvOuis. Caesarl.in
and Byron McClelland at Oakley and
Buck Massie at Harlem had all mad-? the
distance in 1;26 flat, but in every Instance
carried light weights. On this account
Donald Bain's performance was sensa
tional. Several watches on the outside,
caught the time as l:2riVz. some even less.
But after all the real glory in the race
belongs with Brigade, the unlucky ?h^st
nut son of Hayden Edwards, for he was
only a head away at the finish and catch
ing the winner at every jump. At the
start Donald Bain had clear sailing, while
Brigade, along with some of the other*.
was interfered with by the crazy Jolly
Roger, who cut across the track just as
the flag fell. Results:
MIIp. pplline— fillers won, Defender II sec
ond. Piccnla third. Time, 1:41 U.
Five ftirlo/itts— lsenik won, Fantland second.
Caviar third. Time, 1:01%.
Seven furlones- -Donald Bain won, Brigade
second, Boney Boy third. Time, 1:2."%.
Mil* and an eighth, selling- Isabf>y won. El
kin second. Button third. Time. l:. r .(i;.
Mile— Our Johnny won, Vaseline second, Bar
rier third. Time. 1:42-%.
Mile— Varda won. Uncle Abb second, Ison
third. Time. 1:41%.
TWO JOCKEYS THROWN.
Accidents During the Running Races
at Denver. , a
DENVER, June 19.— This was ' Ladles'
day at Overland Park, and the attend
ance was greater than on any previous
da^o^foe m^eeOnfrJaelngJlully JLQ.QOO, -Fa-.,
vorltes won all but two of ? the running
I races, and in the two exceptions the win
ners were riot long shots. Rose Crolx
we , nt . lu ™ in the 2:35 pace and did not
! finish th e first neat - Jockey Gray was
thrown by Charlemagne in the first run
ning race, and, in the hurdle race Turbe
viHe was thrown from Lord Beresford.
h» v r^i!fr» el !i Ved that E^esford would
| Results- raCe l for the accldent
coX 1 " 0^ 1 "^ i( l road wjsrnn— Dr. Dunlevy won
second and third he at? and race. Time. 2:24V 8 .
!£ i J °V, e Tp took flrst neat - Time. 2:25*
■ started McDonald, Gebhart and Trolley also
1 hZ?£ ln £7 Cel ?L te R wori in three straight
K'firted. VICt ° f: Idle " - :21 - La ' lv Cmix
atoS itanS ""■ Idl<wlld and R ° se Crrii *
«£?"! f " r 'onK«-Hummingbird won, Bourbon
f, nd ;, Knzy thtr<l. Tirre. :4!>. Omah Wood.
H«l y kK,!!l Jlm - spa Queen an<l Flor *
tMIH Ie ~ R Ti°' !a won - None Rucn second. Rags
third Time, 1:4414. Bloodhound. Zaralda
Charlemagne, Giola and Miss Redwood also
Mile and an »iKlith. over five hurdles—
won, McPrior .second, Dick Behaft third. Time
1 ran Kaiser Ludw| e and Lord BereKford alao
r«i n.
Five and a half furlongs— won. Gold
r'nfv reC « nd> Dfi ' Vs Daughter third. Time,
m **- £. ew Moon. Bonnie Boucher. Stanza
Outlay, Torsion. Tippet, Swlfty. Heffron and
Fleecla also ran.
BEAN-EATERS FALL
TO THE CHICAGOESE
Willis Goes Into the Air After He
Has the Game All But
Won. ..TV..,':,'..; ;....' ,';,
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
Clubs W. l. Pot. ; Clubs— W L Pet
Brooklyn ....41 12 .773 Pittsburß ...24 26 480
££?. t0 " .-v;-- 34 IS .654 Cincinnati ..23 2* «1
Philadelphia 31 20 .608 New York 22 31 ir,
St. Louis.. ..M 21 .604hVaehinKton 17 37 "313
£ hc fso 32 21 .604 Louisville ...16 88*296
Baltimore ..31 21 .51)6 Cleveland ... 9 39 .ISS
CHICAGO. June 19.-After Boston had to
day's game all but won. Willis went up Into
the air in the seventh and filled the bases
His wildness was followed by a triple and
a long fly, placing: the locals one run to the
Rood. Callahan presented Boston . with the
tieingr score, in .ttte eighth. ' Nichols came in
in the eighth and was immediately pounced
on for a single and home run. Attendance
3200. Score :
„. , R. H. E.
Chicago 10 g 6
Boston g •13 9
Batterles-Callahan and " Donahue: Willis"
>.ich..ls and Bergen. Umpires— Gaffney and
Monassau.
ST. LOUIS," Mo. June 10.— Clean, hard hit
ting at opportune moments pave St. Louis a '
victory over Washington to-day. The Perfectos
played in superb form both In the field and
at the bat. Attendance, 1800. Score:
T> it -r*
St. Louis 7' j3* j
Washington ] 490
Batteries— and O'Connor; Weyhing and
McGuire. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
LOUTS VILLE, June 19.— Cunningham' pitched
great ball to-day, and the Orioles would have
been shut out but for two misplays. Wag
ner' single sent in the winning run in the
twelfth inning. Attendance, 250. Score:
n - H - E.
Louisville 3' 13" 3
Baltimore 2 4 l
Batteries— Cunningham and Zlmmer; Howell
and Robinson. Umpires— Swartwood and War
ner.
PITTSBURO, June 19.— Brilliant, errorless
work by Pittsburg shut New York out. Both
pitchers were gilt-edged, but Tannehlll carried
off the honors. In seven innings the visitors
were out in one, two, three order. In the
fifth New York made three hits and filled the
bases, but could not score.'.' Attendance, 1800.
Score: • ' ■ >^r — ■
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 5 6 0
New York 0 5 1
Batteries— Tannehlll and Bowerman; Seymour
and Warner. Umpire— Lynch and Connolly.
CINCINNATI, June I?.— The Reds played
their usual Indifferent and weak game again
to-day, and were easily shut out by the Phil
lies. Donahue pitched splendid ball, while
Breitenstein was a mark. Attendance, 700.
Score:
R. H. E.
Cinncinnatl 0 6 4
Philadelphia .-..-. .„;, 9 ■■ 13 .-.. 0
Batteries- Breltenstein and Wood: Donahue
and McFarland. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
CLEVELAND, .Tune 19.— Both teams played
a good game to-day, but the visitors excelled
at the bat. Bates was a trifle wild. Attend
ance, 200. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland *••■•■•••••■■•■••••.....•... 1 5 6
Brooklyn .-.6 9 1
Batteries— Bates and Schrecongost:- Dunn .and
Grim. Umpires— O' Day spA McOarr.
PRIZE-WINNING TRUST
FORMED BY CYCLISTS
McFarland and Stevens Aid Each
Other to Victories on the
National Circuit.
YEW YORK, June 19.— A prize-winning
trust has been formed by two prominent
professional ryollsts, now following- the
circuit of thfi National Cycling Associa
tion. The combination is the most unique
in tho history of trusts and likewise in
the annals of / cycle-racing. That it Is
richly remunerative to Us promoters all
other prominent profppsionals on the cir
cuit can attest to their sorrow.
Floyd McFarland, the attenuated rider
from San Jose, Cal., and Orlando Stevens,
the stooky athlete from Ottumwa, Iowa!
compose the trust, and so far their com
bination has been entirely satisfactory to
themselves. After less than one month
of racing the pair have earned upward of
$3000, which Is considers bliy more than
half of all the money prizes given at the
meets attended by them.
T'p to the present time McFarland has
been doing the bulk of the winning, more
or less ably assisted by Stevens, who has
not yet attained his partner's form. Sev
eral times, however, the former has sacri
ficed himself for the sake of the latter.
This was notably the case at Vailsburg
N. J., on Sunday, when McFarland aided
Stevens In winning both professional
races on the card. In both the Califor
nian made the pace for his team mate,
running second In one race and withdraw
ing before the finish of the other.
On the previous Sunday at the same
track Stevens was a winner.
Kenny (Jets the Decision.
NEW YORK, June IP.— At the Coney
Island Sporting Club to-night before a
small crowd, "Yank" Kenny of Detroit
received the decision over Ed Dunkhorst
of Syracuse in a twenty-five round bout
Dunkhorst weighed 250 pounds; Kenny 190*
Kenny was the aggressor from first to
last, but In two rounds— the twelfth and
the sixteenth— Dunkhorst landed hf-avllv
and had "Yank" momentarily on QueeV
street. In both of these rounds, however
the Detroit man recovered quickly and'
he had the big fellow groggy before the
gong sounded. In the closing round both
men were too far gone to do any harm
and although "Yank" landed repeat. >l lv
he couUt not finish hif man. At the end
butt; mea .were oq their feet. d
"GASHIE" STEIN'S
LATEST SWINDLE
Cut-Rate Store Run as
a Blind.
MANY MERCHANTS DUPED
GOODS RESHIPPED FROM SAN
JOSE TO A FENCE.
San Francisco Wholesalers Now Have
Detectives Searching for the
Ex-Convict and His Nim
ble Partner.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SAN JOSE. Juno If*. -San Francisco de
tectives are anxious to discover the
whereabouts "of "Gashie" Stein and part-
I nor, who. under the nnnv of D. Jacobson
j & Co.. conducted a "cot-rate" grocery
! store at E3S South First street-. T-he store
was opened about a month a^". but eloped
its doors on June 12. Jt was ;i!l its name
implied in cut rates. Local dealers could
not understand how the firm sold goods
below the wholesale cost.
It has now leaked out thai ••• • store w.isw
merely run as a blind to hunk" San Fran-T
Cisco wholesalers out of bills of f» lods. D.
Jacobson turned out to bi shie"
Stein, ex-convtet. and clever confiden.ce
man. His companion has not been iden
tified yet.
The firm appeared to have an immense
stock on hand, and local creditors did not
press claim?. To-day It was learned that
all these cases Were < mpty and had been
nailed securely to the floor to allay thi
suspicion of any one who mtcht try to
lift them. A large 1 safe also gave th<»
place the look of a substantial business
house. _1
The Board of Trad, of San Francisco
became convinced that all was not ripht
with the firm of Jarobson & Co. a few
days ago, and detectives wer.- put to work
on the case. A number of Who
houses had been worked. Stein and his
partner would buy a large bill of goons
from a firm, paying cash.
Shortly after he would" tret another hip
order and ask sixty days' tiny; on it. In
this manner he obtained about RS(#O worth
of goods. These were shipped to this
city and then reshlpped to a fence in San
Francisco.
The swindle was discovered by a rail
road man and the -poods seized at the
San Francisco depot. Stein and his part
! nt-r skipped as soon a* it was learned
! their game was discovered.
The store hns been attached by the San
Francisco Board of Trade on claim:
! gregatingr $4*o. Another attachment is for
: $100 due for clerk hire. The stock now in
the store is estimated to be worth $75.
Healdsburg's Celebration
HEAT.DSBURG, June 19.— llealdsburg
will celebrate the Fourth of July in a
fitting manner. Hon. Thomas J. Geary
of Santa Rosa will be orator and James
R. Miller will be grand marshal. Many nf
the district schools within a radius of
ten mile? will enter float? in the parade,
which will include some novel features.
The day will be filled out with a basket
picnic at Luce Park. bic>< ■■<■ races and
sport? of all kinds, and will close with
fireworks and a ball in the evening.
Gun Carriage for Alcatraz.
BOSTON. Mass.. June 19:— In the Betting
up shop of the. Watertown Arsenal nn
eight-inch barbette gun carriage has just
been finished fur shipment to Alcatraz
Island. San Francisco. The arsenal his
orders ahead for a year's work.
*. , ADVERTISEMENTS.
Out oil the water in the moonlight. A
more beautiful or romantic situation for a
young man to tell the story of his love and
.ask the young woman of his choice. to share
his life cannot be imagined. " : '
The courtship of a young couple may be
ever so romantic and their married life be
very unhappy. There are common sense
considerations outside of love that have a
world to do with the making of married
happiness. One of the most important of
these considerations is the good health of
both parties to the sacred tie. The young
man who is in the incipient stages of con-
sumption commits a crime if he marries
before he is restored to health. He con-
demns his wife to the life of a nurse and
his children, to early death, or lives of sick-
ness and suffering. ; Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery cures 98 per cent, of all
rases of consumption if taken in its earlier
stages. This is its record established dur-
ing the past thirty years. It is the great
blood-maker, flesh-builder, nerve-tonic and
general restorative.
The young woman who suffers from weak-
ness and disease of the delicate and im-
portant organs that make wifehood and
motherhood possible has no right to answer
"Yes" to a young man's proposal until she
is thoroughly restored to health in a wom-
anly way. Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion prepares a woman for wifehood and
motherhood. It makes her strong, healthy
and vigorous where a woman most needs
health, strength and vigor. Thousands of
women have testified to its merits.
" My daughter," writes Mrs. N. A. Thomas, of
Little Rock, Ark., " had been under a doctor's
care for four years. Dr. Pierces Favorite Pro- 1
Bcription, which cured me, also cured her."
♦o*o<*o<J>o«>o<&o<B>o«o<»o'»o<3>o<3>o*o<?-
I VICHY - IS HEALTHFUL! I
o U A Natural Mineral Water $
O Bra with medicinal qualities,, O
o #{|If* * 1 or Indigestion and °
0 -/4pcjSl>, Stomach Disorders, o
1 JlgjJA °- called VICHY !
§'§§g!|H IN SIPHONS I
|^H NOT VICHY °
1 gjfl|E£ I^l y n Y '+
S'^vili'Ji Get the (lenuino %
iwlfi^UV
♦ " '" ■■— —^h.im 11 'I ' li'l'll *
I EESEH I
O IH cfl M JWg [4 H |if»3 o
% A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent o
♦ o*o*o<»o<»o«>o<s>CK*o«o<s>o<S.O<s>o<*o<»
SWEET use **.
RESTFUL Wooibui s W&W
SLEEP Facial Soap <&£S
Follow, a bath with DBU " T '* d
Soap, and the face, neck and arms n<J .£££th
rendered beautifully white »of and '"^
with WOODBURYS Faclai Cream.' *>» *»»•WERE READY TO
EMBALM DREYFUS
Coffin and Chemicals
Sent to Prison.
SECRET OF DEVILS ISLAND
MELINE PREPARED TO PROVE
CAPTIVE DID NOT ESCAPE.
— — *
The Cruiser Sfax With the Captain
on Board Anchors Off St. Vin
cent, and Proceeds on Her
Way to France.
S^lal Dispatch to The Call.
» LONDON. June 19. Mrs. Emily Craw
ford. thf Paris correspondent of the
Pally News, says: a curious message
has been received from the Isle of Devils
•Dreyfus has gone. What shall we do
with the coffin and embalming drugs?"
This coffin was specially made about the
Slime of the Zola trial and was sent out
I>y the M 'line Govorriment because it was
feared thr.t if Dreyfus died it would be
necessary to brir.j the • ■ main - to France
•m for Identification to allay the suspicions
' of the anti-Semites that he had been al
ilowed to escape, like Mar Bazaln.
PARIS Ji:r.e 10.— The French second
class cruiser Sfnx. \vhi< h is lirinpin;; Cap
tain Dreyfus to France, anchored off Si
Vincent. I ':i| • Verde islands, at .1 ■ look
Sunday afternoon. Her commander ca
bled: "All well "i 1 board."
After coa'.irrc the cruiser will proceed
for the Azr>r;'>\ where another short stop
will be mnf:-:\ It is said that M. Dupuy
has refused the requos; of Madame Drey
fus to sco her husband on liis arrival.
The proFldoii't ■:" the Automobile Club,
Baron yon Zuylen. says that i ' ante de
liion will have a remarkable reception on
cominp out of la Panto Prison to-mor
row. Two hundred employes will be
there to meet him. mounted on tricycles. '
net to speak of numerous personal friends
Miners Will Organize.
i .' »S A N 1 ! ! :LKS. .i Soi ham
committee
vi; ation to 111 miners and
• rested in thi mining Industry
attend a meet
■ be held on July 13 at the Chamber
: pstion to be con
formation of a mln
fornla.
Captain Coghlan's Assignment.
WASHINGTON, Jin ■ i result of
itain James E. < Sreen
•;n.i:!.i of the I ' • i c:^ : B
S ivy I department will
ers to i 'aptain .1. B. < 'ogh
this command, and will di
m to remain on duty as inspector of
ictory billet
;: be uhta ::
Deatn in Plumas Precinct.
:: VSVII. ].K. June 19. Mrs. William
:. • died at the
ten miles south of this
night of dropsy. Her husband
irvive her. She was
a native o f Massachusetts and 39 years
■ r: I will take ; lace from
St Jos ■ In this city to-mor
: w
Stockton Earber Drops Dead.
ST( '< "KT< IN, , ■:■ ' Jrezie.
• ■ v larber
dropped dead this morning. The
was a; oplexj De ( trezle
tead and left
Ing n ■ pa rent Ij .
.. \)f Grezle was. an Intelligent man
had many friends. An Inquest will
Id.
Native Daughters Honored.
WOODLAND, June 19. Ai the last
■ ■■ ■ i trand Parlor of Native
• ■ inch Holly of Dixon
strict di puty grand presi
for Yolo, Solano and Napa counties,
■ i 'oil of this city was ap
of the district deputy grand
presidents at large.
To Succeed Dingley.
iCKLAND, Me., June 19. -Charles E.
!••!'! (R.) has been elected to Con
icceed the late Nelson Dingley.
• iting John Scott of Hath by an over
ming majority Scott polled a
ote than when he stood against
i ilnglejLin th< >; iX ele< tion.
MOURN NOT FOR
BARYTONE OR TENOR
LAMBARDI OPERA COMPANY
FULL OF HARMONY.
The Absence of Signors Salassa and
Avedana Causes No Regrets.
Badaracco an Excellent
Substitute.
There is no weeping and wailing in 'he
Lambardl Opera Company over the loss
of Signors Salassa and Avedana, who
se>n tit to sever their connection
with th^ company- Nor are there any
■■f mourning visible in the costumes
< f the members of th" organization be
st of their absence Crom the <-;ist. [n
•ill is joy ;trul harmony behind the
of tli" AJhambra Theater since the
ture "f til'- uv" ".-tars." and they
■ ••
According to Manager Friedlander.. of
the Calfornla Theater and Manager
Woods of the opera company, the pres
ence if the barytone and the tenor was
not needed to keep up the standard of the
organization, as singers more versatile
ami- of greater ability have been substi
tuted in their stead. Both gentlemen
KuljHtn.TUi.ttM this statement by calling at
tention to ihf fact that Badaracco, who
took Av.->l;,na's place in "Trovatore"
when Avedana signed, scored the big
gest hit ol the son, and the demand
to hear him in the title role has been so
great that the opera was produced last
Sunday evening and will again be heard
twice mo before the company continues
on its tour. They also take, occasion to
say that neither one of tho deserters was
"so much," since neither could sing ex
cept in a f-w opnras. such as "Caval
leria," "Aida" ami "Trovatore," whereas
the remain! numbers of the big com
pany are capable of filling any role.
As to the Biatement made in a morning
paper that the back salaries of Salassa
and Avedana. were unpaid Manager Wood
states that then is not a dollar due the
in.n for services rendered in this country. 1
What may be due them for their Mexican
tour Mr. Wood is not aware of, but he
emphatically states thai there is not a
cent due any member of the organization
sincf he has had ■■•■ handling of it. He
railed attention to the fact that a Los
Angeles capitalist was backing the or
ganization and there was no danger of it
bricking up for want of funds. Another
reason why there is no danger of a dis
bandment of the company la the fact that
it is doing a splendid business.
Deputies Dismissed.
Tax Collector Sheehan has found it noc
■ to dismiss the seventeen clerks he
was allowed at the beginning < . f the
month, owing to there being but $1745 to
• arryon his office for the remainder of the
month. The work la now being performed
l.v five deputies, who say thc-v will not hr.
able to finish up the books for the fiscal
■ > ;<r by the end of the month.
Found Dead in Bed
T John I r . Godfrey, who for many yean
been a familiar figure around Uln.-on
Hill, was found dead in bed In hi? room
.' 570 Harrison street yesterday afternoon.
i»>;.r!i is believed to have been due to nat
ural causes, but as there was no nni' to
like care of the body It was removed to
the Morgue. Godfrey was about 55 years
' ' age and a gardener by occupation.
ARMAMENT NOT
BEING LIMITED
Russia Does Not Practice
What She Preaches.
READY TO SPEND MILLIONS
— ♦—
FOR ARMAMENT OF WARSHIPS
AND ARTILLERY.
♦
The St. Petersburg- Government Offers
Special Inducements to Ameri
can Manufacturers of
Ordnance.
S[v<-in' Dispatch to Th<> Call.
WASHINGTON. June I!*.— Russia has
intimated t>> American ordnance man
ufacturers that if they will establish
plants within her boundaries, contracts
will be placed *\vith them for millions
.if dollars' worth nf puns and projec
tiles.
According to the representative of a
l, company the v: t. Petersburg
Government contemplates spending
000 for 'he armament of naval
vessels and for artillery. The Russian
Government is averse to such a large
amount beitiK spent outside of the
mvi try. It prefers 'he American ord
t" an\ other, and for this rea
son is offering special inducements to
American manufacturers. Apparently
none <>f the ordnance firms will accept,
however, it has been reported that
Russia contemplated buying in Europe
the armament fur men-of-war building
for her ; tt Cramps, but a determined
effort is being made i»;. ordnance firms
in this country to secure :1> • contract,
and there is a chance that they will he
successful. This contract Rill amount
t<> s' v. ral million dollars .
The repori thai Russls has given or
ders t" Am< r.'-a r. firms for field guns
a d othei I ■ amounting to $6.
--000 " 0 is not b \ie\ ed h re. Russia's
purpose to buy so much ordnance ma
tt rial has caus ed i ■ ole com
ment in riew of tfi d claratlons of the
Czar in regard to limiting armaments
for all nations of the world.
GERMANY MAY MAKE
MINOR CONCESSIONS
BERLIN, June 19.— An official of the
German Foreign Office, who was inter
viewed to-di ■■ : 5 the correspondent here
of the Associated Press relative to the
visit of Dr. /.urn. one of the German d< '■ -
gates to tlie Peace Conference, to Berlin,
emphasized the Impossibility of Germany
accepting Sir Julian Pauncefote's arbitra
tion tribunal proposal
The Berlin Tageblati says it under
stands iha' I>r Zorn's Instructions In
volve a concession regarding the arbitra
tion question, due to th< great earnest
ness with which the British, American
... .i Russia* delegati >- are pushini: the
application of the principle. Government
■ es 'rum political motives <l»-sii> some
tive result, if there can be an abso
lute guarantee that the scheme will not
i ".••'.■inaii Interests.
THE HAGUE. June 19.— Dr. /.urn. tli ■
member of th< German delegation to '.'■;■
International Peace Conference who was
dispatched Friday by Count yon Munsterr
the chief German delegate, after a confer
ence with his colleagues, to infurni Em
peror William personally of the condition
of affairs in regard to the board of arbi
tration question, returned to Bcheveningen
to-day from Berlin. Tt is said, however,
that owing to the absence of th" Em
peror Dr. Zurn was only able to consult
with the officials of the German Foreign
< »fflce.
Dr. Zorn is discreetly reticent regarding
his mission, but it is understood that he
obtained the Impression at Berlin that a l
hope need not be aband< ned of effecting
an understanding regarding the organ
ization of an arbitration board by amal
gamating thf various schemes. It is ex
pected that Emperor William will reach
a decision this week. Matters therefore
remain unchanged, and the drafting c>m
mittef- will not meet until tin- Kaiser' a
decision is known. The ge!if>:;ii desire of
the conference favors an established ar
bitration tribunal recourse to which shall
be optional. It is believed that If > i«=>r
many declines to participate the other
powers will still achieve some such re
sult before separating. They may decide
upun a draft scheme pending Germany's
decision.
-♦
THERE IS YET HOPE
FOR ARBITRATION
WASHINGTON, June 19.— Advices re
ceived by Secretary Hay from the Ameri
can delegation to The Hague conference
Indicate the confidence of the delegates
that the plan of International arbitration
will be adopted by the conference. The
opposition of Germany and other powers
to the American plan makes it certain
that that plan will not be adopted, and it
was said by a high official of the adminis
tration to-day that this Government
would be satisfied if the conference would
agree to the scheme based upon three
propositions made by representatives of
Russia, Great Britain and the United
Stat'-s. He thinks it probable From Infor
mation he has from The Hague that the
suggestion contained in the American plan
thai members of the tribunal be desip
natnii by the Judiciaries of the several
nations will be Incorporated by the arbi
tration committee in the final scheme sub
mitted to the conference. It would not be
surprising, it is stated, if th<- conference
should agree to provide an administrative
committee to conduct affairs of arbitra
tion ami prescribe the scope of Questions
to be submitted to the arbitration tri
bunal, and be reaily to submit its report
within ten days or twn weeks. The au
thorities have given up hope that t ho
propositions of the United States for th.»
protection of private property at sea and
amelioration of the hardships of war will
be adopted, and arp bending every effort
to secure the acceptance of an arbitration
resolution by the conference.
BROTHERS DIL ON SAME HOUR.
John Wilmot of New York Was 80,
and Samuel Wilmot of Can
ada \- as 76.
John and Samuel Wilmot. brothers, died
at almost the same hour on Wednesday
the first at his home. 211 West Seventy
ninth street; the latter at the old resi
dence of the Wilmot family in Newcas
tle. Canada. John Wilmot was in his
eighty-first year; his brother whs in his
seventy-seventh year. The cause of death
In each case was heart disease. Moth
had been severely 111 for just about a
month, and when John Wilmot died on
Wednesday at noon the family at once
prepared ••) tei,.prum to send to him
brother's home in Canada. The messen
ger who was summoned took the tele
gram and started out of the door. Ah
he was leaving the house another mes
senger boy entered bearing a tel. 'grain
which told of Samuel Wllmofs death at
noon Wednesday.
The brothers were born in Canada and
were of an old English family. Roth
were ardent sportsman. In 1854 John Wil
mot came to this city and became a errain
broker. He retired from business about
fifteen years ago. John Wilmot leaves
four daughters— Mrs. A. (1. Wood, Mrs.
H. A. Ogden. Mrs. James 11. Leverlch
and Miss Wilmot— and one son. Charles
K. Wilmot.
Samuel Wilmot at an early age took up
the study of fishes and soon acquired
some prorminence as an authority on the
subject. He was placed ultimately In
charge of the Canadian fisheries. He
leaves three daughters— a Mrs. Galbraith,
a Mrs. Thorne and a Mrs. Sanford. Mrs.
Sanford's first husband was Dr. Thomas
11. Burchard. After Dr. Hurchard's death
she was married to Henry Sanford. one
"f the directors of the Adams Express
Company.
Samuel Wilmot will be buried on Sat
urday at Newcastle. Canaua. His brother
will be buried at Greenwood.— New York
Sun.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 1899.
PLACERVILLE NOW THE
MECCA OF THE DRUIDS
PTvACKRVITXE, June 19.— The thir
ty-tlfth annual session of the Grand
Grove of the United Ancient Or
der of Druids of California will
open in the Masonic Temple to
morrow morning:. ]t will ho the first
meeting of a grand organization in this
city. It is also an interesting event in
the history of the Order of Druids, for
Placerville was the birthplace of Druid
ism in tin' West. California Grove No. 1,
organised "ii May 7, ix:» 9, was the first
grove of the order instituted west of St.
I-ouis. Two unsuccessful attempts had
been made prior to the institution of Cali
fornia Grove No. 1 to organize the ordor
In" California— at Sacramento in 1851 and
' ;it San Francisco in 1852. It remained for
; the late Frederick Sieg, who previous to
1 his arrival in California had been a resi
dent of St. Louis and had for a number
of years a£ted as secretary of Teutonic
Grove No. 2 of that city, to successfully
plant the l>rui<lic oak on the western
! shores of thi> nation.
By special dispensation of the Grand
Grove of the United States, making Fred
erick Sieg a special D. D. G. A., he Is
sued a call to the Druids residing in the
: vicinity "i" Placerville to meet for thepur
: pose of organizing a grove of the order.
But three members responded to the pub
lish..! call. The laws of the order re
quiring seven members to open a grove,
four candidates were made Druids at
si k 1 1 1 to secure thi i-» -< iu ' i"* •< ' number.
Other groves soon organized -it San
Kran. 51 ckti n. Sacramento and
Coli ma and on the 16th day of May. 1863.
the Grand Grove, United Ancient Order
of Druids, for the State of California,
was Instituted at San Francisco. Freder
ick Sieg was elected as the first N. G. A.
as h reward for his untiring ami unselfish
lab< rs In behalf of the order.
Fmm the small beginning at PlaoervlUe
■ ■ ■ order has grown tv No,
The subordinate groves within the juris
diction of the Grand Grove <>f California
have over 1000 members and disburse an
nually nearly $30,000 In relief to members.
DISASTER NOT DUE
TO CARELESSNESS
Powder Works Explo
sion Accidental.
VERDICT OF CORONER'S JURY
NO CENSURE ATTACHED TO THE
COMPANY.
— *
The Two Secombs, Who Lost Their
Lives, Will Be Buried in One
Casket at San
Rafael.
Ppo^ial Dispatch to The <"-all.
PAN RAFAEL, June 19.— An inquest
was held to-day over the remains of
the four unfortunate men who lost their
lives in the explosion which wrecked
the Vnited States Smokeless Powder
Works on Saturday. At th- conclusion
of the inquest the jury rendered a ver
dict of "death from accidental causes,"
in accordance with the testimony.
Owing to the various sensational ru
mors in circutation, a lar^' 1 crowd had
assembled at the Morgue by 9 o'clock, i
but Tt dispersed when Coroner Eden
announced that as John Farrell and
Frank Webster were unable to leave
their beds the jury would have to pro
ceed to the Tamalpals Hotel. After
both men had told their stories the
jury returned to the Morgue and lis
tened to th<' testimony of Superintend
ent Starke, Foreman Rehnert and John
Downey.
Superintendent Starke asserts thin
the tale of Peter Moran regarding the
overheating of drying boxes, as pub
lished to-day, was due to malice, Moran
having been discharged for careless
ness and incnrnpetenoy. Moran, in fart,
acknowledges that he was discharged
and did not quit work In fear of an
explosion.
Frank Hollenbeck's aged mother ar
rived from Martinez this morning and
had her son's body placed in a casket |
and sent home, where the funeral will ;
take place to-morrow. The remains of i
the two Becombs, father and son. will !
be interred in one casket at Mount
Olivet Cemetery to-morrow. Morrisey
will be laid away at the same time.
President Timothy Hopkins and three
directors of the company came to this
city from San Francisco this morning
and were driven to the site of the
powder works. After a cursory in
spection of the ruins they returned to
town and left on the next train.
The Jury Disagreed.
Th«» case of A. F. Martel. 153 Fremont
street, charged with violating the gar
bage ordinance by buying and using gar
bage as fuel to generate steam, was tried
before a Jury in Judge Tread well's court
yesterday afternoon. The jury was out
for over an hour and failed to agree upon
a verdict, and was discharged. It was
learned that eight were for acquittal and
four for conviction.
A New York Judge.
Queer Judges they have on the bench
in New York. At a complimentary din
ner given the other night to Judge Fitz
gerald, who has been elected to the Su
preme Court, one of the speakers took
occasion to describe the characteristics
of some of the ornaments of the bench
Past Noble Grand Arch Sieg died at
Placerville on Augusi 14, 1888, aged 73
vi-nrs. On Julj 14, 1892, under the au
spices of ih" Grand Grove of California,
a beautiful monument erected over his
grave in LTnion Cemetery, near Placer
ville, by th<' Jiruhis of the State, was
dedicated with appropriate memorial
ceremonies.
The preseni officers of thp Grand Grovp
are:
Noble Grand Arch— Frank T.owis of IMeas
anton Grove No. 82 of Pleasanton.
there. lie mentioned a case where an
accomplished lawyer, a graduate of the
Harvard law school, and a representative
of one . . f tin- .ill! New England families,
lately went before one of the New X"ork
Judges to ..pinis" a motion, and, when it
came to his turn, he rose and spoke as
follows:
"If it may pleasr> tho court, it Firms
tn iin- tiiis motion ought to be draied."
"Is dot so!" exclaimed the Judge, "Veil,
it don't make zo much difference to me,
unil it s. i ins to me it ought to bo granted
already yet."
"Well, I take an exception."
"All righdt," said this urbane .Tudce.
"dake dwo, und if" dot vas not enough
dake dree: und if dot don't zatisfy you,
go over tmd dake de City Hall."
And all the lawyers at the banquet
promptly recognized the picture.— Boston
Herald."
SCIENCE MAY CONQUER FOG.
"Electric Cohesion" Promises to Turn
Mist Into Rain at Will.
In the course of a Royal Institution
lecture on "Coherers," Professor Oliver
Lodge m;iil<' ; i n experiment which may
have an important bearing in the abate
ment of the smoke nuisance. Tie filled a
hell jar with magnesium smoke. Ordi
i narily these thick fumes would take a
' long time to disperse. I>r. Txidge passed
;< charge of electricity through the jar,
• and the smoke began Instantly to clear,
1 the smoke particles uniting and falling In
the form of white snow of magnesia. • The
. word used to describe this action of the
: Bmoke particles is electric "cohesion."
i The explanation of it. Dr. Lodge said, is
beyond our scientific knowledge, and it is j
! one <>f thnsr- great problems < > f electricity
i which we hope that Lord Kelvin may
' solve. It is perhaps enough to say at this
point that it is this quality of electric
cohesion which makes Hertzian wireless
telegraphy possible— by the use of sensi
tive electric devices called "coherers,"
which, like the r< ceiver of a telephone,
serve to indicate certain forms of elec
tric waves. Hut Dr. Lodge incidentally !
referred to B possible extension on a large ;
scale of his magnesium Bmoke experi
ment.
"Some people," said he. "may Imagine \
that this experiment suggests a means. of I
dispersing London fog. An adaption of
some such method might be suitable for;
the dispersion of real fog, of sea fog. of
fog arising from a moisture-charged at
mosphere.
"A Scotch mist can be turned into rain
by a suitable discharge of electricity, and !
ordinary rain can be changed into the !
large drops of a thunder shower by the j
electric discharge of the. lightning flash. |
The reason for the size of the drops is
that, owing to the incident of electric
'cohesion.' the drops are attracted to one
another and form conglomerate drops.
Hut I don't think electricity could prevent
London fog. The only way to prevent a
London fog is not to cause it. And the
way not to cause it Is not to burn coal
fires, like savages, in open grates. The
day will come when it will be forbidden
to import crude coal into Tendon. I con- !
fess I should like to see the experiment >
tried of making gap at the great coal i
fields and of conveying it to the town in
huge pipes and conduits. The experiment, i
Of course, could not be made with re- i
Bpect to London; it would have to be
conducted on too large a scale, but it I
might be tried with a small town. It will <
have to come to that some day. People
Bay they can't bear "«as stoves.' Hut as
a matter of fact all fires are gas stoves.
Pec, pie make the gas themselves, and
make it badly. No doubt, however, the
pas stove of the inevitable future will be
a very different contrivance from that of
to-day."— London Times.
A Lot of Them.
"Has your baby cut any teeth yet?"
"I should say so. It's cut at least one
tooth every ni^ht during the past six
months."
There is a special class of farm labor
ers in Sweden who are ptfven so many
acres of land for their own use. in con
sideration of so many days' labor .lur
ing the year for the owner of the farm.
These "torpares" are a sort of fixture
to an estate, and their like exists in no
other country. Their movements, how
ever, are not controlled, and a 'tor
pare" can leave the "jorbtorp" at the
expiration of his contract. Of these
tenants there are 169,739.
Deputy Grand Arch— J. F. Martinoni of
Galileo Grove No. 37 of San Francisco.
Grand Secretary— John M. Graves of Modes
to Grove No. 34 of Modesto.
Grand Treasurer— E. F. Goetze of Norma
Grove No. "> of San Francisco.
Grand Marshal-. T. W. Goetze of Norma Grove
No. 5 of San Francisco.
Grand Guardian— D. P. Brown of Elvln
Grove No. I*> of San Francisco.
Grand Sentinel— J. Gndeau of Pasadena Grove
No. 10 of San Francisco.
Delegates to the Grand Grove arrived
in numbers on this evening's train. They
were accorded an enthusiastic welcome by
the members of the local groves — Califor
nia No. 1 and El Dorado No. 35— and the
litizons of this city. Salutes were fired as
the train appeared in view below the city.
A large procession, composed of local
members of the order and citizens, -with
the I'nion Concert Band, met the visitors
at the station and escorted them to Sis
wart's Opera-house, where they were
formally welcomed to the city by the pre
«i<l.i:g officers of the local proves.
The city is in pala day atttre. thp prin
cipal public and mercantile buildings
being lavishly decorated with the Druidic
colors— red, blue and green. This evening
the visitors were accorded a public recep
tion at Sigwart's Opera-house.
When D. D. G. A. .Mayer at 8:30 p. m.
called the meeting to order the beautiful
ly decorated hall was crowded to the
doors. Mr. Mayer, in extending a welcome
to the grand officers and the visiting dele
gates., referred to the fact that Plaeer
ville had the honor of being the birth
place of Druidism on the Pacific Coast,
and in behalf of the mother prove. Cali
fornia No. 1. an.) El Dorado No. 35 he ex
pressed ' • | lea sure nf the local grove? [ -i
having the grand organization as their
guests. The address was eloquently re
sponded to by X. <;. A. Frank Lewis and
P. G. X. A. j. A. 1 '• voto.
Addresses on behalf of the citizens were
mad'- by Judge Frederick Adams ami
Hon. Prentiss Carpenter. A musical pro
gramme t..\ the Nordica Quartet and the
union Concert Band formed an enjoyable
part of the reception.
To-morrow's session of tho Grand Grove
■will t>< devoted to the consideration of the
reports of the grand officers and the as
signment Of i-ommktfe work.
MOORE SOON TO
KNOW HIS FATE
Murder Case Nearing
the End.
CONVICTION SEEMS CERTAIN
INSANITY PLEA MAY SAVE THE
OUTLAW'S NECK.
The Testimony of Witness Burns
Ruled Out on the Ground That
the Fellow Is a
Lunatic.
Spprlal I>ispatoh to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, June 19.— The Moore
murder case, which has been on trial
for six days past, will go to the jury to
morrow afternoon. The popular opin
ion to-night is that he will be con
victed, but there is much doubt ex
pressed as to the likelihood of his hang
ing.
After the defense introduced addi
tional testimony this morning: as to the
outlaw's insanity matter of the
competency of Francis N. Burns as a
witness for the defense was taken up.
Burns claims to have sp^n the killing
of Kilroy, and alleges that Moore shot
the policeman in self-defense. Dr. A.
H. Tickell was called as an expert by
the people. He declared he had exam
ined Burns and found him to be so
crazy he could not be depended upon.
Judge Nilon ruled that Burns' testi
mony should not be taken and the de
fense rested.
The District Attorney called Dr. R.
M. Hunt and some thirty more wit
nesses in rebuttal of the insanity plea
and they all pronounced Moore to be of
sound mind. Late in the afternoon
both sides rested.
Retained in Office.
SAN JOSE. June 19.— Miss Cornelia M.
Farley and 11. M. Bland were re-elected
members of the County Board of Educa
tion by the Board of Supervisors to-day.
OBDONTUNDER!
js^B^. ffl a \ I I II -^Ottf* K^^^
M *be&*b£j~*^^ niGDt 01 1661 tli
We know you have been severely shocked by electricity.
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas. We realize that you have paid dearly
for the administration of chloroform, ether and other anaesthetics, none of which
have given universal satisfaction. Why not discard the whole lot and adopt some-
thing up to date. Beware of students and men running dental parlors who have no
license to practice. Of late we have seen numerous cases where teeth have been
destroyed and mouths disfigured for life, and have the names of these unfortunate
people on file in our office, also the fakers who performed the work. We can sub-
mit to you at our office a list of the unlawful practitioners, so you may be protected
against these fakers. For the purpose of introducing our painless dentistry we
quote below a few prices to induce you to try our methods. PRICE LIST FOR 90
DAYS, commencing June 17.
EXTRACTION, 2,"% c; CROWNS, 582.00 to SjtlO.OO:
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, s<>«v PLATES $3.00 to $12.30:
FILLINGS, 85c; REMOVABLE HRIIKJEWORK. *3.00 per Tooth.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815^ GEARY ST., Bet. Hyde ani Larkin.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
GERMANY'S POLICY
REGARDING SAMOA
Outlined in Reichstag by
Yon Bulow.
STAND AS TO THE KINGSHIP
WILL TAKE NO HAND IN LOCAL
DISPUTES FOR THRONE.
— *■ --
But the Berlin Government Will Seek
to Sea Its Island Subjects In
demnified for Destruction
of Property.
Special I>ispatch to The Call.
BERLIN", June 19.— During the course of
the debate- in the Reichstag to-day
Herr Leiberman yon Sonneberg at
tacked Great Britain's proceedings
in Samoa. The Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, Baron yon Bulow. replied, saying:
"I have no objection to again define our
attitude on the Samoan question. We
shall not depart from the stipulations of
the Samoan treatynor allow Great Britain
,to turn us from our course. We recognize
the rights of others while maintaining our
own."
Baron yon Bulow next mentioned the
departure from Samoa of Admiral Kautz,
E. B. S. Maxse, the British Consul, and
Herr Rose, the German Consul, and the
release of Herren Huff and Marquardt,
the two Germans arrested during the
troubles, "after the commission has as
sured itself of their complete innocence,"
and then continued :
"The first wirk of the commission will
be the restoration of peace and legal con
ditions, in conformity with the Samoa act.
It would be in accordance with article 1!
of the act if In the settlement of the fu- :
ture government the wish of the inhabit
ants was consulted by a majority vote of
the recognized chiefs and by a mure ex
tended vote of the people. But, I repeat ■
emphatically that we will take no side in
tlx- local disputes or In regard to the can- !
didates for the throne. We do not approve
of the partisanship of the agents or other ;
powers In behalf of MaMetoa Tanu.
"Another task before us is to see our:
subjects in Samoa indemnified, in accord
ance with the principles of the laws of na
tions, for losses through destruction >>f
property or Illegal arrest. (Loud cheers.)
This question, however, will only be ripe
for diplomatic action after the restora
tion of order.
"I hope the activity of the commission ■
will result in a just and equitable settle
ment. We will noi cede any of our rights,
but at the same time vv.- do not forget ;
that complicated international disputes
must be treated with quiet deliberation
and in cool blood."
The Minister read dispatches outlining
the situation as already fully known, the
only n< w points being the German Com- \
mission cr 'a statement that the commis
sion received both Malletoa and Mataafa
as having equal rights as party Leaders,
and the announcement that the possibility
of strife may be ended by the abolition of i
the kingship.
WILL SOLICIT FUNDS.
Fourth of July Finance Committee
to Ask for Assistance.
At a meeting hf the finance committee
of the Fourth of July celebration, held j
yesterday at the offices of Chairman Wil- !
Ham J. Herrin, it was decided to solicit |
subscriptions. The recommendations of'
the various committees for estimated ex
penditures, which had been submitted to
the executive committee, were read, in
which it appeared that $4100 would be re
quired for a proper celebration, heirs
$1100 in excess of the amount appropriated
by the Board of Supervisors..
Considerable discussion followed on the
advisability of asking the public to con
tribute. Some of the members asserted
that $3000 would be sufficient, while others
suggested that the celebration be post
poned until the California Volunteers re
turned from the Philippines.
J. E. Wilkins finally made a motion,
which was carried, that contributions be
solicited from downtown business men by
the members of the committee so as to
bring the total amount tip to $4500. Each i
member will be provided with a subscrip- j
tion book, used for the celebration in 1597, !
and, considering the fact that over five j
hundred dollars has already been sub- :
scribed by various concerns, the commit
tee should experience little or no trouble
in obtaining the balance. Soliciting will
begin to-day, and it is expected that the
required amount will be collected in a few !
days.
The parade committee reports that the
Chinese Native Sons will turn out with a
band and float and Chinese features to
match. The Six Companies met Saturday
evening and decided to contribute all the
expenses of their turnout. The fishermen
have signified their intention to turn out
300 strung with a float. The Native
Daughters have also expressed an inten
tion to parade and to carry out any sug
gestions made by the committee as to
formation and features. The Japanese of
the town are also prepared to turn out
with day fireworks as their contribution,
and there are many other organizations
which are preparing but have not yet
given official notice of the fact.
ANOTHER DRAMATIC CIRCUIT.
Oliver Morosco Secures the Theater at
Los Angeles for the Entering
Wedge.
Oliver Morocco has just returned from
Los Angeles, where he has succeedei in
securing the Burbank Theater, which he
will assume possession of about the Ist
of next September. This is but the enter
ing wedge in the accomplishment of a
project which Mr. Morosco entertains for
the encouragement of the best dramatic
talent. It is his design in the near future
to secure a theater in Sacramento, San
Jose, Fresno, Oakland, Marysville, etc.. to
constitute a State circuit for the compa
nies which he proposes to engage.
The Los Angeles theater will be opened
with an Eastern combination, and the
people of that city and San Francisco will
be treated to the best that is on thc'blll?.
It is Mr. Morosco's hope if the State \en
ture should prove a success to control a
Pacific Coast circuit, but that will not bo
for some time yet.
Templars' Annual Banquet.
Next Saturday night Golden Gate Com
mandery, Knights Templar, will give its
annual banquet in Golden Gate Asylum,
on Sutter street. J. S. Hendy, G. R.
Armstrong, R. R. Moore. F. W. Sumner
:ind A. W. MoKenzie are the committee
of arrangements, and it proposes to make
this one of the pleasant functions for
which this commandory is noted. After
the banquet there will be dancing in one
of the halls.
NEW CARDINALS
NAMED BY LEO
Eleven Announced at
Consistory.
TWO ARE SECRETLY CHOSEN
NOTED PRELATES ALSO RAISED
TO BISHOPS.
Among Those Given the Red Hat by
the Pope Are Archbishops
and Patriarchs at Several
European Cities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, June 19.— The Pope, at the
Consistory held this morning, created
eleven cardinals and a number of
bishops. The bishops preconeised in
clude Mgr. Elenk of Porto Rico, and
Mgr. Barnaba Aguilar of Santiago de
Cuba. The Pope, who was in good
health, delivered an address dealing
with the union of churches.
The cardinals created are:
Mgr. Joseph Francisca-Nava di Bon
tife. Papal Nuncio at Madrid.
The Archibishop of Goeritz, Austria-
Hungary.
The Archbishop of Toulouse, France.
The Latin Patriarch of Constantino
ple.
The Latin Patriarch of Antioch.
The Archbishop of Turin.
The Archbishop of Ferrar.
The Archbishop of Reggio.
Mgr. Ciasca, secretary of the Propa
ganda.
Mgr. Trombaggata, secretary of the
Congregation (Bishops and Friars).
Mpt 4 . Llenaveraa
The Pope created two cardinals in
petto secretly, whose names will be
published hereafter.
In Creat Britain there are said to be
nearly 300 religious sects. The adher
ents of the Church of England are offi
cially put down at 13,000,000. but. ac
cording to other authorities, this is <n
exaggeration. The year books and re
ports of the evangelical free churches
for ls!<.S-99 give the total sitting ac
commodations in their churches at
7 848,804, whereas the total number of
sittings in the established church is
6,886,977.
The floor of the rotunda in t.he Lon
don Coal Exchange, where the mer
chants gather, is very unique. It is
composed of inlaid wo. ids, laid in the
form of a mariner's, compass, within a
border of Creek fret. Towards of 4000
pieces of wood are employed. Almost
every British variety is included in this
scheme of decoration.
tm, IF YOU
3-j * 7 are
&nft| EMACIATED
I l\fl NUMBERS.
It does not follow that because your lungs
are weak you have consumption. It is in most
instances quite the contrary. Weak lungs may
be due to a weakness of the nerves which
govern the lungs.
It is true, however, that if you have weak
j lungs you are In danger of consumption. Your
| lungs are then in a condition to favor the
: growth and development of the consumptive
i germ, if 'you should come in contact with it.
HUDYAN is the best remedy in the world
for overcoming the above condition. HUD-
YAN will strengthen and build up your lungs.
Do you have pain or soreness in your chest
(Fig. 1-1) ? Weakness or fluttering of the
heart (Fig. 2)? Thin and pale features (Fig.
3)? Choking sensation, dry cough, or smoth-
! ering spells (Fig. 4)? Weakness of arms and
legs (Figs. 5-6)? If you do, by all means take
i HUDYAN. Other symptoms are sleeplessness,
general weakness, nervousness, irritability of
I temper.
+_ + HUDYAN will
strengthen the lungs,
 .. ami-» in this manner pre-
IVIEN AINU venting consumption.
. •_. „ HUDYAN will
WOMEN strengthen the heart,
affording better circu-
ADVISED lation through the en-
tire system. HUDYAN
FREE will increase the ap-
petite, will aid diges-
r*s»M r>r Writ** tion - Many persons
call or write. who believed tnpv were
. dying of dreaded con-
"T — : : ''"sumption, have been
rescued by the wonderful HUDYAN. HUD-
YAN gives strength to the entire body— HUD-
YAN makes rich, red blood.
HUDYAN is for Bale by druggists— soc a pack-
age or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market sts., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS
~ FOR THE
PRIMARY AND MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE PRIMARY AND
Municipal Elections is now open at the
1 office of the Registrar of Voters, at the City
Hall. McAllister-street entrance. Registration
for the purposes of the Primary Election (to
, be held on August 8, 1899) WILL CEASE JULY
22. 1899, and for the Municipal Election (to be
held on November 7, 1899) will continue to and
including October 12, 1899, when all registra-
tion will cease. All qualified electors who
were registered at the last General Election,
or who have registered since that time. AND
WHO WILL HAVE CONTINUED TO RESIDE
WITHIN THEIR RESPECTIVE ELECTION-
PRECINCTS, shall be entitled to vote at said
elections without other or additional registra-
tion. ALL OTHER PERSONS claiming to be
entitled to vote at any of the aforesaid elec-
tions must be registered upon the Register of
the City and County as an elector of and
within the election precinct wherein he claims
to be entitled to vote. Office open from 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners.
J. STEPPACHER, Registrar of Voters.
(•j^^&il r 'g Wl> * non-poisono-*
««!^M^^*^fessl remedy for Gonorrhoea.
j^VCGHEb^B Gleet, Sporma t orrhcp%
jAHFin l to&dtjf.^S Whites, unnatural .iis-
SffSm Go»rant«i ■ charges, or any inflamme-
I'm not to itHetare. - tioa, irritation or ulcerv
1* oonugion. tlcn of mucous mem-
fTWVHEEvUHSCHEMTi' Co. branes. Non-Mtrin«cnt.
iflf&J CINCINNATI,!) HBI Sold by WroßKißt*.
tHICV r/-3. A J^MT or Bent ia plain wrapper,
b __ J^«'!H " express, prepaid, fot
<v r g ttjHfTWn^k|l j, 1 .- 00 ' or 3 bottles, $2.75.
-v^m^p^V B Circular teat on iwtxsfc
>aSSDEWEY,STRONG &CO^g^
OOEWEY,STRONG&CO.>ggy
PAT F NT*; I
KM! LIN \^> >J
__33U MARKET S^£VsS^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
•trenffth to sexual organ*. Depot, US Market.
oa rr n n\/ a i Comer Fourth and
CAFE ROYtLssaf'js
Will U lIUIIIL.SC. Overcoats and
Valises checked free. '
34
COUNTERFEITER'S
OUTFIT FOUND
AT SAN RAFAEL
Discovery of Two Buried Molds
Bearing Evidence of
Recent Use.
SAN RAFAEL, June 19.— T0 nil ap- I
peorances it would seem that the
thrifty counterfeiter of Uncle Sam's,
finds Marin County a peculiarly;
favorable pasture for plying his illegal '
: ; ■:.. It was not quite a year ago
that Charles Irwin, alfas Henry
•7., was arrested and. sent to Ran
Quentin prison for having manufac
tured bogus money, his place of opera
tion being a ravine, on the northern !
Rafael hill. To- lay another
count - vered not
a half-mile from where Irwin's
were cached, every indication
■ ent use.
While James Thrapp, an employe of
the Eucalyptus Oil Works, was trim
s m the C< h man tract near
ih<> broad-gauj I, he notici
the f "■? of a shrub in a I . uulch
of earth freshly turned. Up
g some of the earth with thi
- shoe Tbrapp discovered the hell
of a die i r moid used in counterfeit
ing. Taking a stick he made a con
. not only found the ■ thi r
half of tli" die. but an< ther mold. On<
used to coin dollars and bon I
the other to make $5 gold
■1 had on his face the date
' ' ■ ■ I clean where
• d by t he dirt and bear a
Btriki blance to the apparatus
of [rwin.
Later in the day Thrapp found a bm
tle of acid buried near where he had
found the molds and several bottles of
the same fluid In a small, ramshackle
cabin near by, | ted as a :
of human habitation.
The workman brought what he had
! to town and gave them Into the
—ifn of his attorney, J. W. Coch-
The authorities were notified and
ar>- making an Investigation. It is said
: r several weeks a stranger lias
be< n prowling ai ound the
borhood of the cabin and he would
ys tak>- a contrary direction when
anybody appi I N - ■ rous spuri
ous dollars and $5 pieces have
FINDS A HUGE
REEF OF QUARTZ
Remarkable Strike at
Atlin City.
"SAILOR BILL'S" DISCOVERY
*
MILLIONS OF TONS READY FOR
QUARRYING.
Reports Which, if Verified, Would
Make That District the Great
est Mining Center in the
World.
•
VICT< »RIA. .1 Y. J. Partr!
Bill," wlio ar
rived ■ •!! the steamer Tees from Atlin,
lias found a mountain of quartz in tlv
h assays high
nd which has an almost un
limited supply of rock available for the
stamp [f the plans which Pan
Intend ■ impany in
London are carried out and this find
developed it will make Atlin the great
est camp known In th<' mining history
of the
Partridge has re] m VA E.
Stuart, ill" American mining engineer;
Jame: Lamare, a Parisian .-xii'Tt, and
W. Hyde, M. E.. which show that the
find is wonderfully rich ore. The find
is on a vein from 200 ti ■ 300 feet in width,
which in its cours* is Intersected by
Atlin City. The quartz is a true fissure 1
of free-milling ore of hanging walla of
htine and a footwall ut quartzite.
The largest assay gives 827 In value,
but the a \ erage is i nly $&.
Stuart, who was formerly connected
with Borne t >i ar American mines, says in
Ins report, which was shown to The
Call correspondent by Partridge, there
is approximately 17,000,000 tons i
for quarrying. It is unnecessary to
mine.
"While this fipoms preposterous," th" ;
engineer says, "the Burface showings j
Justify me In making this Estimate, it i
free milling, white quartz, carry- I
ing gold and galena,"
The Treadwell, Stuart pays, Ls a mere
Btringer compared to it. Latnare says
millions of tons could be quarried. He
suggested that 100 stamp be put In to '
Btari with. It would improve with
depth, and the Treadwell would I>p in-
Eignificant beside it.
Partridge is going tn London to make
arrangements for develop?
TEHUANTEPEC ROAD
WILL BE REBUILT
Mexico to Acquire Facilities for
Handling International
Freight.
CITY OF MEXICO, June 19.— 1t Is an
nounced that the Oovernmeni has con
• ■
holders of the bonds of the National Te
huantepec Railroad, which crosses the
isthmus of the same Hum-, and ii;i s In
structed Pea son & Bens, the contractors,
to begin work under the contract made
time ago to rebuild tho line in a sub
stantial manmr and commence work oil
two new ports to be created at Zalina
Cruz, on the Pacific Bide, ami at Coatza
. oalcos, "ii the coast.
This work Is of great commercial ami
strategical* importance. It will <-.ist. many
millions of dollars and give Mexico facili
ties for doing a gri at trade In Inter
national freight. Several large English
companies have been formed tor business 1
here, and copper will 1"- inlnr-rl by two
new L«ondon companies with nearly $3,*j0,
--000 capital.
The Minister of Public Works is consid
ering the application for a concession for
a great iron works to be established at
berey, with $10,000,000 capital. In ad- j
to the Lainpasas Iron mines, be
longing to the Patrick Mllmoa estate,
there are two Iron mlr^s nrar Monclova, |
•which will be In the combination.
One prominent member of the concern
is Eugene Kelley of New York.
YOUNG ROUGHS IN JAIL.
San Francisco Picnickers in Trouble
at San Jose.
BAN JOflß, June IS.— A half doz^n
young roughs, who "amp down from San
Francisco on the Red Branch Rifles' ex
cursion yesterday, are experiencing a
forced summer vacation of ten days at
tbe county Jail. The boys range In years
taken in both at the Sausalito pool
rooms and at Schuetzen Park picnics.
BOGUS MONEY UNEARTHED.
LOR ANGELES, June 19.— Deputy
United States Marshal McCulloch made
an important find to-day. He succeed
ed in uncovering a large number of bo
gus gold coins that had been stored un
der a house on East First street. The
represent $3500. The Secret
Service became aware of the existence
of the counterfeit money a few week
when an attempt was made to
pass a bogus $■' piece upon a woman in
Chinatown. The two men engaged In
the transaction escaped before they
i be apprehended.
McCulloch's investigations led to a
trail which divulged the fact that the
i ount had unloaded their stock
upon a purchaser of green goods. This
man was shadowed for weeks. Bvi
tly he became aware that the offl
cers had him "spotted." The coins are
not such as to dei ■■:■ ■ a person with or
dinary Intelligence. The workmanship
is fair, but the weight extremely light.
are not gilded.
SANTA BARBARA, June 19.— Sheriff
Stewart received weird from Pismo,
r San Luis Obispo, to-day, thai
Deputies Cronin and Stewart unearthed
a buried counterfeiting outfit and $240
in counterfeit money upon information
given by John Thompson, alias Charles
Raymond, arrested a week ago at Los
Olivos and placed in jail here for hav
passed counterfeit money. The
ities also arrested a partner of
Thompson, at work at Pismo. There
lias been a great deal of counterfeit
money, all in silver dollars, circuleted
throughout the country hereabouts.
The coins are well made, showing hard
ly a fault in the dies, but they are a
in: 1 " lighter than the genuine and
>■•■■. -in over polished.
COINER CAPTURED.
from 16 to 20. Tins sext< t. with five small
mpanions, raidi d McLellan's Ice
m and candy stand at Agricultural
and were caught by 1 tepui y SI -
Dreisi mayi r and Mar' in. Th<
ised from jail in tim
■ ■;' t rain i
• . befori Justice Rn
-1 to-day. Sam i "ex. two John
Browns. Al Wilson and Mathew Brady
with ma!i<i, mis mischief.
■ d Landbi rg, who had stolen a l l
from \V. A. Farrell, was
•■ I wish petty larceny. As they
ire the Judge they were hand
d in pairs. The entire six ent< red
of not guilty. Their trials were set
29 and bail ted al $10. This
long v. :i ! ' for trial caused the boj
Ity, and Justice
1 thai grave them ten days in jail or
of $10. Th< y all went to fall.
CHILD CRUSHED BY
HAMMOCK POST
Accident That Is Likely to Resitlt in
the Death of a Twelve-
Year-Old Girl.
SAUSALITO, Juno 19.— Through an ac
of a mosi peculiar nature little'
Ihrman of Waldo Point received in
juries yesterday evening which will prnb
ably end in the loss pi her lif<-. A play
■ l I [ilda Bchloh was painfully
■ ■ • i'liisly injured.
Salie's father, who la an employe of the
Pacific Musi.- Company of Ban FVanc
lives on the Hungerford place,
Waldi The i hild, who is only 12
old, was Bwinging in a hammock
with her i . who is two years ■
•r. i >]]•■ of th< ropi b sustaining th.'
hammock wan fastened to a large oak
nd the other to a post supporting a
dove ' ' te. The post appeared Btrong and
nobody expected it. to give way, but while
the children were prattling in $?!'■'■ over a
partj they had planned the post suddenly
toppled over and the dove cote fell li^av
ily iiiuiTi thorn. Salif's right Iftr was frac
tured and her back broken, while her
playmate's scalp was laid open In two
3 and a rib was broken <>n the left j
side.
While not seriously hurt, Hilda was
rendered Insensible by the blow on the
head. The screams of little Salic brought •
her mother and friends rushing to the
scene. Dr. Mays was summoned, and
aft'-r .in examination pronounced the
Schloh girl ii"! Beriously hurt, but ex- i
pressed grave fears for the Ihrman girl.
She was very low to-day, and the < 1.
of her rebovery are nn<' in fifty.
SUICIDE OF A FAMOUS
YELLOW FEVER EXPERT
Despondency Owing to Supposed Lack
of Appreciation Causes Surg-eon
Summers to Shoot Himself.
ST. LOUIS, June 19.- Dr. Thomas Os
mond Summers, late major Burgeon in
charge of the fever hospital .-it Santiago
and a noted yellow fever expert, sh<>t
himself through the head here this even-
Ing. Despondency caused by a fancied
lack cf appreciation of his services by
the Goyernmen* during the Spanish war
Is assigned as th< cause for the rash act.
l »r. Summers was the author <<f stand
ard medical works ami his successful
treatment of yellow fever during the
M' mjiliis eptdemii of 1878 gave him a na
tional reputation. Dr. Summers was pro
' of anatomy in the St. 1-ouis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons. The
d ed was committed in his lecture room
as he stood faring a grinning skeleton
which lie used in illustrating his lectures.
GAGE AT PLACERVILLE.
Governor to Inspect the State Road
to Lake Tahoe.
PLACERVILLE, June 19. — Governor I
Cage, accompanied by State Highway
Commissioner J. L. Maude, arrived In this
city this evening. The Governor will
leave to-morrow, accompanied by Mr.
Maude and M. Varoza, commissioner of
the Lake Tahoe State wagon road, to in
spect the State road between this city
and Lake Tahoe.
Th. last Legislature appropriated $34,000
'or salaries, maintenance and improve
ment of the road (or the fifty-first and
fifty-second fiscal years. A large bridge i
spanning the American River at Riverton
Will be built this summer. This road for
the past two seasons has been a favorite j
route with tourists visiting- Tahoe and j
other points of interest in that vicinity I
McHinley in Bay State.
HOT. YOKE, Mass., June 19.—Notwith
standing that the day has been a long
and tedious one, both the President and
Mrs. McKlnley Btood the strain incident
to the great demonstration at Northamp
ton and the lourney back to Holyoke very
well indeed. Thr- trip to Mount Tom In
the afternoon was a welcome change from
the turmoil of the morning, while the
quiet hours were a fitting climax to the
busy day.
Makes a Motorcycle Record.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tmt
Herald. Copyrighted, lb:*9, by James Gor
don Bpnnf-tt.
PARIS, June 19.— M. Feront has estab
lished a motorcycle record by groing from
Paris to Brest and back in forty hours,
twenty-six minutes and four seconds. His
average speed was thirty kilometers an
hour. ,
THE SAX FTCAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 1599.
WOMEN THROW
BRICKS AT CARS
Assist the Strikers at
Cleveland.
RIOTING BREAKS OUT ANEW
MOTORMAN AND PATROLMEN
INJURED.
City Council Passes an Ordinance
Requiring the Company to
Employ Experienced
Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, June 19.— Up to 4
o'clock this afternoon this promised to
be the most uneventful day in the big
strike. At that hour another serious
riut broke out in an entirely new quar
ter and one non-union man was sent
to the hospital in consequence.
The company began to-day the opera
tion of two new lines — those on ScoVille
and Centra] avenues. The cat's were
I protected by policemen. Just before 4
o'clock two of the Scovllle-aVenue cars
approached the crossing of the Penn
sylvania Railroad. There they were
I met by a mob of more than 2000 men
| and wofheh. One of the cars was taken
across the railroad safely, but the other
was held up by the mob. A perfect
shower of paving bricks and stones fell
about the car and crashed against the
. vestibule at the Eront end, behind which
the motorfnan was concealed. Women
threw bricks and handed them to the
, who were in the front of the
crowd. The windows <>f the car had
been lowered and the, bricks crashed
against the seats and fell upon the
floor of the car. The conductor es
caped injury, but the motormah, A. J.
McGrew of St. L<>uis. was struck on
: the head with a brick and rendered un- I
conscious. He was taken to a hospi
tal. The* patrolman on the ear was hit I
by a bri< k.
A call was made for the police, but
\vh< n a del nt of officers arrived
the mob had dispersed and no arrests
wt re made.
A demonstration, which had l n
planned for to-nighi to Influence the
I City Council in favor of an ordinance
prohibiting the employment of motor
men \\h" have not had ten days' ex
perience operating cars in this city,
■ consisted of a parade in the down
town streets, with torchlights, drum
corps and bass bands. A crowd of
sembled, but all of them
rlid not parade. The crowd was dem
onstrative, bul not disorderly.
At the meeting of the Council there
vas a scene of gjreal disorder. The !
ry and lobby of the chamber were
packed by a large crowd and every
speaker who was inclined to give the
: railroad company a fair show was
hissed. This continued until Mayor
Farley made a sp< h in which he
declared that he did not propose to sub
mit to intimidation. The ordinance
fixing the requirements for motormen
was passed under a suspension of the
rules. The resolution was adopted
requesting the Corporation Counsel to
report whether the franchises of the
company could iwt be forfeited if it
failed to run cars on all its lines.
GRAIN FIRE NEAR WINTERS.
Match Dropped in a Load of Hay
Starts a Conflagration.
WOODLAND, June 19.— A special to the
Democrat from "Winters says: A grain
Held fire occurred on the farm of Ed
Graff, three miles north of this place, be
nd ( i o'clock Saturday evening.
William Burrows and A. D. Johnson were
hauling hay from the Graff place to the
farm Of J. F. 'SrifTiri. a distance of about
three miles. They had the wagon loaded
and were driving through the field, when
they discovered that- the hay In th<^ rear
'end of the wagon was on lire. The whole
wagon and contents w< re soon totally de
stroyed, and one of the mules was badly
scorched before the men could unhitch the
team.
Tlie tire was scattered along the route
traveled by the wagon, and the growing
grain In the Held was soon on fir" and
vast destruction was threatened. By the
hard work of those at the scene and Lhe
assistance of the fin- extinguisher brigade
of this place, which hastened to the fire
as soon as the alarm was given, tne
flames were finally extinguished, but not
until twenty-five acres of growing wheat
had been destroyed.
.M~r. Graff owned the grain, ami it was
partially insured. Mr. (JriHin owned the
wagon and contents and the mules. The
origin of the tire is not known, but it. is
presumed that it started from a match
which had been accidentally dropped In
the wagon.
TO VISIT THE QUARRIES.
Board Will Inspect Marble and Gran-
ite for the Postoffice Building.
WASHINGTON*, June in. The Treasury
Department has decided to appoint a]
commission to visit the quarries arid in-:
vestigate th*» marble and granite pro
[. ■ : by various bidders for t!ir> construc
tion of the Sati Francisco Postofflce build-
Ing. Chief Architect Kemper said to The
• 'nil correspondent 16-dfty thai the hoard!
; would consist ff three Treasury Depart
ment officials, two of whom had already
been selected, namely W. J. Roberts, Su
; perintendent of Postofflce Qulldihgs, and
Cabelle Wjiitehe.ad, assayer of thp San
Francisco Mint. The third member of the
Exhibits at Paris.
There will be a large exhibit from this coun- '
try at the Paris, Exposition In lflOfl, which will i
prove, very Interesting to nil who may attend.
but no more so than the news that the famous
American remedy, Hoßtetter's Stomach Bitters,
will positively cure dyspepsia, indigestion, con
stipation, biliousness and nervousness. To all !
sufferers of the above complaint a trial is
recommended, with the assurance that when
honestly used a cure will be effected. It als )
tones up the entire system.
5 Don't fait to try ♦
i BEEGHAH'S PILLS |
3 BkbUiiMlTl a rILLv J
+ when suffering from any bad *•
T condition of the Stomach *
X •■".-' Of Liver. +
.5. lOccnts nnrt 25 cents, nt drugstores. T
knitJtingdd.
103 POST ST., NEAR KEARNY, S. F.
tßuy From Headquarters.
« BATHING
jJ!h : 'v / Alpaca and 0 1 1 1 T C
jj|l\% Knitted. OUI I 0
ffllj\\ Sweaters, Jerseys, Etc
-^*» '*—^ We knit to order
**^~9kT UNDERWEAR
*' ir^^l. In Silk. Wool and Linen
-* s=^5 =^- Mesh.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue, Free.
board has not as yet been selected. He
will be chosen by Assistant Secretary
Taylor, who has charge of public build
ings.
LOS ANGELES TO VOTE
ON WATER QUESTION
Election to Be Called in Accordance
With the Recent Award of
Arbitrators.
LOS ANGELES, June 19.— Opportunity
will be given the citizens to ■vote upon the
acquisition of waterworks. The City Coun
cil this morning received the following
recommendation from the City Attorney:
"I submit herewith an ordinance of in
tention to acquire possession of certain
water works improvements, ami to con
struck headworns, conduit, reservoir and
main pipe line. I Introduce this ordinance
at the present time as it becomes neces
sary for the city of Los Angeles to take
a decided stand in the matter of water
litigation, to proceed to carry out the
terms of the award heretofore made by
the arbitrators."
Accompanying this was a draft of the
ordinance to call a special election to vote
upon the issue of bonds in sufficient
When requested, the Resorts m?ntioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rate*,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great .Sanitarium of the West,
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un- j
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, .deer and
email game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Beached by the shortest stage route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San FrB"."tsco
via Hopl: ..d, $8: via Calistoga, $9.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
S. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For illustrated i ( am-
phlet or further information address J. CRAIG, ;
Highland Springs; Lake County. Cal., or see j
I. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery Ft.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN A BULLWINKEL,
62Q Post St., San Francisco.
3*a iff ¥ |("*lc'^
iSt 8 ! White
BOyl Walls
are plainly seen from the sun parlor
of HOTEL VENDOME. as the guest
looks toward Mount Hamilton over the
broad* expanse of valley and foothills
covered with fruit, flowers and flowing
grain. VENDOME is the pleasure- .
seekers* home.
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr.. San Jo?", Cal.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRIHGS
Sonoma County: only 4<4 hours from San |
Francisco and but 8 miles" staging; water?
noted for meClclnal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho- j
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally i
mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND |
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon ;
etnges; round trip from San Francisco only
15 60 Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3: JO
p. m. Terms, »2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erence?, any guest of the past four yeari.
Patronage constantly Increasing— year un-
precedented. J. F. MULOREW. Proprietor.
j^ BYRON HOT SPRINGS !
Tri^. You can go r.s late i
£ * t Hl' <^\ as 5:30 p.m. Saturday
,-cfy--^I W and be in yourofliceoi
,'' jjjjH '"if- Monday morning by
iV-»- • Cwj'l 8:45. A fine trip. Try
i^iiv-fifls|jJ* k' it. Address
/*% A. BETTENS, Mgr.
v'w l ; Byron Hot Springs, Cal. '
INDEPENDENCE- LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patron*. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of . an unbroken
forest The Ideal spot for families because It
is clean no poison oak, no pests. And pure
air anil pure water. Address MRS. 11. M.
CLEMONS, Independence Lake.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GfITOS.
Just opened; new building: handsome furni-
ture; 60 outside rooms; every modern conven-
ience; electric bells and lighting; perfect sani-
tary plumbing. Strictly first-class family and
commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
guests first consideration. Cuisine and service
unsurpassed. Commodious free sample room.
LYMAN H. TOLFREE, Proprietor.
POPE HOUSE.
IDEAL FAMILY RESORT; electric cars to
beach. MRS. A. POPE, Santa Cruz.
THE HOYA RETREAT fllTf^V S*
water. Hunting. Magnificent location. Good
cheer and home comforts. Good board, with
all the delicacies of the season. For terms ad-
dress MRS. : PORTER T. PEABODY, Gilroy,
Cal. ' .
PLANTATION. HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stasa Una.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream anil
milk: free conveyance for. parties of two. or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F.. for par-
ticulars. | ■ ■ ■-
MONTE VISTA,
• In the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Now open.
Come to the country for the summer. Low
rates. Send for or call at The Traveler office
for Illustrated circulars. THOS. E. MORGAN.
Proprietor, Monte Vista, Dutch Flat, Placer
County, Cal. •
MENDENHALL SPRINGS.
Under new management;. 2000. feet above sea;
stage connects with train at Llvermore at 2:15
p. m. ; fare from San Francisco, $2 25; rates,
J7 50 to $12 50 per week: half price for children
under 12 ypnrs old. For circulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor, Livermore, Cal.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
amount to enable the city to carry out its
part of the now famous thirty-year con
tract and to pay the Los Angeles City
Water Company the awarded price for the
corporation's improvements upon the
city's property.
WILL BE DRIVEN SHOREWARD.
Stranded Liner Paris May Be Broken
Up by a Gale.
FALMOUTH. England. June 19.— The
American nner Paris, on the rooks nTir
The Manacles, experienced to-day the
first southeasterly gale which has blown
since she #aa Wrecked. This compelled
the salvagers to desert the wreck. The
divers had succeeded in blasting away the
rocks and had cleared the steamer of wa
ter above her false bottom, when the
storm came up and drove them off. It is
now feared that the liner will be forced
further ashore and broken in two.
Summer School Opens.
PACIFIC GROVE. June 19.— The second
annual session of the Pacific Coast Sum
mer School opened at this place to-day
with a large number of students and fac
ulty members from Stanford University.
Nothing' bovond the arrangement of
} {
Paso Rubles Soda — fresh from ,'
1 bubbling, effervescing spring — Ji
coming up from Nature's drug-
< store, compounded and charged
/ to cure the sic'<.
Paso Robles
Soda Spring,
This sparkling beverage is
served at the table — drink all
[• you want of it. Puts an edge
', on your appetite, aids diges-
i tion and promotes nutrition. j
i Otto E. Never, Prop, City Office,
Paso Robles, Cal 636 Market st. \ ;
; M
i
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
»lLTfy H \ Nice cozy cottages
Ili I lill I under the trees;
ODD I MHO I dining ' room in
5 I H I ft U M ' separata buildin
Apply W. G. MITCHELL. Aetna Springs,
Napa Co., or J. H. SIMPSON, I. O. O. F.
building, S. F.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM URIAH, KENDO-
eIno County. Natural : electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lv. >tly grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Sprit.it • Accommodations and table
first-class. 3. v REDEMETER & CO.. Props.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also In new cottage*. Just
completed.
MRS. A. T. /VIOORE.
BUAg BELVi.DEKB.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address. MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Mann County, Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen,
Sgnoma County; also 20 completely furnished
E-room cottages; good boating, • fishing and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water tor all diseases In America; camping
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell, 1021% Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
SUMMER HOME FARM:
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, -huntlns and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming:
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round.. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, ■ 'th one of the best
tables in the county; JlO to $12 per week. Round
trip. $0 CO. 9. F. ahd N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WIL' ON, Bertha. Lake
County, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
fl2 per week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
ente Springs, Aqua Caliente. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
HOTEL BENUENUE
And cottages. Lakeport, Cal.— Large grounds-
new dancing pavilion, Sox4o; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard: swimming,
boating, . elegant yacht free; children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
JOHANNisBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING. PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder. 2100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, .{6 to (10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBEHO
RESORT. Oakvtlle, Napa County, Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good tishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms.
$7. E. M. SHEL.FORD. Cloverdale, Cal.
Free carriage.
classes was accomplished to-day, the reg
ular work to begin to-morrow. CQursea
in Greek, Latin, German Anglo-Saxon,
French Spanish, Italian, English, mathe
matics, history and education were
opened, the registration in all being large.
The summer school will hold an eight
weeks session, divided into two terms of
three and five weeks, respectively. The
school is managed by a board of directors,
composed of B. A. Eardley.O. S. Trimmer.
M.D . Professor R. L. Sandwick and Rev.
Dr Thomas Fibben, all of Pacmc Gro\e.
CONVENTION OF THE ELKS.
Marching Herds Cheered Upon Arri
val in St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., June If.— The thirty- j
first annual convention and reunion of
the Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks begins in this city to-jnorrow. All
day long and to-night delegates of the
antlered tribe from all sections of the
country arrived at the various depots and
marched to the quarters assigned them
at different hotels. A conservative
mate to-night places the arrivals at 4000
and by to-morrow night it is expectt-d
this number will be augmented by at <
least 10 000 more. In addition to this im
mense host probably 20.000 or 25,000 strang
SANTA CATAUNA
ISLAND.
ZM. Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catallna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to |
Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring et..
Los Angeles, Cal.. or call on G. W. THOMP-
SON. Agent, 621 Market St., San Francisco.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thlr delightful watering place Is located In j
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con- *
nections, electric lights. livery accommodation; i
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip '
ticket* at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
ft £1 PI A IA ft HOT. SPRINGS. — This
UilirH i\*|| beautiful euminer. and
IMIbHImiiI w 'nter resort. now
B niifll W owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, Is situated
160 miles couth of San Francisco. In the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000. feet.
The climate 19 soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good j
hunting and fishing: grand Fcenery; lovely i
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc- !
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others I
remaining more than one month. Trains dally j
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m. j
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by J
ttape to Paraiso.) Round trip, $8. For further |
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office. 256 Sutter St.. S. F.
MAKE NO MISTAKE:
SARATOGA SPRINGS are located in
LAKE COUNTY. Take train to URIAH,
thence by easy* staging through Blue
Lake Pass. . The most picturesque
health resort in California. Round trip
$9 50. Rates— sB 00. $14 a week. •
.1. Martens, prop : city of flee. 41G Pine st.
Tin Place for AnnTJ A TJTV 11 the FOOT -
RESTandO CHARDHiLL E 3 R 9
HEALTH SPRINGS .2°MBS.
X illl ' VW the C. P.R.R.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Tear
Around Climate in California-
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad.
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck. Sisklyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on th» coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
EON BROS.. Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND I
p. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. .O.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris. Prop.. Napa County, Cal. Bur»
cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. The««
cprings »re located In Napa County, 20 m!Ie«
cast of St. Helena. The water is bottled at
the iprlngs and contains Its own natural gas.
Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate: picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives-
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
- % c - TOGALOMA. M *«.
BERTRAND — First-class accommo-
dations: reasonable rates; fishing- beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or Winchester Hotel Dlnlng-roora.
first floor. 58 Third St.. Sun Francisco.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
homo. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-live minutes from San
Francisco. Table under i>er»oua! care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
Every day; $50 for. 12 'day's from S. F. : eight
days In valley. Information at the Traveler
Office, 20 Montgomery St. Tickets at tha
Valley Road Office. 321 Market st.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State: the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, 110. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER.: Adam Spring.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior ! accommodations ■ and lowest • rates
via the "Valley Road" route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS. Traffic Dept.,
321 Market . St.. San Francisco.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R., the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. U. MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor, Cal- -
ers will be in St. Louis to witness the
parade and other festivities of the week.
The city is decorated from end to end
with purple and white* bunting and Old
Glory nutters from innumerable flag
staffs. • ...
To-night the streets are crowded with.
marching delegations, headed by bands
playing inspiring airs. Big crowds line
the sidewalks, cneeririg the herds of Elks
as they go marching by.
Old Soldier's Sudden Death.
SANTA ROSA. June 19.— John K. Hor
rod of Forestville expired suddenly in a
Chair at his residence this morning. Heart
failure was the cause. He was an old
soldier and distinguished himself in sev
eral battles. He was a native of Ohio.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC FORT?.
TACOMA— Arrived June 13— Stmr t'matilla,
hence June 1"; strar Orizaba, from Dyea.
Sailed June 19— Stmra City of Seattle and
Orizaba, for Dyea; Br ship Foyledale, for
Livecpi 01.
PORT m.AKEr.ET— Sailed June 19— Schr
challenger, for Pedro.
FnRT BRAGG— ArrIrW June 19— Stmr Se
quoia, hence June IS.
BOWEN9 LANDING— SaiIed June IS— Srhrs
Corinthian and Mary Ktta. for San Fran.-
FREE CAMPING
Ideal campinj? spots all alonp the main
line, Sonoma and Guernevllle branches of
the California North-western Railway
(lessee San Francisco an»i North Paciflo
! Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
j road, a few picturesque spots especially*
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to Baa
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles alonar
Sonoma Creek, beautfTully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing; and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Elien, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guernevilla
j branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
jby Mark West Creek, which is now
I dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
; for two miles, and good fishing. Man In
I charge.. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guerneville. in the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, Is
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men's Association, of G'uerneville, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will je
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell. proprietor of the livery- stable at
Guerneville. representing the association,
will meet all trains, and without charge
will show prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from all these points double
daily train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office. 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office, Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Apt.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPKINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paraiso Springs), Prop, and Mans
The hotel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated— furniture, beds, carpets, eto.
The Table the best the market affords. The
Baths refitted and — competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
tified. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
Have Third and Townsend sts., S. F., at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Ollroy for
the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gllroy Hot Springs, Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda. Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good;
■$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage
meets morning trains «nd Sat. eve. FRERE tie
JUERCSENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office, 912 Larkln st.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths; furnished cottages.
Terms, $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOffELL. Hopland. Cal.
BOC/\ HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THP3
TRUCKEE RIVER; pleasant sunny rooms;
pure mountain air: free bo: tine on lake;
prices reasonable, *S to $10 per week; special
rates for families. W. J. McDON-.LD. Man-
ager ■ • —
r*DI CD ill-Most beautiful spot in Laka
L AKLSIIAU County. The mineral springs an»
famous for marvelous cures when all elsa
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney, and
bladder affections. c Superior accommodations.
*m wr week Fine roads, trout fishing
R.r'hunUnß Write W. R. McQOVERN. Carls-
bad. Lake County.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate scenery, entertainment; none bettee
in Lake Co.: gas indoors «* ""t^,^
Montgomery Sulphur Springs.
Natural hot mineral baths. Good country
board Rates $6 and $7 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY. Callstoga. Cal.
«//-kd=:)|*| r f San Francisco to Chi-
V UOLITII 1 ■->• nese by railway.
Th=nce by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. Singls
fare, in either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS. Agent. 19 Montgomery St.. Pan Francisco.
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to spend vacati< n address F.
QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Sonoma Co., Cal.
MANZANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or t
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzantta Villa.
...DO NOT...
1 Be Without
"THE CALL"
During: Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting ihs
country, seaside or springs during: the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying forsam)
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
" ...TERMS...
15 Cents.. pep Week
65 Cents .......pen Month
POSTAGE PREPAID.ROBBERS LOOT
A CAR OFFICE
Daring Raid Made at
Fairmount Park.
MEN ARE BOUND AND GAGGED
FOUR THOUSAND DOLLARS
TAKEN BY THE BANDITS.
Clever and Swift Work of a Party
of Masked Desperadoes and
Cracksmen Near Phila
delphia.
■ Disi a-tch tn The r> a ii.
PHILADELPHIA, .Tun* 19.— A pane
i robbers, probably ten In
. raided the receiving offl f
QOUni Park Transportation
at Belmont, in Fairmount
Park, and after holding up the receiver
five other employes of the railroad,
open the safe, securing $4000, the
nys receipts for two days.
Frank Leavan, rec< Iver; Frank Wat
' ■ Henrj B. Whitehouse, conduc-
James Cavanaugh, fireman of the
rhoust*; Philip Caves, electrician,
William Cadmus, laborer, were
bound hand and foot with wire. In
tion to th>' men who actually com
id the robbery, others operated
- away from the scene by destroy
ing telegraph and telephone wires con
necting with the trolley company's
main ■
rmount Park Trnnsportation
ites various lines of
trolh ■ ■ igh thi park for plt-as
u i- . - riders. The traffic being unusually
■ Saturdays and Sundays, the
evidently decided upon this
- ■:- being a good time to make
tl. The men named were all
;n ii. ■ hen the burglars made
mcc. Each intruder was
Ith two revolvers, and tKey
1 • iployes completely by Hur-
It was the work «'f a few mo
for the robbers to pinion the
men, whn were rolled over to one
:" ;!i- room with their faces to
the wall. In ten minutes the safe had
Iced and the pang disap-
The entire city detective force Is on
but th>"> cracksmen left no
!i. the night receiver, one
• ■:" the mci ; hound hy the
this story of his experi-
"While T was standing at the office
door 1 heard footsteps in the rear.
Turning. I saw two men with masks on
■ - They had two bis; re
rs and took me into the conduc
and tied my hands and feet
with wire and laid me on the floor with
■ ■-■• wall. In the condui tors'
1 saw Whitehouse, who was
being bound and gagged. When
lid on ihe floor a man was de
i to guard us. In a few minutes
mother victim, who, l think.
was Watson, a conductor, and he went
.Lrh the same thine. Then two
more came in and were bound. The
biirclnr? worked quietly. It only took
ten minutes to blow "pen the
Tli° guards frequently threatened
tn phont us if we made the least outcry
or motion. I think they must have
b wagon to take away the cash.
use It was very heavy. Shortly
money was taken our guar<ls
Finally Philip Eaves, the elec
j t himself loosened and he
-■ n*c\ us. T tried to reach the
, ■ [re, but the wires of both
been cut, and I had to
.-- pitch dark cross-country to the
nt pumping station, where I
•he alarms and they informed the
res."
' iffert and Charles Smith, who
they live in Newark, X. .T., and Al
: ■ Philadelphia were ar-
I i n Fairm.iunt Park on suspicion
of h<Mng concerned in the robbery.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Among Regulars and Volun
teer Officers in This De
partment.
WASHINGTON. .Inn* 1 19.— 8y direction
r.f the Assistant Secretary of War. Hoe-
Steward <'harles W. Cramer, San
••■7... will be sent to San Fran
. and will report upon arrival there
commanding general, Department
of California, who will assign him to
the Hospital Corps detach
ment on rimy with the battalion of Twen
■i, United States Infantry whirh is
10 take ptution a 1 Manila. Hospital Stew
ard Aflhford Twigg, Fort Douglas. T'tah,
will accompany Company A, Twenty
fourth l.i: - Infantry, from that
• ■ San Francisco.
r William Monaghan, additional
paymaster, United States Volunteers.
I ,rt.-ti 1.1 the paymaster general
of the army, will proceed from this city
rtland, Or., and report in person to
mmandlng general. Department of
Columbia, f"r duty pertaining to the
. n1 of mustered-out volunteers re
■u- from Manila. On the completion
- duty and notification from the pay
■ g Major Monaghan will
Pd to San Francisco and report to
ommanding general. Department of
for temporary duty.
■ illowing a. Mint,' assistant surgeonß.
States army, will proceed from
.i to San Francisco and
■ commanding general, De
t of California, for assignment to
Iliam Greymiiler, from New-
Pa.; .Io)in R. Hereford, fmm
Haden fi Louis. Mo.; J<>hn A. Metzger,
. pa.; H. H. Rutherford,
Mo.; Charles H. Steams,
m. Mo.
Welcome N Powell will, after his re
■• , Hospital Corps at the
; ■ : Savannah, Ga., l>e ap
. acting hospital steward. He
will !. the Presidio of San Frail
ami will report upon his arrival
mmandlng general, De
partment of California, for assignment to
duty in thai department.
Major William W. Gilbert, paymaster.
rmy, is relieved from fur
ther duty in the Department of the Gulf
•■ San Francisco and
■•:.r.rt iii persi to the commanding gen
eral, Depa California, for duty,
tain ''haii.s L. Hodges, Twenty-fifth
■ ! States Infantry, will proceed to
I 'a I ' tain Joseph
P O'Netl, Twenty-fifth infantry, from re
crulting duty In that 1 Ity. Captain O'Nell
will proceed to San Francisco and report
to the commanding general. Department
ilifornla, for assignment to tempo
rary duty pending the arrival of his regi
• in 'hat dty.
Pensions have been grnnthed as follows- <
California: Orlglnal-^John \V. Hutchin- 1
I'ine Grove. $12. Increase— Joseph I
nover. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
■ John A. WVst, San Diego, $fi to I
$10; Iren J. Lemasters, Soldiers' Home
Los Angeles. $ f i to $8; Merrill .7. Went- '
worth xountvllle, 16 to $8. H< i*sup— Rich- i
ard D. Duriphy. Vallejo, Jin. Original!
widows, etc. (reissue)— oarah A. Hodge '
ego, $s.
Oregon: original widow, etc.— Xancy L, I
Reynolds Grants Pass. $R.
Washington: Original— John Bothnll, $12 ;
Increase— John Kurtz. Goldendale, $s t<. tS
David Cheney Passes Away.
SANTA ROSA. June 18.— David Cheney,
. . f the best known pioneers of this
section, a brother of Judge Cheney <>t
Sonoma, Is dead at his home In Green
Valley. He was a native of Illinois,
aged 64.
TELEPHONE LINE
OF BARBED WIRE
Farmers ground Le Grand to Put
in a UQique System of
CommuQication.
STOCKTON, June 19.— The rural community in and around the vil
lage of Le Grand, a few miles out on the Valley line, proposes to have
a telephone system of its own. Some time ago the originators of the anti
monopoly enterprise asked the Sunset Telephone Company to extend its
lines to their booming section, but the company did not think the line
would pay sufficient dividends, and so curtly refused the petition. At
first the Le Grandites were mad, hut later they did some thinking, with
the result that they evolved a scheme which, if followed in other farm
ins sections, will turn many a dollar from the coffers of the corpora
tion.
'Their independence is due to the fact that barbed wire is the pre
vailing material used for fences and the wire will carry an electrical
current. They have engaged the services of an expert electrician, who
is putting in the necessary connections and attachments and all tests
made so far indicate that the line will give as much satisfaction as
though it had been erected by the telephone octopus.
Following the Valley railroad track is a continuous barb wire fenoe
from I-egrande to Merced, with branches running tn every direction.
Through the courtesy of the railroad a switchboard will be put in one
of the depot rooms and a fairly good system rigged up.
The people of Le Grand are quite enthusiastic over the scheme and are
contributing liberally to the cost of building. No trouble in the opera
tion of the line during the dry senson is expected, but some provision
must he made for the rainy period, as the damp posts would "ground"
the circuit. The scheme is not an experiment, as the electrician who is
putting in the system has put several into successful operation in the
Kastern States. The farmers' families are much elated over the facilities
which the line will afford them to indulge in social conversations at
long range.
NO CONTROVERSY
DURING BATTLE
Occurrences on Bridge
of Brooklyn.
SCHLEY AND HODGSON'S TALK
DANGER OF RUNNING INTO THE
TEXAS POINTED OUT.
: Comment on the Conduct of the Ad
miral Causes Investigation
and a Report to the Navy
Department.
Special Dispatch to 7h* rail.
WASHINGTON, June lft.— The occtir
rences on thf bridge <>t the Brooklyn <lur
• >\f hattle of July 3. having been the
subject <'f a controversy in the hewspa
' pers. the Navy Department recently
undertook an investigation of the various
nations. Lieutenant rnminander
Hodgson and Lieutenant Commander
Hellner, who have figured in the contro
versy, were both called upon for explana
tions of the utterances attributed to them,
and the former was directed to report for
examination on this point to Captain
1 Chadwick at Boston. The department h;is
now given out for publication <'aptain
Chadwick's report on the matter. It is
not yet determined whether or not the
answer of Lieutenant Commander Hetl
ner will be made public' at this time.
Ohadwiek's report is as follows:
U. S. S. New York, Boston, Mass., June 17,
i 1899.— Sir: In obedience to your orders of the
: 12th lnst, I have to report the following as the |
I statement by lieutenant Commander Hodg- i
: son of the conversation between Rear Ad- j
! miral Schley and himself during the action of
: July 3, IS9S. He states as follows: "As we
were approaching the Spanish ships I heard
■ Admiral Bchley say 'Port or starboard sev
eral times to Captain Cook in the conning
tower the admiral being on the platform sur- j
rounding the conning tower. I had been on j
the bridge above and was Just coming down
to report the position of the ship when I heard i
. the admiral say 'Hard a port. 1 The Maria
• Teresa was then hauling abaft our port beam.
The Brooklyn was heading about northeast.
; 1 told the admiral, or at least suggested to
i him. that the Texas was very close on our
1 starboard hand and that turning to starboard
i would bring: us close to her. I don't know that
'' 1 used the word 'collision.' I did not say 'you
mean starboard.' I intended him to under
! stand there was danger of running- into the
' Texas. He said 'All right,' or words to that
j effect— l cannot repeat verbatim. When I
. knew he was going to turn to starboard 1
suggested backing the starboard engine in or
' der to make a smaller circle and give the
Texas a wider berth, but he decided against
that as decreasing the speed of the turn. He
, did not say. that 1 know of. 'We are near
: enough to them (the Spaniards) already.' The
only thing I gathered from what he said was
that if we turned to port we should get so
close that we should expose ourselves to tor
pedo attacks. I suppose he meant torpedo
boats and replied to him that I had not seen
Lieutenant Commander Hodgson states that
he did not Intend to convey in his note of j
denial sent at the request of Admiral Schley,
and published In the Washington Post, the!
Idea that no such colloquy took place. He
states, regarding this, as follows: Admiral
Schley wrote me. inclosing an editorial from
a New Tork paper of June 1. asking me to
1 write a denial of what he phrased "an oft
repeated calumny." He said he had no recol
lection of any such conversation. 1 wrote a
lengthy letter of explanation giving my recol
lection of the conversation as nearly as possi
ble. Admiral Schley wrote me, saying: ''There
is "much In your letter which I should not like |
to use, as it would provoke an assault upon \
you. which I would not like to happen. What !
I want to show is that the dialogue did not
i occur" I then wrote a denial of the colloquy, j
certainly not intending that no such colloquy i
occurred but that It did not occur as printed. :
At the same time. I sent with this an ex- |
planatory letter explaining to Admiral Schley
1 that the letter of denial was a denial of the
dialogue as It appeared in print, and that I
bad told the correspondent of the paper that
the substance of the conversation was correct. ,
1 In writing the letter I wished to refute the
fact of any controversy existing at a critical
stage of the battle. It (the letter) was a !
denial of the. words as they stood In the '
■ published article, a denial of their literal cor- ;
rectness and not a denial of the substantial
correctness of the statement."
A copy of the letter has not been retained '
i by him: he had a rough draft which has been
mislaid. Lieutenant Commander Hodgson ap-
p ends his signature as a voucher for the ac
curacy with which the foregoing is given. Very
respectfully, F. X CHADWICK,
Captain U. S. N.
A. G. HODGSON.
Lieutenant Commander U. S. N.
' To the Secretary of the Navy.
Growers to Co-Operate.
HBALDBBURG, June 19.— Progressive
Grange. Patrons of Husbandry, of Healds
burg decided yesterday to call a mass
meeting of the fruit growers of Northern
Sonoma County to meet in Healdsburg
on Saturday afternoon, July 1. The object,
is to discuss the condition of the fruit
market and endeavor to obtain unity of
action regarding pries for the crop which
will soon be ready for market. The can
neries have not yet set a price for peaches,
but it is believed they will offer $20. con
tracts for pears at from $2.". upward are
reported. The local grange Is growing
rapidly. Thirty-one members were ini
tiated yesterday^
Captain Baldwin's New Post.
MARYSVIM-K. June 19.— Captain G. B.
Baldwin, late of the Eighth California
Volunteers, is in town saying good-by to
relatives and friends in his old home. The
captain has received from the Wax De
artment official notice of his appointment
<■« superintendent of construction in the
auartermMter'B department of the Eighth
ftesrular Infantry. Tnited States army.
/Cion.'l Ray He has orders to leave for
Kort Kirl-ft OH the St. Paul, which will
sail from San Francisco next week. A
battalion of regulars will go on the same
vessel His rank Is to be that of captain.
Fort Egbert, formerly Eagle City, is to
be the boundary post of the Yukon River.
A fort, barracks ami stockades will be
built there. _
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Beventti Mreet. corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 1899.
FEDERATION OF
THE ZIONISTS
Plan to Purchase Judea
Is Approved.
FOR AN INDEPENDENT STATE
SOME MONEY VOTED AND AN
APPEAL TO BE ISSUED.
Delegates Chosen for the Next Con
gress, Which Meets in Switzer
land, and the Condemnation
of Dreyfus Discussed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BALTIMORE, June 19.— The conclud
ing sessions of the second annual con
vention of the Federation of Zionists
! were held at Hazazer's Hall to-day.
j The decision to incorporate the federa
tion under the laws of New York State.
| wherein itie governing; body is located,
; was decided upon. The election of two
members from America for the execu
tive committee of the Basle (Switzer
land) congress resulted in the selection
of President Gottheil and Rabbi
Stephen S. \Vis<\ both of New York.
Consideration of the proposition to re
establish Judea as an independent state
and the purchase of the M^ccabean
sites in Palestine followed. It was de
cided to vote $100 as the nucleus of the
fund required, the remainder to be
raised by subscriptions from societies
and individuals. A general appeal to
the public will be made.
The following were elected as dele
gates to the third annual congress of
Zionists, which is to meet at Basle,
Switzerland. <m August IS. This is the
representative body which legislates for
the whole world:
Dr. Richard Gottheil, New York; Mrs.
Riohurd dnttheil. New York; Dr. Oas
trow, Philadelphia; Dr. S. Solis Cohen,
Philadelphia; J. H. Sarasohn, New
York; G. H. Meyere, Baltimore: Dr.
H. Mendes, New York; Miss Henrietta
Szold, Baltimore; Dr. S. Schaffer, Bal
timore; Miss Leon. New York; Rev. Dr.
Stephen S. Wise. New York; Dr. L.
Zlnsler. New York; L. Zoltotkoff, Chi
cago; Dr. Davis Frietsr*. New York;
William Sohurr. Chicago.
Serretary Stephen S. Wis«>"s report
showed that there are now 125 societies,
with a membership of 11,000.
The conference closed with a mass
meeting this evening;, at which Dr.
Richard firrttheil of New York read a
paper on the Semitic persecution prow
ing nut of the accusation, trial and con
demnation of Captain Dreyfus, and a
genera] discussion of the subject fol
lowed.
GRAVESTONE OF BASALT.
Natural Monument to Be Reared Over
the Tomb of Mrs. Watts.
HEALDSBTJRO, June 19.— 1,. S. Watts
of Ran Francisco, field assistant in the
State Mining Bureau, who lost his wife
I pome time ago, formed the Idea of secur
! ing a natural basalt monument for her
j grave. The matter was placed in the
I hands of T. C. Mathyas, the mineralogist,
j formerly of the Mining: Bureau. Last week
i Mr. Mathyas found on Mill Creek, three
I miles from Healdsburg, probably the best
specimen of basalt in the State. It is
I twelve feet long and consists of four col
umns stuck together, weighing probably
16,000 pounds. The shafts are six-sided
; crystal prisms, and vary in thickness
from a few inches to three feet. George
; W. Mill? of Healdsburg has undertaken to
place the monument on the cars for ship
! ment to San Francisco, and expects to
land it at the depot on Monday. He has
strengthened the various bridges it will
be necessary to pass over, but will not
risk the long suspension bridge over Dry
Creek and will cross the bed of that
stream.
»
Election at Eureka.
EUREKA, June 19.— The hottest city
election ever held here took place to-day,
1613 votes being polled. Those elected
wore: Mayor. David Evans; Council
men—A. H. Buhne, Dr. R. Gross, H. A.
Poland. A. C. Dauphiny, Frank Zlegltr;
Assessor. C. L. Devlin; Treasurer, S. T.
Weatherby; Police Judge, J. M. Melendy
City Attorney, E. P. Campbell; City Clerk
J. P. Wunderlieh; City Engineer. W. C.
Elsemore; Superintendent of Streets. Jolm
F. Devoy: School Directors — A. C. Tib
betts and W. J. McNamara. The Klamatfa
road won a decided victory over the Bel
River road.
Restraining Wall to Be Built.
MARYSVII^I.E. June 19.— A Government
expert named MoCann came down from
th« State of Washington and, in company
with a contractor from Oakland and Col
onel Hubert Vischer. went to Deguerre
Point, near Smartsville, to-day to view
the site of the restraining wall to be con
structed by the Cnited States Debris
Commission. Everything at this time
points to the early commencement of
work there.
Aspire to Become Teachers.
MARYSVILL.E. June IS.— A class of
fourteen— eleven young ' ladles and three
gentlemen— presented themselves to the
Yuba County Board of Education this
morning for examination as applicants for
teachers' certificates. Ten are seeking
grammar grade certificates and four ask
for primary grade certificates. The study
taken up to-day was arithmetic.
- ♦
Two Octogenarians Die.
WOODLAND. June 19.— Mrs. Esther
Cohn. aged 88. died at the residence of her
daughter, Mrs. Rose Hyman, this morn-
Ing; and Mrs. Mary Romlne, aged 81, died
on Sunday.
NEEDS OF THE
CITY'S HARBOR
AND FRONTAGE
Substantial Wharves
Should Be Built.
COMMERCIAL MEN'S VIEWS.
SEAWALL OUGHT TO BE EX
TENDED SOUTH AND WEST.
Immediate Need of the State Appro
priating One Million Dollars
to Accomodate the
Shipping.
Some time ago the active members of j
the Chamber of Commerce decided that ;
they wanted more information and knowl- '
edge as to the facilities of the harbor
front for handling the commerce, pres- ;
ent and future, of San Francisco. To thin
end a special committee was appointed to
investigate harbor front affairs. The com
mittee consisted of' John Dolbeer (chair
man), Robert Dollar, R. J. Chapman, ;
Edward E. Kentfleld and W. H.
Marston. Yesterday the gentlemen made
public their report, which is as follows:
Dear Sirs: The special committee appointed !
by your honorable body to investigate matters
pertaining to the harbor and water front
bee to report as follows: We did not suppose
it was Intended so much now to go into the j
past history of the management of the water
iront, Inasmuch as that has been quite thor- I
oughly investigated by the special committee ;
for the State Senate, and a report made to
that body accordingly, but rather to look' more j
particularly into the present status of the fa- i
cilities afforded to the shipping interests and .
see what improvements, if any, could be sug
gested applicable both to the present and fu- i
ture needs of our commercial interests. We '
have had several conferences with members of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners and
their engineer, Mr. Howard C. Holmes, as '
well as meeting the board In session, to ail of
whom we desire to extend our thanks for their >
assistance and courtesy. A reduction has re- !
cently been made In the expenses of the State
Harbor Commissioners, particularly in reduc
ing the force employed. The amount thus
saved, being not less than $2500 per month, this I
action is most commendable and one greatly :
needed. We trust, however, that the same
spirit of economy and retrenchment will con
tinue to prevail and result in. much additional j
saving. From the accounts presented it ap- i
pears that the expenditure for the year end- '
ing June 30, 1S»8, exceeded the receipts
120,683 29. Expenditures include amount $.".:..
--572 transferred from San Francisco harbor im
provement fund to depot sinking fund, but
not Including disbursements paid out of depot
fund. The amount, $55,572. being for Interest I
on the $600,000 depot bonds and to provide a I
fund for their redemption.
Wharfage and Tolls- Owing to the urgent
need of funds, not only to maintain the ef- !
ficiency, of the present structures, but to pro
vide means for extending the seawall and
building new wharves, we do not suggest any j
reduction in the charges now made for wharf- |
age and tolls, believing it more expedient to
have suitable and ample accommodations for
I our commerce than to effect a small saving on
each cargo. In the future when such large
expenditures for maintenance and construe- !
tion may not be necessary, it will then be i
time to consider the matter of reducing these I
charges. Taking the case of say a 2000-ton |
failing ship, the charge of lying at the wharf I
now is about $17 50 per day. but should such j
a vessel be kept In the stream, unable to find !
i suitable dockage, it would not be unreasonable j
! to estimate the cos) at $100 per day for the .
time of the vessel. !
Accommodation— find that from time to I
; time complaint has been made of lack <>'■ ac- i
; commodation for vessels at the wharves, hut !
upon careful consideration we are satisfied that |
it has not been so much for lack of apace ;
as for want of acceptable room convenient to I
some particular locality or at a covered wharf. I
but admitting this, we certainly would recom
mend that such steps be taken as . will pro- .
vide sufficient berths of. the. kind needed. We
find also In some instances berths desirable, for
handling general cargo, are occupied almost
permanently by coal barges, and recommend
that these should be moved when any vessel I
requires the space for loading or discharging. ;
While it may true also that tor the present
number of vessels in the harbor some kind '
of accommodation may be found, we feel cer
tain that in the autumn months when the
whaling, sealing and salmon fleet arrive, not
to speak of such vessels as will then come
to load our wheat and other products there
■will not be room enough.
New wharves— ln order, therefore, to help to
pome extent to obviate this difficulty, which
we believe imminent and which will result In j
great loss caused by vessels waiting for berths, |
we respectfully recommend that a new wharf
! of the most modern character be built im
mediately north of the Fishermen's wharf,
! between It and the Lombard-street ferry slips.
In order to do this It will be necessary to |
; change these slips by doing away with Slip
No. 1 and making in its place a slip between
: No. 2 and Lombard-Street pier, also extending
: the southern side of Slip No. 2 at the proper .
angle out to the regular pier line: running :
j from this end a line of piles to the seawall !
i and at a right angle to It. thus obliterating :
Slip No. 1 and gaining one side of a wharf I
■ and a large area back of It for handling cargo
: and freight. This work, we think, should he j
! started immediately, as preliminary steps for
i Increasing the facilities of the water front ,
I cannot be undertaken too soon. We further
| suggest that the Fishermen's wharf be re- i
! moved and an extra large covered pier be built |
■ in its place. In this way two fine wharves
I could be obtained. The Fishermen's wharf I
could be moved to the end of Section B of the \
sea wall, near the foot of Jones street. The
sea wall could be partially extended to form
-,i breakwater which afterward would serve as
a foundation for the permanent structure in the
future, the Rpace thus .-!..s<-.i in between the
breakwater an.i the present shore line afford
ing protection for the fishing boats.
Seawall The foregoing suggestion naturally
brings us t>> a consideration of the seawall.
I In our opinion, tt is very necessary that this
' wr.rk he extended southerly fr.'in its present
terminus. As this wall Is completed, new and
substantial piers could i>e built and so ar
! ranged that about double the accommodation
i now afforded between ferry slips and Pacific
Mall dock be obtained.
p rPS( . n t condition of. wharves— Owing to the
i mann<r of construction and the ravages f
! the Tereiio Navalia and I,lmnoria, we realized
' that the expenditure of large amounts of
money is necessary to keep the present piers
! in repair and note that the Commissioners
hiive recently lei contracts for repairing How
ard-street wharf No. 1 and No. 2. also Harrl
son-street wharf.
Wharf structure In this connection we de
sire to recommend the system of construction
so ably advocated by the Kngineer, Mr. H. C.
i Holmes, and demonstrated in I'ier No. 7 and
. Pier No. 12. These structures rest on piers
each composed Of concrete surrounding a BUit
i able number of piles, generally three, and mi
i eloped in iron boiler casing. We also fully
■ Indorse the plan of making the new wharves
; jno feet wide or more, which wo understand
is recommended by the Commissioners. and
where practicable SOO feet long instead of about
enn fert as at present. Also, that in the con
i struct ion of new wharves, the aim should be
; to give af much additional covered space as
will be found convenient, such being partlou
-1 larly desirable tor discharge of general mer
! chandlse cargo. As a further means of afford
i ing additional wharf room, we recommend the
suggestion of H. C. Holmes, made in his re
port, that a large pier or breakwater be con
structed at a sufficient distance north from
Pier No. 27 to afford say four wharves be
tween them. This pier to be filled in solidly
! and be 800 feet long and about 100 feet wide,
so made that vessels could lie alongside and
1 afford a means of bringing car and ship lo
i gether by having railroad tracks laid on It.
Being solid it would offer the best method of
carrying a suitable sewer out to the end into
1 deep water and offer protection from the !
north wind and swell coming in from the
ocean. Also following the suggestion f Mr. j
Holmes, we would recommend that another I
su.h pier be built at about the foot of Harri- !
son or Bryant street, this letter serving as
a protection to neighboring piers from the
damaging effects of southeasterly storms.
Funds— As to the funds needed for the im
provement of the water front, we are informed
by the Honorable Hoard of State Harbor '-..m
--misFioners that after making the reduction
mentioned of say $2500 per month In expendi
tures they estimate that about $115. 000 per year
will be available for new structures after pay
ing all expenses and keeping the wharves al
ready built in repair. According to estimates
made this would build two wharves of the best
character complete, such ns piers 7 and 12. !
Whin such structures as those are built the
large expense needed at present in repairs
would be reduced to a minimum, and conse
quently a considerably increased sum made
available for new work. As it is evident that
even this saving will not l>e sufficient to carry
on the work of making new structures as fast
as we think desirable we suggest as a menns
Of furnishing the necessary funds for this pur
pose that the I/egislature of the State at the
next session be requested to provide for the
issue -if bonds of Jl.flOo.oon, the money to be
used In extending the seawall southerly and
building new wharves. We would also suggest
t -i your honorable body the advisability of tak
ing steps to change the present custom of draw
ing charter parties In which l n o tons is made
the minimum of freight to be discharged per
weather working day, and that it he made MM
tons, this being necessitated by the greatly in
creased size of modern vessels, the majority of
deep-water shlpa coming here being of 2000
registered tonnage or over, with a dead weight
capacity of from 8000 to 4000 tons or more.
A MASTER OF
MUSIC SOUGHT
TO LEAD THEM
Colored People Want
an Academy.
A CALIFORNIAN PROPOSITION
ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING AT
ZION A. M. E. CHURCH.
Idea Conceived by David Lubin, Who
Will Visit Eastern Cities to
Urge the Cause of the
Negro.
Last night Initial steps were taken by
representative colored citizens of San
Francisco toward securing for their race
a National Academy of Music to be lo
cated at Washington, D. <' or near the
center of the negro population of Amer
ica. A mooting was held at the Starr
King African Methodist Episcopal Zion
Church, at which a committee was ap
pointed to map out the plans of procedure
and entrust them to a prominent Sacra
mento and San Francisco business man,
who will visit the East and promulgate
the idea there.
To <'allfornla belongs the credit of the
origin of the movement. David Lubln of
the firm of Weinstocb & Lubin conceived
the thought of the betterment of the so
cial condition of tne black man and men
tioned it to prominent colored citizens.
The enthusiastic, well-attended meeting
last night was the result.
The gathering was presided over by
Rev. E. T. Cot t man. Mr. Luhin was in
troduced and delivered the principal ad
dress of the evening. He stated that a
ran- to secure recognition must lind its
leader whom the world will hear of and
speak of. That leader must have fame,
and fame In music more Quickly touches
the heart strings of the world than does
renown in any other calling.
"Get full of fire and zeal in this city."
said the speaker, "and spread your idf-as
to other cities and get them to lndorsi
and assist in the movement. Then you
will receive aid at every hand. All the
lending Christian associations in the land
will put a shoulder to the wheel and see
the project through. You will enlist the
sympathies of wealthy and influentiol
people, who will he happy to aid the black
man in rising to the plane of his more
favnrod white brother.
"When your cause has beon heard
through the land roar a temple for the
education of a master musician. Let him
be renowned, his music will bo hoard an
over the world and praises be sung to his
name. Then will the colored race come
to bo recognized as a factor in civilization
and its nobility established. The history
of your race did not begin at the time of
Its emancipation, ami it will not begin
until something of this sort is established
and bears fruit.
"I conceived the idea in 1 So.'s . when the
question was put to mo, 'How can the
colored raco bo bettered?' It was a hard
question to answer, but I find Its solution
in the proposition we are here to discuss
to-night."
After tho speaker had concluded a paper
which was in part as follows was read:
There was a time when our sensibilities were
dormant, buried in the Inmost recesses of our
hearts, due to the condition beyond our con
trol. With freedom our sensibilities awoke and
the awakening generated a feeling of pain, in
tense and penetrating, almost as unbearable as
that .>f past indignities. But the freedom we
possess is like a borrowed favor, and the cred
itors ure clamoring at our doors, exclaiming, j
"Where is our return?"
The time has now arrived when an at- '
tempt must be made in the direction of
the higher evolution of our race, and the
purpose of this attempt should be stead
fast in the ratio of our ambition.
The sphere of our action in the domain
is limitless, and in order for Its bettor
accomplishment a limit should be set
for a beginning, and that beginning
should harmonize most closely with our
present natural aptitudes, and there is
no other sphere in which our development
in its initial stage is as likely to bring
about concrete results than through the
avenue of music
Let there bo a concentrated action on j
tho part of the colored race of this na- |
tion to establish in the city of Washing
ton a national academy of music. Let
, other organizations bo effected through
out the length and breadth of our land for
this purpose. Let our people be taught
to contribute and to work for this Insti
tution. Let us ask aid and co-operation
I of all throughout the land who may be
' kindly disposed to aid us in our upward
; struggle. And if this work is rightly di
rected we may expect to see it realized.
i and when that shall have beeji done a
: nudous will have been established, whence
■ we can hopefully expect would arise mas
; tors in music, whoso genius would shod a
1 luster of glory over our race forever, and
i thereby repay a portion of the debt to
I civilization. Achievements in one direc
i tion would encourage attempts in other
' spheres nnd this uplifting tendency would
continue without end.
Rev. W. B. Anderson moved that the
mov.ment be indorsed in the following
words:
Mr. Chairman: I move that the proposition
j as set forth in the paper Just read be approved
: by this assembly as a matter of vital import
! anee t > the colored race. And 1 further move
tlmt in view of its imnortanee that a com
mittee of nine be appointed by the chair for the
i purpose of organizing in this section in the tn
! terest of this proposition, and for the further
purpose of corresponding with the various sec
tions of the United States, all to the end that
proper organization be effected to further the
object in view and for the purpose of materlal
i I zing the proposition set forth.
A number of prominent colored people,
then expressed their sentiments, among
whom were Mrs. Pauline Brown, J. Lin
coln Derrick and Rev. J. EL Kelley. Mrs.
Brown said:
I am glad that this idea is a Callfornlan one.
an.l that the people of this State seem willing
' to help us. It is all so direct and blessed, much
In contrp.st to the treatment our race has re
-1 celved In other sections of. the country. I
j heart il>- endorse the movement. It will be of
the greatest benefit to our race.
The following committee was appointed
by the chair: Rev. E. T. Cottrnan, Rev.
W. R. Anderson. Row J. H. Kelley, Rev.
J. L. Allen. Rev. T. Brown, Mrs. Pauline
Brown, John Derrick. J. S. Francis and
Mrs. Anna Hughes.
David Lubin was named as representa
tive to go Bast, with full power to carry
out the purposes of the. meeting.
NEW CUSTOMS INSPECTORS.
Three Old Soldiers to Be Reinstated
After an Absence From the
Service.
Port Collector Jackson yesterday ap
pointed C. A. Walker of Oakland as Cus
toms Inspector. Mr. Walker's name was
taken from the eligible list. M. Moran
was promoted to the office of Assistant
Weigher to fill the vacancy caused by the
promotion of F. L. Wooster.
The Collector has taken the preliminary
steps toward the reinstatement, as Cus- j
toms Inspectors, of Thomas Buckler, A. '
Sorenson and James I). Mart, veterans of
the civil war. I hese. gentlemen were dis
charged from the service for political rea
sons during President Cleveland's admin
istration. In the case of old soldiers the
year's limitation does not apply. The rule
is that all others who are out of employ
ment in the civil service for one year are
dropped from the roll and must take their
chances of another examination.
Patriarchs Militant.
To-morrow night Colonel H. O. Brower
and staff will visit San Jose for the pur
pose of installing the officers of Canton
San Jose No. 9. Patriarchs Militant, I. O.
O F. A number of the patriarchs of this
city will accompany the installing officers.
The Governor Held Levee.
Governor Gage put in an appearance at
the Palace yesterday morning and for a
time held levee with the disappointed and
the aspiring. He left for Sacramento
again last evening.
Ladles' tatlor-mad* euita, fur caret, cloak*.
Credit. M. R'^ischlld, 824 Post at
THE DEMOCRACY
BEARS THE YOKE
OF GAVIN M`NAB
At Least He Has Won
"the Works."
NEW BOSS AND GREAT PLANS
THE ONE HUNDRED WOULD
HOLD DEPARTING POWER.
McNab Consults the New Executive
Committee, Which Will Work
Out a Fine Factional
Programme.
It has Gained on the local Democracy '
that Gavin McNab has captured "the I
works" of the Committee of One Hundred
and that he is new a full-fledged boss,
working with his coat off in the basement. |
Mr. McNab' b primary campaign pro
gramme will be officially announced This
week, and it will further interest the
Democratic party.
The meeting of the Committee of One j
Hundred last week showed how well Mr. i
McNab had gathered the strings In Hs
own hand, and it also showed the lorgo I
extent to which a hostile newspaper was j
unable to dictate even to :his portion cf |
the party. The paper made strenuous ef- j
forts to secure the appointment and elec
tion or; convention delegates by precincts,
but McNab saw that district bosses would i
be weakened and that In so far ns the j
McNab coterie might win districts i^eir
party control would be strengthened. The |
journal's scheme was turned down f>r ;
McNab's. Then the paper demanded the
enlargement of the Committee of One |
Hundred, which McNab opposed as d;ui
gerous, and the committee was not en
larged. Then McNab's plan of ;<n ex?c-
Utive commltttee to which the whole com- i
rr.ittee should intrust the primary eani
paJpn was adopted. McNab s • tntrol was
fully evidenced when Chairman M. Jas
per McDonald announced the following
executive committee:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District. J. D. Max
well; Twenty-ninth. Lawrence Hrennan:
Thirtieth, P. J. Tomalty; Thirty-first, R. P. i
Doolan; Thlrty-Becoad, W. .T. Ren wick; Thirty
third, Richard V. (>irtlß; Thirty-fourth. John
E. A Helms; Thirty-fifth. .John H. Gradyi |
Thirty-sixth. Jiarna M<'Kinna: Thirty-seventh, j
William H. Mead; Thirty-eight h, Jer»miah
Deasy; Thirty-ninth. W. D. Farr^n; Fortieth, !
L. F. Byington; Forty-first, Howard Park; |
Forty-second, George McGlllvray; Forty-third.
P. H. McCarthy; Forty-fourth, John Fay Jr.:
Forty-fifth, M. H. Hernan; at larpe, Chairman ]
M. J. McDonald and Secretary T. J. Walsh.
Lawrence Hrennan in a friend of Sena
tor Braunbart, who runs that end of the j
Twenty-ninth. Three eommltteemen are i
distinctively "Plielan," but the rest of the
committee is composed of especial sup- ;
porters "f Gavin McNab, .who will direct:
the efforts to perpetuate through the prl- '
mary the party control of the element i
that' gained it with a trick club.
yesterday efforts were begun to find
permanent downtown headquarters, which j
will be at once opened. The executive
committee will meet there Boon, probably
next Thursday evening, to adopt the mas
terly programme to which Boss McNab !
Is giving the finishing touches. The ex
ecutive committee is ostensibly to "stir
tip interest in the primary," for that is
the best bluff that can be found to excuse
the activity of the executive committee
at a time "when, under th* primary law.
the central organization has nothing
further to do if merely a fair field for the
district tickets and the whole party were
consideretd. In theory the party voters
of each district arrange their own tickets
and "tight it out" themselves on election
day, and the county committee lets them
alone in the scrap. But now the McNab
element of the One Hundred element has
"the works." and turns the county com
mittee into a machine to promote the in
terests of one faction at the polls. It is
all right and all natural, perhaps, for the j
county committee to be used as a fac
tional power: It is -imply an interesting
fact that shows at last how the primary
game Is to he made up,
Each executive eommitteeman becomes
a district boss with the power of the cen
tral machine behind him. Each will dom
inate the McNab club of his district, as
some are doing with clubs already organ
ized. The eommitteeman, with the Mc-
Nab sanction, will virtually dictate the
nomination of the McNab ticket of his
district. This will be dubbed the "regu
lar" ticket, that represents "the decent
®4®4O>®-f® >®>®4<s)-fot®>« -f®-t®t® ♦©♦©♦© "♦•©♦€) ♦®4®t®-f®t®^®
I i^bs^^, i — -i i
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.!
V This grand Belt has cured four thousand people in California during the 3i
T past five years. It cures Nervous and Vital Weakness, Rheumatism. Lame V
5* Back and Kidney Troubles. It cures many of the worst forms of Nervous /J
♦ Debility after all else fails. 1^
1 IT WILL CURE YOU. 2
-♦- ; . ' ®
TT Stop drugging if it does not help you, and the money that you would pay >•
2 a doctor in one month will buy this famous Belt. It is worth its weight in (•)
x gold, for it saturates the weakened body with new life, new vigor, new man- >•
W hood. : : - ®
♦ SEND FOR "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." ♦
X It is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point i
fa out a means by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed, free to any <g
V address, or can be had on application at the office. jl.
(£ Don't put it off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the happiness not ®
V only of yourself. but of your family and friends, of your future. You should +
"♦" not delay. Call or address <§
I Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, 702 M»rk»t Bt., cor. Kearny. 8. F.; •
$ Dr. ffl. A. McLaughlin, i^f LVi 9 » V. 4: 8pr lng lnd Beconi ®
® Office Hours— a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. ®
♦ ♦
®^®4®-f SHKs)i® + ®+® 4 ®-f® -f® -f ®+®4®+®+®+® >s>f®>®^®4®^S>f®4O
MAKE PERFECT MEN
DO KOT DESPAIR! Ucnotßuf-
'erLonuerl T he Joy» and ambitions of
life ran lie restored to you. The very
VKI wak «orstc.i»f3of .Nrrvouf Debility are
SDO SOT DESPAIR ! Dc not Buf-
fo r Longer I Jhc Jov.-s and ambitions of
« orst canes of Nrrvouii Debility are
absolutely cured by PEKFF.C'TO
4 V^ SI lifll '" * " LETS. Give prompt relief to in-
Vfflv t^vß^B'-"iiiiiia, failing memory and th» waste
tyfCv^Bßey and drain of vital powers, incurred by
JTTBiJW Indiscretion* or excesses of early years.
»— \jgg!»^ Impart vrpor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give .4Mt bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of Lrff\yo\ing or old. :
One Mo box renews vital energy. fJIIJO boxes at
ia.lOacompleteKiiarante^lcureTjTTj^oi- money re-(
funded. Can be carried in vest ■<•«■»' pocket. Sold' !
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by TIIK PKnFKiTO CO., Ca-fon l(i«i».. Cfaleito, 111. !
Bold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co., la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
element." and then the shouting of
"Buckley:" will begin, for the main issue
will be McNah vs. Buckley.
A brilliant feature of this campaign
plan has been arranged and will pron
ably be put through at the first meeting
of the executive committee. There is to
be a campaign committee appointed in
each district composed of fine from each
precinct. The district executive eommit
teeman will manage the creation of the
campaign commute.' arid control it. Then
these district campaign committees will
probably be combined into one general
campaign committee that may meet once
on parade if the programme is perfectly
safe.
There is thus in process <if creation a
big, compact organization dominated by
a small element in the Committee of One
Hundred, and through this organization
McNab and his friends hope to control
the nomination of convention delegates,
the campaign committees will afford a
cheap way of giving "recognition" to l■•
--merits which need to be harmonized, and
it will also be a cheap way of making
members.
The hostility to these forthcoming Com
mittee of «>ne Hundred tickets will i>^
fWce. especially in the strong Democratic
Qiirtricts to which no recognition has been
given by this coterie. As the honorable
and eloquent Thomas Eagan declared hist
nisrht at a large meeting of the Buckley
Democratic Club of the Twenty-ninth
District: "By subterranean methods they
have throttled the Democratic party ani
trailed it In the dust. Upon the glorious
Democratic banner they have "::st the
mud of defeat instead of the tire of vic
tory."
rrom now on the local Democratic pri
mary campaign will become more definite
and will rapidly assume its natural fierce
ness. Ft will be sport for the gods before
primary day.
MIDWEEK RESERVE STAKES.
List of Speedy Dogs Drawn to Com-
pete in Thursday's Races.
On Thursday the Union Coursing Park
will run a midweek reserve stake at its
grounds in San Mate*. County. The list
of entries consist of sixty-four non-win
ners. The winner of a course will have
his entrance of $2 r>o returned. The other
prizes offered are as follows;
The winner of the stake to take $60, the
runner up $40, the next two $20 each, the
next four $12 50 each ami the next eight
$7 50 each. The San Francisco and San
Mateo electric line carries passengers to
the park in quick time.
Following is a list of the dogs which
was drawn in Pythian Castle last even
i ing:
Tosemite Kennels' lamplighter vs. Rlncon
! Kennels' Swedish; .1. H. Perigo's Belle Seward
i vs. J. Kenan's Blaeklock; J. Burns' Olympu3
VS. E. Wilson's (names) Magnet; H. .1. Deck
; elman's Prince George vs. Rincon Kennels'
i Hardline.*; \V. C. Glasson'a Terrontte vs. A.
! Johnson's Mountain Beaut'- ■ J. J. Warrens
Sweet Lips vs. A. L. Austin's Trinket: Yo
-1 semite Kennels' Bounding Belle vs. E. Fitz
patrick's Free Silver Boy; I. F. Hal ton's
. (names) Lavender vs. S. W. Smith's Sans
: Souci; H. Hansen's Long-shot Connolly vs. R.
E. ■]•■ Lopez's Santa Rita; H. A. Deckelman'a
Pet Kirby vs. S. E. Portell's Gallagher; George
Burfeind's Pastime vs. J. Keenan's Master
Gordon; James peane's Belle of Anderson vs.
W. M. Perry's Campania; G. and H. Kennels'
Pempsey Lass vs. .1. Perry's Black Sheep;
Aenid Kennels' Maid of Erin vs. I. F. Hal
] ton's Tic Tac; Russell. Allen .<- Wilson's Daisy
1 Clare vs. Courtney .<- Logan's High Dire: A. F.
Moore's Decency vs. T. A. Gaffney's Sir John
' Arnott; F. • C Klein's (names) Mystic vs. E.
M. Kellogg' s lowa Boy; J. H. Perigo's Lady
Davenport vs. Hurley & Rellly's Expense: .1.
Seggerson's White Chief vs. Connell Brothers'
Senorita; Milo Kennels' Miss Rabbit vs. R. E.
de Lopez's (names) St. Anthony; F. Moran's
Flying Faster vs. W. C. Glasson's Border's
1 Valentine: Thrift's St. Michael vs. M. Lon
don's Sharkey; F. Herring's St. Elmo vs.
j Pasha Kennels' Fleeting Fancy; F. Moran's
Bit of Fashion vs. F. C. Portell's Bonnie Scot
| land; J. Jones' Gallivant vs. Hurley & Rellly's
i Richmond Queen: Handy & Smith's Whisk
broom vs. Lowe & Thompson's Scottish Chief;
, Larkey & Rock's Minerva vs. D. .T. Healv's
! Grenada; Aenid Kennels' Pretender vs. J. Mr-
Knell's Sportsman; T. J. Harrington's -.eau
' Peep vs Milo Kennels' Rock Island King: J.
Kerrigan's Lalla Rookh vs. Kelly & Hanley'3
: Baby King: J. Seggerson's Gold Hill vs. Handy
' & Smith's Moana; Dennis & Porter's The Devil
vs. H. W. Rike's Nancy R.
Republicans Organize.
The Thirty-fourth District Republican
Club held a well attended meeting last
night at Harmony Hall, corner of Thir
teenth and Erie streets. Permanent or
ganization was effected and the following 1
officers were elected: Albert Menne.
president; A. W. Reid, vice president; .T.
E. Johnson, secretary; James W. Bonney,
treasurer: P. McGovern, sergeant-at
arms; executive committee— J. ML. Danton,
Thomas Brennan. F. J. Hurst. J. J. Nolan,
Frank Zeissing and F. O. Burnett.
Struck on His Head.
Raymond Bea!. an entry <Wk In the
warehouse of Coburn, Tevls & Co., Third
ami King streets, was on a ladder yes
terday mornliiK examining some parcels,
when he missed his hold and fell to th»
floor, a distance of about eight feet,
striking <>n his head, He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where it was
found he was Buffering; from concussion
of the brain and possible fracture of the
skull. In the afternoon he was taken to
his home at 2227 Pacific avenue.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
Sw PALACE w?
•GRAND emMiM*
_ SAN FRANCISCO. "
*f Connected by a covered passageway. "
® l4OORoom«— 900 »i h Bath Attached. ©
O All Under On* Management. O
0 NOTE TBS PRICES: O
0 European Plan. Bl. OO per day and upward Q
n American Plan. $3.00 per day And upward A
v Correspondence Solicited. v
0 JOHN 0. EIBXPATHIOE. M* B »g.r. O
QOOOOOQ 0.0 0 Q 00000
56
TUESDAY JUNE 20, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A: Communications to W. S. LLAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 2568.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone m. - :'T4.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. US CENT 3 PER WEEK.
Single Copies. •*» cents.
T»TTri!> l>y M«*ll. Inc'udinc P—tacn:
DAILY CALI <;r.--]i]rtinir S-ir.day Call), one year $»>.OO ;
DAILY CALL ( Including Sunday Call), « months 3.00
DAILY call • incluiilre Sunday Call). 3 months * 1 .50
DAILY CALL— By Single M .th «3c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.80 •
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00 .
A"l poitmastera ire authorized to receive f=ubscrlptlon»,
Eample copies will be forwarded when requested. \
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
M.W YORK OFFICE. Room 18S. World Building
C. GLO. KROGNE6B, Advertisinft Representative. '
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS. " I
VTaldorf-AEtcr Hotel; A. 13re:itano. 31 Union Square; ■
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel '
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. ;
I
CHICAGO OFFICE MarQuette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative. ;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS. :
Bherman House; P. O. News Co.; Gre/t Northern Hotel; <
Frernont House; Auditorium Hotel. /
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK 387 Hayes street, open until ,
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30 , !
O'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- .
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2-291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 1
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
■ AMUSEMENTS,
■ hia — "The Liars."
uaiiiornia — Japanese performance.
leum— Vaudeville.
'. •■lieu."
lirnrifl Opera Hnu«=e— "The Chimes of Normal.^,,.
Brigands."
Chutes Zoo ana Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
>
Olympla — Corner Mason and Ellis streets — Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Futro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chn^e & Mendenhall— Thursday, June 22, at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at corner Van Ness avenue and Market street
TRADES "^ : **. COij'.ClLj
THE MUNICIPAL CAMPAIGN.
rROM present appearances tliere is some pros
: the approaching municipal cam
._;. the Republicans will not be overweighted
stic and boss influences. The determined
• press in San rai o and
si the trea< t he railroad in
itive deadlock,
ist . • ■ I the disgi the electii i
■ ■ • Senate, and the recent de
- heme of plunder by the
■ Railway Company, have conclusively
; roved that both labor and capital are sale when the
. ts best ele
been a better opportunity for a
■ g Republican success. The desperate at
e beei made to corrupt the party, each j
been beaten, are elements of
ngth an'! ■ ■ kness. The fusion Democ- ;
■ - an 'internal p '. rants and !
■ and other forms of monopoly, is
it arrant hypocrisy. It is and
us exemplar in the United
t vi :ious form of the boss system.
of one hundred, arbitrarily selected and |
sentative element, in the strug-
I tself into the expression of the
■ ibitious politician. That committee has
beei It- functions in all probability will
1 cxci ised by a sub-committee of twenty-five or of
•■ . in which the influence of Mayor
Phelai < predominant. The motive power of
an precedents will be supplied
by a S5, whose conception of American poli
hundred occasions, is his own
. H;dl has at least affected some
defei pular element in American insti-
But .Mayor Phelan and his organ have de-
I tatiously applied imperialistic
Is to the 'hybrid political combination that, at
icramento, welded into a grotesque
>st ultra conceptions of the proletariat.
nted sound Americanism with the revolu
ean Socialism.
\*'> fusion municipal ticket can be elected in San
this fall, if t lie Republican party is true
t its principles and to its history. Its intelligence,
s manhood have been vindicated a
i have excited the admiration of the
• -id. It must not tail now. It must steer
the Huntington monopoly, of Dan
every other corrosive and disintegrating
Men of high standing, whose purity is in
ble, must serve on the committee that takes
arge of the campaign. The nominees for
the municipal convention must be thoroughly repre
f and honest— not doctrinaires, sentimentalists
or cranks, but Republicans — such as Abraham Lin-
I have indorsed, and whose names and
■ standing constitute a perfect guarantee that
ntsly and faithfully deliberate for the
Su h a convention will select an irre
proachable ticket, from top to bottom clean, strong
popular support. Citizens, of this, char
acter, taken from the ranks of business men, standing
for industry, free from every taint of demagogism
and to whom officeholding is a sacrifice and not an
ition, will insure to us a safe municipal govern
th.e new charter and will be invincible at
polls.
on the whole, are not unfavorable. Ths
ill heartily co operate with all the decent ele
■ • that are now manifesting un,
--r iual political activity to achieve a Republican victory
ill inaugurate ;■ new era in local officialism.
An English court has found that Jimmy Michael,
the "Welsh Rabbit," has been Following hotter pace
off than on the racing track. His wife has just been
granted a divorce.
Ail hope '-if an Anglo-American alliance is at an
end. The London newspapers are roasting Tod Sloan
because he f'nored a waiter with a quart of cham
pagne.
It is not te be wondered at that Mrs. Mattie Crow
ley, in making accusations against her ex-husband,
Crowlcy, the iceman, deals with cold facts.
HAVEMEYER ON TRUSTS.
AS the habit of those who oppose tariffs and other
devices to bring artifice to the aid of man is to
accuse of selfishness all who differ with them
they cannot complain at a retort in kind. The free
trade press of the country has been much refreshed
and reassured by .Mr. Havemeyer's testimony before
the Senate commission in relation to trusts and the ef
fect of a protective tariff upon their formation and
])erpetuation.
% Mr. Havemeyer is a Democrat of the most straitest
sect Long before he organized the sugar trust, in
deed, before he was born, his family were merchants
and importers in New York, and for generations fos
tered the importers' aversion to a tariff. Their feel
ing of self-interest made them Democrats and free
traders. The present head of the house is like his for
bears, a free-trader, and a believer in the employment
of foreign labor to produce for the home market.
In view of the high tariff on sugar one would expect
him to see his own interests and to support protec
tion. But he is influenced by his interests. He owns
great sugar estates in Cuba and smarts under the de
nial of free entry t<> raw sugar. The Democratic doc
trine of free raw material and protection to the manu
factured article fits his case exactly. He can produce
raw sugar by cheap labor on his Cuban plantations
and if it have free access to American ports he can
realize more profit than out of the present sugar dif
ferential rate of the Dingley tariff.
Desiring to secure these benefits he denounced the
tariff as the father of trusts. If his position shall help
the free-traders back to power the cry of free raw
material will be heard in the land again and the Cuban
plantations will be worked for all they can produce.
Mr. Havemeyer will hardly deny this description of
his interest in the tariff issue. He is also perfectly
v. ell aware that the tariff has been an impotent factor,
if a factor at all, in the maintenance of the sugar trust.
He knows that the trust flourished under the Wilson
tariff, which admitted raw sugar free and abolished
the bounty upon domestic sugar. He knows, too,
that other great trusts are independent of the tariff.
The Standard Oil trust has flourished under all ad
ministrations. This country is the greatest petroleum
producer in the world. We have oil to export and its
quality is so high and its price so low that no one
cares to enter the held with us. It is a fact in
economics that a tariff on an article which is pro
duced in surplus and is compelled to hunt a market
abroad is absolutely without effect. Petroleum might
as well be left out of the tariff schedules, For its con
siderable importation is impossible. The whisky
trust, one of the seniors of the trust family, older than
Standard Oil or sugar, is another illustration. It
controls not only beverage whiskies, but the high
wine and alcohol product. The United States is the
greatest producer of grain alcohol in the world. Our
corn, rye and wheat aid od the world. We
export it to Europe, Asia and Africa. The fruit and
potato alcohols produced abroad are rivals scarcely
felt in the world's markets. The invention of smoke
less powder has given a great impulse to the alcohol
trade, and Japan. China and Russia are drawing on
us for high wines to be used in that manufacture.
Within the last year a fleet of ships has taken alcohol
u.!i_ r <!ts from S- ; .n Francisco to Yokohama and Vladi
• k and to Chinese ports. The export of alcohol
from Atlantic port-, to be used for the same pur
:, has been still larger. As the articles covered by
the whisky tru-t are produced in groat surplus for ex
port it is certain that that combination I y un
affected by the tariff.
A close examination of Mr. Havcmeyer's remarks
discloses a singular inconsistency, for he tir^t declared
that the sugar trust was born of the tariff and closed
by complaining that the refined sugar had practically
no protection at all.
It is quite evident that Mr. Havemeyer knows more
about the refinement of sugar than the refinements of
economic discussion.
STATE ELECTIONS THIS FALL.
WHILE the Democrats are struggling hard to
rind material for a national platform and an
issue on which to challenge the administration,
the time is rapidly approaching when in several States
they will have to take the field for the elections of the
fall. Their bewilderment and confusion increase as
the dates for opening the campaigns_ draw nearer, and
it is now evident that in every case they will make
such a contest as they can on lfjcal i^ues only, leaving
national affairs to be dealt with as time and chance
may determine next year.
In ?ix States — lowa, Kentucky. Maryland, Massa
: chusetts, Mississippi and Ohio — Governors are to be
elected. Pennsylvania will elect a State Treasurer
and two Justices of the Supreme Court. Legisla
tures are to be elected in several States, but the con
tests are not interesting to the general public except in
New York and Virginia. The latter State is, of
course, sure to be carried by the Democrats, but as
the question is to be raided in nominating conven
tions whether Virginia Democracy favors a choice of
United States Senators by direct vote of the people,
the result will be watched with considerable attention
I by all who are interested in the movement to that end.
It is said to be the intention of the Democratic
leaders in New York to poll as large a vote as pos
sible this fall, for the purpose of recovering the pres
tige of the State in Democratic National Conventions,
which was lost in 1806. It is the belief of Tammany
that if it can carry the State this year it will be better
able to beat Bryan next year. For that reason the
New York contest is expected to be more than ordi
narily vigorous for an off year. It will be fought,
however, solely on State issues if the Democrats have
their way. for neither faction of the party has any de
' sire to take a definite position on any national ques
tion whatever.
The contest in Maryland will be marked on the
Democratic side mainly by a determination to recover
control of the State for the purpose of reviving the
political fortunes of Gorman and putting him in a
j favorable position from which to aspire to the nomi
i nation to the Presidency next year. The recent elec
j tion in Baltimore has given the Gorman stalwarts rea
j son for hoping to carry the State, and accordingly
they will make the fight not only with ardor, but with
; strong expectations of success, and as there is some
j dissatisfaction in the Republican camp, it will not be
I surprising if Maryland returns this fall to the Demo
cratic fold and Gorman emerges from his enforced re
; tirement to assume again the role of a Democratic
j leader.
In Ohio the Republicans have already held their
State convention and put a strong ticket in the field.
! The old factions in the party continue to exist, but the
j antagonism between them is less keen this year than
jit has been for some time past. No evidence of bit
| terness has been disclosed anywhere except in Cleve
land, so that all prospects point to a sweeping Repub
lican victory no matter what ticket the Democrats put
up. or upon what issues they choose to make their
attack.
In scarcely any State will there be much in the way
of national politics involved in the campaign. There
will be, of course, more or less t.tlk of free silver, but
lit will not be fervent nor much heeded. It is going to
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, Jtj-KE 20, 1899.
be an oft year in the fullest sense of the phrase so
fai as larger questions are concerned, and State poli
tics will have a clear field in almost every voting dis
trict where an election takes place.
THE SITUATION IN THE TRANSVAAL
LATE. reports from the Transvaal encourage the
hope that, despite the fiasco of the conference at
Bloemfontein. the crisis in the contest between
the claims of the Outlanders and the stubbornness of
the Boers may pass without an appeal to arms. The
Eritish clearly have everything to gain by pursuing a
waiting policy for a time at least, and the Boers can
hardly hope to derive profit from a war.
The controversy presents one of the most intricate
problems of conflicting rights that can be imagined.
It has been said that every legal right is on the side
of the Boers, but every moral right on the side of the
Outlanders; and the statement sums up the situation
about as accurately as can be done in a single ?en-
tence.
The Boers went into the Transvaal, drove out the
barbarian natives and took possession of the territory
by the right of a higher civilization' Where savagery
had been, they established law. an extensive pastoral
j industry and something of agriculture, with such
; primitive manufacturing as is necessary to supply the
limited needs of that sort of a community. They hold
their country, therefore, by the double title of con
quest and cultivation, and being a brave as well as a
stubborn race are not afraid to defend it.
The Outlanders went into the territory and found
that its rich mineral resources were not developed and
no adequate means of communication with the outer
world had been provided. They set about opening
mines, constructing railways, erecting factories and
founding cities. Having accomplished much in the
way of adding to the wealth of the Transvaal and in
creasing the value of the property of the Boers, and
finding themselves heavily taxed, they demand the
franchise and admission t% a participation in the
government. The Boers reject the demand on the
ground that if granted the Outlanders would out
vote the natives, take possession of the country and
annex it to British South Africa.
The issue arising out of such conflicting claims is
not one that can be determined offhand. The Out
hmders have as much right to enforce a higher civili
an on the Boers as tie Boers had to enforce their
civilization on the African. Moreover, the class of
citizens in any community that pays the larger por
tion of taxes ought to have some voice in the levying
c f taxes and in their expenditure. Against all such
claims on the part of the Outlanders, however, there
stands the unquestioned right of the Boers to defend
themselves from conquest by immigration as well as
from conquest by arms; and it is certain if the Out
landers lire given a share in the government, they will
eventually take possession of it altogether.
The present crisis arises from the fact that th* Out
landers have become impatient and have petitioned
i the British Government to compel the Transvaal Gov
i ernment to grant redress for their wrongs. Thus a
question has been raised as to the extent of the Brit
i-h right of interference in the affairs of the republic
ana that is a question that never fails to rouse the
wrath of the Boers to the utmost height.
A little imprudence on the part of either Govern
ment would at this time precipitate a war, but for
; tunately late dispatches give assurance that no im
prudent act is likely to be committed. The British
authorities are aware their strength in the Trans
vaal is increasing every day and they have nothing to
gain by hasty action, while President Kruger must
i be equally aware that he cannot stem the advancing
' tide of South African development by war at this.time.
Both Governments are. therefore, inclined to peace,
and each is strong enough to hold its people back
from an armed conflict.
THE CULTIVATION OF VACANT LOTS.
A/N association in Philadelphia has been follow
ing for two years the example set by Detroit of
providing gardens for the poor, out of the va
cant lots of the city; and while the experiments have
not been very extensive, considering the size of
Philadelphia, the results have been highly gratifying.
A summary given by the Philadelphia Record of
the second annual report of the association says that
last year sufficient land for 162 quarter-acre gardens
was secured and given for cultivation to 140 poor
families, numbering 770 persons. Although the sea
son was not a favorable one for gardening, as a result
of operations there was an average yield per garden of
$60. The total outlay of the association for superin
tendence, seed, tools and incidental expenses was
$2266. The total value of the product of the gardens
was $9700. Each dollar spent by the association in
helping its beneficiaries to help themselves was thus
turned into four and a quarter dollars in their hands.
As was to have been expected, the gardens were
not cultivated with equal industry or skill, and as
a consequence the results were far from being equal.
Fifteen of the gardens yielded an average of $100
each, while a considerable number averaged a yield
of only $24 each. The association justly claims that
the lowest yield is better than the weeds which would
otherwise have grown on the lots. The old principle
that half a loaf is better than no bread applies in this
as in other efforts to better the conditions of city
life; and moreover, a charitable investment that re
turn? upward of three hundred per cent profit after
supplying the needs of many families and giving em
ployment to persons who would otherwise have been
idle and exposed to the temptations of idleness^ may
certainly be accounted a bright success.
The association is so pleased with its work that it
has undertaken it on a larger scale this year. The
superintendent estimates there are a thousand fami
lies in Philadelphia in need of help who would gladly
avail themselves of such gardens if offered. It is4lie
hope of the association to evntually gratify the full
demand. The question of vacant-lot gardening there
fore may be considered as settled favorably, so far
?.s Philadelphia is concerned.
It is to be noted that the work in that city has been
undertaken and is managed by a private association,
and not by politicians or municipal officials. Perhaps
that may have had much to do with the excellent busi
ress methods of administration and the good results
obtained.
There is little wonder that the Spaniards fled from
the charge of the Rough Riders at Santiago. One of
the Rough Riders now has a job in a little Kansas
town shooting waterspouts and cyclones out of the
way.
Governor Gage says that he will soon have dis
tributed the last plums of patronage within his gift.
The State should be thankful that there is an end to
every evil.
Dispatches from London, reviewing the advance of
American enterprise in England, contain the informa
tion that the shoes made in this country are having a
walkover.
What's the matter with Hanna now? Nothing, ap
parently. There is no strike on his line.
IS HE READY TO RESIGN?
Press Comment on the Governor's Talk,
A Straight Tip on the Extra
Session.
NOT A HAPPY GOVERNOR
In "Down the Line" column of the
I^os Anpeics Herald The Call's story con
cerning Governor Caere's talk of resigning
receives extended notice. The Herald
says:
"All this talk printed of late about the
Governor's being about to rrsign office is
not -without some foundation. I do not
dream for a moment that he will resign,
but I know that he would like to, beyond
question. Any number of times has he
confided to friends that h;id he known
Just what the place entailed he v.
never have left the enjoyment and profit
of his law offices for politics and that he j
would be glad to get out of ii all if he I
could. But he is not the man to take his |
hand off the plow handles until the end !
of the furrow is reached, and he is just j
irascible and obstinate enough if, at the i
end of his term, his enemies attempt to I
take the position that he must get out of I
the field, to go in and be re-elected or |
run for the Senate, or something of the I
like. It is safe to say that he is not par
ticularly happy as Governor, but he will \
stick to the game till the last card is
down. Uncle Xeff will not have the task ]
imposed on him of running the State ma- <
chinery if Henry can live out his term, j
and he is pretty hearty. I
MORE DEPOSITIONS
IN THE LUNG CASE
ALL AGREE AS TO THE LADY'S
HABITS.
Evidence to Prove That She Drank,
Cursed, Fought and Abused
Her Husband at Hand.
Depositions of the friends and acquaint
ances of Dr. George A. Lung are piling up
and will be used by him when his action
for divorce from his wife, Elizabeth Lung,
comes to trial before Judge Hebbard.
Yesterday a demurrer to the plaintiff's
complaint was overruled by Judge Heb
bard, and Mrs. Lung must now answer
the complaint. Issues will then be joined
and the case will go to trial.
After the matter of demurrer was dis- '
posed of depositions lately arrived from
the East were opened at the request of
the defendant's attorneys. The first was
that of Charles H. Rockwell of Beaufort,
S. C. He deposed that he had seen Mrs.
Lung at Port Royal. S. C, on several oc
casions. and although she acted strangely
he could not swear that she was intoxi
cated. "She was always vivacious," he ,
said. "She might have been angry, but i
I can't swear that she was under the in
fluence of liquor."
John Surman of the United States Ma
rine Corps at Port Royal testified that
Mrs. Lung came to his house on several
occasions in a state of unquestionable in
ition. Finally the witness implored
Dr. Lung to keep Mrs. Lung away from
his home, as he did not believe her to be
a tit associate for his wife. Mrs. Lung
heard that Surman told her husband of
her intoxication and she approached the
witness and asked him how much
owed him. He said 90 cents. She drew
it from her pocket and, thrusting it into
his hand, said: "There, you dirty marine,
I don't owe you anything now, and you
may depend "upon it I will make things
warm for you." In conclusion the witness
said that he saw Mrs. Lung drunk five |
times in six weeks and while in this con- i
dition she cared nothing for her actions, !
reaching the lowest depths of abandon.
Patrick Wall testified to the same facts
and rt new line was brought out in the ;
deposition of W. A. Mackenzie of Scroon
L:ik-- N. Y. He said that he saw the I
c at Beaufort. S. C. his attention |
being called to them by the intoxication
and profane language of the lady. He
afterward saw them in the train, and j
without warning Mrs. Lung assaulted her
husband, slapped his face, pulled his hair,
dug her nails in his cheeks and wound
up by throwing a bunch of wet flowers in j
his face. Through it all Dr. Lung sat in
deep humiliation, but never raised his j
hand toward the woman. Finally he was !
forced to call upon the witness for pro
tection, and Mackenzie promptly quiet* d
her by threatening her with arrest. An
other batch of depositions will be opened
in a few days.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Somers B. Fulton of Santa Rosa is at
the Grand.
Dr. T. A. Reablcs is down from the Vet
erans' Home.
Paul M. Nippert of San Leandro is at
the California.
P.obo Radovich, a wine man of San Jose,
is at the Occidental.
L. D. Dale, a druggist from Los Ange
les, is at the California. ♦
W. M. Hollonbeck is registered at the
Lick from Pacific Grove.
George P. Simpson., a lumberman from
Stockton, is at the Occidental.
Senator Robert N. Bulla came up from
Los Angeles yesterday. He is at the
Grand.
John F. Carrere, secretary of the State
Lunacy Commission, is registered at the
California from Los Angeles.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 19.— H. R. Cooper of
San Francisco is at the Hoffman. Joseph
L. Hess of San Francisco is at the Hol
land. Charles Goodale and wife of San
Francisco are at the Fifth Avenue.
George H. Bell of San Francisco Is at the
Bartholdi. Fred A. Whitmore of San Jo?"
Is at the Netherland. Miss King of San
Francisco is at the Manhattan. Mrs. G.
E. Gridley of San Francisco is at the Em
pire.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 19.— Professor W.
J. Hussey and wife of the Lick Observa
tory are at the Wellington. William H.
Story of San Francisco, is at the St.
James. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hamlin of
San Francisco ure in Washington visiting
relatives. They will sail for Europe on
July 1.
THE MASONIC HOME.
First Two Orphans Were Received
There Last Sunday.
The Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
Home at Decoto, Alameda County, is now
in full operation and ready for occupancy.
'1 he first orphans admitted were received
last Sunday by the superintendent and
matron. Dr. and Mrs. Aiken. The little
ones are George Arthur and Cyrus Fay
Nr-edles. the 12 and 9 year old sons of the
late A. P. Needles, who was a well-known
lawyer of this city. Arrangements are be
ins made to admit six more before the
close of the week.
Victims Want Damages.
Isaac T. Hintnn filed suit yesterday
against the Market Street Railway Com
pany to recover 522,000 damages for per
sona] Injuries sustained June 19. 1597, at
Kearny and Market streets. Harvey S.
Malone also asks damages in the sum of
$15,000. The plaintiff allots that on April
10 last he was taken with an epileptic
fit on an Ellis street car. While in that
condition, the car having reached How
ard and Kniirth streets, the motnrman
ordered him off the car. He was unable
to respond and the conductor and grip
man deliberately threw him off. head
foremost. He was severely Iniured in
consequence, and hence asks for $15,000
damages for the brutal act of which he
was the victim.
A STRAIGHT TIP.
A few days ago The Call announced
with much positiveness that Governor
Gage will call an extra session of the
Legislature. The Governor made a mild
denial, but it is a noteworthy fact that
his partisans have since been industrious
ly educating public sentiment up to the
belief that an extra session Is actually
necessary. All the circumstances indicate
that The Call had a straight tip.-Wood
land Democrat.
EXTRA SESSION GOSSIP,
Tn view of the amount of gossip con
cerning an extra session, The »'all lias
figured up the probable cost It finds
that a session of thirty days would coat
$129,000, sixty days (250,000, and ninety
days $379,000.
No one can tell how long the session
might last and consequently what it
would cost; but one thing may be con
sidered certain— any good it would accom
plish would not begin to pay for thi • X
pense. In fact, the session would do more
harm than good, aside from any qvi.
of expense. The people will hope that
Governor Gage will stick to his announced
determination not to call any extra ses
sion.—San Jose Herald.
MRS. CROWLEY IS
TO KEEP HER CHILD
JUDGE DAINGERFIELD RENDERS
A DECISION.
The Father's Offer to Support His
Baby in a Convent Is Not Con
sidered by the Court.
The contest between J. George Crowley,
bookkeeper of the Union Ice Company,
and his former wife, Mrs. Mattie Crow
ley, for the custody of their five-year-old
daughter was concluded before Judge
Daingerfield yesterday morning. Mrs.
Crowley was granted the custody of the
child until the further order of the court.
The parties to the action were prolific
in their charges against each other, and
nad the court taken either side seriously
it is certain that a third person would
have had the care of the child for some
time to come. After counsel and litigants
had concluded their battle Judge Dainger
field decided the case. He said that he
believed that the child was practically an
infant, although aged 5 y< sug
gested, the court held that ed the
t-hilu s grandmother to be a proper p
to have her rare and custody, but
murh as Mrs. Crowley was her n
and miirht through ncr baby's Influence
lead a more quiet life, and since thf- little
one could not be aware of thf matters
presented to the court, he would not
c »ange the decree and hence allowed the
child to remain with her mother Mr
Crowley offered to pay $20 a month for the
care and maintenance of the child in
either a convent or a seminary, but the
court refused to Interfere
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MONEY TO DAWSON— G. R. M.. Oak
lan.]. Cal. A secure way to send money
to Dawson is by postal money order.
GORILLA -F. M. C. City. There
never was a porilla on exhibition at the
. Chutes of San Francisco, but there was
what was known as "The Gorilla Man.''
THE SENATOR-A. S.. City. The
Bteamer Senator that recently left San
] Francisco for Manila has not had her
name changed. She does not belong to
; the government.
LIQUID GAS-H. C, City. As the |
matter of liquid pas is yet in a state of
experiment this department is unable to I
obtain information as to the questions !
I asked in reiatior to the "as and the I
flasks in which it should be contained.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS— J. E. R., City.
The constitution of the Knig-hts of Pyth
ias confines the membership of that or
! der to the white race. There are no |
I lodges of colored men in Chicago that '
are working under the constitution of the
Knights of Pj thins.
CORRECT SENTENCE— Ig.. City. It is
not grammatical to say, "This is not '
I mine, but somebody's else hat," nor "This ;
i is not miae. but somebody's else's hat."
j The phrase "somebody else" has a unit- '
1 ary meaning as if one word, and properly
i takes a possessive case (with a suffix) at
\ the end of the phrase, as, "This is some
body else's hat."
PENSION^— Subscriber, City. There
is nothing known to the pension officers
I as "retired pension officer" of either the i
; army or navy of the United States. If an I
j officer is retired on naif pay, he is not en
titled to pension. If he is a pensioner
I officer his widow is entitled to the amount
I of such pension .as he received, and :f
there are any children, each child under
the age of sixteen is entitled to $2 per
| rronth, that Is in addition to the amount i
paid the widow, until each child has i
reached the age of sixteen.
• SAN LEANDRO BAY— R. 8., Alameda.
Cal. There is no record of the difference !
in time and tides between tort Point and j
; San Leandro Bay. To obtain such the j
Individual desiring the information would j
have to make observations at |the hay i
and note the difference vith observations !
'. at Fort Point. The nearest point to the
bay named at which observations have
been taken is -Uameda. There high
water is eighteen minutes later than at
the point and low water fifty-four mm- '
utea later. The difference in height of I
tide is eight-tenths of a foot highi-r at
Alnmeda taan at Fort Point and two
tenths of a foot lower.
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINQ. >Ipi p
Ln nifirV Manufacturer of PeUfnennd
I. ULULH, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention raid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY..
342 to 35O'Gearv Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books end Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
j. C. WILSON & CO.,
faUO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
~~~~~ COPPERSMITH.
1 JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mpr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and. Ship Work a .Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO, s s o c n co s n t d s a^ s^? n n i
1 FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
Ji^ RfIYFS & Cft Snipping Butchers. 104
JAj. LU ILJ & WV,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.,
MRS. STANFORD'S
SPLENDID GIFT
TO OLYMPICS
Cancels Five Thou
sand in Bonds.
PART OF BIG DEBT ERASED
SOME OTHER BONDHOLDERS
EXPECTED TO FOLLOW.
Directors of the Olympic Club Are
Grateful and Will Show Their
Appreciation to the
Donor.
The board of directors of the Olympic
Club were presented on Saturday with
$5000 of their own bonds. Mrs. Jane Stan
ford was the donor and her cancellation
of the debt due her by the club was a
surprise which the directory will long re
member.
When the present club building was
erected bonds were issued as security to
the subscribers of stock. Since the issu
j ance the bonded indebtedness has re
mained at the same figure which it as
sumed originally. A fair rate of interest
was paid the holders for many years, but
the financial condition of the club was
such that little hope existed for the can
-1 collation of the bonded indebtedness. The
subscribers were chiefly the big capital
! ists of San Francisco, and they put their
! money into the club not as an Investment
■ but rather to serve some public municipal
; end. James G. Fair and others of the
big mining contingent subscribed freely.
; The st'iek was never put upon the market
1 and has no marketable value. Should the
I bondholders determine to press the club
for the payment of the money which has
long become due it would of necessity
force the Olympic Club out of existence.
At the beginning of this year the di
• rectors decided not to pay interest on a
great portion of the bonded debt. The
rity of the holders gave an acqui
re to this action of the board. There
I were some, however, who objected stren-
I uously to this sacrifice of their rights.
i.The matter was finally adjusted without
j the necessity of the payment of the ml
l terest.
The generosity of Mrs. Stanford in the
'■ cancellation of the $5000 of the club bond,s
: has been the occasion of many encomiums
I on the part of the club's board of direct
ors. This is the first big cancellation of
i Olympic bonds since their issuance ten
! years ago. While the bonds were prac-
I tically valueless— for no holder cared to
'< force a sale of the club property— the
board of directors feels deep obligations
|to th( Ity of Mrs. Stanford. It is
ted that many other large bond
-1 holders will follow the course set by her.
Should the Olympic Club be freed from
this heavy ineumbrance by such means
it will be on a strong financial basis
. again.
Mrs. Mohrmann's Will.
The will of Mrs. < '■• tiering E. Mohr
mar.n, who died on the 13th inst.. was
filed for probate yesterday. Decedent's
• ■ -ists of real and personal prop
erty, valued at over $10,000. Annie Cofff-y
and Evelyn O'Donnell, a grandchild, are
bequeathed property in this city at Broad
way and Kearny street and lands in San
Miguel and San Jose. A number of small
bequests are made to Catholic charities
and to friends of the testatrix. The re
sidue goes to Mrs. Louisa Cahill of
Watertown. Mass.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.»
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau < Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Suit for Slander.
Suit was pled yesterday by John T.
Silva through his attorney, George D. Col
lins, against M. J. Scanlon to recover Jo^X)
damages for slander. It is alleged by the
plaintiff that the defendant applied sev
eral indecent epithets to him without
cause. Hence the suit.
Reduced Rate to Detroit and Return
Over Northern Pacific Railway.
The C. E. convention will be held in Detroit
this yrar. commencing July 5. The Northern
Pacific will be official route, as it was in 1597,
when the convention was held in San Francisco.
Over 10,086 people returned East over the
Northern Pacific, and th«y were loud in their
praises over the many beauties seen along the
line. You will have a nice, cool, pleasant
journey, enjoying the most luxurious of accom
modations. Stopover allowed at the ■wonderful
Yellowstone Park. Send 6c in stamps for Il
lustrated book to T. K. Stateler, General
Agent, 63S Market St.. Pan Francisco.
Official Route Christian Endeavor
Excursion to Detroit.
Leave San Francisco 6 p. m., June 29. via
Central Pacific. Union Pacific, Chicago' and
Northwestern and Wabash Railway?, one day
spent at both Denver and Omaha
Round trip rate to Detr ■'.:. fBL For reserva
tions and further information address George
P. Lowell. Transportation Manager California
Christian Endeavor, 1626 Eighth aye.. East
Oakland, Cal.
■ m .
Low Rates to Detroit, Michigan, for
Christian Endeavor Convention.
The SANTA FE ROUTE will make rate of
$?1 for the round trip. Tickets on j-ale Jun«»
23th. For full particulars call at ticket office,
(28 Market street, this city, or 111S Broadway,
Oakland. ,
. ♦ .
There is at least'one real Angostura Bitters—
Dr. Siegprt's— and no other stomach bitter*
"Just as stood." AvnM RiihsMtntPK.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importer* atsn r.. i N
ers In hardware. 603 Market"feT. Mai? ~!i
IRON FOUNDERS. 1
Western Foundry Morton S Hedtev Pro-..
234 Fremont St. Casting of E e r r Da
| ScHptionMadatoOr^jy. B l aC WO?'
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE p^? and paper c °-
> **' "■ ■■ 22 Montgomery Stras'..
PRINTINQ.
TBB HCKS- JUDB CO.. M irya f^*;,
STATIONFR ANO PRINTER.
!^g^PARTRIDGE % n ?»:
VTAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding; Agents and public Weighers. Gen- '
era] Str.rago. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914. i
WATCHES. ETC.
T I lINTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and? V
1- L.UniM, IS-k.- Wedding Rings. 4 3d st. * F
VVHITii ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND uJAL MIXING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
/ Js the Beet Coal In the Market.
Office and X&xds iiO Maiu 6UNUGOODS AND BADS
IN "RICHELIEU"
AT THE ALCAZAR
Morrison Still Stagey
but Picturesque^
-NORMANDY" AT THE GRAND
IVOLI REVIVES OFFENBACH'S'
•THE BRIGANDS."
A Group of New Turns at the Or
pheum — Lambardis Sing
•'Giaeonda'' To-
Night.
Alcazar's lamentable "Hamlet"
veraJ weeks ago was forgotten and
•n last night by means of a very
Me performance of Bulwer
B "Richelieu." Lewis Morri- j
age, arch blandishments and af- :
tions find much happier vent in
early Victorian drama of pnso, wit
: high language than they do in the
1 profound and subtle of the
• .-pearian tragedies. To be frank,
I am not an admirer of Mr. Morrison.
■ my thinking his elaborate scheme of
- vc-racting, his smug, gratuitous
acknowledgment of bouquets that
never are thrown, are Invitations to re
buke. In private life he may be the
::tleman extant, but on
the stage he strikes me as an inflamed
victim of egomania. With the genius
■■"■th lie would still beat the world '
in admiration of Lewis Morrison. Self- \
applause seems to follow his every ef
-
Th^pe unadmirable qualities are not
t in Mr. Morrison's Richelieu.
nnot h"pe to compete with him <
Ltion of it. and yet, if you
tl •■ actor's mannerisms and your
own personal prejudice you will find in , <
i terization much that may be
It is very picturesque for one
and quite forceful in the mo- (
: of melodramatic action. Where
is is in the qui< s, the <
I B, I may call them. In
Mr. Morrison reads his lines with '
:.-ness, blunting nearly '
Int that the author would
■ re wit and delicacy in <
. ■ M irrison can never
.: on the whole the assump
-.'•t unworthy of in.- frequeni <
applause that greeted it last night.
As usual the best work was accom
y Mis? Roberts. While she, j
ined to • motional exaggera- ,
■■• fond of the music of I i
; \ oi< ■ . her Julie is a
ful, vital figure '.■ah tempera
brains in it. De Maupi
'h commendable ardor by
Whit>- Whlttlesey, a new Alcazarian of
robust proportions and amiable :
Mi\ Whittlesey is Inclined ■ ■
human, with the best of results.
Hoy i irgeously arroprant
ls, Frank Denithorne -
Than emasculated as the King
h il fax spoils th- youth, Fran- ;
. i .-• ■ ■ - . B u t in s
lividual faults the performan
- beyond my hop.-s. th- ac
. is fairly fit and the good
worn without perceptible
is Btill worth any
■ ■ ■ ■ tii m.
ASIITi >N STEVENS.
Orpheum.
There are thre< new acta on thi
iill this week. Frai
- ■ ■ ! by < '.1 i-l r ■in
the little costumi
ess of Devonshire." Th
■ ■■■ • :: rts of a I
.: from each other th< fact that'
been having amulet time at a
ball, calls forth tV
■
.. ;e. Will M. Cressy ami I'■
te of "The Old )!■ .-.
uny, present i New Hampsl re epi
il ty. "
\i is : iv «>f tin- Innocent farmer
cum !■■ the wiles of the
city maid. The little play is worked out
■
J Mel
-
• toi m in ;
Alhambra.
Donizetti's opera, "Lucia >li T.ammer
moor," J !•' .••;irdi
Italian Opera Company al tmbra
night to a large and appreciative au-
S c nori t a 1 1 :
a signal succ< I id was- tho
recipient of many floral tributes. She
was particularly effective in the mad
and bad to r< i ■ la with the
. ■ S nor Russo as Edgar
S g i Pedro Bugamelll as Sir Henry
Ash ton were also commendable. The
!, ■- a clear, ringing voice, but in
•a notes he ie disappointing, a defect
final
Bignoi L gani as Raimond.
Ned the favorable Impression be
on his flrsi appearance. The chorus
emed to lack interest in
work. To-night "Giaconda" win be
d with the following casi Gia
S< norita Barducci: Laura. Senorita
; . . i !ic< .i . Senorita LTberto;
: , daracco; Albise, Signor
Barnaba. Signor Ferrari.
Tivoli.
k Offr.nharh's pretty opera. "The Brig- !
sir.ds," which was produced at the Tivoli j
for the first time In 1885, was the drawing
card at that house last evening. It was
cleverly handled by the regular company I
and went without a hitch, barring Grade
Plalated's voice. The little singer has a
severe cold; which did not fit her part. i
Frank Coffin sang In better form than'
usual. Georgle Cooper had the opportu
nity to exhibit a clever bit of dancing,
which was duly appreciated. The choruses
were particularly catchy and well ren
dered. Everybody is Interested in the re
vival of "8h tnu O'Brien." which comes,
oft next week, with Mr. < • Sullivan in the i
title part.
Grand Opera House.
There was a suggestion of old man !
Couldock; a touch Henry Irving and a i
memory of Edwin Booth' Shylock in the i
Miser Gaspard as portrayed by William I
Wolff In the "Chimes of Normandy." The i
audience was prompt to catch on to the
rare performance of Mr. Wolff, and he did
not lack encouragement In the apprecia
tive rounds of hand-clapping that sounded j
during the dramatic episodes of Plan
queue's tureful opera. There was no
body in the cast but Gaspard last night.
True, there was a chorus containing
twenty or more of as pretty girls with !
shapely forms as one could wish to see
There was also Edith Mason, a most at
tractlve Berpolett* . and Hattie Belle La<l<l
and Daisy Thome alternating as Ger
maine, but these were Imply the frame
to the operatic picture. There was no one
last night in the eyes and ears of the audi- \
ence hut Wolff as Gaspard. He was the
hub around which the opera revolved, and i
he gave a fine Illustration of the robust
tyle of old-school acting that was worth
T oing far to see.
Columbia.
Henry Miller and his polished company
are still a strong attraction at the Colum- |
la, where "The Liars," the society com
edy success of several seasons, continues \
SHATTERED HIS SHIN BONE.
OSCAR POWELL, a Boy 11 Years of Age, Arrested
on a Charge of Assault With a Deadly
OSCAR POWELL, a boy 11 years of age. is possibly the youngest crimi
nal hooked at the City Prison on the serious charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. He was arrested by Policeman Galloway yesterday
afternoon and did not at all realize the seriousness of the Vriine
charged against him. He is a bright boy. and the prison officials wei so
struck by his appearance that they placed him in charge of the matron in
stead of locking nim up in a cell with other boys charged with crimes.
Oscar lives at 272 liarriet street and was presented by his parents with
a parlor rifle, 22 caliber. Yesterday morning he went into the hack >ard,
and seeing a knothole in the fence thought he would fire at it and see how
many bullets he could put through it. When he tired the first shot there
was a yell from the adjoining yard and he decided to stop further firing.
Investigation led to the discovery that the bullet had not gone through the
knothole, but had pierced th,- fence board close to n and had struck Elmer
McNulty, a boy seven years of age, who was in the adjoining yard, on the
shin bone, shattering it.
When McNulty's father got home to lunch at noon and learned of the
■ T-.t to his boy, he hurried to the Southern Police Station and insisted
Oscar being arrested for assault with a deadly weapon. The patrol
wagon was sent to the residence of Oscar's parents and he was taken to
the City Prison.
11 tli- week. Xx i Monday brines Au
thonv Hope's "Adventures of Lady Ur
sula,*' and introduce? that excellent act-
Mrs. Thomas Whippen.
California.
The .' ■ ICtors ''ii their way to the
Paris Exposition are the subjects of much
curious attention at th.- California, where
play their native dramas all week.
Olympia.
The Olympia features last night were:
ge Dobson, the female impersonator.
who made a favorabl< Impress
Querita Vincent in her coon smms. buck
~\<l wing dances and swagger costumes,
Mid Herbert and Weston. the musical
iians. who are about the best in
lin< thai have been Been on the
niympia Btage.
The Chutes.
At the Chutes Edward Lovey told prime
I. rand-new stories and sang some original ,
I es to an amused audience last even
ing. Eugene Hughes and I-ina Crews
Hughes gave "A Matrimonial Substitute."
■ -k- teh full of bright lines ;md funny :
situations. Stanley and Scanlon, musical
i om< dians, played on t-nrae unique instru- j
raents, and Mr. and Mrs. Kessing sang '
■. solos and duets.
GREAT ACTIVITY IN
INSTITUTE CIRCLES
MEMBERS ARRANGING FOR PIC-
NICS AND SOCIALS.
Big Fourth of July Celebration at El
Campo — Washington Council's
Outing at Mirabel Park.
! Great activity prevails in Young Men's
i Institute circles at the present time. Sev
; eral of the councils are busy making I
preparations for picnics, lectures and so
cials. The committees having the various .
j affairs In charge met last night at Pioneer
! building' to make all necessary arrange
ments.
This evening the third annual lecture of
Golden Gate Council No. 34 will be deliv
| ered by United States Post office Inspector
J. W. Erwin at Metropolitan Temple. His i
subject will be "What I Saw In Cuba's J
Capital." The lecture will be illustrated i
by stereoptlcon views. On Friday, June |
23, the . same council will initiate over
1 thirty-five candidate? and there will be
' an open meeting and jinks after the initi
| ation.
Washington Council No. 4 has completed
arrangements for its annual picnic at
Mirabel Park on Thursday, June 22.
: Eighty valuable prizes have been donated. I
The boats will leave Tiburon ferry at 9
! a. m. sharp. Following ate the commit
tees having the affair in charge:
Committee of arrangements— J. J. Bernhard,
! J. F. Callaghan, J. J. Duddy. T. M. Searey,
'< John H. Bfhr, Dr. C. A. Glover, Victor Paris,
T. B. Hlllard.
Floor manager— Henry T. Callajjhan.
Floor committee— W. P. Cooper, P. R. Ward.
! F. B. Kane, 'VV. F. Jones.
Reception committee— John McFadden, F. J.
Rlgney, B. L. Bray. W. 3. Fan-ell, Rev. M. J.
Giles, C. .1. Cain.
On Thursday evening, June 29, Golden I
Gate No. 34, Torke No. 508 and Portola '
No. 470 councils will hold a joint district |
meeting at Ocean View. Cooper Council !
No. 310 will receive the visiting brothers,
who have engaged a special trolley car I
and will come with music and good cheer j
to spend a pleasant evening.
The board of management representing
the San Francisco councils of the Y. M. I.
■ is hard at work making arrangements for i
! the Grand Fourth of July celebration to '•
be held under its auspices at El Campo.
Fifteen prizes have already been secured
and It is expected that there will be sev
enty in all. A committee has been ap- i
pointed to prepare patriotic exercises.
The board of management of the v. M. i
I now consists of E. B. Thomas, presi- ;
dent; R. Tobln, vice president: E. J. ,
1 O'Rourke. secretary; D. J. Moynlhan,
! treasurer. Pioneer Council No. I— P. J.
Hagen, R. Tobin. Mission No. 3-D. J.
Movnihan, J. F. Comyns, financial secre
tary. Washington No. 4— D. J. Barry,
W P Cooper. San Francisco No. 7 — D.
J 'Cullten, D. J. Mahoney. Loyola No. 32
—Chris Cummins. Golden Gate No. 34—
D. E. Hayden. J. A. Dunleavy. T. J.
Driscoll. Ignatian No. 35 — E. B. Thomas,
W A Breslin, P. J. Lawler. Columbia
I No 55— W. J. Carlin. Cathedral No. 59—
T F Ryan. Phil Sheridan No. 72— J. E.
Gallagher. Potrero No. 74— James A.
Strain Jr. Borromean No. 129— N. J. Hoey.
Cooper No. 310— M. J. Neubauer. Stros
mayer No. MO— M. Creselia. Vorke No.
50$— T. J. Horan.
_. ♦ »
Souvenir Mailing Cards, ■bowing views
around the city. i:,c a dozen. For sale by all
stationery and the publisher. K. H. Mitch, 11.
225 Post street. San Francisco. •
Aurora's Night.
Aurora Lodge. Knights and Ladies of
Honor, held an open meeting In Union
Square Hall last nicht for the purpose
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 1899.
Weapan
Of entertaining its members am', friends, j
The hall was tilled with members of the ■■
order and others, among whom were
: Protector '/.. T. Whitten. Past:
Grand Protector .Mrs. 1., j. Wheelock and
Grand Secretary 11. W. Qultzow, \V. c.
Major-Gen era I S. B. M. Your>g, U. S. Volunteers.
Hearn, the protector of the lodge, pre-
Bidod, and under his direction there wAs
presented a programme of the following
numbers: Piano recital. Mrs. Fannie Igo;
gramaphone selections; recitation. Afiss
Elsie Tnurman; vocal solo. W. C. Hearn;
piano duet, the Misses Sundberg; select
reading. Dr. A. S. Cook; recitation. Mrs.
L. J. Wheelock, P. G. P., and duet, Mr.
and Mrs. Hearn.
This was followed by a cakewnlk. the
amusing game of Dan Tucker, and danc
ing.
THE DOCTORS' BAD GUESS.
Mrs. Mary Jane Doolin Was Not Af
flicted With a Tumor.
In November. 1891, Mrs. Mary Jane Dun
lin, wife of Michael Joseph Doolin, was
riding in on<= of the old Omnibus Cable
Company's horse cars, when the horses
j ran away and carried the vehicle over a
bank. The passenger was injured, and.
i according to the complaint filed in an
ai tion for damages against the company
; two years later, she was a physical wreck
and mentally impaired on account of the
accident. When the case was on hearing
jin September, lsM. three physicians . > f
' standing in this city testified that they
j had examined the sufferer and found that
I she was afflicted with a huge tumor,
; which they believed was caused or ag
gravated by the accident. The plaintiff
was awarded 120,000 by a sympathetic
jury.
The money was paid over, hut a few
' months later the street car company Went
i Into court and asked for a new trial ol
' the case on the ground of the damages
! being excessive and that newly discov
ered evidence had been found which
would have a material bearing upon the
case. The newly discovered evidence con
sisted of a baby that the woman had
I given birth to a few weeks after obtain
! ing the damages. When the Judge of t hi
j lower court found that a baby and not
a tumor cut an Important figure in the
case, he ordered the Doolins to refund
115,000, or a new trial would he granted.
They refused to give up any of the cash,
and a retrial of the entire matter wa?
! ordered, from which order they appealed.
The Supreme Court thought that there
were enough new features In the case to
I warrant the upholding of the order of the
| lower court.
.
Keeps a Vicious Dog.
A warrant was issued yesterday from
Judge C'onlan's court for the arrest of
Henry Free, a saloon keeper at Seventh
avenue and Fulton street, for allowing an
unregistered dog to run at large. Last
Friday the dog attacked John Bornholdt,
a lame boy, and if it had not been for
the timely Interference of a motorman
would have worried him to death.
BANQUET IN
HONOR OF A
TRUE SOLDIER
Major General Young
the Chief Guest.
A DELIGHTFUL FUNCTION
DINNER GIVEN LAST NIGHT BY
COL. W. R. SMEDBERG.
General Sails for Manila Satur-
day for Another Tour
of Duty at the
Front.
A dinner was given in the red room i
of the Bohemian Club last evening by j
Colonel W. R. Smedberg in compliment j
to Major General S. B. M. Young. The
following named guests attended:
General P. B. M. Young. Mayor James
D. Phelan, General J. B. Babcock. Colo
nel H. B. Freeman, Colonel W. H. For- !
wood: Captain E. H. Plummer, Captain
H. M. Benson, Lieutenant W. R. Smed
berg, Horace L. Hill, John C. Stubbs,
John F. Merrill, William Thomas, Gen- I
eral C. E. Compton, Colonel C. R. j
Greenleaf, Colonel S. Hoffman, Captain j
T. R. Rivers. Lieutenant H. P. How- I
ard, E. O. McCormick, George C. Board- j
man, James B. Stetson. P. M. G. Mr-
Bean, George W. Spencer, Colonel
Thomas McGregor, Colonel W. R. :
Smedberg.
The table decorations, arranged by
Alfred Johnson, weve a marvel of
beauty and taste. The function, which i
began at 7 o'clock, lasted until nearly i
midnight.
Major General Young, who acquired
distinction during the civil war, pnd :
more renown for excellent service on
the frontier, gained additional fame in
the Santiago campaign. He sails for
Manila on the Sheridan next Saturday.
No doubt he will 1»- assigned to -m im
portant command in the Philippines.
Wh> n he left San Francisco some twen
ty months since to take station at Yel
lowstone National Park he was lieu- j
tenant colonel, Fourth United States
Cavalry. He now holds the rank of
major general United States volunteers.
A reception In his honor will be given
at the Occidental Hotel this evening.
STREET FRANCHISES.
Supervisors Delay Granting Rights
Asked by the Market Street
Company.
Nothing was done yesterday by the
Board of Supervisors toward final adop
tion of the franchises asked for by the
Market Street Railroad Company. It was
understood that an agreement had been
reached between the company and the
board and that there would be no obj'-e-
tion to the framing of the franchises as
amended to conform to the wishes of the
Merchants' Association and others.
When the resolutions were presented
yesterday Supervisor Byington offered an
amendment that the Market Street Hail
road Company be Forced to use orna
mental iron poles Wherever it was neces
sary to employ the overhead power sys
tem. The amendment was adopted and
then Byinerton moved that either an over
hear] or underground system of wins be
used at the discretion of the hoard. This
resulted In a wide discussion mid the r-'f
(rence of the entire matter back to the
Street Committee for consideration
The Other franchises, forming parts of
the cross-town rights of way. Buffered the
same fate and will again be considered
by the Street Committee.
COLORED MASONS.
Forty-Fifth Annual Session of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge of
California.
The forty-fifth annual session of the
Most Worshipful Sovereign Grand Lodge
of California Colored Free and Accepted
Masons was opened in the Alcazar build
ing yesterday. There was a constitu
tional representation from the five char
tered lodges and the one under dispensa
tion.MMoss Worthyt s Worthy Grand Master \V II
Mauldin of Sacramento presided :
The address of the presiding officer in
which was given an account of the con
dition of the jurisdiction, his official acts
and suggestions, was after reading re
ferred to the proper committee.
The annual returns show a membership
of 120, distribute^ in six lodges. The re
ports of the grand secretary and grand
treasurer showed that the receipts during
the year were $221, and these reports were
approved.
At the afternoon session the com
mittee presented a report on the address
of the grand master, but as it did not
meet with the views of the representa
tives it was referred back for modifica
tion.
K. A. Clarke. J. H. Barber and R. J
Fletcher were appointed a committee on
honored dead. . .
The session will be resumed this morn
ing.
. ♦ .
Sons of Benjamin.
\ On Thursday evening next the several
lodges of the Independent Order of Sons
of Benjamin will hold a joint meeting for
the purpose of receiving the report of the
representative to the Grand Lodge, which
was recently in session In the city of New
York. A deputy grand master for this
State will be selected, after which there
will be a social hour in the Alcazar.
« ♦ « .
Trunk moved, 25c; furniture, pianos, freight.
Si trial Transfer Co., £30 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
BOHEMIAN CLUB'S
REDWOOD GROVE
A Glimpse of the Forest
THE purchase of the Meeker Grove of redwoods has been effected by the
Bohemian Club. The scheme to buy the grove was submitted to the
members at a special meeting recently and the directors were authorized
to pay the price demanded — $27,500. The issue of sentiment and interest
bearing bonds, with the land and trees as security, was also authorized by the
members of the club.
Before closing the transaction a re-^xnmination of the boundaries was sug
gested, and it was also thought best to have an expert's estimate of the ac
tual commercial value "f the standing timber. The information desired In these
respects whs obtained and all the facts were submitted to the members of the
club. Yesterday final steps were taken to bind the transaction by the first
payment of money.
The Bohemian Club will be highly commended throughout thi country for
the enterprise displayed in preserving at least one of the beautiful groves in
the redwood zone of California. The trees of Meeker' s Grove on the Russian
River are not as lofty and majestic as are the great monarchs of the redwood
forest in Hurnholdt County, but the grove is accessible to S;m Francisco and
easily within the range of tourist observation. Meeker' s drove is but a short
distance from either of two railway lines. Measuring space by time, the for
est reservation of the club is only three hours from the city.
It is assumed that the citizens Of Sonoma County in the region of the re
served grove will appreciate the spirit which prompted the purchase and will
not regard the domain as belonging to speculators. In some quarters of the
West it is not regarded as an unpardonable sin to cut timber on land belong
ing to non-residents.
Among the most earnest and zealous workers on behalf of the enterprise
the president of the club. Vanderlynn Stow, is foremost. His patience, skill
and tact have overcome formidable objections to the scheme. His sincerity
and enthusiasm won him the support of many who were at first Indifferent.
The next midsummer high jinks of the club will be held in Meeker' a Grove
Saturday. July 22. Captain Robert Howe Fletcher has been appointed sire.
DEAD AND FORGOTTEN
FOR THREE WEEKS
LONELY ENDING OF CARPENTER
CARMODY'S LIFE.
Died Suddenly While Preparing to Go
Out for His Usual Evening
Stroll Down Market
Street.
A ghastly discovery was made early
yesterday morning by F. N. Rlaekman,
who resides in the second story of 1723
Market street.
The ground floor was used as a carpen
; ter shop and Bleeping apartment by E. ;
Carmody, a man about 66 years old. The
! shop had not been opened since May 30 or j
31, but Mr. Blackman did not think that
, anything was wrong, for the shop was '
often closed for two or three days at a
| time. But he became aware of an intol- j
I erable odor arising from the rear of the !
, shop yesterday morning, and- he at once i
notilie'd the police. The door was forced ;
1 open, and in a back room the body of
! Carmody was found in an advanced stage
of decomposition. It was fully dressed,
lying back on the bed, with a closed ur
n' brella in the hands, as though the de- ;
ceased had sat on the side of the bed be
fore starting out for a walk. The daily
newspapers to which the deceased had
subscribed, together with letters from the
postofflce addressed to him. were lying
untouched on the floor of the shop. The
oldest newspaper was of the date of May j
i 31 of this year, and it Is likely, in view of
' that fact, that Carmody died on the even
ing of May 30.
An autopsy made by Dr. Zabala yester- I
' day afternoon disclosed valvular .usease
■ of the heart as the cause of death. Car
' mody was unmarried and a native ol Ire
land.
EQUITABLE GAS STOCK.
Directors Deny That the Competing
Company Has Been Absorbed.
T';f report that the Equitable Gaslight '
Company has been absorbed by the San I
Francisco Gas and Electric Light Com
pany through a transfer of a large block ,
of stock has created a great deal of inter
eat in local financial circles. The officers
of the Equitable Gaslight Company deny j
emphatically that their company has |
passed under the control of the older ;
corporation or that it ever will be so ab- ,
sorbed. They insist that the new com- '
pany was organized honestly to compete ■
with the old and has carried out its prom- ;
ise to the community.
A majority of the stock of the new com- i
pany is held in a pooling agreement, the I
most important provision of which Is that i
none of the stock so pooled shall be sold ]
to a rival gas corporation or its agents.
The books of the Equitable Gaslight Com
pany show tjiat no stock has been sold I
since early in April, and that only small
blocks were sold to individual buyers for i
til Kit DEL I y3jP|P£- r _
yUAwIiJ . -^i^^w&fr
Differ but little from the common, every-day '^^JJui^JJH^^ "^ !^k*»^2v^.
sort of quack. The latter fills you up with "J \" (fS^i^jSlsiffl T Z7- '^fl§o^' T**
poisonous drugs, while the former Impose In- _^-' - (^*jKfi^F^^ 'tV^'/J^ &*
ferlor old-style belts upon you at most out- yv ji x^{rf/}fM*™to§' <*£ J>gsCt *** —
rtgeous prices. A good electric belt Is a good '. ' 7 | |M¥"~*f| *^*/^s2^^»
thine for you If you lack ctr'-ngth and vitality, 1 ' / *Sffi i\V
but be sure you jet a good one. We make else- . -^^ *^t^_!^ ST^O^'^WV''
trie belts. Call at our factory and sales. J&Hfi&IJ&L ?a/>'*^<3*«^^.
and examine the goods for yourself. T*»ere are '*fr\]G^&L^l^V*?y&Si_
no quacks connected with our establishment If ' f! s '^fcj|R^jfetoo'^^\
you cannot call, send 2c in stamp? for our ' H x
prlc« list and "Booklet No. I." Address " '
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Markat Street, Opposite Palaco Hotel, San Francisco.
♦ 0-fO+O+O+O+O + O+O -fO+O + O-f •
many months before that date.
The officers of the new company insist
that persistent rumors intended to injure
them in the eyes of the public have been
circulated by the older corporation, but to
no purpose. The new company now en
joys a substantial patronage, is gradually
enlarging its field of operations and claim's
to be competing so successfully with 'he
older corporations as to make itself
feared. In the new company there are
250,000 shares of stock. Of this number
13 <.500 shares are pooled for five years
under the terms of the agreement indi
cated. The officers of the company de
clare that this stock has not been trans
ferred, and even if it were it could be of
no value to a rival company in an effort
to secure control. Of the remaining stock
79.500 shares are still in the treasury and
33.000 shares are held hv individuals. "if all
but the stock which has been pooled were
purchased by a rival corporation the new
company would still retain its own policy
HOME FOR WORKING GIRLS.
Dr. Wilson Makes an Appeal for Its
Support.
An urgent appeal is made by Rev. J.
A. B. Wilson on behalf of the Co-opera
tive Home for self-supporting small sal
aried women at 645 Folsom street. The
home is a new institution and was
founded by Dr. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E. Church last January. It is
the second of its kind in the United
States, the first having been founded by
Dr. Wilson in New York City .some years
ago.
Dr. Wilson's object was to provide a
haven for self-respecting women who. be
cause of meager compensation, find it im
possible to secure agreeable and proper
boarding houses.
The home in this city, which is called
the Co-operative No. 2. is under the ac
tive direction of Mrs. Mary Mackjey and
has been found to work admirably. The
conditions under which young women are
taken into the institution have made it
necessary to appeal for funds to carry
Otl the worthy project. Ine inmates pay
|2.i0 a week if they are able, and some
less. They receive good food and there
is little left after t!ie rent ($27 50) is paid
Mrs. Mackley states that the home is
overcrowded. Girls who need its shelter
are every day refused admission for lack
of room. The house contains but ten
apartments and there are twenty-one oc
cupant:;. It has been found necessary to
place cots in the Kitchen and dining room
to accommodate them. Another and
much more commodious house is needed,
and I'r. Wilson would nKe to see chari
tably Inclined people make the extension
of the good work possible, fie says that
with three months' rent and furniture
for a building he can make the place self
supporting. His idea is to take care of
100 young girls. They are subject to no
rules or regulations, except that they
should conform themselves to the com
mon laws of propriety.
The idea is to give the inmates a two
years" course in household work and the
project is in every way worthy of the
substantial support of charitable people.
Star of the Sea Picnic.
Elaborate preparations have been
raade by the parishioners of Star of the
Sea Church for their outing, which is to
be held to-morrow at Shell Mound Park.
Father Coyle has worker! hard to mak«
the programme of entertainment |
ing, and ho has been assisted by willing
helpers in his parish. Yesterday he an
nouncer! that every arrangement had
been completed, and that nothing but a
downpour of rain, which is not likely to
occur, would prevent the picnic being a
grand success. A larpp number of tickets
have been uispnsfd of and it is believed
that the attendance will exceed first ex
pectations.
Election of Officers.
California Commandery, Imperial
Knights, lias elected the following-named
as its officers for the fnpuing term: S. A.
White, commander: John F. Barnett, vice
commander^ R- Simpson, councilor; John
McCallan. marshal; Joseph Graham, chap
lain: James Rampey. secretary: Oeorsa
R. Gibson, treasurer. -in<l A. Kammerling,
guard. Dr. C. Deichmiller becomes the
past commander.
Court Twin Peaks N>. 7555, Ancient Or
der of Foresters, has elected the following
officers for the ensiling term: A. Carina,
chief ranger: F. A. Irving, sub chief
ranger: A. Smith, financial secretary; W.
T. Plevin. recording secretary: W. T.
Hammond, treasurer; H. Jones, senior
woodward; William Conalogue, junior
woodward; W. Terich. senior beadle: J.
Ernst, junior beadle: J. H. Soper, physi
cian.
Bankrupt Money Depository.
Jiidpp d*> Haven has designated the
Stockton Savings Bank as the depository
for the money of bankrupt estates, with
bonds at $3000.
AMUSEMENTS.
SECOND WEEK
The Most Successful Season Ever in Vogu«
i Here.
Charles Frohman Presents
MR. HENRY MILLER
—AND — -
A SPECIAL COMPANY.
Last 5 Nights Matinee Saturday
Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy,
"THE LIARS!"
' Next Monday June -"' th >
Anthony Hope's Romantic Comedy,
THE ADVENTURE OF THE LADY URSULA!
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
•The scenery is striking and the costumes
! are splendid— quite like an animated Japanese
I screen."— Ashton Stevens, in The Call.
MR. OTTO KAWAKAMI
- — AND
MADAME YACCO,
! Supported by Twenty-five Rising Japanese Ac-
* tors and Actresses.
REPERTOIRE OF SKETCHES:
1 SAYAATE (The Duel)). DOJOJI (The Ter-
n. pie of Dojojl), KUSUNOKI (The Battle of Mi-
! Nato River and Kusunokf's Farewell to His
! Son)). MIHO-NO-MATSUBARA (Dewey Day
I Celebration on the Pine-fringed Shores of
I Mibo)- ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
I RESERVED SEATS— Orchestra. $1 50 and $1;
i Balcony, 50c to $1; Gallery, 25c; Boxes. $10.
, ALCAZAR 5S
THIS TUESDAY NIGHT
AND DURING ENTIRE WEEK.
The Eminent American Actor,
MR. LEWIS MORRISON,
Supported by
Florence Rotrrts and White Whlttlessy,
In a Magnificent Production of
RICHELIEU !
• Next week. "FREDERICK THE GREAT."
ALHAMBRA THEATER,
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
S. 11. FRIEDLANDER, Manager.
Tie Lamtjardi Graaj~lfali2n opera Company
LAST WEEK.
...TO-NIQHT...
First Production of
"GIACONDA!"
REPERTOIRE FOR THE WEEK:
Wednesday "RIGOLETTO"
Thursday "THE MASK BALL"
! Debut of the Great Dramatic Tenor, Signer
' Rlcardo Petrovich.
Friday "MANON LESCAUT"
Saturday Matinee "LUCIA"
Saturday Night "GIACONDA"
Sunday "MIGNON"
RESERVED Seats. Xc, 50c, 7:.c, $1.00 and
$1.50, on sale at the Alhambra and at Sherman.
I Clay & Co. 'a
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GREETBp WITH WILD APPLAUSE. .
Magnificent revival of Offenbach's Merriest and
Most Tuneful Opera,
The BRIGANDS
"WE ALWAYS COME WHEN 'TIS TOO
LATE."
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY!
PICTURESQUE COSTUMES'.
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Next the Society Event— DENlS O' SULLI-
VAN, in the Romantic Comic Opera,
1 "SHAMUS O'BRIEN."
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9
MELVILLE and STETSON,
Character Vocalists and Dialect Impersonators.
WM. M. CRtSSY and BLANCH OAYNE
In "Grasping an Opportunity."
FRANCESCA REDDING,
Assisted by
CARLTON MACY,
In "the Duchess of Devonshire."
TACIANU, HANLEY AND JARVIS, WART.
ENBURG BROS., FRED NIBLO and
McAVOY AND MAY.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPr HOUSE
TELEPHONE 532.
THIS EVENING
Planquette's delightful opera,
THE CHIMES of NORMANDY
OUR NEW PRICES:
Entire Orchestra (Reserved) 3"c and 50c
Entire Dress Circle (Reserved)
Entire Family Circle (Reserved) 15c
Gallery xOc
SATURDAY MATINKE AT 2:15.
Best Reserved Seat in the House ...25c
Family Circle (Reserved) 150
Gallery 100
Branch box office Just Inside main entrance
Emporium.
, CONCERTS AND BESOB.TS.
DdlLlW GREAT REALISTIC
a'-'i^, WAR PANORAMA!
OT Prot - w °- ROLLINS.
\ the eminent orator,
»y| • mm lectures half hourly.
XYlOnilO Market St., nr. Eighth.
Admission, 50c.
Bay! Children, fee.
EJ€*Jf * mujauJHiMUJcammmamm
SUTRO BATHS.
• OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc. .
Bathing, Including Admission, 25c; Children, 20*.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
BUMMART OF THE MARKETS.
Fi'vf-r unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Oats- beginning to weaken.
O m tr.d Rye quiet.
Hay unpettled. Rolled Barley lower.
Bertr.s and Seefls dull.
Potatoes and Onions v»ry firm.
A car of Eastern Poultry s^l*..
ButtT and Egpe dull and weak.
P<\'iohes continue to Improve.
Other Fruits steady.
Previsions unchanged.
Nothing r.e*v in dried fruHs.
Meat market unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
f 120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 19—5 p. m.
-> , following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California Jay :
Eureka 5S San : 'iegt 70
Fresno 96 SRoramento 74
Los Ar.zeles 78 1 Independence ?♦
Red Hluff - 1 v ima 10*
Son Luis 0b1pp0.... 70
?«n Francisco rlnta: Maximum temperature.
."»; minimum, menn, ;."•.
WEATHER CONIHTION'S AND GENERAL
FORK'" A ST.
The pressure ha* risen along the coast of
California and Oregon. It has fallen slowly
over Nevada. Idnlio and ■ • tana.
The temperature has faJlcn about 1<"» degrees
over the ereater portion of the Pnoifir slope.
In the great valleys of California the temper
p.tur^s are again nearly normal. Cooler, cloudy
weather prevails in the wheat growing ac
tions. - :
A maximum wind velocity of thirty miles per
hour from the southwest is reported from Win
n<?rr:r.ora ar-'i a thunderstorm Is reported at
Salt Lake City.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending miinicht, June 20. 1599:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
v.-(=;prly winds.
Nevada- Cloudy Tuesday.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday; probably light show
erf: cooler.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday: cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
; MARKET.
NEW YORK, June • n In stocks
'has evidently reached a sort of equatorial line j
and Is hopelessly becalmed in the doldrums. ;
•with not enough headway to Indicate In which
direction it? course shall finally be shared. ]
Dealings to-day continued profoundly dull, and j
outside of movements of a few special stocks
which were Influenced by Individual causes
the day! a events were inconsequential. As is i
only natural :n a market where the buying de
mand is practically nil. the drift of prices was j
downward, even with a very small body of I
offering? to weigh on the market. Thi-re was •
In addition the sympathetic effect! 1 of an active.
liquidation; coupled with bear pressure in Steel
and Wire. The net results for th<* day are ;
losses in almost all eas^s. and in quite a num
ber of i-asfs these amount to as much a? a point i
or more Steel and V 'ire showed its weakness
from the opening and dropped by successive j
f-tase? without any determined support. being !
manifest to a level of nearly $4 per *.hare below •.
the price of Saturday. The confusion and un- i
certainty as to the declaration of a dividend
at the coming meeting; due to the conflicting !
utterances of those connected with the prop- [
erty. showing tin existence of a dispute among ■
the directors themselves, are responsible for I
this weakness. Heavy lines of this stock were i
taken on by operators on the confident as- i
sumption that a dividend was to be declared, j
Federal Steel and other stocks of companies in !
the steel trade dropped in sympathy. A buy- j
ing demand for Tf-nnessee Coal, which spread j
to Colorado Fuel, had a larjr- influence in j
checking the decline in the whojo group and
effecting the partial recovery, except in Fed
eral Steel, which sold at the lowest on the last i
call. The temporary strength displayed by j
Sugar also served as a sustaininc influence, j
The early drop in the whrat market stiffened ''
the Grancers for a while, but they yielded
acfiin. It is evident that the public and opera
tors in stock? are waiting for the future course
of events in the country's business and Indus- i
try to become more clearly defined. Although |
the buying demand Is at a standstill, present !
holders show no disposition to sell at present I
prices. The market is a waiting one.
Prices of railroad bonds tended to fall, but i
business in them was almost as qui^t as that
in stocks. Total sales, par value. $1,995,000.
United States threes coupon declined 14.l 4 . and j
the old fours coupon advanced *- 4 in the bid :
price.
The total sale? of stocks to-day amounted to i
535.04 r ' shares. Including: American Steel. 47.- !
60ft; American Sugar. 29,200: Brooklyn Rapid
Transit; 29.400; Burlington. 9800: Continental To- '
bacco. 6800; Federal Steel, 36,400: Federal Steel >
preferred. 4«V i ; Louisvill* and Nashville. 4500;
Manhattan, 3000; Northern Pacific. 1300; Peo- '
pie's Gas. 5600; Reading first preferred, 8300; j
St: Paul. 9700; Union Pacific, 6S00; Atchlson
preferred, S600: Baltimore and Ohio. 3700; Chi
cago Great Western. 330 ft; Denver and P.lo
Grande preferred, 5600; JTenr.e«re Coal and ■
Iron. 24,300.
SING STOCKS.
Atchlson 17'ijFt L& S W... 12 !
Do prefd 54 Do prefd :?mj '
Baltimore & Ohio. (St Paul 125*4
Canada Pacific C-6 Do i refd 172' 2 ■
Canada Southern."; 53 Jsl P &■ Om 98 !
Cent Pac ja^ . Do prefd 170 !
Ches <fc Ohio 244 150 Pacific ? .i, i
Chi & Alton IF,m : Do prefd 49% |
f'hi R & Q 1304 Texas & Par .. is*; j
Chi A: E 111 70 ■"• ID Pacific .... 35^
Do prefd 117 | Do prefd 73H !
Chi O W "-. 'Nor & W prefd . 67*4 :
Th! Ir.d St L ?> Wahash 7*. :
" ■• prerd 37H Ho prefd 19%
'•' W 153 Wheel &L E new. B*4 j
Do prefd Y<2 I Do I'd prefd 23*, I
C<: C &-8t L 54 ! Express Companies— ■
Do prefd f-7 Adams Ex HO I
Del A.- Hudson 118% American Ex 13' !
Del I, & W . . . . 169 United States .... 45
Den & Rio G 22 Wells Fargo 123 I
Do prefd 7*54 Miscellaneous
Eri- new 12U A Cot Oil 35 ]
Do Ist prefd .... 34>; Do ; refd 9]
Ft Wayne : , i«4 inn Spirits 10% !
Gr Nor prefd ::.".1»574 Do pr°m 31 :
Glucose fifi'-i Am Tobacco ... PSU
Illinois Cont 111% Do prefd 140 "
Lake Erie & W... its Cnns Gas ism; !
Do prefd 674 Com Cable Co ....179
r.ake Shore I'*\ Col V <■> Iron .. W. j
Louis & Nash «ij Do prefd 106 '
Manhattan L 11l Gen Electric 11714 j
M*t St P.y i<a\ Haw Cornl Co. . no ;
Mich <>nt 113 Fed Steel 61
Minn *St L... r.6 Do prefd .. 91% !
r»o 2d pr»fd 92 Intnl Paper 40** '
Mo Pacifl.' 4rt Do prefd . 75
Mobile & Ohio ?.s La lede Gas 73% !
Mo X & T 11 *» Lead 2!"- !
r>o prffd ' : : 4 Do prefd . . . 110 j
S .1 Central 115*4 Brooklyn R T lif.s; '■
N V Central 131% Nat Lin Oil 3*. I
V V Chi 6 St 1.... 1V U Pacific Mail 46% !
Do Ist prefd e.n People's Gn* US", i
Do 2d prefd .... 2« I man Pal ... 156 1
N"r. r West lf'^i Silver Cert ..1... CU :
No Amer <~n 11> . Stan lard R * T.. 7% I
No Pacific ■!.-, 7, Sugar 151*1 !
Do prefd .. .74", Do prefd 1174 i
Ontario fi- W 264 T C & Iron 61H
Or R <?- Nay pfd.. 63 IT 8 Leather 5%
Pac Coast 3S Do .-!... 69 ]
Do l«t prefd .... L T 8 Rubber .... ?,V/.
Do 2d prefd .... 54% Do 1 refd 116 '
Pit'shurcr I=2 West I'nion 90>i
P.ending SOU Am S & W C 0.... 55^
Do 1«t prefd 60>i Do prefd 95
R G W 33 Cnn Tobacco 43« i
Do prefd 7* Do 1 refd M
Rock Island ... 111.; Colo So fjs; I
St I- : . • P F t Do lei prefd .... 42
Do -■■■ 1 ■ '■■', Do 2d prefd lii
Do 2d prefd .... 3?.% Nat Pteel IMt
Fo Railway inij Do pi afd . . S9»i
CLOSING BONDS
CB it reg - inovj M X & T 2d8.... 66
Do Ss 109 Do 4s 9g7i
Do coup 10S*< N y cent Ists... US% !
V S'n»w 4s reg 13014 N.l Cent gen ss. 121
Do coup 131M2 North Carolina 6s 12;
17 S Id 4b reg 112>4 Do 4s 104 !
Do coup 114 N I* Ists "113 1
V B ?,? Reg 112% Do 3s ,[ 6 7
Do coup 112% Do 4* 105
District 3Me 119 N VC & 8 L 4R..!107«
Ala class A 110 Nor A- \\ con U 95U
Do "■ 110 Do gen Bs ■■-
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ..10fl I". 4f lO™>4 '
Atch pen 4s lor-4 O S Line 6s ..' 132U
Do adjt 4<» 53% Do con 5s ... . lli'A
Canada So Zds ....111 Reading Gen 4s '. 91 1
C a. O 4Us :<4 r ; R <•; W tata .100U
Do 5s US'.; BL&IM Con ss. .mvi
Cft N Con 7? 144 P I. & S F Gen 6s 128 :
Do deb Ss 122 Bt P Cons' 170 I
Chicago Term 4?..lf'2'i Ft P C ft P 18tn.'124
D *■ R G let? 106 Do 5s \->i 1
Do le ' 103450 tlj ss .... '"in
H TVa &Ga l»tsJos% Standard RAT 6« <: :
"rie Gen 4s 73 .Venn new set 3s .. P5 !
Pt w a D c Ist?. si<4,Te« a- Pac 15t5. .113 i
Gen Electric 55. ...US Do ids ... K4«
B H A 5 A f-s 113V41U P 4!> . . ""insi-i
Do 2ds JOvi^iWabash lsts ... 11714
H & T C 5a 113 • Do Ids ir ,i
Do Con 6s 119 .West Bhor<> 4*... 115T4
lowa Cent Ists ..115 Wis Cent lsts .. 7<u
X C V & G lsts.. fi2H Va Centuries «<;
1.1 new con 4s . 110% Do deferred iv.
I. * N Unl 4s .... 99 VtnXa Bo 4s 55%
MINING STOCKS.
"hollar 25 1 Ontario S 00
Crown Point 22 Ophir 99
Con Cal & Va 1 35 Plymouth 10
I wood -"' Qulcksllvpr 2 00
Gould & Curry 20 Do prefd 780
Hale & Nor cross.. 2* Sierra Nevada CO
Homestnke 60 00 Standard 2 25
Iron Silver 55 I'nion Con- 32
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket 32
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— !'nion Land 74
Call loans 3^4 West End ';3 ! ;
Time loans 3^J4'4 Do prefd. ex-dIv.U4U
Stocks— Brooklyn -It T 115«
A T & St Fe 17% Bonds-
Do prefd 64 Atchlson 4s .......1024
Amer Sugar ISIS Mining Shares —
Do prefd UK Adventure 10
Bell Tel 340 AUouez Mm C 0.... 84
Boston & Albany. zr, i Atlantic 31 |
Boston L 107 Boston & Mont 340
Boston & Maine... l 92 Butte & Boston... 75%
Chi ". & Q 130-H Calumet & Heela..7Ss
Ed ■ tec 111 ......J IVntennial 334
Fltchburg prpfd ..117 Franklin l^ : i
I Gen Electric 117% H'imbol«lt -' i
Fed Steel 61 Osci ols 9 3
j Do ! wfii S2 Quincy 150
M<?x Cent 1"'- fanta Fe Copper.. 12
I Mich Tel 99 Tamarack 108
i Old Colony 202', Winona 14
: Old Dominion 37 Wolverine 44
. Rubber S3 Utah 4.'"i
' Union Pn -.. 39Vi
LONDON FINANCIAL MARKET.
NEW": YORK. June 19.— Th« Commercial Ad-
I vertluer's London financial cablegram says:
I There was general depression in the market?
| here to-day and bear points were numerous.
The Berlin discount rate was rais-ed to 4% per
cent, the Transvaal news was disquieting, the
i Emperor of Austria was ill. Paris was flat on
the Spanish financial proi>osais for a tax on
th.- internal debt and th« attempt to impose
I the me tax on the exterior debt.
1 Spanish fours fell to 62^. but recovered to
63% r.n Paris buying to cover sales of African
mines and Tlntos. They closed at 63.
Americans -• . i.- ■ all" day. closing at tn< *
I worst. Tlntos were 44 5 » on Paris «alt>s. based
on a rumor that the output will be taxed. Ana
i ondas were in 7-16.
- -• ■. ■
LONDON, Jur.*
Northern Pacific preferred, ::v «'•
:• . Atchison, 17V :■■■ ney, '« per i-e:-.t . bar
sliver steady, W%d
NF'-V TOKK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June I?.— FLOUR- Receipts.
19,988 barrels; exports "500 barrels. Firmly
held. Winter patents, $3 90@* 10; winter
straits. $3 5533 ■"" ". Minnesota patents. $4 <S3
4 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 115.375 bushels; exports.
150,100 bushels. Spot No. ! red, S V t. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, Bfttc elevator: No. 1 North
ern Puluth, S44c afloat f. o. b. ; No. ■ hard
Duluth, 88^4c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
nvak tinder bearish Liverpool cables and re
ported rains in South Russia. A subsequent
rally on the small visible supply increase was
followed by unloading and decline. The close
was steady on a late denial of the Russian
news with prices H'a^fC lower. July. s:V'3"?3c.
closed at S2 s 4 c: September, S2 7-16^?S3 3-lfio.
rinsed at S3c; December, S4'- . ffS4»*e, closed at
HO? - Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
!. Steady.
METALS— The metal market started the
week showing considerable Irregularity, but
very little activity. Tin and spelter developed
softness, while lead displayed a fair degree of
strength. News was conflicting ar.d r..id?a tc
the uncertainty. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIG iron— Warrants entirely nominal at
-
LAKE COPPER— DuII with 118 2! bid and
I ■
TlN— Pull and easy, with J25 55 bid and
■
% LKAD— Quiet but firm at J4 50.
SPELTER— DuII and unsettled at J6 25 nom
inal The brokers' price for lead is *4 25 and
for copp»r Jls 25« MS 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady and un
charged to ." points lower. Sales. 5250 bags, in
cluding July. J4 *>: August. J4 71: October,
jl cj;; December. J4 :": January, S."> 20: April.
J", 50; May. J5 53. Spot Coffee— Rio dull and
nominal. Mild barely steady.
SfG\R— Raw about steady. Fair refining,
4>*e. Refined eter.
Bl'TTEß— Receipts. 19,4^0 packages. Market
firm. Western rearoerj', 15015% c: factory,
li'pHc.
j.;r,GS— Receipts. 11.699 packages. Market
firm. Western. 154 c; Southern. 9{jl2c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. June IP.— California dried
fruits quiet and steady.
Evaporated Apples — Common. 64"57 c: prime
wiro tray, S l 4<§S4c: choice, 84'gS*ic; fancy,
• -
A.PRICOTS— RoyaI. 13@14c: ■.•■■• 14'51>c.
PEACHES-Unpeeled. ll©l3c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
1 • :. ■ ■ ■ - '' I
i CHICAGO, June 19.— confidence of |
j wheat traders who have been buying on the j
I belief that the Prussian crop had been ruined
by drouth- was staggered at the opening by i
1 cables reporting good rains in some parts of j
j the drouth-stricken districts and by a break :
i of l^d at Liverpool. The news took a cent off. i
j the price of wheat the curb and the open- ;
j lr.g quotations of the regular session showed j
even more decline, September starting at '
[ 77 5 >'5 77 i «c. compared with yesterday's closing ,
1 price of -.-. A brief recovery to 7*c took j
i place under buying by scalpers and moderate :
; covering by shorts, but the decidedly bearish [
; tone of domestic news soun checked buying! '
■ One of the most important factors was the !
! enormous receipts at primary Western points, ;
1,022.000 bushels, against 103,000 the corre
spending date of 1898. The weather through- !
out the West and Northwest was reported tav- I
i orable. Private ad\ i«'es from Russia said the
; reporte rains came u>o late for any materiHl ;
■ benefit to the crop. The visible supply showed !
i an increase of but 326.'' l ««'> bushel . a third of •
'■■ what had been expected. The huge primary re- ;
: ceipts kept the market weak until in the after- ,
', noon, when reports of hct winds in Kansas '
i and Nebraska caused some apprehension, on i
! which September rallied to 7M»c and closed at \
j that point.
Corn as a whole was dull. The market I
1 opened weak with wheat, but prices Boon re- i
i covered and the market ruled steady to the 1
j close. September left off unchanged. :
; oats were Irregular, firm for July, but weak j
! ar.d lower for September. July was influenced j
I by moderate stocks and the good cash demand j
; and closed '«■■ higher. September closed 'V' ;
; lower.
Provisions, though dull with the exception of
i a few minutes around the opening, were j
! steady later, but lower hog prices had some ;
! effect. There was buying early by packers, and j
1 later in the day local shorts covered moderate- ■
I ly. Prices advanced all around, September j
: closing 10c higher, lard a shade higher and ribs 1
; 5c higher.
': The leading futures ranged as follows:
! Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. |
> Wheat No. 2—
! July 76% 77 76' i 76% |
1 September 77 3 7^ 2 77% 7-'« 1
j December 7914 80!, 79 79%
Corn No. 2 —
! July 34% 15% 34% 3" i
September 34* t 35% 344 35% !
j December 341, 34% 34 ...
! Ju7y tS No. 2— 24*g 24»i 244 24% |
July 24V 24% 24% 24 i
i September 22% 22^ 21 7 i 224 '
! May 24% 244 24% 24% j
1 Mess Pork, per barrel —
i July 8 17% 8 324 8 17% 8 324 I
I September * 374 S6O 8 374 SSO
Lard, per 100 pounds— :
1 July 4 974 5 02% 4 974 6 024
■September 510 5 174 610 6 174
i Short Ribs. per 100 pounds— .
: July 4 67% 4 72% 4 67% 4 7:' ;
I September 4 524 4 87% 4 824 4 87%
i Cash quotations were as follows:
i Flour, firm: No. - spring wheat, 75%@76%c:
j No. 3 spring wheat. 73'57t) 1 4c: No. 2 rea. 77". 1
1 78c; No. 3 corn, 35Vic; No. 2 oats, 2G'S27c; No. :
i 2 white, 29% c: No. 3 white. 28@30c; No. 2 rye,
1 62c; No. 2 barley, 37%@39c; No. I flax seed,
:Jl 08; prime timothy seed. $2 35®2 40; mess
j pork per barrel, $7 r.2v</$ 324; lard, per 100
i pounds, 1506 02%: short ribs sides (loose), J4 55
j (§4 85 J dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4 5 -«fi4 7 -.c;
short clear sides (boxed). $4 95 5 ; whisky, dls- .
I tillTS 1 finished goods, per gallon, SI 26.
j Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
1 Flour, barrels 13.000 6.000
I Wheat, bushels 114,000 6.0*"i0
! Corn bushels 449.000 904.
j Oats bushels 2"..0n0 299/00
Rye. bushels 3,000 600
Barley, bushels 10,000
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 134tn8c. Dai
ries, 11@15%c. cheese, firm, B®B%c. Eggs,
steady. 12'i«ri24c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 1 6 3 6 4 j
Closing « 0% 6 24 6 3-S '
PARIS FUTURES. .
"Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 19 90 20 65
Closing 19 &5 20 S5
Flour- 42 70
Opening 42 70 i :'
Closing 42 90 28 40
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
I The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit |
!at auction to-day, realizing the following
■ prices: ;"'- '
MONTREAL. June 19.— Burbank Plums, sin
gle crates, Jl 9692 20, average J2 09; Abundance
Plump, Jl 60®2 06, average, $1 93; Royal Apr:'-
V 5591 1". average $1 92; Yosabe Plums, aver
age, *2 05: Tragedy Prunes, average $2 05; Cly
man Plum*., SI 1091 43. average Jl 30; St. John
Peaches, boxe*,, average $1 60; Hale's Early,
average $140; Alexanders, average Jl 1:.. Car
grossed $1770.
I NEW YORK, June Burbank Plums,
Finale crates. $1 / >f?2 45, average J2 25; SimonS !
1 j Prunes, $1 60@l 90. average Jl 79; Tragedy
Prunes, .$1 30iT2. average Jl 71; Abundance
Plums. $1 35igl 70, average $1 53; Royal Apri
! cots, 96c952 30, average ?i 74; Clapp'a Favorite
i' •-. boxes, average $2 56; Wilder Pears, Jl 95
fjJ2 25, average $1 ■>''■: St. Catherine Plums, sin- I
gle crates, $1 05<i?l JO, average $1 28; ciyman
Plums, Jl©l 35, average tl I"; Hale's Early I
Peaches, boxes, BSc9fl 20, average $1 02; Alex- i
anders, B0c&$l 66, average Me; Royal Hatlvt i
Plums, single crates. Jl 10#l 30. average Jl 25
Eleven cars sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA. June 19.— Royal Apricots
single crates, tl Rs'?2 75. average 12 52: Bart
lett Pears, half boxes, average J2 30; Tragedy
Prunes, single crates, $1 SCKi2 05, average Jl S3
--i Bui bank Plums, {1 45@l i 5, average 11 &6;
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALT,, TV ESDAY, JUNE 20, 1899.
Wilder Pears, half boxes, average Jl 65: Abun
dance Plums single crates, $1 3'>s?l M, average
I $1 56; St. Catherine Plum!;, average $1 20; Royal
! dative, average Jl 20: Hale's Early Peaches,
boxes, average Jl 10; Alexander Peaches. Jl of"?
I 10, average $1 OS; Garland Peaches, average.
! $1 06: Clyman Plums. single crates. $1 0501 20.
average $1 14. Three car? sold to-day.
BOSTON, June 19.— Tragedy Prunes, single
crates, Si 3003 06. average J'- 16; Burbank
1 Plume. $1 3091 96. average Si 75; Simon] Prune*
II lfySt 25, average 12 09: Royal Apricots, fi iv (
! 2 05, [average 51 v ' ; : Abundance Plums. $1 100
I l ■*' average $1 61: Clyman Plums, HVe©*l 50.
average We; St. John Peaches, boxes, average
$1 40; Kale's Early. 50©86e. average We; Alex
ander Peaches, 65c©*l, avers** 80c. Eight enrs
I sold to-day.
CHICAGO, June I?.— Simont Prunes, single
crates. $1 3052 10. average $1 79; Tra^tdy
Prunes, average $1 M: Royal Apricots. Jl K»5?l 95.
average $1 58; Clyman Plums, 9tVsf Jl JO, aver
age Jill: Alexander Peaches. Bs©Ssc, average
7fn?; HsJe'a Early, average STc. Six cnr» •old
to-day.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO
CHICAGO, June Receipts of C*ttl« to
day were unusually large and prteM In con
seciuence ruled about 100 lower. ">«dllU cat
tie were especially small and weak. Q ■■■•' to
choice brought $4 9i>!?f 50; commoner trades
selling at M 30^4 SO; feeding cattle, ? ; 50*f5;
bulls, cows and heifers. J2JYS 10, the latter price
for choice heifers; Wester) fed steers. H SSg
6 S5; Texans. J3 50t?5; calves brought M Si^T.
The demand for hog* was good, and al
though receipts were targe prices wen only
sliphtly lower. The la;.- market wa* firm.
Light 'hogs sold at JS «503 SS; mixed lot* at
» fisff3 S2H. and heavy, 13^3 S2»»; P'B»
broupht $3 SOXf3 3 and culls, Jl 50ij3 60.
Prices for sheep and lambs ruled firm at
the recent advar.ee. Sheep sold at $5 50-S'S 50
for culls up to SoffS 2S tor choice to prime
flocks Yearlinps brought 5 ":( Col.irndo
wooled lambs. $6 50©« S.S: cllppeti lambs, «4 ROif
£.' and spi - laxnbs. 54 SOJiT 50.
eipts— Cattle, 8.000; hogs, 47,000; sheep, ,
■- ■
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June Consols, 10» B-l«: silver.
K\i; French rentes, lOlf 40c; wheat carg m
off coast, buyers and sellers apart: cargoes on
psssage. more Inquiry; cargoes Walla Walla,
CPs 9d: import into United Kingdom, wheat,
970.000 quarters: import into United Kingdom, j
flour. 192,000 pounds; wheat and flour on pas
sage to United Kingdom, 8.160,000 quarters;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent, 1.640,
--000 quarters: Indian shipments wheat to United |
Kingdom. 96,000 quarters: Indian shipments !
whfat to Continent. 52.000 quarters.
LIVERPOOL June 19.— Wheat, dull; wheat In
Paris, steady: flour Id Paris, firm; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 13-32 d.
closing.:
LIVERPOOL. rune 19.— WHEAT— ! red
Western winter, lull, 6s U%d; No. 1 red North
ern Pu'.uth, 6s 4d. Futures— Firm: July, 6s Vi;
September, 6s 2'- : d; December. 6s 3 & »d.
CORN— Futures— July, Ss 5Ud; Sep
tember, Sb 6»sd.
VISIBLE SUPPLY OF GRAIN.
NEW YORK, June 19.— The statement of the |
visible supply of grain in store and afloat, as
compiled by the New York Produce Exchange
on Saturday, June 17, is as follows:
Wheat — 37.943,000 bushels; increase. 226,000.
C0rn— 12,661,000 bush.els; decrease, 605,000. Oats— I
7,353,000 bushels: decrease. 780.000. Rye — 519.000
bushels; decrease, 72,000. Barley. 1,359,000 bush
els; increase. 55.000.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June 19.— COTTON— Easier.
Middling,
BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, 111., June 19.— Butter— Offerings of
.-. < re all Bold at > .
PORTLAND'S P.rSINK?S.
PORTLAND. Or., June 19.— Exchanpos $"2fi.
--;:■• . ! .t mces, $61,112.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., June l!>.— The wheat mar
ket was weaker to-day on the strength of un
settled markets in the East and a poorer -or-
I. Wall.i Walla was quoted at 58
. with Bluestem about
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., June 19.— The week opened
with a better feeling in wheat circles, and
— ■ .■'. up ■_■' for Club, 62i for Blue
■ ■ ■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, fin days — 14 '6 1 *
Sterling Kx<-hansre, sight — 4 88H
Sterling Cables — 4 S9' <
New York Exchange, sight — 12Va
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 49%g50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago opened lower on cables.
Beerbohm reported rain in Southern Russia.
There were more buyers than sellers at the
decline. The Continent bought, but there was
local Belling at the decline. The absence of
cash d?mand made the crowd bearish. Berlin
bought heavily in New York.
The local market was quiet, with a decline
in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 OS%!gl vat; milling,
$1 12>/i@l 16.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— l2,ooo ctls, $1 19%;
10. WO, $1 19%.
Regular Morning: Session— December— 4ooo ctls,
Jl 19%; 12.000, 51 20.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctte,
Jl 20%; lb.ooo. Jl 20.
BARLEY— New Barley is coming in heavily
and the market Is rapidly declining. No. 1
Feed is freely offered at 90c to arrive.
Feed, new, £oig-&sc; old, $1 024@l 05; Brew-
Ing, $1 07%@l 10 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Infcrmal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new 2000 ctlß, 84c.
Regular Morning Session— December 2000 ctls,
86% c.
Afternoon Session— December— 8000 ctls, 86% c.
OATS— The plenitude and weakness in Barley
and the near approach of the new crop have
weakened the market, which Is slightly lower.
The demand is Door.
Fancy Feed, $1 4-W1 17% per ctl: good to
choice, $1 40fil 42V4; common. $1 324&1 37V4:
Surprise Jl 50@l 65; Gray. Jl 35fil 40; Milling.
<: 45@1 60 per ctl; Red, $1 S2Vj@l 37%; Black,
$1 30.
CORN Receipts from the East are large and
the market is quiet and unchanged.
Small round Yellow, Jl MiCGI 35: Eastern large
Yellow. $1 12%; White, $1 15; mixed, Jl 10 per
ctl: California White. II ITA<SI 224.
RTE B7V4c©« Per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extra?, 13 40>!}3 50; Oregon
and Washington, J3 4Oig3 45 per barrel for extra,
S3 25®3 40 for bakers' and $2 20(82 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 It>s; Rye Flour. J2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50: ex
tra cream Cornmeal, J3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50*94 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25<g3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, J4(£f4 25: Cracked Wheat, J3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), J6 550* 95; in sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, J4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The market is In a curious condition. Th»
best grades nre weak and the common are
firm. The weakest description is No. 1 wheat,
which is arriving too freely, and is lower.
Alfalfa, on the contrary, is so scarce and the
demand for It is so sharp that a cargo found
eager buyers at J7.' The other sorts stand
about the same.
Rolled Barley is lower.
BRAN— 50@17 per ton. *
MIDDLINGS— IIB9I9 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley, 521 50 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. }27525; jobbing, J2S 50
ffi29; Cocoanut Cake, 120821; ''ornmeal J23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24^25; Mixed Feed $I.V<2
16: Cottonseed Meal. 124026 per ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat, tlo@ll for good to choice
and $$S0 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat J^'a
10; Oat. S7e9j Barley, (698; Alfalfa, nominal S
NEW HAY— Wheat. JS@lO: Wheat and Oat
$8 B0@9; Wild Oat. J7@S; Alfalfa, J6@7 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 2S@SOc per bale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
Th*re is nothing new to report, the market
bring dull.
BEAMS— $1 40@l 50; Small White. J2®
2 074; Large White, Jl-60@sl 65; Pinks. Jl 65©
1 R5; Red?. J3 40; Blackeye. J4®4 10; Butters,
nominal; Llmas. J3 90@4; Pea. Jl 85®2 15; Red
Kidneys, J2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 2^@'3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed
2\c per lb: Alfalfa, 9®34c: Rape, 3@34c-
Hemp, 4Vi«f44c: Timothy. 4»i@6>4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60®l 90; Green Jl 75
62 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onion? sold off briskly under a
fine shipping demand for the north. String
Beans^were also firmer, ("abbace continued
to ■line.
POTATOES — New Peerless. $1 75@2; new
Early Rose. $1 Eo@l 75; Burbanks, %l 7502 per
ctl on the wharf.
ONIONS— 45550 c per sack for red and
DOC'S SI per ctl for SiTversklns.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50c^|l 25 per box
for No I $1 5091 75 for No. 1 and $2 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 25@75c per box: Green Peas.
■ • per It> String Beans. 2'fi 4.- for <»reen.
< ■ rugee and 2#4c for Golden wax:
Horsp Beans !o@soc per sack; Cabbage, 65c;
Tomai es, 51 - fS per b-x: Mississippi Toma
toes J' ' ■ i Egg Plant, lOGI2HC r^r lb;
Garlic. !@4o for new; Dried Okra, 15e perll>;
Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, B@lsc; < ar
rot» 30 ■ 10c per sack Sacramento and Marys
vi!!e Cucumbers, 50c@$l per box; Summer
Squash 26 fsOc per b< \ for Vacaville and B6c®
Jl for Bay; Green Corn, 10920 c per dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 15c for Turkeys. HO
4 50 for Ducks. $1 25 for Geese, $7®7 50 for Hens,
j4-..i- JO for old Roosters, and $3 for Broilers.
'■ Another car goes on to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12^4@lSc for Gob
: blers and mi©l3c for Hens; Geese per pair
$1«1 :;.. Goslings. $1®128; Ducks. $4©6 for old
and $4 SOU'S for young; Hens. J.i 60©6 60; young
Roosters $6©S; old Roosters, $5 60®6; Fryers,
J4 50©5; Broilers. $35fl for large. »2@2 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 ■ •>'- per dozen for old and
Jl «>t\ji?l 76 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
mTTKR. CHEESB AND EGGS.
Butter and F.gsr* continue to drag and are
very weak. The top quotations are still ob
tained, but with difficulty, and most dealers
are shading to sell. Cheese stands the same.
BUTTEK—
imerj Fancy Creamery. IS® 19c; seconds.
17017 He
jjairy— Fancy, 17??17Hc: good to choice. 169
l«i«ic: store, li"<il.v per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, Sc; old, 7^c;
Young America. S.yiOc: Eastern, 13®16c
FGGS— Quoted at 16@16Hc for store and 19®
20c per dozen for ranch: Eastern. 16fl6ViC for
No, l and 14 j ISc for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for fr^-es and $30 for clings; Aprl-
Cwts, $80650 per ton, according to size, quality
nn.l district; Bartletl Pears, $40@46 per ton;
Green an.! Yellow Plums, $1: per ton.
Peaches were firm yesterday, and everything,
ci, n th« old carr I '■<■ cleaned up at
a slight advance. Apricota and Plums were
steady. There were fewer Apples and Pears
on the market.
Black Cherries are solng out. Royal Anne
are weak.
A good demand for all kinds of Berries keeps
stocks from accumulating.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 2.".*?40c per small and 50@85c per large
box and 25&30 c per basket; Crabapples, 40@60c
per box.
BERRIES- Blackberries. $4@6 per chest; from
Newcastle. 40fafi.'.c per crate; Strawberries, $10
per chest for small and %?S<iA for large berries;
Raspberries, ?r»fi 7 per chest; Newcastle Rasp
berries, 76c per rate; Logan Berries, $3@5 per
chest.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, $1 25@1 50 per
crate.
Currants, J406 per chest.
Cherries, 40!&S5c per box for black; Royal
Anne, 50c@$l: black, in bulk, 7@loc per Ib;
Royal Anne, 7@9c; cracked Cherries, 4'Q6c.
Green* Pears, 30@50c per box. according to
size, and 25@30c per basket; Bartletts, nominal.
Figs, 50!jj"f.c per drawer and $ligl 25 per box
for black and — — tor white.
Apricots, 40@85c per box and 40c per basket
for Royals.
Peaches, 23f?60c per box and 40*f50c per bas
ket.
Plums, 25@Wc per box; Prunes. BOc@Sl per
crate; Japanese Plums, $1 50 per crate.
Cherry Plums, 15@25c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 5004 per
box; Seedlings. $1 25&2 25: Mediterranean
Sweets, I 2&3; Lemons, $1 50©2 for common and
52 50g3 for good to choice; Mexican I^ini- - m
4 50; California Limes, 25'<130c per small box;
Pomelos, 50cti$l: Bananas. $1 ."Of > 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $I©2 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6i*c for 40-sO"s, 5c
for 50-60" 4c for 60-70' SV^^^c for 70-80'
2 1 i*'83VtC for 80-90*8, 2%©2\c for 90-100' a and
2@2V«c for l UO's; Peaches. 8%@9%c for good
to choice. lfl^lOHc for fancy and 14@15c for
peeled; Apricots, old crop, 12%@>13c for Royals
and 14@15c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples
nominal; sun dried, out; Plums, nominal, lUr
for unpitted and 4%©« C fr,r pitted; Pears, 3@
Pc. rdlng to color, etc
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4»;c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3V4c for Seedless Muscatels and il 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2»i@3e.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts, s@Sc
for hardshell. 10®llc for softshell; Almonds, 8&
9c for hardshell. 12@13< for si ttahell. 14Q16c for
papershell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4V»'a
5c for California; Coooanuts. $4 50!&5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and $O9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 64^
7c; light amber extracted, «U@6V4c; dark, 5®
o^tc per tb.
BEESWAX— 2S927c per Ib.
PR' (VISIONS.
The demand continues gond at unchanged
mi' t&tions.
CURED HEATS Bacon, 8c per n> for heavy.
S4<g9c for light medium. 10%+yilc fop light. 12c
for extra light and 12%513c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. 11%@12%c: Cali
fornia Ham.-. 10%@llc; Mesa Beef. $13 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. Jl4; Family Boef. $15615 60;
extra prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear. $16 50;
mess. (1 Smoked Beef, 12c per !b.
LARD— Tiercea quoted at sK@s%c per Ib for
compound and 6%@7c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 7>*c; K-tb tins--. 7%@Bc; 5-lt) tins.
COTTOL.ENE- Tierces, 6?4@6%c; packages,
lesg than 300 lbs, 1-lh rails. 6n in a i r ase. f-i»,r;
2-11. jails, 2°i in a case, s^i-; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
cape, S4c: 10-Ib pails, f, in a case. s%c; 50-rb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case. 7 7 *c; wooden buckets, 20
n>s net, 84c: fancy tubs. SO lbs net, "yfec; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7V-.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS- c u i!s and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 94c; Cowhides.
94c; Staes. 64c Salted Kip. 9%c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and brands, 13c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%Cj dry Calf, l"c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@35c each; short
Wool. 25950 c each; medium. 6<Hf7sc; lony Wool,
S'.'-'uSl 25 each; Hor^e Hides, rait. $2@2 50 for
large and Jl for small; Colts, 50a
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4ttc r<r Ib; No.
2, 3ft34c; refined. ; grease, 2c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San .Toaquln and
Southerns, 7 months. 7@9c; Foothill and North
ern free, 11®12%c; Foothill and Northern de
fective. 9@llc; Nevada, 10@13c; San Joaquin
Foothill free. r <i)]r; ,lo defective, 7®9c: Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 15@16c; Eastern Oregon.
lIQISc for Choice nr.ii 9@llc for fair to good.
HOPS— IB% crop, 13fi174c per Ib.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The week opened with a steady market for all
dea< riptions.
Wholesale rates firn slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF- 7%4£8%c per n. for Steers and 64^7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7(S9c per !b.
MUTTON- Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 7c per Ib.
LA Mi: Sprlntr. 7%®8%c p»r Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. .-.4 < 3""«' > for small. B«c
for medium and 5@5%c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders. 4*i@3C: dressed Hogs. V(f
B%c ...
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 6%@5%c; Wool
Bags, 26@28c; San Quentin Bags, $4 95.
Wellington, $S. T">r ton; New Welling
ton, {v. Southfleld Wellinßton, $7 50; Seattle,
JB; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $3; Wullsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $5; Cumberland, JS 50 In bulk and $3 60
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
<"annel. $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net eaph. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, !,%c; Candy Granulated, BUc; Pry
Granulated, F>V«c; Confectioners" A. 5V,c; Cali
fornia A. sc; Magnolia A, 4%c: Extra C, 4*ic;
Golden C, 4%e: barrels, 1-lCc more; half-barrels,
V 4 o more; boxes, Me more: 50-lb bags. %*• more.
No order taken for less than 7.". barrels or Its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, June 19.
Flour rjr sks 12,966 Bran, sks 590
Wheat, ctls 1,396 Middlings. pks .. 595
Barley, ctls • 18,644 Shorts, Bks 25
Oats, ctls •.. 360 Hay, tons 430
Oats. ctls. rail.. 800 Wool, bags 209
Corn ctls. East. 3.600 Pelts, bdl« lag
Cheese, etls 32 Hides. No 358
Butter, ctls 161 Kegs, doz 10,770
Tallow, ctls 3.". Leather,, rolls .. SS
Beans, sks 456 Wine, gals 69,350
Potatoes, Fks Sugar, bbla l,«oo
Onions. Fks 1,663 Lime, bbls 40S
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 13,232 Bran, sks 3,533
Oats, ctls 1.55S Shorts, sks 1,335
Potatoes, sks .... 511 Feed, sks 510
THE STOCK MARKET.
. • market was quiet in th» morning on
thP Pond Kxchanee and there were no changes
worthy of note.
On the afternoon call Hawaiian Commercial
sold up to 1105.
Mining stocks were quiet and not materially
changed. The telegram from the pump said:
"No. 1 elevator was raised above the water
yesterday. A section of tapered bronze pipe
had given way Part of the pipe, to replace the
break Is her* and th" balance v.-ill arrive in a
few days. No. 2 elevator Is working steadily,
a little over one-third time, and Is keeping the
water down. All other work through the C.
and C. shaft i? going on regularly."
The German Savings and Loan Society and
the Pan Francisco Savings Union have each
declared seml-annusJ dividends o n deposits,
for the terms ending June 3 at the rate of 4
and 3 1-3 per cent per annum, respectively on
term and ordinary deposits.
A dividend of 3. fin per cent per annum on al]
deposits has been declared by the Mutual Sav
ings Bank of this city for the term ending June
• 30, payable on the Ist. This bank abolished
term deposits some time ago.
The Savings and Loan Society will recog
nize only une class of deposits from and after
July 1. This is the second bank to abolish
I term deposits. The Hibernia Savings and Loan
S.. lety has never made any distinction in its
interest on deposits.
In the or.hlr mine the north drift on the
Centra] tunnel level has been extended 24 feet;
U tal length, 337 feet; face in quartz with thin
clay Beams and small bunches of porphyry. A
BUrvey is beins; made to locate the Mexican
south line, and when this has been determined
a Joint west crosscut will be run through the
vein on the Ophir and Mexican line and a
north drift continued in the vein into Mexican
ground. S'ht.i tunnel connection— The work
from the Sutro tunnel connection was delayed
while the C. and C. shaft hoist was being re
paired, \\'"ik was resumed on the morning
of the 15th and the Sutro tunnel connection
was extended 9 feet; total, 190 feet; the face
b-'ing in much softer rock with clay showing
some moisture and ;i little quartz. Work has
been continued on the quartz stringers and the
Bouthwest drift extended 2 feet; total length.
32 feet, with face in a mixture of quartz, clay
and porphyry, bounded by two well defltned
clay walls that are over 4 feet apart.
The official report for *he past week from
th* Consolidated California and Virginia mine
reads hf follows: "On the morning of the 10th
underground work was suspended and the main
holsl plant shut down for repairs. The engine
«i- thoroughly overhauled and put in condition
I for an active campaign by the night of the
I Uth and underground work was resumed on
the 15th. The new line of 6-lnch pipe for
carrying compressed air has been connected
and placed in position from the compressor to
and through the pump compartment of the
i shaft to t!ir- f,.,wcr station 24 feet abn>> the
1750, and the pipe Is now being laid along the
1750-foot level to the winze from this level to
the !><"". The winze station has been equipped
with everything requirc-d for work, and as Boon
as the pipe line is connected with the engine
work can be started on the ISOO level. The jipe
line hfis been arranged in the shaCt so that
connection can be made from the I'elton wheels
that are in position on the 800, 1000 and 1500
foot levels of the C. and C, shaft where mod
ern compressors run by water power can be
Installed and the compressed air sent through
this new pipe line to any part of the mine
where compressed air tan be profitably used
for any purpose. 1400 level— The west drift has
beep extended 7 feet; total, 614 feet; face in
soft hanging wall ro< - k showing a little water.
L 650 level -Necessary repairs are being made
on this level. 1750 level— Are stoping out ore
S4 feet south of the wesi crosscut, using a
small force of men until the compressed air
pipe line has been finished. We have extracted
and sent to the surface six cars of ore of a
value of about $15 per ton, and rive cars of ore
ass:. vine $v 77 per ton. This last mentioned ore
cannot now be extracted profitably, but as it
is in our way and lias to be taken out we keep
It separate from our better ore, and it can he
sold for part of the cost of extraction. We
I are now cutting out for regular square sets for
stoping. While elevator No. 1 Is being lifted
to the surface oi the water and overhauled we
hnv ( - allowed the water to raise above the 1950,
and are using the 1850 as our working station
for handling elevator columns."
In the Chollar and Potosl mines the joint
west tunnel has been advanced during the week
i 4f> fer-t ; total l-ngth, 172 feet; face in porphyry.
On the tunnel level one man is employed in re
moving track rails, air pipe and making needed
repairs. Sutro tunnel level— Have passed
through the caved portion of the Zadig drift
and are now digging drain, cleaning up the
drift and making repairs where needed. The
dflft is now in good condition for a distance
feet south from the Sutro tunnel. Will
start the new blower.
In the Sierra .Nevada mine, on the 140-foot
level, the south drift started from the main
west drift opposite the north drift was ad
vanced 30 fe°t; total length, 84 feet: face in
i porphyry. East crosscut No. 2 started at a
! point .".-! feet south from east crosscut No. 1
has been advanced 17 feet: total length. £7
feet; face in east clay wall and Btopped. Two
I men were engaged part of the week In repair-
Ing the main west drift. '.*M level— The past
week they have been repairing drifts where
needed.
The weekly report of G. McM. IV.ss, general
manager of the <Y>mstook Pumping Association.
reads as follows: "The water has been lowered
at the following places during the week: Hale
cv Norcr bs incline, 1 foot 1 inch; vertical, .7!
of a foot; Chollar combination shaft. I root 1
inch. The watet line below the measuring
points is as follows: Hale & Norcross incline,
88 fee' S inches; vertical, .". 23 feet; Chollar
combination shaft. «7 feet 9 inches. It has not
been possible to measure the water in the
Osblßt ii shaft, as •))•■ air does not circulate
through the connecting drift from the Sutro
j tunnel.
No. i elevator is now being raised to the
surtaco of the water in the C. and C. shaft.
and as soon as repaired will be aca.in lowered
to a ;■ lot that will enable us to drain and
' 1960 foot level. While the hoist or
< the C. and C. was being repaired the elevator
I was watched and cared for by our men. who
Bent through th« Sutro tunnel for that
purpose from Saturday, the 10th. to Wednes
day, the 14th."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, June 19—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Riri.A«k
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14"i 15U
4? quar c0up.. 114 — Oakland Gas.. 4.",', IS
4s quar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 724 —
4s quar new.. 1234130 Par LCo 4314 45
Is quar coup.. — — SF G A E.... 71*g 72
Miscellaneous— San Fran s-*. ji
r a l-s; c a a 5 .117 - I Stockton Gas. 12 —
3 C Wat ...11141124; Insurance—
E L & P 65.. 130% — Flrem's Fund.22o —
F A CI Ry Bs. 1154 — : Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R dp. 90 99 lAnglo-Cal .... — 65%
HC & S SU 8 ..102% - '.Bank of a ].. 275 —
L A Ry 55....106\ — jCal S D A T. — 99
L A L Co 65. 1014 — '^irsi Nation] 2?n _
Do gntd fis.lol4 — Lon F & A. ...129 131
L A L Co ss. — 1024 Mer Exchange — IS
Market-st 85. .129 — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Do Ist M 65. — 117 1 Savings Banks—
NCX G R 71.108 - G«?r S & L..1600 16;->
N Ry Cal 65.. — 117 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NR of Cal 55. 113^114 Mutual Say. 35 — i
VP<" R R 6s. - - — " S F Say 1.. 500 —
XPC R R ss. — — S A L So. — 81514
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Security SB.— 300
Oak Gas 55..U1 — Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 6s. 127 130 I Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 68.107 — California ....116 —
p&o 6S 117 — near? .. -.n _
Powell-st t0... — 1224 Market-st .... 88% —
Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak SLA H — —
> F &-. .X P Rs. — 11614 Presidio — 18
I 3 F & S JV55. 1144115 : Powder—
= lerraß Cal tis.lOs'i — California 155 170
S Pof A 65.. — 114 E Dynamite... 90 • —
SPCSs (1905) — 11.14 Giant Con Co. 73*; 74
SPC 6s (1906) — — Vlgorit ju 31:
SPC 6s (1912) — — sugar—
SPCIs eg 55. 104 — Hnna P C 0.... 171, 17%
SPBr 6s 124^ - Haw C& S C.105 —
B V Wat 65... 116 117 Hutch S P Co. r."\ —
S V Wat t0.. .104%— KHauea S Co. — 30%
5 V W4s(3dm). 1011/4 — finomea S Co. 40% 41
Stktn Gas 8a. .102% — Paauhau S P. 401^, 40%
Water Stocks— M>«cHlaneoiis—
Contra Costa.. 70» 4 714 Al Pac Assn.. 113 V*
Miiriii <"•• Ml - Ger i..l VVks.2aO — .
Spring Valley. ini\ilo2 .Mer Ex <\.."n. on _
Gas ana Electric— Oceanic B Co. 86 f&%
Capital Gas... — — I 'a'- A P A. . >U ,
Central G C->.. — — Pac C Bor Co. — 135
Cent L P.. — 7 l>ar Paint Co.. 7% —
Eqult G L Co. 5 5Vi
Morning Session.
Board—
5 California Safe Deposit 9S CO
35 Equitable Gas 5 25
6." Giant Powder Con 74 <y>
10 Giant Powder -on 73 87%
5 Market Street Railway «3 «214
10 Onomea Sugar Co 40 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 40 2:,
2-1" San Francisco Gas .* Electric Co 72 00
10 Spring Valley Water 102 no
35 Spring Valley Water 101 75
200 Vlcorit Powder 3 25
Street—
150 Paauhau s p Co 40 25
Afternoon Session.
Board
50 Equitable Gas 5 124
35 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 105 00
20 Hutchinson s p Co 33 7:.
15 Market Street Railway, s 30 fi3 62^
25 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
75 Mutual Electric Light 14 75
200 Onomea Sugar Co 4050
25 Paauhau S P Co 402".
15' Pacific Gas Imp 73 00
15 Pacific Lighting 14 00
22". Fan Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 no
DO San Fran Gas & Electric Co B 30.... 72 00
fin San Francisco Gas A Electric C 0.... 71 7
-20 Spring Valley Water 101 75
Street
s2<>,non S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mort) 101 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning ' Session.
25 Hans Plantation Co 17 <-:■■,
25 liana Plantation Co IS 00
70 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
200 Vlgorit Powder 32;,
70 Mutual Electric Light ir, 25
$300 D S, 3 per cent bonds 10S 50
- Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 25
20 San Francisco Gas &-. Electric C 0.... 71 .^74
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 00
23 Spring Valley Water 10175
30 Market Street Railway ...-. 63 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning . Session.
Board —
30 Contra Costa Water 71 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 105 00
; 10 Hawaiian Commercial, & Sugar 105 50
30 Equitable Gas 5 2.i
30 Onomea Sugar Co 40 574
20 Onomea Sugar Co 41 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 33 100 Mexican ....... 43
200 Belcher 34 100 Occidental ... •>•>
400 Best & Belcher 35 750 Ophlr ' <h >
200 Rest & Belcher 36 400 Potosi " 35 I
200 Bullion OS 500 Potosl ...'. 3«
f.OO Chollar 23 300 Savage 92
700 Con Cal A Va.l 3.'.l 700 Union Con .'..'. 34
800 Con Imperial...: 01 1 300 Utah ...... 13
700 Gould A curry 22. 100 Yellow Jacket' 37
100 Hale & Norcrs 33
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 04 500 Ophlr 91
500 Caledonia 59 300 Ophlr 90
200 Con Cal A Va.l 35 100 Potosi 38
200 Con Cal & Vo.l 30 200 Savage '. 22
100 Mexican ....... 44 100 Sierra Nevada. 63
Following were the gales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 34 250 Con Cal & V.I 37>4
300 Best & Belcher 35 200 Crown Point... 2%
I 300 Best & Belcher 36 200 Gould & Curry 23
I 200 Caledonia 60 200 Hale & Norcrs 33
200 Challenge Con.. 32 600 Justice IS
200 ('hollar 21 300 Union Con 34
200 Choi In r 21 300 Utah 12U
800 Con Cal & V.I ;2Vi 400 Yellow Jacket. 37
300 Con Cal & V...1 10
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 12 150 Con Cal & V...1 30
300 Belcher (t 400 Crown Point... 2$
300 Belcher IS 100 Gould & Curry 24 i
! 300 Best & Belcher 36 500 Gould & Curry 22 |
I 200 Best A- Belcher 35 500 Justice 15
, 100 Caledonia 69 200 Mexican 44
1 200 Chollar 23 200 Ophir 91
100 Con Cal & V...140 50 Opnlr S'J
j 150 Con c al & V.I 37>- 500 Potosl 38
200 Con ci & V...1 35 400 Yellow Jacket. 37
300 Con Cal & V.I 324
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, June 19— p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice — IS
Alta — 04JKentuck — 04
! Andes 11 12 Lady Wash .... 01 02
: Belcher 35 2* Mexican 43 41
Best & Belcher 34 30 Occidental 21 23
Bullion 05 06 Ophir 88 89
Caledonia 58 GO Overman 16 17
Chollar 25 26 Potosi 35 36
I Challenge Con.. 32 33 Savage 22 23
Confidence 93 —Scorpion — 03
1 Con Cal & Va.l 30 135 Peg Belcher ... 06 07
Con Imperial... - 02 Sierra Nevada, 61 62 ,
Crown Point... 27 28 Silver Hill — 02
Con New York. — 03 St. Louis — 10
Eureka Con .... — 40 Syndicate — 05
Exchequer — 03 Standard —2 50
Gould & Curry 22 23 Union Con .... 32 34
Hale & Norcrs 32 33(Utah 12 13
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 36 37
■
'
j
I
■ » .
Snakes as Fertilizers.
The novel experiment of using rattle
snakes for fertilizers will be made by
Lackawaxen (Pike County) farmers. In:
Wesley Griffin's stone quarries many tons
of snakes were discovered within a few
days and hundreds were killed. A farmer
said they made good fertilizer, and his
brethren will scour the country for snakes
and test their fertilizing properties next
spring.— Philadelphia Inquirer.
. ♦ ■
Rebuke.
A chill, dark, autumnal morning:. A
breakfast table with an overcrowded
tribe of clamorous children. A wor
ried "mother, and an irritable father
muttering something about "No decent j
elbow-room." A small child uplifts •
solemn eyes from his plate and says: I
"Hadn't one of us better —The !
Academy. I
THE CALL CALENDAR.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low-
Waters at Fart Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published _ by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JT'NE 20.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left i
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except where there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. T*. P. N.. Mer
chants' Kxcljanse, Pan Francisco, Cal
.Tun* 19, 1899.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly n.yin today—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. in < harge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED
Monday. June 19.
Ptmr Tillamook, Anfindsen, 29 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, TO hours from New
port cSV
Htmr W'ppntt, Purtis, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 16 hours from Fort
Bragg:.
Br Bttnr Wellington, Salmond, 79 hours from
Departure Bay.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Nelson, 50 hours from
Mendocino.
Bark Gatherer, Younggren, 8 days from Ta
coma.
Schr Volant, Kroe. fi days from Grays Har
bor. ~"
Schr Ivy; Pamuelson. 4 days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Monday, June 19.
Stmr San Jose, McLean. Panama and wav
ports; Pacific Mail S S Co.
Prmr Corona, Debney. San Dlesro and way
ports; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria and
Port Town?rnrl; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Br ship Dunstaffnage. Forbes, Liverpool:
Eppinger & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, June 19.
Ptmr Alcatraz, ''arisen, .
Ptmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendooino.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, .
Ptmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Btmr Corona. Debncy, San Diego.
Stmr San Jose. McLean, Panama and way
ports.
I* S stmr C P Patterson. Pratt, cruise.
Ar« war stmr Presldente Sarmiento, Betbeder
Honolulu.
. Schr J Eppineer, Colstrup. Stewarts Point
Schr Rio Rev. Johnson, Bowens Landing.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Hansen. Grays Harbor
CHARTERS.
The Glory of the Seas loads coal at Comox for
this port. i
The Tronic Bird loads mdse for Tahiti and
Marquesas.
SPOKEN.
June 3. !at 11 N. lon 27 W— Br bark Inver
lochy. from Oregon, for Queenstown
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, . June 19. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy: wind S\V; velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed out June 19— Stmr
Mackinaw, from Taooma, for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Passed out June 13— Bark
Carondelet, from Port Ludlow, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Arrived June 17— Schr Eva. hence
June 6; stmr Mackinaw, hence June i;;. June.
18 — Br Etmr Manuense, from Honolulu. t
Sailed June IS— Stmr Mackinaw, for Sanf
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 13— Bktn
Jane L Stanford, from Port Blakeley, for Ade
talde.
SAX DlEGO— Arrived June 19— Stmr Carlisle
City, hence June 17.
PORT GAMBLE— June 13— Bktn Jane
I L Stanford, for Adelaide.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed June 17— Bktn
Quirketep, for Santa Rosalia.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed June 13— Schr
Challenger, tor San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 13—
Stmr Alcazar, from - — ; stmr Mineola. from
Comox. .
Sailed June 19— Stmr Whitesboro. for .
EUREKA — Arrived June 19 — Stmr Pomona
hence June 18. •
Sailed June 19— Stmr South Coast, for San
Francisco; stmr Fulton, for Astoria.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 19- Stmr State of
California, hence June 17.
USAL— Sailed June Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 19— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Sailed June 17— Stmr Miami,
for San Franoiseo.
FOREIGN PORTS. ;
MANILA- -Arrived June 19 — U S stmr Sher
; man, hence May 22.
Bailed June I*— Stmr Indiana, for San Fran
cisco, via Nagasaki.
COLON -Arrived June 16— Stmr Advance, fm
New York.
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 17— Ger ship Xa
jade, from Oregon.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived prior June 17—
Fir ship Verajean, from Nagasaki, to load for
Oregonrship Eclipse, from Algoa Bay, to load
for San Francisco or Honolulu. June IS— Baik
Abby Palmer, from Port Pirle. to . load for
Honolulu.'
Sailed June IS— Bark Harvester, for Hono
i lulu.
'■ QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 17— Ger ship
j H F Glade, from Oregon; Br ship Morven, from
i Oregon.
\ CUXHAVEN— SaiIed June I— Nor bark Raf fe
i nar. for Oregon. W
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 15— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived June 13— Schr Com
peer, hence May 2.".
CHEMAINUS— SaiIed Jnne 13— Br bark Se
bastian Bach, for Shanghai.
1. 1 CASTR] BAY— Arrived June — Schr No
komis, hence April 20.
XANAIMO— Arrived June — Haw stmr San
Mateo, from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed June IS— Stmr San Mateo. for San
Franci?co.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG — Sailed June 19— Stmr Fuerst
Basmarck. from Hamburg and Southampton,
for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived June 19— Stmr Ems,
from New York, for Neplep and Genoa.
NAPLES— June IS— Stmr Kaiser Wi!
helm 11, from New York, for Genoa.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 19— Stmr La Bre
tacne. from Havre; stmr Manhattan, from L -. -
don.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Steamers leave Broadway
TRjjh^ wharf. San Francisco:
KBsbeSS^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
r*i*is|3fg^ change at Seattle. 30; July 5,
t«< HfnMeir^ change at Seattle.
&MSJN JHBI For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
fwHnrr'fffffl i C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^nl Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m., June 15, 20, 25. 30:
July 5, and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. June
1?. 23, 28; July 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. June 17, 21, 25, 29; July 3.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m., June 15. 19, 23, 27; July 1, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and honrc of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & H. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE * 12 First Cias>» including Bort^»
IMnC «8 Second Cla<«» and Meals.
Columbia sails June 22; July 2. 12, 22.
State of California sails June 17, 27; July 7.
17. 27.
Short line to Walla 'Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
S3" Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE,
jrTW rORK. 80tJTHAMPT0!f. LONDOW. PAB!\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From N>w York Eve-— Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York June 2 1 I New York July 13
St. Paul ..Juneis St. Paul July 19
St. Louis July 5 New York Augusts
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Ever*- Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark ......June 21 J Noordland July U
Westemland ...June 2S Kriesland July 19
Kensington July " Adria July 2*
EMPIRE LINE.
Sewttf*. St. Ml;hast. DawKot CUt.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
XIPp'o^MARU Tuesday. June n
NIPPON MART' Tuesday. June '7
AMERICA MART' Saturday July 2*
HONGKONG MART' Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
121 Market st.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
PMOIMBBBdi Th* B. S. Australia
dlllllllE salls for Honolulu
•£*•■*■** Friday, June 30, at 3
Oj^^lT^N P 's m s. Marlposa sails
rSI&ITNIID^ via Honolulu and
CyitGMUIIIi; Auckland for Sydney
(o[nßi3!ZM~ "Wednesday, July 12.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. : $filo first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery M
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St. 9
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
SEW YORK-PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
lIS Montgomery St., San Francisco.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, -f-rm
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. -<2ffEr»
from Pier 42, North River foot of ■«3'*««**
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. June 24; LA
GASCOGNE. July 1: LA NORMANDIE. July
8; LA CHAMPAGNE. July 15: LA BRE-
TAGNE, July 22. First-class to Havre. JSS and
upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green. New York J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pa-
cific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San
Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEK STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m.
daily, retutnine from Stockton at 6 p. m,
daily (Saturday excepte'!). Regular steamerj
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALtEJO. * y
Steamer "Monticello." '
MON., Tues., Wed. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4!
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m.' (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:S0: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., :
p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE Mo.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
GRAND OLD TREES
ATTACKED BY PESTS
Commissioner Pryal Reports on a Dis=
covery He Has Just Made.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 90S Broadway, June 19.
OAKLAXI i oaks are doomed, and unless the methods now being adopted
by the Horticultural Commissioner prove effective the next generation
may wonder why this city was given its me.
Commissioner Pryal astonished the Board of Supervisors this morn
ing by including in his otiicial report a reference to the grand old oak trees
that are a part of Oakland.
"It is not generally known." said the Commissioner, "that our grand and
sup.jb o;ik tre.-s are infected with scale pests. Trees that are
Infected with this scale have a blighted, burned, dark foliage, as if
partly scorched. lam now making a thorough inspection of all the oak trees
in Oakland to see how many of them are Infested with this parasitical insect.
1 have placed colonies of Rhlzobius in the infested oaks, and I feel sure they
will prevent ami diminish the further inroads of the destructive pests."
The board was surprised at the information conveyed by Commissioner
Pryal; as there had previously been no intimation that the old oaks were in
danger of being exterminated. It has been noticed during the past five years
that the little clumps of these sturdy trees remaining in the park squares and
o;i the outskirts of the city have been losing much of their brightness and vi
tality, but it was attributed to natural decay. Now it is learned that the
ravage is the result of a well-known pest the Supervisors will at once encour
age all proper means to save the remnants of the rest that once covered the
site of the city.
LILLIE AICH APPEARS
AS TRIMBLE'S WIDOW
CONTEST OVER ESTATE FROM
UNEXPECTED SOURCE.
A San Francisco Girl Lays Claim to
His Insurance Because He
Wrote "Dear Wife."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 008 Broadway. June 19.
Trillin Ai<"h, residing nt 2902 Sacramento
Ftreet. Pan Francisco, will appear as con
testant over the estate of the late. Wil
liam G. Trimble of Berkeley, Who was
drowned near Nyak. Alaska, in May, IS9B.
The contest comes frnni a rather unex
pected source. th-> young woman claiming
to be Trimble's widow, and it was not
generally known that the deceased left a
wife!
'■ ■ •
policy In the A. O
v. \V "'i a
!..••• r Major Trimble,
withdr« w
Philip
i
I
■
■
r his son's
!
heard
his Bon's
Pafl v s Iso a tvitm
t.-nd-
Rsh
for whom Trimble, who
- ■ work< d. Wit
• Trim-
May 22. 1898,
ip on a small I -
•'! '--. not f ■ ' ■-. to
■ •
■ ■ • of sixt.v ni'-n
■ four days. Finally,
iunri lyinp on a <-ijft"
projecting con
■ was sup-
S lost his f.-ot
l drowned.
■
married man.
■
boj oft Ht the wharf
Alaska In April, IR9B.
Lillie Airh, hi ■ ■•• d.< clarea that
in the crowd and \\:c i d
GRAPE-NUTS.
X^s><£.Sw«><t- .s<«><s.'« • • ■ • : .
Are You Fit
To Be Trusted
With a Good Set
of BRAINS?
Grape=Nuts
Keep Them in
Order.
A BRAIN FOOD AND REP.AIRIiK.
X- ■ >•>-, ];i wyer, journalist,
physician, autl r or business man is
■ i under i of m< del D eon-
and Bomethnea
►rain. Analysis
' hrow i: otrt by the porea
i k breaks down the
phosphate of potash ng it from
its heavier companion, albumen, and
plain, eoiittnon sense teaches that this
■ ntal principle must be Introduced
into the body anew • ach day, if we
would replace the loss and i -build the
brain tissue,
\v<- know that the phosphate «-f
potash, as presented in certain field
grains, has an affinity for albumen and
that is the only way gray matter in the
brain can be built. It will not answer
■ !<•• the crude phosphate of potash
. drug shop, for nature rejects it.
The elemental mineral must be present-
ed through food directly from Nature's
lahorat' ry.
These facts hare been made use of In
the manufacture of Grape-Nuts, and
any brain workeV eaii prove the value
of *th>- proper selection of food by mak-
ing free us.' of Ornpe-Nutß for ten days
or two weeks. Sbld by groceri every-
where lanrl in Immense quantities).
Manufactured by the Postum Cereal
Co., Ltd., Hat tie Creek, Michigan.
Price 15 cents per package.
usband a bon voyage. It is paid that
admits that there was no regular
mony, but that she bases
aim upon letters written
Trimble, wherein he addressed her as
■ wife." She man ovi r declar< -
William G. Trimbli ■••!. is the
lild, born at San Jose last
ruary. She contends that Trimble's
policy was made payable
• ■ has laid
before the Grand Lodge of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen, but
she has been refused the money, because
it is contended that a sister of dee<
was originally named as beneficiar;
the name of the father, Joel
<;. Trimble, was substituted, and that he
■ w the local beneficiary.
THE WATER PROBLEM.
Council Informed That Hydrants
Have Not Been Placed.
OAKLAND, June 19. -The City Council
• . d to-night that several of
■ ' at Intervals during
.• \•.! rha ■ placed. < Chair
man ■ ' :■'■ and Water
Comm^ pn nted a breezy report stat- I
mc that the reasons siren by the monop- :
oly \\. all satisfactory. In every
■ would be nec< ssary to lay a
few hundred feet of pipe, and tins the
• y declined to do.
"This remarkable condition of affairs,"
■■ . "has to be tolerated 1>< j
■■•■ is apparently no law by
mpelled to
do as we order. This cannot be remi
owns her own water sys
r. ni. and not till then ca very
i ■ from fire be afforded.
The ■ ts that i
some nl the hydrants ordered near mains
now
v v i respectfully recommend that we
■
■ also Introdu<
tion calling for a mi I"'''1 "''' ■'» the sup
plying Hall plaza any hall from
under the bell tower He d< clarea
would n suit in a greal ,
•■ of money. The resolution w
ommittee.
A SMALLPOX CASE.
Litigation May Result From the De
mise of a Nurse — Mrs. Ohlson's
Case.
OAKLAND, June 19.— The published
statement of how two nurses sacrificed
thoir lives alleviating the sufferings of
smallpox patients a few ''.ays ago at the
Maclean Hospital In San Francisco has
lost much of Its force through a denial
made this afternoon by W. V. Courtney
of this city and brother of Mrs. Frank
Frufhauf one of the nurses who is sup- !
-a< ri'ir. d her life.
I . • McEm San Francisco
. > . has I" ■ ted with a view
itigation.
"I am frank to admit." said Mr. Court
thi ' ■■' • contemplate bringing suit
against the hospital management for
we consider criminal negligence."
rs of age.
■ noon ii was i eported that
the mother of Lily Ohlson. who died last
if smallpox, is seriously ill and it is
fi ared that she too is now suffering from
the disease. Every effort is being made
by the H.alth Department to prevent
communication with tho house at VMi
Magnolia street. Health Officer Todd will
not say positively that Mrs. Ohlson'a
malady is smallpox.
AMBITIOUS CONSTABLES.
Judge Smith Tells Them They Ex-
ceeded Their Duty.
oak LA XI>. June 19. T. L. Woods was
discharged in the Police Court this morn
ing, and Constables Wilkina and Jordan
• Oakland were roundly denounced
by Judge Smith for their high handed
eedings in arresting the defendant.
Woods is a farmer of BCelrose. He holds
a horse belonging to a Mrs. Anthony for
rage fees. Wilkins and Jordan at
tempted to take the horse from him with
out any si"V. of legal authority whatever.
simply trying to coerce him by an exbi-
Deputy Constables' badges.
Smith said it was evident that the
tables wenl to Woods looking tor
trouble and he said the defendant was
justified in using all necessary force t"
stop them from taking the horse.
Tn< Afro-Afcneriean League took up the
flght in behalf of Woods, and Its attor
ney, \v. J. Oglesby, may decide to prose
cute the deputies and their bondsmen for
their behavior. The prosecuting attor
ney, after hearing the evidence, practi
cally asked that the defendant be dis
chafged.
Anderson's Death. Accidental.
OAK LA Nl', June 19.— The Coroner's
turv at the Inquest of Albert J. Anderson
to-night brought in a verdict that death
was due i" a fractured skull caused In
1 tiiig crushed by a truck, and tin- jury
further found that th<> boy's death wag
i.ureiv accidental. The double funeral of
the two Anderson children at So'clockthis
afternoon from the family residence, 2013
Linden street, was largely attended, and
the floral tributes were numerous and
beautiful. The remains were interred aide
by side in Mountain View Cemetery.
Bitten by a Mad Cat
OAKLANI>. June 19. — Frank Josephs, a
school boy riEP'i 18 years and residing al
59 Kighth street, was severely bitten By a
mad cat which he was attempting to
catch for his mother. Both his hands
were badly lacerated, for which he was
treated at the Receiving Hospital. The
boy says that he had cornered the ani
mal and was about to grab It. when the
feline set upon him and made him change
his mind-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 1899.
LOOKING FOR
THE SITE FOR
POSTOFFICE
Clever Mr. Roberts
Visits Oakland.
IN FAVOR OF ALL OFFERS
VERY MODEST REGARDING THE
VALUE OF HIS OPINION.
The Washington Man Has Evidently-
Talked With Real Estate
Men on Other
Occasions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway, June 19.
J. W. Roberts, the superintendent of
construction from the office of the super
vising: architect at "Washington, D. C, i
commenced work to-day on a job the dif- ■
ficulty of which has hot yjet suggested j
itself to him.
lWr. Roberts Ip charged with the task of
recommending a site for the postofflce to |
be erected in this city. The last Con
gress appropriated (250,000 for this pur- :
pose, A few weeks ago bills were opened
in Washington from persona willing to (
sell property to the Government. There
were nearly thirty bills, embracing all
manner of eligible and ineligible Bites and
varying in price from $30 t<-> $130 a front j
foot.
Mr. Roberts crime to town to-day andin
formed the postoffice officials here that
ho was on an official visit to inspect the
various Bites offered. Five minutes after
his arrival Mr. Roberts was the center
of an Interested crowd. If any promi
■ • ni real estate men did not succeed in
running across" Mr. Roberts' path, I
they must have been either sick or out
of town. Mr. Roberts was told mbri
about Oakland and "f the proper place
for a postoffice in two hours than he
can digest in as many years.
The superintendent nf construction has
ntly had experience with real es
tate men and postofflce Bites. He saw
something good in every site offered, but
was particular to impress upon everybody
that his word may not 1""- final.
"J must report to Washington,"
he "bui really, l do not know how much
my opinion may affect the result, it is
possible that all 1 say may go for naught,
and thai a commission may be appointed
to settle this question. This IB a very
city. It should have a fine post-
T like Oakland. Conditions are
quite pleasant. Good-day, gentlemen."
And the affable Mr. Roberts returned to
San Francisco, after announcing that this
was but one of many "official visits he
expect 9to make before sending: his report
I- Washington.
OAKLAND CREEK
MYSTERY SOLVED
HARRY SEEBACHS BODY HAS
BEEN RECOVERED.
His Friends After Grappling in the
Place Where the Accident Oc
curred Were Rewarded
for Their Labor.
ALAMEDA, .T:mo 19.— The mystery p1""
--ag Sal 'lay nipht's boating acci
• • In the estuary "ff the California
Yacht Club's boat house was cleared
away this afternoon, when thf* body of
Harry Beebach was brought to the sur
tifled by hia chum, .1. W.
Homer of Bfi2 Adeline street.
ach had b< en a guest on board the
yachi Thetis, and about midnight left In
a (-awl with <".. A, Craig and C. B. Moore
for the Oakland shore. When in mid
m the young man, who was In the
bow of the boat, stood up to change his
position, and in doing so lost his bal
and fell overboard. Craig and Moore, in
th'iir efforts to save Beebach, capsized the
boat and were themselves nearly drowned
before they Were rescued. Beebach was
noi known to them, and no one around
tho boat house or the yachi seemed able
• iblish his Identity.
li 9 .hum. J. W. Homer, had a sus=
picion that Seebach was tho unfortunate
man, and began early this morning to
drat; the estuary with grappling Irons.
\i,uut 4 o'clock this afternoon his efforts
were rewarded by bringing to the surface
the remains ot his dead friend. The body
was recovered from almost the exact spot
where the boat capsized.
The remains were taken to the float of
the California yacht Club and later re
moved to the Alameda Branch Morgue.
The following jury was impaneled to
hold tho inquest: A. Dosiel, George N.
Gray A Bielleck, John Elder, J. Mont
:y, Joseph H. Bp< ncer, M H. \\ ig
gin George J>. Gray and Daniel Foster.
After viewing the remains tho jury id
loumed until to-morrow afternoon, when
the inquest will bo held.
The remains were taken to San Fran
cisco by his uncle, Charlfta M. Hackmeier,
who will so<> that they an- conveyed to
tho homo of his paronts at San Jos.-, from
which place tho funeral will be held.
Deceased was tho son of Mr. and Mrs.
H. Beebach of Pan Joso. He had been
liviriK in San Francisco at I V -" EIUs Street,
He was Tl years of a<ro. !!.■ was employ* 1
as a clerk'wlth the Brooks-Follls electii
cal corporation.
For Public Water Works.
OAKLAND, Juno io.— Panorp containing
a prospectus of a "Municipal Water
Works League" ana boing circulated in
i very ward in the city. The object is to'
determine how many propertj owners are
willing to take an active part in an at
tempt to acquire a municipal water
plant. _
McMahon-Du Millieu Wedding.
M.AMKIU, Jim* IB.— Miss Lillian I".
McMahon, oldest daughter of Judge Mc-
Mahon of Alameda, and Isadore Malville
imi Mlllleu of Sacramento will be married
next Wednesday at St. Joseph's Catholic
church. The nuptial high mass will be
gin at in:''A in the morning. ' Invitations
have been issued for an informal recep
tion after the ceremony to the most in
timate friends and relatives of the couple.
The reception will be held at the home of
J. Alexander Forbes, 1412 Sherman street.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, June 19.— Vallorls Sanford
died yesterday at his home, 1308 Santa
Clara avenue. He had been a sufferer
frdtn cancer for a number of months. He
was a native of New York, aged B<> years,
and came to California in 1864. Deceased
leaves a widow and three grown children-
Mrs. Ida Meager and Ira and Farmer
San ford.
Paul Frank Hoffman and Miss Elinor
Maas both Of Sun Francisco, were mar
ried yesterday afternoon at the home of
W W. Willis. 240" Santa Clara avenue,
by City Keeorder A. F. St. Sure. Miss
Bettha Mans, sister of the bride, was
bridesmaid and the best man was George
Teakle.
City Sanitary Inspector E. C. Maillot
has been appointed a member of the com
mittee on typhoid, typhus and malarial
fevers at the National Sanitary Associa
tion.
Miss Gertrude Leslie and Miss Mary
Stiles were arrested to-day for riding bi
cycles on the sidewalk. Each was fined
$5 by City Recorder St. Sure.
Trie livery stable of J. R. Bigler on En
cinal avenue was attached this afternoon
in a suit brought by ex-Sheriff C. B.
"White, as assignee of Mr. Hatcher of San
Jose. William Moffatt was placed in
charge as keeper. The attachment is the
outcome Of long litigation between Bigler
and Hatcher.
A man of about eighty years, who has
shaved regularly during his lifetime, sac
rifices to the razor about thirty-live feet
of hair.
A BRAVE WOMAN
BEATS A BOLD
HIGHWAY ROBBER
Mrs. Black Was Not
Terrified.
A SURPRISE FOR THE VILLAIN
- — ♦■ —
STOPPED HER TEAM WHILE ON
THE COUNTY ROAD.
Laid on Heavily With Her Whip
and Left Him Biting the Dust
While She Made Her
Escape.
Oakland Office San Francisco fall,
908 Broadway, June 19.
Mrs. G. Black, who resides on the San j
Leandro road, had the pleasure last night
of horsewhipping a would-be highway
man and of petting away from him with- j
out being robbed.
Last night as Mr?. Black was driving
home she was stopped on the county road I
by a man who grabbed the reins and at- j
tempted to snatch her satchel at the same
time. The woman held oh to the lines and
grabbing thi whip started to lash the fel- i
low over the head. A few strokes caused
him to let go, but he still made attempts
to gel Into thi buggy by clambering up
the back. Mrs. Black feels sure that the
man. who was respectably dressed, was
an all around villain, and that robbery
alone was not his motive. He showed
much boldness in his attack, because on
Sunday evening electric cars with the ;
most powerful headlights pass along the
county road every t\v. nty minute:-. Mrs.
Black had no pistol and nothing to de
fend herself with but her whip. She used
this vigorously and declares that she:
landed heavily many times on the fel- I
low's neck and h< ad.
When the chance presented itself, she
urged the horse ahead and the fellow
hung on to the rear of the buggy for a I
:vw yards, bui w.-is finally forced to let
go his hold and was sent sprawling on
the road. Mrs. Black did not ease up the
nf her horse till she reached her
home, and later reported the matter to
the < bounty < '■■•■.stable.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, June 19.— Sarah Ann Baker
filed suit this afternoon for a divorce from
Charles Baker, alleging statutory
grounds.
Herman Cordes, W. .1. Meyer nnd C. C.
Volberg have appraised the est.ite of the
late Theodore Meetz at $64,858, consisting
chir-fly ( ,f Alnm-da realty. The va Un
placed on William Kleeman'a estate is
<m; 22 1
Bridget Sheehan hns applied for letters
on the estate of her son, Daniel Sheehan.
who died Intestate, leaving J^hm on de
posit in the i>;i!sl:M!d Savings Hank. Pe
titioner is 68 v.-ars old .- 1 : i < i resides at Em
eryville.
in the Alameda divorce suit of Adele
Thomas against N. 'i homas default of de
mi tor failure to appear or answer
was entered to-da > .
Ed Painter, residing at 930 Shot well
street San Cram Isco, i^ now minus a big
right t... . While engaged in driving piles
at the new Webster street bridge this
afternoon .\ ['■>■ was smashed by a crank
pin and was hitor amputated ;it the Re
celving Hospital by l»r. Stratton.
Mrs. Fellows will shortly petition r>r
the release "f her husband, 1,. U Fellows,
the Bulletin route agent who was com
mitted t.. the Napa lnsjan< Asylum sev
eral months ago, and she will apply for
the appointnv nt of his guardian. She
\ i-;-. -1 him recentl: and d< clai 1 ' ■
r< gained hie reason.
Grace Quirk's Strange Story.
OAKLAND, June L 9, Miss Grace yutrk,
daught< r "f Mis. J. T. Pii re- of Pair
mount street, tells a remarkable story In
explanation of her absence from home
last night. She says that while awaiting
the arrival of some friends at Lorin sta
tion sh< was overcotne with falntnes's find
was taken in a carriage to some hos
pital; that ahe remained there until it
v.ms !■■■. !;!(• for the last car. When she
cried to ii, taken borne some friends re
moved her to the house of an Irish wo
man, whose name she did not learn. Now
sh>- is unable to locate the house, hos
pital or Irish woman.
THE NATION'S DEFENDERS.
Good Progress Is Being Made at the
Union Iron Works on New
Vessels.
With "> per <■' ut of tin- total amount ad
vanced by [Jncle Sam to the Scotts for
tin- building of the five Hap defenders at
tlie Union Iron Works the yard is up to
\- .- eyes in activity in constructing the
hulls of the ftve new ships now on the
slips.
The big battleship Ohio, which will be
tl:>- I .- I r u • s t vessel ever built on this coast,
is stretched along on the berth where
the world renowned Oregon received her
finishing touches and from where the
Wisconsin took her dip into the salt
water a lew months ago. On the slip to
the >;ist of this the monitor Wyoming!
has her framework lying on parallel lines
with the Ohio: this is the berth upon
which tii"' San Francisco and other San
Francisco built men-of-war were created.
Oh the three smaller slips to the east of
this are the Paul Jones. Perry and Pre
ble, which vessels are intended as tor- :
peflo boat destroyers.
Sufficient headway has been made on
the entire lot that LTncle Sam instructed
his agent at the Navy Department in i
Washington to advance to the Scotts 5 1
per cut of the contract price for their i
construction.
As soon as I'ncle Snm had disposed of
this little formality, he at once proceeded
to enter into a contract for diagonal
armor ami a conning tower tube for the
(ihj.,. The armor must be Harveyized
and the Secretary of the Navy must do
the best he can with the manufacturers.,
as Congress had failed to fix a figure
at which tliis armor should tie bought.
It will require about thirty tons for the 1
Ohio, while 533 tons will be required for
thp Wyoming. Jt will take about two
years before the floors of the Union Iron!
Works will be free of the vessels now
under way.
TO PICNIC AT EL CAMPO.
Members of St. John's Parish Will
Enjoy Their Annual Outing
Thursday.
The annual picnic <>f the parishioners of
St. John's parish (old St. Mary's College)
which will be hold at El Campo on
Thursday promises to he a most enjoya
ble affair.
The various committee* to whom have
been Intrusted the details of the arrange
ments for the comfort and pleasure of
the picnickers have been most success
ful in their efforts to make the outing
;ui unqualified success, and in this they
have been ably seconded by Father P. n.
Brady, the parish priest. A large list of
gate and garni' prises has been secured
and will be distributed durfng ihe day.
Thei-p will ho but one boat, which "will
leave the Sausalito ferry at 9 o'clock
Thursday morning find returning will
leave El Campo at 5 p. m. The tickets
will be BO cents for adults and 23 cents
for children.
His Leg Crushed.
H. Benson, a buyer for Auctioneer
Spear, 31 Sutter street, was riding on the
front seat of the dummy of a Castro
street car yesterday afternoon, and at
Fourth and Market streets a truck driven
by James Q'Nell got s<> close to the car
that Benson's right leg. which was hang
ing outside the dummy, was crushed be
tween the truck and car. Benson was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
his leg was attended to. O'Neil was ar
rested on a charge of battery.
PAIL POSE MAY
NOT BE A CRANK
Suspidoi That He Is Training fo^ a
Position on a Yell w Journal.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. 908 Broadway. June If.
THE star crank was arrested to-day. He calls himself Paul Pose, and
he was taken into custody by order of Captain Wilson because his an
tics had caused much annoyance to women and children. Pose is un
dc/übted'y a genuine crank, but Dr. Todd says he is not crazy enough
to warrant sending him to an asylum. One of his weaknesses is to walk
around town wearing ;i woman's large blue sunbonnet. The excuse for ar
resting him was that he is violating the ordinance prohibiting any ow
from masquerading in the attiro < t the opposite sex. The delicate point
has arisen as to whether the mere wearing of ;i woman's bonnet on the
street can be construed as masquerading in feminine attire. The purpose
of the ordinance is to prevent people from disguising themselves for the
purpose of committing or preventing the detection of crime, and there is
no such suggestion in the case of Pose.
Mr. Pose had in his pockets a hunch of circulars which leave It in doubt
as to whether he he crazy or merely sarcastic. On one card was written:
"I am the king of cranks and have established a universal tru?t company.
Will construct a chicken coop, revolutionize a government and will also or
ganize a bnbe trust. Consultation for 10 cents."
Another prospectus states that lie will organize a "Fault Fining Fra
ternity," which will run a newspaper, of which he must be editor-in-chW.
The first issue is to he devoted to publishing the faults of the people in re
sponse to an offer of a $S(HX) prize for the naming- of the greatest fault.
ThoF,-. who have examined Paul Pose suggest that he is merely graduat
ing for a high position on some yellow journal.
HOW STATELY
FORESTS ARE
BEING RUINED
Must Do Something,
Says Mr. Mills.
HIS TRIP TO PORTLAND
LOSS OF THE TREES AFFECTING
WATER SUPPLIES.
Not Only Is All Sawing Timber Be
ing Taken, but in Taking It
All Other Timber Is
Being Deetroyed.
"We have the grandest State in the
Union an<l we are ruining it," is W. 11.
Mills' idea gathered from a trip through
the northern part of this State and
through Oregon. He h;is been through the
lumber country of both States, and if
there is anything Mr. Mills grows enthu
siastic over it is the forestry of Califor
nia, but he says there is a limit to the
trees and there stems to he no limit to
their destruct lon.
Incidentally Mr. Mills' trip north was to
sell timber land. He went as far as Port
land and there he closed a deal by which
he turned over to lumber men two lota of
land in Oregon. One included 147,000 Acres
nnd the other 105,000 acres. All this will
be cleared within a few years. These
sales, with two made in May aggregating
291,000 acres, make up a respectable total
for two months.
"No one has ;iny idea of the way the
forests are being depleted," said Mr. Mills
yesterday. "Where a few years ago there
were miles On miles of unbroken timber,
now there is nothing but bare hills and
blackened stumps. I saw or;.- place where
there Were five sawmills: they cut v.\< 200
logs a day and they are clearing about 210
acres a week, tn one place where we have
the right to all the timber left by the lum
ber men f found it t<>,>k 4900 acres a year
m supply our engines. The lumbermen
leave absolutely nothing on the la\nd, al
though there Is ;i great deal of timber the
lumbermen cannot use.
"There should be bo timber cut without
tji" supervision of the forest wardens.
They should mark the trees to ho felled
;ind no others should ho taken. As it is
now .-ill the best trees are selected by tho
milliner, and in getting these out they de
stroy not only nil the other old trees, but
the young ones as well. The clearing of
the forests is also affecting the water sup
ply. If they go (in ms they have been go
ing it will not be long before the Sacra
mento River will be nothing hut a small
stream. In these vast extents of *cleared
lands, where when the trees stood you
could not go any distance without eroSS
inp a stream, there is now not even a
spring; the hills are drying up. When the
rain falls it runs off the Si< pcs as it does
off ;h>' ronf of a house, tne streams rise
and run like torrents and then dry up
again as soon as the rain is over. Snow
melts as quickly as it falls, almost, and
tho land drys before spring is past.
"There Is another branch of th<' lumber
trade thai is using millions of feet a year:
it is the box trade. Everything is packed
in boxes how and box mills are running
night and day to supply the demand. Peo
ple do not realize what an amount of lum
ber is used in boxes. Why, last year we
shipped 20,000 carloads of oranges out of
the State-; each car had 300 boxes and each
box was at least two feet of lumber. Now
that makes 6.000,000 boxes and 12,000,000
feet of lumber for the orange crop alone.
After that there are the other fruits
shipp< d in boxeS and then there is all the
merchandise, .wiy one can pet some idea
of that by {joins along the street and
looking at the wholesale houses shipping
and receiving poods.
"You see all this territory being cleared
is "being put to use. mainly through irri
gation. More people are coining in and
more lumber is being used. The tariff is
almost prohibitive and therefore it limits
th<- spun t supply to our own forests,
and we have hot large forests. They arc
big enough so far as acres are concerned,
but they are not big forests when you
come to compare them with the great for
ests of the northern country. Between
here and New Orleans there are no for
ests to speak of and yet we have to sup
ply all the demand.
'"'Something shoiild be done about it. I
have written to every Assessor in the
State to ask for information as to the
number of sawmills in their counties, and
when I have the answers it will surprise
people. There are hundreds of them and
I am afraid to guess at the timber they
cut every day."
Mr Mills has been gone a week. He re
turned yesterday morning. He did not
confine himself to the main line all the
way but took side trips whenever the op
portunity offered. Tie traveled in his pri
vate car. saw everything there was to Vie
seen and heard everything there was to
hear.
SEAL STILL SPORTS.
Big "McKinley" Was Not Shot at b^
Officer Atchison.
The plan was laid for a seal-shooting
exhibition at the Cliff .House yesterday
afternoon, but no shots were fired, and
big burly "McKinley," the father of the
flock, still lives to splash and croak out
a suffering life.
The officers of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals heard that
"Mac" was stretched out on one of the
Seal Rocks suffering from a gunshot
wound which, as it was supposed, he re
ceived while off on a visit to the Far
allones. Two members of the society,
with Officer Atchison. the crack shot of
the Police Department, went to the Cliff
House yesterday. They had intended to
end the" life of "McKinley" by some fine
rifle shooting. But the proprietor of the
place, J. M. Wilkins. was on the scene and
he refused to nllow any such proceedings.
He demonstrated to the humanitarians
and the police officer that "McKinley"
was a citizen of the Seal-Rock group and
that he was well enough to do almost any
old thing. Furthermore, Wilkins forbade
any popping of firearms on his land. The
three seal-destroyers moved eastward
with an unused rifle and big McKinley
still grunts.
TRACKED BY A WOMAN.
George B. Barlow Arrested in Seattle
May Not Be Brought Here.
The arrest of George B. Barlow in Se
attle, Wash., Sunday has given considera
ble satisfaction to the police and the
Southern Pacific detectives here. Attor
ney Frank Kelly of the Southern Pa
cific called at police headquarters yester
day and notified Chief Lees that he had
the extradition papers ready and was
waiting for the Chief to detail an officer
to go to Seattle and bring Barlow back
here. It is thought, however, that he will
be prosecuted in Seattle by Mrs. Tennant
swearing out a warrant against him
then.
Barlow came with Mrs. Tennant from
Salt Lake to manage a ranch fur her in
Los Angeles County. On the train be
tween here and Sacrainehto he stole her
valisf, containing $1300 worth of Jewelry
and valuable papers, and absconded. The
Southern Pacific officials toofe charge of
the case and a warrant was procured
from Judge Mogan for Barlow's arrest
on the charge of grand larceny.
Every effort was made by the police
and Southern Pacific detectives to locate
Barlow without success, and Mrs. Ten
nant finally decided to r" personally on
his trail, and it has bei-n through her
perseverance that his arrest has been se
cured.
COMPETITION FOR
THE PACIFIC MAIL
KOSMOS LINE OF STEAMERS TO
COME UP THE COAST.
Lendal M. Gray, the General Agent,
in Town to Look Over the
Field.
Lendal M. Gray, genera] agent in Guate
mala of the Kosmoa lino of steamers, is
at the California. He came up on the Peru
Sunday.
Mr. Gray's business in the city is the |
long talked of competitive line up the
coast. He says it is coming, and he H
here now to look over the Held and pos
sibly to establish an agency.
The steamers of the Kosmos line run
between M< xlco, C< ntral America and the
weet coast of South America. They are
all comparatively new vessels, large, wcil
appointed and of good speed, and
are a sufficient number of them to
the company to extend the line without
delay.
"We are not fighting with the Pacific
Mail," said Mr. Cray yesterday. "We are
just looking around and finding out If
there is business enough for us here, it
is business we are after, and if we fin 1
there Is a chance for us in San Francisco
we will bring our steamers here. It i*
pretty certain, however, that we will be
here within a year.
"I came up only yesterday and have not j
so far had time to look annind. I will ■
b«- here about ten days, and then I will
leave for Europe, but before i go I will
be able to say definitely whether or not
we will bring our line here."
So far as rates and rate wars were con
cerned, Mr. Cray would not venture any
information. His company, he repeated,
had no desire to work counter to the (Pa
cific Mall; it was looking for business and
would go after business when ver it might
t..- found. At first steamers will leave
here semi-monthly, but it Is hoped that
trips can be made more often after t!io
extension to this port has been estab
lished. The plans of the company are yet
Indefinite, however, nor will they be mi>re
certain until Mr. Cray has mad.- his re
i port to the home office of the line in li.-.m
--i burg.
Street Contractors Lose.
The City Improvement Company is
again loser in its action against William
Broderick as Auditor nf this city. Some ;
time nero the Supervisors save to the
company a onntrart to pave the city's i
portion of the street in front of Alamo i
square. When the work was done the !
bill was presented and ordered paid by
the Suprtf-vipnrs. but the Auditor refused
to audit the demand, on the ground that
the contract was illegal. The paying
company sought to enforce payment by
mandamus proceedings in the Superior
Court, but the Judge sustained a de
murrer to the action. An appeal was
taken to the higher court, which yester- i
day handed down a decision upholding '
the action of the lower court. The rea- i
son was that the Supervisors had vio- !
lated the law by giving out a contract '■
without advertising the work to be done,
and calling for competitive bids. These i
points are not now, having been decided
time and again.
KATLROAD TRAVEI*
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY PAY IN THE YEAR PITLLMAN
■ PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
i TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. 11.
DININO ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
i FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
| EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
| NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
I DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. «2S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 15«.
; OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
| SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
| SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAy
Leave San Francisco, via 6a.usa.lltu l'"erry.
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1839.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:16 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ings, Arriving In 8. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:39
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 49.
THOS. COOK & SON, Apeta.. 621 Market st.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HOl'Tlir.RN PACIFIC COJIPAST.
(pacific system.)
Trains l«*i»v<- ami an- il;n> to nrrlfc nl
NAN PBABfCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street)
lEavp. — From June 1, 18?9. — arkivb ■
7:OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... sjl3f
7:OOa Marysvillo UroTilleaud Itedding rla
Woodland 5:43p
7:00 a Elrcira, Vacarille and Rnmsey 8:l5p
7:30 a Martinez, San Vallejo. N»pa,
CalUtoga and Santa 1105 a..- 6:15p
«:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Kast.. h:*."»p
»::iua .San .lose, Livermore, .Stockton.
love iSacramcuto, Placerville,
MarysTillc. Chico. lied mud *«!.•»?
8:30 a •Miiton. OaWaleand .Sonora •»:I."»p
O:OOa Haywards. Niks and Way Stations. lll«*
9:00 a. MarUnez. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Mercc-d and Kresno t . . 12ii5*
OiOOa Fresno, UakenQeld, Baiil» Ilurliara,
Los Angeles. Demlns, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 5 : 15
1O:OOa Valleio. Martinez and Way Stations • :■!••»?
1 1 :OOa Havwartls. Mies and Way Stations. 2:«r
12:00 m Xiles, Lirermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Ilanford, Visalia,
Pcrtervlllo *• ' "
•r.OOp Sacramento l:iTerS^enn]era "S:O0p
8:00p Haywards, Niles arid Way Stations. 8:45r
4:O<»r Martini??, Kan lUuio'n, Vallejo,
Nai'.;i. CaUstoga, Santa Ilosa Oils*
4:OUr Benicla. VacaTille, Sacramento,
Wood and, K;:iplits Landing,
MarysTille, Oro»ille 10:15*
4:SopN!les. San Jose and Stockton ....... 7:15p
•S:3Op Yosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:1S»
5:00p Tho Owl. Tracy. Fresno, Bakers-
tiuld, Kaugus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 0:45 a
5:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:15?
s:3<tp Martinez, Tracy, MendotO, Fresno,
MoJaTe and J,os Angek-s 8:-1i>a
st3opi Santa I'd Route. Atlaiitio F.xpress
for Mojare »nl i:ast O:«p
0:0(»f European Mall, Ogdenand Must.... 9<45a
0:OOp Hayvrards. end Kan Jose 7:13 a
•O:«Oi- Vallejo 12:1 5p
7i«(»i' Oreßoii Kinross, Hacramento, Marys-
villo. IJcldlue, Portland, I'iiget
Sound last 7:*3*
tBr*«r ViUleJo, Port Costa and Way Hta-
tloni tiOi"*"?
COAST DIVISION (Nnrnrn (innge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
{7:4 Santa Cruz Excursion fcr Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JS:O5r
8:13 a Newark.CeutcrviMe, Ban Joso.Felton,
BonlderCri Santa Ornz and Way
Btaticus Sis*i'
2:13p Newark, CenterTillo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Fclton, I'culder Crock,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M 0:3«*
4:lAp San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tious e:S»*
64:13pFelton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiOEB / 9:304,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
?romBAS FR»::CISCO— fact of Uarktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:00«.M. }l:00 '2:00 (3:lf
•|:CO tB:CO -6:00.-%
fronOUUHD— root orßroidimj.— 8:00 10:00 a.
tI2:CQ '1:03 t2:CO '3:03 t4:C3 _ '3:03 1-.M,
COAST DIVISION (Hroad<Janße^.
(Third and To\7n3cml St?.)
•6:1 Ocean View, South Hin Fraacisoo.. VJTsop
•7:OOa Ran Jose nml Way Bbitions (New
Almaden Wednesdays 1:3 OF
|7j3oa Sunday Excursion for : •■:: Joso,
Ranti Cruz, Pudfia Grove uad
Principal Way Stations JS:SS»
OiOOa Han Jose, Trca Piuoa. KiUita CriiJ:,
Pacilio Orotc, I'hsu ltohlcs, f-iaii
l.nls Olitepo. Unadolttpc, Surf and
. Principal Way Stations 4:IOp
lOi4Oa Ban .lose mid Way Stations •8:004
11:30 a San Juso and Woy fltatioua 5:ao»
•2j43r San Mateo. Redwood, .V'nlo Park,
Palo Alto. S3nta Clara, San Jose,
Giiroy, lloilister. Sauta Ortiz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
(Jrovo Mo:3o*
•SiSOpSaii.Toseaud Way Stnlloiis ♦0:004
•l:l3i> San.Tc?eai)i Principal Way Stations 9:45*.
•s:oopSaa JOSO and rrir.cipaiWny Stations 6:S3a
n:::oi--S.ia.Tnsciiti'l Principal Way. Stations "H-.'.ttt.
6:::0p San Jobs and Way StaMons •7:30?
tl 1 :45p San Joaa and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning I* for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepred. } Snnaay only. t Saturday only,
fcSatuiday and Snnday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot 01 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:3Jw
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:£4
and 11 :30 p. m. ■ ' ■
BUNDAYS— B:9O, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:Mt
8:00. 6:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK. DAYS— <:IO, 7:JO. 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45.
1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips M
I:ES and 8:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40. 6:OV
8:25 p. nx. '
: Between San Francisco and echuetzen Park
name schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 18. -
Week Bun- 1*99. ' Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 an: Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa K>;*a. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
Fulton,
t:SO am Windsor, 10:23 aoi
Healdsburs,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 an»
1:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
t:» am 10:25 am
8:00 am Quernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pra
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ana
and
8:10 pm 5:60 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pnj|
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 ara
8:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:23 prq
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Borings; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchyj
Springs, Saratoga Spring?, Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, I mo.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle,,
Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs*
N'avarro Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
(-, rr - Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Brag?,
Westport, Usal, Wlllitts. Laytonville, Cosh
rnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Bcctla 'and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
r^d'ired rates. round trip tickets to all point*
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN, .
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SctunUte Parry.
Commencing April S3, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, «6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and Sam
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. *3:00, '10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.: 1:00, "1:45. »2:30, »4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays,
i 6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, «6:40, 7:55, 8:40, «10:2»
a. m.; 12:30, 2:15, '3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 'S:00, '3:45. '10:45. '11:43
a. m. ; 1:00. 2:20. •3:30, '3:15, '6:00, 7:00. 10:13
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55, 8:55. 10:33
a. m. ; 12:35, 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:03,
1-20 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
' ' THROUGH TRAINS.
700 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
S-20 p. m. Saturdays— and way Fta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a- m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way eta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. tB, 1599, trains will ran aa follow^
South-bound. North-bound. ,
Paasen- Mixed. Mixed. Passes
ger Sunday Btatlona. Sunday i;er. ,
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally, j
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 pra
1 1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am 8:35 pm Fresno 9:80 am 2:42 pra
11:88 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pro
i I:SS6 pm 12:30 am Baker? field 1:00 am 11:00 ara
! 11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 1:40 ami 1:22 pa»
, 11:15 pm I 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 ami 1:05 pig
Stopping at Intermediate point* aa required
For particulars of stag? and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. Ml Mark«|
1 Mr«et. Ban Fraflclsco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A*,«taJfS 625 F A X V ST. Established
BrfriM in 1854 for the treatment of Private
sn iJK.pBr Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
■?' •'O^JCBb disease won ring en body and mindand
»^SS"/*" M Skin Diseases. The dociorcureswnen
otbeisfall. Try him. Charges low,
S?SK3BB t'«rt'i» fcuornnlcrU Call orwrita.
! J*r. J. !■'- GIBBON, Box 1987. 5 ac Francisco
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
910
J. F. WULZER AND
SNOOK & CO. GET
A SHAKING UP
Scorching Report to
Supervisors.
THOSE BIDS FOR SUPPLIES
FIRE DEPARTMENT COMMITTEE
SCENTS A RANK JOB.
The Matter Goes Over for a Week in
Order to Give the Accused Firms
a Chance to Explain
Themselves.
The award of contracts for furnishing
supplies to the Fire Department for the
ensuing two years lins been held up for
», week by the Board of Supervisors at
Supervisor Perrault in or
der that two flnns that received an un
merciful lashing by the Fire Department
Committee may have a chance to appear
i themselves if they care to do
j- The matter first came up in yester
day's meeting, when dork Russell read
D:.- committee's report of Its meeting last
Saturday, in which it was stated among
■ things tli.u the schedule embraced
■ i continued in part:
"It appeared that J. F. Wulzen bid upon
tides and Jam. s A. Snook .<• Co.
192 a s. In many of the articles \
bid ipon by these respective bidders J.
F. Wulzen and Snook & Co., as shown by '
Ihief Engine* r, the prices w.re from
pi r cent over the market price,
s they appeared t.> be rival competi
the priti's bid showed that cither
r the other was the lowest bidder,
thstanding tin fact that the prices
■ largely ;.i excess of the market
as to Induce your committee to ques
lure by which this result
was obtained. The Information obtained
rumitti ■- 1 1 om the ■ Ihief Engi
' the Fire Department disclosed the
without any controversy that some
.... 01 worse, thai some combination
j which it was proposed under
n petitlve bidding to make ,
.;>• pay for Mie supplies required;
from 40 to 100 per cent in excess of the
market price. As an illustration of this
peculiar bidding, J. F. Wulzen whs the
]..west bidder on 44 different articles and '
; ■ elved el< yea awards, while.
James A. Snook >v Co. were the lowest
81 diffen tit articles and they
,1 but five awards. All bids on tile
other articles, where it was apparent that
ige was taken in the manner re
. on I ■ • gi iund that
were ton high ajul in excess of
the market rates."
n port staus that Dun
.-. l layden were allowed to
- "p< r dozen" in connec
l • ... specified for certain
articles, th< clerical omission being ob
and a number ■>: awards were mad<
: m. The n port then continues:
••In the matter of the bid of J. A. Snook
some examples of their ;
■ -..liloll),
- i:' ;.". a dozen, the market
being reported at $1 10; soda
m., i nd, round, the price Did is $n a 0 a.
. In lieu of >! 50, ihe market price;
■ -half to three Inch* -. the price
while the market
price is 7 .-ems. tar paper per roll. $2, as
Bt the mark, i price "t $1, and so on
In the dlffi i Is ot J. F. Wulzen and
.1. A. Snook & Co., Miis increase la per
u more or less a< gi cc over and
iin.n .■ the market price.
••Your committee uas determined vari
ous minor questions m making up the
Is, and believes that us recommend
ild be carried out and awards
made . recommend .1 to the lowest tuU- !
dci^, where the competition was bona I
iiUc. As to those supplies where 11 was
undoubtedly \h>- object by sum.- precon
■ >]. to make the cit> paj ex
tortionate prices, your committee recom
mends for the present, if required, these
supplies he purchased from wholesale
hous.es until such time as your committee
can lie assured that honest competitive
an be received.
"Your cummlttei cannot close thia re
some surpiis.
that th<- wholes - which deal In
these ,-jpplK-.- have failed as jiood citi
eitner <>n purpose or through Inat
tention, to give, the city by bidding there
for the ad iving these sup
pli.-s al reasonaole market rates."
ferrauli moved to .--ink- oui all refer
: . Snook >v < o. and Dun
ham, Carrigan & hlayden. He thought
the c nsi the first two firms was
too severe to appear on the
i ■ . ords.
Bymgton opposed the motion. Hr said
that ;i it wort; shown lhat those two
lirrus had entered into a combine to loot
the municipal treasury, the tact should
remain on record. Perrault's motion tin
ally prevailed; however, and that portion
oi the report quoted above was stricken
out. Later in tne session the matter came
up again, and Perraull and Byington bad
all animated discussion over it. The first
o: the successful bids way taken up for
ratification, but Perrault moved that all
bids tor furnishing supplies to the Fire
Department be laid over for one week in
oraer that Wulzen and Snook might have
■an opportunity to explain why they had
doubted up on the market price of cer
tain articles in their bids. The doctor
admitted that Snook was a friend of his,
and thin 11 the charges mad.- against
Snook were repeated in that gentleman's
presence the meeting <■: the board would
be transformed Into an imitation of a
boxing tournament of the National Club
Tile Mayor tried to gloss over the af
fair by calling Perrault attention to the
fact that the objectionable language had
already been stricken out of the commit
tee's report, but the doctor called atten
tion to Byington's statement in opposi
tion to the lirst motion.
"1 merely said that II those two firms
had combined to loot the treasury the
fact should remain of record," explained
Byington.
•'No, you didn't; you said they had
combined to loot the treasury," insisted
Perrault.
"Very well. then. If I made such a
statement I will stay with it," cooHy re- I
plied the other.
After some further discussion, Per
rauit'a motion prevailed, the members
thereby passing it up to Mr. Snook to
make good Dr. Perraulfs assertion that
he would afford some amusement to the
board if given an opportunity.
The scheme to pay something over
$25,000 for abstracts of titles to the prop- 1
erty in the park panhandle extension be- i
fore the people had even voted to issue
bonds for the purchase of the property
was not called up at all. Jn fact, not one
of the Judiciary Committee had signed
the recommendation awarding the. con
tract, 80 it was turned over to the City
and County Attorney, with some other
matters pertaining to the extension, and
will probably not be heard of again.
Twenty bills, aggregating $153,775 78, un
der the new rate for lighting streets and
public buildings, for December, January,
February and March, were ordered paid.
Permission was granted the Market
street Railway Company to erect a sta
tion at the corner of Sixteenth and Bry
ant streets, for the convenience of pas
sengers transferring at that point.
The Fire Commissioners were author
ized to purchase two tire engines at a
cost of $4t»-io each, from money contrib
uted for the purpose by the various insur
ance companies. !
Permisison was granted the National
Alh"ltic Club to hold a boxing contest be- ;
tween July 1 and IS.
The Superintendent of Street* was in
structed by resolution to repair that por
tion of Bush street from which the tracks
of the Sutter-street Railway Company
have been removed; to keep accurate ac- ;
count of the cost of such repairs and ma
terials used, and on the completion of
the work he is to present a bill to the
company. If payment is refused the City
and County Attorney is directed to begin
Bult to recover the amount and for exem
plary damages.
The Market-street Company was or
dered to reconstruct the curbs and side
walks on BoßWorth street, so as to widen
the walks to ten feet. The tracks of the
company now occupy bo much space that j
traffic is obstructed.
The following firms were awarded con
tracts for furnishing supplies to the Fire* i
Department: Thomas R. Haves, W. P.
Fuller & Co., Mack & Co.. Langley & I
Michaels, Boston Hose and Rubber Com
pany. William 11. Birch & Co., Globe ;
Brass and Bell Foundry. M. Greenberg
Sons, C. M. Yates, Arctic Oil Works,
Bowers Rubber Company, Goodyear Rub
ber Company, Richard C. Jones & Co.,
HumboUlt Lumber Mill Company, P.
Swift, W. T. Gamut & Co., Steizer &
Kerr, James A. Snook & Co., Dunham, :
Carrigan & Hayden Company and J. F. i
Wulzen.
By an order passed to print, establish-
Ing, approving and adopting the official
map of the city, the City Engineer was
authorized, in 1896, to prepare a map, with
a few minor exceptions made under the !
ordinance regarding the delineations of !
certain lands.
The resolution increasing the compensa- !
tion of the appraisers of the panhandle
extension to $2000 each was passed to
print.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
j The following petitions were received p.nd re
| ferred to the Street Committee: A. McKlroy
for permission to erect and maintain a fence
and sidewalk on southeast corner of lnird
street and South Park; John Tuttle, for permis
sion to continue blasting on Flint tract; ; L..
AKschul for permission to remove a building
from the north side of Putter street, between
l>evisadero and Broderick, to a lot on opposite
side of street; property-owners, for raising of
the grade of Castro street at Fifteenth, and of
Fifteenth street at its westerly termination, to
be raised three feet; property-owners, for
1 changing of grade on Twenty-ninth street, be
tween Church and Dolores; property-owners,
for gas lamppost on westerly side of Fillmore
street, between Halght and Pafre; property
owners, for gas lampposts on southeast corner
of Brady and Colton streets and on the west
side of Brady, between Colton and West Mis
sion; Jensen A; Bath, to erect wooden sign on
awning at SOS Sixth street; B. H. LdchteMtein,
for permission to alter premises at 17 Grant
avenue; Charles T. Sweeney, for permission to
retain a cloth sign at 132 Eighth street; J. T.
Hamilton, for eight-Inch water main in Con
: necticut street, between Twenty first and
Twenty-second, and hydrant in center of block;
Mount St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum, for
mains and hydrants in Q street south, between
Fifteenth and Eighteenth avenues, and In Sil- j
ver avenue, between Seventeenth and Nine
teenth south; property-owners, for electric
light at crossing Of Haight and Scott streets;
J. 11. Grlftith. for gas or electric light on cor
ner of Ijiherty and Castro streets, or in middle
of block on Liberty, between Noe and Castro;
property-owners, for are lights on Fillmore
street, from Geary to Washington, for which
money was provided in last tax levy; property
owners, tor arc lights on Devlsadero street,
from Oak to California, for which money was
provided in last tax levy; C. P. Robblns, pres-
I ident Ooean View Improvement Club, for ex
tension of pound limits to county line; W. K.
1 I ml. ..js requesting to be allowed to retain
wooden sidewalks on Market street, between
Fifteenth an.l Sixteenth; Edward K. Pearson, I
for permission to remove building from Van |
Ness avenue, between Pacific and Midway,
to North Point street, between I/arkin and \
Hyde; Hannah, for j^rmission -to repair
premises 1108 to 1124 Stockton street; Florence
Blythe Hinckley, for permission to alter prem
ise* at 710 Market street; J. W. Pence, for per
mission to remove bunding from Folsom street,
between Eleventh and Twelfth, to lot on Bry- j
ant avenue, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth |
streets; Henry N. Mickey, for permission to
maintain a nine-foot sidewalk on Church .
street, between Thirteenth and Heitnann; prop
erty-owners, for artificial stone sidewalk on ,
northwest corner of Bush and Monroe streets; j
Market Street and Eureka Valley improve- :
ment Club, for boulevard from Market and \
Dolores streets to park panhandle; James Mc-
Granaghan and James Clark, for permission to i
' construct artificial stone sidewalks on west side
of Sanchez street, between Sixteenth and Sev
enteenth, and on south Bide of Sixteenth, be
tween Sanchez and N ■•. Manuel .1. Plres, for
permission to grade and macadamize East aye
, nue, between And. .ver and Holly Park, by pri
vate contract; Scott & Arms, for permission to .
. erect barber pole at 8 Front street: E. Picasso,
for permission to erect a shed on north side :
| of Pacific street.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
Th<* following protests were received nr,.l re
ferred to the proper committees
re, against laying wooden sidewalks on
Baker street, between Greenwich and Lom
bard; Mary C. lUnes. complaining of Btable at
3M< Sixteenth str.-et. Henry Dalton, against
lnyirig artificial stone sidewalks on Twenty
sixth and Fair Oaks streets; pr perty owners.
-■ grading Sa;: Bruno avenue, between
"iftee ■ ■■■ ■ I Ninth and Division Btreets:
against luyint; artificial stone sidewalk
i He avenue, 130 feet east
of Qough; s.-inie, against paving by private con
tract Belcher street, between Thirteenth and
teenth; same, against construction of
in church lane, between Dolores and
'. 1
.•> iMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
Communications were received a.= follows:
From Fred Eaton, Mayor of I-os Angeles, re
questing a statement of the objections to the
use of the Hunter or Douglas tender on the
car? of '.!■.•■ street railroads of Pan Francisco;
X. C. Hawk?, calling attention to damage to
his property by grading of Polk street, and re
questing compensation for same: Bnteman
Bros. , requesting an extension of time on con
tract for erection of Hall of Justice building.
BTREET WORK ORDERED.
Resolutions were VStssed ■.r'lfrlriK the p»>r
ince of the following street work; Pav
ing crossing Clay ami Lyon streets, bitumen;
il stone sidewalks. Third avenue, be
tween Clement and California streets Bouth,
where not already laid, etc.; same, on Ford
• ■ between Noe and Sanchez, where not
already laid, etc.; same, on westerly side oi
Fair Oaks street, between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth, eir. : remacadamizing roadway
an.l Bldf walks o< crossing ol Twentieth avenue
and Clement street, exceot that :»Ttl"n rp
quired by law t6 be k^i.t in order by the rHii
f>u,i company; granite curbs ••n Filbert sti»^»t.
between Baker and Broderick, where m>t al
ready laid, roadway to be paved with basalt
blocks anci bitumen
CONTRACTS AWARDED.
Resolutions awarding contracts for the per
formanoe of street work were passed as follows:
City Street Improvement Company, granite
curbs m:i Golden date avenue, between Halter
und Lyn streets, where nut already laid, at $1
)..t lineal foot, also roadway to b* paved with
bitumen, where n',t already bo paved, at '.«i
cents !>'t square foot; same, granite curbs "ii
Diamond street, between Eighteenth and Nine
teenth, where not already laid, at ho rents per
linear foot; also pavement of roadway with
bitumen where not already laid, at 21-^
pei square :
Permission was granted Peter McHugh for
the grading and mai adamlzlng by private con
tract of westerly half of Twenty-fifth avenue,
between Point Lobos avenue and Clement
street, iiml to San Francisco Paving Company
to lay by private contract bituminous pave
ment "ii Laussat avenue, between Buchanan
and WetiPter s treetH.
DECLARATIONS OF INTENTION,
Resolutions declaring Intention to order the
performance "1 Btreet work were passed as fol
lows: Laying an s-ln<'h Ironstone pipe sewer
in Francisco street, between Webster and Flll
more, commencing at a polnnt 137';.. feet west
erly from Webster street and running thence
westerly along center lino of Francisco street
• for a distance ol 1874 feet, balance of the
street between Jackson and Gold stre.-t be
paved with bituminous n»«-k; .-n-tinoial st..n^
: sidewalks to be laid on northeasterly, north
westerly and southwesterly corners of cross-
Ing of clay and l,aurel streets, and that the
roadway of said crossing be paved with hltunii
nous rock; artificial st"ti-' sidewalks to be laid
mi northwesterly and northeasterly corners of
the crossing or Clay and I^j.-ust streets, road
way erf crossing to be paved with bituminous
ro. k . artificial Btone sidewalks t" be laid on
northwesterly, southwesterly and southeasterly
corners, ot crossing of Laurel and Washington
Mr>-ets, bitumen In roadway; artificial stone
sidewalk to !>•■ laid on northwesterly corner of
the crossing Of ''astro and Seventeenth streets;
stone water Inlet with gracing and culvert to
be constructed on the northwesterly i,,mer of
the crossing of Clement street and Sixth ave
nue: artificial stone sidewalk to be laid on
; the four corners of the crossing uf Dolores and
Fifteenth streets, roadway paved with bitu
i men; grading of Hartford street to official line
and 5-inch ironstone pipe sewer be constructed
therein to connect with Bewer In Eighteenth
street, curbs, artificial Stone Sidewalks and bi
tuminous rock pavement; roadway of the cross
, ing of Chestnut and Leavenworth Hreets to
be paved with bituminous rock; crossing of
[ Clement street and Twenty-second street to
tie regraded to official line and roadway mac
, adamlsed except that portion required to be
i kept in condition by the railroad company
I having tracks thereon; artificial stone side
walk to be laid on southerly side f ]>st
street, between Pevisadero and Broderick.
where not already laid. etc. ; artificial stono
' sidewalks t.. be laid on northerly side of Wil
low avenue between (Sough anil Octavia streets
where not already laid, etc.; artificial ston»
sidewalks to be laid on westerly side of La.
guna. betw-^n Ellis and O'Fairell, where not
already laid, etc.; artificial stone sidewalks to
be laid on southerly aide of Kddy street, be
tween Gough and Ortßvia, where not already
laid, etc.; artificial stone sidewalks to be laid
on easterly side of L&guna street, between
Oolden Gate avenue and McAllister street,
where not already laid, etc. ; artificial stone
sidewalk on the southerly Hide of O'Farrell
street, between Kaguna and Ru'hanan, also
between Laguna and Octavia; artificial stone
1 ridewalks to be laid on northerly side of Fil
■ bert street, between Roach alley and Jones
Ftreet. where not already laid, etc.; granite
curbs to be laid on Washington stre.t. between
Laurel and I>ocußt. where not alrendy laid, and
roadway thereof to be paved with bituminous
rock where not already bo paved: grnnlte curbs
to !>■■ laid on Alabama ptreet, between Twen'y
sec.nd and Twenty-third, where not already
laid and roadway thereof to be paved with
bituminous rock where not already so paved;
granite curbs to be laid on Alabama stre.t. be
tween Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Streets,
where not already laid, and roadway thereof
be paved with bituminous rock where not al
ready so paved; artificial stone sidewalk to be
laid on the southerly side of Turk street, be
tween Scott an<l Devlsndero, where not already
laid, etc.; artificial stone sidewalks to be laid
en northerly side of Post street, between <>e
tavla and I.nguna. where not already laid. etc.
STREET WORK RECOMMEXDKD.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the performance of the following street work:
Granite curb and artificial stone sidewalks" on
northerly side of Eighteenth street between
Dolores anil Church, westerly from the corner
of Dolores 398 feet; roadway of Eighteenth
street to center line. to be paved with bitumi
nous rock except that part required to be kept
In order by the railroad company; artificial
•tone sidewalk on southerly side of Chestnut
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 1899.
! street between Dupont and Stockton where not
I already laid and except where bituminous rock
i sidewalks are laid: ten-inch ironstone pipe
' with three manholes and covers in Chapulte
j pec street between Eugenia and Virginia ave
nues to connect with sewer In Virginia aye-
I nue; ten-inch Ironstone pipe sewer northerly
portion of crossing of Chapultepec street and
Eugenia avenue: twelve-inch* ironstone pipe
sewer In easterly and westerly portions and
eight-inch iru>nstone pipe sewer In southerly
portion, with manhole and cover in center of
j said crossing; also cesspools anil culverts In
I northeasterly and southeasterly corners of said
crossing.
STREET WORK ACCEPTED.
Resolutions of full acceptance of street
work were passed as follows: Spruce street be-,
tween Clay and Washington, bitumen; Twenty-
I third between Alabama and Florida, Bryant
I and York, Harrison and Alabama, Hampshire
and Potrero avenue. Florida and Bryant, York
and Hampshire, also crossings Twenty-third
i and Florida, Twenty-third and Hampshire,
I Twenty-third and York. Twenty-third end Har-
I rison, all bitumen; Walker street between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth, bitumen.
Sixth street from Channel to the southeast
erly line of lrwin street was conditionally ac
.-.., ted.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME.
Resolutions were passed extending the time
on contracts for street work as follows: W.
Williams. Belser & Co., thirty days on contract
t.. construct sewer In Berkshire street between
Diamond and northwest line of Southern Pa
cifir Railroad right of way; same, ninety days
on contract to construct sewer In lower terrace
between Serpentine place and Pluto street
westerly from Pluto street.
PROTESTS SUSTAINED.
Objections to the construction of sewers In
the following named streets and avenues were
sustained : Sunny side avenue between Foster
nnd Edna streets; crossing of Sunnyside ave
nue anil Fost.-r; Hearst avenue between Edna
and I>etrolt; crossing Hearst avenue and De
troit street: Hearst avenue between Detroit and
Congo streets; crossing Hearst avenue and
Congo street: Circular avenue between Congo
and Jarnac streets; Edna street between Sun
nyside and Hearst avenues; crossing Edna
and Hearst avenue; Congo street between
Hearst and Flood avenues; Congo between
Flood and Circular avenues; crossing Congo j
and Flood avenue; crossing Congo and Circular
avenue.
PROTECTS OVERRULED.
Resolutions were passed overruling objections
to performance of the following street work:
Artificial stone sidewalks on Sanchez between i
Market and Sixt.-enth streets; same, Sanchez
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth, Seven
teenth and Eighteenth; Sixteenth between Noe
and Sanchez.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
Resolutions were passed reducing wlflth of
Bidewalk on Bosworth street to ten feet: di- ■
recting Superintendent ol Streets to compel
property owners to reconstruct wooden side- j
walk and bulkhead in front of lot adjoining
l"]v Pine street if found upon examination to
I*- in a dangerous condition; abolishing fjrade j
;ii Twenty-ninth street and Southern Pacific
I Railroad tracks between Dolorep and Church
streets: requesting Market Street Railway to :
reconstruct curb and sidewalks on Bos worth;
directing the Superintendent of Streets to re
i move house and fences which Interfere with j
' grading of San Jose avenue, between Twenty- i
nnd Twenty-third streets; accepting |
! Krant of right of way *nd easement from |
! Southern Pacific Railroad Company for outlet
■ for proposed sewer to be constructed at the
i Junction of Charles and Arlington streets.
WELBURN COMES TO
THE BAR OF JUSTICE
LOUIS LOUPE TELLS OF A QUEER
PROCEEDING.
Nellie O'Brien Gives Strong Testi
mony Against the Defendant
for Withholding More Than
Half of Her Salary.
The Well. urn case dragged along in the
United States District Court yesterday.
The lirst witness was Burt M. Thomas.
special revenue agent. Mr. Thomas iden
tified the papers, etc., introduced in evi
dence and gave the jury an idea of the
routine of the Internal Revenue Collec
tor's office.
Louis Loupe, formerly chief deputy for
Collector Welburn, told how W. H. Dil
lard used to si^n W'clburn's name to re
ports and letters of tr.'i nsmissal. Dillard
could Imitate Welburn's signature so well
that the witness could not tell the X' jn
uine from the imitation. 'i lie witness
told about E. C. Akins being employed as
a dummy for Captain John E. xoung
berg. Witness said Akins received t'-o
per month, Foungberg drawing the sal
ary that should have been paid to Akins.
Dillard had the keys to the Collector's
office and desk. He also opened all of
Welburn's letters and attended to his pri
vate affairs.
Thomas Burns of the United States sub
treasury id. ntlfied a large number of
vouchers and checks tor salaries of
clerks, and said that Dillard had drawn
the money for most of them, Dillard haw
ing been recommended to him by Wei- I
burn as the official messenger for his of- ;
fice.
The most Interesting witness of the day
whs Miss Nellie 1". O'Brien. She was en
gaged by Welburn on February 'Jv lvo.
to work as a clerk in the office for $.'.v per
month. She was sworn In on the same
day and went to work on the next day,
j March l. Miss O'Brien was given vouch
] ers to sinn with the amounts blank.
They were introduced in evidence and
■ showed $129 for March. $123 for April and
$103 for May. She said she received only
$50 per month and was paid by Welburn
personally In currency.
The nath of office taken by the witness
was dated February 11 and her salary
for February, she asserted, was collected
by Welburn or Dillard, although she did I
not work in February, the 28th of that
| month being the lirst time she saw Wel
burn or was in the Appraiser's building.
She look the oath of office on Febru
arj 28.
The trial will be resumed at 10 o'clock .
' this morning.
MINISTERS' MEETINGS.
Interesting Papers Bead by Dr.
Stephens, Dr. Jones and Dr.
Adam.
Rev. John Stephens delivered an address
before the Methodist Episcopal Ministers'
'. Union at the weekly meeting yesterday
morning on "Kiblleal Criticism, Its Aims
i and Principles. He said the effort to
show through the critic Bible truths was
In itself a perfectly legitimate process and
'. -would ultimately give a clearer under
standing of the scriptures. He thought
I that criticism did not in any way affect
' the fact of revelation, but only the form
of it. Critics themselves, he said, do not
agree in their opinions and the tendency
is to return toward old traditions.
In the discussion which followed the
dissertation on the subject Dr. Locke said
jlt was time enough for the clergy to be
alarmed when the higher critics fell into
accord and became confreres. If the
Wble was true it could not be impaired by
those conscientiously seeking the truth.
: Dr. Goodwin said there was enough of the
i old good hook left after the siftings to
: save people. Rev. John A. B. Wilson
said he was not so much afraid of the
\ critics as he was of the defenders. He
illustrated his point by an apt story.
Bishop S. Garrison, publisher of the Lib
erator, was at the meeting and presented
a pamphlet to each minister, which con
tained a history of his experiences in spir
itualism.
At the Presbyterian ministers' weekly
meeting Rev. John R. Jones of Los An
geles gave a review of the new catechism
of the English free church, in .which he
undertook to show something: of its theo
logical value to the church generally.
Rev. B. J. Adam of Bombay addressed
the member? of the Congregational I'nion
by telling bis experiences in Bombay,
India.
WELLS IS WRATHFUL.
The Auditoi- and School Superintend
ent Have a Clash.
Auditor W<llw accuses Superintendent of
Schools Webster of props carelessness and
thr'.itens to expose him in his next an
nual report. Several weeks apo the Audi
tor pays he wrot<» to Mr. Webster request
ing him to furnish the average daily at
tendance at the public schools for the
present fiscal year In order that the Audi
tor might make his estimate on the ap
propriation for the next year. No atten
tion was paid to this communication, so a
Becond was sent, but Ptlll Mr. Webster re
mained silent. Yesterday morning Audi
tor Wells sent his chief deputy to make a
personal demand for the report. Accord
| ing to the deputy, Superintendent Web
ster stated that he sent letters to the
principals last Saturday asking them to
| send in the average daily atendance, but
had not received any reply. As tne scnools
! closed Friday and the principals are pre
i paring to jf" away, if they have not al
ready left town, the deputy remarked that
it was rather late to get the Information,
to which Mr. Webster is said to have re
plied that It made no difference any way.
When informed of Webster's statement
the Auditor sent him a letter censuring
him severely. The Auditor says he will
have to approximate the attendance, as
he lias only ten days in ■which to get up
his estimate.
HEALTH BOARD FAILS
TO WIELD THE AX
EXPECTATIONS OF THE JOB
CHASERS ARE DEFERRED.
Another Meeting to Be Held Wednes
day Night, When a Clean-Up
Is Looked For.
The Board of Health met at noon yes
terday, hut contrary to the hopes and
expectations of the horde of job hunters
who filled the meeting room and slopped
over into the corridor, the ax was not
wielded. Mayor Phelan presided and Drs.
Coffey, Payne and Barbat answered to
rollcall. Dr. Keeney at present being out
of the city. i Captain Reddy, superintend
ent of the A'lmshouse, sent in a communi
cation stating that one female night
nurse and two night watchmen were an j
absolute necessity, and asking that thry j
be appointed. The application was placed
on file.
Secretary Dunne produced a formidable
bundle, which he announced were appli
cations for positions, and asked if he
should read them. The board ordered
them filed without reading. They were
from the following:
Mrs. Lizzie Karr to be matron of the
Receiving Hospital; Mrs. Rose Kane to i
be retained in that position; K. S. Pills- i
bury to be bacteriologist of the depart- j
I ment; Leonard White to lie driver of Gol- j
den Gate Park ambulance; P. F. Miatt to ;
be messenger; R. M. Clare to be engineer
at the City and County Hospital; N. Mc-
Laughlin "to be plumbing Inspector; Wil
liam J. Nelan to be an assistant; «1. \V.
Edwards to be a health inspector; Mrs.
1 Johanna F. Clarke to be Almshouse ma
tron, and Alfred ("Nobby") Clark to be
superintendent of that institution; Rob
ert Trewin to be steward at the Receiv
ing Hospital; Ml.ss Mary Pattun to be re
tained as chief nurse at the City and
County Hospital; Edward Neuman to be
chemist; Charles Jost Jr. to be a hialtli
Inspector, and O. L. Tuttle to be up
i pointed to a "suitable position."
Dr. Payne moved that the third Wed
nesday of each month at 8 p. m. be the
regular meeting time of the board. It
was adopted and the board adjourned to
next Wednesday night, when it is likely
that the patronage will be handed out.
It is report* d that E. A. Reddy will re
tain the superlntendency of the Alms- j
house. It is argued that his excellent re-
I cord would insure his reinstatement by i
the next board under the new charter a
few months hence, so it would not be
worth while to remove him.
LOOKS BAD FOR SETDEMAN.
Boys Who Stole Brass From Railroad
Cars Give Strong Testimony
Against Him.
Th* preliminary examination of Morris
Sledeman. \h> junk dealer on Fourteenth
street, charged with receiving stolen]
goods from the eight boys who stripped ,
fourteen cars of the Southern Pacific
of all the brasswork, was continued be- |
fore Judge Conlan yesterday.
Two of the boys, Victor Shurrin .and
Henry Lehman, gave their testimony aa
■ to the stealing of the brass from the cars
i and selling it to the defendant for a tri
lling sum. The attorney for the defendant
i tried hard to get the boys to contradict
themselves, but he was unsuccessful. The
1 case was continued until to-morrow morn
ing.
Seldeman had been out on Jinoo bonds,
; but ii was pointed out to the Judge that
one of the bondsmen, Jake Harris, had
! only qualified on JSOO instead of $1000, and
: the* Judge ordered i he defendant into cua
-1 tody and increased his bonds to J'JtKio.
BATTERY F COMING.
It Has Been Ordered to the Presidio
to Do Garrison Duty.
First Lieutenant J. D. Leitch of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry has been relieved
from duty as recruiting officer at the Pre
sidio, and Second Lieutenant H. Clay
Evans Jr. of the Third Artillery is detailed
in his stead. Batteries I ana o. Third j
Artillery, will be the garrison of the post
when th<- Twenty-fourth koi-s to Manila.
Light Battery F of the same regiment
will shortly be here to assist in the yar
rison work.
Bight new companies have been formed
in the casual detachment, making a total
of twenty-nin.- companies. Ka< h <>1' these
companies will average from 100 to IGO
men.
.lames P. Greenwell of the casual de
tachment and Allen L. Waite, Troop F,
Fourth Cavalry, both died of pneumonia
at the General Hospital late on Sunday
night.
Row in the Richelieu.
As a result of the row in the Richelieu
saloon, Geary and Market streets, Sun
day nig-ht, Thomas Hallinan, a glazier in
Whlttier, Fuller & Co.'s; Andrew Pas
tlni, a fruit merchant on Davis street,
and William Clinton, a timekeeper at the
I'nion Iron Works, were arrested yester
day by Detectives Dillon and Crockett
on* warrants charging them with ma
llcious mischief and assault with a deadly
weapon upon Richard Littlo. the bar
tender. Two other "John Doe" warrants
were Issued, as the names of the defend
ants were not known.
Lecture on "Becket."
"Wo It or Myron Lowell, who has rpcently
retired from the ministry to devote his
time and attention to the lecture plat
form, delivered a lorture, coupled with a
souk recital. :it the California-street
Methodist Church last evening. His sub
ject was "Thomas a' Becket," and he
talked for fifteen minutes on the charac
ter ami life of that great churchman. He
Followed this by Intoning, to a musical ac
companiment, Tennyson's play, built
around the same rharacter, as arranged
by Sir Henry living.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
John Barry to Frank Walterstein, lot on N
line of Sutter street. 137:6 E of Pierce, E :,:> by
N 137:6; $iv.
Hi nrv S. and Jane E. Loane to Carrie Wilson
de Mamiel, lot on N line of Golden Gate ave
nue. K{7:« W of Pierce street, W 37:6 by N 137:6;
(,'ift.
Charles and Elizabeth C. Wilson to J. C. Mc-
Kinzie lot on S line of Fourteenth street, 152
B of Castro. E 26 by S 115; $10.
Lewis I. and Florence A. Harvey to Simon
Nacele lot on W line of Chattanooga street, 7i
N of Twenty-fourth, N 2S by W 100; $10.
Joseph and Fannie C. Haber to Benjamin H.
Llchstenstein, lot on N line of O'Parrell street,
27: C E of Powell, E 55 by N 77:6; $10.
Louise Kopp (wife of Charles) to Amanda
Kopp lot on SF. line of Minna street, 332:6 SW
Of Fifth, SW in >••• SE ~<>: gift.
Charles Shrakkart to Rose Inlges, lot on SW
line of Harriet street, i 75 SE of Harrison, SE
25 by SW 75; gift.
Muri Felx to Herman I. Nager, lot on N line
of B street. 4r.:H E of Fourteenth avenue. X
45:9 by N 137:8: $10.
Jacob and Una Heyman to Roxannaii A.
Joyce lot on SE corner of San Jose and Nagiee
avenues, S 134:4, E lifi. N 25, W 25, N 105, W
125 block 3, West End map 2; $10.
Louis Cornelius to Frank W. Lawler, lot on
W line of Bright street, 100 N of Sherman, N
25 by \V 100. lot 44 block 46, City Land Asso
ciation; $l | i.
F. W. Lawler to Emily C. Pollard (wife of
T Jesse) same; $10.
P and Mary P. Rothermel to Charles P.
Kern lot on 17 line of Victoria street, 425 N
of Garfleld (Sherman), N 25 by E 100, lot 22,
block 45 City I^nnd Association; $10.
lames I. Bllven to Emily S. Bllven, lot on N
line of Shields street, 120 W of Thornton. W
27, N 100, E 21:10, S 100, lot 25. block 2, City
iAnd Association: gift.
Alameda County.
Amy G. Camron to Charles N. Wood, lot on
east l'lne of Grove street, 35 N of Fortieth, N
30 by 11R being lot 6. resubdivislon of Mont
gomery Tract. East Oakland: $."..
Charles F. and F. L. Schlener to C. A. ClTl
chester lot on teouth line of Stanley street,
39< i 71' E of Grove, E 50, S 106.55, W 50, N 106.03
to beginning, being lot 9, block 8, McKee Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Thomas R. and Florence Sheridan to George
E Pratt lot on south line of Evoy avenue or
Fortieth street. 259 E pt West. E 135:4 by S 100,
being a portion of tot 6 and all of lots 7 and S,
Quint tract, Oakland; $10.
William and Agnes G. Mann to Laura E.
Kelley, lot on north line of Albion street,
&s:ll>* E of Grove, E 30 by N 100, portion of
lots 4. 5 and 6. Alden Tract. Oakland; $10.
Alice F. Camron to Charles N. Wood, lot on
northeast corner of Fortieth and Grove streets,
E iis by N 35, being lot 7, resubdivislon of
Montgomery Tract, Oakland: $5.
Manuel S. Cardoza to Maria V. Silva, lot on
east line of Kennedy street. 135.53 N of Shasta
avenue. N 50 hy E 126, being lots 29 and 30,
block A. Camden Twenty-thlrd-avenue Tract,
Ea«t Oakland (subject to a mortgage for $300);
$300.
Hans C and Clara Knudson to Rebecca
I Wurti, lot J. block 175, on map of subdivision.
lots 12. 13 and 14 and portion lot 11, corrected
Map of Snyder Homestead Tract, Berkeley;
J2OO.
Builders' Contracts.
Desire' Fricot (owner) with \Y. L. Holman
(contractor), architect none — Elevator, eleva
tor shaft, electric and other machinery, stair,
carpenter and ornamental work, etc., for Wind
sor Hotel on lot on SW corner of Market and
Fifth streets: $2400.
Christian Froelicrt (owner) with Cahill &
Hall Elevator Company (contractors), archi
tect Albert Sutton— One electric freight eleva
tor and one hydraulic sidewalk elevator for a
four-story and basement brick building on lot
on W corner of .Second and Minna streets. XW
40. SW 57:6, NW 20, SW 20, SE CO, SW 77:6;
JISOO.
Mrs. Henriette Scheeline (owner) with John
Finn. (contractor), architects Salfield &
Kohlberg— Excavation, brick, carpenter and
mill work, glazing, plastering and hardware for
alterations to a frame residence on lot on S
line of Clay street, 82:6 E of Goueh, E So by
S 127:S' : $5200.
John Stelling (owner) with A. Howkins (con
tractor), architect IT. Oellfuss— carpenter
and mill work, tinning, etc., for a two-story
frame residence and two-story frame building
(two flats) on lot on E line of Noe street. SO
N of Fourteenth, N 50, X 100, S 25, W 50, S 25,
W 50; (4425.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Qulgley. Boston W G Collins, Ogden
O E Smith & w. Bolue W Snelling & w. lowa
A Worth & w. Stockton C A Hamilton, Buffalo
A Chan, Sacto W Lindsay & w, Idaho
O H Ople, Woodlands ;O I, Wood A w, Nev
c Peterson, Placervifle S Mills, Cal
C Gilbourne, Merced A J Smith, Seattle
J P Powers. Merced 1) Methow, Oakley
J Barrett. Merced L, Ivong. Illinois
E C Rembo, Cal Miss Gully. Colo
J A King, Cal I
PALACE HOTEL.
H J Hildebrand. NY R M Simms, Fla
C A Whiting. N V Mrs Slmms. Fla
Edith Tolfree. Chicago It E Galvln, Ohio
G C Hudson. NY R J Knox. N V
C B StiUman, N V Miss Goed, N V
O P> Lamson, I'tah J Williamson, N V
R M Jones, Utah IW W Abell, Balto
C, Miliken. N V |a R Smith, England
II Jerusalem. Visalia J F Catley. England
Count Holnsteln, N V C Lyell, England
F Searles, Nevada W B Wilox. \' S N
W C Rogers, Benlcia H Cook, Gridley
E Johnson. Portland |.T D Hooker. L Anjr
C E Rommel, f S N |G Babcock, Coronado
,T S Baer, Chicago Mrs Babcock. Coronndo
J Gardiner L An? Miss Edwards, Corormb
E L Fustin. Phila L Rosenthal. Chicago
H A Fry, Phila E Block, Prescott
C E Coloney, Phila Mrs J Patten, Wash
GRAND HOTEL.
A\V Maltby &w, Cal Miss N MrGrat h. Wntv
F II Plate. San Jose J M Peart. College Cy
H E Peery, Ojjden F H Farrar. Merced
G Vernon, Mont " Barber, Santa (>uz
G T Hesser * w, lowa T <> Houser. Stockton
CII Taylor & w, Cal A J TVllkln. Covina
Mrs Myers, Cal H M Houser, fnvina
Miss Myers, <'al J 1> Houser, Covina
R Bancroft. Merced J F Millner, H.-ntnn
G Johnston, I'l<';is;intn I Campbell, Kenton
W F Ingnlls, Napa |T C Woodworth, <"n\
c i ; Bonner, Fresno W R Llnscott, S iyuz
\V r, Witter. 8 Carlos H C Magrly Ml>. Cal
I> M Smith. S farlos 3 J Dennis, N V
P Plaza, Sun Carlos A Bulan. X V
C F Serra. Snn Carlos J M Strlenlntf. P Rosa
C II Smith. Stockton X N Bulla, I, Ani;
E M iv.rtor. Napa F G <!i n, B ltafael
P W Page, F»rt Jones C Nelson & w, Saoto
H M Clair Jr. I'a J Grover. Colusa
I r Davenport, I> Ang T McKay. Roston
F. F Sailor. Colfax Or T A Keahles &. w.
i, H Young:, Cal Veterans' Home
H M Horn, Palo Alto B n Fulton. S Barbara
F A Kaufman, Woodld C Dunphy, Millbrae
Mrs N Green, Watsonv F M Stockey, S Barb
Mrs <; V Martin. Watvl
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francliico
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES -527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Lnrkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2f.2R Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-Fecond and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., m
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _J\_
ING, .June 20th, at 7:30 o'clock, Stated TK3T
meeting and R. A. degree. By ordei/^r '
of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. & m
A M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _JV-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. I) 1. TLJT
G-EO. J. KOBE, Secretary, /^r*
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— ■
Special meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- H. JK
sonic Temple. 2668 Mission Street, PW 1
M. and M. E. M. Degrees. By order of the
H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. & A. M., •
121 Eddy street, meets THIS EVK.N-J^
ING at 7:30 o'clock. 2 D. f%J\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, sec.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. & A. •
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESI)AY.I
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 7?L3\
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V >
TWENTY-EIGHTH annual picnic of the Por-
tuguese Protective and Benevolent Associa-
tion SUNDAY. June 25, 1899, at Shell
Mound Park, near Berkeley. Lambert Beck-
er's Marine Band has been engaged for this
occasion, also a string band for dancing In
the upper hall In the Aznrean style. Tickets
25e, children under 12 years free. Boats leave
every half hour. Association leaves on 9;30
boat.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MRS. ELLERT'S Penny Club members address
immediately box 4760, Call office.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41. . Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. E520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The German Savings
and Loan Society, 526 California St.— For the
half year ending June 30. 1899, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per
cent per annum on term deposits and three
and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable en
and after Saturday. July 1, 1899.
GEO. TOURNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco Savings
Union. 632 California st., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June.
1899, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday. July 1, 1899.
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 6S (twenty-
. five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after TUESDAY, June 20, 1899. Transfer
books will close on WEDNESDAY, June 14,
1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON'. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help: established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. C4O Clay.
SITUATIONS "WANTED FEMALE.
A MOTHER and daughter desire situation;
city or country; best of references. Apply
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish girls desire situations
as cook and second girl; best ref.; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 YOUNG Swedish girls wish places to
assist, $10 to $12; strong and willing. Apply
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ■
NEAT middle-aged woman; good cook and
houseworker: city or country. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Butter st.
SWEDISH house girl; good cook; $15 to $20;
best references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS hotel cook, meat and pastry,
wants place in city or country. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG Danish girl wishes place to do gen-
eral housework In small American family.
Address 314 Precita aye.
YOUNG girl lately from the East wishes a
situation; care of children and light house-
work: willing and obliging. Apply 1924 Ellis
St.; please call for 2 days.
BY neat woman, any kind of mending by the
day, 60c; no meals. Call 291 Page st.
GOOD washer wishes towels flannels or plain
washing. 105 Prospect pi., oft Sacramento,
near Powell, top floor.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework or cook-
ing and downstairs work; wages $25; good
references. Box 4732, Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a situation for
general housework; wages $20. Address 1331i£ :
California st. ;
WANTED By a colored woman, -work in a :
small family or help do housework. Call at
160S Leavenworth st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper or com-
panion or sew. Box 4731, Call office, Oakland.
POSITION at housework; $10 to $15 per month;
good reference. 1623 Clay st. :
YOUNG lady desires situation as housekeeper;
city or country . Call 106 Taylor St., room 1. ,
'". I"" "• " ' X ~
SITUATIONS ANTED— Con tinned.^
YOUNG widow desires a position as house-
keeper; city or country.' Apply at 313 Mxtn
st., Oakland.- '• '
GOOD capable woman would like position as
housekeeper; city or country; best references.
Box 4733, Call office. __^_
GERMAN woman, good cook, wants situation
to cook for men on ranch. Call between 10
and 2 o'clock, or address MRS. GUT, 503.
Sixth st. ■ ]
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework. Apply 152 Clinton Park; wages
$20 to $25.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a position in
private family: left unexpectedly without a
home; assist in housework, attend an |nvalia.
make herself useful. MRS. W.. 103* Mission
St., downstairs.
RESPECTABLE trustworthy Protestant wo-
man would like home In American family
where she can make herself useful; small
wages; city preferred. Box 4615, Call.
WANTED, by a young German girl, upstairs
work and children or general housework; no
cooking. Please call at 217 Second st.
HOUSEKEEPER would like position with el-
derly family; no washing. 215 Shotwell st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing,
housecleaning or Ironing. 1028 Valencia st.
GERMAN girl wants situation to do general
housework. 2501 Mission st.
WANTED— A home with couple of old folks
for small wages; I am homeless among
strangers. Address box 4755. Call office.
WOMAN would like to take care two chil-
dren; not too small; French family. Address
907^ Pacific st. -
FIRST-CLASS French and American cook, ex-
cellent reference, would like a position 'as
working housekeeper; fully understands mar-
ketfng and willing to bear all responsibility.
COOK. 929 Pine st.
YOUNG colored lady would like a situation to
do light housework and assist with children:
city or country, country preferred. Address
box 4605, Call.
WANTED— Respectable American woman with
six-year-old child desires situation as work-
ing housekeeper, or to do cooking and house-
work in small family; good plain cook; coun-
try preferred; wages $12 to $15 a month. Ad-
dress box 452. Haywards, Cal.
GOOD laundress wishes work to take home;
prices reasonable. 1517 Ellis st.
PERFECTLY reliable woman desires position
as housekeeper: country preferred. Address
box 4748. Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework, chamber work or work by the
day. Box 4727, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket ; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H OFarrell St.; tel. East 414.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
SOBER man desires situation to take charge
of pickle works; is a flrst-claas cooper. 319
Harriet St.
BOY would like to work as cash boy In mar-
ket or dry goods store. Box 4759, Call.
GROCERY clerk, thoroughly experienced; ref-
erences; sign marker. BAYNE, 119 Third St.
COACHMAN and all round man wants work:
careful driver; city or country; can milk and
take care of garden If required; flrst-class
references. Box 4617, Call office.
SITUATION by millwright and carpenter in
mill or factory; can do repairing and other
work. Box 4616, Call office.
POSITION as cook in boarding house or camp.
Address G. R., the Epworth, 1037^ Market.
WAITER, reliable man, wants night work;
German and English. Box 4744, Call.
YOUNG man with best references wants situa-
tion; would invest $1000. Box 4629, Call.
GOOD, steady shop butcher wishes position;
city or country. Box 4603, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly man. handy
with tools, as night watchman or Janitor;
has city references. Address L. SCHAEFER,
742 Howard st.
YOUNG man of 24, German, would like posi-
tion at a private place as choreman; good
gardener. Box 4606. Call office.
YOUNG man of good address, with experience
In grocery, drug store and printing office
wants steady employment; references. Box
4C2G. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class barkeeper;
good mixer; city or country or extra work
done. HERMAN. 1205 Powell St.
HELP WANTED—
MOTHER and daughter as cook and second
girl. $3" to $3."> per month; boarding house.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, San Jose, $25; a French second
girl, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
COOK for hotel, country, $40 per month; 2
waitresses, same house, $20 each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A GERMAN cook. $25 per month, no washing;
cook small restaurant, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
A WAITRESS, Mar.in Co., $25 per month; a
waitress. Lake Co., $20. fare paid; waitress.
St. Helena, $20, fare paid; waitress, Ross
Valley, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A LUNCH and dinner waitress, $15 per month;
waitress San Mateo, $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 GERMAN girls for an institution, one must
understand chamherwork and waiting, and
the other chamberwork and sewing, $20 each;
chamberwork and sleep home, $12 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A LAUNDRESS, private family, $30 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
2 WAITRESSES, same house, city, $15 per
month each: chambermaid and waitress, San
Rafael, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
G waitresses for first-class resort, Santa Cruz;
see proprietor here to-day; $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
10 WAITRESSES for springs and resorts, $20;
waitress, nurse's hall, for first-class resort,
$25, free fare both ways; 12 waitresses for first-
class commercial hotels, $20, many free fare;
3 chambermaids, to wait, for first-class re-
sorts, $20; 3 waitresses, city, $20; chamber-
maids, to wait. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
~~ FAMILY ORDERS.
10 COOKS and house girls. $25; 21 young com-
petent girls for general housework, $20; and
many young girls to assist. $12 and $15; neat
young nurse girl, accustomed to care of
baby, $10 month. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary St.
WANTED— Waitress, restaurant. $6: 14 wait-
resses, summer resorts, commercial hotels,
etc., $20: cook, Alameda, $25. see lady this
forenoon; Protestant cook. Berkeley, no wash,
$25; also for Marin Co., $25; and many others |
for different kinds of work, city and country,
too numerous to advertise. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN to do chamberwork and plain cooking,
etc., near city. $20; woman for general work,
summer resort. $20. fare paid. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FRENCH second girl. $25; cook and second
girl, same house, $25 and $15; house girl, $20;
cook, $25; 2 boarding house cooks, $20 each;
young girl to assist, 2 in family. $10; nurse
girl. $8 to $10. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
custom shirts: highest pay; steady employ-
ment. ROGERBON, 535 Valencia st.
WELL-EXPERIENCED young lady for candy
counter; call at once. SCHAEFER'S, 22 6th.
WANTED— Pants finisher; first-class only.
724H Market St., room 27.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework;
wages $15. 2327 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED fur sewing machine hands;
also finishers. ARCTIC FUR CO., 925 Market.
YOUNG girl for light second work. Apply af-
ter » a. m., southeast corner Scott and Green.
NEAT respectable girl for light housework.
6104 Polk st.
GIRL for light housework and cooking, family
of two. Apply 885 Capp st.
GOOD dishwasher. 105 Second st.
1 ■ -__ :
GIRL waitress. 106 Second st.
WANTED — Cook, German preferred; wages $25.
2120 Jackson st.
YOUNG girl to fell on .tailoring; must live
near. 12 1 .) San Pablo aye.. room 41.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure. Up
to date Parlors. 1026 Market St., over Wonder.
GIRLS to work on vests. 339 Kearny St., room
11.
GOOD, finishers on pants. Apply at 227 Fifth
street. . . . ,-,-_•;
GIRL to assist In housework. Apply at 827
Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Good finisher on first-class coats;
steady work. 532 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED coat makers; good pay;
steady employment. M. J. KELLER CO.
Oakland.
SEAMSTRESS apprentice, about 20 to 25 years
Call room 7. 15 Powell st. .
GERMAN girl for light housework, must speak
German, $s to $10. 238 4th aye.; Geary can.
wa:
HELP WANTED— Continued.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup.
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrvp Co.. San Francisco. Ca!.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d st 6 .; open sa. m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting. 35c to
80c. 562 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 635 Market.
WANTED— Women and girl 3 to work on fruit.
376 San Jo?» aye.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice; steady work. 354 Geary st.
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
A MAN and wife for country, $40 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter' st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
26 milkers, different good Jobs, $30, $25 and
found: 55 farm, orchard and vineyard hands,
etc.', $26, $25 and $20 and found, for all parts
of California
HAY AND HARVEST HANDS
$1 25,51 50 and $2 day and found. Cor different
counties; farmer and wife, see boss here, $35
and found; 20 choremen and lx>ys for ranches,
$20, $15 and $10 and found ."
Men for gold, stiver and other mines
$2 50, $2 day, board 50c day, $60, jno and $40
and found
12 laborers for a mine, free fare
$33 50 and found
no experience required in any of the mlm s.
TO WOODS.. FREE FARE. .TO SAWMILLS
20 laborers, no experience $20 and found
laborers for yards to pile lumber, etc
tree fellers crosscut sawyer log fixers
spool tenders.. head donkeyman..jaek serewers
wages $70. $60. $50, $40, $30 and found
CARPENTERS — ENGINEER
3 carpenters, large ranch $3 day
2 for sawmill company $2 day
1 carpenter for institution $2 day ani found
engineer, handy man, Catholic Institution...
$30 and found
bridge work, fare 40c $3 day
BUTCHERS
hog butcher, $58; assistant butcher for mines,
$.35 and found
BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS.. ..
9 blacksmiths for shops, camps, ranches. ■■• .
$2 50 day, $2 day, $5". HO and $30 and found..
Blacksmith's helper, $45 Machinist, J2 dny
Blacksmith's helper, $2 day. city Job
Bid WAGES
24 men, laborers, for an electric railroad com-
pany
10 four-horse teamsters $42 and found
10 laborers, no experience required
$42 and found
20 laborers 8 and 10 hours, fare $1
$2 and $2 50 day
6 laborers, board yourselves home...sl 75 day
6 laborers Government work
IN SAN FRANCISCO
26 laborers.. s3o and found and $2 and $1 75 day
12 two-horse teamsters $175 day
Stablemen, city and country
.' $30, $25, $20 and found
FREE FARE To ALL THE
Great railroads in California for drillers,
teamsters, laborers, masons, muckers, etc.;
wages $3. $2 ."'>. $2 and $1 75 day
MISCELLANEOUS POSITIONS.^
Stonemason and cement worker, fare $2....
$5 day
Boy for a city store $4 week
Pattern-maker, north 2 stonemasons
$2 50 day
365 woodchoppers, tools found $2 to $1 cord
294 tlemakers, tools found.. Sc, 9c and 12c each
3 stove grate molders Camp waiters
Milk wagon driver, city Job $12 week
Sheetlron workers Boy for machine shop
Young man to work in a garden.. s2o and found
Mill bench hand $2 70
Hardwood finisher $2 50
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKER 3
12 cooks for hotels, camps, mines, restaurants,
boarding-house, springs, ranches, etc., $60, $50,
$4'i $35 and $30 and found
Head waiter, ?30; 2 waiters, same hotel. $25;
6 waiters, different Jobs, $2", $20 and found
25 dishwashers, kitchen hands, etc.. for all
parts of California, $25, $20 and $15 and found
Baker for a large mine $45 and found
2 assistant bakers, city, $25 and $30 and
found. ..Pantryman, cook and wives... Porters
for hotels and institutions
Second and third cooks Broilers, etc
Laundry help for hotels, springs, etc.; bell-
boy; bootblack; young man for butcher chop;
voiing man for bakery shop
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
BOY for our office. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN <fc CO Phone Grant 185
K M J IA )V M KNT AGENCY
railroad camp blacksmith, $3 a day; l<w team-
sters, laborers and tunnel men for the coast
road, $1 75 to $2 a day. all free fare.
MISCELLANEOUS
man about place and wife cook, near city,
$4'i and found: milker and wife, $35; farmer
and wife, $25; blacksmith. $2 50 a day; 5
power drill miners, see party here, J3 50 to
$4 a day; 10 farmers, $30 and found; 6 farm-
ers, $1 25 a day and found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
first-class butcher, country, $75 and found;
butcher, country shop, $40 and found, see
boss here; barkeeper, first-class, country, J'iO
and found: barkeeper, country hotel. ??.:. and
found; second cook, springs, $50 and found:
baker, country shop, $50 to $60 and found
and fare advanced; cook, institution, $30 and
found; pantryman, $7 a week; pantryman,
springs, $22 50 and found; vegetable man,
springs, $20.
Head waiter and two waiters, country hotel.
$40 and $25, fare advanced.
Washer and starcher. summer resort, $10
and found and free fare both ways. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter. $40, and 2 waiters, $25, same
country hotel. C. 11. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
SECOND cook, $50; third cook, $30; potwasher,
$20; same country hotel. C. R. HANSEN St
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — 5 power drill miners, $3 50 day, part
fare advanced: 5 quartz miners for California,
$2 50 day; 4 drift gravel miners, J4O and found:
10 2-horse scraper team drivers, $2 day. fare re-
funded; carpenter for ranch. $2 day; rough car-
penters, $1 50 day and board, for mine; labor-
ers for brickyard, mines and quarries, $1 75
to $2 40 day; carriage painter, $2 50 day; far-
mers and milkers, $25 and $30 and $1 50 day,
and many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Fruit farmer and wife. $40 to $50;
butter-maker and milker, $30; men for wood?,
$40 and fare advanced; swampers, $40 and
board; stableman. $30; man about place, $25;
wagon-maker and others. J. F. CROSETT *
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Second cook, $40, pee boss her*;
restaurant waiters, hotel waiters, dishwash-
ers and others. J. P. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento ft.
WANTED
5 men handy with carpenter tools for mine,
steady Job at $2 per day; 3 more miners for
same place, $2 per day
Haying hands, near city...sl 25 and $! 50 day-
Milkers $25 and $30
10 laborers for brick yard, near city, $.W and
board; chore boy about report near city, $15
per month and found; 5 laborers about mine,
$1 75 per day to $70 per month; farmer and
wife on ranch. $35 and board; and 100 others.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
SECOND cook $45. lunch counter man $30,
country hotels: dishwasher for springs, $20.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearnyjit.
SECOND butler, $40. for July; must come well
recommended. MRS. LAMP EKT, 418 Powell.
COMPETENT man to take charge of railroad
grading outfit. Including dump and powder
work- one who has had experience with
steam shovel preferred. Apply on Wednesday
between 10 and 12 o'clock at room 23S Crock-
er building. ___
WANTED — Intelligert, reliable man for re-
sponsible position. $20 a week: must have $150
cash security. Western Invest. Co.. 9 Geary.
3 LUNCH waiters. 4324 Fifth St.
BOY to help In bakery. 2439 California st.
WANTED— A good butcher: one who under-
stands the business. Box 4734, Call office.
WANTED— Two good house painters at 611
Fillmore st., near Hayes.
BOYS wanted between ages of 14 and W. New
York Dentists. 969 Mission st. cor. S'xth.
GOOD barber wanted to buy the oldest and
best located barber shop in San Jose. See
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
GOOD barber wanted at 35S Third st
TOUNG man wanted for grocery fade; state
age. experience and salary expeited; refer-
ences. Box 4618, Call office.
BARBER wanted; steady. 416 Turk gt.
FIRST-CLASS custom coat makfrs. BELAS-
CO & HARRIS CO., 541 Markft St.
$250— 15 c BARBER shop and b^ths; close to
new racetrack: this Is a sreat chance.
STOLTZ. 630 Market St.
YOUNG man to work In candy store. Inquire
between 1 and 2 p. m., 810 Market st.
BOY wanted. PACIFICHAT WORKS, Dl
™fth st.
WANTED— Dishwasher in restaurant. 113 Turk
street.
MAN to take orders for pr nting. Apply 519
Filbert st.
WANTED— A cook from 9a.m.to 2 p m Call
at 1326 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS presser on ciatom coats- stead y
work. 239 Fifth st. y
WANTED— A good cook. Call early ready for
work at 145 Larkln st.
YOUNG man to learn trade; must have money
%O buy small business, BRO.WN, 832 Bush. ■(,HELP ANTED— Continued.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Testa
c. al mines, Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
last ninoty days to make room tor forty coal
miners: no other class of labor la required,
nn>l miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H.
NORTON, Fuperintendent.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— Expert dun men and powder men
for steam shovel work. Apply to JAS. A
McMAHON. 210 Spear st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't 11. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
IIAF.HnRS— 2.'c shop In prosperous mining
t \\n for sale; $50. H. W. ATKINS, Ophlr.
Cal.
WILSON House, 775 Mission St.. near Fourth—
100 modem rooms with hot. cold water; free
baths; electric lights; elevator;2sc to $1 night.
WANTEIS-IM pick and shovel men at $1 75 per
day. Devisadero and Broadway, city.
BUSH; 421. above Kearny— Choice rooms; gas
and stationary washstand; 16c, 25c up.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms: 10c per
nUtit. 60c to $1 per wk. 106 New Montgomery.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per nitht. Limit .:. 6th and Howard: read. rm. j
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
P.ARHER COLLF.GE, 188% Eighth St.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week t,r mo.; rates. 2Tic to $1 per night; re-
ductlon to permanent roomers: reading room.
PENSIONS— J.H. SHBPARD & CO., attorneys,
— Hearst hldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. U.c. 20c, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 :■(> week. Elcho House. S63^ ; Market st.
TRY Acme House. &.7T Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; -:^c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus ami baimafre to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborer? and
clerks. Xi - Ci.liectlnn Agency. 112 Putter st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi nm-o-v In vrapper. for mailing. $1 per year
AGENTS WANTED.
SELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c: also
Leather Lustre: Bam 2.V. BROWN. 532 Bush.
PROPERTY WASTED.
CHEAP lots near car lines anywhere in San '
Francisco. .T J. EVANS. Real Estate and
Id ans Mills ilMing
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— House. 6 or 7 rooms; bath: yard;
Mat- rent, locution. Address J., 2306 Mission.
FIIIMTIH. WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 79 9th. -. sells. I
■x.h new & 21-hand " fur., carpets, stoves.
WAN TE D— M ISC E ii. AN EO US.
nGEONP-Few hurK'.retl pair. J. DAVIDSON,
3S Theresa St.. near Mission road.
WANTED— To hire ICO flrst-elass scraper team*
with harness and p<?ad bars: long Job. E. 8.
FTONE. Elmhurst. .
ROLLER top d-rsk. second-hand; must be fine.
Box 16S«, Call office.
DENTISTS.
A-^DR. T. S GGINS 1 Dental Parlors
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand: teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain, electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold
filline. from ?1: other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50: rlesh lore '. plates, from
tl: porcelain or koUI crown and bridgework
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridaework until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and brtdgework teeth without a plate: fill-
ings, S^e; crowns, $3 50: plates, full set, j.i;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bid?., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crown?,
t" £0 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of- 1
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; SUB !av. 9 to 2
p. m. <J. W. vVILLIAMSOX. M.D.. Manager.
_R. GEORGE W. LF.EK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubU-r or flexible plates. 13; received 8 first
prizes; no ' lents; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges, $5 up: painless ex- I
traction sruiranteed: plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission st, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLI7M HILL. 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh; crown's, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROO.M— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up; crowns,
$.■? up; open ev'gs. 850 MarKet st.
£XT of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
A WEEK'S news for r, cents— Th* Weekly Call.
16 p.-;ges. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
lost:^-^^ ik
LOST— Gent's locket, engraved G. R. R, Re-
turn to or notify -SCHMIDT LABEL CO.,
31 Main Ft.; liberal reward.
LOST— Nf-ar Union Coursing Park, black and
white greyhound bitch puppy: Finder receive
reward from C. C. GRIriWOLD at Union
Park.
I.i 'Hi Sealskin <-ar* nt Mission Parlor Hall,
June 15. Please return to 130b Florida st and
receive reward.'
$100 REWARD I will pay for the return of one
pnir diamond earrings and one diamond
brooch lost on the corner e-f Hyde st. and
Golden Gate aye.. as they are the wedding
presents to my wife. Address T. LUBBL-
SKI, 307 Golden Oatft aye.
""" FOUND.
JPTt.X' Horse, back of Inglepide racetrack;
owner can have same by paying expenses. 551
Ram«ell Ft.
FOUND— On Bay, near Stege, June 16, 1 sail-
boat and 1 rowboat: owner can have same
by paying salvage. T. M. DARLING. Steg<».
CARPJBT_CLE AXING.
ClTY^Steanr^Carpet Cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st; telephone South 2aO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work :
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 353-357 Tehama st : tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. Jc per yard. H. L JONES.
300 McAllister St. cor. Larkln: tel Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
t»l. ' Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
48$ Stevenson st.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th ,
et. : clr-aulng 3c per yard: tel Mission i*. }
U. S. Stfam Carpet Cleaning Assn. SOS Golden
Gate; carpets leaned, 3c yd. : tel. Mint 345. j
CON K LI ' Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ii-- ; til East 12«. _____^_^___
HORSES.
40~HORSEK ror sale wagons, buggies,
carts, harness.; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st ; auction sales very Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ALWAYS onjhand; well broken road, business ■
and work hfcrses. Chase & Mendenhall. biic-
cessors Kllllp A- Co.: walesyard. 1732 Market
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
10ft SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom ft.
"sewing machines.
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented: re-
pairing at I' w.-st rates. 205 Fourth «t.
NOTICE TO t7i<l-.DnOKS.
NOTICE to Creditors— Superior Court. City and
Cnuntv of San Francisco, State of California—
Estate of CHARLES ADOLPH MILLER, de-
ceased Notice Is hereby given by the under-
signed administrator of the estate of
CHARLES ADOLPH MULLER. deceased, to
the creditors of and all persons having claims
against saM deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers within four months
after the first publication of this notice to the
said administrator at the office of George T.
Wright Esq.. room 8, tenth floor. Mills build-
Ing in said city and county, which said office
the undersigned selects as his place of busi-
ness in all matters connected with said estate.
HF-NKx MI'LjLKIC,
Administrator of the Estate of CHARLES
ADOLPH MULLER. Deceased.
Dated May 23. 1599.
E. K. TAYLOR. Attorney for Estate.
" BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s3oo- CIGAR store with club rooms and
laundry flee; choicest location; close to
S?tTU' an(l Ellis sts.; rare chance. R. G.
ILKE. 906 Market st.
A— sSso; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living . rooms; rent low; lease; a
nrst-class paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE. 906
Market st.
A— S4SO— BRANCH bakery and notion store in
lively country town, 18 miles from the city;
\t%\ t X lnclud| ns flat; a rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A s . l 2: BAKERY in lively country town;
established years: monthly sales $1000; rent
*-';>; horse, wagon, living rooms; a good pay-
Ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— s4so: BRANCH bakery in the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good paying place
clears about $100 per month. R. G. WILKE
IK6 Market St.
A— sl6oo; CORNER grocery and bar: living
rms.; one-half block from Wleland» Brewery
dally receipts about $26: cash trade only; a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$400— GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; south
of Market; rent $25; owner selling on account
of other business. M LESS. 765 Market St.
$700— BUTCHER shop; 35 miles from city;
route of 135 regular customers; receipts from
$1600 to $1700 monthly; living rooms; bargain
LESS, 765 Market st.
$400— OYSTER house and tamale factory, near
Market; must be sold at once on account of ;
otfier business in country. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$200— CIGAR, stationery, notion and candy
store: 5 sunny rooms. COWING _ CO., MS
Market st. •>:.:;
A— DELICATESSEN store; must sell; sickness
cause of sale. COWING _ CO., 995 Market st.
DELICACY store; must be sold; great sacrifice;
leaving city. COWING & CO., 995 Market si.
A ROOMY house, 10 light rooms; bargain this
day. COWING & CO., 985 Market st.
CATHOLIC book store bargain this day.
81 COWING & CO., 995 Market St.
$200— CARPENTER and jobbing business; bar-
gain this day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 7;T : -
Market Ft.
$150 PAINT and paper hanging business; pay-
ing. Mclaughlin _ co., 777 Market st.
$1200— MANUFACTURING business; established j
10 years: accident cause of sale; paying busi- 1
ness. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st
$150— PARTNER wanted in light business; $15
to $25 a week; trial given: no experience re-
□.uir^dj Western Investment *'0., 9 Geary st.
COAL yard for sale: cheap. Western Invest-
ment Co., 9 Geary st.
A FINE list of business propositions In saloons,
grocery stores, branch bakeries, restaurants,
coffee houses, merchandise, etc.; all kinds of I
business bought, sold and exchanged. EITEL,
10OSH Market St.
$1000 — BAKERY; prosperous country town of
4000; store and wagon trade $20 day; supplies ■
4 towns with bread; fine opening for hustler;
trade can be doubled. JONES, 860 Market st.
OIL* lands. 50c i>er acre; in the oil belt: get in
on the ground floor this week; don't buy ,
shares of Imaginary value: get land at first -
cost and Incorporate company yourself. J. 1
J. EVANS. Real Estate; money loaned to and
for you; Mills building; 20 acres for $10.
PARTNER wanted; $250 required; party must
have best of references; sober and indus-
trious; no other need apply; saloon business.
Address 26S Minna st.
FOR SALE— A first-class bakery, baking 2%
bl>ls.. with a good route. 2 wagons and 4
horses and a fine store trade. Address box
4T.-.7. Call office.
GOOD ice route for sale. Box 4763 Call office. I
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply at 234 O'Far-
rell st.
SALOON— to-day; part cash, balance I
monthly payments; going East cause of sale. '
124 Fourth st.
WANTED— Stock of millinery goods; must be j
reasonable for cash. Box 4755, Call office.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire of
636 Third st.
$1500 TO $2300 will purchase interest In ex-
traordinary profitable business seldom offered;
no saloon, night or Sunday work: particulars
at personal interview to principal; fnvcHtisa-
tlon solicited: references exchanged. Adl'ess
box 4745. Call Office.
FORTUNES in rubber and coffee; plant* i ions
for sale; dividend paying; participation $10
up; write for prospectus. MEXICAN IM- i
PROVEMENT CO.. 220 California st. 1
OLD established saloon and darning hall for
rent, and stock and fixtures for sale on ac- i
count of retirement from business of owner.
Apply to McE WEN BROS., US Montgomery.
LADY with some means desires bright lady
with equal amount to Join her in profitable j
- enterprise. Hex 47.'0, Call office. -.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In; rent I
reasonable. WO Third aye., cor. Clement st.
Take Sutro oar.
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; yard; will sell
cheap; good living; Investigate. 130 Eighth.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap: good place for
French restaurant. Apply USA Ellis. j
GROCERY and bar for sale; terminus of road.
Address J. P.. 2-526 Mission st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and bar for sale;
living rooms. 1795 Ellis st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
business; investigate bet. 2 and 4 p. m. USA
Ellis st.
BARGAIN— House furnishing and repair shop:
complete set of tinner's tools and machines;
stock of tin, agateware and house furnishing
u tensile; for sale cheap on account of sick*
nesn; store located at 20078 Flllmore St., city.
Address E. VAN EVERY, Eden Vale. Cal
FOR sale— Old established carpenter shop;
owner . retiring from business; rent cheap.
1813 Unoin st. ;
SALOON and S-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
GOOD hotel In Sacramento; doing first-class
business; good location; 65 regular boarders;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call of flee.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$400— 10-ROOM cor. flat; worth $1000; 0n1y... $400
30 rooms; new fur. $260 cash, balance $10. 1000
22 rooms; on Howard st 500
« . .. MY BEST BARGAIN TO-DAY IS
..A 10-ROOM HOUSE; NEW FURNITURE..
$100 CASH
..BALANCE $10 PER MONTH; PRICE $450..
IS-room house on Third st $375
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800
6 -room flat, near Emporium 250
IA-room house: worth $600 250
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market St.. 1020 Market st.
R. H. WINSTON A CO.. 1026 Market st.
IS rooms; Geary st. : $300 cash, balance
payments of $10 monthly $660 1
29 rooms: rent $S3 50: north of Market: $450
cash, balance payments $10 monthly $700
MONEY TO LOAN at 2 per cent.
A— s'so—l6- room lodging house, rent $40. clear-
Ing $-50 per month; Kearny st. R. G. WILKE,
MM Market Ft. _^
ELF/GiANT house 10 rooms; first floor doc-
tor's office; selling for best reasons; 50 other
houses for sale. HEALY, 917 Market st.
1350— 22-ROOM house, near Market «t. ; rent $40. '
$300—18 rooms; central: all rented; $150 cash, ■
balance on time. BASILE. 873^ Market st.
A— G5-ROOM lodging house; centrally located: j
best In city; bargain. COWING & CO., 995 ;
Market st.
FOR SALE— WeII-paying lodging house of 12
nicely furnished, rooms; rent only $25; price
$225: no agents. Apply 130 Second st. -
LODGING house 3-% rooms, all furnished;
rent $45. 1324 Stockton st. :,.:.;■*
$300 LODGING house of 20 rooms for sale;
rent $25. 72 Jackson st.
THIRD, 233— Lodging house of 11 rooms for
pal» cheap.
LODGING house for sale; a bargain, as owner
leaves town by July 1. 109 Suitor st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms and bath for sale. 75S :
Howard st.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined, I
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4? 50, with No. I
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market. !
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma- !
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla- 1
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-856 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law, J
sixth floor, Chronicle building; no advance :
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach- :
ments, bankruptcy, all casts; wills, contracts, 1
etc.. drawn: moderate feesk call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free: of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; i
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, stty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 627 Market St., opp. Mason.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ, attorney at law; pro- j
bate and iriardlanshlp; Bth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance, j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 1809.
PERSONALS.
WILL WILLIAM LANG pleaße "call at 161
Clara st.
$1 50— II BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 522 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1536.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA is a delightful
tonic; stops your hair from ialling out and
effects a healthy growth; 35c bottle.
GO to LEDERER, the hairdresser; latest
vogue in halrdressing, 25c; see Foamo
Shampoo exhibit in window, Cc pkg; switches,
$1 up; hair rolls, 10c. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms; ■
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $5 per week; I
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
. cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
DR. CREELT'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine. ab. Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
LADIES* tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. ; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladies, or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
Bold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easyv Installments. L.
LEMOB. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. \
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to SS7 Geary St.: dresses made, $5
up: pprf<-ct fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader: also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases: send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary: sittings $1; diagnosis free.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; test circles
Wednesday and Friday eves. ; 10c. 234U Sixth.
JOHN SLATER, spiritual test medium; sit-
tings daily 10 to 4. Residence ISO 9 Stockton
st., near Greenwich.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister. Come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trmmpet se-
ance, S p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; arti-
cles, sealed letters read; 10c. 120 Sixth st.
MRS A. ALLEN, No. 1122 Market Clair-
voyant business medium; sittings dally.
MRS. MESA FRANCES. independent slate-
writing medium. 118 Halght St.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 3 p. Nx;
Mon.. 8: 26c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y»ar.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately, either in person
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and is master
of the power by which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those In whom
you are interested; satisfaction guaranteed by
mail, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket st. ■ '
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing: ladles, r.oc; gents. $1: sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman, from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrolo^ist ;
readings BOc and $1. 513 Tenth St.. Oakland.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from New York, palm-
ist and card reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms
1 and 2.
CLAIRVOYANT, card render, 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St., between 6 and 7.
MISS SHELDON is located at 17 Grant aye.,
room 6; card reading and chiropodist.
MISS KING, card reader; 25c and up. 1032
Market st., room 3.
RAY FAIR, returned: wonderful gift of second
sight and card reading; parlor 3. 15 Powell.
MISS GEORGIE TAYLOR— Returned; card
reader and palmist. HO,-4 Turk st., rooms 1-2.
2 LADIES lately from the East; palmistry
and card reading. Room 2, 17 Grant aye.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present and future. 25c. 14S 6th. r. 12.
MISS L. DEAN, fortune teller an.i j.almist.
1065 Market st., room 2.
MRS. EDWARDS. clairvoyant and card
card reader. Room 7, 620 Bush st. first floor.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmstry. 203
Post St., room 1.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 36V£ Geary St., rooms 1 and 3.
GYPSY QUEEN has returned: clairvoyant and
palmist. 204 Ellis St., rooms 35 to 3fi.
MISS IRENE WILSON, card reader and palm-
ist. 120 Kills St.. room 6.
MISS M. FOX, celebrated card reader, room 12,
311 Grant aye.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; busln»»3
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS ALEECE FAURE. card reader. 405 Kear-
ny st., room 34: French and English spoken.
MRS. KOPP, natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader; 50c. 18 Lewis st., oft Taylor, nr. Post.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and 18, second floor, 86514 Market.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom-
etrlst: parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours, •
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln St.. room *.
MME. AUGUST. 1150, Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no ray; toe.
MME. STRILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. It> pages, s*"nt to any address In the
United Stated, postpaid for $1 per year.
_______
FALMIVTHY.
MME. NEEROAARD. pupil of Count St. Oer-
maine. 616 Geary St.. above Jor.es: tel. Hyde
2621: reading by mall. $1. -
YOUR fate Is In your hand; scientific, palmis-
try. MME. GERMAIN _, 906 Market St.. r. 30.
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist. 916
Bush St.. bet. Taylor and Jones. ■
j 4TROLOUY
ASTROI/OGER and trance medium: minerals
located; lucky days; palmistry. 319 McAllister.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st..
above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
BURKE. 139 Beale st. .
BAND saw for sale; price $45; can be seen
running. E. H.. 547 Brannan st.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. 613 Hearst building.
MEN'S furnishing goods fixtures for sale. Ap- I
ply at 331 Montgomery st.
ICE plant: 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. White. 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150. 4 h p. $175. Smith Co.. £27 Mission.
DRESS pants, X 95: fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-'
Ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 BO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, S3O Kearny st., near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
: sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 "paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
; postage paid. v. -u ;.;..:,.- J
HOUSES TO LET.
! A— BEST tenants wanted for good landlords;
houses ....... h0u5e5. . ...... houses houses
flats flats flats flats
i cottages cottages cottages cottages
; downtown Mission Western Addition
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
; AT NW. corner Sutter and Scott; rarely beau-
j tiful; appreciated if seen; 6 rooms; glazed
i porch; $25, water free.
I HOUSE. 11 rooms, $25; for rooming house. 623
: Second st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
liFt you get from BALDWIN &- HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MISSION, 1215' i— House of 14 sunny rooms;
bathtubs, etc.; suitable for roomers.
VERY fine house, in perfect condition; 3356
Twenty-first st, near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
j very reasonable; see it. E. G. DENNISTON,
3454 Twenty-first st. '
FUitNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE 10 rooms: modern improvements; well
furnished; large grounds; low rent for 3
months. 17 New Montgomery St., S. F.
MISSION 2533. near Twenty-second— rooms
partly furnished; modern built; latest im-
provements: water free. Room S. Flood, bid a:.
5 ROOMS; furnished cottage 4 or 5 months
cheap to desirable parties. Box 4607. Call.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 4 and 5 rooms; flat, 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
$12— SUNNY cottage 6 rooms; newly renovated
5 Railway aye., off. Dolores st. key at 8579
Seventeenth st. ____^___—^^«— ■— »™
__________——-
FLATS TO LET.
A NICE flat of 5 rooms; partly furnished; rent
reasonable. Call between 12 and 4 p. m., 35
Turk st.
BEAUTIFUL modern 7-room corner; middle
flat. 118 Webster st, near Halght
ELEGANT new sunny 7-room flat; all modern
Improvements; $30. 1607 Laguna st.
FEW Fteps from City Hall fine sunny top flat;
6 rooms, bath. 10 Grove st
FINE Funny flat of 6 rooms and bath. 911 A
Guerrero st, bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-
second.
FLAT— 6 rooms, $14; cottage, 4 rooms. $10 25.
i 623 Second st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
' HARRISON. 2717, bet. 23d and 24th— Sunny flat
! of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
I HOWARD, 1072— of 6 nice rooms and
bath.
MCALLISTER, Upper flat of 7 rooms and
I bath; reasonable to good tenant. ■-.••..■•*•*
: POLK, 1839, nr. Jackson and Sutter cars— 4
neatly furnished rooms; bath; gas; grate.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. UiIBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
| SUNNY upper flat, 6 large rooms and bath.
i 566 Bryant st., near Fourth.
UPPER sunny flat. 4 rooms: hall: double
parlors. 22 Lexington aye., near Eighteenth.
FLAT, 4 nice rooms; bath; yard. 3231
Twentieth st. Apply 711 Treat aye. £
$15— SUNNY middle flat. 4 rooms, bath. yard.
10 Shotwell St., near Fourteenth.
$16— LOWER flat, 5 rooms and bath: newly
painted. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ADELINE. 954, Oakland— Pleasant sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable;
near local.
BOWIE aye., 5—3 large, newly painted and
papered unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
rent cheap to a small family.
BUSH, 1203, nr. Hyde— Flat of 3 or 4 rms.
furnished for housekeeping; gas; bath; piano.
CLEMENTINA, 707—2 front light connecting
housekeeping rooms; stove; laundry; bath;
rent $10.
ERIE, 47, bet. 13th and 14th— 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; neat; convenient; garden; $13.
; FIFTH, 34S— Two rooms, furnished complete
i for housekeeping.
| FOLSOM. 635, near Third— Housekeeping and
i single rooms; furnished; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping.
: FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
; Ing; also single.
GEARY, 556 — Elegant sunny front and back
parlor suites for hskpg-. ; other rooms; tel.
; GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front parlor, piano;
suites ; other rms.; privilege light hkpg.: tel.
! GEARY, — Furnished and unfurnished flats:
each 4 rooms, 2 baths, 2 toilets, 2 cellars;
gas; every convenience; $IS.
j GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 rooms complete for
housekeeping; references.
' HOWARD, 525, bet. First and Second— Nice
j furnished sunny room and also housekeeping.
HOWARD, iri66V 4 — 2 or 3 furnished rooms com-
plete for. housekeeping; bath.
LARGE sunny furnished room; bath; grate;
[ running water; large closet; pleasant horn-;;
central; rent low. Box 4726, Call office.
| LARK IN. 326 — or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete: gas range: bath.
MINNA, 539. near Sixth— Large front sunn>
room furnished for housekeeping; and other
I rooms.
j MISSION, 1125 H. near Seventh— 2 sunny rooms;
! good stoves; $1 25 and $1 50 per week. \
PEARL, 3, cor. Market — Two connecting rooms
| furnished complete for housekeeping; $10.
PINE, 1304— Sunny bay-window basement, 3
rooms, for light housekeeping.
, SEVENTH. 262— Newly painted large furn. rms;
Ist floor; front garden; back yard; stove.
SIXTH, 216^— Nicely fur. sunny front rooms;
single and hskpg. ; running water; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 90—2 to 4 nicely furnished
I sunny housekeeping rooms, $7 to $12.
STEVENSON, 403. cor. Fifth— Housekeeping
rms.; complete; newly tinted; $8 up; homelike.
j THIRD, 340— Sunny rm. complete for hskpg.,
$1 50 wk.; 1 large front alcove rm.. $2 week.
THIRTEENTH, 741 A, nr. Fillmore— double
or single parlors, kitchen, both furnished, by
I lady alone.
TURK, 543 — Large front room, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $2 50 per week.
TWELFTH, 12. near Market— Furnished bed-
room and kitchen for housekeeping; rent $5.
TWELFTH, 145 — 2 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; also 3 rooms: gas and water.
TWENTIETH . 3622. near Valencia— sunny
furnished connecting rooms; bath, Fink.
VALENCIA, 100*; — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms: bath: no children.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
' bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— SUTTER. 717. 831— Furnished beautifully"
I very choice; reasonable; appreciated if seen.
BALBOA, 1049 A Market— Changed hands: first-
class rooming house: elegant sunny outside
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable: transient
■ solicited. H. H. McCOLLISTER. Prop
BOHEMIAN, 239 Post, cor. Stockton— Sunny
I corner, rooms and suites; quiet, all conveni-
! ences; tourist; elevator, etc.; first-class refs.
I BUSH. 1124. cor. Hyde— Beautiful rooms, $10 and
j $12; sun, bath, running water: home comforts.
CARROLTON; 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GEARY, 14A— Large well-furnished suite, run-
I ning water, $20 mo.; hkpg.; others. $1 50 wk.
j GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
j HANDSOMELY furnished sunny front room;
running water: private family; reasonable. 727
Golden Gate aye.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 39 Sutter. near Stockton— '
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; elevator: free baths.
: JONES. Small room in private family;
\ rent reasonable. < \
■ MARKET, 1035, bet. 6th and 7th— Several choice
j front sunny suites; also single; from $1 50 up.
j MISSION, 925^— Handsomely furnished sunny
i bay-window front room; first flat; reasonable.
I MISSION, Elegant and new furnished
I rooms; also suite suitable for doctor.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
j NATOMA. 538— Sunny furnished room; also 2
i unfurnished, for housekeeping.
NICE sunny room; suitable for gentleman;
I gas; bath; private family.. 425 McAllister st.
I OCTAVIA. 418—1 or 2 sunny furnished rooms,
| with or without use of kitchen. , ■ .
| O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished- rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
I O'FARRELL, 129 A, nr. Powell— Neatly frnshd.
I . rmts.; bath; gas; quiet; ; home comforts. 1 J
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL, 328, near Taylor— front sunny
rms.; hot, cold water; also single rms.; reas.
POWELL. 222— Changed hands; everything
nt-w; sunny rooms; suites and single; run-
ning water.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room 1 and
lad!e«' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $150;
week, $2 to $3; month. $3 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1111— Furnished rooms, single and in
suites: also housekeeping; terms reasonable.
THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth St., near Market-
Select rooming house ? telephone Mint 1792.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming housa
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. 25. near Market— Sunniest rms. in S.
F. : white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK. 39, cor. Taylor— Housekeeping and
sunny single rooms reasonable.
TURK, 10SH. nr. Taylor— Prettily frnshd. rm.
for gentleman; quiet; private; central; $12 mo.
TURK, 542 — Large sunny bay-window front
room; 3 blocks of City Hall; bath.
A WEEK' Sinews for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
BEAUTIFUL .sunny alcove rooms suitable lor
2; grand view; desirable location; strictly
private. 528 Oak st.
HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde, cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional.
LAS PALM AS, 1320 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
. rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
*q. — Furnished suites and single rooms; in
business locality for table boarders.
SOUTH PARK*. 159— Large sunny front suite;
first floor; privilege of hskpg; board optional.
SUTTER, 112S— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
INFANTS boarded; confidential. Box 700. Call
office.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
Bts. MADISON & BURKE. 628 Market st.
$15— STORE, use of fixtures: good for dress-
maker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
$16— MINNA. 140, near Third; fine location;
with 3 rooms. Apply BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL. 10 Montgomery st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op- i
ticians. 1071 Vi Market St., S. F. ; examina- ;
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5; no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
ft., bet. Hyde and Larkln: office hours, 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. Sunday, 19 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor: office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to S p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT — A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phila.
1 A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
femaie specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated sucessfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be ured at home; consultation
free: call or write. 1023'<. Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese h?rb9, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: well-
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home: no Instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment $5. MRS. AL-
LEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
nt. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
| ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
I expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
A-DR. and MRS. SILVA. 215V4 Mason st.-
Private home in confinement: ladies' friend
In trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden. Oakland; home in confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st car.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
PRIVATE home during confinement: best of
attendance. Address box 527. Call office.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $8 up.
PRIVATE home during confinement: best of
attendance. Address box 527, Call office.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free. !
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st. j
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, Journalism, practical acting, stage
technique: 15 instructors; degrees conferred;
day and evening classes. Address secretary
for catalogue, room 4. Odd Fellows' big, S. F.
TYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $.10; low rates per week and mo.
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly in 6 weeks or a
year's course free; rapid cal'ns: other studies;
college graduates perfected. TARR, Expert
Accountant, room J>o, Flood building.
ACCOUNTANTS and v reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mk'..
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience: 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
MATHEMATICS, history. English taught:
coaching specialty;, vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy..
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 Laxkin St., .opp. City Hall.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
. If napes In wrapper, for malllne. (1 per year.
_______
~STORACiE~
I CALX. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH. prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; teL Clay 25.
PIERCE _ TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
I Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; teL Main 3711.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
THE choicest lots in Richmond on the elevated
ground, sitely and having the marine views;
only 3 left; 25x105 each; ready for building;
all street work done; electric cars pass every
few minutes; Tenth aye., east side, close to
Clement St.; signs on the lots; those looking
for a' choice location for a home will buy
these; just the spot to build on; price only j
$690 cash: nothing to equal them. W. J.
GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery.
50xSO— TWO choice building lots cheap this
week; see owner. 1697 Folsom st.
$875— BARGAIN; house and lot on San Bruno
road car line; must be sold this week. J. J.
EVANS, real estate and loans. Mills bldg.
3 LOTS, Gift Map* 2; $15 down. $15 a month.
Apply G. Nylander, 611 Moultrie St., Holly
Park.
Sl3OO-COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot "274x100. 229
Diamond st.. between 19th and 20th.
NEW 4-rotim cottage cheap: Installments. 40
Prospect aye. : Mission cars.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1
postpage paid. . _ ' ,•
Country R_.\L, KSTATE.
LOCATIONS made on good Government land
near railroad town for $75, Including survey;
plenty of wood, water and open land. Ad-
dress Surveyor, box 4752, Call.
NEW rich land near city; small and largo
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres 'eft. For particulars of Immense crcps
raised in dry season of 1597-9S address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St., S. F. '
FRUIT, grain and stock farms. -; '"'■■■
W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
NICE improved residence In Berkeley, with
beautifully laid out grounds, for small im-
proved farm in bay counties; must have good
water facilities. Box 4628. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6Vj per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 8445 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
I LOTS of money to loan on property in or near
Oakland at moderate rates; quickly arranged;
flat loan or Installments. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON, Broker, 105S Broadway. Oakland.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at. j
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third St.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Ex-
change.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS, Real
Estate and Loans. Mills bdg; notify: will call.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLFY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant —Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing. •
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MONEY WANTED.
; (1500, ALSO $30,000— Owner wants to borrow
; separately on valuable city property; large
I interest: splendid security. Box 4609. rail.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$90 UPWARD— S3 cash, $5 monthly: build your
own home or we will build for you; stop pay-
ing rent; Galindo Tract, the cream of Fruit-
vale property; adjoining East Oakland; view,
soil and climate, the streets graded and
macadamized; sewer and city water: near a
fine school and car lines; nice neighborhood;
up-to-date cottages. 5 and 6 rooms; a bar-
gain: call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st., Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES
G. H. i.ki:.
j OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
' AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
THE biggest bargain yet; near the unlversitv;
7-rooni house; large lot; street work all done;
price $1600; easy terms. JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley station.
BEFORE buying in Berkeley see our splendid
building sites In the scenic park; adjoins the
university grounds; you don't have to walk
S or 10 blocks to and fro from college: O'G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMI.DA REAL ESTATM.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEiCEKsTI
These five houses on our list must be Bold at
I a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. $2350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. — $3000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
620 Market St., S. F.. Bay-st. Station, Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOAKU.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted— is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Saneome st.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.',
SATURDAY, June 24. 1899. and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering. quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet- I
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta- j
tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing
July 1, 1599, and ending December 31, 1899.
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
Is in accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least" 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a crood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
! by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia, room 13, 320 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Cal. By older of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUPPLIES—
Notice is hereby given that the Board of Di-
rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of the. State of
California, will receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1, 1599. and
ending September 30, 1599, with the following
articles:
. 1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
visions 3. Butter. 4. Coal. 6. Flour and
mlllstufff". S. Coffee, tea and chicory.
Bids will be opened Friday, June 30, 1899, at
7:30 p. m.. at the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue, Oakland, Cal.
Blank •forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc., can be had upon
application to the superintendent. Jos. Sand-
ers, at the home. }
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured In California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing supplies are in-
vited to be present at the opening of the bids.
By order of the Board of Directors.
GEO. S. MEREDITH. Ser-etary.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the copartnership
existing between ASHMAN & BURKE at 139
Beale st ha* this day been dissolved by mu-
tual consent, and the business will be con-
ducted in the future under the firm name of
the undersigned. J. BURKE.
___________ _ _
physicians'
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, "office and resld«ac«,
Jo2l_ Market tl., bet. «th aad 7U- ■ ,
MUSICAL INSTRU3IENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 an.l
$6 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth anil
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O' Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ELEGANT upright piano will be sold this
morning at a bargain for cash. California
Storage Warehouse. 722 Mission st.. next to
Grand Opera House.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A FINE high grade piano. $100 cash. Room 11.
Flood building.
$2 50 PER mo. rents elegant cabinet grand up-
right; or sell cheap. 342 Kearny st.
A NEW Chickering and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's.
1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 706.
OUR specialty Is renting new pianos. $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
R. A. DANIELS is now. with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
A— sB6; UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett _ Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, It
McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th» Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follow*:
Casper yon Bergen and Katie Patterson. .23-2$
David de Datils and Katie Martorella 28-18
Giambatlgto Cereghlno and Maria Fa5c10.. 37-19
L. G. MacMillan and Susanna Megonigal. 4s-30
Henry S. Boss and Emma M. Clawson 23-21
Arthur McDermott and Ruth Parker 23-21
Charles? H. Curtis and Maggie Qulnn 2:.-24
William O. Plate and Annie F. Twamley. 3o-30
Hans Larsen and Louisa Jones 30-25
Lewis Smith and Bertha Fleckhammer 23-20
Robert T. Ross and Laura Stafford 32-31
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage j and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MACDONALD— In this city, June 2, 1599, to the
wife of Archie C. Macdonald, a daughter.
SANDERSON— In Oakland, June 19. 1599, to th«
wife of Robert Sanderson, a daughter.
MARRIED.
MORGAN— WILSON— In this city, June 17, IS?9.
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Luse, by
the Rev. Frank S. Ford, William M. Morgan,
of Fortuna. Cal., and Mary M. Wilson of
Vaeaville, Cal.
DIED.
Bailey, Thomas D. Johnson. Sloan L.
Callingham, Wm. J. Jones, Ann
Carlin. Bernard Legal, Mary
Duffey, Patrick McGurk. P. H.
Egan," John H. Murdoch. Samuel
Gallagher. John Prendergast. Rosie
Gibson, Margaret J. Pyykko, laafu:
Gross, Joseph Schrlefer. Christine
Howe, Joseph E. . Warnken. Herman
— — .
BAILEY— In this city, June 19. 1899, Thomas
Dewey, beloved infant son of Harry and Mary
Bailey, and brother of Rita, Caroline, Robert
and Harry Bailey, a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 months and 9 days.
CALLINGHAM— In this city, June 19, 18M,
William J. Callingham, a native of England,
aged 51 years 11 months and 3 days.
CARLIN— Veterans' Home, Yountville. Napa
County, Cal., June 17. 1899, Bernard Carlin,
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 70 years.
DUFFEY— this city, June 17, 1899, Patrick
Duffey. a native of Ireland, aged 37 years.
[C"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing Darlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
EGAN— In this city. June IS. 1599, John Henry,
son of John and Mary R. Esian, a native of
San Francisco, aged 29 years,
E?"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 463 Fell street, thence to St. Ignatius
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his BOUt, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— this city, June 19. 1899, John,
beloved husband of Amelia Gallagher, a na-
tive of New York, aged 71 years and 3
months. ..'..*. .V,l
GIBSON— In this city, June IS, 1899. Margaret
Josephine, beloved wife of Joseph Gibson,
daughter of the late Patrick J. and Maria
Collins, and sister of James and Henry Col-
lins, Mrs. Edward Callnon and Mrs. Norman
Morris, . a native of San Francisco, aged 36
years and 8 months.
GROSS— At Alta Mine, near Knights Bridge,
June 10, 1899, Joseph, beloved son of Charles
A. dross, a native of Silver City, Nev.. aged
27 years and 4 months.
HOWE— In this city, June 18, 1599, Joseph Egan.
Howe, beloved brother of Mrs. E. W. Ames-
bry of Portland, Or., a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 13 years., A member of San Fran-
cisco Typographical Union No. 21.
[CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by train from Third and Townsend
streets at 3:30 o'clock. .
JOHNSON— In Vallejo, June 16. 1599. Sloan Lor-
entzen Johnson, infant son of Captain and
Mrs. O. J. Johnson, .and grandson of James
and Annie Sloan, a native of Vallejo, aged
10 months. (Buffalo Express please copy.)
E7"Funeral private.
JONES— In this city, June 19. 1899, Ann Jones,
beloved mother of David J., William M. and
Arthur B. Jones. Mrs. Libbie Conklln, Mrs.
Dora Havens and Miss Theresa Jones, and
grandmother of Miss Blanche Callahan, a na-
tive of Wales, aged 6S years 9 months and 21
days. (Ohlco and Carbondale, Pa., papers
please copy.)
[CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 511 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ,•'.,;
LEGAL— In West Berkeley, June 18, 1599.
Mary, beloved wife of Emll Legal and moth-
er of Julia Legal, Mrs. Amanda Willecke and
1 Charles Albach. 1 a- native of Germany, aged
64 years 1 month and 27 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 728 Delaware street. West Berkeley."
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
McGURK--In San Andreas. Cal., June 17, 1599.
P. H. McGurk, beloved husband of Mary A.
McGurk, and father of John, Charles. James
and Margaret McGurk. Mrs. Barrlnger, Mrs.
Dumontier and the late Mary A., William,
and Henry McGurk. a native of County Ty-
rone, Ireland, aged SO years and 4 months.
(C7A requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul this day (Tuesday),
at St. Paul's Church, corner Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURDOCH— In the City and County Hospital.
June 19, 1599, Samuel Murdoch, a native of
Louisiana, aged 51 years.
PRENDERGAST— In this city, June 19. 1599.
Rogie, beloved daughter of P. H. and Mary
Prendergast, and sister of Maud. Ruth and
Thomas Prendercast, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 13 years 11 months and 13 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her
parents' residence. 1351 Howard street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PYYKKO— In this city, June 19, 1599. Isaac,
beloved husband of Mary Pyykko, and father
of Andrew G.. Mamie S.. Isaac A., Elma J.
and Hllma Josephine- Pyykko. a native of
Finland, aged 45 years and 3 months.
(TJ^Frienris and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall. 421 Post street, under the auspices of
Finn Brotherhood of San Francisco. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHRIEFER— In this city. June 19. 1599. Chris-
tine M., dearly beloved wife of Diedrich H.
Schrlefer, and mother of Dora and the late
Henry and Carl Schrlefer, a native of Neuen-
walde, Germany, aged 53 years 3 months and
19 day?.
|C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 155 Natoma street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
WARNKEN— In this city. June 19, 1809, Herman
Warnken. a native of Germany, aged 41
years.
(C^FrSends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
I of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
I ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. _^_
■ ■
hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & : Gallagher), ■
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER*,
■ 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South *'
1112
NEWSBOY A PASSENGER
ON BATTLESHIP IOWA
Willie Barlow, Guest on the Man-of-War.
WILLIAM BARLOW, a newsboy of this city, enjoys the distinction of
• Ij member of his numerous calling in Ami ri< a who mailed
■ ssion of the Secretary of the Navy as
ews agent r .j tli>- officers and crew.
\V] .■.:■ was ordered to Port Orchard young Barlow asked Cap
tain :n,i^si"ri t" accompany the man-of-war as passenger, but the
conn:,: - : to deny tl t, as ules and regulations of
the navy \ permit it. red by the :irm but kindly refusal.
the youthful paper merchant t< - cretary of the Navy, and
■.Igh offlcii . his Important duties for the moment to :s<-.
order, which was promptly telegraphed here, and the heart of the
an boy v. ■ glad.
Willie in a bright boy of l v . though he looks much younger, whose
wits have been sharpened by contact with the world, and who earns a live-
Ing ' ■ Being Imbued with a spirit
■;:):t trade "ii the men-of-war, md regularly suj>
phia, Forktown and Monterey with newspapers.
win:. ■ - : • Francisco las; February Barlow began his
. ird. and v.-ry - me a great favorite R'ith the men. li:s
intil he was the only newsboy supplying the ship. A
lowa's wto a dose Barlow becan ■ ■ ted. but m learning that the
p would be at Pori Orchard, he had a longing to make a
■ eryday lif. •••' the crew and gam ;' - of a
• ■■ water. This !)•■ was able to do. much to his delight.
On the arrival of I ship at it- - m his business instinct led
him to make arrangements with the officers and crew to furnish them
with papers. Immediately or, the ship dropping anchor !)'• went ashore and
ppcured a quant C ils and Sea- of them among
[owa's tay at Port Orchard Barlow will furnish r>■a.i
battleship puts to sea again he will return I i San
>usli ess aloriLr the water front. Barl iw
■ ■■■ • ! isiness opportui ■ I undoubtedly has a bright
ROBBED BY A
A SWINDLER IN
SAILOR`S GARB
Clever Scheme of a
Bunko Man.
AN ATTORNEY'S SURPRISE
WANTED TO MAKE HIS WIFE A
PRESENT.
He Purchases Six Yards of Supposed
Contraband Goods for Eighteen
Dollars and Finds He Is
Duped.
• Attorney Becsey was cleverly swindled
out of $1S severa.l days ago by a smooth
confidence operator. Dressed in the garb
of a sailor the swindler visited Becsey's
office In the <ild Supreme Court building,
and after swearing him to secrecy un
folded a package containing six yards of
<ire?s goodsi He represented that the
goods were worth HO per yard and that
he had obtained them in a foreign port
and smuggled them into this city. He
bogged Becsey not to say anything about
how he had come Into possession of the
contraband goods, as' he feared that the
captain of the ship on which he is em
ployed might hear of it and turn him over
to the United States authorities.
Th< unsuspecting attorney, evidently
[ng his yarn, asked him how much
ild take for ili" stuff. The swindler
demanded $40. claiming that he had been
offered that amount by a saloon keeper
■with whom he had done business some
time ago.
Becitey, after admiring tho cloth and
thinking v. • dress it would maki>
for his wife finally agreed to give the
"sailor" $]»> for It The swindler, after
hesitating for some time, accepted his
tloned the attorney not to
tell his better half from whom he had
1 ..it the stuff. After being handed the
amount the swindler lefi the office.
With the package under his arm and
vreathed In smiles, Becsey sur>-
Bequently appeared at the door of his
home arid was met by his anxious wife
"What i? in the package?" Inquired his
■ half, evidently divining that he had
esent for her.
"You couldn't guess in a hundred
milingly replied the happy at
.. placing the package on a table
find ordering his wife to open it. She
hastily untied the string thai bound the
package and to her disgust she found that
); contained a remnant of blue serge val
ue d at about Jl 25.
When t"ld thai he had been swindled
y fairly swooned away. After re
■ ng from the shock the now thor
oughly maddened disciple of Blackstone
buckled on his trusted army revolver and
<! forth to Bnd th< swindler, deter
t ■! to do him or die In the attempt.
Thinking thai he might return to his
law office expecting to present him with
. r gola brick, Becsey repaired
rvously awaited his com
ing. After pacing the floor for Borne time
illor" did not reappear the
Ira;, attorney went to police headquar
ters and told Captain Bonen the story of
how he had be< n swindled.
"You've appeared for just such fellows
in tin Police Court." remarked the vete
ran detective, trying to suppress a smile.
ughl i" be mi to their various
tricks l>y this time."
■■!('• looked Hk>- a hard-working man."
explained Becsey, driving his fist into his
eh as if tM appease his anger, "and
luded he was on the square.
"Bui wait, captain," roared the angry
•y, punching boles In the air. "I'll
teach him a i<-ssmh if it costs me every
■ ■ I have in the world."
■■ • .• tectlves assured him
he would do all in his power to appre
hend the "sailor." and Becsey left his of
fice in an easier frame of mind.
North End Republicans.
The Royal ESagle Republican < ub met
Ing and elected the following
new officers: President, J. Haver; vice
dent, H. M. Kuhn; financial secre
:nr\. Milton Towne; recording secretary,
A Yolkman: treasurer, J. Patterson; ser
jeant-at-arms, J. Mover; executive com
mittee—William Stevens, J. Haver. H. M.
Kuhn (chairman). J. Burfeind. D. W.
vTesFenberg. Thirty-five new members
Hgned ihe roll.
THE JAPANESE
TO BE TAUGHT
SEPARATELY
Legislature to Enact
the Required Law.
THEIR STATUS TO BE DEFINED
WESTERN ADDITION IMPROVE-
MENT CLUB TAKES ACTION.
Supervisors Will Be Asked to Light
Fillmore and Devisadero Streets,
as Provided by Municipal
Ordinance.
At the regular monthly meeting of the :
Western Addition Improvement Club held
last riicht in Franklin Hall the question
of the education of Japanese In public
schools was taken up, and chairman Dr. :
C. V. Cross was empowered to appoint a I
committee to draft a bill for presentation
to the next Legislature, placing the Jap-.
anese on the same footing as the Chinese.
The intention is to segregate the little :
brown men and provide a school for their
exclusive use. The law as now (••insti
tuted applies to Chinese only, and it is
proposed to settle . inee and for all the
status of all Orientals who are educated
at the expense of the taxpayers.
In a communication to l>r. Cross Super- (
Intendent Webster holds that the Jap
anese must pay the statutory fee of $1"
pi r annum for a primary course. $2'> for
a grammar course and $.?0 to attend the j
high school. The law can only be evaded
by an American citizen becoming gyar
dian for the alien. The proposed law, i
however, will be regarded as the proper
solution of the problem, as there Is no !
particular desire to work any hardship on !
the Japanese, it is certain that they are
becoming so numerous that some steps
should be taken to prevent them crowding
out white pupils.
The fireworks committee of the Fourth
of July celebration notified the club that a
display Will be held OS the evening of the
4t li at Alta Plaza, bounded by Jackson, j
Clay, Bteiner and Scoti streets, for the j
benefit of Western Addition residents.
The light committee of the club reported I
that some definite action will be taken re- i
garding the lighting of Fillmore and ]
Devisadero streets, las provided by muni- j
clpal ordinance. Dr. Cross stated that he
had made personal observations and i
found -several useless* street lamps. He j
also found an electric-lighi pole on Clay
street, between Central avenue and Lyon
str.et. and three khs lamp? In tho same,
block. Only one house is located on the i
block. There is an electric lamp on the
southwest comer Of Page street and Ma
sonic avenue and a gas lamp on the north- j
west corner. On the south side of Califor- i
nia street, between Gough and Octavia. j
there is an electric lamp, while diagon
ally across, sixty feet away, there is a I
pas lamp and another one sixty feet west. '
<tn the corner of California and I.yoni
streets there is an electric lamp and two
useless gas lamps. None of these lamps
have fire alarm boxes. I>r. Cross is of the
opil ion that enough useless lamps could .
be cut out in various parts of the city and
utilized to light Killmore and Devisadero
streets, as required by the ordinance, and
the matter has been called to the atten- |
tion <>f the Board of Supervisors.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
William .1. Mier, a carpenter of Sacra
mento City, filed a petition in insolvency ,
yesterday. He grew tired of paying in
terest at 5 per cent per month discounted !
each month, and appealed to the District
Court for relief. His petition shows that j
of the $1088 SO of his delinquency the sum
of $723 is due on three notes of $60 each,
drawn In favor of Charles Heisen in the
early part of November, 1895, at 5 per cent
per month, discounted monthly. . Heisen
died recently, and the administrator of j
his estate has been trying to collect the
amount of the notes from Mier.
D. Ulfelden of New York and other
creditors of Henry Ulfelden, clothier of ;
San Francisco, petitioned . the United
States District Court to adjudge Henry ;
an insolvent bankrupt. They state that i
he owes them $2000.
W. T. Watters, swithchman, San Fran- i
cisco, filed a petition stating: his debts
at JU36 £2; jioyasscta. . . . i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT^L, TITESPAT, JUNE 20. 1899.
AUSTRALIA IS
EXPECTED TO
ARRIVE TO-DAY
Police Are Waiting for j
the Steamer.
ARE LOOKING FOR A CLEW
STEAMER MAY BRING THE ALA
MEDA'S STOLEN GOLD.
Argentine Republic's Training Ship
Presidente Sarmiento Sailed
Yesterday for Honolulu
and Hongkong.
The mail steamer Australia and the
Tnited States ship Philadelphia were
both expected Into port yesterday, but
did not arrive. The Oceanic people ore
anxiously waiting for the Australia. She
is bringing up quite a large number of
passengers and heavy mails. ]t has been
rumored for some time that the arrival
of the Australia may throw some llpht
upon the robbery of the chest of gold
from the Alanieda. The police, acting
under Instructions, have be< n keeping a
rlose outlook for this steamer. They are
very reticent about the matter and will
noi discuss it. Sergeant Bunner said yes
terday that he hoped the Australia would
arrive on time, but beyond this he would
noi say what were his reasons for being
int. vested iii the arrival of the Australia.
It was learned from one of the Custom
house officials that in some way the po
lice had got a Clew which leads them to
suppose thai ih< thief or some of his ac
complices, and possibly the stolen money
Itself, maj be on the Australia. When
the Australia arrives there may lie some
ting developments, and if there are
not. it won't I"- the fault of the police.
yesterday was an exceedingly quiet day)
along the water front. There were no ar
rivals or departures of any Importance.
Th< Pacific Mail Company's steamer San
Jose cleared at noon for Panama and way
ports. Siie carried a fairly large numbei
■if passengers. The steamer Bonlta got
in during the forenoon from Newport. She
brought fourteen cabin passengers and I
eight second-class passengers The
schooner Volant, from Grays Harbor, ar
rived with a load of lumber, and went
direct to Oakland. The bark Gatherer ar
rived in tiie afternoon from Tacoma with |
■ ..j! for the Prairie Coal Company. The
vessel had a smooth voyage down, and
brought -'■:•'•<> tons of coal. The only other I
vessel to arrive was the steamer Noyo, I
from Fort Bragg, heavily laden with lum- j
ber for the Union Lumber Company.
William Ingram, who was formerly a
r In the Chief Wharfinger's of
fice, yesterday succeeded John Abernethy
as one of the State Harbor Police officers.
Abernethy's term had expired. It is said
that there was no opposition to digram's .
appointment. He made an excellent repu-]
tation for himself while in the Wharf- |
ingot's office. This is only one of several
changes made last week on the water
front by the Commissioners. The changes!
were among the dredger and repair de
partment men. The Commissioners will;
hold their regular meeting this after- |
noon.
Th>- Presidente Sarmiento sailed yes
terday afternoon for Honolulu. She will |
stay there lone enough to take on a sup
ply of fresh meat and give the middies a
chance to see the city. From Honolulu the
ship will next go to Yokohama., then to
Hongkong and in. me by the way of the
Suez canal. The Presidente Farmiento is
the training ship of the Argentine Repub
lic. She has been here for nearly a
month. The ship will do a great deal of
visiting while in the Mediterranean, es
pecially among the Italian ports.
The transport Sherman, which sailed
from here on May 2^. arrived at Manila
yesterday. Tho transport Indiana left .Ma
nila yesterday for San Francisco. The
United States surveying steamer C. I.
Patterson sail..! yesterday morning for
the north on a surveying trip. The hark
Edward May went to the dry dock yes
terday to be overhauled and to have her
bottom recoppered.
Officer Thomas If. Dillon of the Harbor
police y. Bterday swore out a warrant
against Thomas H. Whitelaw, son ..f one
of the members of the Whitelaw Wreck
ing Company, charging him with buying
Junk from a minor, which is against the
law. The boy who sold the junk Is tinder
lfi year? of age. which is the limit pre
scribed by law under which a minor may
not sell junk. The hoy is a son of John
Jess, who conducts a liquor store at the
corner of First and Folsom streets.
Thomas Fleming, a laborer, who lives
at 'IV- (Gilbert street, while loading pipe
upon a wagon at the fnion Works yes
terday Hfternoon met with a painful ac
cident. One of the heavy pipe fell and
caught his left hand between it and the
flange of the wheel. His three middle
fingers were so badly lacerated that -when
he was taken to the Harbor Hospital Dr.
1 Yon der I.eith found it necessary to am
putate them.
Michael McDonald of Oakland, the long
shoreman who was injured on Sunday
1 while loading coal from the Titania. was
removed to St. Mary's Hospital yester
day. He is suffering from a fractured
skull, n broken arm and Internal injuries.
The hospital Burgeons think that he has
very little chance of recovery.
FOG SERVICE.
Weather Official McAdie Will Estab-
lish One.
Alexander McAdie, section official in
charge of the local Weather Bureau, has
established a fog service in connection
v.ith the other branches now in operation.
The new service contemplates the notifi
cation to the pilots In charge ol the ferry
boats Of the presence Of fogs outside the
Golden Gate and the possibility of its en
tering the harbor. Observations will be
taken as to whether the fog forms at the
bottom or whether It is the so-called
"high fop."
Fop is due generally to the descending
movement of the atmosphere and vapor
coming in contact with warm air on the
water surface. By taking the observations
on Mount Tamalpais and telephoning
them down to the local office the desired
information may be given out.
There was a peculiar change in the tem
perature yesterday. The thermometer
registered TA in San Francisco and 44 on
Mount Tamalpais. whilr on Sunday it
was 79 on the mountain and .'p2 in this
city, a practical reversal of the conditions.
This Is the first time :nat the temperature
hsa been taken at the sea level and one
ami a half miles above. According to Mr.
McAdie, "it is impossible to go west for
observations, but we can go up and put
both observations together."
Mr. McAdie ha.s just Issued a creditable
annual summary of the climate find crop
service of the California section, which
gives In a concise way the conditions
which prevailed during: the year IS;iS.
ELECTRICIANS WILL MEET.
Large Convention Which Will Be
Held at the Cliff House.
The Pacific Coast Electric Transmission
Association will hold its second annual
convention this afternoon in the parlors
of the Cliff House.. A large number of
delegates have gathered from all over the
coast and the meeting promises to be one
of the most important in the history of
the association.
The programme for this afternoon's ses
sion will be confined to a reading of spe
cially prepared papers. Dr. F. A. C. Per
rine will open the meeting. John Martin
will discourse on "Electric Lighting Ver
sus Gas." after which an executive ses
sion will be held. The evening will be
given over to informal discussions. On
Wednesday Professor C. L. Corey of the
State University will read a paper on
"Regulation of Alternating Current Gen
erators"; R. S. Was.son will be heard on
"Facts About Alternating currents"; L.
A. Hicks on "Electrically Driven Centrif
ugal Pumps," and C. W. Hutton on "By
hat Method Shall Be Determined a Fair
Return for Current Supply."
Dr. Sarsfleld's rheumatic, remedy never
fails in worst cases of Inflammatory rheu
matism; can be used with entire safety.
J>r /ale 927 Maj&eJ, r_. 2J9JL 9 f J},ja. &
BURNING OIL
SET FIRE TO
HIS CLOTHING
I Frightful Accident to
a Teamster.
PETROLEUM TANK EXPLODES
— « —
THE UNFORTUNATE VICTIM
WILL DIE.
: With Rare Fortitude He Assists the
Doctors in Applying Soothing
Oil to His Blackened
Body.
Charles F,. Holbrook. a teamster, was
; fatally burned last night by the ex-
I plosion of a tank containing crude pe
troleum at the works of the Union Oil
Company, on Kentucky street. Potrero.
The unfortunate man is employed by
; James D. Bocarde & Co., wholesale
draymen at fl Market street. He was
| sent to the works to get five drums of
petroleum and was to have taken them
to the Risdon Iron Works. After reach
i ins the works he noticed that one of the
I large tanks was overflowing' and he
I called the attention of the watchman
!to it. The latter, after explaining that
i he was dressed in his best suit ot
! clothes and did not want to take a
chance of spoiling them, asked Hol
brook if he would t..-t "stop off" the
supply. Holbrook readily consented.
and. taking the watchman's lantern,
; he repaired to the tank and after con
siderable trouble managed to find the
stopcock of the supply pipe.
The oil was pouring Into tho recep
tacle, and as Holbrook shut off the sup
ply he placed the lighted lantern along
side the tank. In some manner tho
flame from the lantern reached the oil
and a loud explosion Immediately fol
lowed.
Tho burning petroleum completely
enveloped the unfortunate teamster,
and with a wild cry <>( horror he started
to run from the scene. His clothing
I was a mass of flames, but with rare
presence of mind he attempted to tear
the burning rags from his body, all
i In vain, however.
Several men who were present has
tily divested themselves of their over
coats and wrapped them around the
body of the unfortunate man. After
| considerable difficulty they succeeded
in extinguishing the flames, but not
; until Holbrook was fatally burned.
The ambulance was at once sum
moned and Holbronk hastily removed
to the Receiving Hospital. An exami
nation disclosed scarcely a spot on his
body that had not been reached by
i the devouring flames. His back pre
i sented a sickening appearance, while
j charred and blackened pieces of flesh
| hung loosely from his arms and legs.
With rare fortitude Holbrook watch
-led Drs. Morrison and Pherwood ap
i ply a soothing mixture of oils to his
body. He assisted them in adjusting
the bandages that they tied around his
body, and occasionally gave them di
rections as to how he wanted the oil
■ applied.
"I guess there is no use kicking.
i boys," he remarked to one of the doc
tors as ho was placed upright on the
operating table, "I know I am up
against It."
After he had been placed in tho malo
ward the unfortunate man was visited
I by his employer, who instructed the
doctors to do all in their power to save
the ]jfo of the injured man.
He has been in tho employ of Bocarde
& Co. for several years, and is held in
high esteem by them.
The surgeons at tho hospital ontor
i tain no hope for the recovery of Hol
brook.
MILITARY ELECTIONS.
A Colonel of the Fifth Infantry to Be
Elected — Captains and Lieuten
ants to Be Chosen.
On the :m of ii. Xt nvmth lieutenant
Colonel Geistingr. adjutant on the staff of
General Warfleld, will preside at a meet
ing of the officers of the Fifth Regiment
Infantry. National Guard, to elect a suc
cessor to Colon.! Fairbanks, who some
time ago retired from the colonelcy. It is
probable that Lieutenant Colonel A. K.
Whitten. who has been in command since
Colonel Fairbanks retired, will be ciir.H.-n.
and for the position of lieutenant colonel
Majors Hodges and Julian will he candi
dates.
Captain Douglass AVhite has been de
tailed tn preside at an election to be held
fur captain and lieutenant of Company
F. Fifth Infantry, vice L, K. Weull and
C. ('. ('oval, whose terms expire. Majnr
I >orn will preside at an election for cap
tain and second lieutenant of Company P.
same raiment, vice William Elliott and
T. A. Kerrigan, who did not qualify.
SWIFT COURSERS OF THE AIR.
Pacific Pigeon Club's Race From Red
Bluff Won by E. D. Con
olley's Homer.
The Pacific Pigeon Club's second rare
of the old-bird series was flown on Sun
day from Red Bluff. A strong wind In
terfered somewhat with the speed. The
result of the race follows:
First— E. D. Conolley's W. 2195: arrived 1:01%;
average speed. Sl6 89-100 yards per minute; dis
tance, IS", miles S2O yards. Second— J. O. I.uh
bpn's A. 4«S; arrived 1:01%; average speed
815 27-100 yards ppr minute; distance. 165 miles
243 yards. Third— George Lubbens A 477: ar
rlvpd l:04i£: average speed, 80S j - ] on yards per
minute; distance, 165 miles 286 yards. * Fourth—
}'. A. Schlotzhauer's W. 1322; arrived l:0fiv 4 
average speed. "9fi 4S-100 yards per minute; dis
tance, IR3 miles 847 yards. Fifth— T. Car
penter's W. 3075; arrived 1:48; average speed
723 79-100 yards per minute; distance, 16T. miles
1257 yards.
This makes the winners for the series as fol
lows: First, P. It. Schlotzhauer; second, E.
r>. Conolley; third. Dr. T. Carpenter. The next
race will be for young birds from Tres Plnos
August 5.
DESPONDENCY'S FATAL RESULT.
John A. McKenzie. a Carpenter,
Hangs Himself From a Beam
in His Cellar.
John A. McKenziP. a carpenter living at
4 Sutter place, hanged himself in the col
lar of his house last night. McKenzie has
been out of work and out of money for
pome time past, and for the last few
dayshasbeen drinking heavily. T>ast night
shortly after 7 o'clock he went out into
the yard, presumably to water the flow
ers. As he did not return within a rea
sonable length of time his wife became
alarmed and made n search of the prem
ises. When she entered the cellar the
first thing she encountered was the life
less body of her husband hanging from a
beam.
McKenzie was 47 years of age and a na
tive of Prince Edwards Island. He has
often threatened to commit suicide during
days of despondency following a fruitless
search for employment. A widow and two
children survive him.
Captured a Tan Game.
Sergeant Donovan and posse last night
made a successful raid on the rooms of
the Chinese Mutual Protective - and
Benevolent Society at 819 Washington
street. Thirty-seven prisoners and a com
plete fantan layout were captured. The
men were locked up in the California
street police station and charged with vls-
Jtlajg a /flnjajv.game, ,„ ._ (
"PILLOWS" JEFF USED
TO ROCK FITZ TO SLEEP
THE boxing gloves Jim Jeffries
wore when he wrested the belt
from "Bob" Fitzsimmons have
been sent across the continent to
delight the eyes of the friends of thf
new champion In this city. Suspended
by narrow ribbons of red, white and
blue, they occupy the place of honor
in front of the center of the back bar
mirror in Al Smith's saloon at 221
Kills street. Beneath them hangs a
photograph of the young boiler maker
in fighting attitude. It is labeled.
"Our Champion." On the upper left
hand corner of the card upon which
it is mounted is a photo medallion of
Trainer "Billy" Delaney. A card on
the gloves bears the inscription:
WON BY
J. <J. Jeffries
In His Contest With Bob Fitzsimmons
for the Chr mpionship of
the World.
These famous mitts -were taken
charge of immediately after the Wg
fight by "Billy" Delaney. The next
(!;iy he packed them In a box and
shipped them to his wife in Oakland.
They arrived there last Saturday
morning and that same afternoon Al
Smith, whoso confidence in Jeffries'
ability to "put it on" the ("ornishman
netted him numerous dollars, received
a telegram from Delaney. authorizing
him to get the gloves for display in
his place of business. Smith hurried
across the bay to the Delaney home.
procured the precious hand coverings
and that night had them hung in "The
Fashion." admired by ail admirers.
At first glance these famous "pil
lows"' do not look as if they could he
the article* with which "Lanky Bob"
wns rocked to Bleep. Despite here and
there a little lumpineas, there is. noth
ing to denote to the casual observer
that they pounded the bony head of
the phenomenal "Kangaroo." A closer
inspection, however, especially in the
daytime before the flies have prone to
through which t h*->- have been.
The gloves arc the finest grade five-ounce affairs called for by the provi
sions of the Horton law. They are colored a dead red. intended 'to resemble
dried blood, and they do it. No one would suspect from a glance at the
mitts as they hang aloft that splotches of the good red blood of Fitzsim
mons decorate both of th.-m. It took the busy flies to do that. The mo
m. tit the gloves were hung up the insects deserted the free lunch and ad
journed to admire the mins.
One big stain on the knuckle of the left glove greatly resembled an out
line map nt Australia, two dozen flies on the outskirts making the coast
line. This sanguinary discoloration probably came from the active mouth of
Fitz. which, according to all accounts, bled continuously from Jewries' left
hand jabs.
Th.- only abrasion on either erlovp was a cut in the center of the hi<
blood spot on the left, as if the kid had come in contact with and hem cut
by Fitzsimmons 1 teeth. The right glove, which was placed so hard under
Fitzslmmons' heart and which finally found his jaw for keeps showed few
marks of wear.
The gloves will be turned over to Delaney when he arrives with Tef
fries and will find a place in his collection of the other "pillows" used in
the famous fights with which he has been connect* d.
These historic mittens were made by Sol Levinson of this city and sent
to "Jeff" for good luck.
OARSMEN WILL
HOLD CARNIVAL
AT EL CAMPO
Patch vs. Dennis in
Outrigged Skiff.
COURSE HAS BEEN IMPROVED
— — ♦ —
UNIVERSITY BOYS WILL PULL
IN BARGE RACE.
Relay Swimming Contest Between
Teams of Ten Water Dogs
From Olympics and
Lurlines.
At a meeting of the regatta committee
<>f the Pacific Association of Amateur
Athletic Union held last night the fol
lowingr, among others, were present: \v'.
C. Espy in the chair, J. R. Bockman. S.
.1. I'embroke, W. O. Tatch, A. P. Roth
kopf, H. W. Maass, •'. f>esoll, A. M.
Stone. E. Scully. M. J. Breen, M. J. (\tl
-nan. Ray Fryer. A. D. Smith. James Hop
per and T. Sands. The following entries
were received for the various events to be
rowed at El Campo on Sunday:
.hini'-r outrigged skiff race— M. j. Brepn.
South Knd Rowing Club; <leorep Baker, Dol
phin Boating Club; <:■■ , r sp Collopy, Pioneer
Rowing Club; <;<>orpp Lewis and Warner Lub
boi k. Alameda Boating club.
Senior outrlgged skirf race W. O. Patch,
Dolphin Boating Club, and I>r. C. C. I'prinis.
South » End Rowinp Club.
Junior four-oared barge race-Ariel Rowing
Club: E. McDonough, bow; c. Wilson. ...
2; A. Haughton, X.. 8; k Lynch, strike, and
Koy West. -kswain. University of California
Boating Association: James Hopper, bow; A.
n. Smith. No. 2; Ray Fryer, No, 3; F. P.
Waggerahauser, slroke, and Bert Hammer,
cockswain. Dolphin M'.nilne Club: W. Bush,
bow; Ccrfco Baker. No. 2: I>r. F. R. Sexton!
No. 3; I. M. Farrell, stroke, and W. Everts,
cockswain: substitute, Lester H:unmersmith.
canoo race— George Collopy, Pioneer Rowing
Club; A. w. Pape, Dolphin Boating club.
Ten-oared cutter race, with cockswain, open
to Naval Battalion, men-of-war and mer
chantmen—Naval Battalion, N. <}. C, first di
vision: J. Beattie, O. Smith, O 'oisen J
Bush, H. Bode, F. Nickle, R. Kaufer,' G*
Green, A. I/inilppker. A. Grutoso: substitutes
P. C. Muller. A. Buck, H. Muller and J. a!
Murphy. Second division, names not yet
handed in.
Senior four-oared barge — Dolphin Boat
ing Club: V. Caglierl. bow; George Baker No
2; W. O. Patch, No. 3; A. W. Pape, stroke: \V."
Everts, cockswain; substitutes. Dr. F. R Sex
ton and C. M. . Farrell. Pioneer Rowing Club'
H. Wilder, bow: F. O'Neill. No. 2; G. Lawson
No. 3; C. L.. Ochs, stroke, and G. Hause, cock
swain. Alameda Boating Club: .1 Lewis,
bow; W. G. Hansen. No. 2; Atwell C. Webb
No. 3; Fred W. Avers, stroke; B. Hansen,'
cockswain. Ariel Rowing Club: P. H. Wilson,
bow; James O'Connell, No. 2: R. Ellis, No. 3;
James Wilson, stroke, and Roy West, cock
■wain.
Relay swimming race, ten relays— l^urline
Swimming Club: M. de Lyons, C. E. Mayne,
IT. F. Brewer, H. A. Widemann. .1. A. Ged'des,
i: 1,. Smith. H. Foley, E. Steinberg, H. B.
Kennison and R. C. Hoffman. Olympic Club:
George A. Hinkel. Charles K. Melrose. J.
Hobson. F. Armstrong, F. Burnett. D. Carroll.
F. Duran.' A. W. Papp. Otis Crable and A
Taylor.
Four-oared barce , race, open to member? of
the Academic Athletic League and League of
the Cross Cadets— Company H. league of the
Cross Cadets: D. Ahearn, M. Moreno, W.
Leavey and J. Erlenheim. Architectural class
of Humboldt Evening High School: Bert
Cameron, J. W. Burke. .1. A. Burke and J.
Mackintosh.
A committee inspected the course at El
Campo on Sunday last and decided that
the races should start from a point near
the steamer Ukiah landing stage, along
the Mann shore for more than three
fourths of a mile to the turn, and back to
the finishing line, the second leg of the
course being somewhat shorter than the
first. Some rows of piles which have hith
erto obstructed the course will be re
moved, thus enabling boats to hug the
shore more closely than heretofore
Smoother water will be gained and spec-'
tators will be able to get a clear view of
the whole race from a point just after the
start to the finish. , ,
The California Northwestern Railway
will provide transportation for actual con
testants and their boats. Oarsmen should
have their boats at the Tiburon ferry slip
next Saturday evening or not later than
9:30 on Sunday morning.
The referee and A. \V. Pape. were ap
pointed a committee to arrange the de
tails of the relay swimming race, which
will take place near the snore between
two floats fifty yards apart. Another
meeting of the regatta committee will be
held on Thursday night to settle the sta
.Uons to bo taken by, the, crews ia the ra
roost, reveals something of the mill
nous events. The races will start as soon
as possible after the arrival of the 10:30 a
m. boat from the city.
MUST NAME ANOTHER REFEREE
George Siler Cannot Come to the
Coast to Pass Upon the Ruhlin-
Kennedy Battle.
George Siler. who has acted as referee
in the last three battles for the boxing
championship of the world, will not offi
ciate at the forthcoming meeting of
Ruhlin and Kennedy. The chicagoan
promised "Billy" Madden, Ruhlin's man
ager, that he would make a pilgrimafc"
to the coast shortly after the Jef
fries-Fitzsimmons meeting. Immediately
after the fight, however, he secured a
position with one "f the big Kastern rac
ing- associations. He could not afford to
sacrifice this, hence another man must
be selected l>y Manager Collins of th'^
Excelsior Club.
Tmiti Snarkey and Phil Wand have been
mentioned for th" place. The naming of
a man will not be left until the night of
the light, as It is intended to avoid all
unnecessary delay.
Jim Franey, whose gameness captured
those in attendance at Woodward's Pa
vilion last Friday night, has been pn>m
ised a match with Tom Tracey. Jim Mc
• irath has the most implicit faith in
Franey and thinks the setback he re
ceived last Friday will teach him to be
more cautious in the future.
NORTH END CITIZENS
WANT IMPROVEMENTS
ORGANIZE A CLUB WITH THAT
PURPOSE IN VIEW.
Enthusiastic Meeting at Which L. A.
Rea, James Bolan and John
Staude Speak.
AVith wild hurrahs and a stamping of
feet, a new improvement club was maiif
last night in the North End district of
the city. About 200 citizens gathered in
the New Washington Hall on Stockton
and Union streets to form the prelimi
nary plans of organization and in this
they were completely successful. After
two hours of speech making-, <he North
End Improvement club became a fact and
temporary officers were elected.
L. A. Rea set the ball rolling by a
statement of the purposes of the club.
He then called for a nomination of a
temporary chairman and was promptly
named for that position. The election
w.ms made without a dissentient voioe.
George Seekan was then elected tempor
ary secretary.
As temporary chairman and organizer.
I/. A. Rea spoke at length upon the ne
cessity for the existence of a well or
ganized improvement club in that dis
trict. He painted the lumpy condition
of the North End streets and dwelt
upon the indifference of the City Fathers
to act in their behalf. "With organiza
tion," he said, "we may hope for an im
provement in our section of the town.
The business man and the property owner
should come together and in a spirit of
unison work out the salvation of this
portion of the city."
James Bolan, at his own suggestion, as
cended the rostrum, expatiating upon the
needs of the North Knd from the civic
point of view. He spoke upon the ques
tion which has been agitating the Po
lice Department for some time, the seg
regation of the red-hued women in some
specially selected place, or their dissemi
nation throughout the length and breadth
of the city. He favored the former pro
ject For fear that the public might
think that this was a primal purpose of
the North End Improvement Club, Rea,
thp chairman, arose and poured oil over
the troubled waters.
John Staude was the last speaker, of
the evening, and he begged for a unity
of action, a combination of effort and
energetic work on the part of the busi
ness men and property owners of the
North End. The temporary chairman
was empowered to appoint a committee
upon whom the selection of permanent
organization would devolve. The roll was
signed and with the applications sent in
the North End Improvement dun n^v
numbers 300 members. The next meeting
will be held in the same place on Thurs
day evening.
James G. Fair's Estate.
The fifth account <>f the executors of
the last will of thp late Jam.-s <:. Ftdr
was settled by Judge Troutt yesterday.
The account covers the period from No
vember 17. lsss to May it; 1899, and shows
expenditures amounting to $439,23 57 and
a balance in the hands of the executors
In cash of $,'24 (XX i 7i;
In the Divorce Court.
Rosa Wniey was granted ■ divorce from
H. I. Wiiley yesterday on the ground of
desertion. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Ida J, Htph against Henry W.
High for desertion; Laura E. Nash
against James F. Nash for failure to pro
vide, and Jane Doherty against Archibald
Poherty for cruelty,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jflHafvAnLl
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and. Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill, Small Dose.
Small Price.
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND \
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature has
just been added.
' ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
D RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book, "The Empire Illustrated,"
. and other particulars.
W JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor.
AT SODA FOUNTAIN
SUMMER DRINK
Body, Brain and Nerve Tonic
Overcomes '
DEBILITY
ALL DRUGGISTS. AVOID SUBSTITUTES.
Portraits and endorsements sent postpaid.
MAR] \NI & CO., 52 W. 15th St.. NEW YORK.
cJOll(lIiI!l&
A table water of exceptional purity
and excellence. — London Lancet.
Wm.Wolff&Co., Pac. Coast Agts.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. ARGOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively puaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WB <«r AKAVTF.F. JFOCR BOXES
to cure any case with a positive xvritten guar-
antee or refund the. money, and to destroy tie
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTSDIIC nR!U/ cansosals "*" r - v . Poverty
alnUno UflinKaii.l Death. Upon receipt
■7t *10.00 tvp will mall you four [4] boxes an.i posi-
Ive written cuar.->.ntr<' t<i euro or refund
ocrmone* Sib"'- ' *■" "i
GEORGE DAHLHRNDER & CO.. Sol* Ajrt*-.
214 Kearcy at., San Fraaclaco.
* For the Best $10 Suit ;
to order you must go to /
JOE POHEIJVi.
For $25 you can get a i
fine, well made and well '
trimmed suit at '
JOE POHEIM'S.
Will cost elsewhere $40. J
All-wool, stylish-cut i|
Pants t« order from $4 '
to $12 at '
JOE POHEIM'S,
( 2O 1-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush
) 1110-111*2 Market St., S. F. (
ivisiT DR. JORDAN'S great }
>MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A Ci 1051Ui,E2ETCT.lot.6i47ti.S.r.Cc]. i I
\ Cf The Larjest Anatomical Museum in the
i | World. Weaknesses cr any contracted i I
▼ <Btf iaißl disease p»»ltlwflyc-»r«-ilt!y the oldest '
; • igSl SpeciaiibtontheCoist. I-.it. 36 year;. (I
A iTtL* OR. JORDAN- PRIVATE DISEASES
X iflPßffeß Conwitation free an<l Mrirtly priviie. \
Ami |ia Write for B"ok. pniLOSOPH Yof i
fI if PI JIAnIIIAI.I. MAILED FREE. (AT
f I>R JORDAN *«<>. 1051 Market St.. S. F. #
i^^DB. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
kapiM Five hundred reward for any
»8 p| rase we cannot cure. This secret
n| ■ remedy Btocs all losses In 24
gJTj |^W hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
TT? *nn\ """'>'• varlcocele. Gonorrhoea.
ixU iXj Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lost
mHIMh Manhood and all wasting effects
tZ"~*~Z~E^^ of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
i sealed. » bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
6TITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, C=i. Also
for sal« at 1073\i Market st, S. F. All private
disease* quickly cured. Send for free book.
DR.MCNULTY7
qiHIS WEll-KNUWN AM) RELIABT.KOLD
J. SpeciMlist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
poses o, Men only. Book on Private .Diseases mid
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 30 y'r5' experience.
Patients cureiiailtnnie. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 3 dally; 4.80 to 8:30 pv'trsi Sondays, Dtoli Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. HOSCOE 3IrX[:LTY. M.l>.
20U Kearny St., San Francisco. Cnl.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Stricture*
and analogous complaints at the Organs or
Generation.
Price n a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wright's Man VettetaWe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
■who have used them for forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver. Weak. Stomach. PUb«
1.. pit* iiuriry iv blogd» ■"