VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 115.
STATE OFFICER UNDER
FIRE OF ACCUSATION
Dr, F. F. Tebbets Is Charged
With a Serious Offense.
A Scandal in the State Board of Dental
Examiners Which the Governor
Sought to Suppress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DR. F. F. THBBETS. THE ACCUSED DENTAL EXAMINER
SACRAMENTO. Sept.. 22.— A scandal off
general State, interest is brewing in the
State Board of Dental Examiners. Dr.
F. F. Tebbets of this city, who Is one of
the members of the board, has' l;e?n ac
cused by one . of his associates of the
grossest misconduct, and after every ef
fort has been made to suppress the
charges and prevent publicity an investl
pation has been ordered: Dr, Tebbets baa
been charged. by his associate. Dr. Louis
T. Cranz. with having juggled with ..the
Important matter of Issuing diplomas.
This serious accusation has hung over j
Ijr. Tebbets' heau for weeks! but. his
friends have induced the Governor to pr«.-- j
v~nt an "investigation -until now. The j
complacency of the chief executive in the
affair ha.-? naturally excited v great dtal
of adverse comment.
In an interview to-night Dr. Tebbets in
sists that the whole affair grew out of a
rprsonal' 1 quarrel. This, huwt-ve'r. is not ,
the case,- Until recently the two dentists'
■wore friends. Then Dr. Cranz made his
accusations, which were based upon an j
interview and a discussion' which Dr. j
Tebbets had sought. After the charges j
bad been made the clash between Dr. TebJ j
b*ts and Dr. Cranz .came', the former i
threatening to kill his accuser. Serious
trouble between the two men was averted j
only by the timely interference at friends j
cf both.
Dr. Crar.z made his char- - to the Gov
ert or and demanded that an immediate in
vestigation be held and that Dr. Tebbets
be forced to resign. The Governor prom- j
ised that he would accede to the request.
He honored his prom in. his customary j
way by doing nothing. A State officer j
had been accused of a sr-riou? offense. An !
inquiry had been demanded, but the Gov- |
ernor, pledged by his oath of office to se
cure an honest administration of State j
departments, not only refused to make
an investigation but sought in every wa> {
to prevent one.
But Pr Cranz was persistent. He per
eevered in his appeals to the Governor
and finally secured from him another
promise that Dr. Tebbets would be forced
to resign or would be removed. Again
nothing was done by the Governor. The
friends of Dr. Tebbets meanwhile were
busy. They were Importuning the iren
who surround trie Governor to save the j
accused man from exposure. Letters
were sent by Chief of Police Dwyer and
others of this city to members of the Re
publican State Central Committee. .
All of this had the desired effect, out
row it Is understood that Dr. Cranz .n- j
t^ndß to force the retirement of Dr. Tib
bets, even at the expense of exposing the
scandal and resigning himself from the
board. Dr. F. H. lletcalf, who reslces
In Sacramento and Is also a member ot
the State Board of Dental Examiners, re
ceived a telegram from Dr. Cranz yester
day. In this telegram Dr. Cranz again j
demands an investigation of the Gover
nor's refusal tc act. ' , , ;
Dr. Metcalf says that he was unable
to reach the Governor to-day, but will
try to do so tomorrow. The affair nas
created considerable excitement in pro
fessional circles and all sorts of rumors
are afloat. There Is within the reach or
unscrupulous men who might occupy the
positions of State Dental Examiners an (
opportunity to traffic in dental" diploma*. .
The law permits wide discretion to the
examiners, as the following extract will
show:
"Any and all persons who shall so de- |
Eire may appear before said board at any
of Its regular meetings and be examined :
with reference to their knowledge and B
Ekill in dental surgery, and if the exami- i
nation of any such person or persons j
shall prove satisfactory* to said board the j
Board of Examiners shall issue to such
persons as they shall find to possess the
requisite qualifications a certificate to that
effect in accordance with the provisions
of this act. Said board shall also indorse
as satisfactory diplomas from any repu- !
table dental college when satisfied of the j
character of such Institution upon the
holder furnishing- evidence satisfactory to
the board of his or her right to the same,
and shall issue certificates to that effect
within ten days thereafter. All certifl
The San Francisco Call.
cares issued by said board shall be signed
"n'-iis Officers; and such certificates snali
be prima facie evidence of the right at
the hjilder to 'practice dentistry in the
State of California."
Rumor will cense, however, in a few
days, as it is promised that next Mon
day the long delayed Investigation will
be heldJ
Dr. P.. F. TeC'bets. who is a member of
the City B^arii of Trustees and also cf the
State 'ftenrd of Dental i^.vr.mir.frs. was
seen to-r.ight by The Call correspondent in
relation to ffie accusations that had
btcn made by. Dr. > C'ranz to the efrec:
that Tebbets t;ad been corrupt In the ad
miuistratir.n of his office.
J r. Tebbets did not wcome agitated
when the subject was presented to him
and he passed it off hurriedly, and flip
pantly in order to join a theater party
which was waiting in a carriage In front
cf his office. ' .
'•I emphatically deny every- charge
which <'rans liss made". against me," said
Dr. lebbets. "I have not given any diplo
ma.- for any conipccsation and I snali
demand a full investigation. This troub!^
between Crar.z and myself la purely per
sonal and has nothing .to do with the
Stau- Board. One night in San Francisco,
not very long ago. we attended a ban
quet and perhaps too much wine was
urunk. At any rate, hot words passes
between us; but that episode had nothing
to do with the State JJoard. Ever sine
then Craoz has beep pursuing that per
sonal affair. 1 had intended resigning m;
position on tre board, but sine*? accusa
tions have been rrmue against in I con
cluded thai it would be best to stand my
ground, a.i long as the trouble was only
of a personal nature."
That concluded the interview with Dr.
Tebbets, and he at once joined his theater
party".
Dt. F. 11. Metcalf, another member of
the State Board, was next seen at his?
residence at Twenty-sixth and N streets.
L>r. Metcalf was exceedingly reticent — in
fact, evasive, 'nut he admitted that there
wa.s troub:« and that accusations had been
made against Dr. Tebbets. Dr. Metcalf
did not want to discuss the matter. He
said h<* preferred to put It off until next
Monday. He was, he said, a friend of
Governor Gage, and was likewise a
friend, a neighbor, a lodge brother and
professional associate of Dr. Tebbets.
. Dr. Metcalf admitted he had received a
telegram from Dr. Cranz to Interview
the Governor. He had Intended having
the interview, but learned that the Gov
ernor was out of the city. Dr. Met calf
hoped no publicity would be given to the
matter, but in that wish he expressed a
hope that the Governor's feelings would
be spared. Dr. Metcalf would not make a
direct statement: His manner was of the
"silence gives consent" order. He said
that he ■ad understood and expected
that Dr. Tebbetß would resign. Dr. Met
caif said he expected to have an inter
view with the Governor to-morrow.
UNSATISFACTORY WITNESS.
Engineer of Ramapo Company Re
fuses to Produce Maps.
NEW VoRK. Sept a.— The Maset in
vestigating committee to-day moved in a
circle. Commencing with the Ramapo
- th<y swung around through tene
ment houses, building codes and back to
Ramapo water. P. E. Nostr&nd, the chief
engineer of the R&mapo Company, was
the first witness of the day. H>r iJ-clin^'l
to produce thp maps and the documents
of the company. Mr. It OSS, the attorney
of the committee, called President
luifher of th>» Ramapo Company to the
I. He sustained the position main
tained by the chief engineer. This called
forth some lively commeats from Mr.
M< ss, who seemed to thirik that unless
thp names of the stockholders of the
Ramapo Company were furnished to the
-•iKatir.g committee, the general pub
lic would naturally be suspicious of tne
origin and the disposition of the stock.
NEW CASES OF FEVER.
Thirty-Eight Additional Cases and
Five Deaths of Yellow Jack.
KEY WEST. Fla.. Bept 22.— The new
cases of yellow fever number thirty-eight
and the deaths five. Three of tfiose who
died were children.
SAN FKANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1899.
AMERICANS IN TRANSVAAL
APPEAL FOR PROTECTION
In the Event of Hostilities They Are Afraid
of Being Impressed Into the Service
of the Boers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, Sept. 22.— The State De
partment to-day received the fol
lowing cablegram from Consul
Macrum from Pretoria:
A committee of American citizens has
requester! me to forward you the follow
ing cable:
Article 74 of the Transvaal constitution
just passed Is as follows:
"Ir. the event of war, rebellion or oth^f
cirrumstancrs of pressing danger, che
President, i:i consultation with the com
mandir.sr general and with the consent of
the Executive Council, may proclaim
martial iaw. r.nd every Inhabitant, with
out distinction, shall then be obliged to
tense of the State."
was passed, which sn\s:
law can also compel inhabitants
vre not burghers, as also colored
people, to co-operate in maintaining the
Independence of the republic, in defense
of the t< rrltory, or suppression of revolts
• -. •
«>\ m e thousand Americans are liable
co b>- Impressed into the service. In cas:
which appear imminent.
munication will be destroyed. Strong
representation must be made to this Gov
ernment at once in order to protect tne
property and dignity of American
citizens. Yours faithfully,
L. I. SEYMOUR, Secretary.
INSTRUCTIONS SENT TO
SIR ALFRED MILNER
LONDON. Sept. 23.— The Govern
ment, it is lindferstood, cabled Sir Al
:•■:■. Hritish High Comn ss
yesterday (Friday) a
ije 1n accordance with the Gabi
- D. ft Is said ;hu the ihes
-30 pri tests strongly against the
■■! faith on the part oi
C >nyngham Green.
In the meantime no active steps will
be tak>--n to rend an army corps ta
South Africa, but preparations of a
kind Will continue quietly for
the dispatch of a large army under
General sir Redvera Builer should
■:t Kruper decline to avail him
the further opportunity now
given tor a
The Standard says it believes the
DR. LOUIS T. CRANZ, WHO CHARQES HIS ASSOCIATE.
ULISSES HEUREAUX
WILL OPPOSE JIMENES
Has Organized a Body of Several
Hundred Trocps Near the Hay
tian Border.
SAN DOMIXGO, Sept. 22.— Ulysse Heu
reaux, boh of ih<> late President uf San
-co has organized a body of Beveral
hundred troops in the district of Sun
Juan near the Haytlan border.
Heurf-aux is only about 23 years old and
rally believed la being used ns
Btrument by officials of the former
rnment who are expecting nothing
from the Jimenea party They propose xo
. coming- election with a canil
[r own.
Thr noper of the people would
a ger fie. The former Govern
ment has a Strong hold upon the people.
despite the unpopularity of some mem
hera? The soldlon .ire uwatisned at not
receiving any 1 ay. _
GOOD CLAIMS IN OMINECA
Miners in the District Are All Doing
Well.
VICTORIA. B. C. Sept. 22.-Thore ar
rived in this city to-day a little group of
miners from the Omim-ca mining district
in th"far north of British Columbia. In
the party were T. R. Moore, manager of
the St. Anthony Mining Company of Santa
Barbara Cal O. W. Ottorson of the
Dflori 'Company, a syndicate of Ha
waiians and H. Hall ot the Hudson Bay
C Moore " V 'who brought out VW in gold,
says that extensive preparations are be
ing made for this winter's work on Man
tflate Evans and Otrmansen creeks.
The Santa Barbara company is putting in
a ditch seven miles long at a coat of $50.
--&00 Kn Ottawa company Is putting works
In worth $100,100. A French company has
140 (00 worth of machinery all ready for
work. They will have a steam shovel In
use this winter. All the properties are
paying rich returns on Evans Creek. The
Santa Barbara company's men are tak
ing, out an ounce each per day shoveling
Into the sluices. On I^ost Creek, which
runs into Manser.. Charles McKinnon. of
Chicago is doing well. He has taken out
a number of nuggets, the largest of which
is valued at $69.
CAPE TOWN*. Sept 22.—Writ
<■ Ing to an intimate friend here.
' President Kruger said: "Things
<■ are serious and will become
- graver, but a peaceful settlement
► will be attained."
► In the Cape House of Assem
► bly to-day, discussing the ques
► tion of volunteer?. Mr. W. P.
► Schreiner, the Premier, said he
- hoped some day to see a force
► established. The English and
► the Dutch will unite for the de
- fense of the colony and render it
• independent of imperial troops.
The Berkshire Battalion, it is
- reported, will be moved to-mor
- row from King William Town to
► the Oranpe Free State border.
- apparently in response to Presi
- dent Steyn's speech at the open
■ ing of the Raad yesterday.
Government has decided to convene
Parliament n>xt month.
The Johannesburg correspondent of
the Morning Post says: -'It is asserted
here that an understanding exists in
Pretoria that the Gape Colony Govern
ment will, at the last moment, declare
In favor of the Trar.svaal."
It is reported that fresh arrests of
journalists and L'itlar.der leaders are
Imminent In Johannesburg.
MEETING OF BRITISH
CABINET COUNCIL
LONDON. Sept. 22.— A Cabinet coun
cil was held to-day, beginning at 12:33
p. m. A large crowd assembled a.bout
Downing street, early in the day. The
Cabinet Ministers were loudly cheered,
the Secretary or" State" for the Colonies,
Mr. Chamberlain, receiving the lion's
share of the applause. -Vvj
■The Cabinet meeting ended at 2:40
p. m. The Ministers were cheered as
they came out of the Foreign Office.
Nothing transpired regarding the ac
tion taken, though the general impres
sion spread that a vigorous line had
CHILD SWALLOWS
A HORNED TOAD
Reptile Was Finally E-smoved From
tlie Baby's Stomach Without
Injury to Either.
SAN DIEGO Sept. 22.— An eighteen
momhs-oid Indian chili'. near.Morena
Dam the other day was given a quantity
of grapes to eat and not only ate all th<»
fruit bat swallowed a horned toad three
Inches in length. The child's mother saw
the reptile as it was wriggling \o get
away from the youngster, but before she
could reach th» boy the toad slipped down
the child's throat.
There was great commotion in the littlo
fellow's stomach for some minutes after
ward, but it did m>t go Into convulsions
like a white baby would have done He
remained conscious and let a miner till
him full of emetics. The horned toad
finally came cut of the boy's mouth, and
neither the child nor the horned toad was
the worff for the incident. The truth of
tho story is vouched for by officers of the
Land and Town Company, who have Just
returned fr<>m Morena.
■»
Big Steamer Launched.
NEW YORK. Sept. 22.— The newly built
steamer Lorraine of the Campagnie Gen
erale Transatlantique was launched at
St. Nazalre, France, yesterday afternoon
with great success. The Lorraine is 12JM0
tons register and 2500 horsepower. Thy
company is about to build a sister ship
to be called the Savoie of the same ton
nage. They will ply between Havre and
N>w York.
Missionary Shoots Himself.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Sept. 22.— Rev. F.
J. H. Bennett. Presbyterian missionary at
Air.sworth, accidentally shot himself on
Thursday and died to-day. He was hunt
ing high upon a mountain, and slipped
off a cliff. The gun was discharged, blow
ing off his arm. Deceased came to Ains
worth from St. Catherines. Ont.
Chief of Staff Dead.
PARIS, Sept. 22.— General Brault, who
succeeded General Renouaxd as chief of
the general staff on November 4. 1898, is
dead.
been adopted. The Secretary erf Mate
for War, the Marquis of Lansdowne,
and the First Lord of the Admiralty,
George J. Goschen, at once proceeded
to the War Office.
Many rumors are current regarding
the result of the Cabinet council, many
professing to be based on reliable
sources. But they are vague and con
tradictory. One news agency announces
that immediate and decisive action has
not been decided upon.
Later In the day various rumors were
still current regarding the Cabinet
meeting, but the following, which the
Pall Mall Gazette publishes, is believed
to be correct: "The comparatively
short duration of th^ council warrants
the conclusion that nothing of supreme
importance was decided at it. and such
we believe to be the fact."
TO TAKE POSSESSION
OF DELAGOA BAY
ALLAHABAD. British India. Sent.
22.— The Pioneer to-day prints a dis
patch saying negotiations have been
concluded by Great Britain for tak'n?
possession of Delagoa Bay November 1
BOMBAY. Sept. 22,-The remainder
of the Nineteenth Hussars and cavalry
staff have sailed for the tape. The
c^st of transporting the Indian con
tingent to South Africa is estimated at
£400,000.
DURBAN*. Natal. Sept. 22.— Refugees
from Barberton complain bitterly of
the arrog-ar.ee of the field cornets. They
say British boys of 15 years are placed
on the lists of the cnrr.miinders
KRUGER AND STEYN IN
TELEGRAPHIC CONFERENCE
PRETORIA, Sept. 22.— President
j Kruger has been in telegraphic con
■ ference with President Steyn this af
; ternoon regarding the situation, and
' the decision of the Raad of the Orange
, Free State is awaited with interest.
; Large numbers of local Danes. Ger
mans, Frenchmen, Hollanders and
Americans have offered their services
to Commandant General Joubert in the
i event of hostilities.
The executive council sat until 5
o'clock last evening. A telegram con
taining President Stem's reply to Sir
Alfred Milner, the British High Com
missioner in South Africa, was loudly
cheered. '
A large order for horses has been
given in the Orange Free State.' The
field cornets say that in the event of
mobilization 4000 men will be available
at Pretoria alone.
It is reported that an experiment at
Zuurfontein with a locally manufac
tured dynamite gun resulted in the gun
bursting, though no one was injured.
A greenbook has been issued contain
ing the report of State Attorney Smuts
! to the Government on the pourparlers
: between himself and the British diplo
! matic agent, Mr. Conyngham Greene,
j leading- to the conditional five years'
' franchise proposal. Mr. Smuts asserts
; that the proposal was the result of a
; private discussion and an arrangement
i that both Governments should infor
; mally decide about the offer and its ac
; ceptance before the offer should be
J formally submitted. He also contends
; that the exact draft of the offer was
: wired to the British High Commis
| sioner, Sir Alfred Milner, and that the
j imperial Government sent a dispatch to
Mr. Greene which the latter interpreted
j as an acceptance of the offer.
Mr. Smuts says that had the Trans
i vaal known any difficulty would be
i made about suzerainty his Government
would n '•'.'( r have made the proposals,
but would have probably immediately
accepted the invitation to a joint com
: mission of inquiry regarding the seven
■ year proposal. He also denies that he
promised Mr. Greene that the new
; members of the Raad would be allowed
'to speak English. All he said on this
• sub.i • he lares, was that the mat
; ter would easily settle itself, and he
shows that in the telegram to Sir Al
fred Milner no mention was made of
this subject.
GERMAN ARMY PLANS
WERE SOLD IN FRANCE
Captain Dreyfus Remains Quietly at
Carpentras, Refusing to See
Any Visitors.
BERLTN. Sept. 22.— 1t is officially ad
mitted that army mobilization plans stolen
by Sergeant Bchlosser in Wurzb^-rg, Ba
varia, have been s o i 1 1 to France. ScMosser
la a fugitive from Justice.
CARPENTRAS, Prance, Sept. 22.— Mmc
Dreyfus arrived here last evening. A
number of visitors called, but Captain
Dreyfus refuse to see any one until he
bad met his children, who are to arrive
here to-mnrri.v.\
ALGIERS. Sept. 22.— Max Regis, the
former Mayor of Algiers and a notorious
Jew-baiter, during the night left the villa
Just outside of the town In which he and
a party of adherents had befn barricaded
for some days, fearing arrest by the Gov
ernment. He Is said to have gone on
board a boat bound for Spain. Eight of
his companions were arrested.
SUCCESSFUL TEST OF
A SUBMARINE BOAT
GREENPORT, K. T.. Sept. 22.— The
submarine torpedo boat Holland made
a remarkably good showing during the
practice run to-day in Little Peconic
Bay. The new diving apparatus for
operating the steering engines worked
successfully, the boat netting under
■water and completely out cf sight in
quick time. The trial was in sending
the boat over a mile course submerged,
at the end of wh.ich it came to the sur
face and the torpedo was discharged
from the tube. The run under the wa
ter was mode in about ten minutes, and
the torpedo was successfully dis
charged from the tube, but, owing to
what is thought to have been a disar
rangement of some at the mechanism,
the torpedo, instead of taking a
straight course, took a downward turn
and the volume of muddy water sent
up showed that it struck the bottom
GOLD LESS VALUABLE
THAN THE HERRIN NAME
Kruttschnitt and the Lawyer in
a Game That Failed,
Attempt to Force an Agent to Make Them
a Present of $100,000 Insurance
on Their Lives,
WILLIAM P. HERRIN. with one
foot on the brink of political
oblivion, and his side partner.
Julius Kruttschnitt. who is
••killingly" economical in the
management of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, are threatened with a suit by a life
insurance agent, who would not take the
use of Herrin's name in lieu of the c I
hard cash due on two life insurance poli
cies Issued respectively to Herrin and
Kruttschnitt.
Herrin tried to convince the agent that
the mere fact of having his name on his
books was worth more than the amount
due on the policy and thought that if the
agent was "on to his job" he would make
him a handsome present for the privilege
of being able to say that he had issued a
policy on the life of the head of the law
department of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. The agent could not see it that
way— in fact, he was not going to do any
boasting over the fact that he had Her
rin as a client. He demanded his money
and declined to take anything else.
Kruttsehnitt was told by Herrin of th.?
outrageous treatment he had received
from the insurance man and stood in to
make the agent suffer for underestimat
ing the value of the Herrin name. Krutt
schnitt not only repudiated his note, siven
for the amount due. but tried to force the
agent to refund the money that had al
been paid on the policy. When the
insurance man refused' to be build
Kruttschnitt tried to force the issue by
filing a suit against the company to get
his money back.
Some months ago James B. Marvin, rep
resenting the Mutual Reserve Fund Life
Ass iatton of New York, learned that
Kruttschnitt had suddenly reached the
conclusion that hi? life was of some value
and that it was worth insuring. He
placed a figure on it of $50,006. Marvin,
in keeping with the reputation of life in
surance agents, allows no clew to a pos
:• ■ • • slip by without an investi
gation. He waited on the Southern Pa
■ 'ompany's manager and placed be
fore him a scheme of life Insurance
Kruttschnitt said was something he had
been looking for almost since the day of
his birth. It suited him prvcffcely
hf to Marvin, and he ordered a $50,000
policy. One-half of the first year's pre
mium, a sum over $1000. was paid when
the application was signed, and the bal
ance, for which Kruttschnitt gave his
note, was to Call due when the policy
arrived from the home office of the in
surance company in the East. So far
everything was Lovely.
Kruttschnitt was so tickled over the
bargain he had struck that he let Herrin
in on the secret. Herrin figured that his
li:c was just as precious and valuable as
that of the general manager, and to prove
it he proposed to show that Kruttschnitt
v as not the only hireling of Huntingdon
who cculd get himself insured for V
Marvin was sent for and was somewhat
; to learn that Herrin desired to'in
;:d that he wanted the same firm rt
j/olic as that for which Kruttsehnitt had
id.' 1 h!« application.
H> rrin paid one-half of the first year's
premium, but he did not give- his note for
the balance. A verbal promise to pungle
• • policy arrived was all that Her
nn would cive. Marvin was a little skep
tical about doing business that way. but
Herrir s suave ways threw him off his
pixartl and he concluded to risk it. -?u!>
aequent developments showed that Herrin
only proposed to keep pace with
Kruttschnitt in the amount of insuring
!• carried, but that it was his intentlo.i
•a the general manager a trick or
two in the art of getting life insurant
at tflt price. The scheme by wh.ch it
waa t" be recomplished was purel\ .>r;e:
nal vitb Herrin. and it was through no
fault of his that it miscarried. If Marvin
could have seen Herrin in the same mirror
before which the political misfit of the
railroad throws out his chest and hurls
bouquets at his own likeness everything
I have worked cut according to the
Herrin procramme. But Agent Marvin
• ot view tilings through a magnify
ing glass and for that reason Herrin's
MURDER COMMITTED
ON A THEATER STAGE
Julia Morrison of the "Mr. Plaster of
Paris" Company Shoots Man
ager Frank Leiden.
CHATTANOOGA. Term.. Sept. 22.— Julia Morrison, leading lady of the
"Mr. Plaster of Paris" farce comedy company, shot and killed Frank Lei
den, stage manager and leading man of the company, at 8 o'clock to-nieht
at the City Opera-house on the stage, just before the curtain mse for the
performance to begin. Three shots were fired at close range by the woman,
all taking effect in Leiden's head. He sank to the floor and was dead in a
few minutes. The woman was arrested and taken to the city jail. A Cor
oner's inquest was held, at which it was developed that trouble had ex
isted between Leider and Miss Morrison and to-day she slapped him. It
appears that they quarreled over the woman's alleged bad acting:. Leiden
accusing her of being an amateur. The woman claim? that Leiden repeated
ly insulted her. that he had made improper proposals to her, and in self
defense she shot him.
The verdict of the Coroner's tury was to the effect that the murder
was premeditated and wholly unjustifiable. The woman claims to be from
New Orleans, and a man with the company, named James, she claims as
her husband. James has been arrested as the instigator of the crime.
The sympathies of the entire company are with the murdered man. its
members claiming that the killing: was unjustifiable and that the woman
is an amateur and got Into the company by misrepresentation. The com
pany has been on the road three weeks and has been unusually successful.
about' fifty feet from the bow of the
boat.
W. R. Eckert, consulting engineer for
the Standard Electric Company of Cal
ifornia, and also of the Union Iron
"Works of San Francisco, inspected the
vessel and examined the machinery
while she was running under water.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
plans fell through and there is trouble
in the air.
When the policies arrived fr*-m the East
Marvin delivered them to Kruttschnitt
and Herrin. but « l i < i :>. •■' make a demand
for the balance of the premium. He in
tended to give them an opportunity to
read over the contracts and ascertain
fuily that they were as represented before
he asked them to sr-ttle the balance of
the bill.
Some days passed and hearing nothing
from his clients Mr- In
building with a receipt in one pocket and
in the other a sack to carry away the
coin he was so confident of receiving from
Herrin and Kruttschnitt. Kruttschnitt
was not in his office, but Herrir. wa.s In
hip. Marvin was received with a'l
graclousness. Herrin talked about the
wr-a-her and tin I potatoes, but
carefully avoided the subject of life in
surance. The situation was becoming
painful and entirely unsatisfactory to
Marvin, so he undertook a fl-ank move
ment by leading up gradually to the mat
ter which had taken him to the yellow
building. He went at it easily and asked
Herrin how tho policy suited him.
■■Fir.'-' Beautiful! Elegant! Just the
thin? every m;.n should hare. Nobody
Id fear death with a policy like that,"
wr.- the ejaculations of the railroad at
torney.
Marvin grew bold at the sepd-off given
his goods and pulling the receipt from his
pocket hand:-d it to Herrin.
"Thank you." was all that came in re
turn.
The life insurance agent mentioned that
th^re was a balance due of some $500
which, of course, was a mere bagatelle to
Herrin. but which the life insurance com
led in us business.
The rage of Herrin at the suggestion
of money was terrible. Marvin trembled
as the attorney snorted around the room
until the pure* air of his office was im
pregnated with the sulphurous fumes that
arose from the awful little cuss words
tha; were applied to any insurance agent
i r i ompan; who d in ,1 to make a demand
upon him for payment for h policy.
"The idea, sir: I am surprised at your
audacity! Why I should be paid for al
tg my name to go on your books. It
is valuable to you for advertising pur
poses. I have paid you half of what this
policy calls for, and'that is one-half more
thanl should have paid you. My name is
Herrin and I am the head of the law de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany."
Marvin insisted upon the money or the
return of, the policy, but got neither and
retired in disorder.
Herrin hurried c» Kruttscnnltt and told
him of the utter folly of such gr^at men,
as they gave themselves credit for be
ing paying an insurance company for
the privilege of insuring their lives.
Kruttschnitt made up his mind right on
the spot to beat Herrin at his own gam" 1 .
He concluded to not only repudiate h*s
i.. it,., but to demand that the money be
bad raid originally be refunded to him.
If Herrin was going to get insurance for
half price, he intended to get it for noth
ing.
When Marvin called there was no pre
liminary sparring about the value of
names and such dreamy matters that flit
through the Ht-rria head. Kruttschnitt
the life insurance man up in true
Biark Bart style. He said he absolutely
note that was then
due. and further, that he wanted every
cent he had given the insurance company
returned to him at once or he would bring
suit for the amount. He intended to hold
on to the policy because it just suited
him.
Marvin explained that he was merely
the agent of the company and had no
authority to give their policies away for
nothing, as much a? he would like to ac
commodate Mr. Kruttschnitt. He left the
presence of the general manager sans
money and sans policy. Kruttschnitt
filed a suit against the company, as he
threatened, but when the bluff did not
work the action was r.ot pressed. Mar
vin placed the matter in the hands of
an attorney, with instructions to force
a settlement or a surrender of the poli
cies.
In some way the actions of Kruttschnitt
and Herrin were brought to the attention
of J. C. Btubbs. third vice president of
the Southern Pacific- Company, which is
just one vice presidency ahead of Krutt
schnitt. He has been endeavorir:
show the men their errors and has been
trying to persuade them to Bettle for th»'ir
policies. He has asked for a few days in
which to argue the matter with them
if by that time they arc not dis
posed to pay up suits will be filed against
th< tn.
He said: "I am very much pleased
with the exhibition and am convinced
the boat can easily io all that is
claimed for it. I would rather be in the
Holland when under water than in the
engine or fire room of any of the fast
torpedo boats. I consider her ab
solutely saie."2
RHODES BECOMES A SUPERIOR
JUDGE OF SANTA CLARA COUNTY
JUDGE AUGUSTUS L. RHODES.
SACRAMENTO, F^pt. 22.— The Governor has appointed ex-Supreme
Judge A. L. Rh'ides to bo Superior Judge of Santa riara County, vice
A. S. Kittredge, deceased. Fiank Cottle was appointed Supervisor of
the Fifth District) Santa Clara County, to succeed Samuel Ayers, de
ceased.
Augustus L. Rhode? was born in Bridgewater, Oneida County, New
York, in 1821 and is 78 years of age. Notwithstanding his advanced age he
is very active and well preserved.
ROMANCE OF
THE KLONDIKE
Woman Placed in Asy
lum, Her Gold Stolen.
Dlacatcb to Tl
BUCKHANNON. W. Va.. Sept. 22.— A
woman stranded at the Valley Hotel
tells a Btranfe ■ story of a Klondike
romance which concerns W. M. Lig-
K<-tt, ;i dlrei t descendant of Sir Thomas
re Liggett is a native >>f this
county who has cleaned up $300,000 In
the Klondike. He came here last fall
■ four years' absence, and paid
much attention to Mattie Swain, a
• > .'.(!;:. bs, bui later a not!
o Jessie Mac Donald of
Pittsburg waa printed.
The nqroao at thfi Vialley House, Mrs.
!i. <;. Moore, says I a students'
boarding house for Harvard' men at
Cambridge, and has a son in Harvard
and a liau^bt- r at Vassar. Sh>- says
Bhe gave up her boarding bouse in
April, 1898, and went to the Klondike
to make money to educate her children.
hired out to Liggett and his party
7 k .. lonth, and Baj a Bhe
v. ay married t< Liggeti at Skaguay by
the captain ol th' j steamer Ora, and re
turned with him. She went to Boston
t'l see her children, and sh* 1 says she
was put in an asylum at Worcester by
her brother, who took $16,000 that Lig
gett had given h< r. She was finally
discovered and released through the ef
forts of hi r daughter .
Liggett is n< n In Kan Francisco, and
the woman is positive he will Bend her
money or come t" her ai »nee. Sh<
I her broth r (< r the money he took
and asks damages for her incarcera
tion.
INTERESTS THE COAST
Postmaster Appointed, Army Changes
and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— Owen Taylor
has been commissioned Postmaster at
Pacific Beach, Cal.
Army orders: By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War Hospital Stew
ard Milton Esterly will report to the com
manding general of the Department of
California for duty. Hospital Steward
Patrick McGloin, general hospital, Pre
sidio, Sail Cisco, will report to the
commanding general of the Department
of California, who will furnish him trans
portation to the Philippine Islands. The
following enlisted men are discharged
from the service of the United States:
Recruit George J. Rogan, Thirty-fourth
Infantry; Recruit "William Cooper, Sixth
Infantry; Recruits Cecil L. Lewis and
George W. Mi Divitt, genera] service; Re
cruits Edward Hausner, Albert D.
Hughes, Jo. M. Hays, N. 1.. Luther,
Robert Miller. Frank* J. McDaniei. Tide
Owens. William F. Robinson and Sander.
Valentine, Thirty-sixth infantry; Re
cruits Henderson Calloway Henry", James
W. Holt. Thomas Johnson and Cleve.
Owens, Thirty-seventh Infantry, Presidio,
Pan Francisco. Major Blair D. Taylor is
relieved from further duty at Fort Me-.
Pherson, Ga., and will proceed to San
Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general of the Department
of California for assignment to duty.
Private Victor Flink, Third Artillery, now
at Alcatraz Island, Cal., is transferred to
the general service. He will be sent to
the Presidio, San Francisco.
Pensions: California—Additional—Spe
cial, Kith— Ashley Chase, Pasadena, $4 to
$12. ■
Washington— Original widows, etc.—
Minnie A. Keene, Seattle, $8. I
Oregon— lncrease— August Carl, Nor
way, $8 to $12; Moses C. Thompson, Ful
ton, $6 to $8.
W. T. HUNTER PROMOTED.
Now Assistant General Superintend-
ent of California North
western Railway.
SAXTA ROSA. Sept. XL— Orders were
• 'l herd to-day by the employes of
the. California Northwestern Railway
Company stating that William T. Hunter,
who for several years has had charge of
the passenger train running between Tih
uron and T'kiah, hail been appointed as
sistant general superintt ndent of the road,
with I ers at Tiburon.
Hunter is recognized as an export rail*
road man and his elevation is a nmirm of
considerable gratificatiun to his many
friends.
Pears' soap is
dried a .whole
year. That's
why it lasts so.
NO CONFERENCE
WITH OTIS
Rumors From Manila
Unconfirmed.
«rx?clal Pisi>at.-h to The Ca
• ALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
Sept. 22. — No official confirmation has j
been received of the report that Agui- >
naldo's envoy has reached Manila and ■
that conferences are in progress be- i
n him and General Otis. Such in-
Ltion is hourly expected, however, ■
md the authorities are awaiting it with
much interest.
The Panay, which has captured the
illicit trading vessel Mundaca, is com
manded by Ensign Lansing, who was
previously attached to the Munadnock.
Lieutenant Joseph W. Osman was ;
transferred to the Mariveles from the. j
ia. It is evident from Admiral
Watson's dispatch that he is maintain
sharp watch for filibusters. The j
fact tint efforts are being made to send
In :-u<-h supplies Beems to indicate that
the insurgents have no intention of
j :• Ming.
A plan is under consideration at the
War Department to create an army di
vision of the Philippines and divide the j
division into departments similar to
that In Tuba, The idea is to create]
four departments in the Philippines, at |
i-ast three of them to be commanded I
by major generals. The Philippines
heretofore have been known as the De
partment of the Pacific. It is expected
that one department of the proposed
new division will consist of General
Mac Arthur's command, north of Man
ila; another will be General Lawton's
command, south of Manila, and a third
will be a new command to operate
from Lingayen or Dagupin. A fourth
<!■ partment probably will consist of
troops in the islands south of Manila,
which include the commands now at
. (V bu and other points.
.MANILA, Sept 22.— A party of insur
ants ditched a railroad train a mile
and a half south of Angels this morn
ing and then opened fire upon the de
railed cars from a bamboo thicket
<]ose to the track, killing two Ameri
cans ami wounding five others.
Lieutenant Lome and five of his
scouts, who were on the train, made a
vigorous defense and caused the enemy
to flee. Six dead rebels were afterward
found in the thicket from which the
rebel fire came.
General Wheaton, with six compa
nies, pmceeded. from Calulet to the re
lief of the train, but his service was not
needed.
EITHER JUMPED OR
FELL FROM A WINDOW
Mrs. Horace Chenery, Wife of a
Prominent Citizen of New York,
Meets Shocking Death.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22,-Mrs. Horace
Chenery, wife of a wealthy resident of
Larrhmont Manor, N. V., either jumped
or fell from a fourth-story window of the
Hotel Majestic early to-day and was in
stantly killed. Mrs. Chenery was 25 years
old. She had been in delicate health for
pome time and had come to the hotel six
weeks ago from her home in Larchmont
to be near the office of her physician,
who was treating her for a nervous
trouble.
At 3:30 this morning Mrs. Chenery
asked her nurse to g-et her a glass of
r. The nurse left the bedside to get
the water. At that moment h fire en
gine, clanging its bell, passed the hotel
on its way to a fire. The nurse returned
to the room and found the bed empty.
She went to the window and saw Mrs.
Chenery'a body on the pavement, seventy
feet below.
BIG COALYARD IS
DESTROYED BY FIRE
Blazes for a Time Threaten to Cause
the Explosion of a Dynamite
Storehouse.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22. -The kindling
wood and coal yard of Hencken WJllen
brock. on East Ninety-third street, run
ning from First avenue to the East River,
was wholly destroyed by lire early to
day. The East River Mill and Lumber
Company on the opposite side of the
street and a frame building two stories
high, in the rear, was also destroyed.
The sparks ll e w over to Mlllrock and
Little Island In the East River, islands
used by the United States engineering
corps for storing dynamite, which caught
lire. Two watchmen succeeded in throw
ing the dynamite into the river. The to
tal loss is $20u,0u0.
Warrimoo's Route Changed.
VANCOI YER, 13. C, Sept. 22.— The
steamer "Warrimno sailed this evening for
Honolulu, Brisbane and Sydney. She will
not call at the Fiji Islands. The reason
for the change is the decision of the
Fijian Government to withdraw the small
subsidy previously granted to the Com
pany for carrying the mpils.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1899.
GRAND ARMY VETERANS
PLEAD IN VAIN TO LEAD
THE DEWEY LAND PARADE
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— Major Gen
eral Roe, who will command the
National Guard of New York
State in the Dewey land parade,
received a telegram from Gover
nor Roosevelt to-day directing
him to give the G. A. R. the choice of
any place In the parade. Immediately
on receiving the telegram, General Roe
had a conference with Mayor Van
Wyck, and then Chairman Guggenhei
mer of the Plan and Scope Committee,
which has charge of the parade, was
notified of the Governor's disp*atch.
After pointing out that his committee
alone had the right to assign the places
in the line of march, Mr. Guggenhelmer
said of the Governor's action: "It is
peculiarly Rooseveltian. It is most im
pudent, unjustified and unwarranted
Interference in a matter that is without
his province. I do not believe, how
ever, that our committee will take any
notice of it."
General Roe declined to discuss the
action of Governor Roosevelt in ad
vance of the action of the Plan and
Scope Committee.
It is paid that Governor Roosevelt
sent his telegram under a misappre
hension. General Roe is not acting in
his capacity as Major General com
manding the State militia, bu.t as chair
man of the Sub-committee on Land Pa
rade of the Dewey Celebration Com
mittee of this city.
At to-day's meeting' of the Plan and
Scope Committee, General Roe made
the following statement:
In order that there may be no misun
derstanding. I wish to make this state
ment in reference to the declination of
the G. A. R. to take part in the Admiral
Dewey land parade: On my representa
tion, at my instigation and on my reso
, lution 1 was authorized by this committee
to extend an invitation to the G. A. R.
of Greater New Fork to take part in the
parade by having a certain number of
men selected from each post, forming a
battalion of regiment, according to the
number. 1 put myself in communication
with the State commander as soon as
possible. At the request of a prominent
Grand Army man, I wrote and asked Gen
eral O. O. Howard to take command of
this body, being assured that this waa
agreeable to the State commander. At an
! Interview b< tween the State commander,
several members of the Grand Army and
myself 1 understood that the selection of
Gt-neral Howard was agreeable. At this
sani.- Interview, after some discussion, I
inform'^ th< m that the Grand Army
would In- assigned a position in the lead
of the unarmed organizations.
At a later Interview between the com
mander in chief of the Gr. A. R., the State
commander, Colonel Goulden, and myself
practically a demand was made that the
Grand Army should have the right of lino
• .td of the column; colonel Goulden
stating that at a meeting held the day
in tore it waa the sentiment of the Grand
Army that if they could not have the
lead they would no< march. I called their
attention to the fact that it was not a
Grand Army affair, that It was a city af
fair, and that that position was not their
proper one, and said: "Positively and ab
solutely the Grand Army cannot have the
head of the column," whereupon they re
tired. At another interview the com
mander in chief, with the State com
mander present, Btated that he thought
Genera] Howard should not command the
Grand Army. I Informed him that he was
asked at the request of Beveral Grand
Army m«n, !>ut i would write and ask
General Howard to withdraw, whereupon
the commander in chief said: "That is a
simple matter and can be easily ar
ranged."
Then he asked me If I wouivi allow n
picked body of 300 Grand Army men and
myself to have the lead of the column. I
answered: "l positively and absolutely
will not authorize, any portion of the
Grand Army to be at the head of the
column." Subsequently I received the let
ter of declination.
I havt taken the position from the be
ginning that tht day was emphatically
a navy day; that Admiral Dewey and the
Bailors of the Olympia .should be in the
lead, with nothing whatever to detract.
1 have taken this stand relative to thtr
Grand Army, as I am thoroughly con
vine, d 1 am right. 1 assume all respon
sibility. 1 do not ask the committee to
approve my. action, but abide by what I
have done. I nave the honor to be a mem
ber of the Grand Army of the Republic,
George Washington Post.
The committee agreed unanimously,
up' n the motion of Mr. Guggenheimer,
to approve the action taken by General
Roe. No mention was made of the dis
patch of Governor Roosevelt.
General Roe declined to give the text
of the dispatch to the reporters. It was
decided to abandon the proposed break
fast to the admiral at Claremont on
Saturday, September 30. The breakfast I
instead will be an informal one on the
boat conveying Admiral Dewey, the
Governors of States and other guests
from Barclay street to Claremont.
General Roe reported that he had
learned that Ohio had proposed to in
crease its representation from 800 to
3000 men. He suggested that in view of
the lack of funds the committee author
ize him to announce that no more or
ganizations would be accepted. A mo
tion to that effect was made and adopt
ed. The committee then adjo.urned.
General Albert D. Shaw, commander
in chief of the Grand Army of the Re
public, has issued an address to the
public, in which he says:
The reasons given in the letter from De
partment Commander Kay and presented
in person to General Koe embodied the
views I personally and strongly pressed
upon him and which should command the
place for the comrades in the line in
question. I made this request following
the precedent? of two States. First, in
Chicago, at the jubilee parade, the veter
ans were accorded the right Of line and
marched ahead of all nrmed troops; sec
ond, on the return of the Tenth Regiment,
Pennsylvania Volunteers, from the Phil
ippines the G. A. R. had the right of line
in Pittsburg, followed by the President
and Governors and their staffs.
In the light of these comparatively re
cent parades, the latter in honor of our
gallant soldiers who served in the Phil
ippines and who possibly heard some of
Admiral Dewey's guns, I could not but
feel that the Grand Army comrades of
New York, representative of the greatest
State of the Union, which sent more men
than any other State to preserve the na
tion from ruin, were as richly entitled to
head the line of the Dewey parade as
were the comrades of Pennsylvania to
lead a similar civil pageant in honor of
our Spanish-American war heroes; and I
felt when I made the plea that the prece
dent set by the State of Pennsylvania in
having the veterans lead the line. Presi
dent McKinley and the Governor of the
State following, was one that might bu
followed without any loss of dignity to
those controlling the Dewey parade in
New York.
1 wish to add that my only desire has
been to stand for the honor and dignity
of the Grand Army and 1 know I shall. not
be blamed by fair-minded and patriotic
citizens for doing my duty in this re
gpeci as I understand it. it gives mo the
greatest pleasure to extend to Governor
Theodore Roosevelt, as commander in
chief of 380,000 veterans of the G. A. R..
my warm congratulations on the just and
patriotic stand he has taken in behalf
of the aging veterans of tho nation in
using his influence to have their fust re
quest granted that they lead the parade
In the city of New York in honor of the
great Admiral Dewey. thus assuring to
our newest veterans that when they grow
old in their turn they shall not be the tail
of any public procession.
As Commander Kay says in his letter
to General Roe, "in their own time and in
their own way, the G. A. R. . as represen
tatives of the veterans Of the Civil War,
will render the homage that they feel
for their comrade and great admiral,
George Dewey."
BRILLIANT ELECTRICAL
ILLUMINATION ON SHIPS
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— A brilliant
feature of the Dewey celebration is to
DEWEY WILL ACCEPT
THE WASHINGTON HOME
O
2o CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINQ
® TON, Sept. 22.— 1 am enabled to state on high authority that Admiral
Dewey has signified his intention of accepting the home which the peo
jj pie of the United States generously propose to give him. The admiral
0 has said that he will not accept the home as a gift to the senior officer
iS of the navy. It must be tendered as a recognition of the services he per-
Q ' formed at Manila. He feels that if he were an English officer and had
performed services worthy of the commendation of the country he would
4J have received a gift of money and title, just as Lord Herbert Kitchener
£ has been rewarded for his work in the Soudan. The admiral is very
q. grateful to the American people for his promotion and the sword voted
j» him by Congress, but he feels that he will not overstep the bounds of
<> propriety if he should accept the home which is so generously proposed
§ to offer him.
4» In anticipation of the admiral's early homecoming, the Dewey home
O fund committee is making every effort to increase the fund to $50,000
g before the admiral arrives in Washington. A meeting of the commit
- 4".' tee, which consists of Assistant Secretary of the Treasury Vanderlip,
Assistant Secretary of the Navy Allen, Assistant Postmaster General
i? Heath, Adjutant General Corbin and United States Treasurer Roberts.
•f> was held this afternoon, and upon its conclusion this appeal wrb is
•* sued:
"The Dewey National Home Fund Committee has received contri
butions from about 30,000 citizens, representing every State and Terri-
Si tory in the Union. These aggregate $27,065, exclusive of the contribu
£ tions received this morning. The fund should be increased to at least
•* $50,000 to enable the committee to purchase a home at the capital of
'■I the nation which will be a credit to the givers and a pride to the hero
£► of Manila Bay. Admiral Dewey has indicated to the committee a desire
jjjj to make Washington his permanent home. Here he will, as ranking
S officer of the United States navy, spend the remainder of his life. The
rt admiral has indicated his grateful appreciation of the intention of the
gt American people to present him a home, and he will accept it with the
<> spirit In which it will be given. The committee must have the sub
.* scriptions" before the end of next week, before the arrival of Admiral
O Dewey, and will be pleased to receive and acknowledge by the Issuance
•„* of a souvenir receipt any contribution. The home will be purchased
with what funds the committee may have at the end of next week.
q The time is now so short that the committee suggests that those who
•** desire to make an Immediate success of this work by making liberal
contributions indicate their wishes by telegraph to Ellis M. Roberts.
£> United States Treasurer, Washington, D. C, who Is treasurer of the
S fund, and remit by first mail."
.-»
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— 0n
Thursday, September 28, the
Olympia's approach will be an
nounced by the Herald and The
Call, using the Marconi system
of wireless telegraphy for the
second time in this country, the
first time being the announce
ment of the arrival of the trans
port Sherman with the California
troops on board by The Call. She
will be met at Sandy Hoo-k by
the ships of the North Atlantic
squadron and escorted to Tom
kinsvllle. Rear Admiral Philip,
commanding; tho navy-yard, will
call. There will be an official call
from General Wesley Merritt, ex
tending the congratulations of
the Secretary of "War. Then will
follow the call of the sub-com
mittee of the city reception com
mittee, requesting the admiral's
pleasure. Adtniral Dewey's
family will be sent aboard the
i Hympia on a tug provided by
the city.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
be the electrical illumination of the
fleet af war vessels on Friday and Sat
urday nights at their anchorage in
North Riwr, off Riverside Park. Every
vessel having an electrical plant will
present its own life-size portrait etched
in fire.
The signal to illuminate will be given
from the Olympia at half-past 7 o'clock
and will be obeyed simultaneously on
all vessels at the fleet. The turning off
of the lights will also be on a signal
from the Olympia at half-past 9 o'clock.
It was reported to-day from Wash
ington that Rear Admiral Howison
with the cruiser Chicago might arrive
in time to participate in the welcome
to Admiral Dewey. As he is Rear Ad
miral Sampson's ranking c-fneer he
would nominally be in command imme
diately on his arrival, but it is not be
lieved in naval circles that the least
friction will arise or that Rear Admiral
Howison will actually assume com
mand. No specific orders in reference
to this possible contingency have been
issued by the Navy Department, as it
was not supposed that the Chicago
could reach this port before October 5.
ROOSEVELT WITHDRAWS
THE IGNORED TELEGRAM
UTICA. N. V., Sept. 22.— Regarding
tho dispute as to the position to be ac
corded the G. A. R. in the Dewey day
parade at New York, Governor Roose
velt said today:
I have telegraphed General Roe that if
the matter is one purely for the city au
thorities and one in which I have no
power, then, of course, I withdraw my
former telegram. I had understood that
General Roe was acting as major general
of the National Guard in the management
Of the parade and in that event I, of
course, had the power to direct that the
veterans be given tha right of the line
and accordingly did it. If, however, as
appears to be the case, it is a matter
purely for the city officials, I, of course,
have nothing to say and no advice to
give.
SALUTE OF SEVENTEEN
GUNS HAS BEEN ORDERED
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 22.— The Gov
ernor has issued orders to the adjutant
general to fire a salute of seventeen
guns upon the arrival of Admiral
Dewey in New York.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 22.— Captain
Coghlan, commandant of Port Orchard
drydock, was to-day ordered East to
attend the Dewey reception. He was
in command of the Raleigh during the
battle of Manila Bay.
DYNAMITE PLACED
UNDER STREET CAR
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 22.— Another
Big Consolidated street car was dyna
mited to-night. The explosion occurred
on the Wade Park line in a lonesome
place near the city limits. The explosion
smashed the front wheel on one side. The
car jumped the track, ran across the
other track and was stopped in the gutter
of the street. There were only two pas
sengers and they both escaped injury.
Nobody was seen about the place where
the explosion occurred and there is no
clew to the perpetrators.
Afro-American League.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 22.— The congress
of the Afro-American League completed
its work to-day by Installing the officers
elected last night. The next session of
the congress will be held In San Jose, but
the date was not decided upon,
JOCKEY TULLET WAS
BRIBED BY A CHINAMAN
Received $30 From Ah. Chuck to
Hold McFarlane at the Post in
the Races at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Sept. 22.-The immense
crowd which journeyed to Agricultural
Park to-day saw a new record hung out.
The crash came in the final event, the
mile, and MoFarlane, who was left at the
post yesterday, was the animal to turn
the circle in the fast time of. 1:41 on a
trotting track. He has created two sen
sations up to date. The big bay was left
at the post yesterday, as Tullet pulled
him up as the barrier flew up and would
not let him go with the bunch. An inves
tigation brought out the fact that Ah
Chuck, the local ."Little Pete" and aii
round plunger, paid the boy $30 to anchor
at the post yesterday.
Sullivan outrode the other boys by sev
eral lengths and rated his mount splen
didly, as McFarlane came home with
something up his sleeve. Claudius took
the free for all trot by winning the fourth.
S.Mth'T a T nd -i 8 heats in gruelling drives
with Hazel Kinney and Iran Alto. Delphi
a local side-wheeler, won the pace, and
his owner received an ovation when he
fnnrth v""*, 6 ' £i e wire fn the lead in the
SvnHiti 16 .* I*!,TTree1 *!, TTree^ ree Bec ? nd choices and a
favorite took the running events which
were heavily played. Summaries:
re ior all trot, three in five : purse $400
Claudius, Nutwood Wilkes-
Fanny (Barstow) 2 2 3 111
Prince Gltt (Kent) . 4 113 4*
Iran Alto (Bunch) ..*] 18 2 4 I 2
Hazel Klnney (Maben) 6 6 4 3 2*
Neernut (Ford) 8 4 t
.Time— 2:12%. 2:13. 2:13*4, 2:is. 2:18 2:20
•Ruled out. tDlstanced.
Special pace, two In three, purse $300.
Delphi, by Director-Dexter Prinoe
(Whltehead) 5 18 1
I>irtatres« (Kent) '..'.'."' I 4 12
Primrose (Hoy) 16 3 3
Fanny Putnam (Jeffreys) !!.'!]!,"! 2 i 4 •
Valeria (BIgelow) 4 3 6 •
Gaff Topsail (Smith) " ( 6 t
Time-2:13. 2:13%. 2:14, 2:15.
•Ruled out. fDistanced.
Half-mile, for all maidens, purse tlOO—Slv
dell, J'aterson-Sadie Brown (VTlckllne) won
Roy M (Kelly) second, W J B (Frawley) third
Time, :80. Ethel H. Sallie Walker, Mvstio.
Coda and Kjio filly also ran.
Six furlongs, for three-year-olds and upward,
purse $125-Pea Spray. Marlner-Maranette (Sul
livan), won; Major Cnok (Cole) second Isa
helle (Dodd) third. Time, 1:16. Fred Gardner
also ran.
Mile handicap for three-year-olds and up
ward, purse ll.'O— McFarlane, Imp. Mariner-
Moonlight (Sullivan), won: Alaria (Frawley)
second, New Moon (Gilbert) third. Time, 1:41
JEFFRIES IS BACK
IN NEW YORK AGAIN
The Champion Accorded an Enthusi
astic Welcome Upon His Re
turn From Europe.
BOSTON, Sept. 22.— James Jeffries, the
champion heavyweight pugilist, arrived
here from Europe on the Dominion line
steamer New England to-day. Jeffries
was accorded a generous reception at the
dock, where a large number of persona
had assembled.
Fire Under Control.
MARYBVILLE. Sept. 22.— Word has
been received from the mountains that
the forest fire which destroyed Crane's
lumber mills and other valuable property
this week was got under control last
night. It destroyed the residence and
barn on the old Frank Leslie place and
all the fences and crops on the Gomes
Enos and Clark places. Four fires of mvs
terlous origin were put out in the same
vicinity last night.
Barn Burned.
wuuuijAivjj, sept. 22.— A barn well
filled with hay and also containing six
mules, two horses and a lot of harness
was burned on Sylvester Lawson's farm'
six milps southeast of Woodland, at an
early hour this morning. None of the
property was saved. The origin of the
lire Is unknown.
Palmer's New Herd.
"WOODLAND. Sept. 22.-H. J. Palmer is
expected to arrive in this county in a day
or two with a drove of 120 fine horses
purchased in Klamath County, Oregon.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm Bea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. *
44 D0 Not Grasp attheShadow
and Lose the Substance/*
Many people are but shadows of their
former selves, due to neglect of health.
Look out for the blood, the fountain of
life, the actual substance; keep that pure
by regular use of Hood's Sarsaparilla and
robust health nvitl be the result. Be sure
to get only Hood's, because
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$M^TWELVE FIFTY
../\T....
PAIISON & CO.'S
DOES WONDERS IN BIG VALUES
....1N....
OVERCOATS.
fAH the new colors and styles
of Overcoats for Fall and Win-
ter are on Special Sale at
$12.50. You can find the
satin-lined blue Kersey over-
coat, the tan-colored box over-
coat or the black vicuna; also
the self-lined plaid back over-
coats, such as are sold else-
where at $15 and $18— we
have them in all sizes at the
special price of $12.50.
$2.SO— SATURDAY SPECIAL!
For to-day only our $4.00 and $3.50 Blouse and Middy
Suits, in grays, tan or blue, will be sold at $2.50«
These Special Values on Sale at Our Two Stores.
paus6iT& co:;
918-922 200-204
MARKET STREET, KEARNY STREET,
Opposite the Emporium. N#E. Corner Sutter.
World-Beaters for Overcoats.
HOOTS GREET
JERRY SIMPSON
Hissed Off the Stage for
Praising Filipinos.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 23.— A dispatch
to the Journal from Wichita, Kans., says:
Ex-Congressman Jerry Simpson was
hooted off the platform here this evening
■while addressing a local O. A. R. reunion-
Mr. Simpson said:
"I glory in the spunk of Aguinaldo's
men. They are simply fighting to regain
the land the Catholics took from them.
A local paper has asked: 'Who is John
Brown's soul marching with— Otis or
Agulnaldo?'
"I believe John Brown's soul is march
ing with Aguinaldo."
Mr. Simpson said in substance that he
would rather be with Aguinaldo than with
General Otis. An old- soldier in the au
dience arose and said that the speech was
drifting too much into politics. This was
applauded and greeted with cries of
'•Throw him out!" and "Kick Simpson off
the platform!" Men and women arose and
hissed Simpson and the men kept cry
ing. "Put him out!"
Simpson appealed to the crowd to sit
down. "I am coming to my peroration."
he cried, although he had been speaking
only fifteen minutes. Cries came, "Take
your peroration to Aguinaldo."
Simpson attempted to go on, but no on©
could hear him ten feet away. The band
struck up "The Star-spangled Banner"
and Mr. Simpson left the platform. His
retirement was greeted with prolonged
cheers. ____________
SENATOR FORAKER IN
FAVOR OF EXPANSION
He Declares That the Purposes of the
Administration Are Entirely
Beneficent.
HAMILTON, Ohio, Sept. 22.— Senator J.
B. Foraker to-day delivered an address
here at the Emancipation celebration on
the Butler County fair gTounds. The
features of his address were his declara
tion for expansion. In concluding his
argument favoring: retention of the Phil
ippines Senator Foraker said:
An unhappy war is now \n progreaa. It is
costing us many lives and many millions", hut
President McKinley has announced that he has
no purpose In prosecuting It. except only to
restore order and prepare th* way for the es
tablishment in due time of such civil govern
ment as rongress may provide. When Congress
convenes all can be heard, and I have no doubt
that wise and just results will be reached.
In the meantime, so long as the war continues,
there can be but two sides to it, and only one
is the American side. Where our flag and
our soldiers are there must stand the whole
.AmorWn people.
When the end of the strife comes. If not
sooner, It will be made manifest that our pur
poses are altogether beneficent. We do not
want to oppress anybody or deprive anybody
of self-government who is capable of it. On
tho enntrary. to the fullest extent consistent
with the maintenance of law and order and the
discharge of nur international obligations and
as rapidly as possible, the Tagalos and Vlcolls
the Vlsayap, the Moros, the Begrltes and ali
the people? and tribes of that archipelago will
be advanced in the enjoyment of freedom, lib
erty. Independence and self-governnifnt under
the protection of the American flag.
THE POPE'S LETTER TO
THE BRAZILIAN BISHOP
Points Out the Value of Education
and Makes Many Suggestions
Upon the Subject.
PARIS. Sept. 22.-The Universe pub
lishes a .dispatch from Rome giving the
contents of the Pope's letter to the Bra
zilian Bishops, in which his Holiness com
pliments the Bishops on the progress
made. The Pope notes the increase in the
number of priesta and declares that it Is
necessary to still further increase the
number and to Improve existing semin
aries. He lays down rules for the educa
tion of the young clergy and points out
that they should interest themselves in
public affairs. He even advises leading
priests should enter Parliament, but says
they should do po without ambition for
themselves, acting modestly for the wel
fare of religion and the fatherland.
Methods for improving instruction are
pointed out and nopes are expressed that
the Brazilian faithful will supply the de
ficiencies. His Holiness advises each dio
cese to establish a tax for the develop
ment of education.
Baldwin Sells a Mine.
PASADENA, Sept. 22.— True to his
promises to raise money to pay his out-
Ptanding obligations, "Lucky" Baldwin of
i Santa Anita and San Francisco has sold
! his Gold Mountain mine In Holcomba
I "Valley. The purchaser Is Captain de la
' Mar, who will place In the mine this win
| ter the largest force of men that has ever
] worked there. One hundred men are now
j at \*ork. The shipping point is Victor. A
■ cyanide plant will save 95 per cent of the
: ore, which is of a low grade, and runs
! about $4 to the ton. Owing to the fact
that the deposit seems to be large the in
vestment is regarded as sure to pay.
EVIDENCE
0F...
MISERY
' v-> Ib plainly written np-
|t-^LjHv - . on the faces of women
jfTJKSSS^X - • who suffer from
iXi i -ty^iiai*/ women's peculiar all-
V'Sni^^O* "^.i mentß. Such evidence
?Ll\i>Kr*^T* l \ is readily removed by
1 r i-*bth v HUDTA N. because
M\ W~Mk HUDTAX goes to the
i _ kH.I > ", bottom of the evil—
MUW # "<■ HVDTAX cures suca
PilW 1 /, ■/ . The following ar9
'■ iiß.lßa^"- The following aro
J' ■ AlH™Bi I eymptoms that HUP-
i- ■ * fflawl'''* TAN promptly cor-
Jti3» I^Hb — rects: Pain in back
: -^Jm&Ss^^^zU. (Fie. 1). headaches or
M TegHHWHBEFT". dizziness (Fig. 2), hol-
J 'I HfsSaiU . low eyes and. dark ctr-
' .iffleJ %J. '*•■ S& c ' es uni * er eyes (Fl.t.
I dßßflfiß ! BfrTßW^ 3). pale, thin, emacl-
&tiSs&o%>s3Sß& atM fncps (Fig. -)'.
TOftßH^' impaired digestion
"^ml &B (Fig- R). HUDYAN*
cures these conditions,
. . •.. for they are all asso-
ciated with female
weakness, i HUDTAN
.... makes rich blood,
which in tarn imparts strength and a el w
of health. »
HUDTAN cures costiveness, nervousness a
tendency to faint, loss of appetite, palpitation
despondency, , all-gone feeling, sleep!.-
nausea.
HI AN gives comfort to all women who
are troubled with leucorrhoea. b«arin*-d.->\\ n
or dragging pains, painful periods, profuse cr
scanty menses, irregular periods HUDTAX
gives comfort because It cures such disorder*,.
m^Vf^li* J° a B " rglcal operation. Try
HL.DYAN first; it has saved hundreds of,
wom*n. ,-.:.;
HUDTAN;. is for sale by druggigtß-SOc a
package, or six packages for $2 50 sial *^ >J °
Jni your druggist does not keep HUDVAX,
send direct to the w«*»
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor.' Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. ,1
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS. FREE.
CALL OR WRITE. .,
O^ ELECTRIC BELTS.
>Saß6Wfl<S^aE3l3gC' Prices from $3 50 to
4«?rAy y / l }4'v'V^W(C^i $2".. Largest manu-
H^aLJ>\ , • * ll^3l facturers in the Uni-
.^UmslJtE^N&^wHAjiLf'i'w ted States.- No Quacks
/7i>Tw*"f>yJMßS!H?^ connected with this
vlVVSfiKjji^P^Wx establishment.
iSfCT ' ICy For particulars
■ -^Ifc*"" 1 " call or send 2c in
*iV* ■ stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market Si,
Ppposite Palace Hotel A S. F.MARCONI IS
NOT AFRAID OF
BIG BUILDINGS
Confident of the Success of
His System, in New
York.
YACHT RACE REPORTS
Prcgress of the International Con
test to Be tarried Through
Space to The CalL
Bpectol IMsratclj to Xbs CalL
NEW YORK, Sept. — Sißr.or Mar
ecnl did not have much time to
give to "wireless graph? yester
day. Uncle Sam's customs officials
monopolized the greater part of his
day. and after the distinguished in
ventor had climbed up and down
the steep stairway of the Custom
house half a dozen times and zone
through the formalities necessary to
get his instruments into the country,
he turned with a weary smile and Jok
ingly asked. "When does the next
steamer start for Liverpool? This Is
too much rush for me."
Nevertheless the "wireless teleCTaph
man," as he was referred to by many
who recognized him from published
portraits and who pointed him out as
he passed through the streets, enjoyed
his f 4 rst view of the lower end of Man
hattan. He was especially impressed
by the monster buildings and their
swift-moving elevators, or "lifts." as
he designated them.
He was very desirous of srettine an
idea of the country around about New-
York, especially that part of it over
which his messages will fly during the
yacht races. A trip to the top of St.
Paul's building gave him this DDor
tunity, and he passed fuily half an
hour " studying it. conferring all the
•while with his assistants.
Sigr.or Marconi saw nothing that in
his opinion wouid interfere with send
ing messages by his system.
"I am not at all frightened by your
big steel buildings." he said. "Of course,
until I saw the city and country sur
rounding it. 1 preferred to say noth
ing as to the obstacles that have been
suggested by writers on this subject re
garding the successful working of
wireless telegraphy over a great city
full of steel and iron. But now that I
am on the ground and have looked it
over I am more than ever convinced
that we will be successful in reporting
the yacht races for the Herald and
CalL
"I am also 100-king forward with
much pleasure to the experiments I am
to conduct for War and Navy depart
ments. 1 do not know exactly what we
will do. but I think some long-distance
tests will be made."
Captain Bradford of the United States
navy, chief of Bureau of Equipment,
called at the Herald office yesterday
md made arrangements with Signer
Marconi by which naval officers will
}« stationed here to watch and .report
;n the workings of the system. There
s very great interest taken in these
experiments by both array and navy
Dfncers, as the value of wireless tele
graphy as a means of communication
in time of war both on land and at sea
,s fully appreciated.
To-morrow the Italian Chamber of
Commerce will formally welcome Sig
nor Marconi to this city.
Toll House Mine Sold
rL..-\L£-l^vil.l>i., srjji. .i. — iiif lull
House gravel mine rear this city has been
sold to a mir.ir.i? company headed by sen
ator Robert N. Bulla of Los Angeles. The
purchase price was $">}.•»}. The property
comprises one hundred and sixty-eight
acres on the grrf-at grravel channel that
passes east of this city. Nearly all of the
ground purchased Is virg-in territory. The
new company will begin active develop
ment work at or.cc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bed-
Going to bed to tumble and joss and
dream; to pursue in vain the pnantom
sleep through long weary hours and rise
to a new day un rested and unrefreshed.
That is the way with many a woman, who
is tormented by the ache* and pains re-
sulting from- f«nale weakness, and other
diseases of the delicate organs of woman.
Dr. Pierce' Favorite Prescription was
made to cure just such cases and it does
what it was made for. It heals ulcera-
tion and inflammation, dries debilitating
drains, cures female weakness, strength-
ens the body, soothes the nerves and
enriches the blood. It gives lasting
strength for the day and sound sleep
for the night.
« For three yean I suffered continually. 7 " -writes
Mrs. I. ' Dennis of i- East College St.. Jack-
sonville. Ills. " I iourht relief among the medical
profusion and found none, until induced to try
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. "When I
commenced Ukin? this medicine I weighed
ninety-five oounds. It built :ne up until now I
weigh one hundred and fifty-six pounds—
than I ever weirhel before. I was so. bad I
would lie from day to .iv and long for death to
come and relieve :ny Hlfcrins;. I had internal
luflanacia: a dfsaeTerable drain, bcannK
down] - a-j.i such distress every month. Bat
noiT I never have a pain— do all ray own wort
and am ■ st-or.z an<f healthy woman. Thanks
to your medicine."
Biliousness is banished by the use of
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellet*.
£3% Ghleboter'c EacUah Cloaoat Brul. -
enkVrpyal PILLS
-G?- x Orlcl«B:oao Only twmutßG. A.
■ r^T*t>*>i «»»C. *;»»T» f^llV.t. t«Dll» "*Ht\
it ♦( \- « :■—■»:•■. Ur i?.it»-j:»r . E-niuk P-e-iSf\L
/Crcl^JiVS-,^~r. i E~,T ila U.-J til . :Lf«:.:-\W
•C\«i»ll5«'". ».i.-.4 riii o:« rlM«a. Take \y
■f« A^&'no other. /-'— -< <Lar./m.i nOtUtm- V
J"/ — f*f ■ .. .it -i- i i"«an m. iitDra^J«ti, mnllb
'its* !> "Ctll«f Tor £«<Mc*." In Utter, Wr nHW
J. fir M»IL li>.(MK>:-. wuato. Saa* Pap*.
«»rxiil.'tir»terChtj«le>ilCfc."rl«<}lv»o!»Q«i»r%
|JU *T «-'i Urti i> rc«H«u. PllK.'l'tA. i'#
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
K\KNY AND WASHINGTON Slj.- RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
O European plan. Roew. Me to SI 60 day:
Ito It week; JS to *3° menth. Free baths: hot
iT.4 oold water every room: nr« *rate« In every
c*id; elevator :-:.j all night ; .;--V - :
STANFORD GREETS HER
RETURNING WARRIORS
Boys Who Exchanged Books for the Rifle Come
Back to Their Alma Mater and Are Given a
Reception to Be Remembered for Years.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 22.
— Stanford University knows how
to entertain her heroes. From the
time the forty college soldiers
steppe* off the- train tIH the late
hour to-night when they retired
they were the recipients of as royal a
welcome as a great and warm-hearted
alma mater could give. That she is proud
of the records which- they made while
serving their country's flag they could no
longer doubt, if doubt it they ever did.
The reception committees met the train
carrying the Minnesota Regiment band
and the Stanford soldiers at Palo Alto and
escorted them over in carriages gay with
bunting. Almost the entire body of 1100
students awaited their arrival at the
"bleachers." As the buses rounded the
curve anil drove upon the field they were
greeted by the old " 'Rah! Rah: Staf
ford : >f
The following are the men whom Stan
ford loves to honor, most of whom re
turned to-day:
Switzer. Rees. Southwick. White. Al
cott. Dillon. Warda.ll. Franklin. McNeil,
Hartwell. Burnett, Smith. Corbusier. Rl
don. Evans. Sloan. Brandt. Westcott,
Townsend. Sull. Dole. Stowe. Schauck,
Ftv, L<earitt, Trumbower. Turpin. Wrig
ley", Guidery, Brace. Stewart. C. Deitrick,
H. L. Deitrick. Dodd and Emmet.
And there Is another— at least, there is
his memory. That man was known to
his college chums as Ralph Coates. He
has been among the missing since the 6th
of last April, and the- supposition is that
he was taken captive by the nat ■ - while
on the firing line.
With the boys whom he I vet to call
"his" came the gallant Major Tildeir. No
officer In the whole California Regiment
is so loved by his men as la this man.
And they told why they loved him. He
was the one who brought the emaciated
forma of the fever-stricken men out of
the hospital at Manila and put them
aboard the Sheridan on his own respons
ibility. Had it not been for Major rilden
many of the Stanford boys would not be
here to-night.
With the Stanford boys came the Thir
teenth Minnesota Regiment band. There
Is a strong bond existing between the
two reclments. for both are well filled
with college men.
After an enthusiastic practice game and
band concert the soldier boys were given
dinner In the Stanford Inn.
SKELETON BELIEVED TO
BE DUNHAM'S DISAPPEARS
Spot Where It Had Lain Is Found,
but the Bones Are
Gone.
GILROY. Sept. 22.— Sheriff R. J. Lang
ford and Deputy Sheriff W. H. Stayton
returned this afiernoon from the Pacheco
Pass country, where they have spent the
past week with young Keener an I his
father from Vlsalla, searching for the
skeleton found there by Keener three
weeks ago supposed to be that of mur
derer James Dunham. The spot where
the bones had lain was found nd unmis
takable signs of a body having laid there
for some time were visible, but the skele
ton was gone. The spot was in a very
pecluded canyon and had been overlooked
in the previous searches, although Rives
.-trrl T.nriL'ford had been within a hundred
yard 3of it.
iv« ener and Stayton found the spot, ami
the story la verified by three disinterested
parties. Sheriff Langford Is of the opin
ion that the bones are either those of
Dunham and are being held for a big re
ward or that a murder may have been
committed and the murderer fearing de
tection ar.d arrest has buried the ghastly
proof of his crime. A man was missing
from Los Banos several months ago and
his whereabouts never discovered, and
it is supposed that he was murdered In
these mountains. In the meantime time
alone can solve this mountain mystery.
■ ♦ «
NO FOG, NO DISAGREE
ABLE WEATHER
All That Is Left Behind When You
Board the Ukiah Excursion.
Train at Tiburon.
Take boat at Tiburon Ferry, San i
Francisco, 8:30 a. m. Sunday, Septem
ber 24. Round trip, $2; children, Jl.
Nearly five hours in Uklah. giving am- ;
pie time to visit Fish Hatchery. Vichy •
.Springs and other points of Interest
Every ticket sold guarantees A SEAT. :
Tickets now on sale at ticket office, 650 I
Market street (Chronicle building), and j
will be at ferry Sunday morning. I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1899.
RECEPTION TO VOLUNTEERS AT STANFORD.
At ■ :k the quad was well filled
with : • |l< wl • ■ bear the
music and esses and i be re
turned soldiers. In the east entrance two
re prettily decorated. Here the
refreshments to the
: their frlei
Dr. Jordan was the first speaker of the
evening. He said that it was the privi
z • • miversil i send a good dele
•.■ ■ n of her best material to the front
f> make history, and he was proud that
itizen soldiers, the only
kind of Boldler for which a republic has
He then welcomed back to the uni
■ . those who had left it as students
n months ago, and granted them
the freedom of the quad, the gTape path
. ble Hall.
J. E. Springer, D. D. . next spoke for
dy. "We hate snobbish
at Stanford." he said; "we are thor
oughly democratic here and are proud
that you went forth as plain private sol-
We hat..- militarism because It
means the domination of the few. The
ler whom we recognise is the
who has nobly done his duty.
"When Ralph Coates fell in the marshes
■ I ; toes it was as a pr
r, and his only requiem was the
tropic winds, When the
• • arms comes the bravest go. Now
that : back we have your cour
age and spirit again, and I ran feel that
Stanford spirit lurks in the air
-.■it."
CHARLES SUISSER
HELD FOR TRIAL
♦
Charged With Threats
Against Life.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Sept. 22.— Charles Suisser.
brother of Sheriff Farley Flayer, was
takvn into Judge Dexters court to-day
for a preliminary hearing on the charge
of having threatened the life of James
Delany. From the testimony given to
day there Is little doubt that the two
Sulsser boys threatened Delany.
The trouble commenced last Sunday
when the two Suissers abused the old
man. At that time threats were made
by both, and whether or not the man
on trial to-day was with hi? brother j
when Delany was shot at and the barn i
fired waa not allowed in evidence. No
tnony whatever that pertained to i
George Suisser was allowed to-day.
When the defendant was on the stand
he several times made slips of the
tongue and gave evidence which may
prove damaging 10 his brother when he ,
is tried on the murder charge. The
elder Suisser when on the stand be- i
came quite excited. He has a violent !
temper and displays the same brag- j
gadocio air as his brother.
After hearing the evidence the mac- '
latrate held Suisser under a heavy
b ad
Excitement over the foul murder of
Sheriff Farley has by no means sub
sided, and all the Suisser family are I
subjected to unpleasant nrdeals and :
are being carefully watched by the of- I
fleers.
The stories current both here and in ,
San Jose that George Suisser will plead
temporary insanity are discredited by i
Corporal John Switzer spoke for the sol
dier?. "We are happy to be with you
and cannot tell you how we appreciate
the reception to-night. In Manila we had
to give receptions to ourselves. People
have said that we criticize too much. If
they would give us less excuse for criti
cism there would be less. Dr. Jordan
said that the boys who went to the front
went up against the real thing. Those
who got hold of any of the beef certainly
did."
In closing. Corporal Swltz«r paid a deep
tribute to Major Tilden. terming him a
man in the army as well as out.
Major Tilden being called on, said that
he had been a Stanford man ever since
Dr. Jordan had become Its president. 'He
had forty Stanford soldiers in his com
mand and knew the stuff they were made
of. "I know a University of California
man," he said, "who wore the cardinal
with pride on the day that the First Cali
fornia Regiment sailed from San Fran
cisco. I am proud that the Stanford men
went as volunteers, for I fear that if
some of the officers I have seen down
there had to go as volunteers they would
never go. I have been asked if the col
lege man made* a good soldier. As an
answer I can refer any who doubt it to
the records of the young fellows I had
the honor to command."
One of the pleasant features of the
evening was the open air concert fur
nished by the Minnesota band, which
was a special guest of the university.
his own statements. Mrs. Suisser yes
terday received a letter written by him
in the San Jose Jail. It is as follows:
"Dear Mother— l have got you in lots
of trouble. But don't worry about me.
I did not want to kill Mr. Farley. I
wanted to kill Mr. Allen. Will you
come up here and see me? Jim
Church hap got my shotgun. I left the
rifle on the porch."
The Board of Supervisors will meet
in special session on Monday to appoint
a Sheriff to fill the vacancy caused by
Farley's death. There are numerous
candidates for the position, but it is
presumed that N. R. Keef. deputy un
der Farley, will be appointed. Mr. Keef
was the friend of Mr. Farley since boy
hood, and it was he who captured the
murderer on the eventful nierht and
drove around the county all night with
him in a buggy. Keef's chief opponent
is Harry Gordon of Monterey.
PORTO RICAN EXILES
REACH SAN DOMINGO
Their , Return Creates Enthusiasm
Among the Populace and They
Are Well Received.
PAN DOMINGO. Sept. 22.— A warship
from Porto Rico with forty political exilra
on board arrived here to-day. The return
of the exiles aroused much enthusia^-n
anr-i.g the populace. The decree of ih-
Government fixing: October 6 to October
8 for the primary elections and providing
for the meeting of the electoral college
during the last week of October, although
a revolutionary action and against the
constitution, has been well received. The
Government's action was ratified by a
popular demonstration, the crowds cry
ir.cr "Down with the constitution. "
There was apparently no opposition to
the decree. Officers will be elected for the
full term, four years. Jimenes is the only
candidate for the Presidency of the re
public.
TJnknovm Man Found D?ad.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 22.— An unknown
man was found dead to-night in a room
at the Klondike lodgring-house In this city.
He retired last night about 9 o'clock, arid
ai 7 o"clock tc-nlarht the door to his room
was forced and the body was found.
EXCURSION PARTY OF
ELKS IN A COLLISION
Southern Pacific Train Crashes Into
a Freight in the Yards at
Santa Monica.
SANTA MONICA. Sept. 22.— At 2:39 this
afternoon ar. excursion train carrying be
tween two and three hundred members of
the order of Eiks coming from ho~ An
gela to picnic on Santa Monica beach,
while running at extra speed on a down
grade, collided with a yard engine and
three box cars on the Southern Pacific
track Just inside the city limits and
within the railroad yards.
The excursion train was In charge of
Conductor Johnson and Engineer Ca'.d
well. There is a curve just beyond where
the catastrophe occurred, so the engineer
could not see the ojher engine until it
was very close. The engineer. Charles
Morgan, on the freight engine, called to
Fireman Fred Bassett and both Jumped.
Their engine was moving slowly and they
were not injured.
Engineer Caldwel! of the excursion
train also jumped, but was badly hurt,
both his legs being badly mangied. He
TAMASESE WEDS
A NATIVE GIRL
Affairs Generally Quiet
in Samoa.
Special Correspondence of The CaJl.
APIA. Samoa. Sept. S.— Since the last
up mail steamer matters nave been very
quiet in Samoa. From time to time there
have been languid effort? U spread
abroad a mild scare or two as to the sup
posed intentions of the Mataafa party by :
persons interested in keeping up the ex
citement, for the purpose of embroiling
America with Germany and bringing
about a situation where the agitators
would profit. Mataafa has recovered his
health and is quietly recuperating at
Amaiie. the wonder and admiration of
most of his countrymen.
Tanu i.= not to be heard of. but has
probably joined the other boys of his
• . King of other than kingly
•
A few days ago Tamasese. according to
. ran off with a native
girl of - rable rank, and on the id
fnst.. her friends consenting, they were
married ir. pr.-at s:\le at Vaimoso. one
of the suburbs ->f Apia, about aii of the
- ts Of Apia bf-ing in
ttend. A great feast was held
immediately after the ceremony. Two
I ; ips anci 500 chickens and
pigeons graced the table.
Work on the great coaling station at
Pago-Pago !s progressing very si
to the fact that no solid b >t1 m
has l • : ■ i tor the imr.T -■
- That are to be used. Most of the
men brought down from San Francisco
for this work are now idle, and it is
doubtful when they may be set I i work
claimed that or. the original lines
laid down no good job can be made, and
the engineer in charge ha-s communi
cated with the T'r.lted States, asking for .
Permission to alter the original plans ma
terially. The general health of the men
is fairly good and will likely continue so
until the bad season comes around.
Judge Osborn. who has been acting as
Chief Justice of Samoa, has so far given .
eminent satisfaction, and it is a very
doubtful matter if a better selection could
be made to fill that office permanently. ■
So far not a single complaint has been
made or talked of concerning bis man
agement of a very difficult and sensitive
tion. during a period when personal
ns have been exceedingly high
strung. His clean and careful adminis
tration of the consular office seems a
U ■ ■• • that in his present higher
he will not be found wanting.
The average life of a note of the Bank
of England is a little less than seventy
days. Notes are never reis-
B "Show me a store that pleases its custom- V
U ers and I will show you a store on the road to \
H success." \ I
H We intend to please every customer, and \ I
we will do it it he will allow us. \ k
g We will give him samples until he finds one \ j|
that pleases him. \ a
1 The suit will very likely please him in fit, ll\
make an.i fni.h. j m. 1
i A year's repairing free will surely please Lj^
him. <£&
| But if he is not pleased with the suit he
y must make his complaint and we will return his
money if he will take it.
Ought no: that please him ?
IS. N. WOOD & CO., I
718 Market St. and
Cor. Powell and Eddy.
wnilliliilDiiiiiitiiiiiiiinHittniiiimiiiniiinininniiunniiiinnmiiinniiiuTniiiiinmiinniiiniiniimi;i
OVER 6,000,000 BOXES SOLD YEARLY. \
Thereason Bl^^^L^-^'^ !! B i! Havebeen I
is simple K@fi£*ilfl|fl @ PS IQ tried for
asABC BSSyilCliSlS i iilS 50 years. \
There is a reason for everything, and the reason for the popularity of Beecham's Pills *
is, that they fill all the requirements of a general antidote for ALL BILIOUS AND :
NERVOUS DISORDERS in a more satisfactory manner than any proprietary medicine ;
ever placed before the public. Beecham's Pills are brought before your notice, and, :
whether you require them or not— if not today, you may tomorrow— when the necessity !
arises you should, in your own interest, take them. The reason for their need is often :
best known to yourself, but be that as it may. you will show good judgment by taking s
them in reasonable doses, and doing so is as simple as A£ C. ■ :
The enormous sale of Beecham's Pills has been achieved without the publication :
of testimonials, the fact being that Beecham's Pills recommend themselves. =
Sold everywhere, in boxes, 10 cents and as cents each. •
was unconscious when picked up and the
doctor fears he has concussion .of the
brain.
The three box cars back of the freight
engine undoubtedly saved many lives. The
excursion engine was broken in two and
telescoped into one of the box cars. The
excursionists were badly shaken up and a
number bruised. The wife of Conductor
Johnson was struck by flying timber but
not badly injured. She had Just changed
her seat and the one she left was crushed
into fragments.
Some of the frightened passengers
jumped from the windows and It is simply
marvelous that so few were injured. A
box car caught fire but was quickly ex
tinguished. A wrecking engine sent down
a little later ran into a part of the wreck,
but did little 1 damage.
The excursion train had right of way.
but the men in the freight engine had not
been notified of its coming.
RESIGNATION OF
SHELL ASKED FOR
Charges Presented to;
the Conference by
Epworth League.
Dispatch t:> The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept EL-rAt this morn
ing's conference of the Methodist Episco
pal church the question as to whether
Rev. Edwin A. Shell, general secretary
of the Epworth League, should be asKed
to resign his position was debated. The
report in which the conference was rec
ommended to ask for Rev. Mr. Shell's
r -icr.ation was submitted by he lip
worth League committee and was sub
jected to a general overhauling by mem
bers of the conference before it was
finally adopted. The report stated that
the number of active members is 4o>"\
members S>>J and juniors 3500.
The report indorses the appointment of
H. W. Waltz as field secretary for the
- le and requests that every Friday u e
n over to Epworth Leagn:-=- work.
During the debate on the report the
story of Rev. Mr. Shell's alleged unoffi
cial conduct was gone into. Charges were
made before the conference, to which he
belongs, that he had used his official in
fluence to servr personal end? in ■ ■
ing into a contract with Hymn-writer
Excell to assist in the sale of the latter'a
■"Songs For Young Penpie." provid
ed Excell would give him part of the roy
alty. As the contract was secret many
persons believe that Shell was guilty at
least of a grave indiscretion in appro
priating money thai should have gone
into the treasury of the Bo*">k C I
and finally into the fund for the support
of superannuated ministers.
Other members of the Methodist confer
ence say that the Book Concern did not
suffer a loss by the contract, but that
Excell was to have paid Shell out of his
own money. However this may be, a ma
jority of the ministers assert that Shell
was looking out for his own interests
rather than for those of the church, and
declare that he is not a fit person to be
at the head of the Epworth League move
ment.
VERY FAST MILE.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 22.— Searchlight,
the great son of Dark Night and Furor,
did a remarkable mile here to-day. The
time was 2:02. J. H. Bronsnn O» New-
Haven. Conn., gent him agains: the
world's record of 1:59\». Owing to a stiff
breeze, at times almost a gaie. the big
fellow failed on the record. However, he
equaled the record, of the year.
The mile by quarters was :3D4, 1:01, 1:31.
2:02
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
[no
MORE
I UNION-
CONSOLIDATED
STOCK
At Any
Price!
if The developments in the
i I affairs of this company daring
I the last forty-eight hours have
I decided the Board of Directors
: I to withdraw our stock irom the
: I market. Our expert has just re-
| I turned from the inspection of
•; I oil properties, which have been
j I found so valuable that, when
I B added to the present holdings of
! I this company, will more than
I I double the value of our stock.
j I We can now guarantee to be
j I selling oil in the San Francisco
! B market inside of ninety days.
I PERMANENTLY
I WITHDRAWN.
The first idea was to imme-
j I diately withdraw the shares
I I without notice, but it was fin-
I I ally decided, in justice to those
j I who have been in communica-
I tion with us. to set Saturday,
I September 23d. midnight, as the
I time of withdrawal. Applica-
I tions received up to that time
! I will be filled at S5 per share.
j I After that time positively not
I one share of the Union-Consoli-
I dated Oil and Transportation
I Company's stock will be again
I offered to the public at any price,
I Union-Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
322-323 PAREOTT BUILDING,
; M SAN FRANCISCO.
| | OAKLAND OFFICE:
■ i 460 TENTH STREET.
; OFFICES OPEN EVENINGS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
amerTcaTfire
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF SEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
IS9S. and for the year ending on that day. as
: made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
Of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash 1400. 000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ....
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $14.600 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 973,712 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 35,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 841 S«
Cash in Banks 76.852 24
Interest due and accrued on all
I Stocks and Loans 4,499 S3
i Interest due and accrued on Bonds
[ and Mortgages - MO
| Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 140,199 07
Bills receivable, net Matured. . taken
| for Fire and Marine Risks
| Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. ?70 23
Total Assets $1.843.753 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid {25.180 27
; Losses in process of Adjustment or
: in Suspense J4.72S 57
Losses resisted, including expenses. 4.853 03
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $469,471 27;
; re-insurance 50 per cent 234,735 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $250.-
SB»J2; re-insurance pro rata 148. 415 M
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, i ;
re-insurance 100 per cent :
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, { : re-insurance 50
per cent
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 30,752*5?
Total Liabilities _ ..... 3477.030 32
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $559,951 31
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 73 00
: Received for Interest and dividends
I on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources v 33.728 II
Received from all other source*.... 126 IS
Total Income $329. S«0 78
EXPENDITURES.
', Net amount paid for Fire Losses
i Occluding $30,006 50 losses of pre-
; vious years) $330,136 OS
' Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including — — ; . losses of
| previous years)
Dividends to Stockholders
! Paid or allowed for Commission or
I Brokerage 128.722 »
I Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
i charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 53.111 74
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 19.955 69
All other payments and expenditures 40.10* IS
Total Expenditures »57*.831 35
J.OVU ~ ■
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year 352.577 63
Risks and Premiums. ! Fire Risks. Premiums.
. Net amount of Risks!
written during the) j
year U36.355.955 $853.500 37
Net amount of Ri.'ks
expired during the - .'■: ?.
year 121.926.167 835.674 43
' Net amount in force;
i December 31, 1«55....| 105.402.434 1 720.051 9*
80. F. A. TOT-NG. President.
WALTER S. ALLEY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23th
day of February- 1*». GEO. H. COREY.
Commissioner for California in New York.
L. B. EDWARDS, Manager,
323 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
34
■■MI^__»____B_W_W«______J__-_-__----_^ «___-____■» _■■__________________,
f^t^^# f yfj S SAN FRANCISGO, j
f SAN FRANCISCO,
J^S^t /7S% OAKLAND, ALAMEDA j
♦ / h^j I ••clIlCLo l
f SY\ y\m ' j ALL CALIFORNIA.
f •\\ yv® all calif°rnia-
V ft _3BM__»__™_B_______5&ie_tf^^
/ @l |^^ _r^ KNOW:
/ A\^/^\J^ KNOW:
/ #V ill _/ That from September 23 to October 1
/ /\ ©\ k >/ That from SePtember.23 10 0ctober *
fir «7 « " ' ' '■■—' trek, *
/ | i §1 rW/ a package of the H-0 Co;'s
t \ \ t] P**-^ a PackaSe of the H*° Co,'s
\ \ I ©\ J Pancake Flour will be given
\ \ I ©\j" Pancake Flour will be given
\ \ T^^^^^Bk t° each purchaser of
I \ free to eacl1 purchaser of
1 V U-0 (Hornby's Oatmeal)
«*T^\ a* the Groceries mentioned below
f//S j\ \ 7" | Bililk The Pancake flour is especially seasonable, being a
J^ mixture of rice, wheat, corn, etc., combined with pure
j^yf j^ mixture of rice, wheat, corn, etc., combined with pure
_/£/ wU. . H WSi leavening:. The recipe is simple, inexpensive, con-
leavening. The recipe is simple, inexpensive, con-
M0m^lW£^ venient. Like everything else we manufacture, perfec-
Weinman" F., Eaguna and Filbert. Calistoga. Hoover. C. M. T oVori. " c;„„,i.,™n-» r. r->
-■ . . Wreden C. Clay and Mason. Crockett Lasell, L. M. & Co. Lakeport ....Scudarnore ft Co.
Wrleht & Gaw 206 6th. Carbondale Smith, Mrs. J*'1'-- Thomson ft Beckman
' wftf. hJ.iSacramento6tand Broderlck. Steele. E. J. £» Gates ~W " & S°on
M: ••.'-• : i.v'A^.Vv''. W.V-V. : •ri-.V.'.- xgtfP*^ Wolking, H., 4th. near Brannan. Cloverdale s-haw ft Connor £°? Gatos Darnoai. u & . n
&?:i.":C;HSl''---*W Wohler J F. H.. Treat avenue and 21st. . Cloverdale...' Wambold. D. M. -os Gatos i earce. j. „.
f^^fcf"" _^«^m^^^^ __P^' ,\" •» ..v. *,*,** ' ', ■"*"•", ',* i "•'■*.'.'• »*''"' ',**'* " • • * • *'"\sm^r Woebcke & Von 206 6th. Ellis & Leavenworth. _.fltrt')*^ri(lfi.i© .^rnitn, _ r*'t- Jfi, t> -•-* w t <■
JR^':'-'y/A''\^''^ Wolkine H 4th n--ar ' Brannan. Cloverdale Shaw &' Connor | *• Ddrneal W A >_<n
J^^$5§i$$j^&$£20^^ WohlSfj F. I! Tr,« avenue and 21st. Cloverdale Wambold. D. M. 1*» Gatos Pearce. J. H.
W -iK-ko A Von Staden. Ellis & Leavenworth. J^,
J^/^^^-I:^^^^^ too a TV for classification. __^ui.:::::::::::::::::::::^5^c__^_.re MallRa!!.\\\\\\".'.'".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.Darii.':ig'.' A.gpT'& Co!
Af.y.i\\%-yA-;..'\%':}-'-.\\\^j^ TOO LATL ±OK OLAbOlJ: J.^-_.XJ.Ui.\. Davlsville Tuffs Cash Store \i.mjne;r La=e!l E M ft Co
r^^^^^^;::^0^^fi::/M^ Earner. William. 2598 Howard. V^vH^'an" lA1,1,en-^W' S' 'v/ilton..:'.".".'.'.'.'.".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.".'.'.'.'.'... .^..DonneV. H. H
£v?W»?^?f;'.'. .';;-;.-, •'-■-'••'••'•'•.• '•-•'••'.••''•'-'•; Berendsen. J., Fulton and Devisadero. rS!?i._^ ',; V,lb- '"\:L" Mlddletown Piner, C. S.
B;:.'::;::.:-::::'-v:.V-::::v.Vv.'.V'.V:-_^^ Blohm Bros.. Halght and Steiner. ' Dunmgan Rummelsburg. Ale* Modesto Gilbert. I. E. ft Son
fr^V^•.V-•.^'•:'■:-:•.••■•••V;^•^V-:^v•/.v.•jdF Borgfeldt. ' C J., Kills and Mason. Delano.... Thomas. Ben Modest.. Mann, W. S.
g^';:^;.V^^'.;^//•'.^'•'.•^''■;:^^\'•:•:•.•^;^r Bull winkle. H. G., Polk and Eddy. _, • Modesto Modesto Labor Exchange
S/V:^'^•-.'^•^•V.•^'•''V^•V^•v7.•V.w(r Dasman. William, 1701 Howard. -c" Montpelier Keeley & HcBride
r*. g::^^"i^>^.•"••;.:;.•v■;.v.•Vv^ Dyer, W. .T. A Co., 1807 Fillmore. Elmira Allison, O. H. Murphys Stephens Bros.
%3&k. 5 '•'■-»'' "':';'' '''■■"•';•":':'■■■■•' ''.''•'•Jff Fa'.k, J.. Van Ness avenue and Grove. Edgewood Cavanaugh. E. B. -m-
\f^kS^/^''-^y''''--':'-':^:-'jF Gasque, H. F, Sutter and Broderl' k. Elk Creek Friday ft Gibbs ■"*
_BX-fflC^B__^'.^?'.^V__' Glrech. Paul, Sacramento and Walnut. Elk Creek Knight Bros. Napa Andrews & Lambdln
_0M.Vt9 Hans & Summerland Stockton & Greenwich. Eugene Kelleher. D. E. Napa Horstmeyer, H. C.
jRv%''''*'% Hauser, J. J., 431 3d. Easion Rowell & Johnson Napa McClellan. J. A.
s&h':'".', •'.'; •'« J? ""r~_— ' Helms, J. E. A., 17th and Howard. Napa Roper Bros.
-_tfKv-:iY"««l5jr .*e3??& ?>w. ' Jacobsen, Andrew, 21st and Folsom. F. Napa Thompson, Beard ft Sons
_3#r*^'-V.'.;.v '-'.'.V-.V-W _^^-'-'-*',v'i]2afc Hencken. H. & M.. McAllister and Franklin. -^ BraK(r Jefferson * Dfron -N'aI':l Proctor ft Barr
/&%■•■■ :••: •:.'.;-.:: ;::Ty^vV.V.;.^B_e*>. Hoist. Fred. 001 Point Loboi avenue. *°« »™ &__!"_____? __S__5 Newcastle.. .J Hofman, P. F.
J&^?.ft;;--^>i^J.^v//-*r Kaiser. F. A.. McAllister and Webster. ...Ino \_iine m I North Branch Meaner, James
m.:^i^:'A^;iiU:f^^:ll::isSL Melnert. John T., California and 4th avenue. Fresno".'."."..". I'Vrti. ' \ C\
IZmi^mW^m^ Mohr ft Steffenj. Pacific and Polk. ' I-r.-s^.'.-.-.-.-.-.-..".-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-."".-.-.-^!^-^ & Marshal °"
*.-.'.-:.::-:'':.'-..':::;:-:. •.'.•.•',-•.•. Mohrmann <v Meyer, i. 43 Ellis. Fresno Bo<=tick N \ Oakvllle Bocth. J. M. & Co.
tt;''^':V::':->"-//.v'>-':^:V'.':V;"-.^;-^V'/.::^ ■ Fau,M- Gu,s,' Fulton & Laguna.. Fresno Dorsey. 'Robinson & Co'. Oakdale Barkis. E. L.
fe%"'.:-:,<C->-.'.v>\^'-i-"-".v.<->;.-.\V-.-;Av Paulsen. Herman, Eddy And Dcvlsadero. Fresno Fraga I L Oakdale...., McCabe, George T.
-k^.-.--- •-.-■•■-.•■ ■'.•■ .■•■•■.•■•■■■•■••■-..■.-■-■-■| Salomon N., Geary and Scott. Fresno Fresno Co-operative St,. Oakdale Thomas, B. F.
liTf'-''-'"'''' " ":"'z ■"•' •'■•■'- ■'-•^*-t* W~-''i !--~^-_-_ Schmidt, Henry, Fulton and V. ebster. Fresno Graff II & Co Olema Martinelli. A. ft O.
*■-*■ •««_::?;.••:.':.••;•.• : V: : :'.' v'- '•."'.v.'.v •.:-';v.v'-''vX'/-'-'-'-'^_| Bchonfeld, L., Cough and Fulton. Fresno Hague. B m' Jr. A.- Co. Overton Overton Mercantile Co.
■■•'■■.'•'•/•■• '••''-■•' '■'■■■■•• •.'■'•'.'• ::•*•■-•".•-■•"••. i '•;•"• •'.'* Schroder. Claus & Son. (lough and McAllister. Fresno Hall I <; — ,
•■ Schroder, J. H. Jr., Webster and Washington. Fresno Holland & Holland *'
Trefz, Adolph, Pacific and Larkln. Fresno Kutner.-Goldsteln Company pa]o Alto Fuller _ Co.
•'••>•! -^-J '-*' »llTn ' *"'!». J. Sacramento and Broderlck. Fresno Manley & Glasgow Palo Alto Black J C
:, I II Ill-Ill Wahrmann . H. A. , 6th and Harrison. Fresno Melvin ft Blaney Pacific Grove Norton, J. B.
_ We smann. L. M.. IMl T nirni. FTesno Obradovich « t. \\. ■•-^,.« ot„i„OP A T
SAN FBANCISCO. • - - nods _ Ateera, «th and Clara. Peters & wa.dau. 3467 19th. . Bchnltaa. H. A.. Fell and Laguna. . r^^.:v.v.v."\Y:::::;::::::::::::^^:it: iV I™ « grr0°;:ee :::•:;::::::.•::::::s.^otetr• it' F
__.„ xx_o_^^j.ovw Herman, Geary and Mason. Phillips & Mal.c. 227 Powell Schultze. H. A. Ml I_rkin. Fresno . .... Pier- on irn ' \.a?^Ur'%e Pattee j W
Abrahams, J W.. S_ Geary. Heineeke Bros. 18th and Collingwood. Puttoek, Jirs., 2nd and South Park. Fresno Robbwon <' I Saloma Vit:„ n
ish and Larkln. ;,Ki Dick, 2641 Folsom. Raschen & Co., Ellis and Laguna. OAKLAND Fresno Blma Br. < Pescadero ...ive\> Bros.
Allerman. Charles, Bush and Larkln. Hennlng. Dick. 2641 Folsom. Raschen ft Co., Ellis and Laguna. OAKLAND Fresno Sims Bros V,e^ca,Ier0 m'™.'™!? ? /?'
Aipers. George. 5th md Clara. Hencken . Martin. Hyde and Green. Rathjen Bros.. 21 Stockton. . wa_J_Ni;. I Fresno Wakefield H f' P««»der0 e-.H" ''Tit 5^-
Aldrieh, E. K.. 3043 16th. Hegerhorat. John, Bush and Pierce. Relmer. Julius, Jones and Greenwich. I. N. Adams Llndbers, Fred O. fresno ...\\ aketield. H. F. petaluma Gallagher & Murphy
Arnold Bros.. 21st and Valencia. ■ Heise. J. D.. ,16th and Valencia, Rlechers, F. W., Earkln and Eddy. Agard & Co. Latimer, J. T. Co. Q Petaluma Hemmlngway ft McAllister
Armstrong. W. H., 1723 Market. Hink, C. J.. Oak and Laguna. Rippey. J. H. 24th and Bryant. AJello, F. Martin. J. C. Petaluma ...Nauert Bros.
Brandt. John. 5M San Jose avenue. Hf.ns, E. J.. McAllister and Webster. Ring Bros ISth and Castro. Anderson & Co. ! Mage.rstaladt. Q. >JaltV, V, •••...........Brewster, J. petaluma .....Roach. Thomas
Bray ft O'Connor, Oak and •'.•ugh. Hoecker, H. Polk and O'Farrell. Rlppe V 16th and Howard Ainsworth Bros. Marcottl, F. A. xffelle Denny-Bar & Parker Company pieasanton..". Dltjens, George W.
Brandt. C Oak and Octavla. Hohm, Herman Eddy and Buchanan. Robbers ft Bulfs 1954 Howard Rail, N. A. Mason & Co. G.,roy Finny, L. pieasanton Hortenstein Bros.
Baden. J. H. C, Fell and Ix^isadero. Horwltz & Conn, 1716 Market. • Roehr Wm 14th and Howard' Batchelder. W. F. Meyer, N. S!,,r?yT';.V. ..........Mullen, J. M. point Reyes Grandi, S.
Blake. J. F.. Valencia, near 21st. Holms Henry. 28C5 Mission. Reason John Port [Buchanan Behrlnger. C. C. McMillan * Cox Gold Hill.... Nichols. George E. port Costa Ulan, A. M.
Brandt ft Robohm. Ellis and Stockton. Hoffman. Louis, Eddy and Leavenworth. Romberg' Grocery Co Mason and Bush Crego, H. B. McDowell, W. J. _. . _
Becker. D. ft Co.. Sutter ft Leavenworth.. Hoger Bros., Turk awl Hyde. C-e 1 Co i-.'F-.rr.'-ll and I Hyde Cook. F. B. Parker, 8. H- B,.
Becker. C. H. Fulton and ii'rv'; • Huckfeldt 11.. 8th and Howard Robinson _ Knox, 900 Valencia. '. Conahrens. J. Pedrini. C. A Co. Half moon Bay Levy Bros. Redwood City .'... Chamberlain, P. p.
Beckman. William. t,,h and .Bryant. Inselman. H. I. C, 3rd and Silver. Robinson ft Knox 1808 Market. Clone.,. J . Peterson. C T. I|..a!dsl,urg Byington, C. T. Pending De Lano, J.
Brlnoknian Bros , Geary and Jones. Irvine Bros.. £70 Howard. Rohd" E ft Co. 1003 McAllister rnegdon, J. H. Peterson. H. Healdsburg ....Bledsoe. L. Redding I. X. L. Store
Bose M II.. 122 nth. Irvine Bros., 308 4th. . Si 6 L 3039 18& Davis & Patton Rheln C. E. Healdsburg .' Ellis, Ed Redding McCormick-Saeltzer Co
B^Jfe*__*WK'~ bss IS.: '^TS.1"- ___;__?*__--■ BcaV i=™ * •- __S_7«r______S3gBsaE |^'_:::::::::::™_t__«5HB ch-
=%£^rx^™- i»r#%'r^a%^ __S__W___SER IS?^6" :£r5'J asS:::::::::::::r.''"'.'._*_H'i*'ff/r-.' f,S:::=::SS':,e
' "-""*• :::"•,;:„;.■ _**• g^jf?-* . ~3?S K"" Ssri__- KSSa VSV' i;- •_»•»> ■■ b,„k, lo™
BulotU. John. Bl .;,,■,.-?;.•'.;; t ,4-^ or Salomon. N. 2K'2 Geary Ft. K ingeherg. F. Turn Su den. H. lf.rn brook inWP\ Th.-^L Santa Barbara Cornwall, Thomaa A Son.
Bulottl. John. Bush and Steiner k To ]■' "?nl w, Ham«on Salomon N. 2102 Geary at. Kllngeberg, F. Turn _uden. . H. Hornbrook "........ ........." ' Jones •mmmaa Santa Barbara Cornwall. Thomas ft Son.
S^iS.^^tt"' |e.^y Vj^1^£Jd^|adero. - B Oak and Franklin. &£?$* Voice & Koertner o^::::::::::::..Royai'cA^1|^ f^SS^^^^^SS^V^
Carrtensen. J.. 2^th and Mission. KretL nsr -"-o" 30th a_f Ch" ' Strathman. Henry. 1st and Folsom. Leber. W. E. Holster " Grangers l'i ' , Santa Barbara ■ Show & Hun|-
Krebs P 2 .Church. Strathman. Henry, let and Folsom. Hoi^er Jose P Santa Clara Fat.;, •■
f^_^'j^H^ehth^ndHHSXn Kel.y.' D.'.' Eh an" Church. *!§.£ |^» f-^hurch ALAMEDA. . So!K::::::::::::::::.".\\\\\\\wagner &S!haw |an Mateo Levy B ros.
Sl^rs^: JJ'. %^p:^^^, g^j 5ffl%!^ St0Ckt0n' ' &_?_£_,--__ ' Alton ft Son Montgomery ft Co. _^"e^-i^^^E_SE=______^_
Clausen C 23d and .'-P^ SffiV »fc-2. Elmore and O'Farrell. gg«{«». gjL^S* 'knd Noe _ffiS^ro-- PraU^J "l. ' aJSS" I" IHumboldt0 Manufictu'rln^g Hom^n ' g» Bjgg Martens. D. W. ft Co.
sr i)| S=^ SfeT-aa, K_v Bft Sl_____3_#i _==E==___&2
Coli.r. M . -" Hon. ,_ r?'l' S •,.;:»„, t' Segelken, H.. Uth and HowarA. ga»l«. C.A. Shead . I\ L. Peatrice A ™ i \' San Leandro Herrache" Joe
B^i^^r^ Knoop, H., and Jones. Sohenkberg A. Sutter and Broderlck. . Hauch. H. & Co. Warnke , L. • laPS^Tl^AlnlrB ISSEEEEE^S^i
Cronln. Mrs. Mary. 29th and Sanchez. Knoop. H., 'Geary and Jones. Sohenkberg. A. Sutter and Broderlck. Hauch. H. ft Co. Warnke.L. . *^aJJlce vii; t Shaws Flat Cardinelll F
Co?emanf H.. 134 6th Kroeneke,LJ.^18th and lMte»lon. Stegeman' R.. '148 7th. Mitchell AW .WuUen, R. j ;;;;•;■• V."V/.-.;;;;;;;;;;;;;:'; [y b^^'d Seb^topoU...... V^rroVghs: Charles
Corcoran. T. II.. 23d and Valencia. Roster A' Jackson and 'I*' Btelltog. John. 443 Geary. Morns. George T. r • • g^r^a ' " J .-J I.; ................... rell' A Selma Kutner-Coidstein Co
Cosgrove Bros.. 26th and Folsorn. Knnbel. J.. lfith and Sanchez. Steimke. William. Devisadero and Oak. -RKHICTT FY Eureka Cormlck G M ft Co Selma Orr D „ -ft B
Crowe ft Hutchison. 3rd. near Folsom. Lawry.iT.; -Ut3_V_aoin. Slem Bros., ISth and Valencia. U^i*_.J_-.liX. gureka A C Dannhlnv ft Co' Selma ...Rkelton ' Rj
Cordes. B„ 15th and Sanchez. Eackman. H. Broadway and Leavenworth. siemers, J.' D.. 22d and Guerrero. Congdon, J. H. I McClain. Jsk g^g !'. .:'.'..'.. _5__To» J & Sema . . .. .............Scott welter
(luff. W. B. & Co., 17 Oth , Levin Bros. Inc.. 1348 Market Smith's Cash Store. 25 Market. Congdon. M.S. Salsberger. J. Eureka' ' Hinch Thomas Selma WasgattAB
Davids ft Kiwnolie. P^aid?^ '^ en haj. Ju us. Bush and Sd McAlllater Sehwlrm * Illig. 1721 Howard. Keane. D. J. ft Son Tunner. E. Q. iSSto : "I ::::.":::.\":_lttleiwS rotto -<isson Knight ft Sons
Dannemark. George, Scott and Page. Ell lenthab Julius V an Ness and McAllister. "hl- W. N. 117 2d , ck. .. GOLDEN GATE Eureka Loheide, W. H. Sisson Siskiyou L. ft M. Co.
Davenport, II. A., r,34 Ca>tro. .Ludeke.- Geo.. -1712 Eddy. g homer, John. 24th and Shotwell. __•_._._._ U_JL. -Eureka McGeorge J F St Helena... Uatrom J
h. J*Brp..€^ldenC^^.Wetatex. Luhrs. E. Post and Jones Schomer George. Pearl and Market. French. J. L. Trueison, B. K. Eureka ........... ... Marshall ft Hodgson I St! Helena ... lei] Bros*
Donnelly. B.. Bush and Flrtnwre. Luhrs ft He! 19th ltd Guerrero. Schomer H. 19th and San Carlos avenue. '" Tnl}TW ' Eureka ..... V Parker PE ■ St Helena . . Schmidt GW
Dugan Jerry Page and v Buchanan JfiB!?.. V J n& i > ". V^ \ n^'^ Scilloen- John,' Sacramento and Polk. LOBIN. | fo^ek .... ....Elk Rive? M !& l! Co! I Sonora.! ....Willi, n on J. e"
•:ma?' P. McAUister ft Buchanan. ttv D. J 4th and Brannan. s ruak-, .;. 4th and Bryant. AyIwln, Gad !Watrous. B% C. Ferndale Aggeler Bros. Sutter Creek IJrinn. m!
Ebner & < ■• . 3rd and H»rrWon. ■ . P. J. -- " -1st _ Schrceder ft Co.. 2420 California. Baker, R. W. IWeimann, C. Ferndale ....Boynton ft Hall Sutter Creek Bennett, R. & Sons
Eickhorst ft Slrtke. Pierce _ Greenwich. -Mahonej E. P.. 1306 Castro Bchroeder, H. G. ('lay and Fillmore Ij0rln Cut-rate Store I Ferndale '. Hall. C. A. Sutter Creek Richards. C _
Eggers, M. Eddy and Hjoe- J.ah.oney, ... A an Ness and Market. Sohornaker. T.. 001 Broderlck. _„_-__, . _ _ Ferndale Peterson N P Sutter Creek Sorrocco Charles
Eiben. J. H. B; 17th and Dolores. .Mangels. J. II. & II.. Hayes and Franklin. Schomaker H.. Oak and Gough. FRUITVALE. Ferndl e .. . '.. Russ. Early ft Wiliiams Salinas .?............ . Corr*tTTjorVen_S
Emporium^ Grocery Co .Market. jjeyer. MD.. Devisadero and Geary. Bchrana. W. D., Fulton and Baker. Franz. F. iMcArthur, J. M. Fortuna.........Fortuna Merchandise Company Sa tats 'vKr.^^Farriere^UnloS
Faber ft Co.. 119 i- ii nrd T»avenworth . Mencken. D.. 2C9j Mission. p,ulz Bros., '^ Montgomery avenue. A Fields Landing Johnson. Phil Salinas Ford-Sanborn Co
Fagothey. Frank. Ellis and D a^enwonn. Meyer, Henry. I2S5 Buchanan. gtuls Bros.. 1931 Fillmore. A. Hydesvlllc.....! Foss, E. T Salinas Warl'lch Cornet? fe Co"
Flannery. J. P.. 23rdand Howard. . Meyer. M.. McAllister and Lyon. Schulken. John, 901 Bush. Arbuekle Arens. T. O. Hydesvllle ... . Beckwith F. W SaMnaS em^'^rn^r Cornett A Co.
Fryer. E.G.. m San Jose avenue. Methmann. H.. 2493 Market. Sullivan Bros.. 7th and Natoma. Anderson Bedford. J. F. Korbel Korbel Bros] STOCKTON.
Frerichs M.. 419 ■ Ilajes i. iv Mee.hi, ••-.. ,33 Montgomery. -• Btumpf, M.. 701 Cole. Anderson Burbank, J. P. I^oieta Dickson A Dickson »dams r-A-ln D Parker Tt Tt
Feiss, Julius Bills and P<^. i Mohrman. Wm.. Turk and Van Ness. Btunker A Ehlers. O'Farrell and Mason. Anderson Dolan. J. T. Newburg ...Eel R. V. L. Co. £?«,_& bTo, _^«_i * p?««n
Flelger. E. I., ICth and Guerrero. Montgomery ft Co.. 31 Cth. Schleef. J. II.. Jackson ft Powell. Auburn Clegg. C. Rohnervllle Eeigenbaum. L. gM r « & Co Sn,\?hZ£t£ ■*
Fljalkowricy A.. 1603 Church. . Montgomery ft Co., 1645 Polk. Taylor. C. A.. 2002 Howard. Auburn Hodge. J. F. Waddington Waddington A. K"p B' & Co- . i?" hi * ' ' E>
Foge, J. M.. £th and Mission Mohtgomery A Co., 118 3rd. Tletlen, H. ISth and Sanchez. Altavilie Lowery. D. ._ «UFto' i. „„ r. irucchl. A'
Fuelcher. Henry. Height and Webster. Montgomery ft Co.. BOB Hayes. Tkn.ken. H.. 3393 Twenty-sixth. tngVls Camp.. Mogolensky. N. . I. M oore. ?wn,alP=-, \a?fall°', Jamea
Glander Bros.. 1.22 Sutter. and M ave Murker., A. H.. O'Farrell and Hyde. Tiedeman. C. 20th and Hampshire. 'Alexander Valley ...McWilllams, G. S. j_erna • \ Cogglns Bros Company Newman s Cash Store IWfi&ea & Larson
Glandcr Bros Clement st. and -d a%e. Mu,,er Henry. Sutter and Devlsadero. Tiedeman. C. Turk and Polk. ABer Hawkins. W. E. «n™ ..V.;...... .^....: f. Newman 'ft Baclev SANTA CRUZ
Gelsel. E., 1205 Stockton. „ McCaw Bros, I'd Devisadero. Tiedeman John, 20th and Lexington. Armona Dickinson. A. P. i°"! .."..... Steward * Estate Daniel t,. _ - » ,,, *"
Gernns, John Turk and Scott. £_VJoker & Broderlck. 27 9th. T.pp Bros.. Halght and Steiner. * « Ion* .Stewart -state. Daniel Bias ft Towne Place, G. W
«;,,. tj.an. H. C.Sth and Folsom. McCoy R. A Son, 134 9th. Tunnicllffe. J., 3293 Mission. B- J. Collins ft Maxwell Picknell, Stanly C.- .
Colder Bros., 1422 Howard. ,_,... „D Mt4_v ft Nesbitt 3002 Ifith Van Arsdale J R.. 433 6th Tin— ' Allison, Fred „ „ , _ _, „ Foster, H. Roberts. & Chittenden
Gohl ft %J?'Snlh___1oO^%_^ N n^a^, li1,' Post'nnd Hyde. Van der Mehden. o'.. 16th and Folsom. I^uTder' CreekV^-^^^-^^^^Mullen; J. P. '™£™ Ginnochfo _ TiS' SiSS; 'c HV Williamson & Garrett
Hartje. Fred, ISA and Chattanooga. ■ jJordhola A St»lmke. Mission and 16th. Vencker. C. H.. Geary and Hyde. Boulder Creek ..Rambo. S. H. J^°n Parke'; '' Gla?lnm'?ch i- Pa?ke; Hinkle, C- D.
SSK^ Ivett^^^^Fa^^d^^or^: Byron ', £ M'— T'E' »^:^.^!?^K - • rSANTA^EOSA. ,
S^"SrM*' *%%?&^jW..^^Baa^ Co**** ....Brady. Mrs, M. A. * Carfer. %%. . - |g». \ %.
"sVS_ hsasr- ?s H^^d Ma3on,c- ?o_f_?__irJ.^.^ro^a_iW^ffM, conn-w. c:...Brad, Mr. m. a. , k. isn.
Harris. W. F. A Co.. Wh, near Miss on. M Frenk • *_ Folsom. ' Von der Nienberg. H. A., Pine and Larkia Columbia .....Davis. R. C. Klamathon Mason. Llndly & Coffin Cooper, F. A. • Slebel. C. J.
Harris, V,. F. & Co.. 7th. near Mm on. Paul. Fran. - - * °«»» 's t Von Oesen J. EC. _„, and Hyde. . Camanche . Crabtree. I. J. Klngsburg Clark. R. B. Farley Bros. Wilson, E. A.
Harris. W. F. ft ', '' 3rd. near Mission. peters »'08;j M* "^ Von Issendori, H. Page and Lyon. ' Clovls.:.... Good. R. E. L. Knights Ferry .........Drew. O. C. Kopf ft Donovan. Wheeler, G. W.
I Hanrahan W J K5 IllrSn.' PeTeJior!^ Chris, islt'h and I York.' _* W'arnke. William. 784 Broadway. Clovls : ■ ■ Hutchinson, Gibson ft Co. Kelseyvllle Marshall. W. H. Morris. W. J. . r ...... -
Iw-TJJf AM PEOK & CoT, Sole -_■» "~ WELLMAN, PECK & 00., Sole Agents. ' WELLMANTpBOK - 00., Sole Agents. " WELLMAN, PEOK - CO.. Sole Agents. WELLMAN, PECK & CO., Sole Agents. WELLMAN, PECK & CO., Sole Agents.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 3 899.
SAN JOSE.
Anderson, George C. | Green I.
Cltv Store. (Home Union.
Devine J. J. i James, G. W.
Backofen, H. W. j Koerber Bros,
lilac k. J. C. Krause, A.
Belloli J. A. 'Wemple. E. H -
Conkllng. H. W. Willoughby, John
Farmers' Union. ITogni, C.
SACBAMENTO.
Cook, F. H. & Co. IHeilbron & Co. j
Onsafrh T jKinney, E. fa. & Co.
cSrtiss'& Co. '^Vh o*'0 *'
Dean Bros. Meredith, J. H.
■-en. D. & Co McEwen. Ed
DlS'en. George F. Perkins & Son
Farlev S. H. Popert, James
Freeman G. C. R"ey. John
Feldhusen. C. . hß s?"' A Y- A
Finnic. R. D. hbur n W. A.
Griffiths & Sons S-? ber &Co T
Hale Bros. & Co. h\ ingard. J. J. j
Beilratb Bros. '
T.
Tnmales ••••• Dickinson, L. I
Tu^re ....■■ Llnder Hardware Co. I
i^lllt McMillan, R. T. ■
4^iar| Nelson, T. & Bro.
Turfort '....;.. ......Osborne. J. B.
Sr" :;::: k feLumb^c^
.4-Juck^e Willde. W. F.
Trinity Center.!. McDonald, P. I
U.
■ Uk i an Porterfleld & Bartlett
V.
Vacavllle » Akerly, Geo. P.
I Vacaville.., Arnold. Geo. A.
Vacaville... Peterson, J. H.
Valleio Brownlie, James
vaiiljo:::::::::::::::...- Cutler, M O.
vS::^^::::^T:::::."Houcn™c.' K. F.
Va le o.'::;^- Houche, C II Sr.
Vaileio . .-...- McDonald, J. S.
Va eio"." Morse & Snade
Valiejo.': ~ Power & Fleming
Valiejo ~ - Roney W. S.
Valiejo — — Wenig-er, George
ValHcita* ...Sanguinetti, L.
Visalia .~—...~ Lucler, lv
Visaiia..-.^..^..- Traders' Union
w.
Warthan ~..~ Bray & Seacord
TVaterford ~ Harbert, J. P.
Waterford - Horsley, C. C.
Watsonville — Bixby. A. L.
Watsonvllle ~ Ford, Chaa. Co.
Watson\-llle .~ ..Martin, G. T\ .
WatsonvHle Sheeny, : James
TVatsonville- .Stoesser, Otto
.Watsonvllle'. Speckens, W. A.
wrmts Willits, G.- B.
Williams Levy, D.
Willows Harlin,. J. T.
Willows... ....Hocuneimer & Co.
Willows HutzLer. A.
-Woodland rmak. L.
Woodland Clark Bros.
Woodland Forrester, R.
Woodland Hodge, George
Woodland Johnstone Bros.
I Woodland Port er Bros.
■Woodland Sparks; J. C.
; Woodland Spaulding, T-. S. .
Woodbridge Cowell. A. H.
Woodside Tripp, R. O.
Y.
Yreka Pashburg, J. & Co.
Yountville Ellis & Johnson
NEVADA.
Carson City Bell, L. H.
Carson City Walsh. E. J.
GardnervlUe .....Wilder. P. C. & Co.
Reno Coffin & Larcombe
Reno ll it W. T. Co.
Reno Xovacov: C.
Reno Kelson, Robert
Reno Upson, J. H.
Sheridan Barrett & Tucke
Wadsworth Gregory, J, A.
WELLMAN, PECK & CO., Sole Agents.
MRS. CRAVEN MEETS
ANOTHER REVERSE
JUDGE TROUTT REFUSES TO
SUMMON A JURY.
: Alleged Widow of James G. Fair
Must Prosecute Her Demand for
• Family Allowance Without
an Advisory Body.
Nettie R. Craven Is meeting with a
series of reverses before Judge Troutt
that would completely discourage a less
persistent litigant. A short time ago
Judge Troutt refused her petition, for
costs of advertising her suit agafn^t- the
Fair estate. Thursday the court refused
her motion to sot aside a decree of partial
distribution of Fair properties heretofore
made and yesterday the alleged widow of
I the dead capitalist was denied the priv
ilege of submitting her application for a
family allowance from the estate to a
jury for decision.
When the hour for the consideration of
I the motion arrived Mrs. Craven was pres
j ent in court with her attorneys, W. W.
Foote. Lafe Ponce and Judge ' Denson.
: The executors of the decedent's last will
i and the heirs and devisees were repre
sented by William "Wood. M. B. Wil
son, William M. Pierson and Charles Heg
: gerty. Mr. Foote addressed the court and
said that he would not argue the motion
; for a jury, but would submit the motion
! for decision, as it appeared on the peti
! tion. Judge Troutt then denied the, mo
tion. An order was then made by the
I court granting Mrs. Craven five days
■ within which to amend her petition to
Bet aside the decree of partial distribu
i tion. Hence this matter will again be
argued before a final decision is reached.
Lafe Pence requested that hereafter,
■ when motions by opposing counsel were,
■ made on any matters pertaining to the
I Fair estate Mrs. Craven, who was obvi
ously a party litigant, should be served
with notice. This request was consented
, to and November 14 was set as the date
| for hearing the application for family al
lowance. - . -
■ ♦ ■
COURT NOTES.
Henry F. Pierce, a resident of Oregon,
j ha? sued George Spaulding, a plow manu
facturer of this city, for $10,140 and a half
interest in .-oven promissory notes
' amounting to many thousands of dollars.
; The amount due and the notes, it is al
leged, were accumulated by the defendant
from various deals in which both litigants
1 wore interested.
The application of William G. Black
for the removal of Martin Carter as cx
- of the will of his deceased brother
Thomas Carter, was taken up by Judge
l Trnutt yesterday morning. Martin
, ter's imswer, in which he denied that he
• had f;dled to place any of Thomas Car
ter's assets on the inventory, was read
and an ■adjourmn< nt was tafc r..
I Peter Crosette. was to have appeared
bi (ore Judge Lawlor yesterday for
trial on a felony charge, "but he ' •
tn appear. A bi nch warrant was I
for his arrest anil the police were in
formed to be on the lookout for him.
I S. T. C. Luimkel .has sued Tre.-i surer
Truman to recover $500, the amount de
posited as bail for E. N. Smoot, the Lar
kin-street saloon-keeper, to secure I
after his arrest on a charge of ob
taining money under false
Shortly after the money w:t.~
!>. E. Besecker sued .-^rnoot to r
. $410 99, and attach, d the bail money de
posited by Dunckel. Dunckel avers thai
Jmoot is not the owner of the ball r
and hence he demands that the Treas
urer return it to him.
Kate Smith filed suit yesterday against
her husband, William H. Smith, a ship
rigger, for maintenance. The plaintiff
ea that her husbai I .1 her
si. me momhs ago without cause, and has
■ since failed to contribute toward her sup
', port.
A motion to dismiss the contest insti
tuted by Amanda Meilly agaiitet the will
: of the late Angelia K. Scott was argued
before Judge Coffey yesterday. M. M. Ea
tee represented Miss MeHiy and A. E.
Bolton argued the motion on behalf of
the executors. Judge Coffey denied the
motion; and the contest wiil go to triai
in the near ful
The claim of Dr. John D. Dameron
against thi - • late James P.
Dameron tor some | j Per .
vices rendered has been rejected by Pro
! bate Judge Coffey, and will be tried in the
; civil departnx at of the E urt.
F. Gallagher, 405ty Gtough street, swore
to a CQmplaint In Judge Graham's court
yesterday for the arrest of H. G. Seyden,
saloon-keeper, 418 Hayes street, on a
charge of battery. Early yesterday morn
ing they had a row. and Gallagher Btru k
■■ Seyden on the mouth. Seyden ret.;
by bitting Gallagher over the head w : r!>.
! a club, and he had to be taken I
Receiving Hospital. Seyden was arrested
and release.', on bis own recognisance by
Judge Graham.
After hearing the testimony of Dr. Za
: bala. autopsy physician. Judge M tai
■ yesterday h. Id Robert L. Hun
■ on the second charge of murder <:
nection with the death of E. K. Knippen
berg without b H.
Soltt,' D. Button, the notorious telephone
box thief, was yesterdaj Bentenc
■ Judge Mogan to six months In the County
Jail un each of four charges of petty l*ur
i oeny.________ ADVERTISEMENTS. - . -
No. 2 M. I. S; T.i No. 2
Box Sent FREE to All Sufferers.
fcr ■ . ? ■•••
Ss^ - -Jill %
Wy'yyy?m .: WM#ffi%>
KcAlcdJ mMt. AND bLUub mmh.
THE ONLY CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.
The most powerful INVICORANT ever produced. Permanently re-
stores mental and physical strength to those weakened by early indis-
cretion. Imparts Youthful Vigor. Restores Vitality, St'enßthens and
Invigorates the Erain and Nerves; a positive cure for all forms of
Nervous Debility-PROM .- T. SAFE and SURE.
Infallible cure for Old and Chronic Cases of Rheumatism, Gout,
Inflammation of tho Bladder, enlargement of the Prostate Gland,
Stricture, Varicocele, Bad Cases of Erysipelas, Cancer, syphilis and
Venereal Diseases-ABSOLUTE L V INFALLIBLE-SURE CURE.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. WILL CUKE.
Will cure Rheumatism, no matter how Ion? standing.
Will cure any ense of inflammation of the Bladder or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter
If the patients have been for years forced to use a catheter. WILL, CURE SYPHILIS IN'
ANY STAGE. WILL CURE ANY lAS OF DIABETES.
Will cure a'! cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigor
and vitality. It i» r.o stimulant. It= effects are permanent and lasting.
Six bottles of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any a»e of Stricture without local treatment.
Six boxes of M. I. S. T. No. 2 ■«"];! cure tny case of Varlce "-'I?.
Will cure and remove entirely frum the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. P. T. No. 2 • — cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ata? Spinal Trouble and apparently incurab'.e diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S: T. ha.« been on the market f or over 20 years, and has cured thousands of sufferers.
It la prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and abso-
lutely safe. It never tr.creEses or diminishes the action of the heart.
R-W-SS3ZEK-" .«^n^^^^.^« If you are suffering from any
M _j|3 K» j H _i write us. no matter how many doc- j
Kf* i *tjg""^ £§ *H La ""^ tried without relief. WE Oi'ARAN-
**»- 2W.fAH.TnTg AKOuMaatt! may judpe of thj value of the Great
Specific for yourself, we will send
you one larce .-«?« by mall FREE.
only asklnsr that when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. V.'rite confidentially
to our mrdica! department, giving rymptons.
Address M. I, S, T. Co,, Cor, Adams and Huron Streets. Toledo. 0. ■
OMAHA KID LOST.
NEW y« ij-;k b -. -uscar uai
d In a de
' ■
f the tt ty-flfth
■
-
•
ner. on the
• . left many
..- quick to
•
tuiati i
■
■ ■ -•.:• rounds. In
h a degree
for the ref-
I ■ -•. pped it
ADVERTISEMENT^
1 1
\ AT I
I t
j This is your last opportunity to pur- E !
B chape our shares at ft 40. After mid- B |
: night Monday. September 23. the price B
} r.f shares will b» as follows: j
F Sect 25 tc Oct. - 1(W shares at 1 SO I
| Oct. sto Oct. 15 lOfiO shares at 121 ■
Oct 35 to Oct. 25 1000 pharos at 1 SO mm
I Oct 25 to Nov. 5 l«0 shares at 3 00 _ j
■ Nov 3 to Nov ]j 1000 shares at 3 «'• _
H Vov'lo to Nov. 25.r:.1000 shares at 3 80 ■ ,
I I Nov. 2" to Dec 5 1000 shares at 4 20 ■
! I Dec sto Dec. 15 1000 Hit 460 I
! Dec 15 to Dec. ZJ.... 1000 shares at 500 f
| 257 PER CENT PROFIT j
I BY CHRISTMAS, «
D And 1000 per cent when oil Is struck H
(h Come In on the ground floor. a
j " PROSPECTUS FREE. %
BIG PANOCBE OIL CO., 1
Adams Building. 206 Kearny St., ]
I BIG San Francisco- CO., J
Adams Building. 206 Kearny St.,
San Francisco-
-5 OPEN EVENING.I j
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED. |
DR. METERS A CO. have the lar*e«t prae-
tS and b*« equipped medical institution
en the Paclflc Coast. Established "years. ?
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at Office U
or by mall. All letter* confidential. g
731 Market St., San Francisco.
•" i *."ni" l Jii-' g ?-" iitMl "^ jaj> '^^B ssgasaEg
« visit OR JORDAN'S great &
Shuseoh of ANATOMY^
h £% 10511£A2KrCT.let-6i*rth,S.rCtL i
■* or The Lareest Anatomical Museum In the \
A ■ *_L World. We»k»et»e» cr un contracted ff |
V S^^Si ri .-nr 1• • I*■ red hy th oi<leit T
C ffe 9 I SpeculUtcstheCotu. Kit =6 year? 9
6 4fs*& OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ I— "fcl Concultation free and strictly prirate. \ |
i I Y^tKw T« ttnieni personally rt by letter. AM
VI JT ?? B f>i-im Curainetery caseuadfruken. ▼
A* 1 I A Write for Book. P«II-i»«lOHnircf_|
§I f| IV B*nmAce. MAILED FREE. (a"
1 A H »ilu»ble book for mra) \
7 I>B J »UDA.\ A*'O,l^: Marfcptsr .S. F V ,
NEW YORK OUTPLAYED
IN TWO BALL GAMES
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs — W. L.. Pet Clubs— W. L«. Pet.
Brooklyn .. 90 40 .652 1 Chicago 69 64 .519
I Philadelphia S5 51 .625: Louisville ...66 TO .4*5
! Boston K> ': .612;Plltsburg ....63 72 .45«
i Baltimore ..."% 53 .593 New York . '2 '■ .400
j St. Louis '% 59 .56? Washington 49 S3 .365
; Cincinnati ..74 63 .5401 Cleveland ...20121 .141
NEW YORK, Sept. a— The New Yorks were
J outplayed In two grimes to-day. Warner was
• put out in the eighth inning for kicking. The
' second game was called on account of dark
! r.es«. Attendance, 800. Score, first game:
Clubs — R. H. E.
PittKburgr 11 IS 3
New York : 2^. 7 .5
Batteries — tjetrrtr and Bowerxnan; Carrick.
■ Warner and Wilson. — Manassau and
v. Qarr.
Second gam«:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 0 3 l
Pittsburg 4 6 1
Batteries — Oaronl and Wilson: HofTer and
p. I. river. , — Mar.as?au and McGarr.
BOSTON, Sept. 22.— Wretched coaching and
baserunning lOFt the first same for Boston to
day. Nichols was hit hard In only two in
nings of the game, while Garvln was batted
safely in every inning except the last. Chi
[ cago's batting rally In the sixth inning of the
' second game put them In the lead, but Boston
j wr.n out by opportune hitting in the eighth.
j Magoon was put out of the second game for
kicking. Chance fell and Injured himself
while catching a foul fly from Duffy's bat,
Donahue finishing the game- out. Darkness
ended the second game In the eighth Inning.
S Attendance, 5500. Score, first game:
< Clubs— R. H. E.
I Boston 0 13 3j
Chicago S 9 0
Batteries — Nichols and Bergen: Garvin and
i Donahue. Umpires— O" Day and McDonald.
: Second game:
ib«— R. H. E.
Boston .•••.•.••.••»••..»•••••••••••••»»•■ 8 15 3
Chicago 7 9' 4
Batteries— Willis and Sullivan: Taylor, Chance
and Donahue. Umpires — O'Day and McDonald.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— Louisville took the
fifth successive game from the Senators on the
home grounds. The Senators played In ex
tremely poor form. Mage* was wild and Wey
h!ng took his place at the beginning of the
j fourth Inning. He was hit hard. Attendance.
7W. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 4 11 4
Louisville 17 IS 2
Batteries — Magee, Working and Powers:
Woods and Zlmmer. Umpires— Snyder and
Dwyer.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 22.— The first game be
tween St. Louis and Brooklyn was called off
to-day owing to wet grounds. The second was
• played In eighty-six minutes, both pitchers do
■ ing remarkable work considering the condition
of the field. Dunn had far the better of It,
i shutting out the St. (Louis men with only two
i hits. Only one of the visitors reached second
base. The series between the two clubs ended
% to 4 In favor of Brooklyn. Attendance. 2300.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 0 2 3
Brooklyn 2 5 1
Batteries — Young and O'Connor; Dunn and
Farrell. Umpires — Latham and Connolly.
! PHILADELPHIA, Sept. Philadelphia and
I Cincinnati played a double-header to-day and
I broke even. The second game was called at
the end of the fifth inning- en account of dark-
I ness. Lander was hit on the right arm by a
I pitched ball in the second game and was com
pelled to retire. Attendance, 6400. Score, first i
came:
Clubs — R- H. E.
I Cincinnati 6 13 1
Philadelphia 2 7 1
Batteries— Ha wley and Peltz; Bernard and
Douglass. Umpires— Swart wood and Hunt.
Second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 5 9 3
Philadelphia 8 7 1
Batteries— Frlsselle and Peltz; Orth. Fraser
and McFarland. Umpires— Swartwood and
Hunt.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur- |
chased from all agents and <]l
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. 1809.
MINING ENGINEERS TO BE
ESCORTED HERE IN STATE
A CARLOAD of joliy, heavyweight mining men went north with the Oregon express last evenfng in the special Pull
because the party of Eastern membi • American Institute of Mining Engineers who will
: the annual meeting in San Fra:. ■ Monday will cr^ss the northern State line this after
noon ami they desire an early tast< C Califon I lity.
rty was composed "f aliout twenty of th< md reception '■nmmittefmpn of the California Min
ers' Ass ted this dist i body here and which will probably receive, entertain ami speed
their distinguished guests. Those in this first i talanx were: President J. H. N'eff. Vice President and Chairman
of Arrangements Committee V. C. Ralston, Secretary and General Executive Man E. H. Benjamin, Professor S. B.
Christ-.. 31 • Mineralogist A. S. Cooper, Gt rg< ' W. A. Doble, B. 1". Lacy, E. C. Voorheis, A. Yonder Ropp, J.
F. Halloran, !'•• i Bradley, J. J. Crawford, Andrew Carrigan, Charles S. Miller, Robert Mem, Bert Brayton, Charles G.
Yale. P. George Gow, Lew V • I Los Angeles.
The party is well prepared I welcome when the special train bearing- the visitors meets the wait
ing special car at Montaj .'•-.: n. Th' 1 car will be taken on by the special train and the journey through the
leneth and breadth of the Si Uy resun Sunday will be spent at Redding and at the big smelters ami Iron
Mountain copper mine, a few milea away, and during the day the party will enjoy a sample of Northern California
hospitalitj • - of Ita mineral Industry and resources.
As before outlined in The Call, the tnun will arrive in San Francisco Monday morning, where many Western mem
bers : ■ titute will be gathered and where Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday will be given to the sessions of the meet
ing and the hospitality that will attend it. Then the. two w< •ks of sight-seeing through the mifttag regions of the State,
for which so many local pr- - have been mad'?, will begin. The party will reside and hold its sessions in the
Palace Hotel while in San Francisco. There will h»» appropriate decorations and a promenade concert on Monday even
ing, a reci ption to the ladies of the party by the California Club and a banquet by the merchants of th^ city on Wednes
day evening will be among the features of the local entertainment. There is much interest in the meeting- throughout
the State and many mining men will be here during the meeting.
STEAMER LANDS
HUMAN CARGO
Con tract La borers Reach
Hawaii.
Special Correspon<Jence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Sept. 15.— The British
tramp steamer Victoria, whose cargo of
i emigrants for this port has been the sub
! ject cf a good deal of international diplo- ;
i matic discussion, arrived here on the 13th.
Instead of nearly 100 Portuguese and
Spanish emigrants who had signed to take
passage on her she brings only o4J.
: Through the action of the American Con
sul at Madeira the company •which
shipped the men and women is out the ad
■ vances made for 200 of them who refund
' to Fhip when Consul Jones told them their
labor contracts were useless.
Before the Victoria left Madeira Consul
j Jones took occasion to notify the men and
' women who had signed to leave their na
i tive land for the sugar plantations of
Hawaii that the islands had been annexed
to the United States and that the labor
contracts they had made would not hold.
The prospective emigrants were informed
that they would be landed at Honolulu
and would have to take their chances of
, getting work after they arrived. Two hun-
I dred of the men and women who had
shipped deserted the vessel. The Victoria
left port with the remainder, after lodg
ing a vigorous protest against the action
of the Consul.
On the vessel were 205 men, 5 1 " women
and 82 children. During the trip three
i births and one death occurred and four
j teen stowaways were found.
The emigrants are in charge of Thomas
E. Ivena, representative of the firm of
Nathan & Co., London, by whom the con- [
tracts with the laborers were made. !
j Through the British Government Nathan
1 & Co. protected to the Government at
Washington against the loss they had
sustained by reason of the American Con
sul's action. The result was an Investi
rntlcn "»hicli resulted in a decision that
Consul Jones was wrong in his course.
When seen Mr. Iv&r.6 paid that he did
not know what action his company is tak
ing In the matter. It is understood that a
claim for damages is being- made. "Con
sul Jones was certainly wjong in the pri
es he u>ok." paid Mr. Iv-ne. and
It cost us a considerable sum. An advan-.e
had been made to each of the 200 men who
! deserted rur \essel and we lobi that. Be
■ 'J- c we are out money spent for pro
visions for them on the journey and we .
used our steamer for a load far below her
capacity. "
W. H. Marshall is in Jail here, charg-d
with criminal libel. Th*> Government
caused the arrest. Marshal Brown being
the complainant. The case has g'~ne over
j until the 80th. In the meantime Marshall
is confined, be being unable to furnish i
JIOO9 bail money. Marshall has been con- j
ducting a Sunday paper called the Vol
cano. Hia associate is Ben Napthaly, a
former San Francisco attorney, who was
disbarred for iik-gal practice. Marshall
I has been very 1 itter in attacking the best |
in--n in this community. For several
weeks he has grossly libeled Chief Justice
Judd. That official took no steps to pros- j
ecute. On August 27 Marshall again at- i
i tacked the Jurist In a criminal manner.
i The feeling in the community waa a i
i ftrong that the printers declined t<> issue
j the papi-r nny longer. In the meantime
the Government took the matter up and
caused the arrest of the editor. Marshall
came here some months ago. He was
formerly a resident of Sacramento. CaL
It is claimed here that he was forced to
leave that city for his attempt to black
mail several business men.
While turning around the spar buoy to
enter port on the morning of the 13th the
steamer Alameda cut down»two fishing
lunks. Twelve Chinese were precipitated
"into the water and one was drowned. The
body was not recovered, and may never
be, *rb the accident occurred in the shark
district outside the reef.
Judge Alfred S. Hartwell has been
chosen by the Government to represent
the Territory of Hawaii unofficially in
Washington "during the coming Congress.
The appointee will leave for his post in
time for the opentnp of Congress In De
cember. m __________
Football Favorites Arrive.
STANFORD I'NIVERSITY. Sept. 22.—
To-day has been a red-letter day for the
football enthusiasts. "Babe" Burnett, j
the plant center on the '97 'varsity team,
came in Trom his home in the south and
wap givr-n an impromptu reception to
night in Encina Hall. Billy McLeod. last
year's training coach, came in from Port
land, and will he with the .men the bal
ance of the season, working in conjunction
with '"Tot" Murphy to keep the cardinal
athletes in condition-
EXTENSION OF
DONAHUE ROAD
Original Plan Will Not
Be Changed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BANTA ROSA, Sept. 22.— 1t Is learned
here to-day that the committee of Mendo
-1 cino County citizens who a few days slmo
visited President A. W. Foster of the Cal
ifornia Northwestern Railway In the hope
of being able to influt-r.ee the company
to change its present plan'of building the
proposed branch line into the redwoods
of Mendocino County from a point above
Cloverdale so as to have the branch con
nect with the ma'.n road at Ukiah met
with very little encouragement.
It is expected that work on the new
branch will be commenced early !n Oc
tober. The surveys have all been mid-:
and grade stakes are now being set out
along the entire route. The new road will
leave the main line at Astl and pene
trating the rich Dry Creek Valley will fol
low the banks of Rancheria Creek to its
junction with Indian Creek and thence
down the latter to the town of Christine,
in Mendocino County. Near here the
company has 25.000 acres of virgin timber
land under bond and it Is stated upon
what appears to be excellent authority
that a company is now being organized to
build and operate mills in several por
tions of this immense tract.
The report is current here that the
money necessary for the construction of
this new branch, which will approximate
$1,000,000, is now on deposit to the com
pany's credit in a San Francisco bank and
available for the purpose.
If the plans of the railroad people are
realized the new road will eventually oe
extended to Eureka. In this event the
branch will become the main line and
the present main line to Ukiah will be
come a branch or spur of the main road.
The possibility of being sidetracked in
this manner served, as much as anything
else, to stir to action the people of that
place.
DISAPPOINTING RACE.
Roan Wilkes Defeats Rubenstein
and Frank Bogash.
READYILLE. Mass.. Sept. 22.— The
feature of the mating of the New Eng
land trotting-horse breeders to-day was
th^ 2:04 pace. In which Roan Wilkes, Ru
benstein and Frank Bogash were entered.
The horses looked well, but In no heat
excepting the first half of the second mile,
paced in 1:02, was anything like good time
made. Roan Wiikt-s was steady but did
not have to go, Frank Bogash meeting
with a mishap and being distanced in the
first heat, while Ruoenstein never went
his ga.lt for more than a half.
Roan Wilkes won the race in straight
heats, Rubinstein second. Beat time
2:06%. Roan Wilkes received llrst and
third money.
LOWERS BIKE RECORD.
C. C. Holzell of Spokane Pedals a Mile
Paced in 1:35 1-2.
SPOKANE. Wash., Sept. 22.— C. C. Hol
zr-li of this city to-day lowered the world's
amateur record of one mile on a bicycle.
Three judges and three timers certify that
he covered the mile in 1:35%. The pre
vious record, human paced, was 1:39. One
of the Judges is superintendent of the Y.
M. C. A. here and one of the timers is
athletic director of the association. The
effort was made against time, paced and
with flying start.
Poolrooms to Keep Open.
BAT'SALITO. Sept. Broyer &
Glynn's poolrooms were closed down to
day on account of the opening of the
Oakland race track. It has been decided
to sell pools on Eastern races at Joe
Harvey's poolrooms during the winter,
Broyer & Glynn to share in the profits.
The reason for the unusual departure in
keeping one of the betting establishments
open during the winter Is said to be the
enormous profits realized this summer,
many asserting that each of the pool
rooms has netted $50,000. The anti-gam
bling element is incensed at the prospect
of poolrooms the year round, but has
met with so many defeats in the attempt
to suppress them that it is unlikely any 1
further effort will be made in that direc- i
tion. _'"
—•-•
Prir^pess Clementine of Orleans, age i
eighty-two, is the oldest Princess ,in
Europe. - w .;"\ *
MINING MEN
AT PORTLAND
Delegates to American
Institute.
Social Disiwch tn The Call.
PORTLAND. Ore., Sept. 22.-A party of
sixty delegates and their wives and
daughters passed through this city to
day en route to San Francisco to attend
the convention of the American Institute
of Mining Engineers. They took the spe
cial leaving Portland at 6:15 p. m. Among
the number are Dr. James Douglas, pres
ident of the Institute; Dr. R. W. Ray
mond, secretary, and Theodore Dwight,
assistant secretary. Dr. Raymond is a
mining expert of great ability and has
figured in some of the greatest mining
deals of the country. Both he and Dr.
Douglas, who is also possessed of national
fame in mining engineering, are interest
ed in considerable mir.ing properties in
the northern and northwestern part of the
country. Dr. Ernst Fleming, a member
of the Royal Prussian start; Dr. Otto
Meahlheauser, well known in German
mining engineering circles; Professor N.
W. Lord of the Ohio University and Pro
fessors Heinrich Ries, Cornell University,
are members of the party. Representa
tives from the East, ranada and some
parts of the Northwest and British
Columbia constitute the- major portion of
the number, which is smaller by half than
was expected, cwing to the press of busi
ness at this season.
Secretary Raymond states that a part
of the business to be transacted will be
the admittance of 125 new members,
whose applications axe now on file.
Poor Racing at Chicago.
CHICAGO, Sept. 22.— Big, unwieldy fields of j
low-class horses raced through the mud and
rain at IJarlem to-day. Results:
Six furlongs— The Rush won, Brown Ander
son second. I'oloco third. Time. 1:20.
Seven furlongs — Fantasy won, Owyhee second.
The Geeser third. Time, 1:34^.
One and a sixteenth miles — Tappan won, Tu
lane second, Hittiok thin!. Time. 1:35%.
One mile and a hundred yards — Molo won In
triguer second, Plnkey Pctter third. Time
1 54%.
Five furlongs — Doroy won. Mips Fee second
Floris?ar third. Time, 1:064.
Plx furlongs— Damocles won, Eva Wilson sec
ond. Sir Fitzhugh third. Time, l:2iH4.
Settlers Evicted.
DENVER. Sept. 22.— About 375 settlers
on the Maxwell land grant are to be evict
ed by orders from the I^and Department
at Washington. They have occupied land j
which it has been decided by the courts i
belongs to the Maxwell Land Company.
Twelve Deputy United States Marshals
have been detailed to evict these squat
ters.
FFFI) YOUR NFRVFS Ut kt^=^^ i
Where's the man with too much strength? Most men ivK. 1/ Mr ]»?? \\\\ I '^^d^^^W >■
have too little. Some are so weak they're tossed about f 1/ l^S-ri' (i|K V/ .\\\ I C* •! l*> \ . •*•'
by every eddy; weak in body and purpose, unfit to cope C~?i I — T /fl/-^>/VS» /^~"\.\ l/l—\ V > \
with the world; others suffer half their days from ail- — y=~=j /ffl-^*ikl\ ul\ V flll[~" N^#> •'
ments. How is the case with yourself? Do you feel run {, \\ llflt/ " M \v V 'In y^y^ "*"
down, tired before the day begins; pain in the back. lri| v 4 filial*/ At \<KW -t43L^Ti > h /s^ "♦"
restless in mind and body? Some of your organs are "I %/\ M\ Wi\& /-7"<?*sr s£// ♦
not -working right, or you may have drawn upon nature -^— — " * ~IS3SR ' J-'&fr ._' -&S -- ■ -♦-
more than she could afford. Avoid curealls and wonder- _i»_^Ji=^~~ ' ISiaSy /--^± y~J"
ful discoveries. They are ruinous to the nerves. Klec- ,^*== t N5^-, '" <> &BkW'& >'~ Z.
tricity is the natural cure in your case. It is the magnet- *Ml(Z~~ — " —^wBIM •'• ' . 'i l(! i 'fi'l
ism of the body which keeps up the life. In disease this ■(iiilbfSs^ * > BBi^~ ; -^' ' W ' ' "♦"
i« lowered or lost and needs reviving. Have you noticed I:=::: 5: «--" BHfB" 1 * "~~ — ~ ' "*"
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S new treatment? i<r^M x
This is an accepted reality: a cure that never di.«- T^h~~~-. WBV **"**^^ •♦■
appoints. It is adapted to every organ of the body and J *siS?_ wES~-. €k* " -4-
the entire nervo-vital system. The secret of the Me- ""jggasgs ymm ~~^ X
' Laughlin method is in its naturalness. It gives the most "g^. j£?B 1
rapid and thorough results. The current passes evenly 1 ""SB«/5
and comfortably into the nerve center and through the $5* "*"
glands and blood. .The effect is a complete change in Via -♦■
your condition, a general building up which casts out all -♦-
pain and weakness. . .4.
My new body battery DOES NOT BURN' the skin and "39 Merchants' Exchange, San Francisco, Sept. 11. -♦■ '
- ,  . .  . .. "Dr. McLaughlln— Tour Electric Belt treatment has cured .4.
has my own Improved regulator, which switches the power me at the age of 73 of all weakness in Back and Kidneys, so *
on or oft by decrees. Send for my illustrated book, mailed \ %£*,£* %£%?%£?. jXL3so\«SSd^'£%£ +
free. • and sound "health. A. C. HAMMOND." + ,
fin 11 A |3#il AlinUl 111 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, °« Hour 8 -s a.m. to a.sop.m. t
UK m m evlßLAiilinMN sf a ndßurdickßoCk . \\ Sundays, 10 to 1. +
i#Sll If 1 1 111 IflOl-rIWUIIILI 111 Cor. Bpricg and Second, Los Acgslei. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. +
Uii A A. 4 + 4-4.4-4- 4- 4- »■♦■+ ♦ ♦ »-» 4 4 i i 4 » 4 -♦■■»-*- -A-^■^■-t-^-ii *♦»♦»♦ ♦♦^■»-»-»-» ■»■»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ »4-*-^.-»- J
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
I Concert To-Night at 7:30. *
* The Emporium Grand Orchestra and Soloists *
* under the direction of John Marquardt. *
* ■•••■•- ♦
■^ ■ ' *g
I Men's $15 Clay Worsted *
I Ssiits for $10. I
* j, ps} :•; Another great special for Saturday only, the *
* ' fi A^^\ store offers a limited number of All-Wool
* G-ay Clay Worstei Suits in ail regular s z?3 for men, heavy "fl»
£. /y\ 0-:unce worsteds, guaranteed— coats ether in round-cor- "#
fr ';y J jk Il\ j nered or square-corner?d, s ngle-breasted sick? — an ex- *
*7 >l \\ \ felient qua t/ of linn •, s -tn piping — suit 3 are si k sewn *
* ( <#& l\ V th'ocg'iout and perfec: for one of the most
Another great special for Saturday only, the ♦
big store offers a limited number of All-Wool
G-ay C3ay Worst* I Suits in all regular a z = for men, heavy <tf
.0- unce wor.-teds, guaranteed— oats c ther in roand-cor- "#
nerel or Bqasre-cornered, s ngle-breisted sicks — an ex- J
■ client qua t/ of Una , s t n piping — snita a-e si k sewn *
th.rg.ojt and perfee: S irq Th^y nra one of the most J
* V^v 4I Ui staple .-u : ts m'ide ani well worth $1^ — our pri^e to-day _*
% \> pR ......v. $10 %
I XJffi *
I T// 1 /| Dress Gcods I
* //.if Remnants. %
J 1/ I Cm-Quarter Cff Marked Prices' %
» i/l I Our entire stock of Colored Dress Goods Rem" *
* 111 nants — plain-colored fabrics and handsome mixed
J I V-^w effect?, ranging in lengths from l>j to 6 .ard— suitable \»
* vL. for waist •, skris, chiidrai's dress*?, etc — on spDcial sale
> *<3 Saturday only at a reduction of 25 per cent from the pres- <■
9> ent rem anc prices. 2
{ ™= I
t Samples of Fine Draperies= %
» Brooaiellesg Satin Damask J'
* a#tc^ Pretty Drapery Silks, %
» A solid case of samples of these choice drapery fabrics, bought by *
* the big store at a very special price, are placed on sale to-day
until closing time, if the lot lasts that iong ; dozens of different patterns and <•
jh, co !or effect?, so mny ways t ■ use them — cushion tops, chair sets, h?a 1 rest?, <r"
* etc. — special prices from, each sOc to $2.00 *
I ■ ======== I
* Sadirons *-> r '*■» d *?™ ] y' Combs, 3^^ «
» 83C Set. %££•£ m *At I So Pair W^P %W 1
* eenu ne '.'Mrs. A smalt io>. of MCW/ffl «
J Pott-" Sad sa^^i hell and rm'>er <*
? lons, detach- C - side combs in a — ;, <%
!j ab;e handles, X < K >s3Sfci variety of shapes. w/mMffwi^\ ♦
ft heavy nickei- /o/^ >>,V , -vi a gcod, heavy '*11/M\Mfi *
I£► plate! and /3__^?L__k4 comb, regularly " ' ♦
■ ♦ finely finish- feF*??^s%3> 20.- p?ir, on special sale to-day, ♦
* Ed," bronzed /T*-^" *^\ only 12© *
* stand, set of 4 te ___ " — . . J
* lor™* 83c Safe of For Saturday *
& for we only we place *>
Tosxtn:ly only one set so.'d U a single QflQ n > s fj nG on " sale 2 «
customer. ■ ■- dozen fine*
* Ribbon Underwear, ribbed, form- 1
* r-v. /Q^y. a»«**«#w««^ t fitting Wool Uaderwaar for men, h3nd- _,
& /s*-Vt^v*^ **3Pff3ilff9 j 3 .me fawn color, a close-woven mesh,
5. fer^ er|^v7-^p[ ' steam shrunk, shirt? are satin faced and
* "^'CSw^M "he bargain of j have French neck* trimmed with silk, *
* J^ra^Qn^y the season for this herring-bone effect, drawers reinforced, St
'* . /-^^^/^hu\\ day only; 750 satin faced, seam« siik braided, splen- *
A ('A /7ft TvvV ar '" 3 or ' tDOCe did values at $2.00, to day a l regular ♦
ft- lAyrj ) \ V -accy ribbon, a 1 sizes, shirts or drawers, per gar- J
Ay bulk new 'ot °^ 8U " meEt $1*25 ,j,
Z- ?A «fct=J rvf/Z&, perb qua! — — ■&
1 \I^W ? hlgh.eU.«dj % oo *Z h 7L Whisk *
** WIS/jOT *'■> silk Paii Rit) - « «-. 4Ck~ Broom?, ex- «
* \>^Clr v lon;i in the De Bl*OOiBlS, \ Mac. cellent. « .
rt^P^J f co.orings fcr fal , quality 0; broom corn, double stitched *
* "' : cf>^»^ imported .to "sell with triple silver-pUted handle, gcod *
%■ ■' --^^tS"'' at 50c the TarJ, value 35c each, on special sale this day 2
± , to-day... 35c 0i1y..... S9g
* Z==l=l= ' *
* Professor — mm . -Bta*^ - Demun- *
* Daly from 10 pP OoUteniUJle ft^aar. "™ free Cam. '*
J Daily from 10 Ji <|oW«nijttille ftafcaaaup. T"i #>co in Cam- J
>to 12 a.m. ana Q^raßnM-sLio^srrridM«O-JCfiAttDrsTsTOft£:.^^^ P' 1 dai ■>"• *
ft 2t05 p. m. 12:30 to p.m. *!»
ftu — ~~
TAHOE EXCURSION
ENDS THE SEASON
It Promises to Be a Very Brilliant
Affair.
The proposed excursion to I-ake Ta
hoe which the Southern Pacific has an
nounced for Saturday, October 7, prom
ises to be a brilliant close to the most
brilliant excursion season which the
State has ever known. The extreme
cheapness of the rate is of course the
merit of the event. Ten dollars for i
trip of this kind, including sleeping car
expenses for two nights, is absurdly
low, and places the delights of one of
the most famous resorts in the world
easily within reach of the pleasure
going public.
Excursions of this kind are always
select and first class, and have the ad
vantage of a manager who looks aft^r
the comfort and entertainment of his
guests. Mr. "William H. Menton, the
company's experienced excursion man
ager, will be in command on this occa
sion. Secure tickets and sleeping car
accommodations at 613 Market street.
.« ♦ »
CHAPTEB OF ACCIDENTS.
Narrow Escape of the Lewellyn J.
Morse From Going Ashore
In the Fog.
The Harbor Hospital was kept busy yes
tprday with water front cases. Thomas
Nelson required nine stitches to draw his
scalp together and four to sew up his
lacerated ear. He was picked up in an
unconscious condition on East street and
fsken to the hospital. When he came to
he said he had been assaulted and robbed.
The police are investigating the case.
Captain Roberts slipped on some iron
sheeting and nearly fractured his skull
from the fall he got
Jeremiah Creden nearly had his skull
cracked at the Folsom-street bunkers. A
lump of coal fell on his head and it took:
six stitches to close the resulting lacera
tion.
The ship L. J. Morse had a narrow es
cape from going on the North Farallonea
in the fog Thursday morning. It wa.-j
very thick at the time and the man i q
the lookout could not see a hundred
An Italian fisherman warned the crew
and the ship was put rbout iust in time.
As the vessei was leaving Chignik Bay
John Wendt, an A. 8.. fell from aloft anil
wa.s killed.
Captain E. C. Bowes of the barkentlna
Fremont is to take command of the new
barkentine Benicia that is to be launch. >1
from Turner's shipyard to-day. Captain
Bowes is just back from a record-break
ing end-fishing trip. During the season ha
and his crew to "ish.
The mail steamer Mariposa arrived from
Sydney, N. S. \\\. via Auckland, N". '/..,
Apia, Samoa, and Honolulu, H. 1., yester
day. She brought up a large number <>t
passengers, a lot of treasure and a full
cargo.
This Week's Wasp.
This -week's Wasp is so especially bright
and interesting that it is almost woii
the name of a special edition. Some choice
views of the presentation of medals to
California's heroes are sure to attract in
terest. Particularly worthy of mention ara
the four "half-tone" illustrations of tha
night in Venice at Belvedere, showing
what can be done nowadays in the way of
photographing after dark. It is said oC
the Wasp that it produces the best photo
engraving work west of the Rockies. Sen
ator Mulrooney writes in his whimsically
humorous style of the political situation
in San Francisco. An instructive article
on the oil wells of California, profusely
Illustrated, is quite a feature of the issue.
Stories, poems, storiettes, incisive musi
cal and keenly satirical theatrical crit!
cisms, together with attractively written
financial comments, complete a number
far ahead of all contemporary weekly
magazines.
56
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 23, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKEL^Prop^»
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFPICF. Market and Third Sts- 3. P
Telephone Main 1861
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 6tevcn*on Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Po»t*«rei
r>AIL,T CALL. (Including Sunday Call), one yew f6.00
DAILY CALX, (including: Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 8 months .... 1.00
DAILY CALL— Single Month _.... 050
6CND.AY CALL One Year 1.00
■WEEKLY CALL One Year !•<*<>
All postmaat«?rs are authorized to recelv- Btfb»oriptlon*.
Sample ooplea will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROONEBB.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquotto Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C C CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 THbuoo Building
CHICAGO NEWS" STANDS.
Bhenaan Hqun; P. O. News Co.; Great Northers HaUti
Fremont House; Auultorlum Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brsntano. 11 Union Bquarej
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4, L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open until
8:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
I9AI Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22<" Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- >09i
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheam— Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Othello."
Columbia— "Mario Antoinette," Monday evening. Septem-
ber 26.
Alcazar — "Too Much Johnson."
Grand Opera-house— "The Drum Major's Dauarhtar."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis — Specialties.
Sutro Swimming Races, etc
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day.
Circus — Sixteenth and Fulsom streets. '
Mechanics' 1 Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Glen Park Grand performance to-morrow.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
SAN FRANCISCO DEWEY DAY.
ZZ^VERY proper elTort was made to induce Ad
miral Dewey to touch his country first at San
— ■* Francisco and cross overland, giving his ad
miring countrymen in the non-maritime States an op
portunity to honor him according to his due. These
efforts failed. That they were made at all was more
for the purpose of testimony to the esteem in which
he is held than in the expectation that the grim old
descendant of the Vikings would exchange his ship
for a palace cir on his way to report at official head
quarters. His courteous answers to all our invita
tions are set like jewels among the treasures of those
who received them, and are held to be sufficient com
pensation for the pains taken to let him know how
we felt toward him.
But has all been done that San Francisco owes to
him? When poor old demented George 111 of Eng
land lay in physical and mental helplessness, guarded
on his royal couch, one day the great guns boomed
from the Tower, and among their echoes mingled
the roar of other artillery. The stricken King,
roused by the noise, asked why the salutes were fired,
and was told that it was in honor of the anniversary
of one of the battles won in the crisis of the nation's
destiny. Rising in his bed the King cried: "It was
a gTeat day tor England!" The battle of Manila Bay
was a great day for America. The day on which the
hero of that battle is honored on his return is great
for America everywhere, and the coldest heart must
boat faster in time to its meaning. Only the cities that
are arour.<l New York harbor are in physical touch
with it. Only their people will see the pageant, fire
at the touch of its enthusiasm and live to cherish the
day's memory among the things that gild the past
with a light that nothing else can kindle.
But that is not enough. The great Admiral went
into Eastern waters in defense of San Francisco. No
matter what we know now. Then we knew that an
unfettered and unresisted squadron of Spanish war
ships was a paralyzing threat to this port and city.
The Government was so hard pushed by that risk that
it acquired and prepared to arm merchant craft to
stand between us and destruction. Our merchants,
with argosies at «ea, went to nightly slumber uncer
tain whether at dawn they would still have their own
which was afloat or whether it was gathered into the
greedy maw of our enemy. Then came the fight in
that far bay, and the fleet of Montijo was besomed off
the seaa. More than any other people on the conti
nent we owe to Dewey some expression of our grati
tude for the fear he turned into courage, for the de
spair thundered by his guns into joy.
It is an honor to propose that on the day of his re
ception in New York there be an expression of San
Francisco's feeling for the hero and his deeds. The
committee which managed the marvelous reception
to our own volunteers has on hand a surplus of many
thousand dollars. There has been much discussion as
to the manner of its disposition. A portion of it
should be used In observance here of Dewey day. We
have in camp nearly 15,000 soldiers. They are rest
less in their pent quarters and camp, Let the com
mittee provide music, all the bands in the city if
need be, and call out such organizations as can add
to the spectacle, and let us have a grand military pa
rade in honor of the hero of Manila Bay.
At the close of the Civil War two hundred thousand
veteran troops marched down Pennsylvania avenue
In review before Grant, Sherman and Sheridan. The
cotmtry and the world will never forget it. The in
spiration of that day survived as the fire of patriot
ism in tens of thousands of hearts.
The Spanish war is over. Let the troops that are
with us pass in review in celebration of the greatest
achievement of that war on the water. And as the
marching and the music pass let the sentiment of all
hearts be:
May the aervlce united ne'er sever,
But e'er to their colors prove true|
The army and navy forever.
Three cheers for the red, white and hlue.
The committee should at once institute the meas
ures needed, secure the consent of the War Depart
ment to the parade of the troops, the presence of
the bluejackets from the warships, and of civic organ
izations which may add to the scene, and give to
Dewey day an expression that will show forth our
thanks for what the Admiral did for San Francisco.
To such use of some of the funds of reception dny
there will be enthusiastic and patriotic assent and ap
proval, and part of the problem before the commit
tee will be happily solved,
TIIE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1899.
ORIENTAL TRADE.
WE don't know by what extent of commercial
experience Mr. John Barrett earned the title
of "an expert in oriental trade." He appears
before Chambers of Commerce to declaim on that
subject, but he leaves one in doubt as to the real ob
ject of his mission. In his address to the merchants
j of this city on Thursday he advertised the fact that
he subscribed to the Dewey monument fund and the
fund to receive the First California, and then seemed
to assert that our oriental trade depends on imme
diately electing a Senator from California. Mr. Bar
rett is a gentleman who enjoys large and multiplied
contacts with public men; we do not accuse him of
this, for he admits it, and he said that throughout the
1 East the Senators and Representatives whom he had
the honor and privilege of knowing had unanimously
deplored the fact that California has only one Sena
tor, and, inferentially, had requested him to include
our Senatorship in his great mission of setting things
j right. He fears that only another Senator from here
I can dig the Nicaragua canal, and is sure that we will
{ mourn for oriental commerce as those without hope
unless that canal is completed.
For the present we take this part of his address on
! commerce for a brief review. He pointed out as "an
' anomaly in transportation the fact that a great part
of the American trade with the Orient is done from
Xcw York, and not from Pacific ports, which are so
much nearer," and at the same time mixed another
I Senator and the canal together as a remedy.
The west coast of South America lies east of New
York. When the canal is built that coast will be
r.rnrer to New York than to San Francisco. There
fore, if nearness is an element in the problem, New
York will do the trade of that coast which we do now.
Again, New York's trade with the Orient now has
to go around Cape Horn or the Cape of Good Hope,
or, avoiding this doubling of either continent, it
passes the pillars of Hercules and travels by the.
, Mediterranean and the Suez canal. When the Nicar
agua canal is built San Francisco will be no nearer
the Orient than now, but the distance from New
York to the Orient will be cut one half! It would
i seem that Mr. Barrett carries his original system of
logic in international politics into his statement of
I commercial problems.
Perhaps the labor of travel in many countries and
the interesting and often thrilling personal expe
riences involved, none of which he attempts to con
ceal, have so occupied his time that he can only appear
I in the upper air of commerce, and has had no leisure
to devote to that part of the subject that is of the
earth, earthy.
In commerce transportation begins at the point
where the article exchanged is produced. The Orient
! may want Indian corn, raised in the Mississippi Val
ley, and when an isthmian canal is built it will go
down the Mississippi River, through the canal and
away, and San Francisco will never see it. This i*
! to illustrate the fact that if New York control now the
American trade of the Orient it is because within the
zone of production that pours its surplus into that
city for export there are produced the articles of com
' merce which oriental trade demands. San Francisco
i has a zone of production whose surplus comes here
, for export. That zone is nearer the Orient than the
i one which outlets through New York, but if it does
I not produce what the Orient wants nor consume what
'. the Orient has to exchange, it might be next door to
the oriental market and yet have no oriental trade.
j Seaports, canals and oceans don't trade with each
; other; as physical objects they have no exchanges.
They are the facilities- for use of peoples who trade
with each other.
Therefore, to swell our oriental trade we don't need
Senators, useful and nice though they be. We need
to produce more of what the Orient consumes and
; consume more of what the Orient produces, and in
' proportion' as we do this our trade will swell.
The Nicaragua canal is not a factor in the oriental
trade of this city. We want it built in order to profit
ably export lumber, base ores and other of our do
mestic products which do not bear long rail transit.
But as far as our oriental contracts and South Ameri
can trade are concerned the canal will take commerce
away from us. Mr. Barrett does not digest all his
facts together and present the resulting nutriment,
rejecting the waste. After kindly advising us in do
mestic politic=, and upon the canal, he said: "You
know, as practical merchants, that it is cheaper to
i carry anything in the bottom of a ship than it is
; across a great stretch of country in a railroad train."
Commerce from the Orient comes here now for rail
i transit East, and figures in the forty millions of for
eign trade of this city in the past seven months,
rather than double Cape Horn or Good Hope; but
open the isthmian canal and that trade goes from us
never to return, because it can go all the way by i
short route in the "bottom" of a ship, and we may
suggest to Mr. Barrett that some of it will doubtless
j find room in the hold.
Assessor Dodge seems to be an expensive sort of
luxury. In his anxiety to fool the public into the
', belief that he was working for their interest he stuffed
the assessment roll of San Francisco with any old
thing until it reached this year a figure more than
four hundred millions. In consequence the tax
payers of the city have had to contribute to the Stite
treasury $700,000 more than they did last year. If
that is the teaching of the new school of assessment,
for heaven's sake give us the old.
A MASSACHUSETTS SNAP,
THE Democratic Governor General of Massa
chusetts, ruling under the sovereignty of Wil
liam the First, is Mr. George Frederick Wil
liams. The organization in which Gaston, William
E. Russell, Josiah Quincy, Charles S. Hamlin and
Sherman Hoar were the lights and leaders has now
shriveled down to the size of Mr. George Fred. Wil
liams' pocket and is carried there like a "luck penny."
Mr. Williams is charged with the duty of keeping
the party small and manageable and harmonious, and
has accomplished it by the expulsion of about 60.000
of its former members, and building a trocha barbed
with the aphorisms of Bryan around it.
He guards well his trust and proposes that his
suzerain from Nebraska shall receive the tribute de
manded, in. the form of a unanimous delegation to the
next National Convention.
In the fear that this may be in jeopardy he has se
cured the delegation in advance. Mr. David B. Hill
of New York was once unwise in his day and genera
tion and called in that State a "snap convention" to
get a national delegation opposed to Mr. Cleveland.
1 He got the delegation, but compared to its effect on
him the shirt of Nessus was a silk undergarment. The
shadow of the snap followed him like his doppel
i ganger, until he retired into a political hole, and it is
now believed pulled the hole in after him, for there
is no sign of him nor of the place where he disap
peared.
Unmindful of his fate, George Frederick, Governor
I General of the Massachusetts Democracy, has pro
j ceeded to elect in September, 1899, a delegation to the
I National Convention of 190 Q. As a snapper he ex
cels Hill, as greatly as does that fish, the red snapper,
excel a sucker.
At a recent conventicle of the Governors General
of the New Democracy, so new as to be "fresh," in
deed, he was warned that his snap in Massachusetts
might fire a gun heard around the Union — a sort of
an alarm gun that would start a reaction against the
present owners of the party. He was requested to
give a reason for his snap, and he frankly declared
that it was in order to get a Bryan delegation, which
might be doubtful in a State convention next year.
This admission is of great importance. It does not
imply that the 60,000 incomunicado Democrats of
.Massachusetts are going to become comunicado
with the party. But it means that there are signs of
fatigue among the starving concentrados who consti
tute Mr. Williams' forces. What he can compel them
to do now he fears he could not make them do next
year.
This Massachusetts symptom is not local; it is
general. There is a growing panic among the Bryan
forces. They are not in fear of invasion, but are ter
rified by the prospect of defection. Being anxious
I that Mr. Bryan shall continue to add to the gayety
] of nations by again playing an engagement as "The
imitation of a man running for President," we have
to propose that snap conventions be held in all the
States, in order to secure delegations that will pull
open the vocal throttle of the boy orator, aged 44, and
let his mind rest again while he talks.
In the eagerness to get food supplies to the people
of Porto Rico rendered destitute by the recent hurri
cane the Government officials of the War Department
chartered a foreign vessel as a transport, but when
the ship arrived the civil officers would not permit 1:
to unload because, being a foreign craft, it had no
right to carry goods from one American port to
another. It was a beautiful snarl for a while, but it
is all right now.
The Democratic donkey in Massachusetts made a
wild attempt to upset the apple-cart at the State con
vention on Thursday, but failed, and George Fred
Williams will drive in all right at the National Con
vention with the State delegation in his pocket Vir
i tually he has "got there" already.
THE ST. LOUIS RESOLUTIONS.
I — ', ROM the anti-trust conference at St. Louis the
public gets about what it expected — a set of
resolutions denouncing trusts in good set terms
and demanding "the enactment and enforcement by
the several States and the nation of legislation that
shall adequately and fully define as crimes any at
tempted monopolization or restraint of trade in any
line of industrial activity, with provisions for adequate
punishment, both of the individual or the corporation
| that shall be found guilty thereof, punishment to the
corporation to the extent of dissolution."
Among the acts of remedial legislation proposed are
a provision for publicity in corporate business, along I
| lines similar to those recommended by Bourke Cock
ran at Chicago, the subjection in every State of foreign
corporations to the same laws as are imposed upon
those incorporated within the State; the prevention of
one corporation from having another corporation as I
one of its constituent parts, or of owning or controlling j
the stock of another corporation engaged in the same |
or a competing business; the prevention of a corpora- j
tion from doing business in any State when it is a ,
member of a pool or a trust in another State, and the
1 requirement that all capital stock of private corpora
: tions must be fully paid up.
None of these suggestions are new and several of
them have been long under discussion. In particular
public sentiment has long been in favor of devising
some means of remedying the evil which has resulted
from permitting a corporation to obtain a charter in
one State for the purpose of evading the laws of the
State in which it purposes to do most of its business.
The Southern Pacific Company of Kentucky hr\s
made the people of California fairly familiar with the
gross abuses which can be made of that privilege of
our law, and of the importance of providing some
means of preventing them.
On that issue the conference adopted two declara
tions. One calls for the enactment by each State of
law? that will prevent the entrance of any foreign
created corporation into its limits for any other pur
pose than interstate commerce, except on terms that
will put the foreign-created corporation on a basis
of equality with the domestic-created corporation of
the State entered, and subject to the same laws, rules
and regulations of the State that it enters which are
applicable to the domestic corporations of that State.
The second calls for the enactment of legislation pro
, viding that a corporation created in one State to do
business exclusively in other States than when cre
ated shall be prohibited from admission into any State.
The second class of legislation demanded would be
a body blow at the Southern Pacific, for that company
is one of the corporations created by the State of
Kentucky with the provision that it shall not do busi
ness in Kentucky.
As the men who attended the conference are law
yers, it is fair to assume that the legislation they
recommend would be constitutional if properly drawn
up. It would therefore be worth while for the States
to put some of the less radical among them to the test.
An act preventing corporations from being organ
ized on fictitious capital, for example, might go far
toward checking the tendency toward fraud and undue
speculation which is now so notable in the East.
Such laws of course would not prevent trusts, but they
might correct some of the abuses which have grown
out of the corporation system of doing business.
Bourke Cockran's suggestion that the business of
trusts be made public is a most excellent one, but who
will audit the books, make up the statement, specify
for what purposes all sums were expended and make
oath that the figures don't lie?
Goldwin Smith, writing in a Canadian newspaper
with reference to the approaching celebration in
honor of Admiral Dewey, says Canada cannot pos
sibly take part. Well, hardly. Americans do not want
any Canuck? at the feast.
The warmth with which the Eastern press is com
mending Cornelius Vanderbilt as a philanthropist now
that he is dead has never been surpassed except by
that with which it denounced him as a plutocrat while
he was alive.
The French general staff gives evidence of improve
ment since the termination of the Dreyfus court
martial. A dispatch from Paris announces the death
(if another of its members in the person of General
Brault.
The American Society of Dancing Masters, accord
ing to a Chicago paper, has taken up the question,
"How to hold your lady in the dance." The answer
seems obvious — don't introduce her to a handsomer
man.
After having borne the brunt of the rhetoric of two
conferences, the trust problem stands just where it
did before and has the same aspect-
A STRUCTURAL DIFFICULTY.
IT MAY NOT BE EASY TO CORRECT HIM, EVEN WHEN YOU KNOW HOW.
— Chicago News.
AUDITOR WELLS TO
ABIDE BY THE LAW
WILL ESTABLISH A TEACHERS'
SALARY FUND.
There is apparently some little trouble
ahead of the Finance Committee of the
Hoard of Education in the segregation
of its funds for the current fiscal year.
At its meeting on Thursday the commit
tee outlined its funds as follows:
Teachers' salaries J1.000.956
Office and shop salaries 22,658
Janitors' salaries 56,946
Rents b.ioo
es, not fixed
Auditor Wells, however, adheres to his
resolve to follow the law passed by the
last Legislature with regard to teai hers 1
.salaries. That law provides that the Su
peTvisors shall create a fund to be des
ignated teachers' salary fund, and shall
apportion to it an amount equal to the
sum expended for the purpose during the
previous year. The fund can be drawn
upon n>r no other use, arid if the Su
pervisors fail in their duty the Auditor
is authorized and directed to comply with
the law in their stead.
Last year there was paid out in teach
ers' salaries $850,463. Add to this the No
vember and December salaries which
were held up. amounting to SIT9,S4^, and
the fund which should be made this year
under the latest law is $1,029,799, which is
$28,813 more than the Finance Committee
intends using for that purpose.
Different members of the School Board
contend that the law of the last Legis
lature is unconstitutional, and A..
Wella is also inclined to that opinion, but
says that until the courts have passed
upon the question there is nothing f.>r
h;ni to do but obey the law as it stands.
The Finance Committee will meet with
the Auditor on Tuesday morning at 11
o'clock, and there Is little doubt that
some satisfactory arrangement will be ar
rived at between them.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
S. Moderow, a traveler from Berlin, is i
registered at the Palace.
Sig Wormser, a heavy oil speculator of
Fresno, is registered at the Lick.
A. W. Fox, a wealthy mining man of
Carson, New, is at the Grand.
Walter yon Cleff. a big manufacturer of
New York, is staying- at the California.
Captain William G. Cutter, U. S. N., is i
one of the recent arrivals at the Palace.
G. A. Bottsford, one of the prominent
attorneys of Visalia. is a guest at the i
Lick.
Judge W. H. McGee, a prominent jurist
of Pasadena, Is among the late arrivals at
the Grand.
Dr. G. H. Fleet, one of the leading phy
sicians of McCloud, is among the recent
arrivals at the Grand.
W. H. Hulbert, a prominent railroad !
man of Portland. Or., is in the city. He is
staying' at the California.
J. W. Churchill, a wealthy lumberman
of Yreka, is at the Occidental, accom- |
panled by his wife and son.
E. D. Goodridge, a prominent Maiden
lane jeweler, is registered at the Lick
from his home in New York.
Arthur Page, the well-known ship, in- I
surance and grain broker, has gone to
New York for a six weeks' vacation.
Rev. Allen W. Cooke, a missionary to
Japan, is staying at the Occidental, where
he arrived yesterday and registered from
! Tokio.
William Selever, a well-known flour man
of Portland, Or., is one of those who ar- j
rived in the city yesterday and went to j
the Lick.
George B. Dall, assistant postmaster at
Dunedin.New Zealand, is at the California,
where he went yesterday after landing
from the Mariposa.
Judge E. M. Ross has come up to the
city from his home In Los Angeles and is
staying at the Palace, where he can be
found for the next few days.
C. C. Kennedy, a big business man and j
planter of Hllo. H. 1., is at the Occidental,
accompanied by his wife and family. They
arrived yesterday from the islands on the !
Mariposa.
Dr. G. B. Snmers left last night for an
extended tour of Europe. Mrs. W, J.
Homers accompanies him to New York,
where she will spend some time and then
conclude her trip by visiting in New Eng
land and Washington, D. C.
General Manager W. G. Nevin. his sec
retary and Chief Engineer R. B. Burns
of the Santa Fe Pacific arrived in the
city yesterday. They come on business
connected with their road and are regis
tered at the Palace from Los Angeles.
A number of the members of an English
football team that has been winning laur
els in the Antipodes arrived yesterday on
the Mariposa from Australia. They are
scattered through the different hotels in
the city and will shortly leave for their
homes in the old country.
CALIFORNTANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— William A.
Hemphill and wife of San Francisco are
at the St. James. A. G. Musgrave of Los
Angeles Is at the Wlllard.
CORNELIUS SULLIVAN
HAS BEEN ACQUITTED
J URY FINDS THAT HE ACTED IN
SELF-DEFENSE.
Cornelius J. Sullivan has at last been
acquitted of murder. On August 27, 1898,
he shot his stepfather, J. L. Pratt, in a
little house on Minna street, near Eighth.
Four times he has stood trial for
the offense. The first, second and third
juries disagreed, but a majority of each
favored an acciuittal. Judge Lawlor re
fused to discharge the prisoner and he
was placed on trial a fourth time, before
the following jury: Martin Joost, Charles
Cole, Frank il. Thrall. Leon S. Greene
baum, William S. Redington, William T.
Adams, Charles J. Wentworth, William J.
Conard, Roland H. Powe.ll, Alfred J.
X' -lii.i <ly. Benjamin J. L'pham and An
tonio Devoto.
The jury retired at 11:45 o'clock yester
day morning and fifteen minutes later re
turned with a verdict of not guilty. The
now free man was complimented by As
sistant liistrict Attorney Salomon on his
final escape :t:'ier vigorous prosecution by
the complimenter during four different
trials. Sullivan then left the court.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DUELS— G. 8., City. In France the law
does not prohibit duels, but if one of the
duelists is killed the survivor may be
prosecuted for homicide and the relatives
of the deceased may sue the survivor for
damages, in Germany dueling is punish
able by imprisonment.
A MANS STRENGTH— M. C. R., City.
The muscles i 1 a man, in common with all
the organs of the body, have their stage 3
of development and decline. Physical
Btrengtl Increases up to a certain age
and then decreases. A great many tests
hav< been made, with the following aver
aye figures resulting for the white race:
The lifting power of a youth of IT is 280
pounds; at 20 It increases to 320 pounds;
THE SECRET SOCIETY
That incited the insurrection in the
Philippines — Its inside history and
secrets revealed.
THE WOMEN Of THE DREYFUS CASE,
Who they are and the parts they
played.
FOUR DAYS ON A PILOT-BOAT,
The exciting life of the hardy men
who guide ships into our harbor.
FATHER McKINNOnT
The soldier-priest
THE INDIAN
Who c ; aims Lake Tahoe as his
heritage.
STORY OF THE OLDEST TUGBOAT
On the Pacific Coast.
THRILLING EXKRIENCES
Of an Irish regiment in a thunder-
storm — One of the most remark-
able incidents recorded in the
English War Department.
THE WAR TELEGRAPHERS
Meet and swap stones.
STEPHEN CRANE'S THRILLING STORY
"Active Service.' 1
HOUSEKEEPERS' DEPARTMENT
And a ho3t of interesting Features
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL,
at 30 or 31 It reaches its height,3s6 pounds.
At the end of the thirty-first year it be
gins to decrease, slowly at first, but
surely; by the fortieth year it has fallen
to 348. and at the age of 50 it has fallen to
330 pounds. After that strength fails rap
idly until the weakness or old age 13
reached.
FLYING THE FLAG— A. &., City. If
an American orders a ship built on any
foreign territory he must sail her under
the flag of the territory on which she was
built, and cannot sail her to the United
States under American colors. She can
carry the American flag by special act of
Congress or by being rebuilt on American
territory to the extent of more than one
half.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> at Townsend'B. •
Special information supplied daily to
bu^ness houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Yesterday's Insolvent.
G. W. Dearborn, insurance Agent, East
Oakland, JS33S 26, assets. Insurance policy
for $3»XO.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Vphnlstered tourist sleeper through to St.
Paul every Tuesday night. No change. Th;s
car Is nicely upholstered In leather and Is ex
tremely comfortable In every respect Pullman
sleeping cars of the latest pattern on every
train. Tickets sold at lowest rates to all points
T. K. Stateler. Gen. A^t., 638 Market »t..
San Francisco.
Cheap Rates.
September 29 to October 5 Inclusive, the San
ta Fe Route will sell tickets to Chicago at very
low rates. Occasion. corner-stone laying
Government building and fall festivities. Get
full particulars at «:'<; Mattel street.
Nothing contributes more to digestion than
the use of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters.
Don't accept an imitation.
■ ♦ ■
The charm of beauty Is beautiful hair. S«
eure it with Parker's Hair Balsam.
ITindercorns, the best cure for corns. 15c.WET nppiu WE WANT TO TELL YOU, *
*— < %_*/ 1 *— II Our old friends and patrons and the public at large, I
TO^■^ A \ / about our ELEGANT NEW STORE, where everything |
v J^l J /A ■ is new-the goods, the store-everything but the name, }
! that is old--you all know it. We bid you welcome }
TO-DAY, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23d. {
f
— ; ~~~~ *
Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits BlacK Taffeta Silk Skirts Ladies' Colored Taffeta Silk Waists ALL GOODS MARKED T
Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits Black Taffeta SilK SKirts Ladies' Colored Taffeta SilK Waists ; ;-._-. ;.!-.- &
IN PLAIN FIGURES.
Ladies' Plush Capes Colored Taffeta SilK SKirts Ladies' BlacK Taffeta Silk Waists *
STRICTLY ONE PRICE. £
Ladies' Plush JacKets 2£
Black Peau de Soie SilK SKirts ™ ~ — 51
Black Satin Ductless Silk SKirts Ladies> B|ack SatJQ Waists A|| Goods GuaraQteed for Fit and Wear. |
Ladies' Sea! Jackets , _ ... . ■ SS
Ladies Fao c y Waists
Ladies' Fur Collars Black Crepon SKirts Ladies . Black pipaca Waists |
Ladies' fur Capes Black Cloth Skirts Ladies' Cloth Waists No ° c But Competent Salesmen *
BlacK Moreen Skirts and Salesladies Employed. J
Colored Moreen Skirts +§►
Ladies' Cloth JacKets Figured Alpaca SKirts f
Misses' Clotb Jackets Ladies' Umbrellas Best Lighted Store in the City. £•
Ladies' Cloth Capes Ladies' Fancy Neckwear Gentlemen's Umbrellas Tbe Largest Suit g,
Misses' Cloth Capes Ladies' Feather Boas Ladies' Fancy Belts House West of Chicago. *
- *
— — . — ' == %
J. O'BRIEN & CO., J. O'BRIEN & CO., J. O'BRIEN & CO., J. O'BRIEN & CO., 1
(142-H46 Market St. 1142-1146 Market St. 1142-1146 Market St. 1142-1146 Market St. J
L ■ ; %
MONTANA MEN
REACH PORT OH
THE ZEALANDIA
Half of the Regiment
on Board.
The Zealandta. with Colonel H. C. Kes>s
ler and six of the companies of the Mon- j
tana regiment aboard, steamed Into the i
harbor yesterday morning; about 11 1
o'clock. Just a month ago this gallant ;
regiment left Manila aft-r a full year of
meritorious service in which many of the j
men, both officers and file, have won >
honor at the cannon's mouth and blaz- \
oned their State banners with a record
which will last for all time. The Mon
tana, ranks hare been thinned by the
havocs of war and by tropical disease,
but the part that its regiment played in
Manila will never be forgotten.
Having- a clean bill of health; the quar
antine officers passed the ship and an
hour after she cast anchor in the stream.
The tugs Governor Irwin and Governo^
Markham. with the California and Mon- j
tar.a reception parties on board, met^the i
incoming transport and as scon as the |
quarantine was removed the Montana ;
celegation led by Governor Smith and the \
Calliornlans headed by Julius Kahn i
scrambled up the ship's ladder. j
The Ze&landia orougnt over 2.3 men of ;
the Montana regiment, eight men in the j
United Stales hospital service and L'lu dis- ;
charged soldiers. James Ashton, a dis- j
charged soldier of Com] . E, Fourth
United States Infantry, died on Septem- j
ber 17 from pneumonia. His body was
embalmed at sea and the remains;
brought to this City. The body of Joseph
B Morse, second lieutenant in the Ninth
United States Infantry, who died In Ma- ;
u:la on August 15, Is also on board. Morse ,
■vva.« a young soldier who left here for Ma- i
1 ..a. about a year ago. He -Is- the brother J
of George E. Morse, a clerk In Judge
de Haven's court who married the niece
of President McKlniey. The dead soldier ,
■was well known in this city, where he j
lived ever since he was a boy. Tne ray- j
zees of the dread Manila typhoid fever i
KM Its hand upon him and he never rose j
from his bed. He was but 22 years of
UH \Vhen the Zealandia sailed from Ma- 1
nila 'she carried sixteen sick men, who j
needed the care and attention of the hos
pital corps from the time the ship!
weighed anchor. Those who were wound
ed or have been laid low by illness and
lave not yet fully recovered from the :
"'ctsae: Abraham L. Clem, Company
L>- ("car Gustafsen. Company D. Third
Artillery; Albert E. Boutrager Company
X, Flfty-nrst Iowa; Corporal V.ihiam
Kiockem<?Ker, Company I- , * iro -ti.st j
lowa.; John K. Hehr, Hospital coips. U. ;
S. A.; Douglas M. Morreli. Company 11.
Twenty-first Infantry; \ ; rgh H. Mahon,
Company L, Twentieth Intantry; Berry
H. Young. Company D. Twenty-second
infantry H»nry V. T. Jarnell, Battery
ll Third' ArtUleW} Chauaeey Tesh. Bat
tery H. Third Artillery; John L. Barker. ;
Company M, Twenty-third Infantry; :
Horace H. Kmith, Troop E. Fourth Cav
alry; M. J. Scarry, dlsonarged, lhird Ar
fllery; Joseph MardlcX. Twentieth Kan
s'uk- George Hmi. First Moiitaiia; . ''•
Dresser, discharged. Fourth Cavalry:
Darwin 12oots, First Montana; Michael
Butler, Fourth Infantry; Thomas Kln
sello of the Fourth United States Infan
truii board the chip was Lieutenant Col
onel Boyle of the Nineteenth Infantry,
U S A., who is on his way to New York.
He was given a. leave on account of 111
--ues« but is anxious to return to the serv
ice again, as his health has been steadily
improving since he left Manila. When
questioned about the fighting in Manila
i c said that General Otis had done all
that could be done under the circum
stances. "He has had to look out for
civil and military affair*," he said. "More
men are needed to conquer the Philippine
Islands, which I think will be an accom
plished fact after the next season's cam
iiafKn Wo have enough men there at
tir^sent to whip them and we have done j
that but it needs many more soldiers to
conquer the Philippines. The ting- is
of the desultory rid. skirmishing and
that order of warfare. It was nothing '
liKe that it. cuoa, where we naa two or
■
.-;.;:.-. c. Kessler of the Flr.n
i happy man yi-pterday
when ■ - I through the
straits into the bay. Ills favorite subject
- ment, and he Is proud of every
In it.
"1 do not say that we had the b«st regi
• int, but our m~n were al
_ ■ work and I said.
■ • nd the
index ' •
'.J not daunt their spirits
ism.
with the army of the Po
. .-v~r m\v such £i
roying ls the work in
_ -. where we experi
. more mo.-- ne day than we
have in Montana in a month. Of the In
r country and it? prospects 1 can say
g, as we were not allowed to inves
tigate for oursri- -
rig the passengers was Lieutenant
L. J. Donovan : sty-first Infan- j
ho was -.'. • ■ Sa- .
• bridge. ll
barge for ■ ml? after this.
r-ap. Th» i
■ ■ . icter as to lay
■ ■hs Prank B. I
■I b Cavalry, aiso ret .
on the Zealandia. Ii- Is i son of the
. of the First I rnia.
The offi<-f > rs of the First Montana and I
the companies which they brought back !
with them are: Colonel H. C. Ke.-=sler, '
• Colonel R. H. ("ook. Majof i".
.rg». a: First Lieu
t W. B. Knowlton, adjutant: First
i r.ant A. Sead^rf. Quartermaster: ;
F\r*i Lieutenant Le Roy Bouthmeyde, as-!
rgeon; Firs' Lieutenant William :
Brown and Second Lieutenant J. M.
Craft
< 'f.mpany D— Captain G. W. Rlef . First
tenant E. J. Oa: n ar.. Second Lieu-!
Q. E. Louman.
1 'ompany E— First Lieutenant F. J.
Balrd, Second Lieutenant C. H. Virden.
pany G— Captain E. "W. Wynne. !
At Alex. I>aist.
' H — First Lieutenant Samuel
tenant hi ies Kelly.
X— Captain T. S. Dillon, First
. ■ G. K. K'lmpe.
M — Captain John Hal'lhan.
First at Arthur O'Leary and
at A. H. L-'gan.
The docked at the Folsom
>r!y this morning. The ;
r their !a.i:uir.g Is fixed for 9 '
i morning. As an escort to
r ute to th. j !-• sidlo Gen
r has ordered out Troop G, ,
Light Battery C of the'
Third Artillery and Batteries B, I. A and
N of the Third Artillery, ail under the
command of I>:»-utt-nant Colonel Randolph
or the Third Artillery.
other passengers on the Zealandla.
were:
Lieutenant Colonel \V. H. Boyle, Nine.
teenth Infantry, U. 8. A.; I'aptain Carver
Hrwland, Fourth Infantry, t*. S. A.: Mr».
Carver Howiar.d: Captain H. I 1 Hum-
Fourth Infantry, IT. s. A.: Lieu
tenant L. J Donovan, Twenty-flrsi In
fantrw U. S. A.: Dr. J. T. Kirkpatrick.
A.; Mrs. J. T. Kirkpatrick i£ n _ m.
C. E : ap'aln C. J Sawtelie Jr.,
- ant quartermaster, D. B. A : Mrs. c.
J. Bawtellle Jr. and baby. George A.
tright. E. J. Sittig. N. W Pet<rs.
J. R. dv Chancy: Frank B. Duboce. 1
L. Fourth Cavalry, U P. A.: J. H. Jen
ipany I. Fourteenth Infantry,
'. B. > Dowd, Mrs. W. N. Pwart-
Vi -: >.'-;slc!a.n Harry Roberts.
l":r«: U : I
The Valencia, with the remaining com
panies of the First Montana, is expected
• -iay.
SPLENDID CAREER OF
THE MONTANA MEN
IN THE PHILIPPINES
THK gallant fellows from the Moiin- ]
tain State, who sailed away i
through the Golden Gate some fif
teen months ago. bring back with
ti. n: a record as men and soldiers !
of which their Governor and fellow elti- .
zens who have come down to give them
a first greeting. ar»d moro who have wait
ed with a wilder welcome when they are
actually at home, may well be proud.
I» is a record which any veteran regi
ment of many campaigns' seaVcnin* may
well erw. Whether in the comfortlts3
onrr.r on the march under a torrid sun,
lighting their wav step by step through
swamp and Jungle, or in the dark and
dancer of the picket vigil, every duty has
been promptly and well done.
\naconda. Butte. Bozeman and the
other borne towns of the several comjja- I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. 1899.
nles of the Montana regiment owe no
small token of recognition to the brave
and manful fellows, who have so glori
ously won the honors for them.
The regiment sailed from San Francisco
on the transport Pennsylvania June 20,
IS9S. They were assigned to General Mac-
Arthur's division, and with the Twentieth
Kansas, part of the Tenth Pennsylvania
and two batteries of the Third Artillery
acting as infantry made up the brigade
commanded by Brigadier General H. G.
Otis, which was stationed on the left of
the American line between Tondo and
Caloocan. Their active campaigning be
gan with the Filipino outbreak on the
night of February 4, and from that time
until some weeks after their last battle,
neur San Fernando June 16, one hundred
and forty-eight days, they were on con
tinuous duty at the front, marching,
righting and picketing, winning frequent
commendation in general order? and oftl
clal dispatches for their cheerful readi
nesa for any duty and their gallantry on
the Held. In this campaign of twenty
one weeks the regiment, which left here
with one thousand and thirty men, lost
by death on the -< or in the hospital
thirty-three men. with one hundred and
twenty-nine more or less severely wound
ed, a very large proportion of each being
commissioned and non-eommissfoned offi
cers. Their list of killed, as compared
with the wounded, and the few deaths
from wounds received In action, five in
all. speaks well for the hardy physical
make-up of the men and the efficient at
tention of their surgical staff.
The wing- of the Filipino army opposed
to the American left was commanded by
General Luna In person, and composed
of the best trained and beat equipped
troops In their service. Yet in not one
single instance were the Montana men
known to halt or ever falter after the
word was given to advance. Picked off
as they went by the well-covered enemy,
with his Mauser rifle and smokeless pow
der, yet the result was always the same.
Filipinos routed and the field won.
The story of their fighting In detail
would involve a history of the move
ments of Otis' brigade from the first
to the last of the campaign.
In the fighting before Caloocan and the
capture of that place on February 10, the
Montanas lost three killed and thirty
three wounded; and the operations be
tween Caloocan and Malabo n later In
that month added four more to the killed
and fifteen to the list of wounded.
On March 19 the rebrigading of the
troops took the Pennsylvanians from
8S !; B**fi *i *'* B ****** !2 KB B S2 B B B 'B ?• s*iBB n SJB 88 88 !8 88 88 88 88 988
I STRENGTH FOR MEN.i
a _ a
8? V
a The Dr. Sanden Electric Belt with attachment for men a
P gives strength and overcomes the effects of early indiscretions **
it or later excesses. 6,030 gave willing testimony during JB9B.
8S Established 30 years. Write for free book explaining all, a
a or drop in at my office and consult me without charge. 88
a - — 88
43 TYD T A Q A TVTTYI7TVT 18 Third St San Francisco, Oal 88
a USX, 1. A. OAINJLfJjII, Office Hoars 9to 6. Sunday 11 to 1. a
88 • • .... ■ ... .... . 88
S-BBBBBSBBSaSBBSBBaMBBBBBSSBBBBBBBSa
Otis' brigade. leaving the Montanas, the
Twentieth Kansas and the two batteries
of the Third Artillery, who remained to
gether until the end of the campaign.
"When Mac Arthur's advance on Malo
los began on March 24 the Montana men
were still on the extreme left of the
American line, and In the three days that
followed in clearing- the enemy out from
. Malabon to Palo they lost five killed and
twenty-two wounded. From that time on
! to the capture of Pan Fernando. May 6,
: the returns from every field included the
I names of a greater or less number of the
■ Montana regiment, the advance from Ma
lolos to alumpit and the capture of the
latter place entailing a loss of four killed
am] fourteen wounded.
The several cities and towns of Mon
tana represented In the regiment have all I
contributed to the casualty list, though
Continued on Paga Eleven.
Wanted to Be a Soldier.
Jesse Miles, a boy 17 years of age, was
arrested at the Prtsldlo yesterday after
noon by Detectives Dinar, and Reynolds
and taken to the City Prison to await
the arrival of relatives from Kansas City.
The boy disappeared from home, and
after his father, who Is a railroad official
In Kansas City, had telegraphed all over
the country, It was ascertained that he
had gone with the Thirty-second Regi
ment, arriving here Thursday. He was
anxious to be a soldier and go to Ma
nila, He was attached to Company Li
and the members of the company had
provided htm with a uniform.
Now is the delightful time of the year to
j visit the country. Take a trip on the
j Ukiah excursion Sunday, September 24.
through Marin, Santa Rosa, Russian
River and Ukiah valleys. Every one
i guaranteed a seat. Round trip $2. Leave
; Tiburon ferry $:30 a. m. Remember that
although It may be foggy and disagree
able in San Francisco you are certain to
find it clear and pleasant on this trip. v
.■ ♦ ■
Commander Removed.
BERLIN. Sept. 22.— Colonel yon Langen
Mantel, commander of the Munich mili
i tary academy, has been removed from his
1 post on the charge of having forbidden
i the cadets to cheer for Emperor William.
■ ♦ ■
' October styles Standard Patterns, the only
J high grade, low priced seam-allowing patterns.
I Domestic Office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth. •
MUNYON'S INHALER
#*% CATARRH
V J^if? Colds » Coughs,
Hay Fever, Bron-
B^BnPß^^chitis, Asthma
CmkILJjJ KJB an d a " Diseases
WWotr ot the Throat and
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are Inhaled
through the month and emitted from the nos-
trils, cteacsln? and Taporlzlng all the inflamed
aod diseased parti which canaot be reached by
medicine taken into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heals the raw
places— lt goes to the teat of disease— It acts a*
a balm and tonic to the whole system— fl.oo at
druggists or tent by mail. 1506 Arch St., PM to»
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative. Invljorator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
■ The Mexican Remedy foe. Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells oh Its own Merits.
NABER, ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
313 Market street. 8. (Send for Circular.)
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (?AT.), SEPT. JJ.
Parquet, 26c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part.
FREDERICK ALLEN and
MOLLIE FUIX.ER.
BRIGHT BROTHERS,
ETINSON and MERTON.
TERRT and LAMBERT.
BACHELOR CLUB.
CHARLEY CASE,
CRAWFORD SISTERS.
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
BAND.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN £32.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 5:15.
Best Reserved Seat In the Theater Be.
THE BANNER BUSINESS OF THE SEASON.
Th« Rice of the City, This Afternoon and
Evening, the Comic Opera Success
of Ye«rs,
THE
DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER.
Don't miss the glorious finale to the second
net, encored four tlme« nightly. Don't miss
the beautiful white and silver march of beau-
tiful girls. Don't miss the best and most en-
joyable entertainment in the town. Usual
popular prices, lf-c. 15c. 25c. 3.V- and ICc.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 2&c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. ■
TO-DAY! CHILDREN'S DAT!
Concessions Free Before 2:30 p. m.
AnriF~ THE DANCING— | IrtlVQ
AUUIL-GIRL AND HER-L.IUIIO
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW. AND
HARMON AND SEABURY,
The "World's Champion High Divers.
TO-NIGHT— SPECIAL !
JEFFRIES-FITZSIIRMONS FIGHT t
Reproduced by the Anlmatoscopc
Phone for Seats. Park 23.
See the i:. GIANT GALAPAGOS. ALL ALIVE!
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
Nothing Succeeds
Like Success!
The most original, beautiful
and wonderful exposition oS
all is the
MECHANICS' FAIR
AT THE PAVILION.
You will net soon again see the curious Fili-
pinos In their native garbs and tropical huts,
making rope, braes Jewelry, articles, etc.. nor
the great Filipino circus. Once In a lifetime
you can see the genuine Plmas Indians at
their native avocations.
TO-DAY— MATINEE
Ladies receive Beautiful Souvenir*— -cups and
saucers, plaques, trays, fans, etc.— by buying
tickets at box office. There will be children's
fancy dances, cake walks, etc., on stage in
main hall.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Society Cake Walk, with eight couples entered,
for medals and city championship.
SPECIAL FILIPINO ACT ON MAIN STAGE.
Free exhibit of Mrs. Hearst's University
Plan In Balcony.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS.
Amateur Billiard Tournament start* Monday:
also Great Carrier Pigeon Show. No extra,
charge of admission.
Bee the Raising of a Wreck fromJhe Bottom
of the Sea at the Pavilion to-night— wonderful
and realistic.
ALCAZAR™?
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW. SUNDAY.
MATINEE AND NIGHT.
Last performances of the funniest comedy yet.
TOO MUCH. .
JOHNSON . . .
NEXT WEEK !
The New York Lyceum Theater Success,
"THG IDLER." ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
"LOHENGRIN."
LAST TIME OF THE GREAT OPERA.
The Sensational Success,
"OTHELLO."
This Evening and Sunday Night.
POPULAR PRICES 23 and 50 CENTS.
Telephone for Seats — Bush 9.
NEXT WEEK "OTHELLO" will be sung
four times owing to the enormous demand.
Flotow's opera, "Martha," four performances.
000000000000000000
8*B" PALACE ** D S
ZGRANDmmkMI
jl 8411 FRANCISCO. Q
** Connected by a covered ptsa&rewar. TT
O 1400 Roomr— 9oo vi b Bath Attached. *>
O All Under One iiar.sgernent. O
O KOTX TIE PBICZS: O
D EuropeanPlan.fl.OO per day and upward O
CI American Plan. per day and upward n
** Correspondence Solicited. v
jO JOSH 0. XISXFA7XICX, Kaa&ftT. O
avo 00000000000000 O
I AMUSEMENTS.
walterl main's
3-Ring
I Circus.
MENAGERIE!
RACING CARNIVAL!
ROUGH RIDERS!
TO-DAY AT 2. TO-NIGHT AT 8.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOSI.
ALSO SUNDAY.
PRICES:
General admission 500
I Children 250
Reserved seats „ 750
Chairs in grand stand #1.» m)
, Seats in Vienna boxes $1.5U
SALE NOW ON AT WILL & FINCK"3.
: BASEBALL
SACRAMENTO
vs.
OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3 T*. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 f*. M.
■
RECREATION park,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 25 CENTS.
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899- CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-ISO)
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 23. 1399.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
' Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
i 12:30 L 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. in., connect'?.*
! with trains stopping st the entrance to th»
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
' All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains v. Ala-
moda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
; cars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
1 These electric cars go direct to the track in fif-
teen minutes. '"\j- , . .
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:ls and,
1 4-45 p to and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
OONCEBTS AND AESOHTS.
GLEN PARK,
: ADMISSION 10c
THIS SUNDAY SEPTEMBER M
TAKE A RIDE IN THE
AUTOMOBILE.
; Balloon ascension and parachute Jump; valu-
able-gate prizes from Emporium; prize bi-
cycle races, permission C. A. C. C. athletic
j competitions for valuable prizes.
J DANCING EVERY SUNDAY IN PAVILION.
teUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS'
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:80 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN, la.
I Bathing, Including admission. IS; Children, .3*.
78
RACING AND WINTER SPORTS
CLATTER OF HOOFS
MARKS THE OPENING
OF WINTER RACING
First In the fi<Md. the California Jrvokey
club will Inaugurate the regular fall and
winter racing season at Oajtland racing
track fterhoon. Ushered in some
what iMi-lli r ;':an In past seasons, owing
to differences existing between the men
3 the bay and the Western Turf Aa
s tructing a racecourse
in Mateo County, the prospect of
some Rreat sport is assured. The tracks
In the K.ist have :.>>t as yet closed and
[vine performers will be missed,
but the card presented is one which can
not fail to attract lance.
In the opening handicap, over a mile,
with a gross valuation of (1000, a splendid
field will i test for tin* prize. Mount
McGregor U was at one time one <»f the
star actors "n the local turf, and t'mm
well, Hohenzollern, Rosinante, ]>>st Girl
and J( nnie Reid should K+ve htm a great
The weights h;ive been al
lotted with rare skill and there will be
no odda-on favorite.
As a whole, the programme could be
a gathering of California horses.
"We I : nl.t racing by East
ern h>it?>-< and owners, and why shuuM
rltlcally Inclined • •nmplain if far
Western owners who will need it are
given an opportunity to wfn purses? The
, the other side of the Rockies
will noi be tardy in arriving. The occa
sion will also be marked by tht* return to
turf of A. B. Spreckels. whost I
milfar red, white and blue colors were so
popular a couple oi seasons ago.
The ridins: matt-rial for the time being
will be limited. Thorp* being the only
top-notcher available. However, Duffy,
Macklin, Devin. Ruiz. FVawley, Morse.
■ - and Moun< c are all capable of
work in the saddle. Then, too, there
ar.- a numl'i-r of promising green boys
It is not long since Spencer, "Skeets"
Mnrtin and Hullman, now riders of na
tional reputation, sprang from this latter
class.
The starting will be, as usual, in the
• ol J. B. Ferguson, who arrived
from New York on Thursday. The track
looks like a piece of velvet, but will prob
ably not be lightning fast to-day, a new
WANT TO BEAT
"FOR FREEDOM"
Australian Courting Men Send
Over Their- Fleetest Grey
hounds.
The steamer Mariposa, which arrived
rdaj , brought six greyhounds from
Australia. One. :i strongly marked
1 .ri :..::-- dog, Is for the coursing linn of
Bterl & Knowles, owners of Sleety Mist
ther i; i performers. Their latest
Importation Is by Harkaway-Gertle. The
are consigned to Dan 110 -
They have been especially selected
in t'ne hope of securing a dog that can
i the unbeaten For
:. in. The dogs stood the voyage
and will be ready to go to the slips
in a fortnig •
The annual plains meeting of the Inter-
Coursing Club will be held at Mer
the second week in November. The
stake will be an open one, do limit being
placed "n th<- number of entries. The
. n trance fee will !>.■ $W. Tne m» .ting will
stend through I hree days. All
preparations will i>e made for the meet
ing, out If rain does not fall the dates
ng< d. < loursing men object tv
running the dogs on the hard ground.
( >\ .-r Ji^'t prize money is being dis
liui.-;..i bj ■ rks this week. Ingle
has an exceptionally itrong stake,
many 1 1 <>>:.-> of lii^ii class being entered.
They were drawn well, and should pro
vide good Bport from ihe time the nrst
ire .-!:ipp"<l In the rundown. The
to be run at Union Park this morn
ing does not compare with t!n>«e which
will result when the weaker >logs are
■.1 out. The later rounds wiil pro-
Dsational coursing.
Al Austin has two of tne most promising
Baplings on tin- coast. On* la by Master
Glenkirk-High Born Lady, while the
other is bj iCmin Pasha-Boaa, full sister
Ing Ansel. They will Dot be
run for B me months. being allowed to
mi out and att tin their growth.
Beau Urummd, which is entered at
. Park to-day, is one .if the bsst
br< '1 dogs in tho world. His sire and
dam were presented to Buffalo Bill by
No\ • !.. the nitrate king-
J Eagan'a Mayflower has whelped a
litter of five puppies to For Freedom.
v. i . i rlasson's Border's Valentine has
mated with Emln Pasha,
j. T. Sbeehan, formerly flag steward at
Ingleslde, will Judge the forthcoming
: ami nto. He was in the
saddle at San Jose for some tim<.
HOMING PIGENS RACE.
John Filmer, the well known breeder of
homing pigeons, won the race of the Cali
fornia Homing Pigeon Club from San
Jose last Sunday with one of hr birds.
The average :!peed of his representative
was 1040.59 yards per minute, the fastest
time ever made over th«- course. Thw
race w^s the first of the young bird
southern series. The birds were liberated
at B:30 a. m., the weather !>einjj clenr,
v.ith r.o wind. The official record of the
performances of the various birds fol
lows:
John F"l!m««r'!» A"2 arrived :O:3J<Vi a. m. dis
tance 40 miles l""' 1 yards ; average speed, 1040
tS-100 yards per minute.
William Hartery's A 192 arrived 10:43U: dis
tance 43 miles 260 yards; average speed per
minute. 1029  2-100 yards. - .
A. Benjamin's A 1273 arrived 10:45. Distance
not yet measured. ~
H. C. Hemelright's A3O.V arrived 10:41%; dis
tance 39 miles 1500 yards; average speed,
970 77-100 yards per minute.
H. C. Worth's A 44 arrived 10:44: distance 42
miles; average speed, !)35 81-100 yards per min
ute. . •. ■
H. Van Cortebeek's A 223 arrived 10:49; dis
tance 41 1 miles; average speed, 918 31-100 yards
per minute. . 
G. names' A 1775 arrived" ll:07V6; distance 42
miles 1600 yards; average speed, 755 69-100 yards
per minute. : '
G. W. Marsh's AlOl2. arrived 11:1734; distance
43 miles 1700 yards; average, speed, 71S 1-10
James Jarvis' AI4S7 arrived '.ll:l3%; distance
4.0 miles 1300 yards; average speed, .«M 89-100
yards.
E. Connolly's A63S arrived ll:O7',4; distance
36 miles 430 yards; average ' speed, 651 41-100
yards.
The race from Tres Pinos-for the Me
chanics' Institute trophy will? he held to
morrow. Birds will be counter-marked at
632 Market street at noon to-day. . They
will be liberated at 9 a. m. to.-morrow.
The birds will ,be on • exhibition . at the
Mechanics' next week. • ."::•-..;■;_
top dressing" havinß"lately. been- put on.
There will be no scarcity of bookmakers,
a dozen or more firms signifying an inten
tion- to -cut- in. Among the more promi
nent are John Humphrey, Harlan & Co.,
Phil Archibald, Cook ft Hoffman. Henry
Schwartz & Co. and Otis Evans. ■
Burns . & "Water house will also send a
string to compete at the Los Angeles
j meet.
In all five races are down for decision
to-day, the entries. being; as follows:
First Five-eights- of a mile, two-year
olds; purse.
.. John Millln 118 1 (62)Constellator 107
10 My Gypsy 97 48 The Echo... 104
66 Drnidesa 107 21 Abbiolo 97
.. Towßer it*
' Second Futurity course, all aget«.
30 The Scot S2!32Mldlove 100
(47) February 108 25 P. F 103
.. Clarando 100!
I Third race— One mile and a sixteenth, three
yrtir-old-» and upward, selling.
24 Oralbee M C22)Plng 103
65 Fortis 991 61 Libertine 113
Fourth race— One mile. Opening handicap;
purse (1000.
(50)Mt. McGregor.. ..ll3 [(19) Lost Girl 9S
67 Hohenzollern ...108 .. Roslnante ll»9
(24)I.othlan 89 67 Jennie Reid 101
6G Monrovia 97. .. Mamie G S3
<67)Crurawell 117 1 « The Fretter 86
Fifth race— Three-quarters of a mile, selling,
■ three-year-olds and upward.
.. ("has. Le Bel 1071 22 Lomo 104
SO Somls 98 .. Socialist 11l
69 Watossa 961(39)Panam!nt 108
13 Beau Monde 107 .. Katie Gibbons. ..loo
21 San Augrustine... 98 .. Good Hope 98
5 Brown Prince. ...lo2 (SJ)Chlhuahua 107
; 69 Correct 96;
THE CALL'S SELECTIONS
First race — Constellator. The Echo, Dntiaess.
Second race— Mldlove, The Scot, February.
Third race— Fortis, Libertine, Oralbee.
Fourth race— Hohenzollern, Mt. McGregor,
Cromwell.
Fifth race — Good Hope, Panamint, Chihua-
I hua,
TO SCULL FOR
CHAMPIONSHIP
Oarsmen Propose to Adopt
Longer, Lighter and
Faster Skiffs.
At the annual meeting of the Pacific
Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union held last Monday night in the
! Olympic clubrooms eight organizations
j were represented, six of which were row
' ing clubs. Sixteen delegates were pres
. ent, thirteen of them from boating or
' ganizations. Sixteen amateur clubs now
! belong to the association.
J. Ft. Bookman, president of the retiring
i board of managers, read a report, in
which he Skid that an attempt would be
made to revive Rugby and Association
football and to encourage relay races and
I water polo. The association now exercises
I jurisdiction over eighteen classes of sport,
I among which are billiards, boxing, indoor
and outdoor baseball, football and rowing.
The control which it exerts over most of
| these sports is nominal rather than real,
and it concerns itself almost entirely
with rowing, jurisdiction over which has
1 been expressly abandoned by its parent
body, the Amateur Athletic Union. It has
found itself unable, after repeated efforts,
to collect from the universities of Stan
; ford and California the fees lor sanctions
| for football games. A schedule of football
games has been arranged between the
, Olympic Club and the two universities,
and the Association officials threaten to
disqualify the players and stop the game*
.it the fees are not paid. P. J. Franklin,
! the only representative of the University
i of California present at the meeting, said
| that he believed the. university would pay
th fees if the matter were properly stated.
i No delegate being . ( in attendance from
Stanford, its intentions could not be as
certained.
Notice was given by S. J. Pembroke of
. 1 the Alameda Boat Club of an amendment
; to the by-laws whereby the length of the
outrigged skiff should be increased and its
beam narrowed, the proposed boat to have
a length of 23 or 24 feet, a minimum beam
of 16 inches, and a smooth bottom. The
i boats in use at present are 20". feet*. long,
2 Feet wide] ami' weigh about 70 pounds.
The South End delegate. J. P. Foley, says
! that a smooth-bottomed boat of the di
mensions proposed is Impracticable in the
rough waters -of the bay, and that a boat
■of this class is,, already in existence,,
' though it Is scarcely ever used, ' namely,
the wherry.
The South End; Rowing Club has a new
senior barge crew, in training. Its mem
bers are E. Scully, M. J. Breen, J. Pallas
and J. Lyons. The junior crew, consisting
of J. P. Foley,' A. Hampton, C. Bkelly and
C. c. Dennis, Is in regular training, and
will row in the new barge built- by Al
Rogers.
Th- Ariel Rowing Club will be well rep
resented in the championship regatta at
j El Campo on October 15. The senior barge
crew is made up of H. Wilson, bow: Wil
liam Howe, No. , 2; Robert Ellis, No. 3.
[ and James Wilson, stroke. The junior
: barge crew is made up of Charles Wilson,
stroke; E. C. Peters, No. 2, F. Loth, No.
3, and E. J. Lynch, stroke. All these ■x
i cept Peters have had practice in barge
rowing, and all are six-footers; their ay
, erage weight is 170 pounds.
The Arlels will hold tryouts to decide
! ivho shall carry the club colors in the
: outrigged skiff race. ' The candidates are
: Ficken, Wilson and Haughton. Sternberg
and Kelley may form a junior barge crew,
; but otherwise will probably enter the jun
! ior skiff race. Three new members were
elected and five applications for member
ship were received at the last meeting of
the club. The order for a new skiff has
I been deferred until the association shall
j have settled on the dimensions of that
> class of boat.
The Alameda Boat Club will hold a re
gatta on Oakland Creek on October 1.
Atwell Webb, whose sister died recently,
has retired for the rest of the season
from the senior "barge crew. His place
will be taken by Eugene Hadcock. Chet
Ayers is stroking a junior barge crew, the
other members of which are E. T. Thorn
ing, C. Hague and Mr. Hainan.
■ * ■
Every ticket sold guarantees a seat on
the Ukiah excursion Sunday, September
24. Fare. $2. Leave Tiburon ferry at
a:80.a.,m. . .„; _. .... ■ --— n_*»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1899.
AWAIT THE BUGLE CALL TO THE POST.
THE sheen of silken jackets, the thunder of hoofs and the cheers of a multitude of spectators will usher In the O
winter racing season of 1*99-1900 at Oakland this afternoon. The officials of the California Jockey Club have g
left nothing undone which would insure the success of the meeting. The inaugural handicap at one mile will jj&
be the . d-bit of the programme. Charles Boots' buy horse, Hohenzollern. by Imp. Brutus-Brown Maria, Is fa- p
vored by many bettors for the big race. Galen Brown's horse Libertine, is also in demand. §&
STRIVING FOR
FIRST PLACE
Baseball Teams Are Eager
to Wrest Honors From
Sacramento.
Up to Sunday last it appeared the Sac
ramento ball tossers were running away
from all competitors in the race for the
championship trophy. The Santa Cruz
aggregation called a halt, and now It de
volves on the Oaklands to make the halt
a protracted affair. The Dudes are hot
on the trail of the leaders, and the local
fans, who have not yet lost all confidence
in Uncle Hank's team, are hoping that
Kwlng's men will shorten the gap be
tween first and uecond place. L»ast week
the Oaklands saddened the heart of the
Frisco manager by preventing the Priscos
from gaining on the leaders. They are
playing no favorites, entertaining as they
do the hope that-they may soon be in tho
race themselves.
The Oaklands have beaten all comer*
since, thrtr reorganization, and It now
remains to be seen whether they can be
stopped- b> Sacramento. On form— lf there
in any form in baseball— the Dudes should
win easily. They won four from Santa
Cruz and made the fifth a draw, and thon
Santa Cruz won two straight from Sac
ramento. So a form prognostication
should pronounce the Oaklands the win
ners of the coming series.
The line-up for to-day is as follows:
Sacramento. Positions. Oakland.
Stanley Catcher .- Hammond
Doyle Pitcher ..Harper or Borehers
O'Connor First base Hutchinson
Stulz Second base Francks
Sheehan Third base Lan^e
Easan Shortstop Sehmeer
McLa\nrhlln IWt field Mosklman
Shanahan Center field Dunleavy
Harvey Right field Hardle
THE DOG FANCIERS.
The San Francisco Kennel Club is about
to lose the services of as efficient a soo
retary as has ever served a kennel club
as an honorary official. Henry 11. Cail
ton has been compelled by 111 health to
retire permanently to his ranch in Napa
County and ha* tendered his reslßnationl
In tho history of bench shows in this city
no executive oftier-r has commanded and
merited more respect and popularity than
Mr. Carlton. It was almost
owing 1 to his efforts that the recent show
was such a brilliant success.
HTh<- Sf-nwatloii of the day in dogdom is
the breaking up of the Verona Collie
Kennels, probably the largest In the
United States. J. E. de Ruyter intends
to Bell all except Old H.-ill Admiral and i
Heather Mint. The collection Includes
Verona Mint's Admiral, Verona Pale
Face, Verona Admiral's Mint (first In
puppy and novice bitches), Veroiia Ap
probation (second in limit dogs). Heather
Molly (first in limit bitches), Verona
Braw Scot (second t<> Old Hall Admiral in
open dogs), Verona Bonnie Brae (first in
open bitches. Heather Mint not com
peting), and numerous young dogs out of
these. Mr. de Ruyter has reconsidered
his determination to keep St. Clare Lad
TARCOOLA. WINNER OF THE MELBOURNE CUP AND OF $150,000 IN STAKES
SPORTING CELEBRITIES FROM THE ANTIPODES.
Tarcoola, one time winner of the Melbourne cup race, a classic event of the
turf, arrived here yesterday on the steamer Mariposa from Australia. He will
be sent at once to Rulnart Stock Farm, of which R. Porter Ashe is president.
Tarcoola Is by Newminster out of Itnngtne. Newminster Is by Marqulfl Spa.
while Imogene is by King of the Ring Milksop. He won the Melbourne cup
when the purse was $r>o.ooo. running the two miles over the turf m 3:23%, l*»a
last five furlongs In 1:01^, having 124 pounds up. Entering the stretch he was
three lengths behind the bunch, which was led by Carriage, supposed to be the
greatest horse of the yenr. Tarooola made up the distance and ultimately won
by a head. The American record over an earthen track is S:3ff& He won the
Wllliarnstown cup, Queen's birthday handicap and ran third for the Caulfield
cup. It was conceded he would have won the latter had not his bridle slipped
off. He is eleven years old and is valued at $25,000. A two-year-old colt by him
sold recently for $1000. He was bred by James Redfern and is owned by W. H.
Dunphy. Alexander Dick is in charge of him.
Tuscarora, a noted race mare at the colonies for short distances, also came
on the steamer. She will be seen in competition here.
Six greyhounds, one for the coursing firm of Sterl & Knowles, were also
among the sporting stock to come.
SHAMROCK
MEETS WITH
AN ACCIDENT
Special Disriat'-h to The Call.
NEW YORK, S^pt. 22.— G00d judgment
on the part of those in charge of the
yacht Shamrock to-day saved her from
what might have been a most serious ac
cident. After sailing In a strong breeze
over about five miles of the course off
the New Jersey coast her crew found that
the bobstay was stretching and in danger
of carrying away, so Designer Fife or
dered the sail taken off and the yacht
was towed to her moorings In the Horse
shoe by the newspaper tug Dyckman.
There the bobstay and Its fittings were
taken off and put on board the repair
scow Ulster. It was announced by Dr.
Mackey, r-prisenting the Shamrock's
owner, that the damage was trifling and
that the yacht would be all right In the
morning.
(ummodore R. G. Sharman Crawford,
Hugh M. McGildewny and Executive Sec
retary Craig, all of the Royal Ulster
Yu<'ht Club, wore guests of Sir Thomas
Iyipton to-day on board his steam yacht
Erin.
The Erin came to the city during the
aft' moon for same more guests ana ma
terial for electrically lighting the yacht
during the Dewey naval parade. To-night
they are having a sort of dress rehearsal
of the work. The word "Erin," spelled in
green Incandescent lights ten feet high,
will be hung between the masts over the
smokestack. Under the fore gaff the
Union Jack will appear and under the
main gaff the Stars and Stripes.
die and will offer him at a price com
mensuratf 1 with his champion's title.
Tho Verona Kf-nnels" entry In the field
trial* will lip slim, as all the young 1 doss
are pomp to Mississippi with George
Richard, who will train them there. Mr.
fie Ruyter will retain Count Gladstone
IV and Jroqijnlp Chief for stud purposes
and Steam's Rush and Plain Sam's Son
Ifor his own shooting.
The Fiold Tri.ils Association Is awaT*
Inp a reply from Colonel Mr>rriman to
their Invitatl >:i to Judgf the field trials
In January noxt. Should the colonel h>'
unahlp to accept, the choice of judge will
probably be between W. S. Pell and
Thomas Johnston.
■Jl. L. Bett^n of Alameda i? endeavoring
to form an association of field trial clubs
nn the coast for the purpose of rcfjul.itliitf
the trials anil harmonizing the conflict
ing interests -if the different clubs. There
can be but little doubt that the pucccss
Of the plan would largely contribute to
increasing the number of trials arid f>
stimulating the interest of dog owners
and breeders.
Thomas 11. Brown, president of the St.
Bernard Club, has purchased from Dr.
W. R. Cluness Jr. ;t black Cocker spaniel
dop, by Champion Colorado, out of
Champion Rallette. Cluness lu:s .«oid his
St. Bernard, Reglor Jr., while Hrnwne
lost his Champion Grand Master by
death.
GUNMEN READY
FOR THE DUCKS
Await the Opening'of Shooting
Season With Pleasurable
Anticipation.
From the immense amount of powder
and shot sold during the past week it
would be advisable for ducks and quail
to avoid this district for the time being.
The shooting season •will open one week
from to-morrow and a veritfu^e army of
men will shoot over upland and marsh.
Brilliant sport Is not expected on the
opening day of the season, as "Veather
conditions have not been favorable for
some weeks past. Around Alvarado the
preserves are dry and offer no attractions
for ducks at present.
The officers of the Olympic Gun Club
have drawn a set of comprehensive rules
to co^ver all conditions of shooting on
their Cordelia preserves. The only days
shooting will be allowed are Sundays and
Wednesdays. There will be no shooting
before sunrise or after sunset. Shooters
will draw for blinds at Cordelia the
night before the shoot. No more than
twenty may shoot at one time; when
more than that number present them
selves lots shall be drawn. No loaded
guns will be permitted in the clubhouse
or at headquarters. Each shooter must
remove his own decoys from the ponds
when he is through for the day. The
following special rules of the club may
be read with profit by all gun men:
Study the comfort and pleasure of your
fellow-shooter, and conduct yourself bo as
not to Interfere with his sport. Remember
he is after ducks, too.
Refrain from loud talk and shouting: (to
your do* especially). Ducks don't have any
thing to do with noisy people. Stay in your
blind as much a.n possible, and stay out of
sight. Ducks won't decoy to you.
Shoot cripples— don't chase them.
Retriexe only as often as necessary — once
an hour Is enough.
Shoot only at birds within your reach.
Let skyscrapers alone— they "will come
nearer; If not to you to your fellow-shooter,
and he Is waiting for them patiently; don't
forget him.
Don't let your Run point at any one at
any time— shooters don't enjoy it, even
when jruns are not loaded.
Don't go into a house or a wagon with
your gun loaded.
Don't climb a fence with a load In your
pun. It takes but a minute to extract the
Shells— it takes three days for a funeral.
The members of the Shellville Rod and
Gun Club, whose headquarters are in
Sonoma County, are preparing for the
season. The following members met at
dinner recently and planned for the fu
ture: Harry Baum. Al Martin, Frank
Rumpf, Al Herzog, "Billy" Bay, M. Bur
gess, R. Reynaud, Herman Eisner. Bob
Johnson, George Hinde and George Bie
bershelmer.
otto Fendner has returned from his
annual vacation.
W. K. Quimby. a noted trap shot of the
Bast, Is expected here shortly.
Thomas Vincent and Frank Howiett
have returned after two weeks' shooting
and tlshing in Mendocino County. They
secured two bucks and trout in unlimited
numbers.
MAY FORM A NEW CLUB.
The announcement In The Call Thurs
day of the probable formation of a new
wheeling club, made up of the older
members of the Olympic Wheelmen and
Bay State Wheelmen, has been the sole
topic of conversation among the cyclers.
Many say they will join such an organiza
tion, though it must not be supposed that
they are by any means in the majority. .
Both clubs still have a large number of
warm supporters, who will stay by their
colors through thick and thin.
The idea of a new club, however, ap
peals strongly to those cyclers who take
little or no interest in racing. As one
rider "for health and pleasure" says: "I
am 30 years of age and of some slight
standing in the community. I drop down
to my club of an evening and no one
notices my entry or exit. A few moments i
later in comes an 18-year-old boy, who
has achieved fame as a racer, and behold
every attention is shown him. • Special i
quarters are fitted up for the racers in
the Bay City Club occupying the entire
basement of the building, while a man
who wants to read has to sit in the back
parlor and card players are relegated to i
a table in the front parlor. What kind
of whist can a man play with a piano,
miserably played, thumping in his ears?'
With the Olympics, the sole cause of de
fection is the proposed increase in dues,
which ■will bring the dues of the wheeling
annex up. to $,"> 25. a month; too much, say
the riders, for a cycler to have to pay for
club dues. They think a club with about
150 members can be supported for about
half .that amount monthly.
'■ Charles Albert Adams of the Olympics
is a hearty supporter of the new move
ment and declares that he knows of at
least fifty men who will sign the charter
roll of the new club.
Now that the date of the annual
twenty-mile road race has been definitely
set at October 8, the riders of the three
clubs who will enter teams have again
gone into .active training for the event
The Bay Citys, Olympics and Garden
Citys will enter teams. The Acmes may
but have said they would not.
James Joyce Jr., well known to the
wheelmen here, is located in New York
associated with Harry Payne Whitney in
the automobile business. They control
the entire electric cab business of New
York.
The first meeting of the new board of
directors of the Bay City Wheelmen was
held Thursday evening and the following
officers were elected: President. Archie
Reid; vice president, F. C. Boeckman
treasurer, Austin Kanzee;. recording sec
retary, S. B. Vincent: captain, Frank N
Smith; directors— Frank H. Ker
rigan. Henry L. Day, F. H. Watters, G.
B. Stangenberger, W. V. McDonald, E D
, Meadell, ;.. ; ■ :-, ;. ; - .- : >■■ ■■:.■-■: j. >>'-^, ..-<
■ . . ■•:;.-.■ - ;.-. • y. ■ ■■■-:': ~ £ - 1 -
CHALLENGER GADDER
AND THE TRUANT
READY TO RACE
THE fourth race for the San Fran
cisco challenge cup will take place
to-day over the Corinthian course
of thirteen nautical miles between
the sloop Gadder, representing the
San Francisco Yacht Club, and the sloop
Truant, representing the Corinthian
Yacht Club. The Corinthians are the
holders of the trophy, and the San Fran
ciscos the challengers. The Gadder will
be sailed by ex-Commodore \V. N. Me- !
Carthy, owner of the schooner Ramona. j
The crew will consist of J. R. Savory of j
the Juanita, R, S. Bridgeman of the The
tis, J. S. Cockerill (who has been sailing
this season with Commodore T. L. Hill oif
the flagship Cygnus) and Mr. Welch. Ex-
Commodore A. J. Young will be the rep
resentative of the Corinthians on the
Gadder. The Truant will be sailed by her
owner, ex-Commodore J. W. Pew. whose
crew will be Orlo Eastwood, Charles L.
Barrett. Commodore Carl Westerfeld, J.
Short and F. E. Schober. The represent
ative of the San Francisco Club on board
the Truant will be Secretary E. C. Bart- I
lett. The referee Is Commodore J. S.
Hanley of the Encinal Yacht Club. The
members of the regatta committees of the
two clubs will act as judges. The timers
are J. H. Hopps and G. D. Campbell. The
officials and invited guests will follow the
race on the steamer Caroline, which will
be at Melggs wharf at the foot of Powell
street at 12:30 p. m. The yachts will start
at 1 p. m., and will have ten minutes utter
the signal gun within which to cross the
line The sailing rules of the Corinthian
as the challenged club will govern the
race.
Th e Truant was on Frank Stone's ways
at liburon last Saturday, getting the
damage done to her on Admission day re
paired and being put into thorough order.
The Gadder came down from Benicia to
Sausalito last Sunday, was taken up on
the club ways on Thursday and came off
again yesterday. She draws less than a
foot of water and has a somewhat ugly
boxlike appearance. To give her stability
and enable her to stand up. under her can
FOOTBALL MEN
ROUNDING OUT
Stanford, California and Olym
pic Working for the
Season's Games.
Whirr goes the pigskin through the air,
and loud is the shouting- of the coaches as
they yell football wisdom into the ears of
the college colts. Both at Palo Alto and
at Berkeley the afternoon is given over
to the pigskin, game, and the work has
begun in earnest. On this side of the bay \
the Olympic Club is struggling with a i
team that will make itself felt in the i
series of games with the college elevens, 1
as the men are not neglecting a moment j
of their daily practice. •_
The preliminary work has not yet been
completed at either of the colleges, but
Californa will begin active training before
Stanford for two reasons— they were ear- !
lier on the field and the team is in a better ;
state of formation than that at Palo Alto. I
The Olympic Club eleven began work
some two weeks ago and ignored what is '
usually known as preliminary work. As I
the winged "O" gridiron athletes are men !
or ; seasoned • brawn and ripened experi- i
ence they do not need preliminary work ,
Other than that which acts as a condition- j
ing element. ■ . .-, •
The Olympic team of this year is per- I
haps the best as far as material goes I
which that club ever presented. There is
not a man on the line who is not a heavy,
trained football athlete and who has not
played the position which he will occupy I
less than three years. Signal practice of
the rapid order, .execution of plays and
tackling make up the practice of the club
athletes. They have no team to line up j
against, and so they are trying to perfect i
team work by exercise in signal practice !
As all the men are old players, and able
I ones at that, this is not such a serious '
\ situation as at first seems. Later on in I
the season, when the college men have
reached the stage of training where they
can stand any kind of a battle, the Olym
pics may find themselves in a bad way
unless they engage in just such kind of
practice work. The Saturday games will
tend, to round out the Olympics. Last <
I season the clubmen were battered into
condition after two months of play, but!
the season was over and they could not i
redeem themselves.
The Olympic team is practically chosen
During the -early- part of this week the
already strong aggregation of players was i
fortified by the addition of Cadwallader, :
ie , ale ': cnter of 1597 - Big -Cad," for he !
I weighs 225 pounds and is as active as a I
small man, strengthens the Olympic line
in.no mean fashion. He .will not play
center, however. . Hobbs is , chosen for
that position, "Pete" Smith playing left
guard and Cadwallader right guard For
tackles the. Olympics will play "Gene" I
; Sheehy on the right side of the line and
' La vender Erskin on the left side. The i
| ends are as yet uncertain. The selection !
, will be between McLaine, Gaylord and
I Dlnsmore. three good men of about equal
1 ab L li T\V,, Code at Quarter and Thierkauf i
i and AVi son playing halves and Carter at
! full will make a team which, if properly '
i trained, ought to carry everything be
| fore it. tor substitutes the Olympics i
; have Clum, Hamilton, Atkinson and Man
! roe, the latter being a powerful linesman.
j He will possibly alternate with one of the
guards or tackles in the Saturday games j
It is almost possible to judge of the I
weights of the teams this season by the
material which is offered the coaches for
selection. The Olympics will have the
heaviest eleven by, big odds. Then will
come Stanford,. whose eleven will far out
weigh that of Berkeley. Stanford will
play Burnett as suard and one of the Gil
mans ■at • center. . At least it looks as if
that selection would be made. Another
guard, Christie, who is a tremendously
large man. will help to form a center of
ultra heavyweights that will give Cali
fornia cause for worry. At Palo Alto the
work of sifting is still going on. Reid,
the famous Harvard back, was out coach
ing the Cardinal backs last week, while
Chamberlin- was devoting his time to the
linesmen. Coehian is finding no easy Job
with his colts at California. The material
is about the ( same as last year and there
is. still the lack of heavy men for the Blue
and Gold team.
.The first game of the season will be
played a week from to-day, on the Berke
ley campus, between . the Olympics and
California. Coehran says he does not ex
pect to win the game, but the Olympics,
he asserts, will know that they have been
.Diayiws loytball before ganag la over.
vas a weighted fin keel haß been added to
her. She is said to be very stiff in a strong
breeze. When the challenge was first is
sued it was supposed the San Franciscos
had in view the fact that at the end of
September the wind has lost some of Its
summer force and that light weather
would be most favorable to the challenger.
Now, however, the San Franciscos seem,
to rest their main hope on the chance
of a strong wind. The Corinthians also
believe that a stiff breeze will suit their
! defender best, so a light breeze will sat
i Isfy neither. The San Franciscos. wheth
; er they win or lose, will give a hop in the
clubhouse at Sausalito to-night and will
j cruise over the channel course to-mor
row.
The Corinthian yachtsmen feel that an
injustice has been done to them and to
ex-Commodore J. W. Pew by the charges
of "unsportsmanlike conduct" which have
I been made against them. The terms un
der which the challenge cup is teld state
that the defending yacht must not have
a racing length more than 10 per cent
greater than that of the challenger. When
the San Franciscos named 25.50 feet as the
racing length of their boat the Corinth
ians were entitled to select a defender not
exceeding 28.05 feet racing length. On
looking around among the thirty-footers
(the strongest class in the club) the Tru
ant seemed the best boat and she was
accordingly chosen. There was nothing
in the slightest degree "unsportsman
like" in this. The Corinthians merely
selected the best defender the rules per
mitted them to choose. It is said that the
San Franciscos wished to challenge in
the 25-foot class and had no intention of
racing against one of the Corinthian 30
--footers. If they wished to make sure of
this the extreme racing length of the
challenger should have been 22.73 feet.
Corinthians say that as a matter of fact
they have to defend the cup with a cruis
ing boat against a racing machine, which
has had a house put on in order to con
form to the rules and make it a cabin
yacht. So long as the rules are complied
with this is permissible.
The yachts of the California Club under
orders of Commodore Allen M. Clay will
rendezvous at Sand Cove. Angel Island,
this evening. To-morrow the members will
enjoy a clambake on the beach.
FOURSOMES ON
OAKLAND LINKS
An Approacli-Futting Contest
to Be Held on the Course
in Happy Valley.
The tournament for the Captain's cup,
for which fourteen players have quali
fied, will begin to-day on the links of
the Oakland Golf Club. There will also
be men's foursomes, match play, with,
handicap, the winners to receive cups
Next Saturday there will be a tourna
ment for the Tibbets cup, presented by
Mrs. Le Grand Cannon Tibbets.
Several of the caddies on the Oakland
links are manifesting great interest in
golf and are developing considerable skill.
With the unconsciousness of youth they
imitate the style of J. Melville, formerly
professional of the Oakland Club and
one of the best golfers in the United
States.
There will be mixed foursomes, nine
holes with handicap, on the links of the
San Rafael Golf Club to-day, and an ap
proach putting contest for men and wo
men. In the handicap twenty entries had
been received on Thursday, and thirty
for the approach putting contest. In the
latter contest each competitor plays five
into the cup from a distance of
Seventy-five yards, the prize being won
by the person holing the balls in the
fewest strokes. To-day's contest is one
H-\ S f ries V of fortn tehtly competitions
which has been arranged. Instructor T.
C {ftley has also prepared a winter
schedule of events, which includes big
tournaments for election. Thanksgiving.
Christmas and New Year's days, when
valuable trophies will be offered for com
petition.
For some time past Instructor T. W.
Tetley has had under his tuition a team
of six ladies, who practice twice a week
—on Tuesday and Friday mornings-and
are making good progress. Mrs. F. S.
Johnson and Mrs. F. H. Green in particu
lar show marked improvement in their
play. The other ladies composing the
team are Mrs. R. Gilman Brown. Mrs.
J. Burke, Miss Eleanor Morrow and Mrs.
J. J. Crooks.
AN AUSTRALIAN BOXER
Charles McKell, who claims the light
weight boxing championship of Australia,
arrived on the Mariposa yesterday, ac
companied by his wife and child. "He is
on a holiday trip with New York as his
destination He will remain here some
time and will be open to an engagement.
He was a school teacher by profession
and looks anything but a pugilist His
only mark is a cauliflower ear His last
light was with "Jim" Holliway chiffon
S °n Ut o\ Afr ica - Holliway is a Boer and
S. s on pe u ople b e C r L s everything they possess
w n t« he entOrs r the rin^- McKell boxed
T™ tO rvV ra r-. In New York he will join
T ° m Rourke's string of champions.
The boxing game, which has been dor
mant for some time past, will be revived
e thi H ThU d^ y b X, the San Francisco
Athletic Club. Alex. Greggains the
matchmaker of the club, has brought to
gether Eddie Toy and Charles Vickers;
b} d v.% 1 ?? 11 and "Mike" Gasman;
Jack McMahan and M. Molliss and M.
McClure and William Kennedy. Each
brace will box eight rounds. Alex Greg
gains will referee, which insures good
sport.
The National Athletic Club has matched
heavyweights Van Buskirk and Russell
for a twenty-round bout early in October.
Russell is a young giant of whom great
things are expected.
« ♦ ■ „
ON THE CRICKET FIELD.
On the Alameda ground to-morrow the
Pacific eleven will meet the Alameda
team for the sixth and last time during
the present season. The Alameda repre
sentatives will be J. J. Moriarty, captain;
J. J. R. Peel, V. Seebeck. F. J. Croll.
George Hellmann, H. Ward Jr., J. 11.
Saunders, P. E. McLean. F. Stahl, W. O.
Fortmann and H. Bird, with G. J. Baugh
as twelfth man. The following will wear
the black and red of the Pacific Club:
George Theobald, captain; J. J. Theobald.
W. McDonald, H. P. G. Gordon, C. P.
Coles, H. C.Casldy, J. Myers, C. Sim
monds, E. P. Musson A. W. Wilding aad
J. ii. Hstfb^our. , _.. *OLLY TRIUMPHED IN
THE POLICE TRIBUNAL
THE PARROT SAID SMART THINGS TO JUDGE CONLAN.
THE swell set from the vicinity of
Bntter and Jones street* was well
represented in Judge Cdtlan's court
room yesterday morning, but alas. It
came not in numbers sufficiently -•
to convict Mrs. Pauline Alexander's talk
ative parrot of disturbing the peace and
using vulgar language-
Judge Conlan ordered the green-feath
ered orator to take the stand in its own
if. and, to say the least, Mrs. Al
exander's parrot conducted itself in a
proper fashion. Possibly the array of ju
dicial and other talent that crowded into
the Police Court awed "pretty poll
•.he bird gave vent to no sejitimer.ts unfit
to ad'^m the front page of a church fair
; mme— that is, in th» courtr
ad his inning in the prosecuting at-
I s room earlier in the morning.
• the two strong doors throttk
-.ta voice before It sifted into the
■ >om.
I Mrs. Alexander's parrot, Mr.
■ • rk, ' said Judge Conlan. Pres
Mrs. Alexander appeared carrying the al- j
disturber of the peace In a c
cage.
Mr?. Alexander timidly placed the cage
•■ Judge's bench and removed the
: was n-.ark- d exhibit A.
•his the bird that has created all ■
:" asked Judge Conlan,
"Ye?," answered the lady, meek'y.
up like a human j
-trutted about the cage as if j
bu h a distinction, but Poll
:.gue. :
:,' said the Judge.
"That's easy," chirped the parrot as Its j
- •-:; ; I lightly down from the wit- '
Dr. Bostwick, the complaining witness,
• : recognize this bird?" queried j
didn't know whether or not It |
TRANSPORTS TO
LEAVE WITHOUT
BOILER REPAIRS
They Will Have Work
Done Elsewhere.
The boilennakers held a largely attend- >
cd meeting yesterday afternoon In their
hall on the corner of Second and Pol
som. • It was at first stated that a gen
eral strike had been ordered; that all the
men had left' the Risdon and Fulton iron
works, while those engaged on various
Jobs along the front had been called out.
There was no foundation for the rumor,
however, as all that was required was
the attendance of every boilermaker In
the. union. The conference lasted over
. two hours and then a committee was
pent out to inform the managers of the
various Iron works that there would be
no change in mercantile marine work.
The men agree to work nine hours for
ten hours' pay on outside work and for
the usual Fcale on shop work.
On transports, however, or on vessels
that come here under charter to the Gov
ernment the scale will be eight hours'
work for ten hours*, pay and twenty-six
hours'* pay * or eleven hours' overtime.
In consequence there are no boilermak
ers working on any of the transports,
nor will there be until the strike or lock
out is settled.
The rirst fruit of the trouble came to
light yesterday. The steamer Manuense
is here, ready for acceptance by the Gov
ernment as a transport. She was in
spected yesterday and it was found neces
sary to do considerable work on her boil
ers. Owing to the existing state of af
fairs no one will take the contract to do
POSTUM CEREAL.
GOOD COFFEE MAKER.
Experience With the Berry.
"I have gained twenty- five pounßs
Fince I left off coffee and began drink-
ing Postum Food Coffee in its place.
"I had become very thin in flesh and
Buffered tortures with heartburn, was a
nervous wreck with headache practi-
cally all the time until one dreadful day
when. the good doctor told me I must
quit drinking coffee, as he had nothing
left to try to relieve me.
"I could not drink tea and had tried
everything else, even Postum,. but put
it by at the first trial, because it was
tasteless.
"Forced to it again, I determined to
pee if it could not be made palat-
able and -found at once that when I
followed directions and boiled it long
enough that I not only liked it but gave
it to my husband for several days with-
out his -finding it out. I have the name
of making splendid coffee, and we al-
ways used the best, but of late I have
given Postum to guests many times in
place of coffee and have never been de-
tected yet.
"Our four children have not drunk
coffee for three years, and all have
gained health and flesh since using
Postum. One son, who was always
*ick, has been greatly benefited by its
use, and as above stated I have gained
twenty-five pounds since talcing Pos-
tum. I am healthier to-day than I
• have been for years and give l'ostum
1 all the credit: Please do not use my
name in public." .
This lady lives in Burlington, Dcs
Moines County. lowa, and the name
will be furnished by the Post urn.
Cereal Co., Ltd.. Battle Creek. Mich., to,
those Interested.
1 was the same parrot, but the Judge con
: eluded !t was, for Polly said low things
under his breath and gave other evidences
! Indicating that he knew his prosecutor.
"What Is its general reputation for
! tru'h, honesty and Integrity?" asked
Dg Attorney Low.
Nad." testified Dr. Bostwick.
"Put him on the bum. Judge." rejoined
the indignant bird, but the Judge pretend
ed not to hear it.
After considerable reflection Judge Con
j lan concluded to give Mrs. Alexander's
parrot another chance to become a de
cent, respectable resident of the neigh
borhood.
"I will allow the parrot to go on Us own
; recognizance for a period of ten days,
and if in the meantime any more com
: plaints are made I will issut a bench war
! rant for its arrest." quoth the kind
: hearted dispenser of justice, and Mrs. Al
! exander flounced out of the courtroom
j -with her bird, leaving the crowd to won
w long Polly could keep out Of
! jail.
Mrs. Alexander arrived at the City Hall
i quite early In the morning, perhaps BOrne
' time before the court officials were out
•of bed. The janitor showed her into the
| prosecuting attorney's room, where she
i placed the bird on the table,
>d morning," said ex-Judge Low as
he entered the room.
vi night to you," said Poll, recog- ;
nizi r.g a foe.
"Polly want a cracker," asked the peo
ple's prosecutor in a well-meant en
deavor to set himself right with the bird.
"Cracker be " retorted Polly scorn
i fully. "Gimme a small bot."
"Madam, that's a rude bird," said Mr.
1 Low, shaking his head wistfully.
"I'm not that kind of a lady, sir," j
1 chirped Fully and Judge Low gave his j
| task up for a bad job.
the job, and the chances are that .the
i transport will be turned back to her own
' ers. .
The transport Glenogle was to have
i had her boilers retubed. She will now
go out as she is. as the transport inspec
i tor has passed her. The Glenogle, being
I a British ship, will have her boilers re
tubed in . kong before coming back
here. The Sherman will leave to-day at
i 4 p. m. What little work remained to
1 be done on her boilers was performed by
the crew. The Sheridan will sail on the
2Hth, and her repairs will probably be
made in Nagasaki. The Zealandia Is to
go out on October 5, but there may be a
delay on her owing to the strike. The
. Grant went to the quarantine station yes*
terday and will probably come back Sun
! day and may get away next Tuesday or
Wednesday.
The Zealandia, which arrived with the
Montana boys yesterday, had a fine
weather trip all the way from Manila.
! She would have reached port early yes
terday had it not been for a slight break
! down in the machinery. She left Yoko
hama sixteen hours after the Valencia
with the remainder of the Montana boys
aboard. The Valencia should therefore
reach here early to-day. Both vessels
1 will be sent back to Manila as quickly
as they can be got ready.
The hospital ship Relief was alongside
: the transport Sherman yesterday and
: transferred all the medical stores she
j had aboard for Manila. About 200 tons
' of coal will replace the stores in the Re
. lief, and then she will sail for Manila
via Guam.
f&SSaafStffagr
—"The American Porter"— ls the latest brew
of the Anheus=er-Busch Brewing Ass'n. It ex
cels In those qualities that make it most popu
lar with the public.
i. ♦ .
Drank Carbolic Acid.
josie t rands, a young- woman who r<
it th« Francisco House, on Tur
■"••■ m ■ /. ". to the Receiving Hos
pital last night, pufferinp from carbolii
acid poisoning. The young woman ha
dinner with a man <=-arlir-r in th
; there drank f>o much win*
Uii retui irtments .1
;hat ;if>- had no fui
ther charms, bo she took a small dose c
rhe d.-;i(Jiv noison. She will recover.
MAIN'S CIRCUS STRIKES TOWN WITH A GORGEOUS NIGHT PARADE.
WALTER I* MAIN'S Circus and Menagerie arrived here yesterday and Inaugurated its ad
vent by a grand illuminated night parade which was applauded by unusually large crowds
who filled the streets along the line of march.
The para/le was headed by a wagon containing a large bomb-throwing mortar from
which explosive shells were thrown skyward at short intervals. Then came the clowns in
their little equipages, driving handsome Shetland ponies, four-in-hand, followed of course
by crowds of small boys. A woman In a den of snakes attracted no little attention. Seated in a chair
surrounded by the reptiles ehe appeared as much at home as a society belle in a drawing room.
The elephants, eight In number, came lumbering along, headed by a monster fellow on whoso
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1899.
PARKER'S HEIRS
DECIDE UPON A
COMPROMISE
Lawyers About Reach
an Agreement.
THEY CONFERRED YESTERDAY
INSTITUTIONS WILL RECEIVE
SOLID HELP.
Five Thousand Dollars Each to Go to
Unitarian Church. Sheltering Arms
Society and Home of Benevo
lence in San Jose.
The long litigation over the estate of
j George H. Parker is about to end. The
attorneys representing the 6everaJ inter
j ests are agreed that it Is -well to com
j promise. Yesterday afternoon & con
: ference was held in the office of D. M,
; Delmas and the matter was talked over
j thoroughly. The terms of the compro
; mise to be effected were not completed,
I but no doubt was expressed that a com«.
| promise will be reached very soon. It
; may come at any time. The attorneys
j present were: D. M. Delmas, representing
the executors and the residuary legatees,
and Van R. Paterson and T. C. Coogan,
> representing the widow of Edward L.
; Parker, the only son of George H. Parker.
None of the attorneys would speak of
I the terms upon which the compromise
| was under discussion until the matter
; was finally concluded. The proposition
for the compromise came from the at
, torneys for the widow of Edward L.
Parker.
■ Outside of the interest that was
i awakened by the nature of the proceed
ings ami the prominence of George H.
Parker the public at large has been con
' cerned by the legacies of a semi-public
nature to well-known institutions pro
vided for in the will. The bulk of the
estate was to go to the only son. Edward
, L. Parker, but not until after the death
I of the son's wife, Emma. While she lived
: the son was to have only 110,000 outright
and the income from the property at 1122
; and 1124 Market street and 19 Turk street,
j this city. But in the event of the death
j of the wife the son, if he survived, was
to have the properties outright and all
the estate not otherwise disposed of in
legacies. In the discrimination against
the son's wife the father showed the bit
terness of his opposition to her. This bit
terness has been shared by the relatives
; by marriage of George H. Parker and the •:
j result has been a series of charges against j
| the wife, the airing of which did much I
to [eve the monotony of the routine
proceedings.
The legacies included the following:
First Unitarian Church of San' Jose, I300O;
Sheltering Arms Society of San Jose. $5000;
i trustees of the Home of Benevolence of
San Jose. $5000: to the five children of
Marshal] Pomeroy of Santa Clara County,
i $5000 each: Mr.-, F. O. Barto of San Fran
cisco, Jl'Wt; Mrs. Dr. Sage of San Fran-
Cisco, >. ■•, Augusta Butler of San Jose,
$1000; G. M. Wooster of San Jose, $10<JO.
The sum of $1000 was bequeathed also to
each of the following named persons in !
the East: Lizzie Sykes. Henrietta Sykes |
: and Myra Allen, all of Connecticut.
There appears to be no doubt that the '
institutions in Santa Clara County will
get the sums given to them in the will.
. The other matters are still in doubt. The
total value of the estate was originally .
$250,000, but the expenses of the long liti- i
gation and the attorney fees have made a j
large hole in the original sum.
George H: Parker die.l in Santa Clara
County in March, 1883. A few weeks after
his will, with two codicils, was duly ad
mitted to- probate. Within a year the
widow of Parker's only son filed a contest ,
of the probate on three. grounds, namely —
fraud, undue influence and unsoundness of •
mind. ■ Upon the challenge of these
grounds by the parties interested under
the will the issues were tried before a jury
in Santa Clara County. After the contest
ant's case had closed the court withdrew I
i the consideration of the issues of fraud
! and undue influence, on the ground that
i there was no evidence to support them.
Upon the only remaining issue, of un- :
soundness of mind, the jury found against
the will. This was at the second trial, a :
jury having disagreed upon the first hear
ing. The widow having won so far, an
| appeal was taken to the Supreme Court, i
and there the case has been for some
! time. The litigation in its varied forms
has extended over a period of six years.
Parker was over 76 when he died, but he
I continued to do business to the end. Three j
women testified that they considered him I
insane and alleged, among other things, .
that he loaned money without security: '
that, although a mild man generally, he
would go Into a rage suddenly over a
trifle; that he on one occasion set fire to
his home by throwing a piece of paper
: into the chimney to burn it out. rather
I than pay the cost of having it cleaned:
and that he paid money that he did not
owe. The Pomeroya and Parker were re- .
lated by the marriage of George H. ,
Parker to Noah Pomeroy's sister.
In court the allegation was also made ;
1 that Emma L. Parker, the widow of Ed
ward L. Parker, formerly Emma L. Huff.
falsely represented to Edward L. Parker
| that she was the widow of George L. j
Brown and that Brown died at the Occi- ;
dental Hotel and that she was possessed
' of his great wealth. The marriage took
place in the East.
THE KENNEDY MURDER.
"Warren Main, bartender in the saloon
at 2"2 Third* street, who shot and killed
William Kennedy in the saloon Thursday
afternoon, was instructed and arraigned
in Judge Graham's court yesterday on
the charge of murder. The case was con
: tinued tiil next Wednesday, pending the
result of the Coroner's inquest.
The police are still working on the case,
but nothing has developed to show that
i the shooting was anything but the re-
I sult of persona] differences. Main claims
I that the cause of Kennedy's animosity
toward him was because he found him
going through a customer In the saloon
I and called him down for it.
- i . ■ w ■ , / ', *» /, ' jk i i V. -^ ,\\^ m* ■•^^ \ . '/j'/ 1? .^c* fj 7 / riff fcnAV^^^B^^^B l^^r
TN^HMNTA acute inflammation OF THE NERVES. THEY ARE OVERSTRAINED
II^OUIUINIi-l NEAR TO BREAKING AND CANNOT BE NOURISHED BY THE IMPOVER-
ISHED SYSTEM. SLEEPLESS, WASTING NIGHTS LEAVE YOU HAGGARD AND WORN. A
DEADLY OPPRESSION SETTLES UPON MIND AND BODY; MADNESS FOLLOWS. NERVE
FIBER MUST BE MADE, NERVE FORCE REGAINED, THEN THE BLOOD WILL NOURISH AND
MIND AND BODY RECOVER.
•
PAINF\ The World's remedy for disease. Makes
rrVll ii— *J nerve fiber, nerve force; keeps the organs of
1 the body in healthy action. The blood is
V^t/ltJry made clean, rich and in full quantity. Mus-
s-* v i cle's and tissues are nourished, invigorated,
V^OmpOUriU and the body is healthy.
Rev. T. F. Stauffer, Lincoln, Neb., writes: "For nearly a year past I have felt myself running down. My nervous
\ system was gradually growing worse; I was troubled a good deal with insomnia. I felt that something must be done,
and concluded to use Paine's Celery Compound. After the first few days' use I began to improve; now I feel like myself
I once more. I can sleep well, my nervous system is rapidly improving, and I believe a radical cure is being effected.
Paine's Celery Compound is a splendid remedy, and I can conscientiously commend it to the suffering in like cases."
■ ■
WORKING FOR
IMPROVEMENTS
IN THIS CITY
Merchants' Associa-
tion Enterprise.
The pood work aoomplished hy the
Merchants' Association in municipal af
fairs is now well recognized by the
community at large. By the persistent
efforts of its officers and members
streets have been kept cleaner, over
head wires are to be placed under
ground, and modern pavements have
bark was ."trapped a howdah in which was seated a young! ady trainer. There were brass bands in
ebundance, one of which, the Hoosier Band, was the laughable feature of the parade. The mem
bers of the band were apparently of all nationalities and rendered characteristic music. The Rough
Riders showed In g»on form and remarks could be heard all along the line that the stock in Main's
Circus is the best that has ever been shown on this coast.
The advance "5-tle of tickets has been very large and it is predicted that this circus will score
a better success in San Francisco than any other that has neretofcre visited the metropolis. The
initial performance of Main's Circus will bo given this afternoon on the large lot at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets.
been laid on many of the principal
streets. The association does not con
sider that its mission is more than be- j
gun, for yesterday its directors met j
and laid out the following programme
of improvements to be advocated and
accomplished during the ensuing year:
Civil Service— The successful opera
tion nf our future city government
depends largely upon the just enforce
ment of the provisions of article XIII
upon civil service in the new charter.
These provisions should be faithfully
executed. The Mayor will bo asked to
appoint aa civil service commissioners
only public-spirited citizens of the
highest character, who are known to
be sincerely devoted to civil service
principles, and who will carry out the
civil service provisions of the n*w
charter In a fair and Impartial man
ner.
Sewer System— The plan for a com
plete and permanent new sewer sys
tem, now being prepared by the pres
ent sewer commission, should be com
pleted and the necessary provisions .
should he made for immediately pro
eeding with tho construction of mod
i .p. main sewers and sewer outlets and
the reconstruction of such other por
tions of the system as the sewer .com
mission' may deem imperatively neces
sary
Public Buildings— The following new
public building? should be construct
ed at the earliest possible period: City
and County Hospital, Hospital for
Contagious Diseases, public school
buildings where necessary, Fire De
partment buildings and equipments in
such outside districts as are without
fire protection.
Placing of Wires Undergrounds— The
present ordinance for removal of poles
and placing underground electric wires
within the prescribed district should
be strictly enforced.
Street Cleaning— The present system
of street cleaning should be main
tained and improved.
Street lighting— The present sys
tem of street lighting should be im
proved and extended through the out
lying districts.
Street Sprinkling— The business
s:;-' eta in all portions of the city
should be systematically sprinkled by
the city.
Improved Street Pavements— All
the cobble pavements on business
streets should be replaced with mod
ern pavements within two years and a
systematic plan be pursued for im
proving other pavements in bad con
dition as rapidly as the funds will
permit
Improved Specifications— The speci
fications for paving should .be
improved and so framed as to admit
of asphalt, vitrified brick, wooden
blocks and any other desirable ma
terials in addition to the paving ma
terials used at present, and all specifi
cations should require that guarantees
shall be given for the maintenance of
the pavements for a period of not leas
than ten years.
Use of Salt Water— Plans should
be prepared and proceedings In
stituted for the construction and ac
quisition at an early date of a salt
water pumping plant and reservoirs
for supplying salt water for flushing
sewers, sprinkling streets and other
purposes where practicable.
Public Comfort Stations— These con
veniences shoud be established whera
m.>st necessary in the business dis
tricts throughout the city.
Expenditures for Improvements
in the Tax Levy— As the maxi
mum amount which may be raised
by the tax levy under the charter will
not all be required for the administra
tion of the city government, if said
government is conducted in an econo
mical manner, we favor expending the
surplus in permanent improvements,
which Improvements should be speci
fically provided for each year In the
annual tax levy. The funds so set
aside for improvements should not be
diverted "r used for any other purpose.
Bonds for Improvements-^ c favor
submitting to the voters the ques
tion of issuing bonds for such im
provements as are necessary or desir
able at the present time but which
cannot be provided for by the annual
tax levy under the charter dollar limit.
-SIKRCHANTS 1 ASSOCIATION.
» ♦ .
Deserved Commendation.
At a meeting of the Citizens' Execu
tive Committee, held at the office of
' Mayor James D. Phelan, Phelan build
ing, on the 19th day of September, 1599,
it was
Resolved, That the Citizens* Execu
| tlve Committee for the reception of the
| returning United States Volunteers
i commend the Pacific Incandescent
1 Lamp Company for the successful and
I brilliant lighting- of Market street, and
; the decorative illumination of the dome
| of the City Hall and the tower of the
: ferry building on the nights of the cele
i bration in honor of the return of the
i First Regiment of California, United
States Volunteers. Also be it
Resolved, That the refilled lamps
j used and manufactured by said com
-1 pany were most satisfactory, uniting
brilliancy with efficiency.
JAMES- D. PHELAN". Chairman.
HENRY C. MrPIKE, Secretary.
Gray Held to Answer.
Fred Gray, one of the counterfeiters
captured by Special Policeman Cornelius
<\. ;';>■ and United States Marshal «sh'ne.
waived examination yesterday before
United States Court Commissioner l£ea
cock and was htld to answer with bond 3
fixed at $5000.
■ ♦ ■
News Letter of To-day.
A tale that will be the talk of two
counties before the sun goes down is
unfolded by the Looker-On in to-day's
j News Letter. It- deals with a social
j scrimmage in Oakland's swellest so
-1 ciety that may result in a duel to the
'■ death. .Also a few up-to-date stunts
in verse on - palpitating subjects. To
day's chestnut v.ill be "Did you sea the
News letter 1" >Jcrtl
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker. Exchange shows no change.
Wheat shows more strength and activity.
Barley and Oats stronger, in sympathy with Wheat.
Com and Rye remain unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Beam and Seeds neglected and nominal.
Wool market in good shape, with an improving demand.
Hides higher and stiff. Leather phenomenally active.
Bacon and Lard advanced i-2c. No change in Hams.
Packers get plenty of Hogs at the decline.
All descriptions of Poultry higher. Game scarce and dear.
Lemons and Limes in light supply and high.
Wine Grapes sold up to $2$ per ton.
Dried Peaches firm and slightly higher.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
Prices for new Walnuts to be announced this next week.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Coal market in fine sliape for sellers.
Charters.
The Drumblalr load coal at Tacoma for
Manila; Pactolus. coal at Departure Bay for
Honolulu, $3. and sugar thence to Delaware
Breakwater for orders. $6— 25c less direct.
The Wool Mv kit.
Jacob Wollner's circular says:
"Our market shows some signs of life, as
some wools are selling. The arlvals so far con
sist mostly of San Joao.uin defective and coast
wools. Very few mountain wools have reached |
this market us yet. as they are held too high In
the country.
"The Eastern markets are reported strong and
active tor choice staple wools only. The Lon
don sales which opened the 19th inst. ad
vanced on all kinds of wool about 10 per cent
over the last sales of two months ago. The
rise whs expected, and It It will go lt> per cent
more we will have a chance to export wools
again unless the manufacturers can get higher
p-ices for their goods sn that they can buy raw
material. At the present price for raw mate
rial to the manufacturers and the prices they
K<?t for their goods there is no money In It for j
1 "Wools, especially long staple free wools.. are
up to the prices that ruled in 1590-1892. The
price of goods is, still trom Zi !•■ 30 per cent
lower thai they were in those years. The price
6f grease wool raised, but It did not corre
spondingly raise the price of woolen goods,
which in 1 >:<S were lower than ever in the nis
" tory of the United, States, and although there
has been an advance of from 15 to 2" per cent
it takes a still greater advance to bring it at
par with ran material. Everything that the
mill usf-s has advanced, also the labor, so the
manufacturers really have a hard time of It.
Although they can get lots of orders for goods
they cannot get prices to justify their going
Into the market to buy wool.
"Freight to the Eastern seaboard markets
will be advanced on 0.-toher 5 on grease wools
to lc per pound, formerly Sftc per 100. ami
rroured wool* to $1 30, formerly 1c per pound
which is in conformity with the rise on all
commodities."
■
Weather Report.
fl2oth Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 22—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 58|5an Diego 92
"resno . . 9Sj ?acramento 92
r^JS \ngeles >'2 Independence 90
Red Biuff...; . 9SJx"uina I°*
san Luis Obispo.... S2i
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CS; minimum. 48; in*an. r.S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally fair weal prevails over the Pa
cific Slope and the only rain reported Is from
Pueet Sound.
The changes in both pressure and tempera- j
ture have been slight in all districts. There la |
a slight fall. ln the barometer along the north
ern coast but it \* accompanied by westerly
winds and clear weather.
The weather is becoming threatening over the j
Rocky Mountain region and showers are prob
able in Northern Utith to-night and early Pat
unlay morning: elsewhere on the Pacific Slope
the eonvlitions are favorable for fair weather
Saturday.
Forecast made it San Francisco for thirty :
hours ending midnight. September 23.-1899:
Northern California -Fair Saturday, except
cloudy along the coast, with fog in the morn- |
ing: fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; fresh j
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday, probably with show
ers in the mountains of the northern portion
to-night and Saturday morning.
Arizona— Fair to-nipht and Saturday. I
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday,
except cloudy and foggy In the m irnlng: fresh
west wind. G. H. WILLPON,
Local Fore Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Kept 22.— The recuperative ten- \
dency on me stock market pained decided force,
during the progress of to-day's trading. The
uneasiness abroad was an element at the open- !
Ing, and changes were small and irregular and I
the tone of the speculation hesitating. Ana
conda was notably affected by disappointment
of British holders over the amount of the . 1 i v i - j
dend and dropped nearly 3 points from yes
terday's sing level here. The pressure
against American Tobacco was also in cvi- '
dence, and Hrooklyn Transit had a struggle |
to overcome its opening line. The latter I
eventually moved upward, and though it fell I
once ag-uin below last night's level, its ad
vancing tendency afterward was a stimulating
Influence on the market throughout the day. '
The stocks of New York City corporations
Fhowed close sympathy with the movement In '
Brooklyn Transit, and many rumors were prev
alent to account for the movement pointing to
a plan of unity for the control of all public
utilities in the Greater City of New York. The
fact that interests which have been in con
flii-t in the local gap war are more or less Iden
tified with the various traction companies gave
color t<i the rumor. Net gains In this group.
Including Manhattan. Metropolitan Street Rail
way, Brooklyn Transit, Consolidated Gas and
Brooklyn ! 'nlon Gas ranged from 1 : 4 to .'i
points. The movement In the specialties wa«
most conspicuous throughout the day, but a
rather notable demand sprang up for the rail
roads, nttinrted a sudden rise in Omaha
of 7M, In Northwest oY + and In New .York
Central of l'y. These gains were not main
tained, but there was notable buying all day
of Southern Pacific and of the grangers. One
or two of the Southi ■ ■ ■ advanced well.
The movement in the railroads did not extend
far outside these limits except for some ob
scure stocks. People"* Gas was strong in sym
pathy with .Brooklyn Transit, and there were
(rood advances In Sugar and Tennessee Coal.
American Hoop and I ■•:•■:»! Steel showed i
strength, and Pullman rose «n additional 1 : - j
on rumors of an extra dividend. There was a |
very heavy demand In the last hour for th«! i
Leather stocks, which was a material factor I
In overcoming the reactionary tendency of the j
market. United States Leather common ad
vanced to ICV4 and the preferred to 75%. clos- j
Ing at the top. The general market closed
steady under this sustaining Influence some- I
what below the best. Speculative opinion was ]
Inclined to look for a favorable bank statement 1
to-morrow find was much cheered thereby.
The bond market was moderately active, and
prices advanced in sympathy with stocks.
Total sales, par value. 11.245.000.
United States old 4s registered advanced V 4
In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
* Bold Stocks— Bid.
4,01') Atchlson 20%
24.560 Atchison prefd 03^
2,075 Baltimore * Ohio So«i
Canadian Pacific 52
200 Canada Southern G3%
1.000 Central Pacific SSV3
2 ; fM Chesapeake & Ohio 27*
4.100 Chicago Great Western... 14H
23 7.10 Cjilcago Hurlineton A Qulncy... 132
2 12.". Chicago Ind & -Louisville 12%
] 000 Chicago Ind •■•• Louisville prefd 44V.
'700 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 90%
1 ■- Chicago A Northwestern 16S>4
712-t Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 1141.4
I,'SOO C CC A St L0ui5.......: 55Vs
2 040 Colorado Southern 1%
130 Colorado Southern let prefd U%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd JSV4
fiOO Delaware A Hudson.'. 123' J.
1700 Delaware Lack * Western 188%
1200 Denver & Bio Grande. 22 |
1.570 Denver & Kio Grande prefd 75% j
...... Erie 13 Vi '
8.400 Erie Ist prefd 36%
1,100 Great Northern prefd 163
200 Hocking Coal I* 1 *
Hocking Valley 33-..
1,845 Illinois Central H3«i
620 lowa Central 13Vi
2W lowa Central prefd "■'''.
•400 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 7 ; j
Luke Erie & Western IS
Lnke Erie & Western prefd 7^4
Lake Shore 202
7,320 Louisville & Nashville 7-'
31.495 Manhattan L •• 110 7 i,
13.595 Metropolitan Street Railway 199%
500 Mexican Centra! 14%
Minneapolis &St Louis •. 71Vi
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94
5,100 Missouri Pacific 45%
100 Mobile & Ohio 44};
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12%,
4,ii10 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd... 40V4
5.035 New Jersey Central 120%
4,200 New York Central ..'. 136%
4.500 Norfolk & Western 25U
1.400 Norfolk A Western prefd G9%
12.&10 Northern Pacific 63%
3.027 Northern Pacific prefd 74%
2,515 Ontario & Western 2:> l - 3
Oregon Railway & Nay 44
100 Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 77
3.400 Pennsylvania IV,
Reading 21%
6.310 Reading Ist prefd 58%
1,490 Reading 2d prefd 32%
Rio Grande Western 37%
Rio Grande Western prefd M"i
St Louis & Pan Fran HVi
St Louis .<• San Fran Ist prefd 70
100 St Louis & Pan Fran id prefd....... 36*;
1.400 St Louis Southwestern t 14',
2. 200 .-: Louts Southwestern prefd 36 "
25.W6 St Paul 125%
St Paul prefd 179
1.020 St Paul A Omaha 123'
73,375 Southern Pacific 3*%
1.210 Southern Railway 12
5,060 Southern Railway prefd. 62%
600 Texas & Pacific 20
9.650 Union Pacific ■;:■.
5.770 Union Pacific prefd 77-.
Wai. ash 7U,
2.20-) Wabash prefd 2":'
3.?25 Wheeling & Lake Erie 12%
1,700 Wheeling A- Lnke Erie 2d prefd. "... 31V,, j
Wisconsin Central 1714
r C C & St Louis 734
Express Companies —
Adams 115
160 American : 140
United States 50
Wells-Fariro 130
Miscellaneous—
300 American Cotton Oil 43%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 93
2<V) American Malting ifi
200 American Malting prefd «7
400 American Smelting & Refng 39%
1,004 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 89
American Spirits ;.. 6
American Spirits prefd 31*;
7.'mo American Steel Hoop 434
2.4.V) American Steel Hoop prefd ks
7.7<">0 American Steel & Wire 51%
000 American Steel & Wire prefd 96%
1.010 American Tin Plate 31^
250 American Tin Plate prefd... 86>i
39,100 American Tobacco 122%
lot American Trjbaceo prefd Ho
9.550 Anaconda Mining Co 5414
173.841 Brooklyn Rapid Transit P2'i
4 . 4-V> Colorado Fuel A Iron 591,;
5,420 Continental Tobacco 431^
700 Continental Tobacco pn>fd 94.
10,988 Federal Steel 551;
3,570 Federal Steel prefd 7:1
450 General Electric 122
1 '"'"' Glucose Sugar 62
200 Glucose Sugar prefd. 10714 j
1,01)0 International Paper 2^*4 '
625 International Paper pref 74
300 Laelede Gas : 65%
l'"> 0 National Biscuit ; 45
National Biscuit prefd '*••*,
100 National Lead 29^1
National Lead prefd HOVi
1,900 National Steel ; 62%
National Steel prefd 96
soo New York Air Brake 170
120 North American j2'.
510 Pa rifle Coast 4-:'
Pacific Coast Ist prefd .-. S2 "
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
2.250 Pacific Mail ■ 40*
11.465 People's Gas '.'."ill*;
610 Pressed Steel Car ' r.fii;
1,200 Pressed Steel Car prefd ..89 '
600 Pullman Palace Car 175
Standard Rope & Twine " 6%
50.450 Sugar 146^
100 Sugar prefd ugu
020 Tennessee Coal & Iron ""lib
43,671 United States Leather .*] is
14,675 United States Leather prefd... . " 7<Wt
2.400 United States Rubber ' 4.1
--100 United States Rubber prefd !ii6
450 'Western Union .. ' gju
2.400 Republic Iron & Steel.. . "" 9gZ
800 Republic Iron & Steel prefd....!!!!! 72%
760,800 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 2s reg 1- M . K& T 2nd5.... 70%
Po 3s reg 108% M. X & T 4s 83%
Do 3s coup 105% N V Cent lsts UVi
Do new 4s reg.,130 N j C gen 55.. .. .-121 V,
Do new 4s c0up. .130 N Carolina 6s 130'
Do old 4s regr..lll%;N Carolina 45.... 104%
DO old 4s coup.:ll3 in Pacific lsta ... 113 "
Do 6s r-e: 111% JN Pacific 3s e,r,^
Do 5s coup 111*. N Pacific 4s 103%
Dist of Col 3. 655.. 117 N V, C & S L 4s 107%
Alabama, class. A. 109 Nor & West con4s 94%
Do. class B 109 Nor & West gente.l3s
Do, class C 103 Or Nay lsts 1)5
Do, currency ...100 Or Nay 4s 102
Atchson gen 45.... 102% Or S Line fin 127
Do adj 4s 87% Or S Line con US«
Canada So 2ndR...109% Reading Gen 45... R7»4
Ches & Ohio 4%5. '■<'■■■■ Rio <; W lsts 97%
Chea A Ohio 118% ' aL& I M con .is 112%
Chi & S con 75. ..145 IB L & S F gen fls.l2}<S.
CANS P deb 55.120 St Paul cons.... 17314
Phi Term 4s 97% St. P. C & Pac Is 121
Pen & Rio 'I 15tR.106% pt P, C & Tar 5s 121
Den A Rio G 4s .. 99',;, 50 Ry Kb 109
f-: Term. V & Gls.U'3% r-tan R& T .... 83%
Erie Gen 4s 70>4ilenn new settle-
Ft W and Denver j ment 3s 92%
City lsts 77 Tex & Pac Ists....n4i«
C.ci, Elect Bs 118 Tex ft Pac 2nds... 56
G H & S A 68....118 tTnion Par 4« K'4%
Q 11 & S A tndS..loß Wabash lsts . ir,u
H & Tex cent s*. 110*; ; Wabash 2nds .. lOOU
H & T C con 65. .111 West Shore 4s ....113
loa-n Cent lsts — 116 |Wis Cent lsts 7514
(Cans C. P & Q Is. 69'4A'a Centuries tH
la. new con 4s 106 Va ■ deferred 5*
L A N unified 4.«. 99)4<C & B 4s S3U
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40iOntarli. 6 55
Crown Point 20:Ophlr ] 00
Con Cal &Va 16" Plymouth '. 10
Deadwood \ — 70 Quicksilver ' •> 00
Gould & Curry ■24 Do uref.i 7 .-,,
Hale * Norcross.. Sierra Nevada... 74*
FJomeotake 66 00 Standard 2 05
Icon rillver 54 Union Con  3<;
Mexican 42 Yellow Jacket , 23
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 9314
Call loans 4@si Do prefd..... 1131,
Time loans 4 1 ,ifK> 1 3 Wesigh Elec 47
Stocks— I Do prefd 67
Atch Top & S F.. 20% : Bonds-—
Do prefd 63% Atchison 45... 100
Am Sugar 146%; Gen Electric 65... 116*
Do prefd US Mining Shares—
Bell Tek ..362 Adventure ... 7
Boston & Albany.. 2Bl Allouez Mm Co 5
Bof ton • L 1074! Atlantic ]!! 29
Boston A Maine... lßS 1 Boston & Mont '"3471,4
C P. & Q 132 jßutte & Boston.!" 65
Ed Elec 111 205 Calumet & Hecla 750
FitchhurK prefd. ..l2l Centennial .... " 3414
Gen Electric 122 Franklin ... \\\\ 11.
Do prefd. 141 Humboldt .! 11/
Federal Steel 55% Kearoarße ... " 7
Do prefd 79 Osceola '!!&
Mexican Cen 15 Parrot " 491/
Mich Tel 97 Qulncy !!!l5
Old C010ny...: 208 Santa Fe Copper 12V.
Old Dominion 32 Tamarack - 22°
Rubber 4SVi Wlnona .'. 9
Tnion Pacific 4.'. Wolverines 42
Union Land... 5% Utah 39
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram bays;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1899.
The market here was very nils tn-day pending
the Cabinet decision. President Steyn's speech |
broke • the Africans end other markets were '
sympathetically affected. Americans o^iiif.d
dull below parities, but Berlin bought no North
ern Pacific on the dividend statement. Others
were neglected until the afternoon, when New
York bought Southern Pacific and Central Pa
cific, causing a rally, the closing being at the
best. In the street Louisville and Nashville
and Southern Railway . were weak on yellow
fever reports, but rallied. Tintos, 46%. New
York bought Anacondas on the dividend. It
was li^-fimi.
In gold £325,000 wae taken for the Cape and
£19,000 In bars and French coin was bought.
The prices relapsed a farthing to 77s 9d in the
absence of American demand. It is alleged now
that the £100.000 recently taken was for the
Continent and not for New York. Money was
unchanged. The bank did a fair business In
discounts.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Sept. 22.— Canadian Pacific. 95-4,:
Union Pacific preferred, 79H; Northern Pacific
preferred. "6**; Atchlson, 2H4; Grand Trunk.
7%; Anaconda, 11%; Money. 1>& per cent.
f■ : 1
Bank Clearings.
« — i
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week end
ins September 21, with the percentage of in
crease and decrease as compared with the cor
responding week last year:
Pencentaces.
Cities— Amount. Inc. I>ec.
New York 248; 786, 660 51. 6
Boston 135,.-)02,855 40 1 ....
Chicago 133.3a4,450 26.2 ....
Philadelphia 90. 397, 2S 5
St. Louis 32.021.496 21.6
Pittsburg 25.7LC..141 43.5 ....
! Baltimore 19,(J64,357 10.3 ....
San Francisco 20,309,288 26.3
Cincinnati 14, 224, 950 15. 5 ....
Kansas City 14.553.757 25.1
Now Orleans 7,852,757 29.1 ....
Minneapolis 12,620,889 35.3
Detroit 5.«1.331 36.2
Cleveland 10.716,932 39.8
Louisville 7,883,081 27.6
Providence 6.865.700 10.6
Milwaukee 6,039.013 29.3 ....
St. Paul 5.551. C61 8.6
Buffalo 6,222,171 £1.6 ....
Omaha 6.762.750 .... 1.1
Indianapolis 5.2*1. 6.4
! Columbus, Ohio ... 5 637,000 36.2 ....
Savannah 3.093,469 10.3
Denver 8.952,585 42 0 ....
Hartford 2.382.3*3 2.1
Richmond 3.823,706 40.6 ....
Memphis 1,902,623 40.7
Washington 2.040,760 3.5 ....
Peoria 2,103.311 44.8
Rochester 1,810.4*1 4.7
New Haven 1,034, 3.3
Worcester 1.469.574 ....
i Atlanta 1,468.977 49.8 ....
•Salt Lake City 2.475.37S 42.7 • ....
I Springfield. Macs... 1.344.910 1.9
Fort Worth 1,319.252
Portland, Me 1.571.249 2.6 .... !
j Portland, Or 1,693,784 7.6 '
| St. Joseph 3.6-10.723 40:5 ....
Los Angeles 1,688.674 44.
Norfolk 1.197.247 29. S
Syracuse 1,123.754 16.3
j Dcs Moines 1.433,200 31.1
Nashville 1,269,239 18.6
Wilmington, Del... 555.946 21.4 .... I
1 Fall River 642.368 .... 9.3
i Pcranton 1,060.211 11.9 j
Grand Rapids L 153.965 34.4 .... |
Augusta, Oa 1,816,074 155.2 ....
Lowell 545,377 .... 13.4
Dayton, Ohio 549.991 22.1
Seattle 4.323.?'i5 103.4
i Tacoma 1.263.770 97.0
' Spokane 1. 300. 624 62.0
! Sioux City 1,065,843 25.1
i New Bedford 156.328 1.5
i Knoxville, Term.... 658.999 |
Topeka 673.355 13. S .... !
Birmingham 633,563 72.9 ....
: Wichita 4*4. 56.5 ....
Blnehnmton 435,700 30.6 ....
! Lexington, Ky 384,534 11.9
Jacksonville, Fla... 205.751 4.0 ....
Kilan-iazr>o 366,928 33.4 ....
Akron 358,400 14.7 ....
Chattanooga 319.187 2.9
Rockford, 111 245.273 9.8
Canton. Ohio 255,500 22.0 ....
I Springfield. 0hi0... 236.464 55.2
i Fargo. N. D 193.622 .... 42.7
j Sioux Falls. S. D.. 122.280 56.4
I Hastings, Net* 132.763
Fremont, Netr 128.091 47.1
Davenport 894.381 13.0
Toledo 2.301. 59.7
Galveston 7.459.100 .... 16.4
li uston 8.867,701 .... 4.4
i Springfield, 111 524.93"" 56.4 ....•
j Macon Ga..... 662,900 25.6
Helena, Mont 645,829 2.7
Little Rock 301.642 32.5
Toungston, 0hi0... 812.188 47. S .... i
Evansville 696,668 .... 16.2 '
I Totals. U. S {1. 893,223,301 43.0 .... j
T >tnl* outside
New York J614.426.651 23.0
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal 117,001,606 1*.5 ....
Toronto 3.712.194 16.7
i Winnipeg 1.856.443 21.5
1 Halifax 1.466.360 27.1
Hamilton 885.975 23.4 ....
St. John. N. B 725.643 13.0 ....
Victoria. B. C 875.158 ....
Vancouver, B. C... 1,805,997 ....
Totals $31,678,736 19.1
f ~|
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
I « *,
NEW YORK, Sept. ,22.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say:
I Money continues firm, though toward .the
i close of the week there was a relaxation 'of the
pressure which the stock market has expected
during the past fortnight from this cause. The
decline of exchange rates and the news that
! about $500,000 of gold had been engaged in Lon
don for shipment to New York caused a some
what better feeling as to the financial outlook,
and the market rallied more or less from Its
earlier depression. The threatening aspect of
the Transvaal situation was among the bear
' ish factors of the week, and it id thought that
while the danger of war in South Africa over
hangs the London maiket there is little like
lihood of any heavy gold Imports from the
Other side. The movement of money from New
York to the interior continues, and the bank
statement of ' last Saturday practically wiped
out the surplus reserve. Yet the money mar
ket this" week, while firm, was not stringent,
and though the call loan rate was firm at
about 6 per cent, extreme variations from that
i level were less marked.
I The pressure to liquidate speculative hold-
Ings of stocks has at times been severe, the
most significant illustrations of this having
■ been afforded by the course of Brooklyn Rapid
' Transit and the other Flower stocks In the
I early part of the week. The decline In prices
I and the reduction of the- volume of loans to
AVall street has naturally been a factor In as- |
sisting the monetary situation. ' It also seems
: that stocks have been largely passing from
! weak Into strong hands, while the movement of
the past fortnight has made bears of the pro
fessionals and resulted In the creation of a
larger short Interest than the market has pos
sessed for some time. The activity of the bears
was naturally a feature of the week, and to
1 manipulation of this kind some of the extreme
1 declines may be ascribed. The covering of
shorts on a large scale also contributed largely
! to the rallying tendency in price which began
on Wednesday and assumed considerable force
■In Thursday's transactions. The public was by
no mentis active except In reducing Its mar
ginal holdings of stocks, and the market has
been largely In the hands of professional oper
ators.
Europe** part In the speculation here .was
! negative, and while London Is In suspense
about the South African situation, no Interest
In American securities Is •possible. The favora
ble character of railroad earnings, the activity
I of trade and the other evidences of prosperity
I continue to cause a strong underlying bullish
sentiment as to the future of the market. In
i fact, the street Itself Inclines to a belief that
I should t!i.> condition of the money market Im
prove, a renewal of the rising ■ speculation
would be very probable. Nor his the market
j been without bullish developments this week.
I The rapid advance of Delaware, Lackawanna
j & Western stock to 191 and the strength of the
other anthracite coal properties seem to re
flect a general belief that the position of the
coal trade has undertone a material Improve
ment, while In the case of Lackawanna there
are rumors of some pending developments re
garding Its capital' and dividends which would
Justify the advance. Nor are railroad deals ack-
Ing, the most Important happening of that kind
being the reported sale of large Interests In the
Southern Pacific to bankers Identified with the
property.
# <j, ,
Bradstrect's on Trade.
I . I
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— Bradstreefa to-mor
row will say:
Satisfactory trade and price conditions ap
j parc-ntly still relfcn. So few. In fact, are the
| reports of poor trade that favorable reports
may he said to be almost unanimous. An ex
panded volume of fall trade Is Indicated by the
HKKreKate of hank clearing for the week,
though reports from some markets point to the
Kreatest rush bcinK made. Prices, as a rule,
maintain all their former strength, decreases
being few and relatively unimportant. In »v J
ernl lines, notably cereals, cotton. petroleum.
Iron and steel, the tendency Js . ** oa*}SJ£:0 a *}SJ£: I
ward higher levels. Cotton haa been notably j
strong and active. Short crop 811 ™* 1 "^
becoming more generally current, and bearish
| estimates of maximum yields have been prac
tically discarded, more especially as « is
claimed that agents of English spinners are
heavy buyers at the South, and domestic man
ufacturing conditions are known to be in a
high degree favorable. . «,,„,._ .„ !
Steady demand for export and confidence in ,
all of the year's crop being needed ha\e
proved stimulating in the face of heavy re
celpts and admittedly large present supplies.
Possibility of war in the Transvaal, too has
been an additionally strengthening feature.
Iron and steel are higher on a moderate volume
of new business, and the steady placing of or
ders Indicates confidence in present values well
on Into the middle of next year. Pig Iron, how
ever. is nearer a parity with consumption, me
ultimate 'effect of enhanced quotations upon
demand is not yet settled, and imports from
abroad, while not likely to be of heavy volume ,
immediately, are a feature which may have |
to be dealt with next year. The scarcity of j
beef cattle Is reflected in still higher prices,
arid strength Ik shown in domestic hides, which ■
also feel the impetus of steady demand from I
manufacturers of leather. No signs of abate
ment in the sugar war are to be seen, price
cutting Is active and prices are demoralized.
Other groceries, however, are firm, as are most
other lines, with the exception of cheese and
i tin, which note some easing in price from the
recent advance.
Most lines of manufacturing return strikingly :
good reports, notable In this respect being cot- !
ton and ■ woolen goods. Complaints of back- ■
ward deliveries of cotton goods are common,
while In woolen goods a number of mills re
port their order-books filled for spring delivery ,
and have withdrawn from the wool market.
Wool is higher at London and sympathetically
strong here, and expectation of a good export
trade for fine grades of domestic Is enter
tained. The coal trade reflects weather and
trade conditions and still further Improved de
mand, and predictions are of further advances
later in the season. Demand for lumber, i
though Interfered with by strikes at a number
of markets; is reported very strong, and scar
city of cars and boats is reported quite general-
Ily In the West. This scarcity of transporta
tion, however, is not limited to the lumber
trade, similar reports coming from the coal
and Iron industries.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,630.765 bushels, against 4.536.- i
552 bushels last week, 5.224.927 bushels. In the
corresponding week of 1898, 6,708,825 bushels in ;
1897, 3,930.455 bushels in 1896 and 3,151,097 bush- |
els In 1595. Since July 1. this season, exports i
of wheat aggregate 46.643.450 bushels, against ;
41,694,018 bushels last year and 50,310,525 bush- |
els In 1597-BS.
Business failures for the -week are 147. as
compared with 149 last week, 182 in this week a '
year ago, 237 In 1897. 321 In 1856 and 198 in 1595
In the United States.
Business failures for the week in the Domin
ion of Canada number 13, as against 24 last
week. 19 in this week a year ago, 35 in 1597, 34 ,
In 1596 and 35 In 1895.
t 1
Dun's Reviezv of Trade.
♦ »
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
The reaction in the stock market Is not a
sign of anything outside of the market, but
has set many to look for signs of a reaction
elsewhere. Such signs have been hard to find.
It has been for months a wonder that the de
mand for products' was sustained at rates ex
ceeding past consumption In any year, not
withstanding the general rise In prices. But
the demand does not appear to abate, and the
rise In prices continues. A partial explanation
Is that scarcely any class of products directly
consumed by Individuals has advanced as much
'as the wages and employment of labor. With
: more hands at work more hours and with 10 to
15 per cent higher wages, the gain in purchas
ing power has been quite beyond the rise of 4
per cent in boots and shoes this year, or 8 per
cent in leather. 5.2 per cent in woolen goods,
or 10.9 per cent in wool, and even beyond the
I rise of 17 per cent in cotton goods, mainly due
;to the rise of 13 per cent in cotton. Rut pro
ducts used In manufacturing and transporting
have advanced much more, because of the enor
mous Increase In volume of business done and
in anticipated business for the future. Higher
prices cause shrinking demand, other things
being equal, but this year other things are not
equal.
Wheat export? fall a little below last year's,
but in three weeks, flour included, have been
5.656,877 bushels from Atlantic ports against
j 9,293,381 bushels last year and 1,021,998 bushels
from Pacific ports against 907,961 bushels last
j year. But Western receipts have been 21,759,
--! 852 bushels against 23,099,397 bushels last year,
and even more Impressive are the receipts .'of
18,515,932 bushels of corn against 11,177,483 bush
els last year, and the exports of 9.201,427 bush
els against 5. 943. :»'■''. last year. Prices moved
little either way until Friday, when a sharp
advance made the week's gain He. Further
Government reports have been so far accred
ited abroad that cotton has risen to 6.62 c, but
it come? forward more freely than in years of
maximum crops.
When men pay $3 and Jo per ton more than
the latest quoted price for Iron products in or
der to get early deliveries, It is because delay
is threatened on works or railroads or bridges,
vessels or machinery, promising a net profit
many times the cost of a small fraction of the
material. In such circumstances, as in much
of the reconstruction and expansion now going
on, present cost counts for little compared with
the earning power of the finished product in a
time like this. Bessemer and anthracite pig
I are unchanged, grey iorge at Pittsburg and
Chicago and Southern iron are higher, bars $.'
per ton higher and plates $3 per ton and rails
:Jl per ton. Most of the business is for next
; year, with premiums paid for more speedy de-
I livery.
Negotiations for consolidation of Fall River
cotton mills have developed a contest between
those favoring local or non-local management,
with a new selling arrangement announced for
other plain goods as well as for print-cloths.
Prices of prints have been cut one-quarter cent
for Indigo blues, but otherwise the demand is
strong. The American Wool Company has an
nounced that the whole production of all Its
worsted mills has been sold, which may give
unexpected opportunities for other mills. Its
| contracts for a great quantity of machinery in
j dicate a belief that within its field the demand
( for goods will much exceed the capacity of its
■ works. Prices have been firm, with wool
! stronger. since the general advance at London.
; Sales at the three chief markets were 13,443,800
pounds.
Failures for the week have been 154 In the
United States, against 173 last year, And in
Canada IS, against 16 last year.
•€> ■ : *
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
♦ » |
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— FLOUR— Receipts, |
18,699 barrels; exports, 14.169. Firm; winter
j patents, $3 60i§3 80; winter straights. $3 360
I 3 45; Minnesota patents. $3 90 / 10; 'winter ex- j
I tras, $2 4Ji§2 90; Minnesota bakers'. $3@3 15; j
; winter low grades, $2 25'<;2 40.
! WHEAT— 199,350 bushels; exports, ■
125,610. Spot, strong: No. 2 red. 76% cf. o. b. j
afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, So%c f. o.
b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, S3*»c to
arrive; No. 2 red. 74% c elevator. Options
opened steady '%c lower, but advanced and
ruled fairly active and generally firmer on coy- '
ering following reports of large acceptances
of wheat and extraordinary acceptances of
corn, advancing: *;@%c. Higher cables assisted
I the upward movement and covering was a
! prominent feature all day, with occasional
1 small reactions under realizing. The close was
< Btrong, with prices at %<(}%<• net advance.
■ May. 79H©S0Hc, closed SOViC; September, 73 I ,i<?J j
, 74'^c. closed 74V4c; December, 74M>'(j77?»c, closed
I 77% c.
. HOPS— DuII.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL—
METALS— Further Improvement was recorded
In the price of tin locally to-day and lead de
veloped considerable strength as well on in- 1
i creased demand. The news from the West and :
j abroad was of a more cheerful turn. The other ;
I departments of the market failed to rally from !
1 the narrow, stupid rut followed for days and I
; even for weeks. At the close the Metal Ex- j
change called:
PIG I RON— Warrants nominal at $18.
LAKE COPPER— Very quiet at $18 50.
TlN— Firmer at $32 20 bid.
LEAD A shade firmer, with $4 60 Md and
$4 C 5 asked. The brokers" price for lead Is $4 40
and fur copper $18 GO.
SPELTER— DuII, with $5 50 asked.
COFFEE — Options closed quiet: prices un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 16.750 bags.
Including: September, $4 15; October, $4 15:
December, $4 45; January. $4 50; March. $4 GO©
4 85; May. $4 70^4 75: June. $4 SO; July, $4 So; !
August. $4 90. Spot coffee — Rio, quiet and fea- j
tureless; No. 7 invoice. 5 7-16c:No. 7 Jobbing, |
5 15-lGc; mild, quiet; Cordova, S%JMl»ie. f
SUGAR- Raw. quiet, easier; fair refining. !
3 13-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test. 4 5-16 c: molasses
fOitiar, 3 9-lGc; sales, 600 tons centrifugal at
above price; refined, quiet. ■ -1
BUTTER- Receipts, 2622 packages. Western
creamery. 18@23c; June creamery, lßH<!?22c; fac
tory, 13«'.6c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7156 packages. Steady: State
and Pennsylvania, 17@20c; Western ungraded at
mark. 131517 c. ■ •
California Dried Fruits.
California dried fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7'4r;
prime wire tray, V,i<3sc; choice, B%@9c; fancy,
I 9©9% C.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12(313%c; Moorpark, 14@
lfic. '
PEACHES— Unpeeled,-7?i 9c (new).
« . ' ;»■_■_ *•
Chicago Grain Market.
<?> ■ '■ ■ — — : $,
. CHICAGO, Sept. 22.— Wheat opened firm at a
shade over yesterday's closing price for De
cember, and .though there were periods of re
action, the general tendency of the market was
upward to 'the close. . At 'the' start 'business
was rather slow, but with buyers In the ma-
Jorltv. Liverpool was up *,@%d, partly on
the good spot demand at that market and
partly on the critical state of affairs in the
Transvaal. Primary receipts were Urge, but
clearances were also heavy, and early in me
session a good export business was Indicated.
The main feature of the strength, however,
was the elimination of the heavy selling pres
sure recently put on the market by the nrm
whose suspension was announced yesterday.
Barrett & Farnum. A good deal of inherent
strength was suggested by the great amount
of wheat the market had absorbed from that
source without any material, decline, and It
impressed speculators to a considerable degree.
Good buying was done by the local crowd but
outside support was also prominent, St. L/OUis
being a buyer. The strength shown by the
coarse grains also made its influence felt on
wheat later in the session. Trading gradually
broadened and during the afternoon was quite
active, with prices steadily advancing. The
market" got considerably over" call price and
there was a good deal of selling against those
privileges, but everything offered was readily
absorbed. One of the. largest. export, houses in
New York reported more general acceptances
of offers of "wheat to foreign points than ut
any time since the Lelter deal. That many of
fers were still somewhat under the market was
shown by export engagements of but thirty
loads. Most of the statistical news was bear
ish, but It had little effect on the market. De
cember opened at 71 T *'fiT2c, sold at 71 ! 1 71% c,
advanced steadib- to 73c and closed firm and
l<Sl%c higher at 72%@73c. Almost nothing
was done in. September. Offerings were light
and but few bids were necessary to advance
the price 2c. It closed at 74c. .
There was a big speculative trade In corn.
Brokers were all well supplied with buying
orders and prices advanced sharply, with De
cember in the lead. The cash demand was
, large, with foreigners accepting liberally for
shipment of the new crop. ' December closed
?ic higher. . . .
Oats followed the lead of other grains and
was strong all day. December closed %c up. ■
Provisions were rather. dull, but steady. The
market was helped by the strength of the grain
markets and a sharp advance In meat' prices
abroad, and prices averaged a. little higher.
At the close January pork was 7%c higher, lard
2%c and ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 71% 74 71% ' 74
December 72 73 , . 71% 73
May ....: 74% - "'<,%, 74% 75%
Corn No. 2 —
September 34% 34% 34 34%
December 29% 30% 29V4 • 30%
May 30% ' 30% 30 30%
Oats No. 2—
September 22% 22% 22% 22%
December 22% 22% 22% 22%
May „. 23% 24 .23% . 24
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 805 810 : 8 02% 8 07%
December 8 17% 825 8 17% 8 22%
January '9 65 9 70 9 65 9 70
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October 5 32% 535 530 5 32%
December 5 42 1 5 42% 540 540
January 5 55 .5 55 5 50 5 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 5 12% 5 17% 5 12% 5 12%
January .-...5 05 507% 502% 505
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 Spring Wheat. 72% c; No. 2 Red,
724tfr"25ic; No. 2 Corn. 34%(f734Uc: No. 2 Oats,
2?,'n t c ; No. 2 White, 26@25%c; No. 3 White,
24(fi25c: No. 2 Barley, 40@46c; No. 1 Flaxseed,
II 13: Prime Timothy Peed. $2 35; Mess Pork,
per barrel, $7 40<5S 10; Lard, per 100 pounds.
$5 20#5 35; Short Rib Sides .Moose). $5 0505 40;
Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed). 6<56%c; Short
Clear Sides (boxed). $5 555? 5 65; Whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 22.
Articles — j» : '• Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14.000 18.000
Wheat, bushels 162.000 16,000
Com, bushels R92.000 327,000
Oats, bushels 423,000 431,000
Rye. bushels 13,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 81,000 11,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery. 16®22%c; dairy,
13i$18c. Cheese, steady; 10%@11%c. . Eggs,
fresh, 16c.
«■ ■ ; i — $
Foreign Futures.
€ $
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 9% 5 11*4, 6 14
Closing : 5 10Vi 6 0»4 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 25 20 25
Closing 19 30 20 25
Flour—
Opening , 25 50 • 26 70
Closing 24 .V) 26 70
$ $.
California Fruit Sales.
1 1
<8> «>
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California. fruit: Grapes—Mal
aga. 55c@Jl 15. single crates; Tokay, 7Oe!fs;jl 75;
Muscat. 65@85c. Peaches— Salway. 75c@Jl 15 a
box. Pears— Bartletts, $1 15<g2 30; Seckel. 70c,
single crates. ■''':.
Porter Bros.' sales: Grapes— Tokays, $1 15,
half crate?. Pears— Bartletts. Soc@s2 30 a box.
— Salways, 90c'§Jl a box.
CHICAGO, Sept. 22.— Porter Bros. Company's
tales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, 55c@
$1 2.'. half crate; Muscats, 80c; Quinces, Jl 30 a
box. Pears— Bartletts. Jl 2r"S2 35 a box. and 65c
a half box; W. Nellis, $1 55 a box: Eaton's
Beurres, $1 10. — Palways, 90@95c a box;
George's late, 66995 c.
LONDON. Sept. 22.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fmlt: Plums— Kelney. $2 64@
3. single crates; Golden Drop. $1 32ST1 44. Pears
—Bartletts. Jl 3S«il 68, two-fifth? boxes; B. Diel.
$1 20; B. Bosc, Jl 20; B. Hardy. Jl 44@1 68; Clalr
geau. $1 44: Duchesse. $1204x132. Peaches—
Wllcox Cling, $1 20.gl 6S. Prunes— German, $1 32,
single crates.
London Wool Sales.
<» ' — I ®.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— Thors was great com
petition at the won] auction sales to-day, with
prit-f-s still maintaining their high level. Scour
ed merinos were eagerly sought after and a
large supply was taken at hardening rates, the
, home trade securing the bulk. Continental huy
■ ers were more active to-day. Greasy merinos
ruled against buyers. The French and German
: representatives Increased their operations, espe
i claliy in locks and pieces. Crossbreds w»re in
: large supply and embraced Rood lines of fine
. stock, which were spiritedly competed for at
fully 15 per cent advance. The Yorkshire buy
ers secured the most of this wool after active
! bidding with the German buyers. Heavy ofler
i ing of lower descriptions of sllpes passed off ex
tremely well at a higher level. America pur
' chared a few medium greasy, ('ape of Good
I Hope and Natal wool was in small supply and
j fl:m. A few lot* of Kast London greasy" were
| withdrawn owing to the bids not reaching the
| limit placed upon them by the owners. The at
: tendance was large.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
i CHICAGO, Sept. 22. —CATTLE— There was a
light supply of cattle to-day, but the demand
was poor and prices were no higher. Good to
i choice cattle sold at $5 60<ff6 90; commoner
grades at $4 BO®6 r>s; stockers and feeders
brought $3^4 !iS; bulls, cows and heifers. $1 afVij)
; 5 35; Texas steers. $3 26@4 25; Rangers, $3 25ifi
I 6 10; calves. $4 5007 80.
HOGS— Hogs were In active demand. All
classes of buyers were in the market and prices
advanced SQIOC. Heavy hogs sold at J4 15f{4 75;
mixed lots at $4 35-S4 To: light at J4 35@4 SO
pigs brought $3 RO(fT4 75; culls, $2<?r4 10.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs were practically
; unchanged. Sheep sold at $2 2.l'H'4 40 for poor
i to best; lambs brought $3 iiOifro SO; Westerns
! $4 W<T 5 r!0.
j Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, 19,000; sheep, 6000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 22.— Clearings, $278,
--217; balances, $56,379.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 22— The 1899-1900 season Is
■lowly getting under way and wheat Is again
j beginning to roll in at a rate which Is Inter
, esting for dealers who have been waiting
I longer than usual for a start. Receipts to-day
j were 180 cars, making over 600 cars within the
i past week. Walla Walla, sSfts9c; Valley, 60©
' 61c; Bluentem, 0062 c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 22.— Kxport wheat is quoted
at fiSc for Club and 3c better for Rluestem
Millers are paying I'<i2c more, but only buying
for present needs. Receipts are light and this
Benson's crop is grading low.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— Consols, 104«i,(^in4ij gjj.
ver. 26 15-16 d. French Rentes. lOOf 6SCOIOM 72^c.
Wheat, cargoes off coast, more inquiry; cargoes
on passage, less offering; No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia, 30s; English country markets, part 6d
dearer.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 22.— WHKAT-Firnv No
I< Standard California, 6s Id; wheat in Paris
quiet: flour in Paris, quiet; French country
markets, steady; weather In England, show
ery.
COTTON— Uplands, "»»d.
CI-OSING.
LIVERPOOL. Sapt. 22— WHEAT-Spot No 2
Western winter red, flnn, 5s Til; No. l spring"
firm. 6s 2d: No. 1 California, tis 2d. Futures'
firm: September, 5s 10V«d; December. 6s u7
March, fa l*«d. * u>
COBN— Spot American mixed, new, firm 33
6%id; °I<l. 3 " (i %' l Futures, firm; Septe m fo e ' r
3s 6¥ t d: October. 3s s%rt; November, 3s 6^d
Receipts of wheat during the past three days
317.000 centals, including 219,000 American- do
corn, 158,300 centals.
LOCAL MARKETS.
<& ■ ' "■»
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — . $4 84
Sterling- Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — * 88
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican ; Dollars 48 48 1*
Fine Silver, per ounce — 58%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The market was stiff and active,
and futures, advanced materially. There was
a good demand for shipment.
Chicago was strong at an advance. The in
terior movement' in the Northwest decreased
and offerings were light everywhere. Broom
hall cabled a good' spot demand at Liverpool,
with Argentine shipments of 1,500.000 bushels;
also that the Transvaal situation was serious
and that locusts were threatening the northern
part of the Argentine, - though the prospects
there were considered good. All markets
looked as If they would do better. There was
an urgent demand for cash Corn.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02Vi@l 05; milling,
$1 07Mi<S'l 10.
i CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal' Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
SOOO ctls. $1 09%. „ ,_,
Second Session— December— 2ooo : ctls, $1 10% ;
34.000, $110%. May -6000. $1 16*4. -.
Regular Morning Session— December— l4.ooo
ctls, 'sllo%; 8000. $111;. 8000, $110%. . May— 2ooo.
$1 17: 10.000. $1 16%.
Afternoon Session — December — 15,000 ctls,
$110%. May— 2ooo, $1 16%.
BARLEY— Ventura takes for Antwerp
58,105 ctls, valued at $63,915.
The market was decidedly better all around
yesterday and the demand was good, sales be
ing free at full figures. Futures advanced. It
may be that the turning point has been reached
in this cereal, which has been dull for a long
time.
Feed. 72%®52%c; Brewing, 87%@90c; Cheva
lier, $I@l 12% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December— 2ooo
Ctls. 84% c; 6000. S4&C. ... - ...
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
85*, c. Seller '99. new— S4c.
. Afternoon Session— 2ooo ctls, So^c;
2000. SCMiC; 2000, 86V 4 c; 2000, 86% c. May—
SS%c; 2000. SB%c. . - ■ _~~-
OATS— cereal sympathized with Wheat
and Barley and was firmer under an improved
demand, though quotations showed little
change. White, $1 05®l 20; Red, $1 05<@'l 12% ;
Black. 90®97%c per ctl. /
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $105; White
and mixed. $1 02f?l 05 per ctl.
RYE— 95c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— i.
Flour and Millstuffs.
California family extras, $3 60@J 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40®3 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for su
perfine. :
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. $3 2508 50; Buck
' wheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat, $S 75;
! Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
i Oats (barrels). $6 55@6 95; in sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There is nothing new in any description, trade
being quiet all around.
BRAN— SIS 50017 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50019 60 per ton.
• FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $17 50@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@25; Jobbing.
$28 60@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornmeal,
$23 50024 50: Cracked Corn, $24^25; Mixed Feed,
$16016 50; Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 5098 50 for common to good
I and $909 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6®
8 50: Oat, $607 50; Barley, $507; Island Barley,
I $505 50; Alfalfa. $5 5007 per ton; Compressed,
$6 5009. 1
STRAW— 3OO3Sc per bale. . ■_"£,
Beans and Seeds.
Dullness still characterizes the markets un
der this head and prices show no changes.
BEANS— $1 65@1 75; Small White,
$2 10<2?2 15; Large White, $1 60@l 75; Pinks,
$2 15^2 25; Reds. $4; Blackeye, IS 1 ?? 3 25; But
ters, nominal: Llmas. $4 0534 15; Pea, $2 I£>@
2 15: Red Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 24C<?3c; Yellow Mus
tard, 3*S«?4c; Flax, $1 90?f2 10; Canary Seed.
i\-i?.r per !b for California and 3^,0 for East
ern: Al'alfa. nominal: Rape. 3c; Hemp, 4@
4%c': Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 25@1 50; Green. $1 65
(§2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
A slight change In River Potatoes will be
seen. Otherwise the market for all descrip
tions remains about the same. The supply of
Tomatoes is as large as ever.
POTATOES— River Reds, 60065 c: Early Rose.
40@55c; Burbanks, 40®70c per ctl: Salinas Bur
banks. 90c@$l 10. Sweet Potatoes, 75@87V4c for
Rivers and $1 25<£ 1 50 for Merced.
OIONS— 75<gS5c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50@
'"VEGETABLES— Green Pea?. 2ifT2 1 4e per lb:
String Beans. 2c; LVma Beans. l%c; Cabbage,
BoS>6oc; River Tomatoes, 15«20e: Alameda To
matoes. 20f35c; Egg Plant, 25@35c; Green Okra.
30®50c per box; Dried Okra. 12 l 2 c per lb: Gar
lic 2«3c; Green Peppers", 25@35c for Chili and
25&35 C per box for Bell: Carrots. 30<55 40c per
sack- Bay Cucumbers, 25@4(1c: Pickles, $1 7."
per ctl for No. 1 and 75c for No. 2: Summer
Sauash 20.530 c: Marrowfat Squash. $6@B per
ton- Green Corn. 50c@$l per sack: $I@l 25 per
crate for Alameda and 75@S5c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
There has been less Eastern Poultry on the
market during the past two or three days and
the feeling is firmer in consequence. All de
scriptions are higher.
' Game is still bringing fancy prices under
I light receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 16@lic for Gob
! blers and 16@17c . for Hens; Young Turkeys.
19fi21c- Geese, per pair, $1 75©a; Goslings. $175
<f?2- Ducks $4f!4 50 for old and $4 5066 for
young; Hens, $406 80; young Roosters, $4@5 60;
old Roosters.' $4 5005: Fryers. $3 5004; Broilers.
$3 2508 50 for large, $2 75©3 for small: Pigeons.
$1 25(51 50 per dozen for old and $1 75Q2 for
Squabs. _
GAME— Doves, $1 per dozen: Grouse, $3;
Sage Hens. $7; Mountain Quail, $4; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is no further change to report. Butter
remains as previously stated. Eggs and Cheese
j are alow, with ample supplies.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 2">'c. with some
specials at 26c; seconds, 23© 24c ,
Dairy— Fancy, 22V4(g.23c; good to choice, 21@
j 2 9 c ■ store, nominal. :■.•.,
Pickled roll, 20<3 ; 21c; firkin, 19@21c; cream
ery tub. 21@22c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old, 10
©lOVic; Young America, ll©ll^c; Eastern.
14© 15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 21fT2.'c for store and 27@30c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, . 22V4@25c for se
lected, 211722 c for No. 1 and 17@20c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grmies sold up to $25 per ton, there
being a number of pales at this figure. Table
Grapes are easy and abundant.
Tree fruits stand the same. Melons continue
firm. Lemons and Limes show no weakness.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 3:.ra6oc per box for common and 75c
QJI for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries. $3 50175 per chest-
Strawberries, $7<ffß per chest for small and
$2@4 for large berries; Raspberries, $3@4 per
chest: Huckleberries. 6<3Sc per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries. $8 per bbl.
Grapes. 35@40c per box for Sweetwater &£
40c for Black. 35@500 for Muscat, 25@50c for
i Tokay. 75e for • Seedless, 50@60c for Cornichon
I and 3:>i£f4oc for Isabellas: crates sell 1O01&>
higher; Wine Grapes. $20©25 per ton.
Watermelons, $5820 per 100.
Cantaloupes. 75c@$l 25 per crate; Nutmegs
30(560c per box. '
Pears. Bartlelt. 75c@$l 25 per box; Winter
Pears. 50c©$l per box.
Figs, 40©75 c per box for double layers of
black and SMKOc for white. ;'. :
Peaches, 25@S5c per box.
Plums and Prunes, 35@70e per box and crate.
Quinces. 40(fi6(Y per box. .
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. $2@3 for com
mon and $3 50i84 SO for good to choice- Mexican
Limes, $7 5068; California Limes, $1; Bananas,
$1 5002 £0 per bunch; Pineapples, $I@2 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits. Nuts, Raisins.
Peaches continue stiff. Apples are weak, but
no lower. Prunes are dull on the spot.- though
there are rumors of large sales in a private
way. . ■ .
Prices for new Walnuts will be announced
next week. .'
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks, 5V4c for 40-GO'x, 4V4c for 50-60' s, 3%'3!4e for
60-70' s. 3®3'4C for 70-80" s, 3@3i,ic for SO-90"s and
Z%<?3c for 90-100's; Apricots, 10911 c for Royals,
14'aloc for Moorparku and i2toi2Hc for Blen
heims; Peaches. 4H@se for Standards, s^(o'6c
for choice and &hi<B*ic tor fancy: peeled Peaches,
lO^iic; Evaporated Apples. 6®6V4c:. Sun-dried,
46*00 per lb; Nectarines. 7U-?fSc per lb for
red and S(g>9c for white; Pears, s®7c for quar
t«rs and 7*4 l 2'9c for halves: Black Firs i c - / .
White Figs, 6@6^c; Plumß, sV4®6c for dark and /
7@7V4c for bleached.
RAISINS— a.'Vie for two-crown, 4%c for three
! crown. s^c for four crown. s®BUe for Seedless
Sultanas, 6(5'10c for bleached Thompson's Seed
less and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Gratis
29i0-3c. '
NUTS— Walnuts, 6@Bc for hardshell, 10@i2~
for softshell: Chile "Valnuts. U@l2c: Almonds.
10 l ,i®ll%c for paper shell, 88?flc for soft and
4@6c for hard shell; Peanuts. 5%06%c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. S%tf?i9c; Filberts, 11@
ll%c; Pecans, 7H@Sc; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, JlV4c for bright and NH4c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7V 4 @7Vic;
light amber extracted, 6H@7c; dark, 6Ho per
lb.
BEES WAX- 24 per lb. ,
Provisions. "***' m
' Bacon and Lard have advanced Me and are
active and firm at the advance. Hans are
unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb fcr heavy,
9*4@loc for light medium, ll%c for Ugh 5> for
extra light and IZMc for sugar-cured ; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13% c; California Hams 13 C -
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl: extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra rieir
$16 50: mess. $15® 15 50; Smoked Reef, 12 per lb!
LARD— quoted at 6@6%c per lb fn»
compound and 7 We for pure; half barrels pur»
Sc: 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%®7Vsc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are higher and very strong and active.
The Leather trade Is reported phenomena •
active and tanners are turning down order*,
being unable to nil all of them.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc .under Quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lie; medium. lO^c; light. 10c; Cow
hides, 9%<gloc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands'
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf rte"
Sheepskins, yearlings. 20<g30c each: 'short
Wool. 35@60c each; medium. 70@90e; long Wool'
Soc<Ssl 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $202 25 f o «
large and $1 2. .'3:1 50 for small: Colts, 23®50c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%<35e per lb- x 0
2. 4<fti\ic; refined, ■ ; grease, 2@2\4c
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon 17«isc-
Eastern Oregon. 12@14c for choice and 9giiud
for fair to good. "
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, B@loc- <i<>
plains. 7<??Sc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7V4@9c: Northern free, 9@llc; do de
fective. 7'<.<J?loc per lb. '
HOPS— at ll@l3c per lb asked.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The packers report plenty' of Hogs a* the
noted decline. Other descriptions stand the
same.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@Bc per lb for Steers and 6%27c for
Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®Sc: Ewes. 7e per !b
LAMB— Spring, g®^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogg. EH<?S%c for small. s\c for
medium and 5V,c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 6&c; dressed Hogs, 7@S^c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 6%@7c: Wool
Bags, 26@2Se; Fruit Bag?. 614 c, s'£c and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7Hc for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, »8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and $10 75
In Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel. $S per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
j Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
I sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been three arrivals of coal from
Washington, with 7576 tons: three from British
Columbia. 10,686; three from Oregon, 1650: one
from Baltimore. 2265; total. 22.177 tons. No car
goes of English or Australian are at hand, al
though there are five vessels fully due. The
scarcity of fuel for domestic uses is very ap
parent, as over 100 coal carts are In a line
awaiting their turns to get Wellington out of
a steamer just arrived. There are several
steamers due this month that have been en
gaged 'under time charters to transport coals
to San Francisco. When these commence their
deliveries our supplies will be materially aup- •
mented. The drafts made on our steamers by
the Government have seriously congested our
transportation facilities, as that service 13
much more remunerative than carrying coal.
This has caused an advance In freights from
Washington and British Columbia, which ad
vance is being added to the price and will be
felt later on by our large consumers of steam,
fuel.
"This may force some of our manufactories
1 to utilize oil, which should prove more eco-
I nomical In some cases. The demand for Hono
lulu is active. Shipowners are demanding $6
per ton freight on coal from Newcastle, N. S.
W.. for early loading, and even at that figure
but little tonnage is procurable."
RlCE— China mixed, $3 70«I3 75: China No. 1.
$4 :.iVg4 96; extra do. $5@5 35; Hawaiian, $0$
5 75; Japan. $4 12 1 - 2 '?H 75; Louisiana, $5@6.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags: *
' Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c: Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
| lated, 4%c: Confectioner.-' A. 4?4c; California
A, — : Magnolia A. 2 c: Extra C, 4%c: Golden
C. 4*4 c: barrels, l-16c more: half barrels. V
more: boxes. Me more; 50-lb bags, Me more.
I No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
I equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 6%c; boxes,
s"*c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 22.
Flour, qr sks..:. 19.S7SJ Shorts. t=ks 830
Wheat, ctls Sugar, sks.'. 2,400
: Barley, ctls 17.566 Hay, tons 697
Oats, ctls 2. .Straws, tons 38
i Butter, ctls 184 Hops, bales 133
I Cheese, ctls 29 1 Wool, bags 167
I Tallow, .ctls 20 Pelts, bdls 3.R53
! Beans, sks ' 629 Hides. No 7.87?
• Potatoes, sks 1*640 Eggs, doz 6,090
I Onions, sks 424: Quicksilver, risks 140
Bran, sks 483 1 Leather, rolls 7S
Middlings, sks... 390, Wine, gals 43,050
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 11,5921 Bran, sks 1,19;,
Potatoes, sks 472 1 Wool, bales 5
■ ♦ ■ .
<§■— _ ■ - -&
Family Retail Market.
<$ —Q.
There is no change in Butter, Cheese and
i Eggs this week.
Poultry and Game are both dearer, and the
latter la very scarce.
There are some changes in Fruits. Lemons
i and Limes are scarce and dear. Vegetables
I stand about the same.
Cranberries are on the market.
Fish is in lighter supply and rather dearer.
The followings is The Calls regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton
Canne'l ......$ @10 00 1 Castle Gate. .s9 00©- —
i Wellington . ©10 OOjSouthfield
New Welling- Wellington ff9 50
• ton §10 00 ; Coos Bay —§7 00
Seattle 8 00® 1
Dairy Produce, etc—
Butter. iancy, per I Common Eggs 25#—
squai^ 50@55 Ranch Eggs, per
do, per roll 45(7*50 dozen 30ff 33"
j do, good 46®— Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal — ®15 pound 12@15 ,
Cheese, Eastern.. 17<(t20 Do, extracted....— folu \
Cheese, Swiss 20@25 ; ■-. , -..".:.
Meats, per — (
] Bacon 12®17IPork. fresh 15@2 >
Beef, choice lSff2ojPork. - ■>" 12-g 15
Do good lOfthfitPnrk Chop* ].■,„>
Corned Beef —#10 Round Steak .....io®l2
Ham, Cal "'!■" Sirloin Steak..... .ls®—
Do Eastern ..17Vi«?— 'Porterhouse d0... 20<j?25
, Lard 12015 Smr.kwl Beef ....12f15
j Mutton ' W'fflS'Pork Sausages.. 12Jsg20
I Limb 12@15|Veal 15@20
} Poultry and Game—
Hen« each 50««S Geese, each.. Jl 2501 50
"™ "~rv r:K::::*IS«
nid Roosters, ea.. doz....ji 50
■ frye". each..... c ..,. pair ./ 2 - 0
! Ducks'iach lb :.50ff65!Mt. Quail, pair... 500
' Fruits and Nuts —
' A^nd/'lb NU ' C ir.ff 20. Limes, per d0z...13(5—
! Apples ■••••••••• 20ii 25 i Peaches, per lb.. 4® 5
, RlacklH-iri. Kaisins. lb
f ,' lr f"" l , e 20 iMspberries, per
i fantnl. . .-■ l!raWt , r 25(&35
jx- ranKi Melons. ■• s®lo Strawberries, per
' 5, u JL me * r lb- -•• 5^ «> «mwer !...2.^0
- Figs ' per ■» ■ 4ffi. 6. Walnuts, lb 12@15
Huckleberries. lb.lOfttl? 1 Watermelons. ea.lo«Ss
Lemons, doa. 0®» +
. ,'" i 1 :-'''k% d0z...25(ft50 Lentils, Ib flit 8
411t5 do*' 12«15 lettuce, do* 15®
ietns white, lb.. 4V, 5 Onions, lb  2f 3
Colored. tb ..... Jf 5 Peppers, gree^j. lb 6f 6
V?ma lb B@— Potatoes, lb 3(fi> 5
..'I'.V.Vc each ... MHO Sweet Potatoes... 30 4
rnnliiowers. each 5«j"l0 Parsnips, .1.7. .:».15@—
Celery bunch ... s«—j Radishes, .lz bchslOH?l2
rucutn'bers, pr dxlO®— Sage, doz bnchR..255T35
Cress doz bnchs.2oo3s String Beans, lb. 4<§ 5
Ece Plant, per lb o@ S Summer Squash.
Green Corn, per per lb 4T 5
dozen 10«t25 Thyme, lb 20«30
Green Okra, pr lb 4*? 6 Turnip.-i, d.Ol 10@15
Green Peas. 1b... 4'h 3|Tomatoes, lb 4@ 5
Fish, per lb— : * : . • 'J '• ■ \ v
j Barracuda ....15<f?— Shrimps ..'.'....(.. B<7in
! Carp -«» Shad 12@—
Codfish —#13 Sea Bass 15©—
Flounders — if 13 Smelts — <Sls
Halibut <£— Soles U©ls
Herring — & — lSkates. each ....10<ff—
Kingflsh -ill". Tumcod 12'f?l.i '
Mackerel —<??—! Clams, .gal 500—
do Horse • ®12 Do hardshell, 100.40ff150
Perch 12(fT15 Crabs, each 10®15
Pompano — <ff— Do softshell, d0z.25®35
RockHsh 15®:n Mussels, qt 10612*
Salmon, smoked.. in! - Oysters. Cal, ino..4(W>
Salmon, fresh ...— @— |Do. Eastern,' dos.2s@tO
Continued on Page 13.TWENTY-SIXTH
ASSIGNED TO THE
TRANSPORT GRANT
She Will Sail Next
Monday.
The Thirtieth Infantry will be the next
to get away, but it will he followed
closely- by the Twenty-sixth, which has
been ordered to take the place of the
Thirty-first on the transport Grant. The
Thirtieth will sail to-day on the Sherman.
It was at first thought that the regiment
would be trans! to the Grant, but
Instead the Twenty-sixth has been moved
up on the list of those to go away and
it will take the Grant and leave for the
islands Monday next. The Twenty-sixth
has not been more than a week in camp.
It has had a good deal of target practice
and a great many of its men are veterans,
so it does not need so long a probationary
period as some of the regiments which
have come from the East.
There has been no change In the situ
ation at the smallpox camp In the Pre
sidio. It was reported yesterday morn-
Ing that the two cases reported the day
previous had turned out to be varioloid;
but In the same report there was informa
tion that three more '"suspects" had been
round, i jd had been added to the number
of those In Isolation. The regiment ap
pears to be in for a protracted stay at
the island.
The work of recruiting up the battalion
of the Fortieth Infantry, assigned to the
Presidio, is progressing very slowly and
It bids fair to take until well along in
the fall to get the four hundred and odd
men needed. So far there are less than
one hundred men in the command and
they are coming in by ones and twos a
lay. Notwithstanding this experience
with the Fortieth and the almost dis
astrous result of the attempt to recruit
the Thirty-fifth Regiment on this coast.
the Government will try to recruit a bat
talion of the Forty-third here. Several
ofacers of the Forty-third will be ordered
here and the work wSI be commenced at
once, but when there Is so much trouble
to secure men for the Fortieth the Forty
third can have but a poor chance. Only
uncssigned recruits are assigned to the
Fortieth and the same .'- will apply
to the" battalion of the Forty-third.
Three hundred and fifty of the recruits
now at the Presidio will be sent down to
the Sherman this morning to be sent
away with the Thirtieth Regiment.
A board of officers met at the Presidio
Thursday to examine four members of
the Minnesota regiment for commissions
in the provisional army. The candidates
were Captain Clarence Bunker of Com
pany C. Lieutenant W. H. Johnson of
Company F. Battalion Sergeant Major W.
A.. Loie and Private Poehler of Company
D. It will not be known who are the
lucky ones until the report of the board
has been sent on to Washington and the
successful candidates are notified of their
appointment. There are four commissions
to be given to the regiment
The Twenty-ninth Infantry will be the
next to arrive. It was recruited in the
South Atlantic States with headquarters
tn Savannah. It passed through E. Paso,
Texas, a few days ago. and will arrive
here some time next week unless delays
Dccur on the road. The Tw«nty-eighth is
also being recruited in th Southern
States, but as vet it has not progressed
far enough to make itseif talked about.
Major Parker W. West, inspector gen
eral of volunteers, has been ordered to
proceed to Manila on the transport Sher
mar. which will sail to-day, instead of
an the Grant. *■'■■' ■■'•'■!
First Lieutenant Russell C. Langdon of
the Third Infantry has been assigned to
iu'y as quartermaster and commissary of
the transport Charles Nelson.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Thomas K.
Mullins has been assigned to temporary
duty at the general hospital at the Pre
sidio pending his assignment to Manila.
" Major Franklin A. Meacham. surgeon
ol volunteers, has beer, ordered to report |
to "the commanding officer of the troops i
on the transport Sherman for duty with
them durir.g the trip to Manila- On ar
riving at Manila Major Meacham will re
port to the commanding general of the
Department of the Pacific.
«
Kept Their Places Open
Six members of the First California
Regiment were customs employes at the
time of their enlistment, and they will be
reinstated in"'. sen-ice if they notify
Collector Jackson to-day that such is their
1 desire, otherwise their places will be filled
In the usual manner out of several hun
dred patriots standing on the outer thres
hold of the eligibl-i iist ready for work.
The soldiers whose positions are ready
for them, are T. J. McCreach. assistant
weigher; C. E. Ke^sler, extra assistant
weigher; S. I. Maiston, extra assistant
weigher: H. F. Buthraff, inspector, class
E-'a H. Clifford. inspector, class E;
Lloyd' Spenser, clerk to Surveyor Spear,
Mr Spenser Is Mr. Spear's personal ap
pointment, but the others are to be ap
pointed by Collector Jackson.
Th- positions have been kept by the
Collector for the men under the provi
sions of a circular rssued by the Secretary
of- the Treasury dated April 14. IS9B, and
the- proclamation of President McKinley
dated June 1, 1599. The Treasury circular
was to the effect, that employes who en
listed for the war may be reinstated un
der civil service rules at any time within
twelve months from the time of separa
tion from the service.
The President's proclamation provided
that the men might be reinstated with
out regard to the length of time, presum
ably spent in the army or navy.
Of fifteen extra positions which the Sec
retary of the Treasury created at the re
quest" of Special Agents Smith and Linck.
the Collector filled only nine, leaving six
vacancies for the boys in khaki. ■ Thes^
appointments will be for positions of
equal grade and commanding equal pay
as those vacated more than a year ago
by the volunteers.
Lieutenant Percy L. Badt of the First
California Regiment has been appointed
secretary of the employment committee,
and he has taken up his headquarters in
the Red Cross tont in Union square.
G. W. Beyreuther, city plumbing in
spector, has undertaken to provide as
many as possible of those of the regiment
who are plumbers with positions. He has
already secured the promise of twenty
five places and he is seeking for more.
The Artillery Men.
At 3 o clock yesterday afternoon the
men pf the southern battery of what was
last week the California Volunteer
Heavy Artillery took the special train pro
vided for them and started for home. The
battery r, go direct to Los Angeles and
there •he men will get a reception that is
worthy of them. They are from all over
the southern counties, but everybody will
be at -Los Angeles to greet them and
there they will have a royal time.
Throughout the war there was no com
mand that made a cleaner record than
did- the California Heavy Artillery. It
made no mistakes and whatever duty
came in its way was well performed. It
has received only the highest praises from
the generals with whom the command
has served and It has done much to up
hold the fame of California's troops in
the field. While the celebration here was"
In. progress the artillery was merged in
the local regiment and the regiment re
ceived most of the notice, but in Los An
gelea there will be no one but those who
wear the red and the whole city will be
the reception committee.
The men will receive breakfast at Fres
no—a breakfast provided by the ladies of
Fre«no headed by the members of the
Red Cross Society of that town. The spe
cial train with the artillerymen will
reach Fresno at 9 o'clock and will be
there an hour. It is expected that the
train will reach Los Angeles about 12.30.
»
William Flannigan's Death.
The ca^e of William Flannigan, a musi
cian of the Thirteenth Minnesota Regl
tnerit, who ditrd at the City Receiving Hos
pital Tuesday night, has been laid before
the Coroner by the military authorities
on account of come discoveries made at
an autopsy performed yesterday morn-
It was believed the man had died from
alcoholism and his body was turned over
to th<? military authorities by the Coroner.
The doctors of the hospital made an au
topsy and found several large blood clots
on the man's brain, one of which they de
termined had caused the man's death.
Whether the blood clot was caused by a
blow or a fall the doctors were unable to
discover, so the case was reported back to
the Coroner for his actidn.
Detective Ed Gibson has been detailed
Colonel H. C. Kessler of Butte, Mont.,
Commanding First Montana Infantry, United States Volunteers.
! to Investigate the deaths of Flannigar
' and W. H. Carr. both of whom died ai
■ the Receiving Hospital on Tuesday even-
I ing. the latter of a broken skull. The in :
; quests in both cases have been postponed
' until Monday to enable the officer to maw
! a tVinrrmcrh inv*>stl?a lion.
rhe Boys on *he £ai
General Shatter ha? notinea \
:harg» of the reception of the C n .
turnin* on the City of Para that
he men will be sent out to the Presidio,
ey will be held in quarters until
heir flna'l settlements with the pay-
The Harbor Commissioners have set
■ east nave of the ferry building
md the waiting rooms where recently the
• xhibition for the
ise of the committee to banquet the men
in the Para. The Commissioners are sure
he space set aside will be ample for
Contributions Still Come In.
The following additional contributions
o the California Volunteer reception fund
*-ere reported yesterday by the citizens"
sxecutlve committee: Departments Nos.
San Francisco Police Court— H. L.
J»ach!ir- -.outing attor:
Judge C. T. Conlan, $10; Charles A. Low
John Rice, clerk
fv R,,t - warrant clerk. i 2 60;
Jeorge Kelly," bailiff. $2 50; Frank
stenographer, $5; Howard Vernon.
-anher. £ BO: Judge E. P. Mogan, CO.
MONTANA MEN HAVE
REACHED PORT
Continued from Page Seven.
some have suffered more heavily than
others, as is shown by the following:
Company A, Great Falls, 5 killed, 13
wounded.
Company B. Butte. 1 killed, 11 wounded.
Company F, Butte, 4 killed, 8 wounded.
Company G, Butte. 3 killed, 12 wounded.
Company C, Bozeman and Helena, 2
killed, 16 wounded.
Company D. Virginia City, 1 killed, 11
wounded.
Company E, Dillon, 9 wounded.
Company H. Kallspel. 1 killed, 12
wounded.
Company I, Lewiston, 3 killed, 9
wounded.
Company X, Anaconda, 4 killed, 7
wounded.
Company M, Anaconda. 8 killed, 8
wounded.
Company L, Helena, 4 killed, 6 wounded.
Company not designated. 2 killed, 6
wounded.
Line and staff officers. 3 wounded.
FIRST MONTANA.
Killed In Action and Died of Wounds
or Disease.
COMPANY D.
Private "William Marshall. April 2, 1599.
COMPANY G.
Private Robert Brown. March 24-26. 1899.
Private Percy R. Lockhard. March
24-26. 1*99.
Private Steve Stevens. March 24-26, 1599. ;
COMPANY H.
Private Frederick P. Wheaton, March
31. 1899.
COMPANY K.
Private Charles Kairn. April 8. 1899.
Private James Kennedy, April 25. 1599.
Private James Callahah, April 36, 1599.
Private Thomas Scallon, May 4, 1599.
COMPANY M.
Private Harry Archbald, January 6. !
1£99.
Private John J. Campbell. February 16,
1599.
Private William Mietsce'.ke, March 25,
; 1899.
Private Charles Murphy, April 27. 1599.
Private John A. Saxton, June 3. 1899.
Private David Silver, June 17, 1599.
I COMPANY NOT DESIGNATED.
Musician Clarence G. Brigg, February
12. 1599.
Private David L. "Williams, drowned,
June l, 1599.
WOUNDED.
Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Wallace, Ca
loocan. February 10. ■•
Major Dr. F. J. Adams. Caloocan and
j Polo-. March 24-26, 1539.
Major John R. Miller, Calumpit, April
27. 1-95.
COMPANY D.
Captain W. L. Hill, February 10, 1899.
Private Seth H. Dibble, February 10,
' MM.
Private Harry G. Reynolds, February
10, 1599.
Private C B. Beloa, February 10, I«3D.
Private J. 11. Box, February 10. 1899.
Sergeant G. W. Lowman, February 10,
190.
Private Thomas Richards, March 24-26,
i 1899.
Private "William Marshall, March 30,
i 1899.
Private E. L. Clen, June 3, 1899.
Private William F. Kramer, June 3. 1899.
Private James A. Casebeer. June 10, 1899.
Total— lL - COMPANY E.
COMPANY E.
Second Lieutenant William Gardenheir,
February 10,'lfcUO.
Private ' James McCreary, March 24-26,
**fs99 *•■■-■ ~v '- ,"', •
A Private John" Cavanau March 24-26,
1899. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. 1599.
Private James Enri^ht, March 24-26. IS I *.
Private John Calanary, March 24-26,
1599.
Private Edward McWearer, March 24-26,
18*).
Corporal George T. Banks, March 24-26,
1899.
Private Axel Peterson, March 29, 1399.
Private James Lir.ax. March 29, 1599.
Captain Andrew Jensen, April 27, 1599.
Total—
COMPANY G.
Private "William Borthwick, February
10, 1599.
Private Babcock, February 10, 1599.
Private William Kennedy, February 10,
im.
Private Steve Stevens. February 13, 1890.
Private Theodore Manchester. February
22-23. 1899.
Private Edward Moore, February 26, 1599.
Private Robert Brown, March 24. 1539.
Private William Yost, March 24. 1898.
Private Charles L. Young, March 25,
1599.
Private John T. Mclaughlin, March 25.
1589.
Private William J. Bart. April 4, 1899.
Private W. D. Raymond. May 24. 1599.
Total — 12.
COMPANY H.
Corporal Hayes. February 7, 1599.
Private Reynolds, February 7. 1899.
Private Clarence Briggs, February 10,
Private Lewis Pollock, March 24-26,
1899.
Private Frank Gibson, March 27, 1599.
Corporal Sampson Smith. March 30. 1899.
Private Frederick Wheaton. March 30.
1899.
Private Allen N. Smith, March 30. 1899.
Private Charles F. Myers, March 30,
1599.
Physician William Patton, April 24,
1899.
Private Joseph E. Witte, April 24. 1599.
Captain Frank E. Green, April 27, 1*99.
Total, 12.
COMPANY K.
Lieutenant Philip Grennan. February 22
--23. 1599.
Private Howard L. Tonner. February 2S
1899.
Lieutenant Miles Keller. March 25. 1599.
Private Robert Murphy, April 27 1599.
Captain Thomas S. Dillon, May 4, 1599.
Private Bruce Belknap. May 4 t 1599.
First Sergeant Patrick Mcßride. May 9,
1599.
Total— 7.
COMPANY M.
Private Carl G. Peterson, February 10,
1899.
Private George W. Boardman, February
10, 1599.
Private David Burns, February 10, 1399.
Private William J. Christy, February 28,
1899.
Private Frank Land«rman, April 4, 1899.
Corporal James O'Leary. April 28, 1599.
Private Swift. May 9, ISO 9.
Private David Silver. June 16, 1599.
Total— B.
COMPANY NOT DESIGNATED.
Private Charles Rummels, February 7,
1599.
Private Lester Purrestofl, February 7.
1599.
Private George W. Bowen, February 7,
1599.
Private Frank Gatti, February 10, 1599.
Musician. James McQuarry. March 25,
1899.
Band Sergeant G. W. Cowell, April • 4,
1899.
Total— 6.
A CAPITALIST'S WILL.
The will of James de la Montanya, who
riled on the ISth inst., was filed for pro
bate yesterday. Decedent's estate is at
present of unknown value, but It is
-at that it will amount to fully $1,-
Following are the bequpsts: To Sarah
Jane de la Montanya, decedent's widow,
the homestead on Taylor street; to his j
son, James, a'house and lot adjoining the
homestead; to his daughter, Sarah Jar.c,
the store and lot at one time occupied by
decedent's business, on Jackson street:
to Mrs. do la Montanya, P. B. Clark and
E. B. Mastick, in trust for the benefit
••f George de la Mantanva, a brother, i
The residue of the estate is devised in
equal shares to the widow, son and
daughter of th* testator. The children of
-.-■I will be given their estates
arrive at their majority.
The will is witnessed by H. de la Mon
tanya and Jarn^s M. do Witt.
. -> •
Aeronaut Struck Trees.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— James Maguire.
the aeronaut, is dangerously ill at the
Henry House as the result of an acci
dent at Oakland Park two weeks ago, and
which caused him no concern at the time.
Maguire was making an ascension and
as ne left the ground he struck some
gum trees. He experienced no trouble for
a week, but recently he has been very
Blck. and It is found he was seriously In
jured internally.
_■ ♦ ■
Child Walks Into Fire.
OAKLAND. Sept. 22.— Grace Comscho,
a child of six, fell into a luap at hot
coals at San L<=a.ndro and will probably
die. The little Jlrt was carrying dinner
to her sister, who works in the hop fields,
and accidentally or through ignorance
walked Into a drying place and received
the injuries that are almost certain to
prove fatal.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Sect. 22.— County Clerk
j Jordan to-day issued marriage licenses to
' Edward Plckert. aped 35 years, of Stock
ton, and Maud Berry, 20 years, of San :
Francisco; Patrick Noone. 35 years. Oak
i land, and Kate Howley. 35 years, San
! "Francisco; Lorentlne Jose Mendonca, 2S ;
i years, San Francisco, and Ambrosia Law- i
| ren. 20 years, Oakland.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
JANE HODGE
GETS ONE-HALF
SHE SUED FOR
Verdict in Breach of
Promise Suit.
+ We. the jury 1" tne above entitled <£ '
•$• cause, find for the plaintiff and <3> j
$> assess the damage at $25,000. ■$- |
<§> C J ZABEL (foreman).
<j> RICHARD FEIOE. ♦ !
C. B. HARMcN
® CHARLES T. HARPER.
<§> O. C. HYATT.
«> CHRIS A. MULVEY.
<$> J H. FENSHER. <$> |
<g> M K. HOUGHTON. <& j
«> B. F. MALOON. <S> j
«- \V. B. BRIDGE.
*> CHRIS CHRISTENSEN. ;
$ CONRAD REIGELHUTH. ♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. :
- - Broadway. Sept. 22.
The trial of the sensational breach of
promise suit brought by Jane Hodge,
aged 50 years, against John Nicholl. the :
aged capitalist, familiarly known as "the j
Duke of Richmond." for (60.000 damages, ;
was terminated In Judge Ogden's court j
to-day.
As soon as court convened this morning
Attor - ■■ M behalf
of the defense announced that they would
submit the rase without argument. As
a result Colonel W. W. Foote of counsel
of the plaintiff did not have an oppor
tunity of delivering the eagerly hoped for
closing argument. Attorney Xusbaumer
therefore had the distinction of posing as
the prime and sole debater, whose elo
quent words before the jury yesterday
appear to have carried great weight and
left a forceful impress'on upon the minds
of the twelve men In whose hands the
fate of the aged capitalist rested.
Not a great amount of time was con
sumed by Judge Ogden in giving his In
structions to the Jury. In his charge
Judge Ogden included the instruction that
plaintiff must prove by a preponderance
of evidence that the promise of marriage
was absolute and 1 from all conditions
and ■ - es, and that if the jury
found plaintiff had released him and he
had accepted the release men the verdict
must be for the defendant. If on the
other hand the lury found that plaintiff
had established her case tney might look
beyond the contract itself for the meas
ure of damages, to consider the mental
suffering, wounded feelings, mortification
and pain of plaintiff, and also take Into
teratlon defendants financial condi
tion and general reputation for wealth.
If the jury found that defendant Is In
curably incompetent and so informed
plaintiff then she cannot recover dam
ages.
Bo Jrtly after 10 o'clock the case was
submitted to the Jury. At 3:30 o clock
i tfternoon a verdict had been agreed ;
upon, but Judge Ogden had in the mean
time hurried over to San Francisco on I
other business and did not return until
nearly 6:30 o'clock, when the jury came j
in. Foreman Zabel announced the ver- \
diet as given ar
At the request of Major Mhoon of coun
sel for the defense the jury was polled,
but the verdict proved to be unanimous.
By consent a stay of execution and pro
ceedings was granted for thirty days.
After adjournment it was learned that
the jury had ©allotted at least fourteen
times and that ths damages favored by
some of the Jurors ranged from 110,000
upward a few being satisfied that Miss
Hodge was entitled to the full amount of
$50 000 for which she sued defendant, who
is her uncle by affinity.
Further than this none of the Jurors
would discuss matters pertaining to their
deliberations as they passed out.
The damage assessed is just one-half
■ the amount sued for. and according to
Nicholl's testimony his wealth aggregates
i about $500,000, which is now incorporated
| under the title of thd John Nicholl Com
pany. | ,
THE MULTNOMAH CLUB
TO PLAY BERKELEY
BERKELEY, Sept. 22.— Before facing
the Cardinal on the gridiron next Thanks
giving day the University of California
football team will take a trip to Portland,
Or to line up against the Multnomali
Club of that city. The latter is the crack
athletic association of the north and num
bers in its membership some of the best
players on the coast. The Berkeley men
had a match game with them during the
last Christmas vacation, and this will be
the return game.
The date on which the University of
California team will leave for Portland is
not known. Manager Irwln J. Muma says
that some time early in November will be
best, and he will induce the Oregon men
to agTee to that time. Coach Cochran,
with Kelly of Princeton and Trainer Al
Lean, will accompany the team.
Aeed, Starving and Homeless.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— The attention of
the charitably Inclined has been called
to the pitiable case of an aged colored
woman, Mrs. Bass, who, being unable to
raise $5 for rent monthly, is compelled
to seek shelter in an old cabin in the
rear of a house on Henry street, south
of Seventh. The Supervisors no longer
aid her. and but for the kindness of a few
neighbors she would have starved ere
this. Shf is 94 years old, and was a slave
in the cotton fields in her younger days.
JUDGE STANLY'S
CAREER ENDED
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. PO9 Broadway. Sept. 22.
JOHN A RTANI.Y. one of the best known jurists on the. Pacific Coast,
died at his home. 1221 Jackson street, early this morning. For over two
weeks Judge Stanly has been critically ill and death was not unex
pected. He was at his country' home in Napa County at the beginning or
September, when he was attacked by sickness. A few days later, while
at the Palace Hotel, his Illness suddenly became critical and he was re
moved to his Oakland home two weeks ago last Wednesday.
Judge Stanly was born in North Carolina 66 years ago. In his early
life he practiced law in his native State. After the war he removed to this
coast and over a quarter of a century ago he took up his residence in this
City For many years he was a member of the firm of Stoney. Stanly <k
Hayes He was appointed County Judge of San Francisco by Governor
Haignt and was afterward elected to succeed himself. In 1890 he was a
candidate for Supreme Judge on the Democratic ticket, but was beaten by-
Judge Beatty.
Judge Stanly was always an element in the conservative politics of
Oakland and was chairman of the Board of Freeholders that drew up the
present city charter.
It 13 on account of his connection with the celebrated Garcelon trust
that Judge Stanly was brought most prominently into public notice. By the
provisions of this trust Judge Stanly and Stephen W. Purington, a nephew
of Mrs Garcelon. were appointed trustees to carry out the wishes of Mrs.
Garcelon. Judge Stanly was the only surviving trustee, and as there Is no
provision In the trust for the appointment of successors to the original
trustees there is now no one alive to administer the trust. This status is,
likely to cause some legal complications in addition to those already exist
ing.
Mrs. Garrelon also named Judge Stanly as one of the three trustees of
the proposed Samuel Merrltt Hospital. He was also the last of the original
trustees, but in this trust provision Is made to nil vacancies. The deceased
leaves a widow and one daughter. Mrs. T. P. CoghilL The funeral will take
place Sunday afternoon from St. Paul's Church, of which the iate jurist
was one of the founders.
Matthews Estate Appraised.
OAKLAND. Sept. 22.— Alexander "W.
May E. A. Heron and C. D. Olney have
filed 'an appraisement of the estate ot the
late Henry Matthews, showing a total
valuation of $1*6.521. Of this $85.321 rep
resents money In hands of the executors,
promissory note of XV. H. Chickerlng $18,
--000 Marcus Rosenthal note $5845. Thomas
H Welch note $6000. Catherine Schmidt
note $9000. all secured by mortgages; real
estate over $20,000.
SAYS HE WAS
NOT THE MAN
WITH THE AX
Strange Story of an
Untried Murderer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Sept. 22.
Frank H. Cheesman, who in cold blood
red Henry J. Brooke in August.
. *■- -hereafter shot his sweetheart, Etta
I •■. and who was subsequently ad
judged insane and about two months ago
escaped from the insane asylum at Napa,
was returned from Kalispel. Montana, to
day by Deputy Sheriff ODonnell. The
Insane murderer will be detained at the
County Jail until to-morrow, when an of
from Napa will take him back to
the asylum.
When seen at the County Jail to-day
Cheesman appeared perfectly sane. He
looks better than ever he did. He talked
quite readily on such matters as published
accounts and rumors of his being the
"man with the ax," who assaulted H. K.
Beiden at his home here one midnight
about the time of Cheesman's escape,
and who later visited the home of his
former sweetheart in the Potrero. San
Francisco, and there threatened to do
some chopping. But aSI these rumors,
said Cheesman to-day, are false.
He declared that he escaped from the
asylum by crawling through a transom
ai.d lowering himself to the ground by a
rope made of his biankets torn in strips.
From there he went to Vallejo the same
night, crossed the ferry to Port Costa and
n de a brakebeam on a train to Oakland.
"When I arrived here on that day." said
.-man. "I walked down Washington
street, passed the County Jail, pulling my
bat down over my eyes, and nobody
recognized me. I also visited my father' s
home in Berkeley. He gave me some
ey and I crossed r " San Francisco.
where I remained 'shady' several days in
a water front lodging-house; but I never
went to seek Etta Payne."
Thereafter, Cheesman says, he went to
Seattle and secured work in a tunnel for
a few we<?ks. finally drifting over to Da
kota and Montana, where he says he be-
I'ain-- a cowboy.
"I earned about $47 there and got
drunk," he continued, "and while in that
condition I told the Sheriff at Kalispel
that there was a reward of $3i«)0 offered
by the Oakland authorities for my arrest.
He clapped the irons on me and at the
prison treated me royally until he learned
that no reward had ever be*n offered.
The insane murderer takes special de
light in relating one of his experiences
while in the Indian section of Dakota.
"While walking across the plains one
day " says Cheesman. "I met a young
halfbreed Indian girl who had been bitten
by a rattlesnake. I took out my knife.
cut out the fangs and dressed the wound.
She insisted I go to her people with her.
I did so and her father gave me ahors
and saddle to help me on my way.
Cheesman c. pressed confidence that
some day he would be legally freed ana
be given a chance to redeem himselt.
Whether he will ever be tried for the
Brooke murder depends solely upon the
determination of the asylum auth-r
On one occasion, shortly after Chees
man's commitment, they informed the
District Attorney that the murderer was
not insane; in fact they con teftded that
he never had been insane while at the
asylum. He was promptly brought back
to Oakland, when a jury adjudged nil
sane nevertheless and hence he was
committed to the asylum at that time.
Ordered Her Own Coffin
ALAIIEDA, Sept. 22.-Mrs. Marie Cath
erine Silva, sometimes known as Mrs.
Ruhling, who came to Alameda _ in xsoo,
died this morning at her home. lal3 fatan
ton street, at the age of 61 years.. About
s*x months ago she concluded that she
w«i* going to die and ordered a coffin sent
to her house- The undertaker, on arriv
ing at the place, discovered that the
w. man was not yet a tit subject for the
cemetery and the casket was taken baotc
to the s"hop. At that time, however, she
made all arrangements for her funeral.
Her requests were that she should be
buried in the clothes she had on at the
time of her death, and before her body
was placed in the coffin it was to be
pinned up in a sheet which she had pre
pared for the occasion, but under no con
ditions should there be "any buttons
placed on the sheet." She also requested
that no embalming fluid be used In pre
paring her body for burial, and that she
be interred as soon as possible and with
out services at either the house or the
grave. The latter part of her request,
however, will probably be ignored, as be
fore death she professed religion, having
become converted to the Catholic faith.
Not Bogus, But Insincere.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— Clarence Rodg
ers the young fellow in uniform who was
arrested for soliciting funds for Red
Cross work, will be acquitted. He says
he was in hospital work at Manila, and
that it was on the strength of this state
ment that he asked for assistance. His
statement cannot be disproved and he
will be released with a caution.
Charges Against Officers.
OAKLAND. Bept 22.-The Police Com
missioners heard testitmony this morning
against Special Officer Stewart and Of
ficer Cox for conduct unbecoming officers.
Stewart will have a trial next Wednes
day and Cox's case will proceed to-mor
row To-day's proceedings were secret.
Football Man Breaks a Leg.
BERKELEY. Sept. 22.— A serious acci
dent befell one of the freshmen of the
University of California this afternoon in
Still More Counterfeiting.
The Secret Service has Just unearthed another
band of counterfeiters and secured a large
quantity of bogus bills, which are so cleverly
axecuted that the average person would never
suspect them of- being spurious. Things of
great value are always selected for imitation,
notably Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which has
many imitators but no equals for disorders like
Indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, nervous
ness and general debility. Always go to relia
ble druggists who have the reputation of giv
ing what you ask for. .:;':U, ; >
the football practice upon the college
campus. Challen R. Parker of the class
cf 1903 sustained injuries from a scrim
mage which will make it impossible for
him to appear upon the gridiron again
this season. The physician- found a se
rious compound fracture of the shin bone,
which will take several weeks to heal.
Parker's lose la much regretted by the
freshmen, as he was one of the most
likciy candidates for the position of end
upon the freshmen team.
■ m ■
ANSWER FILED IN THE
PATTON WILL CONTEST
OAKLAND. Sept. 22.— State Senator E.
| K. Taylor to-day filed an answer to the
; grounds of opposition to the probate of
; the will of William Patten, the late archi
tect, who died in Alameda recently. He
j denies every allegation made by deced-
e nts sons — Clarence and William Patton
I Jr.— and sets forth that the architect of
the San Francisco Safe Deposit building.
; the celebrated Jewish synagogue, Alcazar
Theater, Grace Church. Mechanics' In
stitute, the s*s. '\)o Flood mausoleum, all
; in San Francisco, and of numerous promi
nent buildings In Alameda. was of sound
' mind and a man who could not be led
j from the path his judgment directed. The
' answer, moreover denies that Fannie
| Ammerman, the housekeeper, exercised
I undue influence over decedent or repre
sented to the latter that his sons no longer
cared for him; or that she persuaded him
to compel Clarence to leave his home; or
, that she dumped cold victuals into an old
i tin can and set it on the back porch of
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&~^£^,
Very small a»d as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE >£DTrDC FOR HEADACHE. SEE
stt CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. * LL
GENUINE 'BBlTTir FOR BILIOUSNESS. GENUINE
GENUINE V ver for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WVAPPFR l! _I 1 FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
WKAmiK liflllHlH | FOR THE COMPLEXION * rrL *
. COX'LNU MUSTHAVtS^NATTJUC.
2* : csm» ! Pgrely TegetaDle.x^g^^^*^
'^K-lITTEID O2ST RED PAPER."
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
i CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER* IT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
i WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:33. !
j 3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tr:s |
: at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s* i
; and 11:30 p. m.
BXJNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; I^o, 3:JO, !
' 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
! WEEK DATS— 7:50. 8:20, 11:10 a. m. : 12:43, \
1:40, S:IS p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
i 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— «:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 8:4». 5:08,
! «:SS p. m.
; Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
' aame schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
. ■an Francisco. In Effect San Francisco,
; — ; April IS, j m
\ Week Sun- 1*99. Sun- Week
! Days. | days. Destination. days. ] Days.
«X | —^—^ "\ | M
' 7:30 am S.OO am 1 Novato, ,13:4) am, 8:40 ant
j 1:30 pm 3:30 am| Petaluma, [ 8:05 pm 10:25 am
; 6:10 pm, 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:20 pn»
1-11 - ' ■ ■
Fulton,
fgOam Windsor, 10:28 asa
Heaidsburs;,
Lytton, i
Gey'serville.
1:10 pro 8:00 am Gloverdal*. T:SS pm 6:20 pra
T:W am Hopland and : 10:25 ara
3:30 pm 8:00 ara; - UVlan, ! 7:35 pm, 6:20 pal
7:30 am 10:35 am
, 8:00 am Guemerlli*. I 7:35 pm
1:30 pmf 1:20 pra
i TUIO am( 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
: I and I
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ' 6:05 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 1:00 air. SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm. 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rcea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
tor Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port acd Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Eprines, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
I Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle.
Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs,
Jfavarro. Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, ' Usal, Wlllitts. LaytonvlUe, Cum«
ming"s. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. »
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 630 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
; H C. WHITING, • R. X.-RTAN.
• General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY PAT IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M. -
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY "SIR.
i FRED HARVEY. AND. ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
j RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE. ,
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1593. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. -V - . Mixed. Passen-
ger I Sunday Stations, j Sunday i ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd v ..- ' Exc'ptd Dally.
7-20 am ; I<>:3G am Stockton j 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 1 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pmi 4MS pm
i 10-40 ami 5:35 pm Fresno | 9:30 am 2:42 pm
i 11-SS ami 7:45 p'ml Hanford ! 7:45 am 1<45 pm
'• 2 •'•5 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
i 11 : 59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
i 12:15 pmi 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am) 1:05 pm
Stopping: at int»rm<*diat» points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
■ Inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market St.,
j San Francisco. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. MM,
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m., and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
• day at 5:15 p. m.. Return' Same Even-
-1 ing. arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
: SUNDAYS. 8, 9., 10 and 11 a. as. and 1:43. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40. _
I THOS COOK & SON. A*ts . 621 Market st-
the Pattern residence In Alameda for
Clarence to eat from. Finally the answer
alleg-es that William Patton Jr. left his
parental roof on account of a disagree
ment with his father. Respondent asks
that the contest be dismissed.
Soon to Be a Benedict.
OAKLAND. Sept. 22.— Dr. Adrian Gilbert
Jr la engaged to Miss Rose A. Castle of
Stockton, and the happy man's father,
"Agri" Gilbert, looks happier than the
son. Dr. Gilbert is preparing a home in
Stockton, where he intends to take up a
permanent residence and practice his pro
fession of dentistry. Dr. Gilbert's father
is the noted amateur chef. Adrlen AgTieole
Gilbert, one of the Southern Pacific Com
pany's most trusted employes. Mss
Castle is the daughter of Thomas Castle,
the well-known Stockton merchant,
Is one of the leading belles of Stockton
society.
Death of Mrs. A. XL Buck.
OAKLAND. Sept. 22.— Mrs. Anna M.
Buck, widow of the late Senator L. TV.
Buck from Solano County, who pome
- ago met a tragic death by being
thrown from his buggy, died to-day at
the family residence. 929 Adeline street.
She was a native of Seneca. N. V.. and
leaves surviving her two sons and three
daughters— Frank H.. Fred ML and Emma
L. Buck and Mrs. James B. Cory and
Mrs. J. C. S. Alcerly.
Stricken Off Trial Docket.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— The divorce suit
of Frank E. Pereira against Mary E.
Pereira, brought on the ground of de
sertion, was stricken off the trial docket
of Judtre Ellsworth's court to-day, ow
insr to plaintiff's failure to appear.
BATXEOAD TRAVEL.
ttnvmrut/i PACIFIC c«Mi»A3rr.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.I
""rain* leave »ml «r«* <l»« to arrive si'
SAN FItANCIJit-'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LEAVI — From ACOCST 5, 1339. — AB.BXTM
7:OO v Benlcia, Suiaun and* Sacramento.... »:43p
~ :OOa MarjSTitle. OrotLleand Bedding via _
Woodland* 5 : i 3p
7:00 a Elmlra, Vacaville and Rumsey 8:50?
7:30 a Martinez, .Saa Uamon. Vallejo. Napa,
Calistcga »nd San*^i Kosa 8:15?
SiOOa Atlantic Express, U|den »nd lOaat.. »:-I3 4
•»::i«a fiji'.i Jose. LiTermore, Stockton,
lone Saeramcuto. Flacemlle.
MarysTille, Chico. lted Bluff 4sl3p
B:3Oa •Slilton, Oakdale and Sonera 4:13p
8:30 a Yoaeinita Valley via Oakdale and
Chlnesa 4:15*
i 9:OOa Haywards, NUes and Way Stations. 1 - :*~>a.
»:OO a Martinez, Trccy, Lathr&p, Stockton,
M re d and Fresno lasloF
Q:OOa Fresno, iJakeraiieM Santa l^irtiara,
Los Areeles. Demlng, El Puo,
; New Orleans and East «:-I3f
10:OOa Tali •-■jo, Martinez and Way Stations ~:4-}p
1 1 :OOa Havwarcs, Niiea and Way Stations. 8:13*
12:00 m Nil-.s, Li-ermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, VUalia,
PcrterrlUe 4:13*
•l:OOr Sacramento ltiver Stenmcra »8:00p
StOOp Haywards. Nik* aad Way Stations. a:43p
4 :« op Martinez. Hin lUmoir, Vallejo,
N'ara. U»!t»»»)g». Santa Rosa B>l3a
4iOOj? BepicU, Vacavillfl; .•sacraiuento.
Woodland. Kn!ghta Landing.
Marysvtlie, Orovilla IO:4»a
4iBopNCes. Ban JoaeaDd Stockton 7:15p
4:30p yoaemita Sleeping Car for Rajmond 12:13p
OtOOpTho OwL Tracy. Fresno. 3*kers- >
field, 6acr^ for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. 9:1.1 v
O:8Op Stockton. Merced, Fresno 13:13r
9<3Op Martinez, Tracy. Mendota, Fresno,
Mojito mi l.os Angeles Bs-i»*
Si3Or Santa l"c lloute. AU.uitle Express
for Mojave Riid East «:43p
#;OOr Ch!easo-San Fraacwco SpeciaL OgUen
and r.siii 8:.10p
• :©Op Haywarda, KUes San Jose 7:43 4.
! »Bioop Val ! v 1 8: 1 3 p
, 27:00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way St*.
Uons_ :»^3f
9:03 p Oreson Kxrreas.^acrarT.ento, Marys-
?ille. Ileiiaiiiß. Portiaud. Puget
; Bound and lCaat S«18a
COAST DIVISION { Narrow Ga«s^).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
i ~lTt4*A Santa Cruz Ezcnrslon for Santa
Cnu and Principal Way Stations ISjOS?
S>l9a Newark. CenterTille.£anJose,Felton,
BoulderCreek,Santa Cruz and War
Stations B:30p
I *BilSp Newark, Ceatervilla, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Doolder Creek.
Santa Cnu and Principal Way
Stations •IwlSwA
4il3i> Ban Joss. Ulenwood and Way Sta-
tion*. 9i2«a
! M'lSpTelton. Santa Cms and War Sta-
j tlocs /»i2O A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
| frmSia rUMIIMW «r Xtikit Street (SUp 8) —
•7:15 < 0:00 U:OO\.M. tI:C3 *2:53 t3:C3
'•1:00 tS:OO *6:oor.*t. --,"
j frtmOilUllD— rcol«rßrotd««T.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.. m.
t!2:C3 »l:03 tS:C3 »3:C3 ti:C3 •S:C3f.M.
COAST DITISIOS (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Toynsend Sta.)
. ••:lOa Ocean View, Sonth Han Francisco.. *«x3op
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Alma Jen Wednesdays ouly ).„.... *StOOA
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Santa Cnu.
Padila Grove acd Principal Way
Buttons... :Si33v
•i*«A San Jose, Trcs. Pinos, Santa Cnix,
- Pacilio Oirore. PaM Bobtea, Han
Luis Oliiapo. Siuf, Lompoo awl
Principal Way Nations 4:l«p
I *«* San Jose and Way Stations 6:33 a
|li2«a San Jose and Way Stations li3of
•ai4sp San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose,
HoNister. S-iuta Cniz. Hilinas.
Monterey and PaclGc Grora •1O:SIia
•■:39p Pan Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations »7:30p
•4:13p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations '8:35 a
S:3Op Ban Jose anil Principal Way Stations *9:O0a
C::tOp San Jose aad Way Stations 3:30?
,t11:45r San Jose and Way Stations 17:30?
A for Morning- P for Afternoon.
• Sunday exceptert. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
tSiturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
1 HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via rUm.iits Parry
Commencing eeptetuber 1. 1539.
I FROM SAM FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.'
■WEEK DATS— *S:00. 30. 11:00 a, m.:
: »1:45, 20, ♦:•<>, 5:15. *S:CO. 6:20 p. m. ' •
I EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
I Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
j and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. •9:C<). '10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.: l:e«. '1:45. •2:30. *4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11-00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5-30 p m does Dot run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quer.tln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
! WEEK DAYS— S:2S. "6:40. 7:55. 8:40. «10:20
; a. m.: 12:30. 2:15. •3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTR \ TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and' Saturday; at 6:40 and 10:13 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, *9:43. '10:45, *11:4»
a. m.l ; 1:00. 2:20. »3:30. '5:15. '6:00. 7:00. 10:15
Trains marked f*l run to San Quentln.
FROM MIL I. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:4S. 1.-58, 7:55. 8:55, 10:33
a m ' 12:3". 2:4." 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS— 10: CO, 11:18 a. m. ; 12:05,
l-"> 0 "-40 8:65. s:Sf>. 6:M. 10:20 p. m,
THROUGH TRAINS.
' 7-00 a. m week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3-20 p m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
; B'oj a m ■ Sundays— and way sta'ns.
! 1:45 p' m Sundays— Ft. R-'ye* and way sta'ns.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iLffiiJl n^OKEARSYKT. Established
-t :R- * ?p *r"a fn l •*•>»' the treatment of Private
flj i X tKB ni«w»as»-s. Lf»t Manhood. Debility or
1 JHBmUHL disease wea line oir body and mind and
wMinfin Skin Diseases. ThPdoctorcures when
i ■•::■■- falL Try him. Charges low.
V" BB fni'f»|ruar»iitf»d. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. *■• UIBBVX. Box 1957. San Francisco.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca_'l, . rn_r of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; op_o until \<:? r < o'clock.
3M Haves street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«S9 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock-.
fin Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IH4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22iU Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 clock.
ICP6 Valencia street: open until 9 o clock.
Northwest corner of Twer.ty-»econd ana Ken "
tuclcy streets; open until 9 o'clock.
_ v™™ l ™ J* o * lol *:
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
M.: will moot THIS (SATI RDAM -J-\,
EVENING. Sept. 2S. at 7:30 o'clock. XX
Fir*t degree. By crier of the Master. '^
FRANKLIN H. r>AY^^£s^i ! lP'^_
KING SOIOMON'S Lodge No, 2W. F. a
and A M.— OrtK-c-rs an.l nieml^r? are -*"\»
requested to attend the runerr.l of TsL2i\
Brother CHARLES LOUTS PAM-/V 1 *
BAUER hit- a member of Hills Ferry -Lodge
No. 235. from the Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery sts.. on. SUNDAY.
September 24. Nt 1:30 o'clock p. m. Funeral |
ccmmlttees of city lodges tnke notice. By j
crder of the S. W.
II ARRY_BAEHR. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment N<v 1. I. °_V >■
O. F.. ireets THIS (SATURDAY) x
EVENING. Golden llule and Royal /X
Purple Degrees by Grand En.-ampment * »
team. WM. E. DUBOIS. C P.
H. C. GEORGE. Scribe.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. J. „!s__»;.
I O, O F.— R»cular meeting ; %g'ga»s& :
THIS CSATURDAT") EVENING. -'^S^,3
Second decree. '"
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
CALIPORNH. Lodye No. 1. I. a -jSS^^
O. F.— Members will meet in their aJ_3_!&^
hall SUNDAY. Sept. 24. at IS ~*#*S>J^
o'clock noon to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother. HENRY PEYSER.
By order of H. U TODD. N. G.
TO the members of the . ,-"■; —
Society of California SK \Vv -ISvwftSV
Pioneers— You are. in- _fvjft^V,:jV£*jjW'sL
vlted to attend a spe- <^' e *^-_&.4\<;^Kf&£?
. ia.l service to be held '" X •'■ I ■ '
nt the Howard-street j— a- 1 ~iy jd
Methodist Episcopal "^^
Church on . SUNDAY. September 24. IS9&.
fPlecse wear your badge and mwt at Pioneer
Hall at 10: SO a. m. J. I. SPEAK. Secretary* S
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
celvefl applications to mine by the hydraulic
pro. ess from A. B. Jacks, in the rtnOirer Hill :
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumes Cuuiity, j
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek an! ;
Woods Ravine, and from John O. Smith ct j
als.. In the Smiths Blue Gravel mine, ner.r
Pno. Shasta County, to d^posit tailings in a |
ravine below the mir.-?. giv^s notice that a i
mating will bp held nt room T<>. Flood nuili-
ing. San Francisco, Cal., en October 9, IS*, i
at -I:3 p. m.
ACCOUNTANTS.
b. X BALLARD. 401 Cal. Ft.. designs, audits &
n^.^'tH »c-''iirt« for HTiMrMV'l>< -V t"T"«: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private: I
no fee without success: collections. O. W. ;
HOWE, atty at law, $50 Market, cor. Stocktn. :
NOAH F. FLOOD, S"5 Market st.. opp. Mason; j
consultation free: moderate fees. !
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law, Crocker
Mdc. : tel. Black 71: practices In all courts.
L~S. CLARK. Emma SprecJcels building. 927
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
3. R. PARKER. ?16 Market St.. room £7: advice
free; i-harge low: business pushed.
NAGLE £ NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma ]
£pr»ck«>!s bt:lld:nc. :»27 Market st |
ADVICE free: no char?" unless successful. W. [
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market ?t.. p_ Mason, j
— — — —^— ■— ■ ' 'I ' ————I M—,_^— — — — — (
BATH i \i;:m i HER)] I
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding |
iike a screen; me panel opening as a door; j
call and see it: descriptive booklet free. W. 1
P. BROWN, general agent. 42« Ellis st. i
HOARD AND ROOMS.
iIOTEL~FAIRMOUNT— Strictly first-class: 1714
Market su, S. F.. Cal. : American and Euro-
pean plan: eiesantly furnished rooms, single j
or en suite; b ard and room. Jl per daj" up; i
suites without b?arJ. $1 per Jay: single rooms. |
t-Oc: special rates by month, also to tourists. |
GENTLEMAN car. find room and board in pri-
vate family at 232 Haisht st.: fine location;
Haight st. cars pass dnor: terms moderate.
ELLIS. C?7-W-»l!-furni?hed front rooms, with
cood board: bath; telephone gas; piano.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
VAN NESS aye.. S4->— Nicely furnished rooms
and board; all modern conveniences.
iiOAUUI.Nii M)R CHILDRI i,
CHILDREN boarded at <652 Eiehtoonth st.: best j
of care an-1 nc-me: tr\ oi three years up.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bougl-t and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co 7f4 M Union St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
j^—y-^A — CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms; rent $15; dally receipts $i»; lw»-t loca-
tion in Mission. R. G. WILKE. 5)08 Markeu
A— S6OO— RESTAURANT and oyster parlor»;
choicest loc-ation; rent $35; daily receipts $2o;
meals not less than 25c; bargain. ' R. O.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s*jio; ELEGANTLY fixed up and first-cla-<s
paving saloon close to Palace Hotel; rent
J50"; lease: disagreement of partners cause
of sale. R. G. WILKE. S*^ Ma.-ki t st.
A— Sl.2OC — DAI it V, produce and delicacy store
In very best location and doing a good pay-
ing business; elegantly fixed up; f>»li whole
or' take partner. Call R. G. WILKE. *.»>
Market St.
A— sT.soO— CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
St.: rent $X; old-establ. and good paying
place; no credit: all cash custom. Inquire R.
G. WILKE, Mini Market st.
~A—il2iC— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$60; mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole-
sale houses and Iron foundries; place clearing
above 5150 per month; lease; a splendid offer.
H G. WILKE. »06 Market Ft.
A— s4.v.y— THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market st.; open day and night; no
truer paying place In this city; lease. R. G.
WILKE. ?C6 Market st.
A— s2so; PARTNER wanted: commission and
produce business; grand chance. M. LESS.
7C5 Murket jl.
J250-=-BRANCH bakery, candy and variety; 4
llvinjj ruoms: cheap rent: owner owns build-
ins; will give lease. M. LES3. 755 Market st.
J2OCO— COFFEE saloon and restaurant vicinity
Call building: clearing $300 monthly: proof
furnished: sickness. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$^ro— RESTAURANT: good for man and wife;
investigation allowed: $200 will buy a fine va-
riety , nd bakery; sickness cause for selling;
good location. Good country hotel, als^ coun-
try gen. store for sale. EITEL, IOOS^i Market.
$4.".fl — BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery, school
supplies, opposite FChool of 900 children; doing
business $20 day; milk alone pays rent: 4 liv-
ing rms., bath; rent $16. Jones 1 Co., 565 Mkt.
A— S6SO— LAUNDRY route, clears $100 a month;
good horse and wagon. KREDO & CO., 22^i
(Van- st.
$4G«i— GOOD char.cc for rman; an estab-
lished oyster business for sale. McLAUGH-
! IN & CO., 777^ Market st.
SHOE shop in country: fine location: at a bar-
gain this day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
ALFA Co., 93.1 Market St., will exchanee or
■ell your property or business quickly.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. S2S
Washington st.
WANTED— Grocery and bar with 3 or 4 sunny
rooms In back. Box 1234, Call office.
LARK Saloon. 12 Seventh et.. I. O. O. F. buiM-
ing, opp. new Postnfnee building; make offer.
MILK route: 22 cans per day; 3 horses, wagon,
etc. 313 Langton. nr. Bryant, bet. 7th & Bth.
JL'A— BARBER shop. If sold before October 1;
$200 to $230 monlh; Investigate. Box 2153. Call.
DRUG store for- sale: price $1000: in town of
1000 inhabitants, with IW more in Immediate
vicinity: only 1 other drug store in the place;
in Northern California: Dn railroad: in farm-
ing, lumbering, dairying and fishing district.
For particulars address GUIS, box 21SS, Call.
FOR SALE — Corner saloon on water front, with
rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below;
all rented: barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front st. Price low.
AN offer wanted; old-established corner saloon:
side entrance to ta.male cafe; fair st'Kk and
a good business. €32 Market st.. room S.
jlOOrt— Al SALOON: nicely fitted up: centrally
located. ' Inquire Convention. 423 Bush st.
54 J0 RESTAURANT, with every convenience:
fine location: good trade; sickness. lOCS Hyde.
FOR sale— Cheap: bakery, notions, cigar stand.
Apply 1704 Howard -■
FINE paying laundry route; bargain if sold
this month. Box 1244. Call.
$175— BARBER shop: trade $32 per week: sick-
ness cause. Box 142«. Call.
GIRL, flrst-class cook, would like place to do
general housework: references. 114$ Mission.
FOR sale cheap— Wood. coal, hay. grain and
feed business. NE. cor. Valley and Dolores.
FOR sale— Cn account of sickness, half-Interest
in coai yard. 1511 Dupcnt st. •
BUSINESS CHANCES— Cnntlnaed.
PAYING saloon In wholesale district: must
sell; going F-_?t. WICHMAN, LUTOEN &
CO., El? <lay st.
FOR sale— Engravers' well establi?he<l busi-
ness in a good town; brightest prospects. Ad-
dress b0x,2155. Cult office.
WOOD and coal yard on account of sickness;
]dS2 Howard st. : a bargain-. Apply to J. a.
LENNON. 315 Clay 'I
NEAT restaurant near Seventh and Market
Bte.; good paying business : ; light expense.;
Call or address 3 Sixth St., or ay>p'.y Call.
A CHANCE for house painter-; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 926
Washiwrton __.
FOR sale— A good paying boardlTur-bowe and
saloon. Inquire at this office-.
$11?— BRANCH bakery for sale; 2 living rooms.
Sos*» Filbert ft.
NOTION Baznar for sale; toys stationery, fan-
cy goods: half price. Room 127, 1236 Market.
A WHITE & CO., M 7 Market st. — Do yon want
a quick Bali List your bargains with us.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento Ft.
PRIVATE hoarding house: 13 rooms: all full; i
nort.i of Market. Box 1341, Cal^ office-. j
GOOD paving Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call" office. .
FOR rale— Good paying Inside route on this I
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AMI WAGONS.
FOR sale — One Columbus trap, with shafts, one I
or two seats: in excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse: weight ?."(> pounds: suit-
able for buggy: good traveler, sound, kind,
gentle ami in perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAT*- STABLE. Ban Rafael, or 320 Sansome
St., room 15,
WAGON wsnted for light delivery, with or
without t~;\ at Dye Works, 142 Eddy st.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton: tor *«*
road bugcy. good as new. SHAW; lftl Markt.
lPf SETS second-han3 harness; wagons, cart*.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Fnlfom st.
ALL kinds of w_roo«, bucirles* carts. Mrr.'
etc.. clT>ap, KGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CJUEAXING.
WHEN y»-u Income disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 3?3 357 ....... ; tel 3 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating; Works. •■ fit. \
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-« Bth st,: tei. -■■"• . 250.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 342 McAllister st.; phone; South] 14&
J .Mc^UEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4i3 Stevenson st.; tel. South 225: lowest rates^
ADVANCE Carpet Cleantne Co.. 402 Sutt»r st. ;
tel. Main 3*4. GEO>_WALCOM. Proprietor.^
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard: laid at 3c.
NITON'S, 3 Eighth st ; tel Jessie 944./;
.V E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Ml'sion 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden j
Gate aye. ; tel. East 12*.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS^
UTICA Cleaning anJ Tcilet Compounds and
Compound Paste: a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR. '
A pent. Office nnd factory. 21 Sn a ir st.
CLAIRVOYANTS •ND - I IRITUALISM.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8 :
Hayes st.. room 7, second floor
GYPSY~TiI> reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
2.V: reallng by mall jl. 5 Seventh Et.
C\ STEERS, medium: 112U Oak St.: circles
Tiles., > [v m.; Th.. 2p. m. : 25c; readings, $1.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 250 up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. HANSON, card re.ider anl palmist; i
past, preser.t. future; 2-^c. US Sixth St.. r. 12.
PROF GEE— Readings $1. 1035 Market St.: test
circles Thurs.. Frl.._S p. m., 25c. $27 Bush st.
MRS J. .i WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
PROFESSOR ZERA: the best fortune teller
in the city. 263 Third st.: upstairs.
SPIRIT test, business medium; sit. 50c, $1: cir-
cle Tues.. Thurs., Sat. at 8, 10c. 51'} Valencia.
MME LANGE. queen of clairvoyants, 11*7 Mar-
ket, bet. 7t!t and Sth; ■ _ 2:>c up: satisfaction.
YOUR future toM t>>* cards. 25c: dally. 10 a-
m. to 10 p. m.: Sun. 7tolo p. m. 105 Larkln.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: Indies. ?>l4 O'Farrell St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 31' V -.' Mark-", st
."COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage; 7 rooms and bath: $20. GEO.
\v. H. PATTERSON f&;CO.7i 1706 Market Bt."*^
$S— SSC IVY* ave. : thre- sunny rooms, basement,
yard: 'betw>*ent '..a>r.in;t and Octavia sts.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, ?27
Market st or» Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain ■ v the use of electricity, gas j
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap- i
plied to th<* grums; the best and m st artistic I
denicl work at reasonable prices; pure gold
f.Uings frjrn $1 up: other fillings from Me:
baJlv decayed teeth carefully treated and
tilled or crowned without pain; (dates that fit
from $4 B0 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specially; open '
evenings and Sundays. |
A^ NEW anesth«tic for painless dentistry.
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown end bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings. 5-ic; crowns, $3 50; plates.
*ull set. $'>: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTHO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; geld crowns.
$3 50 up- plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to I
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. _ '____•
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills te^th painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $<;
rubber or flexible plates. 53: received S first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
V\N VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest r-rices; 10
r pern tors: no students. 997 Market st.
Sr"IUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas 'en.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PFT of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. I*4l Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
BEALD'B Business College. 24 Post st.. San
Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. telegraphy.
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc: electrical engineering— theory,
practice, ' design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers: Individual Instruction;
fNXf graduates annually placed In position*:
ttudeats can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new SO- page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School fcr Men. T. M. C. A.. Mason
> and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business anil
Industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting,
bockkfepiug. electricity, mechanical and
i urchitectural drawing, German. Spanish.
Enpllsh. grammar, mathematics, elocution.
1 commercial law. physical culture classes, etc.
j A membership privilege. Call or f-n.l for
I rcJ"4Ool catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
i AYRES" Business College, 723 Market »_.»_
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish telegraphy, under qualified teacher, low
rate's: life scholarship. 150: catalogue.
J A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory ochool
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
I day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
j jT~cT BARRETT, a lending court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
in shorthand : pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
: ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
Ell's hysten-., sunay rocms: low rates: day.
i even. San Francisco Bus. College. 123S Mai 'Kt.
! ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
S:ig, mech. survey, assay. archi.:day and even.;
e«t. ISC4 VAN UElt NAILLEN. 933 Market.
i MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc; circulars and specimen lesson papers:
evenings. 3C40 Sixteenth St. . •_
LADY, experienced hlsh school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in families. S5«
Adeline st.. -land.
I LAV. Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and Wo Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
SINGING, piano: Paris grad.: French. Spanish,
$! mo. 530 O. G. aye.. r. 5-7: hours I to 8.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of.
Lelpetc;- lessons. Tac. 323 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
lnes* College. 305 Larkln ti opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, _ri thmeticgr-minar.wri ting;
day and night: terms lew. 1024 Mission. nr.tth.
ii ■ —
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
OP.PHEL'M Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Butter: tel. Black 1821.
i JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
i kelp. GEO. OAKI. M Geary rt. ; tel. Grant 56.
THE SATs' FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT ANTED FEMALE.
LADIES I looking for servants— Remember we
always try to send first-class servants to nil
rout orders; cook* second girls, coachmen
and butlers supplied- J. F, CROBKTT & CO..
316 Putter st. - . -
A FIRST-CLASS Danish girl desires situation
to do upitalrs work; city or country 90s
lxxmst aye.. off Lacuna st.; phone Scott 740.
LADY bookkeeper, stenographer and type-
writer wishes position; city or country town.
Address box 1261, ___ office.
WOMAN wishes position as housekeeper or
companion to an invalid lady. Address box
23A2, Call offlc^ .
PROTESTANT woman with child 4 years eld.
Place as working housekeeper; is a good cook.
Call "■ 130? Lyon sv. _____
GERMAN girl from New York would like a
position to do housework or French and mer-
man cooking. i)3O Montgomery st.
BY young lady of experience, position as sten-
ographer: best references; wages moderate.
Box 1262. Call. .
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day,
washing or housework; $150 per day. Zoo
Harriet st,
MIDDLE-AGED lady wish«s work by the day.
washing and ironing preferred. Inquire at
41] Gough st.
YOUNG lady wishes a place as housekeeper:
city or country. &>" Fourth st., room U.
L-ADY.i would like a place as housekeeper-, city.
1033 Valencia st.
COMPETENT Eastern girl wishes situation to
do cookinc or general housework; 5 years
reference irom her last place. Please call at
741 Tehama st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
WANTED -Situation as first-class laundress In
private family; best reference. 562 Natoma st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to do gen-
eral housework.. 1 Columbia square.
COMPETENT middle-aged widow, with-
out any incumbrances, wishes a position as
housekeeper for widower or bachelor, in city
pr country, for a good home. Address MRb.
H. BURT. 256 Eighth St.
WINCHESTER House, -54 Third st. . near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 BO to $8
wees; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baecage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH ofn>e for Call advertisement*! and
subscriptions has been established at 109* va-
lencla st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
AN able-bodied middle-aged ran wishes posi-
tion on ranch Where he can make himself
generally useful; salary no object for tlrKt
three months; prefers Nevada or Southwest-
ern California. Address W. N. ADAMS, In-
ternational Hotel, San Francisco. Cal.
MAN and wife with one child wish position; to
take car-> of private place; man understands
business thoroughly, and wife Is good house-
keeper; references. Address box 1233. Call.
YOUNXt man having rome knowledge of wood
carving wishes a position where he can finish
h!s trade; good references. Address box 1240, ,
Call.
BOOKKEEPER and salesman, 15 years' exper-
ience, wants position, city or country; would
leave U. S. : Mexico. Manila, anywhere: rer-
ereno<-< and bond. H. L. LLOYD. K6 Mission.
TOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
situation In private place: can milk: handy
with tools- temperate habit?: references. P.
LUND. 3CO Seventh St.. Oakland.
STUDENT at Heald*s Engineering School will
work for board or board and room out if
school hours. RUFERT, 207 Montgomery ay.
WANTED— Situation in wine cellar by a man j
who understands the business; city or coun-
try. Address 1110 Powell. A. DEMOUSSET.
THOROUGHLY competent and experienced en-
gineer wishes a position: best of references.
Address box 2301, Call.
AN Italian, recently arrived and witn best
references, desires employment a." sculptor:
1 is proficient In drawing, modeling and all
sorts of ornamental work, cornices, etc.:
holds silver medal Academy of Genoa. Italy.
Address L. F. LASTRETO. 31? Front st.
SITUATION wanted by young man with some
experience In barter trade. Inquire 45S Na-
toma St.. near Slxth^
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried, first-class h»tel experience, wants per-
manent situation: city or country. Commu-
nicate with box 2271, Call office.
CHRISTIAN man wants situation; steady
work the object. Address P> SORENSEN, 550
Mission St.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced mill-
wright on quartz or flouring mills; first class
In quartz mining; city or country. Box 1229.
Call office.
GERMAN, first-class cardener. wishes situa-
tion In a private place; city or country: good
references. Address box 122.«. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call aJrertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 183< Va-
lericia st. _^^_^__________________
EXPERT OPTICIAN!!.
GEORGfT^MAYERLE. German expert optician.
IC7U- Market St.. Pan Francisco; exam, free,
FLATS TO LET.
BUSH, 212S— Sunny modern fiat: seven (7)
r»oms. large yard and basement; rent reason-
able.
FINE double fiat. 9 rooms and bath: yard and
garden; reduced rent. 65S Hayes st.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sunny;
rent $12. 171! Leaven worth st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery it.
I NEAR City Hall— S sunny modern flats. 5 and
! 6 rooms and bath each. 26 Grove Ft., 25 and ;
27 Blrclv
WASHINGTON aye., 1«4. off Ninth, near Mis-
' sion— 4 rooms and bath.
$9— MINNA. 1025— Flat of four sunny rooms; all
conveniences.
439 FOURTH st.: S room sunny flat: In good
order: reasonable rent to good tenant.
2 CHOICE sunny flats: 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell. nr. Bak*r.
4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply ECS Mis-
sion st
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
SUNNY lower flat 3 rooms and bath; furnished;
$14. 2110 Baker st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined. ISc to Me; linen warp matting. 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.
FOLDING-BED with mirror front: nearly new;
rare opportunity. 3624 Seventeenth st.
FOR sale— Furniture; parlor and two bedroom
] sets; almost new; cheap. Inquire IG4 Mission.
FOR SALE— A 12-room house; all rented; $350.
Apply 253 Stevenson st.
4 ROOMS furn^hed in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. Klr»_ Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.: high-
est price paid; postal. H. COLEMAN, 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— SSOOO carpet*, furniture. etc.: highest
; price paid: postal. M. Silversteln. 1121 Market.
FURRIERS FURS, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan toques. $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny: top floor.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
! GIRLS'. GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS'.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 3"'-- Fremont St..
I are putting In the very best sewing ma-
-1 chines and will take in several hundred more
I operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
FINISHERS on coats,' pants and vests; best
wages in the city. 541 Market st.
, : WANTED Experienced printed and blankbook
sewers at McINTYRE'S Bindery. 422 Com-
i mercial st.
! WANTED — Experienced infant's nurse; refer-
I ences. Call morning at NW. cor. of Broderick
! rt. and Golden Gate aye.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
moderate wages. 2S3«> Octavia St.. corner
Greenwich.
; GIRL for naker*n>ld for cooking and general
housework. Call forenoon. ISIO Bush st.
WANTED — An Improver on skirts and an ap-
i pr«"ntice to learn dressmaklnn- :>! O'Farre".!.
; GIRL for housework and assist with children.
220 Vi Waller Et. . . -
FIRST-CLASS coat finisher. s'» Kearny St.,
room 16.
i OPERATORS wanted to work in factory on
I ladies' and children's wear. 723 Market St..
room *?■
WOMAN to do housework; wages $20. Twenty-
eighth and Alabama sts.
50 GIRLS to sew on buttons. 36*4 Fremont st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking ' School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st. ■.•...- .-.:
help WANTED FEMALE.
C^rTh ANBeSTST CO. "phone grant us
Waitress, Stockton $20; waitress. Auburn,
fore here, $20; 2 waitresses. Gait, $20; wait-
ress, Fresno, $25; 2 waitresses. Bakersfleld,
$20, fare her»; 2 waitresses, city $20; wait-
ress, Colusa. $20; 6 waitresses, restaurant, $".
$5: waitress, San Jose $25; chambermaid to
wait, ?20.
FAMILY ORDERS ■■••••
40 girls for general housework and cooking,
city and country governess for country, $23.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Six neat Protestant girls for house-
work in small American families, with and
without washing, very nice families, $20 and
$25; 2 laundresses. $25 and $30; second girls.
$20 and $25: 4 waitress** for country hotels,
$20 and $22 50; 2 cooks for boarding-houses,
ISO and $35; a large number of girls for house-
work in city and country places, too many to
advertise, napes $20 to $30-; young girls for
housework. $15. Apply to 3 F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. ■'-■:-. '_
CHAMBERMAID to assist waiting. $22; laun-
dress, $1S: waitress, $20; country hotels. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Lady who can sew on fine work
both by hand or machine; also use typewriter.
Box 2185. Call, stating ability, wages; hours
from S till 5 p. m. '•
GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist with
housework and some sewing; small wages.
535*4 Stevenson st.
WANTED— for housework. 66 Car-
melite st.. off Herman and Waller, between
Pierce and Scott.
GIRLS wanted. Apply at ETTINGER'S, 723
Market st.
YOUNG girl wanted for general housework.
_ 2935 Twenty-fourth st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
GIRL for cooking and assistant in store, at
537 Broadway.
GIRL for children and light housework, at 637
Broadway. *
WANTED— A first-class waitress, $6 a week;
call early. 2813 Greenwich st.
YOUNG girl for cooking and housework: ref-
erences: wages $20. 1533 Geary st.
SMART woman to work and help with children
In Institution; wages $12. 512 Minna st.
WAITRESS, restaurant. 2S First St.; no Sun-
day work: $17 50 month and room.
GIRL for general housework; good wage-. 629
McAllister st.
WANTED— -Good cook: must have references.
Call between 12 and 3 o'clock at 1292 O'Farrell.
GIRL to help with housework in sailors' board-
ing-house. ? Clay st.
WANTED— A Kir! with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work.
1175 A Market st.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO- j
CIATION, Sixteenth st., near Valencia,
WOMEN and girls wanted to worK on fruit at |
176 San Jose aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HELP WANTED — MALE.
company" w??RK?rr77r..TrrTr?^FREE fare
20 laborers for track work. $1 75 a day, board
$4 50 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ;
10 STONEMASONS, $3 60; 15 helpers. $2; for
railroad work; free fare-. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
FARE ADVANCED SAWMILL WORK
Cro&BCUtters. $86; barkers. $30; snipers, $35; I
Jacks— rewera, $."5: swampers, $2S; see bess !
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NET-MAKER, $2 50; sack sewer. $2 and'
beard; hostler. £25 and found; almond pickers I
$1 25 and board; blacksmith, ranch. $40 and
found: - carpenters, $3 a day* C. R. HAN- ,
BEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FRANK TRACT, laundryman, wanted. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
RESTAURANT chief cook. $25 a week; second I
conk, restaurant, $65; short-order cook, $11 a
week; cook and helper, small country hotel,
$70; cook and wife waitress, small boarding
house, $55: German cook, small tel, $40;
butcher, $9 a week; cook, private family. $25;
porter, hotel, $20; 3 restaurant waiters, $11 a :
week; German waiter, $S a week; young man
to help In a confectionery. $20; laker, $25
and room. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary. !
SECOND cook, hotel. Honolulu. ■'"■. free fare; |
see party here to-day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. j
8 WAITERS, same country hotel, $25; waiter,
country hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.,
104 Geary st.
YOUNG man with references who can drive de-
livery wagon and knows something of green
grocer business; $10 a week arid increase. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CHEF. $100: 3 waiters. $50; north. C. R. HAN-
SEN A: CO., 104 Geary st.
MILKER who understands cows and calves,
$35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
FREE FARE FOR MARTINEZ
10 l-horse scraper teamsters $2 23 a day
10 2-horse scraper teamsters $2 a day I
10 laborers $2 a day
SHIP TO-DAY
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st. ,
WANTED— 2 men to handle fruit, trucking and
packing; wood turner for planing mill: 2 la-
borers for warehouse, $2 '•■-. diver for water-
work, $5 day; 3 laborers for manufacturer, j
$2 day; buggy washer. $50: harness cleaner, ;
$45; rip sawyer, $2 &0 day; swampers, timber
fellers, barkers for the woods, $55 to $60: Jack- '
screwers, sawyers and laborers for mill, $26 :
to $35; scraper teamsters, scraper holders,
$1 75 to $2 day. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife. $60; boarding-house;
cooks, {33 and $4": cook for 4 men. $15; second
baker, $18 week: hotel and restaurant waiters, ;
dishwashers, vegetable "men, and bell boy. $15
and found: and others. Apply to J. F. I
CROSETT Jfc CO., 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Night cook. $50; dishwasher, $30; i
extra waiters; 5 men to pick grapes. $1 a
day; man and wife, private place. $50. AN- !
DRE'S. 316 Stockton st. j
BROILER and second cook. $55; fry cook. $40;
porter. $20; waiter $25: dishwasher. $20, coun- j
try hotels. HOTEL GA2ETTE, 26 Montgom- i
cry st. j
MAN and wife, $40: country: cooking and all-
around work. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BUSHI ' •' wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Mar-
ket st.
HARNESSMAKER wanted: country shop: no !
family: steady work; see party 265 Stevenson i
St.. 10:30 to 11:30 a. m., Sunday, September 24. j
WANTED— A good hosiery and underwear
salesman; state age, experience, reference
and salary. Apply box 1425. Call office.
UPHOLSTERER wanted— Steady work: good i
pay to right party. Address HOCK &
HUTCHISON, Seattle. Wash.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; 70 per cent.
713 Mission st "
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted for Saturday and
Sunday; $4 guaranteed. 407 Bush st.
GOOD barber for Saturday; wages $3. 131
Third st.
BARBER for Saturday. 112 A First
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; steady.
715 V» Davis st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 84? Va-
lencia st. *
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. S3 Third
street.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 11 Sixth
street.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday; $4 SO. 1322
Stcx-kton st.
BARBER for Saturday. 1053 Pacific st.
BARBER wanted. 334 Sixth St.
GOOD barber for Saturday; wages $3. 623 Cay
«=t. ; call after S o'clock.
BARBERS— Good 3-chair shop at a bargain if
ltd soon; prices 15c and 25c. Box 2154, Call.
WANTED— First-class men's clothing sales-
man. RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED/— An experienced wrapper. Apply at
i HALE BROS.. Inc.
I WANTED— TaiIor at ROOS BROS.', 25 to 37
Kearny st. -. ':
WANTED— Bushelman. Apply BROWN BROS..
121-123 Sansome st.
WANTED — Three men of energy to canvass;
straight salary. I a. m.. 300 Post st.
] COAT and pants maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS.. 24 .Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class plan man for stone.
work. Col— Stone Company. 2C5 Kearny st.
WANTED— Boy or man to work in bakery at
MBS Sacramento st. *
- WANTED— Young man to drire milk wagon at
Sl6 Treat aye.
] YOUNG man who lives at home for shooting
gallery. Call at 443 Dupont st. "
VEGETABLE man wanted. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— Good restaurant butcher at 317
| Fourth st: ■
KITCHEN porter. $20. SWARTZ & BETH.
Old Louvre. .. -yiK'i;
■ ERRAND boy at ISj'-» Tehama st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. - 205 Sec-
I end St. fiC:' •..
HELP WANTED MALK.
Mi RRAY X- READY , .., PHONE MAIV R4I 1
..Leading Employment and 1-abor Agent*..
.....WANT TO-DAY, 7 A M
harness maker*.. atone and concrete MMM •
upholsterers olat" npiltter*
wood turners mill bench hands
cabinetmakers sash door mak»rsi
Mi>ckni»k*r« #i-ttern sawmills
machinists on COITUKatad roll*.. coopers
wagts above Jobs, $."., 14, $3 M V: $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, «34-*5<S I 'lay at.
IN SAN FRANCISCO..
164 laborers and teamster*. $2 50, $2, $1 75 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-63« Clay St.
STABLEMEN OTHER HELP :
14 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country. $50. $40,
$30. $25 and found; alv help for Utah. Ore-
gon, Washington. Hawaiian Islands. Ari-
zona, British Columbia. MURRAY A. READY.
634-636. C1ay it. ■^■'-.'i-yCr' ;
FRUIT PICKERS
CHAPE PICKERS
6Ca ME:: AND BOYS
....FARES $123, OFFICE FEE $1 ONLY.... ;
....ANYBODY WILL SUIT; YOU WILL....
....80 to &0 days' work, $3-1 [>er mo. and fd....
N MURRAY A- READY, 634-« M Clay at.
$350 DAY COAL MINERS > 50 ;
TO SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH l
FARE PAID; BOSS AT OUR OFFICE;
COME SEE HIM. MURRAT A READY, C 3-
4-686 Clay st. '
WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 33 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
-. .197 MEN FOR 50 different Job« ■
..FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES..
..WAGES. $26 to $40 per month and found.. .
ALSO LUMBER PILERS. crosscut sawyers, ;
tree fellers, bark peelers, Jack screwers,
woodsmen and mlllmen of every descrip- ■
tlon, $80, $75. $65, $50 $15. $40. *30 and found: !
woodchoppers, tiemakers, shingle and bolt
makers, picket makers, etc, by the hundreds. :
MURRAY A READY. 634-63* Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE 1
to every R. R. In California but one i .
drillers, hammersmen, teamsters, laborers,
stone masons, etc., from S3 50 day: board. 1 .
lodging. • etc., cost $4 50 week (remember the •
one we dor.'t ship to Is Coast R. R-). MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at. ;
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
25 carpenter, ' hour 3, free fare, 16 miles from
San Francisco, 9 months' Job $3 day •
15 carpenters, city and country Job —$3 day
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay st.
9 GOLD MINES !
■ 4 SILVER MINES
-ii OTHER MINES '
25 miners $2 50 day ;
154 laborers (no experience wanted), $01 per
month. Including board and lodging ••
25 laborers, fare $150. No. 1 mine $60
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 mine ; .
$34 and found i
27 laborer?. large mine $63 ;
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay at. ! .
BOILER-MAKERS MACHINISTS
BLACKSMITHS .V.
7 boiler-makers, country Jobs $3 75 day i
5 machinists, city and country Jobs —$3 day
7 blacksmiths' helpers.. $30 $35 and found
MURRAY & REXDY. 634-636 Clay St.
MARRIED HELP _. >
5 farmers and wives. .2 waiters and waitresses
2 milkers and wives
2 chambermaids and porters
6 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
Wife to cook for men. man as choreman on
ranch; $60. $52 $50. Jr. $40, $35, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St. _
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .' BAKERS
32 cooks. s6s $55, $50. $45. $40, $35, $30 and found I
19 waiters $35, $3*. $25, $20 and found |
28 dishwashers $30, $25. $20, $13 and found
1 first 5 second. 6 third hand bakers, also S
boys to learn, $45. $40. $36, $30, $25, $20. $13
and found, come and see us; 13 porters, bed-
makers, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen.
Janitors $30, $25. $20, $15 and found; 7 laun-
drvmen $33, $30. $23 and found!
5 cooks and wives. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-63K Clay st.
GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
25 laborers (no experience), fare 50c $63
12 laborers, fare $1 30 $6'> •
IS teamsters, fare 75c $2 25 day
25 4-horse teamsters $34 and found
164 laborers and teamsters for aH parts of
California, wages $3 50, $3. $2 " ■. $2, $1 75 day: •
3 milk wagon drivers, city, $35, $25 and found;
j-oung man for a grocery store, city j
" . $2!) and found
6 railroad section hands, fare 50c $60
MRURAY ft READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— CHOREMEN AND BOYS
S3 ch^remen and boys for farms, stores,
shops, learn 23 trades, work in factories.
manufacturing concerns, etc.. $40. $30, $25. $20.
$15 $10 and found; by the day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BEE BOSS AT OUR OFFICE TO-DAY
For a large sawmill, fare PAID ,
50 experience woodsmen BIG WAGES 1
35 experienced mlllmen BIG WAGES
CO laborers (no experience wanted). $26 to $40
and found: beautiful climate in California,
WE PAY MURRAY & READY.
YOUR FARE 634 and 636 Clay st.
3 BAKERS and confectioners: cook and wife,
190; wheelwright, country shop; cook and
Wife. $80, MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay »t.
A— HARVEST FIELDS FARMS AND
DAIRIES
hoe downs, cleaner tenders, forkers. 4 labor-
ers to work arourfd thrasher, sack sewers,
straw bucks derrick forkers, fireman. $4. $3,
$2 60. $•. $175, $1 50 day :
20 strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
92 farm hands, steady Jobs !
$33. $30. $26 and found
9 milkers $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63* Clay st.
FRUIT and grape pickers, Sonoma, Napa, ■
Santa Clara and other counties, $30 and :
found- help for private families, $15 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and C 36 i
Clay st. I
FARE PAID OREGON FARE PAID ;
25 men to work for a sawmill company.-
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. I
READ THESE
Gardener for an Institution. Catholic
$30 and found
Butcher, enfe near city, easy, good Job
2 cooks, Government and State institutions..
$40 and found
Machine blacksmith, city $3 day
Blacksmith on wagona* Ironwork $3 day
Wood turners
I Grape pickers by the ton $150 ton
Help for foundry and wineries, city. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. ,
$65 PER month can be made hy steady man:
permanent place: light work; must have
I small capital. 1032 Market St.. room 4.
WANTED— Elderly man to cook for 3 or 4 men; ;
call at SCO Halght; wages $3 or $10 per month. ;
' BELLBOY wanted. Call at Winchester Hotel. ;
; 44 Third st. ;
; WANTED— Band sawing and shaper mar..
EAST OAKLAND PLANING MILL.
I FIRST-CLASS waiter for French restaurant.
j '.: Taylor st.
NIGHT clerk wanted at The Howard. 543 How-
ard 6t-
i BEDMAKER wanted. Apply at 543 Howard st. !
WANTED — First-class electric wire man. ;
HETTY BROS., 126 Eddy st. •
i FIRST-CLASS bushelmen; steady work. Apply
at 71S Market st.
WANTED — An all-around good cook at 10
: Stockton st. *
j BOY wanted to learn dry goods business. 1221
Stockton st.
WANTED— Good waiter and a night cook at
111 Taylor st.
vv \NTED— Cash boys. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO., 71S Market st.
! BOY wanted who speaks German. J. HUSCH-
LER. 1336 Alabama st.
WANTED — Sober and reliable German to drive
bakery wagon; good wages; only one who i
i S has driven a bakery wagon In this town be- ;
fore and has good recommendations need ap- j
ply. Box 2295. Call office.
LABORERS wanted for work at Point Rich- :
mond: wages $2 per day. Apply to JAMES
A. McMAHON. 210 Spear st. |
BARBER wanted: young man; a good work- !
man; wa*es $6 30 and board. Address F. J. \
S.. 17544 Seventh St., West Oakland, Cal.
' PAYING 5c barber shop at a bargain if sold i
at once. 34C'j Third st.
ANTED— Bench hands. Apply superintendent
THOMAS DAY CD- 725 Mission st.
WANTED — Jeweler; first-class wages: steady
position. Baldwin Jewelry Co., 546 Market st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor- :
1 neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market. i
: BOYS wanted at CALIFORNIA BARREL !
FACTORY. Potrero, city.
JEWELERS. '7* Bush St., third floor, room 4.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors; good
wages FRANCES. 796 Suttsr st.
THREE energetic men or women: steady
work. good wages. 472% 13th St.. Oakland.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and ■
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec/. 104 7th: tel. Jessie U2.
: BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal >
j organised union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
SAILORS and shiD carpenters for Europe '
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York'
XV. LANE. Shipping Agent. £04-506 Davis st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, £62 Mission st.. bet. Ist and !d sts.
I GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c i
to 30c. '62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2nd sts. !
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and \
window dresser. Apply box : 2272. Call.
GENT'S fine '-alf shoes to order. $2 50 up sole- I
I lag. 30c to 35c; heeling, 13c up. B3 Howard st. 1
■-.-•■- ■ ■ _ . - _ -. - . . .. - .,. .. .. . „ .....
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED Driver for "milk route In city; ref- I
erencet required; IK and found. >>• >->•
EWER & CO., 610 Clay it. .
WANTED- who spoke with gentle-!;
man at our office yesterday plea** rail;
blarrkemlth for mine, $2 M pec da.y, 2 wlne J7 !
hands $30 and board; 50 woodsmen and mill- ' .
men rare advanced: 10 more men to pick .
if rapes, $26 and board; 3 farm hands, short ,
dlftanre, general •fork, IMand board: chore-
rnnn for gentleman's place in country, $20: > :
5 teamsters for R. R., II X to $2 per day;
cooks waiters and dishwashers. W. D. ■
EWER & '-■->. __ Clay st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks: only institution teaching the toruso-
rial art; constant practice: expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College. 635 Clay »t.
WANT ED— Laborers and mechanics to knew !
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; Ijo large
rooms: toe per night; $1 to $2 per week. ,
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages ;
$175 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply |
E. B. STONE'S, camp, near San Pablo sta- i
tion, on Valley Road.
COMPOSITOR wanted. Call at Hayes Valley
Printing and Stationery Co . 310 Hayes st.,
near Franklin.
TO Tailors— Good coatraakers wanted. Apply !
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance. ;
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket Bt.
TRY our 15c meals: beet in city. 406 McAllls-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE. Eighth St.
$00 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c ,
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
UPHOLSTERER, who understands little carpet
work preferred; steady work to right man.
1512 Polk st. '_ J
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c. II
to $2 .'0 week. Elcho House. S63"^ Market st. j
TRY Acme House, 557 Market st. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 v a-
lenc'a Ft.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, ;
K7 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. !
FAN carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL- i
ZIEL. Vofrtnarv DenMst. ''05 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES — LODGING! FOR SALE.
00-ROOM I
CORNER HOUSE j
CLEARS 1200
ONLY $1600 ■•■
80 rooms, comer: rent $55 1750
V IS rooms on Turk, near Market 500
45 rooms on Market st.: rent $75 ___
4?-room hotel in Oakland 2.600
SO-room houfce;. clears $300 2.500
20 rooms on Eddy st. must sell 6uo
26 rooms: comer; apartment house L~j
11-room house: one floor -sE
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 z.*w
f.O rooms; elegant corner; clears $500 3,i^)
7-roora flat, $150; S-room flat .rr-,\
110 rooms: fine corner; clears $600 6, aw
3>i rooms on Market st. ; clears $200 1.4./)
MONEY. TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE-
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
PARTIES wishing to s»ll lodging houses see !
BASILE, 3 Eddy st. new cash buyer dally. ;
$700— SNAP: 4.", rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $30 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st. !
1300-BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market ft. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy. j
$325—20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market; j
all rented: rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy, j
$900 WILL buy a corner house of 32 rooms; all !
full. EITEL. 100S'-i Market St. j
TO rent— 9-room lodging-house, with private
entrance in rear; newly painted, papered; ;
SI3H O'Farrell St., nr. Mason. 15 Grant aye. i
BEALE. 343. near Santa Fe Terminal— Large ;
house 50 rooms: good renting location. :
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell- !
ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Ke.irr.y.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir- i
* cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 1« Montgomery. j
SIXTH 121— Newly renovated house, 11 rooms, ;
all light and airy: low rent to good, perma- j
nent tenant SOL GETZ & BRO.. room A.
Crocker building.
$18 — ROOMS and bath, gas range, gas mantle.
113 Olive aye.. near Polk and O'FarreU sts. j
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. i
$16— EIGHT rooms, yard; fine view. Lombard j
st.. near Hyde. ___-_ ■
. — ~~~ — -~~ — — — — - — ;
. LOST AND FOUND.
■ FOUND— Hound tan with white spots. 3 days '
i ago at Myrtle aye. and Franklin st Ad- |
dress box 2303. Call office. j
I LOST— small gold watch. Return to IS
Third st.. room '2; reward. j
j LOST— Sept IS. a light brown Irish setter with
i one tooth missing out of lower Jaw. Return
j to 1370 Eddy St.: receive reward.
LO^T— Purse on Folsom St., near Tenth, con-
taining money. Return to 1401 Folsom st, ;
Mahoney's drug store: reward.
i MEDICAL.
i WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used: :
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 |
and 7 to 9 p. m. \
i DR GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly of i
401 Van Ness aye. and US Market st. ; now |
at US Eddy, one block from Market. I
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar- j
ket st.: bet. Mason and Taylor: hours. 9 to 5.
MRS DB WYETH. ladles' physician: consul- j
tation free. M 2 Post b?t. Hyde an* Larkin. j
I MRS DR. GWYER. ladles' physician. 510 j
Eddy st, bet. Hyde and Larkin. I
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician. 122S
Market St.. bet. Taylor and Jones. ;
' DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
I 37 years. 31S Kcarny st. >_
i MRS. DR. WEGENER. ladles' physician: mcdi-
i cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS ALLEN, ladles' physician. 22S Van Ness
I aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9a.m.to '■ p m. |
i DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis- |
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
i MINING AND ASSAYING.
.-.-_-_-^-_-_ i
"RICH placer mines, paying: man with $500;
good chance. Address box 1239, Call.
CAPE NOME mines: big chance for right man.
Address box 1232. Call.
MINES AND MINING.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth !
floor. Mills bldg., 3. F. ; tel. Main 844. |
COPPER mine partly developed: accessible:
runs 10 per cent: price $15,000; gold quarts
mine In Oregon. IS-lnch vein. $50 ore; price
$5000: purchaser may deal with owner direct
| AY. F. ARAM. Mills building.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
! BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery! Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st. .above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st
A PAIR beautiful quartz sleevebuttons for 4 S
cost orisinally $IS. UNCLE HARRIS 15
Grant are.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplieo
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission!
GREAT Dane en account of breaking up home
Inquire at MS Jackson st. "«~».
( NEW $65 White sewing machine for $30 E _
PAT» N _• Shotweil st.
A-ST. BERNARD (at the stud); Diablo II
largest and finest thoroughbred on coast- prlie
winner: fee $20. X.. 224 Geary, room A
i FOR sale cheap. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
with current regulator and attachments for
: lady or gent. 34 Sixth st. room 3.
i PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus; bargain li« No,
: la now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
GOOD Caltgraph typewriter, $25; g»t particu-
a ry S - S , L *M ' A—EXANDBR, U« Mor.tgom-
J "*> St.
FOUR horst-power pasoline engine for **1*
cheap. NEWELL BROS.. 117 First St. —
B V L^'- { " rier P U P- s months; finest pedigree
J. Vs. THRASHER, of Palace Hotel Laundry!
Sl i^!! b " p - Ra *2 lln * engine: also 15 h.p. portable
boiler >v engine. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
'< °Vi D n bu '; « for "He- Inquire N. MEYER.
**-i. i4s.ttery -St. ...
j BARBERS outfit: chalr - etc.: complete: cheap:
also clock M years old. • 1107 Mission st.
°ir? >OUN S condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
A^ DE S BT nd F *<lora hats. $1 75. Popu-
I lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
■_H7_l— >_2l— Ul *OK SAL.—.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
■necle chests; bullion safen. vaults, etc. Tho
Walti Safe Co.. 100-111 Market St.. 3. __ Cat.
GASOLINE engines, ■ all purposes; new and
second hand: carriage engine*. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO.. 1309 Mission St.. near Ninth.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lnthes, wood planers, 12 and
24 In. ; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Un I ted States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
2 DENTAL chairs; must be Al and a bargain.
Ohio Dental Parlors. Inc.. « Market st:
open evenings and Sundays. 9 to 2.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 257. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
WANTED dally— €o to 100 gallons of pure milk.
Address J. C. 415 Brannan st.
WANTED— Secord-hand surrey or light car-
riage. In good condition. Box 1218. this office.
HIGHEST cash price paid for secondhand up-
right pianos. Room 12. Flood building.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. lIS Montgomery.
! : MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back -In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on tr>e purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call BS-69 Donohoe bidg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rate*, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVT amount of 6V> per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates. real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. M -COLO AN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and 3 W-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
PARTIES desirous of borrowing $50 to $200 on
note or business at 8 per cent, address Lender,
box 1255. Call office.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rate?- Ist and 2d mcrtgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lr.dorr.ur. TOUSLEY. 532. Parrott big.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market «t.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $3
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
i ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
i west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
I 2C. 25 and 30 OFarrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all graded
! and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
! customer^
I A BATCH of bargains in pianos:
' / Erard IJS 00
Cornish l-o 00
; Smith & Barnes 190 00
i 1 Steck. 1 Chlckertog. 1 Weber.
BENJ. CURT A & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
' A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
j rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
j W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ>. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
A FINE new walnut upright for $150 cash at
MAUVAIS 1 . 769 Market st
1 $75— ROSEWOOD piano, fine tune, on $5 install-
ments. 1115 Popt st. -
i BUY a Decker upright at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
I ket et.. if you want the best.
! A FINE Arion piano. $90. THE J. DEWING
CO.. second floor Flood building.
' GOOD piano In storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market St.
' SPLENDID Steinway upright sacrificed by a
private party. Room 10. Flccd building.
i GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
Mauvals', 76<> Market st. Get prices at once.
i A— sSs UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister St.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
ioHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 3CS
Post st. 2
. WANTED— 2 S(juar» Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans^
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER * CHASE. 30 OFarrell st
SUPERIOR violins", zithers, old and new. H.
MI'LLKR. rmker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
: SIXTH. 232— Fine -store for millinery or any
business; best block on street.
FOR rent or for lease. 953 Howard st. large
store and large concrete basement '* ■ ",
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main 616 Geary st.. above Jones: classes:
office hours, 1 to ; p. m. : reading by mail. li.
PERSONALS.
I MLLK. CLAIRE • "RAND, manicure par-
lors, 23S Kearny st, first floor, rooms Z-'-l.
ANNIE TOOHET, having lift my bed and
board. I will not be responsible for any debts
that she may contract hereafter. Dated,
Tuesday, Sept 12. 1593. JEREMIAH TOO-
HEY, 705 Dolores St.
I ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants lor suits to order, $10 75: pants, $3 75:
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 164*
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
i
WANTED— Name and address ■' persons owing
mortgages to Pacific States Building ar.d
L. an Association, who have paid in on stock
for 6or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBEP.G.
I 632 Market St.. S. F.. room 23.
! JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cat, American, and Foreign
Send for circular. ! Patents Solicited.
i MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co.. 13C-6 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get moat anything in that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
: ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to asa per night; $1 .'• to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE best Is what you want. At Lederer's
Hairdresslng Parlors they always suit you;
25c: good switches. $1. fine. $2 50: Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo. 5c pkg. Lederer, 123 Stktn.
LEDERER' S Quinton'.ca Hair Tonic: used by
all leading people: makes hair beautiful; 35c
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
I MME. LOUISE'S ma.itcure parlor has removed
• from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st
i JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st. near Mission.
LACHMAS & CO., mfrs. of fine rare and seal
| garments: also remodeling. 104 Keary st
I RUPTURE piles cured: examination free.
! Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. S3S Market st.
j KIRSUTINE Co., hair specialists, grow hair
j or no tiay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy M.
I LADIES' tailcr-mc.de suits to order at
wholesale figures. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
. IF you *ush full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
: RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion: guarsntd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine. ab. Krny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LKMOS, 1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth.
, • WANTED— OId gold tor manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
j Jeweler. 2*S O'FarreU. b»t. Powell ft Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
■ PR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
IC2IH Market St.. bet Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
1 $6000— CHEAP business corner, with or without
buildings. GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Montgmy.
j COTTAGE: near cars: warm belt: 6 rooms;
$2200. "WILLARD.", box 2298. Call.
WANTED— Joint ownership of small praia
ranch; will furnish cash. Box 1423. Call.REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A. FEW CHARMERS
AT A M. SPECK & CO.'S
In the Examiner building.
$173,000— Market st. : 7 years' lease; rents
(10,000 per annum net; grand Improvements.
$140,000— €-story stone, brick and Iron building;
rerus 110.000 per annum; guaranteed lease; 8
iPurs' lease.
$110,000— 6-«tory new pressed brick; 5 years' |
guaranteed lease; rents $7000.
i: 2.000— 4-story trick: vicinity of Tlvoll; pays
j yvc cent net. always rented.
$i".oCi>— GranJ investment: block from Stock-
ten and Market; lot 33xt37: old improvements;
rajs 5 per ce-.n net; if improved will pay 10 per
cent.
$'-o.C<X>— Jones st. ; 77-foot front corner with 3
frontages: fair improvements.
$14.000— Geary st., near Mason; store and
leocrtng house.
ns.OOO-rFirst st.; 27-foot front; 2 fronts; near
Mission. \
JIO.COO— New fiats; very fine; rents $35.
$10.000— Ninth St.. near Mission; business.
JSfOO— Stockton st.; rents $70; lease 10 years.
j-.v.O—Callfornia St.; 3 fiats: rents $45.
$i73i>— Turk st.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from $6TA); larr* lot.
$2000— J f.ats: rents $IS.
$750— Cozy new cottage; large lot. used for
chlrkens and vegetables..
Other barsalns at A. M. SPECK & CO.. €67 !
Market -t.
CHEAP flats: pay 9 per cent net.
Fulton at., near Alamo Square and Devlsa- j
• dero St.: lot 27:6x137:6: building' in 2 flat!!- !
built 3 years npo; ." rooms and bath In lower j
flat; <> n»B! and l>ath In upper flat.
THOMAS MA'JEE * SONS.
Re-al Estate Agents. 5 Montgomery at. i
FOR SALE— Lot 25x137:5; south side of Golden j
Gate aye.. t-.n. Latruna and Octavla ets.; rent \
•♦4O. Address J. B. FRENCH. XW. corner of !
Kilts ana Broderick sts. j
IS2OO— EA: V 11-1111?; new park residence. 9 sunny I
room?, finished basement, substantial and up :
to Ja:«*, fine location, large lot; Carl St., be- j
tween Cole and Stanyan; blue cars Eddy-st.
line pass the door; Haight-ft. cars transfer
to same at Masonic aye. J. STIERLEN,
Lutidcr and owner, on premises.
.NEW HOItKSS !
Five. 6. <. 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with a.! modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts.. from $3100 I
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. XE_-
SON, nuilder.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park. |
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them, ;
call en V.'. J. GI'X.V 410 Montgomery st.
A BRANCH office for Cal! advertisements and
*übecrtr>tions has been established at 1096 Va- .
l«rcia st. 1
REAL ESTATE COIXTRY For Sale
'■'■ INT! on easy terms. 5 or 6 acres land with
-rtiall house within 2 or 3 miles of Petaluma. i
Address C. C. box 1241, Call office. I
3 HOUSES, land, all improved, in Santa Rosa;
bargain. COWIXG & CO., 995 Market st.
POINT RICHMOND tewnsite to sell: 24 acres; !
lota to lease. G. W. HAIGHT, (01 California, :
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
NICE Improved residence in Berkeley, beauti- :
fully lall cut grounds, for small Improved
farm in bay counties; must have good water ;
facilities. German- American. 34 Kearny St. j
■' I
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. !
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list ;
free. Pacific Room-renting Co.. 426 Kearny. .
. V ANT 1101— Two or three furnished front |
r^onis; complete for housekeeping; cheap.
CLAY, 1723, near Van Net aye. — Housekeeping
r ■ .ms furnished or unfurnished.
EDDY, 331 — 4 unfurnished rooms for house- j
keeping; sunny; key at 333 Eddy st.
ELLIS. 51S— 2 housekeeping rooms newly fur-
nished; .— .-'. floor.
FIFTH, 245 — Two rooms furnished for house-
k( ej \:ig; cheap. I
FOLSOM", 523— Parlor floor; I large rooms; well )
furnished for housekeeping; complete; single j
or en suite.
FULTON, CIS — 2 furnished flats, 2 and 3 rooms;
running water; coal and gas range. !
QOLDEX GATE aye.. 1050^ — Three large sunny
well furnished rooms for light housekeeping;
private family; free telephone. j
HOWARD. £22 — Sunny ■ooms for housekeeping;
complete; $2 ZQ; suites from $10 to $12.
HOWARD. 751 1 -— Nicely furnished suite, with
kitchen; man and wife; others: reasonable.
KFARNY. 104— Front suite, unfurnished, $10;
three rooms. $15.
LA P. KIN, 326 — 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart- j
rr.or.ts; furnished complete: gas range; bath.
iXArx 311— Punny furnished housekeeping ;
r.-i.-!ie!or rooms: '■ to $5 month. j
MISSION. 1129— Large, front room; can do light '.
housek-vping: also other housekeeping rooms. |
SACRAMENTO, lr.l4— Large nad small rooms; j
nicely furnished: clean, sunny: excellent lo-
cation: private house; gentlemen or light ;
hruivkerping^ i
SUTTER. 2620 '-i— Furnished parlor, bedroom. j
dining-room, kitchen, bath; r.o children; lady •,
will l^ard for rent. j
THIRD. Sib— Housekeeping rooms, $1 50 to $2 50; j
ah=o others. - j
TWKXTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— Small j
sunny bay- window flats: complete for house- j
keeping. ■ i
VAX XKSS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny ]
suites for housekeeping: also single rooms. ;
\ BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
ruhecriptlOM has b*en established at 1036 Va- i
lenr'.a st. j
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn. I
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14? Sixth — Rooms, |
*Sc to il p->r nieht; $1 25 to $5 per week, and ]
light housekeeping; open all ni^ht. ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- j
lencia ;-t. . ;
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.— ;
Il'irnHlke house; modern service; elevator;
!,..:!'.: rooms EOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT New Grand. 24fi 3d— VA lst-class Bunny rms., ■
3^; to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk.: also housekeeping.
AT 52 Second Et., double rooms for week. $1 50 !
to $3: single. $1 to $1 EOj day. 25c to 50c.
BURNETT 1425 Market (old Xo. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rrr.F., suites, single: a!*o unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 12"-« -Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Funny corner; well fum. rms. i offices.
EDDY. 123 'United State? Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 CO week up: elevator day and night.
EDDY, 42i— Sunny room for • 'men; gas,
bath, running water.
ELLIS, 321 (RoeedaJe H<wise>-»Nlce rooms, 2", c
a night, il a week u;>: reading room.
ni.LIS, 31S— Fine suite and other large rooms, [
elegantly furnished. . ;
EXCELSIOR Houw, 39 Turk. cor. Taylor— j
mar.Rt.: junny front bay-wind, rm?. ; trans' nt. |
IiKARY, 405 (The Xavarre)— Comfortable turn. j
rooms; travelers accommodated. ■.':.- HYER.
OEARY. s>— Elegant suite parlors, suitable for
•i^ntlst or physician; other rms. ; piano ; phone.
GEARY, 736. near L#avenworth— Two neatly
furnished rooms. $4 and $3 monthly; bath.
■;p.AND SOUTHERN -Southeast cor. Seventh |
ani Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or |
eir.sie; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator, i
HAIGHT 10S— Sunny furnished front room; |
p. --. fath or grate: lor 2 gentlemen. j
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $8 per week. ,
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur- .
rHsheii; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD m— Furnished room's from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
iIoWAU b~ Tl 44— N ice - ,r.ny eultes; running
water: reasonable; permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD; ~jln A— Day-window front room, i
rnn:iy pMe. niceiy furnished: 1 or 2 gents.
HUGHES HOUSE * 214 TMrd— Newly renovated; |
25c to.:/*; night; $150 to $3 per week.
LEAVENWOFITH. 517— Single sunny furnished
room f'>r a ;.-<-nt!eman: $5 per m.,r.th.
MARKET, 1820 <Las Palmas)— Suite of 2 or 3
rm»,; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional. j
MISSION; 52T.4— Handsomely furnished newly-
papered sunny bay-window front room. |
•NEWPORT." 21 ■ -ankli». nr. Market— Larj;e !
l;;iy-win. rms. and Flngle, $5 up; also hskpg.
NINTH. 20. near Market— Front bay-window
suite: housekeeping or not; gag, water; $11. j
<j FARRELL. 20— Sur.ny furnished rooms and ;
offices: elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POWELL. 317 (formerly ■mot Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
P.O YA L Hous*. 12« Bills at.— lncandescent
light reading room, smoking room and ladles' .
',ar!or; room*, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 ■
to $*; month. $8 to $30: elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. I
EFVENTH, 262— Nicely furnished rooms; sunny j
a!I day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment- House. 2S Bl*hth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOP hunting furnished rooms; get list free. I
Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny st.
THE Heath. 312 Eddy at.— First-class rooms i
and board; hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THE Oaks, 113 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Piedmont m9A Sixth st.)— Sunny bay-
window rooms, double or single; rent low.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
THIRD, 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up. *
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week;
also single rooms for men.
TURK. 836- Handsomely furnished modern al-
cove room; overlooking Jefferson Square; sun
all day. ■■ -
VALENCIA. 117— Nicely furnished front room.
BEWIXG .MACHINES VXD SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, soM. exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rate?. 203 Fourth st.
SPECIAJIi NOTICES.
SPECIAL notice— Xotice is hereby given that
the transfer books of THE BANK OF CALI-
FORXIA will be closed on SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 30. 1899, -it noon, and will reopen on
MONDAY. October 16. ISM. upon which latter
date certificates for new shares will be ready
for delivery. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. ALLEX M. CLAY. Secretary-
ODD FELLOWS' Cemetery Association— The
annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MONDAY.
September 25. ISS9. at 2 p. m. at the office of
the association. Point Lobos aye., for the
election of Trustees, etc By order of the
Trustees. GEORGE T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEORGE PEXLIXGTON. Secretary.
NICE private home In confinement: most rea-.
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfelffer, mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom. nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS, MS Market St., office 2—
New discovery for rheumatism; also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE. _ stalls, $25; -water free. 2630 _ls-
slon st. ____________________________________^ - .
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 23.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powell; te'.. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
UKIAH— I2 rooms and 2 stores; cheap. Call at
514 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. ■
$1530 WILL build modern 5-room cottage: $2100
a 6-room cottage, with large lot, bay front,
near Chestnut st., on Clinton aye. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park 6t.
SNAP— New House. 8 rooms and bath; lot 60*
150: good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let— New house, 7 rooms and bath; rent
$16 50. 21C3 Clement aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange in beautiful Berkeley, 2 whole
blocks cf perfectly level land, about 2400 front
feet; street work all dons and only 1 block
from railroad station; no mortgage: value
$85,000: will exchange for business property
in San Francisco.
Apply JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
NEAR the University: 2 uses, well rented;
lot 150x135: street work done-; cash value K000;
mortgage $3S00; will take ranch for equity.
Apply JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
A VERY handsome residence, near the Uni-
versity: now rented for ISO monthly^ will ex-
C ha- - equity (about $4000) for residence
property in San Francisco,
Apply Jos. J. MASON, Real Estate,
" Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
2-STORY house; 7 ■ ms and bath; 2 bay-
windows; hot and co.d water: wooden man-
tels: stationary tubs; brick foundation: 3
block? from railway station, schools, church
and electric-cars: price $11*0; only $150 cash.
Kiiar.ee Sl4 monthly: lot 40x100: this prop-
erty Is cheap at $2000; take Berkeley train.
get' r!T at Lorln station, ask for RUDOLPH
& PERKIXS; office open Sundays and even-
lnss. ; _____
MODERX cottage, almost new; 3 large rooms,
bath and pantry; bay-window?: S-foot base-
ment all floored: stationary washtrays; hot
and cold water: lot 40x127: price 1900: only
$K0 cash, l.nlance {12 monthly: 3 blocks from
school, railroad station, churches, stores and
electric-car?: chance at a lifetime to get a
good home cheap. Take Berkeley train, get
off at Lorin station, ask for RUDOLPH ,v
PERKIXS; office open Sundays and evenings.
FOR ALE— Fine residence site; corner Vine
and Spruce, bet. Vine and Cedar, Xorth
Berkeley: outlook on bay: very desirable for
home- garden, orchard; any amount. Terms,
owner. HEMEXWAY. 151S Spruce.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pare?. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
t->sSO— COST $4000; finest cottage at Lorln sta-
*tion- S rooms; double kitchen and dining
room: porcelain bath: cement tubs; 2 toilets;
eleeant mantels: china closet; fine Interior
and exterior finish: observatory ; finished
basement; inside stairway; extra built 2
years ago by S. F. merchant: lot 50x135;
choice shrubberies; chicken-houses; barn;
close to - F. local station and electric cars;
a sacrl £ A e^. J m^^- t CE e real ESTATE CO..
460-4152 Eighth st.. Oakland.
j»6,Xi_ \N up-to-date new house of 7 rooms:
'built by day's work; hou?e cost over $2000;
very convenient; |800 down: lot 43x140 feet;
cannot be duplicated in Oakland In this loca-
tion. Owner. E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway,
Oakland.
... HOTEL
" »VioO— Hotel of 30 rooms In the best paying
country town in the State; large lot; easy
terms. E. E. BUNCE, '■•" v Broadway, Oakland.
j32 r -0 — STTXI CASH; a snap; 6 minutes' walk to
narrow-gauge: new house; choice location.
Address WILLIAM P. TODD. 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. __________
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET,
HANDSOME, residence, 9 rooms, bath; bam; 589
24th. Inquire R. Frank", 1622 Grove; rent low.
O\KI.AM> FIKMTI'RK FOR SALE.
AlTintroduction to you from H. ScheUhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TTTVTnENITNOTICE— Dividend No. 97 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market at., on and after Mon-
day October 2, IK<9. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday. September 26. «H. at 3 o'clock
cm E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
~~~ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for tools, materials, scientific ln-
«trur.ients bcoks and office furniture for the
United States refrigerating and ice-making
plant. Manila. P. I -Office of the officer In
charge room 507, Pullman building, Chicago,
111 «'eptemb*:r 7. IS<<9. Sealed proposals In
triDliCPte for furnishing and delivering above
articles in gceclfied Quantities will be re-
ceived here until 3 o'clock p. m., September
is 1553 Bidders will quote prices for deliv-
ery at place of manufacture at Chicago. 111.,
and at San Francisco, Cal. For Information
and lists of material to be furnished apply
at the office of the Depot Quartermaster, San
Francisco. Cal. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked "Proposals for Tools
an.l Materials for U. S. Refrigerating and Ice-
making Plant. Manila. P. 1.," addressed to
MAJOR LEON S. ROUDIEZ. Q. M., U. S.
V and should be mailed -in San Francisco
not later than Saturday evening, September
23. 15*?. •
' Builders' Contracts.
Enterprise Brewing Company, owners, with
Adam Berk, contractor; architect, H. Geilfuss.
Excavations, concrete and brick work for a
one-story brick boiler and engine house on the
F side of Folsom street, 200 6 of Sixteenth, 8
MB E 245 X 55. W £2. X 70. W 195: $3079.
Same owners with Otto Schrader. contractor;
architect same. Castiron and steel construc-
tlons for same on same; 51694.
MfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flansagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALiIERS,
10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln. School.
' Telephone South SO. ;
X F. Dethlefsen. v Chas. H. Jacob.
CIIAS. il- JACOBS CO- ££_£ *?£
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
ers. 318 Mason street, bet. Geary and
O'Farrell streets. Telephone Main 5213.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1899.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as fololws:
John A. Sandeli and Amelia C. Peterson — 35-19
Patrick Connelly and Susie Gallagher 35-25
BIRTHS— MARRIA-ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by j
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed i
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the nam* and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CHRISTEXSEX— In this city, S«Dtember 20.
1899, to the wife of John P. Christenaen. a
son.
HADLEY— In this city. September 22, 1599. to
the wife of "W. D. Hadley, a daughter. ■
LOWNEY— In this city. September 12. 1599, to
the wife of J. E. Lowney, a daughter. .
MURRAY— In this city. September 15, 1599, to
the wife of George T. Murray, a daughter.
PLESS— In this city, September 21, 1399. to the
wife of Dr. F. G. Pless. a son.
MARRIED.
FAZAKERLEY— STOWE- In this city. Septem-
ber 19, 1599, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford,
Ernest J. Fazakerley of San Francisco and
Genevra R. Stowe of Santa Cruz.
JENIGEX— HANKE— this city. September
19, 1599, by the Rev. Hermann Gerjrcke. Oscar
R. Jenigen and Helen Hanke. both of San
Francisco.
STEXZh-OBERLEITER— In this city. Septem- I
ber 21. ISS9. by the Rev. Dr. E. . Nelander,
Charles F. Stem of San Francisco and Mar-
garet Oberlelter of Plttsburg. Pa.
_____
"died.
Bambauer. Charles L. Kennedy, ■William
Barber Lyman C. Klndsman, Theodore
Brown Elizabeth M. Koch. Anita T. B.
Buck, Anna M. B. Kordmeyer, George
Castlen. Marie J. Lawson, Charles S.
Chesney, Teresa Lown«»y. Mary
Cllne, William McQuestln, Mary
Cohn, Jenny Mahone, Jay R.
Connelly, John Moore. Catherine
Courtney, Frank J. O'Brien. John
Dulclch, Lulgi Peyser, Henry
Elben. Dorathea A. Slvers. Charles L.
Evans, Harlow Smith. Edith A.
Flanigan. William J. Smith. Saml. J.
Gannon, Peter J. Stanly. John A.
Gillie, Julia A. C. Strom, Mamie E.
Hogan, Mary G. Weisgerber, Theresa
i BAMBAUER— In this city. September 22, 1599,-
Charles L., beloved husband of George Bam-
baser, a native of California, aged 37 years j
3 months and 13 days.
BARBER— In Portland, Or., September 14, 1599,
Lyman Conrad, only son of Lyman H. and ;
Ella Barber, a native of San Francisco, aged
I years and 5 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence j
of his parents, 1152 Shotwel! street. Interment |
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BROWX— In this city, September 22. 1399,
Elizabeth M., wife of the late Charles F. ;
Brown, and sister of Mrs. Alice Hlgson, Mrs. j
J A McPh«rsor. of Golden Gate, Cal.. and ;
E. H. Haughton, a native of Nantucket,
Mass . aged 45 years 3 months and 20 days.
:_*Frier.ds arid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence j
of Mrs. A. Hlgson. 1522 Webster street. In- .
| terment Masonic Cemetery.
i BUCK— In ' Oakland, September 22, 1599, Anna ;
M Bellows, widow of L. W. Buck, mother of ,
Frank H . Fred M. and Emma L. Buck. Mrs.
J. B. Cory and Mrs. J. C. S. Akerly, and sis-
ter of Mrs. M. J. Eddy. Mrs. Helen M. Olney
and Henry J. Bellows, a native of Seneca j
Falls, X. T., aged 65 years.
(^.-•Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1.30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 923 Adeline street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
; CASTLEX— In this city. September 22. 1599, j
Marie Juliette Castlen, only and dearly be- I
loved daughter of Mrs. B. I. Salomon, and
sister of E. B. and J. G. Castlen, a native of ,
I Georgia.
CT Xotice of funeral hereafter.
< CHESNEY— this city, September 20, 1599.
Teresa, dearly beloved wife of Andrew Ches- .
r .-. v mother of Raymond Chesney daughter
of M. J. and the late Mary Farrell. and sis-
ter of Emma A. Farrell, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 7 months and 20 j
days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2576 Folsom street, thence to St. Peter
church, Alabama street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated. for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
CLINE— In the City and County Hospital, Sep- ]
tember 22. 189», William Cllne, a native of j
Germany, aged 63 years.
COHX— In Xapa. September 20, 1599. Jenny, be-
loved wife of Gabriel Cohn, and mother of
Mrs. M. Arendt and Pearl, Lillian. Max. Ga- ;
briel. Charles, Seth, Julius and Arthur Cohn, j
aged '■'.' years.
IC-7" Interment private.
CONNELLY— Saratoga, Cal.. September 20, I
1599. John, beloved husband of the late Jane
Connelly, father of Sarah F. Connelly, and
brother of Mrs. K. Redmon. a native of New i
Brunswick, X J., aged Rl years 4 months j
and 12 days. (Newark. N. J., papers please
copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the under- i
: taking parlors of Henry J. Gallagher, 20 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for;
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I COURTNEY— this city. September C 1399,
Frank John Courtney, dearly beloved hus-
band of Kittle Courtney, beloved father of
Ruth. Frank Jr., Alice and the late Law-
rence 1,. Courtney, son of Lawrence and Ha-
norah. Courtney, and brother of Joseph. Wil-
liam, Alphonsis and Thomas Courtney and l
; Mrs. D. Courtney and Mrs. Thomas Steel of
Alameda, a native of Fort Wayne, Ind., aged
! 32 years 11 months and 28 days. A member !
of Western Addition Camp Xo. 306. W. of W.
(Fort Wayne. Ind., papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 249 Perry street, between Fourth and 1
Fifth, thence to St. Rose's Church, Brannan '
street, near Fourth, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
e<->ul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment ;
Holy Cross Cemetery.
I TO the officers and members of "Western Addi- j
j tion Camp No. 306. W. of W.— Neighbors: You
are hereby notified to meet to-morrow (Sun- j
day), at § o'clock, at 243 Perry street, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth, for the purpose, of '
attending the funeral of our late neighbor, i
Frank John Courtney. By order of the Con- !
; sul Commander. S. F. DE ROCO, Clerk.
DULCICH— In Oakland. September 22, IS?9,
Lulgi. beloved husband of Catharine Dulclch.
a native of Austria, aged 70 years 8 months ,
I and 21 days.
EIBEX— In this city, September 20. 1599. Dora-
thea A., dearly beloved wife of Henry J. i
Eiben. and mother of Henry Jr., Caroline and I
Theodore Eiben. a native of Helde. Holstein.
Germany, aged 53 years 10 months and S days. '
(CyFrlend3 and acquaintances are respect- •
j fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi- !
I dence, 668 McAllister street, between Frank-
| lin and Gough. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
i tery.
EVANS— In this city, September 22, UN. Har- i
low Evans, beloved father of Mrs. vV_ G. j
Copeland and Homer L. Evans, a native of !
Harmony, Me., aged 71 years 6 months and j
25 days.
ET'Xotice of funeral hereafter.
FLAXIGAN— In this city. September 20, 1599, !
William J. Flanigan. member of Company A. i
Thirteenth Minnesota .Regiment Volunteers, I
I eldest and beloved son of the late William P. I
and Mary Flanigan. and brother of Thomas i
P. Flanlgan. Mrs. Charles Euros, Miss Belle
Flanigan, Mrs. Xewton Depuy, Charles H.
Flanigan, Mrs. William Seidel, Robert and
the late Frank J. Flanlgan. a native of Ken-
i tucky, aged 3S years and 3 months.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors I"
I of H. F.-Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be- !
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri- ,
■ vate at National Cemetery. Presidio. -
GANNON— this city, September 22, 1599, .
Peter Joseph Gannon, beloved eon of Wil- !
liam and Elizabeth Gannon, a native of San *
Francisco, aged 7 rears 1 month and 21 days. J
GILLIE— In this city. September 22, 1899. Julia ;
A. Cronkhile Gillie, wife of John A. Gillie, I
and mother of Mrs. Addie Eicholz, a native i
of Massachusetts, aged 68 years.
' HOGAN— In this city, September 22, 1599, Mary j
I Gertrude, beloved wife of Martin C. Hogan. '
mother of Man- G. and Sarah C. Hoean ami j
the late Nellie and Alice Hogan, daughter of j
Michael Hdgan, and ulster of John and James j
*H«*an a native of Oswea:o, N. V.. aged 37 i
years 7 months and 24 days. (Oswego, N. V., i
papers please copy.)
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
j fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi- i
dence "212 Fourteenth street, between Mls-
eicn and Howard, thence to St. Charles Bor-
romeo's Church, corner Eighteenth and Bhot-
■well streets, for services. Interment Mount
i Calvary Cemetery-
KENNEDY— In this city. September 21, 1599,
William Kennedy, beloved son of Mrs. Ken-
nedy, a native of San Francisco, aged 31
years.
(r^r Friends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Sunday), at I o'clock, from Theo. Dlerks" '
undertaking establishment. 957 Mission street. |
KINDSMAN— In the City and County Hospital. :
September 22. KM, Theodore Kindsman, a
native of Germany. a«*d M years.
KOCH— In this city, September 2L ISM, Anita
: T B beloved wife of Ignacius Koch, mother
i of Robert Koch, and beloved daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. William Tetter, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, Ml Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore j
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be ;
celebrated for the repose of -her soul, com- |
mencing at 10 o'clock. .
KORDMEYER— In this city. September 23, 1499,
George Kordmeyer, a native of Germany.
(C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
-1 dence, 1718 Sacramento street.
: LAWSON— In this City. September 18, ISB9,
Charles 6., beloved husband of Jane A. Law-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 56 years and 2
months. . ' • ' .
| (CTFriends and acquaintances and comrades
of James A. Garfleld Post No. 34 and com- |
rades of the G. A. R-. also members of kin- !
dred associations, are respectfully Invited to
attend the funeral from Garfleld Post rooms.
114 O'Farrell street, to-morrow (Sunday), at
1:30 o'clock. Interment National Cemetery,
Presidio.
LOWNEY— In this city, September 12, 1599.
Mary, infant daughter of J. E. and K. G.
Lowney, a native of California.
McQVBSTEN— In Alameda, September 22, 1899,
Mary, mother of Dr. C. A. and Emma T.
McQuesten. a native of Maine, aged 91 years )
and 8 months.
K7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
MAHONE— In this city, September 22, 1599. Jay :
R. Mahone, a native of New York, aged 32 :
years 2 months and 15 days. (New York pa- :
pers please copyJ
[□fFrienls and acquaintances are respect- j
fully lnvltei to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Hal-ted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment f
Masonic Cemetery.
MOORE— In Oakland. September 20. 1599. Cath- :
erine, wife of the late Martin Moore, a na- I
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 58 j
CTThe funeral will take place this day :
(Saturday) at 1:45 o'clock, from the parlors ;
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. :
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services at .
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery-
O'BRIHN— In this city, September 22. 1899,
John beloved husband of the late Mary
O'Brien, father of Mrs. C. J. Sullivan and
John. Martin and the late Maggie O'Brien,
brother of Michael. Austin and the lute Pat- ,
rick and Darby O'Brien, and grandfather of
Robert Sullivan and James O'Brien, a na- ,
tlve of Ireland. A member of A. ,O. H. No. 3. \
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PEYSER— In this city, September 21. 1599. ,
Henry, beloved husband of Bertha Peyser,
and father of Mrs. Pauline Jacobs and Eva
P»yser, a native of Krotochin, Prussia, aged ■
69 years A member of California Lodge No. j
1 I O O. F. ; Golden Gate Lodge No. 8, A.
0 U W • Golden State Council No. 545,
A. L. ot H.; Exempt Firemen and Chebra,
Achim Rachmor.ina.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
tally invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o 'clock, from his late resl- i
(Jenco. 322 Clementina street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Hal! for services. Interment Salem
Cemetery-
SHELLEY— In this city. September 22, 1599. j
Thomas Shelley, beloved husband of Kate
Shelley, and father of William and Lizzie
Shelley, a native of Halifax, Nova Scotia,
aged H years.
SIVERS— In this city, September H. 1899, j
r*harles Leslie, Infant son of John H. and .
Winifred E- Sivers. and grandeon of George j
R. and Joanna Fletcher, a native of San j
Francisco, aged 1 year and 4 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
CSaturday). at 2:30 o'clock, at the chapel in
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. September 21. 1899, Edith
Augusta Smith, daughter of W. D. L. F. and
Mary R. Smith, and sister of Mrs. Ada E.
Eganhoff and W. H.. Florence L. and George |
F. Smith, a native of Oregon, aged 21 years
2 months and 4 days.
SMlTH— September 13, IS?9, Saml. Jas. Smith,
late of Plumas Co.. youngest son of the late
John and Anna Smith, and brother of Wm.
5 and Robt. M. Smith and Mrs. Wm.
and Mrs. David Linden, native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 38 years.
(CTFuneral will take place Saturday, Sep-
tember 23 at 2 r. m.. from the residence of
his sister. Mrs. Wm. Linden. 359 Jersey street,
near Castro. Interment private.
STAXLY— In Oakland, at his residence. 12C1
Jackson street. September 22, 1599. John A.
Stanly, a native of Xorth Carolina. (New
York "and North Carolina papers please copy.)
ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral tO«morrow (Sunday), at i
o'clock, from St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
Oakland. Interment private.
STROM— In this city, September 21, 1599, Mamla
E., dearly beloved wife of Christian Strom,
beloved daughter of Mary Johnson, and sis-
ter cf Andrew and Dora Plate, a native of j
San Mateo, Cal.. aged 27 years 7 months and
6 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. IS2& Ellis street. Interment M;:s«xiic j
•cry.
wr.l.-'IERBER— In this city, September 21.
Theresa Ann. beloved wife of William
Weisgerber. a native of San Rafael, QftL, :
aged 32 years 2 months and 23 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resl-
der.ee. SlO Webster street. Interment Laurel
Will Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E E Buckleton. N J C J Miller, Chicago
C J Smith. Boston J P Hitchcock. L A
J B Ferguson. Ky H Ilotherham, Mcl-
C V Street, Ky j bourne
M J Farrell, Gr Valley jW G Nevin, Los Ang
C B Reade, Denver jJ Allen, Sydney
A Karnunke. Germany Q V Ives. England
C C Mclvor. S Jose jG Cookson, England
R E Ross, Los •£ E W Locke. London
A F Vicroy, Denver I Mrs Ef W Locke. Lon-
Mrs D Morgan, Colo j don
Mrs F Btasburger. O W J Xoedham. Sydney
G J Cat*, Pt Louis .HE Thelbolson, Llver-
S I'llmann. X York ! pool
C Weir, Los Angeles It H Burns, 'Williams,
E M Ross. Los Ang I C
Mrs X M Ross, L Ang I A Donald, Glasgow
C S Shank. Seattle |P Tiaschi. Sydney
Mrs W Garland, LA A Wilson, Sydney
O Garland. Los Ang A G Robinson, Ky
V H Hyde, St Louis TV H Hamilton. X T
Mrs W H Hyde. Mo C A Canfield. Oil City
S Moderow, Berlin C H Jones. Or
A G Grant, New York W A Brown. B Mateo
J F Strankel. X York Mrs W A Brown, San i
Mrs J F Strankel. X Y| Mateo
Mrs D Morrison. X V A H McKay, Los Ang
E A Howard, S Jose W \V Bush, I' S X
Mrs E A Howard, San N B Bolter, Mont
Jose IP M Del Rio. Mexico
R A Vose. lowa 'Mrs P M Del Rio. Mcx .
Mrs R A Vose. lowa I Miss Palmer, Mexico
W G Cutler, U S N F O Carmack. Mo
W P Pratt. USA |
GRAND HOTEL.
S L "Wllholt. Stockton I A M Schneider. Wash
*. Schumacher, Los A M Franklin, X V
5 S Hall, Sacto jMlss Browne, Chicago
H Flood, X V H J Wilson, Butte
O G Hamill & w. X V C E Glafke & w. L A
J V." Myers & w, Mllw Mrs A Frlnk. S Jose
B Macdonald, P Alto W S Head, Prescott
J J Francis. St Louis . B Bldwell. Red Bluff ;
J S Sanderson, Cal J R Sangenaur & fam. !
W J Hall, Sacto j Woodland
J Dorn, San Jose Pr G H Flett, McCld :
J E Veagey. Cal L i: Aubury, Los Ang :
W H Leeman. Sacto H D Till. X C
C M Macon. Sacto F C Nichols. Xcv
F Flint, Sacto G L Ernst. Germany
I. E Neergaard. Prtlnd A H Dougherty. Livrm
J P Cull, Los Ang . lEmma Smith, Lievrmr ;
R C Johnston, S Jose W E Dodd. Butte ■
J Davis S Modca G W Pierec, Daviaon
O W Fox, Carson 1 C Hall. Redlands
G Court wright. USA F Fisher, Calistoga !
M W Peters, USA I Mrs J Farnham, Sacto
Mips Schofteld, L Ang (Mrs Culver & d, Milton
T Clark, Placervtlle Mrs Mafra &s, Nev C
B Parlow & w. I'lacrvl Spencer, London, En i
X Bunker & w, XewmiMrs Foster, Oakland
Mrs J O'Toole. Kern C R R Foster, . Oakland
Mamie O'Toole, KernCH Harris, lone
XEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G'Saunders, Rochester J L Clifton Sacto
G W Condon & w, Cal P A Madden, Fresno
F J Schultz &w. Cal Q Smart. Idaho
E W Canady, Gridley IF Hansen, Cal
Mr- Wester, Oakdale L Gundersen, Portland
G Wilmes, Vallejo J Moore, Sacto
J Warneke, Nebraska L Balimkl, Pan Jose
T Jensen, Vallejo .J Brant, San Jcse
B Etein, Oakdale C F Maloney. Cklah
S E Ballard. X V H H Lash, Riverside
H Williams, Los Ang ,
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 10.
I , si. j
THE STOCK MARKET.
«■- ■ » ■
Securities were quiet on the morning session. |
Hutchtnson Plantation -was higher at at $30 25^
@31, and Giant Powder ran down from $74 76 to
$74 25.
On the afternoon call Giant Powder ' ad
vanced to $73 36 and Onomea to $40. Hutchln
son sold at $30 62 1-2, and Makawell declined to
$48 50.
Mining stocks were quiet and Irregular, some I
being firm and others weak. The telegram
from the pump said: "At 6:30 this morning the i
water was S3 feet 8 Inches below the 1550-foot !
level Station. The elevator has been running \
continuously."
Oceanic Steamship wfll pay a dividend of 50c j
October 2.
Best & Belcher Is assessed 20c.
The ore shipments by rail from mines of Eu
reka district. Nev., for the past week were as
follows: Cyanide, 43.330; Diamond, 67,030; Eu
reka Con.. 107,110; Eureka Tunnel, 45.510; Hel
en 1550; Jackson, 64,850; Richmond, 149,430; ;
Richmond Furnace, 30,530. White Pine County I
— Rocco-Homestake, 146.300; Matson. 28,740 lbs. I
The report from the Standard Consolidated ,
mine of Bodle for the week ending September !
16 states that the south drift in the Bullion :
vein, on the 200 level, showed a pillar of good :
ore in the bottom. In the south drift. In No. ;
10 vein. 380 level, the vein was small, with no ;
signs of further good ore. In the north drift, i
on the 450 level, there was a little good. ore in :
a Ktreak. Raise 1, Fortuna vein. 552 level, had
9 inches of very good ore. Raise 2. same vein ■
and level, had 10 Inches of very pood ore. The
north drift, on the 700 level, had 6 Inches of ;
promising vein, but of poor quality, as yet. ■
The stuping of ore had been continued In the
Moyle, East, ew, Security, o. 10, Maguire and ■
Fortuna ledges, as heretofore, and also the
email stones in C, CD and E veins. The values
of the ore extracted from No. 10 and Fortuna '
veins were particularly high, with a little good j
ore from the Maguirtj vein. At the mill.
277^ tons of ore were crushed for the week;
average assay of vanner tailings. $9 3S. Con
centrates produced. 1 ton; assay value, $205 IS.
Plate amalgam produced. 1342 troy ounces;
value per ounce. $2 64. Tailings plant No. 1
treated 76 tons of tailings for the week. Plant
No. 2 treated 201 tons tailings.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Sept. 23— p. m.
Bid.Ask. ■ Bid.Ask. i
r E Bonds— - Mutual El Co. 15 Vi 15% •
is quar c0up.. 1124 — O G L & H.. 49 50 i
4s quar reg.... — . — Pac Gu Imp. — 66% .
Is quar new... — 131 Vi pac L Co 414 43
Is quar coup.. — — SF G & E:... 65% — :
Miscellaneous— Ban Fran 34 3%
Cal-Bt Cab 58.117 — Stockton Gas.. 12 — ,
C C Wat 6«... — 109 I Insurance-
Ed L& P 65. .130 — Flrem's Fund. 22s — :
F& Cl Ry 6s. 114 — . Bank Stocks— :
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal .... 66 —
HC * 8 6%5.107% — Bank of C*I..JM — :
LA Ry 55....105% — Cal SD & T.. — 98 j
LA LCo 65.. 99 - 'First Nationl.. - 146 \
Do gntd «s.. 99 - Lon P&■ A... .1284 - •
Do gntd ssN— 100 M * r Exchange—' 1« .
Harket-Et 65...12«4 — y er at 8k. .1324190
. Do Ist M ss. 114*, — j Savings Banks—
SCX G R 75.112 - loer 8& L 1850 -
S 5 °S £ i f ßll .71,', Hnm s & L.1050 1160
.\ Rof o*l0 * 1 58. - , 1154 Mut Sair Bk. 40 42%
NPC R R 1054 - S F Bay U....800 615
NPC R R 56.107 1074 fa* A L So. - «2%
N Cal 11 R 55. 11 l — | ec Say Bk _ 310
DGL&HSa.IOS - 'union T Co . 1400 1440
Oak Trans 65. 11114111 street Railroads—
OmCRy 66 128 130 California ....120 -
P & Cl Ry 65. 108 — Geary 50 —
Pk & O D 65.116 " Market-it".... 824 «2*
Powell-st R6s IIS - Oak S L 4 H. - SO
Sac El G&Rss — — Presidio 16
BF& M P 113*1184 "owner-
i £ & PrfYP-V&J 3 ** CaHftrnlT ....150 165
S 5 ? t C ?' 6s - *- E Dynamite... 85 -
S P of A 65.... — 113 lart con Co 734 —
5 P C Cs(ISO6).UO% - v.torit 2H 2%.
6 P c 8s(1906). - 114% ■ H^-ar-l * *
B|C 6 5 (1912J - 1214 Ha^ a a p C 0.... j« v
IT> Hr '«? 4 i!fi- Haw C4S Co 964 -
I rl.t«;"'in« Hutch S P Co. 30% 31
I X'^it is"lM - Kilauea S Co.. - 29
I siV<M™i}m'iM Makawell SC. 4S>4 49
l.w S^" J)1O1V4102 Onomea SC. 39% 39H
& Wate?"»MtaKT " Paauhau S Co 37% 37%
Cont a m r c O - fa k8 72 73 & i J^^STSwiia
Marin County. 50 - |A 1™; Assn. -^W"
•Sj?Jnfe2S?« Oceafc F rCo: S8 T,
g^ri 1 n co m m 1 Sot i :i^ M!%
Eqult GL. Co. 4»i 5 Par Paint Co. s4 -
Morning Session.
Board— . -• --
5 Giant Powder Con — •••• i* Li
5 Giant Powder Con '--Ik
10 Giant Powder Con - 'i *»
35 Hana Plantation Co - « .
10 Hutchinson S P Co *£ f£
50 Hutchinson S P Co inliu.
70 Hutchineon S P Co f, £r*
5 Hutchinson S P Co *1 TO
5 Hutchinson d P Co ..-• * £
120000 Los Aneeles Ry os bonds 1M ■
425 Makaweii h. j2
ISO Paauhau S P Co %> ™
2 Spring Valley Water •• J«J "
1500 United States 3 per cent bonds 108 50
Afternoon . Session.
Board „ „
140 Giant Powder Con l~ Vlu.
100 Giant Powder Con s 90 .' i? 1-4
200 Hutchinson 8 P Co 30 62%
210 Makawell Susrar Co « -o
40 Makaweii Sugar Co « 0?
10 Makawell Sugar Co « To
10 Makawell Sugar Co « 50
DO Market-street Railway Co «2 oO
12000 Oakland Transit Co, 6 per cent Ul 50
30 Onomea Sugar Co 39 62%
80 Paauhau S P Co 3, J«%
tIOOO S F and N P Ry bonds. 113 oO
125 S F Gas and Electric Co 65 50
15 Spring Valley Water 10100
Street—
65 Giant Powder Con <| 00
HUM X P C R R 5 per cent bonds 107 2o
20 Onomea Sugar Co ■"> 00
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Contra Costa Water 74 50
• 20 Giant Powder Con 74 75
$2000 Loe Angeles Ry 5s 10S 25
50 Mutual Electric Co 15 37',
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric 65 62%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Giant Powder Con 74 75
20 Giant Powder Con 74 «24
«5 Mutual Electric Co 15 50
M Makawell Sugar Co 49 50
50 Maknweli Sugar Co 49 624
DO Makawell Sugar Co 49 75
40 Onomea Sugar Co 39 624
25 Hutchinson S P Co 30 25
20 Hutchinson S P Co 30 374
MS F Gas' and Electric €5 «2%
10 S F Gas and Electric 65 75 ;
10 S F Gas and Electric 65 874
20 Spring Valley Water 10175
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
EOO Alta 05 i 500 Hale & N0r.... 32
200 Belcher 28 ' 500 Overman 17 i
100 Best & Belcher 47 000 Potost 55 I
100 Caledonia 62 ! 100 Savage 31
700 ChoUar 45 100 Union Con 44
600 Ch 'liar 44 400 Utah 14
10") Con Cal & Va..l 70 I
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 27 \ 500 Gould & Curry. 2<?
500 Best & Belcher 43; ir.n Ophtr 119
100 Caledonia 67 1 200 Overman 19
200 Caledonia 6Si 200 Potosi 53
200 Chollar 43 100 Union Con 42
300 Chollar 42 ( 100 Yellow Jacket. B
100 Crown Point... 20
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 14 200 Hale & N0r.... 32
500 Belcher 2Sj 200 Overman IS;
200 Belcher 23: 300 Overman 17
200 Best & Belcher 48 1 1800 Potosl So
200 Best & Belcher 47 400 Savage 3i>
200 Best & Belcher 46 j 400 Savage 31'
400 Chollar 44 200 Seg Belcher.... 04 ,
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 44! 186 Con Cal & Va..l 65 I
, 200 Best & Belcher 43 100 Ophir 110
1 150 Caledonia 6<5 400 Potosi 53
100 Challenge Con. 32 ! 200 Sierra Nevada. 76
1500 Chollar 42
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. September 22.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 97 Justice- 08 09 ,
Alta 03 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 13 15; Lady Wash 01 02 ;
1 Belcher 2»5 Mexican 46 47
Best & Belcher 42 43 Occidental 23 25
Bullion 05 07 Ophir 110 115 1
1 Caledonia 67 69 Overman IS. 19 '
Chollar 41 42jPotosl ; 52 53
Challenge Con. 31 33 I Savage 23 30
Confidence 72 75 Scorpion 03 — !
Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 70'Seg Belcher.... — 04
Con Imperial... 01 021 Sierra Nevada. 76 77
Crown Point... 19 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 02 Standard 305 — |
, Eureka C0n.... — 50 Syndicate — 07
! Exchequer 02 OS St Louis 07 —
- Gould & Curry. 26 27! Union Con 41 42
Hale & N0r.... 30 31 ! Utah 13 14
Julia — 02 i Yellow Jacket.. 28 29
» ♦
Sun, Moon and Tide.
*_ — . : ♦
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High an.l Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23.
Sun rises 8:69
Sun sets ._..... 6:05
Moon rises...., 5:35 p. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives, the second tide of
the dar, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
plven are in addition to the soundings oa the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
♦ — ♦
Steamer Movements.
» ♦
to arrive.
TO CALL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, September 23.
Strar Zealandla, Dowdell. 30 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 21 days, "via Yokohama 17
days.
Stmr State of California, Green 55 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Point Arena. Harsen. 11 hours from :
Mendocino, etc.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 85 hours from ■,
Ventura.
Stmr ' Maripoea, Hayward, 28 days 12 hours ]
from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 10H hours.
Stmr Progreso, Gllboy, S2 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 20 hours from West
port.
Schr Prosper, Brandman, 29 days from Bris
tol Bay.
Schr Charles E Falk, Brown. 7 days from
Wlllar>a Harbor. •
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. 24 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jansen, 24 hours from
Stewarts Point,
CLEARED.
Friday, September 22.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gage, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Good all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Br ship Springbura, Rae, London; G W Mc-
Near.
SAILED.
Friday, September 22.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson. Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Noycs Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
.Sequoia, Thwing. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, .
Stmr Navarro, Hlggins, Usal.
Tug Wizard. Olsen. San Pedro.
Bktn Jane A Falklnburg. Marden, Port Had
lock.
Schr Ida McKay. Lehtold, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bella, Smith, Siuslaw River.
Schr Newark, Beck. Rockport.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 22, 10 p Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Zealandia— Sept 13, lat 39 42 N. lon
135 22 W, Br ship Sardomene, from Hamburg,
for San Francisco; all well; ship was be
calmed.
Per Pilot boat America— Sept 21, 4 miles SW
of Heads, schr James A Oarft>!d, from Coos
Bay, for San Francisco; anchored.
Per stmr Ruth— Sept 21, lat SS 81 N. lon
123 27 W— Schr Prosper, from Bristol Bay, for
San Francisco.
DISASTER. .
HONOLULU, Sept is— Bark Coallnga, from
New York, went aground near the harbor chan
nel on the night of the 12th and remained fast
for thirteen hours. The combined efforts of
the V S stmr Iroquois and tug Eleu hauled the
vessel into deep water, and now she is riding
at anchor in the bay; damages nominal.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sept 22— Stmr Humboldt.
from Dyea: ship C F Sargent, hence Sept 11.
Sailed Sept 22— Bark Harry Morse, for San
Francisco.
Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Humboldt, for Alaska.
REDONDO— SaiIed Sept 22— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for San Francisco: schr Abble, for Caspar.
Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Newburg, from Santa
Barbara.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Sept 21— bark
Japan, from Pisco, and not bark Pactolus, as
reported yesterday.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sept 21— Schr Al
calde, for San Pedre; bktn Quickstep, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Sept 21— Schr Neptune, hence Sept 1.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Columbia,
hence Sect 20.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Pomona,
hence Sept 21.
Palle.l Sept 22— Stmr Tillamook, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sept 22— Bark Car
onJelet,- from Tai •ma-
Sailed Sept 21— Haw ship Star of Russia, for
; schr Joseph Russ, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Ful
ton, from Eureka.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept 21— Bark Ore
gon, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Sent 22— Bark Carondelet. for Port
Gamble: Nor ftmr Aker. for Port Blakeley.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept Schr Ottillle
Fjord, from Eureka; schr F S Redfleld. from
Ta '"ma.
Sailed Sert Stmr Alcazar, for ; stmr
San Pedro, tor San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sept 22— Bark Gatherer,
hence Sept 6; ship Occidental, hence Sept 2.
Sailed Sept 22— Schr John D Tallant, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sept Stmr Noyo,
hence Scut 21.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAlMO— Arrived SeDt 22— Stmr Mineola.
from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed Sept 21— Br stmr Robert Adamson, for
Sa.i Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed Sept 22— stmr Wyefleld,
for Nagasaki and San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sept Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 12— Bark Alden
Besse, hence Aug 25; bark Mththa Davis, hnc
Au? 25; Haw bark Toohng- Suey. from New
York; shin Yosemite, from Seattle. Sept 13—
Stmr Alameda. hence Sept 7: bark Cpallnga,
from New York: bktn Uncle- John, from Eure
ka; Haw bark Diamond Head, hence Aug 22;
Rr stmr Victoria, from London. Sept 14— Stmr
Elihu Thomsen, from Seattle: bktn S G Wilder,
hence Aug 30. Sept 15— Schr Jessie Minor, from
Eureka.
Sailed Sept Bktn Planter, for San Fran
cisco. Sept 12— Schr Banger, for Port Town
send. Sept 13— Stmr Alameda, for Sydney;
bktn S N Castle, for San Francisco. Sept 14—
U S stmr Leenanaw, for San Francisco. Sept
13— Bark Mohican, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— In port Aug SO— Br
bark Dominion, for Honolulu; Br bark East
Indian, for San Francisco.; ship Errol. for
Honolulu: shiD Great Admiral, for Honolulu:
Haw shlD Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu: Br
ship Metropolis, for San Francisco: Br ship
Montgomeryshire, for San Francisco; Fr bark
Adderley. for Honolulu: bark Alex McNeil, for
San Francisco: Br bark Cardiean Castle, for
San Francisco: Br bark Carrollton, for Hono
lulu: bktn Chehalis, for Honolulu; Br ship
Clan Graham, for San Francisco: Br bark East
African, for San Francisco: ship Eclipse, for
San Francisco; ship El well, for San Fran
cisco: bktn Encore, for Honolulu; bark Gen
Fairchild, for San Francisco; schr Golden
Shore, for Honolulu: bark Haydn Brown, for
Honolulu; t>ktn Jane L Stanford, for Hono
lulu; Br ship Jc'jomcr.e, for San Francisco;
ship John C Potter, for Honolulu; shio John
Ena. for San Francisco; schr Louis, for Hono
lulu; schr Lyman D Foster, for Honolulu; bark
Marlon Chilcoot, for San Francisco; bktn
Newsboy, for Honolulu; schr Oceania Vance,
for Honolulu: bktn Omega, for Honolulu: bark
Oregon, for Honolulu; bktn Robert Rudden, for
Honolulu: bark Sea King, fr San Francisco:
bark Semlnole. for Honolulu; bark Snow &
Burgess, for San Francisco; Nor bark Solvetg.
for Honolulu; bark Sonoma, for Honolulu;
CWI ship Star of Bengal, for San Francisco:
Haw ship Star of France, for San Francisco';
Chil ship Star of Italy, for Honolulu: Haw ship
Star of Russia, for : Br ship Swanhilda. for
San Francisco: schr Wm Carson, for Honolulu;
Br bark Woollahra, for Honolulu.
Sailed Aug 4— Br ship Helensburgh, for San
Francisco; Br ship Vernjean. for Oregon. Aug
8— ship William Tilllf, for San Francisco.
Aug 10— Ship Ag<wiOT. for Manila. Aug 15— Br
ship Cleomene, for Acapulco. Aug 20— ship
Alolnous, for Astoria. Aug 27— Br ship Kir
oudbrlgrhtshire. for Oregon. Aug ' 28— Bktn
Mary ■ Winkleman, for Honolulu: bark James
Nesmith. for San Francisco; Br bark Inver
neill, for San Francisco.
To sail Aug 30— Br bark East Indian, for San
FraJiclsco.
SYDNEY — Sailed Aug 26 — Ship John A
Briggs. for Honolulu.
COLON— Arrived Sept Stmr Finance, from
New York.
Sailed Sept 20— Strr.r Advance, for New York.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Sept 21— Br bark How
ard D Troop, from Portland.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 19— Ital ship Maediar
mid, hence April 2.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Urn
bria. from New York, for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Sept Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Hamburg and Southampton, for
New York.
OCEAN TBA\ EL.
PHVfßfflffl s - s ' Ma riposa sails
ilia»» I *aHJL vla Honolulu ami
•C" 5 Auckland for Sydney
y ™ . . Wednesday, October
n^\T\ *■ at 10 p- m -
J^WfnSninJ The s - S. Australia
Q>ICaiIIJIIIU gang for Honolulu
(ompaßth iiintv October
Vyi'F-rtHWr is. at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the' "World, via Hawaii,
' Samoa. New Zealand. Australia; India. Suez,
i England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. 0. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomen
I Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAGNIE GENERATE TBANSATLAMTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a, m. -taSTrs
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ■&**&< *»
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. Sept. 30; LA
! NORMANDIE. Oct. 7: LA CHAMPAGNE, Oct.
i 14; LA GASCOGNE, Oct. 21; LA BRETAGNE.
' Oct. 28. First-class to Havre, $60 and up-
! ward; a per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45; 10 per cent reduction
en round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
TNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye., San Francisco.
- ADVERTISEMENTS^ • .
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTH GERMAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
Of Hamburg. Germany, on the 3ist
day of December, A. D. IS9B. and for the-
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commission of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections «10 and
$11 of th« Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by th« Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la .
Cash «
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company _, ...
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 171,600 08
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 391.51J 75
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office —KM 2
Cash in Banks •■•"•••;•• 77,663 »
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 15,588 ™
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages • 5,915 18
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 114.212 10
Certificate of deposit In hands <>'_„.--
United States Trustees 25,000 00
I Cash in hands of United State. Trus- .
tees • 2,50» W
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued..................
Due from other Companies for Re- '
Insurance on losses already paid....
Total Assets .1715.818 10
LIABILITIES.
Losseo adjusted and unpaid.... $3,753 30
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 17.005 0*
Losses resisted. including expenses.... 1,400 00
Groea premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $302,347 97; re-Insur-
ance 50 per Mat............. 151.17109
Gtois premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year. $235,852 41; re-In-
surance pro rata......... 141,539 SI
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, ) ; -
re-Insurance 100 per cent , - -
Gross premiums on Marine Time- I
Rl«k3. — -; re-insurance 59
per cent
Total Liabilities - -.$328.032 18
INCOME. ——— -
Net Cash a. .ally received for Fire
premiums ..^471,075 15
! Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums • ii'"i i •
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages .« v _........ 1,880 00
' Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
! other sources 17,334 64
Received for Rents
Total Income .X 93.139 99
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $33,999 24. losses of previous
years) 1305,699 M
Net amount paid for Marine Losses,
(including $- . losses of pre-
vious years) •••••••••••■■ '
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
1 Brokerage « • IEB.ISB tt
' Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 88.631 72
i Paid for State, National and local
taxes : 1.94150
AH other payments and expenditures.. 17,662 14
Total Expenditures $538.114 47
Losses incurred during the year, fire... 5296, 222 99
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. (Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year .7 ...^! ng .. the $52,7W,60e $591,707 87
: Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year..... - 4«,548.959 710,695 51
Net amount in force!
December 31, IS9S ! 43,715.312 538,230 3S
___ _ ADOLPH LOE3,
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of February.
MARK A. FOOTE,
Notary Public
WALTER SPEYER,
GENERAL AGENT FOR THE PACIFIC COAST,
225 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
i^ Steamers leave Broadway
ffijfc*-^ wharf. San Francisco.
fraSStEfeh. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
IQQ?w3NI?k September 13. 23. 28, October
! e?C@«ffl^X% 3 - Chang* at Seattle.
Ee&raM 'Hall For Victoria, Vancouver
BC^mKI 18. C V Port Townsend, Se-
P"**^Bm3333 attle. Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New What com
™ (Wash.), 10 a. m.. September
IS. 23, 28. October 8. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
! O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to Is. P. By.;, at Van-
C °For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) 1 p. m.. Sep-
tember 16. 21, 26, October 1, and every fifth day
th For aft Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Lois Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
i San Pedro East San Pedro <Los Angeles) and
! Newport, 9 a. m.. September it. 11. 26. 29, Oc-
tober 8, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
! ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
I m September 15. 19, 23. 27. October 1. and
| every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
i For "further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to ! change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I anfl h^urs of sailing.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
i street (Palace Hotel) & CO.. Gen. Agts..
i GOODALL, PERKINS t- CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 9. R. & H, CO.
/" DISPATCH PAST STEJMKRB TO "
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C«DC «'* First Cla«w Including Bert»
I AilC $8 Second Clast and Meal*.
i STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
I Sept. 6, 13, 25; Oct. 5. 15, S3
' COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10, 20, 30; Oct. 10,_20, W
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent. '
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
' Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PAWS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Oct. 4' New York Oct. 25
St. Louis Oct. 11' St. Louis Nov. 1
St. Paul Oct. IS St. Paul Nov. 8
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
i Frcm New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland Oct. 4|Kensington Oct. 23
Southwark Oct. ll'Nonlland Nov. . 1
Westernlapd ....Oct. is Friesland Nov. 8
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
; INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
I YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
' Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
I India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
: of Failing.
AMERICA-MARt" ....Friday. October 6
i HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of See,
421 Market, st., cor. First.
| , W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
~FOB U.S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monti cello."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
! a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
i days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a, m., 8
i p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
i Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
| FARE, 60s
1314
HUNTINGTON IN
EXILE IS SLATED
FOR OLD HONORS
Nephew to Reascend
the Throne.
SCHEME OF CRAFTY UNCLE
PBOPOSIH) RESTORATION IS THE
TALK IX YELLOW BUILDING.
The Banished One Is In the Adiron
dacks Awaiting the Signal
to Return to
Power.
■When H. E. Huntington was deposed i
from the position, which gave him author- j
ity In the yellow building and also con- |
ferred upon him a deal of prestige in San
Francisco, the prediction was made In
The Call that he would be restored to
local leadership. It 16 now regarded as
certain that Nephew H. E. will come
again and occupy the chair of authority :
which is now fllled by George Crocker. j
The nephew, according to the dispatches, I
is In the Adirondack* gazing on the foil- ;
age as It takes on the fresh touch of au
tumn color. His uncle will give him the
signal when it is time to come out and :
■do business at the old stand in California. \
The reinstatement of H. E. Huntlngton j
"\rtll in no wise reflect on George Crocker's \
■ability as a railroad manager, but it will \
i gratify the pride of C. P. Huntington,
■whose vanity increases with his years
and bis wealth. He acquired a dislike for
'• Charles Crocker when the Central Pacific |
■Railroad was in course of construction, ;
■and It pleases him to perpetuate the dis- !
like to tho succeeding generation of j
jCrockers.
Collis P. Huntington Is a cunning old
■fox. He mado no outcry when his nephew '
•was discarded, but acquiesced in the de-
Cree of change with seeming grace and
[satisfaction. He gave a glad hand to :
tGeorge Crocker and caused the news to ■
■be circulated that he entertained the
highest regard for Will Crocker, the son
'{who never forgave the slights which t
Huntington sought to cast on his father.
While making outward demonstrations ;
Of friendship for the Crockers the crafty
; financier at the head of the corporation j
■was planning for sweet revenge. There
.•was a subdued note of triumph in his re
cent utterance "that many people in San
Francisco would like to know the names '
of the buyers of Southern Pacific stock." j
The fact is now very clearly foreahad- J
owed that the negotiations to buy the .
Crocker holdings were Bet in motion by
Collis P. Huntington, and when the de«al is
closed and the stock duly transferred he |
will be master of the situation. Men who
have known Huntington for many years ■
and who comprehend his strength of char- j
acter and admire his boldness and judg- i
ment hold to the belief that his plans are
formed with the purpose of making
Nephew H. E. his" successor and principal
heir. When H. E. Huntington returns
several men in the yellow building who
did not go to the depot to see him off will i
go up the road to meet him. Such Is hu- i
man nature in the yellow house.
The accessible J. C. Stubbs, next to |
Collls P. Huntington the ablest railroader
on the line, will surely give H. E. the
glad hand, although it is known that on
the dethronement of the nephew Stubbs !
exclaimed, "Long live George." C. P. j
Huntington perhaps knows all about the
attitude of every mother's son in the. rail
road building, but ho would forgive Stubbs '<
where ho would punish one whose value
is small. There is a twofold purpose in
bringing Stubbs into the story. Since the
operating department has been ditching i
cars, smashing engines and enlisting eulo
p\cs from the undertakers' association the 1
freight department has hardly been men
tioned in the public press.
Prominent bankers of San Francisco ■
have not the slightest doubt that Collie P.
Huntington planned the scheme to acquire .
the Crocker interests, and they express
the opinion that the negotiations have
been successful. The agency in San Fran
cisco of Speyer & Co. is the London. Paris •
and American Bank. It is said that the j
negotiations could have been carried for
ward without the knowledge of the local
agency. An exceptionally large transfer
of money through the London. Paris and
American Bank to the bank of Crocker, |
Wool worth & Co. might cause the con- ;
.lecture of a deal In railroad securities
wherein the Crockers were interested.
Will Crocker still, declines to discuss the
reported transaction and refers all appli
cants for information on the subject to
George Crocker and Bpeyer & Co. The
declination to discuss the topic is not
coupled with anything like a denial that
negotiations are in progress. One readily !
gains the inference that the report Is in
the main correct.
AD VERTISEMEITT S.
Mrs. Col. Richardson
« SAVED BY MRS. PINKHAM. <■
[LETTEX TO i!KS. FINKHAM NO. 72,896]
•'You have saved my life, snatched
me from the brink of the grave almost,
and I wish to thank you. About eigh-
teen months ago I was a total wreck,
physically. I had been troubled with
lenoorrhcea for some time, but had given
hardly any attention to the trouble.
" At Last inflammation of the womb
and ovaries resulted and then I suf-
fered agonies, had to give up my pro-
fession (musician and piano player),
■was confined to my bed and life became
a terrible cross. My husband sum-
moned the best physicians, but their
benefit was but temporary at best. I
believe I should have contracted the
morphine habit under their care, if my
common sense had not intervened.
*' One day my husband noticed the ad-
vertisement of your remedies and im-
mediately bought me a full trial. Soon
the pain in my ovaries was gone. lam
now well, strong and robust, walk,
ride a wheel, and feel like a girl in her
teens. I would not be without Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound; it
is like water of life to me. I am very
gratefully and sincerely your well-
wisher, and I heartily recommend your
remedies. I hope some poor creature
may be helped to health by reading my
story." Mrs. Cot,. E. P. Richabdsos,
Ehinklandkb, Wis.
Everything
that's Beautiful
in
Crockery.
Great Left. Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When Yon See Prices.
Great American Importing Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere.
100 Stores.
CAPS EXPLODE WITH FATAL
RESULTS ON THE SHERMAN
EXPLOSION ON THE SHERMAN AND ITS VICTIMS.
ONE of the most serious accidents
which has occurred since Govern
ment transports have carried mu
nitions of war from San Francisco
to the Philippines happened in the for
ward hold of the transport Sherman at
the Folsom-street wharf about 9 o'clock
last evening. Two stevedores, John Burke,
residing at Mission and East streets, and
Frank N. Klein, residing at 1015 A Langton
street, were fatally injured by an ex
plosion of a box of percussion caps, and
John Brodie. residing at 652 Linden ave
nue, and Charles Anderson, residing at 10
Shipley street, also stevedores, were seri
ously Injured and disfigured in the same
explosion, . but will recover.
About thirty men, under the supervision
of William Andrews and John Trebell.
were engaged in stowing away boxes of
bullets and priming caps in the forward
hold of the" vessel. Their occupation was
uneventful until about » o'clock, . when
Frank Klein, one of the men mortally in
jured dropped a box of caps in position
among the other boxes, causing the dis
astrous explosion. According to his fel
low workmen Klein did not handle the
box roughly and the only plausible theory
as to the cause of the explosion which
EX-SENATOR WHITE VERY ILL.
He Is Now Lying in a Precari
ous Condition at the
Palace.
The Illness of ex-Senator Btepben M
White is more, serious than was at firsi
supposed. Yesterday his condition was
such as to cause, much apprehenstpi
among htß largo number of friends. npn<
of whom, however, were admitted to se<
him. as his physician. Dr. MacMonagle
Via? 'absolutely forbidden admission to th<
rooms of his patient.
Senator White has been in failing health
fnr a long time past and ha? ben sub
Ject to recurrent attacks of weakness
which have heretofore been overcome bj
a little careful nursing and plenty of rest
Three days ago he had an attack whict
was thought at the time to be nothing ou
of the ordinary and which, it was sup
nosed, would prove as easy of tiviitmeir
as had the others. He was taken to hi:
room and put to bed and hie physictaj
was at once summoned. But his condi
tion Instead' of improving, grew steadilj
worse and he now lies in a state which
to Bay the least, is exceedingly precarious
Yrsterday the Senator's illness -lnv.-l
oped pulmonary symptoms and shortlj
before noon he was attacked with a a*
vrre hemorrhage, from which he recov
cred though considerably weakened.
Dr MacMonagle refuses absolutely t<
discuss his patient's case, but it is knowi
from other sources that he is confiden
of Eventually pulling the Senator through
Town Talk
The subjects treated editorially in this
•w-eek-s Town Talk are: Why we shouW
not seek to christianize the Jews; F. X
Dane's brief on the New Charter; l»n
! don's "black marriage" and Us harvest
i General Otis as a disciplinarian; Petei
Ijunne and Dreyfus. The Saunterer give:
pome inside information about Prince
Henry of Prussia, who is shortly to visi
u«- tells what New York is saying abOU
the Earl of Yarmouth. Princess Hatz
telut ii nd others; gives some reminiscence!
of locai beauties of early 'lays; comment:
on th.- Pomroy-Soule wedding, and las
weeks military ball at th- Occidental; re
counts a difference of opinion between th<
George ('rockers and the Henry 1. Scotts
the biuailty-Murphy case of San Jose an(
the Garcia-O'Shea case of Santa Rosa
There is the usual budget of club bom
rhots. jokclets. a poem by Louis A. Rob
ertson, story and sketches from local life
a Fable for Politicians, the World of Lav
and dramatic news. Alfred Metzger telli
how good music is unappreciated in Sai
Francisco, and Irene Connell review:
Maurice Hewlett's latest book. Towt
Talk, brightest of the weeklies, is only L
cents at all dealers. *
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for
eign points.
THE SAN FKAjN CISCO CALL, SATUKPAY, SEPTEMBER 23. 1899.
can bo given is that the box contained
possibly a aail or some other foreign mat
t<-r. which brushed against one of the
caps with the slight jar. causing the dis
aster.
John Burke was working on a tier of
!'■ \. s immediately above Klein. The
boxes were passed to him by John Miller.
Just preceding the box which was blown
to fragments an empty one was laid In
position. Upon receiving the full I>"X a
|oke ahum j^ts weight was passed
around and Klein laid it d"wn and tipped
It on Its Fide. Instantly there was a ter
rific report and the air was filled with
thousands of exploding percussion caps
and splinters of wood. Men from abov<
quickly rushed into the hold, and when
they arrived four bleeding bodies were
found. A few /raprrni nts "f wood were
the only evidences of the box which re
mained." and other boxes which contained
about iim'i ions of explosives in the same
compartment were covered with blood,
shattered crips and sawdust.
The rescuers lifted the injured men to
the dc>-k of the vessel and ambulances
were hastily called. John Burke and John
Brodie wore taken to the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital and Klein and Ander
son went to the City Hall. Dr. H. C.
Rowland of the hospital ship Relief ren
dered valuable assistance to Drs. Mor
rison and Rice in attending the cases at
BRUTAL TEACHER
CRUELLY BEATS
A LITTLE BOY
Bridewell Evans Se
verely Punished.
A case of exceeding severity on the
part of a school teacher in the punish
' m-nt of a pupil is reported from the
Spring Valley Evening School on Broad
i way, near Polk street- For the offense
Of throwing a piece of paper across the
school room. Bride-well H. Evans says
he was beaten almost into Insensibility
;by the principal, J. B. Sykes. The
weapon with which Sykes punished the
hoy was a pointer, an Instrument about
the size and weight of a billiard cue. Ac
' cordinsr to the boy's story, when it was
j reduced to splinters on his body, the
teacher resorted to a strap, but finally
throw it aside and beat the lad on the
head and face.
Young Evans, who Is not quite 14 years
' old, is a son of Captain John H. Evans,
j, residing at 1703 Leavenworth street. He
I has been attending the night school for
| the past six months and has never pre
! vlously had any trouble with his teacher.
! He has been ill for the last two weeks
j and had barely recovered from his sick
i ness when he returned to school Monday
of this week.
Thursday night his teacher. Miss O'Sul
llvan, caught him committing some minor
j Infraction of the rules and as a punish
ment made him sit on the platform be
| side her. While seated there a boy throw
I a wad of paper at him, hitting him on the
i mouth. Evans picked it up and tossed it
■ back into the class. Miss O'Sullivan re
ported the matter to the principal, Mr.
I Sykes who sent for the boy forthwith.
"I was not allowed to make any ex
planation of what had happened, '" said
! the boy when seen at his home last even
j ing. "The principal picked up a pointer
; and told me to hold out my hand. 1 re
fused to obey him and he began hitting
Ime over the legs and body. When the
I stick broke into pieces he came after me
with a strap, but that did not do much
damage and he threw it aside. I told him
he was afraid to take a fellow of his size
and he Jumped at me with his clenched
fist. He struck me several times on the
head and face until everything got black
around me and I could not tell what he
was doing. After that he made me stay
in the schoolroom for an hour and a half,
I when some of the boys had to take me
I honae."
In corroboration of his statements the
boy exhibited various severe cuts and
bruises from his head down to his ankles.
Three immense bumps on his head show
where the fists of Sykes had evidently
landed. The flesh over the left eye Is dis
colored and bruised; the left ear Is lacer
the Harbor Hospital. Some of the men
who w<;-.- working beside the Injured
men refused to return to work and a few
oi them were slightly Injured.
Burkes injuries were frightful. Hia
face had been literally torn to pieces and
liis lower Jaw was shattered Into frag
ii). Tits. His tongue was cut "IT. and there
was a wound in the throat extending
through the trachea. Bcarci ly a bone in
his fa :e was Intact, his skull wan frac
tured and his right eye turn from its
Bocket. His body was also covered with
cuts am! bruises, and one of his fingers
was blown <>ff.
Klein lost his right eye, had his face
horribly disfigured and was internally in
jured. HMh of these men will die. An
derson hid his left foot badly bruised, his
face disfigured and his hands burned.
Brodie was covered from head to foot
with minor wounds. The flesh in many
places was torn very badly. Largo slivers
of wood were taken from the flesh of all
of the men. Br<>di.\ Klein and Anderson
are married men.
! ated; directly over the heart Is a largo
black and blue mark where the pointer
i struck; the boy's arms, thighs and ankles
are a mass of abrasions. Since the beat
ing he has been un ble to use his left
! arm. as the result of a punch inflicted on
' the shoulder blade. The boy's condition
! was so serious that a physician had to be
1 summoned.
The matter has been reported to the
i Board of Education, and the residents of
I the Spring Valley district will demand
1 the dismissal of the principal. Sykes is
i reported to he a powerful man over six
i feet tall.
Sudden Death of William Glazier.
William Glazier, a driver for the San
Francisco laundry, died suddenly yester
day morning at his residence, 1309 Devis
adero street, of cerebral apoplexy. An
autopsy at the Morgue disclosed the cause
of death as natural.
Reception to Senator Carter.
The Fnion League Club will tender an
informal reception to United States Sena
tor Thomas H. farter of Montana In their
clubrooms this afternoon at 1 o'clock.
A SPLENDID VARIETY OF LADIES' NECKWEAR AND
OTHER FANCY GOODS.
LIKEItTYSILtt JABOTS, handsomely trimmed with juby trim-
ming, in cream, blue, pink and heliotrope; special value at 75c each.
LADIES' 2.CLASP I»IQiiJK WALKING GLOVES; colors
' red, tan, mode,' green, blue, pearl, butter and white; also black (all
sizes from s*£ to 7%) ; former price $1.25; special at 85c pair. Fitted
and guaranteed. -y.~j-':
N. 8.-We clean and repair, free of cost, all gloves purchased
from us. -. . •• .
A LARGI! ASSORTMENT OF FALL AND WINTER
LA DIES'. UNDER VESTS, natural gray. In ribbed and plain,
extra heavy, with drawers to match, at 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.25
and $1.50 each.
No. SO _!>« II ALL-SILK, BLACK SATIN AND GROS.
GRAIN RIBBON, actual value 35c, will be placed on sale at 25c
per yard. "... .
MEN'S AUSTRALIAN WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND
DRAWER*, in sanitary gray color, warranted undyed and thor-
oughly shrunk; very special value at 1.00 each.
! Cor, Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO.
DODGE BEGINS
TO APPEAR IN
HIS TRUE LIGHT
He Cannot Lose That
Polltax Rake-off.
STUFFING IN HIS "DUMMY"
TAXPAYERS MUST PAY DEAR
FOR HIS JUGGLERY.
The Doctor's Eagerness to Make Po
litical Capital Compels the Citi
zens to Pay More Tribute
to the State.
The truth with regard to Assessor
Dodge is dawning on a deluded public.
The Call has shown to taxpayers the way
behind the scenes, where they could de
tect his jugglery and see through the
magic that made a "dummy" assessment
roll speak so loudly the praises of its !
creator. The very figures furnished by
Dodge have risen up to confound him.
He can get away fiom them only in one
way, and that he is preparing to do by
going into court In answer to a suit for
delinquency to be liled bv_ the District
Attorney, and admitting that his dummy
t3 stuffed and that he is the stutter.
In his own defense, In answer to The
Call's charge that he has atuffed the as
sessment roll, Dr. Dodge has made the
admission that "over $£1,000,000 remains
on the roll in excess of last year's roil, on
which it is certain that taxes will be col-,
lected." Now, taking this palpable jug
gle for the absolute truth, Which it is not,
in what relation does it place the dummy
roll to the Siebe assessment roll of last
year? Dodge's dummy roll this year foot
ed up $405,111,615. Deduct from it this
$25,000,000 on which, according to his own
admission, taxes remain to ue collected.
The balance will be $350,111,615. Taking
from "tins other assessments upon whicn
taxes will not be collected for the reason
that they were illegally assessed by
Douge in ignorance of plain provisions to
the contrary on the statute books, it will
cut his dummy down to less than $375,
--000,000.
'i he difference then between the Si=be
roll at $352,344,061 and the Dodge roll of
1375,000,000 its just $25,000,000, on which at
the current tax rate of $1,806 the taxes
brought into the city treasury would be
about $300,000. That would be a very tidy
sum, not to be sneered at, if it were not
the fact that at the same time it took
$150,000 out of the pockets of the taxpay
ers to put into the coffers of the State for
no particular benefit to Ban Francisco.
But Dodge has done even worse than
that. His dummy made ;so much fuss
parading around as a $400,000,000 creation,
although it was only a trumpery bundle
of rags, worth may be less than $375,000,
--000, that the eyes of the State became
fixed upon it. in consequence, while the
taxpayers of San Francisco only paid into
the State treasury in 1898 under the Siebe
roll of $352,344,061 the sum of $1,719 ,435,
they have bean forced by reason of the
Dodge dummy roll of $405,111,615 to pay
Into the State treasury the sum of $2,471,
--208.
To make it so plain that no one can
misunderstand it. San Francisco, by rea
son of Dodge's manipulation of the as
sessment roil, has paid more than $700,000
more into the State treasury than it would
have been called to contribute had the
juggling doctor ' kept his hands off the
roll left by Siebe. For this enormous sum
forced out of their pockets by Dodge the
taxpayers of San Francisco get nothing
they had not last year, except Dodge —
and he's certainly not a bargain at that
price.
Instances of this port of costly padding
of the assessment roll are numerous in
the work of Assessor Dodge. One will be
sufficient to show how his scheme works.
Take the case of the San Francisco and
San Mateo Railroad. Dodge put that
company on the roll for $135,200 for its
franchise, track in San Francisco County,
rolling stock, etc., despite the fact that
under sections 3664 and 3665 of the reve
nue laws of the State it is expressly set
forth that railroads operating in more
than one county shall be assessed by the
State Hoard of Equalization. Dodge paid
no -attention to these provisions, which
are so plain that no one can mistake their
meaning. He had only one end in view;
he wanted to swell that assessment roll,
and he figured that any old thing would
do, and down went the San Francisco
and San Mateo Railway Company for
$135,
Under date of August 26 last Auditor
Wells received notification from the State
Board of Equalization that it had as
sessed the San Francisco and San Mateo
Railway Company for a total valuation
in the two counties in which it operates
for $150,000, the taxes on which would be
paid into the State treasury. That noti
fication' was what would be termed a
'Vail down" for Dodge, the artful dodger
with the dummy. His assessment of the
Contra Costa and the Oakland water
companies seems to be on a par with this.
Assessor Dodge may be ready to do
some more crawfishing with regard to
these assessments, but it will certainly
coma with bad grace from him to plead
ignorance of a law so plain as that pro
viding for the assessment of a railroad
operating In more than one county, when
he has displayed such knowledge of the
workings of the poll tax law. It will
have a tendency to make the doctor look
like 30 cents— especially that 30 cents he
has taken without distinction from rich
and poor alike in his personal capacity as
poll tax gatherer.
In the Divorce Court.
Rlanche A. Thomas was granted a di
vorce yesterday from David J. Thomas
on the ground of desertion. Judge
DainKerfield has granted A. N. M. Schulz
a divorce from Albert Schulz on the
ground of extreme cruelty. The custody
of two minor children, Lulu and Frajik
Schulz. wn.« awarded to Mrs. Schulz.
Maria Hanck lias secured a divorce from
Fred Hanck on the ground of desertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Den
nis J. Walsh against Jennie Walsh, for
desertion.
Hale ' B I -,^.-,.-,_-.- !' 8 - .
remnants, wash
j goods, ginghams, muslins,
new neckwear | sheetings, towels, toweling,
this is the strongest line we have | flannelettes, percales, table
ever had in the store, not only in am ask, napkinS rem-
extent and variety, but in quality. ..-- • r
which in every way makes it desir- nants from everywhere in
; S e^i^SpSd.^SS^S domestics at saving prices.
fashion: lace curta!ns scr i m , 40 in. wide,
taffeta silk stock and bow, trim- jj n ecru; four designs; the 10c
mcd with oriental insertion, long , quality reduced for this sale from 10c
ends •' $1-00 each to He yard
taffeta flare black stocks, with bow bleached table damask. 70 in. wide;
and streamers; point de venipe trim- 1 a n linen; reduced from 65c for this
ming $1.50 each sa i e to 50c yard
white mulle scarfs, lace braid 300 twill pillow cases, 50x36 in.,
ends $1.00 each with 2-in. hem; the lot was bought
yellow taffeta silk stock, bow of greatly under value, and will be sold
silk plaid ribbon; imitation duchess 1 the same way; it is an extra heavy
lace with chiffon ends.. .s3.oft each | case, worth 18c, but is priced for this
plaited mousseline de soie fichu j sale at .'.l4c each
with three rows of narrow satin rib- ■—!•;_ . llOSiePy
bon; edged with chiffon.. s7.sO each flale S nOSiePV
mousseline de soie scarfs with re- our i ea <ier_ stocking for boys and
naissance ends •■••-•• -"•'••••• girls; a .stocking, that carries our
$1.20 and $-.4»> each guarantee as to quality, finish and
. wear; a stocking leader made for
Veilin^S Hales
girls' black cotton hose; very fine
the fall veilings comprise every J ribbed and smooth lisle finish; im-
conceivable variety from the plain ! proved round heel; double knees,
nets to the fancy dots. j soles and toes: sizes 6 to 914
black tuxedo Russian net with 25c pair, $2.75 dozen
chenille dots boys' leader stocking; I X I; ribbed
75c, 50c, 35c and 25c yard, maeo elastic cotton; three hard
pattern veils with borders „.. twisted threads, producing triple
75c, .50c and 35c. strength; reinforcement knees;
black chenille veiling, IS In. wide, \ heavy but elastic; French fashion
with heavy embroidery, border and j toe and heel: sizes 7 to 10 r.
spots 75c, 05c, 50c and 40c. | 25c pair, $2.75 dozen
gloves ! skirts and jackets
we have picked out three of the
we have been years selecting a best values we know of for $s— a
glove to sell for $1 that would be medium price that covers a good
worthy of our guarantee; careful | d ea i O f quality and style:
testing, examination by experts and | 2 4 blue, mixed and gray homespun
rigid scrutiny of style, fit and mate- , cheviot separate skirts; thoroughly
rial has resulted in the selection of , we n made and lined with percallne;
a $1 glove that is worth 91. I trimmed with two rows of Hercules
ladies' pique two-clasp walking braid $s. Oft
gloves in tans, browns, navy, green 35 black kersey jackets; four-but-
and reds; fitted and guaranteed; ton front; silk lined, with notched
kept clean and mended free.^.... rolling collar $5.00
.SI.OO pair 24 electric seal collarettes, with
astrakhan yokes and tabbed fronts
the toilet with six tails; high rolling collar:
Uiw tuuvi. heavy brown, satin-lined. $5.00
Hudnut's famous face prepara- __^- «__ -*tw
tions; Hudnufs goods are goods of t&umF. -rfff' \m^ 'ijBP <m
Hudnut's face powder 50c box JBt n rnnn^
Hudnut's liquid rouge.. bottle **•»*■ **uv**^-
Hudnurs ££* SiriSSe 985 ' 937 ' 939 ' 941 943,945, 947
Hudnut's almond meal.. soc box Market Street.
LEES REFUSES
TO CLOSE THE
NYMPHIA HOTEL
Four Clergymen Make
Vain Appeal.
A stormy interview over the closing of
the infamous sink of vice known as the
Hotel Nymphla was held in Chief Lees"
office yesterday betweea Leea and four
prominent North Beacb clergymen, who
went there to request the Chief to order
his men to close the den. At the climax
of the Interview two <>f the clergymen,
Rev. Father T. Caraher, recta* of St.
Francis Church, and Rev. Dr. I'rray of
the First Methodist Episcopal Church,
arose and left the Chief's sanctum in dis
gust.
Chief Lees not only refused to close the
infamous resort hut he made his declara
tion to the visiting clergymen in tones
that could be heard outside in the corri
dora of the City Hali.
Shortly before noon Rev. Father T.
Caraher, Rev. Dr. L'rmy, Rev. Father
Rodham of St. Peter's and St. Paul's Ital
ian Church and Rev. Dr. Slocombe of the
Green-street Congregational Church
called upon Chief Lees to request him to
close tho resort immediately, as a con
viction against the directors of the insti
tution had already been secured in Judge
Graham's court.
Chief Lees took refuge behind the ex
cuse that it would be Impossible to close
the filthy den until Judge Graham passed
sentence upon the directors of the resort
and he told the clergymen flat-footedly
that he did not intend to enforce the law
until that had been done.
Father Caraher, however, came armed
with legal advice, and he informed Chief
Lees that he not only had power but it
was his duty to close the Nymphla im-
argument between the Chief and
the clergymen became intensely < warm.
Lees commenced to roar out his ulti
matum in tones loud enough to be heard
at the ferry, and the clergymen left him
theater was reported to the
residents "■• North Beach they at once
decided to take steps to have the law/en
forced and for that reason it was decided
w call a monster mass meeettog to be
held Monday night at a place which will
be decided upon to-day. The residents of
the beach through their able attorney, J.
J Barrett, will take legal st.-ps if neces
sary to force Chief Lees to close the
lN lttorSy Barrett has been busily en
gaged in the Police Courts for the past
month waging a battle against the plague
spot and tne residents and clergy of North
Beach do not intend to allow the victor}
to slip from their grasp. Delays, they
say, are dangerous, for if Chief Lees wans
until sentence is passed upon the defend
ants next Wednesday they can succeed
in getting out a restraining order pending
the appeal of the case. It was to obviate
this possible juggling with justice that the
clergymen decided to request C hief Lees
to close the institution.
"We called upon Chief Lees yesterday
morning and were ushered into a side
room where we remained quite a long
time " said Father Caraher when seen
yesterday. "His clerk told us he would
notify us of the Chief's arrival, but he
neglected to do so. We sat there till we
grew impatient, and then we arose ana
entered the Chiefs sanctum.
"Chief Lees flatly informed us tnut he
would not act until Judge Graham passed
sentence upon the directors of the Nym
phla. I was advised by two prominent
and competent attorneys— one of them a.
judge now sitting on the bench— that
Chief Lees had the power to close this
horrible den the moment its directors
were found guilty in the Police Court.
"Chief Lees knows this to be a fact,
still he refuses to enforce the law. I
realize that there are powerful influences
against us and that the proprietors of the
Nymphia have a monster corruption fund
behind them in this crusade, but that
should not stop Chief Lees from enforcing
the law. ...
"No wonder we can't get justice with
Joseph Dunne. Chief Lees' private attor
ney, fighting the battle for the other side
"At a monster mass-meeting to be neld
Monday night we will adopt drastic meas
-1 urea to secure tho enforcement of tna
nfviP. Thl v Institution Is a horrible sink
?« . ; < No fouler den -was ever allowed
to exist in our city. I have seen boys of
fourteen and fifteen stopping in there on
their way from night school. If allowed
to remain open It would soon corrupt the
morals of every child in the neighborhood
We wanted Chief Lees to close the
Place because it is his duty to do so If
he waits until next Wednesday when the
directors of the institution are sentenced
our efforts may prove unavailing. They
can appeal and get out restraining orders
and resort to other jugglery and the den
or vice will remain open for years to
come. We have had a hard battle to close
this plague spot and we do not intend to
lose our victory through the refusal of
Chief Lees to enforce the law."
After the clergymen departed Chief
Lees said: "They asked me to close up
the Hotel Nymphia at once as the jury
had convicted the defendants, but I told
them that if they could show me any law
for it I would do it cheerfully and would
be glad to have their moral support.
Father Caraher told me that some judge
had told him that I could close up the
place, but I replied that It was not in
my power as no judgment had yet been
rendered and I could not pretend to be
above the law. I also pointed out to them
that the defendants could not again be
arrested till the judgment was rendered.
"I want it understood that the police
started this crusade and I had Officer
Clark taking notes to guide me ever since
the project was started. When we were
ready to proceed I suggested to the other
parties that they should engage Mr. Bar
rett to specially prosecute the case and
he was engaged. I know nothing of the
employment of Mr. Dunne for the defense.
While he was Assistant District Attorney
I got him to prosecute the St. Mary and
Bacon street cases and he did it well.
Now he is in private practice and any
one. can engage his services.
"I propose to proceed against the stock
holders of the company as soon as I can
ascertain who they are. We have been
unable to find W. H. Richards, one of the
directors of the company, and no one
seems to know anything about him. I
think he is a myth.
"Just let me say that as soon as judg
ment is rendered next Wednesday I will
proceed regularly and will do what is
necessary, but if I were to do anything
illegal I would immediately be enjoined
and there is no. necessity for placing my
self in that position."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*m**m TT^ffTTCM CQ99 ** C3RB 8S? I *]fe£Sß]^B
I Elf 1 1*
KS^pTaQSy Ppjijffitt HH^^K 'BB^m J^MttrTn
Our Saturday's Specials!
Best (Humbohit Creamery) Butter - 450
Humboldt Makes the Best Creamery This
Time of Year. Regular 55c Square.
Choice (Point Reyes) Butter - - 40c
Regular 50c Square.
Lea & Perrin's Sauce ■ - - 20c
Genuine Worcestershire. Regular 25a.
Petaluma Ranch Eggs - - - 25c
Regular 30c dozen.
Scotch and Irish Whisky - - 95c
Imported from Glasgow and Belfast. Reg-
ular |1 25 bottl*.
Stryker's Sand Soap— 7 cakes 25c
Ghirardeili's (»st) Cocoa - 20c
• Regular 250.
French Castile Soap (Mb bar) . 25c
Imported. Regular Me.
Gold Dust (Mb package) - - - |5c
. . Regular 20c. - :
Country orders filled at short notice and
shipped free of charge 100 miles. Send for Sep-
tember catalogue. - -'_• ; ■ -
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Store*.
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS,
Bottlers of
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS.
Goods - delivered to any part of th* ottv.
['< i -;■-:-. Phone. Jessie 1321 _ „