VOI.I vr I.WWM'o. is:*.
METHUEN'S THIRD BATTLE WITHIN
A WEEK FOUGHT ON MODDER RIVER
British Forces Advancing to 1 the Relief of Kimberley Have a Ten
Hours' Engagement, Which Is Styled by the Commander
as "The Bloodiest Battle of the Century."
LONDON. Nov. 29.— The War Office ha-> received the
following dispatch from General Buller:
'CAPE TOWN. Tuesday. Nov. 28. General Me
thuen reports:
1 MODDER RlVEß. Tuesday. Nov. 28. Reconnoitered
at 5 A. M. enemy's position on Modder River and found
them strongly entrenched and concealed. No means of
outflanking, the river being Full. The action commenced
at 5:30 with artillery, mounted infantry, cavalry and
guards on the right. The Ninth Brigade on the left at
tacked the position in widely extended formation at 6:30
and, supported by the artillery, found itself in front
of the whole Boer force. 8000 strong, with two la
guns, four Krupps, etc.
The naval brigade rendered great assistance from
the railway.
' 'After desperate, hard Meriting, which lested ten
hours, our men. without water or food, and in the burn-
Ing sun. made the enemy quit his position.
' 'General Pole-Carew was successful in gettinc a
small party across the river, gallantly assisted by 300
Sappers.
" *! speak in terms of high praise of the conduct of all
who were engaged in one of the hardest and most trying
sights in the annals of the British army. If I can mention
one arm particularly, it is two batteries of artillery .' "
This ' • . Britteb navy. and li ready for any pmo;j:rnry. oh;«.>r
• . who
< 'ambrian and Juno.
■11 utramlr.L- UTTtn« fnrmiua-
LONDON, Nov. 3a — Lon
hoek last night In
the mid«t of •
Met' -eat victory at Mod
der River late r •• • I the
crs came OUt with
mith."
feeling was
onl". ■ Th<
who eagerly bought papers soon
found out that the reported sur
render was contained in a very
circumstantial agency dispatch
from The Hague, Dr. Lcyd's
headquarters. Inquiry at the
War Office elicited the informa
tion that no dispatch containing
Fuch news ha been received.
General Mcthuen's inarch
from Orange River is a most no
table achievement. In the course
of a week he has marched his
columns nearly fifty miles, fought
three battles and won three vic
tories. The fight at Bclmont
was fierce enough with its de
plorable loss to the Guards. The
engagement at Enslin or ( iras
Pan had a melancholy notoriety
for the terrible execution
wrought among the naval bri
gade, but the Modder River bat
THE SPECIAL SERVICE SQUADRON.
tic is likely to prove the hardest
and bl<x •' the three.
This combat, which lasted tor
ten I d was fought by men
v. ho had neither food nor drink.
izing sun, against a
• giy entrenched enemy, pos
itures which will make
live military hist
After Saturday's battle at I
Pan General Methucn's force
lon Sunday. It advai
fiftce:i miles northwest «>n Mon
■ night the column
found itself i • the Modder
River and confronted by a Boer
army of y- oo m< -!<• en
trenched.
I arly Tuesday morning the I
tack began. The Boers must
have been posted on the north
side of the Modder River, which
running at full flood. The
British attacked from the i
-ide. As the: i- was no opportun
ity f«>r outflanking the enemy's
position owing t<> the high v
Tiin^t have made a front at
and forced tho Boers to ouit
their position by the superiority
of their artillery and rifle fire, the
retirement being accelerated by
the fact that General Pole Carew
probably late in the engagement
had succeeded in getting a*
The San Francisco Call
THE MODDER RIVER BRIDGE.
The bride* over th. Modder River, where Lord Methuen'i battle of Tur-sday was fought, is twenty-four miles be
low Kimoerley on the wes'trn Hr,e of the railroad which runs from I Cape Town, via Da Aar. Klmberley and Mate
kin*. :o Hulawayo. It was destroyed hy the Boera poor, after their :hveßtir.cnt of Klrnberlcy, but as Lord &lethuen'fl
column i«* fully equipped for repalrinc fur'i railroa<l bridpos as have been destroyed on his line of advance !•. will only
\>f> a qbtiuon of a few days after he forces; the |ias>ac;o of th» river before lie can take hid armored and supply train.-?
Over .vi.i continue his advance. Then wlljjcome thr last stage of the tnovemoat, the advance on Spytfontein. 'thirteen
miles farther on. where the Boers r.re prepared to make another stand.
the river with a force. No pur- '
suit of the cnenr 5 to have
been possible.
There is little doubt that the
s arc taking away their guns
and will fight again at Scholtz
Kop and Spytfontein, twelve
miles to the north.
A fourth battle must almost in
evitably take place, but Colonel
Kekewich will probably try to
attack the enemy in the rear. This
gement must occur to-mor
row or Saturday, and if all goes
well Kimberley should be re
lieved by Sunday or Monday.
Nothing is known yet of the
casualties at Modder River, but
excluding these General Meth
uen has lost nearly 500 officers
and men since he began march
ing on Kimberley.
Including prisoners now in
Pretoria the Kritish losses under
all heads since the war began
make an a^qre^ate of 3000.
The Daily Mail says it dis
credits the report that Lady
smith has fallen, and says it was
circulated last night by I.affans"
News Agency in a dispatch from
The Hague, and had no founda
tion.
The absence of news from
Wital for three days seems to
point to the fact that the Boers
are in force on Tugela River and
that General Buller wishes to
keep his dispositions absolutely
SAW FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1899.
se< ret until lie can strike a blow.
- is likely to prove a difficult
task, as the river lies before him
with its bridges broken down
and its stream in flood. The
Bri ish column now numbers
IS.OOO. of which considerable
force was as far north a? Frere
on Sunday. No further news of
;cre's advance oil the
Cape Colony invaders have been
ived.
WOf.oE NEWS. FROM,.
METHUEN IS EXPECTED
LONDON, Nov. SO.— The military expert
of the I«ondon Morning Post writes for
to-day's (Thursday's) Issue the following
review of the situation In South Africa:
"It Is >■!• ;tr that the keenest fighter In
Ix»rd Mcthuen's division will have had his
fill before Kimberley Is relieved. It ts
difficult to comprehend the extent of the
M odder Klv«>r ticht from the brief terms
of Lord Melhuen'a dispatch. Certain facts
nr<- glvr-n. The river was in flood and
the bridge, wo presume, was the only
m^ans of crossing It.
"We must suppose that the Boers ?lect
ed to d^f^'i'l the southern approach to the
brldße and that they fought with tne
river behind them, and consequently with
but one, line of retreat and that they were
intrenched with both flanks on the river
banks. The ground at the Modder R'ver
bridge Is higher on the northern Bide, it
Is possible that on this hlph ground the
Rots posted larpe guns and even the
Krupps mentioned in Lord afethu«n's
dispatch.
"He d< tcrlbes the flcht ns one of thr
harde«l In tho annals of the Hrlttsh army.
That : repare for the cosi al
which th»^ tlßht has been won. it seonis
that it bas been won. though th*> dispatch
not enlarge on the results of the vic
tory .mil refrains scrupulously from refer
ring to a victory at sIL
"The Intelligence as to tho movements
of th<* Boers "n the wst-rn t.nnler gives
the tomewhal disquieting inference that
the force which General Metbuen met at
p.m was not that which he del
two ds before al Belmont, bui s detach
ment from the investment of Kltnberlev.
"Consequently the enemy ran never be
effectively beaten, since our fovro is not
sufficient to outflank him In the field, and
he will merely move back after each 'lay's
light, Showing his teeth us hf> ciipp.
"From Natal there Is a complete silence.
but an echo of its necessity comes through
r<-j>orts of transports diverted t«« Durban.
Tha is sufficient testimony to General
Butler's views on th*» situation In Natal.
It may be considered as grave as one has
Courage to refjard it."
BOERS DRAW LINES
OF INVESTMENT CLOSER
LONDON, NOV. Bl— The Standard pub
lishes the follr-wlnß from Ladysmith,
dnt^cl Tuesday. November 21:
"Lasi Saturday I had a whole sackful
of mv correspondence returned to me,
showing tn«' difficulty of communicating
With th.- outside world.
"Thi Boera cannonade continues almost
bui there have been f.-w casualties.
Bvidi ntly the object of the enemy i? \a
rits of the British »n.. pg
by Incessant barasslng- Tho procped of
the Kritish advance from tho «i ( .n-ti l, t <
impelled the noors to redouble th^lr ef
fort?. Thoy are mounting more Rims and
drawing the lines of Investment closer."
CASUALTIES AT BELMONT
AND BEACON HILL
LONDON, Nov. 29.- A revised list of th*
British casualties ;u Betmoni shows: < >f
ftcers kiii>.i. 4; wounded. B; non-oommto
stoned ofßcers and privates killed, ■»•*;
wounded, W, <'f whlrh inimf-.-r tin-
Ouards bad X killed and n wuundad.
a revised Ist >t 'tv- casualtlea sus
tained by General Hildjrard's forr^s at tho
battlo of Reacon Hill shows: Killed, IS;
wounded. 64; mlsMn*. 1. and prisoners, 1
FREE STATERS WERE
OVERWHELMED BY NUMBERS
PRKTnRiA. Monday, Nov. 27— Gonoral
Putort reports that the Brltlnh mado a
aortia from Klmberlav early Saturday
morninsr snd firnl r,n the tfa :ir
tlllory ?inrt Infantry in the darkness. The
British sortie *
* GENERAL LORD METHUF.N. I
« in Command of the British .
♦ Flying: Column for the Relief ♦
♦ of himberley.
♦
Boor force was stationed. On our (the
Boer) side there were 100 men. General
Dutort, who was nine miles off, hastened
to the assistance of the Bloembof contin
gent with 100 men. Nine burghers wore,
killed, seventeen wounded and there were
some missing. The British left on the
field a private and a sergeant
It is reported that the British attempted
to leave Kimborley on the east side tn
assist Hie troops from Belmont.
Commandant Lubbe was slightly wound
ed. The British have repaired the damage
to the railroad.
The Free Staters engaged with the
Boers were overwhelmed by numbers, and
after a brave stand until the afternoon
•we were compelled to take up another
position on the other side of the railroad.
Delarey says it Is Impossible to Rive the
number of killed and wounded Boers, but
the loss is not great.
The Boers had four puns to the British
twenty-four. The general says the !•>• >%
Staters are full of courage.
(The latter part of the foregoing dis
patch from "the Free Staters engaged"
evidently refer* to either the battle of
Belmont or the battle of Kristin or Gras
Pan.)
•—• — . — _
VICTORIA INSPECTS
THE GRENADIER GUARDS
LONDON. Nov. —Enthusiasm marked
the. departure to-day of the first detach
ments of the composite battalion of the
Household Cavalry polnp to South Africa.
Surging mas* ■ thronged Windsor, cheer
ing and slnglnp. and similar scenes were
witnessed in London In spite of the dense
fog.
Lord Wolseley bade the Horse Guards
(the Blues) farewell at Knights Bridge
barracks. Tie made ■ speech reminding
the men of the grand military deeds of the
Blues, saying he was assured they would
do their utmost to add to the glory of a
regiment of which they were *<-> Justly
proud, and wishing them godspeed, good
luck and a safe return.
Struggling crowds lined the route to the
station. Incessantly «tnglng and cheering
until the cavalrymen were entrained for
Southampton, where they embarked on
board the transport Maplemore.
There was an interesting ceremony at
Windsor to-day, when the Queen Inspect
< «i the men of the Grenadier Guards, who
recently returned from Omdurman. and
conversed with the wives and families of
the soldiers who have gone to South Af
rica from the Windsor district. The
weather was beautiful.. The Queen was
accompanied by Princess Henry of Bat
tenbefg and Princess Christian.
After an Inspection of the troops her
Majesty briefly addressed Colonel Mutton,
congratulating him on the splendid con
duct of the guards In South Africa and
expressing deep regret at the losses sus
tained. Queen Victoria's words were all
the more earnest Inasmuch as just before
her arrival 'at the barracks she received
news of General Methuen's great victory
In what another telegram received at the
barracks termed the bloodiest battle, of
the century. .
Colonel Hatton thanked the Queen for
her kind words and the guards cheered re
peatedly. .
The. wives and families of the soldiers
were then grouped In front of the royal
carriage and her Majesty sympathetically
addressed them, saying how much she felt
for them and hoping they would have
good acounts of their husbands and fa
thers. The roectaclo was unique. Anx-_
LONDON, Nov. 29.-fJ special dispatch ■
1 from Windsor says tbat Ger)eral Methuen's ■
dispatch to the Queen alter the battle of ■
1 Modder River says: ■
B "The battle was the bloodiest of the ■
i century. The British; shelled the enemy ■
B out of the trenches and then charged. T^e ■
v result was terrib'e " B
Boer and British Commanders at X mberley.
lous wives with erowlnK babies In arms or
In baby carriages passed In front of the
Queen, who leaned forward, dropping
words of sympathy and hope with true
womanly tenderness.
JUSTIFICATION OF
GREAT BRITAIN'S POLICY
LONDON, Nov. 29.— Addressing a Meet
In* of 7000 people In Leicester this evening.
Joseph Chamberlain devoteA th*> greater
part of ii lons speech to a justification «>f
th*» Government's policy In South Africa
and to a refutation of the arguments of
the Karl of Klmberley. Sir Henry Camp
bell-f!annr rnnn and others.
"According to Sir Henry Campbell-Rnn
nerman." said Mr Chamberlain, "we
ought to have skulked bark to our boles
when Mr. Kriii.- refused to listen to our
peaceful representations. That would
have lost us South Africa, weakened our
hold upon India and earned us the con
tempt of mankind."
I xb.f war was Inerltabte,
althoiifjli doubtleaa Mr Krnsjer wodM
have preferred to wait until Knaiand »ms
invi>l\»>(i with Bone oth«r ;>•>«. r
Ri ferrinß t" ttu- conditions und^r whl^h
fjovernaenl Kra:it">i the
convention <>f UO. be denied fh.it tn»>
urant mv madi Mr. Olad
feared a general i>utrh rij«injc.
"The real -reason." he asserted, "was
because the Gladstone Government be
lieved the annexation of the Transvaal in
IST7 occurred under a misapprehension of
Lord PeaCQliafleM that a majority of th*»
Doers de aired annexation. It was after
ward proved that this was not their de
sire, and the annexation was canceled."
R< '■ rrlns to the basis ar.il of
tnent after the war. Mr. Chamber
lain said:
•I do not like to divide tho nkin
I have caushi th<- bear. i>ut I mn«t m':.^t
thai the Boera, by their own a<ti.>n. h.i\»>
d .1 clean shoot, upon which w<» ran
writ.- vrhal «re pleaae. and i feel convinced
that <Mir loyal feUow-mibJecta In Case
Colony and Natal WOUM regard no nohj
tlon as durablo which did nut provide be
yond the ahadow of a doubt for the su
rrfma< y «>f th#> Britl.«h flnß— th.
guarantee of settled ; • d the only
COLUMBIA LIGHTSHIP
DRIFTS ON THE SANDS
The Sea Ran Very Heavy, but ill
the lien Were Finally Rescued
by the Life-Saying Crew.
ASTORIA. Nov. 29.— Lightship No. 50 Is
ashore just Inside McKensie Head, one
mile north of the mouth of the river, and
It is doubtful if her crew of eight men can
be saved. The lightship went adrift Tues
day night, and the tugs Escort and Wai
lula und, the lighthouse tender Manzanlta
went out after her this morning. She
was sighted ten miles off shore, heading In
under sail. The Watlula reached her first
and brought her nearly to the entrance,
when the hawser parted. The Manzanlta
then took hold of the lightship and start
ed In with her. but the hawser again
parted and became tangled In her propel-
The lightship was in serious danger
when the tug Escort went to her assist
ance late In th« afternoon. The lightship
was drifting toward the rocks, when the
Kscort managed to get a hawser to r*<»r.
The rope failed to hold In the raging sen.
but It did not part until th.- H.i, .-- ves
■el was pulled around the point. When
the hawser parted the last time th« tug
could only watch the lightship coins In
PTUCK FIVi: (MINTS.
!«#>furify for th* lum tr*arm*nt of all th«
' -
WITH RHODES' COMPLIMENTS.
LONDON. Nov. 30.-Th» Dally T*!»
jrrnph publishes lilt* dlspitch from Its
>-!■*■ correspondent:
KIMBERLEY. Nov. 23 -An »rmor*<t
train making a r*eonnolaMinc« to-d*y wai
fired upon by a Rrx»r Run. but no damage
was done. Our artillery replied with
thills of n#» }u-t>r* Company')* manuf >r
tart, marked "With C. J. Rhode*' com
pliments." Under this fin the encftiy
fled.
A --*•••»», tvhn was a prisoner In thn
Boer camp for a fortnight and then es
caped, states that In the Dromfleld fljcht.
besides Commandant IJotha. four others
were killed on the xpot nnd two dle«1 on
th ro;id to Qochof. Many Boers have
been killed in recent enticements.
NEWS FROM LADYSMITH.
LADYSMITH. Monday. Nov. ■.« (by mes
senger to Mool Rlv«r).-AU her*, are we!l
and cheerful The lioers arc not shelling
to-<lay and we have no fear' that they
will attack the town. Our position w«
have made very strong with redoubts and
breastworks, and we look forward con
fidently to the ultimate result.
CANADIAN TROOPS ARRIVE.
CAPI :• m N n k\\at\
ateamer Sardinian. Capi
from Monti
0. having
contlnr-nt tot Boutk Africa I*oo strona
I hred h>ere.
FOUND DEAD IN BED.
Sudden Ending of Former Collector
Black.
PORTLAND. Nov. a. -Thorn™ J.
Black. who v; Collector of Custom* for
this district during the second Cleveland
administration, was found dead in his
room In the Imperial Hotel -h,, m'.rrinit
He was apparently In good health when
he • tired last night.
Mr. Black was an old resident of Ore
gon, being a merchant at Halsey when
appointed to the customs service. Death
was due to heart disease.
toward t . h °/ > re - During this tint* th»
nn^lL tOO X »>> until 7 ' o'clock to-nltht.
and , when she I. ft It looked as though th«
"It,shlP" I t , shl P had Pour on the sand*. The tug
:illlll '< was ready to go out when th*
Kseort came to the dock to-night, but the
latter reported that nothiru? could be don«»
In the darkness. Tho . ,:iula will leave
early In the morning..
The lightship has a steel bottom and Is
exceptionally strong, and it Is thought
that If there are no rocks undrr h««r she
may stand the buffeting. Captain Hown
of the Escort speaks hopefully of th*
chances of the crew, but all seamen ijtr»«
that the situation at the bret l.« dCi«prraC«>.
Th" life-saving crew have gone to their
assistance.
•»n board the licht!<hlp are r*ar>tnln 1 -
sepn 11. Marrlm
llunsen and Atitore Fnbf-
Qua JohnMtn Walter Wiv Jo«- '
ard a- 'All ire A*rorlan«.
At 1:30 o'rlork this momlnjr .the op*,
rator at the Tape report* that all the men
on the lightship were rescued by the Uf>
•avinK crew, only one being allghtly ia-
Jurcd.2
POLICE CENSURED FOR
NOT ARRESTING MILLER
Brooklyn Peace Guardians Did Not Act
Promptly in the Notorious
Swindler's Case.
WILLIAM P. .mILLER
■
■
-
i
■
■
*
■ • ■- :
i
J
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
California Bcpresenutives Protest
■ Against the Ratification of the'
Treaty With Jamaica.
"WASHINGTON. Nov. if« -Representa
tives Barhnm, L»e Vrles. Knhn. Waters
and NeMham to-day called upon ReH
jirocity * ■'■mmissloner Kassr.n and entered
ft formal protest against railflcatlon of the
treaty between this country and Jamaica
bo far us It affects the citrous fruit In
dustry of f'alifr.rr.ia. They were told that
the matter was now In the hands of the
Senate and the fight against said treaty
will have to be made there. The delega
tion will urge the Senate to modify or
reject this treaty, as It was a great blow
to the rltrus fruit Industry.
Th«* numbers of the California delega
tion also called upon Secretary Ix>ng and
Assistant Secretary Allen of the Navy De
partment relative to the strike of shtp
vrights at tho Mare Island Navy-yard.
They were told that the Navy Department
r.as still the matter under consideration
and that everything which will be if In
terest to men formerly employed as ship
wrights will be carefully guarded by na
val official*.
Representative Ne»-dh.im called upon the
Comrnls.'-loner «t the General Land Offlcp
to-day and had the department Issue an
order suspending all «*ntrt«-s on certain
lands In Fresno County which have been
clarified heretofore as agricultural lands,
t«ut which are In reality oil lands. Mr.
Nfcrthnrr. will ask the department for a
recla»-Micat]<»n «>f all land* In this
vicinity which are known to contain "11
It has iK-en known by the department that
for t">m» time various companies have
l>< »-n making rattle* with the department
fiT th<-M- ianiln on th«? grounds that they
Were agricultural, but protests received
by Mr. NVedham from various citizens are
to th* eff»M t that the lands are entirely
ell lands. Mr. Needham has demanded of
the department a thorough Investigation
cf this subject and expeots to hear from
It In the n«*r future.
Superintendent Maehen of the rural free
<3ellv«-ry service has assured Representa
tive N«-«'dhnm that his application for freo
delivery pcrvlce at Fresno will be consid
ered by the department at once.
Representative Kahn called on the Su
r><-rvlMng Architect of the Treasury to
tlay and. on behalf of various officials who
v ill hold olllcs In the new Postofllce
bulldlnir, proposed a plan by which the
third floor of the building can be altered
t<) tin to be arranged satisfactorily to the
Judges of tho Circuit Court of Appeals
th« United State* Circuit and District
c-ourts. an agreement which was form
erly suggested by them to the department.
Mr. Kahn was assured that the depart
ment would take the matter under consld
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues o{ soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
4ruggi»u>; all sorts of people use it.
Ir.'.ci-rs. .1-uirnals and cash books. For the
nvmt part these account books w. re
lilank. hut th»*re were figures in plenty
to show what nn <n«>rmous business was
en riled nn. There were probably ?\»o
name* entered at the otnee. Almost every
section <>f the ■--■•. and Canada
had representation in amounts ranging
from fly to {1000. One payment of %V<6 was
made to the 1.. H. M. Investment Com
p.-my. tho initials being those of William
F. Miller's brother I^uls H. Miller. From
October 14 to Xnvembor 16 tlie total
amount pajd out was 1215.r^3; total re
ceived, K01.645.
Prank H. Field of Brooklyn, who was
aj'P<»int«-<l yesterday by Supreme Justice
Smith to act as receiver for th« Franklin
syndicate, went before the court to-day
and declined to pprvc.
oration an<l would let him know the re
sult >-t the investigation.
A postolflce w.-«s to-day established at
Seottsvlile. Memloclno County, and Abra-
Uam Brilliant was appointed Postmaster.
Nathan Is. Hoyt was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Orinda. Contra Coeta.
County; \lee Nellie Hoyt, deceased.
Henry L. Watirj hap been appointed
by the Treasury Department as clerk to
the Hoard of Inspectors of Steam Vessels
at San Francisco.
Dr. ii. J. Wiley has been appointed pen
t-ion examining surgeon fur Northern Cal
ifornia and Oregon.
Representatives Kahn and Waters
calN-d upon President McKtnley to-day
and talked over California matters for a
short time. The President expressed to
both gentlemen his disappointment in not
being able to visit the Pacific Coast dur
ing the present year, but said he would
make evtry effort to visit. California und
tho const in the very near future..
The fight for assignment to the Rivers
and Harbors Committee Is growing
warmer daily. Representative Tongue of
Oregon is bringing to bear every Imagin
able Influence, but the friend's of Mr.
Waters of Los Angeles are confident of
his apnolntm* nt and are meeting their
opponents with all ports of arguments
"Waters will be appointed a member of the
Committee on Rivera and Harbors." say
Barham. Kahn and Needham. "Califor
nia is entitled to '.his and we have no
uoubt of fcuccess."
Army orders: Uy direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War Hospital Stew
ard William A. Cross, Columbus bar
racks. Ohio, having relinquished the un
cxpired portion of the furlough granted
him. Is transferred to the Philippine Isl
ands. He will he sent to Jefferson bar
racUs and will report to the commanding
ofilcer and take charge of a detachment
of hospital corps mm to be Bent to the
hospital corps school of Instruction, Angel
Island Hospital Steward George Glb
!£ n! T»Km rt , I '" a y rr ' Wfj rth. Is transferred to
the Philippine Islands. He will be sent to
Ban Francisco.
The following named enlisted men are
upon their own application plnced upon
the retired list: Sergeant of Ordnance
John Binnlngton and Corporal of Ord
nance Martin. Dooly, Benlcia Arsenal Cal
ifornia.
Private* Duff F. Ros?. Company C
Third Infantry: Clarence B. Lynch 'Com^
'';'">■„ Fourteenth Infantry, an| Musl
clan Thomas F. Henderson. "company B
Twenty-first Infantry. Presidio San
£E? C &?; S* U **«*« to the genTral hos
fcaf treatme^" NeW Me * lc0 ' for »«>-
JURY FINALLY SWORN
TO TRY MOLINEUX
Wife and Mother of the Prisoner
Greet Him Affectionately in
Court.
NEW YORK. Nov. -Th* twelfth and
last Juror in the case of Roland B. Moll
ncux. on trial on the charge of having
caused the death of Mrs. Catherine J. Ad
ams, was sworn at 5 o'clock this after
noon. Juror No. 12 is Frederick B. Crane
a correspondent for the American Book
Company. Earlier In the day Theodore
bandhope. a manufacturer of chemical
and surgical instruments, was selected as
the eleventh Juror. After the ceremony of
administering the oath to Mr. Crane Re
corder Goff turned to the Jury and ex
plained that l.oth the prosecution and the
«nt m m« °f tented to an adjournment
Ivin da • ' to morrow being Thanks-
To secure this Jury of twelve men ro
qtured twelve dayH of tiresome and tech
nical work en the part of the town and
counsel. Five hundred and four talesmen
were examined. I
n. Durtn* tlie m rnin hour* of the trial
Mrs Blanche Chcseoorough Molineux and
Mrs E. L. M 1.:., x. the wife and the
mother of the prisoner, were in the court
room. The two women wore greeted by
General Molineux. father of the defend
ant, when they entered. A few minutes
later the prisoner came Into the room His
face brightened perceptibly when he
caught sight of his wife and mother, and I
hurrying forward, he kissed them again
and again. To-day Is said to be the tlrat
anniversary of the marriage of Mr and
Mrs. Roland B. Molineux. and Mrs. Moli
n«»ux Is reported to have Insisted upon
peeing her husband upon the anniversary
of her wedding. *
■;^r - • •
Charged With Murder.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 20.— The Sacra
mento police to-day arrested a Chinaman
named Lem Deo. who is wanted at
Mar>B\ille for killing a Chinaman a f»w
nights ago in a -highbinder war. The
prisoner derl«e"thkt he did the killing
Further than that ho will Bay nothing.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, IS W.
CONGRESSMEN WHO WILL
OPPOSE BRIGHAM ROBERTS
Majority of Those Willing to Talk Intend Voting
Against the Admission of the Polygamist
to the House.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.-
Interviews with prominent members of
Congress of all parties given here will
MTV< to show the trend of the sentiment
of tho House of Representatives relative
to the disposition to be made In the case
of Representative Brigham 11. Roberts of
Utah.
Kahn cf California— l am unalter
ably opposed to bigamy, but I have not
quite made up my mind on Roberts' case.
I think a general law should be passed
excluding polygamlsts from all offices
rather than a pedal law be made for one
Individual.
on of Illinois — It is very rvi
■>( the United Btatea
ed to th( syst< m of which Mr.
Roberta is a • :ve. If his ac
separated fr.im his belief are la vio
lation of t).' agreement between the
utd Utah be L ; hju;d be ex
chnJ. cl fr<.m th<' House.
Baal ( Alabama— l am in
ellned I . -t .'-••miiiK Mr. R
but have not reached :i I lion. I
1 think th<^ Democrat! will make ■
, • • m< ire of th«
Curtis of Kai i V i may put me
down I do ri"t
think his contention, that the fact that ho
TWO FIERCE
FIRES RACE IN
PHILADELPHIA
Publishing House of Lippin
cott's a Mass of
Ruins.
LOSS TWO MILLIONS
Employes of Burned Out Establish
ments Will Be Cared For by
O.her Department Stores.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call,
PHILAJ>F.LPHIA, Nov. ».— Neari two
: million dollars' worth of property was
destroyed by two fires in the heart of the
bush...-- section of the city early to-day.
I The greater of the two fires started in the
I big department store of Partridge & Rieh
1 ardson, at the southeast corner of JSigULh
and Filbert streets, the very center of the
. shopping district, at 6:30 a. m.. and be
( fore the Barnes had been put under con
trol they spread to adjoining property
and caused ■ heavy loss.
While this fire was progressing and
spreading every moment another I i.
broke, out four blocks away on me fourtn
floor .■• 419 Market street. The loss .it
this lire is estimated at $110,uu0. The losbe*
of the two fires are more than covered
by insurance. Th.- Eighth street fire was
a very ugly one for the firemen to handle.
Eighth street and Filbert street are beta
very narrow thoroughfares. There war. a
strong wind blowing at the time, and the
firemen had . eat difficult] in. preventing
the flames from getting a good hold on
the buildings on both sides of these
streets. As It was. many structures and
their contents were badly scorched and
damaged by water. It took four hours to
get th» Uames under control.
The fire started in the basement of Part
ridge & Richardson's store from an elec
tric spark, and soon the entire building
was a mass of flames. The two stores io
the south of Partridge I Richardson w-re
soon gutted, and then the flames attacked
the big building of the J. B. I,ippincott
Publishing Company, on Filbert street,
east of the burning department store. T;,'s
publishing establishment is one of the
nest known In the country, many first
class reference books, periodicals and nu
merous other pabllcatlona being produced
by the firm. Ihe building was completely
ruined. In this building, stored away in
vaults, is nearly a half million dollars'
■worth of manuscripts, plates and other
material for reference books, and it is
not yet known whether they were de
stroyed.
Lit Brothers' large department store,
which adjoins the Llpplncott building and
which Is valued with Its contents at more
than $1,000,000, was saved, but only after
the contents of one corner of the building
had been damaged. Btrawbrldge & Cloth
ier, another large department store on the
■west side of Eighth street also had a.
narrow escape, and the building and con
tents were damaged to the extent of
about $50.(.») O. A number of other business
houses, adjoining LJpplncott's and Part
ridge & Richardson's, were either entirely
destroy* d or badly damaged.
The estimated losses are: Partridge <&
Rlchardton. J700.000; J. B. Llpplncott
llshlng Company. $600,000; Artman <&
Trelchler. wholesale bouse furnishings,
$100.0\»: Lit Brothers. 185.000; Strawbrldge
& Clothier. JSOAO; Bailey's 5 and' 1 1 cent
store. J.'.0.000; Rosenberg's" millinery store,
530.000; Partridge & Son's restaurant. $20,
000; Westcott & Thompson, electric sup
plies, $10,000. Additional losses, aggre
gating about $25,000, ' were divided
among twelve email concerns. All the.
losses are covered by Insurance.
The second fire was discovered at 7:30
o'clock In the four-story building at 419
Market street, occupied by several man
agers and wholesale dealers. The entire
building was gutted, as was also the ad-
Joining building. No. 417. The estimated
loss Is $110,000. distributed among nine
firms. Th» loss on the buildings is esti
mated at $40,000. j
More than MM persons are thrown out
of work by the. fires, . but , the proprietors
of other department stores offer tempor
ary employment to all of Partridge <*a
Richardson's 900 employes at the salaries
they received from the burned out firm.
Although the big fire raged for more
than four hours, there were no casualties
beyond a few minor injuries received by
a half-dozen firemen,
AMERICA'S SHOWING
AT THE PARIS FAIR
Forty-Five States to Be Represented
by a Suitable Array of
Exhibits.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 29.— Speaking
to-day at a luncheon tendered to him by
otllclals of the National ' Export Exposi
tion. Ferdinand W. . Peck, United States
, Commissioner General to the Paris Expo-
Ktitlon. said that exhibits for the Paris
Exposition had been selected from every
one of the forty-live States of this na
tion; that America would have 7000 exhib
itors, and that theM exhibit? must now be
concentrated nnd the herculean work un
dertaken of getting them across tho ocean
and Installed In the Paris Exposition.
At Paris the capstone would be placed
upon the monument to -a century of
American progress. The American ex
hibits would be ten times as many as nt
Vienna, six times as many as In Paris In
ISTS. four times as many as In Paris In
ISJ>9 and two and one^half- times more than
I France had at Chicago In 1833.
Commerce Negotiations.
RIO DE JANEIRO. Nov. 2?.— Dr. O. de
Toledo Almalda. the Brazilian Minister at
Paris, has embarked for France, charged
with the negotiation of a treaty of com
merce between the two countries. He will
probably also negotiate treaties with
Italy, Spain and Germany..
lias lived in polygamy since the State was
admitted is not In violation of the .
ment with the Initod States is sound. '■
nnat agreement as contained in the en* !
BDllng a< ' and the I'tah constitution
polygamy unlawful. Continuance '
"t polygamy is as unlawful as contrac- ;
tl« ns ol i.e-w marriages.
■ -on nf Virginia— l am Inclined
to vote against the seating of Mr. Rob
and by so doing i believe I will be
carr>'lng out the wishes of my constitt*
ents. ' I
Hitt of Illinois— As I may he one of the
: Jury in Roberts' case, if would be highly
improper for me to say how I shall vote
in advance of hearing tho testimony. This
woman's light, ami we know how
powerful the fair sex can be when they
are unind on a proposition.
Brownell of Ohio- I will be with those '
who oppose Rol
Bddy ■ : Minnesota— l shall vote to r»»
fuse Mr. Roberts ■ leal in the House. 1
. because I believe if he retains his no a t
n win be Interpn ted throughout r !io
world aa a gui - tlon of polyga
i • Eiouse of Represent
, JltlV. P.
lenslager if x.-w Jersey— Unless
Mr. Roberts can rompl. tely char himself
of the charges made against him 1 shall
favor • xpelling him from the House.
1- >>ts ol India i • luim.ni in my
district is overwhelmingly In favor of de
priving Mr. Roberta of his seat in tin-
House. I am in harmony with this semi- .
WILL ESCORT THE
CARNIVAL QUEEN
Miss May Kenyon the
Choice of Globe.
Special P!?ratch to The r«U.
Gl.Oi'.i:. Ariz.. Nov. 29.— Much Interest
i- t- in* manifested in this ■gctloil of
Ariz"! the prr.it carnival to b«
. during next week, Each
MISS MAY K.NYON.
OX the principal t' \\ : and cities will o»
: during tho celebration by ■
v.'mii,' !.,•!,• who will a<t rus ■ :imi<l of
honor to the queen of the carnival.
Th. rh 'ii<. nf Qlobe baa fallen upon
mny Kenjron, one of the- mi bI
Iful girls in the Territory. Sh.- li ■
• daughter an<l her parents were
married in phoenix. Tluit
■ . Not only
•.zt.s of Globe, but hli the people
'■:' Qila Count) win feel themselves hoa
ored by theii fair r- \<v -• ntative.
BIGAMIST WILSON'S
CAREER IN CRIME
Man Wanted in Sr.n Jore Found to
Have Once Served a Term
for Murder.
BOSTON, X"\ :~« < - hlef Inspector
■ to-day identified a photograph sent
to him by H j Langford, Bheri 9 ••.
Clara County, Cal . as thai of Charles
\VilKon, alias Ni<'k li.fanto. all is "Little
Nick." who was sent to prison for life on
September 16, 1889, r>r participating in the
murder of Mr. Frye in this city in 1888
Wilson wu pardoned by Governor Kus
sell on November 8, i y :.<.*
The man the California authorities are
trying to find la wanted on charges of
grand larceny and bigamy. Aft. r having
lived in Santa Clara wttn a woman sup
posed to be his wife he married another
about four months ago. The second
woman, it is maintained, had between
tnO and $*"i in bank. It is alleged that on
November 21, having secured this money
tho man l<-ft th.it i.lace with his former
wife. Chief Watts had sent Wilson- rec
ord to «■;■'! r - rnia and the police of all the
large cltir; ai d town of the country have
notified to be on the lookout for
him.
THOUSANDS OF MINERS
MAY BE CALLED OUT
Union Men Resent the Imprisonment
of John P. Reese for Contempt
of Court.
PITTSBURO. Kans., Nov. 29— The ex
citement .n union labor circles resulting
; from the action of Federal Judge Wil
liams, Kitting at Fort Scott, in sentencing
John P. Roepe. the lowa member of the
national executive board of the United
Mine Workers of America, to serve three
months In the Federal prison for alleged
contempt, culminated to-day In an order
for retaliation. To-night an order was
Issued by the executive board of District
No. 14 for a general suspension of coal
mining in the entire district on Monday
next, if by that time Mr. Rce^e shall not
havo beer, released, it la ordered that
the suspension shall remain In effect until
Mr. Reese shall be released in an honor
able manner by the Federal court.
If it be strictly observed the order for
suspension w'!l affect thousands of min
ers in the Southwestern Kansas district
All union miners working In the vicinity
Ol Plttsburg have been called to meet In
this city to-morrow morning.
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT'S
MOVE IN AFGHANISTAN
Has Obtained the Ameer's Consent to
Establish a IHplomatic
Agency.
LONDON, Nov. 30. -The Dally Chronicle
this morning publishes what it calls
"startling Information." saying:
"Russia has decided to establish a
permanent diplomatic agency In Caboul
next spring. The Ameers consent hns
been Obtained and p..ur parleUTS have
been exchanged between count Muravieff
and Qraat Britain, which is not likely to
oppose- the step "
WHITE WFLL NOT RESIGN.
Embassador Says the Report Is
Fiction.
BERLIN, Nov. 29.— Embansador White,
who is taking a short vacation in Italy,
sent the following dispatch to the As
sociated Press this evening, in reply to
an liwiii ry regarding the report that he
intended- to resign on account of ad
vanced nge:
enure nalon!- 10 which y ° u allude Is * n
entire fiction."
ment. and If the case against him 1b pud
atantiated I shall vote as the peopie of my
district wish.
Fl- ming of Georgia— lf it is shown that
Mr. Roberts' alleged marital relations are
illegal or immoral It is highly probable
that 1 shall vot< to expel him.
IfeLeaa of Mississippi— l shall vote to
unseat him unU-ss h»- proves his innocence
—shows that he has violated none of the
laws.
Barkett of Nebraska— l think Utah has
viuliit.fi the compact Fhe made on onti-r-
Ing tho Cnlf-n, anrl unl»-«s Mr. Rnhoits
< an BhoWsoflM Rf od reason why ho should
i • i rmitted tr» remain I think my district
favors expelling him.
Taylor of Alabama— l am in favor of un
peating Mr. Robert*, on both legal and
moral grounds, and I shall vote to do bo
after ho baa been regularly sworn in.
<;r..w of Pennsylvania— It Is mere hoy's
play to pay thf't the House has not the
rlKht and power to prevent any member
elect from takh'K tli • oath of ofnV. [f
there Is sufficient reason for expelling h
member l>y a two-thirds vote, the hum
s. if they exist at the time he up.
Dean to take tho oath, would warrant the
House to refuse, by a majority vote, to
let him be sworn In. It Is tho duty if tho
House to pass upon the moral as'w-Ml a<*
lo^nl aspocts of eases before a member Is
sworn In. I 'have not yet made up my
mind whether or not I shall vote ag.iinv
Mr. Roberts, and I shall not do bo until
I know all the facts.
WITHDRAWAL
OF TROOPS
FROM CUBA
Heavy Reduction in the
American Garrisons on
the Island.
NO FEAR OF REVOLT
General Wood Says Practically All
of the Cubans Have Turned
in Their Arms.
: Mf-i-atrh to The rr 811.B 11.
WASHINGTON, Nov. "(.-General Leon
ard Wood, who reached Washington" last
ntpht. had a two hours' conference with
the Secretary of War to-day. After the
conference Secretary Root announced that
his recommendations as to th.- removal of
troops from Cuba had been approved, and
that orders would be Issued putting them
Into effect.
Qeneral Wood says that in his opinion
all th«> rumors of impending trouble in
Cuba trer« sroundleas; that th»r« was no
: roapeet of a revolt, and that what
i\. r fri< tion and discontent did tairt
among th«- Cuban* wa» due to the racuit
talk of a civil K'»vertiin»nt on the i»Un'.
\\ h. n ai-k.d ai>out the report of hit se
l«Ctlon for this pusltlon, General Wood
said:
"I do not know a thin* about It. I have
learned nothing of the plan for a civil
governorship other than what I have seen
in the papers. it has not been offered to
me, and I have not been asked for nny
suggestions on the subject. Whatever dis
content may have arisen among the
Cubans on this subject grows, 1 think,
from their misunderstanding of the term
'civil government." 1 rather take It that
they understand it to mean permanc-it
American government for the Island. This
Is only speculation, however; for I heard
nothing of these rumors In Cuba before
I left.
"1 can speak of my own department.
There is no indication of trouble there,
On the contrary, we have had turned in
over MOO rifles. Adding to these arms
that have been retained for the rural
guard and those the natives have kept
for the protection of their own homes in
the outlying districts. I think you will ac
count for all the arms in the province."
When asked if there were any possibil
ity of an outbreak among the rural guard,
General Wood said :
"No more than there is of an Insurrec
tion among the police force Jn Washing
ton. "
Concerning his mission to Washington,
he said that It was merely for consulta
tion about the reduction of the American
force on the Island,
"I have recommended a reduction of
about 20 per cent of the force In my de
partment," said he; "that Is to say. the
recall of the Fifteenth Infantry arid the
removal of a squadron from each of the
cavalry regiments. I think that this Is
perfectly feasible. When I say that San
tiago in quiet. It Is a pretty fair Indica
tion of the condition throughout the Is
land. Every revolution that has started
there has started In Santiago province,
and In the last war 70 per cent of the
troops were drawn from that province."
Regarding the general conditions in his
department, General Wood said that they
were favorable: the courts were being ad
ministered under as mild an American
supervision as was consistent with keep
ing diligently at work and preventing de
lays In the administration of Justice; the
people were being kept reminded that In
case of palpable mal-admlnlstration
through reversion to the old Spanish
methods they had always the right to
appeal and have any matter thoroughly
Investigated; people were being kept em
ployed and the detailed reforms of the
petty courts and the lower school system
were things that would come eventually
through patient work and local educa
tion.
It Is said that the President has de
cided on the reward to be allotted to
General Wood when his term of service
In Cuba Is over. It Is said on good au
thority that General Wood Is elated to
succeed General George M. Sternberg an
surgeon general of the army when the
latter retires by law In June of the com
ing year. It has been reported several
times that General Wood would receive
a brigadier generalship, as he has been
urged for this by some of his friends In
recognition of his services in the Santi
ago campaign and afterward as Governor
of that province. The President has been
Inclined to bestow some substantial recog
nition on him, but It Is well understood
that the gift of a general's commission
In the- lino would cause a great deal of
feeling among the officers of the regular
establishment, many of whom are General
Woods senior by many years. Th.- same
objection may hold to a lesser extent on
the medical staff, but it la urged by the
friends of General Wood that he has
proved himself eminently capable In ad
ministrative work. It Is said that when
ho was last in Washington the matter
was talked over between him and the
President, and that General Wood was
offered the place and accepted It al
though his preference was for a place on
the line. This was at the time he re
fused a very flattering offer from the
street railway syndicate here, a refusal
hardly likely from a staff captain unless
with some very definite prospect of fu
ture preferment In view
The surgeon generalship would nlace
General Wood at the head of the medical
staff of the American army at but a lltt'i,.
over 35 years of age, making htm the
youngest officer ever holding this respon
sible position It would leave him twi-nty
five years of active service If he so de
sired in a position carrying with It great
prestige in the profession, both at home
and abroad. v
General" Wood has taken a house In
Washington MM Rhode Island avenue
Into which he has moved with his ramtlv"
"I"» V ls taught "»t this is another,,-"
dlcatlon that he will make his perm -
ne.t residence here at no very distant
NAVAL TRAINING FOR
CAPTAIN GRIDLEY'S SON
President McKinley and Admiral Dewey
Agree to Bear the Expense of
His Schooling.
I WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— J. P. V. Grldiey. a son of the late Charles V. <
> Gridley, who commanded Admiral Dewey's flagship at the battle of Manila, <
* was to-day designated for appointment as a lieutenant In the Marino Corps *
■ by the President. ,
\ Young Grldley 1b too old to enter Annapolis, and the only opening for j
I him In the navy Is by appointment to the Marino Corps, but he lacked the ;
] necessary naval education, and. worse than all. the money for study. The <
*, boy was too modest to tell any one of his situation, but Admiral Dowey. ,
> who loved his father. supecte.l It and decided to act. He determined to pay <
I the boys* expenses while studying for the lieutenancy.
i This morning he met young Grldley at the White House and presented {
» him to the President. . Admiral Dewey started to explain the situation, !
> when the President Interrupted and »aM: . . <
• "You and I. admiral, will pay his expenses In preparation for exam - «
I tlon. If he falls In the first examination I will give him another chance; <
I but I am sure he will be ready when the time comes." j
» As Admiral Dewey and the young man were descending the White House ;
} steps the admiral was saying to th«- son of his old comr i
? "Now you keep an account of your expenses and let me know what they j
• are." ,
i At the foot of the steps the admiral ran Into a group of newspaper m»n ,
» "I shall be glad to give you an Item this morning." MM the admiral. ,
> "The President has Just agreed to designate this young man. ■ son of Cap- (
*. tain Oridley. for examination for a lieutenancy In the Marine Corps. Hut ho «
\ has no money with which to prepare himself for the examination." he con- '
? tlnued. "However, the President and I are going to attend to that." J
» 1 ..• added, looking at the son of his old friend with a suspicious moisture In t
> his eyos. i
» " "Now." said the admiral, as he turned away, "let the people of the coun- ;
i try know what sort of a President they have." \
\ Mr. Gridley's mother, the widow of the gallant commander of the Olvm- J
> pla. is living at Erie, Pa. She Is drawing a pension of £:>> a month, which
> her friends In Congress will seek to have Increased by special act during the <
| approaching session. «
HARPER BROTHERS
PLAN FOR FUTURE
Only One Publication to
Be Dropped.
Pr.erjal ninpafh to The r*\\.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— John W. Har
per of the firm of Harper & Bros.. »h a
assigned yesterday to the State Trust
Company, said to-day that the rrifmt • r.-<
of the Harper family would soon meet
the officers of the Trust Company and
representatives of other creditors for tho
arrangement of the business. It Is be
lieved that nil the creditors will *lye the
Harpers their active support. The peri
odical publications of the house will be
continued with the exception of "Liter
ature" In its American form. The linn
probably will return to its earlier policy
—that of importing an imprint edition of
this Enrltsb weekly. The editor of ' Lit
erature" ?n this country. John Kenonck
Jiangs, lias assumed the editorship of the
"Weekly." No editor of the "Hazar" has
yet been appointed to succeed Mrs. Ham
ster.
The Mr-ulatlon of the "Monthly."
President Harvey said to-day, had been
favorably affected by the reduction of
price. An annual reduction of $120,0<j0 In
the expenses of the house had been ef
fected, chiefly by reducing salaries. Mr.
Pago, and Dr. Kindley have Joined the
Ftaff of the Doubleday & McClure Com
pany and from that firm may be expect
ed the promised encyclopedia and the
new 10-cent magazine.
President 'Harvey says that the North
American Review will not be added to
the publications of Messrs. Harper Ac
Brothers, but will remain an Independent
enterprise. Modern machinery will be
substituted for the old-fashioned Harper
plant and the saving thus effected will M
large.
MISS SMALLEY FILES
A BILL OF PARTICULARS
Was the Sole Attendant of James T.
Murphy During His Last
Illness.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 23.— A bill of particu
lar* filed to-day In the suit of Bertha
Smalley airalnst the estate of the lite
James T. Murphy for J24.000. due for ser
vices furnished deceased, shows that the
trial will be •> sensational one. The at
torneys for the estate had asked for the
bill of particulars. It shows that from
February, Mt, to November 18. IM. tne
time of his death, she was his «ole con
panlon and performed all the duties of a
wife. It rtates that Murphy was very
dissipated and that she took care of him.
During the last few months of his Uress
his condition was such that he could not
leave the room and she »m obliged to
keep a close watch over him. Many Pmes
she rend to him all night to Keep him
quiet. Ml<s Smalley states that she also
transacted all of Murphy's business.
H I Koxvalsky and E. M. Rosenthal,
attorneys for Miss Smallev. state thit
before his death Murphy told their client
he had purchased bet a home on McAl
lister street for JIO.OOO and would soon
give her a (Wed to It: also that he had In
sured his life In her favor for SI > •■■
Shortly before his death he had also
promised to marry her and take a wtd
dlng tour.
Murphy left an estate of $250,000 nnd
Miss Bmalley, with whom he had lived
for years, was totally ignored. She then
began a suit for services rendered, ask
ing for 524.000.
INSTITUTE CLOSES.
Teachers Spend a Very Enjoyable
Day at Woodland.
WOODLAND. Nov. 29.— The third and
last day of the Teachers' Institute was
one of the most Interesting of the entire
session. As on previous days, the attend
ance was good.
During the session of Tuesday afternoon
the superintendent, Mrs. 8. K. Peart, took
occasion to pay a very high compliment
to the enterprise of The <"all ln providing
for its readers tho department known us
the "Home Btudy" corner. Her remarks
were liberally applauded.
The question nt ' H.w < 'an Hl*h Schools
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of the Disease.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failei
to Even Help.
Then* has been discovered by th« State
Medical Institute. M 3 Elektron bulling. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. the most rvmarkable Ulood I'olson |
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such In-
dications as mucous patches In the mouth.
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancres, i
ulceratlons on th» body and In hundreds of j
cases where the hair and jrows had fallen |
cut and the whole skin was a mass of bolls,
pimples and ulcers this wonderful specific has
completely changed the whole body into a
clean, perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brlnKs
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
ous cure anil to enable those who cannot travel
to realize what a truly marveloui work the In-
stitute If uic.iinpli'hlnr they will tend free to
every sufferer a free trial trout ment so that
tvery one can cure themselves In the privacy
of their own home. This Is th« only known
cure for |:i.i.<d Poison. Do n.t hesitate to
write at once and the free trial will be sent
sealed In plain package. '
and Grammar Schools Be Brought More
Closely Together?" brought out a long
discussion. in which n.a: y teachers par
ticipated.
"The Value of I^itln to Students Not
Preparing for College" was entertainingly
discussed.
Professor O. P. Jenkins of Stanford Uni
versity gave an interesting lecture on sci
ence in the forenoon and a lecture on
"Nature Study" In the afternoon.
Mrs. ROM V. U'interburn of Stockton
lectured on "'History" In the morning,
and on "The United States From 17*1 to
lSlo." She wan one of tho best Instructors
heard during the session of the Institute.
The usual resolutions were offered and
adopted, and th.- Institute wan closed
with appropriate remark* by Superintend*
••tit Peart and others and the «>lnKlng of
"Auld Lang Syne."
DIED OF LUMPY JAW.
Herder Believed to Have Contracted
the Disease From Sheep.
FRESNO. Nov. 20.— Joso Maria I'harte
died to-day at the County Hospital of
lumpy Jaw. the first case of th disease In
the history of the county. lie was un
conscious for ten days preceding his
death.
I'harte contracted th* disease while
herding sheep about nine months ago. but
sterns ••> have done nothing for It until
about four and a half months ago. when
he went to the French Hospital In Jan
Francisco for treatment. At the hospital
the lumpy Jaw was lanced, but nothing
was found except a swelling. It Is »up-"
posed that Uharte contracted the disease,
from sheep.
Anatomical '»„ T
Lecture _ M§.-,
Reginnlng with •*""■*■
n>. 6, we have the »|«-
lung*. It does not /t_t_ 1
follow that you have L2^ / /
consumption Ju«t be. > \*y ) 1
cause you have a v. f /
cough, a tight feel- I A IyS
In* in che»t. an op- ' >•
pressed feeling, or / * J
mucous ezpectorm- */ 5 /
tlon. Nine times 1 , /
out of ten It Is <!u« ( /
to a weakness of -^n — * -•■?"•/
the nerves that con- Q /
trol the lungs. Hud- /
yan cures. Hudyan /
averts consumption ml
by strengthening th« > /<
lungs ami the nerves A^ <^1
that control th • isjr==- -**i
lungs. , S^ 1
Fig. < points out WVV^v I
the heart. When \\\^S^ '
your heart flutters Vv\. - /
(palpitation). II Is \m\\av I
weak. This <■ a \\\ O^J
warning of danger. \ tV.\. /
Hudyan averts the MxN /
danger, for Hudyan \ N. •/
strengthens the heart / y
and cures functional I /
weakness. I Q rv
We come nest to \ \\
fig. 1. the brain. Dli- \ \\
zlnetis dull or thrub. ' x \ 11
blng neadarha. «> 1- I I
dlneim. denotes or- \ a I
gan 1 c disturbance, \7 1
with brain compllca- \ I
tlon. Hudyan po»l- _J \
tlvely cures such *"*
troubles. /v/ v - L
Figs. 2 and 3 rep- / **/
resent the complex- /ij*J
lon. Paleness, nal- \*r~
lowneM. emaciation. •
haggard look. th»^e »'• at once remoTed hjr
Hud yan. Hu<lyan t>rlng<t back the glow of
health. There remain fl«« 7 and ?. the mt>»c|es
figs. % and IS, the Joints, rains In Jo|nt» or
muscles denote bloo<l changes. «nd nuch condi-
tion Hudyan promptly cures. Hudyan perma-
nently relieves pains In Joints and muscles.
Hudyan— all drugglMs— -' v * package, sis
packages for I? M If your druggist 4o+* n«t
keep It send direct to the HirDYAN REMEDT
CO.. corner Stockton. Ellis am! Market streets.
San Francisco. <'al.
CONSULT HUDTAN DOCTORS ABOUT
TOUR CASE. FREE OF CHARGE. CALL.
OR WRITE.
(fiend fop entire «eri:« of Anatomical
Lectures— FßEE.)
WEEKLY CALL
at It Publishes the Cream of th»
J News of the Week and
o/ MANY ATTRACTIVB AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS TUB BEST WEEKLY
OC PAPER ON TUB
J PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best >v / Mining
~j Telegraphic >y/^ News That
° ] Service oo /\^ U ArcuraU
ol Ib« Coast / \&uptod*U
« / V __
A —
oi Not a Line of It Sensatlonil
3 Not • Line of Not a Line of
or Faky, and Not a Line of
Z) It Dry or Uninteresting
°^ __,
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT nESTOItATIVE. INVI.;.
t<.r and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Hp^ctal
T- nk- for the H<*xual Orrann of both sexea.
The M<'ilr.in Hemedy tot Dtseasrs of the KM-
ne>s and Hl.nl !<r. Hells on in own merits.
NAHKR. ALTS * ItRUNB. Airents.
ZZ3 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.*BUCHANAN EXHIBITS
A SPLENDID MEMORY
Proceedings May Precipitate a Thorough
Investigation of Methods in Vogue
at the Napa Insane Asylum,
HIGH BUCHANAN.
Fpeci*! Dlfpm'eh to The Call.
NAT A. Nov. :».— lnterest In the now
celebrated llnch Huchanan case has in
crcasod, with the full realization that the
great battlo for the custody of hla person.
is fairly on let ween I>r. A. M. Gardner.
medical superintendent of the Napa State
U.'s-l'Mii. and the Sheriff of Yuba County.
The i.i>.- hujj added attructlon from the
J..it that it it recognized, though not
op< dJj avowed; that the issue will involve
'.. • vindication or c< nvlctlon of Dr. Gard
: • : ::. > onnection with ilie charge, of con
eplntcy made by Hugh Buchanan and
oiiiers. It la ul>o expected that this mat
ter will be made the basts for a thorough
investigation of tho administration of iii
lulrt at the Napa. Atylum under the pres
<:.: regime. Attorney General Ford has
»;.\.:i clot* attention to th« proceedings
ounng the pa.»t two days and has al»o
•..■;.:, an active part In the examination
"i witnesses. He J.- generuily believed to
L« present .is the personal icprisciiiatl\ e
vf tin- Governor. To-day's i>roceedlngs
w* re mostly tak> :\ up with the testimony
OX witnesses v:i b. half of Dr. Gardner, by
which an enJeavoi w.ta made tc •jj-ow
t). -t Buchanan 4ras been insane for nearly
ia • :.:..• yiuri ji;i>t.
District Attorney McPaniel of Marvs
viJle w.is recalled fcr the purpose of. testi
j\t« larthur to the application of buila
doana to <>n« of Buchanan's eyea during
li.c orlglnaJ trial at Marysvllle by Dr. J.
1L Harr of t!.;:t :<mn. The witness stated
that he took p.u titular ncticc of the iact
t:..it the (irug. Wtoich dilates the pupil of
the e>e, had been applied to the organ on
the rlsht-huud side, the on* nearest the
jury. It gave the defendant a peculiar
wild look, be said, the inference being
that the treatment w;>s r< sorted to in or
<?er to make the desired impression on the
3ur>'. Dr. Barr had explained to the wit
uef» that the drug was UM-d to facilitate
the examination of tho retlna.
D. McCartney, jui abundant at th»» asy
lum. dft>crltH<J tho lait attempt of Hu
ctianan bo e«' i;>e from th'? asylum. When
overtaken ;h« fugitive offer<xl renistance,
lut fought only like, any t»ane man might
have done. The witness expressed tho
opinion that be did not think Huchanan
Insane a:>d had never seen anything to
iMlicate that he va.« rot mentally sound.
i->< r.ator Cutter, who w-RK the <ifflcial
tf'orthand reporter during the trial of
)<uchanaji fit Mar>-svllle, was called to the
*iand by Attorney Anderson on behalf of
l>r. Oardner. Ho r»ad from his steno
graphic notes the testimony given by E.
S. Hurhanuji, a tirothtr of Hugh, at tho
trial l>efore Judge Davis. This went to
i- how that Hugh wag struck on the head
■*vith a billiard cue in IW>, that fever re
pulted and that after the recovery from
the fever the mind of Hugh showed great
Imra'rmejit.. ro mu-'h so that the brother
thereafter looked upon him :ts an lmbe
r!le. but rot dangerous. No effort was
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m^' j ' the
JW FARMER
|;.f 14 WORKS
mm hard
For a living. Ho has to. He most
•make hay while the Run 6bines," no
matter bow he fe*ls. The result is over-
work. The sfcomarh usually gives the
first sign of MO. The organs of diges-
tion and nutrition are deranged. Food
docs not nourish. Indigestion appears.
In such a can? Dr. Pierre's Golden Med-
ical Discovery rr-esVablishes the health
by a complete can of the diseased organs
of dige*stion and nutrition. It cleanses
the stomach, purifies the b!ood and re-
moves the cauacs of disease. It is a
temperance medicine, and contains no
whi&ky nor alcohol.
■ I »-a« troubled with ladiirrrtioa for about two
•year*," write* Wi Bowker. I>q.. of JuliaeUe
Itub Co.. Idaho. ■ X tried differrut doctor* And
maedie* but to no avail, until I urotr to Dr.
Pirrct and he told tae what to do. I suffered
wish a pain :.. my stomach and left hide and
thought It woull kill tae. ' ara clad to write and
lei you taow O:il I em nil right. I can do my
work bow without pain end . doa't hare that
tired feeling that X used to have. Pir» bottle* of
Z>r. Pierce* Golden Medical Discovery and two
vial* of )iia ' licasant Pellet*' cured tae."
Sick people can consult Dr. Pierce by
letter free. All correspondence private.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, X. Y.
ever made to restrain him. During the
recital of this testimony Senator Cutter
was frequently assisted by the excellent
memory of Hugh Huchanan. who was
present In court, in deciphering the names
OC persons and places, to the writing of
which shorthand is not well adapted
J. EL McDowell. T. J. Downing Mrs. C.
M. Higgonsou. Thomas Shields Drs •'
H. Wheeler and G. H. Flett. all of Sis
tons, had their testimony repeated by
fcenator Cutter. Kach had expressed the
opinion that ichanan was not perfectly
san«\ but under cross-examination eacn
In turn admitted that Huchanan was a.l
dteted. to the us« of liquor, and that many
of his acts which they described as pecu
liar might have been committed after he
had been bending his elbow too frequent
ly. A rather unexpected turn was riven
the case just before the reading of Dr.
biett'a testimony. District Attorney H.-il.
who Is in the case us a friend of the
court, but who is assisting in making a
determined effort in behalf of Huchanan.
objected to Flett's testimony ns being
cumulative. He declared the object of the
present hearing was to establish Buchan
an's sanity nt this time, not to attack the
judgment of the court which found him
Insane. Hell said he admitted Huchanrm
might have been insane at that time. At
torney Anderson, on behalf of Gardner,
made a pl»-a for this testimony.
"There has been introduced an ele
ment," he said, "in the nature of a charge
that this was In some sense a ilxed-UD
affair."
"That came from the statement of the
petitioner." remarked Judge Jones. 1* 1
implicates not only the asylum manage
ment." continued Jones, "but a number of
other people."
"The only testimony of that kind Is that
of Buchanan." interrupted the court, add
ing "continue." and the testimony of
Klett was read.
Adjournment was then taken until Fri
day morning at 10 o'clock.
District Attorney Hell declares that his
admission that Much Huchanan inlßlit
have been Insane at the time of his trial
does not signify that there may not have
been a conspiracy to find Huchanan 11 111 1 -
fane to save him from a criminal proHtcu
tion.
All the testimony thus far taken In the
habeas corpus hearing, he claims, goes to
show that there has been no change In
liuchanstn'B mental condition since h's
commitment to the asylum, and thai he is
pane at the present time. He holds that
if Hucnannn is sane now be was sane :it
the time the killing was done, and that
«lther the medical experts used exceed
ingly bud Judgment or there was a con
spiracy.
Dr. CJardnc-r is billed to take the stand
on Friday, and his examination Is ex
pected to be the most sensational of the
hearing. Other witnesses will also ap
pear from Bville. it was announced
in court to-day that the hearing would
takf at least two more days. During the
entire day Hugh Huchanan sat in court, a
close listener, and followed Intently every
word of the testimony. Owing to the
mental Rtrain of appearing on the stand
yesterday he got little, sleep last night,
liut no one In the room was more mentally
alert and wakeful than he. He feels con
fident that he will gain hi* point and be
turned over to the Yuba County authori
ties for trial for the killing of William 11.
Miles.
WOULD RETAIN BRIGHT
AS SERGEANT-AT-ARMS
Senate Members Believe His Services
Too Valuable to Be Dis
pensed With.
WASHINGTON. Wv a The Star this
ng < •■■.-■
. pproachlng
• <>f < '<■!!»-•••
"Tli«r.- b talk about the
eXtenl ■ ■. .:irly
It Ik
■rkson
v . w: ! I 1 •
.
: y dif
• ■ Bright, i»ie
pre.-*" . t-at-armp, hai" mad<
■
part) ' then
tiati a
partisan appoii gala
. . I'urlr.K his t»-rm of omce
Colonel Hrijcht has Lroußht about many
: 'if th. 1 'apltoi
1 .1 the iiuiiiiins
in quit-- so l condition as U
now tl Wot only has 1 tie iniiidinic
lf«.-]f odltlon, hut th« i
• r in which the various employes
• -nruis are attending
T" th<-lr (luti^s is said t«i entirely meet the
approval of tjh< B The Senate <!•■•
Ibe sergeani it-ai ms fur a
en at deal of work thai requires jmiKnv-nt
and constant vigilance, :in<* man-- B
r< loth t<> permil politics t.< Intor
f' r<- with th.ir comforts and thr conduct
"f the flrinsffl in a . way."
WARD IS DEAD.
Convict Ross Uust Now Stand Trial
] : : for Murder.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Nov. 29.— Deputy
Sheriff W. J. Ward of San Diego, who had
his skull fracture.l. on November 11, at
Port Harford. on board the steamer Santa
Rona by H. rt Hobs, a convict whom he
was taking to San Quetln, died this morn
ing at 5 o'clock. Ross will bo brought
from San Quentln and tried for murder
here at once.
« m »
Self respect la on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, KOTEMBEE 30, 1899.
VIGAN PORT
BOMBARDED
BY OREGON
American Marines Land and
Effect the Capture of the
Town.
NEWS OF AGUIXALDO
Insurgent Leader Twenty Miles
Away When Young Halted at
San Fernandino.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦ MANILA, Nov. 29.— ♦
♦ Later details of the battle $
♦ fought by Colonel Bell's $
♦ force with rebels on the $
C mountains west of Man- ©
O galaren show that the $
♦ Filipinos were led by white ♦
♦ officers, among whom ♦
$ were several Englishmen °
5 and four Spaniards. There o
O were also a number of £
O Japanese officers with the $
O insurgent force. £
MANILA, Nov :*•' a dispatch from
in, province >>( Union, >lat.-.i
. . Noven ■ jrs:
"Th< ' >r.-u-. n ira and the
I wit I :■; I blui la keta and marine*
from theOi - ,i.rure,i the port of
9 lUth Uoco*, rx«rth of
- imara and the i 'allao
ran cl ■ • ■ re, ■ few uht •- were i » r • - < *
anil then The Samara, the Callao and the
in :i sharji bombardment
of Vlgan. The tirlnt from th.> «hore
;.;:nosi immediately and the sailors
and marines were landed.
"It I Insurgent* under
<«enerals Tltio and I'ilar led at
len, ten miles north, sni'l it hai
ed to wail ■•• Kama pa an Cor t lie
rcM forcementK The \meri-
Can rnilit i • Mat Nam. i. pa -
can on Sunday, but a move n<>rth •
• on Ifoi ' .i ■ Two
of the Thirty-third Volunteers
n th.-ir wa>- tmrtli to relnfon
i rooi - .it N'amacDacan.
h.s From N.im:ev.i>'.in my
i h;i t when rli*» bluejackets landed at Vl
i that the Insurgent
: ■ ■  | will bold the town until
rt-ltev«-«! by the troops, which ;>r<- <'ii their
•rth.
Young, with three troops of
the ''. dry and a small «l«-t.««-1»
ni<*nt <>f .v ■ commanded by Lieu
- Hall, Qulnlan an<l Blount, arrived
Namacpacan from San Fernandlno <!e
rniuit "ti Thursday, Novemtx i
tgulnaldo, From
which l! appears that • north
through Namacpaoan on Tuesday, No
vembei -i. while General Toting waa wait
ing at Ban Fernandlno, twenty miles
south The rebel chief Is now
.me in Abra province. \Vh< i.
• (Ugh Namaepaean nil hla
talk w«s in favor of continuing the war
FILIPINOS WERE LED
BY ENGLISH OFFICERS
MAM.A . Nov. 29 (by courier frm the
•
Bght In w i.. I ■ i Bell
•-l the r> ■! •
I
t".,k place "n the Mimmlt of th<- moun
t of klangalaren, forming the «ii
■v1 l i .- between the Dagupan \..'.i>> and the
The r»h> is were led by white and
r», t bere being i
n with
their :
• .:iklin Bella r^Klm'-nt, the
Thirty-sixth Infantry, and Fowler'a com
pany of tlie Thirty-third left ManKalaren
. 1 1 i< n.inp and marched I •
four hoars, with four hours' n
. nil waterlesa ridges, along narrow
trails and through canyons. At daylight
. - the troopa etn< eg* d from
th»- timber* upon the divide, run-
BtO tho r-t^!s' a<l% . ••:. who
• \\:<- main body before ahoot
illß.
Colonel Bell, who was in advance with
the nuts and one company, had the
rebels In full rout before the main body
of his troops arrived, Seeing down the
mountain to the swamps between Man-
Kalaren and Abulihs, leaving ten dead and
many wounded and abandoning two Nor
d<nfelts, one two-Inch Krupp, one Mnxim
and one Hotchkiss. They were chased
throuKh the swamps and thorough] dis
persed. Colonel Bell captured all their
artillery, supplies and clothing, many
Mausers and Remingtons, some American
Winchesters and a thousand rounds of
ammunition. The rifles, etc., were aban
doned on the rebels' retreat and were
scattered along their trail for two miles,
the enemy escaping empty-handed. %»lth
the exception of ■ few rifles. The women
'and children in shacks in the camp had
no time, to escape. Colonel Ruacar, chief
of th" arsenal, and a few other prisoners
were tak**n.
The rebels ha/1 artillery trained to com
mand the regular trail from Mnngalaren,
but Colonel Hell approached from the op
posite direction. The rebels are estimated
to have numbered 2000 men.
AMERICAN PRISONERS
PROBABLY RELEASED
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2!>.-The following
•rani has been received at Urn Navy
Department from Admiral Watson:
'VAVITK. Nov. tk— Wild report* the
rapture of Yigan DO November "•> by tho
D*l Inri'linp fOTM under Lieutenant
i "omniarider Mc< r:x k> n. with Lieutenants
M< c 'rirmick. Hostwlck, Johnston ami «"ap
■ tain Wllli.tmw an<l Lieutenant Bermeleo
of the marine corps. Th.- landing was
mviTfd by the Callao. Tappan oomajidlrnj
and the Simar, Mustm commanding'
Slight resistance; no casualties. Inhnhl;
ants welcomed the Has;. IfcCracken is
holding Vlgan until relieved bj the army
"Lieutenant Cllmoro is w.-u. with
; men. twent>-tlv.- miles from Vlgan. lto
celved a cod.^ letter from Gllm.nv by \l
■.<n. ■ newspaper artist ' who
wa<; with (Jllmore s»vr-n months and es
] caped. IK- was brought hen- l,y th.- Sa
mar. News from the InsurK.-nts throußh
■ Spanish sergeant Indicates that the ifr
ri.in.ta crew was allied except the four
following;: Farter. Green. Powers »u<l
Hurkr. Nam.-s of the Qlimore party:
Walton, Vandolt. Ellsworth. Brlsolese,
Anderson, E!dwaras and Peterson Borne
woonded were left at Baler. Oilmore has
; do news of then. WATSON "
Tills dispatch, taken in connection with
th.- advices received to-day from Genera]
• 'tis. d.-.si ribins the surpass r.f t\ if . move
ments of the army under Foung encour
ages the naval officials In the belief that
perhaps l>y this time the American nrls
referred to have \,,.,. n r ,.]pas.i]
the naval continßent at Vlgan only
iw.ntv-flve mile«^ away to the west and
the army advance probably littl.- farther
distant to the southeast, the town of K-i
gue.i is nearly surrounded and there is
little chance ><T the escape nf the Insur
pnt force there if they' attempt to en
cumber themselves In their retreat with
the prisoners. Taking th* list of prisoners
of (.llmore s party Riven In the cable from
Admiral \\ atson as be!n X at Hauued the
records of the Navy Department show
that the following men must hay«
» - : . n eft at Baler, on the east caM of the
island, where the Yorktown # 8 boats crew
PASSENGERS MANGLED
IN A RAIL DISASTER
At Least Six Persons Killed and Upward of a
Score Injured by a Collision on the Dela
ware and Lackawanna Line,
NEW YORK, NOT. 29.— The east- i
bound Buffalo express on the Del- j
aware. Lackawanna ami Western
Railroad, while standing outside
the station at the Van Winkle- j
street crossing at Paterson, N. J., at 7:45
to-night, was run Into by a swiftly mov
ing accommodation train, bound from |
Phlllppsburg, N. J., to Jersey City. At
least six persona were killed and there
are now twenty Injured at the hospital
in tenon, several of whom may die.
The dead are:
ll.l.AKI) CRAIG of the Scranton (Pa.)
Tribune.
MRS. WII,LARD CRAIG of Scranton.
Two daughters of Mr. and Mrs. Wlllard
Craig, aged 10 and 15.
MRS. DANIEL HOWE of Ithaca. N. Y.
W. J. WKl.l.i.il' ICK, Cornell student, of
Ithaca. N. Y.
I*. U. WHITE, 70 years of age, of Ithaca.
N. V.. will die from his Injuries.
DANIEL ROW B of Ithaca will also die
The injured Include: Miss Agnes Mc-
Donald, Oxford. N. i"., both legs broken;
Samuel Mendelsohn, Wllkesbarre, legs
broken; Miss Mamie Doyle, Blnghamton,
arm broken and crushed; Miss Lizzie I
Kane. Hlnghamton. feet crushed: David
Roe. Ithaca, husband of the woman
killed, right leg crushed: Oscar Aronsen,
Bcranton, Pa., legs crushed; John White.
Ithaca, leg broken, badly cut by glass;
Louts Daron, Dover, N. J.. face and body
badly cut; T,ouis Freedman, Scranton.
Pa.; legs crushed and head bruised;
Charles Remsen. Brooklyn, thought to be
Internally Injured: William C. Os.*el. Chi
cago, leg crushed; Daniel Maxwell. Hack
et town, N. J.. seriously bruised and cut.
The Buffalo express was waiting for the
moving of a local train that had been
delayed at the station, and the Phlllppn
burg accommodation was following the
express, a short distance behind.
captured Issi siirinjr: .!• .lin Dillon
Charles A. Morrissey, Ora H. McDonald
William \\. Ryldera «• W. Woodtsiry, D.
i Ivenvllle and A. J. Nygard.
BAYOMBONG BELIEVED
TO HAVE SURRENDERED
Manila. Nov. 90 it i* lupposed that
the lnsurt;. 1 ' garrison at Bavombong,
Visaya, numbering
from 'm» to WO men, has surrendered to
General Lawton, who started for that
jioirn wllh the ThlrtV-fOOrth Infantry.
Captain Nichols, who oommiui.is a d«
tachment of the Twenty-third Infantry
naboanga, Island "f Mindanao, has
ihed ■ provisional government
tli«>re. The Insurgents have surrendered
to linn four cannon and MQ rifles.
Officers from the steamer Manauense,
arrived here on Tuesday from Baa
Francisco, after s terrible voyage, bring
ing three companies of »h<- Thirty-first
Infantry, say she was chartered for the
Philippine service, and not as an an
transport, and that sending a battalion
tan on board of bar •
riment. Th<* captain declines to dJs
the steamer's experience. He says
h.« is only thr navigating officer arwl hay
no jiirlsiiictii.n over tin- fMißin.'rrlng de
partment.
Wheeler Soon to Return.
FLORENCE^ Ala.. Nov. 2!>.— General Jo
seph Wheeler, In a letter to W. M. Bunt-
Ing, editor of a local paper, writes: "Will
yon please state In your paper that let
ters addressed to me at Washington about
matters of Congressional business will be
attended to. as 1 expect to be there very
soon." _^
WILHELMINA WELCOMES
KAISER AND KAISERIN
German Imperial Party Takes Tea
With tb« Queen of the
Netherlands.
Ki.rsm\<:. • •
Hohensollern, having m
Hmperor :m>l Empress <>r (»«»r
to-day ir'Tii Bheer
■ .', party • n •
. bj th< Dutch Minister
l B iirs, i>r. de Beaufon
.<!.. l othi r !!•••
;■: seded along s covered way
,--. i with plants and German and
Imirh Dan I I royal pavilion .it t.i»
station, where it was welcomed cordially
by v; n Wilhelmlna and the Queen s
■ r.
Qii««-ii Wilhelmlna, leaning on th<» nnn
of the Emperor and followed *y the Em
an l the Queen's mother, l*»il the
t\a\ to the brilliantly decorated royal \><
tillon, where tea whs lakcu. Then the
Emperor and Empress after affectionate
• !ls entered the train In waiting
and departed.
CANAL COMPANY REFUSED
AN EXTENSION OF TIME
Nicaragnan Government Names Con-
ditions Under Which the Ques
tion May Be Arbitrated.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Nov. 6.— Th<>
Government of Nicaragua baa refused to
fcr.-iiit i timo extension t>. the Maritime
Canal Company, bul agrees to accept ar
bitration as to tli'- concession prantt-d to
,v Cragta. it is required that the
arbitrator! iif dtisens, aii<l that the pn>
i ess i nducted iiml' r th>- l;iws of Nica
ragua, enacted subsequent to the granting
of th#* concession.
Tiu- iK<-iit «it tiio canal company pro
tests agatnsi these conditions and de
clarea that tho arbitration clause in the
company'! concession alvea full liberty for
tho pHeotlnn of arbitrators to the state
uii'i company.
THANKSGIVING GREETING
OF ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
Lovers of Liberty Asked to Pray Thnt
McKinley Be Brought to
Repent.
BOSTON, Nov. B.— lnrtag Winsiow.
Secretary of the Anti-Imperialist Leapu«*.
has sent the followinp. which he says is
a "Thanksgiving greeting" to the Presi
dent:
"Lovers of liberty, who would rather be
the hunted patriot than the blood-guilty
usurper to-day, will nevertheless use it to
pray that he v.ii" has given America her
llrst Thanksgiving of shame may be
brought to repent and a better mind."
Death of a Pioneer.
SAUNAS, Nov. 29.— Thomas Buttin, one
of the oldest citizens of this valley, M
well as an early pioneer of California
died in the hospital here this afternoon.
Deceased was born In Kentucky in 1813.
and came to California in IS4S. lie lived
in this city many years.
Electricity for Brain.
A European scientist claims to have discov
ered an apparatus which will stimulate the
brain. It has been tried on schoolboys, and
corn-lots of an electric band. While scientists
have been busy Inventing unnatural ways of
making the brain work Hoatetter'a Stomach
Klti.rs has for fifty years been dolnis It natur
ally. It cures dyspepula an.l all stomach
troubles and builds up and Invigorates the en
tire system. There Is nothing "JuHt as good "
BEEGHAM'S PILLS
For Bilious and Nervous Disorders
Are Without a Rival.
AHVTTAL SALES OVZR t.. 000,000 BOXES.
lOrenti and iIS peats, at all drug stores.
The two rear cars of the express were
lir<'k<-n to pieces, most <>f th<- pa— f ii£Hi
In Hum being either killed >>r injured.
Tin- engine <>i the Phillipsburg train was
completely wrecked, the enslneer and tire
m«n escaping by JutnpinK- The enir!n«
plunged itit" tin- rc.ir car <>f th»* express,
a Pullman day c>.;i.-h. ami plowed through
th<' h.-avy limlnTs almost Its entire
length. This <ar was lifted from the
track ami pushed Into the next to th«- last
car. ais<« a I'liiininn. carrying <>ff its end
and almost completely telescoping it. 'i m*
••riKfn.- of the Phllllpsburg train was tern
to pieces. The wreckage caught tir.-. tut
tin- dames were soon t-xtiriKuinhed.
Within a few momenta police reserves,
firemen and crowds >>i" people ram.- to the
rescue "f those ii. the t. rrif>l«- tangle oi
wi.<"i and iron. Frurn the wreck came
groans ami shrieks and prayers fur death
or deliverance. I' waa intensely dark at ,
• ne, and as the broken wood was
taken out •■!' th< wreck it was thrown ■<< .
the sides <<f the tracks. Then it wai let
a-flre t<> supply lleht f«>r th<- rt-scn
The firemen, police ami train haul.- and
several scorea •>; citizens turned In to rip <
xh>- pile cf wreckage t.p pieces, it was de
siraii!'- tc draw the engine out, but this
could not be done, )•• mse it wmiid result
in death t" :ii"-> % Imprisoned in
■ iris.
Before the wre< X wai attacked I
was tin- body <'t a in. .I) hnnKinjr hall-way
<mt ..f one '•'. the rear windows on <n>*
Bide, and a W'jmun haiij.'l'ii: from a win
dow on the oth-i side. Both were in rear
soats in the rt-.-.i car, and when tin- ««
and t < >r«- through it their
■ l bodies were crushed throush the
window ing between tb<
t !)•■ car ari'i the engl i
found standing upon bis
head in a corner, held fast bj the wr^ik
ag« which had piled about him. !!■■ «n
taken "';t unconscious and it was thonicht
he was dead, hut he revived and pto\
BISHOP PEREIRA
UNDER ARREST
Criticized the Nicara
guan Congress-
♦—
Corrr«pon<lence of the Associate] Press.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Nov. 6.—Presi
dent Zelaya on November - caused the ar
rest of Roman Catholic Bishop Pereira
of Nicaragua at the episcopal residence
at Leon and had him brought under sur
veillance to Managua. This action Is said
to be in consequence of severe criticism
of the Bishop's recently published pas
toral letter on the law passed by Con
gross October 14, declaring that all dona
tions of the people of lands, cattle, etc.,
; to the church should be subjected to civil
; government and should be sold and ap
plied to th* purposes designated by the
donors by the municipal governments In
stead of as previously by the hierarchy
of the church.
It Is currently reported that Hlshop
Pereira has refused to retract his declara
tions, that be was sent under guard to
Granada yesterday, there to be placed on
board the lake steamer bound for the port
or Ban Juan del Bur. from which place, it
is added, he will be sent out of Nicara
gua on a steamer bound for South Amer
ica. This route, it Is explained, has been
selected in preference to the more direct
route for Corinto, in order to prevent a
possible uprising of the people in the de
pertinent* of Leon and Chtneengu who
are strong Roman Catholics and devoted
to the Bishop, whereas the people of the
departments of Managua and Granada
still retain their old jealousy against Leon
and It.- people and exhibit much feeling
because a native of Leon was appointed
Bishop of Nicaragua Instead of some
priest of Managua or Granada.
i-M, l>r L est named Francisco Maria
M™ B ."^ hns been appointed to act as
\ Icari General of Nicaragua during the
expatriation of Bishop Pereira.
President Zelaya has made the follow
ing appointments: General Carlos \l
berto Lacayo. Consul General to San
hrancisco: -I aquin Bancion. at New Or
leans: Belasrlo Porras, at London: Fer
nando Sanchez. Minister to Honduras
SILVER REPUBLICANS
DECIDE UPON FUSION
National Committee Resolves in
Favor of Indorsing the Demo
cratic Nominees.
CHICAGO. Nov. 20,-The special moot
ing of the National Committee of the Sil
ver Republican party adjourned to-day to
meet again at the call of the chairman,
after having taken action that practlcallv
assures the fusion of the party with the
Democratic and Populist parties *",£ the
Indorsement of th« Democratic platform
;-"rtv h " resldonllal candidate ';! " r t^ r t
t^ 1 ? 0 nib-committee appointed yeaterday
to decide on the most practical "date and
place for the national convention and also
to report on matters of practical orgjanUa^
inn for the campaign, Including the a - 5
polntment of delegates from the various
t.:'i it S tO reDor? a , tiol ?^ convention ■übmlt"
tea its report to the committee to-day.
JP^ Ail°wooi tailor-made
% suits and overcoats f
m #l^i;^fS^^i question of choice — which do you^&
v iiPi&PiPli w'sh—^JO-oow ' sh —^JO-oo or a new suit ? |i
H p{^ r^^i^&Jsi VY ° U are aS SUre ° f Ioo ° u ' orth with E
«*ill%^ ill the A question of choice— which do are B
i^fe^^^J wish— s 10.00 or a new suit ?
F^fw*s£* J - =*' '^A^S U are as sure °^ io. oo worth with
KS^'-^^^a the clothes on your back as you are
■ rajf&^^S^y^ with the cash in your cket - n
1 fci^lNiflN' You say: There's no risk with the I
actual money.
m E^^sn^^ c say * ere ' s no ris k w ' th trie B
H F»"^ : '»Vll clothes — we guarantee them. H
v i-^ibjjij c U ' " u y them bac ' < from you or B
t;^ ; jjt : ;j $io. co if you do not think the clothes B
li "' worth the price you paid us for them. H
Em jk\M Send or call for our samples. B
(■Ls. N. WOOD & CO., I
B %a 718 Market Street and I
fl Cor. Powell and EJdy. fl
be but slightly injured.
Lizzie Kane of liinghamton. N. V.. was
found with her red held fast betweon
two heavy beams, The remainder of her
body was clear, but she had to lie there
suff»-riii»; treat agony while the men were
trying to «et her out by dIKKInK A VI
through ■ heap of broken wood and Iron
and freeing the upper beam.
Acnes McDonald of Oxford. N. V . was
taken out with «r.-.it dittlculty. Her legs
w.-r.- shockingly crushed. She suffered
awful agony during the half-hour re
quired to free her.
David Ho*, who Is in the hospital with
his right leg badly crushed, became fran
tic when hi- found that his wife was not
in the hospital. He believed fhe vras
killed, but he was not told so.
Men who w»re chopping through the
roofs of the cars and freeing the victims
were treated to an exhibition of splendid
courage when they < ion to Sterling S.
Smith, a Cornell student anil a nephew of
General Joe Wheeler. The boy lives In
Brooklyn, and was going to Philadelphia
to soe the football game between Cornell
and the University of Pennsylvania, His
right leg was terribly mangled and
jammed between the heavy Iron and the
woodwork, but he was conscious when the
rescuers reached him.
"Don't worry about me," he yelled to
the rescuers; "there are women below
me. Get them out first; 1 can wall a
while. My leg is broken: see it wiggle,"
ami th». youth- tried to smite. —
One of the rescuers said, as he chopped
away: "You are ■ brave young chap."
"I don't know about that." said Smith
calmly, "but my mother Is a sister of
General Wheeler, and I guess I've got the
rlcht stuff In me.
"The leg to which he referred as broken
was mashed almost Into a shapeless mass,
and It "wiggled" because the bones wcr»
splintered, and it was hanging simply by
shreds of flesh ami torn tissues.
an<l after lengthy discussion Its recom
mendations, with one or two minor amend
ments, were adopted. The subcommittee
recommended that all of the matters In
question be referred for the action of the
executive committee, of which former
Senator Fred Dubois of Idaho Is chair
man.
Chairman Towne pave out the following
statement of the action of the committee:
A resolution was unanimously adopted that
a national convention of the National Silver
Republican party be held, and the executive
committee was Instructed to confer with the
Democratic and Populist national committees
In an effort to secure. If possible, the holding
of all three national conventions at the xam->
time and place, and at the earliest practicable
date, t.i the end that complete co-operation
i.f the reform force* may be hud. The execu
tive committee was authorized to determine
the number of delegates to th- national con
vention, the name to be not l*ss than MW, to
1 arrange the basin of selection and to allot the
: representation from each State It was de
cided that the call for the convention shall In-
lii.if us eligible to representation all those
voters who heretofore, prior to UML or "1n..-.
have acted politically with the Republican
party, but are bimetallism and favor the un
restricted and lnd» pendent cclnage of both
gold and silver at the present legal ratio, and
who are. opposed to the policy of extending the
1 gold standard in the I'nltetl State* by retir
ing Greenbacks, destroying the full money
power of the existing silver dollar, providing;
for the payment of all Government obligations
and the redemption of all forms of paper
money in gold alone and s\>rrenderlng to v
hanking combination the sovereign function
of woing paper money.
Pledges were made covering the expen.oes of
holding the rational ronventlon. and Hon. El
wood S. Coreen of Minneapollti was rhnurn
treasurer of the committee, with instructions
to maintain relation* of practical co-operation
with the Democratic and Populist national
committees.
YAQUIS MAKE A
PEACE PROPOSITION
Name Conditions to President Diaz
on Which They Will Lay Down
Their Arms.
EL PASO. Nov. Colonel Juan Teno
chio of the Mexican army, and lately with
the forces In the field operating again. :t
the Yaqul Indians la the State of Sonora,
and Major E. Pelaes, paymaster, reached
here to-day from Ouaymas and left this
afternoon for Mexico City. The two of
ficers are Intrusted to convey to President
Diaz peace overtures made In the In
dians, but declined to divulge the condi
tions on which the Yanuls had agreed to
lay down their arms and once more recog
nize the authority of Mexico.
The pence proposition was sent to Ouav
mas by Muaws, for the reason that the
Indians allege that each time a delega
tion has been sent to Genera] Torres'
ramp under white flags with messages Ihe
envoys have been shot down without
mercy.
The Indians believe that if their propo
sition Is submitted to President Diaz, and
not to those who profit by the war of
extermination now being waged. it will
be accepted. _
Suit to Close Oil Wrlls.
I.OS ANGELES, Nov. 29.— A cult wis
brought to-day by the State of California
through the Attorney General at the li
stance of «'. N. Bterry of this city agslnsi
Calvin Green <t si. to restrain them from
operating oil wells within a district where
an ordinance of the city prohibit me
operation of oil wells. The ?ult is to ne
a test of th< validity of the onllnnnce
prohlbltlnc the boring of oil well* with
in the district known as the \V«— t! ike
Park tract.
A Full Gravity Ale— Evans'
PiTfectlon of ale brewing and bottling. •
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Professor Atwater
s^rfFff***^ A scries of won-
>s^jjgsV dt-rful rxpt-ri
/A%4^ESK^to&s^ nifiits, cnndtK t»d
f-^P% -^"^^Sb^Sa^A k- v l ' 1 ' S eminent
'• '^'f^j " h^J^m£| ■" I'-ntist, pruv-.l
\^*t^O^&pLjr #'i'-r^i' -. r»nt h.ul.i
>J&7*rrr-^>sr distinct food value
as well. If this be
true of alcohol, how much more valuable is
Daffy's Pure Malt Whiskey
made strictly for medicinal uses. It con-
tains not only the stimulating and food
qualities found by ProtVssor Atwater, but
all the nutritive elements of the malt as
well. It is absolutely pore. It is indeed
a boon to the weak and suffering.
Gotrrnment •• imp msrki t" - r~nulne. I>t n *'\ «*tut!«
»-!! it. 11 r«ur» ■! — » not. * t t:> »tll toirat you. ptrpj»(.
(of .«■• lot J. Write tot intrrrviaf »«ok.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester. N.Y.
Jl^JjL Garments.
YStSaßr ALL STYLES
And LO W Eb T
M^ TAILORINB CO.,
<T $lla 1816 Market Si.
™*» » Open Evenings.
DOCTORS
. . AND . .
DENTISTS!
ATTENTION
Is tailed to a NEW OFFICE
BUILDING, corner Ellis and
Glasgow streets, adjoining Powell.
All light sunny offices. All mod-
ern conveniences and latest im-
provements.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery St.
■»-0-»0*O* o^o*o ♦ O*O*O*O'»O*C*
jVIEHY »
0 *m~mm*x**> -I -I ' *
iii_ O
I m Natural Mineral Water I
♦ a^Am known for centuries and *
0 afIHL Imported q
- /Spa ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
0 ataaSaJgJ ol> :Mr^ (re^ St}m»cb ♦
« AflgPßft *-* ladigejtion °
?£— jJ2S*£i Its Talus has teen test!- o
%£s£ifri£2£ flsd :o b T thousands. f
X VICHY I SO-"11**S 0 -" 11 ** Vichy In Sy- °
L*-vJj!j^J phons
* E^%3 IS NOT VICHY. ?
♦ ET^SB Oet the Genulno. ?
$ EiJz**'*? "•'&&. rnur phj-jirian O
T BijYJ'ji'fll will r»--'->nm#T>J It. ♦
* iggy^^A.Via.KlEi.Diftribatlaslps: J
-»O^Q-»0^O*O*O-»O*O*O-»O»O»0««
. - __
& visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat i
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
\ fey Th- I ji<»ii Anal m c»l Miwia in tb«
A Wofid W»i«n--\*« cr my ennttactrd t \
a. KCFN dnntt r^«>>i«*>7<-«r«H4b T tll«otd«ll '
V Jaaj - ■■>'<. <»t h»t jt,-*i» ( i
1 flfl*t JORDAN- PRIVATE DISEASES^
0 I X?«I Ti. i-m-nt penonalij rt by l»iir r . A A
▼lif 11 n '*••••»• *•>"• inrttrjr cat* —illlll>lii T
AT I lE* Wntelnr Ba«k. rilLOltariVtl A
"■ U ll^ M4RRI«U. m»iioid ruts. (Af
Q 11 **'<">>>« t«- • ' or «■>-■>' 4
7 nit JoBDO Ato 1«! Market *T 9
_^ _^ — _
5482
Eye=Glasses.
With the new r::r< (don't slip) mli) to flat*.
New I'atterns « >r—ra Glasses arrlvlns dally.
11*1. y.-l-n Stereo Field Glasses.
All Eastman Krxlaks cut 11 1-3 per '••til.
Oculists' prencriptlons filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. I'hone. Ma. li.
OPTICIANS >p Hn . !SPH't
' ° r SOCNTIHC *
642 Market ot.. i«»tri^!mtj
Mil < ->O«Cl» ftVHBIMb
Advance in the Price of Timber Lani
.Notice It. hereby given that on and aftei*
the lirittday of January. 1000. the prlc*
of h'l timber land owned and for sale br
the Central Pacific Railway Company and
the Calif la and Oregon Railroad Com*
puny, will be Advanced from twenty to
fifty percent over present field grading*
and quntntSonH.
-II timber contracts maturing aftei*
January Ist, Him), will be extended only
at the advanced rate. W.M. H. MILLS.
Land Agent Central Pacific Railway Co.
TranM*nntln*ntal tourists and trar. *
ITranwontln"ntal th«« United tray- f
elers fr..ni ull .>v^r th.- I'nltM Stat^a f
«h' their appreciation of the excel* *
lence of th» •
PALACE ako •
GRAND I
1 1
by maklnx there hotels their h<*a-l'i<Mr- I
ters whll- In Pan Francisco. Fourteen i"
11 hundred roomn. 900 with baths— larr>at <<
1 and finest In the world. i'
"_ _ _ JOHN' C. KIIIKPATRICK. Manager. £
I* m ...... T T ,, ,...,..,,,„
KS3J6SDR. HALL'S BEINVIGORATOR
■flTjaSti Five hun'!r«»l rrwaril tor any
(T^ ca!> * we cannot cure. This secret
ifrrm ' wm-Jm remedy stops '" losses In **
AH KM lioiirs. cur« Emissions, Imp<v-
fjtTTl 7|l| tency. Vartcocele. Gonorrhoea.
#fM j*^ <;ir^t. Fits. Strictures. I»at
r*pU— fct>f Manhnod and all wastlr.r effects
*"**——— — of self-at>U!ie or • "■■•«. B«nC
sealed. (2 bottle; 2 bottles. 13; guaranteed to
cure any cane. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITTTK •:.:. Ilmadway. Oakland. Cal. Al*»
for sale at 1072>4 Market St.. S. F. All private
dli>»-;i.«v« riulckly cure»l. P*-nd for free book.
THE WEEKLY CALL
———
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 pep Year.
34
FOOTBALL CONTESTANTS ALL READY FOR THE BIG GAMES TO-DAY
READY TO STEP ON
THE BATTLEFIELD
Cardinal and Blue and Gold Footballers Pre
pared ior the Annual Struggle -California
a Strong Favorite in the Betting.
PI be
firod Into one another are the
n\enty-twr» football athletes of
Stunfor.l and California. The car
dinal team left Del Monte yester
day afternoon, arriving at the Palace
♦•arly enough for dinner. The blue and
p. >ld *»lrv«»n will quit their quarters at
lWk<:.>y tarly this morning and rpend
a brirf rating time at the Giand Hotel.
Nrver Wore have both the university
teams bet-n within Mien clnxe range of
each other before th<-ir actual appear
ance on Urn fold. The n-sult of thin will
I>* much morning uolso in and about the
r«lao«> court wh««n the crowds of red
bedeckfd anJ blue and gold nerlbboned
«tud«-nt* flock down upon the respective
quarter* <<t th<» tram. Following the cus
tom of former year* the Stanford band
will fclv* a concert this -ing In the
OOUrt of Die Palace.
will he heard during
■
i
- yell.
b] ■ South-
The on.wd that will gather around tho
Sixteenth and Poison streets gridiron
this nft>-rnoon will be the largest ever
brouKht together at a football game on
this const. The advance sale has been
••norinous, all of the good seals having
been disposed of a few days ago. At
Clahrough & (lolch«r's teats will be sold
until V o'clock this morning. At 10
o"clock the box office at the ground* will
h<« opened, and an hour later the gates
will be thrown back for tho thousands
who will pack the stand.
Despite the rains during the last week
the gridiron Is in fair condition, and as
Woathtr lYoi.het McAdlo tflves out by
way of oracular prognostication that the
«*l«*ments will not storm to-day the field
sh<.'uM be a fast one. This will favor
(California, whose backs n.ro fleet of foot.
They arc of tha metal that shtno«« when
the going is good. Hut the California
t<-am is not tht only hr«*ed of mon who
will rejnlcu over fair weather conditions
The thousands who sit and x>;ili<lt:ito at
an Inter-collrgiate game prefer a smiling
sun over th<lr heads to the clouds that
•Ir<ip their snaking burden upon nil alike.
with uls usual exuberance tl.e college
rr.an wa-s floating around town last ni<nt
i'li'klng for takers on betting proposi
CALIFORNIA
TEAM MAY
MEET YALE
Universty Athletic Manager
Arranging for an Eastern
Invasion.
Fpeciil Dispatch to The Pall.
Ni:\Y TOIIK. Nov. Z9.-OUver W. Shiras.
graduate manaßir of the Intercollegiate
Athletic Association, to-day received a
letter from the manager of the athletic
lo.nra of the I'nlversity of California say
ing that lie «hk trying in arrange a meet
ing with tho athlelic teams of the Cnlver*
fity of Pennsylvania^ and possibly Yale
and Harvard. If his negotiation* are suc
cessful the contests will be. held early in
May. with a view tjf getting the Califor
nia team into the best possible condition
for the annual lntt-rcollerriate ehamplon
t-hlps to be hHd the latter part of that
month.
♦
WHIST TOURNAMENT.
Lot Asg«leg Team Wine in a Closely
Contested Game.
; PASADENA. Nov. 2?.— The Southern
California Whist Tournament Association
hit* rffectocl a strong organization
through a tournament held here for the
purpose of ontralizir.g interest in whist.
rho association embraces towns through
out the Eouthrtn rart of the State.
Tournaments will r>e held every tix
months. Th«» play is duplicate whl3t.
twelve boards. *:ich team playing with
every other team during tho tournament.
Th« tournament h're was the first meet-
Ing betw»on the players of the different
towni, and was interes-ting because of
th« uncertainty of the comparative
FERRY STATION
AND SLIPS ARE
NOW ASSIGNED
Harbor Commission
ers Take Action.
The Board of Harbor Commissioners sat
around a long table yesterday afternoon
and proceeded to carve up the farry «ste-
Xlon for the transportation companies pre
cisely as th»-y would carve up a turkey
on Thanksgiving day. When the "light
meat and the "dark mrat" and the
"stufflng" gave out. they just built an "L"
upon the turkey, that : MM should go hun
' BOORD'S
LONDON. ENCLAND)
OLD TOM, DRY or
SLOE GINS
ARE THE BEST.
CHATIL.ES MEINTCKB ft CO..
■«!« Actnti. Sl4 Bacramrnto Btre«t,
B«ji Francisco. Cai. .
tlons. Very little money has been wa- '
gored on the game as yet. California sup
porters in their overeonfidence have been
offering 2 ai.d 3 to 1 on the result of the
gnme. nut there is little cardinal money
in sight. At the Vereln Club i few days
acu |li>."o vas bet to $200 and now the
hhort-eni ir.an Is looking for friends to
relieve htm of a portion of the money
wagered. At the poolroom the play is
very light, even on the mutuels.
\\ hlle the Stanford men are not bark
ing their .in. heavily they are hopeful
of victory and they have reason to he.
The elcvjn rren who will light for Me
cardinal this afternoon are as healthy
and strong a lot of young athletes as
any tram of that weight. More than
that, they are stocked with a supply of
spirit and termination that oucht to
mean something. l»r. Murphy has trained
hip men to the mark and thTe la no mis
take about their perfect condition— <Ul
but Captal.i Murphy, whos? "split slat"
is In course of mondlng. He will play,
however, with fair chances of staying the
pa me.
If confidence ever won a game Cali
fornia should pile up a score mountain
high. The blue and gold contingent
shout in Insolent tones, "Look at that
team of veterans that play as one man.
Why, who ever heard of better bocks
than Hall. Smith and Kaarsbei v ' VYitn
the exception of Cornish, center, the
blue and gold eleven is in Jin- shape, and
he is not so ill as to quit the game f»r a
moment. Aa far as condition. li concerned
it la tru<» that California Is not so strong
aa Stanford. The former team was at its
best throe weeks ago, when it played tne
i Olympics 17-0 on a muddy Held, since
that Lime the eleven has fallen off In its
! play. What the Fame will bring in the
way of score Is a guesMng problem.
Many anticipate at. score for the blue
ai:d gold; ctners a small score The fjr
m«r are California, the latter Stanford
adherents.
Neither eleven did any work yesterday,
light signal practice being all the foot
ball attempted.
The game will begin at 2:30 p. m., tne
trams lining up as follows:
CsJlforr.ia. Positions. Stanford.
Womble I*— End— t. McF«r>n
Prltifle R— Tackle— L. Tra«>K?r
Athrrn H— ■■.••!■ -1. ... Be Forest
Onml*h '.Center Iy»e
• trvl^f-rg Lr-«uanl— R Oilman
Whlp^l« (rapt ) .L-T* We— Burnett
Hill I^-Knd-R Parker
Hoj-per Quaiter ..Murphj (capt.)
Smith R-Half— I. . Smith
H»!I l^Hair-H. Fisher
Kaarrbers Full Boren
Stanford's team will outweigh Califor
nia by fifty pounds.
strength of the teams and the results.
The l!m day's play wns straight whist,
by pairs. In th<? morning, and team dupli
cate whist in the evening. The game In
tho evening lasted until .1 o'clock in the
morning, and resulted In a slight advan
tage to the Los Angeles tram. Th" re-
HUlts of this play had ko application to
d.-termlno the winner of the tournament.
The championship play be can on the tol
lowing evening at 7:30 and lasted Hgain
until 3 o'clock In the morning. There
were five teams in the contest— Lo? An-
Seles. Pomona. San Hernardlno. Ventura
and Pasadena being represented. Pomona
was dropped In the qualifying round, out
the n<ht between the remaining teams
was close and stubborn. Los Angeles -a-on
with a total of 477. Pasadena second with
<71. Ventura third with 404 and San Ber
nardino fourth with 4CO.
The next tournament will be held in
\ entura after the Urst Monday in May.
Interest is arousal i n all quarters, arid
the next contest will probably involve a
larger number of teams and bring out
hardtr and better play.
New Orleans Race Meeting.
NKW ORLEANS. Nov. 23. -The winter
race meeting will open to-morrow. Tl-ero
arc :?jO horses at the track and in the
vicinity, more than have ever wlnt-red
here before, and more are on the vay.
The- Birmingham delegation will rench
here to-morrow and 150 frum Henn;ngs
will come next week. About fifteen nooks
will do business on the opening day. \
steeplechas-? course has been construct
ed and the track is in fine condition. The
old officials will again serve. Colonel It
W. Simmons being the presiding ju.i<e
Captain James 11. Ree* chairman of the
board of governors. Sheridan Clark sec
retary, and C. J. Fitzgerald starter. Th»
feature of the day will be the Inaugural
hHnrilcap, v.-lth flaw added.
Another Ludlow Will Found.
OAKLAND. Nov. Another will of
the late W. B. Ludlow was found to-day
dated December 7. I^7. tho provisions of
which, however, are Identical with the
one tiled yesterday by the widow. Mary
J. Ludlow. and wherein she li made sole
aevisee. The latter instrument was dated
.l ny &JF 1 The estate is valued at less
than JWXK).
cry. That Is. they found that there was
not enough room and so th?y planned to
built slu-dfl. against the main structure.
Then they clinched the matt, with a
vote and Rave instructions to Engineer
Holme- to mnke the drawings. The rati
fication of the plan to remove postal sta
tion D from the f*rry building providt-d
more room to be ■ .■!.■<].
Engineer Holmes submitted a lone re
port concerning the apportionment of th*
north end of the ferry station, and also
submitted plans for the building to be
erected for postal uses. The Commission
ers considered the • port, which was ac
nnW'.l' 1 . b i" a drawing and adopted It
and forthwith gave the necessary instruc-
A description of the new postal build
ing, as It will he. has already been pub
™.t effusively ]n The Call. It will be
r3Or 30 (j- 0 * lon &- fronting on East street; will
be 80 feet wide, and will have a second
W Ea^ 1 street frontage, which
will be 77 feet deep and will extend to
the full width of the building. Of course
, no change in the present occupancy of the
space now held by the postal people can
ne mane until the new postal building is
erected. Th» Commissioners Instructed
Engineer Holmes to have plans made
without delay, the purpose being to ac
commodate the railroads as soon as pos
sible. Commissioner Harney stood spon
sor for the new postal Mat ion. Commis
sioner Herold moved that the apportion
1 ment of the depot space should be made
as report- The Commissioners have
l>oen tolling over this problem with Engi
neer Holmes, and have burned several
■ quarts of midnight oil. The changes are
'umincci up ns follows:
The space now used by the Postofnce is
utilized as n waiting-room for the Santa
i F« and the baggage-room will be imme
diately north, a pussage way of fourteen
| f«»et being widen* d to twenty-eight feet.
These go with slip 3. which the Santa Ke
, will use. Next north will he the haggnge
! room and Mi« v the waiting-room for «llp
12. which, with the slip, will be urn by
| the California and Korthnertern; then
in the north end of the building will be
the waiting-room for the North Pacific
Coast road and sheds will be constructed
to furnish a ha ggn go-room for the North
Pacific Coast and for other purposes. Tne
last named rond will use slip 1.
Other business of Importance was he
fore the board. Bids were opened for «ho
construction of the new Howard street
t No. 3 wharf and the contract was award
ed to the City Street Improvement Ccm
pany The difference between the highest
and the lowest bid was nearly $20 000 The
figures were: Dundon Bridge and Con
struction Company. JC6.000; Darby I iv
don, It-1??;I t- 1 ??; 'MS? Construction Com
pany J.^.,93; A. W. Burrall. J64.770; Cot
ton nro H . t j./,,674; City Street Improve
{T«n tiv° m - T>ai \ y -, $4 * U9S W: James A. Ma
hon. $45.5>4«: Atlantic. Culf and Pacific
-aly. Tlhbetts & Co.
h'i 1 ™ homp!ton nrl<3^ Company. J49.
"£ Th ? * harfw l» be 458x100 feet
Commissioner Herold moved and Com
missioner barney seconded the motion to
Instruct engineer Holmes to prepare
Plans for the removal of the fishermen's
wharf and for a new location at the ci.d
of- section B of the seawall. The iora
Is to give the fishermen about twice tne
. room -they, now have, building a riprap
wall and the necessar> f structures for
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1899.
PASTIMES FOR
THE HOLIDAY
IN THIS CITY
Football, Baseball, Racing,
Coursing, Goif and
Cycling.
The pastimes of Thanksgiving day In
California are many and varied, and
owing to the uniformly good weather
which marks the holiday in this State the
■port* of the n«M aro patronized liberally
by all sorts and conditions of men. Tins
is the day rftosjOTl for the annual Into
legiate football struggle between
tentative elevens from the University of
California and from the Iceland Stanford
Jr. University, ar..i this event overshad
cwi all other splits in the hearts of the
people.
Tlit. majority of the m*n and women
seen on the streets wear the blu
of Berkeley or the cardinal <>f Stanford,
while the majority of the shuj 1 w.:
are bedecked with v combination of the
college colors, For many years the game
has been played under cloudless skies and
with but the faintest toucb of autumn
In the am sufn-
I to e« ad ibi
the v.-iris and to fiu.«l» the checks
fair followers of the |
it will interest the fair devotees of out
door sport to learn that Forecast Ofllcial
McAdie of the Weather Bureau antici
pates fair weather in this district to-day.
He expects some fog in the morning and
light northwesterly winds, which as the
day growb older will become westerly.
Mr. McAdle has no great faith In the per
manency of these ditions. This means
that dainty finery should be dotted after
the football game for more substantial
street attire. The game at the Sixteenth
and Foisum street grounds will be called
at 2:30 p. in., but lor several hours before
that the mere seating of the expected
thousands will be v spectacle in Itself.
For those who find their greatest pleas
ure in witnessing a close game between
high class baseball players there Is a
treat in store at Recreation Park. Eighth
and Harrison streets. The memo
team, champions of the California League,
will meet a picked nine of California play
ers who have gained fame on Eastern
diamonds alter making their debut here,
(.eorge Van Hal tret] will play center Held,
while Hughes, the star twlrler of the
Breoklyna. will be in tho pitcher's box
The Sacramento men will have the ad
vantage of thoroughly organized team
work. From their showing during the
past season great things are expected of
,h r nt Oakland track the officials of
. A a . llf ? r 1. ia Jocke Club have been
mindful of the persons who love the thun
jlor of hoofs as sleek looking thorough
breds gallop past the winning post. The
principal event of th- card Is over the
cup; distance; two and a quarter miles.
as distance which tests both horse and
rider. Dr. Bernaya has been- accorded
the honor of top weight. 112 pounds by
Hnnrilcapper Urooka. Forte. Vim. Blllv
McCloskt-y. Reolln. Strain . Schiller, Ma
,ml°,, ml °, ,' £'}***' Tennlca. 1/imn, Twinkle
1 wlllk O ( onnor and St. Algnan at .m
pounds is the order of merit bestowed by
the allotter of weights.
There is also a handicap, at one and
an eighth miles, in which the acceptances
lnciude Dr. Bheppard, Topmast, Pat Mor
rissey. Satsuma. Roslnante. Rosormonde
and •'•• well-known performers.
The transition from horses to dogs is
sometimes a short one. The greyhounds
running at Union Coursing Park" and at
Ingleslde to-day, however, are the pick
of the kennels of this coast and promise
high-class sport for the followers of the
game. The number of entries has been
limited at each park, to the end that the
sport may be concluded at a seasonable
hour.
The gentle "Hoot Mons" will repair to
the links of the Presidio. San Rafael and
Oakland Golf clubs with their caddies
early in the day and will disport on the
courses until darkness puts an end to
their play. At Oakland men and women
will compete in foursomes, match play
with handicap. The most skillful wlelders
of cleek and brassle will be warded
with silver trophies. The followers of
the Scotch game will take part in a gen
eral tournament at San Rafael, the best
of the players being in competition.
The wheelmen have no competitive
event scheduled for this city. Many of
them will make a racing pilgrimage to
San Jose, where F. A. McFarland has
prepared a tempting programme. The
special feature Is a three-cornered match
between Downing. Stevens and Freeman
George P. Fuller and Edmund F. Russ
of the Olympic Club Wheelmen have been
placed on the scratch mark, the mark of
honor in the five. mile handicap.
The gun men will not be idle, many of
them going in quest of quail and ducks.
Over at Alameda Point the trapsh
under the patronage of Lincoln Gun Club,
•will shoot at clay discs throughout the
day. The prizes will be. in part, turkeys
When the shadows of night fall upon
this city the streets will fill rapidly with
the students from the two great univer
sities and other sightseers. The theaters
will claim the majority of these as spec
tators, but late IntO the night son. will
he found to keep up the revelry of the
day.
their accommodation. The wall will
serve as a breakwater.
On motion of Commissioner Herold the
sweeping of the hay wharf was taken
from Sullivan & Doyle and given to Wil
liam Brody. the present service not be
ing satisfactory. Th* petition of tho
American Cream Tartar Company to the
Supervisors asking for a spur track from
the Belt Railway to their works was
considered.
LOUIS DREXLER'S ESTATE.
Appraisers Find That His Property
Is Worth About Two Millions.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Louis Drexler was filed
In the office of the County Clerk. By the
filing of the inventory the popular belief
that the deceased was ten times a million
aire has been dispelled. Alexander Me-
Callum. Harry H. Dana and Lincoln Sonn
tag, tht appraisers, found the estate to be
worth J1.526.149 30. The largest Items on
the inventory follow: Cash. $15,619 37.
stocks and real property, $442,334 66. A
large portion of the estate consists of se
cured notes, among them being six given
by .Mr.«. Florence Blythe Hinckley. dated
January 29. IK9?. two payable to John 11.
Dickinson, one to Cecelia A. Levy and one
to Ida J. Phillips, who assigned them to
Drexler. One note given by W. H. H.
Hart Is for >60.000, but Interest has
greatly advanced Its value. The deceased
held stocks and bonds in a majority of the
quasi-public corporation/, the property
going to make up the total being extreme
ly mixed and varied In value. .•
In concluding their report th*» executors
say that they have been unable to ascer
tain with exactness from Mrs. Drexler
how much of the estate is community
properly, but are Informed that the bulk
thereof was the separate property of the
deceased.
APPORTIONMENT OF THE FERRY STATION AND SLIPS.
BURNS ON
THE GROUND
FOR A SPELL
Given a Ten Days' Suspen
sion for Easing Up Duckoy.
Oak'and Results.
Tommy Burns, the snappy lightweight,
incurred the displeasure of the stand at
Oakland yesterday, and for the next ten
days can sing songs, whittle, play the
races or anything he chooses but ride
Tommy had the mount on Duckoy, favor
ite for the two-year-old sprint, fourth to
be decided. The big colt was headed from
the start by Walter Jennings' entry, An-
Jou, but this fact was not the cause of the
Jockey's trouble. With second place
cinched. Burns grew frolicsome, eased up
nil mount and was beaten a head by the
fast-coming filly The Lady, piloted by
Ylttltoe. After being censured for his
carelessness by the Judges Hums was set
down for ten days.
The track was very heavy, and outsid
erß In the betting cut up their usual
pranks on two different occasions. Miss
Madeline scored by a nose, backed from
10 to •, and Mocorito in the last was first
to reach the wire, with 12 to 1 against her
in the ring. Magdalenas, Jerla and Los
Uedanos were the successful choices.
The prettiest finish of the afternoon
took place between Los Medanos, ridden
by Jack Martin, and Satsuma, with Eddie
Jones in the saddle, at the termination
of the mile and a sixteenth run. The
Baldwin horse made the running, followed
Into the stretch by Batauma and Dr.
Sheppard. Jones now shook Satsuma up
nd at the paddock he looked to have the
race won. Martin, however, must have
had a kink In reserve, for, giving Medanos
an additional kick or two, he again pas.- cd
the bald-face horse, getting the cieclson
by a head. The little fellow was heartily
applauded for his splendid effort.
Flying Magdalenas seemed to be In more
than ordinary fettle, downing a big field
in the opening live furlong dash very clev
erly. Backed from twos to 8 to 5. she
shook off Lady Helolse, winning by two
lengths from Alaska, a 12 to 1 chance.
Little Ranch on Miss Madeline, a racy
looking filly, captured the event follow
ing, a jaunt over the Futurity course.
Giro led up to within ten yards of the
wire, where the outsider collared and beat
the Burke entry a nr>se. The favorite,
Aborigine, with Burns up. finished third.
With Loving Cup scratched, "Curly"
Shields' fast sprinter Jerid, carrying Vlt
titoe and 105 pounds, easily disposed of
his company In tho six-furlong run which
followed. In front when a quarter had
been stepped off. the chestnut won by
three lengths from Earl Islington at the
stand. Monrovia lost the show to Lost
Girl.
Track Notes.
"Longshot" Con!ev is playing In hard
lurk trying to land a winner. Yesterday
' he was twice second and It looked as If
the colored chap was about due.
St. Cuthbert started for the first time
since hi? breakdown. H« had speed, and
In the paddock wanted to jump over the
i top of the stalls.
Eddie Kohs Is gradually getting Into
form. He rode a Ronfl race on the out
sldrr. Earl Islington, finished second to
Jerld.
vinp signs of lameness In her pre
liminary gallop, Ix>viiig Cup was ordered
m ratched by the Ju l|
Trainer Fred Edwards enjoyed a very
■ful day of It. Magduleuaa and Mlse
Madeline w«w l><>t h fr im t.is stable.
S<n Sen whs Lai k-<l for a good thing
but Glvens early bciu "shooting ducka
•■ and the outsider finished In the ruck.
t^l>«»!,cor waa on th«- ailing list, and Ed
' die Jones piloted Anjou fur Walter Jen
nings. Eddlt 13 rldlnp In better form now.
probably than ever before during his turf
• or.
A heavy play on Louis Exell's filly. The
chopped her price from 20 to a. She
nmilV a rare stretch run.
Early In tho day Pete Romlgh endeav
or, -d to scratch Mocorlto. thinking the
track not to her fancy. Phelnn handled
th» mare with f-xcellent Judgment, and
}'. if »,a<l ' :e of seeing her win
1 without a dollar invested.
To-Doy's Entries.
First rac*— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
en* upward; Belling:
MOwTbM IK 374 Sylvan La«i 107
367 BtuttKart 107! 361 Adam Andrew. . .117
... L>eflance 1U (27»)Rav«nna 117
377 Ft. Inadore Iff! 3SS Pchanken 114
BfS Tempo 1151 364 Semis 114
(127)OraJy 122; 2«9 Jlnrle J1ngU....107
S4S Munsey 1171 2tS Fellclte 107
Second net— Futurity course; all area:
887 Kin* Carnival. ..llo ... Morlnica 112
... Florlnel II »2 385 Klorldao it
346 Elbe 84
Third race— Five furlonrs; two-year-old* ;
purw:
3i9 F. "W. 8r0de....11S 872 Yellow Tall 11l
... Artilleryman ...113 362 Windy Jim 11l
(!Ss)Decoy ..' 113 (3S2)Southern Girl. ..llS
... Antotnetta 110
Fourth race — Two and a quarter miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and upward.
<3K6)Forte 110 (379)Re011a 15
379 Hilly McClookey. M 379 Lomo «7
2:S St. Algnon 80|
MORE VICTIMS
OF THE KLONDIKE
Party Struggling to
Reach Civilization.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 29.— Another tale
of privation, Buffering and disappoint
ment in the fax north has reached V an
couver. The victims number about sev
erty. Including two delicately nurtured
women. They are nearly all American*
from Minnesota and Wisconsin and are
now PtruKKlii-K hark to Edmond In North
west Territory from Lake Athabasca.
During the spring of last year a small
company was formed in Chicago to go
to the Klondike by way of th» Edmonton
route, and after arriving to do a prospect
ing and trading business in Canada's El
Dorado. Difficulties arose and at a
stormy, meeting of the members of the
company it was decided to send out for
a Hudson Day faction to be the new lead
er. James McLean was sent |n by the
company and In June he returned with
a small sack of gold-bearing ore whlcn
came from the Athabasca !,,ikr vicinity.
Assays were made and It was found
from the samples that the ore was worth
thirty-live ounces in copped and as high
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
[COPYRIGHT. 169». BY H. H. ' EGBKP.T ]
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Wednesday, November 1899.—Forty
fifth day of the .Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
; line. Track heavy.
JOS. A. MURPHY-Prealdlng Judge.
-Starter.
CO FIRST RACE- Five furlongs; three- year-olds and upward, pursa. J300.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St. t;m. i^m. \m. Ftr. Fin. ; Cl.
(237) Magdaler.es, 3 ; t 3 ... iu 11 ... 1 2 T. Rums 2 1-5
.^ka. 4 |M 1 ... 1 ■> 414 ... 2h IConlay I It
22<J I>«dy Belola*. I ....101 » ... 23 2 5 ... 3 2 tM 6 T
375 I Don't Know, i....^' i ... 6 2 7 1 ... «h Henry 16 15
165 Jim Brownell. 4 10*. 2 ... «u 6 H ... 6 1 Ranch 40 60
375 Skirmish. 4 Ill 10 ... « u g 2 ... -irner 30 N
■ "uthbert. 4 109 7 ... 8 1 3 2 ... 7 2 E. J >nc« 1
261 Stmngoll. 3 IK ( ... 72 1 h ... S ( B. lt--ss 10 li
366 Alexander. 3 107 11 ... 11 ■ 11 ... I] T Walsh 30 100
368 Silver Maid. 5 io» 4 ... 103 10 2 ... 10 5 J. e Weber.... SO 20
(254) Chihuahua. 4 Ill 1 6h 3 ', ... 11 1 : *
Time- i,. :13'^: S. 3<!'t: S. 1:03- Oood itati '.Vnn ridden out S»-. vnd and third drlr-
ing. Winner. S. I'. Tute'e eh. f . by Bmparor of N'rfolk-Esplnt « tianto.
Winner dlaplayed I ■••Her staying nualltle* than usual. Alaska mad^ a good stretch run.
Hel'-ise tired. Skirmish away poorly. St. Cuthbert a. k.. Chihuahua qutt.
QQO BBOOND KA''E— Futurity course; selling, two-year-olds; purne, $360.
I I Betting;.
Index. . Horse. Weight. St. Urn. Hm. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
(232) Mis* Madeline 97 4 ... 2h th 2 2 Ins Ranch j • 3
34» Olro 100 2 ... 14 15 12 3 4 J. Martin I »-2
341 Aborigine Mill ... 6 2 It 4 4 3 2 T. Hums 1-5 7-6
3tS Racetto 101 ' 8 ... 61 66 «i 42 Vlttltoe [ ( t
Ml Sen Stn 97 « ... 8 4 In 2 h 6 6 Glvena t •
866 Fine Shot 10O 7 ... 4 h 5 3 6 3 « 20 'Phelan 6 10
10 Juletto 103 5 ... 7 10 7 7 7 IE. Koss 12 20
243 Halifax 97 3 ... Pulled up Hal Crown.... 30 Ml
Time— To »i. :22%: to % 47%; last H. 1:04; short «;. l:14»i. Oood start. Won first three
driving. Winner, S. P. Tate's ch. f., by Rio Bravo-Ctnderella.
Giro faltered Ian few yard*. Burns on Aborigine lost K'ruund or. stretch turn. Racetto
ghoul. 1 have been cjoner up. Pen Sen was heavily backed.
Scratched— Gundara 105, Gold Finder 1 IT.
_y . — •
O(\A THIRD RACE— SI* furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purss, $400.
I rvttlna;.
Index. Hors«. Age Weight. St. *m. Hm. \m. 6tr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. a.
369 Jerid. 3 1081 4 ... th It 14 It Vlttlto* 4-6 4-6
(364) Earl Islington, 8... .105 I ... 4H 2 2 2 2 In E. Ross t IS
216 l-.-t Girl. 5 Ill 1 ... 12 42 SI 33 Thorpe I 8
::i Monrovia, a.... 107 6 ... 1 h 11 4 4 44 E. Jones 6-1 11-5
25S Oralbee. 3 Ml 7 ... " 7 6Vi 6 h Postel 20 60
... Romany. 3 no 1 1 ... 64 64 (l «V» M. Bergen.... 60 100
... Terrene. I 108 1 6 ... 8 1 6 v» 7 7 Helnson 23 60
Time— 'i '.'-%. 'Jill \. ! :17 ! » Oood start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. J. "H. Shields' ch. c. by Sablne-Fedalma.
Jerld had all th* speed. Lost Girl cut off on far turn. Monrovia sulked.
Scratched— Good Hope 102. Aluminum 107, Loving Cup 100.
OO| FOl'KTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $3C0.
I j ; Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. %m. Hm. *im. Str. Fin. < Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(372) Anjou ~~. 11^ 1 ... 12 12 12 1 2 E. Jones { 8-5 8-6
... The Lady 103 6 ... 6 1 6 6 6 10 2h Vlttlto* 20 <
(35?) Duckoy 10212 ... 11 23 ?5 31 T. Burns 4-5 1
371 Mandamus 87 3 ... 4 2 4 2 4 1 4 10 J. Martin...... 10 II
(376) Tlzona 971 4 ... 8 6 36 34 6 4 I'helan ........ 11 20
|U fan 103| 5 ... 6 6 6__ 6 C. Wilson 15 SO
Time— To K.. :23: to H. :47: last H. l:03»4: short %i. 1:134- Good *tart. Won easily. Seo-
ond an third driving. Winner. W. B. Jennlntrs* b. c. by ?t. An.lre-w-Jude.
Anjou Is a smart one. Burns on Duckoy tn^sed the place away. The La3y made a fine
stretch run. after getting away from post badly. Choteau also slow to ret In motion.
*>C)Q FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year-olds and upward; purs*. $400.
I I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. V.m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. JOp. Cl.
(3f.S) Los Medanoa. 3 91 4 In 1 Vi 11 24 lhJ. Martin 3-2 »-5
171 Patsuma a 107 3 8h 4 8? lh 23 E. Jones 1 11-5
(309) Dr. SheppanS, 6 112! 2 11 24 2n 34 3 15 Thorpe I 2
230 Snips, 4.. 971 1 4 8 14 4 __4 IPhelan 15 25
Time— 1-16. :07; 6-16. :32*«: 9-16. :59: 13-16. 1:26; mile. l:4Hi: l-16m, 1:52. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. E. J. Baldwin's br. c . by Imp. Chesterfleld-Janova.
Patsuma had his head In front at paddock. Snips outclassed.
OQO FIXTH RACE— Six furloncs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $4».
~ Bettlnr.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. Hm. &m. Str. Fin. , Jockey*. Op. Cl.
S28 Mocortto. 4 107 4 ... 2 M 12 m It Ph»Ian I 11
S*» Alleviate. 4 Ill 1 ... 6 4 6 1 SI 2 ns Conley {, "' I
(S«7) Whiter mb. 6 107 1 ... 14 2 4 2 3 8 2 E. Jones 4. 7-2
857 Imp. Mistral II. 6.. lit « ... «1 «1 6 14 2 1:. Turner JO CO
875 Recreation. 4 107 7 ... 7 4 1 6 1 II T. Burns 2 »-5
875 Etta H. 6 107 5 ... 4 1 3 4 4h « 2 E. Ross 6-2 4
865 Maud Ferguson. I.. 108 6 ... 3 1 7 7 7 •■•••• 5 «
Time— \i :25H: 4. *•« V. 1:16^. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driv-
ing Winner. O. P. Romlgh's ch. m.. by AmUo-Santa Monica.
Winner was not supposed to like the going; she won cleverly, nicely ridden. Alleviate
ran gamely. Recreation showed no speed. Etta H outfooted last part, swerving also. Maud
Ferguson stopped as If hit with a brick.
Scratched— Sister Alice 107. Yule 107, Tullamore 107. Ely 100, Afamada 100.
Fifth race— One and an eighth miles; handi
cap; three-year-olda «nd upward.
3*3 Rlninnwter »?| •»" Rosormonde ....PT
M Mamie O S9 367 Dare II 95
143 Topmast U2 (WI)Dr. Bernays 10«
(3S7)Pat Morrlt>sey..lo9l(374)Caadale .. Ml
Sixth race— One mil*; three-year-olds and up
ward: selling;:
(S74>r a «dale 102 3SO Tom Calvert .l l
rtsOHorton »3 »l Imp Mistral 11. .1%
(3Sl)Merry Boy 101 3J3 Morinel 10..
361 Judg« W'ofTord.. 93, SW Mamie G . IN
3«3 Ostler Joe 104 ! S«0 Meadowthorp*. .1'
334 Lothian »2
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Ravenna. Defiance. Owyhee.
Second rac»— Klnn Carnival. Florlnel 11. Fib*.
Third race— Southern Olrl. Yellow Tall. F \V
Brode.
Fourth rare— Forte. Reolla. Billy McClosVey.
Fifth race— Dr. Bernny«. Mamie O. Pat M r
rl*eey.
Sixth race— Morlnel. Ca«dale. Judge Wofford.
as $:sO In rold to the ton.
McLean fully tiolieve.i in the find and
led In about seventy-five mm. Bu». It
turned out to be nothing and now a large
number of the men nro struggling 10 g«»t
back again to civilization.
PIONEEB OIANNINI'S DEATH.
Was One of the Officers nf the Vigi-
lance Committee.
Henry Glacondo Giannlni. who came to
California in 1849. is dead. Only one other
of the 200 who came around the Horn In
the Brooklyn— a pioneer named Bloom—,
survives Giannlni. For six years after his
arrival he worked In the mines and then
opened the once famous Irving House In
this city, where in the early days the most
notable men in town were wont to gather,
discuss important projects and occasion
ally quarrel.
Mr. Giannini was a member of the Vigi
lance Committee of 1866, and for come time
acted as captain. He was on guard duty
at Fort Gunnybag when David S. Terry
was set free and was present at the hang-
Ing of Cora and Casey. The deceased was
the oldest Druid In the State, having
Joined the order in New York in IMS, He
was also one of the founders and a
director of the Swiss Mutual Benevolent
Society and the Swiss Relief Society.
Henry G. Giannlnl was born In Switzer
land sixty-six years ago. He leaves a
widow and grown-up family.
Carr Is Released.
A writ of habeas corpiiß. sworn out on
behalf of Thomas F. Carr, who pi
hi* dying wlfa and for his brutality (Oi
Into Jail on a of manslaachter,
was rranted jrMtaraai and Can was t •
leased from custody. The court hei.l thai
then won no evidence against t'arr, and
hence granted the petition.
Olympians at Water Polo.
Two teams of Olympic Club members
played polo in the club's big tank last
nlpht. Captain Charlea K. Ifclro— '■ team,
of which th<^ other members were Alex
Tape. George James, Connolly an.i Wil
son, won by a score of 2to 0. 'V. op
posing team included Captain George A
Ilinkel. Si.l Cavlll. Archie Taylor. Charles
Palmeter and Th UTS ton. The name was
exciting: throughout.
Bennett Given the Decision.
DETROIT, Kor. :? -Jack Bennett of
McXaaap rt, I'a... waa gu-f-n the «j>
• r t'harley Uurns of Cincin
nati at th.-> en<l of a 10-round go be/ore
the Cadillac Athletic <:iub.
Wrestler Whistler Injured.
BAY CITY. Mich.. Nov. «?.— Bobby
Raakei of Wpst Hay City was given 't\e
decision over Billy Whistler of the North
western Territory In a catch-a»-.
can wrestllnc bout here to-r.lsht for a
purse of $1000. Whistler wai no Ladly In
jured In the right shoulder that he could
not go on and the purse went to lleattrs
ilNlslil]
o Pay When Well In restoring men to health and Book' for Men ♦
♦ == : — strength America's most successful — — 6
♦ Free Advice. fP ecl a ll sts, Dr. Meyers & Co., remove u nme r ffi ♦
o ullCl the cause of the trouble and rebuild DDme tnres * J
« a« M»..>.;. n »^ the shattered system by a thorough ~T T '. , O
? DRVEY 9 ERS r i n Jo c constitutional treatment. This cannot A though it I. ?
° SiliiJtthPnfiw be d °"c with electric belts, any other preferable to see o
X deoosi thSnrirl d 3n ' crou * stimulants or the many the patient, in ♦
♦ of a curl Pnie Injurious dru^s which are sold In many instances, it ♦
o hLtJ w any drugstores, used by Eastern swind- |»♦ not «lwa>» O
♦ Sot ?i/?A lers and man V Irresponsible doctors, necessary. If you ♦
2 cc C °' h1"h 1 " be ,. pai , d The remedies, methods and appll- cannot .all. .write 1
o wiS rh ? .f" lircl >: ances which Dr. Meyers & Co. have for private book, o
♦ r«nv.J '♦ !H! H "f used successfully for more than nine- d.a^nosis sheets, ♦
o JJ." v^"' ent f to d 0 teen years are not only safe and sure, advice and J
♦ thispavmentsmuv feu - Perfectly harm . Thousands other particulars, o
♦ be . mo f de ,'" mo nth ' or men attest to rh , statement. All letters confi- ♦
o l> installments. ><X dentlal. So print- °
♦1! requires confi- *^s^o^^SmS7^t^ In 9 on envelopes ©
O dcnce, barked by y^fOTSJßfcfcS^S^S or packages to in ♦
♦ ability, to make /J»^»« YfffV^W di «i"* "««ni' ..! °
♦ such an offer. No / feT^J /W<S»^l LJ \ render. Cures *
o other doctors w, I[ ft < *F) vl^*H \Tr# | sent by mall or ♦
♦ undertake a cure I \ t<*^| 1 [Ot^i ( iMM /[ express free from °
♦ on lhe-,e condi- I 4^yl A i^H A. CT i observation. ♦
0 t ions. Dr. Meyers' fU^^fJ^k^^^/^^rf^M Dr. MevcrsACo/s »
♦ a Co. have been | \Ji>^ little book con- O
° doing business on , DR. MEYERS & CO. CURE tains a great deal ♦
o this plan for many Lost lUnhooi, Premature D;cay, of valuable infor- ♦
♦ >cars. . They find Unnatural Losses, Wasting Drains, mation for men. o
" that it is no: only Nervous D:bilitv\ Private Diseases, young or old, sick ♦
o just to all parties Stricture. Svrhiiis, Rupture, Tumors, or well, married ?
♦ concerned, but Varicocele, Eczema, Canrer, Sleep- or single. It gives o
o that it pays. Dr. l-ssness, Rneumatism, Neuralgia, good advice and °
o Meyers & Co. have KiJney Diseases, Bladder Diseases, explains the mys- X
♦ the largest and Spine Diseases. Liver Diseases, Heart tcrics of married ♦
o best equipped me- Diseases, B.ood Diseases, Skin Dis- life, etc., etc. o
o d.cal institution eases, S.omach Diseases, Eve Dis- Dr. Meyer sACo.'s X
♦ and the most ex- eases, Ear Diseases, Lung Diseases, celebrated treat- ♦
o tensive practice in Rectal Diseases. No incurable cases • ment leaves no o
0 America. 1 taken. ' injurious effect*. ♦
| DR. MEYERS & CO. j
2 I'W Market Street, el evator "«»-•""«>• i
1 IO 1 SAN FRANC.SCO. ENTRANCE. *^SS^H, J
♦ ♦•o*o*o^o*6*o4CH-o*-o+o*o4o+o*o*o*o*o4o*o4-0«-0*0*0*o*fl
DIAMOND
STARS WILL
PLAY BALL
Western Champions and All-
Californias in Their
Initial Game.
The winter series of baseball games will
begin this afternoon at Recreation Park
with a game between the high salaried
cracks of Eastern diamonds and the
champions of the California League from
Sacramento. The .ill-star aggregation li
composed of men whose names and faces
are familiar to local lovers of the game.
Their performances in the East have been
watched with keen interest by their local
admirers, who have taken pride In their
work, because It was here that they made
their debut In their profession. Conspicu
ous among them Is Jay Hughes, the top
notch twlrler of the Brooklyn Club. To
Hughes more than any other man in that
team Is due the credit for winning the
1 championship of the National league, and
he is acknowledged to-day to be the most
expert twirler in the businr sa. The other
members of the aggregation are seasoned
ball to— era, and they are capable nf giv
ing any team in the country a hard bat
tle. Yet the- arimir«>r» of the Hacramento
team are ho enthusiastic over the work
of the champions that they are confident
of their ability to cope with th»j NatloriHl
League stars. They are anxious to nvr
Hughes opposed to Harvey In the box and
their wishes are to bo gratified, for In
one of the time games those two twlrl^rs
will official. The outcome of the contest
will be watched with a great «l«>al of in
terest not only In this city, but also in
the East, for Harvey has been drafted
by Chicago for next season, and the Na
tional League magnates are anxious to
know what he Is capable of doing. Th*
games will surely be spirited affairs, and
a large attendance Is expected.
The line-up for to-day's contest Is as
follows:
All CaJlfornlans. Positions. Baenunento.
Chance Catcher Btan!»y
llucheft or Johnson. Pitcher n.i-, -r
Mertes First bos« O'Connor
U'-Itr Second .'■.!•.•... . S: . • •
Ilulen Third baa* P v .- ■■: .-,
I»ckhrad Shortctnp Lacun
McCarthy Left fUI : Mclaughlin
Van Haltren Center 0*14... Shnnah*n
Knell Right He1d..... Harvey
OAJLLOPER3 UNDER HAMMER.
Algol Brings Three Thousand Five
Hundred Dollar*.
LEXINGTON, Ky . Nov. -At Wood
ward A Shanklln horse sales 100 were told.
The beat sales were:
Anna Bain, 1537. b. f., by Klnfiton. <!tm
Laura W. by Onondag-ue, Jackton Smith. New
port. Ky.. IMOO.
TuHn-. 1191. b. c. by imp. fiir Modr- I
Faux fas. by Imp. Frtnce fharlle.
Wart-w.jrth. |l!>00.
li.iight'.y. : •■:. br f . by Imp. Purs«bau»r.
darn Hlra Vll!a. by lllmyar. I>. J H
Kriss Krln»le. IW. t tl d art ,
Prune, J. 11. McAvoy I
Aljco! imp TopgaJlar
y. by Hen U or. W. \V. r>..
dam Chauntrvs. by Imp I'harmxu*. W. n
Uayonon, $1700.
Serrano, - ■■». eh. h., by Fnnio, . ira Jean«t»»
by Leaver, Thomas Cory. 127t0.
Lady Inez 1533, eh. m., \>y Spendthrift dan
L< t.pitude. Hani Brown. $l«500.
Fau Or. imp. Fortl«sln>" and Terra Cotta.
three famous stallions. each nearly twrnty
yean old. sold for a bun mm of J: to J
Wood. Cincinnati.
O'CONNOR ON THREE WINNERS.
Sidney Lucas Carrie* a Heavy Im-
post to Victory at Bennings.
WASHINGTON. Nov. CO.— Jockey O'Con
nor, who has been so fortunate at thl*
meeting, rode three win:.- m and one sec
ond horse at Bennlngs to-day.
In the second race Royal Sterling, tho
favorite, finished in the field, bidney Lu
ens, in spite of a lone delay at the post
and his heavy impost of 12t> pounds, giil
loninff In and winning by a length.
In the hurdle race Facile feil at one of
the hurdles on the backstretch. turnlr.R
a complete somersault. Carson. h;j
Jockey, tumbled out of the saddle and the
horse rolled over him. Fortunately neitli
<t was seriously injured. Morrlssey. itn
Monroe Doctrine, was romprlleil to pull
up to prevent a clash with the fallen harxn
nnd rider, and Julius Caesar won In a
driving finish by a nose. Ite^ults:
Fix furloniri— Ooal Kunner won. Our O#rt!e
second, L'Allouette third. Time. 1:15.
Handicap, fly« and ■ half furlonys— S!dn»y
Lucas won. Kitchener second, Hagcdon third.
Tlm<\ l:Wl-5.
Selling, hurdle, mil* and m half, over six
hurdl«»-Jul!uii Caviar won. The Lett Chord
second. Bob White third. Tlm«. J:B3 4-5.
Mile and fifty yard*— Claroba won. OoH
Standard second. Ppcdmas third. Time. 1:43 3-S
S«lllnir, one mile a- 1 a ilxteenth— Brtik won'
Compensation second, Rare I'-rfum« third
Time. 1:51 1-5.
Walcott Defeats Creedon.
UTICA, N. V.. Nov. 2).— At the Oeneam
Athletic Club to-night Joe Walcott got
the decision over Dan Creedon at the end
of the twentieth round. Creedon'* right
arm pave cut about the fourteenth rour.fi
and from that time to th« finish he sim
ply acted on th« defensive and was for
tunate In escaping a knockout. WaJrott
will meet Tommy Ryan before the rluh
for a fight of twenty rounds and a purso
of $5000.CONTESTANTS OF
WILLEY'S WILL
ARE DEFEATED
Louisa M. Muirhead
Gets Judgment.
ARGUMENT OF JUDGE SLACK
IT WAS ELABORATE. EFFECTIVE
AND CONVINCING
• Vilega-
I Against the Proponent
W- re Based on Fact and
Decides Accord ir.
A Jury !n Juds:e Troutfs court has
traded the wealth of the late Charlea
Walter WlMey to the only frier.d he knew
(Jurirc the last ye*n of his life; Louisa
M. Mu'.rhcad. Tho contestants r.f his win
rrW. K. and R. Sprint;er» Abbie \V. Bxid
ham and Sarah <\ Sharrer— who claimed
that Mrs. Mulrhead nad exercised un.lue
influence over th«> deceased, and a'.»s-> that
the dectased was of unsound mind at
the time he executed the testament, are
down and out. ar.d Mrs. Mulrhead is the
victor.
When the case opened yesterday mora
le* Jur!K<» Charley \V. Hla.-k began his
argument. Th.-tt s:uci..>.l "eloquent •■ ' <>".'
rli*» mediocrity <>f the bar •*■••* abs.nt. the
lawyer dependln" solely on th* intelli
gence of the jury, reasoning with them
rather than playfnc <>n their i»jmpathle?j
and this won th»- « use. In answer to the
content Jon of th«* conr» stunt that Willty
was of unsound mind. Judge Slack re
ferred to the act «-f the deceased Jn uo
lr.c to hil lawyer. Timothy J. Lyons, in
htructinß htm to draw his will and in
forxr.Jrir him in detail *•* to the disposi
tion he crißhcd made of M* property.
That he drar.K. .--u:u Jutige tfla<-'«;. :io <:k-
WALTER \\ILI t^ Wl se Will Was Sustained.
«•
r
■
rk Club With the R^sr.
-
appointed to participate at the Native
Fons" Unll meeting «<n next Monday n!ght:
T. Hilling. 11. E. Mlnklin. Thomas ONeil
nnd H. I'.-thrrann.
a • ■♦■ No Investment offern th» returns that are to b* o b-
111 tair.ed from stock purcha! l^ In a 1-Kl'im-jte oil company.
[| I The prudent Inventor will not buy.however.untll he has care-
w ■ fu!!y .■•■•• to which hi* attrntlon
I ? I may have be»-i ra!>d. ■■••■■ the vii i:i.i\<»
IIIIPrPQI on. AND I'EVi:i.()r.Mi:XT co believes It Is pre-
j Illpl 00l "rtJnif nn opportunity for rain .that ■hould Interest in-
teniiir.ff purchaser* of ell Moclc. and ba«e» that claim. In
1. I"art. up"n the ... its land, which is patented. In
tH located m a I'UOVKX "ii. IiHTKICT. with wells
[ J In which OIL. U.\> HOI STKI?CK near to and ad-
_ t Jotr.init Its property: It ha* an abundant water
I nyf) FT ft i n .*v '■■■■;;'•■*:>'. the I- r.-:.i of competlni; rai!r a i lines for
t I'llil^S'ily j tjar.!>j>ort«tlon of Its product. We have ether reasons Just
•II 1 1/ li *• I ll^» as valid, which are explained In our prospectus, that is
Pa «ent trr+; so Is . tea a complete map of the Famous Kern
Diirr'h^ocirc nivrr Oil I-»i«rlct. We court your Investigations, and
I*l Illlsli^nl « ««-r.d ready tn PItOVE our every claim. A limited
I Ul UiIUVUI amoum of tr^^ry etock i, -flat CO CENTS per
r star.
Of STERLING OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
(11l OtfinLf '*' " (> Crocker Building, Third Hoop
Zt\i AS I (bin • Directors— Wra. S. Gate. Pre».: John A. Banting.
Wll VIUUIIJ •♦■ \nr« Pres. ; J. C. Hampton. -; K. ICMten. H. H. Blood.
KEMP'S SCHEME
TO ELECT MORE
NEW TEACHERS
Bergerot Blocks His
Little Game.
♦ —
SCHOOL DIRECTORS CLASH
NO MOKE EXAMINATIONS FOR
TERM ABOUT TO END.
♦
Semi-Annual Promotions Are Abol
ished Temporarily — Board Con
firms a Number of Assign
ments of Teachers.
A bare-faced attempt to pave the way
for the election uf an Indefinite number '
of te-tehers 5n the School Department wru
maui» by Director Kemp at the meeting
of the Board <>f Education last night, but
the scheme vis nipped in the bud by!
rre.et.Jont Bergerot Just when the meet- '
lr.R was about to close Kemp Introduced ;
pome resolutions amending rules IC3-IvS, j
relating t.-> the appointment and retire
meat of v arhers. and providing that to j
be eligible for ejection It was only neces- !
sary that the applicant shuiild p<i«se.«« a I
State diploma or a city an.l county oertifl
rate. i\»n!--l<k-rin£ the fact that there are j
now thirty-seven teachers on the unas- i
s!cn«'fi list th*; amendment war. clearly a I
scheme to abolish the pr«-*« m method <if
appointment. President Bergerot realized
this. ::ni! addressing Kemp vehemently
exclaimed:
"1 sve In this amendment the first step
toward a concerted movement to elect a j
batch of unnecessary teachers in the do- |
!'Hnm->ni. I pmpo.-e to frustrate Mirh a
j..*lp.-ible move even if I have to use ex- •
treme parliamentary taqtlcs ti> dn so. !
This board I? on the eve of going out of
office with a clean record, and any at
tempt to besmirch it will mt*t with mv
opposition. There is a little joker in the
proposed amendment which is plain to
m»."
Kemp replied somewhat Incoherently
when he saw that he had put his foot in
"Well, if you see a jok*r In It you are
welcome to the joker." an.! th«»n moved to
adjourn after his amendment was pro
nounced out of order hy IVrgcrot.
The following resolutions were adopted:
Kf-r,!\M. That thtre b» no examination* in
tbc TONIC *.-h.>.!»i of th!« city an.J county for
th» t*rm «-n<iinc Iv-^rnbT IS, ISM.
F!r*r.!v«vl, That frail -annual rromnttonn tw
abolish"*!, rxrrj.t in th* cra^uatlnc clan of th<»
Mich school. f>,r th- t«-rm ending December
US*. <nly. a.nd that rrjpilar promotion* froni
snde to cra<> take place annually in the
month of Jun«».
A number of assignments of . . -hers
were confirmed on the recommendation of
Superintendent Webster.
T ,''^ ay V s of Ifcwce were granted Mrs
K. S. Ix»i:d. Mrs. J. Sarles Miss R F
Morgan. Miss R. Goldsmith, Miss J c'lav
burgh. , '
It was resolved that candidate* to the
day htgh schools at any date other than
the lx ginning of the school year must
have credentials from high school
to the principal, certifying that the work
already completed by the elas* he or she
may fleet to enter has been completed or
pass examinations over said work
The following communications were
r'VT/CT'' \° ro :?™lt"">s: From
«.. B. Jiolbrorik. who r.ffVrs to rent t
seven-room house at 3CI Clipper street
n#ar* Castro, owing to the obie C tion4
raised by parents to the location of prim
ary classes over a saloon, corner of c a «.
-
i/ i 'V\ mm PlPtoriP IPtori - a teacher in the West
■
i^CV n V Ot i'W hr ' •°«thwe»t corner of
fofj:>r an Kansa " streets to the city
Appointed Storekeepei
I ir.<=p»rtor
■ • • .
No. ?.. whi»!i will b€
:
Japan: has had a synagogue since the
yenr II 4 ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 30, 1899.
CLEVER COMIC OPERA BY
STEWART AND ROBERTSON
WILL' AM YVUOLF AS KING CADHN/A.
0;- Opera-house has opened its portals to local talent.
Ti:is time it is the comic oper;» by 11. .1. Stewart and Pet<?r Robertson
entitled "His Majesty" and presented here before with considerable suc
cess. The management announces that It ha-- taken great pains in giving
the work a thorough overhauling, pruning here and there superfluous
passages and adding some comedy elements, rio that those who have seen Ino
work before will hardly recognize, it sain under this new improvement.
A particularly brilliant addition will be Charles H. Jones" latest device,
"the raanh of ... pases," to be executed by a ...... prett'.est
girls at the Grand. Those who have followed these marches will have an Id^a
of the pleasure In store for them. The accompaniment to this mar' will con
sist of H. J. Stewart's composition entitled "Exposition March," composed for
the Midwinter Fair.
William Woolf in the role of • King Cadenza will have a particular opportu
nity to exhibit his best work and there will be lots of fun and good music.
DARING CROOKS
ARRESTED FOR A
GRAVE OFFENSE
Bad Men With a Bad
Record.
About 3 o'clock yesterday morning: Pa
llet- OtttC«r Thomas Conway captured two
daring crooks afu-r they had stood up a
drunk In an ttempt to commit robbery
at the corner of California and Kearny
streets. Both have long criminal records,
ar.d wer'« booked at the Californiaistreet
police station with having attempted rob
bery. The men w*r«* detected by John D.
O'Brlcn. who Informed the officer before
the mi n could escape, and the arrest fol
lowed.
Yesterday morning two men who after
ward proved to lie Joe Riordan and Frank
E. Crafton, both ex-convicts, met Carlo
D. Bernardo, who resides at the California
Hotel, at 210 Montgomery avenue, on
Kearny street, near Sacramento. They
walked him as far as California street
and then commenced a systematic search
of his pockets. While they were engaged
in the daring operation, almost Immedi
ately under tne glare of an electric lamp.
O'Brien stepped irom the CaUfornla~street
police station and walked toward Kearny
street. He recognized the drunk as one
he saw at the same corner a short time
I before and witnessed the men In the act
of attempting to rob him. O'Brien walked
toward tne group, and was hot discovered
until he was almost upon them. Both the
crooks then released their victim and in
a familiar tone bid him adieu. O'Brien
then a*k.-d the trunk it he was acquainted
with his companions. The drunk replied
that he was not. and that the men hud
just gone through his pockets, whereupon
O'Brien called Officer Conway and ap-
Erised him of the facts. The pair of tod
ers cn.ssed California street, and had
just started down the side opposite the
police station when the officer was upon
them. Bernardo then confronted them
and accused them of having attempted to
rub him. in the presence, of several officers
and witnesses.
Both men were taken into the station,
and Kiordan made a desperate attempt to
escape. He was first followed by O'Brien.
Officer James Connolly then Joined In the
chase, and after a long run caught the
«-seap»-d prisoner. Riordan struck Con
nolly several severe blows with his heavy
umbrella before he could be handcuffed.
When the crook returned to the station he
gave two names, Joseph Smith and David
Kllngenfess. and his companion claimed to
be a physician who recently arrived from
Chicago". Both •.■■•• locked up.
To-day the detectives found that both
of the- men were ex-convlcts*and daring
criminals. The man who made an attempt
to free himself from the clutches of the
law is Joe Riordan. who has served two
terms, one for burglary and another for
robbery, besides having been convicted
many times since he was 11 years old of
j mlno'r often — Crafton. Instead of being
a Chicago physician. Is a Fresno forger,
who spent some time in San Quentin.
The cases were called In Judge Mogan's
court yesterday morning, but, owing to
the inability of Bernardo to positively
identify the men. he being badly intoxl
cateel when the affair happened, and the
absence of other witnesses, the case was
postponed until Saturday morning.
The police think that the men are re
sponsible for a large number of the crimes
and holdups which have recently been
committed, and pronounce them bad char
acters. They feel confident of connecting
them with other cases.
A PICKPOCKETS FLIGHT.
I Notorious "Kid" Young Has Jumped
His Bonds and Gone to Chicago.
George W. Young, bettor known in
criminal circles as "Kid" Young, has
Jumped his bonds and has written one of
his sureties that he will never visit Cali
fornia again, as he thinks Chicago a bet
ter and safer Held.
Young is a notorious pickpocket, and
was arrested last week for playing a
Mm-flam game upon V. Pedro ta, a restau
rant man at US Montgomery avenue. The
case was assigned to Judge Graham's
court and Young was released on $:9K)
bonds, hih sureties being Martin Quintan,
an attorney, and Young's wife. Attention
was called Saturday to the character of
the bond and Bond Expert Newman re
ported that Qulnlan was all right* but
thai Young's wife was not worth a cent.
Judge Graham was notified Tuesday
that Young Intended to leave the city, and
he Issued a bench warrant for his arrest,
which was given to Lieutenant Martin to
serve: but the bird had flown. Yesterday
the Judge, on Young failing to answer to
his name, declared the bond forfeited.
Detective Bllvey was in court, a? other
charges ••'■re to be preferred against
Young, and he would have been arrested.
Quintan received a letter from him yes
terday which had been posted before his
i flight that this city was cettlnr too hot
■
Qulnlan i
put i. -
THE BBOWN MURDER.
Testimony for the Prosecution Con
cluded and a Continuance
Granted.
Th«» preliminary exiimlnation of Paul
Debnupe. chars^d with the murder of
Delia Brown at 14 Turk street November
3. was continued before Judge Mogan yes
terday.
Dr. Zabala. the autopsy physician, tes
tified that he found thirty knife wounds
on the woman's face, neck and body,
which caused tier death. The rope found
around her neck had been put on prior to
her death and had caused partial strangu
lation.
Policemen P. J. Trace; "W. Coleman
and Samuel Orr t*><»T!t'..-<l as to the condi
tion of the woman's body and the defen
dant wh<«n they entered the room. The
defendant acknowledged to Trace] that
he killed the woman because she had
stolen HO from him.
This e!osed the case for the prosecution
and at the request of Attorney Wilson, for
the defendant, a continuance" was granted
till Dt-iember 6.
— ■ ♦ ■
A New Firm.
I.yon &■ Hoac Is tho name under which
Mr. George F. Lyon an.l Mr. K. 1.. tag
have opened a r"al estate office at 114
Montßomery street.
Hoth of the ,■ ntletnen nr» well and fa
vorably known to a larpe number of prop
(Tty own< rs. 'or many years they have
been connected with the "firm of Baldwin
A Howell. They will do a general real es
tate business. eluding the purchase arid
sal" as well as the care of property, col
k-ctlor. of rents, etc.
RHEUMATISM,
Pains in Back and Weak Kidneys Cured by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
< \
I can cure your rheumatism, your back pains and your weak kidneys. I have cured them for thousands who
had tried all other known remedies before using my Belt. Bead this letter:
GLENWOOD, Banta Crm County. CaL. Nov. - from your little book, and value that very much. MhM was
Dr. M A M< 1... ichlln Dear Sir : Your KlTtrio B^H a ♦»-rrll>l.- case, .in«l I had about lost faith In any cure But
treatment h derfully improved my condition that 1 your remedy tea saved me ami turned h :i <-k the h.i-
am r. - ting .i friend also to us.- it for hi- - time to youth and cured my pains and Rheumatlsn 1 Tours
Rheumatism. I gained a good dt-al of useful knowledge truly, ].. i .. VAN WINKLE.
DR. McLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
If v d have a pain or an ache In any part of your body .mJ have had no relief from other means, come to the last
r?sorr, tne grandest and most successful rem-Jv known to-Jav. It his a subtle, de?p-reachin? influ-nc upon pain,
soothing the inflamed and trndT parts .md restoring the strength which has becn> wasted. Yr<, it not only cur?s the
c-use of pain, but it r;stores the healthy vigcr to every organ of the Dody.
CALL. TO"DAY Are you suffrring? Then, as you wish relief from your pain, call to-day. Let me give
• you afrre te«t and prove to you how wonderfully my B-lt does its work. Let m; show
you what it has don- for hundreds of other-. B?nr in mind, you can wear mv Belt in comfort while you sleep, anJ that
you feel a cntle, glowing warmth eolnc through the affected part every minute. This is what cures. No bury.ing
op blister ng. As good for women a* for men.
My Sc-page beautifully illustrated t-ook is mailed free to you if you can't call, also symptom blanks on w hich you
can describe your case. My advice is free. Call or write to-day.
fin II A &£?«*! AIBAIII 111 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, offi «« "oar.-s.m. to 8:3 >pm
Un fWI H MPi ii !164 H I \vi S.F.. and Burdick Block. Sunday.. 10 to I.
Ulll Bill 111 Iff UI»nWUIILI II Cor Bpnag »nd S*!onl. Los Atj!i»j- NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
To-Day's Celebrations
THANKSGIVING
TO BRING WORK
FOR SOLDIERS
It Is the Day for the
Monthly Muster.
— • —
Thanksgiving will not all be a day of
rest per ■ day of prayer at the Presidio. •
There will be company dinners In all tin
barracks and the hospital corps has pro
vided for the occasion by laying In a sup
ply of 100 pounds of turkey, while as much
more has been secured for the patients,
but It will be th*» last day of the month,
and so the later must be held, and In
addition to that the troops of all kinds
must be paraded at 1« o'clock to have read
to them general order US from the head
quarters of tin- army.
General order 1^ contains the proclama
tion of the President expressing his re
grets over the death of Vice President
Hobart. It is dated November 22. and th<s
order directs that the troops a. every post
be paraded on the morning of the day
succeeding the receipt of the order, and
that th.- order shall be read to them.
The Forty-second Infantry is under or
ders to br»-ak camp at » o'clock. It will
march to the transport duck and will be ,
embarked on th Columbia nd I >alny !
Vostock. The men of the regiment will
eat their Thanksgiving dinner on the high \
seas; that is. those of them who will cart
to eat at all.
The officers of the regiment had a sort ;
of Thanksgiving of their own last evening ;
at an uptown restaurant. They tendered !
a bamiuet to their commanding ottlcer. ;
Lieutenant Colonel Heacom.
The sailing orders for the Forty-ninth J
have been changed, us it was expected j
'they would be. Saturday next has been j
substituted, and It la probable thai then j
there will be transport room for the whole ,
repirnetu. Hut two battalions were under
orders to sail to-day, but by delaying the !
command until Saturday it can all sail to
gether. It may be. however, that the sec- j
ond transport, probably the Sherman, will
not be ready until Tuesday, and in that !
case the tirst two battalions Will be or- j
dered away to-morrow, and th*» third bat- i
talion will" wait for the Sherman. The
men of the Forty-ninth received a month's
pay yesterday.
Captain Frank West. Sixth Cavalry, ac
companied by Veterinary Surgeon E. J.
Creelv »nd John M. llailhache. an em
ploye of the quartermaster's department. J
has been ordered to proceed to Klamath
Falls. Or., to buy hors. * for the cavalry.
Acting Assistant Surgeon George A. /.•-' - I
ler has been assigned to duty on the
transport Westminster.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John Mason
Williams has been ordered to Ixmilsvlllp.
Ky.. for the purpose of having his con- j
tract annulled.
There was a lecture on the opportunities
and mineral resources of the Philippines
last evening under the auspices of the Re,i i
(,'mss Society. The entertainment was
well attended and netted a round sum for
the organization.
Dinner at Fort Point
A sumptuous Thanksgiving dinner will
be given by Battery I. Thlnl Artillery, at
Fort Point t<vday. Thomas 1.. Gray and
Charles Andrews; chefs, will prepare the
dainty dishes. The menu is as follow*:
Soup.
Green Turtle. ConMmmt.
Fish.
T< Bteoda. Kncllsh Sol*. Striped Ban.
M>»ati« anil -..:-•«
Roast Turkey. Krult ifflng I. !n of Pork,
Cranberry an>l Apple Sauce.
vegetable*.
Ma»h»<! Potato*". Haked Iwttt Potato*!.
Turnip*. Parsnips. fireen Peas.
• m. C*lery. Pickles.
Roast*.
Roast Wai. Ftna.«t B»*f. Filipino Gravy.
Roast Mutton. Natural Oravy.
Dessert.
Currant. Umrr.. ch»-- Mine* and Squash
Pl<*s. Tapioca Pud<llnic.
Fruit and <"ak»f.
Apples. Oranir»s. Hanana.«. NutM
Fruit Cake. Marble Cake. Pound Cak*
Jelly Cake
Bread and Butter. T>a nnd Coffee with Cream.
Clar»t and Port Win-.
Letter Carriers at Baseball.
Th* • i ri*»rs of Station I
■ ■ .
triera in i same of baseball
\ ill.- this afterni ■ • ' h
team will be ma«l.' up fr'>m th*> foil ■
Frank T
L Harks, Charles de In Fontaine. J t.
w. Long H •
w <; Berry. 1' Bu< klej ,J. C
■ ■- ■ Bchnepp.
THANKS TO BE
OFFERED UP IN
MANY CHURCHES
Special Services in
Honor of the Day.
A- befitting the day church-goers v.ill
crowd their respective places of worship
this morning and offer up thanksgiving
for blessing* received during the pist
twelve mouths und pray for a continua
tion of them. Beautiful music ami appro
priate sermons will mark th.- day. Some
of the churches will be deco rated with
holly, red lorries and flowers appropriate
to the tesson of the year.
President Benjamin :•• Wheeler of the
University of California will preach the
annual Thanksgiving sermon to the con
gregations of the Calvary Presbyterian.
First Congregational and the First Hap
tlst cnurches. (Services will be held at 11
o'clock.
The annual memorial mass for the re
pose of the souls of the deceased mem
bers of ihe Gentlemen's Sodality ot Ht,
Ignatius Church will be held In the So
dality chapel on Hayes street this morn-
Ing at ":?) o clock. Mass will be celebrat
ed by Rev. Father J. Mickey. S. J.. n.id
the spiritual director of the society, end
a sermon will be preached !>y Rev. rather
\V. Culligan of San Jose. Friends of the
Sodallstß are Invited to attend.
A Join! service <>f the «'ongregati.in
Rmanu-RI ami the Sherith Israel wll 1 be
held at the Temple Emanu-Kl on Surer
street, between Stockton and Powell, at
It o'clock this morning. Key. Dr. Nltia
will deliver an address.
Rev. S. I>. Hutslnplllar. pastor of the
Central Vethodlst Kplscopa" Chu:< h.
will deliver the annual Thanksgiving -i-r
mon for 11* brethren In the Simpson
Memorial Church, corner haves r.n<l
Buchanan <-treets. The sacred edlrlo will
be crowded with ministers and iriemf ers
of the Methodist Episcopal church. An
elaborate musical programme has been
arranged, which will l>e rendered by a
chorus of forty voices, under the direction
of J. M. Shawhan.
At. St. Luke's. Van NVss avenue ,nJ
Clay street, the following excellent pto-
Bramme will be rendered tins morni.ig
by a vested choir of fifty-two men ana
boys under the direction of IV. A. Salifn,
F. K. C. 0.. organist and choirmaster:
I'nltM Brotherhood communion. 7:30 a. m..
It a. m. : processional, hymn I?:. "Praise to U»d
Immortal. l'r.\\*~" iKi«-heri; n*i!iil i-i.:n
muivlev): "Te IVum" (Parker. In K>: "Jubi
late" i Parker. In Xi: hymn 191. "To The-, o
Lord. Our Hearts We Uaii«e" iSulllvant: kyrl*
iThomi - "»»I<>rln lUrt" (Talllio: himn IK
"Our Fat hern* God. to The*" H'dvyr. wrni'iti;
anthem. "I Will (live Thanks" ItSdwaitU): ri»
ceysinnal. hymn !i-3, "Come, Ye Thankful IV.j
\>lt. C>,w" lElVer).
Following their yearly custom the num
bers of the Third Congregatloral Churth.
on Fifteenth street, near Mission, will
bring donations of turkey*, vegetab'-s.
groceries and other necessities to be dis
tributed through a committed to the de
serving poor. Every member <-f the rfjn
day-BCQool and church la expected to
bring something. They are al 1 to meet
at the 'hun hi 11' o'clock. Rev. i»r.
Hader will deliver an address and a spe
cial musioal nrogramme will be render* d.
The union Thanksgiving services o.* the
Plymouth Congregational. Firs'. English
Lutheran. Centenary Method EpfcWO
pal. St. John*? Presbyterian. West Slle
Christian and Hamilton p.juare churriies
will be held this morning in the First
English Lutheran < 'hurch. 1313 Geary
street. Following la the order of xcr
vlces:
Orcan voluntary: chant. * T>n' > <ll<'tu« In A"
flloMen-Fteld): r»a<llnx of thank^xlvlnr i-rocl«
mat l<>n Rev. Dr. E. ,NVland»r: hymn N.». T».
"From All Who Dwell Below th- Bkter*; r«J-
In* of pali Key. Dr. F. B. <*h»rinct..n:
rrayer. Key. K. J. Moor*: jinth^m. •'Whtlf th»
Karth Remaineth** i.Ma«n<l»r»: r»-aOlnr of U*
fon. Rev. \V. C. Jenkins: hymn No. '^*.
••America": f»rmon. "Obi Drbt lo Gi>l an-i
How to Pay It." Rom. sil:l. Rev. G. «. Kl
(lreilc: announr<rnent by 11. A. Res*. M.l>.,
pr»-»iilent of board of ill rector* i>f I'arlflo Ho»
pltal: offertory Ptitei '"I-ay Not ';• for
Yourselves" <Oambrlil«*>: nff^rtory: doxolojty.
"Praise God From \\'h»m All Hl»!>«tnc» Flow**;
benediction. Key. Philip Coomb*. The off-rtory
at this Berrtee will I>* dcrotod v> the uar of the
Christian Hospital Atsuclatlon.
Thank«*lvinfr i irttl be hc\d ar it
■ ■
• 'hurch. I>:\ Mackenzie will preach the
aennoa on "Tl ■ n Sue-
No married man In Vienna Is allowed to
ro up In a balloon without the formal con
sent of his wife and children.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
Few Days' Brew
of Deadly
Uric Acid.
In a few days you brew enough urlo
acid In your own body to produce
i death.
Your kidneys are your only salvation.
Because when they are well they fit-
ter out this deadly pol?on. -
So, when y«>tir kidney;* are Pick, you
can understand h<>w quickly your en-
tire body is affected, and how every or-
< gun seems t»» fall to do Its duty. '
Tli-y are all being slowly poisoned.
IJrlc acid poison Irritates the. n»rves
and causes rlieurnati** pains in Joints,
muscles and limbs, headach-. backache,
stomach and liver trouble, shortness of
breath. h~art trouble, dizziness, nerv-
ousness, irritability, lassitude. loss ft
ambition, weakness and wnstlnsr away.
Re<l»brlck dust and similar sediments
in the urine are also caused by various
salts of uric acid.
The cure f»>r these troubles Is Pr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Hoot, the Kr*»r»t kidney
remedy.
It Instantly relieves the congested,
overworked kidneys and gradually
brings them back to heulth.
Healthy kidneys keep down the ex-
cess of uric acid, and you soon feel the
benefit in new health and strength.
Swamp-Root should at once be tak*»n
ujM.n the least sign of ill health. It will
make you well and is for s;ile th** world
over In bottlen of two size* and two
prices— Zo cents and 41.
Swamp-Root Is used in the lending
I hospitals; recornmend-d by skillful
j physicians in th> Ir private practice, an<l
Is taken by doctors themselves who
have kidney ailments, because they
I recognize In It the cr»nt-st and most
successful remedy f..r kidney and blad-
der troubles.
To prove Its wonderful efficacy. sen<!
your name and address to Dr. Kilmer
A Co.. P.lnghamton. N. V.. mentioning
( this paper, when you will receive fre«
! of all charge a sample bottle of Swamp-
Hoot and a valuable book by mall. pr»—
j paid. This book contains many of th*
thousands upon thousands ».f testimo-
, nial lett'-rs received fr«»m men and wo-
men cured.
OVERCOATS $20. I
Mail* ti> or>l*r frf>m th* \*ry lat»«t alt-
u .... in.i'-r. ,' ;■•-* i .• in ■•■ , • and
r. :. -1-. Ib-tt <if «-!■•...■.-•.;. and a : -~-
feci rtt msur*-.!.
Alt-woul aalu .< 1. "...".!• worth %.
1 ii .ik. thi" b»»t !"iit« nn>l rhitrce 11
p»r rent le*» than o?h»r tailur*.
<"all and ■»<? m^ Hti^n you want a
nr«t-«la!«» rait mad* t.-. r:r>!»r.
\f\SijSr^ % y"TAILORy "TAlL0R
: llloill'J Market Kill Waalw v
. X --t. ff.. Oakland.
! : SOl.Son MonHt"tn»nr it-. ?outh Kprtnr
j I »t . Baa Kran*-li»co. it.. 1* ■* Ani«iM.
THEY WILL GET IT IN
THE NECK
On Thanksgiving day from saw-edjre«
on their collars, unless the men of San
Francisco are wise enough to take their
linen to a first-class laundry. If yon
want beauty of color and an exqulalte
finish on your shirts, collars and cuffs
and have them sent home In perfect
condition, bring them to the United
States laundry, as we guarantee satis-
faction to our patrons.
United States Laundry. Offlc»
IOO4> Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
FOR SALE!
»:«0 acres of eho!c« train land la Chine*
County, five miles east cf Arbuckl«. Th« tand
l» all reclaimed and absolutely protected by
. Independent l«?ve»» from flood water*. Ta«
yield for th« past season was over 13 sacks of
, wheat per fre.
Improvements consist of a fln« two-«tory
dwelllnx with hot and cold water throughout.
•— lant» barns and we!!».
The land I* aaataaad for Ml. ooo. Th« irnpnTe.
nients are Insured for 112.3*).
For further Information apply to
J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager,
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COM PA NT.
MoTitrnmery and California St» . San Fraaetseo.
— f> — •
■ a *S9 Jam BB^^*ajaa
LbW-16bW fl EV n^**aWM|
Wk «B
.4//. >#n^.«j IHttaf— Tailing >I»a.
orjr. Slaaolwaaa**. »tc.. csa«ed or **«r
worn and ladtacrrtiooa. Ta*w «w<«*lm
una) turrijf rwore LoatVitalltT la o(4
or youo*. and fit a ■•■ (or stodr. b«et*
DMi or pttMarv. Pr«T«nt lasaaitraat
Cocwmptton if Uk*a la ttma. To«<r
I < o-»-. .«i a<li*t« lßi>roma«otaa(laS*ctaCtJßi!
■ hera«llo»ha.-i fall. loaUt upon h»»in< tbegvaila*
i Tablets. Th-» h»»o ci—l thooeacd* aadsrlll
) care jya. V»# (tiro a po.i;i»o «rrit:«n Kua/mateala W-
. ' feet a core la sac b caaa or rvfoad to* laooer. trie*
CArft Par P«*-l"Ci or •»* p«cka««4 I fall tmt-
I 9wClS a meal for $2.&Obr mail. ia pUia wrs««t.
i Opon r-c»ip' < f pr.' a < irea!jr»fre«
I AJAX REMEDY CO.. 7 %JR!^ W ?,««-
I F*>r ->:• In ■ F. by t^:pnlti * Co., No Per-
1 cenUKJ-Druic Co.. Owl fruit Co.. S. F.. "akl 4.
ICOKE! COKE!
> P. A. MCDONALD.
> V."fcclf •»!- Deater and Shipper of Co** • ,
> IWbcle»«'e P-aler «r4 Shipper at Cofc*
pryica iv rou*o* tr
56
TlJ^s'dlyZZ. XOV^Tr" jo, 18QO
Address All Communications to W. ii. LEAKE. Manager.
I'llllll I «Knu:...Mnrkol mid Third. «■ . V
Telephone Main is«;s.
CDITOm \l. ItOOMS .SIT to SSI Stevenson m.
Ull— ■•!■ 1874.
D«'ll»rri««l »i» Carrier*.  -. < .-n i« r.-r \\ <•«•!».
■
Term* >w Mull. Ineln4tns l*osniK«*i
I)\1I.V 1 i .ll. ilmc|-,,:i.;» «>.,,..■- 1. <ttii« > «-nr. «!;.<*<»
I) IILT C \I.I. I lad 1 .1. Mintln> t. (I months. . <••
[i ill 1 (°\t.l. flndDdlaK S«t»d«r>. :t month*: . MM
DAILY CALL — Bjr -|f I,- Month Gsc
MMIIV CALL (Inr \«-«r 1 "••' !
UISISKLV « MI »n.- \,ar «•«»»
All |i»»l.nnv(i m nrr t 'n»ri .'<•«! »*» reeel»*e
miil)k<tl pliona.
Saiuj.l.- rojilin vi 111 be 01 v.:inliil nhrn rrqtir«<nl
OAKLAND <M*llt I' MM 111 ■mi..
c\ •.: n.. : k 1 .M -••.
M*nt««r lonian \,h, ril>l> ;,. Mir.pnrttf Hotlit
tnur, Cb trait o.
m:\v MIX connnspoxniJXTt
C. C. C\IILTOX .llrruld S«nnro I
.
XR\v 1 (tin. m:i'itr.M:NT\Tivi:i
rcnitY Ll KC\i .lit 23 Trtbane iiiiililinu j
CniCAGO NEWS STANDS 1
Sherman llovnei I*. O. \^■^^•■ i «i.: 1 n-nt North
ern Ilofrl] rii'iiiml 1 1 •i -1 «.«• ; \ll <1 1 1 or ':i in II « » •- 1
m « vortK m:\vs stwdsi
Waldorf- \»torln M..1.-I: A. Hrcntmiu, :tl I nlun
-.jinirr: Murray Mill Hotel.
\\ \»lll\(.|u\ «l). ( .» Hi 111 . .-Mill li (on Hotel
J. 1.. i:\<;i.imi. Correspondent.
li!(iM II "I PICK* T.IT >ii:..ni.r« -irrrt. cor
ner t lay. €ipen until DtSO o'clork. :'.<•:► Hnyen
»irrrt. open ui»tll »::u» o'clock. «>:«> MeAlllvter •
Btreet. •!»«• 11 until Dt3«> o'clock. ItlS l.nrkln
■ treet. T.pen until !»:;•.»• o'clock. ill Ml«ml«a
street, open until Ml o'clock. S3OI Market
► tre«M. corner Shirmih, <i|nn until l> .r.i
1«»«.mi Valencia »tr«-et. open 11. nil i o'clock. !
ion Olevcntb. ntreet. ■>.-(• un-.ii t o'clock."]
X\V. etirtwr T«renty*-«econd II 11. 1 Kentucky;
»lr<-r<s 'i|»-n until J» n*«'lock.
AMUSEMENTS.
■ ' i
CONCEALING THE STATE RECORDS
■ *  , , . ■'■■■■.
C-I;OR some reason— or possibly from a sheer lack
j of reason— Governor Gage has endeavored to
prevent the press from obtaining information
concerning the proceedings of the btatc government
and other oiTscxal matters which should be of public
record. As \va< pointed out yesterday, The Call on-
Saturday published from its correspondent in Santa
Cniz the Inter of resignation of Dr. F. W. Bliss as a
member of the State Hoard of Dental Examiners,
ljut up to yesterday our Sacramento correspondent
had been able to find no record of it open to news-
K-t.iercrs. Information has also been received from
an authoritative source that Dr. G. S. Bachman,
president of the board, and Dr. W. A. Moore, the
secretary, have resided, but here again the records
in the Ciovensnr s ottjee do not show the facts nor
would the attaches oi the oince give mtormation in
regard to them.
■
I
■ > ■ meet
■
■
Tl.e thanks of the press and of the public are due
to the Hee for :ts defen-e of the law and the right m
this matter. It :s, however, by no means satisfac
tory to know that in order to obtain information of
the proceedings of public bodies citizens arc com
pelled under thi< administration to rcjort to what
the Bte calis "a legal jimmy" to force the records
open.
■
■
-
The British it, South Africa have filed a formal pro
ten with the Boer? against the u<e of dum-dum bul
lets. At the j>r;ice conference the dnm-dums had no
... . v
more enthu«ir.st:c champior.s than :li c British It
depend*, it seems, altogether on who happens to be
it the business end of the bullet
like to
- • :tude
Nt on
• ■
' and bea
The police have arrived at conclusion that a
local degenerate who choked the life out of a woman
is a strangler. It is quite possible that they, may
supplement their opinion with the discovery that the
Chicago ministers have communed with them
selves and have bitterly denounced Thanksgiving
football as a desecration. Somebody in Chicago
must have stumbled across a forgotten copy of the
blue laws.
The dispatches declare that Cecil Rhodes is pre
pared to escape from Kimberley in a balloon. This
i< the fiftt definite confirmation of the suspicion that
the South African manipulator wanted to get off
the earth.
:'ns does not want Q ppoioUneut to the
convinced tl
ted. I'erhaps another trip I
bring peace to his mind and satisfaction to the
■ f
OUR THANKSGIVING DAY.
WITH each succeeding year the people of the
United States, and chiefly those of California,
find in their conditions some special reason ior
: observing with genuine gratitude and sincere joy the
annual festival of Thanksgiving. It was so even in
the years of financial panic, industrial depression and
of drought, and in this year of prosperity such
reasons are to be found on every side, in every line
of industry, in all sections of the State and in almost
every household.
At the present time the prosperity of California de
pends mainly upon the rural industries of her people,
for as yet she is an agricultural rather than a manu
j factoring or commercial community. It i? to the ,
i farms, therefore, we have to look for the basis of our J
I material good, nor will we look in vain. Statistics j
compiled by the California Fruit-grower in its annual j
review of the harvests of the State abundantly show !
; forth the flourishing condition of our farms, orchards,
vineyards, hoptields and pastures. The shipments of
Caliiorma fnut. vegetable and vine products for the
calendar year iBgS were 8078 ten-ton carloads in ex- j
cess of those of the previous year, and while the ship- j
ments of this year cannot be exactly estimated, yet
j it is certain they will far exceed those of last year.
j In fact, the fresh fruit shipments which were made
j up to October 31 show in increase over those of the I
corresponding period of last year of 1344 carloads, 1
making a total up to that date of 6464 carloads and j
j giving reason to believe that by the end of the year
the fresh deciduous fruit shipments alone will amount i
to about 8000 carloads.
When to these shipments are added those of citrus
fruits, of dried and canned fruits and raisins and nuts
and wine, it will be seen that the grand total will be
something of marvelous richness. Last year the
i shipments were 6078 cars of fresh fruit, 4-. cars of
: prunes. I^7o cars of dried fruits other than prunes. 1
j 40^2 cars of raisins. 2,602.322 cases of canned fruits
! nnd vegetables. 10.875 carloads of oranges and
! lemons, 610 carloads ot almonds and walnuts. 44.500
bales of hops and 3847 cars of fresh vegetables. To
.1 .. V 111 r r «
these must be added a sugar output of 36,180.000
! pounds, a wool clip of 25.c63.240 pounds, a wine and
i brandy production of 20,2^8.000 gallons and a gold
output of $15,637,000.
JmiNi were the shipment* ot 1808. the year of what
was known as a season of drought. When the sum
total of this year is made up the record will be suiti
•
cient to encourage even the least snn.TJine. am!,
moreover, it is to be remembered that with the abun
dant ram* that have fallen the prospect of the coming
year promises larger harvests still.
lhc enrct 01 these abundant harvests is seen in th: !
«• • ■ v t . - •■■«■■■■ ...
strong condition ot the banks which carry on the
i* • I • ■ ■ ■ r~
financial transactions of our people. In the last two
years the amounts in the banks due depositors have
increased by more than $50,000,000. showing that the
1 abundant revenues flowing into the State have
I■*.- - . , • !
enable*! the farmers and others not only to pay off
large amounts of mortgages but to add to their sur
plus on deposit.
With all this material prosperity there hn.ve come
moral and intellectual benefits. The discontents and
class antagonisms of the bad years have vanished.
The people arc more harmonious nd united in the"
spirit of enterprise and true patriotism than ever be
fore. The time is clearly approaching when Caliior
nians will 'work together with as much zeal and har
mony as the dwellers in the older States, and when the
mo«t far-reaching movements tor the general good
can be undertaken with assurance of success.
The cause of higher education in the State has been
notably advanced during the year. The munificent
endowment of Stanford has been realized into a for
tune so vast as to make it the richest university in the
world. The State University has prospects even
brighter than Stanford, for. founded as it is upon
the wealth of the State and supported liberally by the
people, it is only a matter of time when, growing
with the growth of California, it will far surpass any
institution tounded upon a private fortune.
Thus in the pa*t year we have advanced from good
to better in all things which tend to the welfare of
man. \V< are not only richer than ever before, but
our aspirations arc -higher. Our horizon has widened
before us. A vaster commerce, a busier industry, a
higher culture, a truer patriotism than we have yet
known are our*. And before us even' prospect is
bright. Along the whole horizon there is no cloud
of gloom. Another year of prosperity awaits our
energy and our thrut. and we would be lacking in
deed in an appreciation of the blessings that are ours
if we failed to give thanks to-day in every form of
observance from charity to the poor and rejoicing
at home to that devout gratitude which is due to the
Almighty Giver of all good.
■
Two legal luminaries whose hcjlit has hecn shed
to advantage over the local bar have quarreled to the
last limit of patience over wine. This is not the first
instance nor probably the last where the cup that
cheers has been made the scapegoat for something
more fiery. Perhaps it was the purchase price that
was at fault.
OFFICIAL R-PORT ON WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY
WHEN in obtaininp report- "f the yacht race
by mean* of the M v -tern of wireles>s
telegraphy The Call, in alliance with the New
Be ol the most remarkable
■ r history of journalism the Examiner
break the force <-.f the feat by declaring
It even hn«l the audacity to ac
- !he Call of faking ami to declare that Marconi
I by his system above fifty word
In I great freak display on October 8 it said: "The
possibilities of wireless telegraphy as demonstrafed by
Signer Marconi, the skillful Italian electrician, have
not exceeded under the most favorable circumstances
fifty words an hour, or an extreme transmission of
275 vrcmfc in fire and a iraii hours. To pretend to
receive more than such a number is therefore an im
position." After giving what purported to be a re
view of Marconi's work by an expert it added: "In
view of these facts it is sheer faking -on the part of
any one to pretend to have received anything over
300 words in six hours by wireless telegraphy."
Later on the lixaminer, growing bonier in its im
ce and thinking perhaps that the truth couM
iled by persistence in lying. alludrd to Varconi
lied t<> linn other epithets de
e him. •
Now comes the official verification of all the claims
of The Call and the confirmation of the splendid tri
umph of Marconi. Among those who watched the
operation of the wireless telegraph during the yacht
race were a number of officers of the United States
navy, who have just made a report to Rear Admiral
Bradford. In the course of this report it is said a
stock quotation from Navesink Light to the Grand
Duchess containing 223 words was received in seven
minutes by the system of counting used on land lines.
In the second trial thirty-one words of a newspaper
THE SAX FRANCTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30. 1899.
raph were received in one minute and fifty
Bds, equal to seventeen words a minute. The
maximum distance across which messages were sent
twenty-four knots. Messages were sent to and
received from the station at Navesink with facility
and accuracy, the estimated speed being about twelve
word:, per minute. There was a short hitch at one
in sending messages owing to the interrupting
device failing, which caused a delay of a minute or so.
It was^stated that over 2000 words were sent and over
300 received by Marconi during the day. Lieutenant
Commander Qtnltrough on October 5 took the Ma
il Navesink. During the day. he states, all the
• I out from the Ponce appeared to come
Jfcurately. <>„ October 7 he went to sea on the
(.rand Duchess and witnessed the working of Mr
apparatus. He sent and received messages
with apparent facility, exchanging with the Mackay-
Beimctt for one hour, when Marconi took up the
On board the Ponce.
the time the Examiner was trying to ridicule
Marconi's triumph The Call predicted it would even
tually have to recant its words and publish the truth
M even to pretend to be a newspaper- That
time has about come. Even a faker must tell its
readers what are the official reports of one of the
• -entific achievements of the time, though
the Examiner, it must be added, has not yet done so
It is said /fhat discontented Cuban generals are
already taking to the woods. While the condition of
affairs on the island does not seem to warrant such
early in the game, it is very evident that the
n genera's studied in the same military school
/uinaldo.
EVER since the enactment of the consolidation
act in 1856 the Hoard of Supervisors has been
the sepulcher ol local politicians. Hundreds of
sincere and ambitious men have entered its chamber
with high expectations, convinced that they were
to Income famous as statesmen and politi
but with rare exceptions every one has emerged
led with ineffaceable marks of corruption,
broken in repntai . degraded and disgraced.
Tn ' c - ' ■ ■■! Supenri tved bis name.
rarely happened that the antagonisms
created by following an upright course in the boar-.l
have not resulted in failure to secure from either the
- or the parties further political advancement.
i he cause of this has long been apparent to the most
cvr * ' Phe Board oi mpervisora has
il graveyard for forty rears, because
the plan upon which it was originally
mixed executive, legislative and judicial powers.
\\ herever this i» done political looseness, malversa
and corruption always ensue Riese element*
intermixed make a yeast out of which rise all sorts
of strange things, among others beinp the political
er and the whisky saloon bi
• there .vil] be an end of the disgracefnl hist
which made by ■ •) this
city during the past four decades under the new
v-harhT. That famous instrument not only Mrip; the
i "f nearly ail the powers now exercised under
the C ■ n act. but il I . ■ its func
wuh vetoes, restrictions and prohibitive mles
that it is certain ?■ I an insignificant arm of
the government. The board elected on the ;th ins-
Ma-or'- veto except wit!; the concurrence of
members -more than a two-thirls majority.
It is Kiven no patronage, and. except its clerks wfll
make no appointments A!! power to initiate and
• work is taken from it and lodged in
Public Work?. It can no loncer Krant
- <=H1 puhli-.- lands or utilities or
grant spe-i:l privileges, AM ordinances providing
for tlu-se things must be submitted to a vote of the
••■ >1 of the hospitals, jails. Almsh
■ buildings, the Police and Fire
departments and the streets and -ewers h ivt all
m it and lodged in other hands.
in short, the Board of Suj reatc I ■ thr
• r will resemble a Thanksgiving turkey ;-.t
the conclusion of the reprint— it will be a wrr
it- former self, a skeleton which will bear some re
■ • the | «rfnl structure that formerly
existed, btu of which nothing will remain but a
memory. The future history of the board i« bonod
to f>e in a measure •erio-conric. There will be a
deal of resolving and much speech-making ir,
t!ic chamber— the walls of the place will, as it were,
resound with the eloquence of the young spell
binderg whom the people will send to the City H.-,1l
to rrpresem them — but over all there will be an
emptiness of result, a poverty of everything save
sound and fury, which will make the board a for
midable rival of the Ir lub.
But if heretofore the chamber of the Supervisors
lias been a sepulcher for the ambitions of local poli
ticians, hereafter it is certain to become a nursery
for reformers, statesmen and politicians. Nothing
is so conducive to the manufacture of "Rood politics"
as an irresponsible legislative position. When the
gallery player can fulminate paper blockades without
datiKer of damaging anybody he i<= apt. like Napo
leon in his last war, to become exceedingly prodigal
in issuinc them. In fact, it is easy for a man to make
a reputation for political integrity in a position in
which his fiery ntOUthings mean nothing ami hU
resolution* and ordinances are printed and forpotten
Tn the Hoard of Supervisors under the new char
ter, therefore, we may lonk- for <-ur future Mayors,
Congressmen, department officials and lejs'isbtors.
The law provides for making out of it a political
kindergarten, and there is certain to be a crreater
number of Websters and Cbys among eighteen Su
pervisors than would have been had the number
been left at twelve
If present indication* are verified by results and
man Robert lied from the House of
Representatives for having many wives he will enjoy
one <-•■-■ : at least He will know that the Sul
tan of the Sola [stands has become a member of
Uncle Sam's bappy family and is being paid $250 a
month with which to suppon his four official wives.
The Chinese Minister at Washington is a humor
: no mean onW. He believes that in the treaty
of partition, which the Occidental nations are dtscuM
tag, China ought to be in on the deal. He has prob
ably heard of that fellow who wanted to go to a
funeral even if he had to ride in the hearse.
Superior Judge CofTey is hot—in fact he is boiling
with indignation—at the methods of certain
probate practitioners who make a practice of delaying
the settlement of estates in order that they may pile
up fees. Judge Coffcy seems to have good grounds
for his outbreak.
Recent dispatcher are authority for the announce
ment that Richard Croker has assured the nomina
tion of William Jennings Bryan for President. Tam
many's chief was judiciously silent in reference to
any assurance of an election.
A SUPERVISORIAL ECLIPSE.
THE SITUATION IN A NUTSHELL.
THE GODDESS OF LIBERTY— "Sam, This Philippine (Filopoena) Is a Hard Nut to Crack"
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
11. M. Grant, a merchant of Portland, is
at the California.
Julius 1.. Unas, .1 prominent merchant
of Portland, is at the Lick.
Governor Gage and wife were among
the late arrivals at the Palace.
W. L. l,f'.;iin!, a prominent lumber mer
chant of Sisaons, is at the Grand.
Frank A. Short, a well-known mining
man of Carson, is a guest at the Palact>.
w. P. Shaw, a commercial traveler of
Louisville, is registered at the Occidental.
James Adams, well known In Brining
circles in the Northwest, is at the Occi
dental.
F. A. Bradley, a well-known business
man of I,os Angeles, Is registered at the
Palace.
11. A. Tnwne of Minneapolis !s regis
tered at the Palace with his wife and
daughter.
Captain C. 8. Cotton of th* receiving
•hip Independence and wife are at the
California.
Martin Christian, a well-known mer
chant and mining man of Dos Palmas. is
registered at the Lick.
J. a. Chanslor, who has extensive oil
claims in the southern part of California,
Js v gue^t at the Palace.
F. W. Wilmans of Sonora registered lost
night at the Lick. He Is a heavy owner
in the old Bonanza mine.
W. W. Douglas, Deputy State Con
troller, arrived from Sacramento yester
day and registered at the Grand.
Louis Kahn and Wife and Dr. J. Good
win Thompson of Oakdale are topping at
the Palace. Mr. Kahn Is a bunker of
Oakdale and has extensive grain Interests
In that vicinity.
Hugh C. Wallace of Tamtna is a
for a 1
, a brother-ln-la>w of Chief J
Fuller of th.' Unll
Court and an ex-member of the i
cratic National Committee from tin EM ito
. Washington.
Known by the Way He £ats.
Washington Star.
"You may not believe me, but It la nev
ertheless a' fact that 'a great many hotel
and restaurant waiters can tell a diner's
occupation by his manner of eating," suid
a waiter In a restaurant to ■ Star n porter
recently. "Of course tho waiter must be a
close observer of human nature to deter
mine with accuracy whether a customer is
a scissors grinder or a banker. But if a
man is Intelligent and avails himself of
the opportunities his position affords him
for ;i. field of study he will soon llnd
that a customer, while eating, has ac
quired in the dally pursuance of his call-
Ing some habit that will show Itself.
••For Instance, a banker may come In,
seat himself and call for an oyster stew.
If he does, as soon as the order is served
be is apt i" begin a search with his spoun
for the oysters that are not visible, Just
to ... there is a miscount.
"A gambler will look around to te« If
any one la watching and then palm a slice
of " bread, If he orders pancakes be Is
sure to slip them one by one from the bot
tom as he eats them. Tho clothing sales
man will h^id his pancakes up to the light
and feel the texture, whlie the keen ob
server will notice that the Jeweler upon
ordering pie will hold It to his ear, shake
it and then listen, after which be will lift
off tiie top crust with the point of his
knife and examine the Inside."
"Have you ever made a mistake in judg
ing a man's occupation?"
"Only once. And that could hardly be
called a mistake, for I made no decision
as to the man's business. The fellow
came In and ordered his dinner. Of course
1 gave him a glnss of water He looked at
it with some surprise and said: •! didn't
order that.
•• 'It costs you nothing.' says I, 'and you
don't need to drink it unless you want to."
He thanked me. and what do you think?
Mi- broke nil bread Into It and then ate It
with a spoon. I didn't know what to make
of It. and for the life of me 1 couldn't de
termine what his bush ■ M was. When he
was leaving I tapped him on the shoulder
and ■ked him outright what he did for
a living.
•• 'Why.' says ho. 'I'm a milkman.' "
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PICKLING RIFH f.UVER-j. K. >
Cal. Mr. LolonK, secretary of the Califor
nia State Board of Horticulture, who has
devoted* many years In experimenting in
the line of pickling ripe olives, says: In*
the first place the olives must be ripe and
perfect. They must be carefully picked
and handled. Knocking them off the tree
bruises them, and when In the liquid and
bottled a spot develops and the fruit k< t-<
soft. DO not pick all the fruit at dim
time: pick only the rip- olives, which im
mediately place In water and take to the
house where they are to be prepared to
extract the bitterness by means of the lye
process. . /," ■'
The ollw» are placed In rats not over thirty
lncnes In height, bo as not to have too much
fruit In a. vat. The vaU are hall filled with
the lye volution made of one pound of Green
back powdered potash. $8 per cent strength, to
ten gallons of water. The oIITM are put In
this solution, rlslnc to within four to six Inchex
of the top. Do not put the olives In flr.«t. be
cause they will shrivel. The liquid must be
kept In motion: that l«. every little while draw
off a bucketfu! of the liquid and throw it back
on the olives. This la to prevent the lye from
Uuttlns the fruit, which must be kept In the
volution, for four hours. Draw off the lye and
fill the vat with nat'r, wMeh as noon as It be
comes colored must be drawn off and fresh
water added. This must be Repeated for at
least two days. \Vh*n th* liquid haa become
Clear leave the fruit in th* water from four to
six day*. Th* water Is then drawn nfT, and a
second application of lye as prepared for th*
nr>t Is rut on the fruit, kept in volution for four
hour*. In motion »«i befor* for four boon then
the lye |« <imwn off and fresh water added,
chan^lnc often until all trace of the Ire !• r«
moveil. The olives are kept In water for two
or thr-e days and then tented by cutting on*
open ulih a knife. There will be found a
i>l:Kht Mtrern-fi*. whlrh will leave the fruit
nfter It Is placed In the brine. Then comes
the Kvinrl treatment, w:.;-h requires patience.
I lnce the fruit In brine— four ounces of salt to
on* gallon of water; non rait at first will
shrivel the fruit. This brine la made by bolllnr
the !-alt and adding the water to the tank.
Olives are transferred frnm the vat to the brln*
tank by means of wooden perforated shovtls
After the ollvm have h^n In this brtne a
*"'« draw It off and 1.1 l.rlne made of eight
pnnce« of rait to the snllon of water. Leave
the fruit In thli from a week to ten days, draw
the brine off and cover with a brine tnnde of
fourteen ounrei of salt to the gallon of water.
In which tV e the fruit. The brine muet be
chanped after It becomes colored by the pulp
of the fruit while standing to prevent the
OIITM from oeccmlnc rancl.l. Thrre will be
produced a thin scum from th* crude part of
the fr.iit. which mum be skimmed till th*f>
la n £.PV r * " Ulh * cum -. To bottle, rnnke brine
of fourteen ounces of salt to the ration of
TUT,; nfl n,n ,' ty S»l!-mi *»t Prepared |. r m,
add half a round of alum to riarlfy the liquid.
iri .Mm V" f^.r^^ l^' P lrkl "> Put the brine
solution In bottleji. after having placed the
ollvf* therein, imin- a funnel with ■ cloth
?!H ln V O Ki >I V <>m ." r ' atln * P«tldN from en
tertnir he bottle,. O th< . solution may I* hot.
fm'i ii /'T U ' tUr * ar * corkM d.iwti plun e
b* r>nl "h". y ln Col ,'' wat * r - Th - Glutton should
be r.nly bpt enough to Ken«rnt- a p..-. that will
ko*V it fr,»m *pollinic. To pickle olives re
quire!* patience and experience ■ "
THE FARAT.I.OXrs R.. City. The
Farallones are, by law. attached to and
mnde a part of th*> City nnd County of
Ban tJ T r ', n r l!!r r- Th . os<o citizens who live
on the Islands nnd nr^ entitled tn vote
ssa*^ in the Fortk - th a — •»•
NOT PRBMIUII COIN! A I
:-.ium nn a dim*
Ban Frar,. ! mlnr mark.
A BRIDEBMAID-"Bl«cfe Mrm," Pity
..- no rul« of .-tiq.j.-tr.. t:;.n prohibit!
a marri..! w man from b^lnK the (
maid <>f her i •••
-— — - _______ ,
Sunday Call \
'December 3. 1899. ♦
—_ ____^_^__^_^_____^^__ "*
'~~"~~~~^ — — — —- — ■^— — — — —— -_^___^__ ♦
\ The Story of a Man Who Has Been
♦
| Held Fourteen Years in Jail for Trial.
♦
I
I THE TRICHINA CASE.
t The Remarkable Discovery by Two San Francisco Physicuns-
* Rachacl Ash and Mist Wightman.
! ■ - — ; '
I THE DEPRAVITY OF FRENCH SPORTS.
-
I HOW SOLDIERS ARE TRAINED
! FOR THE BRITISH AKMY.
♦ • .
♦
\ THE LATEST WONDER-COMPRESSED AIR
I THE LATEST IN THE BOOK WORLD.
i By PROF. H a LATHROP 0 Stanford.
■ ?
| MY EXPERIENCE AS AN AMATEUR AT THE
I CHUTES AND OLYMPIA.
I FICTION. FASHIONS. DRAMATIC STARS. AND MANY OTHER
— ♦ INTERESTING FEATURES. ALL BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED.
■••♦' • <aY Cat
.MIDWEEK. JJOTES
JIT TJiE TJIE^TERS
THEATRICAL hralth Is iald to be
goo.!.
"The Sporting Duchess" continue!
to sport, and many there, bo who are
turned away from the California's doors.
so its managers nay. The play is reported
to be lively nnd of many ptctnits, there
fore the public rejoice. Next weeK there
will be a chant;.- of bill.
"Bhenandoah." at the Columbia. Is far
from dead even this season. Jacob Lttt
Is responsible for the K"re«>ousness of It.
The old Lyceum melodrama. "Saints
and Sinners." Is at the Alcazar. The mel
odrama spasm ha* followed the farce
spasm at local theaters.
B«l>— '■ frr^at fourth act iis omitted
from "The Masked Hall" last evening.
Th»» audience dl not wear a pretty face
at the evening's end.
d'Arville continues to fill the
• m.
clos** this »f»k at th#
"Old Kentucky" and the pickaninnies
are at the Alhambra.
Thanksßivtni; matinees nro nnnnuncM
at all the hnu9<>s. mil to*nlKht the H-rk ■•
loy ■••>>•« will takff i><-iss*r.<lnn of tho
Orand, while Htnnfnrii;-- ro to tho
TlvolJ. PARAH rOMSTOCK.
C&L slace fruit aOc pat 1b at Tovrr.-
Th«nk«|ttvtnK extrn mlnr» pl» $nd Larkla at."
Hpirl.il informatioi. .-■!;■;». :.- : daily t >
business houses and public men by ib«
Pre»a Clipping Hurra <AUrn'a>. IU Mon:
gutnery «rr*»t. Te'»rhrnf Main li>C •
In the Divorce Court.
Annio Q. Swi<l . iAt*i a rtl-
Kr.piiri.l of fall);
' I
ham ' dicing in t • ■:.'.•
■
There are man/ Imitations of Dr. Fl»r«rt'»
Anroaturm Dltten— tnr«t of th»m danscroua.
Th« genuine la ■ bouseholii remedy.AD VTERTI SE 3C E N T S
MpPS^,^ r^ "^O^^mHlltflHHll V % nitlllllllliiit
■jd}) 50 cups— 3o cts. V vj=
[ IMPERIAL «™kp COCOA \1
ill "It be»ts the Dutch." Hi
•\n\ ~ of the Dutch cocoas are very good. /ej'
\V^\ But ••Imperial" is an improvement over the Iff fh
V%\ &est that has gone before. Iff f% .
* A comUination of European knowledge vith /#/
'M AMERICAN progress. ' /M\
• n \\ s And look at the difference in price as coo V*Keu!i'
\u\ pared *' th :*-.e inaported brands. #,! RJfl
\l\ AT C/»OCt«9. 1-2 18. 3Oc, I 18. OOc. ■^'''lilil
1% Made 6y the D GHIRARDcLLI CO -S. F. Sj, ||
I Makers of -Ghirardelli's Breakfast Cocoa." I 1;I 1; jj|
I x^^«issiliH
A3irSE2£Z\TS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE iIAIN IZZ.
ZXTRA. MATINEE TIHS AFTERNOON.
SECOND AND LAaT WEEK
Of !'.::•'■ Faacua Extravaganza.
Evangeline!
LAST TEEK rf Chari»s H. Jc=es' March er
PatrlcUe •-"-! :rs tr I>autlful Gtrta.
T^.« il-»t Er.Joyahle Er_tf rtai.-isect is the City.
TH-ATEH SOL© Tin? HVKNTNG ZO
EEKKELET CXTVEBSXTT BOTS.
Next "»>•*-• HIS iIA-'ESTT." Libretto fey
Pv.er Babcrtsoa an! B'Jilc ty H. J. -wart.
V #■—*'. Prct-s. £•«■. IT*. C^:. lie. 10c.
O>>C'l Re»^-\<>d Seat at Mails**. 3c
Braaca Ticket CfSce E=rcriu=^
iIAHKfajHWOSf-Sfedil!
rHCHSDAT ATTESXOON. D«c. tth.
M !:IS.
; - Symphony Concert.
Cttdar the r*:rectsoa c*
HENRY HOLMES
Laic C-rl.-.-r af the Orrh*"*tr* of the ROTAL
va:>emt of utsxc lonion.
SIXTT-S:X IireXCZAXa in O* Orch»stra_
ALL SEATS RESEP.\*ED!
?-<-•*-:: :•••. »: 30, nc. :oc a=d Sc
c a:« of s*at» wU! b«cta at sh«rr=aa. Oar A
Ox"* TO-SIORP.OW .FRIt'ATt. at » A. VI
CALIFORNIA THEATER E %«
rah: r\h: RAH!
GBHAT MATTNET: TO-DaT.
TIIANKaiIVIN ', rEATTRES TO-NIGHT.
THE EVEH P»;-P'JLAR
FRAVVLEY COMPANY.
la Thetr St»,^'.-»:'. a&i Bcspcateßa Pro-
THE SPORTING "DUCHESS.
The Most P»rfe<-t P»rf:naasc* Ever Otrea bj
This Favcnte OtTra.r.lriT.l ■■-.
NO A L- VANCE IN PP.: XS.
Eri*ENING-rsc :•>,
MATINEE— S-<. 5c
••.i - s »-a «a!« to-day f^ the a«xt artracttst.
COMMENCTNa St'NDAT NIGHT.
/\% E?*aX>\"V XO THE K.i:NG.
TB4.NISGin.VG DAY BATLNEE THIS
AFTERNOON Not. 31.
r*--v.et. Sc asy teat: Ual-:sy, I9r: ChaSrax.
13c. asy
The C"J<^a cf O>clc Or*rv
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
ANT> A E:O VArDEVTLLE COMPANT.
Naxt W««»s;— GEORGE FVLLER GOLDEN
"•Casey's Fr.tti" ar.J :h« Kir.* of Moß^i..r«t«.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
IBANISOITIXe MATINEE TO-DaY.
SPECIAL HOLIDAT PR'-XSRAiTME.
THE ALCAZAR PLAYERS,
J-r-.r . ■: .- a Play cf Modcra Er.f.:*h Li.'*
Eatttled
Saints i Sinners
A r»n*ttfal Ptay Pall of Hsaia laterest.
Next VTeek— Fraacis Pcwti" Mexlcaa Trac-
"**■ MOTHER EARTH."
Mssic ty r=i:e A. Pm*.ul«t Jr.
BASEBALL!
NATIONAL LEAGUE STARS
SACRAMENTO CHAMPIONS.
Tfanksgifiig Cay, 2:30 P. M..
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth, i.-. : BarrUcc atrecta.
GENERAL ADMISSION. S CENTS.
L«die« Admittel Fr « ta Grand (stand.
RACING! racing: RACING!
1898— CILITOBSTA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
■
Wlster Ucetl£S Nerretsber SJ to December X
ISa». Icc'.csive.
OAKLAND R.VCE TRACK.
Kac!=s; il'tsday. Tt:*«dar. Wedae««ay. _.-»-
Cay. Fr.lay and Saturday. Rain ur ahiae.
Ftr« cr skmt» rae»« each day.
P.ac»» start at t3i 9- » ».- -rp.
Frrry-bcata leave Eaa Francisco ax a ta. asd
::-.:.::;. t I:*! asd S p. ra.. ccsmrctiax
w:th train* t*e?tla» at the entrance ta the
track. La»t two car* en tra!a reserved far -»
dies aal their esccrt»: bo •mcfc'.Ti*. liuy you*
terry tickets to Shell Mouc4- All trains via
Oakiaal mcX connect with San T»ablo avesu*
*l»«rlc car» at Seventh ar.d Uns*<!w4y. Oak-
land. *:»<» all traies via • «*<ta mala cca-
»•« witft Saa Patio areau* car» at Fourteenth
a*'. Broadway. Oakland. Toes* electric cars
fi cUrwrt to the track In fifteen nrisates.
Ren;rr.: = s;-.Tral=a le«v» • -- track at . i: aa4
*:*i P- tr. «n«l lna:»dlately after th« last rac*.
THf,MA« H WILLIAMS JR.. PreatS«at.
B. b MILP.Or. Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA »Sa
SPECIAL HOLIDAY
MATINEE TO-DAY!! 'JS^^SSf
; THE MO^7 BTCFESVOVB MILITARY SPEC-
TACLE E\"ER STAGED LV THIS
COCNTRT.
; Jaccb Lltr"s R^viral of Dr-ts«ca Hcwirl's
SHENANDOAH
l—- I ARTILLERY, i ,
I 200 IV FAN ■RV | t . -_|
I PEOPLE. JtJ|Vjrs3 R V HORSFS
■ Seats N.w Pj».i-!r ;.^r Bsjeeod a-i La^t W»-k cf
"SHENAXDOAH."
(THE PEOPLE'S PLjITHOUSEJ
Eddy \zi tczts Sts^Fhors SOUTH 770.
■
ICATINCB TO-DAT AND SATtTT-DAT.
! BCJfDXT MATINEE— LAST PERFORMANCE.
JACOB LITT-a \"EKa- BiiaT.
IN OLD KENTUCKY.
To Morrow-. - JOCKEY NIGHT
PIUCEa:
EreEJeo Uc. Sc. 23c, 19c a=d T3c |
Matl=e- l>^ ZZc. SCc a^J Oe
! Snndav \\i\\ — Ir. Plaster of Paris.
; Th:s Cta? Will Make T;-i L*u«;h.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NT^HT! TO-SfIGHT! TO-NTGHT!
Th« SCrth-Piwroktsc Ccr::s Op^ra,
! THE HOOLAH.
! ?taafT<l Ptudwitl 'NVll! Atter.4 Perfct-r.an<-*
. THE K*-.'T.AI!' P.*~-»*-l FP.IDAY NIGHT
a' - SaTCP.DAY MATINEE.
\ FAREWELL GRAN"> OPER\ NIGHT*.
i Siturtay. "CAVALLERIA" acl "PAQU.
AOCL"
| Sunday. "OTHET.To:* ." ">?oi-br to Sd:ijsa aoi
Ave-!iao.
P-^PVL-VR PRICES-S AND R CENTS
; N«xt T\»-k— Theater CI>D«ED FIVE NIGHTS
1f jr Deeocmtlop s-nd Rej*:r«. WILL REOPEN
j E\'ENINO. I-ce.-st-r 9. «:th tt*
1 Far-.ous Ccrs'.c Op^n. -TAR AND TARTAR."
, Rea.ppearaace of Ferris Hartaaa aad .Vnn!e
; Mrers. A Gr»at DocWe Cast cf Farcrtt*
; Artl»t».
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS, !
A 67.00 BOOK.
The Bock cf the Cestiry. Hacdsct=»ly
narrated ty thirty-twa cf the Worlds
Greatest Artlru.
GIVgN FREE
ts each f«r«ca l=f^-rrM la sufc«erfbte«
to the E-.i--.-t Field Mcntjtneat Scur-atr
rt=d. SubecrlVs aay am-iur- d*s!red.
Fn^Tlptl-.r.s aj lew at $1 will entitle
teaor tc th:s daiatlly artlstle rala=«
"FItLD FLOWERS*/
«cltth bessd. UU), as a certificate cf r:b-
f r-; '■■ r. to '■:-! Bock coataias a aelec-
tlca cf F>;j'« b*«t and c-.o«t r-presenta-
U*e wcrks aad Is ready fcr dellTery.
B'-t fcr the nob!* ccßtrlbtstlon of th«
world's rreatest artists th'.s bock ccnld aot
have been ra*aafactur«?<S for leas thaa $7.
The Fusd cr««r.ed Is dlvldM »riial!T be-
tween the farr.i'y of the lat» Etur»ae FlsM
ard the Fund for the Nj'tdlar of a tacau-
irent to the jaerrr.rr of the belcred poet
rf rV!*><T«-»1 »•■-..«
ice: ri£LD Mo.trxssr -:"i.;irc*3
ISO Monroe St.. Chicago-
iA!so at Bock StTen.)
If yoc also wish O »«t»«t pesta^e. eae!o»*
I •* cegts.
Kr... b •- • Jcuml. as Air. is Innrtii as
oar Coatribatlcß.
I
Furniture Buyers
Call asd t«a!r.t tsy prices oa faralttrr*. )
■ earp«tJ. stares, et:.. tefcre pcirhaslas; els«-
I where. Ten caa save fully to per cect by boy-
; .oc here. Literal cr»dlt exter.ded to all; J.-)
i wcrth cf fßrnlturi for tl :_: _- week.
Estimares jlTen ca cocnplete - ■ . ■*« faralsh-
•,~g lii.SL cellar to garret.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
B>?t. Etccktoa ard Powell.
Ora- L'a'.ca Bossra.
Free delivery Oakland. AUsi*da aad B«rk*- i
j l«y. Oj-ea eTer'n^s.
1899-TAXES-1899
NOTTCE IS ITEIIEnT GIVEN THAT THE '
' - • !a«tillfft#r.t of Real Estate '.'axes aal all
■spaM Personal Property Tas*s -rill >■ deila-
! himi and IS per cerst added M MONDAY, j
Notetzber 27. at < o'clock d. ra.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR. :
: at EVENING. NOVEMBER 13.
OFFICE OPEN FRIL-AT AND BATURDAT
E^'EN'-NGS. November St aad a. trctn. I ta .
o*cicci-
EDWARD I. BHEEH\N.
Tax Coll»ctcr «< tit dtj *»* County of Saa
rranetseo.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SDO Mil DESPAIR! DonotScf
(er L' n;-r: The Jot» and ambiuon* of
life caa b« restored to yon. Tr.e »cry
Tr:i'.co'iif>fr«oß« lleblltty «r«
ifcjfctlteljr -are<l by PF.UKWTO !
TA IX t. ITT 1. G ire prctapt relief to la
r : r-.::.ia TAiiiZf inefaory and the waste
■»n<l drain «( Tital powers. la<rirre<l by
iiapartTijrsr aa4 pct»a(?y to ercry fun^- \
tJoa. Brace -; tie «y»te». Ui»e j-v tii.-'a to ihe <
cheeks aad tsitr* to the eyes of /.-^ »\ roacg or old. j
One SOe box renews Tltal energy. r»Ifl« bcies at
•t.MaeQa>pt«t*(«araat**t TT^Tf cr c-.<.3ej re-
...-:-: <»» be earned la »ett pockrt. So id
• »ery where. or m«!l«?<l la piain wrapper oa receipt o. '
price by tux riutiTO Co.. cum tag., rki^c*. in.
gold br Owl Lrng Co.. S. F. aad 'ii - aad 1
g.\y FRANCISrO CALL. Tni'I?ST>AY, NOVEMBER 30. 1599.
CHALLENGER HOVE TO UNDER A DOUBLE REEFED MAINSAIL.
FORTY DAYS IN
A BATTLE WITH
THE ELEMENTS
Schooner Challenger
in a Hurricane.
GLEN WAS ALSO IN TROUBLE
THE WIFE OF CAPTAIN" VEILBEH
HELPED THE CREW.
Cooked Their Food and Made Hot
Km for the Men While the
Elements Raced — Water
Front Notes.
■ - ■ ■ i
:
■ -
_ - ■
. ■
-
- . - -
-
W^ mm
»2i» Jfc*^ftTf^Bav,^r^ ifit 2
I An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
! effects of the trell known remedy,
! STBtT- of Figs, mannfactared br the
j California. Fig Steep Co.. illustrate
| the vain* of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the fona most refreshing- to the
tast* and acceptable to the system. It
is the one penect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually.
dispcilic{r colds headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enablfa $ one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and snb-
stance. ard its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figrs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
tast-. but the medicinal qualities of the
rtmedy are obtained from senna end
:>ther aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to g-et its beneacial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
: printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAW FHANCISCO. CAL.
LOCTSVXLLZ. KY. NEW YORK. W. T.
Far nic by all Druggist*.— Price Sjc per bottltt
My sen was aiTllcted I *^.
with catarrh. I Induced
h!m to try Ely's Cream /^frp£'«ottis\
Balm and the disagree- cJ*fmM^£
able catarrhal smell all V !/'+'•*/
left him. He appears j^ *$£ f
as well as any one. — jTs^^Xl
J. C. Olmstead. Arcoia.
Crean balm is c!ae«d lato ipread*
o»er the Betnbrane aad la absorbed. Relief Is
teaiediate a- ■ a .-• follows. It Is act drytac
—dees act produce sseezla*. Lars;? size. 10c;
at drurslsts or by trail: trial size. We. by m*li.
ELT BROTHERS. M Warrea St.. New fork.
J*^^. la cntr.pliaaee with
£*f£jh tnnuiserihte requests.
>#£!Z*i(P\ A *j1 London Tailor, has. at
/«Tr'wt*^-'2'2. tr ** t ajt i* a »*. orders
Ul>>*-?S2fe ! e£"S'^« e>;^::.i::> ea«raved for
.S£fhrrr-^rS.7^»^ him a Il=ilt<Hi nurr.ber
oi coptes of Landaeer's celebrated picture cf
•The LJcn." This ersravtr.E caa te had at
eitb»T of his stores In the city. PrVe ICp. p»r
mall 10c Free to purchasers. \ Mais store. 731
ITarket St.. la th- History buiUlr.*. Branch at
123 Keamy St.. la the Thurlow block.
§NOTHINCSO COOp! m
F^rharzalessazniuement kf&f^
fcr cur beys, our * :r". i fcj .g^
asd everybodT of all a«» a» _, f. iJiJK Ml X. ;
the v . 'in., RIB- £f/lkffi&CTtS |
UKE-Tiri'; i- ill r . J~jJfl^B9i
PI^IOI.. Try yonralaatSM Wn^amhi l
Market <t fU , *.',- '
-%-""" tip co.. Patea-
•in aad Manufacturer*.
Hill 1 11111 <J»*»»«i cured cr no
rl 1 1 r I 1 1 H hw - No i-tV=tioa
nil I !I M I frota twsisesa. DRS.
111 l I I VI I L MANSFIELD & Mar-
llUl ■ W I isW TERFIELD « Mar-
ket at .. Saa Frasdsco. »
swam colliers eighty-five hours. Of the !
fleet that got ir yesterday the steamer |
Progreso. ■with 2"J30 tons ooal. was 1-H j
hours from Taccma. the schooners Sailor !
Boy was 22 days. Challenger 40 days, and !
bark Gatherer 20 days: the ships America I
ar.d Spartan were 2S and 22 days, resptct- !
lvely. from Seattle: the schooners Emma
Utter. Glen ar.d Twilight 23 days each
i from Grays Harbor, the schooner W b- c
i foot 20 days from Wll'.apa. the schooner
Albion 2S days from Coquille. the schcon
! er Falcon 21 days from Coos Bay and th«
| schooner Uranus 13 days from Willapa.
Of the fleet that made port yesterday :
the Chaitenger was the one that fared \
worst during the grale. For nearly two
weeks she was either under bare poles or i
trying to hold her own under a . able- j
reefed mainsail. She ran short of provt-.
sions, and when the crew was down to a
diet of plain bear.s the Albion hove" in
sight and supplied her with enough bread. '
flour and meat to last ten days. She !
sprang aleak, ar.d night and day the men
bad to work tiu pumps In order to ke^p
the schooner Crczn becoming waterlogged. '
When the Challtr.ger reached port jreater- [
j day ------ at once put on the Mission |
', mud Cats.
The Challenger left Tacoma on October
20 with a load of lumber consigned to the i
Tacoma Mill Company. Almost from the j
moment Flattery was passed a hard time j
was experienced. Captain Anderson says '
I that the weather was nothing unusual far '
| this time of the year up to November & ;
: Then it blew a stiff gale, and gradually ■
; increased in force until November 12,
; when it blew a hurricane, accompanied by
: heavy rain squalls. Not a stitch of can
i vas could be carried on the vessel, ar.d
; she lay in the trough of the sea. the crew
! expecting every minute to see her roll her
; masts out. The hawsers and large ropes
; were got out and bight* put In them, after
which they were allowed to dnur over
i board, and thus helped to brinsr the ve«
! sels head up- to the wind. Oil bags »j*re
i put over th* b.>w. ar.i these prevented
; the seas from breaking aboard.
When the schooner was out twenty-one
! days the supply of provisions began to
| give out. and by November 13 there wa*
! nothing left in the larder but a supply of
bear.s. There was enough of these to last
a week, but everybody on the Challenzer !
was glad to s*-e the steamer Albion. She
gave thrm a good ten days" supply, ar.d '
every man on the scnoor.er has a good ,
wcrd to say for the captain of the steam- ;
er.
During the heavy weather of November :
12 the Challenger scrang a leak and ever ;
since the pumps nave been kept going ;
night and day. The men took turn aoout j
at the work ar.d managed to keep the
vessel from becoming waterlogged. She
now lies on the Mission mud flats and !
will discharge into lighters, after which ;
she will go en the drydock for a.n over
hauling.
Oft Coos Bay the Challenger righted the
schooner Enterprise with n*r deckload i
gon«*. It had evidently gone by ho board
and took all the bulwarks alon^ with it-
A ship, a bark, a three-masted schooner •
! and a topmast schooner w*re also sighted, j
I all making heavy weather cf It. C3.r- '
i tain Anderson Is of the opinion that the '
i Ferris S. Thompson. Highland Light, ;
j American Girl and all the ft>*u overdue i
! on the Sound from San Fran<Msoo have ;
be*n carried north by the ~urr.-nt and !
will make their way tack as soon as me
wind changes.
The heroine of the storm is Mrs. Ltena
Neilsen. wife of the captain of the
schooner Glen, she went to Grays Har- i
bor by steamer to Join h<*r husband ai.J :
came home with him in the -schooner. At i
Grays Harbor the entire crew desert* d!
I the ship nnd Captain Neilsen had to «n- <
gage a new lot of men. He could not g^t ;
i cook, so Mrs. Neilsen offered to attend !
to the galley during the run home. The !
voyage lasted 2* days, and Mrs. Neilsen i
says she never wants to go to sea a^ain. !
In sptte of the heavy weather, she *iood i
to her post and cook?d the m^n's meal.i. j
however, and whenever they requested it !
there was always a pot of hot coffee on !
the stove.
"I ncv^r saw such weather." said Mr*. !
Sells yesterday. "At times »c cou!d
cot carry a stitch of canvas on the yea- i
sel and at other times it seemed as though j
we were all going to tne bottom sure. .
Once I zeaAs sure we were gone. A pin !
rail brok^ and let the lumber down. Th*n
I started to pack my trunk. Just as I
was puttir.z the last of my clothes in. It
struck me all of a heap what I was go
ing to do with th» trunk. Then I rushed
on deck, determined to die in th? open |
air. but my husband told me to go back
into the «abin. faying the deck was no
place for me. I stayed down in that cabin
thinking every moment would be my la«t.
You can imagine how thankful I was
when daylight came and I found the Gien J
I afloat and not damaged at aIL I am now
j preparing the last meal I will ever coot
i on a sailing vessel, and the next time I
; make & holiday trip with my husband I'll
choose another time of the year."
None of the vessels that reached port
yesterday showed any signs of the heavy
weather they came through. They all say
i that the toutbeaster was the heaviest and
t longest continued gale ever -en on the
: coast, but that outside of that fact there
j was nothing unusual to report.
The transports Columbia and Daln<*y
i Vostok will sail for Manila to-day with
i the Forty -second Regiment, and the War-
I ren will follow them on Saturday with
the Forty-ninth Infantry (colored). The
j Warren I? In -plendld shape to make the
; run to the Philippines. Srie has been thor
! oughly overhauled and a couple of defects
j that were found In her steering gear have
! been rectified. Chief Officer Ford E. Mi
i irulre has the transport In a" good con
j ditlon to-day as he had her on her rin«t
voyage, and It Is safe to -ay that the
i Warren will come back to port looking as '
: clean and neat as she does on Inspection i
; day.
Th« Warren's chief officer la one of the {
; best known and best liked master mari
ners on the coast. For six years he was ;
: captain of the Shir and Mercury and '
j for six years more he was master of the
; ship J. B. Brown. He left the latter yes
, sel to go second mate of the Warren, and
! about a year ago was made chief officer
He Is a most able assistant to Captain
; Hart, and bt- tween them they have helped
; to make the Warren one of the most pop
ular transport* In the service.
Captain Jepsen of the steamer Queen '
and Captain Wallace, superintendent oo f
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company !
are very indignant over a fake story that
appeared in a morning paper yesterday
In the Brat part of the article the Queen
run< on the ■ -.-.-- and In the
latter part the story' Is denied. Captain
Jepsen says the Queen was m»ver n»»are
than a mile and a half to the arallones*
and the engineers say thai they never got
a "stop and back bell" until the * termer
was nearlng the wharf. Captain Wallace
says the story was made out of whole
cloth and the man who could and would
write such a cock MM bull story should
be In a lunatic asylum.
The Oceanic Steamship Company # a mail ',
steamer Alameda. sailed for Australia, via
Hawaii. Samoa and New Zealand, lan '
night. She took away a very large cargo '
and a full passenger list. I
BANK DIRECTORS
POT UNDER OATH
BY NEW ORDER
Safeguard Furnished
to Deposits.
PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE ASKED
IMPORTANT RESOLUTION HAS
BEEN PASSED.
Examinations Required to Be Mad-;
• in Minute Detail Twice Each
Year by Every Member
cf the Board.
•
The Bank Commissioners have devised a
plan by which they expect that every di
rector in a banking institution la Califor
nia under their Jurisdiction will be In
duced Hereafter to make himself personal
ly acquainted with all the detail* of the
business with which he la connected. In
fact, they have adopted a resolution that
the board of directors or a majority there
of in each Incorporated bank In the State
shall U> required, in addition to any other
examination, to make a semi-annual ex
amination of the condition, at the close of
business on Jan« 3U and December 31 re
spectively, of each year, of the assets and
liabilities of the bank in which they are
directors, and shall, within ten days
thereafter, make, under oath, a report in
writing, to the Commissioner*, th^ir find-
Ing's and conclusions, upon bl.ir.ks to be
furnished by the Commissioners.
Heretofore the oQcers of the banks have
made the sole reports to the Commission
ers. The directors of some Calif ornia banks
that have been in deep water, have. j.":-r
the crash came, acknowledged that they
did not know the real facts. The more of
the Commissioners Is to put another safe
guard upon the funds deposited or invest
ed in banks, and the measure adopted
seems to be well calculated to make the
directors learn all that they can concern
ing their own banks. Within the past
fortnight every State bank has been noti
fied ar.d the directors have been notified
concerning what is required. In every
letter a copy cf the resolution has been
sent and al.-«o a form to be tilled out by
the bank directors and sworn to before a
notary public. Every item concerning the
assets or liabilities of a bank Is specified
with particularity. The form of oath
adopted for the directors Is as follows:
W> do ?ach of us. for hlmaelf aa.J not for
the oth«r. Mlctaaly «•**» r that we have p»r
sonally »xamtn-M each Item of the ... i and
liabilities of It* above-named bank; that w
have written oit \.. worthl**« pap*r or e-.t
<>r.«.*e of fnii'btfrlsess <Iv« th* back. an<J tfc»t
w» have scaled down all a»set.« to their pr*s«nt
marktt ralu*. and that the tt»sas »«t forth la
tne above . j.i---. « are true to th« b*« of cur
*-•,»>'.?• and belief.
There are twenty-three direct questions
to answer, which deal with the exact
status of the following: Bank premises,
other r»»al estate, stocks, bonds, warrants,
mortgages., bills receivable, overdrafts,
money, checks, clearing house certificates,
ca*h tags, banks — current accounts, bankj
—loaned, furniture, expenses, taxes, and
other assets. On the liabilities side are
the following: Capital, surplus, commer
cial deposits, saving deposits. Interest
certificates, certified checks, banks — cur
rent accounts, banks — borrowed, city.
State or county money, interest collected,
exchange, rents, dividends unpaid, protit
and loss, rediscounts, and other liabilities.
Th«>se are supposed to cover the condition
of a bank so thoroughly that the an?w»rs
will tell the Commissioners what they
wish to know^
THROUGH TO WASHINGTON.
Splendid Tourist Cars Now Make the
Trip Possible Without Change.
The most popular personally con
ducted tourist car excursions from Cali
fornia to the East are the Sunset Tour
ist Excursions.
It Is the only line that maintains tri
weekly service. '■-:',■'■
It is the only to\irist excursion run
ning between the Golden Gate and na
tional capital— and that without change
of cars.
It leaves San Francisco Monday.
Wednesday and Friday, Los Angeles
Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Stopovers are allowed at Washington
on all tickets, first or second class. It
Is the statesman's favorite rout*.
Cars— brand new. broad vesttbuled.
airy, high-backed seats, nicely uphol
stered, rosewood finish. Pintsch gas
lighted, roller curtains, large windows,
six-T-.-heel trucks with steel-tir^d paper i
whe*l-«. smoking room— and the charge
for accommodations no more than In !
ih* old tourist cars. Rate per doubl
b<rth. San Francisco and Washing
ton. V
Personal conductors, gentlemen well
trained, polite, aceomrrfodatlng. Intent i
on making trip pleasant for passen
gers, and an Invaluable assistance to
ladies and children traveling without
escort.
Address J. M IV.-i:! Pacific Coast
passenger agent Piedmont Air Line.
«21 Market street. San Francisco; or A. [
M. Barnum. traveling passenger agent.
Wllcox buildln?. L^s Angeles, or call
or any agent Southern Pacific Com
pany.
■ m ■
Delinqufnt Tax Collections.
TVa!- M. W!l!ett. special attorney for
the collection of delinquent taxes for
the years I?6S. lS7*-«2. ISJ7-59 and IS3O-56,
has made a report to the Board of Su
pervisor* to the effect that during the
year ending June 30. 1*53. he collected as
tasrs. percentage and advertising the sum
of OK9 78.
■ ♦ ■
A Popular Yell.
Hah' hah' hah: Rah! rtb! rah! Station*—
U. C. at Z:ck*n<l f • |
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
SHAKESPEARE STUDIES BY DR. ROLFE.
Copyright, 1899. by. Seymour Baton.
F»ORULAR STUDIES IIN SHAKESREARE.
... ■■.-.---. . HatlMn
- - <. Or Btoma Cc n ■
VI. THE TAMINO OF THE SHREW
Katharine and Petmchio.
Concluded.
In the scer.e where Petruchio .Insists
that the sun is th* moon It Is clear that
she se«» his purpose and treats it a* a
Joke. She 1j not yoing to quarrel about it
and lose the visit to -■- so sh«
says, with a touch of good-natured sar
casm: «
Forward. I fr»r. itac* w* h*»» ecsi« to f*r
And be it iscoa. er ror.. er what r^o pl»*»?'.
An* If you DtoaM to call It a rush-cand!"
HenceforJ: I row it sfc*M te so for a*.
Petruchio then declares it is the soon
and she replies: "I know it Is the moon "
"Nay. then you lie." says Pecruchio, "it
13 the blessed sun."
Th«n Gc<J te b>ss«d. It :» the 'Mid tun.
But »un it it act. wh«a jrcu say it li n-n.
Anl tt» tnocn cboscts «rea n your tats.l.
What ycu will tare !t sirn'd. er»r. that It If
Aai to it thall b« v for Katharine.
The sportiveness of this Is palpable
enough ar.d It shows that th? wor* of
"tarams" the lady la complete. The two
understand each other perfectly and can
aScrd to .... the little s«ia:e by
THE GLOBE THEATER.
<Bui!t I".'- cu.i=ly occupied by StakM&eare'i ccrr.;v.y.
which the result has been reached. But
in the old play this scene la treated with
all seriomr.es* ar.d the shrew sobeny
calls the sun the moon. Just a- she has
yielded other disputed points to her ar
bitrary mate. Shakespeare knew better
than to compel Kate to contradict the
evidence of her own senses, except In a
sort of merry Irony. This is the fasnton
in which the earlier dramatist does it:
— Ccn-.e. Kat*. the moon* ibises clear*
ta-cight. rs«thmk»«.
Kate — Th» cntceT Why hoabacd yoa .-- de
ce!u»<l Ii Is the sua.
F»ran— Yet asair.p tome ba-kt a*»ln» It shall
be the trocne we cotn» at jronr fathers.
Kate— tThy. I> s«y as yotx aay It t« the raocc«.
Feran — !--■-• *au-» tft« clor'.ou* csocn*.
Kat* — Ie«u» save th» <lodou« mcor.e.
Feran— I am x. i '. Kate > -.■;: ttotnack la -■: — •
dowa.
I know It well then knowest tt it th«»
run.
But I •i:d tr.e to *e« if thoc wonJdit
■peak*.
A:-! err««» vs.* now v th-->« hast Jena*
before.
As 4 tru»r rae Kat» -*A* ttyja at
nisi**! the rnorr.e.
We had .-.r- r-i •'». -.^»;-« as car* as
death.
The encounter with old Vlncentto and
treatlr.i? htm as a your.? woman ts in tiie
jam-- playful vein: and this should be
suggested ;n acting or r».v'.ir.r tae sc*ne.
I nave soxewhere read that a certain
actress In pvlnj the speech b-ecinnir.s—
Pardon. cM father, my ssistaXicc rr*%
That hftTe be«a »o te«lazrl»4 by •— sua.
utrere<i tho word "sun" in a ro*ui?nly
hesitating way. with a sly look at Petru
chio. as if to ask whether she should call
it sun or moon. Scch little touches re-il
ly elucidate ar.d illuminate the port's
meaning, and show what rr.'.z'r.: be mad*
of the comedy if it were rendered anjht
instead of bring degraded, obscured and
caricatured, as it ;ren*rally has fceeo on
th* stage. The performance of. ihe p!.ay
by Mr. Daly's company was a markej
Improvement on the usual misrepresenta
tion, though the personation of tha :.-ti
and heroine did not seem to me to brins
out certain of the more uubtle features
of Shakespeare's characterization.
• The last scene, where Kate wins th»
wajer for her husband by h»r prompt
and unquestionable obedience must be in
terpreted in the liffht of what has pre
ceded: and when Lucentio and Hort^".*lo
express their surprise and wonder Afcat
this "bodes." note Petruchio'* reply:
m*ttt. r<*aee it b**!**. and It*-* aad <;slet life.
And awful nil* and rt*ht supr^manr:
And. to b* short, what cct that's ?w»et and
h»pvr *
, The p*ace and love and all that v
i sweet and happy are put first and last.
j and the obedience is mentioned orty In a
i secondary and subordinate way, as if to
> suggest chat it was based •.;•• n the love
i and not upon masculine lordship.
When Kate pu'ils off her cap and treads
i it under foot It I* because rh« und*r
! stands her husband's purpose— as In tne
; ea»<? of the sun and the moon. When sh-j
is sent out t<> fetch the other wive* she L»
bright enough to suspect that some trial
! of their conjugal obedience !s going en.
| and she at once enters into It with hearty
I enjoyment. In the long sp«^ch tha: fo!-
Iow» Shakespeare has avoided ail the ab
surdity of the -corresponding part of taa
old play, which is a pedantic homily on
the creation of the world and of man. I
I give It here as another specimen of the
j material which Shakespeare worked upon
and which some critics strangely assume
to be from his own pen at an earlier
period In hi* dramatic career:
Feraa— Now lowly Kate before there hoahaasfe
I pr-the t*!t vr.tT these nedstnna; wotnea
What tetle w!u»s <Joo owe »ato ta«!r
bustards.
Kate— Th»n you that I!ae th-« by your pom
p»r»d wills
Now lut tj me and marfce what i thai!
say.
Tn» "ten:ali power tfcat with £■§ only
breath.
Shall cat»* tht« «nd and this be^iaalns
frame.
Not In time, nor before ti=:e. but with
tira^. confosij.
For all the HH of PMMi ~? m t*i
m<jn«th».
Of s#a*ne trrr.perat*. of day** 1-:
houre».
Ar» land and •: pt. by m*tium of bis
baad.
Tfc<« f.rst world was a form* without a
form*.
A heap* coafiud. a m Attar* all d«fonsd.
A iruir* of ralf*a. a body bodlle*.
Where at! the •:#ts«nt« were ort!»rle«.
Efcfora the f*: comma.- ; - cf th«
world. - * .*
The Klnf of Kino, the florioo* God of
b«ft .
Who is ilx dale* did fram« hi* beasedy
■ -*•.
Asd -r.a.le all tbinfs to stand la per2t
course.
T^•r to h!s ! — -!?• be rtid cake a t=aa.
ij'.i" Adam. aad frcra hi> •:■!• a»>ep*.
A rib was taken, of which th- Lcrd did
Tbe we* of man »o t«na<! by Alain thea.
Weoar. for that by her ca ra« »ta-- to n.
And for her *n was Alar, doctsd to
As Sara to her tusbaatf »•> !-.!••
Obey them, loo* them. k««p« and noar-
US tie=J.
I* they by any =-».--•» doo want oar
U-'ir.t our hand** vad*r theirs feet 9 to
I' -m: by that we ral»tet procure there
Aa-1 fcr . pr^ld»nt Il« Cm b»« -.
Aad lay ray band »nd»r ny hu*b*r.i's
fe*te
■Sh€ Wei her hand rnd«r her
bosbaatl * f«et».)
In what Shakespeare makes Kate say
there is little that should offend our mod
ern taste. Obedience Is not made th«
whole duty of the wife, nor Is too much
stress laid upon the husband'a authority
The tribcte due him Is said to be "love"
fair tool and true obedience"— "too lit
tle payment for the debt she ow»s" to his
I loving care and labor for her comiort and
welfare. If the husband is represented as
sovereign he is also servant, and the sov
ereisr.ty la based upon the affectionate
and devoted service, not upon th» im
1 posed superiority of sex. r
It should b« said h*re that Shake
speare's part of this scene probably endj
with th« line. "That i««c!cs to b« most
wh!eh we Indeed Jeast are." The rhym*
and the Alexandrine Indicate that h*
meant to have the scene end there: but
tr.e manager of the theater, or whoever
finished up the p!ay for the stas*. ad'!e<l
the btt from the oM comedy about pl.ic-
Injr the wtfe's hands below the husband*
foot. It will be se#r. that the eariler p:ay
wrtjrht adds the stn«e direction "She Ut*s
her hand under h-r husband's fe*t*." #
Shakespeare would never have carried tha
thin? out In that literal way. even If •
had retained ■ — words as a Cffuratlva
expression.
There Is no "sr>eci*l pl»ndinjr" In what I
have said of Shakespeare's moderation cf
the spirit and tone of the earl!er play, f-
noth;r.« of the sort was necessary. All
the chances he made were In this direc
tion, and I have referred to only a few a*
Illustrations. To quote and comment upca
all would far exceed the space at my curv.
mand.
Other Characters In th« Play.
Blanca. as Cowden-Clarke sayi. is # x
rr.lncinjr pretenderto «weetness.«rtfu: ->r. :
artiSrial from nrst to last."' She pains
herself the name for gentleness and tem
per by playlr-c ths foil to her violent »Sj-
-.
■
!
-
■
b*tt»r match In z*\
ir«r the elder sister, wl:h all her youth
ful faults, which w»re but superficial *h J
easily curable, instead of this shallow lit
tle hypocrite, who «v ciucb more of a
*hrew in reality. Hortensio waa lurky
In losing her. A* Fum!va!l says. "H< Is
a straightforward fel!iw about lore, and
car.not stand her fllrt'ne."
Baptista Is a renutne Italian cZ-arac?^**,
though not of the best type. He Is *-lf-
Ish In his maneuvers tor marrytr.* -r?
his daughters, as be has be«n weak ta
bis paternal management of them. Kate
owed h»r bad way. as I have said, to her
bad bnnjinir up more than to any Inher
ent tendencies to shrewishness. If her
father had understood her as well as n«:r
husband did. ar..l had ma.> any Intelligent
•ff>.rt to correct her tirlish faults, oo r*i
sible wooer would hare hesitated a xa<*
rrent in makir.r lov» to her Ir.stead of t-i?
mealy-mcuthed. mincing sister.
Italy in Shakespeare's Plays.
England and Italy ar» pr*-«siir.ent!y ths
countries of Shakespeare's play*. Tha
scene* of fourteen of th»ci 'including th«
historical playi> are laid wholly or partly
In Enelar.d. and of eleven tincludlnit tha
Roman plays* wholly or partly ta Italy.
I count "The Tempest."' arson* the latter
because the character* are Italian thouxhj
the scer.e is laKl on an Ulasd not d«f
«<rrtb»d in any prosaic mant:al of re«»
raphy. Th* other plays— twelve In a!!— are
scattered through various lands— Greece,
Illyria. Bohemia. Fnr.ce. Sicily. Der.inarie.
etc. Some of these are mere names. Th«
Illrria of "Twelfth Nla-ht" and the F->
hemla of "The Winter's Tale." for In
stance, mlffht be anywhere else. In tha
poet* day the theater had little or no
painted scenery, ar.d a sljjn or placard
wa.i often put u^ at the back of the sta<«
to Indicate the locality— Athens. Rome,
Venice or whatever it mi* ht b«. The
§ism waa the only aid to the spectator*
trr.arinatico. which had to furnish a local
habitation for the came as best It eouM.
And so with the Messina of "Much Ado "
the Ephesus of "The Comedy of Errors'
and the llk*». They are nothing more
than r.acf« *tnck on a sta*e without
scenery. Transpose these name* from
or» play to another and it would make bo
difference except la the measure of a tenr
lire* In which the names occur.
But the Italian scenes are veritably
Italian. In "The Two Gentlemen of Ve
rona." indeed, this local ton* l.« not -o
marked, but that play Is one of the earli
est that Shakespeare wrot". an 1 It Li evi
dent that he was not then so much at
home In Italy a- when he wrote the later
play* of which that country is the »cer.*»
Did he ever visit Italy? It Is not Im
possible, thoujrh it serms to me on t>«
whole tmtrobable. 'hat he may hare done
so Critics who have been tn Italy. an<i
some who have Ion? re*Med there, find I*
dtiHcclt to explain h>« minute ac*;tralnr
ance with the manners and customs of
the country *x«pr on the theory tfca* ho
had vlsltM it. In "The Shrew." as ta
the "Merchant of Venice" «and this by
the way. is in favor ct makin* the data
of the two plays about the same— ls3T o
n»ar lt> these tittl* Italian touches are
particularly to be noted.
Mr. C. A. Brown, who lived for yean In
Italy, says thnt "The Shrew" beam the
"peculiar feature and stamp" of th<»
country, and shows thaf Shakespeare ha«i
become very familiar with Us scenery.
manners, customs and cities.
Cambridge. l!i.«s.
coubszs OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn- Winter Tern. 1599-1000.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies fas
Boys.
FRIDAYS. Great American States*
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Selene* and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15. 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting ci
certificates.
FIRE HOUSE ACCEPTED.
New Station on iJlnxome Street
Ready for Business.
The Fire Comni!3sioser* yesterday att
ercooa formally accept*! and • --.-.•••: tu*
My new Crehouse Just completed oa
Bluxone street, between Fourth aad
Fifth. The new building l» the finest ■».--!
most modern firehouse Ix th« city and
Architect Welsh was materially a*»L«Tfd
In drawtac his plar.j by the • .«Mii«n*
of Chief abniran and A ' = •«.«: ir.-. Es**.m-cr
Shau^hn»asjr- The building Is fire p oof
and fitted with the beat and mo*t ora«:U
eat fire-flxhtinff apparatus ::-_i" cocM It
bousnt- Its cost waa m.iO). Thc*e pres
ent yesterday were:
G. T. Bohen. president of Fir» Conm!»
sloners; CcmmiMlonfr J. S. 11 ir-o.*:;,
Comml2<or.*r R. H. Jones. Secretary O. .••.
Maxwell. Supervisors Lewis F. Bytnavcc.
Jenmtab Vmsy. Ed H. Al«eltlar-r sni
Albert Heyer; W. D. Farrell. i x-*ThwC
Sacramento Ftre Department: Chief Sal
livan: A*si«tant Enrl2«er Sbaachreny.
Architect T. J. "WeUh. R. a. Chaptsaa
acd Jam«« J. Dai*
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
• THE MARKETS.
Nut Oil, White Pepper and Sal Soda higher.
Cement and Tin Plate lozver.
Continued advance in Brooms.
Silver advanced. Exchange as prrjiously quoted.
Wheat futures declined again.
Other Cereals dull at urxjianged prices.
Hay still weak. Fran, Middlings and Rolled Barley ditto.
Beans quiet, but firm.
Potatoes atid Vegetables quiet.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs declining.
Market overstocked :i'ith poor and small Turkeys.
Poultry and Game generally neglected.
Fresh Fruit quiet at about previous prices.
Alt*. and Walnuts in better supply and lower.
Provisions unchanged.
Meat market as before quoted.
Increased coinage of the Mint.
Bank clearings in November large.
Cha I
The Pu»Jerlclc Jiu loads n-.erchaadlse for
mio.
Bank Clearings.
■ ".-.•.; hank clefliinss !n November were j
J36.W6.Ctt, a»;alrj-« ?7«.0».5m for the *ia.T.e month ]
!a ;d»> Fur th« f.r»t «'lev«n months of ttte I
year they araount to tS*S.49l>4». against J74L
y.l * ■: t"T the Mune ■..:•• In KM.
Coinage of the Mint.
Th« cr»ir.a*re ri the local Mint In November
*a-a* an tolkm*:
IS9B. 1599.
rouble e*w:lr*i 52.700.0N J2.940.000
JU?le*. 2.09J..0V0
Half ea«lrs l,:(y>.C"o
Ftaadard dollara SM.OOI
Jiilf dollars Wh.wi 145.C00
Quarter d. •V.km 50.000
£■&.** a,ai '.*.'■ j
Tvtai »4.11€.5l ti.K7.(.'wo j
Xczv York Money Market.
Tr» cirrular cf H*nry c;e*»s mj»:
"Stocks fluctuated wlt!:ln mod'-nite limits !
£urine th< w.^k. uvA the unly event of j
laportanoa »a» Becratuy Game's t>ff«r to buy i
1 In^ndii f >V relief <«r Uie moiie y :...-.: r., : Some 1
'•.urvrl** has 1-een expre^^»«l at ihe compara- <
lively nr.aJl offerings of b ->nds. amounttntf 10 I
i»t>.>ut ten milliotih up to the dat- of wriung. j
it i-hou.d l>e rei:n-ml>ered. however, that Guv- 1
#-rmn»-ni bond* ar»* oftm held f'>r other reasons |
than profit ani by indlvldUiUs or Institutions ;
that are not Influenced by temporary fluctua- I
ti<>n« la the num. y markwt. i'ne offer, too, j
«».■:.'■ aft»*r the worst <>f vhe. j-jnoh wits over; |
easier conditions *er« In pr\>cp«ot. and the <
-urgent demands for money generally came from
overloaded holders of ::..:-:-;..; .- • ..-:u--s who '
have no Qovernment t ' to «<»ll and uh.>
v-.-uld have l*een obliged to pay stiff ratu
tun It r any cirouinrtanc. *. There Is a notabl« :
*l>»mce of complaint (rum commercial bor- j
.IMwerx who hnv* no difficulty in f.ndinc all
reasonaM* a<c<'Oßim>«latlons at sov-*d rates,
•which they « :-.. '■ pa>- Fairly high rntes
I'»r money are llk«-ly t<> continue fur reasons
ti'jve generally understood. Funds will return ;
» lowly Jr.>m the Wen: January disbursements ',
will e.">on have xn be prepared for. and as yet ■
there art* tiu fit 'is of abatement In the Kre«t
Industrial r.nd ••onme.rclal activity now in pro- >
stre»i«. The dlflicultles of the situation w*>r» 1
materially ajr^ravated l>y the h»hind-dat<» 1
Tnethc«s« of the rnitfl Ptatfs treasury, frotn ]
•which no rreat nllef can be «-x;>«ctel until
the country enacts a comprehensive elastic cur
rency system. »urh «s »dopt«-d by other en- '
llchtened nations. Meanwhile the action of |
Fecretary Guue in oTTering to buy bonds will
meet the *••■.:■: approval of all fairly dis- I
jpos-i per»ple. Political crlticium for such was I
to be «-*pecteil, «tid th^se who profited by ab- i
normal itit«-iv*>t ra.tes woul i of course com- I
plain; but. as the Secn-tary's purpose was !
•plnln'.y \r> <1> nothlr.c beyond ounteract the 1
Injurious eff"<-t of ir»a^urj - oj-erstlons, to slm- !
I'ly put nllef within reach If necessary, his 1
uctlorj v  j«^th wise arid timely. Had he •-<•- !
Juiw^i surh relief and a crlns ensue.J he eer- !
tajnly would have Incurred the ttevereht crltl- I
rlsm f1 r Inaction from all parties. Including I
tioiie »ho now flnfl fault."
0 York.
Mail nilvi^es fr^m New Tork ray
•'Trie activity in prunes ha* n<jt been com
raunlcst<»d to other varletit-s, but there Is a
Jfclr detr.snd at unchang»-d pnees lor about
all grade* cf the be«t varieties. Conditions
•continue favorable, but buyeri An not take
»ml 4 »lth any vim and the market accord
ingly ;.n-«"-r.u a rather dull appearance in
e;-'ts. while other sorts show considerable
activity and price strength. Should th.«
ptr»T(rth In prunes continue an advance In
X'rtee win j,o made. 0 other price changes
ere deemed probaJi)i».
"More sales of prur.es are In rr^cn-rs and
the transfers the jiast few flays have
•.mounted to jierhrif* forty earn or mere, but
the pr\r*» ar* unknown. thr.uch It Is undor
rto<vl that about full quotations were ob
tained, a lame demand fcr export is nou-d
anfl perrraj r»™ ha\e Rone forward of
late. There Is a sllKhtly ftrr.njrer f«>:ing In
Callfrinila aa a result of the increasM s.-Ues
here, though no quotable change In prices a
reported.
"Ptaarnes nre quiet b<-th here and on t»i«
m*n. but tnere Ik a stradr trade which holds
r»iee« fna and keeps the market healthy. The
rupply In Brut hands Is «i.*u.l to t* small but
there «s no pressure to either buy or sell
"Apricots *«■:! only In a retail way Th«
rupply In first han^s Is ton umi-Jl to exert
any Influence on the market nr.d prices rule
h!r^i In connetjuen'"*.
■
-
•SMdnc pr '
Weather Report.
OWh Mrrl*!ai-rvine Time)
RAN FRANripro. Nov. »_e p. m.
The fnllowmc are the Maaanal • 'Til* t-1
<".ate as ooir-pared w!th th.se of -mm* <«at<«
3a« f»»oo. and ralnfalli In last twenty-four
nour*:
T,«.*t Thin Jjn,t
ttntion*— S4 Hour*. P»ason. Fei*r, n
E ur ,* k * IS; rf ».36 f (* '
' P«cr«tn*r.to n,i2 T 10 j'«j
San Fmncl«c-o 0.11 T Tl 2 3*
Vwno . o.u 3 . f , 5 : m
Ind*r"«ndf-nre o.ro o.SO 0 41
Bin Iaj!» Os>l>,po Tru'* S.TC 0 «7
Ixi^ Anr^lei o.f»'> j ,s Cjg
Fan Dlrito O.C> l!: 5 f.'jl
Tttn>_... 0.«, t.r,| 01 ,
rc Fan , FYnnr!»co B . a: v« x linnai •'mperatur*.
H; nlnimun, tl; r.ifiin. O.
WCATUJ OOKDITIOXB AND GENERAL
PonncAST.
p« i rrwicre hn* rfaea rtij.iftlr en-«- the Pa
r^ir"?' 1 - aT¥l Thar.k«r!\lr.it rtujr promlw f>
I* tirltht tntr t»:e gr»-*tcr portion of the Pa.
ctflc rtope.
Illrh «in<!i hnvn pr»val>(J r»n^rally with
"' f'" 111 «* «hj. Mora w,ti-,r(l. Mterir
wln<lii rr«vaJ! rIT »h(,rr. .ni conflltlnnt ar«
more favoraUe fr, r mafcir.i? p, lrt# thlln fo ' miny
d«yi» part. *
tba tpmr«Tttur# h*« r»nm ov^r Northern
Kfvidt and Southern ie*h*.
Trie follow-lnrr m«xltr.um winfl ve.locltiwi are
reported: Fort Cnnby. thlrfy-fls mi'et » «> r
hoiir from the we?!; Kurek«_ th.ny-two e-imh
wet-t; B«k.r City, thirtjr-four. »outhwe»f
IVJoe. thlrtv-t»r.. » ( «lhwp«; rorateiin fnrty
two, went; S«!t I^ako. forty. »«>^s : W.nn^mucra.
fifty-two, weiit: fanson ntr. rixty. Fr 4!l h wi ,,,.
Ir«3epenflenpe. thirty, northw-nt.
f*jrecact made at Fun FranclFm for thirtr
houm. endlnr mldnißht Nr vemV*r 3t; '
' Northern California— Fair Th-jr*^j»y V.zhi
northerly winds In the irtTirr; woterly tvindt
on the coart.
Br»uthprn California— Fair Thuirlay; ll^ht
tnrthwwterly wind.
Nevada— Fair Thurfiay.
rtah-Fair Tharpday.
Arlx-^na— Fair Thursday.
■ Ran FranelKCO and vlrlntty— Fair Thuniday
'♦rMh wc?t Ti-lndp dlmln!»«h!rs In forr».
. ALKXANDEIt O. McAl>in.
Forerimt Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
Hew York Stock Market.
mm . -rrlces of stocks were
on the wholo well sustained to-day. In spite
of some factor* mnk!r.g for reaction. Chief of |
these was the continued hardness of the money j
market, the further slump in leather and the
movement to take pniflts in the Trunk Line \
su-cks, whtih have ailvanced so aggressively
for »ome time past. This protll-taklr.g mov.- |
n»ent was the nearest to official confirmation I
mat oould be had of the numerous published
reports and rumors of a consolidation of con
trol of the rr«u trunk lines. Those favored
with advance information of such a project
would naturally be seller* when the news be
came public property and brought in outside !
• » A go»d proportion of to-days outside 1
buyers thus Invited operated by cable orders !
Irom London.. Americans shared in the gen-raj |
etrencsh In the market ..ri account of reports of
British military successes armnst the Uoer*. I
London, buying »jj a\*r> attracted by the publi- I
cation c: the currency reform measure to be
Eusneu by the dominant party at the coming
pension of CongrekS. This was the mainttav of !
the market, and the strength displayed here
nnd there by individual stn.ks. many of th-m '
ol**cure. Kept the market nrm In fare f the un- ;
easlnors over the money outlo- k. To-morrow's
n..llilor also prompted some closing up of t.hurt '
accounts. While London's buying ««« the majn !
sustaining factor, the further hardening In the
J^-.nj..n money rate and fears of an advance in I
the Hajik of England rate to-morrow, diucour- '
ared oteratlon*> for the long accr.unt. The i
Cervar.d for money kept the rate at : per cent j
and above until it had be.-n mostly sntlsfW.
when It feil below 4 :*r cent in the late deal- I
lng«. and the stock market hardened in r-- i
ep.nse. Tht» ►üb-Trra«nry's disburr.-m.-nts on I
account of bond redemptions were considerably i
below f'.000.000. and the Trea>-ury statement
frrm vinshin-ton showed th.- day's revenue
receipts nearly $L7tf'.<A' in excess of expendl- '
tures. As this is the last day for which the j
Treasury Department's offer t^ tedeem bonds ,
holds good, the total disbursements tor redemp- !
tion are but little over half the amount <,f the !
total offered. The feeling is general In Wall :
ftrect. however, that the i>erl">d of the offer j
will be extended and a safety-valve against '
pressure of money rates thus supplied.
A further decline In New York exchange at ,
Ch!cac> to It cents discount n,,.i.:.-; ;o conts
yesterday and a downward movement in New
Y->rk exchange at other domestic centers were
again the nppoattlon that New York is Raining
this we»>k on the Interior currency movement
as -■■■• last week. Fractional ft gain*
are the rule in stock* and they rlac to a point
or over in only a few excej-ti.inal casos. The i
bond market was quiet and prices showed tome
Improvement hs the day progressed Total ,
sales, par value. J1.J3.-..000. fnlted States thre* s I
advanced »■» In the bid price.
NEW YOH.K STOCK lAST.
EharM Closing i
Sold. Stock*- Bld ff ;
7.s'rf) Atrhl.rn ; 3vi i
T.ll* At.hison prefd &,%. ;
7.477 Haltimore & Ohio bs2
Catiaillan I'adflc (.44 I
«"anada Southern .' 54 |
5.".570 Chesapeake & Ohio 304 !
CIO <"hliaro Great Western nnt« t '
«.]T2 «li!cago Burlinuton & gulncy U3\ ,
:.r.75 Cblcaco md * Uouisviiie .. i: j
!>*) Chicaco Ind & Louisville prefd 61 i
»rt Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9G>i
Chicago & Northwestern 1-iSW
♦l^ Chicago Itock Island & Pacific. . in'- ■
2.*« C C C & St Louis Q\
«€'j Colorado Soutliern 64 '
itn Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4« I
3'"«. (Colorado Southern 2d prefd i'»; I
Vto Delaware & Hudson ex .llv UML
s r«or «0 rviawar* I^a.-k ie Western ISMi
l»J0 I»env*-r & IUo Grande 20 T » '
Denver .v Rio Grande prefd 7", !
Kne .. ,-.»• ■
4**) Erie Ist prefd 371; !
455 Great North, m prefd ! 17t,'1 '<
Hocking Coa! vs
W0 Hocking Valley ' ; 4 i. !
h&J Illinois Central '.'liO 4 ! :
..-..'.. lowa «"entral '.'/. n
I'-wa Central prefd " -,ij
2,fir, Kansas CKy PlttsburK & Gu1f....!! 10
11-}I 1 -} Lake Erie A Western *,i,i
2JO Lake HTle & Western prefd <;o
I^ak« Shore \.
8.170 I^>ulsville & Nashville "~m
i:.]'A Manhattan L. jn:.t:
1.(«j0 Metropolitan Street Hallway I*l3l,
« •• Mexican Ontral 131.
l.r.'<o Minneapolis A: St Louis '. sr.»i !
illniieai«)lis &St Louis • 1... S.»,
4.7W Missouri Parjflc 4S i*
Mobile A Ohio " 44.-. 1
Mlrsourl Kansas A Texan , " 12;*
2» Missouri Kar.'is & Texas pnsfd.... S^Vi I
COO New Jersey Central ji.i I
6.J7K Nem- York Central 'ih \
2.735 Norfolk & Western "" J7
hW Norfolk v Western prefd 705.;
li.l.v> N>nhem Pacific t, 6 v, '
17.2:7 Xcrthern Pacific prefd ...... 76-, t
5.219 Ontario & Western ">s\ i
Oregon Hallway & Nay. !.!!!! 7« *
'«;r; R " n Railway & Nay prefd ....... 78
22,v>v., Pennsylvania iwi
140 n.-Hdln X ■;.'.•■; S)j
4.7-0 Read ins lft pr»fd ......... t ,
t.39 Reading 2d prefd ....'.'.'. ?/>'<. '
IMo Grande Western ".!!!!! 4S
ISIo Grande Western prefd s.i
St I^ouls & H«n Tran _"' " \]\3i
Pt Louis & Kan Kn.n Ist prt-fd . " 7'
•'•'iii Pt Louis & San F>an Zi prvfd C 6
ro St Louis Southwestern y>i
>» 8t Louis Southwestern prefd.. " 3174
2.100 Bt Paul —mm?
St Paul prefd ."! ;:;;;; \-l>i
E* Paul & Omaha ii-v
12.V*i Southern Pacific .'
3.770 Southern Railway . " p
C.K'O Southern Railway prefd ' " uc
7^o Texas & Pacific " ,„?
14/KK) Union Pariflc L*
3.C?2 1-nion Pacific • m....; !! 771/*
l") wibwh !.. .! 'I *
l.*o abaal prsrd ... ..... •_
t0» Wbr*lln X « Lake Erie.. '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.".'" U-^
. in
tSO V 1»COI Central y>i±
Exprwa Companies—
Adam* ...
American ii t ~
United Statei .I.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. *«v« v
Wells Par»o iS*
MlFceiiancous— * '" '
«TK> American C .tton Oil -nu.
™ Am-rtcui«rotton CM prefd..'. ".V,'." V 5
fK> American MaJtlng • Jo
390 American Ma!ttn»t prefd . . " '" 46
2.30U Amer!.-an Smeltln* A R^nXng. '.'"'.'. lOU
, I.WW Am SmHtlnr A Reflnins pn-f.l ji»*
American Spirits . 2
American Fplrits prefd ! [ "17
1.400 American Steel Hoop A-
MjO American Sletl Ho-tp p re f,i
2.235 American Steel & Wire.. tett
....... American 4 Wire preVd.:M*~* Sm2
515 Amerl'-an Tin Plate 3.
American Tin Plate prefd..".'.'.' sa
300 Hocking Valley ."v
4,100 American Tobacco '.'.'.'.'. u^at
American Tol»acco prefd I! I !!".".' 14S
Anaconda Mlninir Co ... " " m
4.4C3 nrooklyn Rapid Transit. ..*".".*.".". SS
Cf>o Colorado F'uH i Iron --
I.SOO Continental Tobacco i->ix
2,? M Continental Tobaco prefd ••■"— M ; a ?
14.7r2 Federal Ktecl - «U
S.l-co Federal Steel prefd " «■>£
2.KA Gen-ral Electric ."!!.'lL > 5
liO Glucc«e Sugar \ ;i
100 i;;i.iow Siifcsr prefd .*."! <«o«
1(0 International Paper 14*.*
SM International Pai>er prefd Ci&i
4.1C5 Im. lede Gr.s K>!
Notional Biscuit ;. 41 %
Notional Hincult prefd ' w,
t<JO National Lead '.'." gu
National Lead prefd " "loc^.
4» National Steel '.. it*
TOO National Steel prefd "'" 05 .
41S New Turk Airbrake .11.11. .".!'ICO
C.160 North American ' 15
400 Pacific Coast 5014
Pacific Coast Ist prefd '" <o
Pacific Coast 2d pn-fd ' es
I.BTO Pucine Mail " 4.
U*v> ivo;»;e-« r. UB ......v. .jL.
K» I'ressed Steel Oar .' £.S-i
'"vzi Vni**'' 1 Stw>l Car prf>f(i '••• ** i l
l.'>-3 I*ullman Palace* Car vr,
T.KI Standard Rope A Twine.........!!;!! i-v
U.M9 Surar ,'^l
Fucar prefj ns»
.. SW Tei.ne,,,.,. coal i Ir^n.V.'.'.'.V.'.V.'.'iii.'lH^
220.450 United States Leather.^ ..usj
THE SAN 1 RAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1899.
2.100 United States Leather prefj 734
2M United States Rubber 47
40.1 United States i! bar prefd 110
IST Western Union S7\
1.020 Republic Iron A Steel 26
4f>o Republic Iron & Steel preH 70
P C C & St Louis 74
885..W Share* sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V 8 4a reg 102 M X * T Ma 704
VS Ss reg ' ■■> MX& T4s . ... »2
VS 3s coup . I ■■», N v Cent lsts ... 1124
IJ S new 4s reg....i32H •; .1 Cent Ken 5*...1204
C B new 4s coup.,l3.'*, .■>„• Carolina • - 127
r»r> ex Int Ulii N Carolina 4s ..104
U S o!J 4s roup....U3'i Nor Pnc lsts .110
11 SBa rfg 1U> 4 > C r P»e -s 6<i
U S is coup m* Nor Pao 4.« tC2Vi
Dint Of C..1 I 6:* . !!7'.. N ye (I St L 45. .105
Alabama cljps A. lll Nor & \V conn is.. 93
Alabama class U..HO , Nor & W K*n «5...155
Aiul>ama class C..101 ! Oregon Nay Ist .loß
Alabama currency. 1<» i Oregon Nay 4s IC3Vs
Atchison Ben 4s PS^iOr Short Line 65.. 129
Atchison artj 45.... S2l» Or S L cons la lU4
Can Sou 2ds 107 [Reading gen <- S7
C A O 4U,s S3w U <» \V lsts . SSSi I
C <fc O 5s ■■;-•:..».!■' con 55. 110
C&. Nor cons Ts 142 si LAfIF K<»n «5.125
C A S S F deb 65.. 107 Ist Paul cons .171
Chlr TerM 4? '.<« |St I* C & P 1«5...12>i«i
I> & R li lsts lUlS'st I'CltP i.f» 120*»
1' a R. <. PH .::.- . . . i<«t i
E rVa A Qa UU.lo34i<BUnd II & T 65.... '.3 !
Erie pen is 7i\ Trim new »ett Ss... ?4 I
FW& D C lsts.... IS* Texas & I'nc lsts. us ;
Gen Electric f.a 120 Texas & Vac 2d5... ■<
<; h & S A 6s now irnlon Tac 4s 104
GII 1 S A Ids ins Wahnsh IMS 114
HAT C^-nt Bs lll«4\V«baj=h Mr 101
H&. T Cen cons 65.110 West Shore 4a.... ..113>*
la Cent lst« in«, Wise Cent Ist.' ... 92>.i ;
KCT& G lsts.... 724 Va raturlca .. SoVi
l-\ new cons 4s IP9 IVa IVfcrred ..7
L & N unined 45...10 < Col Southern 4a.... Si
Sou Pac 4s c i\
MINING STOCKS.
I Chnilar 20, Ontario 8 00
I Crown Point MlOphir I 10 i
J C C & Va l 701 Plymouth v .
... it:
' Could A Oirry ISlQulcluiilver pr»-f... 7 M ;
Hale & Norcrcss... 4 'Sierra Nevada ..... 41 j
, H.'tn^tnl;.» 6T. ro.Stnn'lard ; 10
Imn Sliver M! Yellow Jacket 1". ,
Mexican ... I. 44
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |W El i>refJ 654
Call ins s'*.tf: Wise r, n i 20' ,
i Time Iviins 6 ©7 Dom Ccal - '■»
I Stocks— Uo:n O.nl prefd IIS
,AT A 8 F 23U H.-nds—
A T A 8 V prefi.. w>, K\ Mann 4a 89
, American Sugar... i;>64 Mlnir.K Shaivn—
I Am Bu| pr«fd.~.'.llS)4 Adventure ... 64
| KHI Tel. phone r.55 All.iuez Mug Co 2\
Itostnii A: Albany.. 2sl Atlantic "6
I Hoston A Maine.... 2^s HoFton & Montana.32o '
: C I« & Q 13.T* Hutte & Hoston... 70
;Ed Elec 1M 208 Calumet & !!eela.76ft '
! Oen Electric 12">* 4 Centennial 23
] Gen Klec pref J....ir,» Franklin 174
! F.-.ieral Steel 61^ Humbuldt l l »
■ K«-d Steel prefd fr2 'i>««.— ola fcf'U
j Mexican Cent IS Parrot 434
I Old Colony 207 :Qulncy US
I Old I>ominlon 2C»'-j Snnta Fe Copper.. 7»i
! Rubber 47' i Tamarack, »x d1v..215
I Union Pacific Di« '■'■ '•.!.. 7 :
i I'nlon I^ind 3 Wolverines 414 :
j West End prefd. ...lls4. Utah .'(, .
i TVestinehouse Elec 444 .
_^
The Money Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.— Money on call dosed
easy, tfj' per cent: last loan, 3 per cent; ruling
rate, 7 per c«?nt. Prim* mercantile paper, .Vs. ,
6 per cent. Slerlinp exohanpe Heady, with act
ual business In bankers' bills at J4 ST> ; ,^4 »>&
f»r demand and at S4 S0 T >«'fx4 81 for sixty days;
j-osted rates, i 4 R2f<i4 W-s and $4 S7; commercial
Mils, 1« M-ff4 SO I*.1 *. Silver certificates. l^\ijl<^c.
Hur silver. KH.c. Mexican dollars. 47** c. Gov
ernment bonds, ste.idy; State beads, inactive;
railroad bond*, firm.
1 I
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. -The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The home markets were unsettled to-day in
fears of dearer money. The. contango per con
fnlt opened at S nd advanced to 6Vi per cent.
Horrowers on consols paid 6 per cent to the
bank, which did a I.!* business In fhort loans
to the market at the same r urt>. It also dis
i counted bills moderately at 5 per cent and up
| ward. most of the business being at 6 per cent.
! Few Mill I Mil..- out.
A big shipment of gold to Chile i* expected
I this week for the crops. To-day J10.(>03 went to
i South America and £6000 In French coin was
; l»uight. The week's outflow was £91.V
I 000. Americans w.-re firm, but the deal
lncs were largely confined to naltlmore nnd
Ohio, Pennsylvania and Chesapeake and Ohio
and New York Central. London Is looking en
and New York orders executed here at the
oi*"nlns exrlted interest.
Spanish 4s r*ach«-d CTi;. Tlntos 4*",, Anacon
das f-i. Silver was firm on the Immediate de
mand from <"htna and the forward demand
from the Continent.
CLOSING.
I.ONPOX, Nov. 23-Canadlan Pacific, 95V
Union Pacific preferred, 79>4; Northern Parlfle
preferred. 77\-; Atchison. I'.JTi: Grand Trunk.
T\; Anaconda, 9S. Bar silver steady. 27 6-16 d
per ounce. Money, 3iiS< per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. ».— FLOUR-Recelpts.
"6.2fS barrtlß; exports, 24,595. Quieter and
barely steady, buyers asklnt; concessions be
cause of the late drop In wheat.
WHE AT— Receipts, 125.^25 bushel?; exports.
t(V),i». Ppot. ea>.y; No. 2 red, 72}irt f. o. b.
. afloat; No. 1 Northern Dututh, tr.-v f. . i,.
afloat to arrive: No. 1 hard I. ninth. 77«ie f. o.
b. afloat to arrive; No. 2 red, 7O 7 »cT elevator.
Options i,;>en«-<l Ft«N*<!y at mvli.triK-vl priced, be.
!np influenced by foreign buying of December
lln opposition to we«ik cable*. Trade was of a
| holiday character all day, priest linally yleld
inp to sale* for Inn* account and muni export
trade. Closed l • ik at \»BSc n«t decline.
March. T4S'&74vic, closed 74', :c; May. 74V»Q"5c.
j closed 74Hc; December. 70 13-]&Ji7lUc, closed
7(> T tc.
HOPS-Steady.
LEATHER- Finn.
METALS— The market wan uninteresting In
th» main and at best business drafijted heavily.
Lead ruled «omew)iat hteadl«-r on sllshtly In
crcciud demand and tin aJvancr-d moderately
In pympatby with !!rnin«i» abroad. OtherwUe
there wf-re no chaniros of Importance. At th«»
clnre the MotaJ Kxrf:an«e called:
PIOIRON Wanantg neglected.
LAKE COPPER I xill and nominal at $170
17 IS.
TIN- Steady for spot and easy for future*
■ at J-.- 60127 KO.
LEAD Firm for spot «nrt unchanged for fu
! tup-i. at J4 Co«i4 80. The brokers' price for lead
Is $4 4'> and for copi»er $17 2j.
SPELTER— DuII at $4 ;-.!•■>
CT>FFKE— Fiitiiros closed firm, net unchanged
to 10 point? lower. Totnl sulcs. 47.^00 bags. In
cluding: January. i'< f>o"i/.6; Februarj". $5 M>o
5 95: Mar. !C-ff« 15; May, $6 I0Cl« 20: June.
$6 23: July, $(5 2Vtf<i 30: Ausuet, $6 3'«3-"» 35; Sep
tember. T6 3J56 40; October, $6 EO. Spot coffee-
Steady; No. I Invoice, ,6*4 c; mild, quiet; Cor
dova, C»iJJ7*ic.
BUGAR Raw, steady: rpfin«d, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3546 packs ffes. Firm:
Western creamery. 23'r?;T<-; June creamery, 22@
23c: factorj". ISH^ISc.
EGGS— Receipts. 4374 packages. Steady; West,
em umcru'l^l nt mark. 14QC0c.
CALIFORNIA PRIED FRUITS.
The market wears a holiday aspect and busl
ress is tame. Prices ruled steady at previous
quotations.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. C97c;
prime. 7&7=Vic; choice. S\iQS«ic; fancy. S%©9c.
PRL'NES— 2%©SHc
AI'UICOTS— RoyaI, 13fT15c: Moorpark, UflSc.
I'EACIIES— Pet-led. ■ Me; unpecloO. 7^©loc.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 29.— The break In Liverpool,
despite the strength developed here yesterday,
was the prime factor In the local market at the
opening. As traders had looked for a rallying
influence In cables, the Wheiit taken In yester
day woi disposed of early. May opened V»'<iS':
lower at 705?7QVaC. and December was ft a Ilka
fraction at t"j*hi.iiCVV*. Buying against puts,
together with purchases made on the strength
of H-riit Northwestern receipts, caused a rally-
Ing at the opening. May touching 70Vic and De
cember 6Cc. This advantage was lo«t. how
ever, as the caah and export demand was poor.
The market became heavy/ and May closed
•AfcSc down at C3»ic, and December SC%c off
at r.:.V.'''-'V'. As to-morrow Is a holiday, this
was the lant day of December as a future, and
much trading was done in evening up another
preparation for delivery. The difference be
tween May and December narrowed to 4\ie, but
was 4Ut?4Ho at the cloi-e. December deliveries
are expected to be heavy before the 10th.
Corn v.as steady early, with the December
liquidation apparently atciut completed. The
elavator* wen- ready to take all the December
oiltiincb.
May cloe»d a shade down at 22Hc; December
U<" down nt 30 T ic.
Oats were steady. The market was mainly a
changing one. commission men selling Decem
ber and taking May. Kay closed unchanged at
24c. December closed at 22\c.
Provisions were barely steady, prices being
ofT Just a shade on heavy Hoc receipts and
lower price* for the same. May Pork cloaed
Z4f under yeaterday. Lard a shade down and
May Ribs 24^50 lower. The market was very
dull.
The lending futures ranged as follows:
Article*-: open. Hieh. Low. Close.
heat No. 2—
December 65V «« ' 65>4 65H
"r-irnNo.-^ 7ni * 7C<i 63\ Wii
Corn No.
December 314 314 jm^ JOT*
January 30-4 314 3 r>-^ jot,
M »> B% 33 32S 3JS
Oats No. 2-
December 2iS 224 22^4 22S
M »>' 244 2<^i 24 24
Mess pork, per bbl-
December 7^;, gOO 7 524 7 $74
January 9 4 ;u > 474 940 940
May 9us 9574 •> 524 915
Lard, per ICO !bs—
December 4 574 4SO 4 S7u 4 8714
January sjo 5 j;u 510" [M
iIn >' i 274 I 324 I 274 £31
Short ribs, per 100 !bs-
Decembep 4 $5 4 <fi 4 go 4 824
January 4«4 495 IN 4 &J4
■•I • 510 " RlO 5C5 I 074
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour. I
easy: No. 3 nprlng wheat. 62ff63^c; No. 2 red. j
C.'iffi^c; No. 2 corn 3U4tf3l4c: No. 2 oats.
:3li23"*c: No. 1 white. 25-\c; No. 3 white. 24*;tf
25»ic; No. 2 rye. WUc: No. 2 barley. 3«45/43c;
No. 1 flaxseed. 11 3?*4: prime timothy seed. •
$.' 10fi2 30; mess pork, per barrel. »7 (M? 9 50: |
lard, per W0 pounds. «4 MCJC I" : short ribs sides .
(loose). 14 -a' 15: dry salted shoulders <box»-d».
r.\f(s4c; short clear sides (boxed). $5 13«jr5 25:
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon. •
$1 234. j
Articles— Receipts. Shipments, j
Fl. ur. barrels 2;.CW 16.000 ,
Wheat, bushels KS.OOrt M 000 i
Corn, bushels 2*3.000 2l<; 000 i
Osts. bushels 354.000 330.CCH ;
i Rye. bushels 11.0«) 3.'"»n ■
Barley, bushels i <**> V0.0O) j
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter J
market was strong. Creamery. l>"'i?'.'^.- . dairy.
l«^22c. Cheese, easy; ll'i©l24c. Eggs, steady;
fresh. lie.
Foreign Futures.
• — »
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— I>c. Mar. May.
Opening 5Vi : 5 104 6 IM*
Closing |T% OSS 6 S^i
PARIS.
Wheatr- Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening IT M IS M
Closing ....
Flour-
Opening 23 96 24 85
Closing
* *
Boston Wool Market.
I ♦— *
BOSTON. Nov. 29.— The American Wool and
Cotton Re porter will say to-morrow: [
There Is no abntement In the easement pre- j
viously noted in the wool market. If any- j
thinK It Is more Intensified. There Is a scarcity j
Of domestic wool facing the members of the '
j trade and manufacturer* and there la quite I
j v s. rambling among the former to secure th<? j
I desirable lots that remain. Many local houses
are entirely out of wool and are compelled to
go Into the opMI market again and again In
order to meet the requirements of their busi- |
ness. Many manufacturers are beginning to i
realise hN.> that they are none too heavily '
stocked and they are ready purchasers of wool j
when It is offered to them at anything like a
reasonable price. The foreign markets are j
. as excited and strong as they are her* and |
the London sales opened on Tuesday of this ;
u»«>k at an advance of 13 per cent all around. !
with only 106.00J bales available and active !
; competition.
The sales of the week In Boston amounted
to ia.41J.000 pounds domestic and 502.000 pounds !
foreign, making a total of 15.915.000 pounds, •
j against ■ total of 13.743.000 pounds for the pre- ;
, vlous week and a total of 3.339.5C0 pounds for ;
! the corresponding week last year. Sales since !
January l. 1*99, amount to 327.952.f.7S pounds. '
against 121.»U.510 pounds last year at this time. \
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. SS-CATTI.E-Oood to i
choice cattle firm; decline regained: low grade I
[ unfinished cattle not wanted; Texans active j
and higher; butchers' stork 10$ 15c higher; can- •
| ners strong; poor to medium. 14 Wai 40; mixed j
Btockers. J3fj3 SO; selected feeders, }{ 25^4 75; !
good to choice cows, $.1 T."u4 75; heifers, $2 750? !
6: canner?. $1 7.*»ii ." . bulls. $2 40<a5. calves, $4
iT; f«-d Texas be«ves. J4 308 5 25; grass Texas '.
: steers, S3 2. r .'<»4 25; Western range beeves. |M |
I 6 :.v
HOO6 Fairly sctlve. r.aiOc lower; mixed '•
| and butchers. }3 filiZ -7 >. r0...i to choice '
heavy, $3 :»a3 90; rough heavy. &BQ3 65;
light. $3 SSfjJ 4': bulk of «al. «. $3 6503 SO.
, KHEKP Sheep and lambs steady to strong; i
I prices unchanged; native wethers, )3M' a ic;'
i linil»s. t4fi.'i I 1 ); Western wethers, J4Q-I 40;
■ Western lnmbs. $31?5 S3.
Hecclpts— Cattle, MM; hogs, 39.0 M; sheep,
14,«vi0.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Nov. J9.-Clearlngs. 1273.190;
balances. IM.KL
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON
TACOICA. Nov. ».*- Wheat, club. 50V»e; niue
Stem. I
OREGON
PORTLAND. Nov 2» Wheat, quiet; Walla
Walla, f.2>-; Valley, 52c; Blue Stem. 53c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 29 Consols, 102S: »llver.
27 f. - 1 ftri ; French rentes. MM 37 V*. Wheat car
. - B coast, more Inquiry: cargoes on pas
■act, firmer tendency; No. 1 Standard CaJl
tt* f»\ : I'.tiKllsh country' markets, steady.
UVKRPOOL, N. v ?9 Wheat steady, wheat
in I'.irip. iiul^t: flour In Pans, dull. French
country markt-ts, dull.
■-n Uplanda, 4 «-3M.
I I> 'SINC,
CORN— Spot American mixed (new), quiet, at
!s 44d: do old, 3s 44d. Futures, easy; De
cember. 2* 4\d: January. 3s sV>d.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), dull, at
£3 l«>s/g£4 LOa
WHEAT— Spot steady and unchanged. Fu
tures, steady; December, £.s 7Hd; March, 5s
»%d; May, '« ?sd.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
1 Sterling Exchanße. sixty days.... — }l si"»
Sterling Fx<-hanic#. sight — 4 SAW
Sterling Cables — 4 »:
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Mexican Dollars — 4Si,
Fine. Sliver, per ounce — 591^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Wednesday's recovery win not
maintained and prices fell off again on call. '
Liverpool and Paris were both lower.
The foreign decline depressed Chicago, and
the crowd was bearish and hammered the mar- '
: ket. Receipts, however, decreased and the |
weather turned wet. . The elevator* changed
over from buyers to sellers, though there whs
considerable May wnnted at "De. and the. mar- 1
ket was thought to be. largely oversold. Corn .
was firm, with a good shipping demand
Spot Wheat-Shipping. 9T4^«>s\ic; mining, )
$1 OlU©l 03^
CAM, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4000 ctla
$1074.
Second Pes«lon— May— 34.ooo ctls. $1 OCU; 30 000
$1 '«. 18.MX). $1 («>,. December— 2ooo. S.'Sc; 4000* '
974 c
Regular Morning Session— May— Booo ctla
$106; 22,000. $1004: 10.000. $1 06>». December—
2000. 97«tc
Afternoon Session— May— ctls. $1 0«U.
BARLEY — market continues flat stale
and unprofitable. Prices unchanged
Feed, BQtfS24c for No. 1 and CO^TSc for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades 874« !
S24c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second SeM.ton— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — Business Is dull at the old quotations.
White. $110«Sl SO: Red. $1 07451 20; Gray $107 |
©1174: Black. 974c@$l 074.
CORN All kinds quoted at $1 074©l IS per
ctl: smalt lots n-M up to II 20.
RYE-Quoted at $ltfl 06 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 »o@2 IS per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6033 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40®3 30; Oregon
and Washington, 13 40©3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25*33 40 for bakers and $2 25©3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
F . lou . r -ft? *>«■ 10 lb Rye Flou r. 12 75: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. 17: Cornmeal, 12 50: ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal. $4 25- Oat
Oroats MM; Hominy. $3 25^3 50; Buckwheat
f. lo " r .,,y0*25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina.
J4 60; \\ hole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats
■ barrels). $GOS@G4S; In sacks. $5 85fi6 25; Pearl
100 lbs' * 5; Spllt ** 9# M 6 ° : Green ***'•' ** per
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Rolled Barley Is weaker.
The depression In Hay continues and deaiera
obtain top quotation* only by a squeeze.
Bran la Id heavy receipt and very weak, and
Middlings are also soft.
BRAN— II 4 GOOIC per ton.
MIDDLINGS— II7^IB 50 per ton.
FEEDSTtTFFS-Rolled Barley. $1« 50317 60
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2e&27; Job
bing. 127 604J25; Cocoanut Cake, 12C521; urn
meal. 123 6f>g24 50; Cracked Corn. 124<i1.: Mixed
Feed, Jl? 50®17; Cottonseed Meal. *»> pev ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 l>i- r n\i for common to good and
13 sOljlo for choice; Wheat and Oat, I7fc9; Oat.
$7<5&50; Barley. JS' (! 7; Alfalfa. Ji'uS per ton;
Compressed. |7tflO per ton.
STRAW— 30c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
r>e»ler« in Reana report a dull market at un
changed quntatlons. Bayi's continue to lead in
firninesn.
BEANS— Bayos, 25J/3 50: mmill White, c " M
C 3: URn White. I*4ool 50: Pinks. ft 6552 7S:
Ke Is, 13 75^4; Bla ■,■ . |4 W€< 75; Mutter?,
nominal: Lima, U 9U©-; Tea, 13&3 25; Red Kid
neys. 13 M per i tl
SEEDS— brown Mustard. 2'aV~r. Yellow Mus
tard. 4(&4'^c: Flax. 12 12V4: Canary. 3%c per Ib
for California and 4c- for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7©
?c; Rape. 2^jQ3c; Hemp, 4'<j4'.,c; Timothy.
4^4Uc.
PRIED PEAS— Xlles, $136^150; Green. 1173
if 1 to per ctl.
Potatoes, Onion* and Vegetables.
There la no change worthy of note in any
thing. Supplies of all kinds are ample.
POTATOES— River R•fd^. •sfMc; Hurbankf.
sn.^6> per ctl; -•Unas Burbanks. 11-8123; Ore
gon Hurhnnks. BSc49SI 1'!: Swe<-t Potatoes. 75®
B:.c for River,, and Va\ 13 for Merced.
ONlONS— loctjii per . tl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, s©lOc per lh;
String Beans, j fRc; Cabbage. 40©50 c; Tomaf«,
U*s23c: Ix>s Angeles Tomatoes. II; Kgg Plant
from Los Angeles. . Dried Okra. 12>,<- per
lh: Garlic. 3"54p: Green Peppers. 4'i?»*>c;
Dried Peppers. l4fl0c; Carrots. 30<if4fk: per nark:
Cucumbent, 2SQiOc; Los Angeles Summer
Squash. TV'jii per box; Marrowfat Squash, 112
5? 15 per ton; Mushroom*. 10011 c per 1b for
choice and b4l*c for poor.
Poultry and Came.
The market wa* overstocked with small and |
poor Turkey*, which had to go low. In the J
morning good stock was Arm at 16#lSc. but In '
the afternoon the same stork had declined to
lr.'ulTc, orting to the large supplies of Interior J
birds. Thin poor stock was hold at anything
It would hrihg—isay at ISOttc, and »** freely
offered to |*-.lilWs at these figures. The mar
ket an a whole was better supplied with Tur
keys than for several years. Live Turkeys
were neglected, as usual the day before
Thanksgiving, and there was no demand for
other I'oultry.
Game was dull and weak, as, Turkeys had
the call.
I*OULTRY— Live Turkeys. V: 4 '.-■•• for Gob
blers ami 12015 c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
ii-,g!.' '. Ueeee, per pair. M ''■■a.. Goslings. ,
II 7J'(i2; lnjcks. 14 if 4 50 for old and li'orS for
young; Hens, $4"? i.'.. Young Roosters. Si 5(V?j5;
Old Roosters. I4'a4 50; Fryeis. 0 2004; Broilers.
J". 'J-iii for large. $3ifjS.'.O for small; Pigeons. 11.
j»-r dozen for old unit )1 ~'o: for Squalis. |
GAME— Quail. 11 50©2: Mallard, $.".'i«. Can- ■
rasback. |Mi 7; Sprig. $2 504? 3; Teal. II ■. BO;
Widgeon. J'"'i: 2.'>; Small Muck. $1 50<jjl 75;
Doves. ::.. per dozen; Hare. II 25'fil SO; Rab-
Mts. II 75; Gray Geese. |3 5034: White. $1 2"i«
1 50; Hrant. 1263; Kiiklls.li Snipe, |i 30 per
dozen; Jack Snipe, $1.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
Ranch Ekes were a shade lower again, as
dealers looked for a marked decline after j
Thanksgiving, and were disposed to let go.
Receipts were considerably lnrger.
Butter and Cheese showed no change what
ever.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamerj't 23ft26c; seconds, '
22 fi 24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 22'iQ23c; good to choice. 21 '« :
22c; common. 20c.
Pickled roll ZI932HCJ firkin. : lie; crenmery
tub. 21"u21c.
Kantern lT^lS^ for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ;.".,i?',. old.
ll'jc; Young America. i:4*il3c; Kastert: 15'.^
:.- Wruterti. 13U<i l.- i--r 11.
EGGS— Quoted at ZSOSOc for common and 42 '
©43c prr dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold nor- \
H*e. ISOUc for firsts and ISC for aecon-Js. fre^n,
"3 'il'jc per doz.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Th«» market was well stocked with Grapes,
which were not In much dernnnd.
Oranges continued quiet at the old quota
tions.
Terslmmons were in large supply and lower.
DECIUI <il . FRUITS—
Apples. SS6Ue per box for common. T.cii Jl for
good nnd $1 2591 75 for choice; Lady Apples,
K'u 2: ' l>er box.
BERRIES Strnwberrles. per chest for
■ mall and $1 r^»'u4 for large berries; Raspberries.
$ ■•; ; ; •■! chest; Blackberries, — — ; Cape Co<"
Crnnberrles. I*iii9 50; Coos Bay Cranberries.
II Mfll 75 p*^ l>ox.
Peislmm^nii. ST. rj " ■■< ■ i~t box.
Grapes, 3.'.4iK',c- per 'X. crates. S(V3SSc.
Wlntfr 1 • ..is. M .ill 71. per box.
Quince*. 4' ■'>»?■<• per box.
CITRUS Fi.rrT.- Navel Oranges, »:•;" 25 per
box: Seedlings. $15092; Pomelos. $] sO'tf3;
Lemons, 1161 ■" for common and 1213 50
for gocd to choice; Mexican I,lmc». tz .vg
4 60; Bananas II So@3 per bunch; Pineapples, JL
02 50 per dos.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Almonds and Walnuts arc weaker, the former
especially. iir"! prices are off. with a Flower
demand. There are more Almonds offering.
Dili ED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4»;c for
40-Su's. 4V»#4«*e for ."•O-60's. 3*; c for 60-70" s. 34c
for 70-SO's. .:• for 10-»'s an : 2*ic for !X)-10O's.
Apricots. 11© 13c for Royal*. 124fti6c for Moor
parks and i:"al4c for Blenheims; Peaches, ;. t j
BHe for Standards. 6©64 c for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches. 124015 c: Evaporated
Apples. : i7\. . Sun-dried. "'■j.' 1 1 c per lb; Nec
taiin.h, »',-.■.'<• per 11) for red, Pears. 64ft$c for
quarters and S'u l<'<- for halve*; Hlack Figs. 3«
34c: White Figs. 4 '#»;••; Bleached Plum*, BJj»c-
Unbleached Plums. 7f74c for pitted and 14c
for unfitted.
lIAIMNS Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c: choice, 9c; standard. Re; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's. p«r lb. £<•. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, Sic; choice. 71,,- standard. 64c;
prime. Ie; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. Be; 2- Town loose Muscatels, 54c;
3-crown, 6*-ic; 4-crown, 7c: !>->nd...-i Layers.
2-rrowit. SI M per box; 3-crown. SI 60. Fancy
Clusters. 12: Dohesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. R©i;^c: Walnut". 9ft9Uc
for standards and lOuiOHe for .- .ft shell Al
monda, M4c for paper-shell, *Va%- for soft
and '■< f"r hardshell; Peanuts. 5-\'s6*ic for
Eastern and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts,
"41iSo: Filberts. 114612 c; Pecans. 10911 c;
Coroawits, |4 y<tZ.
HONEY — 'iimb. 114*?>2e for bright and 104®
11.- lor iUhi amber; water white extracted. '74
fifcc; light urnbvr extracted. 6*«tf7c; dark. 5Uc
per lb.
BEESWAX- :41t?O per lh.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9«{c per lb for
heavy. I»\ic for light medium. 104 c for light.
12',jc for extra Ilcht and 13c for *ugar-cnred-
Eastern Miw.r-cured Hams. 124 c; California
Hams, nominal Mm Beef. $12 per tit.;, extra
Mess. $13; Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50
extra clear. $17 50: Mess. $16 50; Smoked Be«f,
14?rl*'ie ;»?r lb /
I..»Rl>— quoted at 64e per lb tot
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7!4c: II It. tins. Ie: 6-lb tins. S';e.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 75457% c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Cull!. and brands nell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
I*.-.1 *.-. m»dlum. lOHc; llpht. iOc; Cowhides, 100
lOHc; Stars. Ie; Salted Kip. 10c; Calf. 10c-
Dry Hides, sound. I"-; culls- and brands
14c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16.-; Dry Calf, I**
19c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 2<!©3sc each; «hort
Wool. 25ftC0c each: medium. 7C#9Oc: lone Wool
lift I .'.' each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 10 for large
and $1&1 10 for small: Colts. £oc.
tai-low-Xo. 1 rendered. 0c per ib; No Z
*V,e: refined. «He; grease. 2'jc. ' "
We 11 »L
Fall clip, San Joaijuln plains. S^OUc; South
ern. BQl3c; Middle County. 109124 c; Huraboldt
and Mendoclno. l.VfflCc; Eastern Oregon. tt'tflic-
Valley Oregon. Ut?l«c: Northern Mountain'
free, lift 13c; Northern Mountain, defective lOii
Uc per lb. '
HiTS— per lb.
Son Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7©74c per lb for Steers and «'i(S7c
for Cows. .
VEAL— SeiOc per 11».
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c; ewes. 6Hc per lb
LAMB-SfiSHc per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. j%'it:,\c for small. Kfl
B%ic for medium and VjtJKc for large- stock
Hogs and feeders. sVgc; dremed Hogs 7©S4c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta, Gniln Bac». 727'ic \Vn«i
Bar*. 28ff30c: Fruit Bats. fie. C^c and «»: c for
the three grades of white and THe for bleached
Jute
BALK ROPE— Manila. H4f?l3c per Ib
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welllnr
ton. IS: Southfield Wellington. IT SO: Seattle is-
Bryant. 16: Coos Bay. S3; WalUend. JS- Scotch'
; Cumberland. $9 75 In bulk and 111 fi in
nocks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Kkb $13- Can
*& l ti l i 0 ,r P^.L on: .,? o ** s P rin " «nd Castle
C.ate. $11 25: Coke. $13 per ton In bulk ana Jli
in ascics.
BUGAIt-The Western Pupar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb baits-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5«4c- I'ow
dered. 5«» c: Candy Granulated. le: Dry C.mnu
taui.«%e; Confectioners* A. 4!ic: California a
— -:,, « no1 ", A - * l -> r - Extra c. <He: Golden
C. 4«ic: barrels. l-l« c more: half-barrels v."
more; boxes He more; 60-lb ba K s. * c more.
No order take* tor Uss than 75 barrels or Its
! equivalent. Dominoes, half -barrels. 5Sc; boxes I
s;»c per Ih.
CEMENT— h,,.. declined 25c per barrel owing 1
to an accumulation of stocks.
NUT OIL— Is higher at 6Oti63c per gallon
TIN PLATE— Is lower at 3vf»22c per ib
WHITE PEPPER :• higher at BMe Mr lb
BROOMS— Have again advanced and are now
$1 per dozen over old rates.
EODA-Soda Ash is hlKher at $1 70. and Cali
fornia Sal Soda Is le higher.
Receipts of Produce.
Flour qr sks 2S.3O4!Hay. tons 51$
Wheat, 'tis 30,445 Straw, tons oj
Barley, etls 2>.49rHnps. bales 10.1
Oats, ctls 220: Wool, bags 30
Corn. East. ctls... COO Leather, rolls .... tf>
Butter, ctls 2ti Wme. gah< ... n,l£o
< •n<-e«.-. ctls 199 Brandy, cats ■■ 4 ..
Tallow, culs ■-•! I Rail tmxes 4,^'
Beans, *;<• VSSt Sugar, bbli 3.V>
Potatoes, sks ... 1,(19 Pelts. Wls l.« 13
Onion", sks fit. Hldos. No ;7.^
Brwn. sks STi r*ir«. dozen 12.0.M
MlddllnßS. i<ks .... I.SOC Powder, car 1
Flax, sks Ml Quicksilver, flasks 25
Sugar, sks 1.200
OREGON.
Flour! qr sks 5,400 Bran, sks SU
Oats, ctls 530
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 2,0n0 ißran. sks 3.350 '
THE STOCK MARKET
Securities were feature leu* on the morning I
session of the Bond Exchange. Bank of Cali
fornia sold up to $400.
In the afternoon Ga* & Electric sold flown to '
$;, other changes being insignificant. There
; were a number of transactions In Alaska i
Packer*' ill $11*011* SO.
The Occidental Mining Company has levied
an a-sefsm^nt <>f .'. «-nts.
Beginning December 1 the Producers' Oil
Exchange will bold its afternoon session at 2
o'clock lndtead of ] v heretofore.
The following local Incorporations paid divi
dends during the past month:
Per snare. Amount.
Central Gaslight Co $1 (X) $20,000
Central Light and Power 05 3.100
Gas Consumers' Ass n IS 2.025
Mutual Electric OS 1.043
Oakland ' (as Co 25 7,."A>
Pacific C.as Imp. C 0.... 4" 12. 50U |
Pacific UiMitln* Co 3.". 7.000
S. F. On* an.l Electric 12 54.503
Contra Costa Water Co 40 19.610
Pan Jose Water 50 4.241 !
SprlnK Valley Water 42 U.WM
California Street Cable JO 5.C00
Oakland G. I. A 11. Ry 20 l.*M
j Presidio Railway 10 -J.CAI
I Ala«ka Packer*' Ass'n 7S 35.r00
I Hutchtnson Plantation 25 25.WV,
Mann Plantation CO !.'..> <*.i
Honnkaa Sugar 35 3.'..fi00
Kllai Su,;nr 25 lO.fW
Makawell Sugar SO 17.407:
«'ri"t!i»»n Sugar 35 11.500 i
Paaubau Sugar SS 35.000
Callfnrnia Powder 1 no 15.000
I Giant Powder CO JO 10/iflO
I Pacific Telephone 40 13.100
Sunset Telephrne J5 "\:M
Oceanic St'-am^hlp f0 12.W
, <';iiir. rnla Cotte-n Mills 100 «,..-.
ParlflV A. F. Co Of, 1 ';- 1
Argonaut Mining CO 10 20.000
Gwtn Mining Co 23 s*<v>
Hr.mestnlo* .Minlrer Co SO 10.*' tm
North Star 2.". lf\ t*»
Pennsylvania Mining Co 20 io jnn
Standard Con. Mlnlnir C 0.... 10 17>39
Yellow Aster Mlnlrv,- Co 10 10.000
Total *fit".fl2l
A summary of the dividend! for November
compares a* follows:
I<**. 1«99.
Oa« $11fi,27- $110,277
Water < 74.241 82.«. V.
Street railway IV/-0 7. M0 I
Powder 25.000
I Siirnr 2."..V0 IS4 M 7 !
Fish M.OM S«.«V)
, Telephone 20.700 20.700
Mlnlnii 13.'..<r7~ 215.133
Mlscellan»-ou9 10.2.V) ' 19,750
Total !«27.Mt !•• ..
STOCK AND HOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, ts'ov. ?»-2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.j Bid.Ask.
D I Bonds— I Eqult G L Co. 64 «
4» quar coup.. — — i Mutual El • '■>. 14»» \r,
4i> quar re*.... — — Oft L A H.... 43 41';
4s quar new... — — j Par Gas Imp.. M 574
3* qua- coup...lOSVi — j I'ac Light Co. 404 414
1 Miscellaneous— ■ V<: I E.... —* 57
1 Cal-st Cab ss. 1174 — San Francisco. 34 —
C C Wat r.»....1ft5»4 — ! Stockton Gas.. 12 —
I Ed LAP* — I Insurance—
r A Cl Ry «s.H3 — ! Flrem's Fund.22o — I
Geary-it H ss. — 95 ■ Hank Stocks— j
II C I S s'js.llO — ;Aniclo-Cal (5 _
L A Ry la — 10« Rank of Ca1...4V) 40.".
L A l. Co '*.. M — CaJ 8D a T.. 9«4 »7
Do gntd «*.. 99 — Kirst Nat10n1..233 2.V) I
DO Kntd r.s.. — 101 I»n PA- A. ...12941314 '
I. AAP It 55.104 — ' Merchnts' Ex. - W" t
Mnrk»t-st 65.. .125»i — Nev Nat 8k...1W 20:',
Do Ist M r.s.ll7'i — I Savings Banks- i
INcN Qlt 75.U2 — Or S * i^....i:is — i
N l: of <» ■ - 111 — ilium .- A 1....1C.0 1160 I
N Rof Cal Ss.US-HlU'.i'Mut Say Ilk.. 39 45
N PC R R fis.K2', — S F Say U... 500 —
NPCHIt 5* \ff7\ — Say & L, So.. — 80 i
N Cal R R ES.II2H — >^t- Ray 1»k... — 310
O<; LA M ss. — — Union T C 0... 14 Id 1440
Oak Tran (><■.. .112 113 Street Railroads-
Oak WCo 65. .113 — California ... 119 125
Ocean S S Co.. — 110 Geary 60 — 1
Om CRy Cs...ll«'il2S Mark* m 62H «2U
P*Cl Ry 65..10S IN Oak SLA H. — to
Pk * O Rj 6s. 115 — Presidio — 30
Powell-st R ** — 123 I Powder—
Sac El G *Rss — — California .... 1«5 — 1
RFft N P .'5.115 — X Dynamite... 85 — |
SF & SJV :s.li:>4 — Giant Con Co. 93* i 94
HRy of Cal 6s.lo<»i« — Vigortt 3', 34
BPof Ala ...11241134! Sugar—
BPC !•<]»••>. — 111 Hana P C 0.... » — I
S »■ C ImIMS).111 — illaw C&S Co .■',:•.!
S P C latltll) P.-'* — IHonokaa s Co. SJ», —
! sPCIa eg "- — - i Hutch S P Co. 27^« —
B (• Hr .- i:34 - I Kllauea S Co.. — 2:4 i
S V Wte C.« 111* — Milkaweli SCo — 4.'.U
8 V Wat 4« 103 li>34jOnomea BCo M —
S V 4-«<3.im> I'M V- Paauhau I Co. 32 — I
• Stkton Gas 6*. -- — Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— A: Pack Assn.US mv;
Contra Costa.. Vo\ 77 Mrr Ex Assn.. — mo
Marln County.. 50 — 'Oceanic 8 Co.. 934 »S
Spring Valley.. — 96»; : '"»'■ A F A.... 14 -
.;>,- and Electric— 1 I'ac C Hor CO.MI —
Cent Gas C 0... — — i Par Paint Co.. SH — i
Cent L & 1... — 1 '
M iratag Session.
Board—
7 Ttank of California 410 fin
30 Contra Costa Water 77 25
100 Hnnokaa 8 Co 33 «24
-. Hutrhlnson ■ P Co 27 374
28 Makawell 43 00
25 Market Street Railway «2 25
$5000 Miirket-st Ry Con '• 117 M
•35 S F Gas 1 Electric •' 1 57 50
5 S V Water M 75 i
•KKO S V 4s <3d Mortgage) 101 75
100 Vigor! t Powder 320 '
Street—
110,000 Mark»t-st R R Con 5s 117 jo
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn Iff f.i
'. Ahi-ka Parkers' Assn lit 12U I
':'< Alaska Packers' Assn US 10
60 Alaska Packers' Assn US 25
5 Contra Costn Water 77 371'
110 Contra Costa Water 77 00 i
150 Giant Powder Con. s 30 S3 5711
3S (Jlant Powder Con 94 no '
«0 Giant Powder Con 93 *7'«
25 Hawaiian 1 "oml A Sugar KM
20 Market Street Railway ni
J4COO Oakland Gas Bonds 10* co
70 Paauhau S P Co 3; no
5 S f Oas li- Electric Co 57 no
10 S V Water " 54 75
Street—
$5000 Northern Rv of Cal 6s 11l 10 '
230 Pacific Aux Fire Alarm 1 #hl
$1000 S F A ■ 1 v Bonds ....m 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
HOARD.
! Homing Hesslon.
Board—
; JSOOO Contra Costa Water 5* 109 00
1 150 Equitable Gas 573
20 Giant Powder Con \ '.'.'.'.'.'. 93 574
IS Giant Powder Con ---•-•• .-1
20 Oakland Gas ?J~ 44 ;;
10 .unwell Sugar Co ...'...'.'.'... 4; 1.1
'Ji Punuhau Sugar Co "" 3200
It B F Gas & Electric Co ' 57 374
$ICOO S P Ry of Arizona 113 00
5 s V Water •* v> |
J10(»tS V Water 6 ■ .. 114 25 i
JOO- vie. rit Powder .'..'.... 323 |
Aft»rnoon Session. I 1
Board— - f
20 Contra Costa a t«r 77 50
$5000 Contra Costa Water Sa 109 00 '
tO Honokaa Su^ar Co 33 50
10 Paauhau Stirar Co 32 w)
10 s r Has & Electric Co S7 374
15 B F Gas a Electric Co 57 50
2iX) Vlgorlt Powder . 3 ;-,
Kh) Vigortt Powder 3 124
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. 1 j
Morning Session. 1
Board—
223 Dominion 40 ; 1
225 minion 45 1
1-10 Home Oil ISO 00 I
100 New Hope 1 CJ
Afternoon Session. ;
Board- 1
2 Blue Goose 30 00 !
20«» Buckhorn. b SO 4 2T."
fcOO Dominion » 4?
300 Dominion 45
100 New Hope 1 00
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 100
ICO San Luis 5 J7'i
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
■ Morning Session.
Board—
lOOTIdnI Wave 2 4,
100 Tidal Wave 2 25
1'" Barker Ranch 1 1
3W) Century Oil Co ! ,„,
200 Anaconda OU Co '. lit
100 Anaronda Otl Co j --,
1 Duquesne Oil Co j... -5- fa
250 ikon Crude Oil Co ~ »
50 Yukon Crude Oil Co 2 35
50 Yukon Crude Oil Co 2 «>
Afternoon Session.
Board—
lf!0 Tidal Wave 3 3
V'> Tidal Wave - *>
100 Buckhorn Oil A T Co. b »> * »
100 Eagle W
1W Anaronda Otl — I '•"•
100 Anaccnda Oil ' - n
V*\ Yukon CriKie Oil J
ICO Yukon Crude Oil " *»
Street—
lfiol f io Shamrock Oil 1 00
SOO Oakland Oil A Gas O> 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales at the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
Wo Alpha Con 04 2CO G .u!d A Curry. 1>
lrol r 0 Be«t & Belcher. 4.V 100 Mexican U
I>^ Caledonia «1' im Overman M
CACon •"hi * V»..l S.V \M Potosl ?»
2»0 Con Cal A V 3..1 so; 2i;o Sierra Nev *4
Afternoon Session.
sfiO Alpha 0.1 2*o Justice f>
If" 1 *) Be«t A Belcher. 47 T> Mexican nft
110 Bullion i>; ;r« ophlr 1?)
:«) Taledonla G> 40» Ojihlr 1 £".
Z>»i Cm <'al A Va. 1 93 ■_•>*> p. » -1 Z>
450 «;on Cal a Va..l y). ?)0 Sierra Neva . 45
1^) Confidence ul CO L'nlun Con A
ttO Gould & Curry. 13
Following were the sales at the PactC Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
TOO nest * Belcher. «S 2^o Justice f9
-™ Best * nelcher. « 1«M» Mexican "J
B*st A Belcher. 47 .VflOiihtr 1 l~>' j
•-•••• <alf-lonli :.* :m mion Con ...;.37' t
3..0 <' C & Va 1 -241 £i», rnton Con 3%
1350 lon Cal A Va.l SV 3no Union Con V. *
-OOCCtVa 1 874 ! JM Yellow Jacket.. »)
VA Crown Point ..,2.*
Afternoon Session.
?* AIt * 91 Sflrt. /ustlcw M
-* f | >:•■- ]« 4W Mexican 4T
S"'i An ' I*'"1 *'" U *•' Mexican \m
V*> Ke»t * Helrher. 4« VA Ophlr . .1 224
, 61 '^ B*«t A Hei-her. 4T 7W> Union Coii i 5
><22 SO. '"' * Vm - 1 M w > pierr * N'vada.. 43
.r« U C .t -' J >r » - 110 Nevada.. 4«
Ml Halt * r«-n-.r «-n-. »»: Too Unton Con .... 30
300 Hale A NVr.... 421
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. ». 2 p. a
Hid. Ask. 1 it, 1 Ask
I A Pha 03 04 Kratneh 01 oi
I Alt * ,« WHjidy Washgtn. — M
1 Andea 14 15' Mexican 5S .%7
Belcher o",w" a ** «^«'Mental 12 IS
I Be»t A Belcher 4« 47 Ophlr 111 1 -»»
bullion, •* M overman '.'. 17 W
' ale<lonla V) 61 PotnM 2» 23
«;»»■! ia r - ™:: Ha%age :: A 1;
Imi< on 23 25 S<-orplon ftj —
».'onfldence .... m X, Keg Beirher.... 04 M
cc A Va IK,I 90 Sierra Nev 41 4.-,
Con Imperial... 01 « Silver Hill <vj —
Crown Point... 21 2; 81 Louis — (4
Exchequer — 02lstan<1a-d 2»02 H5
Gould A Curry. 1» _ c«
Hale A Nor .... 42 43 Union Con 37 3^
Julia — 02lft.ih •) n
Justice 09 10 Yellow Jnrket. 1« IJ
Notice to Mariners,
NOONDAY ROCK. CALIFORNIA
Th» o*ll buoy imported adrift forty-fly» mttmt
*f»t of Point K*y*a Is probably from Noon
day Ro<*k: If • • It wll! t<• r-i l.i. •-! at r>...
earliest date rrart liable. In :he meantinm i
iiaviKatom nhould — «rtr»-rr.*:> rautlnua In ■»;
proachlr.K the vicinity of thli rnrk. whlrh !;• .
hidden with nothing to In. II ite IU position.
By order of the J.U'ith-.u-" IJnard.
17. SKHKKE.
Commander. I*. S. N . Insrector Twelfth IJjfht
fiouse District.
Time
Branch Hydro«raphic Office, U. 8. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
November 29, 1*"
The time ball on the tnwer of the new Ferry
building was dropped st exactly noon to-<lay—
I. •> at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. a CALKIN*.
lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and 1
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur »t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Polr.t;
the height of tide 11 the same at both places.
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 30.
Sun rises ?:*<?
Sun sets 4 ' )
Moon rises '• "•> a. r.i.
H I rim* ,Tlra»| | flm«, .'—.•
• Ft. ■- 1 Ft. I Ft. | 7*.
• lw| |H w| i* w| h «
» ... 2:1« 1.1 S:4«| 5.9 3:47 — 9.z\ 10:Sl| 4.9
1 ... 1:00 2.) »:20 «.0 4:» -O.« U:40l 4.9
I ... 8:10 3.1 10:00 «.l B:ll|— 1.0
II \V IL. \V| H Wl L. W
S ... 0:M-4l 4r, 3.2 i 10:44 (.3 S.:«-M
4 ... 11l 4.7 6:* l 3.2 11:30 «.l «;4l|— 1.3
i ... I:0O| 4.» «:2« 3.1 12:20-5.9 T:23J-1.9
• ... 2:4 C 5.3. 7:30 3.0 1:17 5.7 l:» -0.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ar* given In th« I«ft
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives th» second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld*
and the last or right hand column kU-< th*
last tide of the day. except when there arc but
three tides,, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the aoundlnga on th<»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height,
and then the number given la subtract*' from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Moicmcnts.
TO ARRIVE.
St*arn#r. I From. r •
___^_ ■ '
K. Thompson... lOmox Not. tt
Miami 'Newport .....(Nov. V%
Coos Bay Newport Sot.i>
J»anl« ;B«attl» Nor. X)
San Bias Panama Not. I)
Point Arena.... Point Ar»na Nor. It
Ilobt. Adamson Nanalmo Nov. J.>
Nowburr .......|0 Harbor Not. Xt
<" qallli River.. lOrays Harbor No*. 3>
Costa Rlra ■■- fArapulco N.v : »
San Pedro Ham I Nov. J>
Aberdeen . Portland Nor. *)
fltate of Cat Portland !>.■•-. i
Portland ... Portland Dee. l
Alice Blanchard Coos nay l*c. 1
Kmplre Coos Day ll>w. I
Hnm^r Coos nay Ota. 1
Arcat* Coos Hay T>*c. I
Corona S«n DUro.. "* c - 3
Coptic China and Japan D*c. 2
t*r*»c*nt City... ' ra« -• City D»c. 3
I>»1 Sort* Cr**c*nt City \V*c. 2
Aloha ...JTlllanw* Pec. X
I.nkn.-' U*UK»t Sound \Drr. 3
Walla Wa11a.. .. | Victoria * IMitft Sound. l*e. i
Mackinaw !f f ' att ....... 3
Pomona HumboMt p*c. S
W,»»ht^naw •••• ! 7"^ onl *v. s^' *
w^ott M 11 " 1 !! 0 1 1 Rr*- 3
Samoa HnmhoMt D*c. 4
Honlta Newport P-e. «
Willamette '.Seattle V*f. 4
South Portland. T.voma rvc. 4
North Fork Humboldt p*«. f
Australia ... Honolulu r*e. S
Alliance I?"*?" Portl ***• •
Snnta Rooa 'Han ■•<■ p^c. 4
Columbia ■ "Portland Dec. «
Albion Tlllamoolt D*c. <
t'matllla -. Victoria * PujrK SoundTVr. %
Han Jose. Panama 'Dec. %
To SAIL
Strainer. {Destination. Sailr
"" | I
Santa Rosa. Pan Diego Nov. Jo. it am P>r 11
Pomona. ....IHumboldt Nov. jo. 2 pro Pier •»
North Fork Humbntdt Nov. 3d. 12 m Pl»r 3
Coo» Bay... Newport . Dec. 2. t«mPirrl)
Qu««-n Vie A Put Sd. Dec. I. lOamiPier »
It Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 2. 2 pm, Pier 2
Cleveland .. Pn«-t S*ound.. D*c. 2. 10 am Pier t
• 'oqulll* Rv tJruv* Harbor Dec. 2. 5 , m
Newburg <!ray< Harbor Dee. 2. spm
>>lKian Ke|Chtnal: .(.i|>an !■• 2. Ipm Pter *
Aberdeen . Portland Dec. J. 6pm
Arcata (Coox nay Dec. 3, 10am'P!»r II
Homer .Oregon Portf . Dec. 3, If) ami Pier 5)
Btateof Ca l Portland D*c. I. 10 amlPter I»
Corona lHan IM»no Dec. 4. 11 am Pl-r It
Wecott .. Hunib.il.lt Dec. 4. 2pm'Ptern
On B«n| China A Japan' Dec. 5. Ipm PMSS
Bonita 'Newport |D>>c. C. Sam l"l»r 11
Samoa .... Humboldt |DtC. *. l')am,Pler I
Curacao I Mexico "Dec. 7. Warn Pier •
Wall* Wall Vie * Pjrt Sd.'D^-. 7. V* ampler ♦
Albion Tili-11: !Dec. ». Jpm Pl-r I
San P»las...!Panam.i Dec. ». 12 nIPUM
("olumbl.T Portia (Deo. 9. 1> am I'ler :i
Skipping In
ARni
J^ hour» fr m
■boro
Stmr Un Duncan. Nopan<i«r. 17 hours from
Mcm« Landing
Nor iimr Tel!u». P*d«ra*n. 113 houn from D«- ▼"
tmnvirt- Day.
Continued on Page Eleven.NEWS
OF THE
BAY CITIES.
CUT HIS HAIR
AT THE POINT
OF A PISTOL
Startling Experience
of Frank Bexan.
FRANk Kr\W
AL.AMEPA, Nov. 29.— Frank Bexan. an
A'.urr !i barber, experienced the start
ling tcr.satlon of cutting a little boy's hair
while the boy's mother held a revolver at
his bead, threatening every moment to
tricot If the work <JM not satisfy her.
Bexan keeps his shop on AJamcda ave
nue. u*-ar Park t-trect. and he was work
ing away industriously this afternoon
: !.:: the Alameda head of hair or
set aping the Aiameda. chin, as might suit
the Alameda netd», whin a young woman
<ntercd with a child of about eevtn years.
There was nothing unusual about the
woman, who was modestly dressed and
ttry pretty. But before liexan finished
I [■ latest Job he lound that he had never
t-cfore come across each a customer a.s
t-he proved to be.
••y..ur t^rn next, little i m." said Bexan
cheerily, as lie lifted the little fellow up
•:.:.• the big chair and tucked the aprons
uround him.
••I».> y<-u want his hair cut any special
way?" hp r> turning to the young
mother.
•'I've had n gr^at deal of trouble with
hi* hair." paid the woman, "and 1 want
'.t cut just ri^ht."
••] *>:»«>« - -wT hair just right," replied
Bexan with a little natural pride.
! think that you will do it Just right."
f-..id :!,•■ -a- man. ar.d there was something"
■ ••.; hallo 5n her manner that Bexan
, k. •! up from his work.
As the barber raided his eyes to the
■ in « face be looked down the barrel
i : :i cocked revolver that the woman had
pointed t-quarely at his head.
'I've tried overy barber in Alameda and
t;on* «t them have done it right, and Jf
>• •••'. don't cut !t properly I'll shoot."
This was not a very pleasant «"xperienr».
I'Ut Mex;>n t'rcs«rv«d hiss composure and
tr.^; : i look happy while lie swung the
i-ci*«r>r* OV#r the litile boy's head.
"Don't you think that you might like to
try Him* other *hop?" sup«rr*ted Beran
\i •;'.'. .i \*.rw * '-reaping possible conse
• •" s.
N.. thank you. I think that w*» will
May here and •wr will nave th* best hair
H f> hf hai I'm not fooling."
'"• xan wnrkM away with the revol- !
ver pointed at Ij!s n<ad. The barber Is
r.< tv wondrrlnu how It was that he got
th<» '■..?'« hair straight under thos* trying
i^'rcumstancrs. and how it was that there
wre r." raeced ends, but despite the try
ing conditions he complete.! a Job that
*v*t; Jh* 1 reviver critic admitted Tvn« sat
■ rv. Th«-n th* woman put up her
• r -ir.d took her little boy away.
'Arrrrt fc«»r?" gasped Bexan. "I wns
V too dart to pr>t her out of the shop.
fhTe hnve tv««n too many m^n shot by
vnmfn !n Alnm<«la. atvl 1 w;is glad that
<■• vont. I «?«n'f know who she • is, and
• • want to."
RICH MAN'S SON
FOUND DEAD IN
AN ALLEYWAY
Williarr.Van Bergen's
Strange E d.
POCKETS HAD BEEN RIFLED
♦
NO INDICATION'S OF VIOLENCE
ON HIS PERSON.
Well -Known Liquor Merchant's
>:ay Have Be«n Drugged or
Succumbed to Disease and
Then Been "Rolled."
Herran. I -v th»
; ■ • •
Van
. ■
Butt*
T»*rhelner found the
• >tine<l
•■n iti
■
■
p '■
■
I
■
GOBBLERS TO APPEAR
ON HUMBLE BOARDS
' Through the efforts of the Lady Boun
tlfuis of the Fruit and Flower Mission
every dotitute family deserving it will
re-ceive to-day a Thanksgiving hamper.
And ttuse have been ftocked with no
hparing J-..ind. Each family of over two
member* will reeolv*- an immense turkey,
nnd not only the Thanksgiving bird will
fcrace the festive boards but he will be
Hanked with all the etceteras which «r<r
bis on more aristocratic tables th«i the
"Fruit and Flower" gobblers are dw«tlr.«d
tor. I'iumji plum puddings and deadly
mince pies p^ep '.hroush layers of crisp.
cool er'ery. and rosy cheokt-d apples and
ffoldcn pumpkin* lurk in corners. While
thei <irijervlng poor i* jrarnl*hlng hJs inner
ir.nr. his «sthctlc sens* will also he ca
tered to. for on the top of each hamper
(§j)&[fl[lA!^O)
WINFRED CURTIS
ESTATE HAS ALL
BUT VANISHED
Revelation to Only
Son and Heir.
Oakland OftV* Pan Frar.oisrn Call.
•way. N'r
A irlnwin* example of the mystic evap
oration of estates through public admin
istration Is afforded by the 110.000 estate
Jeft by Wlnfred Curtis, ■ bo tiled in this
city nine years ago.
..irth has JuM hand
ril.utlon. by tho
:i and
•••■•■•
• at Is lefr
When Mrs. Curtis' will was "•••■■
probate shortly after her death In V&b It
«a! fouii'l that hhe had bo<j\jeath«-d all of
her estate to a Catholic church, and the
son Immediately commenced a contest and
succeeded In breaking the will. But the
matter did not end there, for when the
sr.n was about to dlspore of • part of th«
property located on Seventh strett. near
Washington, for something; 111 SSO-X) the
point was raised that the property be
lonjjed to the estate of Curtis" father and
not to the mother. Judge Greene at the
time denied a petition to sell the property
until the real ownership could be deter
mined.
About this time the then Public Admin
istrator. James Stanley, undertook to set
tle up the estate, and it is said he found
It necessary to expend considerable of his
own money In administering It. Since
then several sets of appraisers have been
appointed, and discharged and last March
Stanley, on petition, was authorized to
pell property of the estate on Railroad
avenue, near I'nion Ftroet, to defray ex
pensos aggregating $3133 24. of which
f\2si 43 was for repairs, water bills, etc.;
J642 for expense of last Illness, burial, etc.
Moreover, the administrator recited that
there would be about $.".'5 60 additional
future expense.
In June the property was sold, and last
month Curtis hail Stanley cited to compel
him to render linal account. Stanley. In
a report lslfd subsequently, showed that :
from the sale he received $?'». ar.d "by [
cash from r»lng*»e, as per statement. $21 8.->.
total $1011 N>; that he had paid out of re- i
cent dHto 51 Ti"> for recoraiß? decree of j
sale. lI.S for appraiser's new appraisement, !
J3 for notary fees, new nppmi«*rr>ent; war
tax stamp on deed. SI: advertising notice:
of sale and order to show cause. J2<> 50. '
OctoWr 24. 1599; and on October 31. pay- i
ment sum du<* administrator as per order !
fettliiig supplemental account as per ;
statement dated IVrember 5. l s^^: and at- '
torney fees ST.". total $iUS 9*5. leaving bal- j
ance surplus to be distributed of J3IM 59.
It was Known thnt Curtl« during the, ad
ministration neo.led money, and accord
ingly he mortgaged the «>r'<p»rty on Sev
enth street to the I liberals Bank for 13000.
Since then the bank has foreclosed and
taken the property.
ARCHITECT BENARD
TO ARRIVE FRIDAY
Winner of the Phebe Henrst Compe-
tition Will Be in California
Before the Week Closes.
BERKELEY. Nov. 23.-MonMeur Bmlle
Uenard of Paris, the architect who won
the first prize In the Phebe Hearst archi
tectural competition, is expected to reach
San Francisco next Friday.
Bernard Maybeck, instructor In archi
tecture In the University of California,
has be«*n in constant communication with
the now famous architect since the latter
left Paris. In a telegram received to-day
Mr. Maybeck gathers that th»* distin
guished Frenchman will reach California
the day after Thanksgiving. After his ar
rlvßl in NVw Yorl«. M. Bonard has visited
some relntives In |j<tiffal<j and Montreal.
He was to leave for Chicago,
and from there direct to California. He
will probably g.> to the Palace Hotel Im
mediately Uimn his . rival.
rrant violets or a
■ ■
.md th«*M»
■ . :
« dis
. ired. but
I
The president. Miss' Miriam K. Wallis.
superintended ye^K-nlay's packing, and
Wits assjntrd by th<- following ladles:
Mlks Anne Hryce. Miss Anna Hall. Mrs.
I^.-.n D. Ston*. Mrs. SiKmuri.J nauer. Miss
Ni-lli" Floyd. Mr?. Paul Uunki-r. Miss D<>l
r'hi.ie <>rf. Miss E'hH Dlmond. Miss Ida
li. FUher. Miss IMU Goldman. Mrs.
Jam*-s Grlffee. Miss Km> Johnson Miss E.
llaber£MtM Daisy Herman, Ml«s Leonie
Hirschfeld. Miss Adelaide Lowis. Miss
JuJia LewllJ Miss Elsio Llebes; Miss Flor
ence Lippit. MUs Hattie Mandel. Miss
Krtith SohnaittaohT. Miss Hilda Steln
hArt. Mrs. A. H. Tafnndf-r. Miss Joseph
ine Armer. Mrs. O. H. Kucklngham. Miss
renaGlbbj. MUu Martha P. Glbba. Miss
Edith Hecht, Ml^s Hannah T^pzvnsky
BELL OUT ON BONDS.
The Policeman Charged With the
Murder of fitter Siiba Released
From Custody.
' N ■ who
man D. G Bell, charged
■
■
■
■
Kmll Boron rd. an employe of the \r ■ --
ican Biscuit Company, was the first wit
ness called by McN'nb. but the Judge
brusquely <<eclin<-d to hear his statement
"This man." said the Judge, "i 9 alwrtys*
romlng hero as a witness when there i,
anything ;ipaln.>=t .1n ofiiror nnd I won't
listen to him." Korea rd had to leava th«
Mand and he'law-r explained that he was
only once in Judgo Trendweirs court Sn
the case in which Po'.lcrmiin Peters hud
trouble with sin Italian. He would have
testified that ho saw lit II and Silha strug
gling and the prisoner wai; trying to bite
and kirk lbs oJllc»-r and throw himself
on the pround nnd bumped his h^ad
:«galnst the cobblestones.
John W. Douglas. J. B. ■.•..- .. nd Pn
vld "Murphy nil 'testified to set-ing -lie
struggle nn<l nil IJrjj did •.v.^ to strike
Silba on the knuckles or arm. They .Jld
not see nlm strike him on the head. Sil
ha was fighting hard, although lie .m
handcuff cd.
The .lu^ce said that under the circum
stances he would admit Bell to ball and
fixed his • nd« In $3000. Two bondsmen
were In court— Thomas Dolan. 3C7S Eight
eenth «treet, and Mlrhael McHugh .«>
Dehon ntr*et. The Judge accepted mi*
bonds rind Bell was released in open
court. '
prsvloualy Instructed an-1
Jtrralgn^d n f :<l the east wu> ••iintii,uf-<i
« pendir.g the result of the
Saulmann Files a Protest.
Julius Caesar Saulmann has filed a pro
test with Auditor Wells against the pay
ment of salaries to four deputy poll tax
collectors. He •■• up In the protest that
the Supreme Court has held that the poll
tax 1- a purely State matter and that its
collection cannot be paid out of county
fund*. Saulmann also says that all sal
aries of deputy poll tax collectors should
be paid out of the commission allowed by
law for the collection. Mr. Saulmann fiß
ur(* oat that the sum of I!*.**? ha« been
collected In poll taxes In the county since
Inst March and that the film of 114,310 90
has been retained as commissions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, IS9O.
F* • • -<_^ ***— v " %J&**~' ■'
OAKLAND OFFICIALS' SALARIES SEIZED BY LAW FOR POLL TAXES
OAKLAND, Nov. 2?. -Three city
Ccuncilmon, a lot of city depu
ties and any number of city po
licemen and firemen will have
their salaries seized by Assessor Dal
ton's deputies for not having paid poll
taxes. This Is one of the little fea
tures of the Thanksgiving celebration
to be held at the Oakland City Hall
this year, and It is to be an occasion
for a Thanksgiving and a half, be
cause $1 is to be added to the regular
foe for delinquency.
City, salaries are due on Friday, and
the Assessor remembered that to-mor
row was one of those Inconvenient le
gal holidays when legal action is of no
avail. So he took me by the fore
lock, and to-day garnishments were is
sued for all of those who have failed
to pay their bead taxes. These gar
nishments were served upon City Aud
itor Breed and City Treasurer Gllpln.
and when the officials go to collect
their salaries on Friday they will find
Just the value of a fat Thanksgiving
turkey deducted from their Income.
The Assessor's deputy will be nn
hand Friday, and the Council lawmak
er* and the executors of those lawn,
thd Oakland policemen, and mere em
ployes will all be tn ••:•■> a taste of
a superior law. Councilmen can legts
Lake Merritt and Roberts Wells.
OAKLAND, Nov. 29.—The Board of
Public Works to-day signed the fourth.
fifth and sixth contracts for the dredging
«.f Lake Merritt and the work will bo
rapidly prosecuted.
The new specifications for the tests of
Roberts' wells cannot be drawn until City
Engineer Clement lecovers. and a con
siderable delay in this work will result.
LOST HIS SIGHT
IN FAR ALASKA
SAD PLIGHT OF ELVIN REY
NOLDS, A NATIVE SON.
He Claims His Father Was Once
Publisher of an Interior News
paper — Is Now in Prison.
Elvln Reynolds, a young man who lost
his sight while mining In Alaska. Is in
the City Prison, and this fact Ib causing
Captain Seymcur. who is In charge, a
Ki.-in deal of worry. The unfortunate
man was wandering helplessly on the
streets last night and was taken to the
Central Station for safe-keeping. ll*
plight has created a great deal of sym
pathy among the officers and Inmates of
the prison, who Intend to brighten his
dark hours With a generous Thanksgiving
repast.
Reynolds claims he Is a native son and
thru his father was. prior to his death,
the iprtetor of the Marlposa Gazette.
He left for Alaska some years ago and,
went to work on the Jurn-*u Searchlight,
and In the absence of its editor and own
er, and others connected with the paper,
who were prospecting for gold, he got
out the paper. He says he acted as editor,
copy reader, typesetter, pressman end
printer's devil, and finding his duties too
arduous he surrendered his position and
accompanied Colonel Fred Spencer of
Spokane to Circle City, where he worked
as a miner. In March last, while in the
Cnpe Nome district, his eyesight began to
fall. He attributed It to snow-blindness
and neglected himself. As a result he soon
became totally blind. With the funds he
had gathered together he went to Seattle
and placed himself under the care of
skilled oculists. Ill" money gave out and
he decided to come to this city in the hope
of being afforded relief. Ills condition Is
pitiable, and It in thought that he will be
assisted by some of the local charltaole
Institutions, which will be notified to-day.
IRELAND REVISITED.
Father Yorke to Lecture for St
Peter's Church Benefit.
Father P. C York.' will deliver a lecture
on "Ireland Revisited" at St. Peter's
Church. Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, on next Sunday evening.
During his recent vacation Father Yorke
spent considerable time in Ireland, and
! ... Intend! to discuss in his lecture th«
developments of the old country from the
standpoint of politics, economics and mor
als.
An attempt Is being made to awaken
new interest In the Irish struggle among
the American people, and there are many
Irishmen wh« are anxious to hear from
an Independent witness the value of t'le
claims made by the propagandists of thes-e
new movements.
The lecture will be delivered for the pur
pose of lifting the debt contracted by rea
son of recent, street improvements on the
church property.
Infringement of Copyright.
H. 11. Egbert filed a suit yesterday In
the United States Circuit Court against
Mannle Qreenberg, G. I) Phillips ajid O.
H. Smyth of the firm of Phillips & Smyth.
Egbert alleges that he has been damaged
to the extent of $1000 because of the in
fringement by the defendants of his copy
righted Issue of the Daily Racing News
of November 28. He asked for an Injunc
tion and the damages named. Judge Mor
row ordered a temporary restraining or
der to issue.
A Little Feature of
Thanksgiving in
Oakland.
One Dollar to Be Added
to the Regular Fee
for Delinquency.
♦
late for or against great railroad cor
porations, but they cannot dodge I.c
poll tax collector. Policemen can ar
rest the greatest personage of the
land should ho break some law. but
they bow before the superior power of
the man who collects Ihe poll taxes.
Among those who have failed to pay
this obnoxious little tax Is Council
men F. O. Olrard, the leader of tin
great fight now on against the saloons.
Mr. Qlrard lias failed to pay the J2 due
the State and will now have to pay J>.
Councilman George i- Stetson, who
has also been a terror to saloons. Is
another delinquent, and he will find his
salary $3 shy on Friday Then there Is
Councilman Louis Schaffer *f the Sixth
Ward, who comes from the right little,
tight little ward where the plain.
♦very-day people live. Mr. Schaffer
evidently thinks that the payment of a
poll tax is a little formality to be dis
regarded, for he will have to pay $3 on
Friday.
Police Judge Mortimer Smith Is an
other who failed to settle on time, and
the Judiciary ib not exempt from this
taxation.
Th. re are a half-dozen policemen in
the same delinquent list, and their
stars will not pass current for a pell
tax receipt, as they do for street car
Sent to Preston Reform School.
OAKLAND, Kov ■.- Charles J Mey«rs,
■-..Id boy charged with
petty larceny in stealing nozzles off ho»e
and faucets out of vacant houses in Ala
merta, was to-day committed to the Pres
ton Bcbool of Industry at (one by Superior
■• Hall, there to remain until he ar
■ his majority.
DANCED AND MADE
MERRY UNTIL DAWN
GRAND CARNIVAL AT THE ME-
CHANICS' PAVILION.
Fraternal Ord?r of Eagles Give a
Successful Masquerade Ball.
Was a Brilliant Spectacle.
Mechanics' Pavilion presented a bril
liant spectacle last night. Maskers In
costumes of every conceivable character
and color, danced beneath Its gaudily
decorated rafters, and made merry until
long after the cars had ceased to run.
Princes and grandees, soldiers . and sail
ors. Jockeys of both sexes, cakewalkers
and ballet dancers, policemen and wait
ers moved In and out of the vast throng,
making a scene unrivaled for characters
and color.
During the early part of the evening
there waa a mix-up of bands. Two or
ganizations put in an appearance to play.
There was some misunderstanding that
led to this condition of affairs on the part
of committees. Only one band played.
The other took advice and went away.
Promptly at 10 o'clock the grand march
opened the carnival. The long procession
wound Itself around the Immense ball
room, presenting a sight that was greatly
enjoyed by the spectators who crowded
the gallery and Beats on the sides of the
pavilion. .-••.
The ball or carnival was given under
the auspices of San Francisco Aerie No. 6,
Fraternal Order of Eagles. The officers
and members of that well known organi
zation labored hard to make the affair
a worthy otic, and in this they were high
ly successful. Every official on the floor
was attired in evening dress and attrac
tive badges surmounted their bosoms.
Following are the committees that had
the affair In charge:
Executive committee— Chairman. .1. S. can
non: James F. Chatham. Hubert 11. Ruseh. J.
L. Herjset, Charles Lone. Charles Leonhardi
Floor manager. Frank Ininne; aMlttant floor
manager*— T. F. Kelleen, A. C. Berthler.
Floor committee— \V. J. Qleaaon, J. J. Grif
fin. 1* 11. Haiißelmann. .1 \V. Klumpke. E. D.
Ijunateari, Dr. T. H. W. I.'laiid. a I .Will. .lame*
11 O'Brien, J. I. Patnaude. F. Somers. Hurry
Huff, Georne Samuel*. 1. M. I^i:i,lr>-s'<». (Jrorne
Martin. <;■•■!-*•* Preston. David J. O'Connor.
Jerome Harrln. Fred Whittle. George Well'
m&nn. On A. Holdsteln. \V. Clack, Ova Pohl
mann, (»<car Hook». I. Krb.
nec«rtlon committee— Chairman. E. I* Wag
ner: M O'Connor. John Kennedy, T. J. Clancy
Ous hlmpf. Fred Levers, Frank Marlnl, 8.
D. Symon*. F.tv Bmaltey. Jerome x^aiiity John
Crowley, Dr. K. funnel;. Dr. Keefe. Charles
nerwin. W. 11. Bylnßton. R. E. Callahan. C.
M Fl»her. J. F. Cheatham. S. H. Korn, Louis
Ooldrtone. Oi>car A Ober«eller. William H.
Flaherty. R. M. Thompson. J. B. Marshall.
William Dally, Ben Benard. Ai Smith Ed
Rock.
SO LONG! MR. LONG.
Counterfeiter of Five-Dollar Pieces
Makes an Official Call Upon
Judge de Haven.
George M. Long, beginning to-day, will
spend three Thanksslvinj; days In the San
Quentin penitentiary in compliance with
an earnest and sincere Invitation extended
yesterday by United States District Judge
de Haven.
Mr. LonK. although deeply sensible of
the honor conferred upon him. would have
waved it aside modestly, but United
States Marshal Shine Insisted so press
lnßly with a pair of handcuffs that Mr
I.onß reluctantly consented to partake of
the hospitality of the State for the period
of three years.
fares. This list bepir.a with Serjeant
C. E. Clarke and runs through Jolm
Morrison. E. J <J. Hahn, Peter Gar
rity, 1". ('. JacobUS, ('. F. Ley ton and
Nick Williams.
Deputy City Engineer Hall is on the
list, together with Police Court rieik
J. Ha • and many others.
This is the list issued fmm the As
sessor's office: F. K. (lirard. F. K.
Ifott, Louis Bchaffer, <;^orce R. Stet
son, Leon M. Hall. I. B. Hopper, Mor
timer Smith, A. P, Leach, W J Hen
s Wlsscn. C R. Clark.
Peter Oarrlty, X .1 •: Hahii P. <"..
Jacobus. C P. Layton, John Morrison.
N Williams, I.OUU Flrmminp. Georß.-
Cruse w B. Miller, J >hi
Rutherford. \V Price. J. H. Hailahan.
Creorge L. Lloyd, W \ Pr • . Willlnm
McOrath, P. Harry. L. W CalVrrt,
John Fltislmmons. 1' M Ban . Wil
lam Laughland, John DoKin. «'. C. Orr,
W H Dunlap. L. Hoffman Jr.. John
C. Orr Oeorgt I' John Foster.
W. <J QambU C X Townscnd. I
fred Williams. J. C Mullen, J. I*. c i- a
laghan. Dwisht Foster, N. B. Scrlh
ner. H Bullock, M. Hatpin, Roger Bi
cotte, W. H Btedentopf, Thomaa \vi!i
thar. James Crossen, J. W. l»utton Jr..
T J. Roberts. E. \VagKorshau«"r. Will
iam Malion.-'V, Thomas i'u::. s and R
B. Bromley.
MAYOR SNOW WILL
SUPPORT V. H. METCALF
Oakland Office Ban Pranciaeo Call.
Broadway, Noi
The fact that .Mayor U. \v. Snow has
gone Into the camp of < 'ongressman Vic
tor H. Metcalf and has been elected chair
man of KetcafTa campaign committee is
one of the startling political moves of th»
■ lay The move is the more startling bt
cause Mayor Snow was oik >>( thf» most
ardent eupportera of iho late 8. «. H!l
h m when Mct^alf defeated Flllborn at
the primaries a year ago. and it was ex
im . ted that he would continue to
Mttc;ilf.
Hut Mayor Snow has decided to cast ht.«
lot with Congreeeman Metcalf and oppose
ull comers Am \)\<- principal "comer
seems to bo Count] Henry 1*
Dalton. it foll.iWK that Mayor Snow will
• Mr. 1).i1t..n. .H..1 thin may furnish
some explanation for the nt-w move. The
Mayor and the Count) Assessor have not
! late, and this
means that the Mayor baa decided to fight
the Congressional aspirations of Mr Dal
ton.
Mayor Snow was supported by the Dnl
ton-Pardoe faction «t the ft^publl. <n
party at the last municipal election, but
there has been ■ battle-royal ever sine-*
over patronage. The Mayor refused to
recognize the claim* of that faction to
patronage, and the fi-ellng has grown
more end more bitter, until Mayor B
haa aepoused the cause of Congre
Metcalr.
• I believe that Mr. Metcalf should be
returned to <"iiu-ress for the benerlt of
Oakland." said Mayor Bnow "I <lo riot
belit>ve in ■ men every
few nionic-tits. and I nope that Oakland
will not pet tho reputation of fighting
i v« ry «''ijgressman that happens to be
elected."
Found D?aa at His Home.
OAKLAND. Nov. 29.— Michael Fox. a
native of Germany, aged 70 years, was
found dead at nia home T! TwrMy-second
street near Ban Pablo avfn'i". this even-
Ing. He had been 111 the lust w*ek, and
was not att<>ni!»d by a physician: hence
an inquest will t"> held next Friday even
ing.
Taken to Agnews Asylum.
OAKLAND. Nov. 29— Mrs Grace
Herbst, who tri«d to commit milclde by
pouring coal oil over her hair ami Ignit
ing the same, and al«o Mr- Mary L. <jo
mcz of San Lcnndro were tak*n to tlie
Inaane asylum >v Acnews to-tfay.
Chauncey Foote a Purser.
OAKLAND. Nov. 29.— Chauncey Foot*,
the son of \V. \V. Footr. has been appoint
ed assistant purser on the steamship Ala
meda of th<» Oceanic Steamship Company,
and sailed on his first trip to-day.
DO YOU NEED AN ELECTRIC BELT?
... vJ " I //,/ i 1 j Are you weak - nervous, d»blli-
v \ W4/,M«j4zL^L^^^*v^^ tated? Have you pain In the back?
\M'3^t^BfC\\[wS«V* ;i^^^2' Have you Pal " an >' hTe? If ho
\v MIK ».ty»J^V«r " tOp <lru|tgln«r and try electricity!
llV^^g^>V'H\VjW lt puts llfe lnto all weak parts and
BlPiV lX^**' ' Vyr^oTv^M drives away paln as If by maple
IKU'V n '*>// C/^^H The best way to use electricity is
H^Tr s^-^ erTTTS^MP by means of a ood Electric Belt
raft!" I I •kJßtf' : P*; iJkPv and ever >-body knows that "DR
g?^^y-%^-U7p^?%- PIERCE' 3" Is - th best Belt made
\^'"^''^'^ r^F\' r \^/ »\V^ Prices VERY REASONABLE We
nrt^itw-^»^^*ui v v^ ais ° have a Beit for ' 3 50. the same
I .ml 9f! v l'~^ " klnd that others sell at from $10 to
■^i%^&~'-%~. ' 20 - If y° u require relief call and
/^ > A!lX"' * cc Us Or Bend 2 <:ents In stamps for
x ' N our "Booklet No. 2." Address-
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
©20 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco. Cat.
.- V E*/ _S '"" "' "
HOW ENGINEER
JOHN McCAULEY
SAVED A TRAIN
Storm Had Blown a
Car on the Trestle.
ALAMFDA, Nov. 29. -John McCanl«7,
an engliu«r on ih. Ala— da ir
local train, saved a tralnload of p '
gors fri-m balnf "ii th-
tro«tie near the end of the narrow; .
• mldnltlit laai 1 Igrht Bj
est vißiiaricf an!
engineer prevented arbat M
one of the BTeati M (.•■rrurs In
for a train would bare been v\ :
tho water.
During the heavy storm of wind and
rain shortly before midnight la-t night a
section car was blown off .1 switch at
the depot at the end of the narrow gauge
trestle, and out upon the Alamcda m.iln
line. The car was .1 specially constructed
affair, with I heavy scaffolding built i ■. : u 1 1
Into the air, m that palm might work
upon the roof of the ferry building. This
scaffolding caught the full force of lb«
wind and acted Ilk*: sails upon a boat,
carrying the car out upon the main line.
Tins was not noticed by u ny «.f th<: ■ m
plo)es at the depot)
stood out on the tr'.stl^ m menace to hun
dreds of lives.
The last train from Alameda toward
San Francisco last night was In charge
of John McCauley. and the engineer was
trying to make good time and reach the
depot at the end of the pier so that the
boats might not be held. He had maJe
his run through Alameda without inci
dent, and as he began the long run down
the Alameda till and trestle he opened th«?
throttle and gave his engine almost full
head of steam for the run down.
The wind was blowing hard and the ra:n
was driving into the cab, but the engi
neer kept v eharp lookout ahead. die
night was dark and the storm made it
doubly black outside, and McCuuley
peered out into the night as the train Hew
over the rails.
Suddenly a dark object loomed out of
the darkness ahead, and McCauley saw
that something was on the track. For un
instant he was paralysed with fear, but
It was only an Instant. Instead of Jump
ing from his engine and letting his train
take care of Itself, he stuck to his post
and paved his train.
Throwing the reversing lever back he
crowded all steam on. at the pame time
sanding the rail" to mnko the wheels hold
more firmly. This threw the passengers
In the coaches from their prats and piled
them up in confusion in the aisles, but
McCauley wanted to stop the train before
It was thrown Into the water under the
trestle. Even with all his efforts the
train struck ihe car with sufficient force
to completely demolish the car and break
nil the light upper works on the enylne.
But MeCauley had saved his train.
"There Is nothing to tell." said Mc-
Cauley modestly. "I threw the engine
over and hung on, and did what any
other man would have don» had he Oc-en
where I was. I didn't want to ditch the
train at that point.*'
WILL GET A DIVORCE
AS A NEW YEAR'S GIFT
OAKLAND, Nov. 29.— A decree of di
vorce on the ground of extreme cruelty
and a husband's Infidelity will be one of
the new year's gifts that Mrs. Isabella
Turnbul! Lain* will receive. Such at
least was the assurance Superior Judge
Greene gave the fair plaintiff this after
noon when her sensational divorce suit
against Peter Miller Lalng came up for
argument.
The attorneys, not at all prone to argue
the salacious details of the wife's com
plaint, wherein her own slater, Jemima
rurnbull. la named as corespondent, or
the husband's cross-complaint naming
one Robert Hill .1 - corespondent, an
nounced that the only subject worthy of
debato was that of a division of the prop
erty and they desired that a receiver be
appointed to sell the same, the proceeds
to be apportioned as the court might deem
equitable.
Judge Greene promptly appointed J. n.
Lanktree as receiver and In addition an
nounced that he would withhold entry
of the decree, which should be In favor
of the plaintiff on all grounds she alleged,
until January 2, 1900. at which time no
doubt the receiver would be ready in
court with his report.
Th- divorce suit of Emma Ketchum
against G. 11. Ketchum was to-day re
ferred by Superior Judge Greene to Court
Commissioner Babcock for the purpose
of taking the testimony in the case.
GETS FOUR YEARS FOR
STEALING A HARNESS
OAKLAND. Nov. 29.— Gustav Seaman
appeared before Superior Judse Hall to
day and in view of a prior being dis
missed pleaded (tulliy to a charge of burg
lary in the second degree and was sen
tenced to four years' imprisonment in
Folsom Prison. Several months ago Sea
man entered a barn at Centervllle and
stole therefrom a set of harness, the prop
erty of P. ifattaleaen, a butcher. He had
been placed in the town lall at Center
ville and on the night previous to the day
set for his preliminary hearing he cut
his way out through the roof of the
prison with a pocketknlfe and made good
his escape. Several weeks later he was
recaptured at Han Jose and reincarcerated
In the same old jail, the hole through the
roof of which had been closed with sev
eral small boards. These he succeeded In
removing and once more enjoyed his
liberty, but only for a few days, when
he was retaken and placed safely behind
the bars of the County Jail.
Marriage Licenses Issued.
OAKLAND. Nor. 29.— Marriage licenses
were obtained to-day by the following
named: John Nell, 29 years, and Katte
F. Saulpaugh. 27 years. Oakland; ."hc.Uer
S. Myrlck. 2S years, and C ithrj • •'.
Tyrrell, 20 years. Oakland: Albert 1..
KrieM. 19 years, and Violet A. Hoys*n.
19 years, Oakland; Albert H. l'err>. 43
years, and Adah.C. Bess. 33 years, Oak
land: Jesse l.co Plpken. 29 years. i: .1
wood City, San Mat County, and Klla
Vantls. 2i years. Kansas City. Mo.; Aus
tin N. Walton. 31 years, Han Krancmco.
and Marl* 1 1.. McDrrmnt, 24 years, Oak
land; Rert Evlnger. 27 years. San F»nn
clsco, and Lulu M. Hmith. 23 yearn. Oak
i [ or . ...
UDAycnits/y
land: John W. nurrows, 29 years. fin
Frnnclsco, nr.rt Edna Z. Stone. 25 year*.
Storkton; Manuel (.J. Rogers. :« v«f«r«.
Mllplta?. »nd Phoebe Nunez, IS y**r».
Oakland; Alrxnmtar McKlnnon. 24 rears.
;ir.<l i '.•;.. nil.- N". •«.-!!, 21 yrar». Oakland;
Hobert F. M I illy. M yearn, and Harriet
Ilnrrls. 33 years. Alame<la; Arthur I.
HuRhPS. 23 years, and Elvira M Schay'-r,
IS years. Oakland.
Death of Mm. Merchant.
OAKLAND. Nov. ».— Mrs. Theresa I*
Merchant, widow of the late Fred O. Mer
chant, who at one time owned Butro
Heights, died very suddenly at th« Crel
iii Hotel this mornlna; of heart disease.
Deceased was noted for her deeds of char
ity. Through her generosity In giving
J.'. : »«) to the Fabtola Hospital some Urn«
ago. the Convalescent Home, an annex to
the hospital, was established. She leaves
one son. iron D. Merchant, residing at
San Jose. The funernl will take place Fri
day at noon, and the Interment will be
at Laurel Hill Cemetery. Ban Francisco.
Dr. Wheeler to Speak.
BERKELEY, Nov. 2>— President Ben
jamin Ida Wheeler of the University of
California will speak to-morrow In San
FrancUco at the Thanksgiving services
to be held In the First Comcrefcatlonal
Church. The service will begin at 11
o'clock and Is to be a union of the ronarre-
Katlon* of the First Congregational. Cal
vary Presbyterian and First Baptist
churches.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tilO
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cored by ttMM
.Little Pills.
They also rtliere Distress from Vji[u i^i.
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Droinl-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pilt. Small Dose.
Smafl Price.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
lit^. Steamers l-av» Broadway
.~y^ wharf, San Francisco:
WSKiyJSjk ¥f r Ala.'kan port» I 1)I 1 ) a m..
l* s V>irr'sa I " c *• : - i; - i: - "• :7 > JlLn - l -
p«k\fc^)sV\n chan«t t-> company's >tua-
I bSCoiIjBI t. at Semttl*.
liiKcf^'JlJ Fcr Victoria. VanrnaTtr
f^^*HCf-jr;^*i (X C>. I'crt Tnwr.->fn.l. ■•-
l6 *si^ attle, T.i ma, Everett. Ana-
cr<r\*» an-1 N*w Wh»tcom
<\Va»h.). M a m . D«c. 2. 1.
IJ 17 M TT Jan. 1. «•"* «**nr nth dar lh»r»-
For Eureka (HumboWt Bay), t V m D« ».
10. 15. W. «. ». Jan. 4. and every Cftn «»r
ror'B*nta Cm*. Monterey, San Blmson. Cajru-
co^Porf Harford IMb Lota Ohi.pov Oarlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hn*n*ni#. Pan £***>.
rr M rn sa^ re r. ( Vor trsrkii tns-j,
; an.J »%-rv fourth d*jr t^*r-aft»r
, Fr San ),,.. .- r.nly «t Port Har-
ford fan Lul* <»hl.r-> -^anta D*rbara. Port
a m D-e. 4. S. W. ». ». «♦• ». J* 0 - »• * n<l
every fourth <laT thereafter.
For Fr.s^narta. Magdate»a Bar Ban Josj <SM
1 r,bo. Maxatlan. Ait, -a. L* faa. **<"**»•*-
l!a and Ouaymas <Mex.>. 1) a. m. 7th of «a«n
m rv,r h 'farther Information obtain company's
O ThV* company r»<»nr*9 the rUht to chants
, without previous nolle* steamers, tallln* date«
an«l hmirn if palllns:.
' TICKKT orFIO»— N«w Mont«ora«rr
! «tr»—t (Pal* * H * CO.. O« Att- .
I J 10 Market »t.. Ban rranclsca.
m 0. R. & n. go.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMETtS TO
From Ppear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC ? <2 Flr«t CUm Including; Bert*
rAllt 88 Second Claas and lleala.
roLT'MBIA Nov»mb#r W
i STATE OF CALIFORNIA November 14
Short Une to Walla Walla, flpokan^Datt*.
Helena »ni all p"«nt» In th» Northw»«t.
Through ticket* to all points East.
E. C. WAIID. General Ag»nt.
«M Market st.
1 COODALL. pf.i.k.n, * nt>n<[wt|
AMERICAN LINE.
JTEW YORK SOCTHAiIPTOM. LONDON. FAUX
stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 19 a. m.
p t au j . Nov. » St. Louis • ...D«fl. II
St" I^uls Nor. 25 St. Paul Dec J7
St. Paul Dec- « N>w Tork Jan. I
I RED STAR LINE.
sew York and Antwero.
From New Tor*. Every Wednesday. IJ na«w.
; FrlesUnd Nor. ■ K»: ' *■ p. Nov. M
Southwark Nor. lSlNoordland ...D^s. «
WrsiernUod....Nov. rlwalaa* Dec 11
UMPIRE LIMB.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
I For full Information regarding freight aaa
pa«»axe appljr to
■ INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
l 30 M"r.tlT"Tn»ry St.. or any of Its ag»n.-,—
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
n»r 'f First and Drunnan utr^^ti. I p. m .
for YOKOHAMA and lIONOKONO. tailing at
Knb« <Hlo«-o>. Nagasaki and Shanghai, an
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
InJU. etc. No cargo received on board on .lay
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Thursday, T>c. 11
• HONGKONG MARL* Tuesday. Jan. II
' NIPPON MAT. .. Friday. Tib. $
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip ticket* at reduced rate*. For
L freight and p«»sare apply at company's diet.
. 4:1 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General A»>nt.
m£Fß±. MiflP B 8 - Alame«a sails
■ F^nflnll vlk Honolulu aad
■ -™ ifiiZik ***** Auckland for BMn«r
■ m-&L.W& < Wednesday. Nov. ».
atßlOiX I* > at I p. «.
I WWvWi^WrrtUlinJ Th# 8 - s - Australia
' &JRJV GAUjillJlilU - n« for Honolulu
<~^ktr (nmPltniU Wednesday. Deo. U.
rZ^T •V.llJJVllCq^ at : p. m,
I I Favortt* Line Round th» World, via Hawaii.
. Sa oa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Ba«a,
' England, etc. . t£lo first cliv.
I 1. 0 £fr.£Lb & b.ios CO., Act*.. 114 Montaemer)
I P'tr 7, Foot Pacific SL Fre:shtofflCf.327 Market Si
I ' COKPIONIE GE3EHALE TRA9BATLAHTIQ7I
• DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. f f^i
I Hailing every Thursday Instead of <aflTr>
• Saturday, from November 2. W»>. at J^f^t^
1 10 a. m. Irom Pier 42 North River, foot of
Morton st. LA NORMANPIE. Nov. II; La
I OASCOGNE. Nov. ]] LA TOURAINE. Nor.
10; LA BRETAONE. Dec. 7. Flrst-clsss to
Havre. fto and upward; 5 per rent reduction nri
,j round trip. S»cond>clas9 to Havre. I«J. I p*,-
I cnt reduction on round trip. GENERAL
) AOEN'CT FOR UNITED STATE? AND CAN-
I ADA. C Broadway (Hudson butldtng). New
' York. J. F. rx'OA»i ft CO.. Pacific Coast
' Agents. 6 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
[ BAY AND RIVER STEAMEBa.
I FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD ANO VALLEJO.
Steamttr "Monttcollo."
I HON.. Tuea. Wed.. Thun. and »«t at t-.H
, a. m., 1:15. I.JO p m. (ax Tburs. night). Fri-
I 1 days. I p. m an.l I:* 1 : Sundays. tO Jo a. m.. 1
, p. m. LanJing and offlr*. Ml«»lon-str«et Dock.
I Tier No. 2. Telephone Main lMg.
• I TAMM •»•
910
BAN FRANCISCO M.L.
WrSTVFSS OFFU'E of the Pur. Francisco
Call, corner of Vi.rl ■ t r.nj Third streets, open
cml] 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES--:-: Montcotnery street,
cmier Cluy; rpen ur.til i.tO p. m.
MO Ha ye* ureet: ojwn until I M p. m.
fit McAllister wtroet; open until > 10 p. m.
f'S Liirkln street; open until >:S0 p. ra.
IKI Ml>f.lou street; open until 30 p. m.
liCl Market strert. comer Sixteenth; open
t;:.!!! > p. t:».
!••« Eleventh *treet: vptu until » p. m.
XX. Vr.!"n. la »rree?; cr^n until » p. m.
1."*3 I'cik street; open until » p. m.
North we*t <v mer cf Twenty-necond and Ken-
t.: k> »tr..-«':s: ..pen unMl > p. m.
4IIIUCII SERVICE^
THANKSGIVING wrlc«7^~Join7~B«n-lee~of
The Oongi elation Kmanu-KI and Sherlth Is-
r.iil will be held at the Terr.ple Emanu-El.
eti Suiter t.t.. betwwn Stockton anj Pi.well.
•>n Thyrt.day. November 81. at 11 a. m Rabti
Nirto wu; J.:i\fi ;}!,. tti\<in-n.
MEBTING NOTICES.
SOUTH San Frmnc'.sca L->dpe No. liirr\ a~*
and A. SI., mt-ct* THIS (THUHS- \
DAY» EVENING at 7.30 o'cl<.ck. for yv
third drcrree. V.asti-r Jla»ons arw cor- ZxtN
..:...:> Ir.vjiod. By <xder oi the master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
ST ANImREWS Society— St. An- v C/ __
drrw'sj Un.y will be orlebrated ! y OJI
a l>an<juet at the Palace Hotel. *■ . » jl vjT
}"RIDAY EVENING. rweinl*«r 1. ''CSS?*
lh''«; tickcik jr. (doublet, f^ ts'.ngle); from
MR. P.EII'. '- : M».-;..t at.
JAMES S WEUSTER. President.
A. R PATi K::S< >N. Srcretary.
OFI'ICERS anJ members of Perseverance
Grove No. TO. U A. <> D . are requests! tstf
to aesen-.Me THURSDAY, at 1 o'clock *"*■
t> n.. r'.:urv. at Druids' HnJl. 413 ."utter st..
t.> pay the !»>: trit'uie cf respect t.> our Ue-
c«h*-j bn-th.-r. P. A. H. *5. GIANNINt.
\. martin, n. A
B. PIDANCET. i;er. S»o.
ANNUAL Ueellßf— Rvsjuiar ennual meetinr of
tl;o urn k!'.iM. r* of i!;* Paauhtu Sugar PTan-
tati«ri Comjpsiny will t>e htid at th« offlcs
nf the company, nrr Market it-. In the city
j.'id crurty of Ssn Fr.incinco. en SATI'H-
I'AY. iv- 2d day of l>eccml>er. ISS9. at the
h mr cf n o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
• .■■r-.'.nit a lw jtr\l of dlrectc.r* to serve for the
easulrx :>-ar and the trat:sact!on of such
«-t!ier bacSaeu i>m may ccme befl ie the meet-
ing. Transfer books wfil dose cr\ Wednes-
day. November 2. IW. at S o'clock p. tn.
F. H SHKLPQN Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE frWTir\\r^lNG^Tlx7h"floor7^roru
Id* buildltig: no ndvance cliurges; all cases;
Ttate*. mortpage*. damages. collections,
latikru;itcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate fe.-«;
call or write.
ADVICE fr»e; divorce law a specialty: private;
ro fe*. without nippfni; ooll<*ctlon>. G. \V.
MOV\E. «uty at law. «wO Market, oor. Stocktn.
V. H. MERZ.BACH. auemey-at-!aw. has re-
*uti)<-a practice at W3 Cal. st.. Clunle bldg.
r.OAH F. FLOOD. S.r, Market M.. cpp. Mason;
crcisultatli n .'!>*•; rni«3erate Te«-s.
I. P CLARK. E.rmu Spreckel* bulldlr.g. V 27
XTarket; ror.rultfctlon free; no lies in advance.
AP^CE tie..; rio chare iT.le«?» successful. W.
W itAVTT'SON. "T: M.-rVr» «t.. . t ip Marr.n.
BICYCLE IMPAIRS-
TUOS. H 11. VAHNEY. Market and Tenth?
HAKM.*:n AND IDEAL BICYCLEa.
BFV»Tr:vO .» SI'F^TALTY.
lIOAItD AND lIOO3IS.
ri'DY;
Tepk up. with board J. 50: mite for two with
liiid. 112; b N ard. 14 week: meals. 2ic; ele-
vator runs all night.
NEW family h.itel; first -oluss In a.l appolnt-
irents: exccKetit table. £C 7 '"alifornla at., oc-
curylnr corner opprialte Grace <"hurch.
BO*XT BUlte of rooms In select Jewish private
b-*.rd!nir.hou»e: co-ntral; tat.le unexcelled;
references. Address box 1253. Call office.
HOTEL." Polk anl Oay-Sun-
n\ «u # lte»i: bet-t board; f.«r 2. I4i up; singe. $2>i.
LAS PALMAR. 1*29 Varket-Sulte nr I or I
nr.» : priv.ite; bath: »ln. rtr.a.; board optional.
LONGW^RTH. f« Gean— I-arge s-iltTa. bathT
for 3 or 4 gentl'-men; excellent table board.
O FARRKLL. 742— L^rge nunny front rooms:
good home cocking; also vincle rooms; ty< up.
SPECIAL off*r to teachers; new and select. *J1
Pr<V.rcm'..l ft.
HOARDING I'OR CHILDREN.
LADY with nlr* hr-me wants .-Mid to care r>r;
•very attention given, including music; good,
school. MUS. E. T-. Mill Valley. Mtrin <>>.
WIDOW, has a nice hr>me. wa:;ts a small ehU3
to brcrd: gr^rfl Rr,n»; be«-t care. SCS Fell *t,
UOOKS — NEIV AND OLD.
FrilOOL BOOKS bought awl exchanged'
U !r..> n rk «'o. . *.•■< M1«rlon »t.. near Thirl.
BOOT* AND Ml OK*.
CHILDREN'S laoe shoes. 75c. Me. |l; »chool
Uk*s. 7:<; Ufilee' shewa. II; bay*' »hoes. &>;
men's *h'.»s. tl 2C: men's «-ml.r<>iaered slip-
pers. C&c. People's Shoe Store, 13>.<2 Stockton.
l;.»'1"S snd Fhoet" made to order from lst-class
rr.at.rlsJ. |ti to IS; repairing cheap. H. SAL-
M.m:n. H\ Hu«h st.. ffTmerly mth MoNulty.
■I'MIBM CHAXCBS.
V W PARTNER war.te* \* caub'.er to tendTta
■'•jar *tajid: t-'0" cash. t*lani-e on long time-
rut at ALFA CO.. BS Market at.
PARTNER wanted with a $10>» as cashier and
atterd to cigar n anl: V>V> in ca*h balance
on tini*. ALFA CO.. |.3i Market st.
.AZ-FA CO. wlil e-xchar.re. buy or sell your
:»u»-!ties B ( .r proi.rty yuick. IZZ Market st.
TO le»*e -3r.mil chitken ranch; complete; best
• r lenam. '«LFA CO.; r.r.i Market st.
II • RESTAURANT; n«ar Mnrket st.: •.atis-
'»ctor>' reason fnr selling; j.a>-}sx business.
K. r laniculars se« McLAUGHLIN U CU
777^ Market et.
!•> rrtUIT and rrocery «tur«: rood location;
31v. rms.; reat 112. McLnughlin. 7774 M*rk»-t.
COFFEE and lunch place: fine location ; Tor^
gain. COft'INO * CO.; WJ Market st.
Pfs>-«ALOON:' fine location, with ro->ma; a
•T.n: COniNO A <VI.. Wi Market st.
«AMY store: best barsnln In the cltrT Bee
I3OWINO • «•■' . l,r Market st.
ACTIVE man to take retiring partner's plare~
hm»!l «iij: • n I ; oTflee tus!net.s; no night or
Sunday n.rk; experieac* unnecessary. (43
:«srk.t «.. room A.
lIOMB kitchen, and delicacy for 7ai~ en ac-
'■>ur)t of rtrtom: «tor.<l location and trade
_J»HJUIre OBERDI.ENER, 1* Flm ft.
Cf^REBTAi:RANT;""ti>7lcrto uTpeT^day l
this la a barsaln. National Investment Co '
n^mK IM-5'J2-;qC. Ejnma_jipreckels buildlnif.
OLD «*tsbllrhed salr.on, we]] «itocked~JTso- flx-
IS?*Mjurik* Wl>rth mvn * y • Bk ' vl : owner 'sick.
WIOP for painter, plumper. can.enter-~rent
C<»OI) planing mill and lumber rard In tMa
Jityjor sale. Box 14H0, Ca-'l ofhee.
WANTED— Paying coffee house or renauranf
five particulars. Box 14*6. Call offic«.
C.roD-PAYING photormph csllen- ln~Mlsslon
fale cheap. Apply 1104 Market. r<-H.m 21.
CAPE NOME. Alafka--t-h«i"p~raieii on earJr
lost to «"ape. Nome KUI SCO-NOME TAT
<**>.. room C. nwnnd fioor. Mills building.
r< R »ale— Good fruit fund; a livlnaTrooms-
*€bnp.Z Apply. W Eighth *t. rooms.
FCR sale— A delir^cy t-trre with I living rooms'-
JiC r.«t. Box 115*. Call orfico. *
CBEAP-Dalry and delicacy store" rood trade-
Uvlnr rwrni; clw^ip rent. Inquire DOS Folaora.'
FlftPT-CLASS crficfn 1 and bar~for~~Mle; no
•gent. North currer Fult'.n and Franklin sta.
COUNTRY »Jirb»r ph.jp for eale. Inauire Mil.
j:t>— FOß aa'.e— C' nf.-ctlonerjr aiid Ire cteem
I,aj!or>; !.'«■ ln.j^i.ementa; a bargain: call
Vi Seoond U. If. J\CKBON. proprietor.
BALCKIN and restaurant for sale 724 Front
rrrert.
FOB sale— Saloon; wholesale district: retlrtns;
fT-xaa business. Address box 124&. Call offlre.
CIOAR. etore and fixtures with Call agency for
rule; rea>otjab>: pv>d location; rent chray.
Box 1574. Salinas. 'al.
FnlsT -CLASS French il<;uor «tr.re; *rtablTahed
3 yecir a«o; hers*. w*con, crilw. etc. KOI
PswellP 5 well mt.
COJ'FKF. and tea routes rupjlled from GEO.
Xi. CAtiWELL ii CO.S. 412 -.. ramei st.
A lIRANCU efflee for Call advertisements and
n-bMTlptlons lia« b«-en «-»ialjllshed at the
nc tt hw-eet corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till > p. jn. _
A~IiIIANCTI orr.re for Call advertisements and
rulfcrlptions has bevn sUstWd at 1C36 Va-
lencla »t.
CARRIAGES AND \VACO.\B.
boslne- wagons. M»|l">t*M* a f? dr^
r ocds_storcs; rookaway. 828 Hyrlson st.
TT~t""vinis« of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
l^-. ch^^EGAN Jt SON. fll7 Mlsalon
twTßicTB"»eoond-b«iid hiu-ieas. wajrons, carts.
SSr??ri •»« borne.. ilrtTol^m st.
CARPET lIEATIN'O AND CLUANINO. |
I WHTc.N^^rTec^ije^T^|uTled^»»lth .-- work j
| stnd to gPAULDI.NGS Pinr.eer Can**"
beatlng Work*. lIZ-K1 Tehtn-.a «t.: tel. 9. 4i.
SANITARY Cleaning Co. for health and square
dealing. 142 McAllister St.: tel. .South H«.
CITY Steam Cari-et-beating Works ; O. 11.
STEVENS, mgr . Si-40 Nth st. : tel. ' h ____
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson at.: tel t-kmth 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE «Vrl^Tcieaning C,»\ 4u2Sutter at.:
tel. Main 3*4. GEO. WALCPM. Proprietor.
CARPETS owned at 3c p-r yard; laid at »c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth tt.: tel. Jessie 944.
3.' 8.1 MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
! ft.; cleanina. 3c Per yard; tel. MSalon 74.
COVKMN'S Carpet-beating Works. 533 Ooldeo
Gnte aye.: trl Ea»t 126
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
Vrfc'i cleaning and Totlet Compounds and
Crm'round Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cantor v>'.»ozi oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
A rent Cffce and factory. 21 Fi"*ar ft.
CI.AIKVOYANTS ami SPIHITIAI-ISM.
MRS. PR. CLARK.
the wrll-kncwn trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all tin of life. While entranced
»he reveals every hidden mystery: she will
thow you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move "family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals: trlls your entire
ll!e. while In a perfect tran.-e; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; »end stamp for circular
with »p<-<-!»1 tern s. MRS DR. F. CLARK.
2fC Turk nt near Jnn*s. ii •!:!• Sun. and eve*.
REMOVED— M R& J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Mar^
ket Ft.. <or. Turk: medium, life reader, med-
ical clairvoyant; sittings dally; diagnosis free;
"new method" treatment for chronic, private,
obscure disease*: send stamp for circular.
MME. MELBOURNE, clairvoyant, card read-
er: a visit will well repay you; call and be
cnvlnced. $!2 ! t Eddy X. : hours Ito i and
" to 10 p. m.; ladles. 50c; gents. Jl
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrate 1 Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ter*. S Have* •■•.. r.'">m 7. second f.nor.
J MME. LENEMAR— Fortune by planets; pre-
j <!icted 1*74 p'M-u.' p.iysvtiKers and gold. At 223
Mason St.. corner O'Farrell.
' SSS MCALLISTER, tr-nlpht. Thimk'glvlng test
I meeting; lett«*j* answered; good mediums: col.
I MME. MOREAC. the best medium and card
readej ; T'-c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. 7.ERKDA. of 5 Seventh St.. Is the ori-
ginal tTXMJ life reader: readings lie.
MRS. DC PREE. card reading; questions an-
swerert by mall; advice given. 2^ 7th. room 9.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
I nlmistry. 2;. c: truth or no pay. 114? Mission.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212U PixthjrL
EDWARD EARLE. Independent sJatewrlter.
S"fl Ellis st.: circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MM"E. RAVENNA reads Mfc fluently: business ',
• dviee: names given: !5e up. S Fourth st.
DR. EDWATD FISCHER, professional hypno-
tist; diseases cured without m«-dlclne. 142 6th.
YOUR future told by cards. 2Bc 1024 Sixth st.,
io a. m. to S p. m.
I MME. FYP.ILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
l»»nd'» p'cuire. 2'c: Irv1!e«. 914 O'F:irrell st
CLINIC.
"TcPTolscttiT
free medical anl «urg. treatment: to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge us-
lest successful. Room 3U. iC7 Market st.
. .■
COTTAGES TO LET.
J COTTAGE of h rooms, bath, gas; rent tit. Ill*
Valleju st.. near I^avenworth.
I tS— NICE cottage 4 rooms: yard: respectable lo-
| cation. 1706 Turk St., near Scott.
COTTAGE of < rooms and bath at .103 Clay,
between Baker and Lyon; lately renovated.
FIVE sunny rooms; chick-n house, barn; cheap.
.'2l T'iliti'th Kt.. nrar Noe.
COTTAGES WANTED.
' IN a nice location; cottage of 5 rooms In Oak- *
land with a rlew to buying. Box 126 x Call.
DENTISTS.
A^DrT T. 6. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927 I
Market U.. over Cafe /Jinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by tli«; i^e <.f electricity, gas
cr chloroform; al»"> by l^cal anaeatlntlcs ap-
plied tv the gums; the '■• -t nn<l must artistla
dental wurk at reasonable prices; pure cold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings fnim 10c;
t'idly decayed t.»<-th cart-fully treated and •
fillr.l rr criiwn«?l without pain; plates that fit
fr»rn J4 10 up; ti^sh colored plates from ?3 iO
lip; tf-eth without p!at>-)( a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Synul. on ajijihcatlon to t!ie gums, removes
the pain: see uur flesh c ilored platen; thinner
and -truneer than rubber; warranted fur 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with- 1
out .1 plate; fillings. £/*c; crjwns. JS 60; Tint**,
full set. IS; nil work palnlem and warranted.
Chloe,gi» Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth Ft.
AT the ELECTP.O-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket #t.. cor. 4th. rra. 7. Flocd bMg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; te<'th
without plates our specialty: g.>l4 crowns.
S3 .'0 up; platt-s, extracilot.s fre«*. $4 50 up; of-
f.e<« hours, 6 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, it to : ■
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager. !
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 21 O'Farrell M.. ex-
tr«cts aiid fills teeth painlessly by hl« wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. |i; bridges, 14;.
rubber cr flexible plat's, $3: receive.! S first
prizes: no student*; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 yearn; lowest prices; In op-
erators; no students. '.'97 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market su. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work an<l fillings _
specialty; all wurk rcai<onah!e; pas given.
PAi'.IS Dental Parlors. 23.". Kearny. cor. Bush;
fuil set cf teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fljllng*. 2.V.
MEYER-lKutPcher '. .nrzt. C Turk; lst-class
wcrk; prices km.; gas; crown & bridge work.
SET of teeth without plate. d£ II a.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk at.
OHIO Dental ParK.rs, Inc.; X gra.luat.' np,ra-
t«.rs:cpen evenings and Sundays. B0 Mnrket.
LOWEST tTices i : , s. F.; work warranted 1»
)e.rs N. Y. r>-nt:M?.. :<C7 Mission, cr. Cth.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ln.lles' Tailoring Parlors';
_F_rench tailoring rysti-m taught. 200 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a"prncl
_ tlcal course; pat, cut; positions free. 103 Pest.
PARISIAN dressmnklr*. 357 Gean*; dresses
made, gj up; dres?«-s made over; p»-rfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ir.g. pinklr.g. i:i P- st...ver O'Connor & \:,.ff_tt.
BDUCATIOXAI*.
HEALD'S Business Collere, 24 PoetsT" 8f"-
t>ractt<-al coursen In buukke^ping. shorthand'
typing. language*. telegraphy, Eaaiiab
brunches, civil, electrical and . nine ©nsl-
neering. etc.; new &0-page catalogue free.
MISS M. Q. BARRETT in unabie~to fill all de-
m:inds for her shorthand graduates and de-
fc!r>-s more pupils; leanone personally and by
mall. SC2 Montgomery st.
AYRES* Business College. 723 Market at., con-
ducted i-enonnMy by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
_J">_gcholarrhlp %ut. Includeg all branches.
ALL htudent* but two taking full course
this year got rv,rltlons. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEOi:. 1226 Market «t.
ENGINEEIUNG school. civil. electricalT mining,
mech.. survoy. asrny. archl.; day and even ;
eat. ISC4 I _VAN Eft NAILLEN. HI Market.
GERMAN wishes to learn the English lan^
iruage. liox 14SS. Call office.
DANCING, ballroom or ••_«<•. quickly taught;
priv.or clans. Barker's Academy.^" Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; mott
practical method. 1234 Bush st.
LAW schools. 927 Market. S. I" . and SOS Broad-
way.Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order />• DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College, 3>;S Larkln st.. opp. City Hall.
ART right and the end Is In sight. };- >]■
MERKI, violin, tnand., guitar. 1008 Mission.
BOOKKEEPING.arlthmetlo, mar. writing;
day nn3 nirht; terms lew. M 24 Mlsslon.nr. «th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi- 1
nese. 42C Pr.wcll. near Sutler; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S KMirloynjent Agency— Help furnished
y«tr— , C.V. Clay tt.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANICSE Information bureau; Japanese and
<.*hln«se help. 421 Pool; phone Main VAC.
CHINESE and spanea Employment. Office;
bent help. 414H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 428.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. SO Geary ■1 . tel. Grant 36.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRHT-CLASS Bw»dlsh second girt desires' sit-
uation; two years* rvfereuovs. MISS CULLEN
22S Butter St. '
COMPETENT middle-aged lady would like
position as housekeeper In widower's family;
no objection to country. Address MRri. L..
2211 Webster st
DANISH girt wants work by day; washing and
booaecleaning; do curtains at home. 1131 FuU
ton st.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30. 1899.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE. \
KMART. reliable young girl desires general
work and cooking. Call at 416 Larkln st.
COMPETENT nurse for young children or tak-
ing charge of children from birth; city or
country; references. 10« Hayes St.
NUKSE who has had much experience would j
like position to 1 ire for Invalid. Address
box UK.. Call office.
RESPECTABLE married woman wishes to do
chamber work In boarding-bouse In exchange
"or husband's hoard. Address box 1298. Call.
GERMAN girl, good cook, desires place: Amer-
ican family; city only. 41S Powell St., tele- 1
phone Main U32.
GKRMAN girl, competent cook, desires situa-
tion la American family: city or country.
41S Powell st., telephone Main C 333.
SMART, reliable young girl desires general
work and cooking; city or country. 41$ Lar-
kln st.
YOUNO Swedish lady wishes plain sewing at
home. 425 Bush St.. room 11. first floor.
EXPERIENCED lady bookkeeper desires posi-
tion; city or country. iIJ Ninth st . Oakland.
ALL-ROUND cook and help; can take chef's
place or full chanre of kitchen: English.
French and German cook; flrst-elajs pastry;
first-class hotel references. 242 Natoma at.
BTTLISn dresses made for $4; also children's
dresst-a; liable; all work guaranteed; will
go out at $1 ■ a day. Call or address 631
Fourth st.
TWO German girls wish positions to cook or do
general housework: city or country. Call 14
>i Capp sil 1
DRESSMAKER from New York will make
suits for $4; one price; high grade work and 1
perfect tit. Z2O Eddy st . next Alhambra.
TRAINED nurse Is desirous of day nursing.
For further particulars address H. Call
branch office. 1223 Polk st.
COMPETENT woman with child 2 years old
wishes a po"!t* or » as housekeeper In city or ,
short distance In country; references. Call
1520 Fifteenth st^
WINCHESTER House. 44 Thlr.l sL. near Mar-
ket; 2"0 rooms; 2".c to $1 SO right Ji '■■ to >•
week: convenient an.l respectable; free bus
and baj!g«re to and from terry.
CI ASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at '"all branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has '-.!; *?tnl'li^h*l at the
northwest corner Of Twenty-second end Ken-
tucky ts. Open till 9 p. m.
i:Mi'i.ov >ik\t WANTED MALE.
YOUNO German, speaks goo,! English, desires
► ituntton in store or grocery. Pleas* call at
s*o Elliott Park aye.. bet. O'Farrell and Geary
MS., off Stelner. _________
WORK, by young man; fairly educated; strict-
ly temperate; some business experience. Ad-
dress bex 1455. Call.
POSITION wanted— German middle-aged cook;
sternly and sober; In small hotel or restau-
rnnt;l6 years' experience. Box 14t<3. Call.
Y<»UNG man i 25) seek* position at anything;
•lay or monthly, with board: sober. Box
12C2. Call.
GOOD painter and gralner wants work by day;
city or country. LEON 1.. 1060 Howard r. 23.
YOUNG man would like position In store or as-
*ist In oftice work. Call or address 74 Ninth. 1
FIREMAN wants position to flre steam boiler
or run engine; city or country. Box .-:. Call.
COACHMAN, competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches, de-
eirrs a permanent situation. As to qualifica- !
tion. Al references, etc., address C. S., loa
Jackson st.
FIRST-CLASS short-order and French dinner
cook want* position for December 1 or Tlianks-
giving: reference given; wages after trial.
•JU^ Polk st.
POSITION In who Wale house to learn busl-
n«-h«. salary no object; references. Box 1300,
Call office.
PASTRY cook and confectioner would like po-
sition ■- second or third hand; town or 1111.
try; age 21. Box 14f4. Call office.
WANTED— A situation us coachman; A No. 1
horseman: city references; strictly temperate.
Address box 1411. Call office, Oakland.
GERMAN and wife want situations to go to
Cape Nome as cooks for company of miners;
bfft of reference. Address M. W., box 1276,
Call office.
WANTED — Place ns coachman by a yotin*
Swede; best of reference. Inquire at liii
Mission >«t.
POSITION wanted by competent butcher; shop,
market or hotel . refermre. 4 Marje terrace,
off Turk st , near Larkln. or tel. gutter 55.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook; hotel or DStltU-
tlon; city or country. Box us:. Call office.
THOROUGH printer, accustomed to country
office*, wants position as compositor or fore-
man en country weekly. Box ..- Call office,
FIRST-CLASS baker and pastry cook wishes
position; clty_or country. Box 12*9. Call.
ENGINEER of long experience on stationary
engine* and erecting pump plants wants posi-
tion; llrst-class references. Address B. (A.,
Engineer, Martinez, Cal.
BY young German thoroughly versed In the
wholesale liquor line; has had experience as '
salesman .1 shipping clerk: »<-..(l penman;
good references. Box 1291, 1 .ill office.
DRUGGIST. registered. expert "dispenser!
fpeuks English. German. French and Italian.
good references, seeks engagement: country
preferred. Chemist, box 1292. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country: reference. Box 1353. Call.
JAPANESE boy wants to work In a small fam.
|iy as ■chot.lboy. Y. ZEN. SO7 Polk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch flee, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offl-e for Call advertisements and
sul-iiTlptiuns haa be^n established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office •...-..,...- of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened !
at 1223 Polk st.; open til! 9 p. m .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lON Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103€ Va- '
lew !a st.
EXrEUT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAY! FILE German expert optician. !
1071' i Market st . San Francisco; exam. free.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. 1.1.--' 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 41! MONTOOMERT
SIS— 1 Hollls; 6 rooms and bath.
120—1721 McAllister; 7 room and bath.
ti :. 4i,< Stevenson; 4 rooms.
ELEGANT Cat; 6 rooms and bath: all latest
Improvements. 713 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN It HOWELL, Id
Montgomery at.
FLAT. • rooms, yard. 114; also cottage. 4
rooms, $10. Key C 23 Second st.
FLAT of 9 rooms and bath. 61 Hermann st..
corner of Stevenson.
MCALLISTER, ll» Upper flat. 7 rooms, with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
BUNNY corner flat; Twenty-second and Castro;
6 rooms and bath.
SUNNY bay window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each: first and second floors. 4ITW4 Third.
BUNNY flats I and 4 rooms and baths. Inquire
at 16?« Howard St., near Twelfth.
WELL furnished flat of I rooms; piano; call
from 4 to 6. J7T6 Howard st.
125— NEW upper flat; S rooms and bath. 160]
Turk St.. corner Pierce.
7 SUNNY rooms; bay-window modern flat. ITU
Polk St., near Clay; $26.
$». LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 17 Pearl St., off
Market, near Valencia.
$10— FLAT of 4 rooms to let. 818 Folsom it.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. It pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Cansda one rear for $1,
posture paid.
FLATS WANTED. """'
WANTED— Four or five room furnished flatTby
Eastern family; state full particulars. Box
U<-S<. all office.
FtKMTIKK FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sites $2 90
heavy matting. 100 per yard; 80x«0 Inch rugs'
II Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
•• . near Broadway; open evening.
FURNITURE of _ &-room flat. 3 bed. sitting.
kitchen; cheap; month's rent pd. 25 Birch aye.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for MS SO. with No
7 <.:.' King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 771 Mission St., m
the highest price for yoor 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— $5000 carpets, furniture, etc; highest
price paid; postal. 11. vent tin. 1121 Mark*:
FUR HI Kits. FIKH. KTC
ELECTRIC seal caps*. Astrmkaa yokes. $10 to
$20. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 K*:irnv. top floor.
UI.LI" — AGENTS.
WANTED— A few good solicitors for a popular
fraternal Int-utance order for city and country.
J. F. SMITH. D. s. C, room 47. Hotel Grand.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AN Institution cook. $36. city. IIIS.< CULLEN,
X2.i butter St.
F EN Cn or ss P a nJ*h girl to mind child. $15.
Miss CULLBK. 325 Suiter st.
NURKE and seamstress. $20. Oakland; nurse.
Santa Cru«. $20. MISS CULLEN. SO Sutter.
W ANTED-Olrl for light housework; no chil-
dren; evenings and Sunday afternoons free-
mutt sleep at home. Apply at 21CS Taylor St..
9 to 11 a. m.
A KAI'Y hairdresser; one that understand*
shorthand and typewriting. MOLERS Bar-
_ It and Halrdresslng College. 635 CUy st.
A LADY hairdresser for three hours' work each
day MOLEH'S BARBER AND HAIHDRESS-
ING COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
2 YOUNO girts Just arrtT«-d from Germany
wish situations at general housework. Please
apply at 442H Jessie 3 t.. near Sixth.
WANTED— GirI about 14. assist with baby and
light housework. 120 Olive aye.. near Van
Ness.
WANTED Neat girl for light housework; 3 In
family. Call at 113: , O'Farrell st.
NICE girl for housework. al*o nurseglrl. 613
Geary st.
GIRL or middle-aged lady to do general house-
work. Call after 12 o'clock at 631 Geary st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; call early. 631
WANTED— Finisher on vests; call Thursday.
239 Kearny it . room 11.
GIRL for light bouaework In forenoon; small
Place; wages lIP monthly. 710 Lombard st.
YOUNG girl to aaaial In light housework;
wages $10. rap Twenty-first ft.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework
Apply at 2114 Green st.
YOUNG girl 14 to 1« to help mind baby. liM
Poet st.. near La gun a.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework]
1527 Mason st.
YOUNG ladles— If you want to make $2 to $4
_ per day call at 39 Turk st . parlors 25, 26.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
04 r Qongh and Grove st*.
LADIES' Cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
outfittir.K Co., iv • Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFEI) advertisements and subcrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
a BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened '
_ at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
subscriptions ha," been established at the i
northwest corner of Twenty second and Ken-
_}_ x ____ }»-__Op*n till > p. m.
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10W Va-
lencla st.
HKI.I» WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & ReXdT PHONE MAIN 5343
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY 7 A. M
6 laborers, also 4 drillers, city Jobs $60 i
12 farm and orchard bands !
;:• •• Ms, $26. $20 and found >
.'* odchoppers and tie-makers, tools and
food furnished, boss at our office
$2 50 and $1 corJ. 1".-, 120 each
14 two and four horse teamsters, fare $1
• $2 and $2 25 day
2 stonemasons, rough rubble work. ...s:. day'
coachman, boys to drive was. • etc
.... * CARPENTERS '
8 hours work, 2 months' Job. | ire paid. .s3 day
MURRAY A: READY.
€31 U-..1 636 Clay et.
HOTEL DEPT . BAKERY DeJt!
« cooks, city and country
♦« 541. $40. XL. $30 and found
head waiter, country hotel $35 and found
4 waiters, city and country jibs
$30, V:s. $20 and found
2 bakers, country shop* HO. $30 and found
experienced delicacy store man $40 and found I
piano player, country $10 week and found
MURRAY .< READY.
634 and 636 Clay st. ;
"
WANTED
Young man, single, who ha» hud experience
driving bakery or grocery wagon in city: ref- I
erences required, steady pla^e, $30 to JSS j>er
month and found ....
cook and dishwasher for small country hotel,
near city. $40 and J.*"
waiters, country hotels, near city. $15 and
V. M: miners. $2 50 day. an.l others. W. D.
EWER & CO., «10 Clay it
C. R. lIANSEN A CO IC4 Geary st. I
Teamsiers for the Coast road, free faro;
stonemasons, $3 50 a day. free fare; 2 miners.
$2 JO I day; 10 farmers for 01 chard work, $2i>
and board.
Cook for a hospital, country $4". waiter for 1
a cafe. $«0. C. R. HANS EN &' CO.. IM Geary.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ
F.inployment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver and col-
lect; salary lIS a week and expenses; state,
age. etc. Globe Company, 723 Chestnut ft..
Philadelphia Pa.
WANTED Foreman in large cm.i yard: one
who understands hln business and Is willing
to work. Apply 204 Front st . first floor. 'J
o'clock Friday or Saturday morning.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver goods and
collect; will pay $15 per week; must have $75
eashj steady place. Apply 1016 Market, r. 10.
YOUNG man. bookkeeper and typewriter; wili-
ng to 1. generally useful; Hat* age, expert-
ence, salary: references. B.»jt 1491. Call.
WANTED- Retourhers at the. Stanford Studto,
731 Market st : nnne but Al need apply. Call
between 8 and 9 a. m.
TREASURER for theatrical company; quick;
experience unnecessary; $100 cash security.
Box 1455. Call.
WANTED Boy of good family, about 14 to
apprentl c In Jewelry store. Apply 308 Hayes.
WANTED— Good cake baker. 1139 F..1-om St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
MEN to work clearing and planting crops on
chares; Santa Mountains. IS East st.
WANTED Blacksmith for a ship. HER-
MAN'S. 26 Kfuiinrt st.
WANTED— Boy to drive with physician, at-
tend door and make himself generally useful;
wages $3 per week; breakfast and lunch. Ad-
dress. Mating ait', Physician, box 1299. Call.
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler. 32S Bush st. third
floor, mom 4. *
WANTED— First-class quarry and planer men.
Colusa Stone Co.. 206 Kearny st.
600 PAIRS men shoos, slightly damaged, half
price. r.,l Mission st . bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED First-class bootblack to rent stand;
good location. 120& Market; barber shop.
WANTED— Genteel appearing, live and ener-
getic men out of employment: good Induce-
ments to the right parties. Call at 300 Post !
St.. Tuesday and Wednesday evenings be- '
tween 7:30 and 8:30 o'clock; any morning be-
tween 8 and » o'clock.
EXPERIENCED manager for medlum-slsed
printing office; must be competent proof-
reader. permanent position to good live man.
Address, with references, stating ability. A.
_ 8.. box 309. Call office.
EXPERIENCED clerk for notion and furnish^
Ing goods store; must be good on dressing
show windows; permanent position to good
live man. Address, with references. H. A..
box Sl5. Call office.
BARBERS-2-chalr hotel barber shop In *c
center of this city; reason, death of proprie-
tor; must be sold; rent $25. For particulars
call on H. BCHEtTNERT. 927 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalorue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy to learn gents' furnishing goods
business. LUBIN'S. 611 Montgomery st.
BARBERS — A 2-cha!r completely furnished
shop, with llvlnc room, to let or for sale
cheap; corner. 3450 Twenty-fifth st near
A alencla,
WANTED— Swansen the washer to send his
_ addrets to P. Q. box 557, Woodland. Cal.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
SOe. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— waiter; one that can open
oysters. 105 California Market.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S, 24 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD * CO., attor-
— neya. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
SUITS to order on Installments at oaah prices.
$1 week, N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kea my.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and Cc
per night. Llnqell. «th and Howard; read. rm.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
Pins Denver House. 217 Third St.; 160 Uxv*
rooms: 25c per night; 81 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st . near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 28c night; reading room: free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HELP WANTED— SHALE.
WANTED— 100 men to try our ;r- breakfast,
dinner or supper; beit In city. 496 McAllister
st.. near Polk.
TRY Acme House. 967 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220) Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until • p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »t*. . open till 9 p. m.
4 .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
BOMBS, LIVi: STOCK, BiO For Sale
MUST be sold— Nice residence of • rooms; all
modem; fine location: barn, tank and tank-
house; large grounds; beautifully laid out;
a sacrifice; make offer. Owner, box 1207. Call.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
M HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1(25 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
WANTED— Good light sing:- wagon, horse and
harness; cheap. 44 Donohoe building.
GRAY team for doctor or undertaker, standard
bred; nl«-.> business horse. 1636 Mission st.
A CARLOAD of good work horses. one span
weighing 3000. 1751 Mission st.
HOUSES — LODGING — Foil SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO. .....
Wit MARKET 5T. ...1026 MARKET ST.
23 rooms; rent HO: one floor $600
It rooms: piano: corner; clears $100 ... 1150
40 rooms; rent $100; corner; clears $200.. 2700
Ci rooms: cheap rent; a snap ISOO
$MVO ■■ loan on furniture at 2 per cent.
11 ROOMS; well fur.; steady roomers: north
Market; bargain. ALFA CO.. 935 Market.
GOOD paying; to rooms; rent $50; for sale
cheap. 247 Second st.
SUNNY flat; all rented; select roomers; over
drugstore. IWI Folscm st.
18 ROOMS elegantly furnished, cost $3500 (new),
tISOO. Box 13.' 1. Call office.
29 ROOMS, rent $9); north of Ellis, nr. Jones
St.; $1150. Bos 288. Call office.
BRICK block In Los Angeles to trade for hotel
and business. C. D. DAVIS, 11C4 Market st.
16- ROOM boarding-house; Geary St.: $1150; want
larger house. Box 13T.0. Call office.
HOt Ms TO LET.
A — PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. M SPnrK * CO., Ml Market.
HOUSES. FLATS.
l:'4l Taylor. I r..550 OfllSlO McAllister. 7 r $30 00
3561 2Cth. J. r 25 03! .44 Frederlrlc, « r. 25 0C
247 Fair Oaks. ; r. 22 M 1.!2A Castro, 6 r.. 22 60
617 Diamond. 5 r. IS OfljSM Harrison, 6 r. 1« 00
RENT *! j— Houte 8 rooms and bath; large yard
arid hlg basement. JS4 Eureka st. ; key at 3M
Eureka m near Twenty-first.
COFFET. HUGHES & HERBBT removed to «M
Market st.. opp. Palace lei; houses, f!at«.
etc.. nil rites and prices, to let.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you i*t from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
l" Montgomery st.
BROADWAY, 19CS— 6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20.
CHEAP- 10 rooms and bath; In excellent order;
only $20. C: Tehama St., near Second.
HOUSE of » rooms and bath; furnished. $35;
unfurnished $23. 1116 Leavenworth st.
$12— HOUSE of 4 nwms: grand view; to a small
family only. 425 Fremont St.. near Harrison.
12 ROOMS and hath; Geary st . ODD. Union
square; partly rented. Box A: 2. Call.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— SmaII house or flat, with convenl-
ence of stable, In city. Box 1255. Call.
LOST \.mi FOUND.
TUESDAY evening; op«l scarf pin, surrounded
by diamonds: $10 reward If finder will re-
turn to 555 Market st.
DIAMOND stud, 14 karat: reward 126 Kearny
»t.. room C; lost Wednesday aftem • n
THE lady who dropped umbrella from Sacra-
mento-st. car will receive sume at C 26 Powell
ft. upon description and payment of adver-
tisement.
FOUND — Gray horse; owner run have same by
proving property and paying .expenses. Ai.-
ply WM. SAVAGE. 649 Bryant st.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE.
GOLD quartz rock, small Of large pieces, \Z2
pel ounce for th» gold In It. 223 Bush st.,
third floor, room 4.
BOILERS, engines, M-hand machinery. Me-
INTOBH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, buck bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fl m furniture and fixture**; new and second-
hand .1 NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-IW3 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, M.id and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charltf* Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store,
711 Market Ht . In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store in the block, his name belnc In
full over the si re (CHARLES LYONS).
LAUNDRY machinery, etc.— Washer. 4Sx4O; ex-
tractor. 26 In.; Bendy box mangle; hand ex-
tractor; copper boiler, 40x36. open top; No. 4
Triumph tteam generator. 766 Bryant st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, reatdenoas; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St.. S. F. Cat
AN elegant pair diamond sleeve buttons for $10:
cost originally $20. UNCLE HARRIS, II
Grant aye.
YOUNG thoroughbred Eskimo d. g from Alaska
for F.ile cheap. 1220 Cortland aye.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" an all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. S. R.
CHURCH, 307 Bansome st. . tei Main 5056.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARIUNE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIOALUPI,
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold W. C BENTHAM, SIS Kearny st.
A-J3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 320 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
FOR «ale— Wine and liquor route, with horse
and wagon. 1411 Pacific st.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-band heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
ANTIQUE brass candelabrum, 400 years old.
and chandeliers for sale. 728<4 Howard st.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARI/JRP. SI3 Montgomery st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENBEN,
reliable jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planer*. lathes,
Iron & wood: M hand. J. BURKE, 13» Beale.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engine*, 11. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers.
water pipe: n-».2'l hand Whltelaw.2l« Spear.
DR. CRBELT*B C. P. Worm Pills; by all drug
gists, or Dog Hospital, 810 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st
BARS, counter*. showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. UK Mission: tel. Jessie 1163.
MISCELLANEOUS WANT*.
WANTED— 2 good can-luge horses or mares:
must be sound and gentle and fast; cheap.
239 Post St.. room 6.
WANTED— Sound carriage horse or mare; go
In good time; must be reasonable. Address
GARDENER. 244 Post st.
WANTED— GoId quartz rock fit for Jewelry;
' $21 per ounce for gold in it. 328 Bush St., 3d
floor, room 4.
LOT 25x100. city, exchange lodging house or
furniture of any kind. 1297 Folsom st.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness anil pead bars; long Job. E B
STONE.. Elmhurst.
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and sold. J. Sllverman. 954 Folsom. nr. Bth.
— — — — _
MKUICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist
formerly of 401 Van Noss aye.. 1262 Market'
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office. $s; warranted: 15 years' successful prac-
tice In 8. F. Office. IB Eddy St.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases, guaranteed treat-
ment at office, $5. HI Post st., between Hyde
and I-nrkln; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients in confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care
MRS. DR. GWYER, MO Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours— lo to 11, ito 4 and
7 to 8.
MEDICAL.
DR. POPPER, ladies' physician for 37 years:
call on physician with man's knowledge; $'•:
cure sent: privet* home In confinement. 318
Kearny st. : consultation free. guaranteed.
PRIVATE confinement home: sunny rooms;
best of care: nice garden: madlcated st*nm
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2751: res.. 1"12 Goiden Gate aye.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 12: Mark-t: ladles*
physician; chronic diseases treated: late sclen.
tlftc methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
MRS. DR. KOHL. ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket at., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: hours 9 a. m. to & p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1^35 Mark-t »t : hours. 10
a. m. to 5 p. m ; at residence. 22* Van Ness
aye., I to 9 p. m. ; guaranteed treatment, |j.
DR. WISE, the Indies' specialist. HIS Market
st : every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. th* world-renowned
ladles* specialist. 1023* Market ft.
DR. WONG HIM. barb doctor, treat* all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S n*w« for 5 cents— Th* W**klv Call.
18 pares. In wrapper, for malllnr. SI i-- v-ar.
MINES AM) MIM.XG.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. ktb
floor. Mills building. S. F.; tel. Main *44
RICH Care Nome claim on branch of Russell
Creek. OIM>-half Interest for WOO: by young
man In immediate n**d of fund*: full detail
on application: excellent opportunity for party
going thtr-. W. F. ARAM. Mill.-* b!dg.. S. F.
3IOAEV TO LOAM.
AVOID delays; try alloth-rs. tht-n see me; $50 to
to S1W,000:"6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In pr^li:ite. undivided lnt*r-sts In
♦«t:»t*s, legacies and mortgages bouzht; advt-*
and nioti. ■;• furnished. P. A. Polar.. «3i Markt.
ANY proposition: any amount; 6 p»r cent: flrst.
second mortgage*, estat-* In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential; advice free. G. K.
OLBBJN room 1«. Brat floor. Chronicle bide.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alam-da at lowest rates. without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1021 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at •; per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bote; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business -Is*-
ivhrr*. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r 3.
ON furniture and piano* without removal,
quick service: money direct and lowest Inter- j
ssi Room Ci and «9. Donohoe I'.Ul*.. 1170 Mar-
ket st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rotes. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 14« Market
*t.; '- Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
ON real et-tate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or piano*: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECK El 26 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price fur old gold. *llv*r. diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furnltur* and
pianos; no removal, low rates; contld*ntlal.
BONKLLI. Cons-rvwtory bldg.. ISO Powell «t.
AT IK Kearny. room 9. a respectabl* and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dia-
mond*, etc.; lowest rat**; take elevator.
MONEY to loan on city realty. estates rents,
llano., furniture, etc. A. M. SPECK A CO.
CASH loaned to salaried peopl* on note with-
out Indorser. MOItRELL. CC9 Examiner bld».
TO salaried men; without collateral or In-
tlorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Ph-lan big.
|j.nr.., TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON A CO , 102« Market st.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California St.. room 7.
160 TO $50,000; lowest rat»-«; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK.. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market ft.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th* W**kly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
I'nlt*d Stat*s. [>o«tr>nld. for II i*r ■....-
MUSICAL IN* j ill is.
AGAIN me remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they ran be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three yearn and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new uprUht
pianos for $( per month, and some good
pianos for M. $1 and $5 p*r month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Stelnw^y Dealer*, cor-
ner Kearny and Suttrr sts.. San Francl-co;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and price*: terms easy; prices lowest; every- I
thing possible done to plraae and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE ptanca; new scale; new styles. KoH-
LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farr-11 st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
14. $4, 14. $4, $4. $4 p*r month.
2 '"nickering*. 2 Btelnways, l Vest A Sons and
fifty other slightly used high and medium
grade pianos: special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
THE best plane* for the lea-t money at MAU-
VAIS. 7CS Market st.
BEE the new 1. 1. K.ir 1 U,anos and organ* at
M AUVAIfi 76!* Market!* they ar* beauties.
OLYMPIA miihle box** are th* latest and bast;
th-> play all kinds of tunes. Agrncy at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
SECOND hand, upright or square piano; must
be in good order: vrry cheap, for cash. Ad-
dress, stating pric* and here to b* seen,
MRS. GKOKGE KEYSKR. Peralta P. O.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
- pianos; price* reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post ••
CLOSING out a lot of second-hand ... on
Horace nt auction pric**; cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A VERY fine upright, slightly used, sacrificed
for cash. Room 12. Flood building.
FINE 1 :- her * Stelnwaj upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness are., nr. Geary st.
W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. age ! f>r
Francis Bucon and Hallelt A Davis pianos.
WANTED— .quare piano*. BYRON MAUZY.
30S Pott st.
GOOD uprlcht plnno. nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNO. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. BCHMITZ. 1*
McAllister St., next Hlbernln Bank.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 301
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUIJ..ER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 page*, sent to «.n«- address In the
Tilted State* no«tn*M for tl r>*r v»»r
OFFICES AM) STORES-— TO LET.
ELEGANT large store; 4 fine rooms In rear;
large dry basement: suitable for any business.
MS Valencia st.. under Hotel Dennlston cor-
ner Twenty-first; business center of Mission.
DESK room In Parrott building to let. Call 422
Parrott building between 2 and I p. m.
TO LET Nice store and cement basement. 621
Vall*Jo St., cor. Montgomery nve. . cheap.
EMMA ■PRRCKCLfI bulldlne. Mark-t nt. -
I.'rlit minnv offlr---i. $j» so »n tjo per month.
PALMISTRY.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home: engagements by
phone Larkln 1066. MRS. L.
PERSONALS.
RAO carpeu w..v* to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. CEO. MATTHEWS. 79 Fifth. Oakland.
WANTED— WeII-to-do family^ to ~* give good
home to bright girl 10 years and boy 7 years.
Box 1412. Call office.
LEDERER'B QUINTONICA hair tonic will
give any one a beautiful head of hair. LED-
KRER uses no other. Mo bottle. i:3 Stockton.
GO to LEDERER. he does your hair in the
most becoming style for 25c: manicuring IV.
switches $1 tip; open Sundays and holilldaya.
9 a. m. to 12 m. G. L-d*rer, 123 Stockton st.
PIANO tuning and repairing. G. H. Xl HN,
formerly with Stelnway A Sons; re* C3O loth.
cor. Clay. Oakland; 25 years' experience.
MRS. L.J. WHEELOCK hna removed La Verlt*
r«rlors to 1140 Market st.; phone Folsom ML
MANILA French laundry; cleaning, dyeing.
curtains, Ik up. avoid holiday rush. Ml Geary.
rRSG SITTINGS FOR BUST CABINET
PHOTOS: no deposit: every Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday of this month at
MacLEI.LAND.g. 4( O'Farrell st.
ELEQa;:'. remnants for suits. $10 7s; pants.
S3 75. or overcoats. $12 SO: made to order:
sample* sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. '44 Market st . St. Nicholas Hotel.
ARTISTIC halrdresslng. Me; shampooing. 16«;
hairdreislng and manicuring taught. (*p-to-
Date Parlors. 1026 Market it., over Wonder.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
A KLEIN buy* clothing, bric-a-brac, tools and
old gold: send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ONLT store that buys old gold. Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLE MAN" 8. So< Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. R. MARKS. 2C9 Third. St.; send postal.
PERSONA.*.
~/oHN*~IT~BOON E. Patent Trademark l
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Butter st. I Laws a specialty.
San Francisco. Cat. American and Foreign
Send for clrrular. i Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third •' . near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night: $1 M to $1 per we-k;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade co*-
turner*; make-up and wig»: country orders so-
Ilclted. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market st.
PAINTING and paperhanglr.g; rooms papered.
$2 to up. JENSEN Ac nATH. 3OT Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; books bought.
sold. exchgnr*d. IV, Dapont st . near CaJ.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialist*, grow half
or no pay; book for stamp. ( Eddy st
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china deo-
orators. gee S. R. CHURCH. 307 Pan some st.
LACHMAN tt CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garrr.*nt>: also deling 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full vain* for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. IV7 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture »>ur*d: no knife: no fnjec-
tlon: ruarnntd. Dr. Oordln. El 4 Pin*. ab Krnr.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf'g. 0 NOLTE.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and v •• 1
CHEAPEST and best in America The Weekly
Call. It pages, sent to any address In th*
United States or Cnr.ada one year for II
r"*«tnc» mid
riioT(H.it\i'iin SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; nquare deal and
prompt »*r\ic*: country r4#n our sr>*clalty;
ratal' fre*. Cal Cnrn*n Co . 22 Geary st.
PROP ICY i<> in- ;
MECHANICS* INSTITUTE.
To lease— Block No. 2. 412:8x275: boundM by
Larkln. Hay**. Polk and Grove ••» ; for a
tern, of years
Proposal* will be received at the Mechanics'
In.-tltute. 31 P. It st.
REAL ESTATE CITV — FOR SALE.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT. RESIDENCE
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
at SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
MONDAY. DECEMBER 11. ISM.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
REFEREE SALE IN PARTITION.
The 9 following properties by order of J. C.
Cullln. Mnrtin Steven* and John 8. Rolls, ref-
erers. Maurtce L. Asher. attorney for referee*.
CO3 California.
No. 1.
SW. corner San son. and Greenwich sts. ; old
Improvements; rent SCO per month; lot M »*
:37:«.
No 1
21S-20-22 Lexington aye <Stev*n»on St.): thre*
house* of 6 rooms and bath each; rents Sut per
month: street accepted; lot Sox7o.
No. 3.
Lots 11. 19. 20, 21. 34. 41. 42. 43. 47 and U. hi
block 4 of Gnrrfen Tract Homestead Associa-
tion; lots 25x120 each.
No. 4.
Ixits 1. 2. S. 4. 5. «. 24. 25. 2«. 27. M. ». t».
33. 34. m, 38. S7. 3*. 39. 40. 41. 42. 45, 4«. 47 and
a. In block 5 of Gard*n Tract Homestead As-
sociation; lots 2&X120 each.
No. 5.
Lot- 1 to 44. both Inclusive. In block • *f
Garden Tract BOOM*****] Association. '
No. 1
--.» 1 to 14. both Incluslv*; also that portion
of block south corner of San Bruno aye. and
Pnui aye.. SE 152:«\. SW. 75, NW. M:U*4. N.
51 i'«. In block 7. Garden Tract Homestead As-
soclatlon.
No. 7.
I-ot In the town of Calp*lla. Mendortno Co..
BW. corner Jackson and M sts.. In block II; lot
2Wx.ICO; i frontages.
No. I.
A LAM EDA COUNTT.
1231 Park aye.. bet. San Jos* and Ban Anto-
nio ayes.. Alarreda; house of 7 rooms and bath;
rent $25 per month; lot 50x12«:4.
No. >
All of section **. In township i south, range
24 east. Mount Diablo Baa* and Meridian, con*
talntng »4 acre* more or less, all situate parti/
In la* County of Mad-ra and partly In th*
County of Fresno.
For further part Mars apply at our office.
•, li I MBSEN A CO.. Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery street.
A. M . SPECK & CO.. M? Market st.
$lOCO— Lot near Mission and 3d sts.; 10-foot
front.
$20<j0 — flats, rents %3" downtown.
U6IQ— 6 flats near (th and Mission; rents $44;
want offer.
SsOuO— 3 flats: California st.; rents 543.
$•***>— Post St.; 3 flats: rent* $£0; bargain.
$7i©o— Near Powell and Bush; I new Cats;
rents about ISO.
110.730 Fell St., near Ashbury; I fine flats:
rents 535.
112..."" Store and flats; near Market and Tay*
lor: toot front; rents $100.
$13,100— Geary St.. near Mason; stor* and lodg-
ing house.
J14.:.u" Hush St.. near Mason: new Cats; rents
$142.
$21. C00— Near 4th and Jessie; lot IS iU I and
Improvement*.
ST7.f,CO— Store and 2< rooms above: modern;
near Eddy and Jones; pays 7 per cent net.
$io.co»>— 7SxB2 feet: Geary St.. near Taylor.
$315. VA— Downtown; modern brtck structure;
co.«t 5425.f«i0: net* 6 per c*nt.
Best list of busln*ss and residence properties.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. CT7 Market St.. opposite
K»arny -
SOL OET7. * BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER MAUN
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lot«. superb location;*, lowest prices.
$300 to $SCO— Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes.. ready to build on;
$25 down. $10 monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye., near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lots. $10 monthly.
$75 to Ocean Boulevard lot*. S3 monthly.
lino to $250— Mission st. and Ocean View lots.
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM A CROCKER BUILDINO.
__^___ I^Zll____ '
S34CO— MODERN 5-room cottage on btturnlnli-i
■tract; lot 25x130; also a large 7 room fioua*
on I'terce St., near Halght; houses built to
suit purchaser: ea-y terms. luqulrw on prem.
i»*s. F. NELSON, builder.
WE can help you buy a horn* by advancing
the necessary rr.onry. ACME nuiLDINO
AND LOAN ASSOCIATION. 14 Post st.
FOR sale cheap; new 2-story house*; 7 rooms;
latest improvements; No* and Hilt st. near
Castro st. cars, patent sidewalk.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gat* Park,
west of First ay*.. and you wish to sell them,
rail on W. J. OUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th* Weekly
Call. If page*, cent to any addresa In th*
United States or Canada MM year for SI,
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE — Mill — Por Sal*
FOR Bale— One hundred acres choice b**t land.
on* mile from Salinas. B. 11. GRAVES. Sit
Hayes st.
SMALL farms for sal* in Santa Crux Moun-
tain*; easy term" good for chicken*. 11 East.
REAL ESTATE m WTKI).
WANTED— Lot 40 or 50 ft., on Howard or Fol-
som sts., E. of Fourth. Address ■} H. C.
box 1457. Call office
ROOMS rOB HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been opened,
at 1223 Polk St.; open until » p. m.
BIRCH aye.. 38— Nice sunny front room and
kitchen; quiet people only; no children.
BUCHANAN. *H. cor. F*ll-Sunny bay wln-
don and kitchen, with stove and pantry; $13.
EDDY. 207 — Nicely furnished pleasant front
rooms; gas; bath; terms reasonable.
EIGHTH. 348. near Market— One or two sunny
front room*, with regular kitchen: furnished
for housekeeping; bath; private family.
FIFTH. S.*>3— 3 connecting furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. $13; also single rm-.. $5. %• and $7.
FULTON. 21S-3 or more housekeeping rooms
with gas and coal stove and running water.
v.' .11. C4O, near Fulton— Unfurnished house-
keeping room*; use of bath.
HARRISON. 711 — Two sunny unfurntshn.
hous*kec[>li>c rooms; Jv
LEWIS. ii. off Taylor, near Post— a complet-ty
furnished front rooms; $14.
MINNA 2s— Furnished room* and sunny base-
ment housekeeping rooms cheap.
NATOMA. 11. b*t. First and Second— Two nlc*
rooms to let. unfurnished. suitable for novae*
keeping, rent reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 114-Two sunny front rooms,
nlcrly fun. • - for housekeeping.
TURK. 6O2A— 3 nicely furnished room* for
housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED adv*rtl»*m*nt» and *üb«rrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 72 0 I 1 'm re st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* ha* been established at th*
northwest corner of Twerit> second and Ken / «
tucky streets. Open until '.< p. m
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencia st.ROOMS TO LIST— Korn. -nd I nforti.
A imAXCt! office for the reception of • Jver- *
t i-.:nT.t» and *ul scrlptk ns has been opened
at I*3*l Poik at.; ox>en until *p. n». ■ . ...
AN up-to-<!ate new fireproof bul«.dlnir~San An-
t r.lo: new furniture, hot and cold water ra-
d!au>rs. gnu*-*, «n.t-.-: when w»en are aprreci-
E-..J. :i Taylor n . wear Market.
;.--LMUNSwirK"iVdy>r:~i4s">tl^_l t ' o^n;
:-c tJ SI per night: tl 25 to fi per week and
;;lM housekeeping ;_open all night.
AT Hotel rranclfcco. Turk and Taylor %i* —
Homelike hou**: modem nervlce; elevator-
bath^ nvrnisjloc to II 10 day. Mns. J. KINO.
BKODEIUCK. 2122— Large sum., front room to
let.
i.IHNETT. 142* Market (old NoTT«;4)-Fur-
_ Mt-hrd mm..' 1 , nalUa, *ln»;le£ also untumt*h*d.
CAnROLTOx] i?« Markctrcor.~GoldMrGate
aye —Sunny comer; well furn: rms. 4 offices.
iI.ASSiriED t.flvert!*ements nn d subscriptions
!•■ • ci at Call branch office. :200 FUlmore at.
■ ; i :.- tlf— Larae sunny room; aultabla for~J
gentlemen; everything new.
FOURTH. iriH-Nlcely furnished sunny bay- !
avln4ow and ►.-■.*> room*: reasonable . quiet.
i*< M UTKKNTH. T2IA-Nlceiy 7u~rnished room.
mllabl* : r : »;entlemen^ala3 one single room.
GEARY, 14A— Nicr!y furnished nunny^ suite;
single ri«.ir.i». IS month up; water; gas..
GEARY «t . near Powell— A bright, sunny
n« in :n private family, suitable for lady or
ir<T.tlcn-.an; reference required. Bax 1278, Call.
GHAUT ."6— Nice tunny suite for noueekeop-
l:.i i i!if r rooma; hot and cold water; phone.
(SJHARD House— lS2 Seventh— Sunny furnished
roon:»; day or week; reasonable.
t'HAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Minion sto.— Sunny rooms, en suite cr
t-'.r.gle; la lies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
roort;!r.g house: |1 to to IS per we*k.
UARRIEON. 7HH. near Fourth— Finely fur-
niched room»; bath: all latest conveniences;
bomeUto; II swell up.
HAVES, 3M. cor. Van Ncsa are.— Large sunny
room, unfurnished; tl»o single, furnished.
HOWARD. TlS— 2OO ranny rooms; nicely fur-
nti-hrd; *v»ry convenience; electric light*.
HOWARD. 62»— Clean, respectable. 25c to II per
nlgt-.t: from II per m-cefc to 13; Howaxd-rt. car
to the <soor.
JEPfIE. Sirr—Lanre front room; also other !
ro«>mj; ccntlemen preferred.
JONES. 41S— Newly furnished «unny suite; also '
1 UrKe Hunny room, suitable for tw& j
rAARKET. 7Ci (Dewey House)— Sunny furnished
moms: day or we*k; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 702H— J nice rooms fr>r house-
keeping; *y*o single and suites; bath: aras.
"MINNA. 94H. rnaj>— Nlc« him - room.
MINNA CC7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
t-ay-wlndow room, fi f*r week: transient.
NEW Arlington. Ml 5 Market— Nicely furnUhed;
Be day up; 12 week up; transient.
DAK. 1!?— Lanr« newly furnished •m; gentle- |
i-. .- preferred :. ra» and bath.
OTAHnniJ* 2<>— Sunny furnished rooms and
ofn>*-*: elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. cno.
O'FARRELL. IH— Newly furn'.fhed. new house;
latrM Improvements: front rooms. IK up.
POWELL. €12A— Larr» sunny front and Lack
parlor, suitable for 2 irents; newly furnished.
iT'tPEDALn. 221 Elll*. cr. Taylor— lW rooms;
Etc a nIFM: II a week; transient.
H'IYAL H<*:m>. 12« Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reafilnir-roorn. smoklnr-rrom and ladies' par- |
I^r: r.-><im*. j*r night. ST-e to 11 W; w~k. 12 to i
;*: month. 18 to |sf>; elevator on office floor;
rnnms with hot. cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S I-lghth st..
nr-ar Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER. SO9 — Cozy newljr papered rooms;
downtown; cents only.
SUTTER, 70S— Offlc* of late Dr. Robertson: also
rt.'ier sunny, handsome ma.
TTTn Oaks. 11? TT.lrd— A s;r>r>d — >.->m'.nr
fnr rood people. U. HUGHES. Proprietor.
A BRANCH nffW for Call advertisement* and
nibscriptlor.s has been established at IW6 Va-
lencia, st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
X«AD!ER — Chirhester'a English Pennyroyal PiU*
or* the Irfst; t.afe. reliable: t.tke no other;
neni 4c amps for particulars. "ReHef for
I^rtles," In letter by return mail: at drug-
rl«s <~hlch»Mer Ch.-mtcal <"<v. PhJladcl.. Pa.
SAD tenant* ejected fr.r '■ collections made;
city or country PACIFIC COLLECTION Co..
4lfi M-mtiromerT "-.. moms *-10; tel. K2O.
BOOMS papered from 13: whitened. II up;
iair.tlr.it d..tie. Hwrtman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
MS\Vl\4i MACHINES Oil SI'FFLIBS.
t! MOVTIILT. rented: repaired. bout-M. nr>ld:
rnachin* supplies. I*s Futh; phone Mint 41
ALL klrils bought. »r>id, exchanged, ronted ; r*.
tnlriri? at ln»-o*t raten. 5(C> Fourth st.
STOIIAGI2 AXO WAlli:HtU>l>.
riEUCE-nODOLPU Storagf and Mnvlnß~~CrT
f'iflce. 401 Port *t.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 6711.
CAI.A Storare Warehouse F. SMITH. Prop.,
"7 V;«>lr.n: goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 2S.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned TSc: guaranteed veurs
T^-f T'..y .Tewelry and »>rtl>-al m. M 0 Kearny.
• UEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASIEUA HEAL ESTATE.
A HOME "" '
S»nJ ."♦rcr.rtlnn. condition and location; I
■nIU flii.l yu one. A. H DUNICE SH.. 14W
\\»^tf-r >■♦.. A'am»da.
ALAMEOA lIOOMS AM> DOAHO.
HOME for ladle* In delicate health; Targe
«-r*iui)fl». private. MRS. DR. FTTNKE. 14K. gth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
MUD I HEAL ESTATE.
tIIOft— WORTH ir:.Vi": 5 lota. 40xi:7 each. md a
.r-r'>om. r -r'>om hfui-e; fu>j& well and puajp; $^>0 cosh;
(*l»nii> on tlrue to «ult purcha»er. W. C.
MOHAN.
11000-1100 iViWN, balance lIS per month, will
buy a i - 1 1 1 cottage •-•' aunny aide of ttreet.
W. <-. MO RAN.
|.i>v_SEK this; thla property sold for I 1800;
portiea going away; will take lino down, bal-
ance |12 |*r month. \Y. C. MORAN.
fIXOfr— BANK property: S larve rooms: lot 40«
IC9; near nchool and station, electric cara. etc.
W. C. MORAN.
K-V-FEE the** lots; «45128: worth IC00; only
two le!t. .-«-e W. C. MOIIAN. :. nn station.
pgrkeley.
MUST t- acid— Nice residence of 9 rooms; all
modern; fine location: barn, tank and tank-
house; :.•■.](■'■ arrounds; beautifully laid out,
a aacrifice; make offer. Owner, box 1207, Call.
S KI.KOANT t-roont colonial homes adjacent
UnlverkUy of Cal.; ]ust completed; porcelain
Tb&th; '..: :!■!...) tn natural wix>d; all modern
conveniences; tunny fraptaaje; ••rms If de-
»lrca. M. L. WURTS. ITth & B'way. Oakland.
to LOTS in Berkeley cut for a quick aale. E.
X Hrsrn, y.A Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND "ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— BROADWAY
OAKLAMI HEAL ESTATE.
A- 110 CASH. |« month till paid; chicken run;
W'xr.6 f.*t: xrlce. all told. I1S0; level land;
awiOy loam. J to 7 feet d"ep; no adobe; ifmty
of grnd water; «lte and climate superb; no
coJfl m-influ or fog* her*; bu'.lfl your home or
we will build for you: stop paying rent; near
electric cars and *0-foot-m-|(ie boulevard: not \
tar Ircm .. fr.e school: We*ta*l tract adjoln-
Ir.g lla«t Oakland: <all or send for circulars.
4M Bevrcth lit., iiear tor. Bruaiway Oakland-
carrtar" free. HENRY Z. JONES. Owner. '
4 ELEGANT houses in course of construction
" ;, 2M ?l? l - b ' t - Grtne ■M Went. 2 completed-
all modern improvements; street work, side-
walks done; email payment down; l.alan"*
monthly If desired: house* oi>»n for ln^ncrtion
10 to ♦ Runday*. J. H. SIMPSON: Hi t^hrt
V*. BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Corner r«"o;«>r1y: rent IM.WO; equity JJfKJ ftOO'
Iniercft I per c«nt; will exchang* for v dur-
able ranch ir. California,
JP-PAGH CATALOGUE.
Large Il*t of ranches for sale and rent. £
E. BUXCC » S iirundway. Oakland.
IT2OO .; "
I* ia-i:i price for a |4V>O house; think of it:
7-rncm house, with modern Improvements;
Al location and mrrfaindlng*: clone tn schools'
car*, t-tc; lot titlS'i; erl partlculart. J g"
MYKRS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
f27^V-ORiaiNAL cost 14500.
"An evmtful chance"; • .om hou«*. htth,
tas. mrnJ"ra plumbing: MaMe; fine location;
commanding ap|)earance; close to echoolk,
train, etc.; one seldom drops on to fich a
m bargain; first come, first served. J. 8.
1 MYERS. 10C2 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND I I KM I I UK FOB BALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shetlhaas. the
: fumltur* dealer, llth and Fntnktln. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. M (fifty cents
I«r share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY, will be payable at the office of
the company. 227 Market ft., on and after
FRIDAY. December 1. ISW. Transfer books
will close on SATURDAY. November 23. ISW,
at 12 o'clock in.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 ■■•■*. in wrapper, for mailing. ?i per year.
-
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
THE partnership rxl.-tinp between the under-
FiKne.l. under the firm name and style of
FRANK HUBEK & CO.. has been dissolved
by mutual consent this 29th day of November. 1
IKS 9. F. HUHKR will collect and discharge
the debts due to and by said partnership.
FRANK HITHER,
-• - '■■■'■• P. M. SHAFER.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.— ln the
matter of Occidental Beet Sugar Company, a
corporation, upon Us application for a Judg- ,
ment of dissolution.— Notice No. 70.422.
Notice In h-r. t.y given that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a oorpOratlen or-
irar.Ued and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the State, of California, and hay- !
ing it office and place cf business In the city
an.l county of San Francisco. State of Call-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
dress. to the Superior Court of the city and
county of Ran Francisco. State of California,
whtch application Is signed by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a Judg-
ment of dissolution of said corporation, and
1 that Friday. December 22nd. ItW, at 10 o'clock
a. m., at the courtrcom of said court. De-
partment Number Two. In the City Hall of
th» City and County of San Francisco, have
been '.pointed as the day. time and place for
the hearing of ltd application.
In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my
hand and affix-! the official seat of said Su- :
perior Court, this 2f'th day of November, 1891. |
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 20. 1599. WM.
A. : FANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
Deputy ''lerk
I'HOrOSALS.
PROPOSALS
For Materials for Repairs to 6traeta.
CLERK'S Offlc-e. Board of Supervisors, Ban
Francisco. November 2S. IS??.
In accordance with Resolution No. 5730
<Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisor*.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
oj-cn nesclon of the Board of Supervisors on
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON, December «.
ISS9. from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for furnishing and i
delivering the following materials, at such I
times and places on the water front (except
»here otherwise provided), as may be required
and designated by the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Streets, etc., and his successor In office,
from I>ecember 1. 1599. to L>ecember 1. IHK).
for repairs to public streets, to the satisfac- ■
tion of the Committee on Public Streets,
Highways and Squares, the Superintendent
of Public Streets and tils successor in office. ]
LUMBER— Of the best quality Oregon pine I
and redwood, assorted sites, as may be re- '
quired from time to time, to be delivered at |
the lumber yard of the successful bidder In |
this city and county at such times and In
Fuch quantities «i- may be required.
California basalt blocks— Best
' quality, to be not lens than J\i nor more than i
4S Inches In thickness and not less than 7
Inches In depth, and not le^s than I nor more
than 12 inches In length, well squared and
free from all flaws, cap and inches, Said
blucks to be delivered In such quantities and
at such times and places on the water front
as may be required and designated by the i
Superintendent of Public Streets, Highways ;
and Squares.
GRAVEL— To be of good quality beach
gravel, free from sand and dirt.
BRICK-Hard-burned, of the best quality '
PORTLAND CEMENT— Of the best quality,
which, after belr.g mixed one week, must show
a tensile strength of 240 pounds to the square :
Inch, to be delivered at the place of business
of -.he successful bidder.
NOTICE-Bldders will estimate with th*
DI lerstandtnf that bids will be entertained:
only from the parties known to be regular
dealers In the material required, and that the
Itoard of Supervisor* Intends to award sepa-
rately each kind of material required to the
-owest ifsponsll'- bidder therefor, and bid-
der* will state a prtce for lumber by the 1000
feet, for basalt Mocks and bricks by the 1000.
gravel by the ton. and crment by the barrel
for each of the several kinds, and must fur-
nish a sample of liasalt Ftone. which they pro-
pose to furnish, to the Committee on -: reels, j
Urfore th» contract for Mocks Is awarded.
The lii.i.l. 1 . will be inquired to deposit with i
th<- Clerk of the Board of Supervisor* a certi- '
fied check drawn to the order of said clerk,
upon some !>unk In the City and County of
San Francisco. In the sum of one thousand
(llOMi) dollars in grild coin, conditioned If the
proposal '.g accepted and thf contract award-
; ed, and If thr 1 : :■;. r shall rail or neglect to
pay the printing ••!!«•.• execute the con-
tract and give the b >nd required within six j
t *s arter the award is made, then and In
that case the said sum shall be paid Into the .
City and County Tr'-asury by said Clerk as '
llquidatwl damages for such failure and neg-
lect. t
The Superintendent cf Public Streets and
his succe.ssor In office will be required to re-
port Immediately to th* Beard of Suj-ervlsors
any failure upon the part cf the contractor to
perform any of the cotenants on his . art In
said contract contained, and upon receipt of
such notification the Board of Supervisors
shall terminate said contract, and the same
shall absolutely cease and determine
NOTICE-Bldders will estimate With the
distinct understanding that the party or par-
ties to whom a contract Is awarded for each
kind of material will be required, prior to or
at the time cf the execution of the contract
to pay one-fifth the cost of advertising this
notice in three dally newspaper*- B |*<. that
the further right Is reserved by the Board of
fcupervisors to terminate the contract at any
*L th *' *'■«?>' or parties to whom the same
»hall be awarded shall not perform the work
to the entire fcatlsfactlon of the Superintend-
ent of PuMlc Streets, hla successor In office
and the Board of Supervisors.
t,.T h '., ll ? ard ?,'"' rv '' 8 the r "' ht to reject all
bids U the public good so require ■»•••"«
Blank propc*als furnished by the Clerk.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROI"OSALR.
. For furnishing carpet*, cork carpets and win-
dow shades Jor ai Hall of. Justice and Moreue
Lull'llngs.
Office of the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of Baa Fran-
cisco. NovrmbertS. ■•'■>. In accordance with
resolution No. 37» (fourth series) of the Board
of Supervisors, sealed proposal* «tl! I* re-
ceived In open sej.idon of the Board of Super-
vlmrs on Wednesday afternoon. Decemt>er 6
ISSJ. from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all
the carpet*, cork carpets and window shades
for the Hal if Justice and Morsue Hidings
under the direction and to the satisfaction of
M**Frs. Shea & Hhoa. architects, and the Com
mine* on Public Building*. m
All the material furnished and the work of
laying the carpet* and cork carpets and han«-
ln« the window shades to lie done under the
direction and to the satisfaction of Messrs
18 - "* th « C — «cc
e,#t d hSJf .hal^c^trt^a^rrrk";"
persons employed on the above work and thnt
the minimum rate of wages to be paid -28
be two (12) dollars per day. P BnaU
Bidders will estimate and state a nrlc* on
the following subdivisions or the material »o
be supplied and work performed/ to wit- l 0
First— For all carpets, first <iualltv 'hr»i»
Brussels; sewed, laid and lined. "* body
S«cond-For all cork carpets, first quality;
Third For all window shades, first quality
opaque; wired and hung complete. ■«•#
Bidders will state the price per raM t nr
which they will furnish the carpet* and cor <
carpet*. also tor each window shade under
the direction and to the satisfaction of Me««rV
Shea & Shea, archlt.-cts. and the Committed
on Public Building*. committee
Bidders will submit with their bid samples
of all material bid upon and staff a senaT-,*
price for each character of material suh
mltted.
Bidder* will bid with the distinct und— -
standing that separate contracts will be ana-.'
ed for each class to the lowe-t responsible
bidder.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be required
prior to or at the time of the execution of the
I contract*, to pay one-third the cost of adver-
tising this nctlce in three dally newspapers
and each successful bidder to .•,;- . pay the ooit
Of th« publication In the official newspai>er of
the resolution awarding him his contract
In order to preserve uniformity and to facili-
tate the award the board hns ■Jived to re-
ceive no bid unless made upon '.lank for;r.s
prepared by the committee and a certified
check on some bank In the City and County
of San Francisco for the hum of flvo hunired
(»VW) dollars deposited by the bidder with hU
bid and made payable to the clerk of tj,,»
Itoard of Supervisors, conditioned If the pro-
posal be accepted and the contract awarded.
and If the bidder shall fall or neglect to t *y
the printing charges, execute the contract and
give the required bond within nix dayi after
i the award Is made, then and In that oats, the
said fiim shall be collected and paid Into the
city and county treasury l>y>aid clerk ok liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSKLL. Clerk
PROPOSALS for stone wall-General depot.
Quartermaster's Department, 3« New Mont-
rcmery street. San* Francisco, October 11.
l£f<9. Sealed proposal* will !«• received at
thla office- until 11 o'clock a. m . on Decem-
ber 1. IMS, and then opened, for construction
of stone . wall along southern boundary of
military reservation. rVesldlo of San Fran-
cisco, in accordance, with plans and specifica-
tions on file here, which can be seen on ap-
plication. OSCAR F. LONG, captain and
A**lftant quartermaster, U. 8. A., depot
, HIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30. 1899.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Man-lace llcrnses have been issued as follows:
A. E. I'rendell and Elisabeth Pollmacher..22-22
i F. H. Nielsen and Henrietta M. Akmann... 22-17
Michael Sausedo and Mamie Barry 25-16
Thomas W. MiddlctnlFs and Pearl Fields.. .24-20
Jens Christiansen and Amanda C. Tescat.. 42-30
W. P. Hlgtjlnbotham and Lucy A. Towns.. s3-31
George Cruse and Florence M. Wilson 25-20
Walter L. H. Geldert and Flora M Chapin.2S-22
James Flannery and Anna M. Towey 46-37
Wm. H. Goddard and Adelaide E. Unger... 3o-19
Joseph E. Artlrues and Sadie Hertz 2«-2«
John L. Meyer and Emma E. James 54-40
Cornelius Cronln and Margaret M. Sullivan. M-2S
O. H. Laramers and Johanna Tobbenboske. 3l-28
Wllllnm G. Ptrow and Alma Peterson 23-23
John Btasoa and Tersllla Petter 30-24
Jamen 11. David and Lavlna Monroe U-21
Wsilter'R Baker and Anna C. Matthewson.22-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.~~
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
I In at either of the publication offices and be
I Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
| sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BROWN— In Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County, November 2*. IK*, to the wife of the
late Captain R. S. Brown, a daughter.
COLTER— 1:. this city. November ZS. UM, to the
wife of Edward J. Colter, a daughter.
SMITH— In this city. November 6. 1599, to the
wife of Martin I. W. Smith, a MM.
_____ _^^___ —^—
MARRIED. ~
BOYD— HEYWOOD— this city. November 2S.
isy». by the Rev. William C. Pond. William
G. Boyd and Maud Hey wood, both of San
Francisco.
HOBBS- HI LL— In Oakland. November M 1599.
by the Rev. Dr. Stcbblns, James Marshall
Hobbs of Chicago and Inda Elisabeth Hill.
NEILSON— CURTIS-In this city. November 27.
ISK9. by the Rev. William C. Pond. James H.
N- llson and Lilian Curtis, both of San Fran-
cisco.
BRI MM; ISERMANN— In this city. Novem-
ber 25. :.-..-. by the Rev. J. Fuendrtlng. Wil-
liam F. M. limning and Alice Isermann.
QUADT-FENSTEHMACHER —In this City,
November '."■. UN, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Joseph Henry Quadt and Emma Fenster-
macher.
DIED.
Adams, George W. O'Brien. Mrs. Rose
Asherson. Emll Olson. John C.
Crowley, Mrs. J. Pease. John 11.
Fennel!. Winifred Petersen. Peter
Frledrlch. George A. Skellv. John
Giannlnl. Henry Q. Stelter. Dictrick. 11.
Henarie. Daniel V. B. Stone. David
Hopjier. John E. Stowell. Harry E.
Kelly, Hannah Troy. Mary A.
MoQlynn, Thinna* Van Iderstine. Chas.
Mattow, Frank L. Watts. Raymond J.
Murphy. John Wright. Sus-'ana
ADAMS— this city. November IS. 18*9.
Geortte W.. beloved husband of Rose M
Adams, a native of Maine, aged 72 years.
(Portland and Maine papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
tFrHay). at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 707 Stockton street, near California,
thence to St. Mary's Church, corner Califor-
nia and Dupont streets, where a requiem
hlph mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ABHERBON In this city. November I*«*.
Emll. beloved husband of Susunna Asherson.
and father of Maurice E. and Esther Apher-
son. a native of Posea, Germany, aged C 5
year« and 8 month*.
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock), from his lute resi-
dence, IS3O Sutter street. Interment New
Salem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train. Please
omit flowers.
CONGREGATION BETH ISRAEL - Officers
and members of the Congregation Beth Israel
are requested to attend the funeral of our
late member, Emll Ashen in, this day (Thurs-
day), at i" 15 o'clock, from hU late residence,
IS3Q Sutter street.
M. lIEKZOa. President.
MARCUS LEVY. Secretary.
I CROWLEY— this city. November 27. 1K39.
Mrs. .' hunnah. relict of the late Florence
Cmwley.
trThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at S:3\) o'clock, from her late ,
residence, 33.70 Seventeenth street, thence to
Minion Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul. commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
FENNELL— In this city. November 28. 1599.
Winifred, beloved wife of William Fennell.
and sister of Mrs. O. H. Elliott. Mrs. Thomas
Brooks and Charles P., William H. and the
late John Joseph Gibbons, a native Of County
Roscommon. Ireland, aged i* years. (Gal-
veston. Texas, papers plea** copy.)
* B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
December 2. at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence. 441 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
Jnmes Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul. :
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cro»-s Cemetery.
FRIEDRICH— In thin city. November 2S. 1599.
George A . dearly beloved hushand of Emma
F. Frledrlch. and brother-in-law of Mrs. H.
Raymond, a native of Rochester. N. V., aged
36 years and 2 month*. A member of Germa-
. nla Lodge No. 7, '». d. H. S. and Court Robin
Hood. A. O. F.
C .Trlen.l- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend The funeral to-morrow
(Friday), st 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
GIANNINI- In this city, November M 1*39.
Hf-nry G.. beloved husband of Loudlvine
Giannlnl. father of Frank, Charles and Henry
Glanninl. Mrs. Mary Loustaunau and Mrs.
Caroline Smith, grandfather of Mrs. Louisa
Hock and Julia Eaton, and brother of Peter
A. Giannlnl. a native of Deggio, Canton
Tlclno. Switzerland, aged 7€ years 10 mcnthn
and 21 days. I New York and Washington,
1). C. papers please copy.)
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1315 Turk street, near Flllmore. thence
to Druids* Hall. 413 Sutter street, where
services will be held at 2 o'clock. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENARIE— In this city. Daniel V. B. Henarle,
a native of New Jersey, aged 77 years and 29
days.
C "The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market. Remains at the
parlors cf the California Undertaking Com-
pany. 4^5 Powell street, near Post.
HOPPER-, in this city. November 23. IS?9. John
Edward, beloved husband of Agnt-s Hopper,
and fattier of John and Henry Hopper and
Mrs '".-ii tain William Randall, a native of
Montreal. Canada, aged 64 years.
ICT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
KELLY— In this city. November 28, 1E99. Han-
nah Kelly, mother of Mrs. M B. Mayh.-w.
Mr«. C A. Lord and George W. and Charles ■
M Kelly, a native of Jordan, Canada, aged
SI years and 1" months.
C'J'The funeral service* will 1* held
this day (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at C2O
Golden Oat* avenue. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
McGLYNN— In this city. November 29. IR!>3,
Thomas, beloved husband of Honors Mc-
Glynn. and father of Jack F.. Mary E. T.
and Annie E. McOlynn, a native of County
Longford. Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at I JO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1216 Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebraf-d for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MATTOW— In this city. November 27, 1599,
Frank L. Mattow. beloved husband of Line
Mattow. and brother-in-law of Mrs. J. Ben-
der, a native of Berlin. Germany, aged 49
years I months and 22 days. A member of
Court Hubertus No. 15, O. d. A. F. ; Grand
Lodge, O. d. H. S. ; North Beach Lodge No.
9, O. d. H. S. and LoreSey Unterstutxung
VereJn.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
II P. Peterscn & Co.. 223 McAllister street.
thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street,
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of Court Hubertus, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. November 2S, IW9,
John, beloved husband of the late Mar Mur-
phy, and father of Mary Murphy, a native of
Pittsburg. aged .'• years. (Plttsburg and Va-
il... .i papers please copy.)
JCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:*) o'clock, from the parlor* of
Halt-ted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
private, St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland, by 11
o'clock creek route boat.
O'BRIEN— In this city, November 19, IR>9. Mrs.
Rose O'Brien, i- i. v.-d sister of Mrs. <;..
ban of Montreal, a native of Ireland, aged 72
years.
OLSON— In this city, November 27, 18&9, John
Charles, beloved son of John and Nellie
Olson, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
years and 7 months.
C -Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 725 Fifth avenue, near Fulton
street. Richmond, thence to Star of the Pea
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
! PEASE— Oakland. November 28, 1£99, John
H. reuse, father of Arthur and John Harper
Pease and Mrs. Alice Cannon, and brother of
Mrs. Susan B. Hobbs and William C and
George F. Pease, a native of Nantucket
Ma«s.. aged 78 years and 10 months.
• IprFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at the
; residence of his daughter, Mrs. Alice Can-
non. Ml Thirty-third street. Oakland.
PETERSEN-In Haywards. November 28. IS9B.
Peter Peterten. beloved husband of Mary
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.C
■ (Successors to Flannacan & QalU?;h«r).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
feu Firth st., opposite Lincoln School.
1 Telephone South 10.
Petersen, a native of Denmark, aged 55 years !
1 month and 3 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the Con-
gres-atlooal Church at Hay wards. Interment
lx>ne Tree Cemetery, Hay wards.
SHELLY— In this city. November M, 18». John,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Skelly,
and father Of James T., Annie E.. John W.
ard Francis .1 Skelly. a native of County
Longford, Ireland, aged 63 yean.
C rFrlendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 76 Rausch street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
calvary Cemetery.
STELTER— In San Lorenzo. November 27. IR9J.
Dictrick H.. beloved husband of Minnie Stel- !
ter, and father of Emma, Henry and Ernest
Stelter, a native of Germany, aged 62 year* ,
2 month* and 26 days.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- I
dence at San Lorenzo. Interment Bun Lo-
ren«o Cemetery.
STONE— In this city. November 29. 1599.
I avid Stone, a native of New York, aged 86 1
years I months and 12 days. (Sacramento pa- 1
pers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances can view the
remains at the residence of his daughter. '
Mrs. Clara Prince, 19424 Mission street, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth, up till 2:30
o'clock this day (Thursday). Interment at '
Sacramento. Cal.
BTOWELL- In this city. November 29. 1899.
Harry Earl, infant and beloved son of Harry
B. and Alice F. Stowell, and brother of Ell-
wood and Ethel Btowell, a native, of San
Francisco, aged 3 months and 1* days.
TROY-In this city. November 28. ism. Mary
A. Troy, a native of Ireland, aged SI years.
C-*"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at I o'clock, from St. Rose's
Church, "where a solemn requiem mass will
I- celebrated for the repose of her soul. In- j
terment private.
VAN IDERSTINE— In Fniltvale. November 29.
ISS»9. Charles, loved husband of Ann Van i
Merstlne. and father of Peter, John and Cath-
erine Van Iderstine. a native of Prince Ed-
wards Island, aged B years 9 months and 28
duys.
C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
to-morrow 1 Friday), at 1 o'clock, at the
Diamond M. E. Church, corner Hopkins '
street and Frultvale avenue. Interment Moun- ,
tain View Cemetery-
WATTS— In this City, November 28. 1899. Ray-
mond Joseph, beloved son of William and
Sarah Watts, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 6 months
WRIGHT— In this city. November 2S, 1599.
Susnna, beloved wife of James W. Wright,
mother of Mrs. Ida Edwards of Stockton, |
and ulster of Joseph T. Martin, a native of '
Baltimore, Md . aged 61 years. |
Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of |
Hoisted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment ,
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
YOUNG MEN'S CATHOLIb UNION— A re- 1
QUli'm high mass for the repose of the souls
of the deceased members of the Young Men's
Catholic Union will be celebrated in St.
Mary's Cathedral, commencing at 10 o'clock,
on Thursday. November 30 (Thanksgiving
day). Members and their relatives and .
friends and the relatives and friends of de- j
ceased members are respectfully invited to at- '
tend.
WASHINGTON Council No. 4. V. M. I -Offi-
cers, members, friends and acquaintances are
respectfully Invited to attend a solemn re-
quiem high mass to be celebrated at St. Fran-
cis Church for the repose Of the souls of our
deceased brothers, this day (Thursday),
Thanksgiving day. commencing at 10 o'clock.
Brothers of other councils are also Invited.
a sermon appropriate to the occasion will be
preached by the Rev. Father Caraher.
J. J. BERNHARD. President.
HEAi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Genevleve Cox Bancroft (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Htbernla Savings and Loan .
Scclety, lot on N line of Washington street, '
131:3 W of Baker. W 2i by N 127 :*>.;; M«».
Hibemla Savings and Loan Society to Nicho
las J. T. An.lresen. same; }4250.
A. J. Rich to Sarah ■'■• ■'•'■-' "• wife of Isaac,
lot on W line of Baker etrect. 100 S of Fulton.
S 23 by W 12:,; |1".
I?aac or Fred Btlaaco to same, same (quit
claim deed); fl.
Jchn Maddi 11 to Ellen Madden, wife of John.
lot on W line of Capp street, 210 N of Eagle
(Nineteenth), N 30 by W 1J2:6; gift.
Sten Erlcksen to Margaret Dunton, lot on N
line of Seventeenth street. '•*> E of N a E 2*. by
N 91:6: also lot on N line of California street,
•1 W of Third avenue, W 33. N 70, E 33:1. B 72,
gift.
John J. Coffey to Honriette Coffey, lot on S
line of Twenty-lint street. DO \V of Potrero av
enue, \V 25 by S 70. gift.
Charles J. Gallagher to Margaret Gallagher,
lot on SW corner of Twenty-second and Ham
■hire streets. W BQ by S 100; gift.
Mary E. Wadman and Agnes Thompson (ex
ecutrices estate of Ellen Kelly) to E. A. Wal
<■ tt. lot on NX corner of Twenty-sixth and Va
lenun streets. E 117:6 by N (5; 114,000.
William W. and Carrie F. Red nail to Charles
J. Hurt. lot on N line of Twenty-seventh etret-t,
M W Of Dolores, W 23 by N 65; $10.
Michael Wall to James Burke, lot on B line
of Twenty-sixth street, 160 E of Sanchez, E
26 by S 114; 110.
Estate Rosetta S. Si May (by Edith C. S»dg- ;
ley). J. Kelso and E. B. Mastlck (trustees) to
Hartley F. Pearl lot on SB corner of Twenty
sixth and Noe streets. ■ M by S 114; |l»00.
Percy and Emllie S. Beamish to Janey K.
Rogers (wife of James N.) and Julia I. Haste.
1 .1 on I line of Van Ness avenue. S2:« N of
Lombard. N 30 by X 109; JlO.
James N. Rogers to may K. Rogers (wife of
James N.), some; gift.
David and Annie Cohen to E. J. Callan. lot
on N line of Ellis street. 137:6 W of Franklin.
W 27:6 by N 137:«; JlO.
Delia Connolly to Sarah McGllnchey, lot on
E line of Chattanooga street. 208 S of Twenty
first. 8 26 by E 125; also lot on W line of Clara
avenue. ::: N of Eighteenth. N 28 by W 13.*,
also lot on N line of A street, 32:6 W of ElKh-
I teenth avenu-\ W 25 by N 100; $10.
John Gross and Jennie .T. Needham. lot on S
line Of Twenty-fourth street. CO B of Alabama,
E 23 by B 104: gift.
Jean L. and Anastasle Vermeil to Frank Mer
rill, lot on M line of Twenty-fourth street. M
F. of Harrison, B ■■•> by B 104: $3300.
Henry I). Cogswell to Adolph Lorsbach. lot
or. SE corner of Twenty-sixth and Shotwell
streets. B 73. S 130. NW 15. W 61. N 123:6; $3000.
L. fair (and a* executrix of estate of Wil
liam B. cam to Lucretla M. Oray, lot on w
line of San Jose avenue. W7:>H S of Twenty
! fourth street. W M by B 12:*4: $1270.
Louis A. and Eva M Bertellng to J. L. Has
; kell. lot on N line nt Bosh street, 137:6 w of
1 Powell. w M by N 137:6; $10.
Callaghnn Byrne to James w . Byrne, undl
r!d-<i one half of following: lot on N line of
post street 1*6:5 W of Hyde, W 25 by N 137:6;
also lot on BE line of Stevenson street, 330 NE
of Fourth. NE 20 by SE 70; $10.
John and Ada M. Hlnkel to Theodore Glels
dorf lot on S line of Clement street. 105 W
of Twenty-fifth avenue. W 25 by 8 100; $10.
Thomas & Emellne nock to Pajaro Valley
Bank of Watsonvllle, lot on SW corner of
C street and Fortieth avenue, S 111:1, S 30 de
crees \v 433:4, N 144:4. N 10 degrees 40 min
utes F. to <• street. E 125:3; $2000.
Estate Adolph Sutro (by William R. H.
Adnms-.n and Emma L. Merrltt. executors) to
Henry B. Pasmore. lot on B line of Forty-ninth
avenue, 112 ••. S of J street, .c. c 73 by E 120; $1200.
Solomon Jacobs to Llllle Jacobs, lot on W I
line of Eighth avenue, 273 N of X street. N
25 by w 120; $10.
John Oram to Annie Regan, lots 25 and 26,
Holllday Map A: gift.
Annie R-gan to Lotlls Levy, same; $10.
George A. and Margaret Patterson to Henry
C Stllwell lot on SW corner of California and
Eugenia avenues. S 70 by W 70:6. lots 81 to S3,
Cobb Tract; $10.-
Llllle C. Hramhall (and on attorney) and
Walter M Bramhall (by attorney) to Lily C.
Colo wife of Charles M). lot on 8E line of
London street. 225 NE of Brazil. NE 75 by SE
100 block 11 Excelsior Homestead; $1000.
Charles C. Henry to George C. Kemp, lot on
N corner of College and Olm«tead streets. NE
120 by NW '". block 61. University Homestead:
also lot on SW line of Twenty-sixth avenue.
7S EE of X street. SE 75 by «W 100. block 494.
Bay View Homestead; also lot on SW line of
Twenty-fourth avenue. ISO BE of J street. SE
CO by SW 100. block 466. fame; $10.
Alameda County.
O. R Charles R.. Joel D . Effle. Lafayette
and O. K. Hammack to M Korn. lot 1, Broad
way Villa Trnct. Oakland Township; $100.
Alexander Campbell to Hugh Hamilton, undi
vided one-seventh Interest In two-acre tract
funded N by Woolsey Tract. B by Dona
street. S l.v lands of O. Otey nnd Staple* and
W by Moller Tract, betas portion of Vicente
Peralta Reserve, Oakland: $10.
Millie and W. A. Moscow to Philander A. and
Mary E. Finn, lot 40, block B, Frultvale Villa
Tract. quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Township; $1.
R. J. Hover to Philander and Miry E. Finn,
same. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Central Land Company (corporation) to Ben- ,
Janiln F. Crouch, lot on 8 line of Thirty-third
street. 241:8 F. of Market. E 25 by S S7, portion
of block H. Map of property of Central Land
Company: Oakland: $10.
Mary Scott to Adeline Dean, lot on N line of
Thlrty-elKhth street, 7CO w of Telegrnph aye
. nue. W 103:10% by N 144:9, being lota 18 and 19.
Pernn Tract, Onkland; $10.
Mrs. Ora Russell Bates to Mary Randall all
: Interest In lot on B line of Elm street. IM S of
i Edwards, B 50 by E 125. being let 49. Pacific
Theological Seminary Tract, Oakland; $1.
Joseph F. and Isabella Oliver to Theresa S
I Macedo, lot on N line West Fifteenth street'
1J7:1 W of Klrkham. W 25 by N 101:9 being- lot
20 block MS, Beotchler Tract, Map i." Oakland
also beginning at a stake marked No. 1 on w
line of Prairie street, between lands of Mary
I Amaral and lands of estate of Mary S. Fields
! thence W to lands of M. Donovan, then N 33
feet, ■■ to W line of Prairie street, S 33 to be
ginning, being in city of Son Loandn. Eden
Township; $1000.
Jane E. and W. S. Dryden to W. J. and Flor
ence C. Parker, lot on NE line of E Twentieth
street, 400 NW of Twenty-fourth avenue NW
CO by NE 150. block H. subdivision 50 Ainu
dates Tract. East Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
John G. % and Agnes M. Agar (trustee owners
by A. 8. Baldwin. agent) with Mahnny Bn
contractor*, architect Frank S. Van Trees all
work' for a 2-story and basement brick build
ing on W line of Mason street, 62:6 N of Turk
W 105 by N 75: $34,600. *?"•
M'DONALD APPEARS
FOR HIS FATHER
TESTIFIES IN THE PACIFIC
BANK CASE.
A Contention Made by Opposing
Counsel Results in His With
drawal From the Wit
ness Stand.
R. 11. McDonald Jr.. looking careworn
and worried, was a witness before Judge
Murasky yesterday in the action Insti
tuted by his father. IV H. McDonald, to
recover $29,100 M, one-third of a sum ul
leKcd to have been loaned to the defunct
Pacific Bank. Th« witness was called up
on to identify certain vouchers, alleged
receipts for the money advanced by the
plaintiff to the bank, but the contention
of the defendant's attorneys that the
vouchers simply showed a transfer of
money from the People*! Home to the Pa
cific Dank, for the purpose of showing a
credit, resulted In the withdrawal of Mc-
Donald from the stand until a future
date. The plaintiff then sought to put
banking expert! on the stand to prove
that the vouchers were as claimed. Ai::iln
argument resulted, and finally Judge Mu
rasky said that It devolved upon the court
to determine the nature of the Instru
ments from facU\evolved during the trial,
and that the testimony of experts .vould
not assist him. A continuance was then
taken.
Philippine Lecture Postponed.
QwinK to the many other attractions
of ThankuKiviiiK eve the Ain'lt-nt Order of
Hlberniani decided last night to po
the lecture on "The Philippines" i>y Rev.
father ItcDonouch till n»»xt Wednesday
f\«'iiing. The lecturer went to the islands
on a tour of InvMtication and his addresa
. will throw much llirht on the reii^ioua
and political situation of the Philippines.
HERNANDEZ DAILY
GAINING GROUND
Reports of Severe Fighting and G>ov-
emmental Defeats Near
Las Tejerias.
WILLIAMSTEAD, Island of Curacao.
Nov. 29 (via Hay Hen cable).— Trustworthy
advices from Caracas, Just received here,
say that the revolutionary movement In
Venezuela against General Castro, the
President pro tern., headed by General
Hernandez, is dally gaining ground.
CARACAS, Nov. 29.— Reports have
reached here of severe fighting between
the Government troops and the insurgents
near Las Tt-j^rias. Telegraphic communi
cation is Interrupted.
ASSAILED A PRISONER,
Wesson Wandy Almost Adds Murder
to Other Wrongdoings.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. Wesaon Wandy,
the prisoner who was painfully scalded by
pulling down a steam pipe in the County
Jail, came near adding murder to the list
of his crimes to-day. This was the day
of his release, and he took advantage of
It to knock down young Anton Jason, the
Tomalea boy charged with criminal as
sault, with the brass-tipped end of a gar
den hose and then trying to force water
down his nostrils, with the intention of
asphyxiating the lad.
The boy's muffled cries drew Deputy
Sheriff Lucas to the scene. He tore Wan
dy away from his Intended victim and
locked him in a cell. Though the boy'a
head was badly cut his injuries were not
serious, and accordingly Wamlv was re
leaped and given a ticket to San Fran
cisco. The authorities are glad to get rid
of Wandy, as they look on him as a hoo
doo.
. «
PURCHASE OF BONDS.
Seven Million Dollars' Worth Yet to
Be Bid in at Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nor. 29.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury to-day announced
that he would continue until the close of
business on December 2-". next to purchase
any United States bonds known as 4 per
cents of 1907, and 5 per cents of l:«^ at the
prices heretofore paid, namely, 112.75 for
the 4"s and 111 for the s's, with accrued in
terest to the date of purchase, unless be
fore such date the amount of 17,000,000 ap
proximately, which Is the amount neces
sary to complete the 126,000.000 heretofore
announced, shall have been received, of
which fact, when it occurs, public notice
will be Riven.
The purcbases reported to-day amount
ed to a little over .900.000, making the
total to date approximately $15,000,000.
SHAFTER IN LOS ANGELES.
Will Present Medals to the California
Volunteers.
IiOS ANOKLBB, N>v L.<.—M ajor Oener
al Shaft'.-r arrived to-day from Hin
FranetoOO to attend the cerpmom
morrow ineSdeni up.m tii. presentatloa
of mednhs to the California volunteers.
He win aim present to thf city on> of
th<' cannon raptured at Banttajto de <"u!..t.
in an Interview to-day be sail thai
th'-r.' ihoukl be mon- BOldlen at th<
rlsons on the Pacific Coast in his opin
ion. He believes that the Philippine in
•urrectlon is nearly over and ::oes n
lleve tho rcjTrts «>f an unrlsiin? in Cuba.
He Ih nccompanlod by several army ol-
B< • rs.
AMERICA WAS HASTY.
Assented to the Samoan Arrange
ment Before Its Conclusion.
Spprlnl Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. IMS, by James Gordon
Jlmnett.
BERLIN, Nov. 20 The Tageblati says
that tii- <>niy furmal significance attached
l!i j»<>litl<:il cir«-le« lion- t.. Am. rl.
Utude on the Bamoan Question is that tho
Washington Government nave ;is^.>nt t«»
the a riKi'>-iii rman arrangement before
its conclusion.
Killed by a Live Wire.
VAUjBJO, Nov. 29.— Corrtner McDonald
was tiled to Benlcla on Tuesday to hold ;
nn Inquest on the body of Joe Ropers,
formerly employed In the tannery of Kull- ■
man & Bate. The machinery In the tan- !
nery Is run by electricity. On Tuesday
morning Rogers had occasion to go to a j
switchboard, and while reaching for a '
lever his arm came In contact with a live
wire. Death resulted from the shock.
Deceased was about 30 years of age and
had been In the employ of the firm for
some time. The Coroner's Jury brought in
a verdict of accidental death.
Bubonic Plague Increasing.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. IS.?, by James Gordon
Hennett..
BUENOS AYRES. Nov. 20.— The Her
ald's correspondent In Santos, Brazil,
sends word that the bubonic plague Is In
creasing there, the number of new cases
reported yesterday being five, In Asun
cion, however, the plague Is gradually
disappearing.
Regret Bailey's Departure.
Stockton. Nov. n.— The Baa J«a
quin County Teachers' Institute, written
Closed this afternoon after a lour Ctay**
ii here, passed resolution! thl? aft
ernoon eJcpreminf. repret that Dr. Thomas
P. Bailey of tht- stat»- DnlTersity hid re
filgned and was about to l»-av*» the Stale.
Killed in n Mine.
LAKE CITY. Colo.. Nov. 20.— Ed Mr
draw and George Lair were blown up
with giant powder and Instantly killed
at Ute and IJlay mines. It Is supposed
the men were loading a hole when the ac
cident occurred. •-. : ■ -... •:'
Ten Years for Breen.
STOCKTON. Nov. |>.— Jack lireen. cun
victed of setting the fire which cans,-! the
destruction of the Farmers' Union and
MUlliiK ''"mpiiny in January, UM, v.
day sentenced to ten years In Sun Quentln
by Judge Jones.
Lumber Destroyed.
AT'BI'RN. Nov -'—A fire at Blrce &
Smart's lumber yard ut Emigrant Gap
last night destroyed HO.OOO feet <>f lumber.
The loss Ik about |KM, The lire Is sup
posed to have been the work of an Incen
diary.
Mayor of Rome Dead.
ROME. Nov. 29.— Prince di Ru<?pt li,
Senator and Mayor of Rome, died io-nuy. \
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W L Xuckolls. Ukiah II I. Morrison. Btanfd
J T Elliott. Cal w <; Morrison, fitanfrd
W a BrlKca. Cal 'It E Schulze. Stanford
Mrs \V X Smythe. Cal'H M Slemann. Stanfrd
C Mulk-y. Napa C M War.lell. Ptanfd
li Meyer. S Rosa G It Lombard. 8 Jose
G W Kicks. Sacto 8 C Bcale*. Stanford
W M-ii<lenhall. Cal W T Fabber. Stanford
J I' James. Cal j B Friedman. Stanfrd
i: M Carr. Pinole 11 GUderhouse. Stanfd
w D Bucklejr, Stocktn'W G Scale?. Stanford
C M Urown. Clinton C M Crawford. Stanfd
J il.ins.in, <ai C II Jones. Stanford
.' a Swetnam. Montry C II Osborne. Stanford
J T Drown * » N T F A Rradl«-y. Stanford
J I. Maude. Riverside J A Miller. Stanford
B I. l:- u--.. Portland II W Hu«hea. Oakdale
T It Hayes, Detroit R 1' Cowles. Stanford
X M Wilkinson A w. C I. Jones. Stanford
Yreka ',H, H K a} Stanford
J W llolman. Portlandß McKlnnross. Modest
tan L M Bradbury.lH X H!*son. Dla Col
I.'o Ann L Hunter. Cal
O H hit-, NY JI. Parson*, I'la Col
F <■ Oarbutt. Loa An Mrs Mueller. Lo« An«
J Quadt & w. Cat F I Byrne. Stanford
? ~*ti r "' x V J C Eaton Aw. Col
I. 1 Turner & w. S«>attl'l> C Clark. S Crux
It M llawley. US N r>r N n Llnscott. Ca.l
\, JJ _ M ' lrn «. Berkeley A E T'rlKf. Cal
II E Campbell. Cal R T Mellvln, Sta Rosa
C \\ Clapp. Palo Alto I, Thompson. Vallejo
p U Jackson. Dawson T Auburn. Monterey
1. i' Jacks. Santa ltona E W ■ Woods & fam.
Mrs N C ]!r!»rifs. < a! ' Stockton
v " Dour Us. Sacto C Glllls. Belmont
P n Plumb. Palo Alto V 01111*. Belmont
I. L Merrlam. « al W F C.eorKe. Sacto
v. I. 1,, lan.'.. Llsson \v R • Ttnsby. Sacto
II Black, NY jF p Carson. N T
1. I' Severs. Cal 'llrs r R Kyle. no*ton
J Mc('ud<len. Vnliej.-, a M Billing A w. U C
Ml« McCudden. VnlleJ T Bennett, B C
L ■ Hunt. Berkeley Mrs CF. Belmont. B C
Ml*s J M Mori*, Bactfl 11 J rhllllp«. Cal
*\ A Beasl*. San JoseiMrs W E fWbe. Cal
W W Thompson. Cal Him A Gerbe. Cal
I» Fltxrwtrlck. Cal '•". B Hallouay. Colusa
Ulat Byron. NY N W Williams A. w,
T It Breed, Cal Reddlnic
F Blackburn. OaJ j Hare. Maryavllle
X Fnrnum. Stanford C Hampton. Marysvllle
It F Croweli Stanford 1 .! Smith. Yuba City
T T Wlllet. Stanford IE Henderson. Cblco
B E Blackburn. N C n F Oilman Jr. <al
B H Smith, fal V W Hartley. Cal
T A Worth. Cal W <• Swan. Marysrllt*
X W Thompson, Stanfd
PALACE HOTEL.
R V Davis. San Jose IF L Berry, Stanford
!' 0 Cormark. Mo C Hewsted. Stanford
C Chaj>". MulHunk.e w\V Burnett. Stanfrd
A It CloOfrh, Alton {■' Bunn. Stanford
W L filntthari. IVirtld F Cairn*. Stanford
F R Short. Carson X Cooper, Stanford
J II K..hn. Stanford A Dole, Stanford
It W Graham. 1. Ant; A Rice. Stanford
J F Raoer. New York iW Erb. Stanford
>■ C Hodsw. Chicago jll Bn kley, Stanford
G A Bush. Stanford I de Forest. Stanford
I: II Dunn. Stanford ': FUher. Stanford
II C Wallaoe, Tacoma i: Oilman. Stanford
E T Wallace. Tarornt - Gaenoa, Stanford
B B Hobaon. Mont i: Hayden. Stanford
C Duffleld. L Ann iA Houith. Stanford
H Klein. 1>'!« Angeles C Murphy. Stanford
F A Bradley. L Ana; F L*». Ptanford
J A Chansler. L An* R Tra»-|fer. Stanford
II 0 Davidson. N V U lUltt. Stanford
Mrs \V A Thompson, ,F Ruilolph. Stanford
San Rafael Q I'arker. Stanford
H F Willis. F Rafael iT McFanden. Stanford
Dr Gill. Stanford Mm M Menger. N J
Mr- < 1111, Stanford B II Bouton. Chicago
Hex«le Drake. i"al {Mr* Bouton. Chicago
J B Friable. Mexico X JVi—iiiiml Chiro
A !'• Shoemaker. Cal it I* crow. Stanford
H Laub. Louisville I: I) Meyer. Stanford
F W Watson. Stanford H N Merriam. L' - A
H folllns. Stanford F W Haynen. N 1
E BJ Cochran. Stanford ' Mrs L Haynes. N V
1? f Oochran. Stanford 1. Kohn Oakdale
W J Whltmore. StufrJ Mr« L Kohen. Oakdale
X Warren. Stanford I'r1 'r .1 '", Thompson. < al
X I' Allen, Stanford F F Sharrless. Mcdera
II Smith. Stanford 111 E Wlnahlp, Stahfrd
J A Bentley. Stanford C P Jenkins. Stanford
R Rlßley. Stanford It D Ruaaell, Stanford
B Chamberlln, Stnfrd tit T EM*. Tehama
Dr Murphy, Stanford Miss F. Ellis. Tehama
W McLeod, Stanford .1 D Lovedal. Sacto
II A Duranrs. Stanford 1
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J McWlUlams. Oakdale; H <l(r-r^. Seattle
R Lo<kett. Han Jose J II La<ld. Sacramento
W Ballantyne. Seattle |W L Hhackleton. Cal
P 8 O'Brien. San Rail J L Oreen, Fresno
H c Weber, Qualala 'H Murray. Los An»
J M Dougherty. S Jose I' C Foley. Petaluma
C Jameson. M V J M Orahnm. N V
I King:. Fresno C Hermann. Ban Joa*
H B Holcomb, Omaha F I' Roberts, Uklah
T H Franciti & w. II I A C t-mall. Davlsvllle
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page 8.
ARRTVXS
Wednesday. November 23.
Ship America, Harding. Ti days from Seattle.
Hark Gatherer. Youn*. 20 days from Ta
coma.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, 12 day*
fr»m Hllo.
ltktn J M Griffith. Arey, 24 days from Tort
Hadlock.
Behr ltalph J Long. Islgkeit, 2S days (rotn
Tlllamook.
S. iir.Kiuma Utter. Allen. 2 days from Gray»
Harbor.
Schr Webfoot. "Mercer. 20 Cays from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Bete Glen Nielsen. 13 days from Grays Har
bor.
Schr Twilight. Andean. 24 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Albion, Goodmannen. 23 days from Co
qullle Rlv«»r.
Schr Ecltp*e. Forest. 10 days from Eureka.
Schr Uranus, Stensland, II days from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Schr Falcon, Murchison. 20 days from Coos
Day.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. November 23.
Stmr Alameda. Yon Oteremlorp. Sydney and
Honolulu; J D Spreckels & Proa Co.
Ptmr North Fork. Hash. Eureka; Chaa Nel
son.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
0r>...i811. Perkins & Co.
Hr Ihlp Kardomene. Ma.«son. Grlmsby; Bai
four. Guthrlc & Co.
Hriit W O Irwln. Williams, Honolulu; J D
SpreckeU - Bros Co.
SAILED,
Wednesday. November It.
Stmr Alameda. Van Otcrendorp, Honolulu
and Sydney.
Stmr Columbia, Poran. Astoria.
Stmr Orizaba, Shea, Nanatmo and Vancou
ver.
Stmr Samoa, Jahn«*n. Eureka.
Haw bark Andrew Walch. I»rew. Honolulu.
I'.r bark Ivanhce. Grant, Sydney.
ltktn Irmcard, Schmidt, Honolulu.
Schr North Bend, Palmicren. Grays Harbor.
Schr Berwick, oiitlln. Sulnlaw River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIjTT LOnoS. Nov 23, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
TACOMA- Nov 20-Schr Wm II Smith,
for Honolulu.
POUT nLAKELET— Arrived No* 2>-Schr I
Wawona, from Ranfleld Sound.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov »— Stmr Farallon. i
from Sknicuay. Nov 2S-»Stmr Excelsior, from
Cooper River.
Sailed Nov »— Stmr Willamette, for Ban
Francisco.
SAN DlEOO— Sailed Nov Th- Schr Azalea, for
Port Hadlock.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov !»-Bchr F 8 Red
flt-ld. from Tacoma.
PORT TOWNSF.ND— BaiIed Nov 2%-Schr
Honolpu. for Launceston.
Arrived Nov 28— Ship Luclle, from Honolulu,
for Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ROTAL ROADS— Arrived Nov 23— Bark Theo
bald, from Honolulu.
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 2S— Ship Hecla. from
Tacoma.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Nov M— Br bark
Lflkemba, from Antwerp, for Port Loa Angelt*.
HONGKONG — Arrived No* 28— Jap stmr
HonKkonc Maru. heni-e Nov 1.
QUEENBTOWN — Sailed Nov 29— Br ship
Crown of India, for Hull.
VALPARAISO- -Sailed Oct 11-Br ship Otters
pool, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— To sail Dec J— Bktn
Chehalis, for Honolulu.
BAILBOAD TBAVEJ*
NORTHERN PACIFIC
RAILWAY.
Tickets at the Lowest Rates to
SPOKANE. ROSSLAND,
BUTTE. HELENA. ST. PAUL.
CHICAGO NEW YORK.
•THE ONLY LINE OPERATINO A
through tourist car from S. F. to St. Paul.
, This car Is nicely upholstered la leather and
baa every convenience of a flrst-class Pullman.
Call on or address
T. K. STATELKR. Gen. Agt.. «M Market St..
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAVALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave Ban Francisco via Sauaallto Ferry.
Week — 9:30 a, m. and 1:45 p. m
Sundays— COO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:14 p. m
Steam-heated, closed ca. on all trains.
Far*— ban Francisco to Summit and Hetura,
tl 40.
I /^^ Dr. Giblwn's Dispensary,
Iflw"" 1 " HKAKXT NT KnUibllahM)
HIV MI" l>lsi for treatment t r |\ ate
HLIA JQf I'l"-" 1»'-«.1 »'-«. Lost ManhfHHl. Debility or
WB|»|jOHl'"-»M'W^arlni{oiilx)<lyHndmln»k > id
OH B Sk J " U ' IPRJ "-J I hfdoctA.-oureswtaen
09 H <> , " " fall Try bin. Chargim low
I Ur. J. f. UIOBON. Box Call cirwrltn
Or. X t . bIBBtt.N. lei i«37. dan Pranciaco
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
«, • ■ ■ •
*••! Tlir.K^ f-A«!iriC-COBFAIIT.
(PACiyio at<ra»i.)
Train* l«»fr «n.l are dn« I* larrl •« 6
MAN titA.N«:i*<:o. °
(Main Line, root of Market Street)
■cats — FaoM Rornin IX 15». — abuts
.«7rOOA Bralda. Ruiaun and flaeramento.... *7:*Sr
Elvira, V»ea»lU> Rcmsey.... It**w
•7:4»4»a Shasta Etprftt-Ds.TU, Willows.
Rod Bluff. PortlacJ •7^4•r
•7:10* Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
Calliit<'faaii.lh»nta H^sa •••la*
•AiSo* TheOreTUnaLlrriwd— Den-
Ter. Omaha. fhle»r» ••»!■»
••■■•a Bail jm Llffrmore, Ktocklon.
lone, Hae»ain«-nUJ. PUcrnrlUa,
Marynille. riii;,i. I 15111.7 HllSr
•»::«•» •Milton, (takilaleaii'l Honor* •l:l.'ir
•»:OO» ll«vwar;i. NiUfiaod Way HUtlocs. *l 1(434
•l»:Oi»» AtUntla r.ipreae— and Ea*» # »:43a
•t»:uoA MarUne*. Tncy. LaUirop, Stockton,
M-tcxland lfre»n.» . # l«il»F
••••a* Pert font*. Vrcino, Mojare and I**
AMaaaa . , •«I-I3p
•IO:O«» Vallrjo. Martinez at .1 Way HUtlom ••.«•"» r
•1I:OO 4 Ilnywarilit. Nllraai 1 Way Putlcm. '* Or
• l«i*o a Nil-*. UTermore, Htockton. >acra-
nto, Mer.'l.il*. llanf r.l, V walla,
rcrtenllle Mil-lr
tl:OOp Bactametito ItlTerHte^meii . t«:4l«r
•3iOOp llaywanla. Niles »■ 1 Way SUtloni. *3i«Sr
*4ioar Martinez, rwn lUnio-i. . »Jo.
N»pi. f»'i.i.g« l Haala i:-.na — . •»il»*
MiOOr Bfnlcla, Vacatll I.1 '. Ha, •^.i.eiilo.
Woodland. Kolghta LaiMllng.
MaryaTllli\Oro«Ulo •l»:41Ba
•«iß<»r Nile*. Han Joaeaml Stockton *7i131>
•3:«M»r TL.>- Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
Bakenflelil. bauzus fur (Santa Uar-
'- bara. liOS Ansrlos "»i«3»
a .li3op fit.H:Btoi.. Mcrce<l. I'rrtoo . Mi«il»»
•siau p rresno, l^kerstitild. Nanta lt«il>ara.
l*i Anfrlra. !>• n.ln«. F.I faao.
Mow Orleans and Raat ••««•*
•3rlVr.Hli.il Fa Kotite— Aliantlo Eipreas
for Mn)at« ami Rout *«il»r
*0:OOp Uarrartla, Kile* aud Han Jvc »7.*.'»*
»oi:iiii- Valie>> .•lViiap
•«i3«i (irlrntalM*!]— Ojilcn and ra«.t »»ift4»r
t?:OOr Van {<•. IVrt ( oeta and Way Ma-
ti-i.a . Jo;33p
•BiO3r Oregon and Calif, '» Ki|>r«i*.MaO>
urn riil.< Maryifltl*. Itr.l.llnf,
r..rtUinl. r.n» 5..m,,,1 an.l I «■» *«tl»4
COAST l»ir|s|t»N (Narrow <iaat;r).
(FootcitMnrkctmrixt.)
*Bil»AKewar<i.(>utrr«tllF.HinJuae,KrlU)a,
Boulder Crfek.HantaOruiaixl Way
otatlona »3»8t»
tailSp Newark CentrMlllo, han Jam New
Alma Jen, rrltoo, It- ulil«>« Creek.
Baiita I'm ami I'riaclpal Way ,
Ht*t; . . . fl«i3«4
•«:l^r war"t. s,n Jos*. UsOatoa. ••■••a
IlltlSp Hunters' Kicurslon. Sau Jus* aod .
Way HtaU.>i»a . . ..^ {?■— *
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSU ntHCISCO— Fml tf lirktl Sircat (Sli9 S> —
•7:13 U.OO 110-j*.-. tl 03 *2:3 MM
•ICC 13:53 *«::3r.«.
fIiBOIIUSJ-rMl»fBiM<«i;.— '«:oo 8.-00 10 00*. ■.
tia so '1:33 ta co '3-C3 H:53 '3:C3p.ii.
COAST VISION (rtroadliana;*}.
(Thlnl and I->wnaan.| ata.)
44i10a Ocean View, South Han r>aaelw«.. t«:»«r
•?:••» Han .1 •• ami Way Hutl..n» (New
Aluiadm Wedneidajiouly) •!■■•»
•»io«« Han Jme. Trrn I'lno*. Hanta I'iui,
I'aHiio lii.ne. I'aao Uulilcs. an
Mil (>'ij«i ... Hnif, Loapoc and
Prliicfral Way Kutlmia *lilOr
•!•:««> P6n.10«-niil Way HUtloni **i33a
•llinnA nan Jose and Way HUttoiia. •»•»•?
(Wil.'.im:, Matrn. i:.-.lw. •>!, Mcnlo Park,
Palo Alt/,. Santa Clara, Han .l..ae,
Tres linos. Haitta Urwj Saltaaa,
Mooteiey ami Pacific (>xo«* • tI«HM4
•Sißor K»nJnn.«i..| Way Stations *7i3np
fltlSr San .)•••• a Principal Sutlona *w:49%
, 4.i:»n San ■>•<• ami WayHutloos tOtOO*
'■»:3l)p fan anil Principal Way .Sutiou* •«:*.!*
•«:4«r Ran J. «- »n I Wayftutlona ♦•»«••*
»II:4.-Vr »an Jutland Way Kutli.na »7ia«p
A tor Muniltig Flor Aftemfmn.
•Dally tamuda*«wa»aM : svuday ear/.,
6 Ra*nrilay cnly.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
I Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the b««t rail-
read, with the highest clans accommodation*.
Connecting train leaves Han Franciaco a*
ICC p. m.
KOIfOAY. WEDKZSDAT. 7SIDAT. SATUaDAT,
Arriving In Chicago at 1:1S p. m.
fBIDAT. IDSDAT. TCESOAT. WSOHE3OAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
I Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
. Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Ml*
! for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and the East
I l:» p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Xt*rween Stockton. Fresno. Han/ord. Vlsalta.
Tular* and Bakfrsfleld. furnishes good looaJ
train service.
Ban Franclwco office. en Market at., telephone
Main IiJV
Oakland office. 111! Broadway.
, Sacramento office. 201 J street.
j Ban Joae office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
■ CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN iY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Feppy, Foot of Market tit.
FRANCIS4JU IT) SAN RAFAEL
*TEEK DAYB-I.M, 8; 0« U :(M a, UM>
*. I, li. 10 ' *•* p> m - Thursdays— Extra U1»
A&Jt- m B*lur8 * lurd r# — trlp« at 1:»
B Y-: D -yVS- D S:c£* »:». !!:«• a. m.: 1:30. Ids*
"Y^VK^. >:>o> U:W " m - : ■"• "•
1:00. »:io o. ro.
_ San nATAEi, to ban rr— v^crsro.
WEKK DATB-«:10k 7 60. • 10. ll^Tt a. m. ; 11:0,
1:40. 8:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip* at
1.65 and 8 i". p. tn.
IT.VDAYa-iiia, »:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 1:40. IM.
• tIS o. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Bchuetzen Pur*
game scaaduls as at«>ra.
Leave Arrive
Ban Franolaco. In Effect Pan rranclao«k
; •-- October IS.
Week Bun- »J9. Sun- Week
Days. days. nation days. Davys,
T'JO am| 1:00 am Novato, 10:43 am 440 am
1:30 pm 1:30 am Petaluma, «:05 pm 19:tS am
1.10 pm 1:09 pm Santa Row*. 7.28 pm 1:23 pta
Fulton,
Ida am Windsor. 10:19 as
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Oeyservtlle,
/Mpm 1:00 am Clover£ale. 1-M pen ißm
f :30 am Uopland and
1:00 am Uklah. 7:18 pm 1:13 pm
f:M am 10. » am
1:00 am Ouern«v!!le. • 7:33 pm
■JO pm <:33 pm
l:Soam 1:00 am Sonoma 10:0 am I:4* am
and
ItlO pm 1:00 pm Glen Ellen. (.-08 pm 1:39 am
1:10 ami 1:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10 »am
1:50 pmj 8:00 pm LJi IB _?* 5:33 tm
Btaa-es connect at Santa Rota for Mark West
Springs ar.il White Sulphur Bprlngs; at I.yttea
or L)ttnn 6prln«s; at Oeyserville for SkagaS
Bprlngs: at CJr.verdale for the O.«r»ers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Hlchland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Spring?. Poda, Bay, Lake-
port and BArtlett Springs: at L'ktaa for Vichy
[.rlnri. Baratoga Sprinse, blue L&kea. Laurel
Ml Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
1 Potter Valley. John Day's. Blvenlde, Lierley*<
j rurknella. Banhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's
I lot Springs, Mcndoclno City. Fort Bragg.
IVestport, Utal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cutn-
mlnrs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olaea'a. Dyer.
•cctla and Eureka.
■ Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
4uced rate*.
1 On Sunday round trio tickets to all potass
Wyond San Hafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices. t'J> Market aL. Chronicle Md»
ML C. WHITING. R. X. RTAV.
General Manager Oca. Pass. Acaat.
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SeoaiUte Parry
Commencing October I. issi.
WHOM SAN FRAN' -IS' TO MILL vit.i.r|
• AND PAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATB-*T:CO. •» JO. U:W a. m.: »1:4».
Pitlt, 5:15. ••00. 1:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill "a lie, and 3aa lU.
'ael, on Mondays, Wednes<!>-*s and Saturdays.
at 9:00 and 11 JO p. m
BUNDAVS— •!:«). »10:00, »Il:30 a. m. ; «l:li.
1:15. »4 45. 1:30. }:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN • NCTBCO,
WEEK DATB-«:33. •«:». 41, I:4* a. ml
*ll:10. 3:15, »J 40. KM p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at (:44 and 10:15 p. m.
BUNDATS— 4:2O. *J:CO. •'/ m. *11:4S a. m>|
•1:40. »3:15. 4 15. »«:30 p. m.
Train* marked '•) start from Ban Quentta.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WEEK DAT? : 1:45, 7:»3, »«» a. mT|
U.K. 3:85. »-4S. »:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS «n Mon<!.iys, Wednesdays aaj
Saturdays at 7 60 and 10:30 p. it
I SUNDAYS- 10:08 a. m. • i:.-6. 3:15. 1:1%
I |:C4). Iti p. %|||Ot»H TRAINS.
THR<">T'iH THA:V9.
1:00 a. m. week days— Caxadero and way station*,
1:00 a. m. Saturdays— Tomales and 1 way atatlcr.a.
:40 p. m. Saturday»--T"ti.alei ami —a/ atatl -nc,
,60 a. m. SuntU/f— an 4 way lUUoaa.
•
1112
PASSENGERS CLOSE TO
DEATH AT A CROSSING
San Jose Train Derailed Near
the City Limits.
Numbers of Lives Placed in Jeopardy by
the Spreading of Rails on a De
fective Track.
SOTTIIT~KN rArnnC way train No.
€. which left Third ar«l Townsend
*tr.MM* yesterday morning At 7
o'clock lor San Jose, carried K>"»
passengers roarer to cVath than
they will ever ret this of the act
uality. I**s than h:Uf an hour after It
h.-id Mon-nod out «if ihe depot the trn.ln
n-Ds a wreck at Baden crossing. San Ma
lm County. Th«- rear vh«vls of the. mall
car w.ro*<.n the UefC the t>npc.i£<* car.
bait ov.-rturnfl. wa* thrown <-l*ar off m
tracks, the wrhe«!a on one side, burled deep
in the mud thre© tc-cx. from the outf'.d*
rail, prevented *erm!r.gly by nothing less
ihan a mlrarle from toppling Into a por.d
at the foot of a l(*-fo.->t embankment. The
Mucker. In the rear, filicd with pas«»en
t'Ts. wns completely derailed. Beyond a
row bruits, a severe shrine up and a
pa&eraJ panicky feeling the pa-«sr>ngers
and trainmen were uninjured.
The accldmt wa« due undoubtedly to a
Fprcadlr.p rail, hlthouch the railroad peo
ple profess Ignorance a* to the cause.
That tho ei.clne and four cars were not
Tiled u;> in the ditch was admittedly be
cause the train hud slowed down Just
the m.imi'tit before for the purpose of
maklnc a *viTch. It whs poinK not more
thun lour mile* an hour when the Mint
•■bed hit the trHck and the baKKage car
wa> derailed. Had the rail spread with
the train at full speed the horror of the
wreck and tho los* of life would not be
toid for flays.
One train, a. passrr.cer. from Pan Jnse.
crowded with pi*op>, passed over the
'.domical Fjot a phr*rt time before the ur
ddcat and had no mishap. A few min
utes lat.-r Mi.RlrKor John Hewitt of No.
6. ap;>r>Mi'hinp th«- r_r<>sslns. slowed down
to drop ;he front brakrman to make the
nwltch at tho far The brak^man
made th" rarltch and Hewitt started up
Mowly. Ms «t:cin» ar.d the mall car pass-
Jnc ov< r In :;<!< ty. The next instant theie
w;is an awful j^rk and :i heavy bumpit.K
on the railis. Th.' ba^rKa^e coach had
d oft" .".rid. hittlnu a tie, had bi^n
thrown v|ni«-r.tly Fldeways.
H< for" Hewitt could stop the enfnne the
rear whorls «-f the mail car r.nd be«n de
railed and the smoker was on th* tle«.
Its occupants, many of thorn stable em
plm. s at r.ir.f .ran track, were rushlnp:
v\ll<lly ior ti;e dr>,,rs.
Nf\Vs .if tlif- wreck wo teifjrmphei to
South Sin Francisco and the city and
wrerkinc crews started from both places
for the scen^ of the accident. When they
arrived it was found that a score or so
The Derailed Train After the Accident.
of ti's ha.l been deeply cut, the switch
post bri'k<n. th«» crossing plar.ks splin
tered and the ride of the f.&ggajre car
badly bpoit< a in where It bad struck the
twitch post. In a vhort time the de
railed s-nvikor and mail car had becrn.
placed back on th« track and by switch
inn had been made up into a shortered
train on the m:Un track with the enginu
and the i»;^M-!n:<r* were carried on. I'
took thirty m«n of the two wrecking
crews till 3 o'clock In the afternoon be
fore they cot the derailed baggage car
out of sight of th«» passing public on the
trains on the msdn track.
SCHEME TO PORTRAY
THE COLONIAL ERA
IDHA OF A CHARITY FUNCTION
SAX FRANCISCO.
Surcf-ss r : I 0 >rnival at
the Mechanics' Pavilion in the
Recalled.
Joseph P. Redding of N<w York arrived
In San Francisco night before last. Owing
to business engagements In the East his
nojourn In the city will not extend l>eyond
three or four days. During a lone resi
dence in California Mr. Redding actively
purported many enterprises designed to
promote the happiness of the people and
the advancement of the city. He still
rntrrtHins ?]\r>< lal admiration for Golden
CSate Park and is delighted to hear that
the noble idea of a music concourse will
be carried to perfection in form by the
penerous public njirtt of Claus Spreckcls.
Mr. Redding was one of the pioneers In
the cause of providing the people with
pood miihic at the park. It is true that
the band occasionally played music of Mr.
Reading's cumjxifcitiun. l>ut it was good to
listen to, and lovers of good music often
.-i.-l:. .1 for more of it.
Yesterday, at the r.ohcmlan Club, Mr.
Redding recalled pome of the achieve
ments of San Francisco In the line of pre
senting picturesque spectacles to delight
the vision and gratify the mind. Ho
placed the authors* carnival which was
held at the. Mechanics* Pavilion in the
early eighties at the head of the social
triumphs In the cause of charity. lie
maintains that San Francisco possesses
tome Necret method unknown to other
cities which M-rves to make carnivals of
thl* character acceptable to the public.
Mr. Redding eald:
"On my Journey across the continent. In
company with Jack Schroe<ler. it came to
my fiincy that some great city of the
I'nltod btatea bhould present a colonial
carnival on the lines of the authors' car
nlvil There phould be at leant fourteen
TnoothK-thlriccn to represent rc?nectlvely
in character and costume tha original
thirteen colonies at the period of the
involution. The fourteenth might repre
sent the W>"c Ooa*t at that time, or
r*rhn pi present the features In the life
customs of the Indian tribes of the
countri-. The literature of I>on?fellow
and Irving, tho histories of the r«volu
fiV.n^rv trades, the ptlrrinff hcenes in
iKSfn, Ihe phi*** of life in Philadelphia
And New York, and the volumes of tra-
SPtion rerpectlng the war for independ
ence.would give scope lor costuming and
character delineation. Surely the carni
uld b«» rendered exceptionally at-
Dir^e or four charitable socle
■ lining in the poheme might gain
$26,000. <" if course it would be ne •-.
f"r vnung men and women, well known
i - . tendencies, to give time
fcjid thought t.. the enterprise "
CAMPAIGN EXPENSES.
Republican Purity Committee Files
Statement With Registrar.
The Republican purity committee, filed
«n Itemized statement of the expenses of
the last campaign with Registrar Step
pach-r yesterday morning. The total
amount received by the committee, which
had in hand the disbursement of all funds.
was X&o. This turn was received from
various sources, including the contribu
tions of the various Republican candi
dates. Exactly J4^."> CO was expended for
the legitimate expenses of the campaign,
which covered the sums paid for music,
hall rent, printing and otner Incidentals.
The surplus, amounting to $744 4". will be
turned over to the Republican County
Coma for us* In future elections.
A VICTIM OF THE RACE
TRACK EMBEZZLES FUNDS
FINANCE KEEPER OF GOLDEN
UTST TENT. MACCABEES.
The Order Protected by Bonds. bul
Member^ Mourn the Loss of
Money Loaned.
A trusted officer of the Knights of the
M.ireab^cs ha? sr<^n« wronp. Ella name is
Frederick A. Seaman and he was the
finance keeper of Golden West Tent No.
TA, located in this city. He Joined the tent
about three years ago, and aft^r ■> time
was elected to the office of finance keeper.
It wan hi« duty to handle the assessments
and duos from members. As in all well
regulated orders, the finance keeper was
placed under bonds, the surety beinp Riv
en by a fidelity company, so that the tent,
while It la annoyed when confronted With
the fact that one of its members was dis-
I honest, will not pecuniarily be out and in
jured as the company will make good the
loss it Fustalncd through its officer. About
three weeks ago Seaman, who was em
ployed as head barber in the Emporium.
cave notice of his intention to leave, as he
j had secured a more lucrative place, and
I the next night he visited the tent for the
I purpose of excusing himself from attend
! ance. After that he was missing from his
home at Zl Glen Park avenue, and he has
been missing from th« ever since. An
examination of his accounts led to the
discovery that he had not accounted for
1217 of the funds of the tent. Subsequent
to this discovery the tent received a letter
I from the dishonest tinance keeper dated
i at Sacramento, in wh!«*h ho acknowledged
I his wrong doing and save as an excuse
I that he was heavily in debt, was being
I pressed by his creditors and being unable
to Mand the pressure had used Mich mon
ey as he could secure to provide his wife
and family from immediate want, and he
asked that he be protected from the sure
ty company, as it was trying to ascertain
his whereabouts to have him arrested.
While the tent as an organization will
not be at a loss, a number of the members
are out in various sums ranging from $.1
to $23. which Seaman had borrowed from
them. How much this amounts to cannot
be ascertained, as the members are not
willing to acknowledge that they had been
taken in.
It li« stated that Seaman got into trou
ble by leaving the straight and narrow
path for the broad but crooked one.
through the influence of the race track,
lie bet his own money, then that which ho
borrowed and that of the tent, always
played on the wrong horse, and being un
nble to recoup his losses, he sought safety
from prosecution in flight.
Ladt^i' tailor-made mitt*, fur ear**, ctoaka.
Credit. M. Rothschild. M Poet it •
"STRAW BOND" KELLY
PLACED ON TRIAL
EDWARD REILLY TAKES THE
STAND AGAINST HIM.
Witness Denies That He Signed the
Instruments the Defendant Is
Charged With Having
Forged for Wilson.
Thomas A. Ktlly. ex-Police Court clerk,
was placed on trial before Judge l..iv\i .r
yesterday morning on a charge of forgery,
alleged to have been committed in the fill
ing out of "straw" bonds Tor tho release
of Harry Wilson, who I M in prison on
three charges of petty larceny. l>uring
the morning s«tsion the following jury
was selected to try the case: Henry L.
Tatum, Samuel K. Weeks. Meyer Kluer,
Albert M. Kohl hern, William Rennle,
Kred W. Dohrmann. James H. (J;trratt,
David P. Brown, Moses Bauer, Lachlan
Mclntosh, William Patterson and Chris
tian P. Behrmann.
On the opening of •he afternoon session
Edward Rellly, politician, looking rustic
after ■ visit in the country, took the
stand and testified that he did not sign
the bonds that bore, his alleged signature.
He fald that the writing on the bonds
was not his. that he never authorized
any person to sign the Instrument and
that he was not acquainted with Wilson,
henco there was nothing to be gained by
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THrUSDAT, NOVEMBER 30. 1899.
YOUNG MRS. WESTERFELDT RELATES
THE WOES OF A HASTY MARRIAGE
FACES AND FIGURES IN A MINOR DOMESTIC DRAMA.
ADDITIONS to the local colony of rubbernecks were
made by the dozen yesterday in Police Judge Mo
gan's court. The prettiest girl that had passed Its
portals In many months Wai the moving cause.
Ten months ago she was Oroveda Raymond, single and
just sixteen, when she ran away with twenty-year-old
Herman Westerfeldt and got married. Five times in as
many succeeding months she deserted his bed and the
board she pays he promised, but never provided, and five
times she went back because she loved him. Two months
later she deserted again never to return. Only last week,
she says, he threatened to kill her and her appearance
in court was In the role of prosecuting witness against
him on that charge.
According to the story of the bride Westerfeldt was
a poor provider, giving her but little more than love
upon which to live during their many times interrupted
married love. Considering the airiness of that diet the
young woman presented a decidedly healthy appearance
as she sat in court beneath a fetching red hat, awaiting
the calling of her case. She was supported on either side
by young gentlemen who had witnessed the last meeting
between herself and Westcrfeldt, out of which had grown
the prosecution. The defendant, a tall, pale young fel
low with a bang, sat to the left of his attorney, who
was flanked on the left by Paul de Bauge, accused of
being a st rangier of women.
The bride was her own tlrst witness. She said she
would be seventeen next February; that the had been
married ten months, had deserted the defendant six
times in the lirst seven moons of that period; that she
didn't want to live with him any more, and that she.
had instructed her attorney to sue Westerfeldt for di
vorce. In answer to questions from the court she de
scribed the meeting at which she said Westerfeldi had
threatened her. It occurred at noon one day last week
on Market street.*
"He grabbed me by the wrist." Fhe said, "and dragged
me up the street. I screamed and he told me to be care
ful, to consider what I was doing— I didn't go with him
I would be sorry."
his siKninp the. instrument. Up was
asked as to his acquaintance with Thom
as E. Cosprove. whose name appeared
with his on the bond, and he said that he
never met Fuch a party He pronounced
the signatures as forgeries and was dis
missed from the stand. The case goes on
to-day.
ITSipHf XS Royal Baking Powdei
Hn^litflf uiftACC possesses peculiar quali-
Iltdi iflllllllChS ties not found in other
TQ leavening agents, which
- »r- -j arise from the superior
XllC IOOu fitness,purityandhealtrw
fulness of its ingredients.
Royal Baking Powder leavens the food perfectly
by its own inherent power without changing or
impairing any of the elements of the flour.
Thus the hot-breads, hot-rolls and muffins, and
the delicious hot griddle-cakes raised by the Royal
Baking Powder are wholesome and digestible, and
may be eaten without distress, even by persons of
delicate digestion.
Alum baking powders are low priced, as alum costs hut
two cents a pound ; but alum is a corrosive poison and
it renders the baking powder dangerous to use in food
UOYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
"Did he ever threaten to kill you?" asked the court.
"A number of times," replied the young wife, "he said
he would turn the gas on me. Once he did turn it on.
but he turned it riff again on my promise to get some
money. I went to the City Hall and got $2 trom the
.Mayors fund and gave It to him."
"You mean the Robinson bequest fund." paid his
Honor.
"Yes, sir," replied the witness. "Many other times h"
threat, ned to kill me and threw combs and bru-'
me "
"Did you ever see him have any deadly weapon, a
revolver, or — or a cigarette "
"Not that I know of," was the reply.
Mr- Westerfeldt said that in all her married life her
husband had never contributed, all told, more than $2 to
the maintenance of the menage and she bad been com
pelled to sing in the Tlvoli chorus in order to keep the
table going.
I'ivid 1.. Rosenberg, lr.te of Indlnna. a second cousin
of Mrs. Westerfeldt, was with her when the threat was
alleged to have been made.
"Westerfeldt told me," said Rosenberg, "to keep my
f.-i. .■ out of it— it was none of my affair. He made a
break to hit me. When he left Mrs. Westerfeldt he said
to her. Til be DP to your mother's this evening at 7:30
nnd I'll be properly armed for whatever may occur.' "
"< »h, I tee," said the court, "he was preparing to call
on his mother-in-law'"
Frank de Man .I). mi told substantially the same story
as Rosenberg.
The defendant admitted the meeting, but denied the
threats. He said lie had merely wanted to tell the girl
if she wanted a divorce she could get it and if she didn't
gel It he would. He denied having turned on the p;m
to shorten Mrs. Westerfeldt's troubled marital career
and wa-s positive he had never been SO ungallant as to
shy a hair hru-h at her. On the contrary, he asserted,
his ability as a side-stepper had saved his pate from the
impact of a perfunv- bottle thrown by the bride.
Tho court will decide the case Monday next.
ASSAILANT OF
McDONNELL IS
STILL AT LARGE
=-•
Police Working in the
Dark.
Detective Ed Gibson is still pursuing
his investigation into the mysterious cut
ting of William McDonnell, the marine
fireman* who, after belnß stabbed a num
ber of times, was thrown into the oay by
his murderous assailant.
Larry Powers, who was at first thoimnt
to know s<im»-thii.e of tho «lesper:ite
crime, w.is Interviewed last iuxht by <JIV
son in his room on First Mreet. ne.-»r
Hrannan. He emphatically denied tli.it
he kn^w anything about ii" 1 cutting n<
admitted 1 1 - n t he was acquainted with
McDonnell, bat disclaimed the idea that
he was ;n any way connected with the.
bloody crime. The detective If satisfied
that McDonnell had a row with some un
known man who. after repeatedly stab
bing him, threw him into tho bay in the
hope of covering up the crime.
McDonnell was visited by his sister-in
law yesterday forenoon at the Marine
Hospital. She endt-avored to R.-t him to
further particulars of the assault,
but he refused to do bo. and stated that
he had no d<sire for the authorities to
<!• nl with the man who had stabbed him.
He Intlmat-'l that when he got well he
would attend to the punishment hims. If.
He refused to say whether Powers was
the man or not. Mrs McDonnell Insists
that the story he told her, as published
exclusively in The Call yesterday morn
lng. was exactly as her hrother-in-law
had told it to her. Investigations made
by the police bear out the story.
The wounded man is Flowlv recovering
and Is now practically out of danger. It
is expected that he will he able to leave
the hospital by the end of the week.
When first >> ■it by a Call reporter.
Powers pretended ignorance of the at
tempted murder of McDonnell, and even
denied that he was acquainted with him.
He afterward admitted that he had work
ed with the wounded man's brother and^
knew McDonnell for about twenty years.
As his statements were anything "but sat
isfactory. Detective Gibson was notified
and he at once sought an Interview with
Powers. He readily consented to answer
the questions of the detective, but fre
quently Stopped to proclaim his inno
cence of any connection with the crime.
Gibson will continue his Investigation to
day and is hopeful of apprehending the
murderous assailant of McDonnell.
r>r. Parker s c uj;h < urr. on» done will stop
* cough. N-'v.t Calls. Try It. All .irugglats. •
REPUBLICAN EXPENDITURES.
The purity committee of the Republican
party for the election held November 7
yesterday filed a statement of its receipts
and expenditures during the last enm
palpn. The recapitulation shows that the
receipts aggregated $6280 and th.- expendi
tures $4535 CO. The items of expenditures
included those for music, redflre hail
rent, advertising and orators. The nom
inees who contributed to the fund, and
the sum contributed by each, follow: 1
H. Scott. Tax Collector. $200; L. Feusier
Treasurer, $200; W. C. Tiffany. Recorder.
J1S0: Albert Heyer, Assessor. $200; A; i:
Wells. Auditor, $200; Horace Davis, Mayer
$300; C. H. Jackson. City Attorney. iZM :
John Lackmann. Sheriff. $250: W. A Dean«
County Clerk. $200. The Horace Davis
Central Republican Club donated $1000 and
A. Bouvier gave $270. Mr. Lackmann d• -
nated $150.
MORE NAMES ARE
MENTIONED FOR
MAYOR'S FAVORS
Health Board Under
Discussion.
— ♦ —
DRS. BAZET AND WILLIAMSON
♦
LACKMANNS PATRONAGE GOES
TO THE PARTY.
It is said upon excellent authority that
Dr. Louis Basel and Dr. J. M. William
son Will bo the first choice of Mayor I'h'
lan for the incoming Board of Hcaltn,
and it Is further eald that the Mayor will
be guided largely by their advice in mak
ing subsequent appointments to that body.
Both the physicians named have served
upon previous boards and both have na
tional reputations. The news of their
probable appointment is being well re
ceived by their medical colleagues.
Whether or not Dr. Basel will accept
the proffered ofllce is another question.
His practice and the studies he Is pursuing
along scientific lines were greatly ham
pered by his public duties during the
last administration, and it la known that
he would rather not get into harness
again if he can keep out of It. He i«».
however, a warm personal friend of
Mayor Phelan. and is also his Honor's
family physician, and that influence will
probably prove strong enough to compel
his acceptance. Dr. Thomas Shumate is
also generally mentioned a* a probable
member of the board, but he may be ten
dered the position of chief surgeon •>( i*ie
Receiving Hospital Instead. Dr. William
R. Dorr and Dr. R. W. Murphy Jr. will
probably be tendered ollicea at either the
harbor or central station. Dr. Dorr has
been attached to the harbor station dur
ing tho present administration, and ulso
mad** an excellent reputation as surgeon
in charge of the big Treadwell Hospital
at Fort Wrangel, Alaska. Dr. Chalmers
Is maktnc a hard light for the position of
City Physician and has some strong
friends behind him.
James H. O'Brien is the latest candldats
who has come prominently into notice as
a probable member of the Civil Service
Commission. Mr. O'Brien wields a pow
erful political Influence In the city and
has always been a consistent supporter of
Mayor Pnelan. and it is said his services
will bo rewarded with pome one or other
of the chief commissions.
There is little change In the Super
visorial situation. Although Supervisor
Jennings has returned from the East it In
not lik< ly that the hoard will caucus until
after the Ist of the month. Mayor Phelan
win tender both Republican and Demo
cratic members a banquet early next
week, and it is expected that the day ror
the organization mooting will be fixed at
that time. The tight for the chairman
ship of the Finance Committee has nar
rowed down to Charles Wesley Re. 11.
U. Brandenstein and "Dick" Hotaling.
Sheriff I.arkmarin Intends to so far ke?p
his pre-election promises to the Grand
Hotel organization that he will accept
from the county committee, through the
district chairmen, suggestions as to the
disposition of the patronage of his office.
No one member of the organisation will
have anything to say in the matter: the
positions will be at the disposition of t!ie
whole organisation, and there will doubt
less be considerable hard work done !n
the next few weeks among district dele
gations. George Hare and Sis: Simon •/111
remain in the office. Bo far the commit
tee ordered at the last meeting of the
county committee to Investigate the
course of the campaign committee during
the late fight has done nothing. A num
ber of districts have appointed th»-ir
eommltteemen, but the Thirty-seventh.
Thirty-eighth and Forty-fourth districts
have refused to appoint or take any part
In the Investigation.
A FRATERNAL OFFSHOOT
SLOWLY PASSING AWAY
WORKMAN'S GUARANTEE FUND
ABOUT TO DISSOLVE.
No Money to Meet Obligations In
curred — An Association That
Did Not Start Right.
The Workman's Guarantee Fund, an
organization composed of members of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen, but
in no way connected with that organiza
tion, not belns recofmlzed by the Grand
or the Supreme Lodpe M a part of tne
order, is on the verge of dissolution.
About fifteen years ago a number of
members >>f local lodges of the Ancient
Order of I'nited Workmen met tOf
and concluded that It would be ■
idea to get up an association in
none but Workmen In Rood .-tandlng In
their lodges, of sound bodily health and
under a certain age limit would 1 •
Me. for the purpose of securing adduion
al protection at small cost. The plan w.ia
that each member should pay an Initia
tion fee of $1, ai:nu.tl dues amounting i.>
$2 and then i»ay a limited a.-s. mm
the death ol a member, the
of the deceased to receive $1 Cos
member of tin- Guarantee Km..], t:
rregate amouirt I not to • i •-• i
f\<»*>. If at any tim- then should be
more than k«i memben whatever money
r . . •■: "\ • r .i:.-! .i». ■■. •• .ho amount
r»-ijuir><l to pay a Jl'««t claim would I
piit-d to tho payment «>t anotber claim,
if there was any number less than luuu
the beneficiary would ha\. ta (■
tent with the rate of $1 for each mci
For a time the project took and a
number Joined the association, which
was a pur.- and .simple business pn
tloti, having no lodge meeting or a:iy
fraternal feature oth»»r than the tact
that the :i.> mben Wl re fral»»rr:.il men.
Ho long ai the deatb rate was >mall there
. discontent, hut when the d
rate became larce and the number of as*
sessm«-nts increased the rontiii>ut<jrs to
the fund flopped out and the fund mem
bership dwindled down from about :>'*»<.
its hlghea; limit, to a very s-maJl num
!•• r.
Some tim- apo on? 11. M. Shrphard «f
iiis service! to rehabilitate ••.
■odatlon, and he was engaged n ■
as an organizer, but as assistant to
retary ii <-. Prince at i of M
per mnnth f..r the d;itiis of thai Office.
At a meeting of the directors Of th
ciation last Tuesday night ir M
■1 that them was a ■.
of $isis. wnlcb should have been «>n
The secretary made good th< sh<
and laid the Manic upon Bbepbard, wl •
.s. k*pt the accounts. Wlien th»
affairs of the association were di
eorered thai tberc ar- i
death claims, and only mo .-ii on
band i" pa] 10 i» r cent of four of the
ilaims. Th< a.---"c latlon wan 1
rorporate. but it cannot, unless .til ti.>»
mcmli"is i consent . bui :. ■
uiin will not consent, it Is probable
in order Lo wind up the affairs an •<
ment rafßcient to meet the claim
be levied and thai it win he so bravy
thai the members win not pay it; >hen
ihe foundation for dlslncorooratlon will
• ! and the organlxatlon. which was
not started on correci busli
pies, will I of i ximi •
The . :'
are. Preeldent, D. D. B vice
president, Sam ry. tf. ''•
Prince; dir- ■ ton D. I>. Bbattu< k.<
McCarthy, William Broderlck. H U
Prince, E D. Feusler, Z. T. Whitt»-n. X
A. Smuti. I. Brazil. Sam Booth and
Frank S. Poland.
Don't start on your Journey without putting
a bottle of Jesse M ■ "AA" In your grip.
Bsrgin Jury Disagreed.
Th*» jury in the case of Thomas I. IW- .
gin against Florence Blythe-llinckley wna
unable to agree and was discharged last
night by Judge Seawell. Attorney Bergin
sought to recover $50,000 for services ho
performed for the heiress during the ,
famous litigation. The twelve Jurors
were charged by Judge Seawell at 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon, and after re
maining out until 10 o'clock last night
asked to be allowed to go. as an agree
ment could not be reached. Although the
Jurors refused to disclose how they stood,
it is understood that eight were for the
plaintiff and four against him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ .-^a*^ ls***2. ■■■■■*
\ ■V^^^^^^SBBBB^BS*VBSaSBSnBSSB>
3-Day Specials !
Good food in engentlal to rood health.
You purrhaae health when you get ymir
rrocerlen here. We never carry anythin*
but the best. That I* one the *err»tii of
— uur »ucc«"«u«. "I'urliy ami Qnattty*^T<rmjf
motto. An to our prices, they are withtn
your reach.
FINNAN HADDIES. lb 12 1-2-
The very first of the new catch.
Regularly 15c.
PRUNES, lb 5c
French style— rood iilzed
Plump and dellclnoa.
Regularly 3 lh« 26c.
PEARS' SOAP Glycerine, box
of 3 cakes 40c
Regularly tfc.
WHISKEY, Mcßrayer's, bot 85c
Bottled In bond under Gallon $4.00
Supervision of If. R. Government.
Regularly II.:.". and $5.00.
BREAKFAST DELIGHT. 4 pkgs...2sc
Made from the rholcest wheat-
Cooks quirk. Regularly 3 for IV.
CALIFORNIA OLIVE OIL. qt bot 70c
"Santa Barbara." r* «c, 3
Guaranteed ahsolutMy pur».
Regularly Ssc and Me.
.MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FRKE.
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILL3IORE ST.,
Old number 21 Stockton Corner Lnmbard.
St. MWISJ T«l"jho3« Win IJ2.
Tt.'.jhon. Mais 552!.
!l
CTAI/rC Without doubt we Mell
X I 1I V ■* \ more «tove« than any '
JIUfLJi other <lrm ,n, n S(||)
Frnnclftco.
The reason In plain— price* and i
' treat variety are juitt what people '
want. Cnfth-or-llttle-nt-n-tlme. (
.Stove* that we guarantee from $10
up i
ji
i » .
THE J. NOONAN
j! FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
) /O/7-/023 mission ar/tKBT.
I fibov* Sixth. i
) Phone Sooth li. Ojia tmiifi.
Catarrh, Deafness,
Wm»^&l^^ Throat'
Diseases Positively Cured by.
DR. COTTINGHAM'S «5Ki!
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Marble »t*lr entrance.
Hour*— 9-12 a. m. ; 1-3 and ?-S p. m.
Cut thin out. pr»*ent at once; gnod for nr\m
week FREE TREATMENT and medlrtn* at
office, or write for particulars. Do not delay.
Antique Belleek
Chinaware
Bargains.
It's Worth Your
Coming just to Sec.
Great American Importing Tea Ca.
Stores* Everywhere,
zoo Store*.
iniiiJ Harmless
PHBDsOi^^ Efficient
1 UIWIW ( .Toilet Requisite.
i iIUIICI lICUUIOIIwi
ron the
rnHDI CYinM Removes all %k n
WUnrilkAlUn erupt ons and takes lha
twoti%t« place of powder
FLESH.- WHITt. t b ,
PHROSO M>6.CO. pard price 50 cents
&tMCiA.CAL I Send for fre- sample.
H. E. SKINNER CO.
Successors to E. T. ALLEN CO.
Open for Business Dec. I
416 Market St.. S. F.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
I
DAVID 3
HARUM q
12mo. Cloth. $1.50 f\
BY EDWARD NOYES 91
WESTCOTT TT
A STORY OF "
AMERICAN LIFE A
SBSa«SBSSS9a««SBB«SSBM«»M«BaBaama f^
For Sale Everywhere { 0
D. Applcton & Co, New York NOT. 1