VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 49.
CALIFORNIA
BOYS ARE
DELAYED
hjeld in the Har
bor of Mar)ila
by Typhoor).
TO RELIEVE OTIS.
1
It Is Said That General
Thomas M. Aoder
son Will TaKe
His Place.
— • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July
18. — The following cable
gram has been received
from General Otis:
MANILA. July 18.—
Adjutant General, Wash
ington: Continued heavy
s i
rain and cyclonic storms
impede business in the har
bor. The Colorados sailed
on the transport Warren
yesterday. Privates Home
and Wilder of Company G
were left sick. In addition
to the regiment 130 dis
charged men of various or
ganizations took passage.
The Californians. on the
Sherman, have arrived
from Negros, but the ves
sel must be coaled and
await the subsidence of the
. vphoc-tt-ttow-prevaiHng.
OTIS.
CHICAGO, July 18.— Brigadier Gen
eral Thomas M. Anderson, com
manding the Department of the
Lakes, according to advices that
reached here to-night, is to be re
stored to the rank of Major General of
Volunteers and placed in command of
the army in the Philippines. The re
call of General Otis and the appoint
ment of General Anderson in his stead
will occur within the next week. This
Information comes from a private but
reliable source.
The choice of < new commander to
succeed General Otis is said to lie be
tween Generals Merritt and Anderson.
General Merritt has first claim to the
appointment, but he was recently mar
ried and does not wish to leave his com
fortable home in New York for fresh
service in the islands. On the other
hand. General Anderson, who led the
first expedition sent to aid Dewey, is
anxious to return there, and so he has
been selected for the command.
•When interviewed to-night General
Anderson denied that he had any offi
cial notification that he had* been se
lected.
"I have heard it in a grape-vine
way," said he, "but I have no official
intimation that it is true, and I place
no credence in the rumor whatever.
"One reason why I would not be sent
to the Philippines is because I am too
rem- the age of retirement. I will re- I
tire next February, and the Govern
ment would hardly send me abroad
■with that date so near."
General Anderson left the city to
night for Camp Thomas, where he will
pee to the recruiting of the Thirty-first
Infantry.
DISAGREEMENT OF
ANDERSON AND OTIS
Subordinate General Confirms tbe
Beports of a Clash at
Manila.
NEW YORK, July 18.— A Chicago
special to the Herald says: General
Thomas M. Anderson, commander of
the Department of the Lakes, confirms
the newspaper statements about his
clash with General Otis ln the Phil
ippines.
It was stated that even before the
first insurgent attack on the American
troops on February 4, Aguinaldo threw
up strong earthworks in sight of Gen
eral Anderson's lines. The latter 'in
sisted that his troops were being en
dangered and asked General Otis for
permission to stop the Filipinos' opera
tions. Then the following colloquy is
reported to have occurred:
"We will do nothing," said General
Otis, "until the Filipinos commit some
act of war."
"But they are intrenching themselves
against us." replied General Anderson,
"and the moment a man puts a spade
into the ground with hostile Intent he j
has committed an act of war."
Commenting on this reported con
versation General Anderson said to
day:
"That is a true statement of matters
that are now of record in the War De
partment at Washington, but it is in
formation which was never given out
by me. Aside from what the facts re
corded In my report may show, I have
no comment or criticism to advance in
regard to General Otis' acts as com
The San Francisco Call.
DREYFUS COURT-MARTIAL
WILL MEET IN AUGUST
Esterhazy Says He Was Ordered to Write the
Bordereau, and the Ministers Knew
It Was Forged,
mander-In-chief of the army of the
Philippines.
"It is hardly fair to say that General
Otis had no active commands in the
field before being sent to Manila, In
deed, the fact is General Otis cut a very
creditable figure in .the war against
Sitting Bull, he having command of a
regiment in that exciting campaign. It
is true that he has never gone to the
front in the Philippines, but then neith
er I nor any other subordinate officer
had any means of knowing what in
structions may have been -sent him
from Washington. I was second In
command under him, and he was com
mander-in-chief; it was not necessary
for him to go to the front. He directed
affairs from his headquarters.
"His censorship of the press was per
! haps a trifle too rigid at times, but I
have never heard it said until now that
he claimed the privilege to make all the
heroes of the Philippine war or that he
! eliminated laudatory mention of Funs
ton or other active campaigners. About
i the only complaint heard against Gen
eral Osis in the Philippines while I was
there was that he personally undertook
too much, leaving hardly anything for
I his subordinates to do.
"The statement that he kept General
Lawton from taking part in active
I operations for five days Is a misstate
. ment. General Lawton came to succeed
: me, and when he arrived I was in the
midst of an important maneuver, which
it was necessary for me to finish before
he took charge.
"I don't believe that General Otis ever
made the statement attributed to him
in regard to not allowing the American
public to know anything about the
campaign that would excite or agitate
it. I am an intimate friend of General
Otis and have been at the same post
with him for a number of years. We
were good friends while i was in the
Philippines.
"The statement that he exercised any
censorship over Admiral Dewey's cable
t messages is absurd. He could not do
so, because the naval cipher code is dif
ferent from the army cede. Then again.
it would have been a discourtesy be
tween the two branches of the service."
DIRECT OVERTURES •
FROM INSURGENTS
WASHINGTON, July 18.— Secretary
Hay confirmed to-day the CaJl-Herald's
SAN ER AN CISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 19, 1899.
exclusive announcement this morning I
of the receipt of an important dispatch
from the Philippine Commission giving
optimistic views respecting the Philip
pine situation.
Secretary Hay was empowered by the
Cabinet at its meeting to-day to make
public an extract from the report of
Colonel Denby descriptive of the condi
tion of affairs:
It can be added that further informa
tion received from Colonel Denby and
General Otis, which was not made pub
lic, is to the effect that overtures in the
direction of peace have been made by
prominent Filipinos. At least one Cab
inet officer with whom I talked inter
preted the dispatches to mean that
Aguinaldo and some of his subordinates
are concerned in these. The authorities
are still disinclined to discuss the mat
ter because, in the first place, they are
not very sanguine that the negotiations
will be attended with satisfactory re
sults, and, in the second place, it is
not wished to acquaint the opposition
to the Americans in the Filipino ranks
with the communications passing be
tween their leaders and the Americans,
because of the danger that it might
prevent their success.
Conservative leaders of the adminis
tration, remembering' the optimistic
conclusions drawn in the past from of
ficial dispatches from Manila, are in
clined to believe that present communi
cations with the Filipinos will not bring
final peace, though they may impress
upon the native leaders the exact in
tention of this Government. They ex
pect no cessation of hostilities, and
think peace will not come until after
another campaign. Most of the officials
estimated that peace would not be re
stored until six months, but certainly
within a year. One member of the
Cabinet, however, is sanguine enough
to believe that volunteers will not be
needed at all.
FILIPINOS WOULD
WELCOME PEACE
Masses of the People Are Weary of
Aguinaldo and His War
Policy, yf
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don" Bennett.
HONGKONG, July 18.— Isabelo Ar
PARIS, July 18.— The Rennes cor- |
respondent of the Journal des l
Debats says: "The Dreyfus
court-martial will not begin its
sittings until August 10.
The Matin this morning publishes p_
statement of Comte Ferdinand Walsiti
Esterhazy, .in which he says that he j
wrote the bordereau by order of Colo- |
nel Sandherr, and that it was sent to
the house of Colonel Schwartzkoppen, j
then military attache at the German
Embassy in Paris, whence it was return- ,
ed to the war office. Colonel Schwartz
koppen being at that time in Berlin,
never saw the bordereau, which was
forged in order to supply material
proof of the guilt of Dreyfus.
The statement contains the assertion
that secret agents in Berlin, whose tes- |
timony it was impossible to use, had
demonstrated that leakages had occur- ;
red In the war office and the fact that
treason existed was undeniable and ev
erything indicated Dreyfus as the trai- ■
tor.
All the war ministers, the statement
further says, knew the facts and
thought the forgery of the bordereau !
necessary. The evidence implicating
Dreyfus were the words put in Colonel ;
Schwartzkoppen's mouth. General Mer
cier, De Boisdeffre and Gonze knew I
that the bordereau was forged, and j
that Dreyfus was illegally convicted.
I
tacho, former Filipino Cabinet Minister,
believes that Aguinaldo and other rebel
leaders would welcome opportunity
for a peaceful settlement Of the war,
as before Artacho's escape from Imus
a majority of the people were disgusted
at the non-success of the Filipino arms
and regarded Aguinaldo's followers as
bandits. Artacho is absolutely friendly
to the Americans, but maintains that
the Filipinos will doubt, all proclama
tions unless made by Congress. He fur
ther declares that the rebellion is now
being conducted solely for personal ag
grandizement. An independent Filipino
Government, he asserts, means domes
tic slavery, and misery and ruin would
quickly follow. Personally Artacho
places absolute confidence in the Amer
icans' ability to restore peace and lead
the islands to prosperity.
Artacho is about to bring an action in
the Hongkong Supreme Court to re
cover from the Filipino Junta $100,000
(Mexican) as his share of the peace
purchase money transmitted here by-
Spain. A friend with whom he resides
has received a threatening letter.
Isabelo Artacho is one of the most
prominent of the Filipino patriots who
for years fought the Spaniards. A
trained lawyer at Manila, he early es
poused the cause of his countrymen.
He was Aguinaldo's Minister of the In
terior in the second rising, and when
Primo de Rivero . bought peace by
paying large amounts to the leaders of
the insurrection he was left as hostage
with the Spaniards to effect the dis
arming of the natives. Upon his release
he began suit at Hongkong against
Aguinaldo to restrain him from taking
the money which had been sent there
by v Rivero for the insurgent junta. As
a result of this action, when he returned
to Cavite folio-wing Dewey's victory, he
was promptly thrown into prison by
order of the rebel dictator, and several
of his relatives were similarly treated.
In an interview with the Herald cor
respondent in Cavite Prison on August
5 the ill-treated patriot bewailed the
wrongs he had suffered. Nothing has
been heard frc-m him since, but it can
easily be inferred from the special cable
dispatch here given that he has been
held prisoner and only recently escaped
from Aguinaldo's toils, possibly during
Continued on Second Page. -
FIGHTING
IN SAMOA
RENEWED
Chiefs Killed in
a Battle at
Suatele.
LEADERS CAPTURED
—
Chief Justice Chambers
Wants to Come l-Jor^e
and Give Up H is
Place.
— • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Writing of the situation in Samoa
on June 16 The Call's special corre
spondent at Apia said:
''The situation is not one that
promises a lasting peace. If Com
missioner Eliot refuses to recede from
his present ground it is almost cer
tain that the commission will not
succeed in concluding the work it has
begun, and a conflict between the two
! factions of natives which will again
involve the whites may be looked for
at an early date."
From the tenor of the dispatches
from Samoa this morning it is ap
parent that the clash has come.
Whether the result will be serious
remains to be seen. Readers of The
Call, knowing how close the Asso
ciated Press Agent is to Chief Justice
Chambers, will be permitted to doubt
the accuracy of that agent's informa
tion about President McKinley's de
sire to retain Chambers in his po
sition.
A Samoa, July 12. via Auck
land, July IS. — Fighting occurred
at Sofata, in the Suatele district,
on July 4, and one Malietoan
chief was mortally wounded and
two Mataafa chiefs and one Suatele
were killed and three others wounded.
: The British cruiser Tauranga and the
German cruiser 'Coffnoran arrested
three chiefs and brought them to Apia
j for trial before the Supreme Court.
The joint commissioners will leave for
; Washington July 18. Chief Justice
i Chambers will leave for San Francisco
ion the steamer Moana on July 14. Not
desiring to return, he has sent his res
! ignation to President McKinley, who
\ does not wish to receive it. The ques
', tion whether this constitutes a vacancy
; in the chief justiceship is being dis
| cussed by the commissioners. Dr. Solf
| claims that he will preside over the Su
: preme Court if Chambers leaves the
island. If there is a vacancy, then eith
i er Hunter or Mair may be designated
; to fill the chief justiceship.
The commissioners are much blamed
I for not rdering the restitution of loot
taken by rebels.
Mataafa partisans among the rebels
I are raising funds to fight the kingship
question through lawyers and are confi
j dent of obtaining a rehearing. Mataafa,
1 however, accepts the abolition of the"
kingship and will be present at a meet
; ing with the commissioners on Savati
| Island.
His supporters request the dismissal
i of Chief Justice Chambers and defy the
| order of the Supreme Court.
The International Commissioners are
Continued on Second Page.
TO DRIVE FRENCH FROM
BANKS OF NEWFOUNDLAND
THE BLACK DRAUGHT
HER DEATH POTION
Florence Parker Closed Her Life
With a Night of Reck=
less Revelry.
Efforts Made to Have the Girl's Body
Quickly Cremated to Prevent
Expose of the Tragedy.
•■■.-'-.
Florence Parker died by her own j
hand.
That the dubious reputations of those
who had brought her to what she was I
might not suffer the Coroner has said
her end came naturally and in the or- j
der of. things, but facts have come up j
into the light of day that give the lie j
direct to that official's statement and j
lend to Florence Parker's story all the
glamor of a romance of the half world.
It is a story that has had and will j
always have its parallels so long as San
Francisco's mighty undercurrents are j
permitted to flow as strong and deep: j
and for so long as the city's Coroners
rob those who have not yet been set j
afloat upon them of the examples that
might deter.
Of the world which she left Florence
Parker was a pronounced type. Of her
companions who were gay she was the
gayest and she claimed more beauty.
She was magnetic and won to herself
after once she had been started friends
of wealth and influence. She was an
extremist in all things that appealed to j
her inborn love of excitement and in- i
ordinate, jangled passions.
In the gay, garish throng that made j
infamous and memorable the night of j
the celebration of the Fall of the Bas- j
tile at the Chutes she was a prominent
figure. She had gone out to see and |
had, after her fashion, stayed to par- j
take. It was a day of wild, feverish
j merrymaking, was that Frankish cele- |
. bration, such a day as only the hot
blooded denizen of the French colony
could start going and such a day as
only the hotter-blooded half world could
bring to the bedlam it was at the finish.
From the first fanfare of trumpets in
the morning to that time in the evening
when the "gr«en lady" was set up as
goddess of the night it was the day of
the Gaul. After that it belonged to the
tenderloin,, and the tenderloin put it to j
characteristic use.
From the less enthusiastic ones who
were poking fun at the animals in the
zoo Florence Parker found her way
through the crowd to the door of the
big theater, with its thousand lights
and tawdry tinsels. Her friends were
everywhere; with the dancers on the
floor, with the drinkers who were drip
ping their absinthe at the tables around
the entrance, and in the cafe where wild
est orgies were already breeding. It was
only a suggestion that was needed to
plunge her, body and soul, Into the gid- j
dy maelstrom, and the suggestion
j came. From the moment she went out
onto the dancing floor the fever of the
night entered into her blood and "the
melancholy that had led her there she
knew no more till morning.
From the ballroom the party that
had gathered around her were attracted
by a crowd of students who had turned
j themselves loose in the big cafe. They j
J had stolen two fair ones of the tender- j
HARBOR OF ST. .JOHNS, NEWFOUNDLAND.
The dispatches announce that Great Britain is making preparations on a
large scale to settle the French-Newfoundland fisheries troubles. England has
collected In the port of St. Johns. Newfoundland, the largest fleet assembled
under the British flag on this side of the Atlantic since the war of I*l2. For
some time Commodore Giffard's squadron has been lying there. It consists of
the Comus (flagship). 2350 tons. 12 grins. 886 mm; the Alert. 1770 tons, . guns,
210 men— both of these being third-class cruisers; the Buzzard, sloop. 1000 tons,
S guns, 145 men, and the Columbire. special service ship. 300 tons, 3 guns, 56
men. This has been reinforced by Admiral Sir Frederick Bedford's fleet.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
loin from their escorts and set them
dancing on the tables. It was such a
dance as made the Midway famous,
and inspired by many cold green drinks,
the women were showing no small skill.
Some cine in the party struck a tray
filled with glasses from the hand of one
of the rushing waiters. One of them
fell at the feet of Florence Parker, and,
seizing it, she quickly jumped to a
near-by table, held it at arm's length
and deftly kicked it hack into the
crowd from which it had come.
In a minute a fight had started, the
dancers were forgotten, and police,
students and laughing women were
mixed in a yelling, cursing crowd that
forced the cause of it all and her com
panions out through the doors and over
to the whirling hobby-horses that spun
round under a tent near the entrance.
A whirl on these and more to drink, the
Chutes and Florence Parker was miss
ing.
At 8 o'clock Saturday morning, the
morning of her frenzied debauch at the
Chutes, the maid hastily wakened Mrs.
Ella Parker and told her that Florence
was in her room and in a serious con
dition. Mrs. Parker quickly wakened
State Senator Sigmund Bettman, and
together they hurried to the girl's room.
She lay on her bed, unconscious, breath
ing heavily, her face fast purpling. It
was evident to them she was suffering
from poison. They hastily applied an
tidotes and worked over her for half an
hour. Then Senator Bettman dressed
and quickly summoned Dr. Levlson.
All the physician's skill, however,
availed naught, for an hour after she
had been discovered she died without
having regained consciousness.
Florence Parker was 25 years of age
at the time of her taking off. When
but 17 she met and shortly after be
came the mistress of George I. Bailey,
proprietor of the Golden Gate Stables
at Golden Gate avenue and Jones
street. Bailey was a man of wealth
and lavished money upon her. For
years he made her an allowance of $2"0
per month and decked her in gems of
much price. They lived part of the
time at her home at 1419 Devisadero
street, where the menage was com
pleted by the presence of Senator Bett
man, who was on terms of close ac
quaintance with her mother, Mrs. Ella
Parker, and the rest of the time at
Bailey's rooms at 110 Jones street.
They lived the fastest of lives until a
year ago they quarreled. Taking her
diamonds with her. Florence left for
the East in company with a prominent
traveler for the Goodyear Rubber Com
pany. Their itenerary included all oi.
the big cities of the East, and Florence
returned to the West well satisfied with
her new lot. A second trip followed
and her drummer deserted her at the
Continued on Fifth rase.2
RIORDAN VISITS
CAMP FALLON
Fun in Camp of the League of the Cross Cadets.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
FALLON, SANTA CRUZ, July IS. -
Archbishop P. W. Riordan journeyed
to Santa Cruz to-day and honored
Camp Fallon with his presence. His ar
rival in the city by the sea was an auspi
cious one. He reached' here on th* 1:45
o'clock train and was met at the depot by
the regiment. As the train pulled in tho
cadets lined the track and as the reverend
gentleman stepped from the car thj*»y pre
sented sabers, while the band played a
welcoming air.
Colonel Sullivan met the distinguished
visitor as he stepped off the platform and
escorted him to a carriage. The Arch
bishop was accompanied by Rev. Father
Cummings of St. Patrick's and Rev. Phil
lip O'Ryan, spiritual director of the
League of the Cross Cadets. Th • car
riage was placed in the center of the regi
ment, and with the band playing martial
airs his Grace was escorted to Camp Fal
lon Colonel Sullivan then showed him
around the camp, and he was much
pleased with Its order and surroundings,
lie visited The Call's headquarters and
was shown photographs of camp scents.
In the evening the Archbishop gave a
dinner in honor of Colonel Sullivan and
his staff at the Sea Beach Hotel. The
guests of honor were: Colonel William P.
Sullivan Jr., Lieutenant Colonel Thomas
F. Ryan, Captain and Adjutant John P.
Duffy. Major Daniel J. McGloin, Major
Daniel C. Deasy, Major William 11. Mc
Cai thy. Major and Surgeon Joseph G.
Morrissy. Captain and Surgeon J. F. Sulli
van, Captain and Inspector Daniel J Mc-
Carthy, Chaplain Rev. Father Dempsey,
Lieutenant and Quartermaster H. Maho
ney, Lieutenant and Commissary Joseph
A. Watts, Lieutenant and Adjutant John
J. Crowley, Lieutenant and Adjutant
Frank I. Gonzalez, Lieutenant and Adju
tant William A. Kelly.
Others who sat at the banquet table
were: Mayor W. H. Lamb. J. M. Walsh,
Rev. Fathers O'Ryan, Dempsey, Cullen,
McNamee, Cummings; T. W. Kelly, J.
Doran of the Surf, T. Prendergast and
Louis Levy.
The Archbishop will leave for San
Francisco to-morrow, as will Fathers
Cummings and O'Ryan.
Had Dolphin dance hall been twice its
size it could not have accommodated the
crowd which attended the Cadets' initial
hop last night. Lieutenant Colonel Ryan
acted as floor manager, and when not ar
ranging some dance during the evening
the second in command of i the regiment
did stately maneuvering over the waxed
lloor. The music was supplied by Otto
Larscher and Steve Douglass, who play
the cornet and the snare deum In the
hand and the piano and violin in the or
chestra. Both proved themselves artists
on the latter instruments. Douglass' vio
lin playing was repeatedly encored.
Lieutenant Charley Flynn of Company
R is running opposition to the cook. At
3 o'clock this morning he strolled into
I camp and chaperoned about sixteen
cadets, principally officers, to the quarters
of the eating department and gave them
a sample of his cooking ability. Fried
eggs, chops and other dishes were turned
out for his admiring friends and they dis
played their confidence in his culinary
ability by eating heartily.
The slumbers of Captain Powers and
Lieutenant Terry of Company G were
rudely disturbed a half-hour after reveille
this mornbig by Lieutenant Toohey and
"Baby" Dewey". The former brought the
miniature six-pounder outside the sleep
ing officers' tent and the deafening re
port which followed awakened them hur
riedly. They are now concocting a scheme
whereby they may be revenged on their
unwelcome visitor.
The highest compliment that could be
paid the caterer by the cadets is heard
frequently at meal time. As the boys
march toward their taffies some hold
Spirit yells: "We want stew! What do
We get." And in one voice his compan
ions yell: "P-i-e!" At the last encamp
ment the wording was slightly changed,
as the food was not as good as that fur
nished by Abrahams. It was: "We want
pie! What do we get? Stew!"
Father Dempsey leads the boys In
CALIFORNIA BOY.
ARE DELAYED
Continued from First Page.
the recent American campaign against
Imus.
CORRESPONDENTS' ROUND
ROBIN TO BE IGNORED
The President May Merely Suggest
That the Censorship Be
Less Rigid.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— No imme
diate action will be taken by the Presi
dent in regard to the correspondents'
"round robin." This was the decision
reached at the Cabinet meeting to-day.
Privately it was intimated that the
President might give General Otis some
unofficial suggestions as to the desir
ability of a less rigid censorship of press
dispatches. His present purpose, how
ever, is to allow General Otis to deal
wi'h the situation as he sees fit. This
I prayer at the boathouse and says grace I
at the breakfast table. He is in splendid
health and is the most popular man in
camp.
Colonel Sullivan Is-drawing the lines of j
discipline closer around camp. He will
not tolerate tardiness or absence from
drill without cause or permission. Last
night about twenty young men who
missed dress parade were put at cleaning
the streets. Later in the evening the
guardhouse was filled with cadets who
broke the rules of the camp or came in '
after taps. This morning the lazy ones
who did not attend church services were!
placed in the guard tent and afterward
compelled. *o clean the streets. The camp
is takir.^f.m a very tidy appearance in
consequence.
The "Goo Goos" and the - "committee"
of Company I>. composed of F. S. Smith.
B. Foley; F. Sullivan. Sergeant McCarthy.
F. i ineta, J. Mohun and E. I >oolan, held
a private picnic in the powder mill's can
yon on Monday. The boys managed to
reach camp without being blown up by
powder. but wen "blown up" by their
captains for coming in late.
The "Dewey Heroes" claim they were at
the front and therefore deserve to be
treated like "Hobsons." When asked to»
relate a few of their experiences in Ma
nila the youngsters unblushingly explain
that they' were not in the Philippines but
on the water front.
The "four sports"— J. Walbey, L. T. :
Flynn, T. Connellan and T. F. Noble
lived up to their name last night and ;
were thrown into the guardhouse to re- |
pent. ; -
The guards were startled this morning
by a red flare In Company E's street. It j
seems that some mischievous members of ;
the latter company stole red fire out of one |
the tents and set it off. When the officer
of the guard arrived on the scene he found
the inmates of the tents in the vicinity
fast asleep and with angelic smiles on j
their countenances.
The "Owls" engaged "swell turnouts"
yesterday and went to Capitola Needless
to say, the handsome yoUng officers cap
tured all the pretty summer maidens at
the popular resort.
Sergeant Harry Owen's temperance lee- |
tures are becoming a feature of the camp. I
Each night the "Owls" congregate In his !
tent and listen to a discourse on the evils I
of drinking. The sergeant is a clever
mimic and takes off the various members
of the organization to perfection. Quar
termaster Sergeant "Brindle" McGinn and
Sergeant Major Dougherty occupy the
same tent and have been dubbed the "Hi
bernians."
Walter E.fDorn, president of the League |
of the Cross Cadets, arrived in camp yes- \
terday, armed with a camera and a de- I
termination to stay a week.
Dr. Sullivan has been administering all |
kinds of concoctions to the boys in camp. .
Some of the uncharitable among the lat- ;
ter heartily wish the doctor would take I
some of his own medicine.
According to "Jack" May, the Evils of ;
Company I cry for more pie and are at
outs with the cook. John Rodaman, Bob j
Smith and Joe Rlsaka are members of the |
Evils.
The "Jolly Quintet." alias the "Peanut
Tribe," composed of A. Zarate, E. Hll- i
lard. A. Rossi, a. F. McCarry and J. a.
Riddell. is enjoying life in Camp Fallon. ;
The tribe has decorated its tent and keeps
open house. Fair visitors are presented
with cards as souvenirs of their visit.
H. Fivaz. J. H. Buckley, J. King and H.
Ford are known as the "Four Stumps,"
and live in Hogan alley.
The "Coal Heavers" are a representa
tive body in camp. Corporals "Sprinter"
Gulnee and "Sharkey" Beasley and Pri
vates Dwyer and Foley are members of
that important organization. A lump of!
coal hanging from the ridge pole is their I
sign.
Companies H, M and R are going on a
ride to Capitola Wednesday. Lieutenants I
Keating and Flynn are great favorites I
with the boys.
There is a large attendance each morn- |
ing at ft:3o o'clock at the beach owing to J
the presence of the regimental band.
"Jack" Sullivan of Company H was one j
of the many who had to clean streets last
night. "Jack" avoided work by directing
the efforts of the other unfortunates.
The "Insane Asylum" tent in Bellevue j
was the advice given him by at least
two members of the Cabinet. In the
light of the latest advices from the
Philippines, the President believes the
situation has so much improved that
the complaints made by correspond
ents, however just at the time they were
submitted, do not now exist.
He Is still hoping that the optimistic
views held by the Government's repre
sentatives in Manila may soon be real
ized and he will thus avoid taking ac
tion in the present controversy. In
other words, he is pursuing the usual
drifting policy. Some officials do not
see how the President can avoid taking
a hand in the matter, and the predic
tion is made that Otis will order the
correspondents away from the Philip
pines and thus precipitate a situation
in which the Chief Executive must take
decisive action, even to the sending of
a new commanding general to the isl
ands. Those who do not entertain rose
colored views are impressing upon the
President the advantage, aside from
showing the country the desire of the
administration not to muzzle the press,
of designating an officer to have spe
cial charge of military operations. .'-VV
Senator Knute Nelson of Minnesota
voiced the sentiments of many public
men when he said to-day:
"There seems to be a strong feeling
THE SAN FE AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 19, 1899.
ARCHBISHOP
WELCOMED
BT CADETS
! avenue has the following inmates: C.
j Donovan, Harry Lawlor, Eddie Fitzger
ald. Tom Smith anil Jack Sullivan, all of
Company H. They are not dangerous.
The -"Pawnbrokers" are making money
at the sign of the three balls in the Boule
vard. B. P. Gleason, J. 11. Williams and
R. E. Gleason compose the firm. B. P.
Gleason. the senior partner, was arrested
and taken into pawn last night for stay
ing out after taps.
Company E has the second largest rep
resentation in camp. Among those here
are "The Helnecapoopilas." represented
At Camp Fallon by "Barber Pole" Kelly.
"More Pie" Gavin and "Less Work" Ga
ney. The "Twin Peak Demons" are in
Peachblow avenue. They are F. Mc-
Kenna. Jack Dillon, George Killelea, B.
Hervelky and Tom Kearns. They have
an elevator in their tent.
"Bum" Greicher, "Sleepy" Salter,
"Dreamy" Salter and "Big Foot" Fogarty
occupy the "giants' den." "Growler"
Snellman. "Icecream" Hurley and "Old
Man" O'Brien have been dubbed "The
Musical Three," because of their loud
snorting at night. The "Rough Riders"
are "Tar Drop" McKeowin, "Kangaroo"
Cannon, "Grabby" A. Granfield and
"Stumpy" J. Granfield.
Sergeant Hurley filed the following re
port for print: ;-;-y
While asleep and dreaming of the
ones he loves at home, William Spell
man, a member of the Pie Eater's
Club, which is composed of Sergeant
Hurey and Private O'Brien, was
blackened by his tentmates and made
to look like" a Filipino. His appear
ance caused so much excitement in
Company E's street that the corporal
of the guard put the painted; private
and half of his company in the guard
house/ and now Willie is trying to find
the man who played such a mean
trick on him, and he vows to have
vengeance.
"Sleepy Valley," in which the four pie
Bnatchers— Murphy, Nichol. McDevitt and
Hyde— located, is in a state of siege.
The quartet are afraid to leave their tent
for fear they will be lynched by mem
bers of Company M, who lost their pie.
Company X has named the street front
ing its tent Maher boulevard In honor of
Sergeant Maher of the First California
Volunteers, now in Manila. The banner
strung across the street is a very beauti
ful, one. ' : b '
The field and staff officers played a
game of baseball to-day. The game
proved extremely exciting. Errors were
numerous, and the score also. . - .•?
President Dorn of the League of the
"Cross Cadets is an expert swimmer, but
he has not imparted that fact to Captain
J F. Sullivan, and the latter has vol
unteered to teach him how to swim. The
first lesson is to be given to-morrow and
all those in the joke intend going to the
beach and watch the genial doctor in
struct his pupil.
Father Cullen of Sacred Heart Church
arrived in camp this afternoon. He was
escorted from the depot by a corps of
drummers and buglers and Company D.
During lunch the reverend gentleman was
cheered. Father Cullen is delighted to
be among the boys.
Captain T. J. Monohan was officer of the
day and Lieutenant G. 11. Sullivan officer
of the guard. Lieutenant Charles Adams
was supernumerary officer of the guard.
Shortly before noon the "Goo-goos"
burled one of their number with all mili
tary honors. The funeral cortege was
made up of two buglers, a snare drummer,
two bass drummers and ten soldiers at
tired In costumes of every description. A
litter, on which the very much alive
"corpse" was borne, completed the pro
cession. During the obsequies the
"corpse" amused itself, disturbing the
solemn ceremony by blowing a tinhorn.
It was prevailed upon to "play dead" for
a moment when taps was blown to the
accompaniment of the bass drums. Hav
ing buried their member, the muffled
drums rolled again and the happy "Goo
goos" moved over to the baseball diamond
and. under the direction of Sergeant Mc-
Carthy, the drummers and buglers seren
aded the players. '
The "Nifty Four" of Company H. repre
sentatives Of the Pickle tribe, are keeping
things alive ln 8010 court. Fred Scanlon,
Charley Downey. W. C. Brown and Jim
! Nagle are the "main guys."
among the people that General Otis has
not pushed the campaign in the Philip
pines as vigorously as should have been
done, and that it might be well for the
President to put another general in au
thority. I believe the people would like
to see General Miles sent to the Philip
pines and placed in command. There
is general confidence In his abilities as
soldier and campaigner. I do not know-
General Otis and personally have no
disposition to criticize him, but I think
I reflect the views of many in making
these statements. Out in the West —
and, for that matter, I think the same
feeling prevails all over the country —
the people are united in demanding that
Aguinaldo must be put down. We will
have to conquer the Filipinos before we
can do anything with them. The in
ception of all this trouble was in the
United _ States Senate. Delay in the
ratification of the treaty caused the
outbreak. If the treaty had been rati
fied promptly the Filipinos would have
realized that we were presenting a
united front and would have accepted
the benefits intended for them. The
only thing to do now is to whip them
into subjection, and the people would
like to see that done as soon as pos
sible." 7;b ?
LONDON, July 18.— afternoon
j newspapers of this city generally, in
DEMOCRATIC ROW
GROWING BITTER
National Committee Is
Drawn In.
— ♦ —
GAHAN WRITES A LETTER
WHY HE WILL NOT ATTEND THE
CHICAGO MEETING.
- — ♦
Indirectly Appeals to His Colleagues
to Assist in the Slap at the
Altgeld Wing' of His
Party.
m
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July IS.— The fight be
tween the regular Democratic organ
ization of Cook County and the State of !
Illinois, represented by Mayor Har
rison and National Committeeman
Gahan, on the one side, and the Altgeld
wing of the Democracy, which support- i
ed ex-Governor Altgeld as an inde
pendent candidate for Mayor at the I
last election, on the other, reached an !
acute stage to-day and threatens to in- I
volve the National Committee in spite j
of the strenuous attempts being made
to keep local quarrels out of the pro- j
ceedings at next Thursday's meeting of ;
the National Committee in this city. j
Hon. Thomas Gahan, National Com- ;
mitteeman from Illinois, in an open let- [
ter to-day to the leaders of the Altgeld
element of the party, gives his reasons !
for declining to attend the Auditorium j
meeting of Thursday night, and in- i
directly appeals to his colleagues of the j
National Committee to refrain from ;
attending the Altgeld meeting. In
terest is added to the occasion by the ;
report of Governor Altgeld's friends
that Bryan, some days ago. accepted j
the invitation to address the meeting.
The letter of National Committeeman j
Gahan follows in part:
CHICAGO, July 18.— The Committee on
Arrangements, Auditorium Meeting of
July 20— Gentlemen: 1 am just in receipt
of your letter of July 17. tendering me
box 31 for the Auditorium meeting of
July 20.
The published statements of the chair
man *>* your committee have made it man
ifest, that this invitation is not tendered
in good faith, and not one which any be
liever in the Integrity of Democratic or
ganizations could be expected to accept
and, ordinarily, a mere declination of the
box tendered me would suffice; but since
I am informed by the daily press that
' a large number of invitations have been
sen! By your committee to members of
the National Committee, I feel it my duty
i as a Democratic National Committeeman i
j from the State of Illinois to give you and i
the public the reasons which make it Im- ■
possible that I could accept this invita
tion without stultifying the Democratic j
party of the State of Illinois and com- i
mitting an injustice to the Democratic j
party of Chicago.
The membership of your committee on j
arrangements, in whose behalf this in- j
vitation is tendered me, shows that in its
personnel this committee is entirely com- |
posed of gentlemen who, in April last,
opposed the regular Democratic candidate
for Mayor and other charter officers of
the city of Chicago and did all in their
'■ power to bring about the defeat of the.
j regular Democratic ticket and the elec- |
' tion of the regular Republican ticket at
thai election. Strange as it may appear
to those from abroad an examination of
the members of the other committees ar
ranging the proposed meeting at the Au
ditorium shows that every member of the !
several auxiliary committees likewise, op
posed the regular Democratic ticket and ,
j Its nominees in the Chicago election of j
last April and likewise sought to defeat !
the regular Democratic ticket and elect i
the Republican ticket at that election.
I am a believer in the rule of majority— j
and when the Democratic party ceases to j
I believe in the rule of majorities it will ;
cease to be the party of the people. * * * ,
In the three years that it has been my
honor to represent the Democracy of Ill
inois on the national committee I have
1 considered it my duty to labor for party
harmony in the State of Illinois and for
the conciliation of all elements in order j
that we might in 1900 redeem Illinois to !
the Democracy by sending twenty votes
to the electoral college for William J. :
Bryan and sharing in the triumph of that j
platform of principles for which the Dem- ,
ocratic national committee so faithfully j
labored against overwhelming odds in the
dark days of 189«.
If I saw in your proposed meeting, or in
the membership of your several commit- i
tees, a single indication to a hope of party j
unity; if you had held out for a moment
the "hand of good-fellowship, if you had
for a moment in your asseverations of |
Democracy indicated that you would have j
accepted the olive branch on any condi
tion short of a surrender of party organi- I
zation and party principles to the whim I
and caprices and exactions of a hopeless I
minority, I would have been the first to
make an overture, in the belief that the
first duty of a committeeman is to har- !
monize the elements of his party. But
your action and your declarations, and I
the announcement of your present inten- I
tions, have proved that you are not an j
element of the Democratic party; that its !
constituent principles cannot survive in
your atmosphere, and that to accept your
dictation Is to surrender that fundamental
doctrine which finds. in the rule of a ma
jority the success of the Democratic party.
THOMAS GAHAN,
Democratic National Committeeman for
Illinois.
commenting on the protest of the
American correspondents In Manila
against the censorship, denounce the
American Philippine campaign as.it has
been managed by Secretary Alger and
Major General El well S. Otis. The St.
James Gazette says:
"The American people have been
hoodwinked by Its general and its ad
ministration, who have kept up a series
of suppressions of the truth and sug
gestions of the false of Russian in
genuity and thoroughness."
The Pall Mall Gazette says: "The cor
respondents have done their duty to the
public as journalists and gentlemen
should."
The Times in its leading editorial ar
ticle to-day says: "Alger has run the
War Office as a political machine. Mili
tary posts have been bestowed upon po
litical friends without regard to fitness
or the interests of the country. Dis
honesty and corruption have been ram
pant wherever there was public money
to be handled. American soldiers were ,
killed by thousands on American soil
by such agencies as embalmed beef and
scandalous neglect of elementary sani
tation. As the head is, so we expect
subordinates to be.. They were chosen
without regard to fitness, but with ev
ery regard to political service. Natur
ally they act as the politicians they are
rather than as soldiers and administra
tors, which they are not. The new im
perial policy of the United States is
now discredited by association with a
system of corruption. McKinley, for
some reason or other, is incapable of
ridding himself of the incubus of his
Secretary, who, evidently regarding
himself as having the President in his
pocket, serenely defies the public indig
nation that has been aroused by his
mismanagement."
AMERICAN PLEDGES
MADE AND BROKEN
MINNEAPOLIS, July 18.— The Times
to-morrow morning will publish an In
terview which took place on May 18 at
HANGED A BOY
IN HER YARD
Crime Charged to Widow
of Ex-Governor Ryer
son at Ensenada.
SAN' DIEGO. July ll— Advices received in this city to-day from Ense
nada state that the widow of the late ex-Governor Ryerson has been
arrested on the charge of murder and is now confined in the Lnsenaoa
jail. Her alleged victim was Jesus Gutierrez, a 10-year-old boy, wno
was found hanging to a tree this morning. The boy had been work
ing for Mrs. Ryerson. It is said that for some time past she has fre
quently beaten him for the sllghest cause. When the boy's body was dis
covered this morning life was extinct, and it was the opinion of doctors
that he had been hanging from the tree all night. Around the neck of the
boy was a dog collar, tp which was attached about forty feet of clothes
line. The line was thrown over the limb of the tree and the body drawn
up a short distance from the ground, but in such a position that the boy
could have stood on his feet if he had been conscious.
A post-mortem examination showed that the boy's neck was broken, but
there were no bruises on his body indicating that he was first killed and
that the dog collar had then been placed about his neck.
The preliminary examination th« afternoon revealed the fact that Mrs.
Ryerson had quarreled with the boy last night. Cries were heard in the di
rection of the Ryerson house, but the Ensenada people paid no attention to
them, thinking that it was the usual cry of the coast guard. Soon af ' er '
ward Mrs. Ryerson appeared on the street looking for the boy. She had
been drinking, it is claimed, and was somewhat the worse for mescal.
When arrested she stoutly affirmed her innocence and ignorance of the crime.
She was taken to the prison and under the Mexican law she will be held
incommunicado for seventy-two hours. It is impossible, therefore, to obtain
a statement from her.
Mrs. Ryerson's many friends in this city believe that she is innocent of
the crime, and that if/fche is given a fair trial she will be speedily cleared
of the charge. She Is known as a woman with a motherly affection Tor
children and the possessor of many noble qualities. Prior to her marriage
to the late ex-Governor Ryerson, which took place in Ensenada in 1854, Mrs.
Ryerson was Miss Guadalupe Serrona. She is about 60 years old. Her par
ents originally came from Sonora and settled in Lower California in 1851.
FIGHTING IN
SAMOA RENEWED
Continued from First Pa«a.
to-day at Lufl-Lufi meeting Mataafa
and Atua chiefs.
CHAMBERS CERTAIN
TO BE SET fISIDE
He May Be Given Another
Place if There Is a Va
cancy floywbere.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON* HOTEL, -WASHINGTON,
July 18.— It has been the general under
standing of State Department officials
for several weeks that Chief Justice
Chambers would resign his position at
Apia.
Because of the effect his presence in
Samoa might have upon the natives
the authorities prefer that Mr. Cham
bers should either return to the United
States or accept a transfer to some
other post, to which he will be ap
pointed if on his return a vacancy ex
ists. The President has been looking
for a suitable position, but, so far as
can be learned, no decision has been
reached. - _
MILLIONS- PAID IN CLAIMS.
Mutual Reserve Fund Life Associa
tion's Disbursements. .
NEW YORK, July During the past
sixty days the Mutual Reserve Fund Life
Association has paid to the beneficiaries
of its members over $600,000 in death
claims. Within the next sixty days the
association will pay an 1. even larger
amount to its policy holders making a
total payment in death claims during
eighteen "years of over $39,000,000.
San Isidro, Luzon, betweeen its special
correspondent, Martin Tew of the Thir
teenth Minnesota, detailed by General
Wheaton as brigade interpreter, and
Major Lorenzo L. Zialcita, leader of
Aguinaldo's cavalry and one of the Fili
pino commissioners who went to Gen
eral Otis with proposals for an armis
tice.
Major Zialcita denied emphatically
that Filipino officials had ordered the
burning of Manila and the wholesale
murder of Americans, and cited as
proof that many Filipino officers were
in Manila that night and were taken
prisoners. He said the proclamation of
General Otis, proclaiming himself Gov
ernor General, had greatly incensed the
Filipinos, but asserted that both the
Filipino leaders and the people believed
the Americans had begun the hostili
ties.
Major Zialcita, speaking of the re
puted promises of independence made
prior to the fall of Manila, when asked
by Mr. Tew if In their eagerness for in
dependence the Filipinos had not mis
understood or misconstrued the lan
guage of American officials and officers,
replied:
"There is not the slightest mistake
about this. Consul "Wlldman verbally
made this statement to us, and we had
so much confidence in the good inten
tions of the United States that to us It
meant as much as if it had been de
livered in writing.
"Besides, when we were in Cavite a
number of us had the honor of enter
taining General Anderson at the Atheo
Rlzal. This was before Manila was
taken by your forces. General Ander
son on this occasion made a speech in
which he said the Americans had not
come here for the purpose of taking one
foot of territory with the view of per
manent possession, but for the purpose
of giving the Filipinos their independ
ence.
"On September 21. last year, on the
occasion of a fiesta a number of Amer
ican officers celebrated with us at the
residence of Pedarno Pachao, and all
expressed the same sentiments. On
many different occasions we were told
by men high in authority that Filipino
independence would be recognized."
"What was the opinion of the Fili
pino leaders in regard to General Otis'
proclamation of January 4?"
"That ' proclamation," replied the
major, "was decidedly bad and greatly
incensed the people everywhere. It
stated nothing clearly and promised
nothing. It was. non-committal on all
points except that Otis declared himself
Governor General of the island and that
our country had been purchased from
Spain. The Filipino people desired in
dependence, not annexation."
On being asked if he really thought
the Filipino people were sufficiently ed
ucated to conduct affairs of local and
national self-government, the young
Filipino leader replied:
"Our people have always been misrep
resented, both by the local and foreign
| press. The friars are our worst ene- ]
! mies and have been active in this re
; gard, as they have always tried to hold
lus in subjection.- Educational affairs
j have heretofore been In their hands
! and it has served their purpose to pre
j vent the people becoming too wise.
I But even at this, the vast majority of j
the people can read and write."
Major Zialcita was told that many
people in the United States believed it
a sacred duty foi* the United States to
j take possession of and govern the Phil-
I ippines, inasmuch as the natives were
not capable of self-government. To this
he replied:
"This would have been a reasonable !
proposition if we had demonstrated, !
after a fair trial, that our government
was inadequate to protect life, prop
erty and personal rights. How could
we prove our fitness or unfitness for
self-government until we had been giv
en an opportunity to show* what we
could do?"
«
AGONCILLO DECLARES
AMERICANS ARE BEATEN
Says Filipinos Will Fight Until
Pledges Made by Dewey
Are Fulfilled.
.Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, July IS.— The Herald cor
respondent interviewed Senor Agoncillo
to-day on the present situation in the
Philippines. Agoncillo said:
"I have read the account in this morn
ing's Herald of the difficulties of the cor
respondents in Manila in getting their
news out of the country. I have known
of this for a long time. The Manila news
paper. La Oceana Espanola, was sup
pressed by the military authorities out
there because it expressed views con
trary to those of the commanding general.
"The Filipinos have still the same ideas
and ambitions they always had— namely,
independence, and they will always fight
for it. From our point of view the
Americans are really beaten, since' they
cannot hold their own, and it will be
necessary to have many more thousands
of men to conquer the islands.
"What is the result of the campaign?
Nothing, so far as the Americans are con- !
cerned. The condition of the country In
Luzon is what it was before the hostili
ties broke out with the Americans. It is :
mostly in the hands of the Filipinos, ex
cept that the Spanish hold the island of
Jolo. Those portions of the island of !
Luzon which were formerly occupied are '
now held by the Filipinos. Besides
Manila, the Americans hold only Iloilo,
Cebu and Bacolnr. But they do not hold
' the country adjacent to these towns, ex
cept in the case of Manila,"
"If the Americans are determined to
continue the war to the end what will be
the result?" I asked. ..
Agoncillo laughed as he replied:
"We shall continue to' flght all the same.
But, mark you. we hold you to your prom
ises. Admiral Dewey, the commander of
the Petrel, Consul General Wildman of
Hongkong, Consul General Pratt of Sing
apore and Consul General Williams of
Manila all promised us that If we aided
the Americans against the Spanish our j
independence would be assured. It is now
denied that this promise was made, but
President McKinley knows what the true
state of affairs was and what our aspira
tions were.
"True. Dewey vanquished the Spaniards
on the sea, but It. was owing to the Fili- •
pinos that the Spanish were subdued on ;
the land. Have the promises made to '
our people been fulfilled? .-' '-
"We desire peace, but peace obtained
with honor. That is the aspiration of our !
people."
WOULD THROW OFF THE
YOKE OF THE TAGALS
MANILA, July 18.— The natives of the
provinces of Albay, South Camarlnos and
North Camarlnos are endeavoring to
throw off the domination of the Tagals.
It Is reported that there has been" fight
ing between the people of the provinces
named and small bands of Tagals who
were quartered upon them, running the
local governments, and that the people in
question are willing to declare allegiance
to the United States when troops are sent
t» protect them.
CAPTIVE AMERICANS
BARBAROUSLY TREATED
The following letter from one of the
American prisoners in the hands of the
Filipinos, the only San Franciscan among i
those prisoners, tells its own touching
story:
SAN ISIDHO. May 1.-Prisoners from 1
Yorktown: J. C. Gilmore. I* S \" • U*
Wilson. C. O. M.; P. Van Dovll, S V M '
J. Ellsworth, cockswain: S. Edwards S*
D. S. ; S. Brisolose, O. G. ; A. Peterson/ap
prentice; F. Anderson, landsman, cap
tured at Berler. April 1; a. D Knee E
Honneyman, Nevada Cavalry, captured ;
January 30; A Bishop, Third Artillery,
£7£ 11 . l 2; _\-_ ""her, hospital corps, and J.
OBrien, civilian, January 27. We are ;
about to march to northward, where we
do not know. Up to Gllmore's arrival we
had been treated in the most barbarous
He Laughs Best
*_/
Who Laughs Last"
A hearty laugh indicates a degree of
good health obtainable through pure blood.
c4s but. one person in ten has pure blood,
the other rune should purify the blood
'with Hood's Sarsaparilla. Then they can
laugh first, last and all the time, for
3wcd2 SoUafomi^r
! manner-starved, beaten and bound. But
Sin?" the advance of the United Stan, s
' troops our treatment has been a trifle bet-
J. r "We have been living on o cents i
day and most of us are nearly nake ;.
The* Spaniard has been treated even wors«
than us being tortured in the stocks and
starved. Some hundreds are dying of
dysentery and other diseases, but whet! • i
: incapable or not the Government dues
nothing for these. If it had not been for
Senor Rowan Ray and his countrymen
we should possibly have starved to death
on the retreat Malolos ICHSBN .
Q. M-*. S. S. Zealandia.
Mrs. Peyton's Denial.
DENVER, Colo., July 18.— Mrs. Helen
M Peyton of this city to-day denied th.
renort which was telegraphed from Spo
kane Wash., that she had brought -sun
in Spokane against Colonel I. N. Peyton
for $500.000- y g __^____ - ___
PAIN IN BACK.
/ \ i^_^_mß_H_.
7>"Jvw \\\Wr t
Is positively and permanently relieved by th&
great Hudyan. There are several conditions
that create pain in small of back, but Hudyan
reaches all these conditions, which makes
'HUDYAN a specific tor" pain in back.
One of the first warnings of kidney disease Is
pain in the back (Fig. 6). Other symptoms are
Headache (Fig. 1). Pale or Sallow Complexion
• Fig. -). Coated Tongue and Clammy Mouth
(Fig. 3). Palpitation of the Heart (Fig. 4),
Impaired Digestion (Fig. 5). Again, we have
emaciation, weakness and excessive thirst.
HUDYAN reaches all these symptoms, it
goes to the bottom of the evil and exerts its
curative influence there.
HUDYAN reaches Fis. 1 because it relieves
the pressure of blood in brain — Fig. . because
it enriches the blood in red blood-cells— Fig. 3
because it corrects all faults of digestion— Fig.
4 because It quiets the nerves that control the
action of heart— Fig. 5 because it acts upon the
little glands that "furnish the digestive fluids-
Fig. 6 because it allays the inflammation of
kidneys.
Hudyan cures all
▼ ■"■ weakness of kidneys.
I MEN AND Hudyan strengthens
I WOMEN these organs and
• Anvi<_pn stimulates them to
frfp perfect activity. Hud-
/-%_,, " \ji/_.i«._» >' in reconstructs the
I Call or Write. broken-down kidney
■♦• ♦* structure. Hudyan
cures are permanent.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists— soc a pack-
age, or six packages for J- 60.
]• your druggist does not keep Hudyan. send
direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co.. cor. Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market sts., San Francisco, a;.
You May Consult the TTud yan Doc-
tors About Your Case Free of Charge.
Call or Write.
A LOVING, DAINTY WIFE
!
j Likes to see her husband arrayed In
immaculate linen. We can cite many
cases of where wives insist on sending
1 their linen to our laundry, and ladies
are good judges of how laundry work
should be done and know a good thing
when they see it.
No saw edges.
The United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
_<ys^_ rnoTOGEAmro HE 8 P__RB pi n JJ /&\
(via fispfe,™ 0 "" 1 *- VITAUS
S?TE&t?I/*--fc THE NEW
tartar ioth Day. -is-^L if rnEfsUnii
VITAUS 20thCay * *- -M REMEDY
PRODI-C_HT_nt ABUVK 30th Day. II £.1.1 Cl* I1 1
HKSILT6. ltrjr.;ckl> * «ur_lT. -moves Nsrvousness. impotency,
Rightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all eff*cu
of self -abuse or excess an.l indiscretion. Restore* Lest Vitality
Power and Failing iltiaory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
Men. Cures when all other* fall. Insist on having VITAI.IS
no other. Lan be earne-l in the vest pocket. By mail *1 OO
per package oi*ix for .:..«n with a guarantee to Cure or
Kefiind the Money. Circular Free Address
"CALCMET CUKE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Cl_le»S«
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 3aldwln Fbarmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Crant Drue Co., In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. '
n^^Wl, ELECTRIC BELTS.
yJ^St^i^v^T^i^^^ Prices from J3 50 to
(t^'^\^^\,- / " x '\ y%<&)i * 25 - Largest manu-
B&,^*\ '[f * x 'ffS__M facturers ln the Unl-
__-g_>B__W___r ted States. No Quack*
7S*!ay^lw^!^ij^£jEg^ connected with this
0 PSfsy^Mly^y^r^^ establishment.
—^gTY_- A IC?" For particulars
*ah=i call or send 2c la
yyfv. stamps for "Booklet
- No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIO CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
rCMcT*est«r*f» English Diamond Brsn&
ENNYROYAL PELLS
_*•*. Orbrlnal and Only Geoalne_ A
j- /*♦_• "S sarc, always reliable, nous •** fl\
_£ ♦( KSa l:ru„-gii« tcr' Chichester . English /* 'J-JW^^
£JA{A&OgQf£\mcnlllraTi.ii- Ked and Gold __-.a'.:i_\\HF
'^ggjhoTea. sealed with bluo ribbon. Take VST
T*S fei v'jno other. Refuse dangerous aiio_t*'ru- V
1^ "=•"" fjf t'unsani imitati. ns. At l)rnggi_t». or eeid 4a.
I L W In rtaaps tx p irticulars. testimonials an]
I «9* __S " Kellof for Ladle*," in. letter, by return
_V __T Mall. lO.OOOTeetlmonials. Ifaoe Paper.
r OMofa cater C2ie___loal Co., M nUjtOSi *•<}■»«•».
_)_)__ fey kU I-oc-J uroggista. I'll ! !..V»A~ ¥&
IMtnV. i lost VIGOR.
■■ AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effects of self-abuse, Or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
Brings the pink glow to pale '-hecks and rf
stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
box. 6 boxes for $2.50; with a writtea
guarantee to cure or refund the money. ' ; •■ •
B<rpita medical Go., CHnton « s«cfeson st*., Chlwaj.
E. 1.. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. S Market. S. F.
1 A PERMANENT CURE \
I A PERMANENT CURE f
J » of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
,J and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
i I days; no other treatment required. S
1 1 ■ Sold by all druggists.- -*.• yf: .5
lA/. X. HESS,
ITOTABi* PDBUO AND ATTORNEY-Ar LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldsr.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell
San Francisco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
, *■*• m deled and reno' ated. KING,. WARD &
CO. European , plan. ■ Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
to to M weak; $_ to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
( room; elevator runs all night.LADEN WITH GOLD
FROM THE YUKON
.TEAMED GARONNE
BRINGS TREASURE
Million and a Half in
Dawson Dust.
— —
CARRIES MANY PASSENGERS
— ■♦ —
ZX-GOVEENOR McGRAW ONE OF
THE LUCKIEST.
- — ♦
Report of the Drowning of Twelve
Persons of a Party of Thirteen
Comes From Kotzebue
Sound.
* ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July IS.—
The steamer Garonne arrived to
night from St. Michael with 550
passengers and about one and a
half million dollars' worth of gold
dust. Between three-quarters of a
million and one million belongs to
the Canadian Hank of Commerce.
The largest individual.: amount is
that of T. S. Lippy of Seattle, who
is credited with bringing about
$300,000 from his claim on El Dorado
Creek.
HEALY. St. Michael Island. July 3
(via Vancouver. B. C, July 181,— The
steamers Roanoke and Garonne
have sailed from here with the
first big Installment of this season's out
put of gold from the Klondike. The
former has aboard nearly $3,000,000 in dust
end a quarter of a million in drafts. The
principal portion of the dust belongs to
the North American Trading and Trans
portation Company, the Canadian Bank of
Commerce and the Bank of British North
America. An employe of the bank and a
sergeant of the mounted police accompany
the shipment. The dust belonging to the
banks is consigned to the United States
Assay Office at Seattle.
There is probably $1,300,000 on the
Garonne, the principal portion of which
belongs to the Canadian Bank of Com
merce, T. S. Lippy and ex-Governor John
H. MeGraw, both of Seattle. Among the
passengers on the Roanoke and Garonne
are many who possess small amounts of
dust ranging from $2i_»jo to $20,000.
The Alliance and Laurada. which have
already sailed, had a number of passen
gers from Dawson, with more or less
dust. The Portia) belonging to the
Alaska Commercial Company, got away
yesterday for San Francisco with all the
passengers she could carry and about
$1,000-000 in dust belonging to the com
pany. Many small holders are aboard the
Portland.
An unconfirmed report of the perishing
cf twelve members of a party of thirteen
which left Seal last spring In a small
schooner in Kotzebu* Sound was brought
down. The party was headed by a Cap- j
tain • •:.:.. His wife was the only sur
vivor.
A miner w.med Black was robbed of a
tack containing several thousand dollars'
worth of gold dust while coming down on
the Garonne. i
Late reports from Cape Nome, brought !
over by passengers on the steamer Dis- '
covery, are that the properties on which j
work is being done are richer than was i
anticipated. Lindl m. Bryntezen and
Lunderberg. the discoverers, are said to
have taken more than $2000 out of one or
their claims on Snow Gulch in one day
last week.
G. W. Price and G. Simpson, of Seattle,
bought a two-thirds interest in ten claims
located in the district by Harry Camp
bell for $7000. This is the largest amount
paid as yet for claims in the new dis
trict. Mr. Price says these ten claims
should produce this year close to $100,000.
The detail of troops under command of
Lieutenant Spaulding. sent over last week
by Captain Walker, has had plenty of
work to do since its arrival. For several
days previous to the soldiers' appearance
on" the scene there was a great leal of
town lot imping, but Lieutenant Spauld
ing quickly put a stop to it by informing
the offenders bat they must cease such
practices, on penalty of arrest.
The steam schooner Albion, which ar
rived off Anvil City several days ago. is
s.ill there, having been abandoned by her
crew, which had been stricken with the
gold fever. Other vessels have had simi
lar experiences. The Bertha, belonging to
the Alaska Commercial Company, was
abandoned by the majority of her crew
several days ago. and it was only after
a great effort on the part of her officers
that enough men were secured to bring
her to St. Michael. Within a month, it is
estimated, there will be 50,000 people in
the camp.
NEARLY A MILLION
PAID IN ROYALTIES
SKAGUAY (Alaska), July 14, via
Vancouver, B. C, July 18.— J. E. Ger
ouard, a member of the Yukon Council
of Administration, arrived here to-day
from Dawson on his way to Ottawa
with an official report to be laid before
the cabinet officials.
Concerning royalties, he said that
when he left Dawson the report for the
' month of June had not been completed,
but enough returns had been made to
state that the royalties for this season
would run over (800,000. The total out
put for the season he estimated at $20.
--000,000 and the discrepancy of the roy
alty as against this total output he ex
plained on the ground that the royal
ties had been diminished because it was
now only levied on over $5000 instead of
over $2000 and that the output of claims
which would thus escape the royalty
tax amounted to a large sum.
Commissioner 1 lerouard remarked
that tie administration had expended
f 525,000 on Improvements in the city;
$80,000 on hospitals, and in addition had
worked all the prisoners on what may
be termed city improvements.
Charles Anderson stands at the head
of royalty payers, having handed over
to the Government (44,000. He has
claims on El Dorado and also on Do
minion. Professor Lippy of No. 13. El
Dorado, ls a good second. Hall and
- Picotte of No. 17 El Dorado paid a trifle
over $30,000 in royalties, and Stanley &
"Wardner of Seattle, from No. 25 and 26
El Dorado, paid the royalty on $235,000
of gold dust. El Dorado is. therefore,
this season by far the heaviest pro
ducer.
KILLED THEIR DOGS TO
ESCAPE STARVATION
SEATTLE, July 18.— J. J. Hollister, a
civil engineer of Santa Barbara, Cal., who
arrived here last night on the steamer
Roanoke from St. Michael, Alaska, tells
of the narrow escape of a party of Kot
zebu*- Sound prospectors who started
overland this spring to Cape Nome. lie
gives only the following names of the
party of which he was a member and
which was composed of twenty-four men:
Dr. Gale of Oakland. Dr. Glearas of |_k»
Angeles, A. A. Eubanks of Portland, Otto
Myers of San Francisco. J. V. Baird of
Oakland.
The party got lost, ran out of food and
was forced to kill and eat sixteen of its
dogs. At the headwaters of Fish River
the gold seekers constructed boats and
rafts and floated down to Golovln Bay.
A letter from St. Michael announces thd
MAP OF THE CAPE NOME DIGGINGS.
arrival at Cape Nome of J. D. Tallant,
the San Francisco banker* and George
Warren of San Rafael. They made the
trip overland from Kotzebue Sound. It
was reported several weeks ago that Tal
lant had died while making the trip.
KLONDIKE GOLD AND
NEWS FROM CAPE NOME
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Portland arrived from St. Mi
chael yesterday morning with 126 passen
gers and a million in treasure. Of this
vast sum fully one-half belonged to S.
Stanley. C. Warden, Mike McGowan,
Thomas Connor and Hugh McGinley.
They brought their wealth down in seven
small boxes and a large one, which Stan
ley valued at $150,000. Warden went into
the Klondike In 18S7 and this is his first
return to civilization. Quite a number of
women came down in the Portland.
Th.- new fields at Cape Nome are very
rich, according to the statements of some
of th people at St. Michael. James M.
Wilson, superintendent of the Alaska
Commercial Company, writing upon the
subject, says:
"The first discovery of gold was
made in September, 1898, and good
prospects were made in October and
early In November. me instance that
has "been rifled is where a few men
with two gold pans and two rockers
prospected Anvil and Snow creeks
and in thirty-six hours cleaned. up
$171" net. At the present time almost
all the good claims within a distance
! of twenty miles of the coast have been
taken up". No work other than that on
the surface has been accomplished
owing to he presence of ice. The
ground and all creeks are frozen now,
but will thaw possibly within this
month. . , .
"Only a few inches of ground have
been scraped, but the product has
been very rich. A Mr. Price took from
claim No. 7 on Anvil Creek in a few
.lavs $10 000 from the surface. Equally
large amounts have been taken from
Snow Dry, Dexter and Glacier creeks
and some others show excellent pros
pects. The output of gold this season
will be limited.
"I enclose as accurate a sketch or
the district as I can obtain, hut I do
not think the distance from the head
waters of the creeks to the in et of
Clarence Bay is as close as Indicated
In the sketch."
The Mr Price mentioned is "Gabe"
Price a brother-in-law of C. D. Lane, the
millionaire mine owner. Price evidently
wrote to Lane, for the latter purchased
the schooner Vega and steamer Townsend
and built the launch Goslin. The Vega he
loaded with 2SO tons of coal and a big
lot of lumber and the Townsend took sup
plies The schooner is now at St. Michael
awaiting the Townsend. Lane is on the
latter vessel and when she arrives at &t.
Michael will tow the Vega to Cape Nome.
The Portland is going hack to St. Mi
chael and Cape Nome just as quickly as
she an be discharged and loaded. it
nothing unusual happens she should get
away next Saturday afternoon or Sun
day morning. _.«.•_■____ .
One of the passengers on the Portland
says the Cape Nome diggings are a fake.
"The 51 000 which was supposed to have
been taken out at Cape Nome by two
men ' said he, "was packed Into tie- dis
trict by people interested in selling claims.
There have been no discoveries worth
mentioning at the Cape. It is barely pos
sible that gold may be found there, but
these pockets are so scarce that the dis
covery of them can enrich only a few
men." _______ —-
LEAGUERS ARRIVE
IN INDIANAPOLIS
Preparing for the International Con
vention, Which Opens
To-Morrow.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., July IS.— The
Fourth International Convention of the
Epworth League will begin at 2:30 o'clock
Thursday afternoon and close Sunday
. night. There are over 100 addresses on
the programme. Meetings will be held
simultaneously at English's Opera-house.
Tomlinson Hall and at a big tent capable
of seating 7500 people.
The vanguard of the Leaguers arrived
this afternoon, when two delegations
came from California— one delegation of
ten from Los Angeles and another of
about th.- same number from San t ran
cisco These delegations represent two
factions that are contending for the meet
ing place in 1901. The San francisco del
egates at once opened headquarters oppo
site the tent and started the boom for
San Francisco. v«' 7 ,
Cnder the plan of rotation, which Is the
unwritten law of the league, the next
convention belongs to the league of the
Methodist church South. The Los An
geles delegates are urging the selection of
that city on the sentimental ground that
it was in Trinity Church, Los Angeles,
that the league of the church South had
its birth. m
A WARM WAVE
STRIKES THE STATE
Thermometer Reached 107 at Milton
and 105 at Stockton.
STOCKTON, July 18.— This was the hot
test day of the year in Stockton, the offi
cial report showing the temperature at 106
at 2 o'clock this afternoon. Toward even
ing" the ocean breezes came in and the
nieht Is cool and pleasant.
MILTON, July IS.— The thermometer to
day broke the season's record In tne mark
it reached at 2 p. m. It stood at 107 deg.
and the heat was so Intense that the men
and stock engaged In the work of harvest
ing suffered from Its effects, although no
prostrations have been reported. This ls
the second day of the heated spell, which
does not usually extend over a greater
period than three days at a time.
NO GREAT REDUCTIONS.
Woodland Supervisors Sit as Board j
of Equalization.
WOODLAND, July IS.— When the Board j
of Supervisors began sitting as a board j
of equalization it was given out that the
assessment on farming land would be re
duced by more than $1,000,000.
The board has now been In session
about a week. The reductions have been
few and unimportant, while the assess
ment en a great many tracts of farming
land has been increased. The board has
asked and been grant*-*! an extension of j
time in which to complete Its work, and '
It Is said that big horizontal reductions on
large tracts of farming land will yet be
made. It has been many years since the
work of the Assessor was shaken up as
it has been this year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 19, 1899.
DOOLOTTLE`S TALE
IS CONFIRMED
Arrival of His Wife in
Covelo.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, July IS.— There is scarcely
a story of the old Scotch border raids
which eclipses in intrigue and cowardly j
cruelty the confirmation of the Doolittle j
compulsory retraction tale told by Mrs.
Doolittle. wife of the victim, who came
into Covelo to-day and was interviewed
regarding the retraction story brought
in by Mr. Zaccarini yesterday. She con- j
firmed the report in all its leading feat- j
ures, the essential difference being that
J. M. Brophy represented himself as a
United States marshal and placed her
husband under arrest and took him
straight to Blocksburg, in Humboldt I
County.
When the party arrived at Blocksburg I
a notary public was not to be found,,
and some little delay was occasioned
there. Justice of the Peace Jamisen
was requested to take the affidavit of
retraction. During the time it required ,
in preparing the documents Doollttle j
gave the entire posse the slip, losing his
horse and taking to the mountains !
afoot. He was overtaken a few miles j
from his. home, when the occurrence
previously reported was enacted. Doo- !
little, after making his second escape,
went directly to the home of Hiram
Wilbur who accompanied him to
Weaverville. When they arrived at ;
Hay Fork he telephoned to Sheriff Ber
gen, who immediately set out to meet i
him on the way. In company of the j
Sheriff they returned to Weaverville,
where a telephone message awaited the
Sheriff from Hay Fork, inquiring if
Frank Doolittle was in Weaverville.
The Sheriff replied that he was not.
The circumstance is evident that Bro
phy and his gang were on a hot trail in
pursuit of Doolittle.
Sheriff Bergen returned with Doolit
tle, but has not yet made any arrests.
Mrs. Doolittle returned to her Red
Mountain home this morning. When
asked If she was not alarmed she re
plied: "Not for myself, but I expect at
any moment to hear tl\at my husband
has been killed by some of his enemies."
J. M. Brophy is an assumed name,
some claiming that he is a detective
working in the interest of Joe Gregory,
others that he is a renegade in search
of notoriety. He has but one arm. but
has the powerful build of an athlete.
Mrs. Doolittle connects John Vinton,
Buck Laycock and Thomas Hayden and
Frank Russell, a red-haired man, pro
fessing to be a doctor, and parties un
known to her, as part of the Brophy
posse. The first three are under indict
ment for murder in Trinity County in
connection with the Littlefield lynching.
Every one expects some unusual devel
opments at any moment, especially
when Sheriff Bergen arrives.
DOUBLE TRACK ON THE
OMAHA-OGDEN LINE
First Section Will Be Laid at Once
Between Denver and
Laramie.
DENVER. July 18.— A special to the Re
publican from Cheyenne, Wyo.. says:
From a reliable source it is learned that
the Union Paciflc has decided to make its
Omaha-Ogden line a double track road
to meet the demands of business.
The first section of additional track is
to be built between this city and Laramie
over the Sherman Mountain, a distance
of fifty-six miles. The road is already
using the most powerful locomotives so
as to handle as much business as possi
ble with each train.
CAUSE OF DEATH
A KISSING BUG
Statement in a Certificate Re
cording the Demise of a
Chicago Woman.
CHICAGO, July 18.— Officials at the Health Department to-day re
ceived a death certificate bearing the name "Mary Steger," which read:
"Chief and determining cause of death the sting of a kissing bug;
consecutive and contributory, tonsilltis."
It was the first time in the history of medicine that the kissing bug
had been given place on a death certificate, and the document was re
turned to Dr. George M. Illingworth, whose name was signed upon it.
Dr. Illingworth was ordered to take the story of the kissing bug to the
Coroner.
"When the ' Coroner was informed of the strange cause of Mrs. Steger's
death Dr. Springer was detailed to make an examination. Upon the ar
rival of the Coroner's physician at the undertaking rooms he found the
condition of the body, owing to the use of embalming fluid, was such
that he could not definitely determine the cause of death. The face was
badly swollen, and the body showed all the usual signs of blood poisoning.
Plainly Mrs. Steger had been bitten by something. There was a small
abrasion on the upper lip.
Dr. Illingworth, who attended the examination conducted by Dr.
Springer, stood stoutly by the theory that Mrs. Steger died from the ef
fects of the sting of a kissing bug.
"Mrs. Steger was stung six days before her death," said the doctor.
"She distinctly remembered having been stung, but did not succeed in
capturing the bug. The sting was on the upper lip. and the mark was
plainly perceptible, even before the face swelled. Mrs. Steger had been
suffering for a long time from tonsilitis, and I think the swelling may
have spread into the tonsils and thus helped to cause death. But there
is no doubt in my mind that the woman died primarily from the sting of
a kissing bug." 'frf'f -
CRIME AND
THE KISSES
OF HOBSON
Lombroso Takes a Pessim
istic View of This Latest
Phenomenon.
TALKS oT LIBERTY
— • —
Our People Carried Away by
Military Ardor in the
Philippines.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, July 18.— Lombroso, the
Italian criminologist and alienist, has
contributed an article entitled "An Epi
demic of Kisses in America" to the
forthcoming August number of the Pail
Mall Magazine. To Lieutenant Hobson
the learned professor ascribes the in
ception of this epidemic, and he finds
that this sudden ebullition of kisses in
America is so strikingly phenomenal as
to call for some examination from a
pathological standpoint.
The professor starts out with a mis
statement of fact, inasmucli as Hob
son's first experience with kissing in
public did not take place at Vassar Col
lege, as the professor asserts, but at
Long Beach.
Again, the professor seems to have
taken too seriously the exaggerated re
ports of Hobson's kissing bees, as wit
ness his opening statement:
"The doughty deed of Lieutenant
Hobson, who scuttled the Merrimac in
Santiago Harbor and freely risked his
life in the bold project of locking the
Spaniards in their own port, is fresh in
the memory of all. We are told that
when, after the war, the gallant sailor
gave an account of his exploit at Vas
sar College, a lady who was at his lec
ture expressed a wish to kiss the hero,
and her example was followed by all
the ladies present.
"Hobson subsequently lectured in all
the leading cities of the United States,
and in the course of his tour he was
kissed by- no less than 10,000 women.
Now, when we consider the reserve of
the Anglo-Saxon race in expressing its
enthusiasm; when we consider the
modesty of its women, and when, above
all, we consider the self-possession and
hardheadedness of th*- American citi
zen, this phenomenon appears so strik
ing as to call for some explanation from
a pathological standpoint.
"In the case of Hobson's 10,000 kisses,
the strangeness and unconventionally
of which were heightened by their pub
licity, the most striking fact is that he
was addressing a crowd of especially
elite persons. A crowd is a domain
in which microbes of evil develop more
rapidly than microbes of good, because
the good elements of the individual are
eliminated by numbers or by the pres
ence of even a single morbid element.
The disturbances arise mainly from the
stronger influence which a few de
praved persons in a crowd exercise
upon it, for, being of an active nature,
they oversway the virtuous, who are by
nature more passive.
"This baleful influence is yet more
marked in a crowd of women, partly
because it includes a larger proportion
of hysterical persons who give and re
ceive suggestion more readily than oth
ers, and partly because, aside from
their hysterical tendencies, women are
more open to suggestion, more inclined
to run to extremes than men. In a
highly cultured race, in a crowd where
women preponderated and under condi
tions of most justifiable enthusiasm the
outcome, at best no crime, was never
theless a breach of social decorum, a
violation of that sense of modesty
which is so keen in the Anglo-Saxon,
for whom the price of a stolen kiss may
amount to a heavy fine.
"A subsidiary cause of this breach of
decorum may have been that sort of
imperlalistlco-military ardor kindled
in the United States by the infamies ct
Spain, with its absurd and impolitic re
suit of the conquest of the Philippines,
so contrary to American feeling and
tradition."
Concluding, Professor Lombroso says:
"Few men are so worthy of admiration
and enthusiasm as Hobson, whose Mer
rimac exploit is one of the bravest
deeds of our time, and an account of
it given by the hero himself was bound
to foment the enthusiasm of his hear
ers, who felt as though they had act
ually been present. Under these circum
stances the kissing phenomenon loses
much of its pathological aspect, more
especially as women are always warm
admirers of military valor. The very
prosaism which permeates our times,
especially in America, makes these ex
ceptional deeds the more provocative
of admiration and enthusiasm. It would
augur well for the glory of the great
republic on which, at this time, the
gaze of the whole liberal world is fixed,
if in the flush of victory the military
ardor of your American cousin had re
stricted itself to this single act. It
would augur well if. having set one
people free, they had refrained from
girding on the sword to force another
into slavery."
■-- y- . y-y-y-
AUTOMOBILE LOSES
ONE OF ITS WHEELS
SLIGHT ACCIDENT
CAUSES A DELAY
Vehicle Will Soon Be
Repaired.
• — —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miles.
The day's run. ... 42
Total distance covered. . 259
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
LITTLE FALLS, X. V., July
18. — Pioneers in all things
have their troubles and dif
ficulties to surmount. We are
having ours. There have been
many little annoyances due to a
new motor, but nothing that has
stopped us until to-day, when our
right rear wheel gave way. letting
us down most gracefully to the
saluting curb. I felt the snags of
the rim. and at once shut down
the motor and avoided breaking
an axle, as might easily have been
done.
Mrs. Davis, warned by the
throng on the sidewalk which
saw the bulging spokes, sprang
out and was on the ground be
fore the carriage ceased running.
She took the affair coolly, and
was disappointed that a delay
must of necessity ensue. An ex
tra wheel had been ordered for us
at Utica, and the express com
pany was asked if one was there.
The answer was ''Yes/ and by
the first train came a bicycle
wheel ordered sent there for my
man. The carriage wheel had not
FAMILIES AT WAR
IN SAN RAFAEL
Three Armed Men Guard
a House.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 18.— An accusation
of attempted arson made by a hysterical
woman has thrown the neighborhood of
Fifth and Grand avenues Into a state of
siege and three angry men, armed with
revolvers, are uttering threats of such
a nature that none of the women living
in the vicinity dare to show themselves
on the street for fear of being hit by a
bullet during a fusillade. Late this even
ing the situation became so serious that
when Marshal Healy learned that City
Assessor W. F. Dougherty and son had
tried to draw a brother of County Assess
or Ira Parks into the street from his resi
dence and that Parks* wife had fainted
from fright he sent Constable Lewis
Hughes to the scene to take any neces
sary steps to prevent bloodshed.
Dougherty and Sylvester Parks live side
by side and for over a year have been on
unfriendly terms. Yesterday a shed in
the rear of the City Assessor's house was
set on lire by his little boy, Sherman,
while the lad was trying to destroy ver
min. The damage was nominal, but Mrs.
Parks declared on the street to-day that
this was the second time the property
had caught fire in a year. She said that
Dougherty was trying to burn his prop
erty to get the insurance and she lived
in fear that her own property would be
destroyed. The first fire occurred a year
ago and was the result of the same child
playing with matches. When Dougherty
heard of the declaration to-day his anger
led him to drink, in consequence of which
he and his son William armed themselves
and dared Parks to com.- outside. The
latter refused the invitation and warned
the two that any attempt to enter would
mean death. The news of the disturbance
was soon carried around the neighborhood
and dcors were bolted, while the occu
pants got out of harm's way.
Both the principals make strong charges
against each other and freely admit that
they are armed for "business." At a late
hour this evening all was quiet, but Night
Watchmen O'Brien and Miller are on the
alert to prevent a collision. Owing to the
prominence of the principals to the affair
and a hope that the men can be kept
apart until their better Judgment pre
vails no arrests have been made.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spanish - American
War Panorama
Is one of the war books which is likely
to be in continuous demand. It is a
panoramic record of the triumphs of
Yankee Doodle. The eagle flaps his
wings on every* page, and "Old Glory"
waves around and above every scene.
Prominent officers connected with the
war are here portrayed, as well as
many of the "men behind the guns."
Military* life is pictured to the eye, from
recruiting to guard mount and skirmish
line. Nor is the ludicrous omitted. The
company cook receives the attention
due to his importance; the mess- is
shown; cavalry scenes are given; the
hospital arrangements are depicted; the
heroines of the' Red Cross service are
displayed; street scenes in Havana,
Santiago and elsewhere are unrolled,
the new citizens or subjects (which are
they?) of Uncle Sam appear and dis-
appear as the leaves are turned.
In a word, the gazer visits the new-
localities and sees the tumultuous new i
life, without the risk or expense of a
sea voyage.
The Album is 5%xS inches, weighs 12
ounces, printed on finest coated paper.
Sent FREE to any address in the
United States, Canada or Mexico for
12 cents in stamps or coin to cover post-
age and packing. Copy may be seen at
any ticket offlce of the Big Four Route.
Order at once, as the edition is limited.
Address WARREN J. LYNCH, Gen-
eral Passenger and Ticket Agent "Big
Four Route." Cincinnati, Ohio.
l Mark envelope "War Album." ' ..; J
arrived and new ones were or
dered by wire from the factor}* at
Stamford.
Examination of the wheel
broken shows a flaw in the rim.
There was nothing in the road
way to make it snap, for at the
point where' the accident oc
curred the street is comparatively
smooth. We borrowed an old
wooden wheel, and with it we ran
up to a stable and housed the
motor, expecting it to remain
there for two days.
The luck from rubbing the
hump of a humpback was broken
this morning when we ate break
fast at Fonda with a cross-eyed
woman for hostess. I am. now
looking for another hump.
Though we are delayed I still
expect to make San Francisco in
forty-five days.
CROWDS SEE THE
AUTOMOBILE PASS
UTICA. N. T., July IS.— and Mrs.
John D. Davis arrived in this city at *5
o'clock to-night, but not with their
automobile, which was left for repairs
in Little Falls, where a rear wheel was
"Water Is Scarce.
SALINAS, July 18.— water supply
of Hollister Valley as well as In the
mountains is Retting- extremely low. In
many Instances pipes are being lowered
in wells which have never been known be
fore to be affected by a dry year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jiiuumi uw—^^fmm W<l|l ■[ .. " M _trTffi'" i """' , *'-"' J,^''''''"' llM " l ™" ! " ,ilß^
— " ./^ , kUl^^__^ t^^_^_-, c ,' '',„" , f ■"■■ x •'•■'■••-■.'■" --'.v.- ■-.--■:■''■■■■.•:■ -yy
Here's a lesson ■ V-flj
in economy; jjjji 1 p
guarantee insures this: l^^<^^£S^^j§i§a
Money returned if you want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
As a matter of comparison, did you ever buy clothes and
get such a liberal privilege As far as we know, we are the
only clothiers on this coast giving customers such a guarantee.
The suits come in dark and light patterns, all sizes; single
or double breast.
Middy Suits.
Boys' Middy Suits, ages 3 to 8, all-wool material, trimmed
with soutache;. 8 patterns; colors navy blue and brown and
gray in checks- and plaids $ 1 65
Navy-blue Overalls for girls' wear 40c
Outing Suits for boys from 3 to 10 years 80C
:;.-.* 7 ;-*--'. -7 yry~r.yy.ryy. •■■ yyyyy-^y 'y-fy.: yf.-y.:. ~ ":_ "-£ -:,yr~- yyr. ,777.;.7 ,
gaas;N.woo.p & co mm
\J*Htisy TIB MARKET ST.. Nj^to^
*
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
FAST TIME OVER
EXECRABLE ROADS
Populace Turns Out to
See the Motor.
——
broken while the machine was descend
ing a steep grade on the outskirts of
the village. Mr. Davis telegraphed for
a new wheel to Stamford, Conn., after
which he came to Utica by rail.
Mr. Davis said the roads so far had
been horrible. Continued rains in Cen
tral New York for the last week have
in several places entirely washed out
the roadbeds. In many places no effort
has been made by the authorities to re
pair them.
Where the roads were entirely wash
ed away large building stones were
thrown in to help fill up holes, and yet
over these roads the automobile pro
ceeded where an ordinary road wagon
would have found it impossible to pro
ceed. West of Little Falls are steep
hills, where the highway commission
ers made temporary landing places for
horses. Had the weather been dry Mr.
Davis feels confident he would have ar
rived in this city yesterday afternoon.
The enthusiasm of residents of vil
lages all along the route has been in
tense. Crowds have waited for hours
where the automobile was expected.
The occupants of the horseless car
riage have had escorts of men and
women for miles into the open country,
so great has been the interest in the
transcontinental tour.
The new wheel is expected late to
morrow afternoon in Little Falls. It
will take two hours to adjust it. when
the machine will be brought here and
Mr. Davis will immediately start west
ward, intending to reach Buffalo by-
Saturday. In this city streets through
which the automobile was expected to
pass were filled with citizens anxious to
see it.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis left Amsterdam
at 6 o'clock this morning. They found
the roads very poor, but made the run
of ten miles to Fonda in an hour. They
breakfasted in Fonda and left at 8
o'clock. Canajoharie was reached at
half-past nine o'clock, the roads grow
ing worse as they proceeded. Where
they were not mudd" and heavy the
roads were filled with holes and rucks.
Heavy head winds were encountered
while riding over the rough and hilly
roads to St. Johnsville. but the auto
mobile readily overcame every obstacle
and the tourists reached Little Falls at
half-past twelve o'clock with the ma
chine apparently in excellent condition.
The actual running time for the forty
two miles traveled was five hours,
which is regarded as an excelled rec
ord over such execrable roads.
Drowned at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. July IS.— Several of the
crew of the steamer Queen of the Yukon,
from San Francisco, reported to-night
that one of their number, known as "Ar
chie," was drowned while swimming in
the river this evening.
?4
Shamrock Defeats the Britannia*
. Blue Ribbon Pace Won by Shade On.
Tod Sloan Suspended.
THE SHAMROCK
EASILY BEATS
THE BRITANNIA
Cup Challenger Is
Very Fast.
— —
TRIAL RACE ON THE SOLENT
— ♦• —
NEW YACHT IN FRONT FROM
THE START.
English Experts Greatly Pleased
With Her Performance and
Confident of Victory Over
the Columbia.
*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOUTHAMPTON. July I*.— There was
much excitement on the Solent to-day
over the Britannia-Shamrock race. From
early morning crowds watched the prep
arations mi board both yachts, while the
whole fleet from Southampton, Cowes
and other points made for Ryde.
The scene at Ryde pier was most ani
mated. Long before the star! crowds of
fashionable visitors had arrived. The
Shamrock was towed from Southampton,
the Erin following with Thomas tiipton
and a distinguished company. The weath
er was hot and slightly hazy, with a
slight southeast breeze which promised
to last through the day. The course was
.from the Ryde pierhead eastward around
the Nab lightship, leaving it on' the star
board hand, then back past Cowes to a '
buoy on the Solent bank, rounding the
buoy on zhe starboard and finishing at
Cowes, opposite the Royal Yacht Squad
ron's house. It was about forty miles
long. The Prince of Wales arrived at
Southampton at 11 o'clock, wearing a
yachting suit, and boarded the Britannia
from the yacht Fire Queen, on board of
which he left Southampton.
The yachts started punctually at 12
o'clock, with a fresh southeast breeze
blowing. As the starting gun boomed the '■
Britannia Immediate crossed- the Sham
rock, the latter following in a way to give
the impression that she. had no objection
to giving the Britannia a slight lead. The
latter, however, did not long maintain tiie
advantage. It v. as a dead heat to wind
ward, and little distance was covered be
fore the Shamrock, whic.i started on the
short leg to port, overhauled her, and on
the following long leg to starboard the
Shamrock forged ahead rapidly. It was
at once noticed that she was sailing near
ly half a point rearer the Wind than the
Britannia. The Shamrock was carrying her
mainsail, jib-head-.) topsail, jib and fore
sail. The Britannia carried the same can
vas, but In addition her club topsail.
The Shamrock was a half-mile ahead
passing Warner. Hogarth was at the
helm of the challenger. The boat held up
admirably and there was not a drop of
water on deck. She proved extremely
quick In putting about, taking only lOU
seconds. On rounding the Nab lightship
both yachts set their spinnakers for the
run back.
The only mishap of the day was that
when the* Shamrock's sail began to fill
the top caught in the cross-trees. The
huge canvas flopped flat and then sud
denly burst like a balloon and a big rent
became visible in the upper part, where
a long strip had been torn out, leaving a
hole big enough for a man to crawl
through. The Shamrock's speed naturally
suffered somewhat from this accident.
Both boats soon set their " topsails and
later their balloon foresails. The yachts
jibed to port near Ryde. They were then
traveling at such a rate that the press
boat, going a speed of eleven knots, was
unable to keep pace with the Shamrock,
though the wind lightened considerably
after leaving Nab lightship. The Britan
nia appeared to be holding her own for
a short spell before she reached Ryde, but
the Shamrock again crept slowly ahead,
widening the gap.
The scene at this time was an inspiring
one. Both yachts, under a cloud of can
vas, were gliding on even keels. The wind
freshened after passing Cowes and both
boats took In their spinnakers a: 1 stalled
on 'the broad reach to the-. Solent buoy.
After jibing around they reached back,
finishing with a short tack to make the
home mark.
Experts were satisfied that the Sham
rock will be able to give a good account
of herself in the contest for the America's
cup.
The Shamrock passed Warner at 12:36:13
and the Britannia at 12:43 18. The Sham
rock rounded the Nab lightship at 1:00:25
and the Britannia at 1:00:20. The Sham
rock passed Ryde. pier tit 1:54:30 and the
Britannia at 2:02:30. The yachts passed
the Royal Yacht squadron's house going
westward, the Shamrock at 2:40:27 and the
Britannia at 2:51:00. The Shamrock ar
rived at the finish line at 3:46:00. The
Britannia finished the course thirteen
minutes hind the challenger for the
America's cup.
Both yachts were admirably handled,
but the Shamrock had a clear advantage
throughout. She gained on every tack
to windward.
The corrected times at the finish were:
Shamrock. 3:43:50; Britannia, 4:00:15. The
times of passing the buoy on the Solent
bank were: Shamrock, 3:15:45; Britannia
3:25:04. -:
FASTEST OF BRITISH YACHTS.
— >—
The Shamrock Does Not Show Her
Actual; Speed.
COWES, Isle of W*ght, July 18.— On the
actual difference in- the times of the
Shamrock and Britannia at the various
points and the times* at the finish of to
day's races it does hot appear that the
Shamrock has a gre(_t chance to win the
America's cup. Those signs, however,
may be deceptive. 1/ was the opinion of
those who closely witched the race from
the steamer following the yachts that the
Shamrock was never pushed to her ut
most In to-day's trlaj, and that Mr. Fife,
the designer of the; yacht, who practi
cally engineered the| contest on behalf of
Sir Thomas l_ipton. merely desired *.> as
certain whether the Shamrock could show
the Britannia a cle_.n pair of heels. He
had no desire, he slid, to let everybody
into the secret of th* actual merit or best
speed of the challenger.
Confirmation of th ' foregoing opinion Is
found In the fact that while the Britan
nia carried every possible stitch of can
vas, the Shamrock wias running before the
wind from the Nab. lightship to the So
lent bank buoy, and only her Jib headed
with the topsail instead of the club top-
Sail, like the Britannia, and that on the
broad reach home from the Solent buoy
the Shamrock lowered her jib topsail,
which would, have been of material as
sistance had her skipper really wished to
show her at her bes_.
Mr. Fife and Mr. Jamison were on
board the Shamrock, but Sir Thomas Lip
ton followed on board the Erin, which,
with a few yachts and one solitary but
Pears'
was the first maker of
sticks of soap for shav-
ing. Pears' Soap es-
tablished over ioo
years.
crowded excursion steamer, escorted the
racers around the course.
The fresh breeze that was blowing at
the start dropped somewhat, but revived
sufficiently to bring the racers home at a
spanking pace and proved an excellent
wind from the racing point of view, as
it. enabled the cracks to be tested as to
three points, namely—beating to wind
ward, running and reaching. The Sham
rock showed to the best advantage beat
ing to windward, and gained six min
utes on the Britannia on the eight miles
beat to the Nab lightship from the start.
although beating is considered one of the
Britannia's strong points. On the run
back to ('owes the Shamrock's gain was
less perceptible, but she did not set her
club topsail, and so did not do her best.
On the reach home the Shamrock did bet
ter and could evidently have done the
distance in much shorter time if she had
been put on her mettle.
The Shamrock is decidedly the fastest
boat ever launched in these waters. No
other craft ever gave the Britannia such
a beating on a fair sailing trial. There
was considerable maneuvering of the
yachts before the start, and the opinion
was freely expressed that the Shamrock
did not appear to be so well bandied as
the Britannia, which was in the hands
of the veteran Carter, who skippered her
successfully against the Vigilant in ISM.
The Britannia was sailed beautifully and
excited general admiration among the Im
mense crowds of fashionable people who
witnessed the return of the boats from
every point of vantage.
FREE-FOR-ALL FIGHT
AT BALTIMORE GAME
Corcoran Assaults MeG-raw and Spec
tators Take a Hand in
the Melee.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...53 27 . C 77* Pittsburg ...37 33 .4.7
Philadelphia 47 28 .627 Cincinnati ..37 39 .480
Boston 4S 29 .623 ' New Y0rk... 33 42 .440
Chicago 44 30 .595 Louisville .-31 45 .40.
St Louis.... 44 32 .579 Washington 26 72 .333
Baltimore ..43 32 .573' Cleveland ..14 63 .182
BALTIMORE, July IS.— Corcoran assaulted
McGraw at the beginning of the ninth Inning
at Cnion Park to-day and a free-for-all tight
resulted Bleacher spectators crowded upon
the field and a riot would have resulted but
for prom) ; action of the police. Both players
were fined and removed from the game. A
lucky bound In the seventh gave Cincinnati
v.* " runs and the game. Neither Hill nor
Breitensteln was very effective and both were
rather wild. Attendance, 1414. Score:
i.'lubs— R. 11. E.
Baltimore 5 10 2
nati 7 12 1
Batteries— Hill and Robinson; Breltenstein
and Wood. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly. ,
" PHILADELPHIA. July 18.- The Phillies'
winning streak was broken to-day by Louis
ville, who defeated the Quakers without much
effort. The 1* me team could do nothing with
the visitors' pitchers, while the Colonels
touched Fraser when hits meant runs, At
ll^svme .° 35 "... 9 :ore: 8 11 3
S 11 3
PhUadelphia ............ bb"!!*.:;!.!! 4 4 0
Batteries— Cunningham, Wood and Zimmer;
Fraser and McFarland. Umpires— Manassau
and Smith.
WASHINGTON, July 28.— Washington and
Cleveland split even to-day. In the first game
the Senators gained a lead, but the Wanderers
won by a batting rally In the seventh Inning.
The second game went to Washington because
of Cleveland's errors. Attendance, 3500. Score:
• game —
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 4 6?
Cleveland 5 11 2
Batteries— Dlneen and Kittredge; Kn*ppei
and Schrecongost. Umpires— and
Latham.
Second came —
W^ton R. 11. 17.
Washington 11 8 4
Cleveland 4 10 4
Batteries— Mercer and Duncan; McAllister.
Bates and Schrecongost. Umpires— Gaffney and
Latham. _ >"'7.V>
NEW TORK, July IS.— The Chlcagos opened
here to-day with a victory. It was not an easy
Win, though, as the locals found Griffith's
curves ln the last few Innings and made a bold
bid for victory. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Nev.- York 6 12 2
Chicago 7 12 1
Batteries— Meektn and Warner; Griffith and
Donahue. Umpires— and McGarr.
NEW YORK, July 18.— The Plttsburgs made
a show of the leaders to-day. batting and
running bases, at will. The Brooklyns were
kept busy in the field and made a record in
total assists for a game, having no less than
twenty-flve. Their errors were numerous.
Chesbro pitched a fast game and had excellent
support. Attendance, 2300. Score:
flubs- R. H. E.
Pittsburg S 10 2
_lyn 2 .*> 7
Batteries— Chesbro and Bowerman; McJames
and McGuire. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
BOSTON, July 18.— St. Louis had little diffi
culty in winning to-day, through the poor sup
port the home team gave Killen. The visitors
played a. fast game from the start and batted
Killen at opportune times. Attendance, 3000.
Sci re:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. LouTs 9 11 2
Boston 3 8 3
Batteries— Powell and Criger: Killen and
Clarke. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
ARRANGEMENT? FOR THE
ATHLETIC CONTESTS
Advisory Committee Agrees Upon
Rules for the Anglo-American
Track Events.
LONDON. July 18.— Messrs. Jackson.
Wendell, Morrison and Brooks of th" in
ternational university advisory committee
held a final meeting at the Queen's Club
Brighton, this afternon to complete ar
rangements and decide upon the order of
Ba trday's events in the athletic contests
between Yale and Harvard and Oxford
and Cambridge. It was agreed that the
programme should open at 4 p. m. with
tie long jump and hammer-throwing con
currently, closing with the three-mile and
high jump. ' :;■ ' : ,
The question as to the number of trials
to be allowed In the hammer-throwing
and long; jump was the occasion of con
siderable discussion, the English rule be
ing four trials each and the American rule
six trials. A compromise will be reached
on six tries for hammer and five tries for
jump. for the high jump the usual cus
tom of both sides is three trials at each
bar. Runs under the bar do not count as
tries.
formation gathered at ajl the training
quarters gives promise of close contests,
especially in the 100-yard hurdles, the
quarter-mile and the long jump. The ques
tion of selecting a mate for C. D. Daly,
Harvard, for the long jump will be de
cided between J. T. Harrington of Har
vard, Morse of Yale and Roche of Har
vard to-morrow. G. O. Vassal of Oxford
who. with-R. O. Bevan of Cambridge, will
represent he English universities, has the
top record and continues in splendid form.
TOD SLOAN SUSPENDED '
FOR INSUBORDINATION
While the Premier Is on the Ground
the Elder Iteiff Is Win- .
ning Laurels.
LONDON, July 18.— Owing to an exhibi
tion of insubordination at the starting
post in the race for the Warren nursery
at Sandown Park on Saturday. Starter A.
Coventry reported Jockeys Tod Sloan.
Henry Robinson and John Dalton to the
jockey club meeting this morning. The
club voted to suspend Sloan and Robin
son from July IS to August 5, inclusive,
and Dalton until July 29. This bars Sloan
and Robinson from riding Grodni and
Merman, respectively, In the race for the
Liverpool cup, for which the horses named
are first and second favorites.
At the flrst day of the Leicester sum
mer meeting to-day L. Re.ff, the Ameri
can jockey, riding Lord William Beres
ford's horse* In P- ace of Tod Sloan, won
the Ingston maiden two-year-old plate,
of 100 sovereigns, on Perdlcus.
In the Belgrade handicap, of 100 sover
eigns, Meta 11, ridden by Reiff, captured
third place.
Lord William Bereaford's three-year-old
bay gelding Manatee, with Relff in the
caddie, won the Regulation plate, of 101
sovereigns. ..-••-. '■•,,-..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 19, 1899.
Big Events in the World of Sport
MIDDLE WEIGHT BOXERS WHO WILL DON FIVE-OUNCE GLOVES.
GEORGE GREEN.
GEORGE GREEN and Charley finff will be the stars of the boxing exhibition of the National Athletic Club to be
held to-morrow night in the arena at Woodward's Pavilion. It is the first bout in some months that seems to
promise the class of sport which local followers of the game enjoy. Both men are clever boxers and clean hitters,
with the strength of heavy-weights. Goff gained many followers through his meeting with Jim Franey recently,
in which he made a brilliant showing. Franey did not use his aggressiveness with good judgment, and his gallop was
brought to a sudden stop by his opponent. In Green the victor of the last fight will flnd a more dangerous adversary.
There is not a move in the game with which he is not familiar. That the sporting fraternity has confidence in him is
evidenced by the fact that he has been installed a warm favorite in the betting. At Harry Corbett's last night the
wagering was brisk, the prevailing odds being 10 to 7. On the preliminary bout between Jeffords and Jones the betting
was at evens. The Illustration is from photographs by Bushnell.
BLUE RIBBON
PICE CAPTURED
BY SHADE ON
Nebraska Horse Wins
at Detroit.
— -♦ —
' Special Dispatch to The Call.
'■y.yyff. - ,
DETROIT, July 18. Shade On, a little
five-year-old bay horse from Nebraska,
won first money to-day In the 16000 ''ham
ber of Commerce pacing stake. The Ne
braska horse was not heavily played by
the crowd, with the exception of the
Western contingent, who banked on him
against the field. Shade On did not equal
his record of 2:10, made last week at
Peoria, but he showed good staying qual
ities through four exciting heats.
Coney, the well backed favorite*, made a
splendid appearance on the track and
kept near the front all through the race,
except in the second heat, when be went
Into the air badly when passed by Shade
On, although he had led the field easily for
three-quarters of a mile. During the;
scoring for the first heat he reared and
collided with Fire Gilt, a secondary fa
vorlte,- overturning both sulkies, but the i
horses and drivers escaped injury.
Coney was a very- easy winner of the
first heat, and but for Shad.- On's spurt '
and Coney's nervousness the second would j
have been a similar procession. Maude
Emperor made a strong play for the third
heat, but she broke in the homestretch
! during a rush by Shade On, Carmelita
and Coney, who finished in that order.
Shade On was whipped all the way down
the stretch in the last heat. Coney had
led neariv all the way, but Shade On got
under the wire barely a neck ahead of
the California gelding. Driver Key was
presented with an Immense bouquet,
which he carried off past a crowd of 6000
cheering spectators.
Surpol, the favorite, won the 2:14 trot
in straight heats, although Altoka In the
second neat gave the gray the closest
neck-and-neck struggle of the day. El
lert made two splendid spurts and got
third money.
The 2:011 pace and 2:17 trot were two-in
three events. William Mc, the winner.
MANY NOVEL FEATURES OF
THE CAKEWALK CARNIVAL
THE cakewalk carnival continues
to draw thousands to Mechan
ics' Pavilion, in fact the carni
ii val appears to have developed
into a fad, and the high step
pers are in their glory. Yesterday
afternoon the flrst matinee was given,
and 2000 people were on hand to enjoy
the spectacle. In the "evening the Olym
pic Club athletes divided' honors with
.the tots and freaks of the cakewalk
fraternity. They gave an exhibition
that created unbounded enthusiasm,
consisting of boxing, wrestling, fenc
ing, trapeze performing and tumbling.
The feature of the grand pageant was
three-year-old Frankie Buttner and
little ' Margaret Cronln, dressed, or
rather undressed, as Hottentots and
doing a Hottentot cakewalk. . But the
fffy-f y.:. .-. ,-_ . yyy yyy
got his two beats in the pace without
trouble, Kitty It, the favorite, being third.
Hazel Ridge a Michigan horse, won the
first and third heats of the 2:17 trot, but
was beaten in the second by Derby Lass,
who was whipped to a close finish.
The day was line and the Grosse Point
track in superb condition for the flrst
time after a dreary succession of rainy
days. The crowd was one of the largest
•ever seen at the Blue Ribbon races.
Results:
2:09 class pace, purse $1200— William Mc won
first and second heats. Time, 2:07 H. 2:o7'j.
Nlcol B second. Kitty R third. Hallena, Du
plex. Little Thorn. Xeeta W, Charles Sum
ner. Eylet. Nelly Bruce, Red Seal, Arsetta and
Exploit also started.
2:17 class trotting, purse Sl2oo— Hazel Ridge
won first and third heats. Time. 2:ll. 4 . 2:15*;.
Derby Lass won second heat in 2:14 and was
second. Precision third. Pilot Evans, Excel,
Bergenia, Josephine Dixon, Lanarka, Temple
Wilkes, Grand Baron, Ralnforth, Belle M and
Lillian also started. . ' 7" '• ■ '
Chamber of Commerce $5000 stakes. 2:24 class
pacing- Shade On won second, third and fourth
heats. Time. 2:13 M. Mitt, 2:l3M>. Coney won
first heat In 2:09 and wits second, Carmelita
third. Fire Gilt. Annie Thornton, Wandering
.lew. Mount Clemens Boy, Mace. Hlpless. Ar
llne B. Maude Emperor and The Private also
started.
2:14 class trotting, purse $2000— Surpol won
first, second and third heat?. Time, 2 12%, 2:10,
2:10. Altoka second, Ellert third. Charlie Herr.
Chantlllv. Dr. Spellman. Medium Wood, Major
Chew. Cutting, Ooralloid, Bona Telia and St.
George also started. '.'_>:'''.-.•. .
NEEL WINS AT TENNIS.
CHICAGO, July IS.— Carr Neel defeated
Allen of Yale in the final singles In the
Western tennis . tournament to-day. and
will, to-morrow meet Kreigh Collins for
the championship. Neel is looked upon as
almost a sure winner in the game with
Collins, as the latter has not this year
been putting up any such game as Neel
has played throughout the tournament.
• The game between Neel and Allen to
day was long and hard fought, some of
the sets running up to twelve and four
teen before a winner was shown. Allen
played with desperation, but Neel put up
the same steady, careful game that has
carried him to victory so many times, and
Allen, although he made a good showing
at all' times, aid not look like a winner at
any time. The score was: C — l, 6 — 4, 2—6.
6-3.
Elliott the Live-Bird Champion.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio. July ii.— Charles
Young of this city, holder of the St. Louis
Republic cup, representing the live bird
championship of America, lost the cup
here to-day to J. A. It. Elliott of Kansas
City. The shoot was at 100 live birds.
American Association rules, thirty yards
boundary, thirty yards rise. Elliott killed
i>3 and Young 92. There were 1500 spec
tators.
bit of the evening was the electric
cakewalk, the principals being Stage
Manager C. G. J. Barr. Miss Leo La
Salle and Miss Pearl Hickman. The
trio appeared encircled with electric
light bulbs, the lights in the pavilion
being turned nearly out, and the ef
fect produced by the blazing, figures
circling around the hall In the semi
darkness ' was extremely' novel and
pretty. At the conclusion of the exhl-,
bitlon Miss Hickman was presented
with a large flower cross by admiring
friends In the audience, while Miss La
Salle was the recipient of. a huge-bas
ket of flowers, presented by Managers'
Buckley and Leonhardt.
Blanch^ Trelese and Gladys Mon
tague, two infantile artists, scored a
great hit by doing a clever turn that
CHARLEY GOFF.
ARISTOCRATIC
CANINES WILL
POSE FOR PRIZES
Santa Barbara's Dog
Show.
' *
Special Dispatch to The fall.
LOS ANGELES, July 18.— Santa
Barbara dog show will open to-morrow
wlth 200 entries. Crowds of Angelenos
have bough! special tickets and quite a
number of the members of the National
Educational Association have expressed
their intention' to enjoy Santa Barbaran
hospitality.
O. J. Albee. N. T. Stewart and J. Ber
ret have agreed to transfer their ancient
rivalry '.from the north to the south, and
the showing of collies consequently will
be a large one. Wegener's Redwood
cocker kennels will make their mark as
before. Los Angeles will send between
thirty and forty dogs of all breeds and
sizes. John W. Mitchell will be represent
ed by his fox terriers by Lomita Patchen-
Lomlta Ira. :■ ..''.-' ffyfyfy
Mr. Mitchell has been remarkably un
fortunate of late, having lost by death
his celebrated fox terrier Patch, which
took first prize in San Francisco, and also
his fine mastiff Rex. by Ingleside Crown
Prince-Lomlta Hilda. Rex was pro
nounced the best mastiff on the coast by
both Otis Fellows and James Mortimer.
He was a litter brother of the celebrated
Lola.
"Billy"' Murphy is going to take the
largest string from here. Murphy has be
come one of the most enthusiastic fan
ciers in the south, as was evidenced by his
extensive exhibit at San Francisco last
May under the name of the Orangedale
kennels. The bench show committee of
the Santa Barbara Kennel Club has hung
up a special prize for the handsomest ex
hibitor with a kennel, and It is said
"Billy" has a cinch on the trophy. Among
the more prominent dogs that he will take
up to the show are the St. Bernard Lady'
Bute H. by Reglor-Lady Bute 11. and
Orangedale Beauty, by Melrose 11-Lady
would be a credit to professional
adults, while little Cora Davis and
Johnnie Mangle did a plantation walk
that was enthusiastically applauded. J.
Walker Cole, the undefeated white
champion of the United States, and
Miss Georgie Brown gave a fine exhi
bition of cakewalklng as a flne art
that brought down the house.
To-night will be Native Sons and
Daughters' night, and they will all be
there. A special programme will be
put on containing many unique fea
tures in honor of the occasion:' On
Thursday afternoon, the next matinee
of the carnival, the programme will
consist of a cakewalk and Chinese baby
show combined. Two hundred midgets
from the flowery kingdom will be on
exhibition in all the glorious ' finery
Chinatown can produce.
- .j. - _■* - - *•. ... _* . - i ,
Prize Dog Show in Santa Barbara.
Burlingame to Hold a Horse Show
Big Anglo-American Track hvents.
C* .. .~v~wv«<-v*v»<>»_y_>»_y_**_> A __'
Bute H. As a contrast to the big fellows
Murphy will show a fox terrier Orange
dale Babe, bred by John W. Mitchell, by
Lomita-Patchen-Lomita Ida. . .
G. L. Waring of Santa Monica^U show
a fox terrier puppy dog Sweet wmiam,
by Aldon Swagger-Snowflake. This i TOP
was bred by Mr. Murphy, who will handle
him at Santa Barbara. Ts__rnnrd
Mark Jones will confide his St. Bernard
Duke D. by Caesar H-imported Erica of
Hauensteln. to Murphy. Miss TiMe Lo
raine will place in his charge three of her
St. Bernards. First comes the P«" *££
ncr, Omar Khayyam by Orangedaie
Prince-Lady Bute H. With him are Lore
lei, by Champion Grand HrftS KinZ
Bute H. and a puppy ? a . me £ King Kane
ha. by Duke D-Lore lei. Byron. ; Wool
brecher's bull terrier dog and his blood
hound will go in charge of Mr. Murphy.
PECONIC STAKES
WON BY ETHELBERT
Martimgs. the Only Other Starter of
Note, Makes a Poor
Showing.
NEW YORK. July IS.-The chief, event
on the card at Brighton to-day was the
Peconlc stakes, for three-year-olds at a
mile and a furlong. In which Ethelbert
and Martimas were the only starters of
account. Ellerdale being added simp y to
get third money. The start was quickly
made and the pair went away together
On the run to the first turn, which was
little more than a gallop, Martimas took
a lead of a length, which he sustained
around the lower turn and into the back
stretch, when Ethelbert began to cut it
down, and as they turned the upper curve
they were running head and head. They
hung together for a few seconds and then
Ethelbert slid away and the race was
over, for he made the gap wider with
every stride and pullel up at the end. With
the hollowest kind of a victory, in 1:55.
Results: '  .
Five furlongs. Waring : won rrertld.gitator
second, Matchim third. Time. I-' l ** 5 -,.. ,, k
-^^e?^ fc^^f^ £am
re r^ih^ : Peconic. Kthel
bert won, Martimas second, Ellerdale inira.
T nve furlongs, Frandoo won. Gonfalon second,
Sakhrat third. Time, 1:02. second.
Seven furlongs. Theory won, Dan Rice secona,
Tinge third. Time. 1:28 4-5.
CHICAGO July 15.-Weather cloudy at Haw
th£vl:anTak ffSWt.*.., Hilda
SK B^ovar won
Mayme M. M. second, Teutons third. Time.
"su - furlongs. Graziella won May Beach sec
°nd ne Ca m n iTe K;:bt^ , n^'^- second. Euaad
th^enTrlonV"^em P erE a demwon. J Mc
•'-bb second. Sorrano third. |^^nner
One mile. Little Singer won, Robert Bonner
second, Tappan third. Time, I**»%.
ST LOUIS, July IS -Track fast. Results:
Selling seven furlongs-Aunt Maggie won,
Moralist 'second. Hill BIHy third. S&«*Uc-
Selling, six furlongs-Elbe won Sen-Sen sec
ond Villmar third. Time, U&jt- . -
Maiden two-vear-olas. five and one-half fur
longs-Haviland won, Arthur Hehan * second.
Deverlc *hlrd, . Time. 1:10V4. ■. . „_.„
; Selling.' one mile and seventy y*^.»~ >
won. M , nt ..,i,,nico second. Lyllis third, Time.
I: SeUhig. seven furlongs-John McElroy won,
Eight Hells second. Sly third. Time 1:29%-'
■ Selling, six furlong.-— Miss Mac Day won The
Pride second. Haehxneteter third. Time, 1:15%.
BUFFALO, July 18.-Graydon's Duke of
Middleburg. who has been such a disappoint
ment at this meeting, got out in the fifth race
m ,Hv and barely squeezed In a winner.
Yondotega would have beaten him In another
jump The Puke was the only winning favor-
Ue s.x "urTongs-Aqu.nas won "Dick Warren sec
ond. Annie Lauretta third. Time. 1.1!*-' •_• .
. Seven hirlonfft- Chantilly won. Nearest, sec
ond Eleanor Holmes third. Time, I*33W.
Mile and one-sixteenth- won, George
Krats second, Flag of Truce third. Time.
1 'Flve furlongs-Icedrops won, Basle second.
Isablnda third. Time, 1:06'?. „
Six furlongs-Duke of Mlddleburg won on
dotaga sec nd, Montanus third. T me . I.lBV*.
Mile— Little Sally won. Wordsworth second.
Kittle Regent third. Time, 1:47.4.
AMATEUR BOXERS WILL
MEET IN LIMITED BOUTS
A Series of Promising Contests Ar
ranged by San Francisco Ath
letic Club Officials— Olym
pic Club Contests.
There, are five boxing bouts on the pro
pramme of the San Francisco Athletic
Club for its regular entertainment to
night. As the greatest care and judg
ment is used in matching the -men the
bouts should all result In good contests.
"Deacon" Jones, the diminutive colored
boxer and "Snowball" Crawford will fur
nish the comedy element of the evening.
Charles Vickers is a promising aspirant
for honors in the feather-weight class and
is expected to make Jack Ennis box all
he knows how.
Charles Thurston and Henry Lewis have
been seen in the San Francisco club ring
before. Lewis made an excellent impres
sion at the last exhibition of the club
when he boxed Tom Monihan. Al Neil's
trainer, to a draw. Mike McClure and
Dan Regan are also scheduled to go eight
rounds, while Ed Toy and George Baker
will face one another for ten rounds in
the principal bout of. the evening.- ff-''
Alex Greggains. the official referee of
the club, will be. the third man in the ring
in all the bouts. ' ./'.'.
A programme of boxing Is being ar
ranged to take place in the Olympic Club
gymnasium August 4. W. J. -Kennedy,
matchmaker of the club, signed F. Ast
and R. -A. Woods yesterday. They will
box ten rounds and will weigh in at 148
pounds. Woods is a clever pupil of Wal
ter Watson, while Ast showed his. qual
ity in the tournament for the Herman Oel
rlchs belt. .The other bouts will be ar
ranged to-day. It has been arranged
that members will be admitted free, out
siders being charged an admission of $2.
CANNOT RUN OFF THE STAKE.
Ingleside Coursing Park Officials
Abandon Hope of Concluding
Last Sunday's Meeting.
The officials of Insleside Coursing Park
have abandoned hope of being able Lo run
otti the concluding rounds of the open
stake which fliey commenced last Satur
day. As a consequence they paid the
winners of one course the $5 to which
each was entitled."
The directors are still awaiting the final
action of the Supervisors on the Mayor's
veto of the pool ordinance. This will be
known at the meeting to be held next
Monday.
Native Sons Install.
District Deputy Grand President Bar
ton, assisted by J. M. Hanley, president
of Precita Parlor, Installed the following
officers of Niantlc Parlor, Native Sons of
the Go'den West, for the current term:
F. Kauffman, past president; J. H. Wal
ler, president; T. H. Betterton, D. Stoney
and Charles M. Ross, vice presidents;
Frank McAllister, marshal: Finley Cook,
recording secretary; A. W. Borches. finan
cial secretary; T. J. Bridges, treasurer;
J. B. Gartland, A. J. Donnovan and J. B.
Gallndo. trustees; G. P. Euler, Inside, and
G. Stoney, outside sentinel, and E. xi.
Rock, historian.
The following officers of Precita Parlor
were installed by Past President Charles
Buck in the absence of Deputy A. Mock
er, being assisted by President Slack of
South San Francisco Parlor as grand
marshal; C. Ward, past president; J. M.
Hanley, president; George Neumiller, Jo
seph E. Earles and Eugene Sullivan, vice
presidents; W. C. Miller, marshal; J. M.
Hlckey, recording secretary; D. J. Wren,
financial secretary; Gus Wehrman, treas
urer: J. C. Ohlandt, Otto Thomas and J.
E. Behan. trustees: James Quinn, inside,
and George Van Orden, outside sentinel.
The members of South . San Francisco
Parlor were present In a body.
Each of the parlors named, after the
ceremony of installation, had a supper to
the. new officers.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101' Seventh street, --corner' • Minion. " Salt
water direct from the ocean. a v
ua______. — _____ — -_v_ — ->■-■•»■-■■ ■ - „,\ "■■•-»> ' "^-.^V,-^ J
BURLINGAME MEN
TO HOLD THEIR
BIG HORSE SNOW
First Week in Septem
ber the Date.
— • —
AN OUTDOOR EXHIBITION
AMBITIOUS PKOGRAMME OB
SPORT FOR MONTEREY.
♦
Polo, Golf, Yacht Racing arid Al*
the High-Class Games of the
Field Will Attract So
ciety People. '
♦
The open-air horse show of the Burlin
game Country Club, which was so marked
a success last year, both socially and from
a horseman's point of view, will be re
peated during the first week of Septem
. ber. It will probably extend over two
days, as the members of the club have
such a variety of equipages and so many
horses that the various classes cannot be
shown in one day.
The Burlingame show means the aban
donment for this year of the idea of hold
ing a show in this city. These exhibitions
some years since accomplished much good
in educating people as to the vogue in
horses, harness and vehicles. New types
of the latter were introduced by the score
and the result ls to be seen any day on
the Golden Gate Park drives. The shows
afforded a liberal education in the art of
driving, resulting in an improved style.
The week of diversified sport to be held
at Hotel del Monte under the patronage of
the Paciflc Coast Pony Racing and Stee
plechase Association, commencing August
21, is gradually assuming shape. The pro
gramme will Include all the high class
sports of the field and the tastes of all
persons should be suited. There will bo
competitions in golf for valuable cups for
both men and women. If the polo clubs
of Southern California can send a team
there will be a match between the north
and south; otherwise teams will be formed
among the Burlingame men, each player
on the winning team to receive a cup.
For spectacular effect and action polo
outrivals all other sports, especially
when the men and the ponies are well
trained. •
There will be baseball between a Bur
lingame team, the foundation for which
will be found in the many athletes of the
Tobin family, and an outside team. A
yacht race between Duke, Harry Simp
kins' new boat, B. A. Wiltzee's schooner
and two others will be arranged if possi
ble. In addition the pigeon shooters and
the cyclers will be afforded an opportu
nity to show their prowess. Tbe last day
of "the week will be given over to pony
racing.
In order to carry through this ambi
tious programme successfully each sport
will be placed in charge of some person
identified with it and he will be expected
to see that the necessary preliminary ar
rangements are properly made. In this
wav no "hoot mon" will be asked to at
tend to splicing the main brace in the
yacht rate and the yachtsmen will not bo
troubled about cleeks and brassies, foozles
and hazards. . f.-fy.j
PACIFIC'S NIGHT.
A Parlor of the Native Sons Gives a
Pleasing Entertainment to
Its Lady Friends.
Pacific Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West, had a night in the banquet
hall of the Native Sons' building last
evening. It was a ladies' night, got
up in honor of the following officers who
have just been installed for the current
term: James O'Gara, past president;
George Stangenberg, president; T. P.
Martin, first, W. E. Dorn. second, and
Lvman Jennings,- third vice president;
John Cannon, marshal; J. Miller, record
ing secretary; Frank Nevill, financial
secretary; A. Lotham. treasurer; Albert
Chance, inside, and Emil Green, outside
sentinel; J. Loney, F. R. Roche and F.
C. Dam, .trustees. There were present a
very large number of ladies and escorts
and for their entertainment the committee
presented a number of interesting num
bers, interspersed with dances. y
New Consul From Guatemala.
The new appointee to the consulship of
Guatemala in this city is not Manuel
Morales Saemz, as has been erroneously,
stated in a morning paper.
The appointment has not been officially
made as yet, but it is almost a certainty
that the honor will fall to the lot either of
Don Domingo Morales, Minister of Publla
Instruction, or Gabriel Estrada Monson, a.
wealthy coffee planter and near relative
of the President. The secretary will be
Pedro 1 Ocosta. The reason for the re
moval of the present Consul, Philipe Gall
cia. is not on account of any unfitness ha
has shown, aside from his being unac
quainted with the English language.
Dependable Drugs
■■■Deliver Free
100. Miles ■
-Orders of $5 or over deliv-
ered free to - railroad ' points
within 100 miles of. our three
stores San Francisco, Los An-
geles and Oakland. Money
must come with order. ,"
We take back anything that
does not suit.
We send what you order. *.
Carter's Little Liver Pills
Everybody has heard of '"'
Carter's Pills— at 25 cents. I S L
Glauber's Salts a pound
Standard cathartic, for ani- yf
•* mals. Best, refined here. lOC
_f* 5 pounds 25c. •"
X X X Horse Liniment
Well known for horse and '-£
animal injuries. Regular 40C
™ price 50c.
Pitcher's Castoria I
A household remedy for chil- __..-
dren; others charge 35c for it. l
Thompson's ESoJte Tonic
"Cures all diseases of the -.v..
*.' nervous system; restores the DOC
-' liver to healthy action. Cut
from $1. • — ?
Pierces Prescription
4* Well advertised to sell for $1.
Save 30c if you buy here. 7, c
fr GOT- RAVE fl9
V , V 1128 Market St. / Qg^j
,_i I>, Sooth 356. • SanFranclsoi-
»cth and Broadway, (Tel. Main 309) o»kl*nd
* — - ________ -■ - -BIG BROOKLYN CAR STRIKE EXTENDING
The Employes of New York Lines Prepared to Quit Work
in Sympathy.
CARS BLOWN UP WITH DYNAMITE AND STRIKERS ARRESTED.
Special Dispatch tc The Call.
NKW YORK, July 19.— An at
tempt was made to blow up the
elevated structure at Fifth ave
nue and Thirty-fifth street in
Brooklyn early this morning.
The police say that it was the
work of the strikers or sympa
thisers. One of the pillars of
the structure was shattered by
the explosion of dynamite 'at 1:10
a. m. The entire base of the pil
lar was blown t<» pieces and the
sides of ie pillar for several feet
were torn away. Several pieces
of steel were thrown through
neighboring houses. One piece
of large size, nearly an inch in
thickness, was blown through
the brick wall of a house at the
corner of Thirty-fourth street
and Fifth avenue. Another was
blown through a house at the
corner of Thirty-f.*urt . street
and Fourth avenue, while still
another dashed through th- iron
railing of the Greenwood Sub-
Cemetery. No one was injured.
NEW YORK. July 19.— At an early
hour this morning twenty-two strik- ,
ers? were placed under arrest suspected
of complicity in the South Brooklyn
dynamite explosion on the elevated ;
railroad. Acting under orders from
Chief of Police Devery nine detectives i
proceeded to the strikers' headquarters
at the corner of Rockaway and Atlan
tic avenues, Brooklyn, and placed all
of the strike leaders there found un- |
der arrest. The men are still under ar
rest. but it is expected they will be
given a hearing at 9 o'clock this morn- ;
ing before Justice Bristow of Brooklyn.
NEW YORK. July. 19.— The Journal
and Advertiser says: The employes !
on two lines of th- Metropolitan Street
Railway Company decided to strike at
5 o'clock this morning.
At a little before 3 o'clock this morn
ing eleven men employed on the Madi
[son and Second avenue lines of the
Metropolitan system, called on General
Master Workman Parsons and an
nounced their intention of striking at
once.
Mr. Parsons argued with the men
and attempted to convince them that
they were very foolish to take any
such action.
They replied that they felt it was j
their duty to aid the Brooklyn strikers.
The argument grew heated. Parsons j
finally refused to sanction their pro- i
posed act, whereupon the men left de
claring they would go out without th- j
authority of Mr. Parsons.
Mr. Parsons' reply to this declara
tion was: "Very well, if you will
strike T cannot stop you, but I wash
my hands of the whole matter."
During the conference the men told
Mr. Parsons that this was only the j
start of a general strike of all em- : ;
ployes of the Metropolitan Railway
system.
NEW YORK, July IS.— Brooklyn
trolley strike is still on, and In all i
likelihood there will be no end of, the
labor trouble for several days to come, j
Cured Cured! Cured !
From All Parts of California Come Grateful Letters Telling of Cures by
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. .
s-y The value of a treatment is
/: H^AfC^_^%^&l_^^_&' :^^^ N ) ,n its po^ er to cure ' When !t
r 'Pf^^^^^^^^-ff^^^ : cures the wor^ is k° unc * to f ind
l^'^^^^/L^^^^7^3^ *• sick people who are glad to
p -^^^^^f^^^^f^^^^^ now of a remedy which will
.' :^o^^V^^^^^^l^^m ( -=jfe3 overcome their ailments. They
%fllif>^S' t^^^^^^^^^^^l /It^^-' are glad to find something which
jt^^^^^vrv^^^^^^^^f^^^S'^' will give them back the health
<^^^^^\^^^SiF^^^^^^^f Laughlin's Electric Belt never
!r* (^^J^lll! '"r^^fel^ a s - because it gives Elec-
' ■ , g^==~- " <?. under a physician's direction.
It has a record of 10,000 cures. Is the best and safest invigorator ever used.
LATE CURES!
Ci _c *_ v. ________ *. __ i n_.i» I have noticed a eradual Improvement, and can to-day say
Ured Of Rheumatism. ! ggj \ SJ'eSIpSSIJ clred and heartier and stronger than I have
, __«__«„«__,. San Francis™, ral. ! been for years; in I feel like a new person and. Judj n*f
-enr lat« you wiil remember that si Sir: In reply to yours of re- ! from my experience with Belt h»re t* It >aur nelt. and tne>
cent date you will remember that at the time I purchased your | I have advis-d several parties up n "*L to ;*£ your ueit. ana mey
Beit I came to you for advice, as my condition at that time was have done co with success, lours \ery tru i>. HAMLIN
somethir.tr dreadful. I had suffered with sciatica for four years i AL.ry.cu a. xi.r__m_.__>.
and had doctored with some of th» best specialists on this coast. I
but I only grew worse. I commenced the use of your Belt. and. ; ,-. ■ •__. r»..„__.^-|
after using it faithfully. I ran say that I have received a perma- ! I l BP Si\y 'Sl "wUHeU.
nent cure. ; have been free from pain since the fir.* week I ap- ! .' _ ..„,.,. -r_.fff. c* r - T anffered four years
plied the Beif and feel very happy over the results. Thanking you ! ' DR. M A. McLAICHUN-^r Hr I wMM Mr y««
for your advice and assistance while using the Belt I remain. yours ' from partial rfaralysls. poor circulation todigesOOT. d trvtna
very truly. S. C. DUNNING. 572 O'Farrell street. j ion and sleeplessness; In fact I was a total. J*"™ a fter « r > ™*
doctors and medicines with no relief About a month ago I pur
~ . .., ~ . I chased one of your high-grade Belts and wore It as directed. I be-
fleneral WeakneSS Cured IK 3 " to Improve from the first application until to-day lam a well
VJCIICI <\l canllCOO -wui cv ,m^ cur^ ot a „ m allments . and recommend your Belt to all
Sierraville. ral.. May 15, 1899 i sufferers, feeling sure it will do as you say. lours very : sincerely,
DR. V. K. McLAUGHLIN: Since commencing the use of your I 2824 Bush street, San Francisco. r-V. I "*.*
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
Oures when drags fail; cures when the efforts of the best doctors fail; cures when other ways of applying Elec-
tricity fail. It has cured thousands of cases of Nervous and Vital Weakness. Rheumatism. Varicocele, Kidney
Troubles, Stomach Troubles and all the kindred symptoms of these diseases after the failure of all other known
methods. "Why?" Because it is Electricity applied by a physician in a manner taught by thirty years of experi-
ence. Experience teaches. I have had it in plenty, and you can have the benefit of it.
TRY IT. Call and see this famous life-giver and let me show you how simple it is and vet how wonderful
is its work. You can have a free test and free advice at my office. If my Belt will help you I will tell you so;
if not, I will be candid with you and advise you honestly. My reputation and stir-ess have come from fair
treatment of my patients, not from deception. Therefore, let me help you or advise you how to help yourself.
If you cannot call, let me send you my book, devoted to the weaknesses of men; tells the cause of early decay in
youne and middle-aged men. It shows how Electricity, properly applied, will restore this power and gives the
proof. It is free upon application. Call or address
HR M A Mnl Al l 11 1 IN Market. Cor. Kearny, o« ! « Hour 8 -s am. to B*3o p.m.
IIH iVi 11 IVI PI U I 111 HI 111 8. F.. nndFurrlcUßlcck. Sundays. IO to 1.
Mill lII] fli IfIULnUUIIIsiI ll' Cer. Spring and Second. Lot. Angela. -.EVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
1 The company did not run any cars over
j its various lines after dark last evening,
but resumed traffic shortly after 5
■. o'clock this morning. Numbers of cars
i were run over the several lines, but the
, time schedule was not lived up to on
I any one of them, and a fair estimate of
1 the rolling stock in operation would be
1 about 60 per cent. During the day the
j police made several arrests of persons
• who interfered with the progress of the
! cars on the Nassau lines, but no serious
; outbreak occurred until after C o'clock.
' A small riot occurred a few minutes
; after 6 o'clock, in which two men were
: painfully hurt. A mob of some 400
| persons attacked a Fifth avenue car on
i its way into the city at. Sixth street and
Fifth avenue, and Motorman Latham
and Conductor Mulcahy were pulled off
I the car and badly treated. Latham had
his arm broken and Mulcahy received a
fracture of the nose. Several police
men who were in the neighborhood
MRS. ELTRINGHAM'S WEAK
REASON HAS COLLAPSED
Wreckjog of a Happy Home, for Which Johr) W.
ClarK Paid the Penalty With His Life.
Eltringham Killing His Wife's Assailant.
X NGEI_S CAMP, July 18.— The in- J
A cldents surrounding the shooting j
ANGEL.S W. Clark by Henry El- j
cidents surrounding the shooting
of J.hn W. Clark by Henry El-
J_ Jl tringham near Vallecito on Mon
day morning have proved sad in- j
deed. The inquest over and the ex
citement having abated somewhat, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 19, 1899.
1 rushed to the assistance of the motor
■ man and conductor and frightened the
- crowd off by firing their revolvers in
the air. .
Three arrests were made and in less
: than fifteen minutes the cars were run
| ning. The police arrangements for the
' protection of life and property were as
! nearly perfect as possible.
It was remarked during the fore
! noon that trouble might be expected on
■ the Union Elevated railroads, but early
;in the afternoon President Rossiter
; stated that no hitch would occur there.
! The engineers on the elevated system
j had been notified that as soon as the
I third rail, or electric motor system was
i adopted, their wages would be reduced
j from $3 50 to $2 25 per day. The engi
! neers objected to this suggested reduc
| tion, but this afternoon they were as
' sured by the management that the rate
; of wages now- existing would be main-
I tamed.
Master Workman Parsons and Dis
, trict Master Pines were very confident
reaction on Mrs. Eltringham's mind has
set in and the breaking up of the happy
home is complete. Mr. Eltringham was
interviewed by The Call correspondent
and with a heart overflowing with
grief he told of the effect the drug used
by her despoiler had made upon the al
that the strikers would win the fight,
hut judging by the number of cars in
operation to-day the assertions of the
railroad managers that the strike would
fizzle out seem to be well founded. The
strikers are severely handicapped inas
much as that they have no funds to
back them up. and in many instances
there is a sad lack of concerted action
on the part of their leaders.
QUIET IN CLEVELAND.
CLEVELAND. July IS.— Whether or not
the quiet that has prevailed to-day pre
cedes a storm to come in the street rail
way strike is the question that everybody
is asking. The strikers are pursuing dif
ferent tactics from those followed in the
former strike. They are not interfering
with the non-union men who are operat
ing cars, nor will they tell what their
plans are. -•>■-■,'-
The officials of the company also re
fused to talk, but they are operating cars
on several of the lines to-day under po
lice protection without molestation. Prep
arations are being made to resume ope
rations on other lines, and It is apparent
that new men are to be secured as rap
idly as possible to take the places of the
strikers. The State Board of Arbitration
is trying to bring about arbitration, but
thus far no success has attended the ef
forts in that direction.
DECKHANDS STILL OUT.
SACRAMENTO. July IS.— This * after
noon fourteen of the striking steam
boat deckhands went aboard the Sac
ramento Transportation Company's boat
Jacinto, which left for. the upper end
of the valley for a cargo of grain. The
other strikers were threatening trouble,
so the steamer pulled out with a few
men and the ex-strikers were taken up
the river in wagons and shipped when
beyond the city. It Is thought the rest of
the strikers will soon go broke and return
to work.
] ready weak mind of his wife. As the
I drug loses its power over her and she
: realizes the awful scenes she has passed
through her mind plainly shows a weak-
I er condition, and it is feared she will
I evade the vigilance of her watchers
; and take her own life. It is thought it
will be necessary to place her where
! she will be properly treated for her
| malady.
It was learned to-day that one day
| before his fatal visit to the Eltringham
! home Clark visited the home of a
woman between here and Vallecito and
; Insulted the mistress of the house. He
■ was promptly driven off the place.
At an autopsy held this morning it
was ascertained that the bullet tore out
. the heart of the dead man completely
and broke an arm and two ribs. Death
must have been instantaneous. El
; tringham will be held for a preliminary'
- hearing.
The verdict rendered by the Coroner's
jury has met approval. The verdict
exonerating Eltringham is looked upon
as the only one that could have been
! rendered in the face of the testimony.
But there are some who believe that the
sad affair was a premeditated murder.
j The fact that the father and brother
' of Mrs. Eltringham had, with Eltring
: ham, cut off all paths of retreat from
i the Eltringham house, In accordance
with a previous agreement between the
, three, is taken as evidence that they
j had deliberately planned to murder
lark. , *
Clark was a comparative stranger
here. He has been around Vallecito
and Angels .Camp for two weeks or
: more and seemed anxious to obtain
i employment. From the statements
made by Mrs. Eltringham it was gath
ered that the ex-volunteer was familiar
with her family affairs. Although El
tringham did not know Clark, or had
no recollection of having seen him be
fore he fired the fatal shot, Clark knew
Eltringham, whom he described to Mrs.
Eltringham as "that long fellow." and
said that he was afraid of him. He also
knew who her brother was and told how
jhe had ridden to town on a wagon
which Brattos was driving after one
of his expeditions to the Eltringham
place. Brattos did not know Clark. It'
is taken from this that the fiend had
\ carefully noted the time when Mrs. El
tringham would be alone.
STRUCK THE MAN WHO
DEFENDED MAYOR PHELAN
LIVELY SCENE AND ARRESTS AT A SOCIAL GATHERING.
There was a lively row at a banquet
j given by the Sons of St. George Society
j last night at the Alcazar building.
Just before the conclusion of the festivi
. ties Corporal of Police Williams, whose
I duties consist in looking out for Mayor
Phelan's office, arose to make a speech.
i He spoke of Phelan being one of the best
\ Mayors the city ever had, and proceeded
ito eulogize his administration. Edward
i Crasshey, a molder, who was present, ob
j jected to his remarks, and asked him if
I he had been sent to the banquet by the
I Mayor. Some hot words followed, during
j which Crasshey called Williams a
I liar. Williams started for Crasshey and
attempted to strike him in the face.
• Crasshey dodged the blow ar.d planted
h.s right fist on Williams' eye. As the
I latter staggered back Crasshey struck
> him on the jaw, knocking him to the floor.
Knowing that Williams was armed with
' a revolver and fearing that he would
I shoot him. Crasshey dashed from Jhe hall
i and ran down O'Farrell street. Williams
J started after him and failing to overtake
THE RED CROSS
IS ONCE MORE
TO THE FRONT
Will Look After the
Home-Comers.
THAT OVERCOAT QUESTION
— * —
THOUSANDS OF HORSES FOR
THE PHILIPPINES.
♦
They Will Be Sent to the Presidio
to Await Shipment as Fast as
Vessels Can Be Made
Ready.
-.
- — ♦
The Red Cross Society has taken up the
matter of clothing the returning volun
teers, and will probably solve it In some
way within a day or two. It was thought
at one time yesterday the question had
been settled, and Mrs. W. B. Harrington
drove out to the Presidio to tell General
Summers that the department would fur
nish overcoats upon the receipt of the
men, the coats to be returned to the quar
j termaster when the men were mustered
I out. It seems some member of the so
! ciety gained that impression from Colonel
j Long, depot quartermaster, who, on be
i ing asked if he would furnish over
coats, replied that he had orders from
Washington to furnish all the warm
clothing necessary. This was taken to
mean that the clothing would be furnished
free to the men. Colonel Long also said
there had been a number of coats sent out
to the Presidio for the use of the troops,
but General Summers declared he had' not
seen them. Late in the evening Mrs. Har
rington admitted that perhaps there had
been a mistake, and the matter would
looked into further by the Red Cross bo
ciety.  _. __
"I am beginning to believe," Mrs. Har
rington said last night "that the Govern
ment cannot furnish the overcoats to the
men unless by deducting the price from
their money, but we may hear more *
about it to-morrow. If the Government
cannot do it. then we must do it. *je .
must see that every man has all he
wants in the way of clothes, and then j
When he goes home he can turn back to |
us what we have loaned him and we can j
then let some other soldier be benefited. i
Colonel Summers has fixed the clothing i
matter to his own satisfaction by having ;
each captain see that the men he details j
to euard duty shall be provided with !
overcoats. That Is all he can do. he says. ;
unless he order each man to draw one, \
and this he does not contemplate, mere
are about three of four hundred over- j
coats on hand at the regimental head
auarters—not regulation army coats but ,
cheaper ones— which are valued at less
than $5. These he will issue as fast as the
men wish to apply for them but so far
they have shown no Inclination to make
application. .'•■ _ .
The Government is now preparing to
ship cavalry horses by the thousands to
the Philippines and the commandant of
the Presidio Is making ready to receive :
them on their way across the ocean.
Three thousand horses and three hundred
mules have been purchased In the East,
and "they will be hurried out here as fast
as possible. The stables at the post will '
not accommodate more than three hun
dred horses, and the big corral at the
foot of the parade ground and behind the
cavalry stables will be only large enough
Ito accommodate the mules. It looks as
If the greater number of the horses will .
! have to be picketed out, as if they were
i already on the field. It is not yet known
i how many will come in the first install
' ment or how many will be kept at the
! post at one time, but it is expected that
the horses will be hurried on as rapidly
a. possible. "■-.- ■'■ '•
Lieutenant Colonel Maus, the new In
spector general of this department, paid
an official visit to the Presidio yesterday
and inspected all the camps and post
buildings. He found the camps clean and
well policed and the buildings in good con
dition. It was his first inspection since j
taking offlce. «»»_«_*
>; eW s was received from Washington
yesterday that upon the recommendation
of' Major General Shafter Will C. Tre
matne one of the attaches of the office of i
"the adjutant general of this department, *
had been appointed a lieutenant In the I
provisional army now being formed by
the President. Lieutenant Tremalne has
been attached to the department head
quarters for a number of years and was
on the personal staff of General Shafter
during the Cuban campaign. He has not
yet been assigned to any regiment. Tre
maine was in the regular army before he
entered the adjutant general's office.
News has also been received that George
B. Sharon, son of Clarence Sharon, the
mining man and rancher, has been ap
pointed a second lieutenant in the pro
visional army. _; '.
Acting Assistant Surgeon T. A. Mc-
Culloch has been relieved from duty at
the general hospital at the Presidio and
assigned to the camp for recruits.
Second Lieutenant Henry A. Ripley,
Twenty-second Infantry, has been as- ;
signed' to duty with the recruits awaiting I
transportation to Manila.
Major** William W. Gilbert, paymaster,
has been assigned to duty with the chief
paymaster of the Department of Califor
nia.
Captain William B. Reynolds, Four
teenth Infantry, has been assigned to duty
with the recruits.
CRUSHED UNDER TON OF ROCK.
SAUSALITO. July IS.— August Undo, a
workman employed in the quarry at Angel
Island, met with a horrible accident yes
terday while assisting in the loading of a
barge and received injuries of such a na
ture that he died this afternoon. The
unfortunate man suffered intensely from
the time the accident occurred, about 3
..'clock yesterday afternoon, until lie
passed away, and frequently prayed for
death to relieve him of his agony.
"Warring Doctors.
The war between the College of Phy
sicians and Surgeons and the Cooper .Col
lege and medical department of the Uni
versity over the division of wards in the
City and County Hospital was practically
ended at a meeting of the Board of Health
yesterday, when all the medical factions
were represented. The representatives of
the College of Physicians and Surgeons
decided to let Cooper and the medical de
partment of the University have flrst
choice of wards. By the present arrange
ment the College of Physicians and Sur
geons has three and one-half wards and
the other two colleges four wards each.
him lustily blew his police whistle.
Officer Sylvester, seeing Crasshey dash
ing down the street and concluding that
he had committed some serious crime,
gave chase. -. yyf -'■•■.
After running several blocks Sylvester
finally overhauled Crasshey and placed
him under arrest. Williams appeared a
, few minutes later and ordered Sylvester
to place a charge of battery against his
prisoner. He declared that he had a:.
saulted him without provocation and
threatened to invoke the aid of the Mayor
in sending him to jail. =* ,--
Williams' loud tones attracted the at
tention of several hundred people, who
imagined that a murder had been com
mitted. On learning that the prisoner
had merely assaulted a corporal of police
they assailed the latter with cries of
"Lynch him!" "He's no good!" and
"He's a disgrace to the department!"
Evidently thinking that the crowd in
tended to assault him Williams sneaked
away. Subsequently he visited a restau
rant, where he had an oyster placed on
his injured optic in the hope that he
would be in a presentable shape to Dour
forth his woes into the ears of Mayor
Phelan this morning. ~-f-'y~ '•'""
• THI- EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
J£p¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥4^
i Money-Saving* ZSffi&gS. I
¥ * July Cle firing Cloaks and Suits. •*
fr ♦
fr July C earing Women's Furnishings. *
J july Clearing {Millinery. %
* Sale of the Crane Stock of Mens Fur- J
* nishings at 65c on the Dollar. J
* Special One-day sacs of articles in popular J
t demand. See daily "ads." •«
* free* CAuroftntAS labgcst-America's owidest store. fig?* 1 0/ I
* fl
¥ / *
fr / *
! Remnants of Colored I
I Dress Goods * Half Price \
J (Special Sale To-Day Only)* J
* To immediately dispose of all remnants of Colored Dress Goods *
J — the accumulation of the busy season almost over — we offer them +
* to-day at one- It of the already reduced prices at which they are fl
J now marked. This is a rare chance to secure waist, skirt or *
fr lengths for children's dresses of the newest fabrics at prices that fl
*it will pay you to investigate. The offer is for Wednesday only. J
J Wednesday Sale of Wednesday Sale of*
¥ fcSL Ladies' Shoes Hand- j
fr \£7*S||f Ladies' Black Vici Kid nCf— C^i *
* r.IK Lace Shoes, vesting cloth chiefs* Y\JX _0-» *
* t»*ViS tops, new opera toe 1 , pat- „ , ,- '."iilnMlj —
* b^O. '«* leather tips, sewed For lo ff da y on %j¥n. 1
¥ ib v "rA * *._• • jwe offer a o7 AW_o^\-*i ♦
X /Vv\»^?k soles, easy fitt-ng, gives good , c v . . ,T - ,\(* -vflc^f,;, 2
fr G&J-^S service Biz3B 3« dozen lot of La- \ /_ tTt*^-*^- A
¥ \ V.,>T(_ 5, regularly $1 dies Hemstitch- //j^f /TV** ».«' J
fr VS^^ to 5, regularly £ die* Hemstitch- --^f fl
J x^fr^=*JL_3^v -an exceptional ed Lawn Hand- _%r_-\\l '; .h I tSn *♦
fr \_. — an exceptional ,  , . „ //,■' y\{ ,)/H fl
* V^J^ bargain at to- kerchiefs, full yj£ %IJO fl
»^^ = =*»^' a X special size f and fine Vr^T'^^A *
da\ s special ... . \\ -V^^^i fl
i >« 94 quality, regular \\ - * ---/ VT, \ «
y P rice $U23 value 8«c each \v^/ "W *
fr v JJ value 8'- 3 c each \xy fl
t Wednesday Sale " at — — «
t of Sheet Music* Wednesday Sale J
* For to-day only we oler a limited! LaCC CUt*ta\nS* ■ *
'i quantity of ten popular pieces of sheet » T ''_r. -■■-■. . *_.___.._ __ j *
♦* iv-*'3- *.„a ;_.^i»,i„ f«^ q^„ o Nottingham Lace Curtains, 3 yards fl
I music that retail regularly for doc a. ,°. ____. __*• _nji
fr . , & j ort*» long, chirm-.n^ fish-net designs, ruffled *
a copy for - *ZUC y' , *  °. j ai
* tt, »ii i]~*. edges, colors ecru or white, strong and ~
fr H-res the nst: -. v„ t-*.,' x.-«,._.t, durable, 40 pairs only, regularly $I—on1 — on 4
..^._. r-, . »c .. w t~* _.-..,.-,., durable, 40 pairs only, regularly $I—on1 — on V,
¥ Oh. Promise Me," by De Koven. . ,' 1 . J ". J . fl
fr "She Was Bred in Old Kentucky." special sale to-day, per pair ZOO J
fr "My Black Bess." Nottingham Lace Curtains, 3j^ yards J
fr "i?. ?_ l a . rev -b _ ™ *. long, choice Arabian designs, fish-net «
T "The Moth and the Flame. 7' . ..." onri . »
* "Ma Rag-Time Baby" (song). centers, colors ecru or white, 200 pairs. <
¥ "i Don't Like No Cheap Man." regularly $I—on1 — on special sale to-day, per fl
* "Crimson Chain." Da _ r 780 *
fr "I Love You in the Same Old Way." P air *°" +
fr "La Bouton March and Two-Steji." ' J
* mmm -*~ : o , Wednesday Sale *
* Wednesday Sale of Groceries* J
J Of LtqUOrS* iowa sweet Corn-Morning J
fr Shaw's Pure Malt — You can- Beauty Brand, the ver/ best, regularly J
fr not buy Better, regularly $1 bottle — on 10c can — to-day, 7 cans for 5Qc *
* sale to-day at...... 80c Rolled Wheat— best quality **
* Port or Sherry— Full quart to-da>, 12 lbs for ....2So fl
* bottles, regularly 50c — to-day on>y, 4 Rolled Oats — "Eastern," sweet fl
* bottles for Sl.OO \ and clean— to-lay, 11 lbs for 25c **
____——_—______—- _ "»
l items from Crane Stock i
t Now Being Sold at 65c on the Sim J
J %An excellent assortment of Men's Furnishings from the well- *
fr known (Montgomery-street haberdasher, who has closed out the busi- *
* ness to the bis store. fl
¥ ° ■ *
fr Crane's 50c Ualaundered Shirt?, men's, all
¥ __^\ sizes * 380 fl
& X.*A Crane's 75c Boys' Stanley Shirts 38c *
** __^--4j^_ Crane's 85c and $1 Colored Stiff Bosom J
* /^^^gv y^_J_fe^ Shirts, ail men's sizes 39c J
¥ f\ I A J^^^' Crane's $1 Monarch and L.ominster White fl
* /Vi t^^ -^ i /^/S_R_£. Laundered Shins - 68c *
* f^fX^-^^^SKfJ/J/P^^^i. Crane's 25c Neckwear, all sorts /£© *
fr WfnJn^^^Jy^)i^^^i Crane's 35? Summer- weight Pink or B ; us J
* M&te\^-\-_WWFit >\\\yyj%^^^ ' Shirts or Drawers »flf? 3.
¥ £//^^S /'I Vs^fFfl& Crane's 75c Vicuna Merino U iderwear.3ffc fl
J "it^r/!j \/( &yfJth Crane's $1.25 16-thread Balbriggans, Low- fl
* I ''O®^/ rev's make 69c fl
J V/ Crane's $1.25 L : ght Blue Wool Underwear, «
fr Shirts or Drawers, all sizes 83c *
* Crane's 25c Natural Wool Hose 16c Crane*' soc Hole-prosf Sox, about 15 J
J Crane's £0c Vicuna Merino H<>se../_? A C dozen only 33c *
i Crane's 20c Merino Hose... 1&G Crane's 10c Colored Border Hanuker-
J Crane's 10c Black Cotton Hose WO chiefs ...5 C «
gw^, *********** **********************&
BLACK DRAUGHT
HER DEATH POTION
Continued from First Page.
Hotel Waldorf-Astoria in New York
City.
She was left penniless but in some
way, possibly realizing on her jewels,
she secured funds with which to return
to San Francisco and arrived here three
weeks ago. She went at once to Bailey
and pleaded to be taken back, but dur
ing her absence he had made other ar
rangements; another fair one was rul
ing the hearth at 110 Jones street.
A few nights later after a whirl
across the Ellis-street divide, which
was interrupted only as often as the
absinthe . could be frozen. Florence
broke in on the peace and quiet at the
Jones street apartments with an idea
of doing harm to hersuccessor. The dis
turbance she raised was of such ample
proportions that she was ordered out
by the landlady and Bailey received an
ultimatum not to let it happen again.
Then drink got the upper hand. Flor
ence became melancholy and brooded
over her troubles almost constantly. Her
prosperous past was dead to her: she
had gone her pace and in eight 'hort
years had found the finish. Between
brooding and drinking she worked her
self into another frenzy and a few days
ago again went to Bailey's stable. She
found him just about to drive out and
seizing the carriage whip from its
socket she used it on him without
mercy:
Then she went home and took car
bolic acid.
Prompt work saved her life, and on
Friday last she was able to leave her
rooms. She telephoned to one of her
companions, Lil Nelson, and her
mother, forsaking Senator Bettman for
the night. The three left for the cele
bration at the Chutes. Their night was
one of drunken revelry and abandoned
gayety. Florence was almost feverish
in her high spirits; the melancholy that
had clung to her was drowned in a cold
i green bath.
*
Between 3 and 4 o'clock in the morn
ing she left her mother and the Nelson
woman without warning and took the
first car she could catch into town. Ar
rived at Market street, she made her
way rapidly to Bailey's rooms, where
she raised another disturbance. Bailey
came out to her and begged her to be
quiet. He said he would get a carriage
and they would find other rooms, and
she promised to wait there until he had
done so.
But, either doubting Bailey's good
faith or laboring under another fit of
melancholy, she broke her promise and
hurried out to her home and stole qui
etly in. Without rousing any one she
made her way to her room, where for
days she had kept concealed a bottle of
laudanum.
Her determination to suicide had not
come in a moment. Since she had been
deserted in New York she had thought
of it, and as her melancholy increased
the idea became so fixed in her mind
that it was always with her. Her let
ters indicated it, as did her conversa
: tion. Life to her was so cheap as to be
scarcely worth the taking.
But she took the draught, and an
hour or so later her almost lifeless body
was found dressed as she had returned
from her night at the Chutes.
To hush the matter up was the first
matter to which the attention of Sena
tor Bettman and his mistress, the dead
girl's mother, was turned. If it be
came known that she had suicided the
whole disgraceful story of the riotous
life at the Devisadero-street house
would transpire at the inquest.
Bettman decided that it would be best
to have the body taken at. once to the
Columbarium and there cremated, but
here the dead girl's brother. Royal Par
ker of Fresno, stepped in. He had
stood the disgraceful state of affairs for
years, he said, but he would not stand
any such cold-blooded scheme as Bett
man proposed. His sister's body should
be buried with that of his father in
the cemetery at Stockton, and this
Bettman, although the head of the
house, was compelled to assent to.
He went to the proper people, how
ever, and making use of his entreaties
and political pull induced them to de
cide that Florence Parker had died of
I dilation of the heart and kindred
j troubles.
I She was buried yesterday at Stock
ton.
56
fI^JL.,-. a /S^^w J __F-__nTMrl
IK OJP <*tMg&Ssz^, lft 33144
y' .
WEDNESDAY JULY 19, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 187*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CEXTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $o.o<
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 8 months I.CO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 86«
SUNDAY CALL* One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year I- 00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESB.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman Houpe; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel; i
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. .
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. Corresoondcnt.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until ]
9:30 o'clocK- 639 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
c'clocK- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- NW- corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clocK-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Lord and Lady Algy."
California— "The Dancing Girl."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Blue Beard."
Alcazar— "The New Magdelen."
Grand Opera House— "Olivette."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Cake Walkers to-night.
AUCTION SALES.
By B. W*atkl ns— Thursday, July 20, Horses, at 310 Golden
Gate avenue.
— jcaui^fr —
THE EXAMINER'S OVERCOATS.
THE CALL sincerely hopes that the Oregon
volunteers, who are among the 'hardiest soldiers
fhat were furnished by .the northern part of the
United States, may not attempt to protect themselves
from the winds and the fogs incident to the climate
of San Francisco by wearing the underclothing or the
overcoats furnished by the Examiner. So far as we
are advised we are unaware that any of these articles
has ever become visible to the naked eye. But we can
assure the volunteers that, if they should materialize
under atmospheric or other influences, they will turn
out to be things of shreds and patches, without
warmth and open to all the cold and driving mists
that occasionally float through the Golden Gate.
The Government, the press and the people are
united in deep appreciation of the valor, the endur
ance -and the intelligent patriotism displayed by our
volunteer forces in the Philippines. The bright citi
zen soldiery of Oregon have deserved and have re
ceived conspicuous honors. But they did not require
the insolent pretensions of the Examiner to secure
for themselves ordinary protection against the
weather, for which there is the most ample provision
in the army regulations and in the Government stores
in San Francisco. Each of these representatives of
Northwestern devotion to our national institutions is
entitled to exercise his option by taking an overcoat
or the sum of $11 69, which represents its cost.
Many of them have preferred to save the money, and
have made other arrangements for their own com
fort and for their own health entirely satisfactory to
themselves. There is and there has been no red tape
that in any way obstructed or interfered with them.
No action of any kind by the President of the United
States or by General Miles, or by any department or
officer of the Government, outside of the usual rou
tine, was necessary to facilitate them in any precau
tionary measures they may have desired to take.
~- *„ • •'"..'-'_ 1 _1 T) ■__
Th.c Examiner is well understood on the Pacific
Coast, and in its vulgar assumption of some mys
terious power it could exercise for the benefit of the
Oregon volunteers it has simply added one more il
lustration to the volume it has already produced of its
ineradicable delusions. Its entire stock in trade ap
parently consists of virulent egotism, displayed in
hysterical type. Each successive incident in its career
has been a phase of paresis. It offered a reward of
fifty thousand dollars for the discovery of the crim
inal who destroyed the Maine. It appointed a com
mission of its own to regulate the official representa
tives of the Government. It adopted a "national
policy." the essential point of which was the incor
poration of the Philippines as American territory and
of the Filipinos as our fellow citizens. It then pro
claimed an "internal policy," which still parades its
glaring absurdities at the head of its editorial page. It
has produced fabricated interviews with some of the
potentates of the earth, having both terrestrial and
spiritual functions, in which it pretended to deal with
them on the footing of an independent power.
The latest aspect of this extraordinary lunacy or
idiocy is the publication of editorial letters addressed
to President McKinley, usually signed by the pro
prietor of the Examiner, through which unread in
structions are conveyed to the Government. In this
category the absurd telegram about the overcoats is
included. The performance was interesting on ac
count of its grotesque absurdity. In the daily walks
of life examples of vanity or egotism are not uncom
mon, but it is rarely that those diseases are the only
characteristic features of a daily newspaper.
The Oregonian volunteers will not shiver in this
balmy climate, where popular enthusiasm alone would
almost keep them warm, but they would certainly find
the Examiner overcoats in the nature of wet blankets.
The Philadelphia Press, an acknowledged mouth
piece of the administration, says editorially that if the
allegations of the correspondents at \Janila are sus
tained by investigation Major General Otis will be
removed. The General would better begin packing
his trunks.
Friends of Superior Judge Murasky were some
what alarmed last week by the report that he had
Lung trouble. Their minds were considerably
eased when they discovered that he was only suffer
ing: from a pun perpetrated in a navy divorce case.
DYER LOYALTY.
CAPTAIN N. MAYO DYER has landed in Bos
ton and immediately indulged in an expression
of opinion and belief, to the effect that all anti
imperialists are traitors, and that the time has arrived
by his watch to suppress them. The captain lays
down the law to the effect that citizens who do not
support a national administration are disloyal. He
plunges into print up to where he parts his name, and
lectures the American people, who pay his salary, as
if they were Filipinos adjudged incapable of self
government.
His idea of our institutions has the trent of sim
plicity. The people owe loyalty to the President an.l
must support whatever the President is doing. When
the President says that acquisition of territory by con
quest is criminal aggression and opposed to our na
tional morality the people must say "amen!" When
the President changes, and spends eight hundred
thousand dollars a day in an attempt to acquire the
Philippines by conquest, and the facts are kept from
the people whose money is being spent in that ad
| venture, Captain Dyer insists that any opposing citi
| zen is a traitor, and this horse marine desires to sup
press him.
The logic of Captain Dyer is a twin to that of Dip
lomat John Barrett. According to it, when the Presi
dent said that conquest of territory was criminal ag
gression all the imperialists were traitors and should
have been suppressed, and the anti-imperialists were
loyalists. Then the President suddenly said "Wig
wag" and "Thumbs down," and the imperialists,
purged of treason, made faces at the disloyal anti
imperialists.
Captain Dyer has perhaps grown rusty on salt water
in respect to the nature of our Government and the
citizen's duty toward it. When he entered the navy
'he took an oath to support the constitution of the
United States and defend its principles and to obey
the orders of his superiors. The President of the
United States, commander-in-chief of the army and
navy, is Captain Dyer's superior officer, whose orders
he must obey. But the captain seems to think that he
is the superior of the plain tax-paying citizens, and
that they must obey him as he obeys the President.
This Nickel Neptune is in error. He may be sur
prised to learn that the American people do not take
an oath of loyalty and obedience to him or the Presi
dent. He seems to fancy that at some stage in the
proceedings every citizen takes an oath something like
this:
I do solemnly swear that I will true allegiance
and obedience render to Captain X. Mayo Dyer, and
in all matters relating to the policy of the National
Government, forsaking all others, will cleave to his
opinion until he changes it.
But this seadog is on the wrong trail. The only
oath of allegiance taken by the people cf this country
is to support the constitution. When they hear a
major general in our army declare that the constitu
tion is obsolete, and that imperialism has no use for it
nor the Declaration of Independence, they naturally
protest against a policy which requires repudiation of
every foundation principle of our Government. For
making and publishing this protest Captain Dyer
would have them punished as traitors, not to the con
stitution, nor to the Government, but to the Presi
dent!
Now, while it is true that a pious person over in
Oakland has announced that President McKinley de
rives his authority not from the people but from God
direct, and proves by texts running from early in
Genesis to late in Revelation, that the wholesale
slaughter of the Filipinos was being divinely planned
while the universe was chewing prehistoric peanuts at
the first matinee, and when the morning stars sang
together, and that Major McKinley was really nomi- j
nated in a celestial caucus and sprung on the Ameri- j
can people as a miracle, there be those who are ;
skeptical. The Kaiser and Captain Dyer are suffi- j
cient for talking partners in the scheme for running
the world by divine right.
The captain should be informed that our institutions
are like water. You may draw your hand edgewise
through it and there seems to be no resistance, but
hit it a flat blow and it is as unyielding as steel. He
and a few other military and civil fools are playing
with the principles of our Government. They seem
to be having all the fun, but when they get ready to |
deal a blow the unyielding work of the fathers will j
stand, and those who would destroy it will be shat
• ...••.-■ ..'
tered.
CROP PROSPECTS FOR THE YEAR.
rROM reports contained in the Crop Circular for j
June, issued by the United States Department of I
Agriculture, it appears there is to be a shortage
in the wheat output of the world and in the apple and
the peach crop of the United States. The outlook for
good prices for such farm products is therefore ex
cellent.
In regard to the apple crop the circular says: "In
the thirteen States having 3,000,000 or more apple
trees in bearing at the last census the condition on
June 1, as compared with the average June condition
for the last fifteen years, was as follows: New York.
1 above; Pennsylvania, 6 below; Michigan, 14 below;
Missouri, 2 above; Illinois, 8 above; Indiana, 5 above;
Kansas, 4 above; Kentucky, no difference; Tennes
see, 2 above; Virginia, 3 below; North Carolina, 4
below; lowa, ii below, and Maine, 31 below."
The peach crop, it is announced, will probably
come as near being a total failure as it ever will come
in a country of such vast extent and such varied cli
matic conditions as the United States. With the ex- \
ception of California, where the conditions indicate
from 75 to 95 per cent of a full crop, there is not a
State that has the promise of so much as two-thirds
of a normal crop; few look for even a half crop, and |
in many important peach-growing States there will be I
practically no crop whatever. In the last-named
category must be placed Pennsylvania, Delaware,
Georgia, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, Alabama,
Tennessee 'and Kentucky!
Preliminary returns of the wheat crop for this
country show that of twenty States having 10,000
acres or more devoted to that product six report an
increase of acreage over that of last year amounting
in all to 245,000 acres, while fourteen report a de- I
crease aggregating 715,000 acres, so that there will be
a net decrease for the whole country of about 470,000
acres. The average condition of the crop, moreover,
is reported as but 91.4, as compared to an average of
100.0 at the corresponding season of last year.
Reports from foreign countries indicate a decrease
elsewhere in the crop. It is stated the Russian re
ports represent winter grain crops, both wheat and
rye, as almost destroyed by drought, by which the
spring grains also had been severely injured and
would soon be beyond help unless relieved by rain.
It is evident that the crop of bread grain for the em
pire as a whole cannot be a good one. notwithstanding
that for a few localities which have been heard from
the reports are generally favorable. It has even been
suggested that the crop may not exceed that of 1897.
A somewhat hotter showing is made for the crop of
France, which, next to Russia, is the largest and most
important wheat-producing country in Europe, but i
even there the yield is not expected to equal that cf |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY,- JULY 19, 1899.
last year. An official estimate, issued May 10, reports
that while the area under wheat is about the same as
in the preceding season, the condition is 5 per cent
lower, which indicates the crop will be about 20,000,
--000 bushels less than that of 1898.
A British commercial estimate cited by the circular
tentatively puts the world's wheat crop, of 1899 at
2,504,000,000 bushels, against 2,748,000,000 bushels in
1898, a reduction of 244,000,000 bushels, or nearly 8.9
per cent. Another estimate makes a reduction of
352,000,000 bushels.
These estimates are of course largely matters of
speculation. It is as yet too early to determine with
anything like accuracy what the outcome will be.
They are based, however, on the best information the
Government can obtain, and are, therefore, valuable
as indications of the probabilities of the crops for the
year. The outlook as shown by them is encouraging
for California, and our farmers and orchardists may
reasonably expect a season of more than ordinary
prosperity, with good prices for both grain and fruit.
WHATEVER questions of law may be here
after raised in respect to the municipal assess
ment for the present fiscal year, the action of
the Board of Supervisors on Monday last, and espe
cially of its Rei üblican members, is a new and an
honorable precedent in the history of San Francisco.
The astute lawyers and manipulators who represent
the corporations may have cards up their sleeves, but
that will not alter the fact that, for once, a pledge has
been kept and at least an approach toward equality
in assessments secured.
The Call does not dispute the proposition that, in
the distribution of credit for this desirable result,
there are Democrats who are entitled to their legiti
mate share. But the brag of the Examiner and its
pretended claim that the substantial approach toward
justice that the completed equalization discloses is
due to the action of Assessor Dodge is unwarrantable.
While it is true that the Assessor raised the valuations
of the personal property of the Market Street Rail
way Company and of other corporations, it is equally
true that he carefully and unjustly preserved the dis
proportion between corporations and private citizens
that had so long existed. He was compelled to ad
mit that, in the case of ordinary property-owners, he
had adopted a percentage of from 75 to 90, while cor
porations had been appraised at from 50 to 60 per cent
of the market value of their bonds, franchises and
other property, and the only reason he could assign
for this discrimination was his fear that he might be
suspected of "cinching" propensities.
The Assessor's argument was as fallacious as the
boasting of the Examiner was absurd. The only true
rule is that of substantial equality before the law.
Corporations and individuals, in the theory of taxa
tion, are upon a level. Neither are entitled to the
slightest advantage over the other. Under any just
system of assessment, the value of all property, with
out reference to its ownership, should be fairly ascer
tained and an undiscriminating rate of percentage
adopted. But, if this precision is unattainable and if
some inequalities are inevitable, then aggregated and
swollen capital and not private citizens should be sub
jected to the highest rate.
The Examiner demands credit for its efforts to
elect Assessor Dodge. But it was owing to this par
ticular officer that the greatest inequalities were intro
duced into the assessment, and had not the Board of
Supervisors, so far as was practicable under existing
conditions, rectified this inequality and by its method
of equalization kept the entire valuation of property
within reasonable limits, not only would small prop
erty-owners have been sacrificed but the municipality
would have been placed at the mercy of the State.
The essential point to be observed is that a large
quantity of property that in former years has fraudu
lently escaped from any contribution to municipal ex- j
penditure has now been forced out of its seclusion,
and that while it is still relieved from a full share of
the public burthens, a long stride has been made
toward an honest interpretation of the constitutional
and statutory provisions on the subject of taxation. j
The corrupt politicians who have been used by the
Huntington monopoly and by other kindred organi- j
zations to cheat the average citizen and to buy ex
emption for their employers for once have failed.
Some preparations at least have been made for a com
plete trial of the merits of the new charter.
The year has marked the commencement of a new
era in municipal and in State politics, and in the prac
tical administration of the various departments of
government. Republican integrity in the Legislature
was^oo much for Dan Burns. Republican and Demo
cratic integrity in the Board of Supervisors overcame
all the machinations of the plotters of the Market
•Street Railway Company. Now there has been an
approximation toward justice in local taxation, for j
which also the Board of Supervisors, and not the Ex- I
aminer or Assessor Dodge, are to be commended.
The prospects of the Republican party in the ap- |
proaching campaign have been greatly brightened by ■
the events of the past few weeks.
AN EXPERIMENT WORTH TRYING.
AN association known as "The German House
wives' Society" has presented to the Municipal
Assembly of New York City a petition praying
that the city government undertake an official inves
tigation of the conditions of domestic service,' with the
object, as stated in the petition, of bringing about a
better understanding between mistress and maid.
The movement can hardly be called another step in
the direction of paternalism, for the paternal head of
a family is not charged with the solution of servant
girl problems. It is a tendency toward maternalism
in municipal affairs, and, that being something new in
civic development, the experiment is wortn trying —
at least it is worth trying on the other side of the
continent.
Something is needed just now to add to the gayety
of nations. Our comedies are dull, our farces are
coarse, our funny men have gone stale, and all the
humorists have climbed the chestnut tree. There
fore why not turn the Municipal Assembly of New
York loose to investigate the relations,* the duties and
the troubles that exist between the housewife and the
servant girl? The scheme is quite feasible and the re
sults are sure to be entertaining.
It would require no great amount of imagination
to construct a good plot for a comic opera out of
the proceedings of a committee of city authorities
gravely interfering between mistress and maid. It is
true the petition for such interference has come from
housewives, but it is safe to say that if it be under
taken the housewives as well as the servant girls will
turn up their noses at the masculine presumption, and
perhaps have hysterics if it be persisted in.
Nevertheless we repeat the thing is worth trying,
and the Tammany Aldermen are the very men to be
appointed to try it. The contest between- the tiger
and the woman is just the thing we need to enliven
the dullness of the summer season.
*B*ammmmma*mm**M*mm**u
"Silver Bill" Bryan is not so slow. Lately he has
been refusing to attend any dinner above the dollar
limit. He does not want to be taken for a
Gorman-dizer. - .
ASSESSMENTS EQUALIZED.
HOTEL THAT TRAVELS ON WHEELS.
Folds Up When Not In Use and Handled Like an Ordinary
Baggage Car.
ONE of the most remarkable of the recent inventions upon
which the Patent Office authorities have been called to
pass judgment in a traveling hotel, the designer of which
thinks he ha* filled a long-felt want by constructing a por
table habitation for traveling circuses or camping parties who
do not wish to be at the mercy of local hotel keepers.
The hotel on wheels is made, of aluminum, and is so con
structed as to fold up like a railroad car, and to appear, when
closed, to be an ordinary baggage car. When the stopping
place is reached and the travelers wish to camp for the night
the sides of the car are let down by means of a series of levers.
The inventor has divided his traveling hotel into, compart
ments, so that the party, if it be a large one, can be separated
LET PATRIOTS BE CONSISTENT.
Editor of The Call— Sir: As an American of Irish birth I beg to express my
warmest sympathy with the views set forth in your editorial in The Call of
July 13 entitled "A Holy War."
Consistency, truth and justice permeate every paragraph of your excellent
article, which deals honestly and fearlessly with a vital question— a new "im
pending conflict" — the affairs of our country.
Nearly forty years ago a true Irishman, who subsequently won the laurels
of a Union general (Charles G. Halpine, known in letters as "Private Myles
O'Reilly"), with sad resentment from his patriotic heart penned the lines:
"Tear down the flaunting lie,
"' Half-mast the starry flag;
Insult no sunny sky
With hate's polluted rag."
The sentiments thus expressed (in the New York Tribune) were regarded
as disloyal, traitorous, etc., by many well meaning but misguided people of
that period. But to the millions who believed that human beings with immor
tal souls could not and should not be sold as chattels at the auctioneer's
block under the shadow of a flag claimed to be "the flag of the free," the ut
terance of the poet bore an entirely different significance.
The Call to-day, to its honor be it said, substantially enunciates the same
principle which the poet proclaimed to the confusion and shame of certain
demagogic politicians and orators of that period.
To peoples as well as individuals the truth is not always sweet and flatter
ing. On the contrary, it is often bitter and humiliating. In our heart of
hearts to-day we revere the loyalty, courage and unswerving patriotism of our
"gallant soldiers and sailors, whose matchless bravery on land and sea has
evoked the admiration of the world. But the glorious achievements of sol
diers and sailors— solemnly sworn to obedience — and the merits of the cause in
which a higher power uses and utilizes their prowess and daring are questions
entirely separate and distinct. What are the lessons of history to some of our
fellow-citizens who at the present time are essaying to mold public opinion
upon a subject which all thoughtful men must regard as a crucial test of our
nation's claims and standing as the friend and protector of liberty and human
rights? Alas, how applicable are the words of the illustrious Madame Roland:
"Oh, Liberty! Liberty! How many crimes are committed in thy name." '.'."fy
If some of my Irish friends and fellow countrymen who delight to indulge
in flights of vehement oratory upon the wrongs and sufferings of the land that
bore us could only see in the unquestionably brave and still unconquered Fili
pinos a picture of their own ancestors, likewise brave and liberty-loving, who
in the bogs and behind the sweet smelling hawthorne hedges of Ireland fought
to the death the troopers of Cromwell and the "bloody year" of '98, they, the
aforesaid friends and fellow countrymen, would for shame's sake change the
tone of their orations. Nothing seems worse in the speech, of a public man
than glaring inconsistency and an utter disregard of principle.
Shakespeare must have known of such a style of oratory when he wrote:
"What damned error, but some sober brow
Will bless it, and approve it with a text,
Hiding the grossness with fair ornament?"
The Rev. Mr. Hensons, the Whitelaw Relds and also certain" gentlemen
nearer home should carefully examine their "brows" and determine whethe:
or not they are of the "sober" type described by the immortal bard of Avon. :
San Francisco, July IS, 1599. . JUSTICE.
VIEWS OF COAST EDITORS.
on the
Great Automobile Race.
The automobile is on its way westward.
Mr. and Mrs. John Davis, the occupants,
made the start Thursday morning from
the Herald building, Xew York City, and
will come by road to San Francisco, a
distance by shortest railroad of 3250 miles,
| and by the highways that must be taken
j four or live hundred miles farther. This
! will be a historical trip.
| The new horseless vehicle has come to
stay; or, rather, that the capitalists in
terested in its manufacture believe that
it has. may be inferred from the fact that
the Electric Vehicle Company of New
i York has placed orders for the autos to
l the value of $5,000,000. The company will
i be turning out the vehicles the latter part
I of the present month.
J Alas, poor horse!— Santa Monica Out
look.
* » *
From the signs the automobile will be
! all the rage, as the bicycle was a few
| years ago. Great interest is manifested
in the proposed experiment of The Call-
Herald in their scheme of sending Mr.
and Mrs. John D. Davis from New York
| to San Francisco in an automobile.
• cent City X* wp.
■ m ■
EXTRAVAGANT
"BLUE BEARD"
AT THE TIVOLI
No hours of deep thought exhausted the
brain of the author when the libretto of
"Blue Beard" was building. In a merry
mood he sat him down and wrote —
and occasionally they rhymed. Hence it
ls not the beautifulest, most moving or
finest writ we have seen in a twelvemonth,
and withouten a bit of right good cook
ing by the cast it might breed Indigestion.
Old English comes to the pen by right of
environment, for the scenic artist—
wizard! — has accomplished the feat of
showing us, under the minarets of Tur
key, the ancestraf piles of our British
ancestors in close and grotesque perspect
ive!' It is just possible that even ex
travaganzas can be a shade too extrava
gant. When there are so many clever
ways of being funny to choose from why
offend the eye? The third set is well
treated if a little startling. It is as clear,
flat, dry and unatmospheric as a picture
by Gerome, and makes a flne background
for the incongruous, inharmonious figures
that move across the stage. And they are
inharmonious. No color scheme seems to
actuate the grouping and grace and
rhythm lose their charm in the clash that
results. Even the lights are badly chosen.
At times they give one a sea-sick feeling.
All this ugliness is made the medium for
some really beautiful soli and choruses
and some exceedingly clever dancing and
specialty work. Miss Walker's song from
the balcony was so beautifully sung that
no one would suspect the metallic quality
that later work discloses in her voice.
She seems, however, a singer of experi
ence and an actress of no mean ability.
The couleurature in her voice, if of the
unfinished order, is agreeable and will
please the majority. Miss Myers sang
her song of "Jack" to spontaneous ap
plause and a well-deserved encore. Mr.
Pruette is "much less than kind" to him
self when he accepts the part of Sister
i Anne, but the audience finds him funny
in the various sections of the building, occupying, if they wish,
apartments en suite or a single room. The rooms are to be fitted
up in the modern style, with all conveniences, including elec
tric light, electric bells, electric cooking apparatus, and the
inventor is even working on a system that he thinks will en
able the occupants of the hotel to reach the upper story by
means of an electric eievator.
The furniture designed for the car is, of course, mostly or
the folding variety, and can be stowed away in a very small
compass when not in use. When the stopping place is reached
the car is to be detached from the train and taken to a con
venient siding, where there Is ample room for the spreading
of the sides and the elevation of the roof that form the hotel.
and perhaps this compensates for the sac
rifice. Mr. Stevens has ever a wav of
being amusing without effort and as Hans
Fritz Ibrahim the quality stands him in
good stead. So stupid are the lines given
him to speak that he gets his biggest
laughs by belaboring his lunch counter
victims (rather clever types by the wav)
with French loaves and custard pie's.
Given the right lines no one can make a
point better than Mr. Stevens. Why is
he not given them? Will not some one
with a trick for rhyme lend his intelli
gence to a worthy libretto? For the man
who does, nothing in this world will be
too good, and when he dies no cemetery
will be worthy of his remains.
Of the two dances "The Man and the
Maid" is by far the prettier and would
be better named "The Butterfly and the
Beetle."
Now a word as to coster songs. They
are a realm into which few may venture
with impunity and it does not subtract
from the value of the cast to say they
are not found on the Tivoli stage. Peo
ple who sing coster songs well usually do
nothing else. Mr. Branson was the only
one who caught their spirit and even in
his case another choice would have been
wiser. The extravaganza, thanks to the
gift of enthusiasm, is playing to large
houses and much applause, but will be
withdrawn at the close of the week to
give place to "Wang." in which Mr.
Stevens does excellent work.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. W. Truman of Los Angeles is at the
Occidental.
Mrs. E. C. Morno of Dawson is regis
tered at the Palace.
L. F. Doollttle, a well-known journalist
of Los Angeles, Is at the Grand.
Dr. A. S. McDaniels of San Antonio,
Texas, Is registered at the Russ.
H. T. Jones, a large rancher of Walnut
Creek, is a guest at the Grand.
Count Nevan of Austria has returned
to the city and is again at the Palace.
F. C. and W. J. Berry, Klondike mil
lionaires, are registered at the Lick from
Capitola.
Lieutenant Johnson and wife have re
turned from Honolulu and are staying at
the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Cushing have come
over from San Rafael and are registered
at the California. •',;
J. "W. Barbour and P. Mcßae. commis
sion merchants of Hanford, are regis
tered at the Lick.
George F. Heusner, passenger agent of
the New York Central at Portland, Or.,
is at the Occidental.
S. E. Hazzard, a wealthy mining man
of Tucson, Ariz., is among those who ar
rived yesterday at the Palace.
W. H. Davenport, general agent of the
Union Paciflc, has left for Omaha on a
business trip. He will be gone several
weeks.
W.G. Nevin and J. R. Hlchcock. prom
inent railroad men of Los Angeles, are
at the Palace on a short business trip to
the city.
Robert Matchorn. Special Commissioner
of Immigration, is a guest at the Palace,
where he arrived yesterday from Wash
ington, D. C. fyffy
C. G. Morton and L. F. Luckee, two
United States army officers, are staying
at the Occidental, where they arrived
yesterday: Mrs. Morton accompanies her
husband.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 18.— Thomas Doran
of San Francisco is at the Bartholdl.
Henry D. Bowering of Los Angeles is at
the Vendome. The following San Fran
ciscans were pasengers on the steamer
St. Paul for Southampton to-day: Albert
Parry, Miss Helen Preston, Marcus Smith.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FULL PAY— M., City. An acting as
sistant surgeon of the United States army
while on sick leave Is allowed full pay.
CRIBBAGE— D. C, City. According to
Hovle four deuces in the game of cribbage
Is a double royal pair, and its value ls
twelve points.
SHAFTER'S APPOINTMENTS — En
quirer, City. W. R. Shafter, commanding
the Department of the Pacific, was ap
pointed brigadier in the regular army
May 3. 1897, and was commissioned major
general of volunteers May 4. 1898.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'3.'"
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), oil) Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. iv?- '
Sudden Death.
John Donahue, aped 46. fell dead yester
day afternoon at the corner of Broadway
and Kearny street. An inquest will be
held. Donahue was sickly and had no
occupation.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— advantage
of the round trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
To neglect the hair is to lose youth ""and ooriieu
ness. Save it with Park kr's Hair Baisam.
il ixMHcuKNs, the best cure >'6r corn*. 1 i an
SELBORNE SCHOOL
For Boys,
SAN RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29. with
handsome new buildings heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
stoves, no flues in boys' quarters. .. The nearest
approach to a fire-proof school. For catalogues,
testimonials and references apply to the prin-
cipal. REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San
Rafael. » ■
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEP COUNTY. CAL..
is rebuilding with all modern Improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin its
ninth year August loth. Beautiful surround-
ings, home influences. Offers superior advan-
tage* for the care and thorough training of
boys. Accredited at the universities.
- > IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEWS MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. 1566.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
For catalogue and Illustrated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. 8.,
Rector and Head Master.
"COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA
Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY, August
2, 1899.
SACRED HEART ACADEMY
MEIVIO PARK.
CONDUCTED BY THE LADIES OF THB
Sacred Heart. Term opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
UNIVERSITY ACADEMY,
Ml__.*%m*___ Ort.
A SELECT SCHOOL FOR BOYS.
Next term begins on TUESDAY, August I.
W. W. ANDERSON, Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for %oung
ladies. 2126 California St.. San Francisco. Will
reopen August 7. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV EDWARD B CHURCH. A. M.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.—
diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunities offered ln music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to Mrs. C. T. Mills. President.
Mills College P. 0.. Alameda Co.. Cal
Thirty-third year. Fal'.term opens August
. 2, 1899.
HOLMES' Col lei,'*' of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte. vocal music, piano
violin. * Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected: 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
. retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg 8. F.GOLDEN STATES
OPPORTUNITY AT
THE EXPOSITION
Given a Monopoly of
the Space.
— * —
WORK OF THE COMMISSION
— * —
HORTICULTURISTS AND VITI
CULTURISTS ENTHUSED.
W. H. McNeil and L. A. Emlay, Men
cf Wide Experience. Will Col
lect and Arrange the Im
portant Displays.
The California Paris Exposition Com
mission is doing its utmost to arouse
farmers ami yineyardists to a full appre
ciation of the vast advertising possibili
ties . of the coming Paris Exposition.
When Californians realize that half the
space allotted to the whole United States
for a horticultural display has been given
to California and over two-thirds of the
viticultural space has also been assigned
to the Golden State they will probably
make a concerted effort to send the best
that the State produces to France and
see that not an inch of space is wasted.
The commission has established perma
nent headquarters in the Occidental Ho
iel. Circulars have been sent^to ill the
prominent growers in the State, and
while many are arranging for space, the
response is not what it might be.
The collection and installation of bev
erages is a. part of the agricultural ex
hibit of this country. which by law is to
be prepared by the Secretary of Agricui-.
ture. Commissioner General Peck and the
Secretary of Agriculture have -mated
C. R. E)odge as a director of agricul
ture, and Dr. H. W. Wiley, chief chemist
of the Department of Agriculture-, has j
been appointed expert in cha-rse of the ;
collection of the exhibit. Dr. Wiley has
arranged for the collection of the Cali
fornia, display by the California Paris Ex
position Commission: and this commis
sion has appointed W. H. McNeil its '
agent to represent Dr. Wiley.
This work is thoroughly familiar to Mr.
McNeil. For many years he had charge
of the exhibit in th*r rooms of the Viti
cultural Commissioners and was selected
by the California World's Fair Commis- I
tion to take charge of the viticultural fea- i
tures of the California display at the Co
iumbian Exposition. The importance of j
the concessions at the coining Paris Ex
position is concisely stated in one of the]
circulars as follows:
Now is the time for the viticultur
:.-: o: California to make a record.
France having been the home of the
wine industry for ages, comparisons
al! over the world are made by the
French standard, therefore at the
Paris Exposition of 1900 is the oppor
tunity for California wines to get the
! world's recognition. The wines of
California have been assigned suffi
cient space by the United States Com
missioners to have them represented
as never before in any foreign coun
try. Every time California has made
a viticultural exhibit the State has
made a lasting impression and gained
increased honor and reputation.
The horticultural and agricultural dis
plays will be in the hands of L. A. Em
lay, who is well acquainted with the pro
ducers of the State. In I>C<3 he was se
lected as flrst assistant to Mr. Wells, then
superintendent of the agricultural and
horticultural departments of the World's
Fair at Chicago. When Mr. Weils re
signed. Mr. Emlay was placed in harge
of that department in both the national
and State buildings, and performed his
duties most creditabiv.
,
For over fifty years Mrs slew's Soothing
J-yrup has teen used by mothers for their chil- !
dren while teething. Are you disturbed at i
night and broken of your rest by a sick child
suffering and eryine with pain of cutting teeth?
<f so, send at once and get a bottle of "Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup" for Children Teeth
ing. It is pleasant to the taste and is the pre
scription of one of the oldest and best femaie
physicians and nurses ln the United -* ites, and
is for sale by all druggists throughout the
world Price. _.** cents a bottle. Be sure and
ask for "Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup."
Suit in Bankruptcy.
The Sorosis Fruit Company filed a suit
yesterday against C. B. Bills, as trustee
of the estate of E. B. Howard, bankrupt,
for a restraining order enjoining the trus
tee from proceeding with the bankrupt
matter in the United States District
Court until an accounting shall have been
had between the plaintiff and Howard.
GLOVE and PARASOL SALE
GLOVES! |
Commencing Thursday Morning, July 20.b
ODD LINES OF GLOVES, Consisting of I
Regular $1.50 — 8-Button Length Real . Kid ,Gloves in tans, i
browns, slates, white and operas. j
Regular $1.50 — 8-Button Length Suede Gloves in tans and i
browns. <
Regular $1.50 — 4-Button Kid Gioves in white, pearl, creams, :
pinks and lilacs. j
Regular $1.50 — i Pearl Clasp Real Kid Gloves in black and reds. ]
ALL TO BE SOLID FOR, 1
J/OC Pair.
PARASOLS! j
in connection with our Glove Sale we will sell some of our ■
best lines of ;
CARRIAGE, COACHING and MISSES' PARASOLS, ;
Consisting of Ruffles, Plaids, Pongees, Indias, Lace Trimmed, ;
Satins, etc. Goods formerly sold for $1.50, $1.75, ■
$2.00, $2.25, $2.50 and $3.00, for ; :
95c.
THE GLOVE HOUSE,)
800 Market St,, Cor. Grant Aye. |j
WILL PROMOTE CALIFORNIA'S INTERESTS AT PARIS.
WHEELER IS NOW
PRESIDENT OF
THE UNIVERSITY
Accepts th*? Ofier of
the Regen's.
— ♦ —
HIS DEMANDS COMPLIED WiTH
— » —
JUNE LETTER MADE THE POLICY
OF THE BOARD.
»
Business Transacted by the Univer
sity Regents in Open and Ex
ecutive Session — Raises
in Salaries.
•
Benjamin Ide Wheeler has changed his
| title of professor of Greek at Cornell Uni
• versity for the presidency of the Univer
i sity of California. At a meeting of the
I Boar of Regents of the University of
I California yesterday afternoon that body
accepted the conditions imposed by r>l "-
I feasor Wheeler in his letter of June 21
[ and the former Greek scholar and hisn_
] rian accepted the position offered him.
There was much ceremony at yester
! day's meeting and the usual executive
session was found necessary to complete
' a transaction which has bothered the
! heads of the Regents for many months.
'■ Professor Wheeler was present but a
; portion ..... it having been found
necessary to request his absence while
the momentous question of acceptance
• was discussed. But the Regents were
; charged with a cur: int of action yester
day and they did not waste much time.
In all they consumed an hour and a half
i tO accomplish the real purpose of the
meeting.
Fourteen Regents were present A. An-
I derson. T. J. Kirk. Ernst A. Denicke. Gen
eral W. H. L.. Barnes. John E. Budd.
H. S. Foote. A. S. Hallidie, Mrs. Phebe
:A: Hearst, J. F. Houghton. George C.
Pardee. Arthur Rodgers. Chester Rowell.
i C. W. Slack and W. T. Wallace.
When the routine business was finished
i Arthur Rodgers rose and in a short
; speech presented the immediate matter
ion hand, the discussion of Professor
: Wheeler's imposed conditions before ac-
I ceptanct. Rodgers proposed in executive
1 session. His motion was carried by the
' smallest majority.
i Wallace, who presided, then called upon
; Professor WheeUr for what was very
! much like a statement of his case. The
| Cornell professor defined his attitude.
I drawing upon educational history as a
j testament to the rationality of his de
: mands. He pictured the different univer
'■ sity systems in use in both England ar.d
] Germany, declaring that the body called
: the faculty with an executive officer at
! the head regulated in toto the academic
• affairs of the university. He then consid-
e red the American university with Its two
j separate governing bodies, the faculty and
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 19. 1599.
I the quasi business and directory board.
To him it seemed that all academic mat
ters should be entrusted to the faculty
; represented by the president. He said he
had neither the intention nor the aesire
to play the autocrat, but his strongest
belief was that the faculty in its relations
with the Regents should be represented
by the president of the university. Har
mony and a unity of action would thus
he preserved, the best ends of the univer- ;
Bit) being sure of realization.
The new president's speech made a pro
found impression upon the Regents, all of
whom bad already given signs of conces
sion. P<-ofe?s-*r Wheeler then retired and:
the Regents indulged their passion for dls- i
cussion. Unconcerned and seemingly in
dffferent to what was transpiring within, ;
Professor Wheeler walked up and down '■
the bai'.s. . ilting the call to return. In
"rder to speak. Wallace left the chair,
which General Barnes occupied during
the rest of the proceedings.
"Wp cannot go outside the legal con
stitutional powers accorded us." said
Wallace, "and our flat, unqualified ac
ceptance of Professor Wheeler's demands
would amount to this. Therefore I intro
duce the resolution which I think will
satisfy all parties concerned."
lived. That the principles sug
gested by Professor Benjamin ide
Whe.-ler In his letter to the committee
of the Roard of Regents, dated June
2-1. l. c S9, be declared the policy of the
• rd.
This was put to vote and carried.
Professor Wheeler was then called in
an*! General Barnes apprised him of the
action of the board. He was then asked
if he would accept the position of presi
dent of the university, to which he read
ily replied in the affirmative. The board
without a moment's further delay elected
Benjamin ide Wheeler to the presidency.
Professor Wheeler will not assume the
duties of his new office until October 1.
He will leave for Cornell to-night, ar
range his affairs and return to California
|in October. Slack, Denicke and Hallklie
were appointed a committee to confer
with the president-elect about the selec
tion if a home in Berkeley.
The regents upon recommendation of
the conference committee granted Acting
Secretary McKowen an additional salary
; of $*>0 in the absence of Secretary Davis.
; The;. aiso directed Frank Soule to take
1 charge of the University Cadets with an
additional salary of $50. I. C. Allen was
appointed assistant in chemistry at a sal
; ary of $25 per month, with a request for
him to continue his analyses of coal re
; glon deposits in the State.
Following is a copy of a dispatch sent in
: reply to one received from the Associated
•Students of the University of California
by President Benjamin Ide Wheeler:
Fred G. Dohertv, President of Associated
Students. University of California— My Dear
Mr. Doherty: Your telegram Just received—
"The students of California extend heartiest
congratulations and pledge earnest support"—
does my heart good. I. in my turn, pledge you
mv su:i;«ort. I pledge you my heartiest co
operation ln all the good things that make
up the students' university interest.
We will pledge ourselves together to labor
with hand and mind and heart for the name
and good fame of the University of California.
Faithfully yours.
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER.
GREAT FAMILY EXCUR
SION TO SANTA CRUZ
| To Be Run Over the Narrow-Gauge
Route Next Sunday,
interest in this great annual outing
! is increasing daily, and Colonel Menton,
j the Excursion Passenger Agent of the i
! Southern Pacific Company, reports that
• indications point to this being one of
I the largest and most successful excur
sions ever run out of San Francisco.
This extraordinary interest in the af
fair is clue in a measure to the League
of the Cross Cadets being encamped at
this beautiful city by the sea, the
friends and relatives of the boys tak
ing advantage of this opportunity to
see their loved ones and their beauti
ful camp.
Excursion tickets for this occasion
(Sunday next) are now on sale at the
very low rate of $_; and will be avail
able for the 7:45' a. m. train. Return
ing, leave Santa Cruz at 4:12 p. m., ar
riving ip San Francisco at S:OS p. n>.
FOOD INSPECTORS AT WORK.
- — ■
A Filthy Candy Factory and Delicat
ressen Store on Third Street
Closed.
Chief Food Inspector Devoto and Depu- j
ty Lahaney yesterday afternoon closed
the pork and delicatessen store of Henry
Voll at 121 Third street and the candy
factory owned hy <;. Manetara at 128
Third street. Both places were being
operated under filthy and unsanitary con
ditions. In the cellar under the candy
factory a ceVpQol has collected from the
seepage of defective sewer pipes. Barrels
Of swill and other rubbish are scattered
around promiscuously and in the foul and
tainted air ice cream ha?* been daily man- !
ufactured for months. The first floor of
the huildlng is in about the same condi
tion as th*' cellar. Manetara's sleeping
room opens right off the room In which
he manufactures candy, and the whole
place is filled with a sickening odor from
the cellar.
Similar conditions prevailed in Voll's es
tablishment. His cellar is filled with open
barrels In which meat is set to corn.
There Is a floor of rotten boards and an
open grating, allows the dirt of the street
to filter down into the barrels with every
gust of wind. In his working room above I
where sausage and lard are manufactured !
conditions fully as bad if not worse pre
vail. The place looks as though it has
never seen broom or scrubbing brush. Tn«_
owners of the premises were notified to
have the leaking sewer pipes mended and
a concrete floor must be laid in Voll's
cellar before he can resume work. His
workshop must also be cleaned and ven
tilated.
A MOTOR MILK WAGON.
Fire Committee of the Supervisors,
Discusses Automobiles.
The Fire Committee of the Board of j
Supervisors discussed automobiles yester- y.
| day morning and decided to hold over for
a week the petition of A. G. , Eastwood, >
who wants to run a milk wagon with a |
gasoline motor, in order that it might be
investigated. -■ yy'y • : ~fff ■■ >
The promoters of the Hotel Nymphia
scheme attempted to put an innocent- i
looking request through the committee in j
order to accomplish certain work on their
resort which was stopped by the law upon i
popular request. It was in the shape- of
a petition signed by Hannah Brothers for
permission to make certain alterations j
and put plumbing in the houses situated
on Stockton street from Nos. 110$ to 1124.
inclusive. The petition was laid over . to
await the return of Fire Chief Sullivan. I
A petition from the Bohemian Club for
permission to add another story to its
building ail Grant avenue and Ashburton
place was granted, with the proviso that
the plans submitted by the club coincide
with the directions of Chief Sullivan.
■ • — '■
Low rent. Low prices. Nothing but
new goods at Beamlsh'j* 209 Montgomery
st reet.
DISCOURAGING
NEWS FROM THE
WHALING FLEET
Only Four Whales
Have Been Taken.
— * —
DEATH OF CAPTAIN BUCKLEY
•
INSANE WHEN HE ACCIDENT
ALLY SHOT HIMSELF.
Captain Balch of the John A. Briggs
Narrowly Escapes Meeting
Death by Drowning in
Delagoa Bay.
♦
The steamer Portland, which arrived
from St. Michael yesterday, brought down
the remains of E. Towhill, a young San
Franciscan, who sought a fortune and
found death. He left here two years ago
and died from typhoid fever in Dawson
last February. A. L. Tracy, who returned
on the steamer, is in charge of the body.
The Portland brought considerable news
from the whaling fleet. So far it has been
a bad year, as very few whales have been
seen. The Narwhal, xielvedere, Bowhead
(the Norwegian steamer purchased and
commanded by Capta.n Cook) and Jean
ette have each taken one whale. All the
others are clean. Besides these, the Jean
ette had 7000 pounds of trade bone, so her
captain has no kick coming.
The death of Captain Buckley of the
steam whaler William Baylies was a very
sad affair. He had been under a severe
mental strain for several weeks and his
mind was somewhat unhinged. He could
not sleep at night and became subject to
hallucinations. He thought his crew was
talking about him behind his back and
sometimes he heard voices in the air.
From i to 9 a. m. of May 24 he was in
the crow's nest watching for a whale.
When he descended to the deck he said he
could hear a band playing In the air.
The William Baylies was fast to the ice
near Diomede Island when the accident
happened. At 8 p. m. on May 24 Captain
Buckley and Mate Cuttle were sitting in
the cabin, when the captain started and
said some one was trying to force his way
in, and ordered the mate to lock the door.
The mate had nearly all the keys In the
ship on a ring, as he had locked up a,
the guns and dangerous things for fear
Buckley might do himself some harm.
To humor tne captain, Cuttle took the
ring with the keys out of his pocket and
tried to find one that would fit the cabin
door. He failed and went to look for a
key that would fit, leaving the ring on
the cabin table. This was the captain's
opportunity. lie was conlident some one
was entering the cabin to kill him, s<>.
seizing the keys, he lilted one to the lock
on the lazarette and opening the batch
lowered himself down.
The letter that brought the particulars
down then goes on to say: "Captain
Buckley was clean out of his mind by
this time. He still thought he was bein?
followed, and. seeing a gun behind some
stores, he got down on his belly and'
grasping it by the muzzle pulled 11 to
ward him. The gun went off and blew
the top of his head away. His right hand
was ail powder-stained through being so
close to the muzzle. It was a gross piece
of. carelessness on the part of whoever
put that gun away loaded We buried
Captain Buckley on St. Lawrence island
ana Chief Officer Cuttle will take the
steamer north. The. other officers went
up a step and Charley Boyle has been
made fourth mate and Ike Smith a boat-
Fteerer. We are now bound for the Arctic
and 1 hope we will make a good catch."
Captain Balch, the well-known master
of the American ship John A. Briggs. ha I
a very narrow escape from losing his life
in Delagoa Bay last month. As It was
he lost all his money, the ships regis!
and all her papers, and is likely to have
some trouble at his next port of call in
consequence.
The John A. Briggs went from here to
Chemainus last December and there
loaded 1,483,216 feet of lumber for Delagoa
Bay. Captain Balch discharged his cargo
after considerable delay and then cleared
his ship for Sydney. N. S. W. At the lat
ter port she is to load coal for Honolulu
and from Honolulu will bring sugar to
San Francisco. ; y . 7
After clearing his ship Captain Balch
fot into his boat and started to gr aboard,
'our of his sailors were rowing, but aa
it was blowing very hard they did not
make a great deal of headway. Suddenly
a squall struck the boat and over she
went. It was dark, but by good luck the
captain and four men succeeded In get
ting on the bottom of the boat and then :
for an hour they hung on. chilli to the
bone; and thinking each moment would
be their last. Just when they had given !
up all hope the boat from a Norwegian
bark came along and picked them up. ,
Uncle Sam is going to take another Pa- j
cific Mail steamer for a transport. As
soon as the City of Sydney arrives from
Panama and way ports she will be turned !
over to the quartermaster's department 1
and will be fitted out for a trip to Ma
nila. The San Bias, now in port, will bo j
held here and will take up the Sydney's ;
Panama run.
The transport Newport was moved to
the Mall dock yesterday and will be fitted
out and loaded there for her next voyage
to Manila. " _, "
The San Juan sailed yesterday for Pan
ama and way ports. She took away fif
teen cabin passengers and considerable
freight. Captain Tilton. late chief officer
of the Newport, was a passenger. He I
goes to Panama to relieve Captain Buck
man, who comes to San Francisco on a
vacation. • - •-
The Spreckels tu<r Alert has been com
pletely overhauled and went into com
mission again yesterday. Mechanics have
-been at work on her for over a month
and she is now as good as new.
Ole Johnson of the steamer Del Norte
fell overboard from Folsom street wharf I
early yesterday morning. .He was res- j
cued by Henry Peterson and taken to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Story of Sterility,
SUFFERING AND RELIEF.
_______
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM SO. 69,186]
"Dear Mrs. Pi>*kham— years
ago I began having such dull, heavy
dragging pains in my back, menses
were profuse and painful, and was
troubled was leucorrhoea., I took
patent medicines and consulted a phy-
sician, but received no benefit and
could not become pregnant. Seeing
one of your books, I wrote to you tell-
ing you my troubles and asking for
advice. You answered my letter
promptly and I followed the directions
faithfully, and derived so much benefit
that I cannot praise Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound enough.
I now find myself pregnant and have
begun its use again. I cannot praise
it enough."" — Mrs. CoraGiesox, Yates,
"Manistee, Mich.
"Tout Medicine Worked Wonders."
" I had been Rick ever since my mar-
riage, seven years ago; have given
birth to four children, and had two
miscarriages. I had falling of womb,
leucorrhoea, pains in back and legs:
dyspepsia and a nervous trembling of
the stomach. Now I have none of these
troubles and can enjoy my life. Your
medicine has worked wonders for
me."— Mrs. S. Baexiiabt, New Castee,
Pa-* ' *
i the Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Dorr soon
! had him on the road to recovery.
May Watson was taken from **23 Cali-
I fornia street to the Harbor Hospital yes
terday suffering from carbolic acid pois-
I oning. Miss Watson had been drinking
i heavily and was very despondent.
Picot Chaecclu. employed at the Vesu-
I vius Macaroni Factory, had a narrow
: escape from instant death Monday night.
j He was caught in the belt of the ma
! chinery and was whirled around three
! times before the men came to his as
, sistance. He had to be cut out of the
', belting, and at the Harbor Hospital Dr.
Hlmmelsbach found that his arm was
fractured in two places and his ring fin
ger dislocated.
The steamer Matteawan. on her way
j here from the East to go into the coast
| ing trade, is in trouble. On the 2d inst.
* she went on Satellite rock in the straits
!of Magellan. She. was leaking badly when
j she was backed off, but reached Punta
I Arenas, where a diver stopped the leak.
; It will cost $10,000 to repair her.
WHEN THE NOON
BELLS CHIME
Miss Alice Ames and Mr.
Thomas Robbins Will
Be United To-Day.
! To-day at noon at Grace Church will be
! celebrated the most fashionable wedding
of the season, that of Miss Alice Bradford
Ames and Thomas Hinckley Bobbin- of
Boston. Eight bridesmaids and an equal
number of. ushers will lead the bridal pro
cession, and a maid of honor and best
. man will lend their services to the bride
' and groom, respectively.
| There will be many new features Intro
duced at the wedding. There will be no
decorations in the church. The brides
maids will discard the usual pink and
: white thai characterize all fashionable
I weddings and be gowned each one differ
: ently in bright and dainty colored frocks.
After the ceremony, for which many
• hundreds of invitations have been issued,
there is to be a bridal breakfast at he
: home Of the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs.
: Pelham Ames, on lay lor street. Fiowers
will be used in profusion in the decora
tion of the home, and Dr. Harry Tevts
will personally attend to the decorations.
The groom, who is a Boston man. has
brought live of bis attendants out here
with him. His twin brother. William B.
1 Bobbins, will be best man, and the ushers
will be Worthington Ames, brother of the
i bride: Walter Martin, Bryant Grimwood,
■ Benjamin Dibble* Robert Peabody Bel
lows, Stephen Hasketi Derby, Roger Wol
; cott and John Hart Poihemus.
Miss Bessie Ames, the bride'? sister, is
to be maid of honor, and the bridesmaids
will be Miss Cora Smedberg, Miss Louise
! Crosby Miss Lillian Shoob. Miss Marie
■ Wilson. Miss Norma Preston. Miss Mary
: Poihemus. Miss Edith Mcßean and Miss
; Carrie Little.
PASSED A FICTITIOUS CHECK.
John Hunt, a farmer from Santa Cruz.:
was arrested yesterday by Policeman Ker
rison and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of passing a fictitious check. Be- \
fore being taken to the prison he was es
corted to the French Consul's office, and
the Consul said he had done the same j
thing before.
Hunt had been living at the Xew Europe
Hotel. Pacific and Sanson c streets, and
yesterday morning when the landlord; J. j
Desbartas, demanded payment for his
board and lodging he pave him a check :
for $100 on the Crocker-Woolworth Bank, j
The check was taken to the hank to be
cashed; but there was no account.
___ , , I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE KISSINC BUG
i Is Less Dangerous Than Some Every-
day Evils Which Beset the
Average Mortal.
A LOCAL PHYSICIAN'S OPINION ON AN ALL-
IMPORTANT SUBJECT. ,
Dr. Holsman. who recently arrived
from London to become a member of
I the staff of the well-known specialists,
! Dr. Meyers & Co., scoffs at the stories
; of the "kissing bug. "In my opinion,"
j said the doctor, "we will hear very lit-
j tie more of this osculating beetle. If
I people would pay more attention to
i their everyday life, and especially to
! the remedies -which the average ph.- -
-; sician prescribes, they would be hap-
i pier, healthier and live longer. Too
l many mineral drugs are being dis-
! pensed. Thousands of men to-day are
; having their stomachs utterly ruined
i and their constitutions undermined by
l deadly drugs.
"Dr. Meyers & Co.'s staff of physi-
cians, of which I am now a member,
never dispense mineral or other dan-
gerous medicines. In curing men of
private and other diseases, and in re-
storing victims of lost manhood, we use
nothing but the extracts of buds,
barks, berries, roots, plants, gums,
fruits and flowers."
Dr. Meyers & Co. have devoted years
of time and a vast amount of money to
the study of such ailments and in per-
fecting curative methods and remedies.
They conduct the largest medical insti-
tution in America, and have cured men
from ocean to ocean, and from Mexico
to the northern boundary of Alaska.
These specialists can be consulted
without cost at office or by mail.
Home cures a specialty. Unfortunates
who cannot call should write for "Pri-
vate Counselor" for men, symptom
blanks, etc. Call or address Dr. Mey-
ers & Co., 731 Market street. Elevator '
entrance. I
000000000000000000
&M PALACE To
•GRAND HOTELS %
fl SAN FRANCISCO. q
" Connected, by a covered passageway. ~*
0 1400 Voom«— \v. h Bath Attached. *»
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICE?: O
O European Plan. SI.OO per day and upward O '
-^ American Plan. #3.00 per Jay and upward rt
9 Correspondence Solicited. "•»
O JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Hunger. O
0000000000000 0 0000 !
Money at 6 per Gent
Money to l"an at 6 per cent per annum, on
City Real Estate Security, by
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY,
DnTTCUCC for BARBERS. bak-
t_l I. I J __3_Fl _C_o ers. bootblacks, bath-
___*__. l. WUMW use., billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mill!, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
, Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrsmonta St |
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___ _ _„_ ______
rv T% _A ¥"• d~%. T^ l-^T
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and
Lung Specialist.
OVER 30 YEARS' SUCCESSFUL PRACTICE.
CONSUMPTION !
Early application to one skilled in the treatment of CATARRH,
THROAT and LUNG DISEASES has saved and may save thou-
sands of lives from that dread disease— CONSUMPTION.
Dr. Aborn's modern system of medicated inhalations, local ap-
pliances and revitalizing, constitutional treatment cure where all
others fail. CATARRH, THROAT, BRONCHIAL and LUNG AF-
FECTIONS NoIANTLY RELIEVED, and his patients almost
invariably gain in weight 10 to 30 pounds in 30 to 60 days.
EVIDENCE OF THE CURABILITY CF CONSUMPTION.
SPENCER CURRELL'S AFFIDAVIT.
A Gain of Twer.ty-three pounds in Twenty-three days.
To the Public: I hereby make this public announcement that the afflicted may
know that I have had mv life saved by Dr. Aborn. : . -y.y- -■■■' -fy- '■-
Being in a dying state with consumption, constant cough, short breath, could
not breathe but "a little in the upper part of my lungs, night sweats, loss of appe-
tite and emaciated to a mere skeleton: lost twenty-five or thirty pounds. This 13
merely an outline of mv condition when I applied to Dr. Aborn four weeks ago.
To mv great astonishment. 1 began to improve from the first dose of medicine,
and have continued to •-•-.-,. with such astonishing rapidity that I now con-
sider myself -..<_. My cough is entirely gone. I can take In a full and deep in-
snlration; appetite an.l "strength restored. 1 can now do a good day s work on my
farm. 1 ha' gained twenty-three pounds in the last three weeks. This seems al-
most incredible: nevertheless it is a fact, as the scales tell the tale, and to this
statement I make an affidavit. __ , •••■••■■'■ ,
Mv father-in-law, J B. Batten who resides at Santa Barbara, can assure the
afflicted in the southern part of the State what Dr. Aborn has done for me.
I am a well-known farmer. I have resided on my farm, six miles from . Hay-
wards. Alain*.'... County. for the past eight years. All the citizens of Haywards
know of my case and are surprised at my speedy recovery. , _ ,
SPENCER CURRELL, Farmer. Six Miles From Haywards. Cal.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this tUh day of September, A. D. la**-.-;;
(Notarial Seal). F. H. BLANCHARD, Notary Public.
"While ""here Is Life There Is Hope."
Dr. Aborn - prepared to give the Rioted the most APPROVED. MODERN,
SCIENTIFIC TREATMENT tor the various diseases embraced In his specialties.
With his IMPROVED FACILITIES and LARGE EXPERIENCE in the treatment
of THROAT and LUNG DISEASES. NASAL CATARRH. DISEASES of the E'i E
and EAR AFFECTIONS of the DIGESTIVE ORGANS, NERVOUS SYSTEM and
CHRONIC DISEASES Dr. Aborn is prepared to treat with almost unfailing suc-
cess all such cases as may come under his care. NONE SHOULD DESPAIR, no
matter how severe or aperravated their cases may be. ■ ._li,X^i. '. ._.
DR ABORN has given ABUNDANT and SUBSTANTIAL EVIDENCES of his
WONDERFUL SUCCESS in restoring his patients to perfect health after all the
ordlnarv methods have failed. The parties from whom Dr. Aborn has received the
most flattering testimonials are well known and influential citizens, who have
giw-n their cards to the public not only heeause of their gratitude to Dr. Aborn,
*., with the sincere desire to benefit their fellow sufferers by assuring them that
health and happiness, through exemption from suffering, ire also wi.nin their reach
by an intelligent recognition of the great superiority of Dr. Aborn's great modern
method of treatment.
DR. ABORN'S OFFICE AND RESIDENCE,
554 SUTTER ST,, between Powell and Mason, San Francisco, Cal.
Sutter-street cars from Market-street ferry pass the door. Electric
cars at San Jose depot, corner Third and Townsend streets, transfer to
Powell, corner of Ellis;- get off corner Sutter and Powell streets.
OFFICE HOURS, 9:30 to 12, and 2 to 4.
AMUSEMENTS.
GKAiND OPI-.RA HOUS£
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT >. (Inc.). Lessee
ANOTHER BRILLIANT SUCCESS
ALL THIS WEEK.
Co«tly and Beautiful Production of Audran'/-
Delightful Comic era.
«
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved. S3c and GOc
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved. 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE. Reserved. 15c
GALLERY. 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
At 'he Matinee? -he Best Reserved S«at '•an be
purchased for » Family Circle ISc.
Gallery 'O^'-
Telephone Main 532.
NEXT WEEK— "FAUST" fin English).
_ _ -
CALIFORNIA THEATER
S. H. FRIEDLANDER. Manager.
ANOTHER CROWOFD HOUSE.
A PERFECT PLAY.
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
MISS RLANCHE RATES
and COMPANY OF PLAYERS.
Presented by T. Daniel Frawley in Henry
Arthur Jones' Most Successful Play
THE DANCING GIRL
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
'MADfl^e £%•>-*• GF.NE."
Commencing MONDAY, July _..
Reserved Seats 23 iOc. _7">c and tl
Matinoes Prices 25c. 7.0 c and 7".<-
COLOMBIAN
Charles Frohman Presents
Mr. HENRY KILLER
And A SPEC AL COMPANY.
LAST 4 NIGHTS-MAT. SAT
LORD AND LADY ALGY
it C. Carton's Brilliant Comedy.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
Brilliant Revival of
HEARTSEASE.
HENRY MILLER as ERIC TEMPLE.
1 Week— BEG. NEXT MONDAY.
— ■ —
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
*
EVERT EVENING AND SATURDAY MATI- .
NEE.
The Brilliant and Gorgeous Burlesque. .1
"BLUE BEARD"
■ ..'7 •■'-■
R» D let« With Up-to-Date Songs. Jokes. Dances.
Etc.
ENLARGED COMPANY AND CHORUS.
THE GREATEST SHOW IN TOWN:.!
POPULAR PRJCLS.A'ioc and 50c
Next Production— The Popular Opera "WANG."
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
OLYMPIA.
Eddy '•*'. Cor. v, n .->i
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
EXTRAORDINARY STRONG ATTRACTIONS. I
Last and Farewell Week of
QUERITA VINCENT!
QUERITA VINCENT!
In a Repertoire of Her Best Songs and Dances. j
LA ROSE BROS.,
Acrobats.
AND A GREAT BILL OF VAUDEVILLE
STARS.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
DR.PIERCES ~'
GOLDEN
-i MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS; |
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR"
PHONE Main 2r-_.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In the Beautiful Emotional Drama.
"THE NEW MAGDALEN."
Supported by .
WHITE WHITTLESY AND THE ALCAZAR
COMPANY.
15c, 25c, p^.^s 35c, 50c.
Next— Farewell week of LEWIS MORRISON
In "FAUST " ,
MATINEE TO-PAT (WEDNESDAY), July U.
Parquet,, any seat. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Children.
10c, any part.
NEW FACES, NEWATTRACTIONS!
KILPATRICH AND BARBER,
LES BROWNS,
HOUDINI,
MINNIE PALMER dt CO.,
GEORGE WILSON,
THE RIXFORDS,
MILLIAN AND SHIELDS,
THE PASQUALIS,
HAVES AND LYTTON.
HAS IT CAUGHT ON ?— ASK ANYBODY.
THE GREAT INTERNATIONAL
CAKEWALK CARNIVAL !
HAS BUT FOUR DAYS MORE TO RUN.
TO-NIGHT IS CALIFORNIA PARLOR. N. S.
G. W. and GENERAL NATIVE SONS'
AND NATIVE DAUGHTERS' NIGHT.
There will be special features and WITHOUT
FAIL the Great ELECTRIC CAKE WALK, as
everything li In readiness for it now.
Cake Walkers will be wired up with elec-
t ric wires and lights to produce a beautiful
effect. Don't miss it.
Thursday afternoon is CHINESE BABY
SHOW. 250 Chinese children in beautiful cos-
tumes will be on hand.
It is arranged now for dancing one hour and
a half each night. Friday Companions of
the Forest nleht. Children admitted free on
Thursday matinee by cutting this ad out and
presenting it at the box-offlce. Admission 25c.
Box and reserved seats at the Emporium and
Hale Bros, and other downtown stores. A lib-
oral proportion of the ticket sales go to the
California Soldier Boys' Fund.
popular family excursion
santTcruz
SUNDAY. July 23d.
Personally conducted by Mr. WM. H. MEN-
TON. Excursion Passenger Agent Southern
Pacific Company.
/ 0&WB& 3S3Eg*T. Hjg^gg l^
ONLY 405 **■■% FOR THE
«3* \^ ROUND
i AoT TRIP
FIVE HOURS AT THE SEASIDE.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS IN CAMP.
Leave ferry landing, foot of Market st.. 7:4$
a. m., returning arrive San Francisco at 8:06
p. m.
E. O. McCORMICK. Pass. Traffic Mgr.
T. H. GOODMAN, Gen. Pass Agent.
CONCERTS AND AESOBTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
IN THE CHUTES THEATER.
7— Brand New Distinct Features— 7
IN THE ZOO— OLD MAN KANGAROO.
THURSDAY, AMATEUR NIGHT.
ANOTHER LAUGHING SURPRISE.
EVERY BATURj)AY, CHILDREN'S ArTERNOOS.
«3 C* Iv'w Those who were ther*
_ say the Panorama is a
_r~^ V- correct representation.
ill • Lectures by Prof W.
O. ROLLINS after-
It/I - «-» Jlo, noons and evenings.
MaFl I 1 a market *<-, nr. Eighth.
Admission. 50c
r> • Children. 25c
Bay!
*>IJTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM f. A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. So
Bathing. Including admission. 23c; Chil-
dren. 20c.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling cables in demand.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat freights firm.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats and Rye sell well.
Corn dull. " •
Ml lis tuffs unchanged.
Hay in more moderate receipt.
Feedstuff as before.
Beans active and firm.
Seeds dull and nominal.
Totatoes and Vegetables weak.
Butter and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry plentiful and dull.
Fruit In moderate supply.
New Prunes open high and wanted.
New Almonds 10c.
Honey 'in very fair demand.
Provisions still firm.
Wool ln good shape.
Hops strongly held.
Hides quiet.
Hnt-s still higher. Veal scarce.
Beef and mutton steady.
Grain Bags advanced.
Leather market 'satisfactory.
Some -..-■-■ Oils.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of specie at this port during the first
Six months of the year were $10,844,797, against
$15 204 536 for the same time in ISSS. as follows:
Gold bullion. $355,433; gold in, $9,385,026; silver
bullion. $803,680; silver coin. $260,168. The lead
ing sources of these imports were: Australia,
$8,770,163; Mexico. $1,296,525.
WEATHER REPORT.
(l»th Meridian Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 18, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 56 San Diego 70
Fresno 110 Sacramento "' -
Los Ancles »2 Independence 100
Red Bluff 108 Yuma 100
San Luis Obispo !>3
San Francisco (lata: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 45..: mean. 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* remained nearly stationary
over the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
Along "the coast from San Luis Obispo to the]
mouth of the Columbia River there has been
but little change In temperature. In the In- |
terior there has been a rise of from 2 to 6 de
grees. This rise added to existing warm
weather has resulted In very high temperatures j
in the great vail* of California. .Through- i
out the Saji Joaquin and Sacramento valleys j
the temperature exceeded 100 degrees and in !
tome localities res ed as high as 110 degrees.
In th.c vicinity of San Francisco there is a j
horizontal difference of temperature of 48 de- '
grees In about fifty miles. At sea level near I
Sf.n Francisco the temperature is 52 degrees.
and at an elevation of half a mile 92 degrees i
at the same hour
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 19, 1599:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, not
quite so warm In the interior, cooler near
Sacramento; northerly winds inland, brisk
westerly winds on the coast, with dense fog
at sea level
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather with fog along the
coast in the morning; light westerly winds.
Nevada Fair Wednesday; continued warm
weather
Utah— Fair Wednesday; continued warm
weather
Arizona — Cloudy Wednesday; warmer in the
extreme southwest.
San Francisco and vicinity— Wednesday;
warmer ln the forenoon, dense fog in tne
morning; brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 18.— stock market con
tinued dull and neglected, almost to the point
of stagnation to-day. Prices drifted quite aim
lessly up and down except in a few stocks
which were influenced by individual causes and
net changes for the most part were very small.
The opening showed some slight animation and
higher prices in sympathy with London, which
had advanced Americans before the opening
here and seemed to take the more cheerful view
of the general outlook. The money market
there was reported rather easier in tone, but
the Bank of England continued to do prac
tically all of the money lending at a rate
well above its official minumum rate of dis
count, and sterling exchange at Continental
centers showed additional sharp advances. In
New York, money was rather easier In tone,
but the rate still continued above those at
some other domestic centers, so That the sterl
ing exchange market, though hard, was not
quotably higher. It is intimated that money
rates may be held up in New York to prevent
an outflow of gold and the additional sugges
tion is heard that Chicago may supply London
with some gold on direct movement. There are
increasing offerings of Chicago funds in New-
York. Statements of railroad earnings con
tinue to break previous records, St. Paul lead
ing to-day on returns for its second July, with
an increase of f 231.532 over last year. To-day's
recovery in Brooklyn Transit amounted to two
points net and in Metropolitan Street Railway
to Is. withstanding the favorable inci
dents, the local stock market showed no dis
position to follow London's early lead and the
opening gains were soon lost. The only move
ments of any Importance were in Isolated
stocks, mostly industrials. Sugar and Manhat
tan showed early depression which was not
entirely overcome in the case of the latter,
though the former shows a small net gain.
American Smelting rose at one time 2*4 and
General Electric Is. but both reacted a. point.
New York Air Brake rose 6 points and then
dropped 11. The Tobacco stocks came into late
demand and gained from 1$ to 2s. the latter
Continental Tobacco common. Rubber pre
ferred, leather preferred, Tennessee Coal, Tin
Plate, Federal Steel, People's Gas and a few
other stocks had periods of Strength. New
York Central more than recovered yesterday's
decline and some firmness was manifest
among the Grangers. Pacifies and Trunk
lines, but .the coalers, Southwestern and
Southern stocks showed a slightly yielding dis
position. The whole day's business footed up
only a little over a quarter million shares and
Brooklyn Transit. Sugar and Manhattan ab
sorbed a large proportion of this.
The bond market was also very dull and price
changes were small and mixed as in stocks.
United States 3s coupon declined '■(, and the
old 4s registered $, while the old 4s coupon ad
vanced $ In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
262.643 shares, including: American Smelting.
4300; American Steel, 19.000; American Sugar.
17,600; Atchison preferred, 12.600; Brooklyn
Rapid Transit. 46,500; Burlington, 8000; Conti
nental Tobacco, 6500; Federal Steel, 3800; Man
hattan. ; 31.500; Northern Pacific, 5100; Reading,
second preferred. 3600: Rock Island. 3600; St.
Paul, 15.100; I'nion Pacific. 3000: American To
bacco. 6700; Missouri Pacific, 5000; New- York
Central, 7300; Pennsylvania. SIOO.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 194, Do prefd 173
Do prefd 60$ St P & Om 106$
Baltimore & Ohio. 47 , Do prefd 173
Canada Pacific — 96$ Am Smelting 38 !
Canada Southern.. 53$] Do prefd 84 i
Central Pacific ... 614; 50 Pacific 314
Ches & Ohio 27$|So Railway 114
Chi ft Alton 150 ! Do prefd 51%
Chi B ft Q 135.4 (Texas & Pacific.... 22
Chi ft E 111 734 Union Pacific 42$
Do prefd 123 Do prefd 76$ I
Chi G W 14$ I Nor ft W prefd.... 7"'_ I
Chi Ind ft L 10 Wabash 7$
Do prefd 40 • Do prefd l_\
Chi ft N W 159$ Wheel & L E new 8$
Do prefd 7.7 Do 2d prefd ....24$ J
CC CftSt L .7-, Express Companies—
Do prefd 96$ Adams Ex 112 !
D<»l ft Hudson — 1214 American Ex .. 137
De! L ft W 167 I'nited States .... 4<*
Den ft Rio G 21$ Wells Fargo 127
Do prefd 7.$ Miscellaneous —
Erie new 1.. A Cot Oil 41 ' l
Do Ist prefd — 36 ' Do prefd 92$
Ft Wayne 1-4 Amn Spirits 64
Gl Nor prefd 167 Do prefd 29
Glucose 684 Am Tobacco 974
Illinois Cent 115$ Do prefd 14..
Lake Erie ft W.... IS Cons Gas ISO
Do : refd 75$ Com ('able Co 179
I_ake Shore 200 Col F ft Iron 45$
Louis ft Nash 71$ Do prefd 105
Manhattan L 117$ Gen Electric .... lit
Met St Ry 220$ Haw Com! Co 110
Mich Cent ill Fed Steel 58$ I
Minn ft St L... . 5.44 Do prefd 80$
Do 2d prefd 90 Intnl Paper 41
Mb Pacific 47$ Do prefd 79
Mobile ft 0hi0.... 44 Laclede Gas ... 54
..I X & T 12 Lead 29
Do prefd 34 Do prefd 112 i
N J Central 116 Brooklyn R T 113$ j
N. V Central :;r.lSBs Nat Lin Oil 2 '
N V Chl ft St L.. 12$ Pacific Mall 47$ J
Do Ist i, refd .... 6. People's Gas 117
Do 2d prefd .... 324 Pullman Pal 159
Nor West 20$ Silver Cert 60
No Amer Co < 3$ Standard R ft T.. 7$ I
No Paclflc *." : Sugar 157
Do prefd 77 Do prefd US I
Ontario ft W 26 It C ft Iron 69$
Or R ft N prefd. 40 U S Leather 5$
Pac Coast 38 I Do prefd 71$ |
Do Ist prefd .... 83 D S Rubber 49$ !
Do 2d prefd .... 56 I Do prefd 116
Pittsburg 184 West I'nion 9* l
Reading 20$ Am S ft W C 0.... 5.7$
Do Ist prefd .... 60 Do prefd 96
R G W 33 Con Tobacco 41$
Do prefd 79 Colo So 4$
Rock Island 116$ Do Ist prefd 4.3 1 -
St Lft S F 104 Do 2d prefd .... 16$
Do prefd 695; Anaconda 554
Do 2d prefd .... 37 T n Plate 38
Si Lft S W. . . 14$ Do prefd 85
Do prefd 35$ Nat Steel 50
St Paul 130$ Steel Hoop 26
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg 100$ M X ft T 2ds 684
-Do 3s 106$ Do 4s 93"
Do coup 109 N V Cent i:-*t.s 11.
c S new 4s reg — 129 N .1 Cent gen ss. .121
Do coup 130 North Carolina 66.135
V S old 4s reg. ...1ß I Do 4s 109
Do coup 112$ N P lsts 113
VS 5s reg 1114 Do 3s 107
Do coup 112$ Do 4s 103$
District 3.86s 119 N V Chl ft St L 45.107$
Ala class A 108 Nor & W con 45.. 95 |
Do B Ids ; Do gen 6s 13*
Do C 10S Or Nay lsts 112
Do Currency .... 98 Do 4s 101%
Atch sen is 102 ft O S Line 6s 131 1 ?
Do ad.it 4s 84ft Do con 5s 113
Canada So 2ds 111 ft Reading gen 4s — S7*ss
C & O 4fts 97*5 R G W lsts 99%
Do 5s 119 B L Mill Con 55. 113%
C ■£.- N Con 7? 144 ft S L & S F Gen 6s. 124 ft
Do deb ns I:2' St I' Cor. 171 i
Chicago Term 45.. Oflft St I' C & P lsts.TT.l2lft
ID& R G lsts 106 ft Do 6s 121%
Do 4s 100%, So Rv 5s 109%
E T Va & Ga Ist? 106% Standard R & T 6s 85
Erie Gen 4s 'J2ft Term new set 35.. 97
iFtW &D C lsts.. 7S Tex & Pac 15t5.... 116
I Gen Electric 55....119 . Do 2ds s«ft
(i H & S A 6s 113 |U P 4s l l^.*.
Do 2ds 107 Wabash lsts 11*"**
H & T Css 110 ft Do 2ds 102 ft !
Do Con 6s 112 [West Shore 4? ....113ft
: lowa Cent lsts ...113 Wis Cent lsts .... 76 |
j X C P & G lsts.. 59 Va Centuries ■•- i
La new con 4s 106 ! Do deferred .. 8%
L& N Unl 4s 100 C& S 4s 89% |
MINING STOCKS
Chollar 33, Ontario 7 00
Crown Point 20: Ophir 100
Con Cal <fc Va 1 90 1 Ply mouth 10
I Deadwood 80 (Quicksilver 2 10,
Gould & Curry.... 35 Do prefd 800 i
: Hale & Norcross.. 33 Sierra Nevada »5
Homestake 65 CO Standard 2 35
I Iron Silver 55 Union Con 33 >
j Mexican 50 Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Land 7ft
! Call loans 3(8)1 West End 95 *
j Time loans ' __■ 7. Do prefd 114
l Stocks— ' Westingh Eleo .. 49ft
'A T & St Fe 1"< Bonds
Do prefd ■■' : . Atchison is 101
I Amer Sugar :156ft Mining Shares-
Do prefd 118 Adventure 9
l Bell Tel 34** Allouez Mm Co 8 |
! Boston & Albany. 2ss Atlantic 30 |
I Boston L 107% Boston Sc M0nt. ...368 j
j Boston & Maine.. .l 96 Butte & Boston... 78 .
i Chi Bur & U 135 ft Calumet & Hec!a..799
iEd Elec 111 200 Centennial 33
I Fltchburg prefd ..117 Franklin 19
! Gen Electric 11?% Osceola 88
! Fed Steel 58% Parrott 52%
Do prefd 80ft Quincy 167
: Mcx Cent 14% Santa Fe Copper.. 13%
! Mich Tel ....'. 98 Tamarack 220 i
I Old Colony 204 Winona 13ft
Old minion 37 1 -. Wolverines 46%
Rubber 49ft Utah 43ft
Union Pacific .... 42%!
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July is. The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: ;
| The feeling regarding the Transvaal being more
', hopeful to-day the tone of the stock market j
j was brighter, but there was , no increase of j
I business. Americans were dull until New York j
I began buying. Later they eased off. closing be- j
I low the opening. Changes In balances were :
I fractional and irregular. Money was easier ;
I and some balances were unemployed. The ■
• bank did a smaller discount business and only
| a trifling amount of loans were repaid. Silver ,
. closed weak on American selling.
CLOSING.
LONDON. July 18. Canadian Pacific. 99%:
I Northern Pacific preferred, 78%; Union Pa
cific preferred, 76; Anaconda. 11%; bar silver,
| dull. 27 11-16.1. money, 3 per cent.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. July 18.- To-day's statement
j of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able .-ash balance, $278,474,944; gold reserve,
. $244,258,087.
SHIPMENT OF SILVER.
NEW YORK, July IS.— The steamship St. j
I Paul, sailing for Europe to-morrow, will take
out 587,000 ounces of silver.
NEW* YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 18. -FLOUR— Receipts, i
25.131 barrels; exports, 25,027. Fairly active ]
i and about stead} .
HEAT Receipts. 403.925 bushels; exports,
255.455. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 77% cf. o. b.
afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 7. ftc f. o.
b. afloat spot; No. 1 hard Duluth. 82ftc f. o.
b. afloat to arrive; No. 2 red, 75% c elevator,
I Options opened weak because of lower cables j
! and fine weather and crop news, rallying on
; a short demand. They were thereafter firmer,
, stimulated by export developments and fair ,
: clearances and closed firm at unchanged prices. ,
July. 76®76ftc, closed 76% c; September, 76ft®
i 76 9- i'i closed 7**ftc; ember, 78@78ftc, closed
1 'S'-iC. •
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm,
i L Steady.
METALS— The feature of the day in metals
' was easily a sharp reaction in tin, primarily
i due to a. change in the tenor of news from
; Western -markets and abroad. With the un- ;
i favorable reports came a relapse in demand :
i from consumers. Spelter also .ok an easier |
i turn. Copper, on the other hand, held strong ;
|at lull rates. At the close the Metal Exchange
I called: •
I PIGIRON Warrants nominal at $13 75.
LAKE COPPER at $18 50.
TlN— Unsettled, with $28 50 bid and $29 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged at $4 6.* bid and $4 65
i asked. The brokers' price for lead ls $4 35 and
tor copper Sis 50.
i SPELTER Easier at .6 25.
I COFFEE Options closed quiet but unchanged
ito 5 points lower. Sales. 5000 bags, including:
j August. $4 50; September. $1 55; October. $4 65®
' 4 70; November, ii 70; December. $5 05; May,
iss 25. Spot coffee— Rio, dull and easj ; mild,
j quiet and about steady.
; SUGAR— but steady; refined. steady. ;
! Moderate trade only.
BUTTER— Receipts, 16.207 packages. Weak;
stern creamery, 15®18ftc; factory, 12@14%<
EGGS— Receipts, 12,439 packages. Steady;
Western, 14ft@15c.
CALIFORNIA DRIFT' FRUITS.
California dried fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6ft@7ftc;
j prime wire tray, Bft®Bftc; choice. B%@9c; fancy, ■
I PRUNES
I APRICOTS Royal, 14c; Moorpark. 14tjlSc.
I PEACHES— Unpeeled, U@llftc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
i CHICAGO, July 18.— Wheat opened weak at [
I 71@71ftc for September, which was ft@ftc un
| der yesterday's close. Fine weather every- ,
I where, lower cables and heavy receipts were
the chief influences at work in the market.
i Long wheat was thrown on the market in
; great quantity. September touched 7" 7 ,c im
j mediately after the opening. This was put '
I rice and buying against these privileges ab- j
i sorbed the bulk of offerings. Shorts covered !
! freely on the decline and the market gradu
i ally rallied to 71% c. On the bulge the demand
' slackened again and September reacted to 71c.
Then the holders of puts made a second turn, I
j and this time it held until the close, which ;
' was at 7: : i <; 71% c, a net loss of only ftc. Pri
: mary receipts to-day were 1,120,000 bushels,
compared with 427. bushels the correspond-
Ing day of last year.
Corn ruled weak on heavy liquidation, fine ;
weather and sympathy with wheat. The close
was at a net loss of ft* for September.
; Oats ruled dull but remarkably steady. Sep- ]
! tember closed a shade lower.
Provisions showed remarkable strength i
: throughout, in spite of a weakness in the j
: grain markets. Continued cash demand for
I both domestic and export purposes stimulated
i outside speculative buying. Added to this was
I an advance of 10®15c for hogs at the yards.
: There was a slight recession early on profit '
j taking, but packers bought freely on th* de-
I cline and caused a rally, which was still in
I progress at the close. September pork closed
i 15c higher and ribs and lard gained lie each. ■
j The leading futures ranged as follows:
j Articles— Open. High. Low. -Close. j
I Wheat No. 2—
July ;. 70% 70% 70ft 70%
I September 71% 71% 70% 71% I
December 73 73ft 72% 73 i
I Corn No. 2—
•July 33 33 32% 32%
! September 32.4 32% 32% 32%
December 31% 31% 31% 31%
i Oats No. 2—
I July 23% 24% 23% 24%
j September 20% 20% 20 20%
| May 22 22% 22 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel- '.••■
! September 9 27ft 930 925 930 I
; October 937 935 9 27% 9 32%
! Lard, per 100 pounds—
'. September 555 5 57% 555 5 57% :
i October 5 62% 665 560 565 j
'■ Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
i September ..5 27% 730 525 5 27ft !
; October ' 7121. 7 32ft 730 5 32ft
j Cash Quotations were 'as follows:
Flour quiet: No. 3 spring wheat. 69<_T71fte:
i No. 2 red. 72ft@73c: No. 2 com. 33%®33ftc; No. 2
! oats 24ft®24ftc; No 2 white, 26ft@27ftc: No.
!3 white. 24ftS27ftc; No. 2 rye. 54c: No. 1 flax
1 seed $1 01; 'prime timothy seed. .2 47ft; mess i
pork*, per barrel, js , r .ii'S9 2": lard, per 100 pounds, i
! $5 35©.. 37%; short ribs sides (loose), $51005 25:
i dry Baited shoulders (boxed). $5 37ft®5 50; short
clear sides (boxed). $.* 40@6 50: whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods, per gallon. Sl 26. I
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 18.000 10.000
I Wheat, bushels 123,000 7,000
Corn bushels 401.000 659.000
Oats, bushels 346.000 334.
, Rye. bushels 17.000 25.000
i Barley, bushels 26,000 1,000
j On' the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter:
I market was weak. Creameries, 13ft®17ftc; Dai-
I ries, ll®lsftc. Cheese, steady, Bft®9c. Eggs,
! firm; fresh. llftc.
! . LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
i Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
I Opening 5 7 59% 5 lift
. Closing ■■' *• 9 5 10%
PARTS FUTURES.
I Wheat— X'fiZf July. Sept. -Dec.
' Opening 20 40 21 05
Closing , 20 45 2105
I Flour —
Opening 44 90 28 75 j
Closing .- « SO 2S SO
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, July IS.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's show the fol
lowing changes in available supplies from laat
account :
Wheat— States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, . increased 704,000 bushels; afloat for
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JULY 19, 189f>.
I and In Europe, decreased *>.100.000 bushels; total
i supply, decreased 1,096,000 bushels.
Corn United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1.460,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east ft the
' Rockies decreased 834,000 bushels.
The "aggregate stock of Wheat held at Port
i land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., in
' creased 258,00*1 bushels last week.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.'
CHICAGO, July Tragedy prunes $1 10*5.
1 20. average $1 15; Bartlett pears $2 20®2 40. av
erage $2 26; Nectarines $1(6150. average $1 25;
fellow Egg plums $1 10; Crawford peaches $1©
115, average $109; St. Johns $104; Burbanks
$1 13; Satsuma 97c; Foster's 99c; Purple L>uane
* 96c. Eleven carloads sold.
NEW YORK. July IS.— Bartlett pears $2 100
2 80, average $2 37: Early Crawford peaches $1 15
:qT 55, average 32. Foster's $135; Imperials
.1 10® 1 35, average $1 18; Simon! prunes, average .
!$1 22: Purple Duane 95c®$l 35, average $117;
j Diamond plums $1 26; Tragedy prunes 75c®
isl 20; Burbanks 75c@$l 60, average $1 14; Egg
i plums, average $1 24; Nectarines $1 20; St. Johns
! 550®5l 36, average si 10; Hale's Early 80c@$l 15,
average 90c; Ogons S0c(8$l 55, average $1.
! Twenty-two carloads sold.
SACRAMENTO, July IS.— The Earl Fruit
i Company sold California fruit to-day at auc
| tion at the following prices:
BOSTON, July IS.— Eureka Plums, $1 65®2 10. 1
i average $2 03: Decker Peaches. $1 38; Early I
| Crawfords, 50c@$l 4."., average $1 33; Bartletts, |
! $2 25ft 2 SO, rage $2 54; St. Johns, 55c@l 35, .
average $1 10; Tragedy Prunes, 90c®$l 05, |
average $1 03 Six cars sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA. July 18.— Burbanks, aver- j
age $1 37; Purple Duanes, average $1 23; Peach 1
Plums, average $1 38; Eureka' Plums, aver- ;
age $2 05; Lemon Cling Peaches, average $1 90; i
: Craw: 95c??$l 30, average $1 06; Hartletts. I
$1 90@2 35, average $2 11; Satsuma, 9'Vtf?sl 10, av
erage, 99 . Foster Pea lies. 90c©$1 20, average ,
$1 "7. St. Johns, 77. .7.1 30, average $1 03; Hale's !
■ Early Peaches, SOc; Tragedy. Ssc(Bsl 06, average
92c. Six cars sold to-day.
; NEW ORLEANS. July IS.— Bartlett Pears,
$2.34: Decker Peaches, »f,c: Crawfords. 9Rc.
OMAHA. July 18. -Fontalnebleau Grapes, sin
fle crates, $1 32; Tragedy Prunes, single crates. j
1 18; Bartlett Pears. boxes. $2 21: Peach
I Plums, single crates. $1 13; St. John Peaches,
boxes. BSI . Crawfords, boxes, 90c; Purple Duane
Plums, single crates, $1 12. .
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 18.— CATTLE— Receipts were
small to-day and prices ruled about unchanged.
Good to fancy steers. $5 25@5 85; commoner :
grades. $3 60i5T4 20; stockers and feeders. $3 50« !
4 SO; bulls, cows and heifers. $2 20®5 10; Texas !
steers, $3 50®5 25: calves. $1 50®6 20.
HOGS— The supply was not equal to the de- ,
mand and prices advanced 10@15c. Heavy hogs
I brought $4 25@4 50; mixed lots, $4 27 if 4 55; light,
$450i&'452%; pigs, $3 80@-4 45, and culls and
i rough lots, $2"84 25.
i SHEEP Lambs sold 25035 c higher. Western
| range sheep 10c lower and native wethers un- j
! changed. Sheep ruled at $2 25(83 25 for culls j
i up to $."''".s .'■ for prime wethers; Texas sheep, j
I $3®4 25; Western range sheep, $4 40@4 60; year-
I lings sold for $4 50®5 50 and the better ela-ss
1 of lambs at $6 75@7, with cull lambs at $3 25®
I 4 50. Ordinary flocks brought $4 4506 50.
! Receipts— Cattle. 3000; hogs, 16,000; sheep,
i 11. 000.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. July 18.— Clearings, $307,834;
balances, $65,585.
Cleared British bark Dunraggan for Queens
town, July 20, 97,605 bushels of wheat.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
j PORTLAND. July IS.— Local exporters aro
| less inclined than ever to do business and mat-
I ters re practically at a standstill. Quotations
are nominally 58c for Walla Walla and 59c for
Valley; bluestem. file.
WASHINGTON.
I TACOMA, July IS.— There ls no change in
the local wheat market, prices remaining at ;
57c for club and 60c for bluestem.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July IS.— Consols. 106 ft; silver. I
27ftd; French rentes. 10if 20c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on |
passage, quieter and hardly any demand, 3d
lower.
i LIVERPOOL. July IS— Wheat— No. 1 Red
, Northern Duluth dull, 5s lid; No. 2 Red West
ern Winter dull, 7s 9*l. Futures quiet; July. j
5s 7!, September. 5s 9d; December, 7s lOftd.
Corn American Mixed spot, nominal, easy.
'.. 3a 4' 4 d. Futures steady: July, 3s 4%d; Septem
ber. 3s 4ftd; October, 3s 7.--. i
Flour— St. '•■ lis fancy winter dull. 7s 6d.
Receipts of Wheat during tho past three days,
206,000 ctls, including 57.000 American.
Receipts of American Corn during past three
days, 143,300 ctls.
CLOSING.
1 LIVERPOOL, July 18.— WHEAT— Dull: No. 1
] standard California. fie Id; wheat ln Paris, j
I steady: flour In Paris, steady: weather In Eng- (
I land," fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32 d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
■'::.._
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Demand cables on London are in active re-
I quest, owing to the tightness of money there. .
I Other quotations stand the same.
! SterUng Exchange, «0 days - $4 85
'Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SSft j
I Sterling cables — 4 89**
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12ft
Mexican Dollars — 49ft®50
! Fine Silver, per ounce — 60*4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
' WHEAT FREIGHTS Continue firm at 31s 3d j
g32s 6d. The chartered Wheat fleet in port has !
a registered tonnage of 40,720, against 10,740 tons
on the same date last year: disengaged, 7*7" I
tons, against 13.800; on the .way to this port.
207,900 tons, against 218.000. -j
WHEAT The market Is dull and flat. Chi
! cago was weak, owing to a decline of id at j
Liverpool, to heavy receipts and fine weather
everywhere. The foreign demand, though still
good was reported Blackening, and the only J
' demand was to fill shorts. The buying was j
mostly locaL and the holders were pressing j
their stocks on the market. The outlook was
bearish, with prospects for further liquidation.
Local spot quotations were off a fraction, \
with light trading.
! Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 06@1 07*4: milling,
isl - i@l 12 : _
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session, 9:15 o'clock— December—
I Ctls, $1 '4'_
Second December looo ctls, $1 14%.
Regular morning session— December— ctls,
$1 14%.
Afternoon session— No sales.
BARLEY— The market continues dull, with a
tendency toward weaker prices.
Feed new, 91ft@97ftc; Brewing, $1 02ftifxl 07ft;
old Brewing, $1 05®1 10; Chevalier. $1 12ft@l 15
per Ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock-No sales.
i Second session-No sales.
Regular morning session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo j
ctls 89ftc; 2000 ctls, 89% c.
Afternoon session— December— 4ooo ctls, 91ftc;
seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls. Sfiftc.
! OATS— was a good demand yesterday, |
but the feeling was not flrm. New white are j
-filing at $1 20'ffl 40, and new red at $1 07ft® \
1 20; old are nominal.
CORN The market is dull and featureless.
with ample suppplies. Small round Yellow, j
$1 30®1 37. Pastern large Yellow. $1 10®1 15; |
White $1 lo®l 15; mixed, $1 10 per ctl; Cali
fornia White, $1 17ft®l 22%.
RYE— New is quoted at 90@92ftc per ctl and |
there have been free sales of late on shipping |
account.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Prices for these goods have not changed for
weeks and probably win not until th» raw
product changes.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60-713 75.
' usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40®3 55; Oregon
an. l Washington. $3 40i*_i3 60 per bbi for extra,
i $3 25®3 40 for bakers' and $2 2.'.'53 fur superfine.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
' Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal $2 50- Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 6004 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. $3 25*33 50; Buck- :
wheat Flour. $4*ff4 23; Cracked Wheat, $3 7.7; |
Farina .4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled I
Oats (barrels), $6 65®6 95; in sacks, $6 SEAS 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs. • '-
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay shows no change. Receipts were more ;
i moderate yesterday, but the feeling was rather
! weak than otherwise. Feedstuffs continued
steady at unchanged prices.
BRAN — $16#t16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50®19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley, $21 per. ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27-528; Jobbing.
$28 50*829; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornmeal,
$23 50&24 50; Cracked Corn. $24^25: Mixed Feed,
J15I816; Cottonseed Meal. $24@26 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $B®* 50 for good and $10 fori
choice; Wheat and Oat. $S'f?9; Oat. $7@S; Bar
ley. $7.[7: Alfalfa, $fiff7 60 per ton.
STRAW— 2*ftf4oc per bale. •
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There ls no further rise in Beans, but the
feeling is firm and the demand is active on
speculative account. Seeds and dried Peas re
main as before.
BEANS— Bay OS. $1 90®2; Small White. $2.^
2 15; Large White, $1 7001 80; Pinks. $2 10®2 15;
Reds, nominal: Blackeye. $11004 25; Butters,
nominal: Llrnas. $4 10(84 15; Pea. 52 10©2 25;
Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
| SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 2%(83c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed
£%c per lb; Alfalfa. 9®3ftc; Rape. 3S3ftc;
, Hemp. 4ftS4ftc: Timothy. 4%®sftc. ,
DRIED PEAS— $1 25@1 50; Green, $1 50
(g2 per ctl. ;* -7V7;
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The Vegetable market continues heavily, sup
plied, with a decline In river Tomatoes. Po
tatoes and Onions are also weak and plentiful.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. $1 2501 4": Early
Rose, $1(81 50; Burbanks, 5131 75 in boxes and
$I@l 50 in sacks on the wharf.
ONIONS— 65(875c per ctl for Sllversktns.
VEGETABLES 75c@$l 50 per box
for ordinary and $1 75©* 25 for fancy; Rhubarb,
25®. per box; Green Peas. 2ftc per Ib; String
Beans. 2JZ3c; Cabbage. 50c; Tomatoes. 2;.'t?.-.'
per box; Rivers, 75c@$l; Stockton. 75i@S5c; Egg
Plant. $1 25i@l 50; Green okra. 7'.ct>sl per box;
Garlic, 2®3c; Green Peppers, 50(875c for Chile
and $l@l 27, per box for Bell: Carrots, 305840 c
per sack: Bay Cucumbers, 40@50c; Summer
Squash, 12ft(825c for Bay; Green Corn, 50c@
$1 25 per sack for Vacaville, $1 25®1 50 per crate
for Alameda and 75@S5c for Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern was put on late in
the day. Local stock was dull and easy, owing
to the arrivals from the East.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®l2c for Gob
blers and ll@l2c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16
®lSc; Geese, per pair, $I®l 25: Goslings, $1 25
®1 50; Ducks, $303 50 for old and $3 60@5 for
young; Hens, $4 50®5 50; young Roosters, $6 50®
6 60; old Roosters, $4®4 50; Fryers, $4 50®5;
Broilers, $3®4 for large, $2 50®3 for smalL
Pigeons, $1 25<c_l 50 per dozen for old and $1 2d®
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 75c@$l per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Quotations for all descriptions remained
about the same. Supplies of Eggs are light
and they are firm. There is no scarcity in
Putter, but the market Is steady at 'the ad
vance already noted. Cheese stands the same.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 21'u21ftc; sec
onds, 19®20c „_
Dairy Fancy. 17ft©18c; good to choice, 16®
17c; Store, 14@15c per lb.
CHEESE- Choice mild new. Sftc; old, <ft®Sc;
Young America, Sft®9c: Eastern, 18@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15@17c for store and 201??
23c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 16@lSc for
No. l and 14(g15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The cannerß are paying the following prices:
reaches. $20 for frees and $30 for clings;. Apri
cots, $35^55 per ton, according to size and qual
ity and district; Bartlett Pears, $40®50 per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums, $20026 per ton.
Prices showed little change. Stocks of all
seasonable sorts were ample for all needs, but
a good demand kept them from accumulating.
Bartletl Pears tire coming in freely rrom Son
oma, and are very gdod, being of sufficient size
and clean and straight as a rule. Stocks of
Plums and Peaches seem to have become con-
Biderablj reduced of late, and there is no
longer any glut in either. Apples are in large
Ftock. Receipts of Melons are slowly increas
ing, but prices keep steady. Grapes are not
coming in very freely. Huckleberries are com
ing In. ...
Oranges, Lemons and Limes are quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS ' , n _
Apples, .7.7. 'ai 1 per large box; Crabapples, 30®
40c for small and 66@75c per large box.
BERRIES— Blackberries, J3'((4 60 per chest;
Strawberries, $3-85 per chest for small and 52..
2 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 7.0 7, per
chest; Logan berries, $^'(7 per chest; Huckle
berries, Sfc^ftc per lb.
Watei melons. $10®25 per 100.
Cantaloupes, $2 50@2 76 per crate; Nutmegs,
$I'Bl 75 per box and per crate.
Grapes, black and white. 60@85c per crate.
Currants. $5®6 '." per chest.
Green Pears, 25®75c per box, according to
size; Bartletts, $1(81 25 per box.
Nectarines, 50@60c per box for white and 65®
75c for red.
Figs 35®40c for single and 75c@$l per box
for double" layers of black and - — for white.
Apricots, 35i?iS5c per box.
Peaches, 25®40c per box and 30@40c per bas
ket. Crawfords, 60@60c per box and 35© 50c per
basnet.
Plums, 25®40c per box; Prunes, 35®->oc per
crate. .. __
CITRUS FRUlTS— Seedling Oranges, oOc®
$1 50; Valencias, $I@3; Lemons, 75c®l 50 for
common and $2@2 50 for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes. $4; California Limes. 25@50c per
small box: Bananas, $1 50®2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $I@2 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
After a long season of neglect Prunes are
waking up and business in them is decidedly
better Old crop lots are being taken up and
quotations for some sizes of the new crop have
already been established. There is an active
demand from Europe at 6'ic for 40-50' c, sftc for
50-60's and 4ftc per lb for 60-70's Of the new
crop in bags The European demand for
Prunes promises to be sharp this year, ..wing
to the partial failure of the French and Servian
crops. The California crop will be less than a
full crop, but will run to large sizes, and from
present Indications the Prune growers will real
ize large returns -this year.
Sale of new Nonpareil Almonds at 10c.
There is a very fair demand for new Honey,
which is not coming in very freely as yet
All new fruits are firm and in demand, with
a decided upward tendency. This will be a j
great dried fruit year. ... .
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes. &y for
40-50' s 5c for 50-60' s, 4.- for 60-70' s. 3%@3%c for ■
70-80' 2 3 4!-.3ftc for SO-90's. 2ftfa2%c for 90-100* a
and 2(Q2ftc 'or ioo-110's; Plums, nominal, lftc ;
for unpltted and 4ft(S6c for pitted. ;
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks 6. c for 40-50' Sftc for SO-eCs and 4' c
per lb for 60-70's; Apricots, SftCfilOftc for Roy
als, and lift's 12ftc for Moorparks; Peaches, S@
Sftc: Evaporated Apples. S<B9c.
RAISINS 3 a for ►crown. 4ftc for three
crown 5%c for four-crown, 4ft®6e for Seedless
Suit. 1:1. Sftc for Seedless Muscatels and $120
for London layers: Dried Grapes. 2ft'_:3c.
ICUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, s<gSc
for hardshell, lo®llc for sortsneil; Chile Wal
nuts, ll®12c: Almonds, new crop, 7ftc for
Languedoc and 9ftc for paper-shell; Pea
nuts, 6®7c for Eastern and 4ft(gsc for Califor
nia: Coe anuts, $4 50(85.
HONEY llc for bright and 10c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7'B7ftc;
light amber extracted, 6ft@6%c; "lark, Stioftc
per lb
BEESWAX— 24S2Sc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
While the market Is not as active as it has
been, owing to the midsummer season, the de
mand is still go.d, except for Bacon, which is
quieter. Hams continue to sell well. Prices
for everything are firm.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, Sftc per ' rt. for
heavy. 9@9ftc for light medium. He for light,
17...., for extra light and 13c for sugar cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13@13ftc; Califor
nia Hams. 12_tl2ftc; Mess Beef, $13 per bbi;
extra Mess Beef, 514; Family Beef, $15(815 50;
extra Prime Pork. $12 50: extra clear, $16 50;
mess, $16® 15 50; Smoked Peer, 12,- per lb.
LARD Tierces quoted at s>4.tsftc per lb for
compound and 6ft®7c for pur-, half barrels,
pure. 714 c; 10-lb tins, ;\'i-.': 5-lb tins, S®Sftc.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. *',"• .'.*■;",.-; packages,
less than 300 lbs 1-lb palls. 60 in a case. 9ftc;
.ill. palls. 20 in a case, Sftc; 5-tb pails. 12 in a
case. ■-'■••. 10-lb pails, 6 In a case. .-.-So; 50-lb
tins. i or -' in a case. 7ftc; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B l <.c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7**o; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides and Hops show no new features. The
latter are In demand, but growers decline to
contract at current bids.
. A local house says of Wool: "There Is noth
ing specially new to report in our local Wool
market. Choice Northern Wool is coming for
ward and finds ready sale at full figures. Most
of the Wool from the middle counties, as well
as from th- coast and the San Joaquin Val- ;
lev, has been marketed. Oregon Is sending i
down a liberal share of Its Wool clip, whicn
is being bandied by scourers. A limited quan- !
tity of Valley Oregon is being received, but j
Just yet these coarse Wools are not In demand. :
but we look for a good market for them In the j
fall. A few parcels of Southern Coast Lambs'
Wool have been received, but they do not at- I
tract attention. On the whole the outlook for
Wool Is as good as could be wished for."
HIDES AND SKINS Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10(810ftc; medium, 9®9"Ac; light. 9c;
Cowhides, 9c; Stags. Cc; Salted Kip, Pc; Calf,
10c: dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands.
13c- dry Kip and Veal, 18c; dry Calf, 17c; I
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20®80c each; short j
■Wool. Sf.fTfiOc each; medium, 70®90c; long- Wool, j
90c<8$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2®2 25 for
large and $1 25*51 50 for small; Colts, 25®50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4ftc per Ib; No.
2, S-aSfte; refined. ; grease. ; 2(s 2ftc.
WOOL — Spring Clips --San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months. 8®llc; Foothill and North
ern free, ll(814c; Foothill and Northern defect
ive 91011 c: Nevada, I1(8l4e; San Joaquin Foot
hill free, 10(812c; do defective, S(B9c: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 16~4®18c; Valley Oregon, 17./
18c; Pastern Oregon, 125514 c for choice and 9®
ii "Ac for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 15®17ftc per lb; 1859 crop,
12ft®13c bid and refused.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
HAGS— drain Bags have again advanced and
are firm. Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%®5%c; Wool
Bags, 2fi^j2'.c; San Quentin Rags, in second
hands, 5%c. |
COAL— Wellington. $*: per ton: New Welling
ton $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $9 in bulk and $10 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12;
Cannel. $S per ton: Rock Springs and Castit
Gate. $7 80; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
CORDAGE Manila, 12c; Sisal, llftc; Bale
Rope, lie: Duplex. lOftc basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. 75@S5c; As
paragus, $1 6002 85; Tomatoes. SOflSSc.
CANNED FRUITS— cherries. $1 75(82 30 for
black and $1 75(82 30 for white; Peaches. $1 25®
1 Eg; Pears, $1 45®1 75; Apricots, $1 20(J?1 65;
Plums, &ociSsl 25. .
COFFEE - Costa Rica — 13%®16c for prime
washed: 12ftf813c for good washed; llft(Bl2ftc
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10(8 llc for
good peaberry; 10fdl2c for good to prime; 9®9ftc
nominal for good current mixed with black
beans; B<B9ftc for fair: sft®7c for common to
ordinary. Salvador— 10fll2e for good to prime
washed: S<B9ftc for fair washed; 10ft®llftc for
good to prime washed peaberry*: 7%®Sc for su
perior unwashed; 7%®7ftc for good green un
washed; '.<'■• I* >-.•'- for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua — nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9®9ftc nominal for good
to' prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— l4Bl6c for prime to fancy washed;
10® 12c for good to strictly good washed: 7"i 4 ft
10c for fair washed; 6%®7ftc for medium; 5®
6ftc for Inferior to ordinary: 10®llftc for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9®9ftc for good un
washed peaberry; 7%<gSc for good to superior
unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Is quoted as follows:
50-lb bdls, 40c; 100-ib cases, selected, sc; strips.
5%c for Norway, 7c for Narrow-Gauge, and Sc
for Silver King; boneless, eftc: blocks. 7c for
Seabright; Crown brand Tablets, Sc; Middles,
7e for Golden State and 10c for White Seal:
Desiccated- Gilt Edge, per dozen, S7ftc.
LEATHER— A local circular says: "Some
lines of Leather have been comparatively quiet,
but the general leather trade can be quoted as
entirely satisfactory. It may be said that there
is too small a margin between the raw material
and the finished product, and the tanners are
now laying in stocks of very high-priced hides,
which will show a loss when any reaction in
the market occurs. The real market has been
in harness and skirting and heavy sole Leather.
Large quantities of harness and skirting are
being shipped to the West and Southwest,
where California Leather, owing to its superior
quality finds a ready sale at fair prices. Sole
Leather has been doing fairly well." Sole, heavy,
25®28c per lb; Sole Leather, medium, 25@26c;
Bole Leather, light. 25(826c; rough Leather,
heavy, 25®26c: rough Leather, light, 25^J26c;
Harness Leather, heavy, 32@33c; Harness
Leather, medium, 30(832c; Harness Leather,
light, 29@30c; Collar Leather, 15(8l6c per foot:
Kip. finished, 40@45c per lb; Veal, finished, ."'""a
55c; Calf, finished, 7*>c(Bsl 20; Sides," finished, 16 |
©17c per foot; Kelt Knife Splits,* 14®16c; rough ]
Splits, SSilOc per'lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil, eases. No.. 1. 75c;
pure. $1 10; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 50c;
/aw. 4Sc; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra winter j
strained, barrels, 47c; No. 1. 42ftc; cases 5c i
more; China Nut, 50c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot j
Oil, barrels, 60c; cases, 66c; Sperm, pure, 80c; ;
Whale Oil. natural white, 32 : -c. Paciflc Rubber i
Mixed Paints, white and house colors. $1 25®1 35 j
per gallon: wagon colors. $2'B 2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPHTHA
—Water white Coal Oil in bulk, llftc per gal- |
lon; Pearl Oil, in cases, lfii.c; Astral Oil, I6ftc;
Star Oil. 16ftc; Extra Star Oil; 20ftc; Elaine
Oil, 21ftc; Eocene Oil, l«ftc; Deodorized Stove
; Gasoline, In bulk. 16c; in cases. 21c; Benzine, in
I bulk. ISfto; in cases, 20ftc; S6 degree Gasoline,
I In bulk. 21c: In cases 26c.
| CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s. 16 oz,
| l 4 e; Os, 14 oz. 7ftc; 65, -12 oz, 6ftc; 6s. 10 oz,
■ Sftc: 12s, 12 oz. 7>-4C Granite Mining) Candles—
6s. 16 oz. 9ije: 6s. 11 oz. B>Jc; 6s, 12 oz, 7ftc; 6s,
10 OS, 6%0. Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4«,
6s. white, 9ftc; 12s. lOftc; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD -Quoted at 5%(g6c; Red Lead
and Litharge, 5%(g6c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; in iron barrels,
sfic: in wooden barrels, 58c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 45c; raw, barrels,
43c; cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S43 per flask for local use.
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; ;
Powdered. Sftc; Candy Granulated, 6ftc; Dry i
Granulated sftc; Confectioners' A, sftc: Cali- I
fornia A. 4ftc; Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C. 4V ;
Golden c. 4ftc: barrels. l-16c more; half-barrels. 1
ftc more; boxes, ftc more; 50-lb bags, ftc more. 1
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its ;
equivalent. Domtnos, half-barrels, Sftc; boxes, j
6ftc per lb.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine, i
i ordinary sizes, $16*717; extra sizes, higher; j
Redwood. $17-318 for No. 1. and $15016 for No. 2; !
, Lath, 4 feet, $2 20-82 30; Pickets, $18; Shingles, i
j $1 50@l 75 for common, and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$21@27.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef is weaker. Mutton and Lamb are firm.
Veal continue* unsettled, being firm one day
and weak the next, according as the supply
! varies. Hogs have again advanced, being '
; scarce.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
, BEEF— 7<&Bc per lb for Steers and 6ft<B7c for i
Cows.
VEAL SOllc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7®7ftc; Ewes, 6ft®7c
; per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, s%®sftc for small. 6«6ftc j
for medium and sft®s%c for large; stock Hogs
; and Feeders, Sftc; dressed Hogs, 7@Bftc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, July IS. j
: Flour, qr sks 5.0?$ Sugar, sks 1,900
, Wheat, ctls 720 Sugar, bbls 15.
j Barley, -'tis 2.455 Powder, ear 1 !
I Oats, . tls 1.540 Paper, reams 2,700 I
j Corn, ctls 10 Quicksilver, flks. 62 i
i Rye. 'tis 340 Leather, rolls 160 i
i Putter, ctls 296 Wine, gals 27,300 !
i Cheese, ctls 15 Eggs, doz 14,220 !
1 Tallow, ctls ..... 212 Hides, no 653
I Beans, sks 273 Pelts, bdls 321 '
1 Middlings, sks... 254 Straw, tons 28 j
| Potatoes, sks 3.9 f Hay. tons 526
I Onions, sks 225 Wool, bags 147
i Bran, sks 1.27.7
OREGON.
Wool bales 1071 .
THE STOCK MARKET.
i Securities were quiet on the morning session,
i and quotations showed no changes worthy of
; note.
Mining stocks stood about the same. The tel
egram from the pump said: "No. 1 elevator has
; been working continuously. The water is 194
' feet 10 Inches below the 1750-foot level."
I Yesterday the directors of the Best ft Belcher
I and Gould * Curry elected Heber Holman as
1 superintendent of both mines, to succeed the
late Patrick Kervin. .■■
Challenge levied an assessment of 10 cents.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY', July 18-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 15 16
4s quar coup.. 112 — Oakland Gas.. 48 47%
4s quar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 70$ 714
4s- quar new.. — — Pac LCo 40 —
i3s quar coup. .loß 108$ SF G & E 70 71
Miscellaneous — San Fran .... 34 —
Cal-st Cab 55. 113$ — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55... 109 103$ Insurance—
i E I. ft P6B 180$ — Firem's Fund. 227 —
I F ft Cl Ry 65. 1164118 Bank Stocks—
I Geary-st R 7s. — 100 Anglo-Cal 65$ —
H C ft S 545. 1074 — Bank of CaL. — 297$
L A Ry 7s — 107$ Cal SD & T.. — 99 '
L A LCo 65.. M — First Nationl.2l9 —
Do gntd 65.. .. — Loo Pft A. 1294 —
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Mer Exchange — ' 16
Market-st 65. .1264 — Nev Nat 8k...180 —
Do Ist M 5s 116$ — Savings Banks—
NCN C R 7s. 109 — Ger S & L..1615 — i
N Ry Cal 1134114 Hum Sft L.1050 1160
N Rof Cal r.5.114 — Mutual Say.. 34 424
NPC R R 6s. — - S F Say U... 5124 —
N P C R R 7s. — 1054 S & L 50.... — 85
N Cal R R ss. 11l — Security SB.— 300
,OGL ft H 65. 11 l — Union T Co.. — 144.3
] Oak Transt 65. 110 1104 Street Railroads—
Om C Ry 65. .127 130 California 116 —
Pft Cl Ry 6s. 1044 — Geary 60 —
'■ P ft O6s 115 — Market-st 61 61$
: Powell st 65... 118 1224 Oak S Lft H. — —
Sac 171 Ry ss. - - Presidio — 16
S F ft N P 7s. 113 « — I Powder—
S F & S JV55. 11441154 California .... — 165
, Sierra R Cal6s.loS4 - E Dynamite... — 95
|SP of A 65. ..110 111 Giant Con Co. 724 734
SP C 6s(l9oS).ll__ 112$ Vlgorit — 3
SP C 65(1906). — 1144 Sugar
s'. P C 1912). 118 1224 Hana P C 0.... 17"., 17$
|SPC Is eg os. — 1074 Haw C&S C. 944100 i
Is PBr 6s — — Hutch S P Co. 33$ 34 j
S V Wat 65... 116$ — Kilauea S Co. 294 32 i
S V Wat 45.... 10441044 Makaweli S C. 474 —
S V W 4s(3rm)lol — .Onomea S Co. 394 40$ I
Stktn Gas .1024 — Paauhau SP. 39$ 01% I
Water Stocks — | Miscellaneous
Contra Costa.. 73$ 74 Al Pac Assn. .ll4 115 I
Marin Co 50 — I Ger Ld Wk5.. 250 — I
Spring Valley. lol4lols' Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric — [Oceanic S Co. 91 92 '
Capital Gas... — — |Pac A F A 1$ —
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.134. 134 135
Cent Lft P... 6$ — Par Paint Co.. 74 —
Eqult G L Co. 4$ 5 .
Morning Session.
Board —
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 109 00
105 Contra Costa Water 74 00
$2000 Market St Ry con 5 per cent bds..H6 26
10 Market Street Railway 60 87$
10 Mutual Electric Light ...15 00 1
100 Pacific Lighting 40 00 I
5 Pacific Lighting 40 25
26 San Francisco Gas ft Electric Co 70 25 \
Street— .yf
5 Bank of California 297 50
200 California Safe Deposit 98 00 >
$5000 S F ft S J V bonds 115 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Bank of California 295 00
$2000 Contra Costa Water bonds 109 00
20 Contra Costa Water 74 00
100 Contra Costa Water 73 87$
20 Giant Powder Con 73 23
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
100 Onomea Sugar Co 40 00
25 Paauhau S P Co * 39 75
150 Paauhau S P Co 39 50
Street—
15 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
$1000 S V 6 per cent bonds, s 10 116 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session,
b Board—
GO Paauhau. S PCo 3975
. 150 Vigorlt Powder 3 124
65 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
10 Contra Costa Water 73 874
20 Contra Costa Water 74 00
Afternoon Session.
Board
$2000' S V W 4 per cent bonds. (2d mort.lo4 50
in. Vigorlt Powder 3 00
IS Market Street Railway 80 75
20 San Francisco Gas ft Electric Co 70 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water 73 75
! .-.0 Equitable Gas 500
30 Equitable Gas ..'. 4 874
40 Market Street Railway fin 75
10 Paauhau S P Co 40 25 !
20 Paauhau S P Co 40 124
20 Paauhau S PCo 40 00 ]
, 25 San Francisco Gas ft Electric Co 70 /)
15 San Francisco Gas ft Electric Co 69 87$
Afternoon Session.
Board
-150 Equitable Gas 4 874
40 Hana Plantation Co 17 7.7
15 Hana Plantation Co 17 87$
60 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
70 Onomea Sugar Co „ 40 o*l '
40 Market Street Railway 6100
30 Spring Valley Water 10175
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. .
300 Alta OS 100 Ophir 110
200 Best & Belcher 51 ion Potosl «
300 Con Cal & Va.l 90 300 Potosl .......... "
300 Con Imperial... 02 200 Sierra Nevada. *,
500 Mexican 52 100 Yellow Jacket. 3.
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 55 300 Ophir 1 15
100 Best & Belcher 54 1'" Overman '-
1200 Bullion 00 2100 Potos -7'
100 Caledonia 64 500 Potosl «'
700 Chollar 33 100 Savage ... -<
1000 .hollar ..' 34 100 Seg Belcher.... OS ,
100 Con cal & Va.2 05 400 Sierra Nevada. 63
200 Con Cal ft Va.2 10 200 Union Con .... «
500 Gould ft Curry 40 2300 Union Con .... *>
100 Bale & Norers 41 . 600 Yellow Jacket. 36
300 Mexican 56 '
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 51 300 Hale & Norers 37
200 Best & Belcher i 1550 Hale ft Norers 3*»
200 Best & Belcher 53 400 Mexican »
300 Bullion OS 150 Mexican 54
200 Chollar 26 300 Mexican 53
600 Chollar 27 500 Potosi «
700 Chollar 23 200 Potosl ?0
7*. "Con CtU ft V.l 97ft 200 Potosl ......... g
250 Con Cal & V.T.I 2110 Sierra Nevada. 61
100 Con Cal ft V...1.0 1000 Sierra Nevada, b^
; 400 Gould & Curry 39 600 Sierra Nevada. 63
200 Gould & Curry 38 500 Union Con J*
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 16 400 Hale & Norers 42
700 Best ft Belcher 54 200 Mexican So
1000 Bullion 09 200 occidental ..... 26
200 Caledonia 62 300 ophir 1 IZft
200 challenge Con. 25 1 200 Ophir 11"
300 Chollar 301 300 Potosl •«
1200 chollar 31, 500 Potosi o4
600 Chollar 33 1 300 Potosl 5-;
300 Chollar 341 200 Potosl SB
3"0 (.'hollar 32' 200, Potosl J<
250 Con Cal & V.2 02ft 400 Potosl 59
400 Con Cal & V...2 00 400 Potosi 60
200 Con Cal ft V.l 97ft 770 Savage ""if"
200 Gould & Curry 40 300 Sierra Nevada 62ft
350 Hale & Norers 40 200 Union Con .... 39
200 Hale ft Norers 41 200 Yellow Jacket. 36
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. July 18—4 p. m.
A.pha Bld.Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05'justlce 07 08
Alta 08 09 Kentuck 03 Oo
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher 25 26 Mexican -.4 55
Best & Belcher 53 56 Occidental 25 —
Bullion 00 10 Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 63 ii. Overman 11 13
Chollar 30 31 Potosi 55 56
Challenge Con.. 21 24 Savage "* 27
Confidence S5 90 Scorpion 02 03
Con Cal ft Va.l 90 200 Seg Belcher.... 07 OS
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 82 63
Crown Point... 25 26 Silver Hill .... 01 03 I
Eureka Con 50 — Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — 04 Standard 225 2 40-
Exchequer — 04 St Louis — 16 1
Gould ft Curry 39 41 Union Con .... 3S 39 ;
Hale & Norers 40 42 Utah 12 13
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 34 36 :
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
i No.
Day of
Sale.
In the
Board.
Id A Curry.... I 86
, Imperial ....! 42
t & Belcher.. l 67
:ice | 65
ir I 75
la [ 22
her ! 61
ra Nevada ; 116
llenge I ..
..July 3 ..July 27 18
..July n!..Auz. 101 01
..July ..Aug. 25] 10
..Aug. s. .Aug. 29! 10
..Aug. ..Aug. 28 15
I.. Aug. 12 ..Sept. 7 03
..Aug. 14 ..Sept. 6 10
..Aug. 16 ..Sept. 7 13
'..Aug. 18 ..Sept. .. 10
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary A. Weaver to John Fitzgerald, lot on NW
; line of Mission street, 96 SW of lands of estate
j of Peter George and 511:9 NE from St. Mary's
i lane, SW 29. by W 137:6: also all personal prop
erty on said premises: $10.
John McDonnell to James Orr. lots 15 and 16,
block 387, South San Francisco Homestead and
j Railroad Association; grant.
Union Lumber Company (corporation) to P.
! Auzenhofer. lot 2S, block 2. Syndicates First
j Addition: $100.
Albert Schohay to Caroline, wife of Albert
Schohay lot on N line of Lombard street, 261:6
E of Devisadero, E 25 by N 137:6; gift.
Golden West Building and Loan Association
to John Pforr, lot on S line of Oak street, 50
E of Broderick. E 50 by S 110; $6500.
Alice Kane to Hans Hennlngsen. lot on S
line of Oak street, 181:3 W of Ashbury, W 25
I by S 137:6; $2300.
E. R. and Jeannette Thomason to Nathan T.
Smith, lot on W line of Folsom street, 155 S of
j Twenty-first, S 40 by W 122:6.
Same to Mary L. Smith. lot on W line of
Folsom street, 195 S of Twenty-first, S 40 by W
122:6; $10.
Hannah B. Baker to William Baker, lot on N
line of Twenty-second street. 55 W of Bartlett.
N 653% W to a point 120 W of Bartlett and
6<-.*.ij N of Twenty-second. S 69:Si^, E 70; gift.
Henry S. Kahler to George Plummer, lot on
SW corner Castro and Fifteenth streets, W 120
by S 71:9: $10.
John Schont to Alice J Sohont. lot on N line
of Twenty-fifth street, 50 E of Harrison, E 25
by N 104; gift.
Jules A. Simon and Jules Le Maitre (by H. M.
; Covert, cmr) to Golden Rule Mutual Building
1 and Loan Association, lot on E line Alabama
: street, 100 S of Twenty-fifth, S 40 by E 100;
I $2909.
Moses and Marie Reinhart to Austin Walrath,
I lot on E line of Dolores street, 51:6 N of Thir
! tieth, N 25 by E 100; $10.
I Leopold and Emily Hirsch to Acme Building
and Loan Association, lot on W line of Hoffman
(Ellen) street. 30:6 S of Alvarado, S 25 by W
100, lot 160, Heyman Tract; $10.
David and Albertlne Da»is to same, lot on W
line of Guerrero street. SO S of Fifteenth, S 25
by W 100: also lot on W line of Tremont ave
nue (Minnie), 128:9 N of Frederick street, N 25
by W SO; $10.
Columba Campodonlco to Teresa Santini, lot
on E line of Vincent street, 67:6 S of Union, S
20 by E 58:0%; $800.
Charles w.. Adolph and Anna Petry and
Elizabeth Hutchings (Petry) to Julius S.
Godeau. lot on S line Card alley, 119:6 W of
' Stockton street. W 18 by S 61; $10.
! J. S. and Wilhelmina Godeau to Caterlna,
I wife of F. Foppiano, same: $10.
Estate of Donald C. Mcßeur (by Elizabeth
P. Mcßeur, executrix) to M. A. Gunst, lot on
: SE corner of O'Farrell and Powell streets, E
; 25 by S 80; $58,500.
Moses A. and Ophelia Gunst (by Alfred I.
Esburg, attorney) to Thomas J. Regan, same;
i $10. -_ •
Maria and Jean Labat to Sophie Petsch. lot
i on S line of Green street. 183:9 W of Powell.
j W 22:6 by S 137:6: $10.
M. J. Fontana, S. L. Goldstein and William
: Fries (Fontana ft Co.) to California Fruit
! Canners' Association (a corporation), lot on S
line of Vandewater street, 91:8 W of Mason.
; W 137:6. S 60. E 117:7. S 60, E 22:11, N 120; also
lot on N line of Francisco street, 229:2 W of
; Mason. W 45:10 by N 120; also lot on N line of
Vandewater street, 68:9 E of Taylor. E 45:10
by N 60; also all real estate in San Francisco ]
used in said copartnership, excepting property i
I known as Pioneer Woolen Mills property; also '
i property outside of county; $10.
John E. Kipp to Louise F. Klpp (wife of J.
E). lot on W line of Utah street, 77 N of Mar
i iposa, N 25 by W 100; gift. .-y •
Alameda County.
| Jane Colvin to Jessy Davis (wife of Samuel), j
lot on N line of Clinton street. 175 W of Sum- '
I mit. N 100. W 27. N 25. W 100. thence S to a j
I point E 204 to beginning, being lots 1 to 6 and j
• P 100 feet of lot 7, block A. new town of Lynn,
! East Oakland; also lot on SE corner of Thir
! teenth avenue and county road. No. 1135, SE
j 99. W 114:0. N 59:4 to beginning. East Oak
land; $10.
H. D. and Alys Scribner to Charles Groos
lot on E line of St. Charles street. 200 S of San
Antonio avenue, S 50 by F. 100, being portion
Fitch and Sharon Tract. Alameda: $10.
California Paving Company (a corporation)
to George W. Monroe, lot on N line of Blake
street, 92.23 W of Grove avenue. W 50 by N
130. being lot 9. block E. Crystal Springs Tract,
subject to a mortgage for $900. Berkeley: $10.
Clara B. Sterling to R. J. McMullen. lots 15
{ and 16. block V, amended map Moss Tract. I
Brooklyn Township: $10.
! Emily E. and Albert Magor to Jane Colvin, j
same. Brooklyn Township: $10. -,-...:
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JULY 19.
rises 5:02
sets 7-23
1 sets 1:19 a . m.
3 Time Time Time Time]
1 \ [ Ft. j 1 Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
> L W II W L Wl H W
7.. 2:34; -0.3! 9:59 4.0 1:43 3.1; 8:00 6.1
... 3:24—0.7! 10:44 ' 4.5 2:44 3.1 9:00' 6.3
...I 4:11! 1.0 11:26 4.7! 3:44 3.0 9:50| 6.4
... 4:561-1.1: 12:08! 5.0 4:40! 2.7! 10:46' 6.4
...| 5:401—1.1! 12:40 5.2 5:34| 2.3: 11:40 6.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day. in the order of occurrence as to time. The
'second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
I and the last or right hand column gives the
; last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference ip the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch , Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N , Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
July IS. 1599. y fjt
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE!
£_r» £?& £&
fyy THURSDAY. July 20. a' 11 o'clock.
At GREAT WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
At l""^ 310 GOLDEN GATE AYE.
I will sell at public auction 60 head of draft
and driving horses, suitable for all purposes
•This stoVkls in fine condition and will be sold
wlthout "mlt or ATKINS , Auctlnnfer -
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
America Maru.. [China and Japan Ju y 18
Cleveland Puget Sound IJulj 19
Columbia Portland July i>
Corona [San Diego July .l 3
Woeott Humboldt U" > "
Aloha Point Arena Ju > 19
Robt. Adamson.lNanalmo Ju > l*
Sunol [Grays Harbor.. July 20
Colon .Panama It i v ">r>
Washtenaw ....ITacoma J" J* -°
Fulton IPortland {» >; 21
Luella 'Tillamook Ju J -1
Bonlta Newport Jui> .1
Walla Walla... (victoria & Puget Sound July 21
Australia [Honolulu Ju V 21
Point Arena. ...lPolnt Arena Ju y 21
Mackinaw ITacoma •'" > -}
Pomona 'Humboldt J" > 21
Homer [St. Michael Ju y 23
Willamette ISeattle Ju > -3
Progreso Seattle J" --
Santa Rosa 'San Diego Ju y 2.4
Bristol [Departure Bay July ..!
Siam (Nanaimo Uuly 24
State California Portland July 2*
Crescent City.. (Crescent City July 24
North Fork Humboldt [July 2 *
Coos Bay Newport 'July 25
Umatilla 'Victoria A Puget Sound July 26
Chas Nelson... 'St. Michael July ?.;>
City of Peking. 'China and Japan July -ft
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
I Pier.
A Blanch'dlCoos Bay Uuly 19, 1" am Pier 13
Coquille R. [Grays Harbor] July 19, 2 pmlPier 28
Coos Bay... I Newport I.luiv 19, * am'P'er 11
Areata [Coos Bay [July 19. 10 amJPler 13
City PueblaiVlc & Pgt Sd.Uuly 20. 10 am Pier 4
Weeott .... Humboldt July JO. 2 Pier 13
Portland 'St. Michael. ..l July 20. 2 pm!
Aloha |Point Arena.. [July 20. 3 pmPier 8
Corona (Son P1»to 'July M. 11 am' Pier '1
Sunol .[Grays Harbor] July 22. 12 mlPler IS
America M. China AJapanlJuly 22. 1 pm'PMSS
Columbia ..Portland July 22. 10 am Pier 24
Cleveland ..(Puget Sound.. Uuly 22. 5 pm Pier 2
Del Norte.. ' Alaska 'July 22. 2 pm Pier 24
Pomona ...'Humboldt 'July 23. 2 pm Pier »
Luella Tillamook July 23. 10 am Pier 3
Bonita ....'Newport IJuly 23. ft am Pier 11
Fulton 'Humboldt July 24. 10 am Pier 20
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. July 24. 2 Pier 3
Santa RosalSan Diego July 25. 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall! Vic A Pgt Sd.Uuly 25, 10 am Pier 9
Australia ..'Honolulu [July 26. 2 pmlPier 7
State of Portland (July 27. 1" anjlPler ,4
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
*
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. July 18.
Stmr Portland, Lundqulst, 14 days from St.
Michael.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson. 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 16 hours from
Whitesboro.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, 6 days from
Com ox.
Brig Harriet G, Wayland, 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Twilight, Hansen, 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Newark, Beck, 17 hours from. Bowers
Landing.
! Schr Corinthian, Korth, 20 hours from Bowens
| Landing.
j Schr Coqullle, Pearson, 3 days from Coqullle
! River. .
Schr Reliance, Hagenah, 16 hours from
j Fisks Mills.
Schr Gem, Nelson. 3 days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, July 18.
Stmr San Juan, Brown. Panama and way
I ports: Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo; R.
Dunsmulr's Sons.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka: Goodall,
Perkins ft Co.
Stmr North Fork, Basch, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro; Goodall,
' Perkins ft Co.*
Haw bark- Mauna Ala, Honolulu; J. D.
Spreckels ft Bros. Co.
Haw bark Santiago, Ingalls, Hilo; J. D.
Spreckels ft Bros. Co.
SAILED
Tuesday, July 15.
Stmr San Juan. Brown, Panama and way
' ports.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson,
Stmr Cleone. Tlgglns,
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka.
Br ship Benares, Sims. Queenstown.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Johansen, Stewarts
Point. ••
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Webfoot. Atwood. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 18. 10 p. m.— Weather
■ thick; wind SW, velocity 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Santiago loads merchandise for Hilo.
The George C. Perkins loads lumber at Ta
' coma for Hilo; W. F. Wltzmann. lumber at
j Port Blakeley for Honolulu; Helen N. Kim
| ball, lumber at Tacoma for Mahukona.
SPOKEN.
i June 21— Lat 24.45 N lon 48 W. ship Alexander
: Gibson, from Baltimore for San Francisco. .
July 4— Lat 12 N lon 26 W, Br ship Lord
! Cairns' from Swansea for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, July 17.— Stmr Matteawan, from
Norfolk for San Francisco, arrived at Punta
i Arena July 8 after grounding at Satellite
| Patch July 2, and was hauled off leaking bad
ly. Leak was Btopped by divers. Will repaia
i at cost of £2000 -and proceed.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Portland, from St. Michael— July
6, 7:30 a. m., 60 SSW from Nunivak Island, met
j stmr St. Paul, hence June 25, for St. Michael,
| all well; same time saw a large four-masted
I schooner. July 7, 60 miles N of Nunivak Pass,
I met a bark. 7:30 p. m., same date, spoke U 3
1 R C Corwln, with barge ln tow, for Unimak
Pass. iffl l .**
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July Bktn Leslie D.
for Port Blakeley.
ST. MlCHAEL— Arrived June 17— Brig Court
ney Ford, hence May 13; wh stmr Jeanette,
from Honolul. June IS— stmr Garonne,
from Victoria. June 19— Schr J. M. Colman.
from New Whatcom. June 20--- Stmr Mary F.
Graff, from Dawson; stmr Seattle No. 3, from
Dawson; barge Seattle No. 4, from Dawson;
stmr Arnold, from Dawson; Br stmr Sybil,
from Comox. June 21— Stmr Seattle, from
Dawson. June 22— Schr Bear, from Cape
Nome. June 24 — Stmr Monarch, from Dawson:
stmr Roanoke, from Seattle; stmr -Portland
from Victoria. June 27. — Stmr- Discovery, from
Seattle; stmr Elihu Thomson, from Vancouver;
stmr • Alliance, from Seattle; schr Nettie G.
Thurston,, from Seattle. June 26— Stmr Vic
toria, from Dawson; CMI wh stmr Bowhead.
From Yokohama. June 27— Stmr Bertha, hence
June 9. June 2S— Bark Oregon, from Comox;
schr Ethel Zane. hence May 21: stmr Robert
Kerr, from Dawson. June 29 — Stmr Laurada,
from Seattle. June 20-Stmr John J. Healy.
from Dawson: stmr Homer, hence June 6 with
tow; stmr Harmak, from Dawson. July l—
Stmr Lakme, from Seattle. July 2 — Stmr Na
tional City, from Seattle, with tow. July 3 —
Stmr Oil City, from Dawson: stmr Brunswick,
from New Whatcom, with tow; bktn Catherine
Sudden, hence May 28.
Sailed June 20— Schr Bear, for Cape Nome.
June 29— Br stmr Sybil, for Dawson. June 2" —
Schr Chassour. from Cape Nome. June 27— Schr
Mary Ann. for Cape Nome; schr Nellie G.
Thurston, for Cape Nome. June 30— Stmr Susie,
for Dawson. July Chil wh stmr Bowhead.
for North Pacific Ocean; brig Courtney Ford,
for Port Townsend; stmr P. B. Weare, for
Dawson; stmr Alliance, for Seattle. July 2 —
Stmr John J. Healy, for Dawson. July 3—
Stmr Mary F. Graff, for Dawson: stmr "Lau
rada. for Seattle; stmr Portland, for San
Francisco. * ' -».»■ '
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived July IS— Schr
Bender Bros, hence July 9.
POINT ARENA- Arrived July 18— Stmr
Greenwood. hence July 17.
WESTPORT— July 18— Stmr Aloha,
hence July 16.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arived July IS— Schr
Wing and Wing, hence June 29.
EUREKA— Arrived July 15— Stmr Weeott.
hence July .15: bktn Uncle John, from Hilo;
schr Esther Buhne. from Newport S; schr
Eclipse, hence July 7
PORT LOS ANGELES— July IS— Stmr
Pasadena, from Eureka, and sailed for
VENTURA— Arrived July IS— Schr T. C. Hill,
from Grays Harbor.
SAN EGO— Arrived July IS— Schr Roy
Somers. from Port Gamble.
ASTORIA— SaiIed July IS-Schr Novelty, for
Callao.
SAN PEDRO Sailed July IS-Stmr Navarro,
for Arrived July IS— Schr Comet, from Ta.
coma.
EUREKA— July 18— Schr Fortuna. for
San Francisco.
FORT B'RAGG— Sailed July 18— Stmr Novo,
for San Francisco ...
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO— Arrived July 3— Ger ship Malpo.
from Tacoma.
SHlELDS— Arrived July 15— lta] ship Fran
cesco Ciampa. hence March 3. Sailed July 14—
Br shin Godlva, for San Francisco: Br ship
Rnjore, for San Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed July 17- U S stmr Warren
for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— SaiIed July 17— Br bark Inver
mav. for San Francisco.
NAVIDAD— Sailed June 2*— Schr Martha W
Tuft, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU Arrived July 2— Schr A. J
West, from Grays Harbor; schr Fannie Adele!
from Grays Harbor.
VICTORIA— Passed up July IS— Br stmr
Garonne, from St. Michael for Vancouver
- VALPARAISO— Arrived July chil bark
Bundaleer. from Newcastle. N. S. W.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July Stmr Do
minion, from New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived July 18— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from New York; stmr Anchorla,
from New York. ."-■>'* VALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SECRET CONTRACT IS
BROUGHT TO LIGHT
Traffic in Dead Bodies the Basis of
a Financial Deal
Coroner Mehrmann Threatened to Smash James Mc-
Carthy's Head if He Ever Divulged Any of
the Morgu. Location Scandal.
OAKLAND, Nov. 28, 1898. 1t is hereby covenanted and
agreed between H. B. Mehrmann, the party of the first
part, and the firm of Blair, McCarthy & Clark, the party
of the second part, that in consideration of value by the party of
the first part, he hereby covenants and agrees to establish the
Morgue at the quarters of the party of the second part for the
whole four years of his term of office as Coroner.
And the party of the second part does hereby agree and cov
enant to provide a suitable Morgue, to fit up and furnish an office
for the Coroner, to provide a suitable place where inquests shall be
held and to furnish and pay a competent deputy for said Coroner.
And it is further covenanted and agreed that should any un
foreseen accident or death occur to the party of the first part, that
his estate or assigns shall pay to the party of the second part one
hundred and four dollars for each and every month of the term
said Coroner would have been In office. Said one hundred and
four dollars per month is only to be made payable in case said Cor
oner's office shall be taken away from the place provided by said
party of the second part. (Signed)
h. b. mehrmann.
James McCarthy,
J. BLAIR,
W. S. CLARK.
Extract from a political contract.
Oakland Oflice San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, July 18.
The secret deal leading up to the un
seemly row between the Supervisors and
Coroner Mehrmann has been laid bare. It
shows one of the most remarkable
schemes to profit by the county's mu
tilated dead that was ever brought into |
public notice. Not till to-day was it
known how a public offlce and the emol
uments and perquisites can be bartered
and sold, the price, of course, always
having to be paid from the public treas
ury.
It has long been known that there was
a dark secret story behind all the political
trouble in the county government. Yes
terday Dr. Mehrmann showed the animus
existing on both sides, and to-day every
body felt free to talk and took advantage
of the freedom.
Three weeks after Coroner Mehrmann's
election Messrs. Blair and Clark, two Sac
ramento undertakers, appeared in Oak
land and gave out that they had money to
Invest ln business. They approached
James McCarthy, a local undertaker, and
showed him what purported to be a con
tract between them and Dr. Mehrmann
setting forth that In consideration of $5000
the Coroner-elect would establish the
Morgue where the two men decided to lo
cate in business. . irk and Blair con- .
suited with McCarthy, with the result that
It was agreed that the three should go ,
into business on ;i basis of JSOiX* as capital. i
McCarthy was to provide handsome quar
ters for the Morgue to represent his $6000
in the capital. He leased two stores, en
gaged a deputy, contracted for an ex
pensive dead wagon from the Bast cost
ing $800, and on January 1 was all pre
pared to enter, upon the Morgue business.
Messrs. Clark and Blair were to put Into
the business $3000 and were to be credited
with ?,'*""" as capital on the strength of the
deal they declared they had made with
Dr. Mehrmann. and which they gave as
surances was transacted in good faith at
a local bank. As New Year's day ap
proached (the time tiie Coroner was to
take office* Messrs. Blair and Clark were
not quite so positive thai they wanted to
ratify their partnership with McCarthy;
notwithstanding the fact that all their
advertisements .>. re out, that they had
caused the cards of I he firm to be placed
in the new directory and that the hand
some dead-wagon with "Blair, McCarthy
& Clark" was delivered In Oakland with
all its shining silver-plated trapping:.;
ready for the opening of ; .'- new Morgue.
Many conversations were held as to the
manner in which the $5000 which Clark
and Blair alleged they had paid Dr. Mehr
mann was to; come back to the firm. The
records of the dead for vera! years past
■were carefully gone over, and it was
agreed that in consideration of the growth
of Oakland and the certain increase of
morgue business owing to it being a rail
road town, the figures of Dr. Baldwin's
administration should be the basis of the
new deal in th* traffic of dead bodies.
Dr. Baldwin's figures showed that he
held 175, 185. 16! and 19.8 inquests during
his four ears In office. This was figured
out as supplying an average of sixteen
OAKLAND GIRL WEDS
IN THE FROZEN NORTH
ALBERTA SWAN THE BRIDE OF
REV. A. E. HETHERINGTON.
Sacks of Gold Dust for Wedding Gifts
and Rice at 35 Cents Per
Pound Was Not Too Cost
ly to Throiv.
OAKLAND. July 18.— Particulars have
.-just been received by friends here of the
marriage of Miss 8. Alberta Swan of
Fruitvale to Rev. Albert E. Hetherington,
which nappy event took place at Dawson
City on June 20, Rev. Dr. Grant, a Pres
byterian minister, officiating, assisted by
Rev. James Warren.
Among the wedding presents, according
to the account, was a sack of gold dust
and a roll of greenbacks to the amount of
$235; The bride also received some very
pretty nuggets. A great throng saw the
bridal couple off on their wedding trip at
the wharf, and though rice costs 33 cents
a pound this indispensable feature was
not omitted.
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 6. M.
Swat: formerly of High street. Fruitvale.
Last February sho accompanied her moth
er, brother and sister to Dawson City.
The groom is a graduate of the Manitoba
College of Toronto, Canada, and is of the
Methodist denomination.
Buggies and Bicycles Affected.
ALAMEDA, July 18.— The City Trustees
may try to compel every vehicle in town
to carry a lantern after dark. Bicyclists
have been forced to do this on nights
when the nioon did not shine. Recently
an effort "was made to force the wheel
men to carry lights every night in- the
year, and City Attorney Taylor was in
structed to draw Up an ordinance on
those lines. He offered it last night, but
with it was a written opinion that the
ordinance would not stand the test of law,
as It was plainly class legislation. The
Trustees concluded that they would make
every vehicle In the city flash a light
after the sun goes down, or let the wheel
men go as they are at present.
Struggle Over a Girl.
OAKLAND, July 18.— There is to be a
bitter struggle in the courts over the pos
session of little Florence Beaver, who a
year ago was placed in the charge of Mrs.
Carrie Judd Montgomery at Beulah. To
day the father filed a petition for letters
of guardianship over his own girl In op
position to the petition for letters recently
filed by Mrs. Eva M. Beagole, who
adopted the child some months ago.
Beaver charges that Mrs. Beagole is
cruel to the child and an Improper person
to have charge of her.
I Inquests a month, of which it was esti
mated twelve would come to the Morgue.
For the removal of these twelve bodies
■ the sum of |60 was credited to the Morgue.
It was estimated also that a Berkeley
undertaker would be glad to pay $20 a
month for his share of the Morgue busi
ness, while Alameda was considered good
■ for $15 per month. With mileage, inspec-
I tion of dead bodies, etc.. it was calcu
lated that the Morgue proprietors could
depend on $104 a month, which average
just $5000 for four years. It was als,, fig
ured out that a large percentage of all
private business resulting from accidents
would naturally be left with the firm con
ducting the Morgue; and. again, the
amount of profit to be derived from bury
ing Indigents was also a factor.
The agreement entered into between
Messrs. Mehrmann. Clark, Blair A Mc-
Carthy was not for the whole county.
It only covered such business as is In
cluded between the bay, the estuary .and
the San Leandro bridge. This left the
Coroner free to deal with all the terri
tory east of San Leandro. Including the
many accidents at the Tesla mines, in
any way he might see fit.
As January 1 approached the deal fell
through. McCarthy could not understand
the peculiar manner in which Blair and
Clark were acting, and finally he refused
to have anything whatever to do with the
deal. Then a most remarkable Incident
occurred. An attempt was made to In
duce a member of the Board of Super
, visors to take up the Interests of Blair
and .Clark and to join the partnership:
with McCarthy, it was represented to
the Supervisor that he could purchase the
contract with the Coroner-elect at its face
value of $5000 and share in the profits ac
cruing from the Morgue. Attorney George
Reed was consulted on the general prop
-1 osition of a Supervisor having a financial
Interest in the Morgue, and he quoted the
law on the subject, which effectually pre
vented any such deal from being consum
mated.
On the Ist of January Coroner Mehr
mann announced that the Morgue would
remain where it had been for the past
four years— with Albert Brown. This ne
cessitated all kinds of explanations. Dr.
Mehrmann telling McCarthy that he had
made a more factory deal with Al
bert Brown than in- could make with
Blair. McCarthy & Clark, a firm, the
members of which he feared were not
dwelling together in harmony.
After the Coroner decided not to place
the Morgue with the new firm, '.'lark re
turned to Sacramento, takinr the eon
: tract with him. It is said that the con
j tract as it stands Is a legal basis for a
| claim against Coroner Mehrmann for $104
' per month on the part of McCarthy, who
.' signed it In good faith, and who never
consented to its revocation.
Some time later there was a scene on
I the street. Coroner Mehrmann and Mr.
McCarthy met. It was rumored that a
' gun was exhibited. This is denied, but
It is known that there was a short con
versation. ,:■-■■_
"If you breathe a word of what has
transpired I'll smash your head," said Dr.
Mehrmann.
"And I'll use my boot on you," said
McCarthy.
Everybody connected with the political
: scandal says there are yet other sensa
tions to be exploited.
PRINTERS PREPARING
FOR ANNUAL MEETING
OAKLAND, July 18.— Chairman C. E. |
Backess of the general committee of ar
rangements for the ninth annual conven- j
tion of California Typographical Union
No. 6, which will be held in this city on
August 10, 11 and 12, announces the ap
pointment of the following sub-commit
tees to report next Thursday night at lOot
Broadway: 7 '-. ■ " . ,
Entertainment— H. A. Kletzker, A. J.
Head, J. A. Robertson. •-
Music— C. K. Backess, F. O. Bchuman, !
J. A. Robertson. '.'»_•"
Hall— J. H. Shields, C. W. Carruth, M. j
A. Mclnnis, -*.••;
Banquet— A. J. Read, J. A. Robertson, ;
C. W. Carruth. __, .
Printing M. A. Mclnnis, J. A. Robert-!
son, J. O'Connor.
On Thursday evening, August 10, an en
tertainment and ball will be given in
Chapman Hall by the Oakland union, the;
committees being as follows:
Floor— l 7S. Dowdle, < '. J. Dolan, Charles
Summers, Miss Emma Bishop, Miss Mabel
Carpenter.
Reception Miss L. E. Taylor, Miss M.
Dickinson, T. M. Gilmore, F. S. Briggs, J.
T. Harrington.
King-Morse Cannery Transferred.
OAKLAND^ July 18.— According to a
deed placed on file In the County Record
er's office to-day the King-Morse Canning
Company has transferred its business and
property at San Leandro to the Califor
nia Fruit Canners' Association. The rev
enue stamps on the deed indicate that the
property is worth about $35,000, The can- j
nery at San Leandro was started a few ,
weeks ago. y- , •,« .
Chinese Slavekeeper Arrested.
Wong Quan, 12' 2 Spofford alley, was
arrested last night on a warrant charging
him with having conducted a house of Ill
fame after notice nad been served on him
to vacate. The arrest was made by Ser
geant Donovan, who swore to the com
plaint. Thirty days ago notice was served
on Quan and several other slavekeeperß
ordering them to close their houses, but
they disregarded the order and the arrest
was the result. The case will be a sort
of test and will be energetically pushed
by the vigilance committee recently or
ganized for that purpose.
' ■ _*_ - "
Will Succeed Kervin.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Consolidated California and Virginia Min
ing Company, which was held yesterday
afternoon. Joseph R. Ryan was appoint
ed superintendent of tho mine to succeed
the late Patrick Kervin. The appoint
ment is said to have been made at the
special request of James L. Flood..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JULY 19, 1899.
LOST HER WAY
IN THE REDWOODS
OF SANTA CRUZ
Mrs. Ham's Harrow
ing Experience.
— • —
, - ■ ■ - ■ ■ ■ •
EXPOSURE MAY CAUSE DEATH
. -. ■••• - ■ " •• -
— * —
VICTIM A PIONEER RESIDENT
OF ALAMEDA.
Wandered Away From Camp at
Boulder Creek and "Was Found
in a Dying Condition Two
Days Later.
*
ALAMEDA, July IS.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Ham of 2002 Pacific avenue, a lady past
the allotted three-score and ten, was lost
last Sunday night in the Santa Cruz
Mountains near Boulder Creek, and was
not found by the rescuing party until late
yesterday afternoon. She was .discovered
In a deplorable condition about four miles
from Boulder Creek and it -is feared she
has suffered so from exposure and fright
that she may not recover.
The aged lady has been camping near
Boulder Creek with her son-in-law and
daughter, Mr. and Mrs. John P. Forbes,
of 123 Albion avenue, San Francisco, and
Mrs. Thomas Payzer of Alameda. On
Sunday morning she decided to take a
walk into the hills and Insisted that she
might go alone. The other members of
the party consented only after she prom
is. not to go very far.
When the morning passed and Mrs.
Ham did not return to camp Mr. and Mrs.
Forbes became anxious for her welfare
and began a search. No trace of her
could be found. A searching party was
organized in the afternoon and a sys
tematic hunt was instituted. Fifty men
tramped the hills through the redwoods
all night with lanterns and torches, but
no trace of Mrs. Ham was found. It was
scarcely believed that she could have
wandered more than a mile from the
camp and the ground for that radius was
gone over and over again without result.
Mrs. Forbes, her daughter, was frantic
with fear for her mother's safety.
Late yesterday afternoon some of the
searchers found the lost woman in a
densely wooded canyon about four miles
from camp, She was lying under a clump
of underbrush, too exhausted and bewil
dered to give an account of herself. Sue
had to be carried back to Boulder Creek
on an improvised litter.
Mrs. Ham has since remained In a semi
conscious condition, unable to give an ac
count of her trying experience during the
time »he wandered in the mountains. The
exposure and fright which she suffered
were so great that her condition ls seri
ous and it is feared she may not recover.
Mrs Ham is a pioneer resident of Ala
meda. Her son, 'hail*-.- Ham. is* a teach
er in the Polytechnic High School, San
Francisco.
EMPTIED HIS GUN AT
TWO MIDNIGHT BURGLARS
ROY SMITH SURPRISED THEM
AT THEIR WORK.
One of the Intruders Supposed to Be
Badly Wounded While Making
His Escape.
The residence of Hoy Smith nt 765 Capp
street was entered at 1 o'clock yesterday
morning by two burglars, who gained ad
mission by raising the kitchen window.
The noise made by the intruders awoke
Smith, and on listening he came to the
conclusion that there were some parties
In the house who had no right to be there.
Jumping out of bed, he donned some
clothing and hurriedly seized his shotgun,
which was within convenient reach, and
proceeded to explore the premises. On
arriving at the kitchen he was confronted
by two men, who were at work packing
up such articles as they thought would
be useful to them in their line of business.
The burglars beat a hasty retreat
through the window, which tuey had left
open for that purpose, and Smith took
a shot at them as they went out. One
of the men gave a yell of pain and rolled
over several times cursing and swearing
rind saying that he was shot. An ex
amination of the fence and the ground
where the man fell showed that it was
covered with blood and that Smith's aim
was good. In the meantime, however,
the burglars got away.
■ ♦ .
CALIFORNIA TO HAVE A
NEW MEDICAL SOCIETY
California is to have a new medical so
ciety. This was definitely decided last
night at a meeting of a committee ap
pointed for. the purpose of considering the
; advisability of such action in the office
of Dr. D. a. Hodgehead. The members
of the committee are Its. C. F. Buckley,
W. F. MoNutt; S. F. Long. C, H. Rosen
thal. J. A. Miller, Winslow Anderson and
D. A. Hodgehead of San Francisco and
B. 7.. Henderson of Napa and E. W. King
of Ukiah, Mendocino County. All were
present at the meeting with the exception
of Dr. McNutt, who is traveling in Eu
rope. • ■.■■■■'■■ S > ■
Or. Buckley presided and it was the
sense of the committee that a new society
should at once be formed, to be Incorpor
ated as soon as practicable, the name of
the society to be the California Medical
Association. It was also decldede that the
new society should conform to the code
of Ethics of the American Medical Soci
ety and Instead of issuing an annual vol
ume to issue a monthly publication, the
subscription to which, together with the
membership fee in the association to not
exceed $3 a year. It is proposed to hold
the first annual meeting in October next
and to meet In that month each succeed
ing year. ■'"'--. _- yy.
The committee will report its conclu
sions in the matter to the San Francisco
Clinical Society, which is the instigator
of the movement, to-night and it is ex
pected that the necessary steps to carry
through the plan will be at once taken.
The movement to organize a new State
society of medicos is the result of a fac
tional quarrel in the ranks of the exist
ing organization, which has caused many
! members to withdraw. . -
MORGUE STATISTICS.
Grewsome Facts Connected With th 9
Deaths by Suicide, Accident
and Murder.
Coroner Hill yesterday =i .. -!•.,. i *« ♦•- •
Board of Supervisors his annual report
for the fiscal year ending June 80, 1899.
He compnmenit-u «_.»..*.. ■ ■ ..... ......
and Captain B. F. Bohen for their ser
vices in the investigation of suspected
murders, and said a good word for Mrs.
Grace D. Harris, the Morgue matron.
The report shows 855 esses as coming
under the jurisdiction of the Coroner.
There were 705 autopsies and 443 Inquests.
The suicides numbered 158, or more than
18 per cent of the sudden and violent
deaths. Of the suicides 73 were married,
40 single, 22 unknown, 11 widowers, 7 wid
ows and 5 divorced. The religions repre
sented by the suicides .were: Christians
139 Jews 9, Pagans 4, infidels and free
thinkers none, of unknown religion 6. The
nativities of the suicides were as follows:
United States 54, Germany 33, Ireland 16,
England 10, unascertained 18, China 4, It
aly 4, Canada 8, Denmark 8. The causes
of suicide were: Despondency 82,.tempor
ary Insanity 83, unknown causes 19. sick
ness 10, jealousy and domestic troubles 8.
There were 43 -murders during the year,
nearly at tho rato of one each week, and
one justifiable homicide. There were 187
accidental deaths, 878 from natural causes
and 89 from causes unknown.^ ' *
Of tho sums expended $950 was for chem
ical analyses in cases of suspected poison
ing and $500 for the recovery of drowned
_ bodies. y
WILL ACCEPT
CROCKER'S OFFER
Meeting of Viticulturists
at San Jose.
— ♦ —
THE SENTIMENT UNANIMOUS
— —
HIS PRICE HIGHER THAN HAS
USUALLY BEEN PAID.
— i 4 - '
Many Growers Think It the Salvation
of the Wine Industry Call for
a Meeting at Healds
burg Issued,
*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 18.— Santa Clara
County grape growers and wine mak
ers are almost unanimous in accepting
the proposition of H. J. Crocker, presi
dent of the Winemakers" Corporation,
to enter into contracts to buy the en
tire grape crop for the next seven years
at $14 per ton. Nearly all the viticul
turllsts have already signed cards
agreeing to this, and it is expected the
rest of them will do so in a few days.
At a meeting of growers and wine
men held in Champion Hall, this after
noon, they were unanimous in this re
spect. About seventy-five of the most
prominent vineyardists in the county
were present. E. S. Guppy presided as
chairman, and A. Barstow acted as sec
retary. Many thousands of acres of
vines were represented, although not
one-third of those favoring Crocker's
proposition were present. Among those
present were: D. M. Delmas, P. Sala
zar of Livermore, Peter Ball. John Sni
der, George B. McKee, J. D. Williams.
j Alex Montgomery, W. B. Rankin and R.
T. Pierce.
E. S. Guppy stated that the object of
1 the meeting was to obtain the senti
! ment of winemen and growers in regard
> to the offer of H. J. Crocker to enter
| into contract to buy grapes at $14 per
! ton for seven years. He said this was
seemingly a good price and would pay
12 per cent on a $250 valuation. He
I stated that Crocker would distribute
the product among the various winer
-1 ies. All will be benefited by selling
! their grapes at the figure named and it
! will enhance the value of vineyards
' from 30 to 40 per cent. This would
benefit growers greatly and enable
: them to get better advances on their
crops. _
It was stated that in Sonoma County
growers had contracted to sell their
grapes for $12 per ton before Crocker's
, offer was made and that Southern
California growers had contracted at
$11 and $I*. , a
D M. Delmas favored Crocker s offer.
11. "considered $14 cash per ton on deliv
ery was very good, much better than he
had received during the last seven or
eight years. J. H. Henry was of the
■same opinion. Other growers spoke
along the same lines. Mr. Guppy said
that Crocker's offer would result In
good to all the viticultural interest .if
the State. Grapes bought by Crocker
' will be delivered to the various winer
, ies in county for pressing and most
likely to the winery nearest the grower.
W. B. Rankin, a large wine maker
I and grower, favored the offer made by
Crocker and said it would not hurt
I wine men. Grapes for the last ten years
; have averaged $10 per ton. The vine
var.lists will not replant nor care for
their vineyards. At $14 per ton grow
ers 'an afford to plant resistant stock.
Something must be done to save the
vineyards. The wineries are a second
ary consideration, and If the vineyards
are not saved they will all be turned
Into barns.
Most of the growers of Alameda
County will favor Mr. Crocker's propo
sition. Meetings of growers to take
action will be held In about a week. ,
A letter was read from H. Bendel, a
i fruit packer and fruit grower, urging
! the grape growers and wine makers to
! sign the contract with Crocker. All
those present who had not yet signed
the agreement did so. The following
i resolution was unanimously adopted:
"Resolved— That we, the grape grow
ers and wine makers of Santa Clara
County, heartily approve of the propo
sition of Henry J. Crocker to buy our
grapes for the next seveji years at $14
I a ton. being fully convinced that the
j said proposition, if carried out, is the
! most advantageous that could be ad
. vanced for the interests of grape grow
> ers and wine makers of this county and
j of the entire State."
Committees have been appointed to
! canvass the various sections and see
■ that all wine men and growers sign.
HEALDSBURG, July 18.— The follow
ing call for a meeting of the grape
growers of this district has been cir
culated:
"HEALDSBURG, July Believing
that the proposition of Henry J. Crock
| er, recently made, to pay $14 per ton
' for grapes Is of vital importance to the
j grape grower, we earnestly request
your presence at a meeting of grape
growers to be held Saturday, July 22,
1 at 2 p. m., at Truitt's Theater, Healds
burg, for the purpose of discussing said
proposition and If possible taking con
certed action thereon. Kindly invite all
I Interested."
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Patents and Pensions Granted and
Army Orders Issued.
WASHINGTON, July IS.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
i California— William N. Andrews, Los An
geles, rotary engine; William Barrowe and J.
Lumley. San Francisco, manufacture of heat
insulating coverings; William Cahlll, San Fran
cisco, horseshoe; Charles Davis. Pasadena,
solar water heater; Carrie Easton, San Fran
cisco, hat banger; Richard H. Fentem, New
man, land gauge for plows; William H. Oray,
San Leandro, hay press; George H. Heady,
Los Angeles, assignor of one-half to A. So
lano, lock-mortising machine; William H.
gore. San Francisco, shank for cornets; Sam
-11.7 W. Lultweller and M. L. Wilkinson, Los
Angeles mechanism for producing reciprocat
ing motion; Charles F. McGlashan, Truck—'.
catapult for throwing projectiles; George
Spaulding and .1. S. Robbins, San Franclsoo,
rotary disk plow; Byron I. Turman and T. J.
Hampton, Los Angeles, ore crusher; James
Wallace, Sacramento, continuous-spinning top;
Peter F. • Wise. Los Angeles, wood-splitting
machine; Lewis T. Wright, Keswick, roast
ing furnace. 7 ~--+s>. :
i Oregon— Abram C. Speer, Woodviiie, pile
driver; Edward Turney, I'ortland, cable reel.
I By direction of the Secretary of War.
the following changes in stations and
duties of olficers of the pay department
are made: Major William Monaghan, ad
ditional paymaster. United States Volun
teers,-Is relieved from further duty at
Portland, Or., and will proceed at once
to San Francisco and report in person to
the commandng general. Department of
California, for temporary duty at San
Francisco.
Major George F. Downey, additional
paymaster. United States Volunteers, is
relieved from further duty at San Fran
cisco and will proceed on transport
steamer Tartar, sailing with the Nine
teenth United States Infantry on hoard,
I in charge of funds for Maior Charles Mc-
Clure, paymaster, United States army,
i chief paymaster, Department of the Pa
cific. .
The telegraphic instructions of July 1.3
from this office directing the discharge
without honor from the service of the
i United States of Private Harry L. Pad
i dock • Battery D, Third United States Ar
tillery, by the commanding officer of An
gel Island, Cal., are hereby confirmed.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
- California: Original— Franklin Foltz, San
Francisco, $6; John M. Frew, Los An
geles, $12 BO; James S. Benolt, Vacavlile,
$8; Ant Llnck, Claremont. $6. Mexican
war widow— Sarah :A. Fanning, Bellota,
tt,
Oregon: Original— Thomas" P. Fish, To
ledo, $8; William H. Diggles, Portland, $6.
LEONARD HAGY
WAS SHORT IN
HIS ACCOUNTS
Left Winchester Arms
Company.
— —
WAS A TRUSTED CASHIER
— ♦ —
MANAGER MULLER REFUSES TO
MAKE A STATEMENT.
♦
Hagy Declares That He Is Not Short
the Amount Charged and That
Muller Has Given
Him Away.
•— —
Leonard A. Hagy, bookkeeper of the
Winchester Arms Company, is said- to be
$1100 short in his accounts to the com
pany and has been discharged. The
amount of the shortage is stated to have
been charged to the account of E. H.
Ladd. Rudolphe Muller, the manager of
the company, when called upon and asked
for a statement, refused to say anything,
except that Hagy had left the employ-,
ment of. the company. Beyond this he
would not give out anything in the way
of a statement. He said that he would
"not throw stones at a dog that was
down," but beyond this he would not
make any statement.
Hagy was seen last night by a Call cor
respondent. At tirst he was loth to dis
cuss his shortage, claiming that he knew
nothing whatever about it; but finally
concluded to give his side of the story.
"I admit," said he. "that there was a
little difference in the figures ot the Ladd
account, and that led to the severing of
mv connection with the Winchester Arms
Company. When I left, Mr. Muller the
manager, promised me that I would not
be punished and that the difficulty would
not be mad*, public. I do not think he has
kept faith with me.
"The eleven hundred dollar figure of the
Ladd account is not correct; the difference
does not come un to that amount. Re
garding the statement that 1 spent the
money at the horse races and coursing
matches 1 have nothing to say. Mr. Mul
ler promised me faithfully he would say
nothing about this affair, and 1 cannot
understand how it got out."
Hagy has been connected with the Win
chester Arms Company as bookkeeper and
cashier for several years. A few days
ago the manager. Mr. Muller, looked over
the ledger and found a balance of SHOO
charged to Ladd & Co. Muller visited
Ladd and requested a settlement. Ladd
laughed at the amount asked for and said
the balance he owed the Winchseter peo
pie did not exceed $40. Bookkeeper Hagy
was taxed With the discrepancy, and ad
mitted, so it is state*], that he had been
holding out small amount.- from the firm
for some months and charging them to
the Ladd account. .
Hagy is a prominent local Native Son,
being a past president of Halcyon Par
lor ' He was appointed by Chairman
Brick of the Board of City Trustees a
member of the Dewey monument commit
tee to represent the Native Sons. He was
i married about two years ago to Miss Eva
! Evans, who was an employe of the tele
j phone company. His home is at 925 Tay
lor avenue. Alameda.
APPOINTMENTS TO
THE VOLUNTEER ARMY
Soldiers Who Will Wear Shoulder
Straps and Fight the
Filipinos.
WASHINGTON, IS.— The following
additional appointment! - to the volunteer
army have been made by the President:
To be majors— Evan Johnson Jr., for
merly captain Nineteenth Infantry.
To "be captains— William Brook, lieuten
ant Fourth Infantry; Charles D. Comfort,
lieutenant colonel Seventh Volunteers;
Edward J. Gihon, major Sixth Massachu
setts; Alex Trent? Jr., captain sixth Mas
sachusetts; Earl W. Tanner, lieutenant
Seventeenth Infantry; Samuel W. Ken
nedy, major First Ohio Volunteers; Wil
lard D. Newt-ill, second Lieutenant Sev
enth Artillery; Philip H. Stern, captain
Company C, Fifth united States Volun
teer Infantry; G. S. Harpley, first lieu
tenant Third Kentucky.
To be first lieutenants— C. Preston. |
captain Fourth U. S. V. I.: William O. '
Reed, first lieutenant First Kentucky; .
Kaolin 1.. Kitson. first sergeant Fifth
Maryland Volunteers; William A. Castle,
captain Seventh Ohio; Frank W. Lowry,
Seventh Ohio Volunteers: Albert P. Mor
row, corporal Sixth United States Cav
alry; George L. Wood, second lieutenant
Second Ohio.
To be second lieutenants— W.
Clarke, private Company F. First Geor- |
gia; Louis S. Chappelear, first lieutenant
Company F, Seventh California Volun- j
teers; John C. Cassells, sergeant Third j
Pennsylvania: John Tipton Dunn. Eighth !
United States Infantry; Samuel M. Eng- j
lish, lieutenant Eighth California; Fran
cis W. Ellison, Two Hundred and Second |
New York Volunteers; Charles H. Er- ;
rington, first lieutenant First Illinois;
George W. Geblnger. captain Fifth United
States Volunteer Infantry: Guilford I.
Harbor, One Hundred and Fifty-ninth In
diana; William S. Lyons, major First
West Virginia; Cleveland C. Lansing;
Hugh Neill. first lieutenant and quarter
master Second Arkansas; George C.
Shaw, District of Columbia Volunteers:
W. G. Tremain. flrst sergeant Battery D.
Fifth Artillery: Frank L. Case, first lieu
tenant Company G, Sixth United States
Volunteer Infantry; A. E. Deitsch. non
commissioned officer. Tenth Ohio: Harry
D. Mitchell, lieutenant Second Ohio: Don
ald G. McClelland, non-commissioned offi
cer. Seventy-first New York; Arthur N.
Picket, corporal Company G. Third Ten
nessee; Francis E. Ralston Jr., first ser
geant Battery A, First Pennsylvania;
David A. Snyder, flrst sergeant Tenth
Ohio. ..
•
WILL DISCUSS A
BOARD OF INQUIRY
It Is Expected That To-Day's Session
of the Peace Conference Will
Be Very Lively.
THE HAGUE, July 18.— The sub-com
mittee of the arbitration committee of the
Peace Conference met this afternoon to
draft the amendments demanded at yes
terday's session of the plenary committee
and to prepare for to-morrow's meeting,
when the discussion of tin question of an
international board of inquiry Is expected
to create a lively debate.
As the exact nature of the objections
made were not known no action was
taken.
It Is understood Captain Alfred T. Ma
han, United States navy, retired, one of
the American delegates, has decided to
withdraw his proposed amendments to the
scheme for adapting the Geneva conven
tion to naval wars, owing to objections
on the part of Great Britain and other
powers.
The Pathfinder at Buenos Ayres.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, I*> 99, by James Gor
don Bennett. yyy.yyf
BUENOS AYRES. July IS.— The United
States transport Pathfinder has arrived
at Rio Janeiro.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
John F. Seegers against Renna Seegers.
for cruelty; Natale Camozzi against Pal
mlna Camozzi, for infidelity; Eugenic M.
Collin against Francois L. Collin, for de
sertion; Fannie B. Heinecke against Paul
Helnecke. for cruelty, and Josephine E.
Wells against Asa 11. Wells, for intem
perance. ■ -" -
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July IS- Stmr Patricia,
from New York for Hamburg.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 18— Stmr Tauric.
for Liverpool: stmr Prince Regent Lultpold.
for Bremen, etc. „' '"_""_'__ i
BOSTON— Arrived July 18— Stmr Corlnthta.
Prltchard, Liverpool.
QfEENSTOtVN-Arrlved July IS — Stmr
Waesland, from Philadelphia for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— July 18— Stmr Pa
vonla, from Boston via Queenstown.
OUR BLANCHE IS NOT
TIM FRAWLEY'S BRIDE
ACTRESS DENIES THE SOFT IM
PEACHMENT.
Manager Attributes It All to Corson
Clarke's Dyspepsia, Which He
Fears Has Affected
His Mind.
There is no legal reason why Blanche
Bates should tack on the name of Fraw
ley to her signature.
She says she is not Mrs. Frawley, Fraw
ley Bays she la not Mrs. Frawley, and as
they nre the two people who are in the
best position to know their statements
should be accepted as final. Our Blanche
took the report of her marriage to her
manager in her own charming, sunny
way. If she was annoyed she did not
show it. only laughed and exclaimed,
"Ridiculous; absurd!'!
Frawley, on the contrary, was vexed at
the silly report; not on his own account,
but because of Miss Bates.
"It's annoying for a woman," said the
gallant manager, "to have a lying report
of that kind circulated about her. Corson
Clarke's aggravated stomach trouble has
probably gone to his head. That is the
only wav I can account for it."
Mies Bates explains the slander by
Clarke's desire to gel his name before
the public. "There is nothing he could
say of himself, so he stood sponsor for
lies about others," said Miss Bates.
So the story of the manager wedding his
star is not true, nor is there any possi
bility of it ever being true, for the man
ager declared: "1 shall never marry. Im
too much of a crank to make any woman
! happy. And 1 respect woman too highly
| to link her fate with mine."
SUITS WILL FOLLOW
THE NEWMAN WRECK
Teachers Employ Lawyers and will
Ask for Heavy Dam
ages.
LOS ANGELES, July IS.— II. E. Foster
of McConnellsville, Ohio, and Mrs. Jane
Glasgow of St. Louis are about to bring
suit against the Southern Paciflc Com
pany for injuries and other damages, the
result of th* accident which occurred at
Newman Station last week during the
run of the special St. Louis National Ed
ucational Association train to Los An
geles.
The firm of Montgomery, Earle &
Hutchison of this city is now preparing
the complaints in the two cases. Other
suits also will follow by those who are
invalided and now here. Mr. Foster will
demand $1000 from the railroad, while Mrs.
Glasgow will place her damages at $3000.
Death of Mrs. Frost.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July IS.—
Mrs. Laura Frost, mother of Mrs. George
E. Howard, died this afternoon at Stan
ford University of heart failure. De
ceased was on a visit to her daughter, at
whose home here there was a family re
union. Mrs. Frost's death was quite un
expected, though she has been an invalid
for some years. The remains will be sent
to Lincoln, Neb., for interment. Dr. and
Mrs. George E. Howard will accompany
the remains. Mrs. Frost leaves consider
able property, chiefly in the Frost addi
tion to the city of Lincoln, Neb.
Counterfeit Remedies.
The Hostetter Company of Pittsburg,
Ph., have filed a number of bills in the
United States Circuit Court in this dis
trict against a number of persons in this
city, Oakland and Sacramento, who have
been discovered by them in the illegal
business of making and selling a coun
terfeit article of the Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters. The principal attorney of the
company has been engaged for several
days in' obtaining service upon the de
fendants, and attending to such other
matters as are necessary in the beginning
of a crusade against this unlawful busi
ness The Hostetter Company are deter
mined to protect their interest on this
coast and are determined to run down
the last counterfeiter <5f their goods at
any cost.
/^\. Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J A ) - rt £ji& 625 KEARXY ST. Established
_l__rili«____i ,n * Ss * * or th e treatment of Private
a Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
f125 KEABNY ST- Established
In 1854 for the trfatinent of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
feft&w&rslia disease we« ring on bodyand mind and
t^srS?S_£*_£a "l" DUoases. Thedoctorcureswhen
..tliris fj 11. Try him Charges low
sjB_______«S___3 ('nrrsgiinrantrrd, Ci 'l or writ •_
2tr. J. __•- ««__U__-OX. Box. 11)37. 5au Franclaco
BAILBOAD TBAVEI_.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Poot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. ,
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:3*
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Er.tra trips at 1:69
and 11:30 p. m.
BUND 8:00, 9:80, 11:00 a. m.» 1:80, 8:1*
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SA.N RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 8:20, 11:10 a. tn. ; 12:48 l
8:40, 6:16 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40, 6:o*
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave | Arrive
San Franclsoo. In Effect I San Francisco.
. April 16, L. >r-
Week Sun- 1899. I S-.fi- Week
Days. days. Destination. ' days. Days.
7:30 am B:oCam Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm. 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pmj 6:00 pm Santa Kusa. 7:85 pmj 8:20 pm
1 Fuiton, ; !: _ ■■'■
7:80 am I Windsor, 10:83 am
Healdsburg,
I Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
impm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:85 pm' 6:10 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:15 am
| 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:48 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, | 6:05 pmj 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. ,10:40 am 10:15 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm; I 7:86 pm 0:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelsevvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville.
Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. fff's
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899. trains will run as follows!
South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed.' [Mixed. Passen-
■ ger. I Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 'lo:3o am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 pm
1:10 am' 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm! 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:33 pm Fresno 9:30 am 8:42 pm
11:38 am' 7:43 pm Har.'ord 7:45 am ; 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakeisfleld 1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| 6:53 pml Tulare 1 6:60 am 1:05 pm
' Stopping at Intermediate pointa aa required.
Fr*r particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Manager'a Offlce. Cl Markot
street, Ban Francisco, .7/-. 7 -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
lca*e Sun Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WF.EK DAYS, 9:30 c. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings; Arriving ln S. F. at 11:20 p. m. •
BUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a m. arvd 1:45. 2:80
and ip. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. 81 40.
THOS COOK & SON. Agti.. 621 Market st.
SAILBOAS TBAVgi.
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL.
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
r Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
TO
NEW- YORK AND BOSTON
V.a New York Central.
Through Sles pens to Washington,
reaching all the health arid
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P- DEPPE,
A. G. P. A.. A. G. P A.,
St. Louis. Cincinnati,
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger a*-d Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati, O.
_____ _ —
MCTHRR-I PACiriC COW PA NT.
(PACIFIC IHIIM.I '
Train Icnto nml urn due to nrrlre »•
WAN riUKCIHt'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
IBavb — From Jl-kk 25. 1899. — areit»
7:00,. Benid*, Suisun »nd Sacramento 3i4Sp
7iOOa MarysTilie, Orotilleau'.l He.lding »1»
Woodland _,\t r
7-OOa Elmira. Vacaville and Uniusey Si-aar
7sU«a Martinez, San Hanlon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calintoca and Roea.... St_s« P
SjOOa Atlantic llxpress, Ogden and Lost.. »'*'*
ViUOa San .lose, LiTermore, Stock ton,
lone. Sacramento, PlactrriUe. '
MaryiTille. (7!iico. Ked lilnir 1'!!J r
9>3OA •Milton, Oakdalo and SoDora -*:Isr
StXOx Yogemite Valley Tia Oakdale and
Chinese ...».*•...•»••«»««••••••• 41:1 •>?
•:OOa Haywards,' Niles and Way Stations. 1 1 »«*
i MU Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced Krosno I*H»F
BiOOa Fresno, llakentield. Santa lUrlmra,
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East O: « Jr
1 0:00 A VaUejo. Martlnei and Way Stations ''•j*'"'
1 1 :OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. J:*or
ISI.OOit Niles, LiTermore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Vlsalla,
Pcrterville .__ __?_ p
•ItOOp Sacramento ItlTerStenmers »x«»p
»:OOp Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 3:a3»
4iOOp Martinez, San JUmoi*, Vallejo.
Napa, Oallstopa, Santa Itosa OitOA
4toor Benicia. VacaTille, Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTilie, OroTlllo **t l!**
4i3op Niles, San Joseaud Stockton _,i : '3 r
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond ia:l3F
S:OOpThe Owl. Tracy. Fresno. Bakers-
field. Saugus for SanU Barbara.
. Los Angeles .S ! lJ*
5«80p Stockton, Meroed, Fresno I2«Io*»
■iSOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota. Fresno.
Mojare and J x>- Angeles 8«4»»
SiSOp Santa Wm Route. Atlautlo Express .
for Mojavo and East C:43»
•iMr Chiong»-Ban Francis*) Special. Ogden
and ICast 2 .__*
•:Oop Haywards, Nilee and San Jose __ : .2*
•OiOOp Vaflojo 12:18»
?iOOt> Oregon ]_xpress,Saeramento, Marys.
Title, Redding. Portlan.l, Puget
Sound ami Kast 7« IS*
i JSiOOp Vallejo, Port OosU and Way 8U- fyjffy
tloM.: t»o»80y
COAST DIVISION (Narronr Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street. >
ffiSG Santa Crux Excursion for Santo
Cruz and Principal Way Stations t»:03»
•«18A.Newark,CV-ntorville,San Jose, Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa and Way
Stations a»a<nr
•SilSr Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
SUtions •ICsSS*
4tlSp Ban Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions »*»•*
MilSp Felton. SanU Cruz and Way Sta-
! tions /9:20 A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma 841 raißClSCO— r.ot of Mark.t Strset (Slip 8)— '-■- ''.
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a. m. }1:0 C *2:00 13:09
•1:00 t5:00 *6:00 P.M.
friiiOilUlD— foot or Braad "6:00 8:00 10:00i._r.
tia:oo »1:00 13:00 *3:00 t*:00 '8:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).,
(Third and Townaend St».)
•OilOa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. *«JBo_r
•7iOOa San Jose ami Way Stations (New _
Almaden Wednesdays only) 'SjOOa,
t7tBo_L Sunday Excursion for SanU Cruz.
Paclflo GroTe and Principal Way •
Buttons JS«BSF
•■OS A San Jose. Ties Pinos, Santa Crux,
Pacific Grove. Paso Robles, San
Luis Ol.isi'O. Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations -I:10_»
I»i4oa San Jose and Way Stations fl.-.'W*
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations li3or
*8:43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Han Jose,
Hollister, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific GroTe *10:36jk,
•S.3OF San Jose. SanU Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations *7:80p
•4slBp San Joseand Principal Way Stations »:43a
•s:oopSan Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:33 __
6:aop San Jose and Principal Way Statious *9:<»o*
o:3orSan Jose and Way Stations S::{«»p
Hll4gP San Jose ami Way Stations :~;HQg
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted, t Sunday only. t Saturday onljfc
Maliinlsi and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday-
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAT IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLH
' FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKH
: MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN-
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE!
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, " W. Santa Clara street.
; NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1838.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAX.LXX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. I
! •1:45. 8:20. 4:00, »a:00. «:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on I'ondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. -*71 * '
SUNDAYS— 'S -.00. •9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m. : 1:00. *1:45, *2:»0. *4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
680 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays,
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS — 5:25, »6:40, 7:55. 8:40. ••.0:20
a. mfl 12:30, 2:15. *3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00. •S.OO. '9:45. *10:4 a. '11:45
■m. m.; 1:00. 2:20. »3:30. «5:15. 'S.W. 7:00. 10:13
i Trains market (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:45. 6:50. 7:55. B:sa. 10:3 a
;a. m. ; 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:05.
1:20. 1:40. 3:65. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m. . - yy
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'na.
$:20 P. in. Saturdays — and way sta'na.
i:\i p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted}—
Point Reyes and way stations.
J:0»" a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way. sta'na.
| 1:41. p. m. Sundays*— Pt. Reyes and way sta'oa.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until .12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery treet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:M o'clock.
«15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. __«.£. and m
A. Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) % f\_
EVENING, at 7:3<> o'clock. Second de- J^X
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Secretary. * V *•
CROCKETT Lodge No. 189, F. & A. M - «
Degree 2. THIS < WEDNESDAY)
EVENING, July 19. at 7:30 o'clock. TLX
By order of the W. M. '▼ *
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. &A. M. «
Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-^fc
DAY) EVENING, July 19, at 7:30 J%J\
o'clock. Third degree. ' yr '
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _Jl__
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- J\lT
trree. /N_r>
H. C. BUNKER, Secretary pro tern.
SPARTAN Lodge N .. 125, I. O. O. .-_'_'_c_v>
F.— lnstallation of otlicers THIS _S_s^_R___i
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. July 7
19. Visitors welcome. / Wlw
17. C. HARE. N. G.
T. C. LEARY, Secretary.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. <^_____«v>>,
207, I. O. (>. F.— lnstallation of of-^£E___JBg___
fleers will take place THURS-^gJSSS?'
DAY EVENING. July 2". 1899, at -'?% tl^-
-8 o'clock. By order of N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU, Rec. Sec. Pro Tarn.
PIONEERS— The mem- _r*rt__J_l_-KB_tß»fe_»_
of California PI oncers
are requested to attend *^»<*^fcafe^*Sg^_____j>__f
the funeral of our late JtStoSlKan^L
HAVENS, from" his '■"^"*™ -^^ **
late residence. 1031 San Antonio avenue, Ala-
meda. TO-DAY (Wednesday), July 19. at 11:30
a. in. Enclnal station. Narrow Guage.
JOHN F. PINKHAM, Marshal.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- fi]
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be I
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- M*
ING, July 19. 1899, at B'nal B'rith Hall. &ffff
121 Eddy St.. at S o'clock. A full at- srZf.
tendance requested. Business of lmpor- "_ lII*
tance. E. J. BRANDON, President ■
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company wilt be held at the offlce
of the company, 327 Market St., San Francis-
co, Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of Au-
gust, 1599, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
t before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY, July 29. at 12 o'clock m.
17 H. SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco. July 17, 1899 — a
regular meeting of the .board of directors of
this company, held THIS DAT, a dividend
was declared, payable on and after July 19,
1599. BERNARD FAYMONVILLE, Sec
ANNUAL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual eting of the
stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the lection of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
sts.," San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th
day of August, 1599. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived an application from H. W. Tanger-
man to mine by the hydraulic process in the
Clinton placer mine, at Clinton, Amador Coun-
ty, and to deposit tailings in Jackson Creek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 59. Flood building, San Francisco,
Cal.. on July 31. !-!•:•. at 1:30 p. m.
MEETINGS Universal Brotherhood.
SOPHICAi Society in America— l
tional Brotherhood League, Tuesday night.
"The Pariahs of Society." Mrs. M E. Foun-
tain and Dr. J. A. Anderson. Academy of
Sciences Hall. 819 Market street. :
ACCOUNTANT*!.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits & i
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms, ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-85; Market St.; tel. South 213.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, I*so Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. ■
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason. ;
L. P. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927 I
Mark consultation free; no fees '■" aovance. !
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 416 First st. — Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. %5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
TLA- 1001 Sutter— beautifully furnished
sunny suites, single r., reas.; board optional.
O'FARRELL, Large front room; running
water; home cooking; also single rms., $20 up.
POWELL. 309. (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.: cen. for lunches.
ROOM and board in private Jewish family for
a couple .. r two. Inquire 1429 Post st.
BUTTER, 112S Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
KOOM and board in private Jewish family for
a couple or two. Inquire 1429 Post st.
2 UNFURNISHED rooms and board; man and
2 boys. J. L M., 3'" A st . Oakland.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for two children over 2 years old.
239 A Shipley st.
WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 a month. 210
Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
REFINED, experienced nurse lias a comfort-
able home for infants: $10 m... 531 A Castro st.
■ A ■— j
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD,
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 7"4 Mission st., near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SIIOO— CHOP house and coffee saloon in
wholesale district; established years; clearing
above $150 per month; only cause of Bale dis-
agreement of partners. Call R. G. WILKE,
906 Market st.
A — THE best-paying and for years established
corner grocery and bar in the Mission; low
. rent; must be sold at once; on account of
family trouble the place is turned over to a
wholesale liquor house; investigate and make
your offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
BATHHOUSE at Redding; 3 bath rooms and
living rooms; rent $25; cost $1000; will sell
for $650; first-class chance for a barber. Call
R. G. WILKE, SOS Market st.
A— s4so; DRY goods, notions and fancy store,
with living rooms; rent $14; good paying;
stock worth the money; owner to leave. R.
C. ILK 17, 906 Market St.
A— DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice;
■ saloon with mercantile lunch; established
• years; rent free; splendid paying; lease; close
to Market and Second sts.; investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— ssoo; SALOON, about 50 feet from Call build-
ing; rent $.7*»: doing a good paying business;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE.
. . 906 Market st.
$6000— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
sts.; first-class cash custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
of sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— FOR SALE
Machinery and electrical business; besides
the store fixtures and good stock there is also
a well-equipped factor] with electric motor
and engine lathe and other, power and hand
tools. . The house enjoys a good trade In
dynamo motors and other electrical goods,
1, .th of its own manufacture and goods im-
ported. Business employs from 3 to 5 men
and purchaser need not be a practical man,
as the employes can furnish any technical In-
formation desired: simply needs to be a good
salesman. Owner has made $20,000 in the
last 4 years. Business will pay from $300 to
$400 per month with good management. Price
will be made to suit purchaser, as present
owner will take out goods enough so that the
business can be purchased from $1000 up-
, ward according to the goods on* hand. PA-
CIFIC COAST EXCHANGE. 1007*4 Market.
ATTENTION — sell your business promptly
for cash apply to HEALY & CO., 917 Market.
$850— PROMINENT corner grocery and bar;
best location In the city: selling at Invoice
price. HEALY & CO., 917 Market st.
$350— RESTAURANT and oyster house; prin-
cipal street north of Market: clearing $100 per
month; Investigate. HEALY' & CO.. 917 Mkt.
A GRAND chance to purchase a prominent cor.
grocery and bar; Western Addition bar trade
alone of $12 per day; price $650. HEALY &
CO., 917 Market st. :
TO sell or exchange— any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON, 783.4 Market at.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$225 COFFEE saloon; principal street; near
Market St.; established 15 years; place is a
mint; trial given. M. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
COFFEE saloon and chop house, oppo-
site ferry; crowded during meal hours; steady
run all day; old established place; well fur-
nished; a good paying business Al bargain.
M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
$450— SALOON and lunch house; good part city;
9 rooms. Inc. furniture; roomers pay more
than rent; big bar trade. LESS & CO., 763
Market.
RESTAURANT and oyster house; pros-
perous town of State; value ln sight; good
business; practically without competition;
bargain. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
FINE steam laundry: best in the city; must be
sold. COWING & CO., 995 Market at.
A— TEAMING business; best in city; clears $200
per mo. yearly. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
A— FRUIT and grocery store corner; receipts,
$25 daily; cause sickness. COWING & CO..
996 Market st. t
A- MILLINER store; best In the State; must
be sold. COWING & CO., 995 Market St.
A— SALOON on corner: near Market St.; cen-
traliv located; must pell. COWING & CO.,
995 Market st.
BEST paying restaurant In this cit.v; bargain;
this day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
$250— LAUNDRY route with good horse and
wagon; other business cause of sale. Mi
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777'_ Market St.
GOOD paving saloon in the business center of
city. Inquire McLAUGHLIN. 777**; Market st.
$500— SALOON; bargain; this day, on account
of disagreement of partners. McLAUGHLIN
6 CO., 777% Market st.
$1000— PARTNER wanted; legitimate mercan-
tile business. McLAUGHLIN & CO. 777 Vi
Market st.
A— s32s; BARBER shop with laundry office; re-
ceipts $7(. week; 8 chairs; near Market; bar-
gain. City Business Exchange, 1032 Market.
I HAVE a list of good-paying grocery stores,
saloons, bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants,
hotels, merchandise, etc.; sold and exchanged.
Call and see my list. EITEL. 1008% Market.
$20**1 — PARTNER wanted; summer resort, full of
boarders 10 rooms, furnished: plan., horse
and buggy. Address Farrish Cottage, Novato,
Marin Co., Cal.
CORNER grocery and bar doing good business.
$400. Apply on premises. 1552 Folsom St.,
corner Twelfth. *
STORE Coffee, tea, crockery and notions, at
1128*4 Folsom' St.; very reasonable. Apply at
117*; Harrison st.
BLACKSMITH shop: country: clearing over
$160 per month; bargain. Address MRS. 17 .
255 Fifth st.
$175— SHOE shop; pays well; low rent; good
prices; must be soil; make offer. 332 Bush st. i
FOR sale— Good shoe store and repairing; low j
rent; best location. Box 4!^.. Call office.
GROCERY store and bar for sale. Apply 156
Clara St.
BARGAIN— market: $250; splendid lo-
cality; cash business. Apply owner, 506 Castro.
CIGAR store. 33S Bush st.
=
OATMEAL MILL FOR SALE—
Well located in New York, with well-known
trade mark and most approved machinery.
Apply to the Cereals Manufacturing Com-
pany, 7 and 6 Atlantic Dock, Brooklyn, N. Y.
FOR sale-Milk ranch; 2 city routes; 25 cows,
5 horses, milk and grain wagon: good loca-
tion; reasonable. Apply KAHN'S Stockyard,
Mission road, ear St. Mary's College.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale on water front.
Apply 527 Montgomery St. "
SALOON: old established corner; fair stock:
good business: side entrance to cafe; offer
wanted. 632 Market st . room 6. __________
$250— CANDY store In good location: instruc-
tions in candy making given; rent paid to
August 1. Box 4979, Call office.
RESTAURANT Must be sold on account of
other business. 234 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS locality for fruit and poultry in
market; complete fixtures. Post st., near La-
guna. |
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale ln one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office.
$200— SALOON with good business. Inquire 636
Third st.
WANTED— man with $2000 cash to
carry stock of tods and manage branch busi-
ness; $150 per month and expenses: also extra
percentage; permanent position; references re-
quired. HENRY VERNON, Boyce building,
Chicago. j
$750 — WANTED, a good business man as part-
ner in an old-established fruit and produce
commission house in wholesale district; refer-
ences given and required. For further particu- :
lars address box 47-71, (.'all offlce.
$2000 — GROCERY, general merchandise, hay
and grain; horse and wagon: cause of sale, ;
mining. Address Call branch offlce, San
Joee, Cal.
CLOTHING, boot and shoe and furnishing
goods business In thrifty condition; 50 miles j
from San Francisco; fine climate and good
business point. .Box 4865. Call office.
RESTAURANT— Must be sold in 10 days; owner
leaving the city. Apply Call office.
FOR sale— With 5 years' lease, grocery and j
bar. Post and Devisadero sts.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Inquire Call
office.
SALOON with good business In good location.
NABER, ALES & BRUNE, 323 Market st.
FOR sale— A fruit store, with horse and wagon;
paying business. 209 M* Second at.
TWENTY-SECOND and Castro sts.— Store fix-
tures for groceries and bar. Key i2"-i Mission.
SALOON and lunch house for sale at 150 First
st., corner Natoma: no agents.
HAIRDRESSING store; good stock and fix-
tures; must sell; sickness. Box 4891. Call.
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY. 511 Sacramento st.; tel. Main 1836.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye., Oakland; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kind? of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
300 McAllister st., cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
45? Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 316.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear at.
CLAIR ANTS.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clalrvcyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offlces, 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladles, 50c; gents, $1; sittings, $150. 126 Turk.
; WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman, from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings, 50c and $1. 613 Tenth St., Oakland.
I ARRIVED— The king of all mediums. Prof.
Haley; tells your life from cradle to grave;
1 50c, $1 up. 106 Taylor St., parlors 3-5.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only.
643 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 12.
MME. RAVENA reads life -fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c. Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 26c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
THE SA_ST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 19, 1899.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR sale or to let— 2 or 3 cottages ln perfect
order cheap: key at 1422 Montgomery st.
COUNTRYJUDARDING^
COUPLE without children can flnd extra com-
fortable board on fruit farm at reasonable
rates. Ad. DAVIDSON. Dimond, Alameda Co.
DENTISTS.
A^boß. T. sThIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market at., over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other tilling?, from 50c;
plates, from $4 70; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings. 60c; crowns, $3 50; platen, full set, $.*>;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and flilings a
specialty; ail work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt: crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a -plate. DR. 11. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EDI i ATION At,
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco. Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theorj".
practice, design. construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers; individual Instruction,
200 graduates annually placed in positions,
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new bO-page cata-
log free.
HOLMES' College of . Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, IVlsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S. F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; j
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, i
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life '
scholarship, $60; low rates per week and mo. .
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; also by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt. i
PEERING School, civil, electrical, mm
Ing, mech. survey. assay, arehi.; day and eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ANYONE can Learn to operate typesetting ma-
chine; $4 to $7 per day on daily papers. B*t -
RON RING. 514 Sacramento st.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, 50c lesson.
(ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, $5 mo. 514 Hayes St.. top flat.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; BOc an hour. 620 Eddy st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 3C5 Larkin St.. ..pp. City Hall.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, SO Geary St.; tel. Grant ,76.
ORPHI I M Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
EM I'LOYMENT WANTED Female.
A SUPERIOR first-class cook, also girl for
housework; 16 years' references from one
family, wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 225 Sutter st. ■
YOUNG lady having short hours downtown
would like position as companion to lady
morning and evening; will give $.7 for room;
no children; Object home. Box 4984, Call.
WANTED— By a lady as housekeeper and com- '
panion to a lady; would take charge of chil- |
dren; $15 per nth; best of references. Ad-
dress box 2, Oakland oflice.
BY steady industrious middle-aged man, look- !
ing alter horses, garden, milk, etc.. general I
useful about place, city or country; low I
wages; good reference. Box 4646, Call offlce.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day, wash- .
ing, ironing and housecleanlng, $1 a day and
carfare. Address 31 Moss st., in rear, bet. j
Howard and Folsom sts. I
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework in a private family. Please apply
at 2917 Pine st^
RELIABLE German girl wants place; general
housework and cooking; wages $20; city. 127
Turk st.
COMPETENT Eastern woman; a good cook;
will da washing; will go a short distance ln
country; good references. 206 Fifth st.
GERMAN girl wants position as governess or
lady's maid; speaks French and Italian.
Ahlborn House. Grant aye. and Bush st. _
YOUNG girl would like place to do light house-
work. Apply at x 43 Federal st., oft First, bet.
Bryant and Brannan^
MOTHER and daughter, mother flrst-class
cook, want situations In country- Address
2409*4 Clay st.
YOUNG German girl wishes a situation to do
general housework. 703 San Bruno aye., near
Nineteenth st.
AN experienced waitress would like a situation
In private family; city or country. Gall at
1207 Fillmore.
YOUNG French lady desires position in Amer-
ican family as cook and housekeeper; refer-
ences given. Address G. 1., 511 Broadway.
GERMAN girl wishes situation general house-
work; good plain cook; wages $20. 1022 Lar-
kin st.
AN experienced Irish girl for general house-
work, cooking. Call 1609% California st.. near
Van Ness aye.
WOMAN wishes a position as housekeeper,
with her child; wages moderate; city pre-
ferred. Box 4951, Call.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or will
do sewing at home. Call 150 Fourth«*t.. rooms
12 and 13.
DINNER order cook wants situation ln res-
taurant. 228 Natoma st.
A LADY' with a child wishes a position as
working housekeeper. Mrs. D., 727 Bush st.
YOUNG girl wants situation to assist light
housework; sleep home. Call 19 Lily aye.
LADY wishes place as housekeeper. 17.0
Fourth St., room 5.
YOUNG lady wants place in country taking
care of children; good steamstress; wages
$20. No. 210 Turk St.
NEW YORK lady desires position as house-
keeper in small family; a good cook and neat
housekeeper; no objections to country. Ad-
dress M. a, 393 Sixth st.
SWEDISH girl would like to do general
housework; good laundress. Address 223 j
Eleventh st.. near Howard. y
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework ln private family; wages $20. Ap-
ply 14 Beideman st., off Ellis, bet. Scott and
Devisadero.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation at general
housework. Call at 316 Minna St., nr. Fourth.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged Swiss-German
ladj', speaks English, wishes place to take
care of children; trustworthy; handy with
sewing: or go out nursing. 916 Howard, r. 17.
ELDERLY woman wants work by the day.
Box 4.4.1, Call office. ;
WANTED— By thoroughly competent and ex-
perienced Eastern. dressmaker, sewing by day
in private families; good references. Address
I. S., box 778. Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG woman desires a position to take care
of children while traveling In return for fare
to New York, Havre or Paris: best refer-
ences. Call or address 1602 Webster. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
do cooking and some housework; country
only. 348 Third st.
LADY of 20 years' experience from kinder-
garten to normal desires a situation as day
governess. Box 314, Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to *1 50 night: $1 60 to $8
week: ccnvenlent and respectable: free 'bus
. and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — Male.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211, 315 Stoc' 'on st. ■. --*
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 424.
CARPENTER wants job as working foreman
on any kind of work; understands plans and
details; city or country. Address J. W., box
4980, Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS barber, having worked only in
flrst-class shops, best references, wishes a
good position; preference given to downtown
shop. Box 4983, Call.
EXPERIENCED nurse, valet and traveling at-
tendant; European and local references;
Epeaks French, German and English. Box
4988, Call offlce. . -.' _r '
WANTED— Position as coachman or man about
place; understands care of horses and js Rood
driver; flrst-class references. Box 4957, call.
MAN and wife would like position on ranch —
man as ranch hand and woman as cook. Call
474 Jessie st. -. •,.._.
WANTED— Window or house cleaning or other
work: have eight hours every day to spare.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush. Tel. East 963.
GOOD general Jobbing blacksmith wishes
steady position on a railroad, mine or saw-
mill. Box 4978. Call.
WANTED— sober, industrious married man,
position as salesman for cigars and tobacco;
city and bay towns; commission or salary.
Box 4633, Call office. ■
FIRST-CLASS French cook, second to none,
having worked in best families of New York,
with best references, wishes position as cook
in city or abroad. Box 4971. Call office.
INTELLIGENT man of 34 wishes position in
wholesale or manufacturing house; very small
salary until useful. Box 4976. Call offlce.
AMERICAN man and wife want situations on
ranch; best references. Call or address V.,
1037 Mission st.
ATTENDANT— nurse wishes to take
care of invalid gentleman; mental case pre-
ferred; wages reasonable. Address F. M.,
box 4548, Call offlce.
JAPANESE young man, speaks English well,
wants a position as waiter or houseworker in
nice family. K. FURUTA, 1808 Polk st.; tele-
phone Polk 422.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do plain
cooking for family in city or country. 431
. Stevenson st.
WANTED— Situation as clerk. A d < '' 8 " , box
4636, Call office.
WANTED— A position as pianist or accom-
panlst. ■ Address 323 Day st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak sore, Inflamed, Itching, watery, burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves; by-
mall SOc. German Optical Institute. 1071% Mar-
ket. S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt In every State.
FLATS TO LET.
BUSH, 1209%— 4 rooms; rent $10; water
free. Apply 121 IB Bush st.
FINE corner flat. 7 rooms; all modern improve-
ments; yard; cellar; sun all day. 118 Web-
ster St., near Haight.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
' FULTON, 146— Good lower flat, « rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
I HARRISON. 704. near Third Nice comfortable
sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath; $16.
LAGUNA, 824— The St. James Apartment,
11,, use— Furnished or unfurnished; light
housekeeping.
NEAR City Hall; 2 new upper sunny modern
Hats; 5 rooms and bath each; 28 Grove st. and ■
| 25 Birch aye. '
NEW flat, 5 rooms, bath; yard, cellar and
stable; rent $18. 38 Sharon st., between Fif- |
teenth and Sixteenth, Church and Sanchez.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe st*. :
lovely sunny 6-room flat: modern Improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
PINE, 978 A (old No. 920). bet. Mason and Tay-
lor— 3 rms. and bath, completely fur., $18 mo. j
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— Sunny 5- !
room flat; modern; rent $16; water free.
WANTED— A tenant for cheap flat, 5 rooms
and bath; 22 Glover st., bet. Jones and Leav-
enworth, Vallejo and Broadway; rent $12.
812% JESSIE st. and rear, near Ninth— 2 flats;
4 rooms each: rent $11 and $S.
FLATS TO LET Furnished.
2 FINE furnished bay-window flats; 5 and 3
rooms. Inquire 819 Diamond st.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, bath; piano; $40.
2418 Clay st.
I'llt.MTl'Rb FOR SALE.
COMPLETE bedroom and dining-room set in
antique oak at a sacrifice. 15 Dame st., off
Thirtieth, nr Church. '
FURNITURE, four rooms, new; bargain; par-
ties leaving city. 92".''_ Shotwell.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms, kitchen and bath; 6
rooms rented. 75$ Howard St.; rent $20.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $4S 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED — Female.
cTrT^IANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
20 waitresses for different resorts and com-
mercial hotel, $20 to $2.',: 2 waitresses, city,
$20; 4 chambermaids to wait. $20; woman cook,
$30, and chambermaid to wait, same place,
Pacific Grove, free fare one way; polisher who
can run Troy machine, city, $25 and found;
fancy Ironer, country, $30.
C. R. HANSEN >& CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook for sanitarium, $30, one who can
do bread and pastry. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
WAITRESS, Santa Cruz Mountains. $20; 2
waitresses and chambermaids, Fame hotel, San
Mateo, $20 each; La Honda, $20; city, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 32.7 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, Belmont, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. .__
HOUSEWORK girl. Livermore, $2.7: Raymond.
$20, fare paid; Cordelia, $15; Oakland, $20 per
month. 2 in family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter Ft.
GIRL who understands German cooking. San
Rafael, $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Colusa Count.-, $20. fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS nurse for one child 2 years old,
$25; must have city references. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— German or French cook, no wash.
$25; 10 girls housework, for nice city and
country families, $20; 4 waitresses for restau- I
rants, $5 and $6 a week; chambermaid and j
waitress, country hotel. $20: 4 laundresses, $30
to $35; voting girl for housework. $15; German
second girl. $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
COME to~ the NEW EMPLOYMENT OF-
FICE, 751 Market St. We want chamber-
maids, houseglrls. cooks, waitresses, nurse-
girls, housekeepers, etc.; we can place you
in good situations. Telephone Black 3911.
COMPETENT German or American girl for
general housework and cooking; small fam-
ily; no children; references required. 1562
Webster St.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls; inexperi-
enced instructed. HEYNEMANN & CO.,
410% Mission st.
MILL VALLEY, woman, plain cook, small
Tamily; no washing, $10; reference. Address
H. Box 4539, Call office.
GOOD strong girl for housework; must be good
cook; reference required; wages $15. 112
Hyde st.
GIRL to assist ln light housework; $5 to $6 a
month. 462 Tehama st.
HELP wanted ln kitchen and restaurant. 113
Turk st.
GIRL to do general housework. Apply at 116
Broderick st.. between Haight and Page.
WANTED— FIrst-class waitress; wages $6 per
week. 305 O'Farrell St. ,
NEAT apprentice for dressmaking; paid while
learning. Spring Valley building, room 129.
FIRST-CLASS Ir.ner on ladles' clothes. 10
Oak st.
WANTED— An apprentice on vests and also
good hand on vest. 628 Stevenson st.
GIRL for housework ln small family. Apply
1025 Laguna st., near Turk; wages $10.
EXPERIENCED ladles on gents', neckwear;
bring sample. 119 Bush St.. room 18.
TAILORESS on custom coats at once. 120 Sut-
ter st., room 64.
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats; also ap-
prentice. Call after 9 a. m., 354 Geary st.
GIRL to assist in light housework; $5 per
month; good home. 2632 Sutter st.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
■ $2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice. H. DAVIS. 119 Russ st. ■
WANTED— Young girl for light housework and
care for child; German preferred. Call be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m. at 1014 A Washington.
APPRENTICE and finisher for tailoring. 131
Montgomery st., room 5.
GIRL. German speaking, for housework. 1053
Market St.. upstairs.
WANTED— First-class finisher and button-
hole maker custom coats. 927 Market st. r. 623.
HELP WASTED —
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co.. Ltd.. - Brannan st., between Third and
Fourth. t...-'; '-f :^yf
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan St.. between Third and Fourth.
GOOD hotel waitress. $20; call early. New Em-
ployment Offlce, 751 Market st.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32H Fremont st.; apply to Mr. Davis.
HELP YVANTED Male.
NOTICE
TO DISCHARGED SOLDIERS.
WE WILL GIVE
SITUATION FREE _„
TRANSPORTATION FREE
To any able-bodied soldier wanting work on
the Coast or Valley Railroad as laborer or
teamster, at wages of $1 76 to $2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO-
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND $2 50 PER DAY.
C. R. HANSEN A CO..
EMPLOYMENT G AGENT|.
NO OFFICE FEE.
60 laborers and™ mst£rH for the ' ™ e >' S^"
road $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
' C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FRENCH, Swiss or Alsatian second cook, coun-
trj- hotel. $60; cook, small hotel $40, chop-
h?use $30 second baker. $35; cake baker, ,30;
cook $9 a week; dishwashers, $15 to $30
Neat waiter, country, 85; waiter, springs.
$30 C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
NIGHT barkeeper, $45 and found country ho-
tel steady the year round: barkeeper for a
springs. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Oeary.
FIRST-CLASS gardener for an Institution, $35
and found; driver for a milk route, $30 and
found; harness-maker for a ranch, $30 and
found; laborers for sawmill and woods $30
and found, and others. C. R. HANSEN &
' CO., 104 Geary st.
BIG WAGES AT BIG WAGES
MURRAY AND READY
PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
26 laborers (no experience), fare 30c, $60
25 four- horse teamsters, fare $1 $00
26 laborers for manufacturing company
$36 and found
'ff. BLACKSMITHS ENGINEER
engineer for a mine hoisting engine.... $3 day
12 blacksmiths and helpers, etc
$2 60, $2 day and $55, $45, $35 and found
HAY'BALERS STABLEMEN-
CABINETMAKERS PRUITPIOKERS
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
...- WE PAY YOUR FARE
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS 29 MILLS
126 laborers (no experience required) sober,
steady men $26 to $30 and found
20 woodmen $26 to 40 and found
20 millmen $26 to 40 and found
Lumber pliers, Fig fixers, jackscrewers, bark
peelers, screw turners, spool tenders, crosscut
! sawyers, head donkey man, shingle-bolt mak-
ers, tree fellers, mill bench hands, shingle
packers, screw turners, re-saw men, railroad
wood section hands, swampers, etc., and 65
other different classes of help; wages $70, $65,
$60. $55, $45. $40, $35, $.10 and found; 953 tie-
makers. 10c to 120 each; 264 woodchoppers,
$2.50 to $1 cord.
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARE 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE
To every railroad In California for drillers, la-
borers, teamsters, etc $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
THERE WILL BE A GREAT MINING BOOM
SHORTLY.. AII the great mines are running
full blast night and day and want us to send
364 laborers (no experience required), any-
body will suit.. You will.. Wages $2 50 day.
$2 and $1 So day, $60. $50, $45, $30 and found
Crowds are going dally.. Come and see for
yourselves and read telegrams and letters....
26 miners $2 50 day
FOR A COMMERCIAL BANK
6 teamsters $35 and found
...CARPENTERS AND HOG BUTCHERS...
2 carpenters, city Jobs $3 day
2 bridge carpenters $45 and found
6 carpenters, different jobs. $2 50 and $2 day
FARMS AND DAIRIES AND
CHOREMEN AND HOYS
94 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35, $20. $26, $25, $20 and
found
39 milkers and butter-makers, $30, $25 and
found
16 choremen and boys for ranches, etc., $30,
$26, $25, $2" $15, $10 and found
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
AND FRUITS
25 men for above work
$2 50, $2 25, $2. $1 50. 1 25 day and found
16 fruit pickers $26, $2". $15 and found
IN SAN FRANCISCO
"26 laborers, board j-ourself home ....$1 75 day
12 two-horse teamsters
$175 day and $26 and found
35 laborers ....$2, $1 75 day and $30 and found
gardener, florist, city job $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPT BAKERS
12 cooks, good jobs, $50, $40. $20, $2.7 and found
14 waiters $30. $2.*., $20 and found
9 bakers and helpers.... $25 $20 and found
PORTERS. . LA UN DRY M EN . .SHOEMAKERS
19 boys, city Jobs and 64 other places
MURRAY & READY', 634-636 Clay St.
"WE WANT HELP FOR
OREGON, WASHINGTON, ARIZONA.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS AND BRITISH CO-
LUMBIA.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Farmer and wife, see boss ln city;
milkers. $25; 4 farmers, same ranch, $25; 3
Black work coopers: creamery butter-maker,
$35; 2 blacksmith helpers, $1 25 day and board
and $150 day; boy for milk depot. $15 to
$17 60 and found; 5 woodchoppers, $1 50 cord;
laborers for city and country, teamsters and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — 4 good laborers for first-class mine
at $2 a day and fare refunded; good job; see
boss in city. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento St. .
WANTED— 6 carpenters for short distance in
country; good job; $3 a day. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. - . -
WANTED quartz miners $2 50 a day, 2 la-
borers $2 a day and 1 carpenter $3 a day; also
stableman, $30; all for a good mine. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Second baker for country shop, fare
advanced, $30 and found; blacksmith for
country', near city, $45 and board: blacksmith
i helper for ranch $30 and board
4 milkers, near city $25 and $30
I 10 farm hands, near city $26 and $30
FARE ADVANCED
swampers, lumber pliers, sawyers and Jack-
screwers. for large lumber company. $26 to
$35 and board; 4 miners. $25: furnaceman for
mine. $2 25 per day; laborers, $175 per da.-,
and 100 others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
100 LABORERS; 50 power drill men; shaftsmen;
cooks; dishwashers; 3 teamsters who know
the city; come in and get a job. NEW EM-
PLOYMENT OFFICE. 751 Market st. ; tele-
phone Black 3911.
HEAD waiter. $45, steady job; third cook, $25;
vegetable cook, $25; porter, $20: waiter, $25;
country hotels and springs. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery* st., room 12.
WANTED Clerks, physicians, dentists, attor-
neys and trained nurses to All good positions
now open; also parties to buy or sell estab-
lished business or practice. Professional
and Commercial Agency, Washington, D. C.
BUTCHER-BOY: $5 per week and found. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. '
WANTED— Good retail salesman, familiar with
grocery, tea or crockery trade; good man can
secure permanent position; give reference as
to competency, character; state salary ex-
pected; none without experience ln any of
above lines need answer. Box 4985, Call.
WANTED— AII kinds of South Paciflc Islanders,
Including Filipinos and Sandwich Islanders;
acrobatic, juggling and dancing acts by Span-
ish-speaking people; a dark-skinned snake
charmer, one who has her own snakes. PONY
MOOI^E room 344, Occidental Hotel.
WANTED — First-class carpenters, plumbers
and painters, to do work; part cash, balance to
apply on lot. THE McCARTHY CO., 646
Market street.
WANTED — flrst-class starchwork Iron-
ers: must be A No. 1; wages $25 per month
and first-class board. Apply Immediately at
the Kelly Steam Laundry, San Jose, Cal.
BOY from 16 to IS years old to attend soda-
water fountain. Inquire between 1 and 2 p.
m., 810 Market street.
PANTS and vest maker for the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st.
SAWYER and filer to run band sawmill. 718
Third st.
WANTED — Barber; flrst-class; good wages.
2537 Greenwich street, near Presidio.
METAL spinner; young man. 623 Golden Gate
avenue. - -
WANTED— Good paper-hanger at 1403 Polk st. ;
bring tools.
WANTED— A waiter at 234 O'Farrell St.
YOUNG barkeeper; unmarried; German pre-
ferred. Box 4989. Call offlce.
YOUNG man as porter and bartender ln saloon.
104 Third it., 11 to 1,
HELP WANTED — -Male.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday evening. Sat-
urday and Sunday; $4 50 guaranteed. 108 4th.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work with
references at 2202 Jackson st.
WANTED— A good paper hanger early in the
morning at 410 Fifth st. -
BARBER; young man. 763 Mission st
WANTED— Dishwasher and lunch waiter. 210
Townsend st. '-; '-. ".'■
YOUNG man with some knowledge of watch
making. Box 4645, Call office.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis st, near Taylor—
ISO rooms: 2.7 c night; $1.25 week; reading room.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted. FINK-SHIND-
LER, 1309 Market st. "
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted; call 8-9 a. m.
731 Market st. PROFESSOR HAUSSLER.
WANTED— man; permanent place: will
pay $15 per week, with chance of Increase;
must have small capital. 1032 Market, r. 4.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board. $4 50 per week Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo Station,
on Valley Road. ;
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new from 50c to $150; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet Ist and 2d sts., open o a. m. to 9 p. m.
STREET railway employes in need of money
for security depoett and uniform will find it
to their Interest to call on H. J. SHAL-
MOUNT, 1406 Pine st.
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works Apply at the stables, Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts., San Francisco, or on work at
Sunol.
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 63.7 Clay st.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
•50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
TRY* our 15c meals; beet in city. 4C6 McAllis-
ter st. BBSS— __
WANTED— hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that E.I Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504. 506 Davis st.
WANTED — Tenants for stores, flats; stores, $10
up; flats, $6 up. SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
THREE Al hustlers to canvass; salary and'
commission. 300 Post st.
WANTED— Experienced trunkmaker. Apply
at 946 Howard St., HARBAND BROS.
BARBER shop In lively country town; 2 chairs;
baths. Apply at 1229 Golden Gate aye.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket" st. ; free shaving ln students' department.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
SAILORS and ordinary' seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— men to flnd clean, central, cheap
rms.. 25c. 50c night: hkpg.. $1 25 up. 88 3d St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, inc. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138^ Eighth St.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, -25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863^ Market st.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 2.'.c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work rses. Chase & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Kllllp & Co., salesjard. 1732 Market.
JUST arrived— large horses and car-
load med'um size, broke and unbroke. at
J. D. HORAN'S. Tenth and Bryant sts.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES— -LODGING For Sale.
15-ROOM house on Fourth st. ; only $275
26 rooms; corner house ' 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house: large yard; downtown.... 400;
15 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 60*1
54-room house: clears $300 1600 ,
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. sth.
R. 11. WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms, near Sutter and Post sts $7,70
is rooms, rent $65, near Orpheum 950
30 rooms, rent $90, flne paying house 1350
40 rooms, modern, cheap rent 1800
MONEY TO LOAN AT TWO PER CENT.
FOR sale— The business and* furniture of a flne
family hotel, 60 rooms, situated in the center
of San" Francisco. Address P. O. box 51,
Tracy, Cat
LODGING house, furnished, '17 moms: store,
dining room and kitchen; ln Stent, Tuolumne
County; for sale or rent. Apply to WILLIAM
HENRY. Angels Camp. Cat
$750— LODGING-HOUSE. 40 rooms; cheap rent
and lease: departure cause of sale. Mc-
I.AUOIILIN & CO.. 777". Market st.
$525 20-ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $50. BASILE. 3 Eddy st
JULIAN aye.. 192. cor 16th St.— Lodging-house,
11 rooms; all occupied; $175; rent $16.
FAMILY* boarding-house; steady boarders; 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.box 71. Call.
HOUSES TO LET.
VERY flne house, ln perfect condition; 3356
Twenty-first st, near Guerrero; 7 rooms;
rent very reasonable; see lt E. G. DENNIS-
TON. 3454 Twenty-flrst st.
LOVELY' home: house 10 rooms, bath; flower
garden; $50; see it 923 Pine st, near Taylor.
$30: SW. cor. Leavenworth and Chestnut; ele-
gant 2-story rouse; 6 rm., bath; marine view.
BUILDING suitable for dye works, laundry,
manufacturing, etc. ; well water; cheap rent.
318-320 Eleventh st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. g_K_jSB
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms; low
rent 3356 Twenty-first st. ; key next door.
HOUSES TO LET — Furnished.
TO LET— $35; flne residence, 6 rooms and bath,
with furniture: 2609 Pine St. Inquire of E.
ROBINET, 411 >..- California st. : upstairs.
LOST AND FOUND.
STRAYED or stolen from Twelfth and Harri-
son sts., 2 speckled coach dogs, about 7
months old; reasonable reward. GEORGE
SWITZER, Twelfth and Harrison sts.
LOST— Party who took basket by mistake
Saturday afternoon from ticket office at ferry
please return to baggageruom at depot.
LOST Bundle cf clothes from laundry wagon
vicinity of Franklin and Sacramento sts. R&1
turn to 1332 Jackson st and receive reward.
LOST— A Cleveland bicycle, model 35, No 214 -
193. Reward at 421 C Natoma st. "
JULY" 17— Lost from 6:30 Sausalito boat to train
three notebooks in pencil. Finder please re-
turn to E. S. 8., 130 Powell st. S. F.. and re-
ceive reward.
WHITE fox terrier, with large tan spot over
eye. 317 Sixth st; $5 reward.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery v.-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st"
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store 'and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Miss st.
FRENCH bevelled plate mirrors ISx4O Inches.
3 unframed at $3 75 each; 3 framed at $5 00
each; ln perfect condition. JONES. 547 Mis-
sion st.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
T^ llln , X at less than cost 613 Hearst building.
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete: pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE. 516 Mission.
FOR SALE Fine bred fox terrier pups cheap.
_ 215-4 Tehama st.. upstairs.
BARBER shop 2 chairs and baths, In San Ma-
teo County, Baden. M. BRIGHT.
BUTCHER shop for sale; good location; good
trade. Apply Call office.
FOR sale— St. Bernard dog, 14 months old;
cheap. Inquire at 797 Mission st.
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers: 1 nickel plated
and other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw,
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
A SPLENDID tpj-'ewriter for home use only;
$20. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgom-
ery- st.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
b. p. $15«, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
DRESS pants. $2 95: flnesuits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original st. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS NTS.
WANTED large "classroom or hall: perma-
nently 3000 square feet or larger: state price
per year size and location; must be cheap
and "quite central. Address HOOVER, box
4982, this office.
WANTED— Reliable business horse; must be
cheap. 1332 Polk st. _^
WANTED— 2-story building with outground 75a
20. Inquire 430 Sixth st.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. _______________________
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going . elsewhere: they will find
in her a true friend: a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment. $5; no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eady
St.. bet. Hj-de and Larkin: office hours, 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment
onlj-. -• •:' '■" 7 .
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at anytime when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at offlce,
$5: home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st, bet
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday. 10 to 12 anil 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free .confl-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st. ;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
V TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st, between
Mason and Taylor: offlce hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men s
knowledge; cure, $.7; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donneil has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free; call or write. 1023 V& Market st.
BR WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m. __
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay untU too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments ; consultation free, confidential;
home treatment, $5. MRS. ALLEN. 22SVanNess.
A nice private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: Infants adopted.
MRS. M. .PFEIFFER. midwife, 2012 Folsom.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215V6 Mason St.—
Private home in confinement; ladles' friend
in trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
! DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO., druggists, 406 Clay, sols agts.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
DR and Mrs Wise. HIS Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back : $5 u».
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
_____._______—_—_.——-——————-—-—^— —————— —— ——————
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st, above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6'i per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates;' confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
CASH loans to salaried people on note with-
out endorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 418 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal : no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY' loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOI'SLEY'. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 130 Market
■ I
MONEY \VAvn:i>.
WANTED— SISOO on sound real estate. P. O.
Box. 420. Oakland, Cal.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright rlanos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this met- prices are the.
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 ami
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ,
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE 8.
26, 28 and 3" O'Farrell st. pianos organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy ; prices lowest erj-
thlng possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .
HAINES BROS . Baldwin and other standard
makes' second-hand. 1100 up; wholesale prices
""all.' W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
\VANTI Six square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st.
OUR special- Best renting stock in San Fran-
cisco. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 666 Hayes st.
VERY flne Weber for sale cheap; uprights less
than $100. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
PIANO, good condition, fine tone,, for sale; $75;
no dealers. KM Market st. ; Monday.
PIANO for sale: $20. 2454 Market st; call
Monday.
AT $127— Steinway upright left by party going
East. 136 Ellis st
A— sSs- UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also, the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $63 up; Installments. $.*> 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale), Heine, 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianoa
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery at
$60—105 Taylor st •
— 455 Valencia St.. corner Sixteenth.
$35—859 Mission st., near Fifth.
$20—328 Montgomery avenue.
$22 50—836 Howard st. near Fifth.
817—256 First St.
$20—354 Fourth st.
$25—1119 Harrison St.. corner Langton.
ATTENTION, grocery and saloon men— Fine
store on SE. corner Tenth and Howard sts.:
cheap rant. •.:.-;.-<_ -»— »PALMISTRY.
MME. iAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
pwiln. 616 Geary si., above Jones; classes;
lifrlco hours. I to S p. m.; reading by mall, Jl.
I'\l.MlEA— Removed to 301 Polk st., cor. Ful-
ton: readings daily: lectures Mcnday S p. m. |
'/ff- MME. SHNELL. the famous palmist. 916 .
Rush Ft" between Taylor and Jones.
PERSONALS. I
I EDERER'S Quintonica is incomparable as 'a ,
i"iir tonic; stimulates the growth; keeps the
fn'.r <dean; 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER always uses S - he;'fler's Colorine for
the hair: restores color, bleached or gray. $1 50
to $5; cost 75c box: hairdressing, 25c; switches,
Jl. G. LEDEREK. 123 St.'Ckton st.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to ler, $10 77; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1614
Markot st., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. i Sutter st., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Ca!. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC l ; ghts in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $'** per week;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
{: PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitter. Co.. 1306 Stockton Bt., near Broadway. ]
T~ BRILLIANT. 3-34 Post St., will sell "you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor- i
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. GREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office, Horse Hospital. 51 Golden Gate aye.; !
separate ward for contagious diseases. \
BEFORE going to the country get a handsome I
genuine Mexican "sombrero; 40c upward Mcxl- I
can Store. 11l Stockton st. ;
LIFE insurance policies bought for cash. W. j
R. NICHOLSON, Attorney and Financial
Agent. International Hotel.
LADIES — The Equipoise waist has no equal; i
Ypsilantl underwear. OBER'S, 34 Geary st. ,
$1 ro— looo CARDS, statements, bill or note
heads; catalogue printing. BLEY'S Printing j
U House, 511 Sacramento st. ; tel. Main 1836.
A- LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
who.. • figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife, no .:-._•?,:
Stion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 511 Pine. I Krny.
A — Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought, ,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits. Jl week. Chicago ,
Clock Co.. 1814 Market st.: open evenings.
SUMMER bambo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TANI. 313 Sutter st. i
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth
WANTED-Old gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEE news for 5 cents— The W-ekly Call.
Ifi pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL. office and residence.
IO2IH Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PSVc'IOMETRV-
HENRY HARRIS! :^7netr7st;
reads character; gives advice from spirit side
of )_fc; heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Si«l*».
EASTON. ELDRIDGE __ CO.
BANKS PAY 3 1-3 PER CENT INTEREST.
REAL ESTATE FOUR TIMES AS MUCH.
INVESTMENTS.
$4.o*'io— 3 flats and rear hcuse on Minna st. ;
rents $40; 25x80: snap.
*4,1« v> — 4 fiats near Sixth and Folsom sts.; rent
$40; lot 27x80 feet.
$3.500 — Near Second and Minna St.; brick I
house, 12 rooms.
$3,500—2 houses of 4 tenements; near Fourth j
and Brannan sts.: double lot.
$l,9i»— Stone st.. near Jackson; 2 flats, 4 rooms
each; rents $18.
$1,750—4 hlocks from Fourth and Market sts.;
, 3 flats, 4 rooms each; rent $26.
FLATS
$17,000— Fell st.. corner icing Panhandle; 3
flats: rents high; 31:3x137:6.
$7, 000— Near McAllister st.; 3 modern flats; !
rent $65; 25x137:6.
$5,000— T0 close an estate: 2 flats, 7 rooms; on ;
$4.75*"< — 3 flats on Golden Gate aye ; rents $44.
$4,000— Flat and store on Steiner st. ; always j
rented.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$7,'»»— Washington st.. Pacific Heights; 10
rooms and bath; 25:6x102.
B»r st. : bay-window house, 10 rooms, I
m: 2.7x1 10.
t frontace on California st. house
ms, bath and stable; land worth j
y.
; ty-fourth St.: house, 7 rooms and
bath; snap: must sell.
12,500— 5r ; mortgage J2'>oO -an remain C per j
cent; nice cottage. 6 roonis and bath;
alone worth the money.
lT^_.
, c _ ty-fourth St.. near Castro; 40-foot
iouble frontage, ready for build- i
-ent to Mission st. ; street work
25x100 feet,
ir regular auction sales every two
further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
-Seven-room modern cottage, lot
60x100, stable and carriage house. 2020 Point
t y. ( aye
A— s7Bso; CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
park view, front and rear, cannot be ob-
structed: 10 large sunny rooms; most ex-
pensively decorated: iniald floors: mohogany,
cherry and oak mantels; plate glass windows;
very ccstly fi-light a:*" fixtures; French
ranire. heaters, conservatory, etc. Apply to
ALBERT WILFORD, cor. Fulton and Shra-
der sts.. from 12 to 4 p. m. ; McAllister or
Hayes-st. cars.
TWO choice lots on Twelfth aye.. near Clem-
ent St.; close to the finest residence in Rich-
mond; 25x120 each; only $.: each; electric
cars within a few steps; all street work done;
lots graded; easy payments. W. J. GUNN,
_10 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye . and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery.
39 lots on 20;h. Diamond. 21st and Collingwood;
very cheap on installments: graded and sew-
ered 2 th st. lots, 25x r '7:6, $-.70; Diamond st. lots.
25x12*., $350; 21st St. lots. 25x57:6. $27.0; Colling-
wood st. lots. 2.7x125. $200; from $25 to $100 cash,
balance at 6 per cent. '.'HAS W. POPE. 11
Montgomery st.
A CHARMING HOME
IN THE MISSION
$2500— House of 8 rooms and bath; cost nearly
$1000 2 years ago; Alabama St.. near Twenty-
second. ' If you are king for a nice home and
want your moneys worth see this.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
ASHTON & GARDINER. -ill Montgomery st.
Valencla-st. lots; any size; .I_s per front
foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third St., comer San Jose aye.. with
improvements. $5500.
Second and Silver sts.; corner, with Improve-
ments. J67WK _^_^_____^^^^__-______
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
A COUNTRY HOME TO LEASE
ln the hills of San Mateo County; 5 mile- west
of Stanford University; house of 14 rooms and
baths: hot and cold water, etc.; 2". acres, with
3200 fruit trees; nice grounds; barn, stables,
etc.; delightful roads, trails, woods: flne cli-
mate and water: daily stage; postoffice;
school, etc. J. H. GILMORE. 321 Montgomery.
NEW rich land near city: smail and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1837-95 address THE
COTATI CO.. 3f>2 California St.. S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Unifd States, postpaid, for <: per year.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant. cofTee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. ; popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTONIA, B>_. off Jones, near Ellis— or 3
housekeeping rooms, $10.
AT 145 12th st.— Sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for hkpg., reas.; also single.
DEVISADERO. 549. corner McAllister— 3 or 4
very desirable sunny unfurnished rooms; elec-
tric light; gas; bath.
EDDY, 743—3 rooms, lower floor, furnished or
unfurnished; also single; large yard; laundry.
EDDY. 917 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rms.; low rent; private residence; no children.
FIFTH. 353—3 furnished connecting rooms, $13;
two, $10; hallroom, $4 to $5. _____
FILLMORE, 2208, near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
FOLSOM, 739— Single and furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; light and sunny single rooms, $1
to $1 %_; housekeeping, $2 up per week.
GEARY, 1917— Parlor, bedroom, dining room,
kitchen, bath, toilet, gas, yard, basement.
GOLDEN GATE avenue, 640— Two nicely fur-
nished sunny rooms, with kitchen: also single.
HARRISON, 731— Front and back parlor, fur-
nished for housekeeping; alio small bedroom;
rent |16, large yard. J
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
HOWARD, nr. Third-Two frnshed rms.;
hot, cold, wat.; bath; private family; $9 mo.
HOWARD, 525— Furnished housekeeping rooms,
with sunny yard, and others; cheap.
HIDE. 320, bet. Eddy and Ellis— B sunny fur-
nished rooms; housekeeping.
HOWARD, 822— Large parlors cheap, unfur-
nlshed; rooms furnished for housekeeping.
JONES, 2056. cor. Filbert— lovely unfurnished
rooms, including kitchen; bay-window; adults.
KEARNY, Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping, $15.
LAP. KIN. So4— Large sunny bedroom and
kitchen, furnished, $8 80: 2 unfurnished. $S;
sunny single furnished, $4.
LARKIN. 32G— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete; gas ran*;*-; bath.
LOCUST aye., 635, near Golden Gate Unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms.
MARKET, 102s— Large sunny front room and
kitchen: folding bed; closet; $12. ■
MARKET. Large sunny room, grate,
large closet: light housekeeping; $6 a month.
MINNA, 322—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms fur-
nished complete.
MISSION. 654. nr. Third— 2 sunny rooms; new-
ly furnished; $10 and $6 per month.
MISSION. 967— Unfurnished and furnished, for
housekeeping; pas. bath; everything new.
NATOMA. 60—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
sunny yard; $5 75; no children; no dogs.
NATOMA. 701. cor. Eighth-Sunny housekeep- '
ing rooms, also single, with use of kitchen.
'PEARL, 3. corner Market— 2 or 3 rooms fur-
nished comolete for housekeeping. f
SECOND, 50S— 2 or 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms: bath; hot and cold water.
SUTTER 1111, nr. -Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg. ; terms reasonable.
TEHAMA. 331—3 or 4 rooms for housekeeping;
bath and stationary washtubs; very reasonbl.
TURK 747 Sunny bedroom and kitchen: gas
stove'; gas and bath; private; 53 27 per week.
VAN NESS aye.. V l7 2 sunny nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, $15 month.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. |
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. ami I'nfaru.
ABBOTTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
—Quiet and homelike; rms. bright and sunny,
sin. or en suite; chgs. moderate; cars direct.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth-Rooms, |
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ASH aye.. SS, near City Hall— 2 sunny front un-
funrnished: 1 funrnlshed, single. ______
\T POLK. 611, bet. Eddy and Turk— Furnished
sunny rms.. single, $8 to $10; also sunny suite,
$25. with light housekeeping If desired; adults
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; flrst-clcsa
ln every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. SOc to $1 50 day. MRS J. KING.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 20** Ist-class sunny rms..
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping^
AT 3ii Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms: also hpkg. rms.; reas.: transient.
BERNARD, 27—3 rooms, newly papered and
painted. $'.': rent free until August L
BUSH 1124— Elegant suite. $25; single room,
$10; bath: running —ater; home comforts. .
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY. 303, cor. Jones— Sunny corner bay-win-
dow room reasonable.
ELLIS, 606— Nice sunny hallroom; also large
rqom; rent reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 106— Large bay-window room, j
suitable for 2 gents; also others.
FILLMORE. 618, near Hayes- Nicely furnished ;
rooms: single and for housekpg.; cheap rent. |
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
$1 per week.
FOLSOM. 1154— Nice sunny furnished room.
FOURTH, 12_"4, nr. Mission— New management:
newly frnshd and renovated : choice front rms. |
FRANKLIN, 21. "The Newport"— Nice sunny j
furn. single and double rms.: also hi usekpg.
OKA!;' 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable turn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GOLDEN STATE. 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GOLDEN GATE, 527— Sunny room; rent rea-
sonable. '■'■ r
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission —Sunny rooms, en suite or single; j
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator. I
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 661. bet. 2d and 3d— Larse sunny
room; fire grate; suitable for 1 or 2 gents.
HAWTHORNE 140. bet. 2d & 3d. nr. Folsom—
Small neatly furnished hall bedroom, $5 mo.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms ; elev : free baths.
HOWARD. v 2 rooms from $1 week
up; "also "housekeeping and transient.
IVANHOE I"''-' 1' Ik. Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up; ret.
LEAVENWORTH, 514— Sunny, newly furnished
rooms, suitable for two gents or single; gas,
bath; private family.
MARKET 7»3V»— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 tc »2 60 per week. y
MARKET 1658 opposite Tenth— Comfortable
' room, large closet, suitable for 1 or 2. $4 or $5.
LISTER Newly fur. front rm.. hot
run. water, IS; alcove sunny single room. $6.
MINNA? 667* cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. _ per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offlces; elevator; electric lights, day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL 208— Nicely furnished rooms: 2 1
sunny front rooms: second floor; \ reasonable.
POWELL 317. formerly Cosmos Club— Ele- j
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent j
light; reading room, smoking room and !
ladies' parlor; rocms per night, 35c to $1 oo;
week. $2 to IS: month. $5 to $30: elevator on
offlce floor: rooms with hot. cold wat. ; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 5374— Sunny room: rent $3.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth .-!.. cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A gcod rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gaa;bath; new mangt^
THIRD, 2." nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp.
TURK, Furnished sunny rooms, $6 to $7
per month; all conveniences; private family.
TURK, 829— Nice sunny room, suitable for gen- I
tlemen; running water; double bed; hath;
11 "1 per week.
VAN NESS aye.. 944-r-Elegantly furnished
rooms, with or without board; telephone Lar- •
kin 1064.
YALE, 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites, $5 up: single. $1 50 up.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans and half-
orphans have been received into the orphan- '■
age from January 1 to July 1, 1899: Gertie :
Sanchez. 7 years: Lizzie Lang. 12 years 2|
months: Winifred Casutt, 8 years 1 month; I
Ruth Isaacs, 2 years; Lilly Isaacs, 3 years; |
Louisa Greenwood, 4 years 8 months; Irene <
Greenwood, 2 years 10 months; Matilda Lin- ;
tla, 8 years; Emma Semoncina, 5 years; Julia ;
Semoncina, 2 years 10 months; May Welsh,
9 years 2 months; Nora Broderick, 8 years;
Marian Gillian, 11 years 3 months; Veronica
Dineen, 2 years 5 months; Mary Cavan, 2'
weeks (foundling); Arthur Davies, 4 years 3 I
months: Harry Gage, 3 years 4 months; Jo-
seph Charley, 2 years 2 months; Nick An- |
drews, 3 years 10 months; Luke Andrews, 6
years 1 month; John James, 3 years 1 month; •
Frank James," ( years; Tommy Pine, 3 years; I
George Llntia, 6 years; Fred Eaton, 4 years 1
6 months; Tommy Thomberg, 5 years 3
months; Alexandra Nelson, 5 years; Frank
Johnson, 4 years 1 month;
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum from January 1, 1899, to July 1, 1839:
Anita Lindner. 3 yrs.; Alice W. Bowles, 3 yrs.
7 mos.; Clarissa Cook, 7 yrs.; Annie A. Klang,
9 yrs 11 mos.; Macarthe G. Klang^ 8 yrs.;
Hazel Maguire. 7 yrs.: Emma L. Oeding, 5
yrs 4 mos.; Myrtle Oeding, 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Emily Seymour, 11 yrs. 7 mos.; Maggie Green,
14 yrs.; Stanley E. Williamson. 9 jts.; Wil-
liam Lindner, 4 yrs. : Victor Beck, 3 yrs.;
Clarence Hawkins, 7 yrs. 11 mos. : Harold M.
Ro»s 3 yrs. ; James C. Cook, 4 yrs. ; William
M." Hale, 12 yrs.; Bert S. Hale, 9 yrs. 7 mos.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 19, 1899.
SPIRITUALISM.
MEDIUMS' Protective Ass'n to-night, Mme.
Young's hall; speaking and spirit messages;
all welcome.
JOHN SLATER— CircIe to-night at 8:15; sit-
tings dally, 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton st., near
Greenwich.
ARRIVED— The king of all mediums. Prof.
Haley; tells your life from cradle to grave;
50c, 11 up. 106 Taylor St., parlors 3-5.
MRS. ELLIS.' tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon. S; 25c: sittings. M 233 Valencia ft.
' STAR TO LET.
STABLE of 8 stalls and large lot: Hayes St.,
near Devisadero; very cheap; suitable for any
business. Apply to DR. GUNZBURGER,
1933 Ellis st. ____________________
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. Tel Black 311.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP— S4OOO for a $6000 place; beautiful
corner. 37x120. for immediate sale on account
of departure for the East; call and examine.
MARCUSE A REMMEL, Bay St. station,
Alameda, or 630 Market St., San Francisco.
$700— FINE lot on bay shore.
$2200— Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath; .lot
62x150; near High School and depot; terms. $100
cash, $20 per month.
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath: lot 42x
207; open plumbing plate glass, etc.; half block |
from station and High School: easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms. I
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
$1600 ILL buy a first-class cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; lot 35x110; all Improvements and
street work finished in 60 days. J. IL
YOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park st.
SNAP— New House. 8 rooms and bath; lot ">ox j
150: good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta- |
tion. Apply to W. F SCHT-LT*-.. 1612 ' 'hapln.
ALAMI'OA KOOMS AND II4>A.KO.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS DR. FT*N E. 1416 Mb
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IN Berkeley— Corner lot: 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooi.'.s.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing 81 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. j
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SMALL grocery and branch bakery with 4-
room house in rear, all modern; a good stock,
all new: a most desirable location: cash sales
. daily (9; who will pick up this big bargain:
rent' $12 CALIFORNIA LAND EXCHANGE,
958 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
j; 4 ROOM cottage, high basement; stable:
■ nice large lot. etc.: must sell: owner called
away. Apply FIELD REALTY CO., 113. East
Fourteenth St., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly |
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the ;
United States or Canada one year for $1. •
postage paid.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the ;
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
FRUITVAI E HOUSES.
BEAUTIFUL 4'-room cottage; hard-finished;
barn: large chicken house; 10 minutes' ride |
from station. GO minutes' from San Francisco; ;
.- per month. 807 Filbert St.
___ — ___— -——j^-- —
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 95 (SOc per
share* of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the offlce of the company
on and after Tuesday, August 1, 1899. Trans- ;
fer books will close on Wednesday, July 26.
1599. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 69 Xibc per !
share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation :
Company will be payable at the offlce of the
company. 327 Market st., on and after j
THURSDAY July 20, 1899. Transfer books |
will close on FRIDAY, July 14. 1593. at 3 1
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. '
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
5 NOTICE of dissolution of co-partnership—
Notice Is hereby given that the copartner-
shir* heretofore existing between the under-
sitrned GROSVENOR P. AYERB, W. D.
O'KANE and E. S. CIPRICO, all of San
Francisco, California, doing business under
the firm name and style of ATER9 & CO.,
I, this day 'dissolved by consent. Mr. GROS-
VENOR P. AVERS succeeds to and will
hereafter conduct said business under the
same firm name as heretofore and will col-
lect all outstanding accounts and settle all
liabilities.
San Francisco. Cal. April 10, 1899.
GROSVENOR P. AVERS, W. D. O'KANE,
17 S. CIPRICO.
ESTATE of MARGARET C. KELLY— Any
party or parties Raving at any time made or
witnessed a will or deed for the late MAR-
GARET C. KELLY of 604 Guerrero St.. for-
merly 424 Powell st.; will please notify
JUDGE SULLIVAN, Parrot building, fifth
floor, and receive a suitable reward.
~BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in' at either of the publication offices and he
Indorsed with the nan," and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CESENA— In South San Francisco. July 16,
1899. to the wife of Michael Cesena, a Bon.
HARTMANN— In this city. July IS, 1899, to the
wife of Jakob Hartmann. a son.
HEUSSMANN— In this city, July 16, 1 99. to
the wife of John C. Heussmann. a daughter.
HILL— Roseville. Placer County. July 12.
1899. to the wife of John A. Hill, a daughter.
MARRIED.
__VliY._Y._vJ.X-J l.
FINNIGAN— July 6. 1899, by Rev.
Father John Collins, James P. Finnigan and
Lizzie C. Peters, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Adam. Emma Mann, Jennie
Bast Gust McCarthy, Bartholo-
Borden, John V. P. mew
Bradv. Annie G. Neill. Frank L.
Brvson. Harry L. Peterson, Lydia F.
Clark Joseph C. Reuleln. Emil 8.
Gwin, Ralph Sablna, Sister Maria
Hawkes. John W. Santlsteban. Gabriel
Heussmann (Infant). Shepard. Edward
Hoyt, Frank M. Sturrock. Mary J.
Huester, Louis Bwett, Eben
Just. Elizabeth Wyntjens, Frank
Lang, Lizzie
ADAM— In this city, July 17, 1599, Emma, be-
loved, wife of Herman Adam and daughter
of Mrs. S. Weber of Grand Island, Colusa
County, a native of Germany, aged 22 years
3 months nml 12 days. (Colusa papers please
copy.)
BAST— In the City and County Hospital. July
18, 1899, Gust Bast, a native of Russia, aged
47*' years
BORDEN— this city, July 17, 1.99. John Vin-
cent Prior Borden, beloved and only son of
Catherine Borden, and brother of Mary P.,
Josie I. and Ada L. Borden and Mrs. Vena
Stevens, a native of Benicia, Cal.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 311 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, i
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy j
Cross Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city, July IS, 1599, Annie Ger-
trude Brady, beloved daughter of Bernard
F. and Amelia Brady, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years and 2 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 2070 Ellis street, thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a requiem high
mass, will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRYSON— In this city. July 17, 1599. Harry L..
only son of Mrs. S. E. and the late C. W.
7'rys.n. and brother of Pearl Bryson. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 17 years 11 mouths
and 7 days. : ;■" ' ■
C~?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln school.
Telephone South 80.
8 McAVOY dt CO., I
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St.. between co., 9th. I
NERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1236 Market st.. between Bth and 9th.
I Telephone, South 247. I
aiITW-TMltMffi'll"™- "— — .. .■.»-. --.-■■ -.1 ..-.n^jl j
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 355 Jersey street, near Castro. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CLARK— In Weaverville, Trinity County, July
17, 1899, Joseph Curtis Clark, beloved son of
R. L. and J. Clark and brother of R. L. Jr.,
F. W. Clark and Mrs. H. L. Stewart. Mrs.
Walter Loveland and Mrs. J. E. Fhand. a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 4
months.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
11 o'clock, from the residence of his parents.
Sl9 Greenwich street. Interment . Mount
Olivet Cemetery by carriages.
GWIN— In this city. July 17. 1899. Ralph, be-
loved son of William M. and Blanche Gwin,
a native of San Francisco, aged 18 years 4
• months and 9 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday). at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 226S Franklin street. Interment pri-
vate
HAWKES— In this city, July 18. 1899, John W.,
beloved husband of Alice M. Hawkes, son of
Joseph and the late Bridget Hawkes, father
of Joseph, Elmus, Lorraine and Leslie J.
Hawkes. brother of William and James
Hawkes and Mrs. F. J. Klenck and brother-
in-law of Louis J. Bailey, a native of San
Francisco," aged 36 years 11 months and IS
days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 722 Fulton street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
■will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HEUSSMANN— In this city. July 16, 1899, In-
fant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John C.
Heussmann. . . ;
HOYT— In this city, July 17, 1899, Frank M
Hoyt, a native of Lowell, Mass, aged 50
years 11 months and is days.  .-.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery-
lI TESTER— In this Vdty. July 18, 1899. Louis
Huester, a native of Germany, aged 46 years
2 months and 16 days.
CTRemains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
JUST— In this city. July IS. 1599. at her late
residence, 27 Lapidge street, Elizabeth Just.
a native of Switzerland, aged 71 years 10
months and 5 days.
LANG— In this city, July 18, 1899, Lizzie,
, eldest and dearly beloved daughter of John
and Louisa Lang and sister of John, August
and Emma Lang and the late Anna Lang,
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years s
months and 8 days.
MANN— In this city. July 17, 1899, Jennie Mann,
a native of Canada, aged 62 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city, July 17, 1839, Bar-
tholomew, beloved husband of the late Har-
riet McCarthy, and father of Harry. Burt
and John McCarthy and Mrs. Gregory Skelly.
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 56
years and 6 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), nt 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. Gregory Skelly, 4078
Twenty-fifth street. thence to St. Paul's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
NEILL- In this city. July 18. 1899. Frank Love-
land Neill, only and beloved Infant child of
Barton J. and Emma L. Neill. a native of
.<:.. Francisco, aeed 2 months and 1 day.
' PETERSON— this city, July IS, 1899, Lydia
Frances, beloved twin daughter of George
j W. and Mary A. Peterson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 9 months and 9 days.
RE' LEIN— In this city July 17, 1899, Emil P.,
dearly beloved husband of Bertha F. Reulein.
beloved father of Maud, Edna and Anton
Reuleln, son of Barbara and the late John
Reuleln, son-in-law of Henry and the late
Lizzie Suhling and brother of David Reuleln
and Mrs. Minnie Mills, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 37 years 3 months and 12 days.. A
member Of Eureka Lodge No. 9, K. of P.:
White Eagle Tribe No. 72, I. O. R. M., and
Precita Parlor No. 187, N. S. G. W.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2870 Twenty-fourth street. near
Florida. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
! SABINA— In this city, July IS. 1899. Sister
Maria Sabina (in life Eva Weber), a native
j of Baden, Germany, aged 23 years.
; SANTISTEBAN— Fairfax, Marin County.
Cal., July 18. 1899. Gabriel A., dearly beloved
son of Gabriel C. and Teodora Santisteban
and brother of Marie Santisteban, a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 24 days.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SHEPARD— In this city. July 18. 1899. Edward,
beloved brother Of John Lee and Sarah Lee
Shepard, a native of California, aged 24 years
4 months and 4 days.
STURROCK— Oakland, July 18, 1899, Mary
Jane, beloved wife of James Sturrock and
"sister of William, John and Robert Robertson
and Mrs. Barnell, Mrs. Duncan and Mrs.
Crown, a native of Scotland, aged 28 years
and 7 months. \
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 3 o'clock, at the
parlors of James Taylor, 520 Thirteenth street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
SWETT— In this city. July 17. 1899. Eben, be-
loved husband of May Swett, father of Mrs.
Lulu Lee, Mrs. Grace C. Clegg and Charles
Swett, and brother of Mrs. Andrews. Mrs.
Moffatt, Mrs. Sessons. Mrs. Bandy and John
Swett. a native of Brunswick, Me., aged 55
years 7 months and 2 days.
3 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter. 340 Turk street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
WYNTJENS— In this city, July IS. 1899, Frank
Wyntjens, beloved father of Mrs. F. A.
Koegel and Louis Wyntjens. a native of Hol-
land, aged 76 years and 5 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of his daughter. Mrs. F. A. ECoegel,
1176 Harrison str-»;t. Interment private.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL. .
i Lieut Mead. Portland W II Lyon. Redlands
Mrs Mead. Portland W G Nevln, L Ang
!E W Hopkins. Menlo J R Hitchcock, L Ang
j S Hopkins, Menlo V H Lehner, Chicago
1W B Heyburn, Spokane j Count Merram, Au3
--i O N Guldlin, Ind tralia
R Clover, U S N (Mrs J Klechelman. O
I R Trimble, N V 'Mrs I Rrldeleski. O
Mrs R Trimble, NY IR L Simpson, Miss
Mrs X T Woolsey, NY P I Horn. Colo
: E T. de Roode. N V A L Nichols. Colo
I C B Keeler, Chicago |F P Quien. Amsterdam
A Lolnan. Illinois A Glesel. Shanghai
i Mrs A I>olnan. Illinois J E Weed. Boston
j J Renault, Boise T L Berry, Balto
W I. Frue, S Jose D B '• '--..v, N V
Mrs W B Erne. S Jose R Woodard, N V
' T C Perrin, S Jose 17 Powell, England
W C Ruhling. S Jose Mr- Powell, England
1 R T Casedy, Yreka Mrs F S Clark, N V
Mrs Monies. Dawson Miss R M Clark. N V
J Hinsh. Texas C E Green, S Mateo
W 11 Baber. Oakland Mrs Green, S Mateo
i C R Ray, Oregon Mrs Waldron, S Cruz
C T Koffenberger. N V T N Dunbar, Portland
Miss G Mitchell. N V Mrs Dunbar, Portland
E H Johnson, NY J D Bennett, U S N
! Miss W Christie. N V J M Anderson, Pa
j C R Collins. Seattle Mrs J M Anderson, Pa
N C Dougherty. Peoria Miss L V Steele. Pa
F L Soldon, St Louis Miss A J Steele. Pa
; B Blewett, St Louis Miss R McCleary. Pa
'■ N Murray, Balto IS W Reynolds, Boston
N M Butler, NY as Loventhal. Cal
, II T Dawson. N V Mrs Loventhal, Cal
Mrs Dawson, N X C L Robinson, Ky
Mrs E Hoagland. N V Mrs Robinson, Ky
Mrs A P Vass, N V Mrs J Glezebrook. Ky
Mrs A Bacon, N V Mrs C E Milton. Ky
! F Leonard, Nevada Miss Ferguson, X y
R Wat. horn. Wash II B Smith, Mexico
17 C Howe, L Ang Mr McGurrin. Chicago
P Johnson. Madera Mrs McGurrin. Chicago
R I.lden, Madera IF Gorsche, Chicago
J V. Hazzard. Arizona J D Shafer, Pa
j Mrs Hazzard. Arizona ' .
GRAND HOTEL.
H L Kennlson, U S A J Hecht. St Louis
I A B Scales, USA F Phiscator & w, Cal
IW F Parker, Ls Ang Iv M Fletcher, Boston
IV O Toland, Ventura II M Swanke, Topeka
I W Allen, Cal P Harsh. Denver
A Cottrell, Eureka 0 W Sill, Watsonvllle
ia F McCarthy, Cal :|C C Swafford, R Bluff
' L H Young, Cal J L Pendleton. Cal
1 A R Kara go, Cal IR F Casady, Montague
C T Gllger, Hopland C Rowell, Fresno
! D Eals A. w. Ogden H T Jones. Walnut c
A Patterson A w, Utah Miss J Rankin, Martnz
C G Wilcox, Vlsalla Miss M Dillingham, Cal
G J Calkins & w, Mich G W McClaln. Cal
1 Miss J Read. Stockton J D Wadsworth. Visa]
i Mrs S Read, Stockton Mrs T Howard. S Cruz
H E Adams & w. Cal Miss B Slooman. Phlla
C F Gaylor, NY U Bradshaw, Napa
> Mrs S F Ennis, Sacto .E C Cornell, Portland
W C Davis, Tucson J Raggis, Cal
I F W Page, Cal J H Fay & w. Cal
! Miss E Jones, Cal C Aider.. New York
; Miss M Bedford. Cal M Ohl, Arizona
! A II Hart, NY* G B Lardner, Auburn
I L F Doolittle & w. Cal !A L Rice, Riverside
I J McCudden, Vailejo J C McNeil & w. Mich
Miss G C Backess, 111 L R Oliver. Vallejo
' R Barker, Arctic City A Long. Yolo
J Raup A w. Dawson J E Ferguson, Chicago j
; W Emerson & w. Daw- S Dow, Salt Lake
son City C W Taylor, Texas
Mrs J Apple. Dawson J F Hupp, Cal
W S James. Gold Hill E Webb &w, Ohio
Miss S McWhirter. Ten W P Bruner, Portland I
Miss S Scrogglns. Term B Worrel & w, Boston
A 8 Warren Jr. Term J McMillan & w. Mo
Miss I O Droege. Mo !G W Ross Mi
Miss A P Harris. Mo Miss J Ross. Mo
Dr A S McDaniel, Tex Mrs E Ross, Mo
C E Miner, St Louis Mrs N Ross, Mo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P McKean. Nev S de Clairmont, Merced
M McWhorter, Colo G Doyle, Boston
H Hanks, Nevada A Fresbie. Maine
E Hutton, Nevada W J Flypatrick. Ohio
H M Robinson, Oakda! W B Gilbert, Williams
H C Ly.leck & w. Neb J Norman, Williams
M R Sherman, S Cruz W B Coulter, Willows !
J J Shoemaker, Ohio C Mott & w. Stockton
F A Shoemaker, Ohio J Wnlte. Hartford
F M Swanson. Ohio A W Ghroaby, Mich
Miss L Innman. Wis A Carlson, Dawson
Miss J Soberson, Wis J Phillips, Dawson
Miss N Gardiner. Wis C C Crigg, Mass
Miss A Sater, Wis J R Greene. Mass
C W Main & w. Corona Miss G E Morrow. Cal
Miss O Main. Corona Miss M Morrow, Cal
w Melleson, Stockton !
Squirrel Bounty Increased.
SALINAS, July 18.— The Board of Su
pervisors at Hollister has Increased the
bounty on squirrel tails from 2 to 3 cents.
Gopher tails are also included in tho
bounty.
CATHOLICS ARE
FREE IN CHINA
Missionaries to Rank as
Mandarins.
— ♦ —
DECREE OF THE EMPRESS
— —
ANTI-CHRISTIAN RIOTS IN FO
KIEN PROVINCE.
*
Viceroy Liv Has Received Instruc
tions From the Empress to Pre
vent the Landing of Eu
ropean Troops.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. July 18.— The steamship
j Olympia brings news that the Empress
! has issued a decree recognizing the
' Roman' Catholic religion throughout
I China and according an official grade to
all Catholic missionaries, who thus
; rank as mandarins. The French pro
tectorate of Catholics in China Is also
recognized with all its privileges. This
recognition was secured as a result of
strong French demands made following
I the murder of French missionaries in
! Interior provinces. It is hoped that the
| edict will give missionaries greater pro
i tection than they have had heretofore. j
I Anti-Christian riots in Fokien province
have caused all the missionaries to flee
to Foochow. .Seven Chinese Christians
were murdered during the riots.
It was reported that Rev. Mr. Phil
lips, his wife and other English mis
sionaries were murdered, but latest dis
patches announce their arrival at Foo
chow. Much missionary property was
destroyed. The British gunboat -.Iger
ine has arrived at Foochow.
A terrible explosion occurred last
month at the'Hokoku coal mine, Japan,
in which 220 persons were killed. Over
170 bodies have been recovered. A
naked lamp carried into the mine
caused the explosion.
The plague still rages in Formosa.
Up to June 25 there had been 1776
deaths since January 1 in Northern
Formosa.
The Nanking native correspondent of
the Shanghai Daily News reports that
Viceroy Liv, at Nanking, has received
a sensational secret edict from the Em
press Dowager directing him to use
armed forces to prevent the landing of
European troops in the Yang-tse-
Kiang Valley. The edict reads: "In
the event of the landing of armed
forces of European powers within the
jurisdiction of the imperial commis
t slonershlp of Nanyang you are hereby
I granted the liberty to employ armed
| resistance thereto. There will be no
' necessity of waiting for further in
structions from the throne. You will
be held responsible should there be any
failure in obeying these instructions
and It shall be in your dutyto notify our
commands to the various viceroys,
governors and provincial commanders
in-chief of maritime and river prov
inces comprised in your jurisdiction and
to see to it that effective opposition be
given to the foreign aggressors. Lib
erty is also given to you to keep back
taxes destined for the imperial ex
chequer in the event of lack of funds
to prosecute the war. Obey this in *-ar
and trembling."
Viceroy Liu's jurisdiction extends
over all the Yang-tse and maritime
provinces as regards foreign affairs and
military and naval matters. The Japa
nese home minister will shortly issue a
departmental notification relating to
the control of foreign religions. The
propagation of Christianity has here
tofore not been interfered with, and no
■ ' objection has been made to the erec
tion of churches, but the forthcoming ;
j notification will contain a clause re
' quiring that in the future before a
' church is erected the consent of the
I authorities must be obtained. • '
TAPPED A CASH
REGISTER AS A JOKE
Excuse Made by a Suisun Man When
v Caught in the Act by a
Hotel Clerk.
SUISUtNT, July 18.— H. Bryan, pro
prietor of the Arlington Hotel, swore to
a complaint to-day charring Vincent
Bailey, formerly one of the proprietors
of the Louvre restaurant in this place,
with burglary. Mr. Bryan claims that
Bailey took money from his cash register
and has as a witness Leonard Downer,
night clerk in the Arlington Hotel. The
theft was committed at 4 o'clock this
morning. Bailey admitted having taken
some money from the register, but claims
it was done as a joke on Mr. Downer,
who is quite young and a new man in the
place.
Mr. Downer could not see where the
joke came in. He said that the defendant
and James Gray came into the place
shortly after 2 o'clock and for nearly two
hours stood up against the bar drinking.
Finally Gray was seized with a thirst for
Champagne, and there being none in sight
went to the liquor-room with Downer to
get a bottle. He held a lighted candle
while the clerk got the wine, and just as
Downer was about to shut the door he
heard the ring of the bell of the register.
He ran to the barroom, which he reached
in time to see Bailey coming from behind
the bar. Going to the drawer, he found
that money had been taken and imme
diately accused Bailey of taking It. Real
izing that denial was futile, Bailey dis
gorged, at the same time saying it was
only a josh.
When Mr. Bryan arose this morning
the matter was laid before him, with the
result that he swore out the warrant.
Bailey was taken before Justice Hitch
cock "this evening and held to appear be
fore the Superior Court, with bonds fixed
at $500.
ORTMAN IS SUSTAINED.
Gas Company's Franchise Is Assess
able in Stockton.
STOCKTON, July IS. — The County
Board of Equalization sustained Assessor
Ortman's assessment of the franchise of
the Stockton Gas and Electric Company,
the valuation being 1 $98,788. The company
protested against the assessment on the
ground that it's local property had already
been valued at 41000 in the general assess
ment of the company's property at the
head offlces in San Francisco.
District Attorney Ashley, gave an opin
ion at the request of the board holding
that the franchise was assessable where
the company was actually doing business,
and the board upon the reading of the
same denied the petition for the striking
out of the assessment. With this action
of the board all hopes by other corpora
tions of beating Ortman's assessments
end, as the members of the county
board are men who will not recede from
a position once taken. The protests of the
national banks will be disposed of short
ly and it is believed that in every in
stance Ortman will be sustained. If any
cutting is done the responsibility must
rest with the State Board of Equalization.
ANTI-DEBRIS ASSOCIATION
Will Press Suits Against Various
Mining Companies.
SACRAMENTO, July 18.— executive
committee of the Anti-Debris Association
held a meeting- to-day in the Supervisors'
room with Supervisor Jenkins in the
chair. R. T. Devlin, attorney for the as
sociation, reported the status of the suits
brought by the county of Yuba against
the Kate Hayes Mining Company, the
county of Sutter against John Spaulding
and others, and the county of Yuba
against Patrick Calabel and others. Prep
i arations for the prosecution of these
cases were discussed and It was decided
to push them to final issue.
The condition of the hydraulic mines in
the American, Bear, Yuba and Feather
rivers was also discussed. Some mines
have closed down on account of the water
supply and others are still running. The
association announced its intention to
make a thorough investigation of all min
ing territory, for the purpose of closing
down all mines .working injuriously be
fore the close of the next mining season.
PEOPLE FLEE FROM
HUNGRY MOSQUITOES
Insects Cause Inhabitants of a Snake
River Town to Seek Safety in
the Mountains.
BOISE, Idaho, July 18.— According to a
story from American Falls, a Snake River
town, the people there are being driven
from their homes by mosquitoes. Swarms
of the pestiferous insects, rivaling in size
and persistency the product of New Jer
sey, make life there unbearable. People
are leaving for the mountains as fast as
possible in order to escape absolute tor
ture. Sunday an attempt was . made to
hold divine services, but the mosquitoes
broke up the meeting, the preacher and
congregation fleeing from the building
covered with white spots.
It is reported that a babe left alone for
a short time was almost devoured by the
mosquitoes, being so badly poisoned that
it may not live. Drugs have been tried in
vain, and the people have determined to
take to the mountains until the pests
leave. ____________________________________
OIL DEVELOPMENT
A Pipe Line to Be Con
structed to the San
Joaquin.
Colonel A. F. Haraszthy, • who has
been frequently seen in Fresno during
the past few months, arrived in town
again last night. He comes in consulta
tion with Judge Crichton, County Sur
veyor Hoxie, Dr. Maupin, A. C. Vandi
veer, N. P. Justy and others regard
ing the development of oil land. Colonel
Haraszthy was attracted to Fresno
County about four months ago by the
news of the oil strikes in the Panoche
belt. After satisfying himself that the
reports could be verified he engaged the
services of two experts and for the past
three months and a half they have been
pospecting this district. Colonel Har
aszthy immediately started out by
bonding every piece of property that
could be found by slightest indication
to be oil bearing. After some 7000 acres
had been located the colonel and his
associates made a more thorough ex
amination of the various properties
and decided that 2160 acres of the 7000
located were positively oil bearing. The
colonel, together with the above men
tioned gentlemen and a few* others, in
corporated the Union Consolidated Oil
and Transportation Company, with a
capital stock of $1,000,000, with head
quarters in San Francisco.
It is the intention of the company to
begin boring immediately on three dif
ferent pieces of the property. A central
storage tank will be erected and a pipe
line six inches in diameter constructed
from that point to the head of naviga
tion on the San Joaquin River, about
opposite Dos Palos. At the end of the
pipe line large tanks will be erected, a
switch will be run from the Southern
Pacific Railroad to the tanks, and
wharves constructed along the river
bank. The company will thus be en
abled to have either water or rail trans
portation, as the circumstances may re
quire. River boats of light draught
with iron oil tanks will be constructed
and their product hauled by water to
Stockton, Sacramento, Oakland, San
Francisco and San Jose, at which places
their oil wagons will be filled and the
consumer supplied. — Fresno Repub
lican. __^__________ fr
WOODLAND SEWER BONDS.
WOODLAND, July IS.— Eight years ago
Woodland was bonded for the purpose of
constructing a sewer system, water works
and a municipal public building. These
bonds mature in 1911. The City Trustees,
by virtue of a law enacted by the last
Legislature, have made an application for
an extension of time, which will make the
last of the bonds mature in 1951. and the
outlook is fa able that the application
will be granted.
Cotton Industry in Mexico.
CITY OF MEXICO, July IS.— The Mexi
can Government's annual report on the
cotton Industry of this country for the
last fiscal year has just been issued. It
shows that there are twenty-five cotton
mills in Mexico which operate 491, 759
looms and 29 stamping machines, and
employ 23,731 laborers. These factories
consumed over thirty million pounds of
cotton during' the past twelve months.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
; ftiM_. Steamers leave Broadway
jS»N»»w_. wharf. San Francisco:
J KSSP!^. For Alaskan ports, _0 a. m.,
3 EBs^»!W*?_V J»'y 15, 20. 25. !0, August *•
_ fe_&_ E_S_S fwS Chang* at Seattlj.
1 ff_?N__<a3 #1 Fcr Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i _____________d_____rl C). Port Townpend. Seattle,
I r^^*wsSra_l Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
"■"SSEigi and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. July 15, 20, 25. 30,
August 4. and every fifth day thereafter:
! change at Seattle to this company's steamers
! for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., July
13. 18. 23, 2S, August 2. and every fifth day
thereafter. * _
i For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayuco*. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hutneme.
( San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
1 Newport. 9 a. m., July 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Au-
I gust 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford (Pan Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara Port
I Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
I m.. July 13, 17, 21. 25. .9. August 2, and every
! fourth day thereafter. _v •;
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
I Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a, m.. 7th of each
month. '
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). *jj
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Fram Sppnr-!*treet Wharf at !fl a. pi
CADC $12 First Class Including Bert*
rMnl. $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails July 22.
State of California sails July 17, 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Sp-*kane, Butt*,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent. ,
030 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAY, CAPE
NOME, DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamers
BERTHA AND PORTLAND.
Carrying U. S. Mail,
Will leave San Francisco between 15th and
20th of July for above points, making prompt
connections with our river steamers on the
Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further Information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
210 Sansome St.. San Francisco, Cal.
___U______U^l I" il HI lIP The 8 ' S " Australia
_^ f^«3»_Mall3. Falu for Honolulu
fif^af ©X £ M """ ,B Wednesday. July 26,
Jq"\7*LtS« s_ at 2 p.m.
____ _______ ____ Cin^f_f.L'y\ s - s - Moana sails
vla Honolulu and
3tWSS_W QJ^ iUU _ Auckland for Sylr.-v
S*P^ (o«^^; ; August 9 '
Favorite Line Round the World, "via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India, Sues.
England, etc.; $610 flrst class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific bt. Freight Office, 327 Market St
DO. COLLINS WAS
OFFERED A BRIBE
His Testimony at the
Wallace Hearing-.
— —
, IMPLICATES ATTORNEY BORAH
— ♦ — -
PROOF GIVEN THAT CHEYNE
WAS MURDERED.
— —
Four "Witnesses Swear That Corcoran
Was in the Town of Burke on
the Afternoon of the
Wardner Riots.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE. Idaho, July IS.— The attor
j neys for the prosecution announced to
. day at noon that they had finished the
evidence against Corcoran. The- morning
i was devoted to proving the death of
Cheyne, which was testified to by Coroner
| France, who visited the wounded man at
Wardner and went with him to Spokane,
, where an operation was performed and
1 where he afterward died. The bullet had
I penetrated the' abdominal cavity and the
J murdered man had not one chance in
twenty for life after being shot.
"When court convened this afternoon At-
I torney Reddy asked leave to recall one of
I the State's witnesses for further cross
! examination. Permission was granted
| and the defense called Dr. Collins, who
! testified in the early part of the trial that
I he had been compelled to go to Wardner
: by masked men at the point of a rifle,
I who told him his professional services
might be needed.
The prosecution objected when witness
! was asked if he had talkeu with any per-
I son since giving his testimony in regard
i to identifying the defendant.
"What is the purpose of this?" asked
J the court.
"To show an, attempt at bribery.' re
| sponded Mr. Reddy.
The objection was overruled, and wit
j ness testified that the day after being on
I the witness stand he had received a tele
i phone message at his home in Burke in
forming him that Mr. Borah, one of the
State's attorneys, wanted to see him.
Witness came to Wallace and met Mr.
: Borah near the jail.
"Relate the conversation that occurred
; at that time." said Mr. Reddy.
"I was told that if I could or would
! identify- Paul Corcoran as being on that
train they had something better to offer
me than remaining in Burke."
Witness further said that no specific
■ sum was named and that he had declined
any offer or assistance predicated upon
' his identification of defendant and had
* not seen defendant on that day. On ex
; amination by Mr. Borah he .admitted that
he had testified falsely before the Coro
. ner's inquest when he denied having been
' on the train, but said that he had done
so to save his life, as he feared to return
to Burke should he identify any one. Mr.
Borah then took the stand and denied
having made such a proposition to wit
ness.
The defense called P. W. Foy. a resident
of Wardner, who was present when
Cheyne was shot. He contradicted Mrs.
: Sinclair, who said she was assisted in
! carrying Cheyne to a place of safety by
j a man wearing a white mask, whom she
recognized as defendant. Foy swore the
' man who assisted her wore a black mask
I and that it was closely drawn over vis
■ features and held in place by being fas
tened to both his hat and his coat. Three
i ladies living in Burke testified to having
: seen the defendant in Burke between the
I hours of 12 and I o'clock ar.d Matt Bautn
i partner, assayer for the Tiger-Poorman
I Mining Company, saw him about 3 o'cloc*
tin the afternoon. Corcoran could not
i have been at Burke and have gone to
! Wardner at the same time. The defense
I will probably not occupy more than two
i days. , m
TO EXTERMINATE
THE MAYA INDIANS
Mexican Government Has Found the
Tribe Altogether Too Trou
blesome.
TAMPICO, Mexico. July IS.— .The Mcxi
i can Government will soon begin a cam
paign of extermination against the rebel
lious Maya Indians in the State of Yuca
tan.
The Government schoolship Yucatan has
arrived here on its way to New Orleans,
: where it will meet several small gunboats
'■ that were recently purchased by the War
i Department and convoy them to Pro
i gre^o, where they will be manned and
i Start on an- expedition up the Honda and
1 Belize rivers with a view of reaching tne
I heart of the territory of the warring
tribe There is already a large force of
troops massed In Yucatan awaiting the
: co-operation of these river boats in a con
: certed attack on the Indians.
OCEAN VEX.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
gt Paul July 19 St. Paul August 1«
New York.... August _ New' York.... August -3
fit. Louis August 9 St. Louis August 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frleoland .......July 19 1 Westernland ...Aug. 9
Adrla July 26 'Kensington ....Aug. 1*
Southwark ..August 2Noordland Aug. -3
EMPIRE LINE.
' Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For "full Information regarding height and pas-
sage apply to __
INTERNATIONAL NAVI 3ATION COMPANY.
JO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOi»oi™~KAisiil
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., r*>r
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloga), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tr.r
India, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
cf sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIC^.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, y^aa^
bailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <IjLg2;!i
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ~~™\T
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. July 22; LA GAS-
COGNE July 23: LA TOURAINE. August 5:
LA CHAMPAGNE. August 12. LA BRE-
TAGNE. August 19. First-class to Havre. $63
and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. 145, 10 per cent reduction
en round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
VNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway
• Hudson building**. New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. Sar. Francisco
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 8 ' y. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. in.
dally (excepting Sunday). ' '
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD ANO VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. mi. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m . 3
p. "m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main I.iOS.
FARE 50c
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a . Great Restorative. Invlgorator and Ner-
vine. , ___
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Us own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BR ONE. Agents,
, 823 Market street. S. F.— (Bend for Circular.)
1112
CORONER HILL READY
TO EXHUME THE BODY
Says He Will Hold an Autopsy on
Mrs, Looria if Relatives so Desire.
Lays the Matter Before Chief of Police Lees and
Delivers Himself of an Opinion on the
Action of Dr. McMurdo.
CORONER HILL stands ready to
exhume the body of Mrs. Fannie
Looria should any relative of the
dead woman make the demand
that he investigate the ugly ru
mors persistently circulated since her
sudden taking off. . '
The Coroner's first information of the
demise of Mrs. Looria and of the strange
action of Dr. John R. McMurdo in Issu
ing a certificate of the cause of death,
without having so much as seen the body,
was obtained hen he picked up yester
day's Call and read the story of the death
and interment, He at once went to the
records, where he found that no report
of the case had ever been forwarded to
his office. The narrative of the circum
stances attending the decease of Mrs.
Looria made it plain to Dr. Hill that, foul
play or no foul play, the matter was one
for investigation by himself. The fact,
too, that Dr. Margaret Mahoney, acting
as the law prescribes a physician should
act in such case, had written a note
which she instructed should be taken to
the Coroner, strengthened this belief.
Coroner Hill called at once upon Chief
of Police Lees and laid the case before
him. The two agreed that the action of
Dr. McMurdo In th... issuance of the death
certificate had been entirely unauthorized,
and if generally practiced would make
the way easy for crime and almost im
possible" for its detection. The fact, how
ever, that the body was in a cemetery
in San Mateo County and that consider
able expense would have to be incurred
to exhume it, determined the Chief an.l
the Coroner in the conclusion that no
steps should be taken toward disinter
ment, unless some relative should make
the demand.
Coroner Hill, not satisfied with stopping
at this point, determined to call Dr. Mc-
Murdo to task for the part he had taken
in facilitating the burial of Mrs. Looria.
The Coroner decided to write a letter to
the ex-assistant city physician concern
ing the case, inquiring particularly why
Dr. McMurdo had stopped the note to Dr.
Hill written by Dr. Mahoney. The Coro
ner was busy writlfig the letter when seen
by a reporter for The Call.
'-•1 can't understand." he said, "why Dr.
McMurdo should have stopped Dr. Ma
honey's letter before it got to me. He
had no more moral right to do It than
i wouid have to intercept a letter in tn«
United States mails addressed to you. No
more did he have authority to issue the
certificate -of the death ..T Mrs. Looria.
He had not attended the dying woman
and. as I am informed and believe, saw
her neither before nor after death. Un
der the law only he physician in attend
ance, or. failing him, the Coroner, is em- I
powered to sign a death certificate.
"Dr. Mahoney refused, ami properly, \
too, to sign the certificate. She did the
next best thing, however, and wrote a
note to mc. I never got it. It went to
Dr. McMurdo, and so did a fee. Had he i
sent the note to me, as he should have |
done, it is probable he would have lost the I
fee. That may explain why L did not get |
the note.
"This is not the first time the hand of
L>r. McMurdo has meddled with the busi
ness of the Coroner's office. I ha.i occa
sion last March to point this out to his
superior, then City Physician A. P.
O'Brien. At that time 1 wrote: 'It be
comes my duty to notify you that one of
your subordinates. Dr. Murdo, has been :
"for some time signing death certificates in
direct violation of the law you quote. I
must, therefore, ask you to issue an or- |
der forbidding him to do so in future.
* * * X am very sorry td deprive Dr. Mc-
Murd of the fees he was wont to receive
for doing this work, but you will agree
with me that the law Is paramount.'
"Dr. McMurdo does not seem to have ;
been disturbed by this letter— in the Looria
case at any rate — and. although he is no
longer assistant city physician and can- i
not issue such certificates. I propose to ;
let him know that his action, altogether
without warrant of law. may have left
open the way to crime without a chance {
of detection. If any or all of his succes
sors have the power to issue certificates,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Red
Rough
Hands
Made r Soft and White
in a - Single Night by
On retiring, soak the
hands in a strong, hot!
lather of CUTICURAJ
SOAP. Dry thoroughly,
and anoint freely with
CUTICURA, greatest of.
emollient skin cures
Wear during the night
old kid gloves, with the
finger ends cut off and
holes in the palms.
For red, rongh, chapped, or discolored
hands, dry, fissured, itching, feverish
palms, with shapeless nails and painful
finger ends, this treatment is wonderful.
Sold throughout the world. Price, Cuticura
go*?. 26c.; Cuticura Ointment. 60*-. I'ottkr
Paco and Chem. Corp., Sole Propi., Boston.
•• All About the Skin, Scalp, and Hair," free.
I as he has done, there might as well be no
i Coroner's offlce.
"In case 1 am asked to exhume the
body of Mrs. Looria 1 will do it. The un
dertaker informs me that it was not em
• balmed, so that at any time an autopsy
may be held: proofs of poison. If any
Was taken into the woman's system, can
. be found."
It is not likely that any demand will be
made for an autopsy. The only surviving
relatives of the dead woman who made
any objection to the hasty burial of .Mrs.
Looria are the members of the Samuels
family, at 1103 Howard street. As pub
lished in yesterday's Call, Mr. and Mrs.
Samuels both made objection to the in
terment of the aged woman until the
Monday following her demise. They gave
as a reason that the death had been so
■ sudden, although they both have said
since that other and graver suspicions had
been aroused.
These suspicions are not shared by
Abraham Leszynsky. sexton of the syna
gogue at Post and Taylor streets, who
: had charge of the interment.
"The h^sty burial .of Mrs. Looria." he
said yesterday, "was made on my advice.
' She died on a Saturday morning and it
was the intention to bury her on Monday.
Her relatives are orthodox Jews, who will
not allow their dead to be injected with
embalming fluid. The car lines running
to the cemeteries will not take a corps*
two days after death unless the body has
been injected, therefore I suggested that
burial take place one day earlier than in
tended and she was buried on Sunday.
Everything was done in strict compliance
with the law. and I certainly would not
| have countenanced anything unlawful in
the case. The Jewish religion forbids any
post-mortem, and the haste is excusable
on that point."
The Samuels still contend that it had been
the oft-repeated intention of Mrs. Looria
to make some provision In her will for
their son. their impression being that. he
would receive half of the hard-earned
hoard lying at interest in the Hibernia
Bank. The death of Mrs. Looria Intestate
precluding the possibility of the heirship
of young Samuels, it is hardly possible
! that they will take any steps to probe
' into the manner of the death of Mrs.
Looria, particularly when such action
i would do them no good.
With the Samuels practically out of
consideration, the courts will ha\\> to busy
themselves with the question of the dis
tribution of the dead woman's money. On
the face this apears an easy task, but it
may not be. Looria. the surviving hus
band, claims one-half of the money on the
theory that it was community property.
His stepdaughter as strongly maintains
that it was not community- property; that
her mother had more than that when she
married Looria, and that it belongs en
tirely to her and not a cent to the wid
ower.
At present the daughter appears to be
living amicably with the stepfather, and
she says she will continue with him, not
withstanding the proffers of shelter from
benevolent Hebrew women, who have
taken pity on the girl's condition. She is
sickly and undoubtedly not strong in the I
head", still she insists that she alone is en
titled to her mother's money. Looria. ac
cording to the girl's story, told without
any feeling of bitterness toward the step
father, is equally bent on getting half of
it.
"Two weeks after my mother's death."
said the girl. "Looria asked me to go to
a lawyer's with him and sign over half
the money. He said it was his as well as
mv mother's— that he had helped to earn
it.' I told him it wasn't.''
"She came over to my house after her
father had asked her to sign for the
money.'' said Mrs. A. Davis of 186 Ship
ley street, "and told me about it. I said
to her. 'Mary, don't you be in a hurry to
sign your name. Wait till the court set
tles everything; then, if you want to, you
can give him half.' "
"Then I went back to my stepfather."
said the girl, "and told him. I wouldn't
sign." .
Beamish, formerly located at 918-922
Market street, has removed to 209 Mont
gomery street, Russ House block, directly
opposite the entrance to the Mills build
ing. You can find all the latest novelties
in men's furnishing goods at low prices.
Call soon and inspect the stock, which
is entirely new. It will satisfy you. *
VALLEY ROAD PROGRESS.
The Stockton Section to Be in Opera
tion Next January Officers
Elected.
The San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railroad held its annual meeting
yesterday for the purpose of electing its
officers and directors for the ensuing year.
E. P. Ripley, president of the Santa Fe,
was elected to fill the same position in
I the Valley Road Company, <'lavs Spreck
! els retiring from all active and official re
! lation with tne undertaking, of which he
| was the moving power. Tite retirement
docs not mean that Mr. Spreckels has
■ severed all connection with the road. He
i still holds a large bonded interest, his re-
I tirement from the presidency merely
'■ being made for the purpose of obtaining
more time to devote to his other airs.
This was the only change made among the
official heads of the road, Captain A. H.
Payson being re-elected to the position
of "vice president and Alexander Mackie
as secretary.
The board of directors now consists of
the following gentlemen: E, P. Ripley, A.
11. Payson. J. D. Spreckels, W. G. Nevin,
, A. F. Walker. E. N. Gibbs, Victor Maro
; witz. R. S. Hays, S. W. Van Bicklen and
H. C. Bush.
Chief Engineer W. B. Storey presented
his report, dealing with the technicalities
; of the road and the progress made during
i the last year, all of which has been pub
| lished in The Call. The report shows that
i aside from a little more minor work to be
, done on the different tunnels all that re
! mains is the construction of the track on
the seventy-mile from Stockton to Point
; Richmond. This will give the road, its
entire completion to the point where it
connects with the ferry service to this
city. . ,
The new boat beiitg built for that serv
ice will not be completed until some time
i next year; but the mad will doubtless be
! in operation in Its entirety by January I.
and the Ocean Wave, which was brought
down from the north for that purpose,
; will be carrying Into San Francisco pas
sengers from the second transcontinental
; line to the metropolis of the Pacific.
With the approval of President Ripley,
a circular was issued making the agents
: at Oakland, Sacramento, San Jose, Stock
i ton, San Francisco and Fresno joint
I agents of the Santa Fe.
BELVEDERE'S "NIGHT."
Railroads Express a Willingness to
Assist the Fete.'
A meeting of the Corinthian Yacht Club
! and residents of Belvedere and vicinity
took place last night at the clubhouse.
A committee, consisting of J. W. Pew J.
S. Hawkins. T. T. Williams and Hugo
| Kelt, appointed to. confer with the rail
roads regarding arrangementse for the
"Night in Venice" to be held some time
In September, reported that the Southern
Paclflc and North Pacific Coast companies
; had expressed a willingness to assisf the
celebration as far as possible, guarantee
ing a rate that the committee etlmated
would Insure a profit to the fete funds of
$2100. Mr. Stetson of the narrow-gauge
i line running to Sausailto had promised to
rejfly on the subject in forty-eight hours
' and a favorable rate is expected from
him.
The partial report of the committee was
received with satisfaction and the meet
ing adjourned to Wednesday evening
when it is expected Mr. Stetson will have
been heard from definitely.
■ ♦ . — -
Beamlsh's new store, 209 Montgomery
street, Rubs House block, • •
y ■■•:-■'.■ y ;,. • ..' .. --■-..■-■.:'----.--. -^.-.7 -■■-■- ■„• ----- . . . j , -- ■ -...■-;.-. v -.-■■ ..'■.. ._.■-■ . _■■... -. ..--■-■■-■■
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 19. 1899.
MISSION BUTCHER ENJOYS
TAMING FEROCIOUS LIONS
LUDWIG SEELIGER AND HIS UGLY PET.
>-? LUDWIG SEELIGER, proprie
tor of a meat market at 330S
Mission street, ls called the
jl Tamer of the Mission,"
and the title is most worthily
bestowed, for Mr. Seeliger is as much
at home in a cage with a ferocious
cat as when trimming a roast for a
customer. In the rear of his place of
business Mr. Seeliger maintains a
small menagerie, the star of which is
a ten-months-old pure-bred African
lioness, weighing over 200 pounds and
apparently possessed of the temper of
a demon. Mr. Seeliger says in regard
to her vicious looks and treacherous
manner. that "it is only her way", when
in action; but "her way' makes the
flesh of the ordinary spectator creep
with apprehension, while his eyes un
consciously wander toward the back
door of the market, the only conceiv
able avenue of escape from the im
provised den. The "lion tamer" gave
a private exhibition of his power over
the beast yesterday for the benefit of
a reporter and an artist from The Call
and Ben Davis, the ex-Market In
spector.
The lioness occupies a large iron
cage at one side of the yard, and the
moment her visitors appeared she gave
ample evidence that she is not of the
dopy, sleepy kind so often seen at
public "zoos." She opened her huge
mouth and crouched as though about
to leap through the iron; bars, while
she snarled and growled in a threat
ening manner. The three visitors
showed signs of nervousness, but Mr.
THE ROBBERS
CONTINUE TO
EVADE CAPTURE
Mission Detectives at
Work on the Case.
— ♦ —
LITTLE GIRL'S HEROIC ACT
— ♦ —
THEORY THAT THE MAFIA SO
CIETY IS IMPLICATED.
*.
Robbery Was Undoubtedly the Mo
tive That Prompted the Men
to Take Desperate
Chances.
The shooting affray in the grocery store j
of Jo*-. Lercari on San Bruno road, near
Fifteenth avenue south, late Monday
night is still concealed in a fog of mys
tery. The theory of th*- police points to
a personal feud with perhaps a financial
dispute at the back of it.
Lercarl formerly owned the vegetable
gardens on Guerrero, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth streets, and some time
since sold it to Ravegno and Magini. Ler
cari claims that there is due him on the
deal $320 80, but Magini asserts that he
only owes $40. Detectives. Gibson and
Wren have been working on the case and
have gathered some facts from the. Ital
ians in the neighborhood and the general
opinion is that Magini owes the larger
sum. /.. .-.;;':.;*.'
On Monday night Ravegno, who now
lies on a couch in the city and County
Hospital with flesh wounds of no serious
character, telephoned to Dercari'a wife at
the grocery store that he would out
to the place at 8 o'clock, and that they
had better look out for Magini, ,as . he
meant trouble.. Ravegno went out to the
place and was talking with the six other
hangers-on, when the masked men en
tered and began the fusillade. -'..-'-
It is the belief that Magini and Lercari
have been playing . in one another's
hands In regard to the business deal, and
that a hot feud was brewing among all
concerned. When the attempted murder '
took place Lercari was the only cool and
self-possessed man in the place. The two !
masked men who carried the guns walked
away leisurely after the shooting, one sit
ting on the steps of the store and the
other on the fence opposite.
Robbery could hardly have been the mo
tive of the shooting, as there were eight
men in the store at the time when' the
shots were fired. The "Mafia" broke
loose, is what the police think, with a hint
or two of a woman at the bottom of it.
As yet no arrests have been made.
At the time the two bold highwaymen
Invaded the store, and after the despera
does had made known the object of their
visit by ordering all hands up and dis
charging their pistols at the men in the
store, there was one little heroine. Dora
Careghlno, among the crowd who did not
fall on her face, but, on the contrary,
stood her ground and called for the po
lice. This little heroine Is the sister-in
law of Lercari and is only 10 years of age.
She is as pretty and Interesting as she is
brave. She gave a clear account of all
that transpired from the time the robbers
entered until she and her married sister.
Mrs. Lercarl, went out by the side door,
where they .obtained a full view of one
of the men. while he sat on the fence op
posite the house. -. -7
While sitting on the fence the electric
light shone full on the man's face, thus
giving the two ladles opportunity to give a
thorough description of the man to De
tectives Graham and Fitzgerald. The fel
low was about flve feet seven Inches in
Seeliger assured them there was no
danger, and stepping up to the door of
the cage, prepared to undo the fasten
ings. His hand had scarcely touched
the chain than the lioness, with a
blood-curdling growl, threw herself
against the door. The artist bolted
for the only exit, the reporter tried to
climb a ten-foot fence and Davis made
a break for the shed in the rear of
the yard, only to fall- over a big Rus
sian bear which was enjoying a sun
bath. Seeliger finally succeeded In
rounding up his guests and entered the
cage armed with a small whip and a
chair. lie made the beast jump over
both the chair and himself and go
.through various other evolutions, but
she never ceased to snarl and snap
during the performance and several
times made vicious digs at her tor
mentor with her sharp claws. When
Seeliger prepared to leave the cage
her fury redoubled, and as he jumped
through the door. she sprang at him
as though determined to have revenge
for her humiliation; but the door
swung between them and she was
robbed of her prey. Mr. Seeliger again
entered the cage, this time accom
panied by a great mastiff. The
lioness paid no attention to the dog.
but she seemed uglier than ever, and
it was with relief that the visitors
once more, saw the door safely locked
with the trainer on the outside.
"1 could Sit in there and smoke a
cigar, or I could sleep in there with
her and she would not touch me," said
Mr. Seeliger, and while the lioness'
CORA CAREGHINO.
In. the desperate hold-up on the San
Bruno road, when the victims of
the assault were paralyzed with
terror, this little girl heroically
maintained her presence of mind,
contributing to the possible cap
ture of the masked desperadoes.
height, a fair mustache, large bulging
eyes, hair a la pompadour and dressed in
dark clothes. This man had lost his hat
in the tussle, and by that means a full
view of his face was exhibited to Mrs
Lercari and her little sister.
SHIPWRECKED PILOTS
TREATED TO SARCASM
Steamer Newsboy Was Run on a Rock
by Guesswork and Captain and
■ Mate Are on a Vacation.
j Captains Bolles and Bulger, United
States local inspectors of steam vessels,
rendered a decision yesterday suspending
for four months the licenses of Captain
C. Ellefsen. master, and H. Hanson, chief I
mate, of- the coasting steamer Newsboy.
The Newsboy started from San ■'. Fran- I
cisco for a northern port, and was run
upon a rock and damaged to the extent of
1600.
After announcing the written opinion I
Captain Bulger remarked that if masters
of coasting vesels desired to run their
steamers over the country roads In com
petition with automobiles' they should
take out a license for navigating the' land. I
Supervising inspector Bermingham . re
marked that if the careless mariners !
would take half as much pains to .keep |
their vessels from running upon the rocks
as they did to explain how they got there, !
there would be no shipwrecks of coastwise i
vessels. . •■ ■ .-'■ ■• "•-.■
Card of Thanks.
I desire on behalf of myself and family
to convey to the Mayor, munieiual offi
cials, representatives of the regular army
and navy, the California Naval Reserve,
the press and . clergy, sympathizing
friends and the citizens of San Francisco
in general our heartfelt appreciation of
their kind solicitude and sympathy as ex
pressed by the honors shown to the mem
ory of my son. the late Ensign John R.
Monaghan. JAMES MONAGHAN. *
WILL JOIN MILLEB.
Edwin Stevens of the Tivoli Will
Soon Transfer His Affections
to the Columbia.
Edwin Stevens of the Tivoli will join
the Henry Miller Company at the close
of his present engagement. The matter
was quietly arranged between Miller and
Stevens on Monday, and the latter will
leave the Tivoli on the last of this month.
When Miller presents "Hamlet" at the
Columbia Stevens is to play the part of
the King. He is thoroughly familiar with
the part, having played every part in
"Hamlet."
amiability was not appreciated by
those whom he addressed, his assertion
was not disputed. Mr. Seeliger then
put the bear through a few tricks, but
the hairy-coated animal was playful
and harmless compared with his ill
looking neighbor.
Mr. Seeliger is a native of Dresden,
Germany, 39 years old. His parents
died when he was young and he learned
the trade of a butcher. He traveled
with Rentz's Circus, as celebrated in
Europe as is Barnum's In this country,
for two years, and it was during this
time that he acquired a love for fon
dling wild beasts. Twenty years ago
he came to this country and eleven
years ago settled in the Mission, near
Irs present location.
The lioness is a half-sister of Wal
lace, the big African lion at the
Chutes, and was purchased in Omaha
three months ago. Mr. Seeliger has
arranged to exhibit her at the Chutes,
probably next Sunday, but his primary
object in securing her is to go into the
business of raising lions. The bear
was brought from Siberia by a sea
captain friend of his. Mr. Seeliger
raises a bear or two every year for
the market, killing them about Christ
mas time, when there is a big demand
for bear meat. He says he intends to
put the bear in the cage with the
lioness soon and teach them to act
together. Mr. Seeliger is a good-look
ing, good-natured gentleman, as un
like the typical animal trainer as it is
possible to imagine; but there is no
questioning the Quality of his nerve.
DODGE MAKES
MORE CHANGES
IN HIS OFFICE
Five New Deputies
Are Appointed.
VICTIMS FOR THE BASKET
— * —
FAT BILL ALMON AND CHARLIE
FAY GIVEN BERTHS.
♦——
When the Doctor Returns From His
Vacation It Is Expected That
Many Heads Will
Fall.
*
Conditions in Assessor Dodge's office are
sadly disturbed and the fortunate poli
ticians who have been holding down snug
berths in the offlce have been on the
anxious seat for the past week. Several
important changes in the running force
of the Assessor's office t were made yester
day and those who profess to know the
inside of the Assizor's political affairs
are authority for the statement that many
surprising changes will be made as soon
as Dr. Dodge returns from the country,
whither he went yesterday for a two
weeks' hunting trip.
Several heads are slated for the basket,
but just who the unfortunate will be is
not known. Five new deputies were ap
pointed yesterday by Dr. Dodge before he
left the offlce, and, judging from the
political connections of the new ap
pointees who will feed at the public crib
until the end of the next campaign, it
might be said that Dr. Dodge is attempt
ing to pour oil on the troubled waters of
Democracy and recognize certain elements
•of the party that have thus far been
slighted in the distribution of patronage.
John Fitzgerald, who was Sheriff
Whelan's right bower during his incum
bency, has. been employed in Assessor
Dodge's office since Dodge assumed his
official duties, but "Jack," as he is fa
miliarly called in political circles, is now
out of a job, and Phil Fay, a brother of
Charlie Kay. Mayor Phelan's close-up ad
visor, took Fitzgerald's place on the pay
roil. "Bill" Almon, whose political im
portance is due to his strange resemblance
to Sam Rainey and the fact that he is
the lauded leader of affairs political in
the Thirty-fourth District, was given a
snug berth in the offlce. George Van
divier. Charlie Pratt and Al Murphy, well
known pollies, were also appointed.
As soon as Dr. Dodge returns it is ex
pected that more appointments will be
made and the official heads of a corre
sponding number of clerks and deputies
will be decapitated.
WILL PBESENT THE MEDALS.
Mechanics' Institute Will Give Up
the Pavilion to the Native
Sons and Daughters.
At an Informal meeting of the board of
directors of the Mechanics' Institute,
which was held last night, it was decided
that the Mechanics' Institute shall be
turned over to the Native Sons and
Daughters whenever they shall desire for
the presentation of the medals which are
to be given to the First California Regi
ment. Douglass Young, the editor of
Freedom, published at Manila, also ap
peared at the meeting and stated to me
members that he personally knew that the
Filipinos were in favor of making friends
with the people of the United States and
that he thought that a great good could
be accomplished by the fair if the Fili
pino exhibit were given a good show.
,| . «l ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL
SALE
HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS.
Commencing Monday, July 17th, and continuing
the balance of this month, we will have our regular
SEMI-ANNUAL SALE OF FINE HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS.
The goods offered will be HAND and POWER
LOOM TABLE DAMASKS. HEMSTITCHED and
HEMMED HUCKABACK and DAMASK TOWELS,
HEMSTITCHED ! and PLAIN DAMASK NAPKINS,
TURKISH TOWELS, DAMASK DINNER SETS, LUNCH
CLOTHS, RUSSIAN, AUSTRIAN and SCOTCH CRASH,
GLASS LINENS and FINE DOYLIES.
All the above Linens are from the best EUROPEAN
MANUFACTURERS, and will be offered by us at prices lower
than similar goods have ever been sold in this city. *
In connection with this sale of Linens, we will
offer large quantities of FINE LACE CURTAINS and .
WHITE BLANKETS at less than present manufac-
turers' prices.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
BEGINNING IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
■
I STEPHEN CRANE'S Latest and %
% Most Thrilling Serial Story I
I "Active Service" i
* . I
% "The Most Interesting *
* <£■
% " Romance of Modern Days." *
Next Sunday's Call. Next Sunday's Call. 1
MRS. LOUISA KOPP
HELD FOR MANSLAUGHTER
JUDGE CONLAN DECIDES THERE |
WAS NO PREMEDITATION.
The Woman Is in the Last Stages of
Consumption and Had Almost
to Be Carried to and
From Court.
Mrs. Louisa Kopp was yesterday held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan on the charge of man
slaughter for shooting and killing her
husband. Charles Kopp, on June 28 last.
Her bonds were fixed in $1000. .
The Judge in rendering his decision said ;
that both sides agreed upon the facts as
to the shooting, but the question arose
as to whether it was a case of justifiable j
homicide. While morally there was a
great deal of merit in the part enacted
by the defendant, still it had been shown
that her husband came to his death at
her hands throne^, violence and through
the medium of a deadly weapon. The
Judge said that while sympathy was with
the defendant, he would not assume the
responsibility of discharging her. He
could not give way to his feelings, but
had to deal with the facts.
"While I must conclude, continued the 1
Judge "that a crime has been committed,
I do not believe that it is a case of homi- I
cide- and altnough legally there was no
justification for it. there was no premed
itation and it could be nothing more than
manslaughter. I have even grave doubts
as to its being that. If I were a juror
on the case. I could readily realize what
my verdict would be; but as a commit
ting magistrate, I shall hold the defend
ant to answer on the charge of man
slaughter and will fix her hail at the
lowest sum ever set in the courts on such
a charge, viz.. $1000. *'
The defendant had almost to be car
ried to and from the court by Bailiff
Kelly and Officer Bella as she is in the .
last stages of consumption. Her attor
ney. ex-Judge Ferral. will have her out
on* bonds to-day. '■
. ■ m ■
Death of Ralph Gwin.
Ralph Gwin. the 18-year-old son of Wil
liam Gwin. the United States Shipping
Commissioner at this port, died last Mon
day at the family residence, corner of
Franklin street and Broadway, after an
illness of several weeks. After a course
in Trlnitv School in this city he studied
military tactics for a year in the Virginia
Military Institute. About a month ago
he came to this city on his annual vaca
tion The funeral will be held to-day.
A Bold Soy Robber.
Mrs. Frankenau, 2100 Van Ness avenue,
reported to the police yesterday that while
riding on a Kearny-street car on Monday
afternoon a boy jumped on the car be
tween Post and Sutter streets and
snatched her purse, containing from $7 to
$10 -The boy was about 12 years of age
and shabbily dressed in a brown coat,
light trousers and gray hat. Detective
Graham was detailed on the case. .
Rag-Time Hayes and Tamales
At Kapp A Street's Tamaie Grotto nightly. •
ONE WEEK fa _ZT\
FREE '^JL §
Treatment and Medicine g^g
for £ SW^
Catarrh Deafness, iisS 9
NOISES IX THE EARS £ _____/<Uf
AND THROAT DISEASES ->a__3-/ jgL
given to show the superior SsjS/^ 'ga ..
merit of my new invention SiSsiJ/ J!__S____-*
and ANTISEPTIC treatment; §§T »________>
that gives many marvel i; §»\ ,~??§fi8
cures an*i so easy a child H\v 9^^H :
can use it. In 1200 test cases 4.
all CATARRHAL, patients re- g?\ *^^R-<
lieveri and SO <ypr cent Deaf- _-7.'7^ > .v t< §iat^!^;7$ s
ness cured. Best of refer ■-.. fWp^gfy^-^ g
and hundreds of endorsements. But the best is
to try it and be c (need while you can.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-11 A. M.. 1-3 and 7-S P. M.
i LESS DENTISTRY, i
\ \ \ / _./ / PLATES.. §4.OO up 5»
<^ V VT7^Ay^/'/ - F1LL1N38...25C S^
"^J _^fff*^y? ll \^f CROWNS. $3. 60 op J^
<: jgf ■ — yyft ' f% y/~y~, antee for te:; jjg*
; i^>Y<\*"\ years with each 2*
3» 'A i P tJ^ P»inlesj ExtractionlJ^
=^2 *^ specialty. _5"
■tfS Open Evenings and Sundays. 5*
3 VbAbN" VROOM %,
3" ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, J^!
%C 97 MARKET. COR. SIXTH. sp«
i visit DR_ JORDAN'S great j
.MUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
9 S^ l::: ~~~ * £:__::_. S.F.Cd. A
\ Eg The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
ff /»30CJ^ World. VVeaknes-cs cr any contracted m
JL flfefc___K d «ea<.e pe«lti«<-l ? twiJWtte oldest W
9 /£5 SI Speuilistta the Coast. Est. 36 ysir*. Q
i ifj&i OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
k F^S*s^« _ ( °- ,<u,t -'"i' 1 n free and strirtly private \
9 I /irvtil ' " ltnic "t personally or by letter \A
\"Vr\ fl Pomtn * " , " : > every undertaken. " T
m jf* I Iw Writefor Book, PlllLOstimYcf _■
\ J I MAn «> A *=K. MAILED FREB. IA V
A la 11 valuable book for men) \
7 OR JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market st .s. F. 7
M>i<;if,r_i__S
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pans. J. ESP.C ; New York, E. FOC6ERA * CO.
BOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
Wily Call, $1.00 juiSf