VOLUME LXXXTI- NO. 89.
BRITISH WARSHIP
TRAINS HER GUNS
UPON RUSSIANS
Cossacks Forcibly Eject English Workingmen
From Disputed Land at Hankow,
in Cliina.
GUNBOAT DISPERSES ATTACKING PARTY
... T
C^HANGHAI, Aug. 27. As tht outcome of a dispute rcgard
•k3 *w£ the ownership of some lands at Hankow, on the Yangtse-
Kiang, about 700 miles from the sea, which were purchased
in 1863 by the concern of Jar dine, Matheson & Co., but were sub
sequently included in ihe new concessions to Russia, the owners,
under the advice and protection of Mr. Hurst, the British Consul,
sent workmen to fence in the tract.
After the work was begun a dozen Cossacks from thf Russian
consulate appeared on the scene and forcibly ejected the workmen.
The captain of the British second-class gunboat JVoodlark,
especially designed for service on the river, after consulting with
Mr. Hurst, landed a party of bluejackets and moved the JVoodlark
within firing distance of the Russian consulate. For a time a fight
seemed imminent, but nothing further occurred. The bluejackets
arc now guarding the property.
The British third-class gunboat Esk has been dispatched to
Hankow from this port. Great Britain is evidently determined to
uphold British rights.
WILL NOT RESTRICT
TRADE WITH MANILA
Position of the United States Relative
to Status of the Philippines and
Foreign Countries.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— While holding
that the acquisition of the Philippine
irchipelago by the United States abro
gated all treaties between Spain and other
:ountries relating to the islands, the
imhorities propose to place no restriction
is to trade upon the citizens of any other
lountry.
The interview- with E. Spencer Pratt,
Interview with E. Spencer Pratt,
'ormerly Consul General at Singapore, in
egard to the treaties between Spain Ger
many and Great Britain relative to the
sulu archipelago has again called the at
ention of the authorities to these instru
-npnrs_ I*nrier the treat y of liSo. which
BOERS MAY CALL FOR
KRUCER'S RESIGNATION
CALCUTTA, Aug. 27.— The
Government, according to a
Government, according to a
Calcutta newspaper, usual-
Calcutta newspaper, usual-
ly informed, has asked the British
lx informed, has asked the British
India Nazngation Company what
India Navigation Company v
transports will be available for
transports will be available for
Government use in the rccnt of
eminent use in the event of
war in the Transvaal.
war in the Transvaal.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— There ls little
LONDON. Aug. 27.— There is little
fresh news from South Africa, but it is
announced that the Governor of Natal
has refused to allow the transit of
empty cartridge cases intended for the
Transvaal.
The Pretoria correspondent of the
Daily Chronicle declares that President
Kruger's concessions are so far-reach-
ing that it is doubtful whether the
burghers will ratify them. He thinks
it more likely that they will demand
Mr. Kruger's resignation and the ap
pointment of a younger man, probably
Schalk W. Burger, a non-official mem-
ber of the Legislative Council of the
Transvaal.
All the morning papers comment
on the seriousness of the situation as
revealed on Saturday at Birmingham
by the speech of Joseph Chamberlain,
Secretary of State for the Colonies.
The Daily Telegraph calls the speech
"An informal ultimatum."
The Standard says it marks the most
critical stage yet reached.
The Daily News observes: "We can-
not but suppose that such grave words
were well weighed beforehand."
The Times says: "Such a delicate sit-
uation cannot be protracted. We be
lieve that within the last few days the
final arrangements of the general direc
tion of the expedition, which will be
necessary in the event of a rupture,
have been completed at the war office.
It is scarcely necessary to point out
the extreme danger of allowing en
trance into South Africa of arms which
PROMINENT BOER LEADERS OF THE YOUNGER SET.
The San Francisco Call.
Incorporated among its provisions articles
of the protocol of 1577, it was provided
that commerce and direct traffic of ves
sels ■: subjects of Great Britain, Ger
many and other powers with the archi
pelago of Jolo and in all parts tnereof
should be free, together with the right of
fishing. Pending receipt of full informa
tion from Brigadier General Eates, who
recently negotiated the treaty with the
Sultan of the archipelago as to the en
gagements he has made, the authorities
propose to permit matters to continue as
they were under Spanish dominion.
Troops Coming Here
CINCINNATI. Aug. 27.— The Thirty-first
Regiment, United States Volunteer In
fantry, is now en route to San Francisco.
Two sections of troops got off last night
and the remainder got off to-day in two
sections, followed by a baggage train,
making five sections in all. They expect
to arrive at San Francisco by September
I. Only four men were left in the hosDi-
vouid be likely to fall into the hands
>f the black population, exceeding the
vhite fourfold."
♦-
HERBERT SPENCER IS
OPPOSED TO WAR
Shooting Down of Beers Placed in the
Light of Unnecessary-
Murder.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— A Journal ca
ble from London says Herbert Spencer
is known to have views that arestrong
1>- opposed by those of the British Gov
ernment regarding the advisability of a
coercion policy in the Transvaal. Thus
far, however, all efforts that have been
made by his radical friends to place be
fore the public an authorized opinion
on the subject from England's greatest
thinker have been unavailing.
Mr. Spencer can easily plead the
breakdown of his health as a good rea
son for not again entering Into a pub
lic controversy, but his friend and dis
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1899.
CONTINUING
THE POLICY OF
CONCILIATION
*
Otis Still Too Lenient in
Otis Still Too Lenient in
• Dealing With Natives
of Luzon.
SMITH MORE SEVERE
Colonel of the Twelfth Orders That
All Men Who Attempt to Pass
the Lines Be Shot.
— *. —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦••♦'♦'♦"♦'•♦••f-f'f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f'*'
*»- ♦
-t- +
♦ VIENNA, At;*-. 27.— The Poli- ♦
♦ tische Correspondenz says that a . ♦
♦ deputation of Ameri n mer- •*
*♦■ chants from Manila has gone to ■+
+ Washington to promote a scheme ♦
*♦ for ceding the Philippines to ♦
**♦• Creat Britain. ■*■
'" '.+'.:' +
+ + + ++-r ++++++ +++ + +
MANILA. Aug. 22, via Hongkong,
Aug. 27. — Recent events have
proved somewhat discouraging
to officials who are trying to
accompany war with a policy
of conciliation. Two new municipal
governments have collapsed through
the treachery of the Mayors.
To-day the Mayor of San Pedro Ma
. cate, who was. elected by the people
! under the direction of Professor Dean
Worcester of the united States Advis
ory Commission of the Philippines, was
brought to Manila and lodged in jail.
The United States officers at San Pe
dro Macate found that he was using his
office as a recruiting station for the
Philippine army. Four disguised in
surgent officers were helping him. The
Mayor of Baliuag was also arrested
and confined in the same prison. The
Americans caught him passing between
the line of the two armies with incrim
inating documents, which the authori
ties secured. Another prominent na
tive Mayor is under surveillance.
When the result of the election at
Imus, which General Lawton and Pro
fessor Worcester engineered, was
announced the Americans inquired
as to the whereabouts of the
people's choice and were in-
ciple, Aubron Herbert, who is versed
in the mind and beliefs of the master,
has spoken out regarding the question
In a letter issued to-day. He writes
quite in the vein of an American anti
imperialist, and says:
"We have come to this point that
the Government is looked on as the
owner of everything in a country, in
cluding the minds and consciences,
bodies and material possessions, and
with almost Eastern resignation we al
low it, unchallenged and unquestioned,
to do what it likes with us.
"Suppose the Government succeeds in
committing us to this war. Then when
we are engaged in shooting down a race
who have many real virtues, and whose
faults are chiefly the old-time faults
of narrowness, prejudice and that be
lief in privilege which has existed
everywhere in every nation from the
days of 'the Greeks, who rested their;
republic on slavery, up to our own day;
suppose it should gradually dawn upon
us that the shooting down of these men
was a bit of unnecessary murder, just
one more blood-stained blunder in the
game which our restless and unscrup
ulous politicians play?"
ARREST OF GENERAL
MERCIER EXPECTED
DREYFUS' FOE
HAS NOT FLED
FROM RENNES
Rumor That the Government
Has Decided to Take Him
Into Custody.
DE CLAM IX DANGER
— —
Believed to Have Given to a News-
paper a document of the
Secret Dossier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
—
/p EN NES, Aug. 28—Gen-
Jf\ eral Mercier was present
as usual in the front row of
witnesses' seats when the fourth
week of the court-martial trial of
Captain Dreyfus was begun this
morning. M. Ja fay-Laval, the
draughtsman whose testimony was
begun Saturday, continued with
the aid of a blackboard his refuta
tion of the argument of M. Ber
tillon.
RENNES. Aug. 27.— The Government
has decided to prosecute the Eclaire for
the publication of the •"Canaille de
D " documents, one of the docu
ments secretly communicated to the
Dreyfus court-martial of 1894. and whiph
has been shown not to refer to Captain
Dreyfus at all. The object of the Gov
ernment is to discover who communi
cated it to Eclaire. The assumption
is that the communication was made by
Colonel Dv Paty de Clam, or possibly
by General Gonse. The publication oc
jarred three years >, but under the
aw prosecution may be maintained at
any time during the following five
years. ', , . - --..
The Government has issued orders
for the prosecution of a contributor to
the Eclaire and M. Hassard, director of
the Patrie. The former will be charged
with having printed a perversion of the
"Canaille de D " document as "that
beast of a Dreyfus is really becoming
too exacting."
A semi-official note issued this even
ing ' makes the following announce
ment:
"The statistical section of the general
staff bureau at the war office no longer
concerns itself with espionage ques
tions, which are now properly confined
to the detective service. The statistical
section is especially concerned with the
relations of the war office to French
military attaches abroad."
This evening it was rumored that the
Government has decided to arrest Gen
eral Mercier, but the rumor is not con
firmed.
Last evening a report was in circula-
I formed that he was in prison at Bill- I
bid, where the authorities had placed
him on suspicion cf being a revolution-
ist. He was released and installed as i
Mayor.
Such events and conditions tend to
give color to the assertions of foreign
residents acquainted with the native
character, .who insist that a great ma
jority of the natives sympathize with
the insurgents and elect officials whom
they know to be revolutionists.
For two weeks Manila has been po
liced at night with unusual vigilance.
Apparently the authorities are expect
inl, trouble.
The trend of affairs tends to make the
policy of leniency unpopular among the
Americans. When the Filipinos aban
doned Morong they burned the whole
town. Colonel Smith of the Twelfth In
fantry, who is in command at Angeles, I
is skeptical regarding Filipino friend- j
ship. Instead of allowing the natives
to return to the town as heretofore, he |
has ordered his troops to shoot all men ■
trying to pass the lines and to turn
back the women and children. He re- •
cently gave the amigos in the town an
opportunity to prove their professed '
friendship, putting them at. work dig
ging trenches and cleaning streets, but ;
this only displeased them.
The foremost citizen- of Angeles, a :
lawyer who had welcomed the Ameri
cans with a great show of cordiality,
was found communicating with the in
surgents. The Americans promptly
marched him off to San Fernando to
stand trial.
THORITE TO BE USED
AGAINST FILIPINOS
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— 50 satisfac
tory have been the results of experi
ments made with thorite, the new high
explosive, that it will be recommended
by the Board of Ordnance and Fortifica
tions for use in the Philippine campaign.
General Miles told me this afternoon it
probably would be so employed.
Being president of the board, the gen
eral has paid close attention to high ex
plosives and has given especial considera
tion to thorite. Up to this time it; has
successfully undergone the various trials
to which it has been subjected. It will
explode according to official reports, only
by means of a detonator, and then only
when confined. A quantity of thorite can
be distributed on a hard surface and
struck with a hammer and will not ex
plode It is not inflammable. If placed
upon a hot surface it will merely burn
into a crisp. A red-hot poker placed in
the "explosive will only burn the grains
with which it comes into contact and
the fire will not spread to the rest of the
substance. Two 10-inch shells _ loaded
with the explosive were fired . through a
5-inch plate and failed to explode.
When discharged by means of a de
GUARDING THE HOME OF MME. DREYFUS.
rious kinds of secret service agents are constantly stationed around the dwelling to prevent violence being done to
the wife ofthe prisoner.
tion that General Mercier ha" fled to j
the Island of Jersey, but this story ;
proved to be without foundation. Early
this morning the gendarmes were still
posted outside of the residence of Gen
eral St. Germain, military commander
of this district, "with whom General
Mercier has been staying during the
trial. Their presence indicated that he
was still there, and in reply to ques
tions they declare that they had not
seen him leave the grounds.
This afternoon he was undoubtedly
at home, although he declined to re
ceive callers. No one who has studied
his character and methods believes that
General Mercier would flee at the pros
pect of arrest. He has altogether too
much doggedness in his composition.'
General St. Germain's house is in one
of the suburbs of Rennes.
SHOWS THE FALLACIES
OF BERTILLON'S SYSTEM
NEW TORK. Aug. 27.— World cable
from Rennes says: The World corres
; pondent was Invited this afternoon to at
i tend a private refutation of M. Bertillon's
i system, by which he claims to identify
t tonator the explosive is of the first
' order, breaking the steel walls of the
shell into small particles.
All of these advantages have caused
j the board to regard thorite with con
l siderable interest. When Secretary Root
visits the Sandy Hook proving grounds
[on Thursday he may witness another
trial of the explosive.
The great value of a high explosive
; which may be safely fired from high-
power guns has long been appreciated
by military- men. The twelve dynamite
guns which will be shipped this week to
Manila are excellent in their way, but
it is believed that, working in conjunc
tion with high-power guns throwing
thorite, the moral effect, not to mention
the death and destruction they will deal,
will have a salutary effect upon the Fili
j pinos.
OTIS IS MERCIFUL
TO CONDEMNED MEN
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— A report just
received by, the War Department from
General Otis gives details of the court-
martial proceedings In a number of
cases.
In one case three officers of the Span-
ish army in charge of the Presidio of Ma
nila were used of embezzling large
amounts. The commandant. of the Presi
| dio, Carlos Aymerich, was acquitted, but
Captain Zorita was found guilty of em
bezzling J10.54S and Adjutant Ruiz was
found guilty of embezzling a like
amount. They were sentenced to con-
finement at hard labor for three years,
but General Otis reduced the sentence to
six months, owing to the confinement
they had already served. one of the
Spanish prisoners of war, Rafael Albert,
was convicted of having brutally mur
dered another soldier and was sentenced
to be hanged. The sentence was disap
proved on technical grounds and the
Spanish soldier continues to be held a
prisoner of war. . •. v
One of the court-martial cases gives
the acquittal of* an American volunteer
officer and several soldiers on the charge
of having looted a house at Hollo and
taking furniture and crockery, silver
ware, jewelry, etc., at the time of the
occupation or the city. In another case
a Filipino native was found guilty of kill-
ing a Chinese and sentenced to be
hanged, but General Otis disapproved the
finding.
General Otis in general order No. 9 di-
rects that the troops give particular at-
tention to furnishing full protection to
the lives and property of all German in-
habitants of the islands. As the Consul
of Germany is looking to the security of
the Swiss, Austrian, Italian and Portu-
fuese residents, Injunction was given to
urnish similar protection to these peo
ple. *
- General Otis' desire to prevent disorder
within Manila is shown by frequent
orders. In one order the troops are
warned against the seizing of horses, car-
riages or other property. The burning of
houses is 1 strictly prohibited, unless the
same are used, to shelter the enemy or as
places <of r concealment for contraband of
war. General Otis states "the lives of the
inhabitants, natives and foreigners, will
be protected and they will be permitted
to pursue their ordinary" vocations with
out molestation or harm."
• ■■•*'.-. "-. :■*':- ■■-■"*.■.•-;■•■-■;:■.- .22y : , .. . • .-. -.._■
any handwriting: with mathematical cer
tainty, and by which he proved to his own
intense satisfaction that Dreyfus wrote
the bordereau.
Th" man to demonstrate Bertillon's
scientific imbecility was M. Bernard, in
vited to Rennes by Maitre Demange, who
has long b«en acquainted with *M. Ber
nard's brilliant faculty for mathematical
analysis, that will add immensely to the
effect of his. work. His demonstration this
afternoon astonished all present. By very
simple means he showed exactly and thor
oughly lust where lie the fundamental er
rors of M. Bertillon's system.
Moreover, M. Bernard exposed the fact
that all of M. Bertillon's measures ap
plied to the bordereau have* been falsified.
all his calculations misinterpreted, all his
plates and photographic enlargements
slightly doctored in order that they may
fit certain arbitrary rules.
Nothing but the very fullest report can
give an idea of how thoroughly M. Ber
nard smashes M. Bertillon, Unless Gen
eral Mercier's arrest should come like a
thunderbolt to him, M. Bertillon will
surely fight with the fury of a maniac for
his hobby.
The duel between M. Bernard and M.
Bertillon will be the feature of the trial
to-morrow, and from what I have seen
to-day the chances ar*? that the sitting
will be gay.*&|Sßßl
DREYFUS PROSECUTION'S
WEAKNESS EXPOSED
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— A Journal cable
CHILDREN PERISH IN
A BURNING CONVENT
Many Lives Known to Have Been Lost
During a Conflagration That Razed St.
Anne's at Sparkill, N. Y.
SPABKILL, N. V., Aug. 28.— this morning destroyed St.
Anne's Convent here, and it is reported that many children have
been burned to death. There were upward of 500 occupants in
the building when the fire broke out.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2S. — A special to the "World from Nyack says: Fire
was discovered in the large boys' and girls* orphan asylum connected with
St. Ann's Convent at Sparkill, Orange County, at 1 a. m. to-day (Mon
day), but not before the entire structure, a frame building, was wrapped
in flames. Many of the inmates (children) were burned or suffocated, it
was reported early this mor: The exact number of the dead could not
be told at 3:15 a. m., when the first dispatches reached this city.
George A. Martine of Sparkill, one of those who first discovered' the
fire, telephoned to Nyack for assistance. Mazeppa engine company respond
ed from that place. Eight doctors went to the asylum from Nyack.
A request for aid was telephoned to Piedmont. Empire Engine Com
pany was dispatched from Piedmont to the scene of the fire. Piedmont is this
side of Nyack and both engines with their complements of fire-fighters ar
rived at about the same time.
The asylum, which is conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, held about 1000
children. It was a long frame building, three stories high. The flames were
not discovered until the whole building was one mass of fire. The children
had a scant chance for escape.
The secens at the conflagration were heartrending. The children, clad in
their night robes, could be seen falling backward into the furnace of flame
and smoke, while the shrieks of the dying could be heard above the crackle
of the devouring flames. Some of the children were crippled for life by
Jumping from the windows. Many of the Sisters were injured, while others
lost their lives heroically while trying to rescue their charges.
Although the service of the fire apparatus from neighboring places had
been promptly rendered, the engines arrived too late to be effective in sav
ing life or property. The fire started oh the upper floor of the three-story
building. Nearly 300 of the occupants of the convent occupied rooms on this
floor and all the dormitories were lighted with kerosene lamps. There is
little doubt that the fire was caused by the explosion of one of these lamps.
The fire spread rapidly upward and burned through the shingle roof of the
building in two places.
At the time of discovery the fire had made such progress that the Sis
ters could not -awaken the hundreds of children under their care, mar
shal them in order and march them from the building, .as was their practice
in the fire drills. Many of the little victims were suffocated in their sleep.
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
FOOD FOR GUERIN.
PARIS. Aug. 27.— The anti-
Semites assert they are convey
ing food supplies by an under
ground passage to Jules Guerin
and his beleaguered companions
in the Rue Chambrol. To-day a
man was arrested for attacking
the Republican Guards stationed
in that thoroughfare. The troops
on the cordons have been in
creased, but otherwise there has
been no change in the situation
since yesterday.
from Paris says: Albert Clemenceau.
lawyer, politician, writer and brother of
Georges Clemenceau, said to-day:
"Thus far the trial has been used as a
vehicle for personal justifications. Ob
viously most of thg_ witnesses- -felt the
necessity of justifying themselves before
the public, and frequently in a vain effort
to do this have lost sight of the main
issue. /-.'.'■
"Ip to the present the obvious Scotch
verdict 'not proven' applies to the case.
The only result thus far is to show the
weakness of the prosecution and perhaps
settle both parties more violently in their
respective attitudes.
"The court, being composed of laymen.
approaches the case In a different mental
state from lawyers. Laymen admit senti
ment to cases. Lawyers invariably ward
off all that is immaterial to the question
at issue. If this principle were applied
to the evidence adduced at Rennes a
microscope would be needed to find what
remains.
"If Dreyfus be fairly tried by the exist
ing legal machinery the trial should
satisfy all. Dreyfus is legally Innocent
until legally proven guilty. Thus far there
is no such proof. Should he be recon
demned the Court of Cassation can again
review the law of the case and decide if
there has been any legal Informality in
the trial." __^___^^^___
Sewer Contract Let
WATSONVILLE, Aug. 27.— The con
tract for the construction of the Watson
ville sewer was awarded last evening to
Besler & Co., for $12,379.2
DOES AWAY WITH
RAIL DISASTERS
AutomaticSignalson the
Pennsylvania.
NEW SYSTEM READY FOR USE
SHOWS WHEN THE TRACK IS
CLEAR,
Elaborate Electrical Apparatus, the
Height of Human Ingenuity, to
Height of Human Ingenuity, to
Insure the Safety of
Insure the Safety of
Passeng.rs.
Passengrs.
— —
Ppecial Dispatch to Th. Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— 0n the New
YOrk division of the Pennsylvania Rail
road the automatic block signaling sys
tem was completed to-day by placing In
service the lp.st connecting link between
New Brunswick and Monmouth Junction.
N. J. Mechanics had been busily engaged
for months extending it. until the entire
New York division is now equipped.
The signal system is electric in its oper
ation, the current being supplied from
storage batteries placed at Intervals along
•the track and carried by means of the
rails. At intervals of a quarter of a mile
the tracks are spanned by a light frame
work, on which the signals are placed.
These consist of the usual semaphore sig
nals for daytime and lanterns for the
night. The signals are exactly like the
band-signaling system, the upper signal
being red and the one beneath it green.
When the blocks which they protect are
clear the arms are lowered, and at night
display a white light. As soon as a train
passes the signal bridge It completes an
electrical circuit, which operates the
mechanism so that signals are displayed
at .'.anger. When the first train passes
the next succeeding block the same
mechanism drops the first blade, mdi
eating that the block from which it has
just passed is clear. Tin- lower signal
standing indicates that the train is still
it*, the next block beyond. When the train
has left that block a gre-n arm is dropped,
and the engine driver of the next train
knows from the position of the semaphore ;
signals that there is nothing in the next
two blocks. The only danger is that the
system may get out of order, but every
precaution is taken to prevent this. When
out of •irvlr-r the signals display the red or
danger sign. At junction points the auto
matic. system is supplemented by hand
signaling. The new system does away
with many telegraph operators, and It Is j
contended that it Insures greater safety.
GRADERS UNCOVER A
RICH COPPER LEDGE
Lies Along the Canadian Pacific in
British Columbia and Assays
Very High.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 27.- While grad
ing the Canadian Pacific extensions in
British Columbia contractors McKensie
and Mann have uncovered three great
ledges of ore running high in copper, gold
and silver. While thoy are making gopd
profits on the railroad contract, present
indications are thai these mineral dis
coveries will pay them far better. A min
ing expert who has just come from British
Columbia says that one ledge alone will
make them millionaires.
This ledge was found near Cascade, a
new town on the Columbia and Western
Railroad which the Canadian Pacific Is
building from Rossland into the Boundary
Creek district Outcroppings were dis
covered some time ago. but it was only
ten days ago that the ledge itself was un
covered by the graders. It has not been
thoroughly explored. but has been
stripped sufficiently to show that it ex
ceeds 50 feet in width. Assays from near
the surface give values of $40 to $50 per
ton, making it practically certain that an
other Leroi or Republic mini has been
discovered. McKenzl and Mann tiled on
the property and will soon begin develop
ment. They have declined a large sum for
it. Two smaller ledges have been uncov
ered by their grading crews, both giving
promise of making good mines.
CANADIAN VESSEL IS
BURNED AT SEA
Thrilling Scenes Attendant Upon tho
Accidental Destruction of the
Sir S. H. Tilley.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 27.— The steamer J
which burned off Fairport last night was
the Sir S. H. Tllley, a Canadian vessel of j
750 net tons. The fire started in the en- j
gine room, and it spread so rapidly that
the engineer did not have time to shut off
the steam, and the crew and passengers, j
about twenty In number, had difficulty in
escaping. • ....,
All the members of the crew save two'
men and three women pasengers
and the cook wero placed in the
lifeboats and rowed to tho steam
er's consirt Two members of the I
crew remained on board the burning "yes- j
sel, and after lashing the wheel they es- ['
caped, one of them on a hatch cover and
the other with a life-preserver. They
•were both picked up. • The wheel being
lashed, the steamer continued to run in a
circle for about an hour, wflen the ma
chinery stopped. The fire continued burn- :
ing until early in -the morning, the tugs ;
and life-saving crew remaiing In the vi
cinity. "'he wreck was finally towed to
Fairport harbor. The Tilley la almost a.
complete loss. She was valued at $60,000.
She carried no cargo.
WILLIAM BRYAN TO
VISIT CALIFORNIA
Famous Champion of Free Silver Will
Spend a Month in the Yo-'
Semite Valley.
DENVER, Aug. 27. -Hon. William Jen
nings Bryan of Nebraska arrive,] in Den
ver at 4 o'clock this morning from the
East, and left at G o'clock, over the **,,
rado and Southern road, for Pine Grove
up Platte Canyon. Mrs. Bryan and family
have been at Pine Grove tor a week or
more. To-night they all returned to Den
ver and dined at the executive mansion
wfth Governor Thomas.
To-morrow morning Mr. and Mrs.
Bryan and the children will leave over the
Rio Grande for . California, where a
month's stay will be made in the Yosem
ite Valley..'
BUY REDWOOD FORESTS.
West Virginia Capitalists Invest in
California Property.
California Property. • i
WHEELING. W. Va.. Aug. 27,— A party
of "Wheeling .people, composed of v.. M.
Holliday. Thomas Halts, VV. A. Wilson,
D. C. and H. K. List, have organized the
Virginia Timber and Lumber Company
and will develop an immense tract of red
wood forest In California. Not long since
the company purchased a block of forest
containing at least 100.000,000 feel of prime
timber lying within thirty-three miles of
San Francisco. They have subscribed
$200,000 to begin operations. Several mills
will be constructed at once in different
part of the tract.
Pears'
Pears' soap is noth-
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living
skin.
ORIENTAL ALLIANCE
OPPOSED BY RUSSIA
Chinese Government Warned by St, Pc-
tersburg Not to Conclude the
Entente With Japan.
*9 VICTORIA. B. Ci Aug. 27.— The steamship Tacoma from the Orient #
♦ brings news that M de Giers. Russian Minister at Peking, has addressed £
$? a note to the Chinese Government warning the latter that the proposed V
O alliance with Japan would give great offense to Russia, and that the Q
± consequence would be most serious. And, as though to emphasize this >
i objection, the Government of the Czar has suspended negotiations With _£
O China upon the demand for; a .concession for the construction of the £)
X Peking Railway. At the same time to' further add to poor China's per- ±
" plexities the Italian Minister has informed the Tsungli Tamen that V
q Italy will renew her former demand. " . §
-♦- Details are not given, but it -is understood that Italy insists upon the x
O opening of Shanmun Bay to foreign trade, and the concession of mining "
X and railway rights. Slip will be satisfied if China grants these demands. ©
+ In furtherance of tlie bid for closer relations with Japan, it is an- *♦
O nounced that a special Chinese mission was sent recently to Tokio. with O
X autograph letters from the impress Dowager to the Emperor of Japan, Z.
X and that in connection with this a Japanese admiral has gone up the +
9 river to communicate with the two Yangtze Viceroys, Liv Kun-Yi and 6
© Chang Chih-Tung. The reputed object of the Japanese admiral's visit X
to Nanking is to arrange for the return of the Chinese ships captured +.
C by the Japanese In the late war. O
©♦©♦cno ♦ c ♦ o^o+ofc+o+qf c+o+ o+o+o ♦ o + ok>khoiokh<ho>«
FIRE IN STANDARD
OIL REFINERIES
■ — ♦ —
Explosion Accompanies
the Blaze.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Fire occurred at
1 the Standard Oil Refineries at Whiting
to-night, caused by a leak in one of the
stills. A few minutes after the fire broke
out there was a terrific explosion and
! the flames spread rapidly to the two
! immense tanks, containing 2200 barrels
of partially refined oil. At the present
; time it looks as though the eight re-
maining will .be consumed. The loss
so far is estimated at $100,000.
Steven Wilkens, a fireman; Harry
! Bonney engineer at the works, and
Jesse Cunningham, a stillman, were se-
I riously burned by blazing oil. .
HANDSOME REVENUE
OBTAINED FROM CUBA
Statement Issued Showing the Money
. That Has Been .Dsrived From
Our New Possessions.
Our New Possessions.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— The War De
partment gave out to-day for publication
an interesting statement of the financial
condition of the- island of Cuba. It shows
that under the management of the United
States Government the receipts of the
island from January 1, 1599, to June 30 of
the current year, exceed the expendi
tures by the very handsome sum of $1,
- This statement Will probably be a
surprise to many persons who had
| thought that Cuba, under the military
j occupation of the United States, was not
i self-sustaining. During the period
named, the receipts from -all sources
! were 982,010; disbursements. 55.501,988.
Of the money disbursed $1,712,014 was ex-
pended in sanitations; $505,263 in the erec
tion and improvement of barracks and
quarters; $443,563 in the establishment,
etc.. of the rural guards and administra
tion; $250,674 in public works, harbors and
forts; $293,881 in charities and hospitals;
$242,116 for civil government; $723,281 on
municipalities; $88,944 in aid to the desti
tute; $42,205 in quarantine matters; total,
$4,448,924.
The statement for July shows that the
customs collections In the entire Island
for July alone were $1,201,537; Internal
revenue collections, $56,351; postal collec
tions. $15,000; miscellaneous collections,
$65,435. Grand total of receipts for the
month, $1,339,324; disbursements, $1,029,
--887.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— The state
ment of the receipts of the Philippine
Islands from the date of occupation by
the United States Government to July 31
last, shows that the total receipts from
all sources for the period named was
$5,249,411. The receipts from all sources
by ports for the above named period are:
Manila, $3,843,244; Hollo, $265,360; Cebu,
$156,136.
DEWEY'S SUGGESTIONS
TO PARADE COMMITTEE
IWould Be Gratified, He Says, if the
I Olympia's Battalion Leads
I the March. «
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— The executive
committee of the Dewey reception com
; mittee has received two letters from Ad
! miral Dewey. In the first, dated Leg
i horn, August 16, he says:
j "I shall without fail reach the Lower
Bay on Friday. September 29, and shall
anchor there for the night to be ready
for the official arrival and naval parade
on the 'following morning. Saturday, the
80tH. While I should be gratified to meet
any of my friends in the navy and
especially the commanding officers of the
ships engaged at Manila May 1, 1898, I feel
that this matter of invitation should be
left entirely with the committee. I would
i suggest that at the end of the display of
! fireworks off the Battery the oivmpia
should return to North River and an-
chor off Twenty-sixth street. While your
letter seems to indicate that the bat-
talion Of the Olympia would lead In the
land parade, still lam In doubt. It would
be a gratification to me and the officers
and men of the Olympia should the
Olympia's battalion of about 250 men be
placed at the head of the -column. In
reference to the smoker it 1% proposed
to give for the men, that is a matter
that comes within the province of the
captain of the ship, but I have little
doubt that he would be pleased to accept
1 foi* them. I am much pleased for various
; reasons for eliminating a dinner from the
: programme, and thank yourself and the
' committee for the careful arrangements
made to spare me any unnecessary fa-
tigue."
In the second letter, written from Na
i pies, August 17, thq admiral asks that a
' "good large military band" be detailed
to lead the Olympia's battalion at the
j head of the land parade, tim Olympia's
small band being hardly equal to the oc
! casion.
Admiral Dewey has been notified that
■ all his requests will he carried out.
WAREHOUSES AND CARS
AT ARMONA DESTROYED
Property' Valued at Thirty Thousand
Dollars Goes Up in \ .
Smoke.
HANFORD, Aug. 27.— new packing
house of Charles Downing at Armona was
burned to the ground at 1 o'clock this
morning. The loss is $13,000. insurance'
$9000. The fire originated in Nathan Broth
ers* warehouse, north of Downing's,
which, was totally, destroyed. The build
ing and contents were valued at $5000.
Four cars of raisins belonging to the
California Raisin Association and four re
frigerator cars on the Southern Pacific
track were also burned. The total loss is
$30,000. The origin of the fire is unknown.
Fire at Porterville.
FRESNO. Aug. 27.-Firolast night at
Porterville totally destroyed the Barrett
Block, which is occupied by the Porter
ville Enterprise and several merchandise
firms. The loss Is $25,000, partially covered
by Insurance. .'-.• -.:- *
THE PAN FEAXCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1899.
CONFERENCE ON
TRUSTS CALLED
Twenty-One States Send
Delegates.
— *» — - < ;
Special Di.patch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Governors
of twenty-one States are announced as
having appointed delegates to attend tne
conference on trusts by. the Civic Federa
tion of Chicago and called to meet in
that city September 13-16. The call states
the object to be purely educational and
strictly, non-partisan, the committee on
arrangements being composed of men of
different political faiths and representing
all sides Of the problem to be discussed.
The subject for discussion is trusts and
combinations, their uses and abuses; rail
way, labor, industrial and commercial. It
Is stated by the promoters that fhe
United States Inuustrial Commission has
arranged to attend the convention in a
body, and that the Interstate Commerce
Commission has also accepted and will
participate in the conference. Some of
the States named as having- appointed
delegations an., the names of chairmen
j thereof are here given:
New York, Chauncey M. Depew; Ne
[ braska, Edward Rose water; Montana,
Martin Maginnis: * Kentucky, W. C. P.
j Breckinridge; Wisconsin, John C.
Spooner; Missour.. v. M. Cockrell; Mich
igan, Russell A. Alger; Colorado.- Thomas
M. Patterson; Wyoming. F. W. Men
dell; Oregon, ..,.. C. George: Arizona. M.
J. Egan; Ohio, John Sherman.
The Governors of thirten Stales, in-
I eluding Colorado and Arizona, have ac
cepted. Acceptances have also been re-
I ceived from the Attorney Generals of
seventeen States and the Labor Commis
sioners of five States. pelt-grates are
; being named by boards of trade, cham
bers of commerce, national labor and
, agricultural bodies, the National Bar As
sociation, the National Bankers' Associa
tion, the National Underwriters' Associa
tion, the American Economic Association,
the American Social Science Association
and the American Academy of Political ,
and Social Science. The leading colleges
' of the country will be represented by pro- i
I fessors of political economy.
SERGEANT CRAWFORD
CAPTURED IN MONTANA
No Trace of the Men He Let Out of
Wardner Jail Has Yet Been.
Found.
covered.
WALLACE, Idaho, Aug. 27.— Sergeant
Crawford of Company L, First Cavalry,
who escaped after letting the eight men
out of the prison at Wardner Friday
night, was arrested at Missoula, Mont.,
by the Sheriff of Missoula. County. He
was dressed in citizen's clothes. -A detach
ment* of soldiers was sent from here this
morning to bring him back.
No trace of tne escaped prisoners has
yet been found. It is believed they are
hiding in the mountains, as it would be
exceedingly hazardous for them to try to
get out of the country, and the Sheriff,
with several deputies, has squade of men
out in every direction searching for them.
ISAAC J. HARVEY DEAD.
Old Citizen of Monterey County and
Former Mayor of Salinas.
SALINAS, Aug. 27.— Isaac J. Harvey,
a prominent citizen of Salinas, died sud
denly to-day of apoplexy. Deceased was
a native of Indiana. He came to Califor
nia In 1851 and to Monterey County in 1818,
at once taking an active part in politics.
He was Mayor of Salinas in 1875. At the
time of his death he was 83 years old and
quite wealthy. He leaves three married
daughters, all In good circumstances. De-
ceased will be buried on Tuesday after
| noon by Alisal Lodge. Independent Order
I of Odd Fellows, of which he was a char
ter member.
♦
LOST PROPELLER BLADE.
I Accident to the Gunboat Wilmington
Not Very Serious.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27. -A dispatch
! received by the Navy Department from
the commander of the Wilmington at
1 Montevideo states that she has lost a
i flange of one propeller. It does not state
I bow serious the damage may be or
J whether any delay will be occasioned.
I The officials here say, however, that the
j remaining propeller and the crippled one
will give her ample power to proceed in
case it is not convenient to dock her at
Montevideo. The ship has been up the
Amazon.
Admiral Dewey at Nice.
NICE, Aug. 27.— Admiral Dewey passed
the day on his flagship, the United States
cruiser Olympia. More than a thousand
residents of Nice visited the warship, ex
pressing the greatest admiration and
pleasure.
SHIPS TO RACE FROM NEW
YORK TO SAN FRANCISCO
Jke Tillie E. Starbuck and the St. Francis
Start on a Ten-Thovjsand-Dollar
Wager.
© PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 27.— Two clipper ships, the Tillie E. Starbuck, • •
g^ built of iron, and the St. Francis, a wooden vessel, both owned in New £
+ York left this port to-day to race to San Francisco for stakes aggregat- X
8S ing $10,000, put up by prominent Philadelphia men. Their time will be 88
fe counted from the moment they reach Cape Henlopen light. .. r-'-X;} . yirxX.'.. &
+ Picked crews are aboard each ship and the race is expected to deter- J
83 mine the mooted question as to whether the old wooden or the modern SS
♦ iron or steel ships are the most speedy. The ships are about 1800 tons *
*° each and carry a general cargo. The Starbuck is commanded by Cap- *-£
o. tain Curtis, and the St. Francis by Captain Winn *
♦ .-.. '•'.: ••: . ...* ■:- ... -It, -. . .. '* -. '... . £1 1
#»WWB»»* 88 ♦ WWWWWWB ♦ BW !♦»* 88-+BB+BB-+8S *♦ 88 »»•»-»<»»•
NEGRO RIOTERS
QUIETING DOWN
Troops Are Being With-
drawn in Georgia.
— —
PREPARING FOR THE TRIALS
CASE OF JOHN DELEGALL TO BE
HEARD WEDNESDAY.
-■ »
Colonel Lawton Did Not Expect
That the Mob Would
Give Up So
Soon. ■_. . .
_ ♦ — • r:r.,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DARIEN, Ga.. Aug. 27.— There were no
hostilities between the blacks and the
military to-day. though the negroes re-
main armed. That the situation is Im
proved is evidenced by the fact that
Colonel Lawton, commanding the First
Regiment, has sent back to Savannah
eighty-six men and three officers, whose
services are. no longer needed. There re
main something more than WO soldiers
on duty. These will remain until after
the sitting of the special term of the
Superior Court which has been called to
meet on Wednesday to try John Delegall
for the murder of Deputy Sheriff Town
send..
' The, special term will also try Henry
Dejegall. the negro about whom the
trouble has all heen, and the thirty-five
black rioters who are now confined in the
Savannah jail. It is probable that a
special train and a military escort will
bring the rioters from Savannah for trial.
There are still several hundred armed
negroes In the swamp. A heavy rain has
fallen to-day which will do. much toward
dampening their ardor.
ATLANTA, Aug. 27.— Governor Candler
kept in close communication with Colonel
Lawton of the First Georgia Regiment
all day and expressed satisfaction at the
encouraging messages from the scene of
the trouble in Mcintosh County.
Early .in the afternoon Colonel Lawton
wired the Governor that the situation
had greatly Improved and that the arrest
of Delegall had broken up all armed
resistance on the part of the negroes.
This evening the Governor was notified
that half of the Savannah regiment had
left Darien for their homes.
The Liberty Independent Cavalry and
two companies of the First Georgia Regi
i ment remain on guard. It was evident
: from the telegrams of Colonel Lawton
that he did not expect the negro mob to
give up so soon.
TURINA, THE SCULPTOR,
EXPIRES SUDDENLY
Had Been Employed on the Dewey
Triumphal Arch Being Erected
at New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— G. Turlna, a
prominent sculptor, who had been em-
ployed for some days on the Dewey tri-
I umphal arch, now under construction,
j died suddenly at his home to-day.
. Turina had been modeling a statue of
I Paul Jones the past week, and in order
to complete the statue he had been work- j
i ing extremely hard. He intended to con- I
: tinue his labors to-day, and arose early.
i Almost immediately he staggered across
the room and fell. In a few moments he
was dead.
i Turina. who was 60 years of age, was
i born in Verona. Italy. He studied sculp
ture In Milan and In Rome. In 1566 he was I
a volunteer in Garabaldi's army. He canfe
to New York ln 1867. Among his principal '■
works are the bust of Leo XIII, now in
the Vatican at Rome; the statue of Gari
baldi, in Washington square, this city; the
equestrian statue of General Bolivar, In
: Central Park, and a statue of Mazani.
It will be remembered that Caspar Bu
' berl. the sculptor, fell dead two weeks
ago in this city while making a medallion
j of Captain Lawrence for the Dewey arch.
POLICE CAPTURED A
DESPERATE BURGLAR
Karl Schillinger, Wanted on Several
| Charges, Arrested at Green
Meadows.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 27.— After avoid-
ing the police for several months Karl
Schillinger was arrested at Green Mead
l ows this afternoon by detectives. He de
murred when the warrants for his arrest
were served and gave the officers a lively
i tussle before the handcuffs were placed
: on his wrists.
Schilling, was arrested last December,
j hut in a tempting to escape Detective
; Aubie shot him in the right arm. He was
taken to the County Hospital that the
wounded arm might receive medical
treatment. In order to preclude his escape
from the hospital he was chained to the
bed. By some unknown means he man
aged to obtain a saw and effected his re-
lease. The captured man will answer to
j three burglary charges.
INSPECT VOLUNTEERS.
Root and Corbin Pleased With the
Appearance of New Regiments.
WASHINGTON, Aug. Secretary
Root and Adjutant General Cprbin paid a
flying visit to the army camp at Camp
Meade, Pennsylvania, to-day. They left
here last night at midnight and returned
to the city late this afternoon. Their ob
ject was to Inspect the two new regiments
of volunteer infantry, the Twenty-seventh
and Twenty-eighth, which have Just been
recruited and are now rendezvoused* at
that camp preparatory to their departure
for the Philippines.
Both the Secretary and the adjutant
general are enthusiastic over the fine ap
pearance of the men of the regiments.
The men of the Twenty-seventh are un
der Colonel Bell, and are under orders to
proceed to San Francisco, and probably
will leave Camp Meade on the train which
Is bringing home from that city the Penn
sylvania organization which has been do
ing duty in the Philippines.
Constitution Not to Take Part.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— Acting Secre
tary of the Navy Allen has advised
the Dewey reception committee in New
York that the department finds. It in
experient to grant the request, to have
the old frigate Constitution take part in
the naval parade. The ship is regarded
as too valuable a relic to be subjected to
the risk of attending a trip from Boston
to New York.
Death of an Old Resident.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 27.— Mrs. A. Trust
died suddenly of heart failure to-day.
She was 71 years of age and has resided
here since 1552.
ASPIRES TO A THRONE
AND LOSES HIS HEAD
Claimant to the Crown of Korea Adjudged
Insane and Decapitated on the
Order of Lady Mo,
• - *. VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 27.— Passengers arriving from the Orient by % \
] the Tacoma to-day tell of a recent attempt to seize the throne of Korea f |
f made by an alleged member of the old royal family, Wang Eui Soo. This j
•*£ , patriot or politician has been in exile since his birth for the sins of his <i> j
1 fathers. He returned to Seoul on May 2, at once made himself known at 1 ;
| the royal palace, and played the exceedingly bold card of declaring J J
Ihim/elf the rightful King. $
«Ie was arrested, but so unusual were his actions that the court 1 |
physicians adjudged him insane. He was then liberated, but immediately T i
after rearrested, by order of Lady Mo, the power behind the throne of «> j
the kingdom. She being an alien, does not share the Korean superstition <& j
with regard to the sanctity of the weak minded, and decreed that Wang J^
. ; Eui Soo should be hanged. To this he demurred, saying that he did not y
i fear death, but would die by the sword, as was his right as a member .
) of the royal house. Lady Mo finally agreed that it made little difference j
-v to her, so long as the claimant for the throne died thoroughly, and 'he y
?: was; decapitated. • -h
1 It is. asserted on good outhority that his claim to royal blood was I i
J sound, although he could not have, pursued a more suicidal course in en- y
■*> deavoring to possess himself of the throne. <$■
Q— <s>— 4>— *# — <$>— *$— <$— •*?> — <$ — <$> — <$— •§ — •s>— ♦— <$— <$— <$ — $> — <$> —^ — <S> — <S> — &— <B> — $— ® — # !
FOREST FIRES
RAGING FIERCELY
— »—
Town of Deer Creek,
Colo., Threatened.
Colo., Threatened.
—t —
SpeclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Aug. 27.— Forest fires, which
itis thought were caused by camp fires. are
raging on the foothills near the entrance
to Platte Canyon, about twenty miles
south of here. The fires started five miles
up the canyon and burned over the moun
tains on both sides of the canyon and are
now devastating the timber section along
j the foothills. " There are a number •of
i ranches in the vicinity, and several of
them have been slightly damaged by the
fires. At one time to-day they were
threatened with destruction.
The town of Deer Creek was also in
danger. But the wind changed its course
and drove the flames back to the hills.
To-night the fires were burning fiercely,
and the wind being slight, are gradually
creeping toward Deer Creek again. The
fires illuminate the sky and are plainly
visible from the outskirts "of Denver.
• Millions of feet of timber have been
consumed and the loss will be consider-
able. There are reports of loss of life.
OMAHA, Neb., Aug. 27.— A Bee special
from Cheyenne, Wyo., says:
Immense forest fires are raging about
Laramie Peak, in the northern part of
Laramie County. The fires have been
burning for the past ten days and have
, destroyed a large quantity of valuable
; timber. The fires have been reported to
; Special Agent Abbott, who will at once
1 make an effort to have them extinguished,
although it is feared they have obtained
such headway that this will be Impossible
unless rain comes. The Laramie Peak dis
trict suffered greatly last year from for
est fires. ■
CONGRATULATES THE
AMERICAN BUILDERS
Speech of Sirdar Lord Kitchener Upon
the Opening of the New At-
bara Bridge.
CAIRO, Aug. 27.— 1n the courso of his
speech yesterday at the opening of At
bara bridge, which was constructed by a
Philadelphia firm after competition with
British firms for the contract, the Sirdar,
Lord Kitchener, of Khartoum, said:
"The construction of this magnificent
bridge, . I think, may fairly be considered
a record achievement. So far as the fail
ure of the effort to place the construc
tion order In England Is concerned, I
think It demonstrates that the relations
between labor and capital there are not
sufficient to give confidence to the capi
talist and to induce him to take the risk
of establishing up-to-date workshops that
would enable Great Britain to maintain
her position as the first constructing na
tion In the world.
"But as Englishmen failed, I am de
lighted that our cousins across the*) Atla
ntic stepped in. This bridge is due to their
energy, ability and power to turn out
works of magnitude in less time than
anybody else. I congratulate the Ameri
cans on their success In the erection of a
bridge in the heart of Africa. They have
Shown real grit far from home, In the
hottest nionth of the year and depending
upon the labor of foreigners." .
SOLDIER ATTEMPTS
TO END HIS LIFE
Maimed in the Service, but Unable to
Obtain a Pension, He Gives
Way to Despondency.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Maimed and
cut off from l.^pe of a livelihood. Newton
Holman, until recently an enlisted man
of the United States army, serving ln
Montana and Wyoming, tried to kill him
self with a revolver at Cobb's Hotel to
day. He had taken measures to make
the attempt successful by turning on the
gas in case the bullet missed its mark.
He failed in both cases, for the hall
glanced from his skull, and he was dis
covered and sent to a hospital before the
gas had done its work. Holman is alter
nately enraged at his failure to take his
life and despondent enough to repeat the
attempt, at the thought of his dark fu
ture. Some weeks ago, while In the serv
ice, his left leg was so badly injured in a
railway accident that amputation was
necessary, and on August 15 Holman came
to Washington to try to secure a pension.
In a few days he learned that as his in-
Jury was received out of the line of duty
he could not be pensioned.
NATIVES PREPARING
FOR ADMISSION DAY
Presidio Parlor Has Engaged Head-
quarters on Pacific Avenue,
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 27.— The latest par
lor to engage headquarters for the Ad
mission day celebration is Presidio Par
lor, Native Sons of the Golden West, of
San Francisco. It has rooms at 171% Pa
cific avenue, where it will entertain on a
lavish scale.
A large number of Native Sons were in
town to-day making preliminary arrange
ments for the celebration and closing con
tracts for s ice cream and other refresh
ments,
Carl Katzensteln, chairman of the com
mittee on accommodations, has rooms en
gaged all over the city, where those who
cannot secure accommodations In the ho
tels may stop.
Tickets are to be given to the guests
during the celebration which entitles
them: to* a reserved seat at the Venetian
Water Carnival. . •' -.--'" Xx
PROGRESS OF STORM
OFF MARTINIQUE
■ ■*»-«*,'■• •*.,-. * •■-'- ■ •
Weather Officials as Yet Unable to
Foretell the Extent to Which
It Will Develop.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.-Offlcials of
the Weather Bureau are not yet able to
predict the extent to which the cyclone
reported south of Martinique will de
velop. At present the information re
ceived here indicates "only a slight dis
turbance south of San Domingo. The lo
cality affected now, however, is entirely
outside of the scope of the reporting sta- j
tions, and until the storm moves further
north it will be impossible to determine
its extent. By to-morrow morning the j
expectation is that the storm will reach
tlH* vicinity of Santiago, when more
definite data may he obtained. Careful
watch is being kept by the Weather
Bureau of its progress, and should a se
vere blow come, prompt warning will be
given by the service as in the case of the
hurricane several weeks ago. The storm
is now in the Caribbean Sea, and the
officials say the present indications are
that it will not he serious in effect.
STRIKE EPIDENIC
IN CUBA'S CAPITAL
HAVANA, Aug. 27.-The strike in
Havana is now getting to cause
genuine alarm among the citizens.
is it is supposed that the bakers
will go out to-morrow as they have
threatened. A strike on their part
would cause a good deal of hard
ship, as few private households
nave facilities for baking their own
bread. The hackmen also threaten
to strike within the next few days
If the strike of the masons does
iot soon terminate. The merchants
say everything Is ripe for a strike,
that would mean a general tie-up
if business for a fortnight, as a
majority of the employes, who
have had work for some months,
have saved money and want a rest.
A sympathy strike would give
them their opportunity. Senor Per
fecto Lacoste. the Mayor, and Gen
eral Rafael Cardenas, Chief of Po
ice, are doing all in tb-^'r power to
persuade the bakers -st to go out.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WONDERFUL CURES
IN A FEW DAYS
IN A FEW DAYS
Three Remarkable Cures Ef-
fected Within Ten Days by Dr.
Aborn,<the Successful Eye,
Ear, Head, Throat and Lung
Specialist, 554 SutteFStreet.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 24. 1599.
THIS IS TO CERTIFY that I had been
afflicted with my head and throat. With
cough and expectoration; my throat was
i so sore and inflamed that I could scarcely
swallow. I became alarmed of my con-
dition and came to San Francisco to con-
sult Dr. Aborn, at 554 Sutter street, and
placed myself under his treatment, and to
to my agreeable surprise he gave me in-
stant relief, and now. after two weeks'
treatment, I am entirely relieved of all
my illness, mv voice is fully restored and
I can eat and swallow as well as I ever
could. When I first applied to Dr. Aborn
I could scarcely speak above a whisper.
I am a miner and leave to-morrow for
home. JOHN WEHRLI.
Gambetta Mining and Milling Company,
Grub Gulch, Raymond, Cal.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 25, 1899.
TO THE PUBLIC: It gives me pleas-
ure to make this public announcement
that I have had my hearing restored in
i three days' treatment with Dr. Aborn, 554
Sutter street. I had been deaf in one ear
for over two years— could not hear the
ticking of a watch. I can now hear a
watch tick two or three feet from my car.
ALBERT GABRIELSON.
162 Tehama street.
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 25. 1899.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: I
wish to state for the benefit of the af-
flicted that I had been suffering for over
twenty years with inflamed and granu-
lated eyelids. Tried several doctors with-
out relief. I applied to Dr. Aborn, 554
Sutter street, who gave me instant relief,
and now, after ten days' treatment, I con-
sider myself about well.
FRANK J. G ASKIN,
3516 Sixteenth street.
■ DR. ABORN, 554 Sutter street, is daily
effecting some remarkable cures. Many
cases are relieved instantly, after having
been afflicted for years.
Hours— lo to 12 and 2 to 4; evenings,
7 to S. .
Right
'-t
vJUdSSCS
Glasses
Always ease" the eyes. When made ty us they
also bring ease and comfort to the nose. New
clip. Don't slip; firm and easy grip; 50 cents.
Bausch & Loub Stereo-Field Glasses at whole-
sale and retail. Send for pamphlets. Free.
Quirk repairing. Factory on premises. Tele-
phone Main 10. Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Mtixiul&JtiMv)
opticians^>£~>.
OPnciANs4ol^pHw;»«^s.
642 Market St. instruments
unoiß CMOniCi* nuiipi'xf.
■mms Intnl.-* MntMh
'J OCEAN TBA VEL. _;.
TOYOIiSEN KAISHA;
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers . for
I India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
\ of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, September lj
I AMERICA MARC Friday. October 6
| HONGKONG MARU ..Wednesday. Nov 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight. and passage apply at company's office,'
421 Market St., cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HUI-HWW3Mlff^MllffF-_-__l
WILL EARN
WILL EARN
$25 pei month
GUARANTEED
GUARANTEED
IF INVESTED BEFORE
' MIDNIGHT THURSDAY.
-
V Our stockholders made 33 1-3 per
Our stockholders made 33 1-3 per
cent profit the* last 30 days. Those
coming in now are guaranteed 25 per
cent per month, with the possibility of
its being much more when
Oil Is Struck
■
: —
Nothing but oil shares just now will
Nothing but oil shares just now will
pay such returns. One oil stock
jumped from
$15 to $200
PER SHARE LAST WEEK.
PER SHARE LAST WEEK.
PRICE GOES UP
PRICE GOES UP
Midnight August 31st. -
Applications received up to this
time will be filled at $4 per share.
Right, however, reserved to return all
subscriptions received after the
present 1000 shares have been taken.
-■
PROSPECTUS WITH "INSIDE INFOR-
PROSPECTUS WITH "INSIDE INFOR-
MATION" FREE.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
322=323
Parrott Building,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
hfc^ Steamers leave Broadway
• Mmhtii— wharf, San Franoisco.
S nffiWk For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
ij ■SwjrSHh August 19. 24, 2?. September 3.
1 fft,EuyS^ change at Seattle.
*> 6i«&«S<3 JTOI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I mmmmte&t&SSSl l c)- Port Townsend, Seattle.
4>^^ClaslBl Tacoma, Everett, Ana-ortes
and New Whatcom ("Wash.).
10 a. m. August 19. 24, 23.
September 3, and eve.y fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to thiscompany's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. P.y.: at Tacoma to X. P. Ry.:
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 1 p. m.. August
17,. 22. 27. September 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. August 20. 24, 2S, September
1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Bedor.do (Los Angeles).. 11 a.
m., August IS. 212. 2-:. 96, September 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changn
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ami hr.„m of snlllnr.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 8. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC SI2 First Close Including BertH
FAJJP $(2 F<>*Bt Clnee Including Bert*
I ntlt. $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Aug. 26. Sept. i
COLUMBIA sails Aug. 21. 31. Sept. 19
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOKK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Pt. Louis.:.. August 301 St. Louis Sept. 20
St. Paul Sept. « St. Paul Sept. 27
New York Sept. 13 1 New York Oct. 4
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 1? noon. * •
Frlesland Aug. SSI Kensington Sept. M
Southwark ....Sept. 6 Nordland Sept. 27
Westernland ..Sept. 13! Frlesland Oct. 4
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City. f *>
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
©NZPffltmf. J*' ?* Alameda sails
IvMllllL v,a Honolulu and
,*irn»i« Auckland for Sydney
f___ - -^ Wednesday, - Septenj-
aiy__zX'.l\ ber 6- at 10 p. m.
SImOISRID'-D The 8. S. Australia
OlKjlHJlllU*^ sails for Honolulu
■fOmBSIZH- -Wednesday, Septem-
•.u.ll'WltCr ber jo, at 2 p. m. ■*
wivci her 2ft. at 2 p m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India. Sues.
England, etc.; $610 flrst class. -^
i. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Otflce. 327 Market St.
COMPAQNIE OENERALE TRANBATLANTIQOE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, . r-rrar
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. *tfJTITt>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of ■^**3*v-™3. "
Morton st. LA TOUUAINE. Sept. I; LA
CHAMPAGNE, 9 -t. 9: LA GASCOGNE, Sept.
16;, LA BRETAGNE, Sept. 23; LA TOURAINE.
Sept. 30. Flrst-elass to * Havre. $63 and up-
ward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-clasa to Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduction
on r und 'trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
wav (Hut* in buildin New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye,, San Francisco. • :
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.'
'fob v. s. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.7
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a m. , 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night) Fri-
days. Ip. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m i
p. m." Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
[ FARE ; , MaEUCALYPTUS TREES AS
ANTI-MALARIAL AGENTS
I/Are Being Planted in Gvjba as an Experi
ment to Jest Their HealtKgiVing
Qualities.
*• HAVANA, Aug. 27. — Owing to frequent recommendations to Governor #
. -fc General Brooke of the eucalyptus tree as an anti-malarial agent, some ■¥■
* investigations into the subject have been carried on under his orders. At- -fc
* tentlon has been called to the success obtained in cultivating the tree in ♦
the vast Campagna dl Roma, Italy, where eucalyptus is now recognized "*
! as rendering the whole territory much less unhealthy. The City of Mcx- *
i leo is cited as another instance, where the Vigo canal, the Boating gar-
; .fc dens and other malarial districts are now well stocked with young trees,
; -fc with the results that the places which -were once marshy and unh-alth- -fc
■fc ful, have been rendered dry and inocuous. -fc
I "fc One recommendation says that the camp of the British troops in -fc
* Jamaica, which was formerly malarial, has been planted with eucalyp- "fetus,
* * tvs, the outcome already being a steady disappearance of marshy spots. *
ijr The tree, which absorbs the moisture, grows very rapidly, often ten feet "\
_^ ln a year. The wood is valuable and honey bees seek the flowers. The
honey, it is said, contains important medicinal properties.
!-H The Tree Department at Santiago de Cuba, now knowing of the investi- fc
■ -fc gations in progress under General Brooke's direction, recently made a re- -fc
i "fc quest for several thousand eucalyptus slips, the requisition being strongly -fc
'"* Indorsed by General Leonard Wood. The officials in charge of the yellow "fc
"* fever hospital planted several slips some months ago and these are now *
* thriving. It is believed that great good will result from the investiga- *
»j tions.
' -^ Several years ago experiments with the eucalyptus tree were tried +__
fc here, the result being satisfactory for the first four years, after which, lt fc
-fc is said, the trees died, but the consensus of opinion among the medical fc
-fc authorities is favorable to a repetition of the experiment, which General -fc
■* Brooke will probably attempt at an early date on a large scale. fc
-fc *
©★★★**★★★★***★★★ -fr******^
UNION PACIFIC
GAINS CONTROL
— ♦ —
Secures Stock of the
Oregon.
— « —
Special DlFpatrli to Th? Call.
Th» Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— 1t is learned on
excellent authority that the Northern Pa-
cific Railway Company some time ago dis-
posed of its entire holdings of Oregon
- Railway and Navigation Company stock
to a banking house in this city which Is
closely identified with Union Pacific in-
terest?: The Oregon Short Line, which
is controlled by the Union Pacific, is the
(.wner of practically all the common stock
of the Railway and Navigation Company.
The controlling interests in the preferred
ftock of the latter corporation nas been
owned jointly by the Cnion Pacific. North-
crn Pacific and Great Northern, the hold-
ings of the last two being equal in amount
but the Union Pacific holdings being much
larger than those of either of the others.
By the transfer of the Northern Pa-
cific's interest, it is understood, the Union
Pacific secures control of the preferred
■stock of the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company, the common stock of
w hich it already controlled through its re-
lation with the Oregon Short Line.
HEROISM OF A NUN
MEETS WITH REWARD
Eing Leopold Bestows Upon Sister
Teresa a Medal for Her Services
Teresa a Medal for Her Services
as a Xurse.
as a Nurse.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— A Journal cable
from Brussels says: King Leopold has
■ Just bestowed on Sister Teresa, an Eng
lish nun <«f the Aposteline Community.
established in Belgium, the civic medal of
the tirst class, a decoration Instituted as
a reward of conspicuous civic merit, in
recognition of her heroic services to the
people during the outbreak of a terrible
■epidemic which some time ago ravaged
the district of Oerdegem, in Flanders.
So great was the consternation of the
Inhabitants during the epidemic that no
one ventured to approach the houses in
which the victims lay dying. Sister
Teresa volunteered to go and attend the
unfortunate sufferers, for whom nurses
could not be found, and she succeeded
thus in saving the lives of many.
Sister Teresa has been In Belgium for
thirty years.
SURVEYS OF HAWAII.
Navy Department to Use the Tug Iro-
quois for the Purpose.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— is intended
by the Navy Department to use the big
pea-going tug Iroquois, now being used
as a dispatch-boat between San Fran
cisco and Honolulu, as a surveying vessel
to prefect surveys of the Hawaiian Is
lands. On account of the necessity of
♦■mploying all vessels of the Atlantic
no,uad"ron bo aid the army in suppressing
the insurrection in the Philippines, survey
work contemplated there has been post
poned until peaceful conditions prevail.
-»
MRS. CRANE RETURNS.
Will Publish Several Stories on In-
dian Life in the North.
SEATTLE, Aug. 27.— Mrs. Alice Rollins
Crane, wife of Colonel L. P. Crane, a re
tired army officer of Los Angeles, arrived
to-night from Dawson. She went north
two years ago with a commission from
the bureau of ethnology of the Smith
sonian Institution to make a collection of
folk lore and mythology of the Indians.
Bhe -.-Mil soon publish several books, as
well as a play entitled "Official Life in
Dawson." __
SULTAN'S NARROW ESCAPE
During a Thunderstorm He Is Nearly
Struck by Bolt of Lightning.
MOROCCO. Aug. Mulai-Abd-El-Aziz,
the Sultan of Morocco had a narrow es
cape during a recent thunderstorm, when
an electrical bolt killed several persons, in
cluding two court ushers, who were stand
ing within a few feet of his Majesty. The
occasion was the birthday of the prophet,
and the Sultan was receiving tribal gifts
In the quadrangle of the palace.^
%A HEW GRAPHOPHOHE^ i
|5 _^ g
;3 REPRODUCES SAME jf^^^f^^^ S
'^3 REPRODUCES.SAME^ j&s&Sm&^^ ~- g-
•*si RECORDS AS .^2g2»P^r— S
|3 ..ALL STANDARD 1^ 3
p GrSo^mwHh 5
J ' lACHINES. Or^topL^w ttt 5
I MAKE YOUR OWN RECORDS f
'^l The nleasurc in owning a Graphqphone is largely increased by being able to make and' mr
Aa renroduoo your own records. We furnish thi3 machine with recorder for $7.50, ■£
•SI irTJdnir it the cheapest recording and reproducing talking machine on tbe market, «C i
1-g f:"r_nhonhones of every description. SESTD FOR CATALOGUE COLUMBIA _%r
'**■ PHONOGRAPH COMPANY, 723 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. S
SYNDICATE BUYS
IDAHO PLACERS
t
Will Contrcl Chief Mines
Will Control Chief Mines
in the State.
— «. —
Special Dispatel * Th* Tall.
Special Dispatch tn The Call.
TACOMA, Aug. 27.— A representative of
a Boston syndicate has just closed one of
the largest mining deals ever perfected in
the West;
The syndicate named, with a capital of
$3,500,030, becomes the owner of -22
placer mining claims in the Cover d'Alene
distil In Idaho. The claims are all lo
cated In Shoshone County along Prichard
and Eagle creeks and within the dis
trict where the recent miners' troubles
have attracted world wide attention.
Hiiliard and his associates have been
successful in securing several patented
claims held by operators and speculators
in and about Tacoma. The purchase of
these claims gives th, company control
of about 75 per cent of theiplacer diggings
In Idaho. The total investment is said to
be about $1,500
Arrangements are being perfected to
equip the property with a (750,000 dredg
ing and hydraulic plant. The most im
proved machinery and the latest methods
known to science will be employed in the
full development of all the properties.
Th, practical part of the work will be
under the management of B. Stanley
Revatt, a mining engineer who has long
been connected with the North American
sold Dredging Company of Colorado -and
the Continental Gold Dredging Company
n California. It was largely through his
recommendations, made after an ex
amination of Coeur d'Alene in .833 that
:he new company was formed and con
solidation made possible. For years these
ilaeer- mines were successfully worked,
md have been producing gold ever since.
The beginning of the new consolidation
was several months ago. when Hiiliard
aegan quietly to buy claims on Prichard
'rt-ek from Raven to the mouth of the
?reek. and on Eagle Creek. The whole of
this district, about twenty-three miles in
length, has been purchased and turned
over to the Boston syndicate.
PREDICTS UPRISING
OF WORKING CLASSES
Address of an Italian Anarchist Who
Escaped From Prison and Came
Escaped From Prison and Came
to America.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Enrico Malates
ta. the Italian anarchist, who recently es
caped from prison in his own country and
came to the l'nited States, addressed a
French anarchist meeting in Paterson, N.
J., and a few hours later spoke to 2QO
Italian anarchists in this city.
li" told his hearers that the Italian and
Spanish workingmen were organized for a
great uprising. He said that he would
stay in this country about three months
and organize anarchist groups in many
of the leading cities.
Hobart's Condition Favorable
DEL MONTE, Aug. 27.— W. S. Hobart's
condition remained about the same to-day,
and there is no immediate danger, though
the critical period of the disease Is not
yet passed. Dr. MacMonagle, his phy
sician, returned to San Francisco this
afternon. leaving the patient in charge of
Dr. Grismer.
Captain English Dead
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 27. — Alexander
English died suddenly last night at his
home in Blackburn Gulch. In the early
days he was a sea captain and amassed
a considerable fortune. He was a native
of Scotland and 87 years of age. The
time for the funeral has not been set,
but will be as late as possible, as Mr.
English always had a horror of being
buried alive.
Killed by a Train.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 27.-The body of
James Gilman, a Southern Paciflc section
boss, was found beside the Valley road
track this morning with the head crashed.
It looks as though he walked from the
Southern Pacific yard and lay down beside
the Valley road, and rested his head on
the track for a pillow. It Is claimed he
was drinking last night. He was 60 years
of age and an old employe of the road.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1899.
CRUISER BOSTON, SCARRED AND BLACKENED BY
MONTHS OF WAR
GENTLY tugging at the anchor that
holds her in her place amid the
placid waters of the bay rides a yes-
sel that has made history and helped
o change the map of the world. It is the
cruiser Boston, the vessel that opened the
May Hay festivities which signalized the
commencement of American power In the
Philippines. It is nearly four years now
since she was last seen in this harbor, and
she has greatly changed since then. When
she was here before she appeared to the
beholder as one of the most beautiful of
our modern ships of war, and she fairly
glistened with the paint and polish which
had been bestowed upon her to make her
look at her very best; and the square rig
ging which she carried aloft brought back
to mind the days when sailors fought
yardarm to yardarm with their enemies.
To-day, battered and soiled, she re
turned shorn of the delicate tracery of top
hamper and running gear— a scarred old
veteran, soiled and ugly, but more be
loved than ever by the country whose flag
she flies.
Yesterday tugs were plying to and fro
from early morning until way into the
afternon carrying the great crowds of
visitors anxious to look at the guns that
had sent Montijo's ships to the bottom of
Manila Bay. The visitors were cordially
received by the men on board, and the
bluejackets seemed just as anxious to ex
hibit all there was of Interest as their
visitors were to behold and listen to the
stories of how the battle was won.
The objects which were lingered over
The objects which were lingered over
longest were the patches covering the
spots where Spanish shells had torn their
way through. There were live such places
altogether, one on the foremast, where a
shell had struck and then plunged onward
to explode over the side; one in the side.
CASH DENIES
THAT HE ROBBED
THE ALAMEDA
He Is PutThroughthe
"Sweating" Process.
— —
PROCLAIMS HIS INNOCENCE
— * —
j CLEVER RUSE TO DECEIVE THE
POLICE.
The Australian Crook, in Order to
Save an Accomplice, Says the
Save an Accomplice, Says the
Latter Died in New
Orleans.
The police are hopeful of connecting
Jack Casey, the Australian crook, with
the robbery of the specie room of the
j steamer Alameda.
Shortly after his arrest Saturday night
Detectives Gibson. Ellis and Sullivan.
who took him into custody, questioned
: him, but as he seemed dazed from the
effects of an overindulgence in liquor,
they decided to allow him to become
sober before putting him through the
! "sweating" process.
Yesterday morning he was taken before
Chief Lees and closely questioned. Casey
emphatically denied that he had a hand
in the Alameda robbery. He claimed he
! was in San Francisco at the time and
; that he did not leave the city until after
! tlie robbery was made public.
Casey also denied any participation in
the diabolical scheme to murder Million
i aire Green.
"If Howard put up the Job," he re
; marked with considerable emphasis, "I
know nothing about it. Howard, it is
I true, was my friend and I still regard
I him as such. So far as his dealings with
j Green were concerned I know nothing
I about them, as Howard was strangely
I uncommunicative even to his warmest
friends."
Casey, when asked about his partner,
I "Jimmie" Kelly, who is also suspected of
I being one of the Alameda robbers, de
! clared he had heard Kelly had died in
j New Orleans a short time ago. He ad
; mitted that after tae robbery was made
I known, thinking they were suspected, he
! and Kelly went East. He left i\.elly. so
he claimed, in New York, but expected to
! join him in New Orleans. On learning of
! Kelly's alleged death, he declared, he re
i turned to this city, intending to inform
the police that Kelly had "gone to a
higher court," as he expressed it.
Notwithstanding his statement the po
| lice are morally certain that Casey and
! Kelly, on learning that the detectives
were after them in connection with the
Alameda robbery, went to Howard and
were advised by him to leave the city.
From a reliable source the police have
learned that both Casey and Kelly were
in New Orleans and thinking tuat they
were being watched they agreed to sep
arate. Before leaving his companion in
crime Kelly concocted the scheme where-
by Casey was to circulate the story that
he was occupying six feet of earth in an
unmarked grave.
Casey returned to this city last Thurs-
day, but learning that the police were hot
on his trail he went into hiding. Late
Saturday night he ventured out and get-
ting gloriously full, he was picked up by
the detectives and taken to police head-
quarters.
The police think Kelly is also in this
■city, and every effort is being made to And
him. *;.*■• .
■ ♦ »
Slashed His Brother-in-Law. . •
During a trivial dispute over their do
mestic affairs Tony Lyons last night
slashed John Kelly, his brother-in-law,
across the nose with a knife, inflicting a
across the nose with a knife, inflicting a
slight wound. Kelly was treated at the
slight wound. Kelly was treated at the
Receiving Hospital, while his brother-in-
Receiving Hospital, while his brother-in-
where another shell had entered the state
room of Lieutenant Doddridge and put his
wardrobe in such a condition that he had
to stand his next watch appareled in a
barrel and the consciousness of his own
Integrity; one which passed through the
port side amidships just above the gun
deck, and two more, one of which struck
the hammock netting and another which
exploded just below the main top.
Beside "Topsy," the ship's small poodle,
who is the mascot to whose influence the
sailors firmly attribute Dewey's victory.
the vessel is filled with parrots, monkeys,
birds of various sorts and a large assort
ed job lot of cats and dogs that have been
picked up at various ports or have been
born on board.
The vessel, which is under the com
mand of Lieutenant Commander Edward
E. Hughes, will remain in the stream un
til after Wednesday. Then she will go to
Mare Island, where she will be over
hauled, repaired and modernized.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Acting Secre
tary Allen will Issue orders in a few days
for a thorough survey of the cruiser Bos
ton preparatory to her being 'placed out
of commission and undergoing extensive
repairs. The Boston may be ordered to
northern ports on the Pacific Coast to
show herself off, as the Raleigh did upon
law was charged at the City Prison with
an assault with a deadly weapon.
POLITICIANS ASSEMBLE.
Ohio Democrats Prepare for the State
Convention.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio, Aug. 27.— Some of
*the workers for candidates arrived to-
day for the Democratic State Convention.
i which meets here next Tuesday and
Wednesday. The delegates meet by
Congressional districts Tuesday, after-
noon to select members of the new State
Central Committee and of other com-
mittees, including a new one on "party
reorganization." These committees meet
Tuesday night so as to report on the as-
sembling of the convention Wednesday
morning. There will be no contests over
the resolution, which will favor 16 to 1
and the rest of the Chicago platform. in-
dorse Bryan, denounce McKinley and
imperialism and I [anna and bossism.
There will be contests before the com-
mittee on credentials. The McLean men
claim that the result of the contests can-
not affect the lead of their favorite. The
Kilbourne men have claimed that much
depends on the committee on credentials,
but they are not making any claims to-
day.
OPPRESSED BY RUSSIA.
One Hundred Thousand Finlanders
Will Leave Their Country.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Aug. 27.— Messrs.
Bergstroen and Zilliacs, prominent Fin-
landers here, 'declare that 100,000 Finland
ers have decided to leave their country
, owing to Russian oppression. They say i
their home rule measure of 1592 has been
violated. The Imperial government de- j
mands $10,000,000 a year more taxes and
the right to recruit from the Finlanders
for the imperial army. *. deputation tried
to interview the Czar recently, but he
refused to receive it.
Labor Union Troubles.
SCRANTON, Pa., Aug. 27.— President
Parsons of the National Letter Carriers'
Association has protested to the local car
riers in permitting non-union carpenters
to build the arches and columns which
form the main features of the decorations
at the carriers' national convention, to be
held here next week.
He says that unless the mistake is rec
tified the big labor day parade is likely
to be disrupted, as the 1700 carriers from
New York City are disposed to refuse to
march under the arches. The local com
mittee has cent a reply to New York to
explain that the carpenter work was sub
let by an electrician who has the contract
for the decorations. _
Shot Wife, Then Self.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.. Aug. 27.— spe
cial to the Times from Marshfleld, Wis.,
says: William Moran, a hreman on the
Chicago and Northwestern road, shot and
killed his wife and afterward killed him
self this morning. Family troubles caused
separation, and it was this that led to the
deed. Four children are left orphans.
Moran was thought to be temporarily in
sane.
Plague In Oporto Prison.
MADRID, Aug. 27.— 1t is reported here
that a case of bubonic plague has devel
oped in the Oporto prison.
Accordingfl to advices from Ponteverdra,
the capital of the province of the same
name, northeast of Vigo, a soldier belong
ing to the sanitary cordon at that point
was killed by a bullet from Portuguese
territory. .
Bogus Lottery Tickets.
SUISUN. Aug. Constable Downing
of this city has secured evidence of swind
ling acts being perpetrated in various vi
cinities by Chinese venders of fake lot
tery tickets. Downing informed Chief
Lees of San Francisco, and received a re
ply that well dressed Mongolians are vis
iting the rural districts and victimizing
women by selling bogus tickets.
.-■-.- *i**...-< **. -• — •
New President of a College.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Rev. Father
Edward J. Fink, S. J., has been ap
pointed president of Gonzaga College,
this city, by Father Martin, provincial
of the Jesuit order, who resides In Rome.
Father Fink will fill the position made
vacant by the death of Father Calllgan
last July. His incumbency will continue
for three years. ->rP',y J
her return to New Tork, but the authori
ties are anxious that she should be laid
up as promptly as possible in order that
she may be modernized as quickly as pos
sible.
The Boston is a sister ship of the At
HAVE AGREED ON
BOUNDARY LINE
Secret Work of the Com-
mission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. 28.— special to
I the Tribune from Washington says: In
I spite of the apparent abandonment of
■ the negotiations with Canada, it is
j learned on the authority of an official
whose connection with the boundary
j question has been constant and confi
-1 dential that a secret agreement had
i been reached, as the result of which a
: temporary arrangement will be ac
\ complished before Congress meets in
! December.
As the result of negotiations conduct
ed in the utmost secrecy assurances
have been given the American Com
missioners, it is said, that if they will
allow matters to rest until after the
: Canadian elections in October a tempo
: rary agreement will be readily reached.
! It is suggested that the basis of the
I new modus Vivendi has been sketched
out and practically agreed upon by
! the American and Canadian Commis
sioners.
This temporary arrangement, or
! modus Vivendi, will provide, first, that
j the Canadians shall have the use of a
port on the Lynn Canal, Pyramid Har
bor being the most likely one. The ar
rangement will provide, however, by
means of a special protocol, a distinct
declaration that this temporary occu
pation of a port on the Lynn Canal by
British customs officers shall in no way
affect the final settlement of the bound-
ary question, but both British and
American interests and claims will be
fully reserved. The use of the port is
to be temporary until the question of
ownership of the disputed strip is final-
ly settled to the satisfaction of both
countries.
Under this temporary agreement also
Canadian white pine lumber, not dress
ed, tongued or grooved, but Including
logs and rough boards, is to be ad
mitted free into the United States.
AMERICAN ON TRIAL
FOR MURDER IN JAPAN
YOKOHAMA. Aug. 11, via Victoria, B.
C. , Aug. 27.— The foreign community here
is watching with eager interest the first
murder trial of a foreigner in the Jap-
anese courts. Though there is no doubt
of the guilt of the accused; an American
named Miller, curiosity is greatly
strengthened by the opportunity thus
early given to note the rulings of the
Judge and the method of procedure. The
conduct of the trial has been exceedingly
dignified and fair, and in the opinion of a
leading foreign barrister will prove to be
far more efficient in securing a just ver
dict than could be possible under -the old
system. The promptness with which the
accused was brought to the bar and the
entire absence of any disposition to delay
the proceedings excites favorable com
ment and goes far toward allaying for
eign fears of Oriental dllatoriness.
Another assurance to the same effect
was given in the speedy trial and acquit
tal of the engineer of the United States
transport Sherman, arrested for larceny.
This case is notable as being the solitary
instance of police interference with any
one connected with the .American troops
passing through here. Five thousand
nave now come and gone, roaming through
the streets of Yokohama and Tokio for
an average of two days without causing a
ripple of disturbance.
Will Be Appointed Minister.
LIMA, Peru, Aug. 27.— 1t is reported that
on leaving the Presidency Dr. Parola will
be appointed Peruvian Minister to France
or Great Britain. » - V '
lanta, which has been undergoing repairs
at the New Tork navy yard for several
ycr.rs. and the changes to be made In her
will doubtless be similar in many respects
to those made in that vessel. It is.in
tended by Admiral O'Neil. chief of ord
nance, to supply the Boston with a modern
battery, and the eight and six-inch guns
she used so effectively ln the battle of
Manila Bay will be transformed into rapid
firers.
McNESS IS
ACCUSED OE
EMBEZZLEMENT
.
Handsome Billy Has
Handsome Billy Has
Disappeared.
Disappeared.
HE IS WANTED BY THE POLICE
— • —
ELOPES WITH A YOUNG WOMAN
TO SEATTLE.
— ♦
It Is Alleged That He Stole a Thou-
It Is Alleged That He Stole a Thou-
sand Dollars From Van Vliet,
sand Dollars From Van Vliet,
the Pawnbroker, his
the Pawnbroker, his
, Employer.
Employer.
The police have been asked to find
I "Billy" McNess, who is wanted for the
j alleged embezzlement of about UOOO be
longing to Van Vliet, the pawnbroker, at
9 Grant avenue. McNess was a trusted
employe, and frequently handled large
sums of money belonging to the pawn
broker.
Some time ago he became infatuated
with a young woman whom he met at
the People's Palace and proposed
marriage to her. She readily accepted
the offer, but on account of the opposi
tion manifested by her parents, it was
agreed between them that they should
elope.
As 'McNess did not have the necessary
cash, it is claimed, he helped himself to
the funds "of his employer and then de-
parted with his sweetheart for Seattle.
As the girl insisted that they should be
married, McNess took her before a
Seattle Justice of the Peace, where they
were made man and wife.
Learning that Van Vliet has enlisted
the secvices of the police in apprehending
his former clerk, McNess, evidently fear-
ing arrest, went to Denver, but through
a letter which he wrote to a friend in
this city, the police located him and It is
expected that an officer will be sent to
bring him back.
McNess was a familiar figure on Market
street and was looked upon as a model
young man.
Louis Van Vliet is loth to communicate
anything in regard to the alleged defalca
tion .of his trusted clerk. He admitted
the robbery, but stated that he must see
his brother before giving any further in
formation.
"Did McNess rob you of $1000?" he was
asked last night. .
"No, not that much," he replied.
Van Vliet said he could not tell the
exact amount he had lost without con-
sulting his books. He stated that he had
never suspected that there was anything
wrong with McNess, but had trusted him
absolutely until his defalcation. He
would make no further statement con-
cerning the affair.
NAVAL VETERANS' REUNION.
Meet at a Banquet and Form a Per-
manent Organization. - <•, -
Fifty of the naval militiamen of Califor
nia who served In the late war effected a
permanent organization at a banquet held
at the Navada restaurant last night. Six
volunteers of the First Regiment, who
previously had belonged to the naval
militia, were present and announced their
Intention of joining the new organization.
An enjoyable evening passed at the ban
quet board, and at its conclusion the fol
lowing officers were elected: President,
Captain L. H. Turner; first vice president,
G. C. Rammerer; second vice president,
D. N. McMullan; secretary, C. R. Al
berger; advisory board. D. J. O'Hearn, W.
Holdsedge and F. O. Blythe. <-, -■
The man who is continually harping
on his virtues has at least one vice.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE, GRANT 33.
HEBENBAUH
il§& COli
9 IMPORTING AND RETAIL GROCERS, fl
§ IMPORTING AND RETAIL GROCERS, 1
J 222-224 SUTTER STREET. J
| IMPORTANT SAVING SALE 2
: For THIS ENTIRE WEEK. 2
2 We place on sale to-day— while*2
9 quantity lasts — our full line of §
: TERRA COTTA COLOR, 2
{ WHITE LINED STEEL 2
2 ENAMEL WARE, 2
J At 25 per Cent Reduction. •
9 Owing to the manu'acturer having tf
9 Owing to the manufacturer having %
9 retired from business we are unable -8
• to replenish the line, hence this clos- 2
• ing-out sale below cost. Goods are J
of the highest grade and surpass in 5
q style and durability the best Agate 2
9 Ware. We quote the prices of a few q
9 articles. For general assortment see fi
• our window d. splay. 4
• Straight _^^ S
• Saucepan o^&r »
» 4-quart. Effil G
D Regularly^ £§£«lH«ait *S
• Now 55c, BfiW |
J Now 55c, SsHBI €
J so Berlin Kettle, 2
J Jigi Bale Handle, j
• fl^^t^S 8-qt. Regularly Jl 50. X
» vanr now si.io' s
I * " Now $I.lo* 2
{ Tea Kettle, %£D«
I 4-qt. Regularly. Jl 25. L***«w^3» I
1 Now 95c, |
I * S* Berlin 2
» IBB? Saucepan, c
» 4-qt. Reg. Ssc. ®
? S5 4-qt. Reg. Ke.
» HHS* Now 60c. 2
9 C
| Tea or Coffee Pot, |
| Tea or Coffee Pot, j
© 2-qt. Regularly SOe. IliillLJf 9
! Now 60c. J* 2
• <s
! -^ns^ Dishpan, S
I &rmm? Dishpan, 2
A Wt^tSmW 17-Qt- Regularly {1 20. S
! mm Now 90c. S
• Lipped \
% Saucepan, g~~> «
I Saucepan, g— j|
0 Regularly 35c. fBBSSgBBfif *^
g Now 25c. Hi^ S
liow 25c, Wtm
9 «
ricinc We furnish better value for «
9 riHAD-N furnish better value for fl
a vluAftJ the money than exclusive 2
L cigar dealers. 5
5 Country orders delivered free within %
9 100 miles. Write for 52-page cata- (
§ logue, FREE. £
People from the interior of the State
should not miss visiting
GUMP'S
ART ROOMS and
GALLERY,
113 GEARY STREET.
Largest and finest collection of works
by the best European artists.
Latest importations and several first-
class paintings from this year's Paris
Salon.
Our Art Rooms Are Also Open
to Visitors.
_R*rinßfr'TfSiflH,fti^v?rT»S
MiM
• 4 visit DR, JORDAN'S great 4
ivisi-r DR JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
: 0 £& ICSIS£A3HT6T.t«4..6_I_K-.S.r.Cd.i
.-A ty The Largest Anatomical Museum lif the T
' m &-Zr_i__ **** ■€■*■ or any contracted i
i W KHb disease positively cared by the oldest J
9 lEgl Specialism the Coast Est. 36 years. 9
J i ti*S.l DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ VtfSRI Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
m M JLr^K. ■ "-'" ,tmc!U personally or by letter. A m
\HW yL I sWrniUm Cut* in every case undertaken. T
A mil 11 9 Write for Book, PHILOSOPHY «f A
▼■ I I IiAHBIA6E, MAILED FREB. <A "
A A 11' valuable book for men) a
f DR. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. J. 9
IERCE'S
LJT FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
, R WEAK WOMEN.
fmsm rupture.
#B—fc RUPTURE.
Zf BUSE NO MORE IRO*
gnsSSM[\-\_iSS> Hoops or Steel Springs.
JP^BB^y Rupture retained with eas*
■ _XaW^» and comfort, and thousands radl-
H zmPi cally CURED by DR. PIERCE"9
« /Jg x Magrnetlo Elastic Truss. £s" Call at
office or writ* (or Naw Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
CO Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel, San iTranclsco
MCTD\/IT A ««Mr<« vrr.Ai.rrr
NERVITA LOST VIGOR.
jjSßfr — AND MANHOOD
___\\^^^zL Cu«s Impotencv Night Emission*: and wasting
BB*'3'D diseases, all effects ot self-abuse, or excess and
i t^mß indiscretioa A nerve/tonic and blood-builder.
I t\l *^VT Brings the pink glow to pale '-heelcs and tt*
| m*PJ stores the (ire of youth. By mail 500 pel"
'. *H__y_fL box: 6 boxes for $2.50; with 3 written
; -Wnj^^Pfv guarantee to cure or refund the money.
aorita medics! Co., GHaton * Jackson st*.. GWaas.
E. I*. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market, S.F.
Radway's
Oil I**
Pills
§ IHld
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfe.t digestion, complete absorption and
1 . healthful regularity. :*■: :v - :
TUT 111 l tui* ur Mir disorders of tha Stomach.
I Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
i regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Plies and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists.
1 or by mall. RADWAT & CO., New Tort
34
MONDAY AUGUST 28, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F
Telephone Main 1368.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
; 'MI.T CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year fO.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.80
PAILY CALL— By Single Month OOc
HUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receiv.- subscriptions.
Sample oopies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE j
PERRY LUKENS dR 99 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria -Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — Mootgomery street, corner Clay
Open until 9:30 o'clocK- 300 Hayes street, ooen until
930 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock*
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
i ' ——
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The New Dominion."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. ,
Tivoli— "Groconda."
Alca sar "lngomar."
Grand Opera-house "Paul Jones."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets — Specialties.
Battle of Manila— street, near Eighth.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Race?, etc.
Golden Gate Agricultural District No. I— Races to-day.
Alhambra Theater — Benertt to John W. Slade, Saturday
evening, September 2.
California State Fair, Sacramento— September i to 16.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback — Wednesday, . August 30, at 2:30
o'clock, Persian and Turkish Rugs, at 117 Sutter street.
NOTHING EVER SEEN LIKE IT.
IT is a queer kind of prosperity that throws men
out of work, but such is the condition of things
in one or two lines of trade to-day. The demand
for finished iron products is so immense that the fur
naces have not been able to turn out the goods fast
enough to fill their orders, so in seveial branches of
the industry men have had to be laid off until suffi
cient supplies can be secured. In fact, nothing like the
present trade activity has ever been seen in this coun
try. It began a year or so ago, and was thought to be
the natural reaction after a long period of depression,
which would subside after a few months; but it still
continues, and is even more pronounced than last
year.
Current figures show this tremendous activity plain-
Current figures show this tremendous activity plain
ly. The tonnage movement from Chicago during the
past three weeks has been 80 per cent heavier than last
year, and 74.6 per cent heavier than in 1892, the year
preceding the panic. The bank clearings of the coun
try have exhibited a marked gain every week this
year, sometimes running up to 80 per cent over [898.
Every week, too, the failures have been smaller than
for the same week last year. The gratifying feature 'of
all this prosperity is that it is accompanied by very
little speculation, being, in fact, "the result of an enor
mous demand for goods all over the United States.
This demand is strikingly illustrated in the clothing
trade, leading clothiers reporting that the people are
not only buying more clothes than for a long time,
but are buying a more expensive class of fabrics.
There can be no better proof of widespread prosperity
than this.
The weekly commercial reports last week abounded
in illustrations of the unprecedented demand for mer
chandise of all descriptions. Iron and steel, notwith
standing the recent advances, continue 10 point up
ward under an inquiry fully as eager as at any time
during the past year, while lumber, wool, leather,
boots and shoes, cotton and most of the other staples
rule firm at full figures. Practically all the industries
are some months behind the requirements for actual
use. and in not a few the output for a year ahead has
been sold. The fall demand is showing remarkable
expansion, particularly in the Northwest, while the
great corn belt of the West is in high feather over an
enormous crop at fair prices. The only drawback at
present is a drought in the Southwestern cotton
States, notably Texas. The cattle raisers are in
clover, for present prices for beef have been equaled
in Chicago only five times in twenty-two years, and
there are 10,000,000 less beef cattle in the United
States than there were seven years ago. In fact, it
is said that there are fewer cattle in the country now
than since 1882. Certainly, it is long since prices for
beef and mutton have been as high as they are now,
while hogs keep up to 6c in the San Francisco mar
ket with a pertinacity which surprises the packers.
All these conditions tell the tale of the current pros
perity. We seem to be in one of these epochs familiar
to readers of history, when the land seems flowing
with milk" and honey. On this coast the principal
expression of the prevailing good times is the lack
of farm hands to harvest the grain and fruit crops.
This complaint has been heard ever since the harvest
began, and is something unique in agriculture.
Wages have advanced' in proportion, but the prices
of most farm products are now so good that the
farmer is making more money at the high labor rate
than he did when he was getting men for very low
pay. '.- .y
When business is so active, both in city and coun
try, it is difficult to point out' where the principal
activity lies. Suffice it to say that not for many years
has trade been in such satisfactory condition as now;
.md the best feature of it is that it is likely to continue
so indefinitely. . -:-
The hide of Holocaust, .the French horse that Tod
Sloan rode to its death in the English Derby, has been
tanned and will be made into boots for fashionable
London. It goes without saying that purchasers will
be found in the fast set.
A sound like unto that made by a cow drawing her
hoof out of the mud was heard plainly the other day
in Washington. Thomas Brackett Reed was pulling
cut of Congress.
BUSINESS SENSE IN THE SOUTH.
PERMANENT organization was recently effected
in Atlanta by an association of business men
known as the Southern Industrial League, the
| objects of which are to encourage the payment and
j collection of debts, to repeal statutes devised to hinder
j the collection of debts, to protect all forms of invested
; capital and to prevent the discounting of debts.
The organization of a league for such purposes
I throws a strong side light upon business conditions
j of the Southern States and reveal some of the causes
j why the South has been so backward in commercial
j and industrial development. In the wreck of the old
, slavcholding society in the South there fell upon that
section so much of disaster that discontent became the
dominant sentiment of the people, and the quack
legislators, who flourish everywhere in periods' of
popular discontent, obtained such power they were
enabled to fill the statute books with laws ostensibly
| designed to protect debtors, but which might be fairly
I termed acts to destroy credit. By making it difficult
j to collect debts these States have made it difficult for
: their people to borrow money, and as a consequence,
! while the rest of the Union has ample financial re-
sources to promote industry and trade, the South has
- been in a condition of chronic financial stringency.
The intelligent business men of the South now per-
ceive the evil that has been brought upon them by
this. "fool legislation"' and have organized to repeal it.
At the meeting at which the permanent organiza
; tion was effected the principal speaker was S. G. Mc-
Lendon of Thomasville, Georgia, and in the course
of his address he gave the South much good advice
in matters of national as well as of State legislation.
Commenting upon the support given to Bryan and
free silver he said:
"Congress never did. never will, and never can
| regulate the value of a single piece of money made
j out of metal or paper, except in payment of taxes and
executions. The unwritten laws of commerce regulate
these, and all other values. To reduce it down to a
unit, the buyer and the seller are the only people
on earth who are possessed of final and absolute power
I to regulate values, and Parliaments and Kings and
Congresses are utterly helpless in the presence
jof the power of these . two persons. ****•*•
When we of the South take our stand against our
own and the experience of other nations, and join in
1 an effort to uphold this ancient and exploded theory,
we assume a burden that reduces our credit, paralyzes
our resources and retards our development."
Equally pertinent was his condemnation of the pro-
posed indiscriminate legislation against trusts. On
I that question he said:
"I do not defend trusts, but I do insist that the peo
■ ple have a right to ask that the, criminal or evil trusts
be named and their crimes specified before they are
invited to an indiscriminate slaughter of all corpora-
tions created under State laws. The laws against re-
grating, forestalling and engrossing sleep calmly in
the statute books of many of our States, but how one
sovereign in forty-five is going to dictate the conduct
of another sovereign, or how the Federal Govern
| ment is going to acquire jurisdiction over franchises
. granted by the State, or over the States which grant
them, are questions upon which the anti-trust orators
and press have so far given out no information. Until
an intelligent indictment against offending trusts is
i framed and presented to the great assize of the people
no progress will be made toward the suppression of
an alleged evil."
Finally Mr. McLendon closed with a general coun
sel that will be profitably studied not only in the
: South but throughout the Union:
"In our haste for remedial legislation we often see
the wrong man hit. We are groaning to-day under
1 the heavy burden of statesmanship which introduces
' laws which can in no way be administered. Let the
people awake and scourge such men from public
office. Let them awake and suppress that school
which would teach that government can usurp the
< functions of the Almighty and create something out
of nothing. Let them awake and quit levying public
j taxes for private profit. Let them awake and require
j that only just and reasonable laws shall be enacted,
; and that these shall be promptly and impartially ad
! ministered by the courts. Let the people do these
things, and our burdens will be lifted, the idle hand
t and the idle dollar will meet under the banner of equal
: laws, and while giving employment to each other
will give prosperity to our country."
TRUST CONFERENCES.
SOME time ago Governor Sayers of Texas issued
a. call for a convention of Governors and At-
torneys General of the States and Territories
! to meet in St. Louis September 20, to devise a uni
; form system of laws for the regulation of trusts. A
j little later the Civic Federation of Chicago arranged
j for a conference on trusts to assemble in that city
1 September 13, and the Governors of the States have
i been requested to appoint delegates to attend it.
The two conferences will differ widely from one
another in the attitude they assume toward the subject
under consideration. That which meets in St. Louis
j has been called "to consider the effect which the for
-1 mation of trusts is having upon the country, and, if
! possible, to agree upon a character of legislation that
will not only force those now existing into dissolu
tion, but will also prevent their further creation."
The attitude of such a convention it will be seen is
one of hostility to trusts and its main object is to
devise a means for preventing their operation..
The Chicago conference, according to the call of
i the Civic Federation, is "to discuss combinations and
: trusts, their uses and abuses, embracing the subjects
of transportation, labor, industrial and commercial
j combinations.''' The object of this conference, there-
I fore, is purely educational; it will aim to present all
I sides of the issue impartially and will consider upon
its merits every problem involved.
After the Chicago conference. had been called the
committee of arrangements discovered that while
there has been much -discussion on the subject there
has been very little reliable data brought forward
upon which to base conclusions. To remedy that de
! feet the committee has issued blanks to upward of
1 20,000 persons, firms and corporations, more or less
1 affected by trusts, asking for replies to questions per
j tinent to the controversy. By means of these replies
j the committee expects to be able to compile a larger
; fund of information on the subject of trusts and their
i effects than has yet been furnished.
Of the two conferences, that at Chicago promises
jto be the more interesting. A considerable number
i of Governors and Attorneys General have accepted
' the invitation to the St. Louis meeting and it will
doubtless be well attended, but the results are not
! likely to be profitable. At the utmost it can only
; agree upon some declamatory resolutions denouncing
trusts, more useful for stump speakers in the cam
j paigns of the fall than for intelligent legislators seek-
ing to devise laws for the good of their common-
wealths.
From the Chicago conference, on the other hand.
there may be expected a discussion' of the subject
that will increase the public understanding of its prob
lems and thus prepare the way for such legislation as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1899.
may be needed to regulate them and guard against
abuses. In fact if the anti-trust Governors and At
torneys General who are going: to the convention st
St. Louis are wise, they will attend the Chicago con:
ference first and learn something of both sides of the
issue they purpose to deal with.
THE EAST AND THE WEST.
ACCORDING to a report from Washington,
; one of the most serious obstacles in the way
of procuring governmental aid for the irriga
tion of arid districts of the West is the opposition of
Eastern interests. It is said many people in that sec
tion of the Union regard the development of the West
as in some measure prejudicial to Eastern farmers
inasmuch as it will tend to diminish the value of farm
lands and the prices of farm products.
A prominent leader of one of the Eastern granges
is quoted as saying he could see nothing in the way
of results from irrigation under the supervision and
by the aid of the national Government but a local
benefit to the West, and that he did not think it right
for the people of the whole country to be taxed for
the purpose of helping a few sparsely settled arid
States.
It is of course inevitable that some sectional oppo-
I sition to the vast work of irrigation should develop.
1 It is true that the Eastern States do not need irriga-
I tion and that if the national Government undertake
the work of constructing great storage reservoirs,
the Eastern as well as the Western taxpayer will have
j tt. assist in defraying the cost. The issue is therefore
a sectional one, but it is not more so than any other
I wcrk of internal improvement. When the interior of
the country is taxed to provide revenues for the im
provement of harbors on the coast, the residents of.
the coast cities can easily perceive the improvement
I is for the general good, but when it is proposed to
I improve the interior of the country some Atlantic
Coast people see nothing in it but a movement for a
\ purely Western benefit.
Fortunately it is not likely. that merely sectional
considerations will have much weight in determining
the action of the Government on an issue of this kind.
It is true that almost every river and harbor bill and
every bill providing for the construction of post
offices is made up largely by an interchange of favors
between the members of Congress from the different
districts that are to be benefited, but in measures
dealing with large matters there is very little sectional
] ism displayed. When a comprehensive irrigation
{ policy has been given definite form and comes up for
action, the leaders of Congress, the directing states
men of the nation, will not give much heed to ob
j jections interposed on sectional grounds.
The fact that some sectional opposition exists
! ought, however, to arouse the people of the West to
the importance of making a united effort to bring
the issue fairly before the nation and to educate the
East upon the advantage which the whole people will
derive from the upbuilding of the semi-arid section
of the Union. The problems of irrigation on the vast
scale required to redeem the arid and semi-arid re
gions cannot be adequately dealt with by any power
less than that of the national Government, and he is
but a narrow-minded American who can see in such
i redemption nothing but a local benefit for the dis
tricts where the irrigation will be supplied.
A DEMOCRATIC ELI WANTED.
WHILE Bryan has been sweeping one Demo-
cratic State convention after another into the
old stampede for free silver, the conservative
Democrats are still puffing and panting in the race
after the wild crowd trying to get them back into the
old road. They are making the race with a persis
tency worthy of their cause, and loud are their shouts
to one another, "Get there, Eli, and head them
steers."
William F. Harrity. who has been for some time at
Saratoga talking politics with aristocratic Democrats
from all parts of the country, declares the prevailing
feeling among them is a desire to get rid of Bryan
and bring about a reunion of the party. He says:
"The uppermost thought in the minds of those whom
I casually met was the hope that the Democratic
National Convention of iooo would pursue such a
conservative course that all Democrats and citizens
generally of independent tendencies might cordially
and enthusiastically support the platform and the can
didate."
Similar expressions come from other sources. The
Nashville American recently said: "Mr. Bryan has
unquestionably lost strength with many thinking men
in the South, not only because free coinage has lost
prestige, but because of his indefinite position regard
ing expansion and his weak handling of the trust
question." '
The Philadelphia Times, an independent Democratic
paper, says: "Many of the Democratic leaders be
paper, says: "Many of the Democratic leaders be
lieve, or pretend to believe, that Mr. Bryan will be
lieve, or pretend to believe, that Mr. Bryan will be
renominated as the Democratic candidate for Presi
dent next year, but. fearful and suicidal as have been
the Democratic follies of the past, there is little like
the Democratic follies of the past, there is little like
lihood that the next Democratic National Convention
will select a candidate for President who would be
known from start to finish as the leader of an utterly
known from start to finish as the leader of an utterly
forlorn hope."
From East and West and North and South come
reports of that kind. There is a prevalent desire for
reports of that kind. There is a prevalent desire for
harmony among such Democrats as , can afford to
harmony among such Democrats as can afford to
spend the summer at Saratoga and talk politics over
spend the summer at Saratoga and talk politics over
$10 dinners, there is a belief among sane Democrats
that the rank and file will not be foolish enough to re
that the rank and file will not be foolish enough to re
peat in iooo the crazy stampede of 1896, ahd there "is
peat in 1900 the crazy stampede of 1806, and there is
a conviction among earnest Democrats that Bryan is
not equal to the demands of the new issues before the
country; but what do all these desires, beliefs and
country; but what do all these desires, beliefs and
convictions amount to? They serve but to engender
illusions in the minds of those who cherish them. The
illusions in the minds of those who cherish them. The
wild steers arc following the wilder ass of the Platte
wild steers are following the wilder ass of the Platte
with as much of rampage and recklessness as ever, and
the Eli who is expected to head them off is not visible
on the prairie.
California boys needed just such an opportunity as
was afforded them Thursday to prove '-'that they
brought along with them from the Philippines the
appetites with which they were provided when they
left San Francisco. They didn't do a thing to that
breakfast!
At Vienna the other day a rich banker, having
failed, hanged himself by the neck until he was dead.
An unfeeling telegraph editor labeled the story "An
other Banker Suspends."
Oom Paul apparently has taken for granted the truth
of the saying that the English are a nation of shop
keepers. At least, he has ,made them a number of
counter propositions.
A Japanese, morally and physically diseased, is to
be allowed to land at this port because he is a mer
chant. There is some merchandise that San Francisco
does not want. \ . "'.. y "Px-xX'/X- . '>'
Lynching may now be placed in the category of
luxuries in the South. It costs now, according to the
dispatches, $5000 apiece to hang men without author
ity of law.
A WEEK'S TALES FROM
THE MINING FIELD
The attendance and enthusiasm at the
annual convention of the El Dorado
County Miners' Association at Placer
ville on Saturday evening shows that the
life and the enterprising spirit of the
mining regions are increasing with the
growing mining prosperity. Other county
conventions will early follow, and there
is every promise of Secretary Benjamin
of the California Miners' Association
meeting with great success in his efforts
to stimulate the increase of membership
in the county associations and so further
strengthen the State: association, which
is composed of these federated county
organizations.
A lucky tenderfoot has struck it rich in
the woods about six miles west of old
Fruitvale, Shasta County, in section 3,
township, 33 north, range 2 west, and ere-
ated a rush to the new diggings. A week
or two before James Wilson and wife of
Oakland struck out north for a health
vacation and wisely decided to go far
from the Southern Pacific and close to
nature. They traveled the Fall River
road tor twenty-five miles from Redding
to the old Ben Jenkins place and then
they followed the Ridge road for miles
until they found a deserted old cabin and
settled in it with joy and canned goods.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilson were not after gold,
they knew nothing about mining and no-
body knew anything- about gold being in
those parts. No experienced prospector
was ever fool enough to dig on section 3,
and the old miner who left the cabin long
ago used to strike out over a trail north
by northeast to hills worth exploring.
Wilson decided, however, to be a miner
for a few minutes as well as a fisherman
and child of nature, and took a pick and
shovel and told Mrs. Wilson that he was
going to be a prospector until supper was
ready. He went about 100 yards from the
cabin, keeping, in reach of the supper
voice, and went to digging in an easy
place. As the Redding Searchlight says:
"A£ter working for a quarter of an hour
he struck a small boulder, and throwing
it out of the way, a bed of sparkling gold
I quartz was revealed. Then the novice
I miner, who had struck gold before he had
i started the perspiration, called his wife
j and an Impromptu celebration was held
! upon the spot. The gold stood out in little
clusters. Wilson proceeded to develop his
1 property and found the pocket, if such' it
is, to be extensive. On the day follow-
ing the discovery over $200 was taken
out. Mrs. Wilson brought specimens of
the quartz to Redding, and its unusual
richness is apparent at a glance. How
■ much gold she and her husband have
j taken out the lady did not state, but it
j has already reached a handsome sum.
"People living in the vicinity have
learned of the rich find, and all the
country thereabout is being plastered
with location notices. More than thirty
claims have been located in the vicinity
of the place where the Wilsons made
their strike. Indications of gold, silver
and copper are said to abound."
Many cemeteries here and there, in the
gold mining regions have seen the peace
of the dead disturbed by gold diggers.
Every mountain hamlet has Its little city
of the dead near by, and here and there
these consecrated acres contain gold
enough to pay for working. In some
cases hydraulic miners have come along
with their big flumes and giants and gone
to working the surrounding ground.
Sometimes the bones have been moved to
a patch of ground that could be better
spared to the departed miners by the
live ones, and in some cases the sur
j rounding ground has been sluiced away
! to the line of the cemetery fence, leaving
high and deep banks from which, with
the wear of weather and time, coffins
! would later stick out, overhanging the
i bedrock reached below. One of these au
riferous cemeteries so treated is at
Trinity Center on the upper Trinity
River, where the rest of the deep river
beach has been worked on all sides, leav-
ing a square block of ground thirty or
forty feet high that looms up with raw,
red sides from miles away. There are
others elsewhere that have been so let
alone. * '.-'"•
Other rich cemeteries have had other
troubles, and there Is one up at Colum
bia. Tuolumne County, that has just been
saved by Father Cuerin. who wants to
let the gold rest there under the dead
where the Almighty put it. It seems that
the bedrock in that Catholic cemetery
some distance below the marble crosses
is quite rich, the pay dirt in which the
dead are entombed going sometimes
several dollars to the pan. Joseph
Morris and James Hambleton, although
they had not yet acquired claims in the
burying ground, proceeded some time ago
to "run a tunnel drift out into the pay
dirt and were Stopped. Then they went
-to stealthily doing their tunneling at
night and kept it up for several nights
until their ghastly trespassing was dis-
covered and put a stop to last week by
the good priest in control of the ground.
In the past the adjoining ground was
worked so close to the cemetery that the
fence was undermined. The County Sur
veyor last week staked out the boundaries
of* the consecrated ground and gold dig-
gers will be kept out of it until they have
no more use for nuggets.
There is a little gold excitement in the
mountains in the # interior of Santa Bar
bara County, where there was one three
or four years ago. Last week the County
Recorder received four location notices
by mail from Guadalupe and recorded
them. As location notices are now an
important subject of discussion, the
form of one of these may be of interest.
It is as follows: -'-*- - -r
"Xi PUCK June 16 I*oo
this is to certlf that I Mrs Allice Mo-
Phial and Mrs A Hobson hay Locked all
vakend ground between the Cumbland
and Shonedoah mines running from the
S E End of cumbland to the N. W. End
of the Shanedoah mine about one Mile
North of the schol house in Santa Bar
bara county."
There are a great number of mining
j men in Eos Angeles at the present
; time., says the Los Angeles Times. Many
i of them are here on business connected
i with Southern California properties,
; some buying supplies for their own prop-
erties, others on their way north or
south; others, again, are here with their
; families, taking advantage of the less in
tense heat as compared with that which
usually prevails in other sections at this
period of the year. The majority of them
express the desire to learn more of the
mineral resources of this part of Cali
fornia, and manifest surprise when told
of the number of mines that are being
worked and the value of the metals and
minerals taken out. -\i , 1 „
W. H. Crocker has bonded for Eastern
parties, says the Yreka (Cal.) Journal, the
Reeder and Brown group of quartz ledges
In Fool's Paradise district on Shasta
River, about half way between Hawkins-
vllle and Klamath River, and that they
are to he thoroughly prospected with a
new six-stamp mill. The ledges in that
district have all shown rich prospects,
and good placer mines also exist, which
have not been worked to much extent on
account of the lack of water and want of
means on the part of owners of claims
to build mills, ditches and other Im
provements needed for successful op
erations. - *
Denis Clark, the millionaire mine
owner of Spokane, Wash., who has been
inspecting some mining properties in
San Diego County, has decided not to
INTERIOR PRESS PRAISES THE
CALL'S SOUVENIR EDITION
The Call distanced all of its competitors in getting out a special edition in
honor of the returning volunteers. Its illustrations were the best we have seen in
any newspaper for some time, and the reporters all did themselves proud in their
descriptive work. .»:; . '
Winnemucca Silver State.
The volunteer souvenir edition of The San Francisco Call, which was issued
Thursday, is one of the prettiest pieces of newspaper work that has come to our
tables for a long time. The taste, ability and good sense displayed in getting lt up
does credit not only to The Call, but to Pacific Coast journalism. The horrible
mixture of dirty yellow and glaring red which is becoming a part of the special
editions of many of our metropolitan contemporaries was lacking, and although a
negative features it was one of the most praiseworthy connected with the effort.
- Benicia New Era. '
- The Call easily distanced all its rivals in its Thursday morning's edition, in
which was announced the arrival of the First California heroes. The issue was
really a magnificent one and head and shoulders above anything from any of the
other metropolitan presses on that day.
The Call "put it all over", the other San Francisco dallies yesterday, just like
a coat of paint. The Illustrations In that paper were the best ever printed by a
newspaper on the coast. The wash drawings by :Methfessel, representing the
boys of the gallant. First California in action,' were magnificent. Nothing more
appropriate to the occasion could have been conceived or executed with greater
skill. ; * -Z^pPyPyXi > ' '< * . - ■ Wi
[ purchase the Dewey mine In the grape
' vine district of that county at the price
asked for it— s2oo,ooo.
The Lightner, says the Stockton Inde-
pendent, is the latest mine to attract at-
tention in the mountains near by, the sec-
ond twenty stamps having been started
a few days ago, making forty stamps to
pound up the big vein that is known to
hold out to a depth of nearly 500 feet.
Commencing September lst work will be
rushed on a contract to sink 200 feet deep-
er in the Lightner, and there is no fear
that the vein will not hold out as the
shaft is sunk. So far the mine has de-
veloped better as depth was reached, and
there Is reason to believe the property
will prove one of the best paying deep
mines of the mother lode section in Cal-
averas, barring only the Gwin.
A company is being formed for the pur-
pose of dredging the Tuolumne river be-
tween Roberts Ferry and La Grange for
gold. It is believed that the river channel
has fine gold in paying quantities, and
rights are being obtained for the purpose
of dredging the river. By the process
proposed the debris and gravel in the
river will be dredged and run through
flumes and re-emptied into the river. The
dredging will be done with buckets that
will raise a ton of slickens, which will be
run through a flume on the boat, which is
to be about 60 feet long, and then returned
to the river. Several of the rights have
already been secured and enough ground
will be reserved before the company start
in to justify the large outlay of money re-
quired to give the mining a thorough test.
—Grass Valley Union. '■"■■'• Z'-P,,
Good reports come from the Harris or
Bonanza mine, south of Angels, which is ,
largely owned by Stockton men. A rich |
ledge of rock was recently struck, and i
the vein matter is 40 feet wide at a depth
of 200 feet, with every indication of widen- j
I ing as the shaft goes down. • Old miners
of that section predict that the Harris j
will be one of the richest producers of the
Angels district. The mine adjoins the I
Brunei-, which is one of the good ones, and
is in a locality where there are no fail- |
ures.— Stockton Independent.
In the Coalinga oil district they are cry- I
ing for water to get oil with, as It takes
about fifty barrels a day to drill a well j
and in that arid region water Js scarce. |
Two companies are tunneling for water *
in hills some distance away.
The Lucky Boy quartz mine, located
about four miles from San Andreas, on
the Copperopolis road, has been sold, or
bonded, by its owner, James Waters, to a
Boston syndicate for $10,000, according to |
the Calaveras Citizen. On Wednesday
$1000 was paid down by the bonders and
agreements were signed calling for the
payment of $1000 every six months until !
the total sum of $10,000 shall have been
paid. .
It is the intention of the new owners of
the Lucky Boy to put a steam hoist on the
mine and to sink at least 500 feet on the
ledge. Work is to begin within thirty
days, after which a systematic develop- :
: me'nt of the property is to be made.
Four gold bricks, with a value in the
neighborhood of $10,000, were placed in the
Tuolumne County Bank this week, says i
the Tuolumne Independent. They are ;
from a clean-up at the Longfellow mine,
at Big Oak Flat. Many such consign-
ments from various mines throughout
the county are quietly stored away dur-
ing a month's time. . J,„„*„„(>
The Thorpe Gold Mining Syndicate.of
which Prince Poniatowski is at the head,
has surrendered Its bond on the Thorpe
mine. It is said that the syndicate has
spent over $100,000 on the property.
The Gwin Mine Development Company
has declared dividend No. 9 of 5 cents per
share, amounting to $5000, payable imme
diately, and carries a surplus for the new
40-stamp mill and other works now in
; process of construction. - Calaveras
Chronicle. „  . , ,„_.,_
A mining deal of considerable impor
tance was consummated In San Andreas
on Wednesday last, when J. J. McSorle>
and Prescott Ely secured a bond on the
Hudson the Mester, the Jackson and the
Macchiavelll. a group of four mines situ
■ ated near North Branch, says the Cala-
veras Citizen. These claims are all ad
i joining, running noth and south or nearly
so With the mother lode, the last being
only about two miles from town. These
mines are on the footwall belt of the
i mother lode, and they have been promi
nently mentioned by mining men for years
because of their location in respect of the
trend of the mother lode. Numerous ef-
forts have been made by promoters and j
1 capitalists to bond or buy these properties, |
but without avail. They were owned by i
rich men or persons well able to hold
them, and thus remained idle. |
The Empire copper mine, the property
of Charles Braid, has been sold to the
-\mes estate of Boston. The Empire is
one of the principal mines of the famous
group at Copperopolis. It carries with it
nearly twenty acres of land. The price
paid was $60,000, and of this amount Braid
received $27,500 and the promoters of the
deal the balance. The fact thai the Ames
people -desire to obtain possession , of all
the valuable copper properties in that
town fortells another boom for Copper-
opolis. The mines, which have not been
worked for many years, formerly paid
well It is said that $2,000,000 worth of ore
is now lying ready for the smelter.— Tuol-
umne Independent.
There is quite a revival in the copper
business in the Campo Seco and Ca-
manche regions, too. A furnace is now in \
operation at the latter place and heavy j
machinery is going into that section, once
so lively and prosperous, but which has
been dead for ever so many years.
Some slight changes have been made in
the rates of milling ore at the Barstow
mill It was found that to mill low grade i
ore at $125 per ton there was a small ac- j
tual loss, as the cost was a few cents
more than that. The rates on all ore run-
ning to $20 or less will hereafter be $1 50 !
per ton and $1 25 for freight, making a i
total of $2 75. The company will also buy
the concentrates or permit the parties \
having ore milled to take them away, as !
they prefer. If they buy they will pay 95
per cent of the assay value, less freight j
and smelting charges, which are abqut j
$16 per Randsburg Miner.
i The sale has been closed in San Fran- j
cisco of the Gopher-Boulder and Delma- i
tia mines, with mills and water power, |
near Kelsey. El Dorado County. The |
price paid was between $100,000 and $150.- i
000, cash down. The sale was made
through D. H. Jackson, formerly super- I
intendent of the Holmes mine, Candelaria.
Nev. The seller is W. C. Bell, and the ;
r.ew owners are J. C. Alvarado and others j
of London, England. The property is a I
group of gold quartz mines operating 120 ;
tons a day. The plant is run by electri-
city. Mr. Jackson is to be the superin- !
tendent for the new owners, and seventy
men will find constant employment.—
Record-Union. *** *,-,:
J. Burton, who has been operating the !
Crystal mine and also the Green Moun-
tain hydraulic, both of which properties
are located in Chill Gulch about two miles ;
from this place, has started up another '
mining operation, says the Calaveras i
Chronicle. It seems to be the general !
opinion of all the old miners in this sec- i
tion that there is a "basin" in French j
Hill that has never been "bottomed." Mr.
Burton intends to find out whether this
theory is correct or not. He has started I
a tunnel in Steep Gulch for the purpose I
of "tapping" the basin, work on which
was commenced Monday last. French I
Hill In the early days was the richest spot !
in the State, and there were thousands |
upon thousands of dollars taken out of I
what the miners in those days called "pot I
holes." The claims were sixteen feet !
: square, and old settlers have told us that I
they averaged two ounces per day to the
i man. J. O. DENNY.
.
Visalia Times.
Merced Sun.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The fleet of foreign ships at war U»
Asiatic waters numbers 10b a
Asiatic waters ™mbersflol- « United
Great Britain Is represented by 35 un
States 22. Russia 19, France 10, Germany
8, Italy 5 and Austria and Portugal on
each. _ .
An investigation is being made at the
Devonport dockyard to discover *„
whereabouts of 11.000 gallons of °"v«°"*
which has mysteriously disappeared norn
the storehouse. The value of the missing
oil is about $530?. but the London Times
reports the shortage at 11.000 ton* As
this weight would represent about *£?£?
gallons, which would be worth $1,600,000
lt is evident that the Times has confused
the terms of gallons and tons.
The French torpedo gunboat Hallebarde.
of 300 tons, recently made the trip from
Havre to Cherbourg at a speed of twenty
five knots an hour. The Hallebarde is
what would be denominated a torpedo
boat destroyer in any other navy, and
her speed, while it falls short of thirty
knots, as British boats of that class are
claimed to make, has been intentionally
cut down to that lower figure, as the
naval authorities prefer a reliable speed
to the excessive speed which may or may
not be reached, owing to the extreme
lightness of hull and machinery of ane
British destroyers.
British destroyers.
The new British battleship Ocean expe
rienced some difficulties before she was
able to proceed with her regular steam
trials. During a preliminary trial her
bearings became overheated and had to
be overhauled, and then her steering gear
was discovered to be out of order. On
August 2 the ship passed through the
first series of trials, with the following
results: Thirty hours under one-fifth
power—steam, 210 pounds; revolutions,
66.8; horsepower, 2767; speed, 11.4 knots:
coal consumption, at' the rate of 184
pounds, per - horsepower per hour. The
ship is fitted with twenty Belleville boilers
of the latest improvement, the tubes of
which are of solid drawn steel ranging
from 4% to 2% inches in diameter, and gal
vanized externally. The heating surface
is 35,715 square feet and the grate surface
1035 square feet. Under full power the
machinery is to develop 13.500 horsepow
er, giving a speed of 18% knots. The steam
trials include: First, a preliminary trial
at sea; second, thirty hours' continuous
steaming under one-fifth pressure; third,
thirty hours' steaming under three-fifths
power; fourth, eight hours under full
power.
London Engineering compares the Brit
ish armored cruiser Cressy, in course of
construction, with the Asama, of a similar
type, built at Elswick for the Japanese
navy. It would apear from a comparison
of the data as if the Elswick builders
manage to design highly efficient ships
upon displacements considerably less than
are required by the British admiralty. The
relative dimensions and other data of the
two ships are as follows:
~
•Quick firing.
The Cressy has a water line belt six
inches thick, which, however, does not ex
tend all around, while the Amasa's belt,
of seven-inch maximum thickness, ex
tends from stem to stern, tapering to
three inches at the ends. The Cressy's
citadel armor is six inches, the Amasa's
five Inches. Thus 0n.9700 tons Elswick
builds a faster and heavier aVmed ship
than the British admiralty produce on
12,000 tons. The discrepancy is so great
as to be accounted for only in the possible
fact that the supply of ammunition is
much greater to each gun in the British
ship than that allotted to the Japanese.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DE YOUNG— N. N., City. cnaries ac
Young was shot and killed in San Fran
cisco April 23, 1880.
HUDSON— N. C. C. City. The popula
tion of Hudson, Mich., is estimated at
about 3000.
HUNCHBACK OF NOTRE DAME— N.
N C City. The principal characters in
"The 'Hunchback of Notre Dame" are
Quassimodo and Esmeralda.
BACK DATES-W. J. W., City. The
year 1876 was a leap year. The Ilth of
November that year fell on a Saturday
md the same date in 1878 fell on a Mon
day. :
THE LEGISLATORS— E. B. M., City.
THE LEGISLATORS— E. B. M., City.
rhe Call of December 9, 1898, has a full
ist of the members of the last held Legis
lature, together vith the postofflce ad-
Iress of each. ■
WOMEN ARCHITECTS— L. C, City.
rhere are no women architects In San
Prancisco. At the Mark Hopkins Insti
ute of Art there is a school of architecture
;vhere women, if they feel so inclined, can
>nter as students.
POETS OF AMERICA— H. P.. Han
lord, Cal. "The Poets of America" was
Dublished by the American Publishing
Association. Thomas W. Herrlngshaw, a
publisher of Chicago, 111., was the com
piler. He is still in that city. .
GERMAN MEN-OF-WAR— A. S., City.
rhe German cruiser Geier is not the first
German man-of-war that has entered the
larbor of San Francisco. The Leipzig,
\lexandrine and Sophie were in this nar-
Dor in 1881, they having arrived on the
Ith of June of that year. '
FREEZE OUT POKER-E. B. M.vClty.
[f A, B and C sit down to a gaftie of
freeze out, A goes it blind. B and C call
ifter the draw; B passes, as also does C.
A. makes a bet, B calls and raises the
act and A on calling finds that B has beat
ilm, throws up his hand, C has no right
to demand a snow of the hand.
The Last Straw Coming.
Sacramento Bee.
It Is becoming to be a matter of gen
eral belief that there is a degree of prob
ibillty that an extra session of the Legis
lature will be called for the purpose of
sleeting D. M. Burns as the United States
3enator, although the ostensible object
In view will be the patching up of the
Vrooman cat. * •• ■:..-
If the Legislature of the State of Cali
fornia is called into session for the pur
pose of electing D. M. Burns United
states Senator and does elect him to that
office, the next Legislature will be a Dem
ocratic Legislature, and the next Gov
ernor of the State of California will be a
Democrat. :"*..*' ,v.y
The people will stand a great many
things, but they will not stand every
thing. ■ "22-x.p- pxr. ; ..
-. ■ ♦ * 1
glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
..- - — ■ ♦ — -y-.y--
Special information supplied daily to
justness houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
A marriage license was recently is
sued In Kentucky to William Bird.
aged 70, and Mary Chaff, aged 22. This
would indicate that an old bird may be
caught by chaff after all.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes.','- For sale 'by. druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 26c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CO RON A DO— Take advantage
of the round trop tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. including . fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisoo.
Very Low Bates East.
.On August 29 and 30. the papular Santa Vt
route will sell tickets to Philadelphia and re
turn at the very low rate of $88 85. Occa
sion, National Encampment, G. A. R. Call at
628 Market st. for full particular!.-^-,^_, ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION.
PATTOSIEN'S
BARGAINS 4^ LADIES'
BARGAINS - LADIES'
ON SALE Sk Mm DRESSERS
The Most AttractWe Store In the City. I I 'nas French
The Most Attractive Store In the City. 1 i. |-j Has French
The Furnished Cottage First floor a ftgfe II mirror, etc.
The Picture Display Second floor 1 I */■** THIB BARGAIN
The Drapery Display Second floor •-*** _%__%. FLOOR.
Carpets, rugs and mattings.
Carpets, rugs and mattings.
Most liberal price reductions ln new fresh goods to tempt you out to
the Mission this week— a mammoth de-
■rtTT^ tfr-^iSSV. partment — overflowing with economy —
(^^S^^^J-x\r foGV^A^V--^ don't risk dissatisfaction with high
JBff4&^sjZ.i\^~. \J£tt~i\Z**-~~~. don't ri-k dissatisfaction with high
|**S*X*/X/^|*.» \J^mii^S^) prices elsewhere come to headquarters
jf^^'l^E^S^^g^^^^TTD. INGRAIN CARPETS, all wool, extra
jeP^vSfsftS]^^^^//KWx-^Sx^^t super full standard quality, choice se-
$^&*^&^' ¥^sss&V-3| super full standard quality, choice se-
:Xi^%rS\^^^X-nl^ f-fep^^Kgl lection of new patterns—
il^ -^' mnN SMITHS TAPESTRY BRUSSELS
•-— . *^ss^j_\'i ■■■" i i -*' — "**■*-» CARPETS— A choice line of new and
handsome designs, the best value in
the market — regular price 75c f\(\r
GENUINE WILTON VELVETS AND i >-ard \J\J\*
ROYAL AXMINSTER CARPETS— Ex- '„„„_, „„„„ . . , ...
tra quality, choice assortment of new ; SMYRNA RUGS-A cho cc selection of
patterns for parlors, hall and stairs, ; ™°°] Smyrna rugs in rich colors and
with and without borders; Cl in ?„es!gn.s,:„size, 30^°-Ln- rep^ai. -R^
regular value $1.50 yard s>"-'^ 12.75. $1.:.0: ; size 36x,2, regU $2.50
BODY BRUSSELS CARPETS-The 'I"PF °6 *35 *
finest qualities made, including Low-
ell. Bigelow and other flne makes, in 9x12 SMYRNA RUGS— best grade
a splendid variety of Fall patterns, : ever offered for the price; new
ln parlor, hall and stair designs, with spring designs — well CIQ 00
and without borders; regular*C| IC worth $22.50 vpiJtVV
value $1.40 yard «4>1..£3
CHINA MATTINGS, plain and fancy , SCOTCH LINOLEUMS— Best quality,
weaves, large assortment of patterns, '- handsome new effects, in tile and
regular 30c and 40c qualities; -IC,, floral patterns; regular price Hflr
sale price ■4J*«' 65c per square yard JUL
Only a few items here to give you an idea what you can expect from
the finest furniture department in the West. Our regular prices com-
pare favorably with others' so-called sale prices.
ELEGANT COMBINATION COTTON MAT- C/f Hfl : •
TRESSES, with flne quality ticking 35T-.3U : :
HEAVY WELL MADE IRON BED, with 11-16 CQ Hfl * YOUr money :
in. post— *J)ZJ*ZJ\J : . , :
SOLID GOLDEN OAK EXTENSION TABLES C*7 flfl - "UyS SatlSfaC- :
highly finished .' 3>/ .UU : +jon „- wpii :
A FIRST-CLASS DURABLE COUCH, six rows COCA • i •
tufting, pretty coverings C5C5.3U :3S merchan- :
QUARTERED GOLDEN OAK- ROCKER, highly finished, ! (Use here. !
cobbler or saddle seats, finely carved chairs to CO CA ' **y*y* .
match— value at $4 : :
ALL ROADSTEAD TO PATTOSIEN %
MISSION AND SIXTEENTH STS. THEATER BUILDING, SAN JOSE.
MISSION AND SIXTEENTH STS. THEATER BUILDING, SAN JOSE.
CORNERSTONE
IS LAID WITH
MANY PRAYERS
♦
New Richmond Con-
*
gregational Church.
NOTED DIVINES PRESENT
>
CEREMONIES ARE IMPRESSIVE
AND BEAUTIFUL.
♦
Dr. Bevan and Dr. Hailey, of Mcl-
bourne, and Rev. Mr. Desha and
Rev. Mr. Emerson, of Hon
olulu, Make Addresses.
-—
With fervent prayers and beautiful sa- I
cred music the cornerstone of Richmond j
Congregational Church, at Seventh avenue j
end Clement street, was laid yesterday |
afternoon at 3 o'clock. Rev. Dr. Bevan, j
L.L. D., who has been for many years :
the pastor of the First Congregational i
Church of .Melbourne, Australia, placed
th© symbolic mass of granite in its pre
pared niche with the solemn words, "I '
declare that this stone has been well and
duly laid In the name of the Father, the
Bon and the Holy Ghost."
The services in the half-finished struct
ure were begun with the singing of St. ]
Martin's hymn. The invocation, by Rev.
F. I. Wheat, followed, and Professor R.
R. Lloyd then read selected passages from
the scriptures.
Rev. F. B. Cherington of Plymouth Con
gregational Church made a few remarks.
He said In conclusion:
"We are assembled to-day for no other
purpose than to lay the cornerstone of a
building that shall help souls as they
reach up for God. God grant it that this
building shall be a meeting place of those
■who worship in spirit and in truth."
Rev. J. H. Warren, D. D., made a brief
but eloquent address.
"If I didn't believe in the future," he
eaid, "I wouldn't be here, and if you didn't
believe in the future you wouldn't be here,
in such a place as this, on such a day as
this. But because I believe in a golden
age a golden age better than any one has
ever hoped for, that will make the world
what it ought to be, I am here, and glad
to be here."
Rev. William C. Pond, Rev. William
Rev. William C. Pond, Rev. William
Rader and Rev. G. C. Adams followed
with five-minute addresses of congratula
tions and earnest prayers for the future.
Rev. Mr. Frary of Pomona also made a few
remarks in response to the Invitation of
the pastor. Rev. Philip Coombe, to whose
earnest efforts much of the present pros
perity of the church is due.
Rev. Dr. Hailey of Melbourne, the sec
retary of the Congregational Union of
Australia; Rev. J. Kanhane, Rev. S. L.
Desha and Rev. O. P. Emerson, all of
Hawaii, were present at the services and
made a few remarks, Rev. S. L. Desha
speaking in Hawaiian. These divines are
on their wav to the International Congre
gational Council, to be held in Boston in
the near future.
After the laying of the cornerstone Rev.
S. H. Willey offered a prayer, the bene
diction was then pronounced and the ser
vices were over. The choir, which con
sisted of Mrs. J. L. Reeve, Mrs. McCloud,
Miss Maguire, Mr. Taylor. Mr. Lowe and
Mr. Pinkerton, rendered several beautiful ,
selections during the afternoon.
RICHMOND METHODIST
CHURCH DEDICATED
The dedication services of Richmond
Methodist Church were held yesterday
tfternoon at half-past 2 o'clock. The
»retty little structure on Fourth avenue,
tear ClenK.it street, was crowded with
Jie zealous workers, whose efforts to se
ture a permanent home for their church
tad been finally crowned with success. .*•
The servies, which were conducted wjr.
Rev •U.W. Case. D.D., begun with the
singing of several hymns by the congre
gation, led by J. A McGaw. A fervent
prayer for the succes- of the church was
then offered by Rev. W. M. Woodward.
The present financial condition of the or
ganization and the contributions which
had aided in the erection of the building
were set forth by H. H. rhnen, the treas
urer, and E. 11. Wilcox, the financial sec
retary.
Rev. George Baugh, the pastor, followed
with a brief address, giving a sketch of
the origin and growth of the organization.
At the conclusion of the pastor's ad
dress the lessons from the Scripture were
read by Rev. F. C. Lee and Rev. T. ii
Woodward. Dr. W. W. Case, Dr. C. E
Locke, Dr. J. N. Beard, Rev. W. M
Woodward, I. J. Truman and C. B. Per
kins made short addresses of congratula
tion and guidance.
The formal presentation of th* church
by the trustees, led by William Abbott,
concluded the beautiful and Impressive
service, by which the new structure was
set apart to the work of God.
SOUTHERN LYNCHINGS.
Rev. T. Brown Discusses the Negro
Outrages and Their Solution at
A. M. E. Zion Church.
Rev. T. Brown delivered a strong ser
mon on the recent outrages in the South
and the solution of the race question at
A. M. E. Zion Church last night. He said
in brief:
"Since there is no law by which the
lynchers of the land can be punished,
and since public sentiment has become
30 biased on the question of justice to all
American citizens, the question of the
law of necessity can legally be raised.
There is not a nationality on the face of
the civilized globe which does not In
some way indicate to the negro that they
are his superiors. Such is the outgrowth
of the greatest age in the world's his
tory-
"Lynching has become a mania with
the American people. Guilty or not guilty,
lynching must be done. My heart goes
out to all who suffer the fate of lynching
or other injustice. But another day will
come. Let us wait on the Lord and on
him alone."
♦
AN INTERNATIONAL INSTITUTE.
Dr. Gilbert Reid's Striking Sermon at
Calvary Presbyterian Church.
Calvary Presbyterian Church.
Dr. Gilbert Reid delivered a striking ser
mon at Calvary Presbyterian Church yes
terday morning on the "Relations of
Christian Nations to China."
Dr. Reid ls the head of a proposed in- j
ternational institute to be established in
Peking through the support of different I
nationalities, and is now in his way back
to China to organize the work of the in
stitute. He said in the conclusion of his
address:
"There Is now an unusual opportunity
to show China the worth of Chris
tianity by showing in these internatonal
relatons justice, fair play and gener
osity."
"CATHOLIC FAITH."
Rev. Father Sasia of St. Joseph's
Church, San Jose, Preaches at
St. Ignatius.
The Rev. Father Sasla, now attached
to the Church of St. Joseph at San Jose,
preached an abie discourse at St. Ignatius
yesterday morning. He said in part:
"Whoever understands well the para
mount importance of religious truth and
comprehends, accordingly, its Immenese
superority over all other knowledge, can
not help admitting that among the many
gifts lavished by God's infinite goodness
on His Intelligent creatures here below
there is none more precious in its char
acter, more substantial in its nature and
more beneficial in its results than the gift
of supernatural divine Catholic faith. In
fact, even in this nineteenth century of
ours, with all its progress of modern civ
ilization in every sphere of secular learn
ing, in every field of scentific research,
what, I ask, should we know, for In
stance, of this single truth, the purpose
or object of our brief existence ln this
lower world, without the touch of heav
enly faith, .without the light from above,
which, like the beacon set on the moun
tain, top, guides the tempest tossed mari
ner into the harbor of safety?"
"CONSECRATION TO GOD."
Rev. T. Caraher Preaches to a Large
Audience at St. Francis Church.
At 11 o'clock mass yesterday Rev.
Father Caraher preached to a large con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1899.
OUR GALLANT FIRST
EXTROLLED BY A
PATRIOTIC PULPIT
THE home-coming of the First Cali
fornia Regiment was the theme of
many eloquent discourses ln the
churches of San Francisco yesterday.
Pulpits resounded with tributes to the
valor of the volunteers and lessons were
. drawn from their eagerness to defend
I Old Glory. The magnificent spectacle
witnessed during the past week was
dwelt on at length, as was also the senti
ments which actuated the citizens of this
State to enter into such an elaborate re
; ception to the returning heroes. In many
i of the churches patriotic music waa ren
; dered in honor of the occasion.
WJiJIT SEJ_TI.ME.NT JiJIS
DONE FOR, OUR BOYS
DO.NE FOR OUR BOYS
"The Home Coming of the Boys" was
' the subject of an able sermon yesterday
; morning by the Rev. Herbert N. Bevier.
\ In part he said:
California In general and the city ln parti
j cular has been mightily swayed by sentiment
during the past week. Sentiment has opened
hearts and purse strings. Sentiment has Illu
• minated our Etreets -with bright lighting ; given
[ us an evening in Venice, and in so doing pro
duced some of the moat noble night pictures
j the land has ever seen. Sentiment has woven
garlands of holly and olive; turned thorough
fares into boulevards by borrowing of the firs
and the palms; made suppers and twined flow
ers and given the boys who went to war a
homecoming worthy of the uame. California
resolved that no State should outdo her in the
magnificence and splendor of her welcome and
has magnificently kept her resolve.
Sentiment has kept the whole State on the
tiptoe of expectancy for the arrival of a cer
tain ship. San Francisco has ships come and
go every hour of the day, yet this ship has
been so eagerly watched for that news of her
arrival by ordinary process could not answer
for our eagerness. No, we must send an elec
tric impulse from the heart of the ocean across
seven miles of boiling sea to tell our people
that the ship had been sighted, and. when
sighted, half the city most go to boats and the
other half to the hilltops to express their Joy.
Love of home and the homeland, gratitude and
gregation at St. Francis Church. The
pastor spoke on the "Consecration of
Christendom to the Sacred Heart." He
said:
To consecrate an object is to set lt apart and
devote it to some sacred purpose. When you
consecrate yourselves to the sacred heart of
our Lord you set apart, as lt were, and devote
yourself to Its love, homage and adoration.
Excellent music was rendered by the
choir, which consists of the following
members: Mrs. B. F. Sides, Miss Vlautln,
A. F. Woodbridge and T. G. Walsh.
In the evening Father McDonnell
preached to a crowded congregation on
"Devotion to the Sacred Heart."
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Contrary to Expectations Soldiers
Were Not Much in Evidence.
Although the people were tired and full
of sightseeing after viewing the splendid
pageant in honor of California's boys
home from the Philippines, they gathered
again at the park and other recreation
places yesterday. Doubtless many of the
many crowds anticipated an opportunity
of seeing the boys out of parade and pos
sible opportunities of conversing with
them regarding their experiences on the
firing line, but they were disappointed.
The boys perhaps preferred to rest yes
terday. In any event they were not
much in evidence.
During the past week there were re
ceived at the Park Museum two splendid
models inVstucco of the giant octopus or
cuttlefish, made and presented by Pro
fessor Ward of Rochester, N. Y. These
models are life-size and caused consider
able interest and comment. Thomas
Hevdenfeldt of 1040 Post street has do
nated a collection of ethnological speci
mens made and used by the natives of
the Philippines. There are twenty-eight
pieces in the collection, and, owing to the
present war, the specimens attracted
considerable attention.
The usual interested crowd assembled
at the Chutes yesterday. The new illu
sion and the ever-entertaining Zoo,
coupled with the many other attractions,
served their purpose and the crowd en
joyed the day. Adgie and her lions are
on the bill for next week.
Many people watched the sport at
Sutro Baths. Following are the results
of the aquatic contests: 50-yard dash
(novice), F. Neal, Al Cook: 100-yard dash
(juvenile). H. Seebach, A. Smith; 100-yard ,
dash (amateur), open to all, R. Dahl, E.
Smith; tub race, 100-yard dash, C.
Augustus, B. Wells, H. Olsen; trick and
fancy springboard diving, J. O'Brien, A.
Peters; high diving. C. Donovan, J. Cook.
■ ■ — ■
FUNERAL OF MRS. DUNN.
Victim of Ptomaine Poisoning In-
terred in Masonic Cemetery. .
The Interment of the remains of Mrs.
Jane L. Dunn, whose sudden death last
i Wednesday shocked a large circle of
i friends and prostrated the members of
[ her family, took place yesterday in Ma
sonic Cemetery. Mrs. Dunn's death was
caused by eating overripe muskmelon. in
which deadly ptomaines were found when
an examination was made after her de
mise, j . _ .
As president and one of the most popu
lar members of the Forum Society, Mrs.
Dunn wielded a wide influence. She was
a deep student in social affairs and a
i woman of many charities and numbered
! warm friends by, the score. These at
i tended the funeral services- yeserday,
I which were held at the family residence,
! 1218 Hyde street. The services were of
the simplest character. At the request of
the family there were no flowers, save
those which her fellow club members in-
sisted upon bringing.
The members of the Forum Club attend
ed in a body and accompanied the funeral
, cortege to the grave. Mr«. Dunn left a
| husband and two sons and one daughter
* to mourn her loss.
A. Chinawoman Commits Suicide.
Chew Deck, a Cninawoman residing at
1 Waverly place, hanged herself yester
day forenoon with a piece of cloth, which
she made fast to a board, tying the
other end about her neck. It was stated
to the Coroner's deputies that the woman
had for some time been sligthly dement
ed. Otherwise no cause appeared why
she should seek her own life. Her body
was removed to the Morgue.
He Did Not See the Procession.
August Shoenfeld, a grocer, residing at
18 Clara street, while making prepara
tions to take his family to see Saturday
night's procession, fell in a faint at his
store. He lingered until yesterday fore
noon, when he died. His death was re
ported to the Coroner's offlce and his
body removed to the Morgue. Deceased
was a native of Germany and leu. a
widow and several children.
■ ■ ** * -.
Keith's leading millinery house for tho
new walkers. 808 Market street. :•>
Joy all have Joined to produce one of the
noblest outbursts of sentiment the land has
ever known. All hearts are better for it. The
boys will know their heroism, sufferings and
sacrifices are appreciated and the heart of the
State will beat true to the nation's heart on
account of this genuine spontaneity.
SOLDIER'S PROMI.NE.NT
. PLJICE m .HISTORY
Rev. William Rader. pastor of the Third
Congregational Church, delivered an able
sermon last night on "The Soldier." His
text was Second Timothy iv:7— "I have
fought a good fight. I have finished my
course. I have kept the faith." He said:
The soldier occupies a prominent place ln
The soldier occupies a prominent place ln
history. In Rome Caesar is as great as Cicero:
in England Cromwell is as great as Beacons
field and In our own country no name in let
ters outshines the names of Grant and Dewey.
The Bible Is full of great soldiers. During the
past week our city has been profoundly stirred
by the return of the California Volunteers. The
greeting given this regiment equals that given
Napoleon on his return to Parts, the German
army in Berlin and the grand review In Wash
ington after the war. San Francisco made
history last week.
The speaker then developed the quali
| ties of the soldier as they apply to life.
• and spoke upon sacrifice, obedience and
I courage, saying that the price of all vic
| tory, whether in the life of the nation or
! the individual, was battle.
SY.MPJn\HY FOR
WEEPIES MOTHERS
Rev. J. George Gibson of the Emmanuel
Baptist Church yesterday morning deliv
ered a sermon on "The Weeping Moth
ers," parts of which brought tears to the
eyes of his congregation. He chose his
text from Judges v:23— mother
looked out at a window and cried, "Why-
Is his chariot so long in coming?' " In
part he said:
A mother's love is the greatest thing In the
world. She loves her boy when he ls fighting
on the right side, and she still loves him when
in the estimation of others he fights on the
wrong side. Love is superior to political con
siderations. To-day while thousands are re
joicing It seems right that we should bow our
heads and whisper words of sympathy into the
ears of those fond mothers whose sons will
never return.
War is a terrible thing. Every victory brings
sorrow to some hearts. In San Francisco to
day and in Spain there are white faces watch
ing the Joyous procession and weary lips ask
ing, "Why does my boy not come back?" War
is a rough, rough way of putting things right,
a way of sorrow. The. mother love reminds us
that In human nature there is still much of
the divine. The mothers of our land and the
mothers of the other land bend over their dead
and love them because they were brave.
It ls woman's work to wait and be disap
pointed more than man's. It is easier to go
and fight than stay at home and watt. It re
quires less courage to go Into the busy world
and work than it does to step aside and wait.
Men work, women wait. I would rather work.
They are waiting for us ln the day time when
we return heme, and at night they wait on us
when we are sick. What wonder if the anx
ious look gets Into their faces.
And these waiting mothers amid all the Joys
SURPRISE AT
FIRST CHURCH
An Interesting Wedding to
Be Followed by a Ter
n Parting.
At the First Congregational Church last
evening Miss Lulu Snider, daughter of
Mrs. Andrew Snider and sister of Miss
Charlotte Beckwith, who is so delight-
fully associated with the Tivol Opera
Company in the minds of local theater
goers, became the bride of Spencer J.
Johnson Jr. The ceremony was performed
by the Rev. George C. Adams, ln the
presence of the entire congregation.
The announcement made by Mr. Adams
at the colse of the services last night that
he had been commissioned to invite the
congregation to remain and witness a
wedding was the first Intimation that
many of Miss Snider's friends had that
she had selected that as her wedding
day. The date was originally fixed for.
the 17th of September, but Air. Johnson,
l who Is inspector for the Continental In
surance Company, and who is prominent
in business circles in Chicago, received an
unexpected telegram last Friday sum-
moning him to that city. It was on. that
account that the wedding was hastened.
Miss Snider, who for the past few
months has occupied the position of lead-
ing soprano in the First Congregational
Church, was in her usual place In the or
gan loft last evening.
i After Mr. Adams' announcement she
I descended to the chancel rail, accom
panied by her bridesmaid, Miss Laura
Meigs. Here she was met by the groom,
attended by Dr. W. S. Porter, who acted
as best man. The bride was attired in a
gray "going away' gown, with velvet
toque to match.
Immediately after the service supper
was served at the home of the bride's
mother, 1317 Leavenworth street. The
house was tastefully decorated with red
roses, waving ferns and huckleberry
branches. In the dining room the na
! tional colors were prominent, two im
mense American flags forming a canopy
in the large bay window. The table was
trimmed with red carnations, placed there
by Miss Beckwh.i's loving hands, and at
each plate was a dainty favor of red,
white and blue.
Mr. Johnson will leave for the East to
night, where he will be Joined a month
later by his bride. Chicago will be their
future home. -.
Rush of Blood to the Head.
George Burke of Company I, First Cali
fornia Regiment, was picked up at the
corner of Stockton and Market streets
BEST IN
THE WORLD.
Dp. McLaughlin's
Dp. McLaughlin's
Electric Belt.
The ELECTRIC BODY BELT, by which I
apply my new method of treatment, is the
best in the world: strongest, most durable,
most expensively made, most convenient to
use, most effective in curing. Upon these
points I will guarantee it upon a bond of 15000.
With all this, an electric belt can do no
good without knowledge of how to apply it.
This ls my method, learned In the past twenty
years, in which I have cured 50,000 oases. I
give every patient the benefit of my experience,
hence the many cures after everything else
has failed. * -'X-
You feel the current at once. No burning.
but a gentle, soothing warmth. Warranted
one year, without any . expense for renewals.
Call and see it, or write for book, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St.. cor. Kearny, S. F.; Burdick
702 Market St.. cor. Kearny, S. F.j Burdick
Block, cor. Spring and Second Sts., Los An-
geles.
Office Hour*-- a. ra. to 8:30 p. m.: Sundays,
10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
are sad to-day. Their sons are not with the
returning heroes. The Golden Gate for them
was far away beyond the confines of earth.
They do not have the poor privilege of looking
on the upturned face and the folded hands.
And still they wait, unable to convince them
selves that their boys will never return.
"GOD BLESS YOU,
BRAVE SOLDIERS"
In closing his sermon on "The Enemies
of the Home," last evening Rev. Charles
Edward Locke of the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church said:
I cannot close this discussion on the home
j circle without assuring the noble boys of the
i California Regiment of our sincere delight in
j receiving them home, safe anil well. We have
been Justly proud of your patriotism, self-sacri
fice and valor and during these long months
you have been continually in our love and
prayers. As you have been welcomed into the
I State and city, so we welcome you into our
: temple and homes. May God bless you and
; make you brave citizens because of your ex-
I perience in real war. There are great battles
to be fought in these days at home and we
I ask you to help us in the conflicts of peace.
PATRIOTISM IS JI
CIVIC VIRTUE
Rev. E. Nelander of the First English
Lutheran Church preached on a patriotic
theme yesterday morning. His subject
was, "The Pnilippine Earthquake." In
part he said:
During the past year we have all been pro
foundly moved by national and international
Issues. No one that loved his country could
be disinterested. A sorry citizen is he whose
soul has not been stirred during the past week.
Patriotism is not only a civic virtue, it is
Christian duty. But is there, after all, any
current event to be compared with the tragedy
on Gol^atha? or any happening that can so
profoundly concern us as the revelation of
I God's mercy to our souls?
about 1 o'clock yesterday morning suffer
ing from what was feared to be a con
cussion of the brain. He became con
scious a few hours later and was sent to
the Presidio. Dr. Stephen, who attended
him, diagnosed his case as a temporary
rush of blood to the head.
AMUSEMENTS.
Sick Women a. Advised to Seek
Advice of Mrs. Pinkham.
[LETTER TO MR3. PINKHAM NO. 94,863]
"I had inflammation and falling
I of the womb, and inflammation of
i ovaries, and was in great pain. I took
' medicine prescribed by a physician,
! but it did me no good. At last I heard
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
! pound, and after using it faithfully I
am thankful to say I am a well women.
I I would advise all suffering women to
seek advice of Mrs. Pinkham." — Mrs.
G. H. Chappell, Grant Park, 111.
.
" For several years my health was
V For several years my health was
miserable.' I suffered the most dread-
ful pains, and was almost on the verge
of insanity. I consulted one of the
best physicians in New York, and he
i pronounced my disease a fibroid tumor,
advising an operation without delay,
saying that it was my only chance for
life. Other doctors prescribed strong
and violent medicine, and one said I
was incurable, another told me my
only salvation was galvanic batteries,
which I tried, but nothing relieved me.
One day a friend called and begged me
to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. I began its use and took
I several bottles. From the very first
i bottle there was a wonderful change
I for the better. The tumor has disap-
peared entirely and my old spirits have
returned. I heartily recommend your
i medicine to all suffering women." —
I Mrs. Van Cleft, 416 Saunders Aye.,
j Jersey City Heights, N. J.
v 5
Choicest fRUiTs.WiNES.VEGE- .
Choicest Fruits.Wines.Vege-
-tables. Grains & Grasses
fc^^QP fALIFORNIA<- -g^
A GTOAT &10C& SWWJ.
A GTCKt;StOC& SYNW.
fl§Q\cjfs Dltertair\meT\t.
EXHIBITs'TRANSPORTED fm
Excursion Rates To Visitors.
Write for Particulars
Vorite FOR I>arTICULARs.
HITCHCOCK SCHOOL
IiTCHGOCK SCHOOL
(LATE SELBORNE),
S.A.2ST IIJi.JFJLEIIL,. v
This school will reopen on August 29, with
This school will reopen on August 29. with
handsome new buildings, heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has aepa-
rate room, chcice of bedrooms on flrst and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
stoves no flues In boys' quarters. . The nearest
approach to a fireproof school. Arrangements
have been made for. boarding pupils and carry-
ing on the school in the Hotel Rafael until tha
buildings are completed. For catalogues, testi-
monials and reference* apply to the principal,
REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK, Sao Rafael.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
•1-* ■!■» ■!■ >•].»■;.» -H -|.» ■!■> 4.^4.^-4. ».fre.i.« -I1 • .fr «■!■>■>> ■;■»■!■• ■!■♦ •l-*-l** fr**-;
•!■♦ ■!■>■ i- >.fre.t.».].«. ;. » .^ » 4.^-4.^-^. ♦ .j. » ■!.♦ .i» ♦.;.<■ \ »■>♦•}■♦ 'I-e-I-e ■:•»■!■♦ •!■♦•;
ESTABLISHED ISS©
ESTABLISHED 1869
Visitors to the City
Visitors to the City
■
Are respectfully invited to examine our -
large and varied stock of seasonable
large and varied stock of seasonable
goods, including everything desirable
goods, including everything desirable
and in demand in the line of Staple and
and in demand in the line of Staple and
Fancy Dry Goods and Boys' and Chil-
Fancy Dry Goods and Boys' and Chil-
i dren's Clothing. i
dren's Clothing. \
To our regular patrons as well as
To our regular patrons as well as
visitors we specially recommend the
visitors we specially recommend the
following:
following:
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
Black English Cheviot, all wool, 58 Inches wide, at 91 25 per yard.
GOLOr*.*_D DRESS GOODS.
COLOHhD DRESS GOODS.
For one week commencing on Monday, 28th Inst. — Crepaa and Novelty
For one week commencing on Monday, 28th Inst.— Crepaa and * Sfoveltjr.**
effects in mixed suitings, 10c per yard.
Navy Blue Serge, 52 inches wide, 29c per yard. ci
LADIES* JACKETS.
LADIES* JACKETS.
Ladles' Kersey Cloth Jackets, ln black, nary and tan. fly er double-
breasted fronts, faced with silk, tallor-flnlshed seams; extra rains at
97 50 each.
COMFORTERS.
COMFORTERS. \
Five cases Bed Comforters, fnll size for donble beds, fine white eottoa
filling and covered with pretty sllkollne, tufted, the soft, fluffy kind; ex-
cellent value for 91 IS each. _
LADIES NECKWEAR.
LADIES' NECKWEAR.
Stocks. Collarettes and Jabots ln new styles and complete ■■■i.v tmiwiW
at prices from 91 OO to 93 50 each. <*
HOSIERY.
HOSIERY.
Ladles' Fast Black Cotton Hose, full finished with donble heels and
soles; excellent value at 10c, 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c per pair. -
REAL OSTRICH EEATHER BOAS.
REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.
An entirely new stock, which, owing to our having placed orders prey-
ious to the advance in Ostrich Feathers, we will continue to sell at the
old prices, Including our line of elegant Collarettes and 88, 46 and M
Inch Boas In black, French gray and white colors. i
(Miw Murphy Building:, /
IFIw Murphy Building:, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
WOMAN'S BREAST AND MAN'S LIP
tseen in my of-
fjl? I flees. Lady at-
|^^g^hWoman'3 Breast
Woman' 3 Breast
And if allowed to get large always poisons the
And if allowed to get large always poisons the
glands ln the armpit. When cancer in the
armpit gets large cure ls almost impossible.
BOOK. SENT F=*REE
I With addressee and testimonials of thousands
I I have cured ln California.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S-F.
S.R. CHAMLEY, M.0., 25 Third St., S-F.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM.
E7Send this to some one. with cancer.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
MECHANICS' PAVILION
DON'T FORGET
DON'T FORGET
THE DATE.
THE DATE.
MECHANICS' FAIR
MECHANICS' FAIR
Philippine" exhibit
Philippine" exhibit
OPENS SATURDAY NIGHT, SEPT. 2
OPENS SATURDAY NIGHT, SEPT. 2
REMEMBER
REMEMBER
THE NICHT.
THE NICHT.
Double S»ason Tickets tJo.OO
Double Season Tickets $5.00
Single Admission 25c
Children lOc
CHUTES AND ZOO
CHUTES AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW
BEGINNING TO-DAY
BEGINNING TO-DAY
ADGIE AND HER LIONS.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS.
And MOVING PICTURES Showing the AR-
And MOVING PICTURES Showing the AR-
RIVAL OF THE SHERMAN
And
MARCH of the FIRST UP VAN NESS AYE.
100 FEET OF LIVE PYTHONS IN THE ZOO!
Visit "Dawn," the Parisian Illusion.
Visit "Dawn," the Parisian Illusion.
Phone for Seats— Steiner ISSL
CAN ENJOY HOURS AT THE
CAN ENJOY HOURS AT THE
| I BATTLE I
I BATTLE I
OP
MANILA
MANILA
Market Street, near Eighth.
Market Street, near Eighth.
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS.
GALIFORNIAJOLUNTEERS.
MONSTER BENEFIT TO
MONSTER BENEFIT TO
JOHN W. SLADE,
JOHN W. SLADE,
THE HERO OF SAN PEDRO MACATI.
THE HERO OF SAN PEDRO MACATI.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
SATURDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
SATURDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 2. 1899.
A SPECIAL SALE OF RESERVED SEATS
A SPECIAL SALE OF RESERVED SEATS
AND BOXES will be held ■at SHERMAN &
CLAY'S on MONDAY AND TUESDAY.'
AUGUST 28 and 29, between the hours of 10
a. m. and 4 p. m. Address all communications
to E. R. MOSS, room 209, Emma Spreckels
building.
MU. T. HBSS,
MU. T. HBSS.
HOTABY POdLIO AKD ATTORNBY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1014, Claus Spreckele Bid*.
„ Telephone Brown 93:.
Residence, B*l Cailfornla st., below Powell.
Franciaco. —.-;*. * ,
■*="^=^^^^^*^^^^=""""^^Z=Zl^=^Z=^Z=ZZZ====*.
AMUSEMENTS.
FELIX MORRIS AND COMPANY
FELIX MORRIS~AND COMPANY
IN REPERTOIRE.
IN REPERTOIRE.
MOULIERE SISTERS.
MOULIERE SISTERS.
ARNOLD GRAZER and
LA PETITE HAZEL.
APOLLO.
CARON and HERBERT.
HALL and STALEY.
FREEZE BROTHERS.
McMAHON and KING.
BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats , 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 60c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COLUMBIA v^
COLUMBIA^
Beginning To-Night!
Beginning To-Night!
MR. CLAY
MR. CLAY
CLEMENT i3p<
CLEMENT™
IN THE IDYLLIC COMEDY
IN THE IDYLLIC COMEDY
THE NEW DOMINION.
THE NEW DOMINION.
MR. CLEMENT as
MR. CLEMENT as '**.-
BARON YON HOHENSTAUFFEN-
A Complete Production.
NEXT— "THE BELLS."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE-
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
SUPERB PRODUCTIONS OF
SUPERB PRODUCTIONS OF
LA GIACONDA
LA GIACONDA
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
Monday, "Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
Evenings.
Sumptuous Rendition vt——
—Sumptuous Rendition vt—
RIGOLETTO
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Nl«hts aat
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Nights and
Saturday Matinee.
Famous Artists in Each Opera!!
Famous Artists in Each Opera!!
Every One Anxious to Hear Them!!
Secure Seats Early. The Demand Is Blg!t
POPULAR PRICES 26c and 600
Telephone for Seats— Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 6&.
THIS EVENING!
THIS EVENING!
SUPERB PRODUCTION OF FLANQTTETTETS
SUPERB PRODUCTION OF PLANQUETTETS
PATRIOTIC COMIC OPERA,
PAIL JONES.
PAUL JONES.
Usual Popular Pricee— lOo, 180, tto. tte, 60c
Usual Popular Prices— lOo, IBs, Be, 15c, SOe.
SATURDAY MATTNEE:
SATURDAY MATTNEE:
Beat Reserved Seat ln the Theater, Co.
Best Reserved Seat ln the Theater. Ca
ALCAZAR Wm
ALCAZAR SHS
TO-NIGHT BEGINS THE FINAL WEEK OF
TO-NIGHT BEGINS THE FINAL WEEK OF
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
AND WHITE WHITTLESEY,
AND WHITE WHITTLESEY,
When Will Be Presented a Gorsreous Coetume
When *Wlll Be Presented a Gorgeous Costume
and Scenic Production of
INGOMAR!
INGOMAR !
15c 25c, "?gS?D 35c 50c.
15c, 25c, REsiEA^ED 35c, 50c
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
NEXT WEEK— "CHRISTOPHER JR."
NEXT WEEK— "CHRISTOPHER JR."
— *
CONCEBI'S AND BESO.4TS.
CONCEBI'S AND KESO.4TS.
~ :-JJ *
GOLDEN GATE AGRICULTURAL
GOLDEN GATE AGRICULTURAL
DISTRICT NO. I.
DISTRICT NO. -I.
Races J^ Races
Races J^g Races
"*1 EMERYVILLE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB'S TRACK.
Aug. 26. 28. 29. 30. 31, Sept. 1. 2.
TWO HARNESS AND THREE RUNNING
RACES EACH DAY.
' Racing Begins at 2 o'clock.
ADMISSION U. ',':'*•?-.
W. fl. KENT, Pres. ■ JOS. I. DIMOND. Sec. .
bUTRO t-AiriS.
bUTRO BATtiSV
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:50 P. M.
ADMISSIN. 10c. CHILDREN, Be
Bathing, Including admission, 25; Children, Wo.
56
EWING'S DUDES
TAKE ANOTHER
FROM LOBSTERS
Morn ing Game at Oak-
land a Draw.
SHELLFISH IN A SAD PLIGHT
— • —
FOUR HOME RUNS MADE IX A
FOUR HOME RUNS HADE IN A
SINGLE &A.ME.
— — ♦
Good Exhibition at Recreation Park
So Far as Hitting and Error*
Are Concerned, but Game
Lacks Life.
>
Oakland 4. Santa Cruz 1.
The mark'-t price ot lobsters !e again at a
gala at a
mi r.i mure. Swing's Dudes, tail-^r.ders and
tbe butt of baseball Jests, punished the
Crabs yesterday afterrioon Jn a way that
...
the good citizens of Santa Cruz will r.ot
■ -.
like. With Lange, one of Oakland's fifth
wheels, in. the box. the Crabs were able
to score but a single run. Tbey found
-
}.irn r.me times, but the hits were not
fruitful. The Dudes are a luckier lot of
1
ball tossers. With the same number of
biU tbey succeeded in gathering a col
lection of four runs, to the great sorrow
of the beach sleepers and the unconfin«d •■
Joy of EwJng, who will boy anybody a
. ■ . i < ■-■■■■ .'.r a
new hat that has the courago to ask
for it.
'
The game was very much of a hold- j
over from the r.igbt before. Processions, j
welcoming celebrations and pyrotechnics
-
acted as an exhaust upon the spirit and
■finr'-r of the eighteen baseball men who
cavorted on the Recreation Park dia
mond yesterday afternoon. Although j
there were few errors and enough stick
work to livf-n things up at rare intervals,
th» game was listless and the crowd
rnr»re so.
Daubenbia started the game for tbe
Crabs, who have lateiy beeo used in so
many varieties of shell-fish dishes that
s'irr.e Kr*-at restaurateur will make a
fortune by originating a new one. Haynes.
a. stalwart, heavily shouldered and big
nruscled diamond scraper, finished the
game whtn Daubenbis was retired.
-
Sehn'-'-r was ths first Dude to start the
fjccc-ssfu W'.rk for Oakland. Swatting an
hOnest tingle he made his second bag by
-
a Clean steal and coursed homeward or.
a two-bagger oy Moskiman, who after
ward scored on a hit which wasaccre^jte-d
to Hutchinson. This gave the I>ud*« a
- -
lead of two runs and would have b*-en
sufficient for the winning of the pam*- had
the eventful fifth been scratched off the
* *
• -ri. wben they added another brace of
tillies to th«-ir score. Dunleavy went jog
ging to first and Ur.p>; sent him to tr.e
second bag on a hit. A sacrifice by
Bchm<-*-r advanced both the base r_r.r,«*rs
a \**-v. when D«-an. who was at the bat. |
• - ight the spheroid right on the apple
and away it w^nt toward the i^p biue .
Th" ball landed in Drcnnan's hands.
but Dunleavy and Lange beat it in. and
th» score was 4 to 1, in favor cf the j
Dudes.
The sole tally of the Crabs happened
'* -
this wise. Clark made the first bag on a
hit and scored on a beautiful double by
DrecnaA. Several tiroes ourinz the game ;
■- Lobsters ,were witbin an ace of scor- ■
but* it was not to be.
- -.: ■ v* ry pretty f. elding work waa
»
cone by Drennan in d<-<**p renter and Dun
leavy at second. Tbe latter stopped % ,
bet grounder from Clark's bat in the '
eigbt innings, fel!. rolled over, but threw
HV:e a shot to second, shutting: out Streib.
■w ho was bolting in cannon-ball fashion
from tbe first b?e. The score ie:
SANTA CRUZ
AB. R- EH. SB. PO. A. H
*
Williams. 2b 4 0 1 I 2 I &
Devereaux. 2b 4 0 2 114 0
J t
}-i.--<- c 4 0 10 I 0 1,
Ftreib. lo 4 -**» i 9 19 ? 0j
•r.lar^. r. f 4 1 0 0 1 '■ 1 ,
l>r*T.3an. c. : 4 U 1 0 i 0 0 i
|
Ar^elar.»-«. *. s 4 0 0 0 2 I
I>alrri=pJ«. 1- I * « 2 '.< 1 0 0
Dauber-bis. p I; 0 1 0 0 2 0
iiaynea. v 2 0 0 0 0 1 0
Total* 25 : V It* i 2 i
v
OAKLAND.
AB. R. EH. F3. PO. A. E. I
S X
ll^rr-Ti-Dd. - S -0 1 0 2 1 0 '
Haubtasun. lb 4 0 2 0 14 1 "
Hardie. r. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
D-ur-Jeavy. :? 2 110 2 3 0
Z^r-.z-. V 4 5 1 0 1 3 (• '■■
Bchnjeer. .. t 2 1 1 1 2 J 0;
I>-3n. :►> 3 " 1 '' 1 2 1
:: -'*•- ar. i. -f...... 2 110 3 10
EteCani, • 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
-. y.h'.t Zl 4 i 1 T. It 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Eanta i-.-tit 000000f'l o—l '
i*..«- hits 12 10 10 2 2 '—ft i
. 2
osxiand o i o o 2 o <■ • •— t '■■
Bss- hit* 13 0 2 110 1 •— * ]
ci.'MMAIIT.
Rons rt-spcnsible f'.r — \jinzf. 1. Da'Jbenbii? l.j
Haynes 1. Tw-j-b-i*? hits— Ijaufter.bi*. ilorV.l- |
:■>.-.. :.-..- .■-.■.. Dunleavy, .Bacrifl'*e bit — <
i-r-.";.-. F.rrt Jft'e <n errors— Oakland 1. !
■
Keats f.r .z 1. nm bas*> en rmllsd telle— Oak-
!an»i .". fiiita Cruz 2. IWt 6a bas»s— Oakland
* ri:f.H 'r*J7. ;i Ftruck rrii — l'.y I^npe 1. by '
■
Die: benfo <:. ' .'fsyi<-« 2 WIM pSt-Cb— I-ar.jr»-.
':.:.-' rr;:*. ' :*4-V t*mt-ire-J. o'C*vnnt;i. Of- |
:.< i; * • ret— J. W. Ftapieton.
Oakland 7. Santa Cruz 7.
The morning ZAttib at Oakland was an
Interesting one from the spectators' point
of vi*-*. «•> there were few errors and
some .tiff bitting. The great feature of
the mat-h was a quartet of home runs by
-
the Dud'-j*. The (eft field fence v.-as scaled
I-. tbt- b.'ili at 'our different times during
t !.***■ day. K< hrr,"< r. i^nirv. Steffani and 010
-'
"i'op'' Mardje t»kirg four hags on the
jump. Schmeer's hit was the prettiest of
the kit. being sent clean over the center
bft f."ld f'nr c.
The «;rab« took tne l"ad at the outset of
the game and it was not until the ninth
inning that Oakland tied the score. There
-
was a kick- of the noisy kind registered
when the game was called, the .core
r'Tidir.g . vn all and Oakland having
finished but or.e-third of their inning.
Under the rules; however, when a speci
fied time ta atated for the termination of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN GUR¥
J.J> | ' I - mest
DR. METER? «• r"0. are the most
reliable physicians l*cause they are the
must successful. They are th* most I
tuccfc.iiful for the r-ason that they are
the mest ek!ll»<l and experienced. They
l>ave been curing d!seas"« and weakness
Vt- tnen for more than eighteen years,
and have the largest and best equipped
I medical Institution and the most ex-
tensive proci! cc In America. They
nev<„r use Injurious remedies.
xgX^^M>
NO PA V TILL CURED
NO PAY TILL CURED
Patients 'an arrange to pay when
:hey are well, or may pay in monthly
inxtaJlrnents .- t'.»;y prefer.
ConttU-'itfin und fritnt' li'aklor Mm Fret
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
Thousands are cured annually without
-eeir.E the doctors. All correspondence
' rcnfiientlal. No r-rir.tlng on envelopes
! ,r packages to Ir'ii'-.ate name of sender.
PRIVATE HOOK FREE BT MAIL.
i DR.MEYERS&CO.
731 MARKET ST., 3. F. 'P\
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR
Daily. * to 6.
HOURS: Evenings, 7 to I.
.Sundays, 9 to il
a ga- and the score Is a tie, the game
is adjudged a draw.
The Dudes had the best of the same at
th e end. Were it played to a finish It is
very Uke!? that they would have won out,
bat as the matter now stands the pram*
wil! have to be mayed oil some time later
!n the season. Both Moskiman and Stef
fanl were called into £■-- rvice during the
■ ■ •
came. The detailed score shows how live
ly a game it was and how the ball trav
eled over the field. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. P.. BH. FB. PO. A. E.
AF,
Hutchinson. 1 b * 0 -OS 6 $
Hammond, c * 1 1 1 7 D 1
Hardi*. r. f . I i 2 'I 1 1 0
Danleary, 2 b 4 1 1 1 5 2 1
Ixir.ire. 3 b 4 1 2 1 0 <* ' ft
Schmeer. s. c 2 1113 5 1
111?
Ix-ar.. c. f : 0 C 0 0 0 0
Mo.kiinan. p. & 1. f. 4 0 0 0 . 1 £
Steffanl, 1. f. A p... 4 1 ! « 0 1 *
Totals a : IJ * T. 13 I
PANTA CP.U7*
AB. P.. Bl!. SB. PO. A- E.
WiUiams. 2 b 5 1 1 t -2 1 *
. : .
levereaux. 3 b 4 : 0 * ll •
Pace, c Z 8 1 0 2 1 !'
Strdb, 1 b I 2 4 0 !•? (■ 0
:
Oark, r. ' ... * 1 i 10 1 0 1
Drer-nan. c. f .. * 2 I • 2 C I
Arrel'.anes. i. ■ 1 0 3 0 14 '.
r»alrrmple. 1. ' 4 C 0 0 2 0 «
I>auberib'.s, p i C ft 6 0 2 t
Totals 3? T 13 • *25 i 2
•Or.c out wben garr.e was called.
RUNS ANt> HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland & 2 2 0 0 0 0 . *— "
BSI
Base bit* 0 2 3 0 0 12 9 3—19
se_iia Cruz 3 0 1 . 2 0 1 G <■— 7
Baee hit* 3 0 S 6 2 * » ! I— U
SUMART.
Runs responsible for— lfoekiman I. Stf "sr.i S.
*
r>a*ubenbis .. Rome runs— Lar.ce. Schmeer.
f»t»*Ka_:, Bardic Three-base bits'— DualsatT,
Strelb. Two-base bits— Williams. Drennan.
LtinifcavT. K.rst basse on errors— Oakland 2,
land 4. Santa <"5-az 2. Beft on baj^-s—^x"e_l
la.-.d 4. Sar.ta Cruz 2. Left on bases— Oakland
T. Sa.-.ta Cruz 7. Struck mi!-Br M^sklmar, 2.
-- . • **
ty Steffanl 2. br Da&beaMl 1. Hit bj j-ltrher—
Pace. Schmeer. Double plare — Hutcfcir.srn ''un
aeslsted): Streib <nnaF**.sted.> Time cf pan;' —
*_•• •-.--•■
G_e h'*UTB and X mln-jies. t'mp're — 0"C:"*li-
Official scorer— H. c. ilcFarlin.
* *
♦
San Jose Loses to San Francisco.
SAN" JOSE, Aug. 27.— P00r batting and 1
the subsdtution of Hanlc-n forßorchers as
pitcher, on account of the chief's !s.:r.e j
Dt Of 1
finger, cemtributed to the defeat of San j
Jose to-<3ay, San Francisco winning by a j
score of 6 to 5. Tbis makes the seventh I
* " '
successive game lost by tfce locals or.
their own grounds. Score:
EAN JO.= E.
EAN 1
AB. R. BH. 53. T^Z: A. - |
McO-Jtken. lf 4 I .' 2
4 1
Huston, cf I : : : -t t
Ol>ea. It) 2 *. ' '. * '. 1
Borchers. lb : : : I f ? 0 ;
HarJon. p I 1 '. < 1 4 •]
Andersen. 2b 4 : : 2 1 1 i
-
Babbitt, s s : I
Orah&m. rf S fr '. I
Ormhs.-* rt
Kent, c 4 I 2 I ' '. •
Totai* 3 7 1 ~. ~* ~i J
SAN rEANCI^C-"1
--
- R. 3K. S3. PO. A. E. |
Mailer. H "Hi..'.'..'.'.'.'. 4 : 2 ; : c 0 '
-
:■• --
Kruc. s. c ' 2 * 2 3 (• <
SuiilT*-. I> 4 ;# • 1 U -J
R!>t. fb 4 112 2
=w-lrri*iis c 5 = -; * 2 1 C
it-... cf 4 i i c • i o o •
rrs^Cl. St 4 1 2 ? I t 2 !
FV.rps.tr: :i. y t t '' Z 1 1 JL]
T:-i:s ?? *t 11 2 r 15 5 |
- - r
RTN? ASP HIT? BT INNINOS. -
c*- :-*** * ♦ * « 0 1 0 1 *- i j
: ♦ l »- $
Eif* *>•-.« l€*.2tlf?— »
■=a- Fr='t>-."-'' 1 ' * t I 0 0 I •— « <
I
Bi^'t.U 1 : : : 2 : 6 3 *-ll ;
?;m.\[a?.t.
Rafis r»T-"r"^;> f rr— Kltr^atrick 4. Han!cn
-
4 Hrr* nr.— ¥.r-%. T*>-t*se hits— R->rchers. I
Har.l?^ <2>. Mcil>r. SacVifice hits— Huston, ;
O'Pea. Mc-Otj'it'r.. Fitz;atr!?K. First la**-e on •
— sja J<?«* ;. San Frar.-ifCi 2. Bases en '
t-a!:e— Sir. ."■•» 2. San Franci sc» 1. l>eft en j
bases— Far Jc-s* i. Han Francisco 10. Ptnj'k
- -
,-j«_*Ht Hanloa 2. by Fitzj.atrick 1. Hit by .
ritc^r-Swir.-ieils. ll'j'.ler. Time f.f ■earrie-''<ne
h^Jr arvi forty. five rclnites. Cmptn — Graves.
-
After the game Manager Harris of the }
Wasps stated thai the league at a meet- |
lng to be held in San Francisco ...
row night wotfld throw out San Jose and ;
Watsonville. When th* San Joses heard j
this they heid a meeing and resolved to
resist the throwing-out proposition, and i
rt t * - '
continue in the league under the co-op- I
eratlon plan.
Played Eleven Innings.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 27.— Sacramento i
i won a hotly contested eleven inning game
; from Watsonville to-day. The game »a
--= won ar.d lost several limes and would
lhave gone to the visitors- except for |
i stupid blunders and rank errors. Harper
pitched i. better psm" than Doyle, but *
: his support was rasreed at critical times-. ',
Croll lost the game for his team in the •'
gai
ninth by muffing a pretty fly, allowing the \
locals to tie the score. The latter won ;
! out in the eleventh on Doyle's base on \
I balls and Shar.ahan's two-bagger to left
: field. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
AH. R BH BB
M--I>a-gh;'.n. '•.:.:- 0 0
Harvey, r. f .42221 0
(i'f'>rir.or. I b 4 0 1 0 14 1 0
Eas&n. t. B 3 0 0 0 3 3 0
Stanley, c 4 1 1 0 4 I 0
4
Doyle. P 4 10 0 14 0
Ebanaban. C. i D '■ 1 0 1 0 1
. Ftultz. 2 b 2 0 0 0 4 4 1:
Sh^ehan. 3 b I 0 0 0 3 11.
Totals .. V. 1 ". 3 S3 IS 2 I
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. lili. SB. PO. A. E.
BfOCkOfT. 3 b I 0 0 " 4 4 1
McCarthy, *. ? 4 1 1 0 4 7 0 ,
Courtney, c. f 5 8 1 0 2 1 1 I
CrolL r. f 5 0" 1 0 2 0 l!
i Po! ia lb 5 • 0 0 10 0 Oi
I Morrow, c 3 ■110 3 4 2 j
I BillißSS. 2 b ..4 1:21521
I Hayes. 1. ' 4 1 2 0 2 0 0
I Harper. P _4 _l .030;
Totals tt * W 1 *32 21 € !
•Doyle out on an infield fly.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
■-. WNING9.
i Bacramento ! ooooooi 101—5
Base hits 1 0 110 10 10 11—7 '
I tvatsonville 0 1 ooooosooo—4
Ba.e bits 0 2 0 0 1 114 10 0-10
SCMMART.
per I. Two-
Runs responsible for— Doyle 2. Harper 1. Two
i ba**- bits— McLaughlin.". Shar.aJian. Sacrifice
hit*— Stanley, McCarthy. First bane on errora
- rron I
— Sacramento 3 Watsonville 2. First ba*e on
railed balis— OfT Doyle 2. eff Harper 7. I>-ft on
bases— Sacramento <i, Watsonville :.. Struck out
■ —By Doyle •">. by Harper 2. Double play— Brock-
bJt to Morrow. Time Ot /tame— Two
■r.f— Two *
l.'mplre— Rube Levy. Scorer— Griffin.
RACING AT OAKLAND.
Card To-Day a Mixed One of Trot- ,
ting. Pacing and Running.
There will be racing agsi.l this afternoon at
Oakland track. The a ner. da n.e on Saturday, j
the opening -'--.-■ of the Oi.iden Gate AgM- j
cultural Society's -meet, was only fair, but to- j
cay's card ** a ' 'mixed" one and a much larger
crowd Is expected to be in attendance. Be-
Fiiif-s three events for mnnery the 2:40 class !
trot ar.d the 2:IS pace are d'jv.-n for decision.
The iatter will undoubtedly prove a very ex
citing contest
Following are the entries:
First race— Trotting; 2:40 class; purse $1000;
mile heat., three in five:
Tickets. Ucßriar,
ir'ar,
Hank. I Psyche,
Prince Neer 1 El Sloeo,
Jjan Chico. Silver Bow.
Eiernon Ann, I
Second race— Pacing; 2:IS class; paras I1C00;
ml!e h«-ate. two in three:
Alia Dell. | Ooldle.
Dktatress, Clipper, .
Doc Wilkts, Billy Baker,
Roblet, El Diablo,
Ethel C, Irvington Boy,
Butcher Boy, Connie.
John A.
Third race— Running: two-year-olds; three
quarters of a mile; selling:
.. Champion Rose.. S7 l .. Enjoyment ...103
.. '11...-' 100. .. Flush of Gold 108
Fourth Running; four-year-olds and up
ward: one mile; selling:
3 Twinkle Twink.. i' 4.. I^.t Girl 105
.. Donator 100, -- Alvero M
6 Ringmaster IC2
Fifth race— Running; three-year-olda and up
ward; seven-eighths of a mile; selling:
5 gnus 109 .. H.mestake 107 !
.. Fort Is 102 3 Ponfo 112
Z Oraibee 102 ( .. Roadwarmer 112 ;
I Nonchalance 112 1 5 Scintillate 107
3 Hohenlohe 112 .. P. A. F!nnegan..lo9 |
.. Lothian 1021
San Pedro Wins Yacht Race.
LONG BEACH, Cai., Aug. 27.-In the
yacht race on San Pedro Bay to-day
• race on Ran PsdrO Hay to-day
over a triangular course from Terminal
over a triangular course from Terminal
Island to Long Beach, thence to a buoy
off Dead Man's Island, the result was
San Pedro first, Flying Bird second,
Fayal third.
Cause for Suspicion.— "l am afraid that
nephew of mine who went out West and
< got married a few months ago doesn't get
along well with his new wife." "Why so?"
j "The letters he writes me now read as if ;
, they were censored."— Tribune, j
THE SAN TB ANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 28. 1899.
CARNIVAL OF
SPORTS CLOSES
AT DEL MONTE
— — -
Exciting Polo Match
Is Played.
— • —
SOUTH GAINS THE VICTORY
DEFEATS A TEAM PICKED FOR
THE OCCASION.
♦
None at the Rscir.g Strings Have
Gone Yet and Several Gocd
Events Will Occur Dur-
ing the Week.
*
DEL MONTE. Aug. r:.— The grea: sport
ing carnival that has filled this resort
with so much gayety during the past ten
day-? practically closed to-day. although
' - - ■ -
many people who came for sports will re
main over another week, and several im
pr:>mptti contests of gc-lf, tennis and pony
racing will be held.
Li~t r.irh:'= bsi! and to-day's polo
-natVh wer*4. however, "wind-up" events.
The vachi race that was to have- occurred
-
to-_a"v was abandoned because the yachts
that were entered took part in the naval
w**!comin£ the California boy? and
w<*-re unable to reach Monterey in time to
- - * tune 1
rac^ to-day.
To-night' the grounds were splendidly
|«4« ►*>»♦♦♦♦« •♦ M ♦♦
AMERICAN TENNIS CHAMPIONS TO MEET COAST PLAYERS.
MD. WHITMAN, tennis champion of America '-'.'-■ and 1839, la due in this city- to-night. With him are Dwight
Davis, Holcomb Ward and Beals Wright, making in all one of the strongest Quartets of players In the world. Ac-
companying the party Is George Wright of Wright & Ditson. The racquet-wielders came to this coast to meet
the players of the West in friendly competition. In the Whitney brothers and the Hardy brothers they will
meet worthy foemen. The visitors are Harvard men with the exception of Wright, the youngest of the four. He is pre
paring to enter Harvard this fall. Davis and Ward are the doubles champions. The great stern players will be at a
slight disadvantage until they become accustomed to the courts. '."_• are used to playing on turf, while bitumen is used
exclusively here. The players will compete in the Pacific States lawn tennis championship at Del Monte September 7, 8
and 9.
Hum:- and a hand of forty pieces
endered an open air sacred concert, clos
ng the notable fortnight in i very appro
priate manner.
A do match this afternoon took place
it Del Monte race track, the competing
earns being the Kan Mateo Slashers, the
name being improvised for the occasion.
composed of Peter D. Mar Francis
'arolan, C. A. Baldwin. Thomas Driscoll
and the Southern <."alifornia men who
were defeated Thursday bs' Burlingame.
Z. E. Maud, Kobert Bettngr, Stiilwefl hr..]
M Ealandi The game was faster than
that of Thursday, the play being more
(-■ven. Victory went to the South this
Lime, the score being 9 to 1.
To-morrow there will oc- a half mile race
between R. L. Bettner's Gertrude. R. M.
Schwarz' Viola and C. H. Buckley Jr.'s
Mis 3 Flitters. None of the racing strings
GENERAL SHAFTER'S PONY, TORAL, FOR THE STATE FAIR.
GENERAL WILLIAM R. SHAFTER has placed his pony. Toral. at the dis
posal of President A. -B. Spreckels of the State Agricultural Society for ex-
posal of President A. B. Spreckels of the State Agricultural Society for ex-
hibition at the forthcoming State Fair at Sacramento. Toral Is an animal of
hibition at the forthcoming State Fair at Sacramento. Toral Is an animal of
historical Interest. He was originally owned by General Toral of the Span-
historical interest. He was originally owned by General Toral of the Span
ish army and was cautpred by the Americans at Santiago. When General Shafter
ish army and was cautpred by the Americans at Santiago. When General Shafter
came West the sturdy pony was among his possessions, to be a pleasant reminder
came \\'<«\ the sturdy pony was among his possessions, to be a pleasant reminder
of his successful campaign In Cuba. ' .'
of his successful campaign in Cuba.
An effort will be made to Induce the owner of the world famous Ormpnde to
An effort Will be made to Induce the owner of the world famous Ormonde to
exhibit him at the fair and have him shown on parade days before the grand
fxhihit him a: the fair and havo him shown on para-i- days before the grand
stand. Ormonde Is known as the "horse of the century." He was bred in England
■t&M. Ormonde li known as the "hors« of the <entury. " He was bred In England
by the Duke of Westminster and was sold for a fabulous sum to a South Amer
by the Duke of Westminster and was sold for a fabulous sum to a South Amer
ican millionaire, from whom he was purchased by W. 08. Macdonough of this
ican millionaire, from whom he was purchased by W. 08. Macdonough of this
State. One of the sons of Ormonde, Orme, was the greatest horse of his year,
State. One of the sons of Ormonde. Orme. was the greatest horse of hia year,
while Orme's son, Flying Fox, won the English Derby this year. *
while Orme's son, Flying Fox, won the English Derby this year.
will leave before the end of tfce week, and
more good running is expected on :r*-5
track.
In the Handball Arena.
Spirited plays, with a crowd in attend
ance, were the conditions at Phil Ryan 9
baxidbaJl court-at Ut Howard *-"" '- yes
terday afternoon. Following are the
scores:
Ben Clements an-J W. Ha-ssel! defeated A.
Be- **'*****
Collins and L. Kenny. Score. 21— lb -*- -1, -l—
IT. . .
R. J>".an and K. Ab v defeated J. Sharp ana
J. Hand. Score. B— l7, S-H. n— II-
2. R. Bockman and D. J. Sbeehan defeated
E. McPos-yj-th and E. Lynch. Score. 21— S,
11-21. £1—:;. 'p.'ZZr, -o.
C. Talo ar.d P. ilcKinacn defeated -H- M-
■ * ■-, *£"
ccallat and L. Carraine. Score. Hl— ". a— iz,
;i— 2, three strai?f.t cames. „ ... ,
Bl ' - „ , ,
P. Doffey ar.<3 T. O'Brien ftwo CaMTornla
Volonteera) defeated P. Basch and M. Berwin.
Score £I—l 7 lf' — It £I—l 2.1 — 12.
3. CoxOfXa and T. Foley defeated A. McA icker
!
and L Vishoot. Sccce. £1—1?. U-21. -1 .-!«. -V
A * and C. Ouinn defeated R Ke?u
ar.d E. White. Score. £I— IS. »-M. 21—14
- Walsh and E. McGinty defeated J. olynn
and J. McGinty. Score. £t-ll.» 15-£1 -1-16
- event of tte day: J. White and E. Car-
*
lev defeated J. CoUins and E. Toy- Score. .1—
IS. 16-21, 21-14.
MINOR BASEBALL.
Phoenix Club of Sacramento Sleets
Defeat at Colusa.
COLUSA, Aog. Tt.— The Phoenix Club
of Sacrrmento played its third game thl?
afternoon with the Colusa club and was
defeated by a score of 9 to 5. Hanson of
the dm team roade two home runs.
The batteries were Hanson and Seville
I for Colusa and "-.; and Fitzgerald for
i the Phoenix club.
HOLLISTER. Aug. 27.— The Heesemans
I of Oakland and the Hollister Baseball
1 Club met here to-day. The local team
! won by a score of 7 to 6. The batteries
i were Thomas and Shea for the Heese
i mans and the Daubenhis brothers for
! Hollister.
VISALIA. Aug. 27.— The home team was
VISALIA, Aug. 27.— The home :"am was
defeated to-day by the (creeds. The
; score vup 23 lo 13.
FRESNO. Aug. 27.— Fresno defeated Han
' ford tc-dav ln a hotly contested game. At-
tendance, 7i*o. Score:
.*.- R. H. E.
! Fresno 4 9 4
| Hanford 14 2
i Batteries— Maul and S warts; Hennessey and
] Carter.
ROYAL FLUSH
ROMPS ROME IN
THE OPEN STAKE
♦
Wins for Third Sue-
cessive Time.
AN UNEQUALED PERFORMANCE
CHARLES BONNER'S WILD NORA
IS A CLEVER SAPLING.
— — •
Three Stakes Present Varied Sport
at Union Coursing: — Pre-
tender Suffers From a
Drugging.
t ■
Royal Flush, F. A. McComb's great black
Royal Flash, F. A. 24 - great black
greyhound, won his third successive stake
at Union Coursing Park yesterday. Men
; grown gray in the sport could not recall
where this had ever occurred before. Dogs
't have won more than three stakes, I at not
on successive coursing days. Flush was
I bred by McComb and comes by his speed
I naturally. He is by Skyrocket-Blackbird.
j His sire was a sensational performer, los
| ing but three stakes in a long career on
the field.
His hardest course yesterday was with
: Gladiator in the second round. Gladiator
j led nearly to the bare. Flush passing him
! and securing the first turn, the hare favor-
ing him a shade. Gladiator worked the
: hare for two turns, when Flush killed.
The spectators cheered the winning dog
I for his brilliant showing. He won the re-
maining courses cleverly, the final being
a splendid exhibition of speed, staying
■ qualities and working ability.
Lady Marion was drawn from the final
of the 'Consolation stake. In the previous ;
round she ran for over three minutes with
Magnesia.
In the Sapling stake Bona Fide, the ;
great Emm Pasha-Bona youngster, was
sick and did not run up to form.
' The mystery of the drugging of Van
Cloie on Saturday was not cleared up yes
terday, butl if anything was made deeper.
Pretender, a dog from the same kennel,
also developed unmistakable symptoms of
belladonna poisoning. He ran a bye in
the iirst round of the Consolation stake
and acted as though insane. The actions
of the dog were so peculiar that bets were
declared off in the succeeding round. This
proved a wise forethought. The dog re
fused to leave the slips, an almost unheard
of action among greyhounds. His eve?
were distended and other symptoms mdi- !
cated the presence of belladonna.
The park directors have commenced an
investigation in an attempt to fix the re- I
sponsibillty for the drugging. The owner i
and the trainer are above suspicion and '-
the investigators are looking elsewhere
for the culprit. The prompt and vigorous
action of the directors in the Koolawn
case is a guarantee that severe punish
ment will be meted out to the guilty per
son If he is apprehended.
James Grace handled the slips yester
day and gave general satisfaction in send
ing off the dogs. The detailed result* fol
low: ,
Sapling stake, first rrund— s. Banner's O-a'te
beat G. H. Pinto's Glad Hand: George Shar
man's Walt a Bit beat S. E. Portal's SoDb'e- !
Charles Bonner's Wild Nora beat Julius Hahn's
Bona Fide.
Second round— a Bit beat Graft-r- Wild
Nora a bye. : V; " '
Final— Wild Nora beat Wait a Bit
Open stake, first round— Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Lady Emma beat Pasha Kennels' Firm
Friend: E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron beat Handy
& Smith's Free and Easy; A. Johnson' "Low
lander beat E. Wilson's Magnesia \Y it
Jones' Rustan beat Aeneid Kennels' "van
Knapp: J. Conneli's BenortU beat W. H Jones-
Lady Marian; H. F. Anderson's Crawford Lad
beat Pasha Kennels' Emm Pa-la* J p
Thrift's Brutus beat Pasha Kennels' Rest* As
sured; R. E. de B. Lopez's Rochester beat
Pasha Kennels' Metallic: F. A. MeComb's
Royal Flush beat Larky & Rock's Liberty Bell-
James Dean's Gladiator beat P. .1 Reiiiv's Still
True; P. J. Rellly's Wandering Tom beat T
Hall's Annie Laurie: J. Kennedy's Ever
Shore beat H. A. Deckelmaa's Lawrence-
George Sharman's Wait a Little beat J Co '
neli's Log Boy: P.. E. de B. Lopez'.* Whitehead
beat J. Dennis' October Woodcock- T Kellv's
Wlldwood beat I. F. Halton's Tic Tar
Second round— Lady Emma beat Lord Byron-
Low-lander beat Rustan; Crawford L->d »,»,;
Senorita; Brutus beat Rochester; Royal Flush
beat Gladiator; Wag beat Wandering Tom-
Wait a Little beat Ever Shore; Whitehead beat
» lldwood.
Third round— Emma beat Lowlander-
Brutus beat Crawford Lad: Royal Flush beat
Wag; Whitehead beat Wait a Little.
Fourth round-Lady Emma beat Brutus-
Royal Flush beat Whitehead. '""is.
Final— Royal Flush beat Lady Emma
Consolation stake— Prince Jerome beat Hot
Haste. Pretender a bye: Lady Marian best
Miss Skyrocket: Night time beat Maid of Erin'
Athena beat The Devil: Lamplighter beat Lord
Marmion: Magnesia beat Galivant; Sandow
beat October Woodcock.
Second round— Prince Jerome beat Pretender-
Lady Marian beat Night Time: Lamplighter
beat Athena; Magnesia beat Sandow.
Third round— Lamplighter beat Prince Je
rome: Lady Marian beat Magnesia
Final-Lamplighter won by default, Lady
Marian drawn. «-»««j
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
' ■■ r.y ,
Wild Tralee Captures First Money
in the Open Stake.
There was a good attendance at Ingle
side Coursing Park yesterday to witness
the finals in the open stake. Several
short-enders won. among them Modesty
in the second tie, being as good as 6 to 1.
Lily of the West was an upset for the
J talent at 2to 1. The hares were as a rule
lively and several long courses resulted.
I Wild Tra> - won the final course ■-.'. "v
--, purse at even money with Prince Hal as
I runner-up. The scores follow:
Open stake, first tie— Forgive beat Pet Kir
by; Victor beat Tea Boss: Loiterer beat Nellie
' B. Macs Melody beat Petrol St. Oran beat
i Fleetfoot: Shylock Boy beat Belle of Ander
son; Young America beat Lexington; LJIy of
the West beat - -trette: Matchless beat Irma:
I Man-.;? Pleasant beat L S •'■.-.-.- Modesty
I beat Roral Oak; Gold Hill beat Hazel Dell;
Wild Tralee beat meat Treastire: Cash beat
Victor Kinr; Pleasant Girl beat Maid of the
Hill: Hard Lines beat Mona; Lady Hugo beat
I Royal Buck; Twilight beat Hummer; Black
i Hawk beat Terr rtte: Gallagher beat Rey
I Del: Statesman beat Demt'sey Lass: Prince
Hal beat Hadiwist; Lady Herschel beat News- j
bey: Warrior beat Diana-
Second tie— Victor beat Forgive: Mac's Mcl-
- -r.ve: Ma-- -
! ody bsat Loiterer; Shylock Boy beat St. Oran:
Yoon? America beat Lily of the West: Mamie
Pleasant beat Matchless; Modesty beat Go.d
Hill; Wild Tralee beat Cash: -*--•' Girl
t*at Bard Lines: Twilight beat Lady Hugo:
Gallagher beat Black Hawk; Prince Hal beat :
- * --nan*. Warrior beat Lady Herschel.
Third tie— Mac's Melody beat Victor: Young
America beat Shylock Boy: Mamie Pleasant
Amer. . *
i beat Modesty; Wild Tralee beat Pleasant Girl:
Twilirfct beat Gallarfcer; Prince Hal beat ,
i Waff  .  .
Fourth tie— Young America beat Macs i*ei-
-.-.-. Wild Tralee eat Mamie Pleasant; Prince
Hal beat Twil'zht- A _. .
i Fifth tie— Wild Tralee best Young America.
Prince Hal a bye.
Final— Wild Tralee beat Prince Hal.
—WW Tnis «al-
ALAMEDA CRICKETERS WIN.
j California Team Suffers a Crushing
Defeat at the Hands of Last
Year's Champions.
At Alameda yesterday the Alameda
eleven administered to the California
] team the most crushing defeat which it
I has yet experienced, last year's cham
pions winning by more than a hundred
runs with two wickets to spare. The
California captain won the tool and sent
i the Alamedas to the bat. Until lunch
time Dickinson and -■..-.rd bowled quite
■ successfully and five of the best Alameda
I wickets were secured at the moderate
i cost of 45 runs, but after luncheon the
i Alameda score ran up. until at 130. with
i two batsmen to go in. the innings was
■ When the California^ went to the bat
I none of them made any stand against
! the bowling of Harold Ward and J J. R.
Peel who bowled unchanged, and dis-
missed 'he whole side for the insignificant
total of 29 runs. Harold Ward took 6
wickets for " runs and Peel 2 for 14
runs. The fall scores are given herewith:
ALAMEDA CR2CKET CLUB.
1 J H Saunders, b. Howard J
G H. Hellmacn. run out. 1
J J Moriarty. c. Blotamn, b. Howard 13
, J J P.. Peel. b. Howard 10
F Croll. c. and b. Dickinson 2
V. Se-beck, c. and b. Howard 15
' B. Bird, c. Reeves, b. Dickinson .
P. E. McLean, run out 18
G. J. Baugh. not out 4?
Byes ' leg byes 2, widea 1 *
Total for eight wickets 130
H. Ward Jr. and W. G. Fortmann did not
bat.
Runs at fall ef each wicket— One for 1, two
for 1?. three for 34. four for S3, five fcr 45, six
for 57, seven ... ....... I*>.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
?'MMAP.T OF BOWU
Bowler— B. K. M. W.
Dickinson KS 34 II 2
Howard i& ■'- 5 4
Sloman J« 21 — —
Howard bowled one wide.
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
E. G. Sloman. b. Ward Jr 7
F G - * "" '
E J Lough-man, c. Moriarty. b. Peel 0
W. H. Howard, b. Peel '
F. M. Guns. b. Ward Jr 0
K. Dickinson, c. -'-• Ward Jr I
W Reeves, c. sab., b. Ward Jr . ... 2
J. Smith, c. He'.ln-an. b. Ward Jr 4 .
A. Willis, c. Bird. b. Ward Jr _|
J. Brown, nm cnt 11
J. D. Robertson, not out 0 '•
O. J. Thomas, absent
Total ■ i
Run« at fall cf each wicket— One :-- 2. two
tor ?. .... J, fccr for !L five for 13. six for ]
16. seven for 17, .--- for 22. --.-' tor ».
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M W.
Ward Jr C 'X I C
Peel *> 14 < ' j
■ ♦ ■
PITCHER SENT TO THE BENCH.
As a Result Chicago Loses the Game j
to the Brooklyn Team.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L Pet I Hubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...73 ti .€7? Chicago -J, 55 .IM
Boston 67 42 .6151 Pittsburg ...56 '- EM '
Philadelphia 44 ..:■'■ N»w T0rk. ..49 M .4.v
Baltimore ...So 42 .*'*7 -Louisville .45- 60 .450 1
Cincinnati -.61 47 Ml ; Washington 37 73 .336
St. Louis 63 52 X'4i I Cleveland .. '.$ S3 .IOC
CHICAGO. Aug 27.— After two oats in the !
fourth and sot I hit registered > -gainst him.
Griffith got Into an argument with Umpire ]
■ Connolly and was sent to the bench. Taylor
succeeded him ar.d the leaders started right ln I
with their stick work. The fielding of the
locals, barring some great catches by Lange.
was miserable. Attendance, &600. Score:
Club— R H. E. <
Chicago* 2 < I
; Brooklyn 6 S 2 _
Batteries Griffith. Taylor and Donohue:
Hughes and Farrell. Umpires— Snyder and
Connolly.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 27.— Doheny gave ten ■
CINCINNATI. Aug 27 — Dobeny rave ten
passes to flrst base to-day and 'hit two bats-
men. When he managed to get the ball over i
the plate, It was usually hit hard. Two
doubles, a single and a triple drove Phillips to
the bench in the sixth. Attendance, 5320. i
Score:
Club— R- H. E. j
Cincinnati 3 11 2.
New Tork 4 11 2.
Batteries— Phillips. Taylor and Peitx: Doheny
and Wilson. Umpires — Swartwood and Dwyer I
LOUISVILLE. Aug. 27.— Orioles hunched j
hits on Cunningham and the Colonels" errors
were costly in the first game. The home team
had several chances to win the second game.
but the best they could do was to make it a i
tie. Clarke and Smith were put out of the
second game by Umpire O'Day for too much j
talk. Attendance, Wft. Score, first, game:
Club— R. EL E.
Clul>- R- H. E. \
Louisville 3 7 4 j
Baltimore 7 11 1 j
Cunningham and Zlmmer: McGin-
iety and Smith. Umpires— O'Day and Hunt.
Second game, score:
Club— R. H. E.
Louisville 4 7 4j
Baltimore 4 S lj
(Called **. account of darkness.
Batteries— and Powers; Howell and
Robinson. Umpires— O'Day and Hurt.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. I? - St. Louis and Wash-
ington broke even in a poorly played double-
header to-day. Both teams slugged the ball
hard, and this was the only feature. The
fielding of the two teams was listless. Attend-
ance 17,000. Score, first game:
Club— R. H. E.
St. Louis 16 30 4
! Washington 2 M 4
Batteries— and Criger: McFarland and •
.Roach. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
Second game, score:
Club— R. H. E.
St. Louis 9 17 S
"Washington 15 12 2
Batteries— Sudhoil. Powell and Criger: Dlneen :
and Reach. Umpires— McDonald and Emslie. '
SIR LIPTON GREETED
Visited by Thousands of Friends on
the Liner Campania.
QUEENSTOWN*. Aug. 27.— A throng of
friends boarded the Cunard liner Cam- .
pania, from Liverpool for New York, on :
her arrival here to-day to welcome and to !
bid farewell to Sir Thomas Llpton. The !
owner of the American cup challenger ex- :
pressed entire satisfaction with the ar
rangements of the New York Yacht Club. j
"If the Shamrock wins the cup." he •
said, "loyal Cork will be the flrst place
on this side where I shall exhibit it.
Sir Thomas intends entertaining a party i
on board the steam yacht Erin, and his
guests will be Baron Russell of Killowen
Lord Chief Justice of England, and now
a member of the Venesuela boundary ar
bitration tribunal; Rear Admiral Lord
Charles Beresford, Conservative member
of Parliament for the city of York, and
Arnold Morley, former Postmaster Gen
eral. He received the heartiest kind of
an Irish send-off from the deck of the
tender as the Campania sailed.
McFARLAND WINS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.-At the Vallsburg
(N. J.) bicycle races' to-day the five-mile
professional handicap race went to Mc-
Farland. with Stevens second. Both were
scratch men.
Quarter-mile professional— Won by J. A.
Fisher, Chicago (50); R. S. Ireland". New
ark (40). second: J. W. White, Newark
(35). third. Time, :30 1-5.
Five-mile professional handicap— Won
by F. A. McFarland, San Jose, scratch;
O. L. Stevens, Ottumwa. scratch, sec
ond; G. I. Kramer, Chicago (120), third.
Time, 11:27.
GATES OF THE
RACETRACK TO
REMAIN CLOSED
Supervisors Will Post-
pone Action.
WILL NOT PERMIT BETTING
>
ingleside OUT of THE WAR OF
THE RACING MEN.
Oakland and the Proposed Track at
San Bruno to Battle for Patron-
age of the Public During:
the Coming Season.
•
Action on the proposed repeal of th*
anti-poolselling order will be indefinitely
postponed by the Supervisors a: tr.'ir
meeting this afternoon. This means, for
one thing, that Ingleside race tract wii
not be a factor in the threatened war
among the men interested in the promo
tion of horse racing iv the metropolitan
district.
Supervisor Black offered a resolution
unexpectedly at the meeting of the Board
last Monday, having for its object the re
last Monday, ba
peal of the anti-poolselling order. On mo
tion of Dr. Pert the resolution was
MOd tO print. This placed it in the
torm of a regular order giving to the
Mayor the right to veto it if he so de
sired. It will not go to tha: point, how
ever, as when it comes up in the regular
ever, as -
order of business to-day it wiil be indefin
itely postponed.
The definite closing of the gates of In-
The
gleside track removes that property from
the field and eliminates it as a factor in.
the t.
the expected war among the racing in
stitutions. Unless a compromise is ef
fected between the men interested in tha
racing plant at Oakland and that now In
course of construction at San Bruno tha
fight will be between uen. The odds are
in favor of the California Jockey Ciub
across the bay. as it has been free from
the racing scandals which marked the
sport at Ingleside.
BIG FIGHT WILL BE
AT CONEY ISLAND CLUB
I William H. Brady and Sharkey's
Manager Have Entered Into a
Manager Have Entered Into a
Secret Arrangement.
j NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Unless some-
thing unforeseen happens another cham-
I pionship battle wiH be held in tbe arena
of the Coney Island Sporting Club this
fall. Since the arrival home of William A.
fail. Bf
Brady from Europe an agreement has
been entered into by him ana the manager
of Sharkev, who is matched to fight Jef-
fries, which will result ln bringing tha
two big fellows together in the same ring
- - " -'
in which Fitrsimmons lost his honors lo
the present champion. Because of the fact
*
that other athletic organizations have, been
Invited- to bid for tne nght. the under-
standing being that the highest bidder
would secure the event, the announcement
made that a secret agreement has been
entered into will probably be denied.
"For the sake of formalities," said one
"For *
of those most intereated. "and to make a
decent pretense at keeping faith with the
managers of other athletic clubs, we will
open all bids for the fight. But these bids
will amount to nothing. More money can
be made at Coney Island than anywhere
else in the country, and nowhere else can
we be so well assured of protection. What
is the use of going far *to the West.
where great crowds cannot be - "-red'!'"
Jeffries is favorite in the betting, the
prevailing: odds being ID to 7. Even at
preva:::-.*? -
that quotation Sharkey money is scarce.
It is said Tommy P.yan wil! train Sharkey.
SHEELL MOUND SCORES.
The Ranges Well Patronized by En-
thusiastic Marksmen.
The favorable we I
The favorable weather drew a large
number of marksmen to the Shell Mound
ranges yesterday, and a constant fusil
lade at the targets was kept up until
darkness compelled the marksmen to de
sist.
The members of the San Francisco
Bchaeta Verein were out in force pre
paring for their forty-first annual festi
val, which will take place at Shell Mound
Park next Sunday. Some astonishing
shots are sure to be made.
The interest in the Germania Schuetzen
Club is on the increase, and the atest
ants D the various events are running
each other a close race. On the ring tar
get Dr. L. O. Rodgers led yesterday -with
721, D. B. Faktor having Tls to his credit.
For the best centers D. Salfield is ahead.
with IS4L The shooting for the Bushnell
wnh IKL The ■ * -
medal is very close. the Korea now he
ing: D. B. i'^.-y 2155 and F. Schuster
21M.
Following are the scores for the day:
Golden Gate Rifle Club. Champion Class— Dr.
L. O. Rodgers. 21S-219: F. E. Mas -.. 213-219;
D. W. McLaughlin. tor- .
Flr=t Class— C. M. Her.:--- * 2 ' XT. W.
Belknap. 203-187.
Monthly medal shoot of the Norddeutscher
Schuetxen Club— First champion class— Net
won. Second champion class— Not won. First
class— Kv Steiling, 411 lines (final). Second
class— William C. Morken. 376 rings. Third
class— Not competed for. Fourth class— Aueust
Hohmann, 346 rings. Best first shot— August
I ipm
Hohmann. 23 rints. Best last shot— J. Gef
kin, 22 rings. ,
Monthly bullsey- shoot of of the tan Fran
cisco Schuetxen Verein— .1. Utschig. 233; D.
Salfield. 256; F. Hensel. 433: D. B. Faktor. 5*7;
F. Schuster, 613: A. Lemaire. 746: F. Koch.
747- E. Goetxe. Nt; A. Bertelsen. ...: R. Stet
tin *33: Captain J. Thode. S3S: Charles Thier
bach US: W. Goetxe, *7: L. Helno, 10C<2; H.
Zecher, 1065: E. Stehn. 1145: J. C. Waller. 1152;
L. Haake, 1223: George Schulx. 12SS; H. Steil
ing. IJ7S. ,";IP"PP
Monthly bullse-.-e shoot of the Germania
Schuetzen Club— Dr. L. O. Rodgers. 241; E.
Goetxe. 475; J. Utschig. BW; A. Jungblut. 641:
W. Goeose. 704; W. Garms. 752: D. B. Faktor.
774: L. Haake. 752: H. Stelllag. 524: P. Sal
field. Ml; F. Schuster. 939.
Bushnell medal scores— J. Utschie. 227; D.
McLaughlin. 21S; IX. B. Faktor. 214.
Competition for cash piriies— D. McLaughlin,
73: F. P. Schuster. 71.
I CLEVELAND I
IS A 6QOD BICYCLE. 1
II $40
Visitors are Invited to Inspect
Visitors are Invited to Inspect 11
the roost complete Bicycle and H
Sundry Store on the Toast. Bar- Iz
gains In Second-hand Wheel*. fl
LEAVITT & BILL,
LEAVITT & BILL, J
309 LARKIN STREET. |
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ImJ *>--*'> KEARXV ST. Established
■T^^^ln IM»4 for the treatment ot Private
__^_^_to,___W Diseas- s. Lost Manhood. Debility or
H^.. .^•'l lieasSwes-.it":.
V* Sfc -Diseases l'he doctorenres when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
■«iire«rn»ri>nic(.ii Callorwrite.
Dr.J.l'.vtßßON, Box 1937, 5 an Francisco.Alameda
OAKLAND MUST
ATTEND TO ITS
OWN ASSESSING
*
False Economy Now
Regretted.
GIRARD DOES A LITTLE TURN
— • —
♦
ITAXY XEW THINGS FOUND IN
AX OLD CHARTER.
AN OLD CHAETXR.
•
«
Mr. Cuveliier Not Present at the De-
X. Appropriar. nia.
bate on School Appropriations.
Sentiment en Opening cf
Sentiment on Opening of
Washington Street.
Washin-gton Street-
-•
t
Oakland OfT.ce .= - - Francisco Cali,
K« Broadway, Aug. 27.
It is vary apparent that the City Coun-
cilmen would like to govern Oakland in
fact as well as ir. name. At present they
do not. In the most important particular
they have nothing to say, -.r.i that is In
the matter of fixing- a tax levy. It is true
they ga through the Routine performance
of declaring what the levy shall be and
how it shall be apportioned, but the
amount of taxation is determined for
them by the County Assessor. In other
words the County Assessor fixes the In-
-s tht In-
come for the city of Oakland ar.d this is
decidedly wrong. But pricr to this week
nobody seems to have made any com-
plaint.
But when the new charter is compiled.
:
as it will be ln a few months, there Is r.o
doubt that the section placed In the
present charter for the sake of economy
* * *
will t-e eliminated and one substituted
that will make it the duty of the City As-
- ;. a ; -
sessor to assess independently and not
merely to follow the f.gures of the County
!
Assessor.
The economical idea that has hitherto
prevailed is exploded, for nearly as much
is pa:i the County Assessor for a mere
copy of his dty assessment as wouid. if
■ - - *
added to the present salary of the City
Auditor, give the city an independent as-
sessment department. Should this be ar-
-
ranged ir. the new charter, there is not
much fear that it wili be combate<U>y the
County Assessor, for Mr. Dait(m has
■»r
always made a point of calling attention
to the: eeojromicai conduct of his office.
Although should this perquisite be taken
away from him, it will mean a loss of
*
about $7500 during a term less the actual
cost, Mr. Dalton Is not likely to fight it
-
on that account.
The movement to have a new charter
is having one effect: those interested in
-
the government of Oakland, as well as
those charged with conducting It. are
now looking into the oid charter to see
what it contains. One member cf the
Council said recently that he had been
-
four months in off.cc and he had not yet
completed the reading of the city charter,
which consists altogether of but eighty-
four moderate pages. They have dis-
co* ered many sections which are a sur-
prise to them. In view of ail the politi
cal pulling and manipulating in regard to
'• . - -
patronage that disgraces every c:ty
govcmment it is surprising to read that
"no appointments or removals shall be
- -
made for political reasons, nor, shall any
removal be made except for cause es
tablished to the satisfaction of the
- * -
board." This was evidently brought to tee
attention of the old charter makers, for
at the very end of the charter tt was
somewhat qualified by this remarkable
section: "Competent and experienced em-
*
ployes in the several departments shall
not be unnecessarily removed." The
word "unnecessarily" must therefore be
responsible for ail the political rquabbles
-
regarding patronage that have been or
are now detrimental to good ar.d eco-
-
nomical government, ihe word "neces
sity" for removing a man admits of as
many constructions as there are political
faiths in the city government— hence the
need cf a mere definite charter.
The greatest mistake ever made in gov
erning Oakland was the substitution of a
paid Board of Public Works and Police
Commissicr.ers for the honoary board that
the charter created. Under the old regime
before the amendment was passed, the
-
Board of Works consisted of three of the
most prominnent men in the city, who
were appointed one every two years by
-
the Mayor, each holding ofiice for six
years. The amendment made the City At
torney and the City Engineer elective of-
-
ficers, and they with the Mayor constitute
the Board of Works and the Police and
Fire Commission. Since this arrangement
went into practice the City Hail has been
a hotbed of politics and its government
has been characterized by Interminable
quarreling.
Prior to this monkeying with the char-
-
ter the City Engineer and City Attorney
were appointed by the Board of Works
and instead of dabbllnz in politics as they
are forced to do at present, they attended
to their business and were not forever
*
laying the foundation for perpetuating
themselves In office.
Ir. the c;d days the board met once a
week for the purpose of transacting busi
nes*. Since tnen boards have met nearly
every day of the week and have done al
most everything but attend solely to busi
ness. With the men who constituted the
eld board?, the appointment of a special
police officer or tne fact tbat one cf the
members differed from one of its employes
was not considered sufficient cause for
calling a special meeting and wastins
three or four hours doing politics and dis
crediting each other's motives. In those
days the City Engineer* attended to his
-
business because he had to. or some one
else would take his place. The same Is
true of the City Attorney. The chief pur
'
poses for which the Board of Works and
Police ar.d Fire Commision meet at this
.
time are tco well known to need any re
capitulation. It is sufficient to say "that
■ - *
a::y oid thing or reason Imaginary or real,
is surtic.'ent to Justify a cali for a special
meeting and to be the foundation of a lit
tle political squabble.
The manner in which the present char-
*
ter works is best illustrated by the fol
lowing incident: A property owner men
tionea to the Councilman from his ward
that a culvert should be constructed at a
*
tc-rtain street crossing. The Councilman
introduced into the Council a resolution of
intention to have the culvert built. Tho
matter was referred to the Street Com-
*
mittee. After a time it came back to the
Council with a recommendation tnat the
*
resolution he passed. The Board of
Works, of which the City Engineer is one.
was then authorized to perform tne work,
not to cost beyond a stipulated sum.
Sometime later :he Board of Works re
ceived the resolution and decided to dis
cuss /t in committee of the whole. When
I
the ' board heid the committee meeting
It decided that it would be a very good
thing to have a culvert at this point, and
they agreed to recommend to the Board
.
cf Works that such a culvert be con
structed. At the next meeting of the
Beard of Works the resolution waa re
formed tothe City Engineer, who is a mem
ber of the Board of Works, with instruc
t'ons to confer with the Streei Superin
tendent regarding the best manner of
bu'lding the cul\"ert and of the actual cost
cf the same. Some time later the En-
the Kn
s'-cer was ready to report to the board,
of"which he Is a third, regarding the cul-
- ? the cu;
vert^ and his report A as adopted and then
tn« street Superintendent was ordered to
construct the culvert according to the
specifications laid down by the Board of
\<'orks. As soon as possible the Street
Superintendent proceeded to carry -it his
orders and found to his great surprise
t*at since the resolution of Intention was
first presented to the Council, a franchise
had been granted a street railroad to go
ovor th» crossing where the culvert was
desired, and that therefore all the work
had to be gone over again, as the culvert
had to be constructed to go under the
tracks, and aiso the street railroad had to
be partly responsible for the payment of
its construction. . m_]P
There is an idea prevalent araosjf cttl-
y-s. prevalent arson* dU
NEWS
s
»f the Bay Cities
tens generally that 11 ought to be possible
to have necessary work performed with
a little less red tap*=. and the opinion does
not seem to be altogether unreasonable.
It Is not improbable that there is brains
: enough in this community to formulate a
! city charter that will be a little more
S economical and speedy in Its workings,
i and which will give office holders a little
j less opportunity to be forever doing poii-
*s opportunity i
• tics at the expense cf the taxpayers.
It Is very unfortunate at this time that
! Mr. Cuveliler is taking his holiday. It is
not yet forgotten that last fall Mr. Cuvel-
I lier published some ideas based upon an
j inspection of the public schools. He read
j his ideas before the Board of Education
j and worked up that very conservative
1 body to such a high pitch of excitement
that language was used never before
| heard in the quiet board room. Mr. Cuvel
j lier saw thing goc-d in the method of
' conducting the Oakland school system. He
credited the superintendent with -..:.? a
I czar: he charged that class lines were
; drawn: that children were having their
I little minds distorted and distressed by
j being taught a lot of unnecessary stuff.
[ and finally concluded that somewhere in
i the neighborhood of one-half of the money
t allottee to the School Department
! was wasted. It was never ueflnltely set
i tied just how much truth there was in
i Mr. Cuvellier's arraignment, but there
jSs no doubt that he said altogether too
' much for a politician anxious to preserve
his standinc with certain elements. The
charges against the Board of Education
were never inquired Into and Mr. Cuveliler
must have been persuaded that they were
either untrue or impolitic or both, for the
.- j .
excitement cooled off as speedily as it
was created and since that —.-. Mr.
Cuveliler has teen notably silent on the
school question, realizing that nothing
; could be done in the way of retrenchment
j '.-. expenditure except a: the time of flx
j Ing tne tax levy. That time ls now at
j hand and Mr. Cuveliler— ls bear hunting
The demand on the part of some of the
j Councilmen that Washington street wh^n
j extended through the City Hall property
j fee extended In a perfectly straight line in
[ stead of --. a small angle as proposed by
[ Mr. Mott is largely based on sentiment.
! From a practical point of view Mr. Mott's
I idea of avoiding all the condemnation pro
! ceedlngs and of extending the street at an
; ingle is the more commendable. Mr.
Mott's plan is simpie nd if anything sim
| pie can be applied to a street opening. It
certainly should be considered. On the
other hand, lf Washington street be
opened quite straight it wiil necessitate
condemnation proceedings and will entail
damages of not less thai J173.0X) which
would be entirely avoided by Mr. Mort' «
pian. The idea of having straight streets
:s a good one as a E*enefal principle. In
this stance it would work no benefit and
if insisted upon means that Washington
street will not be opened for years and
perhaps never. In the center of the city
a triangular block such as Mr. Mott's
scheme provides, would be no more ob
• jectionable than a five-sided block with a
oorner cut off another one. sucn as would i
follow in the event of proceeding in a per
fellow t oil
fectly straight line. This street should be
cut through as a commercial necessity.
and commercial necessities in a growing
city should not be subservient to mere
rard
Councilman Girard did a little dance all
by himself in his piano warehouse without
accompaniment last week, when he heard
that Los Angeles had voted to issue bonds
for a water plant in the proportion of i
seven-and-a-half to one.
"We can beat tha.. easily." said he, "and
the sooner we take n-p the matter the bet- i
ter. There is no campaign needed to per- j
* - - *
suade people that it is better for them to
pay $2 for water than to pay t5, and after
ail the funny business of the past thre_ j
- - * - * *
years with our water mnoopoly I am i
ready to gamble that fc>or.ds for a water
plant would pass Sn this city ten to one. I
This should oe one cf the f.rst questions j
taken up by the Council, but of course on
- -
account of its magnitude we cannot afford |
to do any leaping ln the dark."
Girard is right.
STUART W. BOOTH, i
REV. J. SUNDERLAND
HAS RESIGNED
OAKLAND. Aug. Zl.— Some sensation
was created at the First Unitarian
Church," comer of Fourteenth and Grove
streets, yesterday morning by the pastor.
Rev. J. T. Sunderland, tendering nis
resignation. He assigned as his reason
the fact that the congregation was too
deepiv in debt. Some time ago a handsome
new edifice was erected and an indebted-
■
re=s of $*2-j.-»} was thereby incurred, the
responsibilty of which the minister was
unwilling to bear.
Rev. Mr. Sunderland has been at the
E ' "
church about a year, and has already
gained a 'high reputation as a forcible
and scholarly speaker. His action took
the congregation by surprise.
■ m ■
■ ♦ ■
Services in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND, Aug. T..— Rev. William E.
Blackstone of Chicago occupied the pulpit
of the Brooklyn Presbyterian Churcn this
morning, ar.d this afternoon he preached
at Epworth Hall on the subject cf "Our
*
Lord's Soon Coming." -_ :~
At the First United Presbyterian Church
Rev. J. B. Warren of BerKeley conducted
both the morning and evening service.
"The Heroisms of War anu Peace was
the topic of Rev. C. 1 L Hill's discourse
this evening in the Tenth-avenue Baptist
Chui-ch. -'■' - ., "*■/.
"To Him That Overcometh and
Him ~~
"Christ and the Coming People" were the
subjects r>f Rev. W. H. Penhallegons ser
mons at the First Presbyterian Church.
At the First Baptist Church this morn-
ing the annual children's rally was held
and a gocd programme carried out. In
the evening Rev. C. H. Hobart spoke of
"Leaves and Fishes, or the Question of
Bread and Butter."
"The Moral Bearing of Recent Strikes
ring of Recent S
on Social Reform" was the subject of an
interesting and instructive^ discussion by
Rev. C. R. Brown at the First Congrega
tional Church this evening. William B.
King, lately from Paris, presided at the
crgan at both services to-day. He has
just spent about three years studying un-
der masters.
At the Second Congregational Church
a
this evenine Rev. W. R. Blair addressed
the local Knights cf Pythias, who attend-
*
ed in a body. Rev. Mr. Blair discussed
the merit? of fraternity.
"The Soldiers' Welcome Home" was the
subject cf Rev. Alfred Bayley's sermon
at the Fourth Congregational Church to-
- [ - - .
tiirht. -XX r -2.
P.ev. Mr. Davidson of Chicago occupied
the pulpit at St. Paul'! Episcopal Church
this morning.
P.ev. E. R. Dilie. pastor of the First M
E. Church, spoke to-night on "The Home
coming cf Our Soldiers." There was spe
cial music-
Alameda Naurs Notes.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 27.— The funeral of
the late- Mrs. Matilda W. Shreve was he'd
at 11 o'clock this morning from the M. E.
Church South. The services were con
ducted by Rev J Scott. U. S. A, Th*»
Rev. J. Hannon assisted. The interment
was In Mountain View Cemetery.
A (-'.am bake and bullshead breakfast
will be tendered the Alameda members
of the First California Volunteers by the
citizens of the city at the residence of
Ed Cleveland on Bay Farm Island next
Sunday morning. Buses wil I be run
from Park street and Encinal avenue for
the accommodation of guests. An in
teresting programme is being arranged.
and the reception premises to be a grand
D premises to I
affair.
Within a few- weeks Corporal Gus
— *.-. a f<=w weeks - Gus
Smiley will speak of his adventures in
the Philippine Islands for the benefit of
some charitable organization.
Freshmen to Drill.
ALAMEDA, Aug. a.— lnstruction in the
military department of the University of
California will begin to-morrow morning.
Professor Frank Scule. Commandant of
the corps, has issued an order for aU the
freshmen to form in front of the library
building at 11:15 a. m. They will then be
organized Into a battalion of four com
panies, averagir.s* over fifty men to each
company. Officers and non-commis
sioned officers of the battalion will t»
a««=lgned to th- duties at the time of
organization. All the upper class men
taking drill will be formed into a second
battalion at the same time under the
command of Major XVt R. Moulthrop.
Dol'.v— told Mr. Nicefellow that I bet
Reggie twenty kisses that our club would
win the race at Brighton.
Daisy— Well, wasn't ne shocked?
—No; I Set him hold tte stake*
THE SAN I EAN CISCO CALL. MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1899.
OAKLAND
TO WELCOME WYOMING MEN
GOVERNOR D. F. RICHARDS.
GOVERNOR D. W. Richards of Wyoming arrived in this city last Saturday to
be the first to welcome the brave volunteers of his State, as soon as they
reach their native land ignis. They are expected to arrive on the transport
Grant In the near ' -' -- Governor Richards was elected to his present high
office last fa., having served with distinction as a member of both branches of the
Btate Legislature. He is accompanied by his staff and a irgs party of civilians.
OAKLAND STILL
COMING HOME
FROM THE FETE
♦
Hospitable Frisco Her
Hospitable Frisco Her
Thousands Held.
Thousands Held.
♦ — ■
AN IMPULSE MOVED ATHENS
— * —
HISTORICAL FACT OF ALL-NIGHT
FERRY SERVICE.
FERRY SERVICE.
1
Some Have Not Yet Returned From
the Paeeant Welcome to Cali-
the Pageant Welcome to Cali
fornia's Regiment — But One
Accident Reported.
Accident Reported.
»
r-s. r.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Aug*. -"
Oakland is stiil coming home, and it has
now been proved beyond the perad%enture
of a doubt that the Athens of the Pa
cf a Athens oi . Pa
cific can be moved by a common im
pulse. The proof is the attendance of Oak
landers at the grand pageant and demon
stration tendered by San Francisco to the
returning First California Regiment.
The exodus for the metropolis began
when The Call announced by bulletins and
*
booming cannon the happy sighting of the
transport Sherman. Ever since then Oak
land has been moving across the bay,
ar.d now her people are coming home.
Fcr the last few evenings, and last
For rt few - - last
night in particular, the streets were de
serted as they never were before. Thou
sands of homes were temporarily bereft
of their occupants, yet last night the city
felt so safe that It spared a dozen or
more of its "Haesi." besides the Mayor
and nearly all the officials, for the great
parade. It would be foolish to speculate
as to when they came back. Numerous
disappearances were reported to-day, but
Chief of Police Hodzkins Is paying little
or no atention to these. He feels confi
dent that they will turn up when they
have had their surcease of the dazzling
splendor cf San Francisco hospitality.
Crossing the bay, however, carrfed with
. * «
it some unpleasantness bordering on the
humorous. The Southern Pacific, in its
effort to carry into effect Its declaration
-
that none of its ferry boats should carry
more than a reasonable and safe num
ber, had Its gatemen on the San Fran
cisco side shut their gates after punching
a certain quota of tickets for a good load.
and in this way many merry parties were
- i way i
split ut> ar.d many husbands and wives
were tStts temporarily and most involun
tarily separated rather unceremoniously.
The "ferry steamers and the trains on this
<de th" bay were running until nearly *>
o'clock this' morning, when the new day's
'-un began. Every train— and each con
tained more cars than ordinarily— was
crowded. It was certainly something tha;
bas rever befere been witnessed in the
history of Alameda and San Francisco
counties The vast throngs seemed to be
rery 'a'rly handled. Every ferry boat that
wa« worthy was put in commission, ar.d
while all •rrorts tc run trains on time
* *
proved futiie and entirely out of the ques
tion, there were no accidents reported en
boat or train. .
Though in rather a remote sense, the
b!e"den-.onstratlon last night was indi
rectly responsible for Mrs. Rosa sober
anes breaking her right leg. she. too
was" determined to witness the parade and
Illumination across the bay, ar.d in her
Mcerness ;o catch an early tram she ran
toward the depot at First street and
Broadway and accidentally stubbed ncr
foot against an obstruction. She fell vio
iertlv to the ground and was picked up
nnconscious. At the Receiving Hospital
"hfTracture was reduced and later she
fracture waa
was "rem ' to her home. sto Third
street. \
RAILROAD FRANCHISES
TO BE DISCUSSED
BERKELEY, Aug. 27.— 1t Is now a
month since the Southern PaclSc
Company made its first moxe toward
securing a monopoly of the street-car
traffic of the university town. To-morrow
night 't is expected that the *_oard of
Trustees, in their regular meeting, will
come to some decision in the matter.
The thing will not go through without
a vigorous protest. Property-owners on
Bancroft way are raising serious objec
tions to the use of that street for rail
way purposes, and the residents Of North
Berkeley are not likely to see their right
of free transportation into the central
part of town cut off without a struggle.
They will urge the board to take a longer
time to consider the matter, and thus
postpone for a month or more the final
granting of the monopoly to Uncle Collis.
Bids for the franchises close to-morrow
at noon. They are to be opened at 8 p. m..
when the Trustees are called to order. It
i • understood .at the board will refuse
to accept a stated sum each year in con
sideration for the franchises, exacting in
stead, 3 per cent of the yearly receipts.
Rev. Mr. French 1= Recovering.
OAKLAND. Aug. 27.— Rev. J M. French.
pastor of the First United. Presbyterian
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
Church, who a week ago was brought
home on a stretcher from Gueraeviile.
where he had gone in search of health, is
to-day reported on the fair road to recov-
i I to recow
erv. "For several days grave fears were
entertained, and Dr. Wakefield, the fam
ily physician, has been in attendance and
believes now that the pastor will rapidly
ANNUAL ENCAMPMENT
OF NATION'S VETERANS
Many Californians Will Attend the
Gathering Which .Will Take
Place at Philadelphia.
Past Commander Sol Cahen. department
of California and Nevada, with other rep
resentatives, wiil leave to-morrow for
Philadeiphia to attend the thirty-third
national encampment of the Grand Army
of the Republic, which will be formally
opened in the Grand Opera-house on Mon
day, September 4.
In order to make thi3 official reunion
of the veterans of the Civil War one of
the greatest events in the history of the
organization the citizens of Philadelphia
will extend to visiting soldiers the most
iavish hospitality. On Monday afternoon
there will oe a parade of naval veterans,
but the grand parade of the ola army wiii
*
take place on Tuesday morning, when, it
Is estimated, at least sj,'aa> members of
the Grand Army wili be in Une.
the Grand Army will he ir. '..
Camp James A. Sexton will be a novel
feature of the encampment. On a beaut.
ful stretch of sloping ground in Fair
mount Park a camp site has been selected,
which wiil contain tents and cots and all
the features of a modern military camp,
where more than 10,000 comrades can be
provided for who prefer this mode of life.
- *
During the week there will be held re
unions of the armies of the Potomac.
Cumberland, Tennessee and Ohio; of
corps, division and regimental associa
tions.
A grand excursion on th« Delaware
River and a review of the North Atlantic
squadron, under Rear Admiral Sampson,
will take place Friday.
The national conventions of the
Woman's Relief Corps and of the Ladies
of the Grand Army will also be held dur
ing the encampment week. .:« P.
National headquarters of command
er in chief and .--■-.- be at the Conti
nental Hotel, where Commander Cahen
and the California delegation will also
make headquarters. The following are
among the California representatives who
will take part in the encampment: Gen
eral Charles A Woodruff, assistant com
missary general United States army. of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2. San Fran
cisco: Comrades F. L. Turpin and Phil J.
Landergan. same post; E. K. Russell, Lin
coln Poet No. 1. San Fran* *->; General
J. J Gosper, Eartlett-Loean Post No. 6,
Los Angeles: A. E. Davis and Colonel E.
W. Jones of Stanton Post No. 55. Los An
ireles; C. I Rice of Riverside Pos; No.
118, Riversfde: Georee W. H--rr **:" Warren
Pest No. 54. Sacramento: Jud?e John W.
Glass and H. J. Wallace of John A. Dix
Post No. -. San Jose: W. W. Russell of
Corinth Post No. 80. Marysville. and Ma
jor J. H. Simpson of Kilpatrick Post No.
SS, St. Helena.
=
ANNUAL REUNION OF
THREE COUNTIES OF ERIN
SONS OF TYRONE. FERMANAGH
AND DONEGAL.
Crowds Gather at Shell Mound and
Spend the Day in Merry-Making,
Dancing and Games.
The ninth annual reunion and games of
the Tyrone. Fermanagh and Donegal
Benevolent Society at Shell Mound Park
yesterday was a great success. The an
nouncement on the circulars. "The Xorth
is up! The lads from the land of the
O'Neils and O.Donnells cordially invite
one and ail to our picnic." caused over a
thousand pleasure-seekers to respond, and
they were well repaid in the enjoyment of
the day-
Valuable gate, game and racing prizes
were distributed tp the lucky ones, and
dancing in the big pavilion came in for a
large share cf attention.
. -
The jig and reel dancing en a platform
in the open air was , a special feature of
th* outing, and J. O'Connor, P. J. Kelle
her. J. Cronin and P. Tamony divided
honors in the contests. The music was
furnished by Tim McCarthy and John
McMahon. "the fiddler," who were en
cjco-j to attend to the i'-S and reel danc
ing." The celebration lasted ur.: 11
o'clock at night. '' Pr-y
The Tyrone. Fermanagh and Donecal
Society is beneficial in its character and
di»tr;butes considerable money every
month Cor sick members and their
famfiies It has 360 members and the offi
cers are: President. John Devenv: vice
- - lent. John Qulnlan; recording secre
tary Bernard Gorman; financial secre
tary, Hugh McGlaughan: corresponding
secretary. James McCiafferty; treasurer,
John Daley.
In addition to the officers the following
In addit; JB the fallowing
were on the committee of arrangements.
to which the success of the affair was
due: Patrick Hurley, Peter Garrey,
Hugh O'Farrell. James McCarthy, John
Collins and Edward Gelding. Floor man
ager, Peter Tarr.
__— . — ■ -t- i ■ - - -
Charged "With Larceny.
Charles Walker, colored, was arrested
last ever.', on the complaint of Annie
Mardens, also colored, and charged at the;
California-street station with petty '.ar- j
cenv. Both the principals in the case
were members of a party :r. a Pacific- (
street saloon. Whiie drinking the Mar
dens woman missed a sealskin sack. She
holds Walker responsible for Its disap
pearance. Walker has been in prison be- •
fora . m
Berkeley
GAGGED WHILE
ROBBERS PLY
THEIR TRADE
♦
Strange Story of an
Strange Story of an
Oakland Girl.
ANOTHER BOLD BURGLARY
— —
GLADIS BAILEY'S SENSATIONAL
TALE TO : HE POLICE.
♦
She Says That She Was Botmd East
She Says That She Was Bound East
to a Chair While Ttto
Men Sacked the
Ho US'i.
*
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. Ti.
The police authorities are puzzled over
a burglary reported by Mrs. G. E. Bailey
as having been committed to-day at her
home. 2051 Linden street, and although but
little booty was secured the boldness and
daring outdoes In details the case reported
from the Blake block about two weeks
ago, wherein little. Ethel Roberts was
gagged by a burglar in her mother's room
In broad daylight.
The burglary at the Bailey residence
was committed this forenoon while Mr?.
Bailey, two at her daughters and a son
were atending church. Gladis. another
laughter aged I] years, had been left at
home to complete her toilet, which had
been delayed, and what occurred while
the girl was attending to these duties .8
tit by herself substantially as follows:
While standing before the mirror in her
mother's bedroom two apparently young
men, their faces partially hidden by black
masks, one with a brown mustache.
dressed In a gray coat and dark trousers
and Fedora hat, the other with a smooth
face, and in a dark suit wearing a gray
cap, entered the room, and -with revolvers
level- [ at her head threatened her with
instant death if she cried out. While one
of the intruders guarded her the other se
cured some clothesline rope and the girl
was then tied down in a chair, after which
a search was made for valuables. A purse
lying on the bureau, containing 11 15. was
about the only thing found worth taking.
The two burglars then untied the girl.
but before doing so secured some blacking
and blacked Gladis' face. Then they
locked her up In a closet off the kitchen.
They then made their exit through the
rear door. locking lt and placing the key
on the back porch.
When Mrs. Bailey and the other mem
bers of the family ....
the girl locked in the closet, and to them,
as well as to Detective Holland and Cap
tain Wilson of the police department,
Gladis related her story.
The girl declares she never saw the men
before. She says when they left one cf
them remarked, "You'll know me again
when ycu see me." the girl says she
dared not make an outcry for fear of be
ing murdered, so she calmly awaited the
return of her folks. The neighbor! is
a quiet one, not thickly settled and com
posed of churchgoing folk.
The police are Inclined to discredit the
girl's story, yet a thorough investigation
is to be conducted.
THE CURACAO ARRIVES
FROM CENTRAL AMERICA
A MAN FALLS INTO THF BAY
FROM MISSION WHARF.
FROM MISSION WHARF.
What Sunday Brought to the Harbor
Hospital From Places Along
Hospital From Places Along
the City Front.
rterday was an unusally quiet day
on the water front. The night . -....__, .-....__ -.
exhausted every one, and the city was
every r.o. and the dty was
inclined to stay at home and rest- The
decorations had, In a great measure, been
taken down, the palms had been torn
from their fastenings and the only things
left to remind one that a celebration had
taken place were the list of casualties
on the book of the 'P.-.- Hospital and
the bad painting on the front of the
Ferry buiidinsr.
Fortunately the Harbor Hospital had
little that was serious to report. There
was ■-. lon* list of accidents chronicled,
but they amounted, with two exceptions.
to little more than bruised fingers r.i
fainting fits, though there were all sev
eral cases of those who bad drank not
wisely but too well.
The first of the two exceptions was
George Battorf, a young mar. employed in
the Sacramento Rolling Mills. He had
come down to the city to help along the
festivities. In order to properly fall In
with the spirit of the occasion he filled
up on the spirit? of East street. But his
plans miscarried. Instead .of falling in
with the occasion he fell into the bay
from the end of Mission wharf and was
fished out and taken to the hospital just
In time to save his life. He was dis
charged this morning and left for the in
terior, where, he says, he will re content
to remain In the future.
The second exception was Mrs. Nellie
Jacobson of j"4 Howard street, who took
exception to the amorous advances of a
casus stranger. Her rejection of the
compliment so offered the stranger that
he drew a knife and slashed her face.
The stranger is onw being eagerly sought
for along the water front
The only arrival of any importance
during the day was the Pacific Coast
Steamship ------ Curacao,
which came in yesterday morning after a
ten days' trip up the coast from Guay
mas. She brought no news of interest,
and her voyage was uneventful.
The Chief Wharfinger's office received
an order yesterday to keep steam up on
the Markham, so that she would be
ready to leave on a moment's notice and
go out to meet the transport Grant as
soon as that vessel is reported. -ry
A FAREWELL BANQUET.
General WarSeld Bade Bon Voyag-e
by His Staff.
General Warfield was tendered a ban
quet last evening at the California Hotel
by the members of his staff, who made it
the occasion to say good-by and wish him
a pleasant month of travel through the
Eastern States. Although the general
has not ye definitely fixed the date of his
departure, the time was considered right
for a substantial farewell and a most en
joyable even - was the result.
Colonel and Mrs. Victor puboce were
the guest of honor, and the colonel was
kept busy reountlng his experiences and
those of the gallant First in the Philip
pines. After the fashion of banquets at
the California the viands and wines were
ail that could be desired, and the four
hours spent at table were keenly en
joyed. The?- present were:
General and Mrs. Warfield, Colonel and
Mrs. Victor Duboce, Colonel J. G. Cast
ing. Miss Giesting. Colonel H. D. Bush,
Major and Mrs. H. A. Wegner. Major
and Mrs. J. C. Margo. Major C. J. Evans.
Miss Bartlett. Major and Mrs. Charles
Jansen. Major H. B. Hosmer and sister.
Miss Hosmer, Captain and Mrs. Nap
thaly and Captain A. A. Hanks and sis
ter. . - ._X2y
■ ♦ *
Stole an Austrian Medal.
George Rabych was arrested last night |
at a Third-street restaurant on a com- 1
plaint issued In Santa Crux County charg- j
ing grand larceny. It Is claimed the pris- j
oner stole an Austrian medal of great j
value from a Boulder Creek rancher, j
The medal was found on him. - J
CAPSIZED THEIR
CRAFT WHILE
THEY FOUGHT
— — —
Disastrous Ending of
a Boat Ride.
— • —
FRITZ WOLFERT DROWNED
FRITZ WOLFERT DROWNED
— *
HIS COMPANION. 2-IBS. STUHErStI,
HIS COMPANION. MBS. MUHEIM.
IS RESCUED.
»
Woman Tells Conflicting Stories of
the Affair and Surrounds the
Accident With Mys
tery.
♦
Fritz W -- - : Un '..--
Frita Wolfert and Mrs. Lena Muheim
went boat riding on the bay yesterday,
and during* the progress oi a dispute be
tween them the boat was capsized. Noth
ing baa been heard cr seen of Wolfert
since, and Mrs. Muheim was rescued some
hours later by Hans Nelson, who found
her clinging to the upturneu boat.
All the parties live out on the San
Bruno road, beyond Silver avenue. Wol
fert Is, or was, a clam digger by occupa
tion and a boaster by profession. It was
his profession that was the indirect cause
of the accident Although he had a wife
and a grown bob, he spent much of his
time la the company of Mrs. Muheim,
who also has a husband living.
Wolfert had frequently boasted to Mrs.
Muheim that he was an expert with the
oars and could swim like a fish. On many
occasions he- bad offered to take rout
rowing, but always failed, on some pre
text or other, to keep his promise. Yes
terday morning Mrs. Muheim chided him
and told him that she believed he was
afraid of the water. That was too much.
Be went straight and secured a flat
bottom boat and invited Mrs. Muheim to
accompany him. She accepted the invita
tion, and they started about '. o'clcck in
the afternoon.
Mrs. Muheim states that they had no
sooner pulled away from the shore thai
she was sails that Wollert had never
been in a boat before. He handled the
oars awkwardly and finally lost one of
them overboard.
Mrs. Muheim's statements as to what
followed are somewhat foggy She told
Hans Nelson, who rescued her. that she
and Wolfert engaged in a row and during
the scrimmage the boat was capsized. To
the reporters she said that Wolfert at
tempted to light his pipe, lost his balance
and as he went overboard grabbed her
dress and pulled her in after him. She
remembers struggling in the water for
some time and finally reaching the boat.
She looked around for her companion,. but
he had disappeared. She says that she re
mained in the water, .... bot
tom of the boat, for more than an hour
before she was rescued.
The Coroner was notified, but no at
....... made to recover the body.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
C M. Maze, a car:-- of Modesto, and
wife are guests a; the Lick.
Charles G. Lamberson. an attorney of
Visalia. is stopping at the Lick.
Dr. M. H. Cassell of Miami MUM was
among yesterday's arrivals at the Lick.
A . Joy, a prominent young Sacramento
politician, Ix spending a few days ln this
city.
H. F. Geer. a big ranch owner of - -.
lock, Stanislaus County, is a guest at the
Lick.
J. A. Linscott. a prominent politician
and ranch owner of Watsonville, is at the
Grand.
W. H. P. cut ledge and Thcmas Harming
of London are among the guests at the
Palace.
William Garland and wife of Los An
geles were among yesterday's arrivals at
the Palace.
Charles McClatchy. editor of the Sac
ramento Ere. returned to Sacramento
yesterday afternoon.
Railroad Commissioner N. Blacks
arrived yesterday from Ventura and is
stopping at the rand.
William N. Ross, a wealthy cattle owner
of Eureka is spending a few days in this
city. He is registered at the Lick.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. Edson
arrived yesterday from Gazelle. Siskiyou
County, and is registered at the Occi
dental.
August C. Hihn. the Santa Cruz capital
ist, and wife and Mrs. Lucie Hamlin were
among yesterday's arrivals at the Grand.
State Centre. E. P. Coif who has
been stopping In this city through the
reception season, has returned to Sacra
— cute
S IfartfnelH and L M irth
S. Martlnelll and L. Martinelli, extensive
orchardists .-. the Pajaro Valley, arrived
yesterday from Watsonville and are reg
istered at the Grand.
Mis? Pearl McKinney, a young lady
prominent In Santa Cruz society, is stop
ping at the California after a year spent
in the Hawaiian Islands.
G. A. Latham, a capitalist of Boise City,
Idaho, and wife arrived yesterday from
Boise and will remain in this city unui
after the return of the Idaho volunteers.
who are expetced to arrive to-day on th*>
transport Grant Mr. and Mrs. Latham
have joined Governor Stuenenberg and
Adjutant General Beaver at the Grand
Hotel.
Assemblyman and Mrs. "William Cowan
returned last evening to their home in
Santa Rosa after three days spen; in this
city in witnessing the reception to the
California Volunteers. >.
Thomas J. Clark, interested in the
Franklin. Grand Victory and other big
mining properties of El Dorado County,
arrived yesterday from Placerville and Is
putting up at the Grand.
Milton Besse, Sheriff of Santa Cruz
County and grand marshal of the X. S.
G. W.. return- I to Santa Cruz yesterday
after having participated In the big night
parade in honor of the returned volun
teers.
H. D. C. Earnhardt the Santa Cruz cap
italist, arrived yesterday from Stockton,
where he spent the pas; two months su
perintending the harvesting of the crop
on his big San Joaquin Valley ranch. Mr.
Earnhardt is at the Lick and will return
to Stockton this afternoon.
— ■ ♦ ■
Died From His Injuries
E. Elliott, a laborer residing at 1*355*2
Mission street, died yesterday from in
juries recevied abou: ten days ago while
ago while
loading hay on the United States ship
Siam. At the time of the accident El
liot: with other laborers, was engaged in
lowering a bale of hay into the ship, when
he in some manner lost his balance and
fell into the hold. He was treated at the
Harbor Receiving Hospital and afterward
•aken to his home, where he was attend
ed by Drs. Sobasley and Andersen. His
death was reported to the Coroner and
the body was removed to the Morgue.
The deceased was a native of Novo Sco
tia aged 44 years and unmarried.
. — ■ m ■ —
Bumped Against a Telegraph Pole.
Henry Thompson of Company L, Firs:
California, called at the hospital early
yesterday morning and had a long cut In
bis chin stitched and dressed. He was
walking along Market street wit' two
young ladies, when one of them dropped
her handkerchief. Thompson missed her
when she stopped to pick it up and
swung around to see what had become of
her. As he did so his chin struck against
a telegraph pqle.
■ ♦ ■
A rustless metal has been patented
by a Pennsylvanian. composed of in
gredients U* proportion as follows:
Iron. 100 pounds; chrome, half &
pound; tungsten, quarter of a pound,
and nickel quarter of a pound, with a
small quantity of salt
Weather Report.
036 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCT3CO. A-?--1' tT— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperature* were
reported from stations in California, to-day:
Etireka sS|Saa Diego «3
Fresno S5 Sacramento «
Los Angeles %2 Independence *•»
Red Bluff %4 Tama -•■+
San Luis Obispo SSJ
San Fraccisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum. ": mean. '"
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tfce pressure has risen decidedly .... ...
northern portion of tlie Pacific Slcne. An
area cf high pressure is central off Vancouver
Island, moving eastward.
rt ward
Tfce temperature changes have been slight la
ali districts, and tbe temperature is nearly
normal over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains.
Scattered lieht showers have occurred la
---..-■ rt tt in
Washington and Northern Arixoua.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
what .--■-»-■ in California Monday.
Forecast made at Saa Francisco for thirty
boors ending midnight. ■_.--;■ 1??9:
Northern California— Fair; warmer Monday;
fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; freeh
w«: wind-
Nevada— Fair Monday; cooler in north per
tion.
Ctab— Fair: cooler Monday.
"-"- - --.*--- We zia.7
Arixoua— Partly cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday:
warmer; fresh west wind
-. H. -XILLPON.
Ixxal Forecast Official.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United - States ~-3«* and Geodetic Surrey—
-■-*- and Height* ct High sai Lew
Water* at Fort Point, entrance ta Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tbe Superintendent.
NOTE— Tbe high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later -.-a- at I act Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAT. AUGUST 3.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
... early momin* tide* ... __ -.- In tfce left
hand column and -.be successive tide* cf th*
day In tbe order at occurrence a* to time. Tbe
second time colnran give* the second tide of
tfce day. •-* 6 third time column tie third tide
and the •*■*• -- right hand column gives tie
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. Tfce heights
given -. — additions to the sounding* on th*
United State* -***■- Bat-way chart*, exeert
when a minus sign {— ) precede* Das height,
and tbi tbe number given ls subtracted from
tbe depth given by the -harts, Th* plane of
reference ls tbe — -*- cf the lower low water*.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. August 17.
Stmr Columbia^ Greets, 50** hours from Port
land. „ . . _ .
Br stmr Sikh. Rowley. 1? daya from Ycko-
Br «:~: P*.V:h, Rowley, B day* fr-om Yck*>
hama-
Stmr Curacao. Voa Helms. 11 daya from
- - «. U day* from
- -
--.- " .---i- LittlefieH M h*rar» from
Stmr Mackinaw, LittleSeld. W houra from
Tacoma. „ \ *.*■' , *. . '"■'■ 'XX
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. 74 hours from
- v uaette fTaiww, .4 boaata nasi
Seattle.
Stmr Santa Crur. --=■--- 42 houra from
Pert' Harford- ":-- Lr-P"-Xy-^<
Stmr Newsboy. Fosen. 2 hours from sal.
Bi Kate Davenport. Merriman. « days from
Tacoma. :*"*-.'- ZZ '
. Schr Mary Etta. Andersen, Li hoars from
nm boon barn
Bowens Landing. ■■_ ~. .- -■*'". -Xy-
Schr Barbara Hemster. Jensen. 4 days M
Gray? Harbor.
Schr Five Brothers, •-=»-. 14 hours from
Blhiers Pdnt-
SAILED.
Sunday. Augast 17.
Jar Augaat 17.
Stmr Aibicn. Erickson. Cape Nome.
Stmr Pcmcna. Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensen. Mf- r.i ---:-■!.
Bktn Northwest. Lund. .a: :*3ia.
, Bk Haydn Brown. Paulsen. Eureka: la tow
of tvs Rescue.
Schr Sequoia, Larse-a. Eureka: in tow cf
- - vim .-■--. - lam m
tue Rescue. *-■ X, Z* ' XZ- "±
Schr Bender Brother?, Wetzel. Bowens Lasd-
- •- - Wttttt, B-Dwecs Lard-
*Schr Wetfoot. Mercer. Columbia River.
TELEGRAPHIC-
POINT LOBOS. Aug. ZL '-".- D- m.— Waather
hazy; wind *rest: velocity 50 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Mackinaw— Saw .bk Kate Davenport eS
Per Mackinaw— Saw bk Kate DBMBMBt :Z
Point Reyes.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS
TACOMA— Arrived August 57— Schr John A.
Campbell, from -an Pedro.
Sailed Aueust Shin Columbia, for Saa
Francisco- Schr Una. for San Francisco. An
ru«t 27— Schr Winslow, for .
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed August Schr
Fred E. Sander, far .
COOS BAY— Arrived August 27— Stmr Signal.
hence August 14. Schr Daisy P.: we. hear**
August it. : ""
Sailed Aueust 17— Stmr Alcazar, fcr San
HCMrt 27— Btmr A.cazar. fcr San
Francisco. Stmr Brnnswlck. for Baa Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed tot* IS— Schr
Winslow. for .
HUENEME— SaiIed Aug_st ?7— Schr Mabel
Gray, for Eureka.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived August T7— Stmr Na-
-■ PEDRO— Arrived August *7— Stmr Na
varro, from Usal. ■ . ''X .'■• PZ'fml'--
SAN PEDRO— August 77— Schr Sa
die, from UmDQua. -'-'- -T. _ _
FORT BRAGG— Arrived August Stmr
Noyo aad schr Sophia Sutherland, hence An-
August r-Schr Martha W. Tuft, for
Port ROSS— Arrived August 17— Schr Mary
. - r Mary C. for San
FFrREK\-Arrived ■)««-( 27-Stmr Weectt.
h-nce Aueust tt Schr Mary Dodge, hence
luatLt IS Schr Sorrow, hence August 14.
4-hr UUebona*. from Saa Pedro.
=illed Aurust 27— Bkta Uncle John aad
Jessie Minor, for Honolulu. Stmr Scad.
for — --
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived August 17— Stmr
R^rcea. from New Yorw. for Bremen. - -
V£T»ed August rr-Stmr Friedrich der
riZ-^^e from Bremen, for New York.
HAVRE— Arrived August IT— Stmr La Bre
tagae. from New York.
QCEENSTO'WN— Sailed August Stair
Campania, from Liverpool, for New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Aueust IS— Stmr City of
K«m» from Glasgow, tor New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aursa Star
Fir.*: land, from LiverpocL
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
M 9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkin street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.^
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock. ■
MEETING NOTICES. __
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16. K. •*■-
T.. Golden Gate building. 025 Sutter THf*****
at.— Special Assembly this evening ftjj
at 8 o'clock. Tbe Order of the Temple *Bf
will be conferred. All fraters are »
courteously invited.
J. C CAMPBELL. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. _______
BAN Francisco Chapter No. 1. Royal _A_
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. IL_K
P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. _____
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ■
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, *t^\_
7:30 o'clock. 3 D Master Masons cor- jC3T
dlally Invited, By order of the W. M. '-w 1
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary. I
PACIFIC T^odge No. 136. F. and A. M.— » ,
Officers and members are hereby noti-
fled to attend the funeral of our late TC3k
brother. WILLIAM JAMES THOM-'^T^
SON, on TUESDAY. August 29. 1899, at 12:30!
o'clock p. m.. from B'nai B'rith Hall. Eddy |
st. By order of the Master.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary-
KINO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M.. 1839 Fillmore st— Second _£__
degree THIS (MONDAY EVENING. tCJT
at 7:30 o'clock. By order of the S. W. f^F >
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. <^^^^
F. — New bylaws come up for lis- -JyjSfNl
cusslon and final action TO- -^^i*f^^
NIGHT (MONDAY). "'''™
C. H. KORNBECK. N. G.
WILLIAM B. CURTIS. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 155, Order Eastern W*
Star— A called meeting will be held JrL
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 V
o'clock, at Mission Masonic Temple, "
2>i6B Mission st., for the conferring of de- '
grees. By order of the W. M.
MARY G. FOSTER, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applicatloas to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. S. Goodwin ln the Blrdseye t
Creek placer mine, at You Bet, Nevada
County, to deposit tailings ln an old pit; from j
Mrs. E. A. Cox. In the Washington mine, at
Whisky Diggings, Sierra County, to deposit ,
tailings In Fourth Ravine, and from George I
W. Stone and James J. Schenrlch, In the Red :
Hill gravel mine, near Diamond Springs, El :
Dorado County, to deposit tailings In a ra-
vine and in Ringgold Creek, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood J
building, San Francisco. Cal., on September -
4. 1899. at 1:30 p. m.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn: moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offlces to the Parrott build- ;
ing. 815-856 Market St.: tel. South SIS.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without success; collections. G. W. '
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market St.. room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law, Emma ;
Spreckels building, 927 Market St.
L. 8. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mas.
,
ACCOUNTANTS.
F. X BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— Strictly first-class; 1714 ■■
Market st., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up; !
suites without board, $1 per day; single rooms. ,
50c; special rates by month, also to tourists.
FRUITVALE; priv. board; extensive grounds,
mcl. orchard; Hopkins House. Hopkins and
Frultvale ay. ; cars p»ss. Ad. Diamond P. O. !
LAS PALMAS. I^2o Market-Parlor, 2 bed- !
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath: board op.
O'FARRELI 742— Clean, comfortable rooms; j
good hi me cooking; special rates to gents. i
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Good home for baby where mother J
can room; gas, bath and washing must be j
reasonable: north of Market. Address MRS.
E.. 818 Lark;:: st. . - *:-
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. ;
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^sBso; RESTAURANT, opp. City Hall; good
estab. place; best class of custom; fullest In-
vestigation solicited. R. G. WILKE, 806
Market st. j
X— $2.'." RESTAURANT doing a good business |
on Larkin st. ; rent low; splendid place for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— ssoo— SALOON establ. many years; clearing '■
above 8100 per month; close to Market and.
Fourth sts. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s3oo; PARTNER wanted by a lady in a first-
class paying saloon; very best location; low ]
rent; Investigate at once. R. G. WILKE,
906 Market st.
A— s3oo; FRUIT and vegetable store on Second '
Ft.; horse, wagon; cheap rent; good paying.
Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— s6so; SALOON: elegant furniture; daily re- |
ceipts $1S; rent $60; close to Chronicle. R. G. !
WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— $1800; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer .
point; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab- ;
lished years; full value In sight; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
$750; CORNER grocery and bar ln Western
Addition; splendid business; first-class pay-
ing; sickness of owner causes a bargain.
WILKE. 906 Market st
A— $1000; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon in
wholesale district; established many years
and doing splendid business; no low prices;
rent cheap. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
CALL and see my lists of fine business propo-
sitions; fine paying restaurants, coffee houses,
saloons, groceries, hotels, city, country mer-
chandise stores for sale and exchanged;
money loaned on furniture at 1% per cent.
EITEL. 1008M> Market st.
$700; BAKERY. Western Addition: hand-
some store; 6 sunny living rooms; 8 horses, ■
wagons: fine condition; bakes 2xi__ barrels
flour dally; owner there 9 years. STEN-
BERG, 26% Kearny St.
A $400 SALOON on Market St.; bargain;
owner retiring from business. See COWING
Sc CO., 995 Market st.
A FINE chance to purchase a store, business
agency for sewing machines, 3 living rooms,
clearing $75 mo. HEALY & CO.. 917 Market
J37S— SPLENDID bargain; candy and Ice cream
parlor. COAST EXCHANGE CO.. 719 Market.
OYSTER stand to let. Apply 236 Third st.
$1000— BEST paying business in city; must be
sold account sickness; easy terms. 10 Sixth.
IF you desire a ranch home where there ls
pure air, water and refined influences, where
your wife and children will be happy, do not
delay, but secure the 160 acres for sale at a
much reduced price near Lower Lake, Lake
County, the garden of the Union. For par-
ticulars inquire in person of M. A. BROOKS, ]
12 Golden Gate aye.
8500— PARTNERSHIP ln an old-established
saloon; good business; large stock; one of the .
owners Is offering his Interest because he ls j
engaged in other business; the remaining i
party is a reliable man; not absolutely neces- j
sary to lave experience, but must be a trust-
worthy man. 632 Market St. room 6.
FOR sale— A good paying business; a black- :
smith shop, tools, etc.. everything complete; ;
a comfortable dwelling, orchard, barn, chick- j
en-house; a water capacity, paying $15 per i
month; object retiring: business well estab- |
lished. Address R. N. CLARK, Gonzales,
. Monterey County, Cal. j
BARBER shop, country, connected with bath,
and all household furniture; in one of the
healthiest little towns on the coast; rent $10
for the whole house. Call on STOLTZ, 630
Market st. :*..'■:.*.: ;
CORNER store. Twenty-second and Castro sts..
new fixtures, for groceries and bar; good
stand. BURNHAM & MARSH CO., 20 Mont-
gomery st
BUTCHER shop: good location; cash business;
refrigerator and smokehouse; sickness cause
for Belling; a bargain. Box 3235, Call office.
ACROPOLIS chophouse, on Sutro Heights:
cheap: going to Europe. No. 5, half a block
from baths.
WANTED— Lodging house; 30 to 45 rooms; cen-
tral; cash buyer; no agents. Box 1343, Call.
BOARDING house and saloon for sale; cheap.
135 Folsom st.
PRIVATE boarding house; 16 rooms; all full;
north of Market Box 1311. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call offlce.
$500— PORK and delicacy store: well stocked:
receipts $600 month. Box 8269, Call offlce.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 1106
Larkin St., bet. 8 and 10 a. m. _____
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' S.X 412 Sacramento st.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $200; splendid local-
ity; cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
FOR sale — paying inside route on this
parer. Apply Call office.
FOR sale— A good home bakery; particulars at
2585 Market st., near Sixteenth. J. McElllgott.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPACED I Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
1 CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
I J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission J4_
! CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTlCA~~Cleanlng and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent Offlce and factory 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND Sl IRITUAUSM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections: unites the sep-
, arated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
ertv; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023H Market St.. near Sixth. Always consult
the best.
; MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
I band or wife; fee. 25c and up: satisfaction to
everybody: lucky numbers. 1167 Market St..
bet. Seventh and Eighth.
< MME. PORTER, wonder'"' clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladles. 50c: gents. 81; sittings. $1 50. 126 Turk.
i JOHN SLATER Circle to-night. 8:15. 1809
i Stockton, nr. Greenwich; sittings dally 10 to 4.
1 MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2* Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist:
past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card i
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st. near Mission.
1 GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
YOUR fortune told by cards, 25c: dally, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. ; Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 619 M; Larkn.
MRSC. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed. Sat. ; 2 & 8 p.m..loc&2sc;slttings daily.
! MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY, SYNOL
Removes the pain; an application to the
, gums and the nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warrante4 for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can j
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, .
}". 80 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flee hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fi 's teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first .
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G. !
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown j
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 60c up; crowns, I
13 up; open evenings. 8.70 Market st.
I DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES j
| S. F. DRESSMAKING School; practical meth-
ods; terms reasonable. 104 Kearny st.
I LATEST patterns just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice.
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical j
drawing; 25 teachers: individual instruction; j
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
i A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
DANCING^ Both adult and children's classes
at Hlnman's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk st.
and corner of Howard and Twenty-first sts.,
are now open for the season.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly; 50c
an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla.
A. L. MINER gives lessons, private or class,
in Latin, mathematics, physics, etc.; 20 years'
experience. 1312 Green st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ; day and eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Merket
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and c«neral
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
I in shorthand: pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
! SINGING, piano; Paris grad.; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 6-7; hours 2 to 8.
! LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
| MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
i . English; competent: translations. 1512 Cat. St.
I "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
mess College. 306 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
I ENGLISH literature, classes or private; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
I PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipsic; lessons. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
i BOOKKEEPING, arithmetlcgrammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st: tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female.
FIRST-CLASS Infants' nurse desires situation;
best, of ref. ; city or country. D. CULLEN,
" 325 Sutter st
NEAT young girl desires situation at second
work or nurse; city or country. D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st ___^ .
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation
at housework or cooking; best of ref.; city
or country. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
YOUNG girl wishes situation as cook or do
general housework. 473 Eddy, near Hyde.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female.
FIRST-CLASS German second girl desires sit-
• uation: reference; city or country. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.
I COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
i uation in country; good cook and house-
| worker. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st
I COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situation;
| American family; good reference. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under-
stands all branches of cooking; city or coun-
try. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper; understands cooking and is a good
manager; good references. Call or write R.
c, , 216 Brannan st. .
COMPETENT laundress would like to do work
ln exchange tor 2 partly furnished basement
rooms. Apply at .312 Van Ness av^
SITUATION by -competent girl to do house-
work and cooking;, wages $20. 651 Bay st,
near Leavenworth.
NEAT girl would like a position at upstairs
| work. Apply at 1585 Post st.
' FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a room In
exchange for work. Box 2210. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED waitress wishes situation.
1 Call or address 1 Polk st.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day,
washing or housecleaning. 615 Birch aye.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work by the
day. Address 312 Van Ness aye.
A NORWEGIAN woman wants to do washing
and Ironing or sewing on Monday and Tues-
day of every week. Call at 405 Turk st.
AN American lady would like a position as
housekeeper; widower preferred; city or
country. Address 1007 Church st.
COMPETENT person wants a place as cook,
willing to assist; wages $20 to $30. Apply 103
Van Ness aye.
PROTESTANT woman wishes position as man-
aging housekeeper; city or country; wages
$25; best of reterences. 1024 Noe St., near
Twenty-fourth.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day:
first-class laundress; makes herself useful;
best references given. 120 Wlldey St., near
Steiner, bet. Bush and Tine.
POOR woman with large family of children,
being without friends, wishes to get an op-
portunity to earn sufficient to get to her own
country, Mexico. Address 775 Washington St.,
Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggae to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
WANTBD— By young man, window or house
cleaning or other work; wallpaper cleaned.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.; tele-
I phone East 963.
STEADY, sober, young man wants situation
taking care of horses, cows, garden; good
driver; handy with all kinds of tools; refer-
ences. Box 3206. Call.
YOUNG man desires pos.. son with private
family; can milk, care for horses and gar-
j den; references. Box 3208, Call offlce.
AS barkeeper, experienced In business, with
best of personal references from last boss;
single, middle-aged. A. 8.. 87 Third st.
A GERMAN, 34, wants work as choreman on!
I ranch or private place taking care of live-
stock; good driver and milker; references
given; wages $25. W. GRAUDENZER, 636
Commercial st
YOUNG man wants place in saloon as porter '
to learn to tend bar. Address box 2208. Call.
GARDENER wants situation; understands
horses and cows; reference. Address room 62,
214 Third street. |
STEADY, sober, young man, not afraid of |
work, would like a position; can give refer- ;
ence Box 3213. Call offlce.
ALL-ROUND mechanic wants position; en-
gineering, setting up, running and including ,
repairs; also accustomed to handling men; |
reference. Address box 13SS, Call.
JAPANESE couple want menial work at same
place in tills city; board and room without. I
Address TAMURA. 521 Jessie St.
ENGINEER and machinist, young and active;
used to any kind of stationary or traction en-
gines, dynamos or motors; Al references.
Box 3240, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
understands the care of flne horses, cows,
garden work, is handy with tools and has
porter's experience, desires position. Box
I 3245. Call.
YOUNG man of 12 years' experience In com-
mission business, with $1000. desires a re-
j sponsible position; Al references. J. A. R..
1 box 811. Oakland oflice Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC work by a man with some
experience in most branches; climate, not
wages, chief object. Address box 3277. Call.
EXCHANGE.
FINELY located city house, exchange for Ala-
meda. Berkeley property: 6 lots Joining Stan-
ford University, exchange for Alameda house.
EITEL. P. ■<-*■■.. Market st
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
U'7l'4 Market St.. San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1010 Leaven worth.9 $40 2727 Jackson, 7 r $35
811 Ml-Sion, 8 r.537 50 056 McAllister. 7 r..530
534 Haight, 7 r.. 527 50 1349 Howard, 6 r $21
756 Folsom. 7 .821 00 1990 Ellis. 6 r $18
1184 Howard, 6 r.s2o 00 132 Scott. 6 r $ls
121 Cedar ay.. 5 r.sls 1609 Turk. 6 r $17 50
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat; modern i
Improvements; 1000 Webster St., cor. Golden |
Gate aye.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin St., nr. Golden Gate.
CLAY, 1443, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde —
of the best built flats In the city; strictly
first-class; 8 rooms and bath, with extra
room In basement; rent reasonable. Box
3243, Call office^ '_
CLAYTON 572, -south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY, 629— A strictly first-class upper 8-room
flat; very sunny; rent reasonable. Box 3244.
Call office.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st
FLAT of 8 rooms and bath, $27 60. 669 Mc-
Allister st
FRANKLIN. 214— Nice clean sunny tenement;
6 rooms; modern Improvements; upper flat.
ISIS, 3, near Twelfth and Folsom— Flat; 4 s\in-
ny rooms: rent $13.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— of 5 rooms; mod-
crn Improvements: rent $15.
LOWER flat, 4 nice rooms. 14 Moss St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh, near Howard. $12.
MIDDLE flat of 3 rooms. 1310 Larkin St. Apply
1318 Larkin st.
MODERN bav-wlndow flat of 4 rooms and
bath: rent $15. 245 Ninth St.
NOE. 597-599. cor. Nineteenth— rooms, 13 50;
5 rooms, $17; sunny corner; water free.
SEVENTH. 454, corner Bryant — 5 sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
SINGLE lady wishes small family to take part
of flat. 4059 Nineteenth St., near Castro.
THIRD, 417%— Latest improved flats; lst, 8 rms.,
2 kitchens; 2d, 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073. near Castro— 3 sunny
rooms; bath; large lot; $15; water free.
____ ,
8 LARGE rooms. 29 Ringold st, bet. Eighth
8 LARGE rooms. 29 Ringold st., bet. Eighth
and Ninth, Folsom and Howard; $8.
2 CHOICE sunny flats: 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
2 FLATS, 3 rooms each; or as a whole; rea-
sonable. 26 Derby place, off Taylor st.
$10, $11— SUNNY flats; range; hot and cold
water. 101 and 103 Prospect place, cor. Sacto.
FLAT: 119 William St., near Post and Tay- j
lor; 6 rooms and bath. Apply 112 William st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$300— NICELY furnished flat of 7 rooms and
bath; nearly new; rent low. 772 Stevenson i
St., near Ninth.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and j
lined, 50c, 25c, 30c, 35c and 40c; linen warp
matting. 15c per yard • for this week only.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.. 1310-1312
Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
2ND Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
HELP WANTED — Female.
2 COOKS. $35 each; housework, Oakdale $30
Palo Alto $25. Oakland $20, Modesto $20, New-
man $20, Belvedere $20, and several * other I
towns; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city
and country, $20 and $25; a number of house-
work girls, city. $25. 820 and $15; 8 young girls
to assist, $10 to '$15. MISS H. CULLINAN,'
323 Sutter st.; phone Main 651.
SEAMSTRESS, $25, see party here at 3 o'clock;
second girl, 2 in family. $2S; 2 second girls,
$20 and $15; nursegirl, $25; cook, institution,
$35; helper, $25; cook and second girl, $25 and
$20, same house; 50 houseglrls for city .'and
country. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery st, room 12. ..
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
WANTED— 5 German and Scandinavian cooks,
$30; second girl, washing for 1 child, $.n;
Protestant second girl, $25; 3 German nurses,
$20 and $25; 3 cooks boarding-houses. $2o; 16
waitresses, city and country, $20, and $6 a
week; second girl, Napa. $20: 4 second girls.
city. $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st .
WANTED for country— Girl, general house-
work. 2 In family, $25, for Merced.' see lady
here: Protestant cook, plain wash, $2a; Red
Bluff, $20; Sonoma $25; Shasta County. $20;
Alameda, $25; Mariposa County. $20: Berke-
ley. $25: San Rafael. $25; Chico, $20; Santa
Rosa, $20; see most of the ladies at our of-
fice Monday for these places. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, small country boarding house. $30. fare
here. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, city. $20 each; waitress and
chambermaid. $20 each; 10 young girls as
waitresses. $15 to $18. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NEAT young girl to assist, $10 to $15 per
month. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
HOUSEWORK, Santa Cruz. $30: Sausalito, $25;
San Rafael; $25; Madera, $20; Stockton, $25;
Oakland, $25; Palo Alto, $25: Modesto, $20;
Berkeley, $20: Menlo, $30: Modesto. $25; Napa,
$15; San Jose, $20; 2 boarding house cooks.
$25 and $30: 15 young e-lrls for housework,
$25 and $20; 12 young girls to assist, $12
and $15. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PLAIN laundress $20 per month. D. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO. .PHONE GRANT 185"
Waitress for Fresno, Hanford, Williams, San
Mateo. Salinas, Healdsburg, Camp Taylor,
Benicia, Madera, many of them free fare;
for the city, head waitress, $2,".. and 10 wait-
resses, different city hotels. $20; 5 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, $20,
country, see party .here.
FAMILY ORDERS
Nursery governess for country. $25. see parties
here Monday; cook a"nd second girl, same
place, $25 and $20; working housekeeper with
a child for country, $12, fare paid; and a
great many cooks and house girls, city and
country, $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED— Waitress for hotel In Truekee, $20;
fare advanced. Please apply to W. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay st.,
GIRLS'. GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. at 32tt Fremont st,
are putting In the very' best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. -
OPERATORS on shirts: a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36V4 Fremont
st. ; take elevator. '
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO., LTD.. Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan St.. bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
steady employment. . CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking for Oakland: 3 in family; wages $25;
see party Monday morning from 10 to 12 at
900 O'Farrell St., city.
ELDERLY lady or young girl to take care of
baby 2 years old and housework for 3; French
preferred. Call until 9 a. m. and from 5 to 8
p. m., 609 Taylor st.
GIRL for general housework: must be good
cook with references; small family; good
wages. 2627 California st, 2 to 5. ___^
GIRL for cooking and light housework; Jew-
ish preferred; $20 month; references required.
Appl- at 1342 Ellis St.
WANTED— reliable woman for general
housework and cooking. Apply 925 O'Farrell
st, bet 1 and 3 to-day.
THOROUGHLY experienced talloress on cus-
tom coats; good wages; steady work. 1814
Market st.
WANTED— GirI between 14 and 16 years to as-
sist In light housework In return for good
home and clothes. 2005 Pine st.
NEAT girl about 15 years to assist with light
housework; 2 children; sleep home. Call
after 2 p. m.. 1599 Market ft.
WANTED— Capable woman to work ln small
rooming house; moderate wages. Apply 149
Taylor st.
WANTED— GirI to cook, wash and Iron in Ala-
meda County. Apply at 17 Sixth St., In store.
WOMAN to assist with light housework and
baby. 823 Larkin st.
WANTED— Respectable girl to assist ln house-
work. Inquire at 621 Haight st.
WANTED— First-class talloress on flne coats.
231 Post St., room 27.
WANTED— German girl; light housework; $8.
2312 Bryant st.
FINISHERS and apprentices on coats, vests
and pants. 541 Market st;
WANTED— young girl for light housework.
1362 Geary st.
GIRL for housework; small family; wages $10.
Apply at 1025 Laguna st '
WANTED— American girl to do general house-
work, 1115 Pierce st
WANTED— 2 extra girls to wait at table. 608
Seventh st. ,
NEAT young girl for light housework; small
family; good home. 616*4 Lombard st.
GlRL— General housework; reference required.
221 Sanchez st.
CHAMBERMAID at 52 Second st. ; one sleep-
ing home preferred.
NEAT girl; plain cooking; light housework;
small family. 1245 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN wanted to care for child; light
housework. 46 Harriet St., upstairs.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 914 O'Far-
rellst '
FIRST-CLASS waitress and seamstress; best
references. 1900 Jackson St., 9 to 12.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. Call
638 Green st. :;"..* .*..
WANTED— Good woman to assist In delicacy
kitchen. 619 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants; 75c
and $1 pair; steady work. 411 Kearny st.
NEAT and capable girl for housework; wages
$15. Call after 10 a. m. .710 Hyde st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; 4 adults.
Lower flat, 925 Fell st. •
A YOUNG girl to mind children; wages $10.
913 Buchanan st.
WANTED— A young woman to work In kitchen.
5 Polk st.
WANTED— Talloress, cleaner, presser; steady
WANTED— Talloress, cleaner, presser; steady
work. 2519 Greenwich st, near Presidio.
A FEW machines are yet vacant In our over-
all department; bright young girls will be
taken for Instruction; steady work assured
and paid while learning. STANDARD SHIRT
FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
AMERICAN man and wife, private family;
wife good cook, man all-around workman;
references exchanged. Address CHARLES
. AYMER. 116 Fulton st.
WANTED— lroners and machine hands for
ladies' and children's wear at UNITED
STATES LAUNDRY, Sixteenth St., near
' Valencia.
NEAT, reliable girl to assist In very light
housework and care of baby; good home; $5
per month. 1646 Hyde st
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking to go to Fresno. Apply Monday.
from 1 to 6, Baltimore Hotel. 1013 Van Ness.
TEN bright energetic young salesladies; good-
selling article. Call at photo studio, entrance
to Presidio, Monday morning.
MAKER and apprentice wanted at SELMA,
Milliner, 687 Geary st. *
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats. 102-104-
- Battery st.
WANTED— Experienced hands ln box factory.
WEMPE BROS.. 127 Mission St.
WANTED— Assistants on skirts. FRANCES*
796 Sutter st. , *
FINISHER on coats; must be good operator.
956 Washington st. Oakland.
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom-
made coats. BS2H Folsom st. ■
WANTED— HeIp In kitchen. 118 Turk st.
GIRL to wash dishes nights. Saturdays and
Sundays for board. 742 O'Farrell st.
GIRL to assist in private family. 375 Lexing-
ton aye.. near Twenty-first and Valencia sts.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. __________
HELP WANTED M»le.
FIVE barbers wanted for the city and coun-
FIVF barbers wanted for the city and coun-
try: car fare paid; good wages. Apply H.
BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
TAILOR wanted. 232 Montgomery aye.
COAT and vest makers for country. Apply
REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
LIGHT porter. Apply to box 3255, Call offioe.
WANTED-Lunch waiter. At 258 First st
HELP WANTED MaIe.
WANTED— Blacksmith and carpenter for
ranch; engineer and separator man for thrash-
. er, $3 to $4 day; machinist for country, $2 50
to $3 day; blacksmith; blacksmith's helper.
$1 60 day and board; fruit peddlers, 75c a day;
stablemen, $25 and found; 60 woodchoppers.
$1 50 and $1 76 cord; 76 laborers for mines,
railroad and other work, $1 75 to $2 40 day;
3 sheep herders, $20 to $25; butter-makers,
$35; teamsters, $1 75 and $2 day, $30 and board;
and many others. J. F. CROSETT ft CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— fruit pickers, $1 day and board.
long Job: 75 hop pickers, $1 per 100. J. F.
CROSETT ft CO., t.28 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Bedmaker, $9 week and room; cook
and wife, country hotel, $65; cook and
wife, miners' boarding house, $45; cook
for 6 men, $25 and Increase; cook, small hotel,
$30; restaurant cooks, $9 and $10 week; sec-
ond cooks, $30 and $35; French or Italian
cook, $50 to $55; restaurant and hotel wait-
ers; dishwashers, $20, $25 and $30; kitchen
men of all kinds; second bread bakers, $25;
bell boy, $13 and found; elevator boy, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
•••••• FOR MONDAY
Offlce open 7 a. m Phone Grant 185
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st. Em-
ployment agents
offlce fee and railroad fare, both free
6 stonemasons ; $3 50 a day
16 stonemasons' helpers...'. $2 50 a day
. 25 tunnelmen, drillers, etc.. to $2 75 a day
% 60 four-horse teamsters $? a day
60 two-horse teamsters $175 a day
100 laborers shovelers, etc..sl 75 to $2 a day
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary Bt
„ . FREE FARE.
25 2 and 4 horse teamsters.. s2 day, board $4 60
16 plow holders and dumpers $2 15 a day
15 laborers $1 76 a day
6 men to help timber a tunnel $2 a day
FOR THE VALLEY RAILROAD.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
Scraper gang foreman $50 and found
12 teamsters. $190 a day; board $4 50.
For new work In the Interior.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
2 camp waiters, $25 each, coast road; dish-
washer. Valley road. $25.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st
ORCHARDS, VINEYARDS AND
FARMS. ETC.
6 prune pickers, Santa Clara Co., 30 peach
pickers, Yolo and Butte Cos., 15 almond
pickers. Contra Costa and Yolo Cos., all $1 a
day and found; about 2 months' work; ex-
perienced apple packer. $28 and found.
75 grape pickers about September 1. $1 and
found; threshing boss, $4; teamster, $25 and
found; choreman, $15; hostler, $50; hostler,
$30 and found, stablehand, $25 and found; ex-
tra harness cleaner, $1 50 and found; man to
whitewash. $20 and found; laborers for a
brickyard. $1 and found.
2 carpenters, city. $2 50: 2 helpers, $2, long
Job; blacksmith. $40 and found.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary St.
HOTELS, restaurants, bakeries, laundries
Meat cook, railroad eating house, $50; sec-
ond cook, country hotel, $50; cook, chophouse.
$12 a week; second cook, $10 a week; second
cook, chophouse, $8 a week; night cook, $8 a
week; cook, small hotel, city, $30; cook, small
country hotel, $30; pastry baker, $40; second
baker, no Sunday, country shop, $36; butcher,
city, $30; country, $30
Walters, $9 a week, $8 a week; dumb-
waiter tender, $25; nurses' hall waiter, hotel,
$25; waiter, country hotel, $25; porter, res-
taurant, $25.
Laundryman and wife, country hotel; mark-
er and distributor, hotel. $40 and found; plain
Ironer and mangier. Institution, $25 and
found; washer, $30.
Potwashers, dishwashers, vegetablemen
and kitchen hands, $30 to $15 and found, city
and country.
Colored cook, $40; colored waiter, country
club. $30.
Bellboy, country club. $15; bellboys, city,
$25. $16, $15. $13 and $10.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary st.
CHEF, $75; second cook. $50; for country hotel,
north. C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE'
GRAPE PICKERS GRAPE PICKERS
60 men and strong boys to pick grapes for
largest vineyard in California, wages $1 per
day and board for working days, remember
this Is free fare and not deducted from wages,
call early and get your tickets, office fees re-
duced to $1: 5 young farm hands for orchard
ln Santa .■'Clara County, $26 and board; 25
farm hands for good steady Jobs ln different
counties near San Francisco, $25 and $26;
man about private place, near city, horse,
cow, garden, $25 to $30 and found; 5 milkers,
different places, $25 and $30; 2 men handle
freight on bay steamers, no experience re-
quired, $45 and board; 4-horse teamsters, near
city, general hauling on road and free fare,
$30 and found; cooks, waiters and others.
W. D. EWER ft CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED, for milk and butter depot ln city,
middle-aged man as salesman, etc.; $20 per
month and board and lodging. W. D. EWER
ft CO.. 610 Clay st.
BELLBOY. $12: sleep home. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st.
BUTLER. $30 per month. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st.
BARKEEPER. $30: waiters. $25. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery st., room 12. »
FIVE firemen for steamer: wages $40 per
month. At HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
PANTS pressmen wanted at S. N. WOOD ft
CO.. cor. Powell and Eddy st 6.
WAITER wanted. 108 Hayes st; call early.
BOY for underpresslng on coats. BELASCO ft
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
TINSMITH and boy wanted. Apply to POWER
ft PIKE, 17 Drumm st. ryy.
BOY wanted to work In fruit store. Apply 930
Fillmore st.
AN old man to wash dishes. 116*4 Taylor st.
WOODCARVER wanted. 119 Main st.
WANTED— Night cashier; between 10 and 11
a. m. 29 Stockton st.
YOUNG man. German speaking, for saloon,
' lunchman. 1053 Market st.
WANTED— Boy to run elevator. FAIRMOUNT
HOTEL, Market and Fell sts.
LUNCH waiter for 605 Montgomery st.
WANTED— washer for hand laundry. 639
Ho rd st. ; call early.
WANTED— 6 men; light work; steady Job. 376
San Jose aye.
COOK and dishwasher wanted. Apply Park
Hotel. IS3O Haight st.
STRONG, willing young man wanted to learn
pressing on custom pants. 411"^ Kearny et. ■
BOY in confectionery store. 1503 Geary st. *
TWO barbers; steady work. 797 Mission st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 17 Washington st.
WANTED— 2 lunch waiters. O. K. Saloon, 32
Second st. *
DISHWASHER— man preferred. Star
Hotel, 1530 Kentucky st, Potrero.
WANTED A sober, experienced bedmaker;
wages, $20 and room. 664>,2 Howard st.
WANTED — Boy, 17 years old to drive butcher
wagon; reference. Box 3207, Call office.
YOUNG I man for bakery or learn trade; best
chance to learn. 127 Fifth st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 479 Ninth st.
WANTED— A good barber; steady. Inquire at
116 Larkin st. .
BOY to learn trade ln bakery; wages 812. 913
Buchanan st.
GOOD dishwasher at 269 O'Farrell st; call
early; wages $23.
WANTED An experienced tobacco stripper.
995 Market st. ■*...* * -
BOY wanted to learn horseshoeing and black-
smithing. Apply 1718 Fillmore st.
GOOD waiter. 1390 Turk st; call early.
WANTED— and diamond setter; steady-
position to first-class man; must have good
references. : Baldwin Jewelry Co., 844-846
Market st.
500 MEN— to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. lst and 2d sts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— 2O laborers for Point Richmond:
wages $2: also 10 hammer and drill men.
wages $2 26. - Apply JAMES A. McMAHON.
210 Spear st.
WANTED— 4 men to carry advertising banners;
good pay. Apply early Monday morning to
E. R. MOSS, 11 Stockton St.; top floor.
60 FIRST-CLASS carpenters at Goat Island.
CAMPBELL ft PETTUS.
WANTED Coatmaker and experienced press-
ers on custom coats. 102-104-106 Battery st.
A FIRST-CLASS tinsmith wanted. Apply 685
Mission st."- r-y/7 ■.-,.- ;-•*■ .. -
A STEADY man wanted to milk 15 cows. Ap-
ply 333^4 . Fourth st. ' -. :
GOOD home for elderly man to care horses and
work around place; small wages. . 333 Vi 4th st.
WANTED . — A flrst-elass ladles' tailor.
FRANCES. 796 Sutter st.
WANTED— Man for nursery work and florist
business. 500 Haight st.
WANTED— apprentice to learn Jewelry
trade. Apply JUL MILLER, 13 Trinity st. •
WANTED— A dishwasher in restaurant. 113
Turk st .. ■ .7-.y-.'-7y--:, :*x .
HELP WANTED— MaIe.
"^ttrillyTrE^ MAW 5848
"SSnJ tmßpfotment and Labo^ Agents
B sandstone cutters and ..STON E MASONS. .„
m' labored' ' San" Mateo Co.. fare 50c $60
26 laborers: 20 miles away, fare free........560
IJKSLf^jut^o^^'^
%&&£&& " a ■• ■ COACHMEN
75 * day:..C.°.M^. "COACHMEN
« h.v DRIERS ' HAMMERSMEN . .S3 day
epir^o??enLde?sßfiate splitters . bl^kmaker.
INDIAN FRANCISCO CALL SUNDAY
12 two-horse teamsters iii'an'd found
12 four-horse teamsters kin" and found
3 four-horse teamsters W ana rouna
26 laborers, shoveling... •• •-•-•■; 'PX'r V BINET-
milk wagon driver. $25 and found, CABINET-
MAKERS •■•• «5
2 strong men for 'act0nr..........^.. •••••♦
\t S.abonfer™rorf Manuring CoV.^^nd 1 16
96 STABLEMEN. $35; $40 130 $2 and found.
vseaitssss^Siß^^
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOILERMAKERS .... BLACKSMITHS
3 boilermakers. country J°b3- •"„'•;;,;* ,30 ZPZ-.
3 bollermakers, country J0b5 ...... ■■■■ »•> ' £ "*>
19 blacksmiths. $2 60, $2 day. $50. $40. $30 ana
£°v n? ; • •.■-'• wkgonma ker's
Carriage .......»..•••••■ •" ,?*dav
Machinists and engineers. $4 and w aay ...
MURRAY ft READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
PUBLIC WORK •'•••
12 4-horse teamsters. J^%V*xl'--nii •
FOR A STATE SENATOR .... ■•••••
10 teamsters, fare $1 50. 4 horses, $34 and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St. _
....ARE "YOU MARRIED?. . ••••••••' '''y-'P''
f, farmers and wives 2 cooks and wives
3 m.r.keerrsB and" $Z. ,W.j*»fj «*£™*
2 gardeners and wives. MURRAY ft READY.
634 and 636 Clay st. _
TO-DAY FOREMEN ;:'""X'r'',',lU
Foreman for a farm $*>0 and round
Foreman for crew of grape pickers. s3o and ia.
3 foremen for grading camps. sso to $60 ana ia.
Foreman, mason, stone and c0ncrete..........
$4 50 day and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
$35 and $30 and FOUND FRUIT PICKERS
Men and boys (no experience required) ftb
fruit pickers and tule pickers, fare 50c, $00
and found; 82 fruit pickers, north, fare $1 50,
$30 and found; 54 fruit pickers, Solano Coun-
ty, fare $1 25, $30 and found ; 83 grape pickers,
south, fare $3, $30 and found; 18 fruit pick-
ers, fare $1, $30 and found; 24 fruit pickers,
Santa Clara County, $23 and found; 126 fruit
pickers, north, $30 and found
OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
Many places to work In packing and drying
houses; ship fruits to California and Eastern
markets, also to Europe; 90 days'
MURRAY ft READY, 634-636 Clay St.
R. R R. R R. R R. R R. R.
WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
NEW S. P. R. R. work at Madera
10 laborers 10 teamsters
MURRAY ft READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FARE FREE TO. .LOS ANGELES.. DISTRICT
20 teamsters and laborers, $1 75, $1 90 day and
found. MURRAY' ft READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
FREE— TO
GREAT R R'S..ALL R .BUT ONE R R
(The one we don't ship to Is COAST R. R.)
DRILLERS LABORERS, TEAMSTERS,
MUCKERS, HAMMERSMEN, PLOWHOLD-
ERS, ETC
WAGES from $3 day
Located from peaks of Shasta Mountains to
Bay of Santa Barbara, from San Francisco
on the west to Nevada on the east. COME
AND SEE FREE—
MURRAY ft READY, 834 and 636 Clay st.
R. R SOMETHING NEW R. R.
5 stone or concrete masons, fare $1 25. 53 50 day
6 laborers $125, $2 day
MURRAY ft READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AMONG GOLD MINES
20 teamsters, part fare paid $2 day
15 laborers, part fare paid $2 day
MURRAY ft READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
BIG MONEY ON FARMS. ETC
83 farm and orchard hands, for all parts of
California, $45, $40, $35, $30, $26, $25 and found,
$3 50 day; strong men to bale hay
$3 50 day and found
MILKERS AND BUTTERMAKERS
22 milkers and buttermakers, $35, $30, $25 and
found
26 hay and harvest hands
$2, $150, $125 day and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS
32 chore men, men and boys to work on
• farms, orchards, vineyards, dairies, factories,
manufacturing companies, stores, cash boys,
office boys, learn trades, bell and elevators,
for Institutions.,- etc. MURRAY ft READY.
634 and 636 Clay st. |
, GOVERNMENT— WORK
15 carpenters, 8 hours, free fare $3 day
Upholsterers and sash and doormakers. .$3 day
Wood turners, mill bench hand, $3 and $2 75 I
day. MURRAY ft READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 39 SAWMILLS. WOODS IN CALIFOR-
NIA
(No experience required.)... YOU WILL SUIT I
216 laborers, wheel sawdust, pile lumber, car- I
ry off, learn to run machines and 60 other
Jobs, $26 to $40 per month and found
ALSO crosscut sawyers, lumber pliers
Tree fellers, setters for mills, section
hands, bark peelers, head donkey men
and 55 other Jobs; from $90, $85, $80, $75.
$60. $30, $40. $30 and found
Tallymen, tail edger hands
WOODCHOPPERS. TIE MAKERS. SHIN-
GLE BOLT MAKERS by the hundreds, $2,
$1 50, $1 per cord, 12c each.
MURRAY ft READY, 634-636 Clay St.
GOLD mines Silver mines Other mines
39 laborers (no experience required). $60.
MURRAY ft READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
24 c00k5. ...560, $50. $43, $40, $30. $25 and found
23 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
Above places are for hotels, restaurants,
coffee houses., mines, ranches, camps, insti-
tutions, sporting resorts, saloons; shoemak-
ers, bedmakers, porters, bell and elevator
boys. janitors. MURRAY ft READY. 634 and
/ 636 Clay st.
LAUNDRYMEN BAKERS
Laundrj'men, Institution $30 and found
Polisher, ironer, starcher, etc.. 535," $30 and fd.
1 first. 4 second, 5 third bakers, also -boys
to learn, $40. $35. $30, $25. $20. $15, $10 and
found. MURRAY ft READY. 634 and 636
Clay st
BUTCHER wanted who understands meat cut-
ting. 1655 Mission st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35e to
50c. 562 Mission St., bet. lst and 2d sts.
TAILOR, cleaner and pressers wanted. 2819
Greenwich St.. near Presidio.
MEN wanted ti learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Pat. wages; positions
guaranteed: call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 633 Clay st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station.
on Valley Road.
WANTED — and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138 V. Eighth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD ft CO.. attor-
neys,- Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 30c up; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best ln city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. ; free shaving In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard: read. rm.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
,to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
MULES— One car large and one car small
mules for sale; also pasturage for 1000 head
of stock the year round; a special field of
alfalfa, Egyptian corn and other kinds of
feed to fatten 600 head of cattle by Jan. 1,
1900. J. M. CANTY. Grayson, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
7.TEL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN ft HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at.
MINNA, 6S— House; 9 rooms, sunny side; rent
cheap; key at 585 Mission st. * ...
TWO flne houses ln splendid condition; 3386 and
3392 Twenty-first St., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
room*. .
FO If rent. 4 rooms and bath, 429 Douglass
St.; key next door. .
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye., near Turk and Buchanan sts.
THREE-STORY bay-window house in good
order, with large yard and stable; 1829 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET,
411% California st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for. It
nostaae paid. '*•
HOUSES— LODGING For Sale.
LODGING house; corner; 14 rooms; all bay-
windows; full; $500 cash; cause of selling
sickness. 225 Mason St., cor. O'Farrell.
handsomely furnished.
COAST EX. HAM, E CO., 719 Market St.
f6OO-LODGING-HOU sFl^r sale; 13 rooms.
Inquire 87 Third st. f°r Bale: I ~*
HOWARD. 715— Elegant lodging-house; 200 sun-
ny rooms; Investigate immediately.
HYPNOTISM. "
POST graduate, hypnotic school-hospital 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board 'and
treatment, $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND. "
LOST— San Francisco Saturday evening
August 26. 1899, in the neighborhood of the
ferry depot, a purse containing a small sum
of money and a sun breastpin cemented with
a sapphire stone, surrounded by 36 .-hipped
diamonds. Finder will please return to J.
ROHAN, Fifth and Washington sts., Oak-
land, and receive liberal reward.
LOST— Flllmore-st. car, Saturday evening, from
Sixteenth. Valencia to Washington, bag opera
glassess, eye glasses. Return to 520% Valen-
cia st. ; reward.
LADY'S gold watch. Market, between Sixth
and Seventh sts; reward. MRS. E. F.
SCHULZ, 816 O'Farrell st. ; no questions
asked. -.. .■**. -**.
LOST— Small black Cocker spaniel dog, heav-
ily feathered; has on nickel link and leather
collar; has been missing several days. Re-
turn to 1352 Market st. Liberal reward.
LOST— Sealskin cape at corner of Call build-
ing, Saturday night, Aug. 26; suitable re-
ward if returned. 511 Capp st.
LOST or strayed, last Thursday night, a brown
horse and light buggy. Return to Blackhawk
Stables, Valencia and Twenty-third sts.
LOST— S2 50 reward; pug dog; name Duke;
mole on eyelid. F. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis st.
BOX containing plate holders, lens, on Market,
near Ninth. Return to 94 Third. Reward.
LOST— Ladles' diamond oin. Return to J. P.
SHANNON, 750 Market st. Liberal reward.
LOST— August 24 or 25, locket with son's pic-
ture. Return to 115 Ninth St.; liberal re-
ward. _^______________
LOST — Maltese cat; name "Boss." Liberal re-
ward at 3656 Twentieth st.
MEDICAL.
A SURE safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their cass before going elsewhere; they will
find ln her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and /confidential; home treatment. $5; no In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510
Eddy st, bet. Hyde and Larkin; offlce hours.
10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only. *
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
instantly all cases of monthly Irregularities.
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice; $5 positively; no instruments used; safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fall;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; tray-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
flrst the only reliable ladles' physician of
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours. 9 a. m.
to sp. m.. 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 4.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home th»
same day: no instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5; home in confinement; skillful medical
attention; all can save time and expense by
consdltlnK the doctor, free, before going else-
where: MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12 and 2to 4 p. m.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
cure for all female complaints; private home
in confinement; every comfort: Infants adopt-
ed; best of care and medical attention: in-
stant relief for travelers; all those who are
sick or discouraged should call; they will find
a true friend and adviser; consult free; self-
cure. $5: can be used at home. ■
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularis : disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief.
though else fn'- delicacy. privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lav; self-cure sent, call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st.
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores In one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' nhvslcian. practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other physician; never
falls to cure: consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free; call or write. 1023% Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no Instruments: consultation free. confidential;
home treatment, MRS.ALLEN,22SVanNess.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA, 215% Mason St.—
Private home In confinement; ladies' friend
ln trouble: terms reas.: call and be convinced.
NICE private home In confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city; Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife, 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home In confinement, by German
midwife: Infants adopted into good homes;
rm. for Invalid. 521 Eddy; phone Hyde 2553.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue: $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS ft CO., .elsts. 406 Clay, sole agents.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market— lnstant relief
for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
MRS. ACHARD.-.ildwife; pleasant sunny horns
ln confinement. 156 Second St.; tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
noatage paid. *
MINING AND ASSAYING.
GOLD discovered; rich placer claims in Placer
Co.; open for location. Call for particulars
A. BLAND. 5044 Franklin St.. Oakland.
" 1
MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH ft WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
. flee furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st!
TWO French ' beveled mirrors; perfect; 40x64
inches; Just made by mistake too large; a
bargain; in frames or without frames.
JOi.ES, 547 Mission st.
ASK for $18 guitar; price $7. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.
DO you know of any tools or machinery for
sale? EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays comm.
COMPLETE- set of locksmith tools. Including
some stock. Box 2211, Call.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or Installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO., 655 Market st.
PURE distilled water ice, $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for less; sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers'
Ice Co.. 420 Eighth st., S. F.
A- $2O SUIT for $10. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR, 613 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75 Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
DESKS, and card tables; desks c- changed,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
ENGINES for*automoblles; carriages separate
parts furn. Dynamic Eng. Co., 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12-14
In. gas engine; 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna~
mos. bought, sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in ths
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
: :;, . MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire, 100 firlt^ciasVscrapeTteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E B
. STONE. Elmhurst. ' a'
DO you know any tool machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN. 648 Mission, pays commission.MONEY" TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
bark in installments or as a whole; If you
we a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry th* loan .is long as you de-
slre; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
• 'all 6S-69 Donohce bldg., ill Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; tolej'hone South 14. •
ANY amount of f,\_ per cent on real estate, 3d
nnd 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mort Sim ps and legacies .;.!*,' ; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery , rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private lace to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 546 Market st.; telephone Main 1544.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, «09 Examiner bids
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and thing.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
N'ELLI Conservatory bldg.. 130 well at.
$"«"> TO $50,000; lowest rates: lst and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY" loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOCSLEY, 592 Parrott uldg.
IF your property is gaged and you need
more money see 11. MURPHY. 630 Market St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
Ml SIC A L INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; pricoj, are the
same as if purchased for all cash:*nargains
same as tor all cash ;*b •
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$.' per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers. corner Kearny and Sutter
sts , San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
ABSOLUTELY the arcest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
21. 25 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, Bans and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and rrices: terms easy, prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HANDSOME, almost new, Steinway upright
sacrificed. Rm. 12. Flood bldg.. 4lh and Mkt.
TV. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Haliett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano In rage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market St. _
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS' ■ 769 Market St.
A DECKER & SON. the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. V A IB* ■ 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
BCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A— sBs UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
irnung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
$69 uo; installments. $S 7f, up:
A— UPRIGHTS. 569 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on Eale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOH MER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post St.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st.
KN a pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER ft chase. SO O'Farrell st.
BUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
i_
OFFICES AM) STOKES — To Let.
OFFICES AND STORES — To Let.
$10— STORE, fixtures. 3 nice living-rooms and
cellar. 1008 Natoma St., near Eleventh.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Desirable offices, $12 50 to $20.
STORE to let suitable for barber shop, etc.
Inquire 621 Cailfornla st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. Gl6 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 toS p. m. : reading by mall. $1.
PERSONALS.
COMMERCIAL traveler, 25, desires acquain-
tance of refined woman; object, matrimony;
who is willing to reside in Alaska; references
shown and required. Box 3205, Call.
AM -"2. wealthy, but lonely; will marry bright,
amiable lady. MR. RICHARD, ?."»4 Calumet
aye. Chicago, 111.
NOTlCE— Business person going East on the
*i th inst. will attend ta any commissions in
the -ities of New York. Philadelphia, Boston.-
Address box 3234. Call office.
A— C. C. VAX EMAN. proprietor Fashion Hair
A -'■' EMAN n Hair
Ston*. Oakland, says the Star Hair Remedj
is all a:id more than its manufacturers claim
for it. We claim it restores gray air to •'.!, -
tural colur, -•*.-. cures dandruff, itch-
ing sc-alf. and grows new hair. Our claims
proved is proof that you should use The Star
Hair Remedy in preference to other ■ailed
restorers. Druggists and hairdressers sell lt.
Take no •her-
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA makes the hair
soft, glessy and beautiful. Is what lt claims
to br. a Hair Tonic; 3.".c a bottle. 123 Stockton.
REST assured that LEDERER'S hairdreaaing
is always the latest: -'• only. See^iis win-
dow display of beautiful hair combs of every
description at lowest price. 123 Seockton st.
LARGE list of lodging houses and flats: we
make a specialty of them. COAST EX-
CHANGE CO., 719 Market st.
MARY"— I Rot my handsome cape at the East-
crn Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, r.r. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. . $10 75: pants. $3 75:
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1614
Market st.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights .in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bur and baggage to and from the ferry.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
RUPTURE. " piles cured: examination free.
Drs Mansfield & Porterfield. 838 Market st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 2- Sansome st.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
- nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton St.
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny st. .
JAMES \ INSON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. TOSH] TANI. 313 Sutter st.
RUPTURE stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. 00rd1n,514 Pine. ab'.Krny.
A~Ladie»*ior gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. I*BB3 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. <). Nolte,
Jeweler, ttt O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The, Weekly
Call 11 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for tl per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR^OLIVB GRDVERj free treatment daily, 10
a.' m. and 12 m. 1206 Market st . room 6.
DR C C~ NNELL, offlce and residence,
1 02 1 , Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL — OTI — ■"•» Sale.
PACIFIC AVENUE-ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$22,600. PrS*'
LARGE LOT (11:4x127:5H.
This grand home, 2007 Pacific avenue, between
Octavia and Laguna streets, must be sold.
Contains 12 large rooms, every modern Im-
nrovement.
' Commands an unobstructed marine view.
Id in the immediate vicinity of all the fash-
ionable residence sites recently purchased on
Pacific avenue.
For an Inspection of the premises, call at our
offlce for an order.
A. J. RICH & CO..
• 112 Montgomery street.
rnTT 777TTT7T7rrrrrrriTri7777rTTT7T7] . . . . - $i3M
Wha't'is'it for the small sum of $,1360? A
new G-room house in Berkeley near Dwight-
wav- only $300 cash, balance $15 per month.
ENGLISH & lOICRIBSET. 630 Market st.
NE v-l ye °CIK7S ' i and' 10 ' «*» ' houses, ' finished
with ill'm'odcrn conveniences, fronting on
wilier Pierce and Primrose sts., Irons $3160
to $450-; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder. ■ . .
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
Vest of Fir---t aye.. and. you wish to sell them.
call on W.i. GIJNN. -410 Montgomery at.
ForTsale-A fine cor. residence: 10 ™« and
bath; central location: price $7250; no agents.
Box '3210. Call offlce. ________t___mmm _ __ _— — —
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— **!•
SW4A6?2ir'a^sV?n-Solano County, bounded by
Cache Slough on west and south Prospect
Slough on east; Pri«fcfFEEe£^?HEßS.
m Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st.: popular prices
CAFE LfiELlv Geary st.: dinner ', to 7 p.
m. : Sunday, chicken dinner. 4 to 7 p. m.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE 2 nice sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; furniture all new: 2 folding
beds, 1 In kitchen nnd 1 in bedroom: suitable
for ior 4 persons Apply at shoe Store. IW
. Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.: rent 5- oQ
per week; $10 per month. __;
FIFTH, 309— New house; nicely furnished suite.
3 rooms; large kitchen: hot and cold water.
FIFTH, 353— Three connecting, housekeeping,
$13; two. $12; single rooms, $5 to $7.
FILLMORE, MM, near Clay-$l5; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
GEARY. 1917—4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
toilet: gas; yard: basement.
GROVE, 421, near Octavla— Nice single front
room; sunny yard; garden; $3 5". __^
HOWARD 704. corner Third— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms, suites; also ; rooms for house-
ping; reasonable; transient.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk. cor. Geary Light, clean,
sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to^s r.).'-»lS up. re,.
LEWISES off Taylor, near Post— A newly fur-
nished bedroom and kitchen: stove; $11.
MARKET, 1028— I artre sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet, _______
McALLISTER, 405— Two sunny unfurnished
rooms: JS. • ' :X/
MCALLISTER, 40E Furnished parlor floor; 4
MCALLISTER, 405— Furnished parlor floor; 4
cr 5 rooms; 120 and $25. _ '
MINNA. 28 Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms, cheap rent. •
MISSION, 1729%. near Thirteenth 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, bath and laun-
dry^ J^ * ______
NATOMA. 645— Two or three sunny furnished
NATOMA, WL Tw or three sunny furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; 39 smd $15.
POLK I*27 — Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; bath: private family; low rent.
ST JAMES. Laguna and McAllister—
sunniest In city; low rates; furnished or not.
SUTTER, 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
slngde suites; also hskpg. : terms reasonable.
TENTH. ItS, near Market— Large sunny front
room, with kitchen; Sil.
TWELFTH. 40. near Market— Nicely furnished
front room, with use of kitchen; $6.
TWO furnished rooms for housekeeping; rent $6
to single person. Key at 160 Clara st.
VAN NESS aw.. 400— Elegant sunny upper
floor; 3 rooms and bath: other rooms.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. nnd Infnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to 31 per night; $125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), oor. Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. SOe to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week.
AT 39 Turk. cor. Taylor- New mangt.. renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms. : transient.
AT New c, and, 246 3d— 200 Ist-, lass sunny rms..
15c to $1 day; Mc to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT the Sapphire, 413 Jones St., near Ellis— New-
ly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable rates.
BOHEMIA. 239 Sunny corner suit.- and
single rooms; all conveniences: gentlemen and
families; elevator; special rates to traveling
men. * ■ i
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1861)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 1424— Rooms In fine private
house for gentlemen wishing comfort; morn-
ing coffee if desired; reasonable.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offlces.
EDDY, 133 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from $1 50 a week up.
ELLIS. New and elegantly furnished
rooms, en suite, double or single.
FERNWELL House,47 Post— New managem'nt;
all rms refurnished: suites and single: baths.
FIFTH. 39— Sunny, furnished rooms; double or
single; running water.
FOURTH. --- (Palm House)— First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms; also single, $1 25 up.
GEARY, 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites. $2 per week' up; very desirable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER..
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission st?.— Sunny moms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house. $1 .'i' to 36 per week.
HOTEL Grosevenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton- !
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths. j
HOWARD. 829— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
MARKET. 1035. and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MASON, llll— Large .nicely furnished rooms;
eas.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win. rms. and single, $5 up; also hskpg.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
'WELL. 612 A —Nicely furnished rooms to
let reasonable; newly furnished. V
RINCON place. 28. off Harrison, bet. First and
Second— Room, fireplace; use of kitchen, bath-
room and washroom; yard; lady or man and
wife; no children.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light. ■ reading- room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60;
week, $2 to $8; month. $* to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 33. nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms: elevator; transient.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. cor. Gth— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas: bath: new mngt.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 14." Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest, rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE HANK OF CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given to the stockholders
of The Bank of California that the Transfer
Books will be closed from SATURDAY, Au-
gust 26. to FRIDAY, September 1. IS9!\ both
dates Inclusive, on account of the special
meeting of the stockholders to be held on the
last named date. By order of the Board of
Directors. ALLEN M. CLAY, Secretary:
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile sale. $1
per box: warranted to cure all cases of bleed-
ing, Itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
Standing. 1628 Devisadero St., near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. SCJ6.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
i ALA. Storeage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving. Co.
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powc' : tei. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7. 8 and 9 rooms and both each; firs tela.
neighborhood: near school and stations-.; street
work all complete; from $3000 to $4000; only
$500 cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
In all parts of Alameda. - - — .
$2200— Lot 50x150; $200 cash and $20 per month;
fine, nearly new cottage; In a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
$2500— Let' 35x115, with elegant residence of 8
rooms; In fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school;- great bargain; worth
$3500: any terms; same as rent.
$2600— Lot 40x207:6: fine, new. modern *-room
cottage; near High School and station; $500 cash
and $26 per month. . ; , ,
$1000— 25x125; cottage Of 5 rooms; street
work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Lot 83:4x108; with a fine • modern ■ cot-
tage of 5 rooms and 'bath:- nice garden: street
work all done: near station and school; $100
cash, balance $20 per month.
' $2850— $500' cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150, -with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton ; st. . .
$3250 -$5OO cash, $25 per month; leas than
rent; lot 4Cx159: elegant. new 2-story, 8 rooms
and bath, on Morton st., near Morton-st. sta-
tion' best bargain in Alameda: elegant resi-
dences on . Santa Clara ay». and Central aye.
at a bargain. . 1
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
. - Pp-7 ■ 1432 Park st.. Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern 8-room house, choic-
est location: also modern cottage 8 rooms;
lots F0x150; easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
et. Mastlck station.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. AUGUST 28. 1899.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health: targe
grounds; private. MRS. DR. ri'NKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKEIIY ABypTISMTS
berkeley real ESTATE.
hTllegass TRACT.
within 6 minutes from university. j
5 minutes from station.
lots iso FEET in DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
THE BEAUTIFUL MAGEE TRACT.
The only true street to Oakland Is Grove st.
We have lots 50x12714 on Grove st— ln fact. 12
blocks that are for sale— the market, and
will be the business part of Berkeley : do not
miss the opportunity; now Is the time: pur-
chase at once one of these lots. The sole !
agent. D. J. TOBIN, 2121 Stanford place, op- I
posite Berkeley Station.
100 ACRES for sale In subdivisions to suit in I
Lafayette, Contra Costa County, 13 miles
from Oakland, on county road: Santa Fe |
Railroad runs through the property: no fog: I
no wind; flne sell; .finest hay and fruit in I
country comes from there: send for map and i
particulars.. D. J. TOBIN. sole agent. 2121
Stanford place. Berkeley; Red 204; residence,
Red 121. - i j
BERKELEY ROOMS.
4-ROOM cottage for rent: $10; the new ar.d
complete furniture of which for sale, $75. Ap-
ply A. M. EWING, 2137 Dwight way. Berke-
ley. ,
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITTALE ABYEBT ISEMENTS
FRMTVALE REAL -oTATE.
LARGE level lots. $400: only $25 down: street |
work done: sewers, water, gas, flne school I
close by: near railroad station and Oakland
electric line: half-hourly trains to city: 5c i
fare; glorious climate: build a home to suit
yourself; ea. v payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Fruitvale sta.
OAKLAND ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
124x130 FEET, with neat cottage: right in town;
choice locality; reduced fr m $3500 to $2000 for
quick sale. E. E. ! 'V K. 90S Bdwy. Oakland.
$10,000— established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
ELEGANT front bay-window suite, suitable for
doctor; large lawn. 715 Eighth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
ELDERLY gentleman, lady or invalid, to room
and board: Beulah Park; every comfort: 2 in
family: perfect climate; no fogs. E. E.
BUNCE. 2.'-x Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIR.. ITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
~~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 96 (fifty
cents cer share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., on and after Fri-
day, September 1. 1898. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. August 26. 1599. at 12 ,
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by I
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offlces and be I
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- :
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
MICHEL— KENNEY— In this city, August 27, \
1599, Fred A. Michel and Florence Kenney, j
both of San Francisco.
.____—^— — — — — — — -— — -^^— ;
BORN.
BORN.
RTNZ^In this city. August 18, 1899, to the
wife of William Blnz, a son.
FERGUSON— In Boca. Cal., August 23. 1599, !
to the wife Of Frank J. Ferguson, a son.
HEISE— In this city, August 22. 1899, to the
wife of Henry Helse, a son.
WHITE— In this city, August 9, 1899. to the
wife of W. L. White, a son.
______ DIED
DIED.
Abrahamson. Anora Johnson, Charles W.
Abrahamson; Anora Johnson. Charles W.
'Baker, Catherine Kean, William
Beck. F. Wallace Leary. John C.
Brown, James B. Matter, Jacob
Chapman, Harriet R. McGarry, Genevieve
■.an. Dennis P. Medal roe, Antonio J.
Danforth, George S. Miller, Mollle E.
Davis, Mrs. Delia. S. Moran. Murietta J.
lii ran. Catherine Morton. Mrs. Laura
Elliott, Edward G. Myers. Fannie G.
Ferguson, Francis P. Schlstek. Frank
Flynn. Mrs. Mary Schonfeld, August
Godchaux, Luclen Thompson. William J.
Hinkle, Dr. John M. Winthrop. Paul
ABRAHAMSON— Alameda, August 26, 1899,
Anora B. Abrahamson. beloved mother of
Mrs. Charlotte Swan ami Frank B. and John
A. Abrahamson. and mother-in-law of Fred-
crick Swan, a native of Gottenburg, Sweden,
aged •',•. years. 9 months and 2 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at II o'clock, from the residence,
610 Taylor avenue. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
BAKER— In this city. August 25, lSf'9, Cath- |
erine Baker, beloved wife of the late Henry I
H. Baker and mother of Mrs. John J. Good- i
man. Mrs. Ada Lyons and William. Harry,
Alfred and L»x> Baker, a native of Ireland.
BECK— Watsonville. April 27. 1899, F. Wal-
lace, beloved husband of Ma ret Beck, son
of Thomas and Emmellne Beck and brother
of W. A . Newton and Minnie Beck. Mrs.
H. A Parrish, Mrs. W. H. Reilly and Mrs.
Fred W. Boole, a native of Santa Cruz,
aged 43 years.
BROWN— In. this city. August 26. 1899, James
B. Brown, beloved father of Lizzie Brown and
brother of William F.. Patrick H. and Jo-
seph V. Brown, a native of San Francisco, '■
aged 45 years 9 months And 1 day.
(LX Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow i
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother. W. F. Brown, 18 Laurel place, i
between Folsom and Harrison streets. In- I
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CHAPMAN— In Paneete. Tahiti. Society Isl-
ands, Harriet Richmond, wife of Captain
Benjamin F. Chapman and mother of Charles
Chapman of Benicia, Cal. (Brooklyn and i
New York papers please copy.)
COLEMAN— In this city, August 25, 1899, Den- I
nis I., l^loved son of Daniel and the late
Abbie Coleman, and brother of John and Dan-
iel Coleman, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 8 months and 10 days.
, Friends and acquaintances are respect-- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 119 Junlner street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the rep so of his soul at |
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DANFORTH— In Oakland. August 26. 1899,
George S.. beloved husband of Susie D. Dan- ,
forth, and father of Alice O. and Harry D.
Danforth, a native of Boscawen, N. H., aged
72 year? 3 months and 20 days.
inTFriends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day i
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl- I
dence, 1368 Brush street, Oakland. Interment ;
private.
DAVIS— In this city. August 26. 1899, Mrs. !
Leila Stevenson Davis, wife of R. 1). Davis, I
and sister of Mrs. Dr. J. W. Stitt. Mrs. Frank
H. Ruck, Mrs. Henry A. Heiibron. Mrs. Dr. I
S. Terrlll and Andrew Stevenson.
[CFuneral at Vacaviile this day (Mon-
day), at 2. o'clock.
DORAN— In this city. .August 20. 1899. Cather-
ine, relict of the late William Doran, and
beloved mother of F. E.. J. R.. D. G.. R. 11.
and Teresa Doran, Mrs. J. J. McLaughlin,
Mrs William Maxwell and Mrs. J. Watson.
a native, of County Meatli. Ireland, seed 63
years 5 months and 11 days.
iCTFriends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral this dny
• (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1009 Pacific street,' thence to St. Fran- ,
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
! mencing at ' 10:20" O'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
ELLIOTT— In this city. August 27. 1899, Ed-
ward. G., beloved brother of Jasper and Rob- j
crt Elliott and a member of Court Justice,
No. 16, F. of A., a native of West New
.Annan. Nova Scotia, aged 44 years. •
CCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi- I
dence, 1655*4 Mission street, between Twelfth
and Thirteenth. Interment Mount Olivet !
Cemetery, * via electric : funeral car from j
Fourteenth and Mission streets, at 2 o'clock. !
\ HtNRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. I
20 Fifth St., -opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South SO.
/WcAVOY «fc CO..'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, ;
1235 Market st.. between Sth arid Sth.
Telephone South 247. ■
-M _S-S___a_->iiMM«Mwia<BaMaMßaßß>ai
COURT Justice, No. 16, F. of A.— The officers
and members of Court Justice No. 16, F. of
, A., are hereby notified. to assemble at 16354.
" Mission street to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1:15
o'clock, for the purpose of .conducting th-.
funeral of our late brother, Edward G. El-
liott By order of
CHARLES WEHR JR.. Chief Ranger.
A. F. BRINKMAN, Financial Secretary.
FERGUSON— In Boca, Cal.. August 25, 1839,
Francis Patrick, Infant son of Frank J.
and Nellie Ferguson. . . * . -
FLYNN— In Oakland, August 24, 1893. Mrs.
Mary Flynn. beloved sister of Mrs. J. W.
Powers, a native of Ireland, * aged 65 years.
(Lowell. Mass., papers please copy.)
I^TThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Peter's
Church, Alabama street; between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, San Francisco. In-
terment private, Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GODCHAUX— In this city.' August 27, 1899,
Lucien. . beloved son of Adolph and Sophie
Godchaux and brother of Mrs. Sylvain Salo-
mon and Helen, Rebecca, Josephine, Edmund
and Mrytle Godchaux. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 33 years and 10 months.
(£7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from th» family
residence, southeast corner of Broadway and
Buchanan street. Interment Home, of Peace
Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
HINKLE— In Oakland, August 26. 1899. Dr.
John Mortimer Hinkle. beloved husband of
Elizabeth V. Hinkle. and father of Mrs. Eve-
lvn Hinkle Ames, a native of Carlisle. Ind.,
aged 72 years 4 months and 12 days. (In-
. Diana and Illinois papers please copy.)
IC?-Funeral services will be held this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence. 1504 FrAnklin street. Oakland. Inter-
ment 'private, Mountain View Cemetery.
JOHNSON In this city. August 27. 1899.
Charles William Johnson, a native of Mm
neapolis, Minn., aged 27 years 10 months and
S days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. >-
KEAN— In Dayton, Nev.. August 26, 1839, Wil-
liam, ooloved husband of Jennie R. Kean
and son-in-law Of Mr. and Mrs. Morris
Armer. a native of Germany.
inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral this day
(Monday), at 11:30 o'clock, from Third and
Town-send streets. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, where services will be held
at the mortuary chapel.
LEARY— In this city, August 26. 1893, John
C. Leary, beloved husband of Johanna Leary
and beloved father of Annie, Cornelius and
Mary Leary, a native of Ireland, aged 54
years.
MATTER— In this city, August 26, 1599, Jacob.
beloved husband of Elizabeth Matter, and
father of Robert. Nicholas, Herman and Liz-
zie Matter, a native of Switzerland, aged 56
years.
Fri ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). at 10 o'clock., from bis late resi-
dence, 333 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment Cypress
Lawn cemetery.
McGARRY'— In Dos Angeles. August 25, 1599.
Genevieve Reardon McGarry-
MEDEIROS In Oakland. August 2". 1599, An-
tonio J. Medelros, commonly known as Tony
Williams, beloved son of Antonio Enoa-Roae,
and brother of Manuel, Mary and Lizzie Me-
delros, a native of Oakland, aged 21 years 6
months and 8 days.
*L7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this" da;.. (Monday), at > o'clock, at his
late residence, 1-63 Atlantic street, thence
to St. Joseph's Portuguese Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, August 2.". 1899. at her
residence, 2411H Howard street, Mollle E..
beloved wife of W. C. Miller, and daughter of
Patrick and Ann Smith of Cloverdale, a na-
tive of California, aged 24 years. .*-.•
CT'The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the Church of
St Charles Borromeo, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul. Interment private.
MORAN this city, August 26, 1893. Muri-
etta J., beloved and youngest daughter of
Thomas F. and Caroline Moran and sister of
Martha Mr. ran, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 4 months and 14 days. •
MORTON— In this city, August XI, ISM, Mrs.
Laura Edwards Morton, widow of the late
Dr. Thomas M Morton, daughter of the late
Colonel Philip L. Edwards and mother of
Mary M. Morton, aged 58 years.
IXTFuneral at Sacramento to-morrow
; (Tuesday), on arrival of the morning train.
' MYERS- In this city. August 28, 1899. Fannie
: G. Myers, a native of Washington, D. C,
aged 41 years.
, SCHISTEK In Golden Gate. .Alameda County.
Cal., August 27. isn;i. Frank, beloved son of
Peter and Anna Schlstek, a native of Golden
I Gate, aged '■ years 4 months and 20 days.
SCHONFELD-In this city. August 26. 1893,
August, beloved husband of Maria Schonfeld,
j father of David and Elsa Schonfeld, brother
of Mrs. A. D. Trost and David and Louis'
I Schonfeld, and son-in-law of Adam Wagner,
• a native of Frankenberg, Hesse-Cassel. Ger-
I many, axed 37 years 10 months and 3 days.
Now Tors papers please cr_)y.)
CT* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn Hall, 323 Turk street, where funeral
services will be held under the ausnices of
the San Francisco Turn Verein. Remains at
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & 'Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and- Eighth.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, August 26, 1899,
William J., beloved husband of Annie
Thompson, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 60
years.
(Ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ItyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith
Hall. i.l Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Members of
Aurora Lodge. K. and L. of H. ; Ivy chap-
• ter. Eastern Star, and Myrtle Council, A.
L. of 11 , are Invited to attend.
WINTHROP— In this city. August 26. 1899.
Paul, youngest and beloved son of Isaac and
Margaret Winthrop, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 1 month and 5 days.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H D Lausen. Oroville A Ingraham. L Ang
P J Kennedy, Vallejo Stiber. Stanford
Mrs P J Kennedy, Cal| Mrs M J Hartman, Mo
A Oreathead, Cal Miss M 8 Hartman,
H P Brayton, Cal Mo
H Cronemeyer, N V W M Garland, L Ang
Mr Wolf. Berlin Mrs W M Garland, L
A C Kuhn, S Jose Ang .--;.-^
X P Babbitt. Colo A Q Draper, Colo
M Leonard, S Cruz F Ooodchild. England
R de Soils. N V Mrs F Goodchild, Eng-
A W Stone, S Mateo land
W J Bliven. S Jose II C Greenbel. Cal
Mrs W .1 81l yen. Cal D Greenbel. Cal
H S Morse, Alameda Miss M White, Cal
Mrs 1! S Morse, Cal Miss V White, Ca]
H Q Hahnmann. Cal j *-. L Holmes, Cal
C Cook. Cal Mrs C N Stony. L Ang
F Foil/. Seattle Miss Reardon. L Ang
N C Wilson. Arizona N D Nock, w & d,
H S Creighton. Cal , Chirac
J Pownlng. Cal Dr C W Fox & w, Cal
Mrs J E Merritt. Cal J Glllen, Cal
Miss Belknap. Carson W H BanKs, Ohio
F W Swanton, S Cruz J A Robinson, Cal
J Bishop. Cal W E Bailey. L Ang
Mrs J Bishop. Cal W G Taylor. L Ang
J F Carrere, Sacto W.H Routledge, Lon-
C a Sherwood N V don
P Van Lith. N V T Banning, London
Mrs W T Heffernan, H J Gosse & w. Reno
Arizona Mrs Buford, N V
Mrs J Ingraham, L A.
. . : . GRAND HOTEL. .
W B Backer & W. CallC X < 'adman, Pinole
W Phlgley & W, Gilroy Mrs I Ingraham. L A
H A Cummings. Oakld A Ingraham, Log Ang
Sophia James. Oakland D C Collier, 8 Diego
J H Morton, Redding G L Cobb, Cal
A Schlaglntwest, Cal Mrs J A Cunningham
Ii: J Glllen. N York j & d. Sacramento
A G Bpnninger &w, T Clark, Placerville
Cincinnati ,-T Gieraus, Jamestown
C Thicbes & w. Cinntl IT C Copeland, L Ang
a c Huhn & w, Cal W Dlnamo-- Cal
Mrs L Hamlin, S Cruz Plppy. Palermo
W i, Qossard, S. Jose E <* Peart, Colusa
Mrs A A Ward. Seattle R S Brown. Petaluma
Dr A L Tibbits, Cal J E Brandon, Petalma
W D Shonefelt. Sacto W E Welch, Colusa
Miss A Kennedy. Cal E M Welch, Colusa
A W Whitney. L Ang ,A J Davis. Colusa
Mrs LII Jansen. Ind D W Burchard, S .Tone
Mis- Jameson. Ind I «v" H Lumsden. Oakld
Mrs J R Leonard. Ind T Cunningham, Oakld
Miss M O'Brien. Mo Miss Kennedy, Sacto
c E Taylor & w. Ariz W T Barry, Castroville
Miss M Baker. Tex A B Bush, Los Ang
W T Heffernan &w, N Black-stock. Cal
Yuma '• A Brown & w, ('al
H B.Kksin Jr. Cal IS Martlnelll. Cal
J Doan, Fortuna L Martlnelll, Cal
T G Hoiiingberg. Cal M Leonard. s Cruz
II Sexton, Ventura E Donnelly. Jersey City
Miss (t Greer. « 'nimbus I Rade. Dkiah
Miss M Greer. Colmbus C N Tuller, Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
B Fisher. San Jose A S Kelly,' Suisun
B Fisher. San Jose |A S Kelly, Suisun
W E Empey, Sacto H Frledel, San Jose
C P Pickett, Sacto I A Donahue, Benicia
G Marcno, Marysville S Machlda. Japan
E C Oakley. c.illstoga Miss M Raynor, Colo
P Flguero ft w, Los A Miss Z Fugard. Colo
C Figuero. Stockton Capt Bingham, Fresno
C Gordan, San Jose I J Clancey, Vallejo
R Crabtree, San Jose w L Raskins. Fklah
S Handnll, Manila ,\V G Walker, Mo
J Mulroy. Berkeley
■ ♦ * . .
Close of the Triduum.
The triduum, or three days' devotion,
came to a close last nipht. This festival,
which is meant as a consecration of all
Catholics to our Lord, is held at different
times of the year in different parts of the
world. It is a final dedication of thanks-
Bivlnjf for blesslngs^and favors of the
past, and is intended to be a fitting spirit
ual close for the century. It has nothing
to do with the coming year. That is to
be signalized by the promulgation of a
jubilee. The trlduum has been observed
In the conventional establishments during
the past week, and In the churches during
the last three days, ending last night at
vespers with the act of solemn consecra
tion.
LOTTERY DRAWING.
OFFICIAL DRAWING i
OP THE *
LOTTERY j
t
OF THE (
OF THE *
BEIFICENGIA PUBLIC! |
The 127 th Ordinary Monthly Drawing. (
CLASS "II." (
Drawn in the City of Mexico, on August 24, <
1899.
SPECIAL NOTICE. !
The public Is cautioned to beware of con- .
cerns claiming to operate lotteries in the City ■
of Mexico, or at any other point In the Re- ■
public of Mexico, as all such concerns are ,
fraudulent. The lottery of the Benelleencia | .
Publics is the only one authorized and in- 1 .
dorped by the Mexican National Government. ■ ■
Beware of spurious Imitations and see that 1 •
all tickets are signed by A. Castillo, Inter- ; .
venor, and l". Bassetti, Manager, as none oth- | ,
ers are genuine. ■ '
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize, i .
12........' 20 113 20, 246 40 .
258 40! 289 40 312 20 I ,
346 20! 455 20 473 '.. 20 1.
648........ 20 758 40 766 40 ,
822 20 844 80 917 40.
974.. 100 988 2" 1159 40 ,
1225 40 1 1430 100 1442 100 ,
1433 20,1502 20 \ 1614 20;,
1698 20 i 1698 20' 1739 40 ,
1764 401 1877 2011935 40 j ,
1945 20 2004 20 2136 20 | ,
2417 200 2557 20 2632 20 I ,
3151 20 3258 40 3378 100 j ,
3477...' 2013609 20 3629 20. ,
3875 40 3904 100 3935.*. 100 | ,
4014 40 4085 20 4135 100 ,
4200........' 20; 4256 20 4261 40 ,
4275 20 4340 40 j 4420 -40 ,
4531 801 4847 40-4674 100 I,
4766 100 4773 20 4782 ' 40 1 .
4882 500 4887 20 5167 20 | .
5215........ 100 5325 20,5351 20
5387 20! 5405 40 5483 20
6802 40 5610 20 5671 40 1
5706 20 • • .
5771 100 5822 4015887 20
6032 100 < 6096 6147 100 '
6293 6507 4016624 80 ,
6637 40 6872 40:6999 20 1
7083 40 7199 7268 20 '
7456 40 7616 7739 100 .
7758 20 8154 . 20 8235 20 j
8469 40 j 8691 2018774 20 '
8776 40 8975 20 9068 20
9079 40 9277 1000 9291 20
9318 40 9913 4019920 40
10168 100; 10433 80 10536 20 g
10543 20 10554 40 10792 20 ! 1
10871 20 10937 200i11002.. 100 j
11122 40 11139 20:11253 40 M
11868 100 11641 20111682 20 1'
11706 20 11737 20111892 20
11957 40 12138 12145 20 !
12597 40 12678 40 12713 40 ! :
12987 20 13053 4013194 100
13466 20 13563 40 13709 20 1 '
18884 20 13909 20 13964 20 J
14060 2014162 100 14211 20 1 ;
14250 20 14261 40 14431 20
14451 20 14610 4014691 20 i '
147-0 20 14809 20:15034 20
1517.6 40 15229 100 15312 20.
15326 100 15440 154*50 20 !
16465* 20 15530 20J15582 40
; 15671 20 15849 20.15856 200
j 16025:. 20 1 16266 '40 i 18307 ...... 40 i
16378 20 16416 20 16437 500 '
16586... 40 18601 20 16713. 20 *
16795 200 16885 40 169.53 20 I
17029 20 17128 20 17:88 20
17317 20 17347 :. 100 17362 20
17402 20 17546 20 17640 20
17812 100 18048 40 18131 20
18418 20 18522 20 18549.., 40
18640 18753 40118777 20
18803 3018846 40 18972 40
19037 100 19067 40 19165 20 ! '
19277 2019309 10019432 40 ! .
19683 20 19742 20 19777 20 •
19812 20 19342 8019848 20
19849 20 19884 80 19987 40
20094 20,20138 2020149 20 ',
20181 200120220 20 80296 20
20287 20 20358 20624 20
20675 1000,20747 100 20750 . 40
20801 2020854 4021033 80
21045 2021201 40*21269 20
21377 40121739 20121324 200
21881 4022127 20:22128 20
22148 40122173 00 22231 20
'22457 2022545... 22568 ...T.:.. 20
22818 4" 22-78 22922 .. ".. 20
22987 20 22997 23156. 40
23344 20123249 20,23276 »0
I 2327S 100123622 40 23696 20
23743 40123358 1001240*5 40
24023 20,24104 100124195 20
24241 24416 40 24504 20
84548 24654 20124737... 20
24798 20:24611 40 24873 20
24940 20125081 20 25!' -. 40
25198 40,25231 20 25386 100
22448 40125637 200)25870 100
25874 100! 25904 20:26087 20
26116 4026162 20 26165 500
26220 8086437 26643 40
■ 20712 40126738 4036822 40
88850 4026321 40 26359 40
27143 4'"'27193 ' 40:27220 20
27222 20 27233 '27302 40
27537 40 27556 4" 27"."" 40
27625 40 27642 27657 20
'27879.* 20 [2793*3 100>28129 100
28138 60000 2.8152 40 28.180 40
28572 40128608 40123760 20
28737 20 29031 20,29087 20
29131 20:29136 20 29363 20 I
23448 '.. 40 29533 20 29592 20
29654 500129859 600129879 40
30011 20:30109 2030171 20
30251 100)30503 20, 30582 20
30615 40 3070 100130749 40
30824 80 80862 20130967 20
31461 40131503 20131512 20
■31568 31608 10081672 20
31348 2031978 2132063 20
32274 40 32683 20 32721 20
32863 1000032979 20,32994 20
88028 20 33030 20,33051 40
I 33113 \. 33290........ 20(33300........ 40
33451 40 33658 20 33702 20 '
33717 80183891 10088951 20 i
84046 100:34173 40134230 40 I
34232 20 31428 20 34548 40
34602 2034741 34811 20
: 34836 2031545 40 31904 20
35114 2035453 40135501 200
I 3576.8 20 35851 200 ' 35.853 1000
85930 20 35944 20,35964 20
36010 40136193 100136313 80
36477 20136526 A 20136333 20
36943 .200136947 1 40137191 40
37321 20 37404 ?_ 20137564 20
37644 200187898 38017 20
38020 38051 20 38139 20
33152 40382.,-, 40 38262 20;
88514 20 38555 2038597 20
38613 38618 20 88748 20
3SS4O 20 39021 33091 40
39393 '. 20 39431 40 33433 40
39516 100139553 20 39677 20
33723 10089964 20 40130 40
40310 20140327 40527 100
110619 40621 40140985 20
41148 40:41313 20141326 20000
41415 20141549 20 41649 20
42020 40142442 40142451 20
42474 20 4257R 40 42489 500
42564 100 42605 ... 40 42647 40
42866 20 43147 40 43158 20
43178 20 43210 20 43233 20
43244 40 43205 200143381 20
43455 20 43527 40 43565 20
43744..' 43853 40 43929 40
44106 40 44179 44204 20
44254 2044323 2044351 20
41541 100 44542 44552 40 ,
44604 100144640 40 44782 40 ,
44.863 45107 20*45359 20
45424 100 455*1 20145575 20
45672 100 45791 200 45929 100
45961 48021 * 40146107 20
48157...'..... 20 46436 40:46541 20 .
46550 20 46637 46753 40 i
46923 tf 20 47292 40(47548 40 ■
47580 20 47584 1000 47586 40
47680 20 47701 20147703 20 I
47364 47379 20147300 40
47-.-0 40 48007 40|4520S 20
45300 4045314 100 18463 20
48613 40 45530 20 48538 20
48598 200143660 40148637 40:'
45718 40 48745 20 48773 SO 1
4v7-8 40 488-11 '... 20 48846 20 i
4926° 40 49305 40 49505 100 '■
49614 40 49092 20 49827 40 1
4*1834 100 49837 20:49913 40 !
40933 .. 100 49985 600|50084 20] 1
,1168 20150402 20150476 100 ! (
50498 10W50067 ■ 20150692 .20
50973 20151145.: 20151279 40
61231 51343 20151362 100
51375 40151469 40)51505 40 1
5164,3 20181708 20151381.. Jo(i
51884 40 52037 40152041 20 |
52160 20 52292 .40152323 20. I
52343 20 52348 52444 40 I '
5*466 .... 20 52379 2052645 100 ; '
53696.. 52737 20 52784 20
5-854 20 52553 1000 .",2898 20 I
52955 100 53252 40 53270 40 1 ,
£3263........ 100:53422 4053488 20 ■
53640 20 53774 40 53809 20 '
53835........ 20153940 40 53974 20;
54071 1005-1072 40 54073 20 1 *
54226 ... 2054323 20154336 20
64427.. .... 20 54439 4C|.r.450S 40 I
54522 ... 100)64563 54634 100
64744!....... 2054783 .20154801 20
54805 * 20 55200 20 55222 40
55.40. 20 55375 80156608 20
55627 4055049. 20155778. 20
56885 .... 29155931 20 50040 20
66055 ..* .. 20,56069 40 56078 20
66200 .... 40 36237 201562CS 20
V.467 ' 10056471... 20 56660 20
56377 . 20056987.. J1C0'."123 40
Otra .... 20 57204........ 20157316 ;. 20 *
57391* * .. 20157442 40157499 20
r.7566*'".!.. 20157667.......'- 20157742 20
579 M" :.... 80158168 ** 40158339 20
58678* ..... 20)58741 ; 203,8818 ...... 40 :
sSB4<t' .. 4059029........ 20159143 20
69278*"!.... 20,69342 20159738. ....... 40 -
59789*' ..... 100 59854 20159981 20
60069'" 2060162 : 30160254 100
60467 ....... 20160626 100*60634.. 20
....... 2060670 20(60678 40
60701 ..!.... 200160827 ...* 20 60884 20
6104,3' 20 61119 20 61163........ 20
61172 40(61274 40 61290........ 20
61340 20 61415 100,61536......... 20 .
615G6........ 20 61596........ 20:61650 20 *
61669 61678.:...... 61700........ 20
OK*-' .... 2061773.. 10*0161811 20
61876... 40162298 20162304........ 20 :
62336 4062466 100:62582 20
62612. 40162716... 100162717 40 ;
62768 20162-31 20 63197........ 200
63178 20 63533........ 40163716 40
63734 20 63735 20163813 40
63840........ 40163881 40(64045 20
64107........ 40164139 200 64243.. ...... 20
LOTTERY DRAWING.
No. Prize. No. Prize. INo. Prize.
64351 100)64688 20 64676 40
64714 20164719 40 64871.. -1"1
fi«2S 8066152 20165334 40 \
65671 200 65703........ 40i«.16 20 |
65780 20 65811 40'6;^76 20 1
6593*1 65969 40 66"43 40 j
6625J........ 2066350 20:66416 20
€6441........ -0166449 20 66464 40
66485 ■ 20 66495..-. 100166529 20
66639 1000 66645.. . 4066659 M
66951 100 67317 100 6733S 20
67168 2<i[676oS 40 67640 100
67652 40 67666 40 67730 20
67768 20167863 40 68172 4"
65363.. 40JG8457 20 ' (38500 40
68578 -20 68859........ 40168882 20
68906.... ' 2fti69209 40169229 ' 100
69247 20 69270 40i69293 100 j
M*l3 100169429 20 69453 40 '
69439 40 69496 40169748 40
69767 100,«9504......... 20
70153 2070311 20170524 100 I
70595 20170645 100:70798 20 I
71013 20 71186 jo 7242 * 40
71260 2071335 401714.2 20
71577 40 71654 '20|71756 2"
"1*23 10071360 200 72161 40
72294 100 72488 40*72508 2'
72541 20 72740 40172794 20 1
72505 40 7294S 100 7:967 20
7307S 40 73091 20:73213 20 1
732*33 73347 20 73383 20 I
73396 100173403 2073447 200 I
73624 100173929 40 73987 40 j
74022 20 74054 500 74147 20
74152 20 74181 20 71267 20
74618........ 100 i 74629 40 74659... 20
74661 40 74770 74775 200
74988 20 75016 500 75047.. 40 1
75081 40175145 40 75252 200
75393 40175493 20 75519 20 '
73670 4076827 20 76836 20 1
76011 100 76033 40 76223 20
76699 * 4076856..: 2C!7CSfii 20 I
76877 20 76985 40177054 40
77095 100 77125 2- 77:123 40 j
77606 200 77614 20177677 100 1
77943 2078667 20178138 40
78274........ 20 78379 20i7840l) 100
78449 2078517 100 7*550 40
78379 78610 20178549 40
78866 80(78808 40178923 20
78937 4079235 20 79293 40 :
7936S 20179504 40179524 20
79615........ 200 70668 100175759 20
79591 40179993 20!
APPROXIMATION PRIZES. :
100 numbers from 2'os*; to 2SISS Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on 'each side of the number 1
drawing* capital prize of $50,00". 160.
-ICO numbers from 41276 to 41*76 Infln-'v*.
being 50 numbers on each side of the number ,
drawing capital prize of (20, W *>40.
100 numbers from 3253S to 32938 inclusive.
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing* capital prize of £0,080, $20.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending with 3S, being the last 1
two figures of the number drawing the capital !
prize of $60,000, $20.
799 numbers ending with 26. being the last two
figures of the number drawing the capital prize
Of $20,000, $20. ____
No. 2SI3S draws first capital prize of $60,000, .
sold In San Antonio, Texas.
No. 41326 draws second capital prize of $20,000,
sold in Meridian. Miss.: Kansas City, Mo.
No. 32S8S draws third capital prize of $10,000,
sold In Tnrreon, Coah.. Mexico City.
No?. 9277, 20675, 35859, 51883 and 66839 draw
each $1000, sWd In Altoona, Pa.: Chicago, III.;
Fort Worth, Tex.; Memphis, Term : Guada-
lajara. Jal.; Guanajuato. Gto.; Mexico City.
Sao Francisoo, Cal.; Beaumont. Tex.; San
Francisco, Cal.; San Antonio, Tex. .
The regular monthly drawing. No. 128. with
capital prize of $60,000, will take place on Sep-
tember 28, 1899.
Wholes, $4; halves, $2; quarters, $1; eighths,
50c; sixteenths, 25c, United States money.
ANTONIO PEREZ.
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
AFOLIXAK CASTILLO.
. Intervenor.
■
1
:
<
!
:
j
I
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George Fisher to L. M. Hoefler. lot on X line ;
of Greenwich street. 100 W of Baker, W S3:»£
by N 137:6 warranty deed; $10.
E. C. and Sadie A. Ktlpatrick (by Daniel C,
Deasy. commissioner) to Mission Home and
Loan Association, lot on N line of Green street,. I
57:6 E of Polk, E 25, N 100, SW to point, S S3;
$3800. ~
Charles Katz to Thomas MeCarty. lot on W
line of Clayton street, 32 N of Frederick, N 27
by W 96:10H: $2000. .
Dan Einstein. Matthew and Lena Johnson
and City Street Improvement Company (by 11.
V -vert commissioner) to Western Loan As-:
soclatlon. lot on E line of Noe street, 88 S of
Alvarado (Ml. S26by E 101:10; $2218. -,
Thomas Mc'irty to Charles Katz, lot on NE
corner of Taylor and Green streets, E 35 by N
40; $10.
Sarah Wakefield to Louisiana S. Foster (wife
of A. W.). lot on W line of Jones street, 93:9
N of Sacramento, N 30 by. W 127:6; $10.
Edward J. and Cornelia 3. Pringle to Tallant
Banking Company, lot on W line of Twenty
second avenue. 200 S of M street, S 75 by W 120,
warranty deed; $10. ■ " !■* '■ -• ■
M. McCann to Olive Verkouteren, lots 23. 27
and 28. block 11, tract A, People's Homestead
Association, quitclaim deed; also lot on s line
of Hale streei. 50 E of Merrill, E 50 by 3 75,
lots 27 and' 28, block 11. Tract A, People's
Homestead Association $10.
E. F. Preston to J. M. a-nd W. O'Brien Mac
donough and Agnes M. A*?ar. undivided five
twelfths of lot on E line oi Howard street. 149
S of Seventeenth. S 48, E 245, N 24, W 122:6,
N 24, W 122:6; $2.
City and County of San Francisco to Joseph
M. and William O'Brien Macdonough and Ag
nes M. Agar (Macdonough 1. James V.' Cole
man. Cecelia C. d'Andlgne (May), Isabella C.
May, John G. and Agnes M. Agar (trustees),
all same; .
Joseph M. and AVilliam O'Brien Macdonough.
Acnes M. Agar (Macdonough), James V. Cole
man. Cecelia C. D'Andlgne (May), Isabella C.
May. John G. and Agnes M. Agar (trustees of
estate of Joseph Macdonough) to Margaret W.
Murphy. lot on w line of Shotwell street. 173
S of Seventeenth, S 24 by W 122:6; $1500.
John Y. Millar to Thomas J. Schuyler, undi
vided third of lot on E line of Howard street,
149 S of Seventeenth, S 48, E 245, N 24, W 122:6,
N 24. W 122:6; $."."''.
Thomas J. Schuyler to Margaret W. Murphy,
ot on W line of Shotwell street, 173 S of Seven
teenth. S 24 by W 122:6; $5. - -
C. a. and Mary MeCormlek Doyle to Minerva
D. Kellogg, lot on SW line of Firs- street, 65
NW of Howard, NW 20 by SW SO; $10.
Alameda County.
P. W. and Elizabeth J. Anderson to Ormls
ton W. Swayze, lot on XF: line of Perry street,
at point of its Intersection by dividing line
between lots 3 and 4. block T. Map of Oak
land Heights, thence NE 217.90, NW 50, SW
220.85, SE 60.085. to beginning, being the SE
portion of lot 3. block T. Revised Map - of
Oakland Heights, Oakland; $10.
Sarah J. Miller to George D. Hlldebrand,
lot on NE corner of Sixteenth and Castro
streets, E 50 by N .100. block 272, Oakland; $10.
Kate A Ward to Hortense W. Bouton (wife
of W. F.). lot on NE line of East Twenty- 1
second' street, 262:6 NAA' of Thirteenth avenue,
SAY 162:6 by XE 150. except that portion con
veyed to the city of Oakland July 26, 1897,
being a portion of block 139, Clinton, East
Oakland: $10.
Horatio P.. Helen E., Norman 8.. Edith,
MatJle and Elisabeth Llvermore. Frank L. !
Brown and Washburn & Morn Manufacturing 1
Company (by J. B. I.anktree, commissioner) '
to Josephine F. Brugulerre, lots 26 to 34, 39, 40, |
42 to 45, excepting from lot 26. .39 of an acre,
containing in all 51.13 acres, excepting streets
dedicated to public use, being a portion of Rock ;
Ridge. Oakland Township: $17,728.
Benjamin and Elizabeth B. Bangs to ,T. A.
Ycrgon. lot on E line of Hillegass avenue, 200
S of Parker street, S 60 by E 159.44. being lot
51 and X half of lot 52, Map of Hillegass
Property, Berkeley; $1200.
• Anna Sylva to Phil Cook. lot 11. Map of
Subdivision of Frank Silva Tract, Elmhurst,
Brooklyn Township; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
Directors of the Richmond Congregational
Church (owners) with Charles F. Shelbley (con
tractor)-, architect Joseph W. Rowell- Carpen
ter and mill work, shingling and tin flashing
and other tin work, galvanized iron and
wrought iron, straps and grills and electric i
light wiring for frame church and additions to
rear of adjacent Sunday-school building on lot !
on SW corner of Clement and Seventh avenues.
W 120 by S 75: $3655.
Same owner with John R. Sehrneder' (con
tractor), architect same—Plastering, painting.
tinting, exterior modeling and clear glass for
same on same; $14,-.*. -
D. L. Bliss (owner) with W. .11. Bagge (con
tra*; "'. architects Bliss & Faville—All work
except finish hardware, plumbing, gas piping, a
electric wlrlnc. gas and electric fixtures and
mantels, except the one In hall, for dwelling
house on lot on NE corner of Baker street and :
Broadway, X 1"6 by E 4"; $4600,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
7.XZZ'iyPyy:y.: .'-' • . ,  , .'
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
IHL MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS \
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IX THE YEAR 'PULLMAN
PALACE AXD PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M..
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED EY MR !
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT I
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. PP-PP
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628 !
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara Street. j
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOVTIIIKN PACIFIC company.
(PACIFIC mra.) X'XZ-XP.
Train* leave »»n«« '"'« ,l"*< to »»'«**l»e »*
wan FItAXCIWO.
(Main Line, Foot of Marks! Street)
leave _ From Acgfst 2, 1339. -ariiiv
7:0Oa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . O: l.lp
7:00 a Marysvillo, Oro-flileand Redding via
Woodland •• * ™=
7:00 Llmir.., Vac-aril and Rumsey .. . . . ».a»p
7 :a«A Martinez, San Ramon.A'allejo. Napa.
( -v!!' toga Simla R05a......... o.]**>r
»:«©* Atlautie Exptcss. tlcdcn and l-.-iat.. ».-13a
•i3oa San .lose, Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramcuto. Placerville,
Miirysvillc. t.lcco. Red Bluff *-*»'
»:»0\ •Milton, Oatdaluand torora. *:iop
H-.'tlO/x Yosrmlto Valley via Oakdalo and
Chinese .V\-
»:OOa navwards-Nilcu and Way Stations. I- : «•»*.
1>:00,\ Mart:::./., Tracy. Lathrcp, Stockton,
Merced r'rcsuo .*.?*
»io«»a Fresno. llakcrsOeld .Scuta Rarhara.
Lea Angeles, l)emln& B Paso,
New Orlear.3 and East Sl^-'
1 0:00 a A'allejo. Martinex and Way Stations .■■ .2*
1 1 :00a Hnywe.r."lt(, Nilea and Way Stations. 8i*o»
I 2:00 m Nilcs, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, VisiUa,
Porterville ■ .l'\?_r
•1.-OOp Sacrament.) River Stsameta #S:l»Op
S:OOp Hayward... Nik* and Way Stations. tt:lnp
«:OOr Martinez, Han Ramon. \ralI(?jo,
• Nana, UaNstaqpK Santa Rosa WilOa
4>OOr Benicia, Vacavillo. Saciutneuto,
Woodland, Knlßhts Landing,
Murysville, Orovilio IO:«*
4:3opNUes, San. Toaooud Stockton ?:!',p
•l::iOp Y'oEcmite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15p
B>oop*i'r:e Owl. Tracy, Fresno. B.ikcrs-
fisld, Saugus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. 0:«4.
.1:80p Stockton. Merced. Fresno I8:l.Tr
V B::iOp Martinez. Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojavo and I. is Angeles B:la4
B:!M»r Sauta I'o ltoulo, Atlanllr, Express
for Mojave and Last (8:43p
*B:OOp Chicago-San I'rauciiCodpecial.Ogdeii
and Cast.. Si-iOp
G:OOp Haywards. r.nd S.m Jose 7»48a
•8:00 - ViJU-jo 13:I»F
17:00p Vollejo. Fort Costa and Way Sta-
tians 19:33*
8:o9e Oregon l';xiireßS,Saerul7ieiilo. Marys-
* :; ville, Redding, Portland, i'nget
Sound and i:.-i-,t s-.i^k
COAST VISION (Karros* linage).
(Foot ot Market Street.) >
1?:43a Santa Cruz Excursion fcr Santa
Cruz and Principal Wr.y Sla'ious {B:C3P
S:l3a Newarlt.C'Mt TTiile.SanJoje, Felton,
Boulder (.'ri.-t.-k.SautaC/uz and Way -
Stations • BißOf
*Zil-r Newark, Ceiterviiio, San .loss, Now
Almadeu, i'cllon, Roulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »I 0:30 a
4:lBp S_n Joso. Oleuwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:2- A
Mi 13p Felton. Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
Hoes /Oiaoa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from Sill HUiiOlSCO— foci of Utimtl Streal (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2«0 13:00
♦1:03 13:00 *G:C3i-.m.
from OIIUKD— Fci of Bread *»•.— 'fi-.CO 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:03 "1:00 12:73 _ *3::J M;co «3:00i-.«,
COAST DIVISION inroiddatige).
(Third and Townsend Sta.) ;
•K:IOa Ocean Vic-tv, SoutU bin l''ruiici=eo.. #0:30-p
(7:011 a San J o*o ami Way Stations (New
Almaiirii Wednesdays only) »S:00a
17:30 a Sunday Excursion fcr Santa Cruz,
Piicilia Crovu and Principal Way
Stations JB»33f
9:00 a San Joso, Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz,
Pacilio Grove. Paso Resides, San
Luis Oblnm, Surf, Loiipoc and ,
Principal Way Stations! 4:10r
I0:4Oa Ban .lose ami Way Stations «: y.-J a.
II:::oa San Joso and Way Stations liUOp
•a:lsp San Mateo, Redwood, Mcr.lo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Hollister. Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey nnd I'.iciiic Grove *lO:3ba
•:i::ti»i- San.li.si-, Santa Cruz. Pacliio Grove
and Princiial Way Stations "7:30p
*-l:13p BauJoesaiHl i'rincipal Way Stations Oi4Sa
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Wi.y Stations *8:85*
3:150 1- San Jose and Principal Way Stations "5):!tOA
0:3 Op Ban Jose and Way Stations 3:: top
tli: I'M- San .1 ■'■■■.'• Way Stations l~::;Qp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Buuday excepted. 1 Sunday only. t Saturday only.
fctiaturday nnd Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN SY. CO,
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Firry, Foot oi Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, »:W, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, fi:3o p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:01
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY'S— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:10, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAY'S— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m. ■ ...
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
• April 16, 1 •
Week Sun- ls»9. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days, j Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato,- 10:40 am; 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, : 6:05 pir. 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. j 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ana
Healdsburg,
. Lvtton,
f Geysefvllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am G'.overdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 m
7:30 am Hopiand and 10:25 aia
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm; 6:20 pm
7:30 am | 10:25 an»
J 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
R:3O pm ) 6:20 pm
7..'0 ami 8:00 am! Sonoma [10:40 am! 8:40 am
I end I I
6:10 pm] 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. . 6:05 pm; 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 110:40 amllO :25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm! I 7:35 pmi 6:2-) pni
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for M.irk West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs: at ' rdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carls-bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Bine Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside^ Llerl- y's,
Bucknell's. Sanliedrin Heights. HullvlUa,
Brvor.evllle, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro. White s-boro. Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllltta. Laytonville, Cum-[
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olson's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pointa
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bldg,
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito .Ferry.
Comei: ing April -i, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:O6. •8:00. »:», 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:4;.. 3:20. 4:1 0, *6:0 1, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— :00, *9:00, *10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:46. *2:30, »4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:08 a. m. does not run to San Rafl Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
. Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25. •«:«, 7:55. 8:«, "10:20
a m.: 12:30. 2:15: »3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00. »S:0O. *3:45. '10:45. »11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20. '3:30, *5:15. *6:00. 7:00, 10:13
P. in.
Trains marked (**) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 6:50. 7:55, S:K. 10:35
a. m.; 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. in. *.■■-'
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1:20, 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Casad r ■ and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdav?— Cazadero and way st-\'ns.
6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. tS, I&SS. trains will run as follows:
From Jan. 2S. 1599. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen-l Mixed. J Mixed, 1 Passen-
ger. Sundayf Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. I Exc'ptdl Exc'ptdl Dally.
7-20 am 10:30 am Stockton | 3:45 pm 6:oo' pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 ami 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 12:30 ami Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 Iml Tulare 5:50 am 1:0» pm
"Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
• For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
Ban Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
MOUNT TA.MALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a, m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:13 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:43. 2:30
and 4 p. m. . .
Fare S F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS COOK & SON. Acts.. 621 Market sl
910
RECUPERATING FROM
THE CELEBRATION
A Quiet Day in Camp and a
Boisterous Crowd in the
City Streets. j
YESTERDAY was a quiet day at the
camp of the Californians, despite
the fact that the battalion streets
were full of people and every tent was
full of friends. So much excitement as
lias been given the volunteers finally be
comes hard work, and yesterday the boys
v.*. re tired.
Ten o'clock on Sunday was the warn
ing each man received as he left the
camp Saturday evening, and they did try
to return on time, but to err is human,
and the error in this case was still ap-«
parent at 12. , .
As was expected, it was visitors nay.
There were more people in camp than
the Presidio has seen in a long time, and
among them all there were few who did
not know at least one of the volunteers.
The boys held levy on tho steps of their
tents, upon their boxes and baggage in
side, along the sidewalks and in the
camp streets. ' A constant stream of peo-
*■"".".
ple passed up and down before the staff
otlicers' tents of both infantry and artil
lery, and a crowd was way- around the
piles of baggage still remaining to be
opened and Inspected. The baggage has
practically all been passed, but there is
a great deal still awaiting some one to
take possession. . .
Souvenirs were what many of the peo
ple wanted, and souvenirs were what
many who sought received. The soldiers
were good-humored, and anything went
from a brass button to a Spanish rifle.
Luckily, however, most of what souvenirs
the men brought home had already gone
to those for whom they were Intended.
otherwise under the genial influence of
the welcome the men might have become
too charitable.
The work of mustering out and the lib
erty of the men are the principal sources
of conversation. The work will com
ADVERTISEMENT S.
RUiIISORE
j Solid Sore from Knee to Instep.
| Solid Sore from Knee to Instep.
Thought have to be Amputated.
Walked with Crutch. Almost
Wild with Pa in._
Wild with Pain.
Physician Said "Never could be
Cured." Tries CUTICURA.
Sleep after First Application.
Cured in Eight Weeks.
I was afflicted -with a terrible sore leg, caused
I by a cut. It became ao inflamed that it was
I thoupht it would have to be amputated. My
physician eaid that "it could never bo cured,
that it would remain a running sore on account
of tho poisonous Btate of my blood." "R"hen I
I got out of bed I could hardly stand the pain, and
i. ii to get along with a crutch. I tried ail kinds
of biood and other medicines without success, my
leg getting wor.e until it became a solid sore
from my knee to Instep. Utterly discouraged
and almost wild with pain, I gave up in despair,
making up my mind that death would be a sweet
relief. Casually picking up an oid paper, I
noticed the description of a man who had been
cured by Cuticura. remedies, afflicted like my-
self . I immediately procured tbe Cuticuiu Re-
eolvent, Cuticura Soap, and CL'TICUBA (oint-
ment). The firui app lication of Cuticura (oint-
ment), after carefully washing my leg with warm
water and plenty of the Cuticura Soap, gait
mt to much r'liff that I inn obit to sleep orer
half of the -iakt, and after the third day I rested
well every night. I went on improving, and in
exactly eight weeks from the time I began the
use of Cuticura remedies I was able to return
to my trade (carptnteriug). v." and sound.
T.C. BRISCOE,
Ang. 19,1898. 160 W. Hunter tit., Atlanta, Ga.
CUTICURA
CUfICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That 1s to ssy ff - - Mood and circa-
That 1s to say it pnrifles the blood and circu-
lating fluid? of Humor tint, and thns removes
The cautr. while warm baths with Cuticura Soap,
and gentle anointing with Cuticura (ointment),
greatest of emollient skin cures, cleanse the skin
an'l sca'.p of crusts and scales, allay itchlntr, burn-
ing, and inflammation, soothe and heal. Thus
■ppeedily, permanently, and economically cured
tfie most torturlr.g, disfiguring humors of the
slcln, scalp and blood, •*•''._ loss of hair, when the
best physician! and all other remedies fall.
Sold throushout the world. Potter D.aidC. Co«P.,
Bole Pi* .Boston " Howto Cure E-.-ery Humor,"fre*.
BABY'S SlUN^M^tSS?***
BABY'S SKIN
It's
It's
Good Tea
Good Tea
WE ARE
TALKING ABOUT.
TALKING ABOUT.
Try
Great American Importtni Tea Go.
Big Presents Free.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORKS.
MR. LEO BABAYAN,
MR. LEO BABAYAN,
OF TEHERAN, PERSIA.
OF TEHERAN, PERSIA,
Has Brought a Superb Collection of
PERSIAN
TURKISH
FINE ANTIQUE
FINE ANTIQUE
RUGS, CARPETS, Etc.
He Has Consign- d to Me the Entire Stock to
Sell Out at
AUCTION!
Without Limit or Reserve, at
117 SUTTER STREET,
117 SUTTER STREET,
Opposite Nathan, Dohrmann & Co.'a.
SALE COMMENCES ON
WEDNESDAY. August 30th,
WEDNESDAY, August 30th,
At 2:30 p. m. Daily.
Goods on View Tuesday. Catalogues.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
000900000000000000
%-p.f PALACE *«•*
ZGRAND
_ SAH FRANCISCO.
Q SAH FRANCISCO. JJ
J^ Connected by* a oovered paaaageway. **
° 1400 Rooms— wih Both Attached. *•
O All Under One Manage nitwit. O
O . NOTE TEE PRICK* :~ O
O European Plan. f per day and upward 0
O American P1aa.93.00 per day and upward *.
Correapondence Bclloited. V
O JOHIC 0. KIEEPA THICK, tfaaeger. O
Q.Q.Q_QQ_QQQQ QQ QQQQQQQ
mence to-day at 10 o'clock, and when the
in. were let go last evening they were
warned to return at that hour and no
later. The officers of the regiment and
the battalion will be taken in hand by the
mustering officers, and will be shown ex
actly what will be expected of them. As
for the liberty of the men, lt will rest ln
a great measure upon themselves. If they
return promptly upon th.*. expiration of
thoir leaves or, lacking passes, if they re
port promptly at reveille and retreat,
their liberty need not bother them much,
for they will get plenty. Hut if there is
any disposition to impose upon the mili
tary routine of **.c camp, under the pre
text of insistent friends or relatives,
there will be trouble at once, and the
men will have to stay in camp. Unless
the men attend to business the three
weeks quired for mustering out the
commands will run into a month or more,
and too much leisure -will prove a harm
instead of a benefit. *
An Invitation from the people of
Oakland, asking all volunteers who
are residents of Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley to be over on the
7 o'clock broad pauge ferry to-morrow
evening, has been received and posted
upon the order boards. Colonel Duboce
says, .however, that he cannot be respon
sible for the picking out of the men. He
has given the invitation the fullest pub
licity, but unless the men come to him or
their friends send in the names he can
not undertake to find them. The work of
the officers is behind already, and it must
be delayed no longer, but If those of his
men who are entitled to the courtesy ex
tended will make the request he will
grant them furloughs for the occasion.
The welcome of the volunteers has not
been confined to the city, as telegrams
from all over the country will testify.
Colonel Duboce received three of which
lie is particularly proud. The first is
from Brigadier General Charles King,
who sent this from Milwaukee:
Commanding Officer First California Volun
teers: Welcome home to every man and to
honors richly deserved. CHARLES KING.
Colonel John R. Berry sent the follow
ing:
On behalf Seventh California I welcome you
and regiment to home, sweet home, and con
gratulate you upon regiment's honorable record
ln service* and luster it sheds upon California
and Its military organization. Absence from
means of communication prevented earlier ex
pression. JOHN R. BERRY.
Brigadier General C. F. A. Last of the
First Brigade sent this:
Welcome home. My con-pratulatlons to you
Welcome home. My congratulations to you
ill on the brilliant record you have made.
C. F. A. LAST, Brigadier General.
These telegrams have been put among
the regiment's records.
THE CITY RECUPERATING.
It Took a Day for the People
to Recover From the
Celebration.
San Francisco occupied its time yester
day recuperating. The usual Sunday
crowds were nowhere to be seen. The
streets looked lonesome and deserted.
The only evidence remaining of Cali
fornia's welcome to her soldier sons was
stray pieces of tattered bunting, ungainly
frames that were the night before gayly
decorated reviewing stands, ! and the
pieces of palm leaves that had done
service transforming Market street Into
a beautiful vista, but which yesterday
littered the roadway and the sidewalks
from the ferry depot to the City Hall.
The people did not go to bed until long
after daylight Sunday morning, and then
only because the dawn robbed their an
tics of much of the novelty and delight
that the darkness gave. When old Sol
peeped over the eastern hills, San Fran
cisco, her people and her guests pre
sented a sorry sight. They had indulged
in a night of the wildest revelry and
were experiencing the difference that Is
said to come -with the dawn of day.
Thousands whose homes were on the
other side of the bay, having failed to I
make connection with the last boat over,
sought rest and slumber on the streets,
in doorways, ln the vestibules of some of
the big Market-street buildings in fact any
place that afforded the slightest shelter
or surface upon which to repose their
weary bones. This condition was by no
means confined to the men. "Women,
babes in arms and little tots barely big
enough to toddle spent the night out
in the fog and dampness because they
had no alternative. Thete was not a room
nor a bed to be had in the city. Hotel
keepers, who have always claimed that
no San Francisco attraction could draw j
people in sufficient numbers to tax their !
accommodations to the limit, were as
tounded at the multitudes of strangers
that came to Join in the soldier boys'
welcome. In numbers the throng beat
anything in the city's history. The
hotels were crowded, and days before the
transport was sighted they were turning
away applicants by the hundred. That
is why people were forced to seek sleep
in the streets the night of the big
parade.
Few of them got much slumber. The
turmoil of the wild, unmanageable mob
that took possession of Market street
and its tributaries after the parade had i
passed made sleep impossible. One who
was not acquainted with the excuse for
all the latitude might reasonably have |
reached the conclusion that this was a
city of demons or inhabited by the sub
jects of an insane asylum. The night
mob was not composed of the same peo
ple who so good naturedly submitted to
the elbowing and crushing, the rough
handling and clubbing by the police while
they scrambled for places of vantage
from which to view the parade. It was a
different set altogether. The early even
ing crowd admired the evergreen decora
tions, took Its hat off to the display of
national colors and was imbued with a
II suit*
EXTRA
EXTRA
MONDAY
SPECIALS!
Oar Immense sales nt last Saturday on But-
ter, Eggs' and Sugar has warranted us to re-
new the sale. It has Increased our reputation
for strictly first-class goods. Come early if you
want your groceries delivered the aame day.
GRANULATED CB^UGAR, 20 lbs $1
PETALUMA RANCH E665. .. 224c
PETALUMA RANCH EGBS. . . 224 c
REGULAR 30c.
EXTRA CMce Creamery BUTTER 45c
EXTRA Choice Creamery BUTTER 45c
Take advantage of this sale. This Butter
Is worth fitc square. '•.-•''
GHIRARDELU'S c&_& Mil, can 25c
GHIRARDELU'S c&^ Ml can 25c
REOULAR SOo.
LEA & PERRIN'S SAUCE... 20c
LEA & PERRIN'S SAUCE... 20c
This is the genuine Worcestershire Sauce
imported. Regular 25c.
PURE LUCCA OIL, Larp Bottle 60c
PURE LUCCA OIL, Large Bottle 60c
Genuine Imported Crosse & Blackwell, Lon-
don. England. Regular 70a i
LILY Sterilized CREAM, 3 cans 25c
LILY Sterilized CREAM, 3 cans 25c
REGULAR 100 CAN. y;_ 2.2
COUNTRY ORDERS filled at short notice
and shipped free of charge 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phona 8. 292. No Branch Store*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 28. 1899.
EAGER FOR THE CALL'S STORY OF
THE BOYS OF CALIFORNIA'S FIRST
Crowds Purchasing the Great Souvenir Edition of Last Thursday.
THAT the souvenir edition of The Call Issued last Thursday morning in honor of the return of the First Califor
nia Regiment, is thoroughly appreciated by the public is evidenced by the enormous sales of the paper. There
never was such a big demand for a special issue of a San Francisco paper. The first edition, which was
thought to V" large enough to meet all demands, was exhausted after the paper had been on sale two days. An
other large edition was run off yesterday and is melting away like snow in the rays of a summer sun. The news
boys in front of The Call office have been rushed from early morn until midnight attending to customers. Most of
the papers are being purchased to send away to friends. The mailing is done free by The Call and yesterday mail
sacks filled with the papers that had been sold during the day were piled high around the newsboys' tables. Many
people, appreciating the superiority of The Call's volunteers news, are purchasing in one wrapper Thursday, Fri
day, Saturday and Sunday papers and sendinr: them away. The souvenir edition is being disposed of so rapidly
that those who have not yet made their purchases had better send in their orders now and avoid disappointment.
THE DAY AFTER THE PARADE.
spirit of true patriotism -which ln turn
created legitimate enthusiasm.
The mob that followed— that yelling,
screeching crowd that turned night into
a veritable bedlam— on mischief bent.
It took advantage of the latitude allowed
by the police by res- jn of the event to
commit acts of vand ism that would not
have been tolerated on any other occa
sion. It stripped Market street of its
gala garb in a twinkle, and strewed the
thoroughfare with debris. It passed
down the line like a cyclone, leaving de
struction and dirt in its wake. Every
thing perishable the citizens had used to
emphasize the warmth of their welcome
was swept away before this mob of
furies, s. ~s .
A policeman at the corner of Stockton
A policeman at. the corner of Stockton
and Market streets, who had the hardi
hood to call a halt, was assaulted and
barely escaped with his life. Then who is
surprised that San Francisco breathed a
sigh of relief when the streaks of gray
in the eastern skies heralded the ap
proach of day? With that the crowds
separated and went to bed, and many of
them may be sleeping yet. '
The soldier boys have been welcomed
home as soldiers were never welcomed
before. The city and the State are satis
fied with the entertainment they pro
vided. Their enthusiasm has been given
vent; they are exhausted, and . now all
they hope for is that things may resume
their normal condition without delay.
The people are glad that the boys in
blue are home again, and they are glad
that they have made provision to care
for them and to provide for their future.
The welcome passes into history.
During the early morning excitement
yesterday a crowd got possession •of a
noisy gong that sounded like the bell on
a fire patrol. Starting from the corner
of Market and Third streets they made a
dash toward Montgomery, clanging the
gong and yelling "fire." Loiterers on the
sidewalks Joined in the cry and fol
lowed the crowd. The dreaded . alarm
awoke the guests of the hotels and
for a time a panic was threatened.
When that line of amusement lost Its
novelty the crowd returned to the start
ing point and undertook to clear the
sidewalks of the boxes and other obstruc-'
tions that had been used as seats from
which to view the parade. The boxes
were being hurled into the street when
some onlooker was struck. In a jiffy he
picked up a missile and cast it at the
crowd on the sidewalk. The fire was re
turned and in an instant the air was
filled with pieces of broken boxes and
cobble stones. Serious damage would
have been done had not a squad of police
been near by and dispersed the mob. Sev
eral of the men were hit by the flying
fragments, but while blood flowed freely
no one was apparently seriously hurt.
The fad of the frolickers was to slap
the face of every passer-by with a
piece of palmleaf torn from the street
decorations. The crowd was no re
specter of sex. for the women who ven
tured out at that time of the night were
treated to the same torment as the men
This trick precipitated several incipient
riots and a number of sanguinary con
flicts.
There waa a "hot time ln the old town."
The musical announcement of every band
in the parade was verified. In fact, the
time was hotter than the citizens antici
pated or wish to experience again. The
Police Department is fagged out.
Reception Echoes.
The Ancient Order of United Workmen
will tender a reception and banquet next
Wednesday evening at Odd Fellows' Hall
to all soldier members of the order who
may be in the city at the time. The ban
quet will commence at 6:30 o'clock and an
entertainment will follow. The executive
committee of the Native Sons and Daugh
ters will meet "Wednesday night at the
California Hotel headquarters to wind up
affairs in connection with the night
parade.
MILLER SAYS
MURDER WAS
PREMEDITATED
Evidence Is Strong
Against Tanner.
SHOWS NO SIGNS OF REMORSE
» ,
BORROWED A PISTOL SHORTLY
BEFORE THE SHOOTING.
BEFORE THE SHOOTING.
'"■ — ♦ ■
Hotelkeeper Says He Declared His
Intention of Killing Brown and
the Barnes Woman Because
the Barnes Woman Because
They Were No Good.
— ♦
" George Tanner, the saloonkeeper who
shot to death Deputy Sheriff James B.
Brown and Mrs. Fannie Barnes in the
St. Malo Hotel Saturday evening,. shows
little signs of remorse for his deed as he
languishes ln the City Prison. He talks
little about the affair, but still contends
that he killed a couple of bad people.
Louis Miller, proprietor of the hotel in
which the tragedy occurred, threw addi
tional light upon the affair yesterday, j
Miller claims that at about 3 o'clock on
Saturday afternoon Tanner visited him
and demanded his pistol which had been
in the hotel proprietor's keeping for
the past two months. When asked what
he desired the weapon for, Tanner re
plied that he was going to kill Brown and
his consort, as they were no good.
Upon Brown's arrival home two hours
later. Miller informed him of Tanner's
threat and admonished him to be
cautious. A few minutes afterward
Tanner himself appeared and went up to
Brown's room. The latter pushed Tanner
away from him and a scuffle ensued which
lasted several minutes, xirown finally
tossed Miller a bunch of keys, one of
which would open a police alarm box,
and asked him to call the patrol wagon.
Miller started out on his errand, but had
not gone very far when he heard the
shots, and returning found Tanner stand
ing over the two lifeless bodies, appar
ently gloating over his work.
"What did you do this for?" exclaimed
Miller. "You are a bad man."
"I didn't do any harm," was Tanner's
reply, "for they deserved it."
Police Officer Robert "Whittle has been
detailed by the authorities on the case.
He spent yesterday in gathering evidence
and in making a minute examination of
the premises on which the tragedy oc
curred. There is one bullet hole in the
wall of the hall, about three feet from the
floor. According to the officer, the loca
tion of the hole would indicate that Tan
ner was standing near the door when he
fired the shots.
The shooting was a surprise to detec
tives, who knew Brown as being a man
handy with his gun. He had been impli
cated in more than one shooting affray,
and one in particular was recalled. About
nine years ago Brown pretended to be
jealous of the attentions of John Coulter,
a policeman, to his wife. They met in a
saloon on Brannan street and Brown
opened fire on Coulter, who returned it.
The shots went wild and no one was in
jured. Brown compelled his wife to pre
fer charges against Coulter, and he was
dismissed from the force.
Brown deserted his wife shortly after.
He had treated her cruelly and she could
stand it.no longer. She got a divorce
from him and the custody' of their daugh
ter. She was an Englishwoman of good
education, but his. treatment of her drove
her to drink, and after her divorce she
became reckless of her reputation and
went down hill very fast.
Brown had been consorting with Mrs.
Barnes for some years. About four years
ago he got angry at Tanner's attentions to
her,' and procured a warrant in the late
Judge Campbell's court for Tanner's ar
rest-on the charge of grand larceny for
stealing her sealskin sack. The warrant
was only a bluff and it never was served.
HAYES STILL MISSING.
News was received . yesterday from
Sheriff Farley of Salinas that the where
abouts of Joseph Hayes.- the San Fran-
Msco saloon-keeper who disappeared
from Paraiso Springs some time ago, ls
still unknown. His first report received
yesterday by Mrs. Hayes in this city was
to the effect that a flock of buzzards
was seen to be hovering over a spot in
the canyon which is covered by a heavy
undergrowth. Investigation, however,
proved that the carcass of a horse was
the attraction for the buzzards, and that
Hayes' body was not in the vicinity.
The Sheriff requested Mrs. Hayes to offer
a reward, which she has done.
Snatched His Watch
Frank Soto, a miner, was. arrested last
evening by Police Officer Eastman and
charged with an atempt to commit grand
larceny. It is claimed that he snatched a
watch and chain from M. Anderson, a la
borer, while they .were engaged in a heat
ed dispute on Fourth street, near Mission
j * - ■ ♦ * . ... - ■
Keith's French hats, new French hats.
Keith's French hats, new French hats.
Keith's Opening, September 1 and 2. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
New
Dress Fabrics!
This week we will show an
This week we will show an
elegant variety of New Dress Goods
for Fall wear, and among the novel-
ties we will exhibit are the follow-
ing. ..••■•-•..;
ing. *
CAMELS-HAIR HOMESPUNS, 50 inches wide,
mixed effects, for tailor and outing suits.
91.25 Yard.
52-inch CAMELS-HAIR CHEVIOTS, in two-
toned and mixed effects, all new colorings.
91.00 Yard.
WIDE WALE CHEVIOTS, in new shades of
hlue and Burgundu, warranted all wool
and 50 inches wide.
91.00 Yard.
ALL WOOL GRANITE SUITINGS, in all the
new fall colorings, full 45 inches wide.
75c Yard.
46: INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY WEAVES, in
' small patterns and latest colorings.
91.00.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ENDED HIS AGONY.
Horse "With. Eyes Burned From the !
Sockets Ordered Shot.
"With his eyes burned from the sockets
and the roasted flesh hanging ln strips
from Its back, a valuable horse belonging
to Jacob Boss of 2274 Bush street escaped
from the fire on California street Satur
day night and made his way a distance of
seven or eight blocks to the Lennon sta
bles, 2609 Bush street, where he had been
formerly kept. The incident is remark
able from the fact that the animal was
sightless and terror stricken. The neigh
ing of the horse attracted the attention of
the liveryman, who took him into the
stable and made him as comfortable as
possible. The unfortunate beast was suf
fering frightful agony and its groans
could be heard for blocks. A veterinary
was summoned and afforded the horse
temporary relief. Yesterday the animal's
condition was such that the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals |
ordered him shot.
The fire did more damage than was at
first supposed. Among those whose prop- |
erty suffered by water and smoke was I
Dr. Charles V. Cross, California and Fill
more streets, whose loss amounts to $1500
to his residence by the Fire Department
while playing its hose on the burning
stables. M. Goldsmith, a letter-carrier.
who resided next door to the stable, had
his home totally destroyed.
Fourteen valuable horses were roasted
to death and in addition several sets of
harness and some very valuable vehicles '
were destroyed. !
(fOOKS I
V".
THREE
MiNUTES
I .... . . I
IS 1 Si kf ■ s jttafe
A Week FREEST-!"
A Week FREE m §
Treatment and Medicine --rii M
FOR 3 v^^3
Catarrh, Deafness, g m%@
Catarrh, Deafness, | mka
NOISES IN EARS AND 3 sfH
THROAT DISEASES.' SS^M
NEW INVENTIONS and n^*/ \_K ■■
NEW ANTISEPTIC MEDI- SSy .4hL;'
CINES that gives marvel- «y -__i_____f
ous cures, even after other s£ . ;^W
treatments fail. Over 2000 tl^~i3§s^H :
test cases. 95 per cent sue- s3 Ta^lfsri;
cessful. So satisfactory is ***V tfSsgWtx
the treatment that I make %^*v^^?S§.
no charge to try it one week. r^rir*l?i?,;yg:y ■ '
Write for literature and symptom blank or
call at once for FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— a. m., 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
GOLDBERG
BOWEN
& CO
Remember our California boys now
encamped at the Presidio with a box
of dfilicacies such as they have not
enjoyed for a long time— free delivery
every day
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— blend 2 lb 55C
Pure — roasted daily at Pine
street store— reg'ly 35c lb
Baking powder lib can $ 30
Excelsior slb " 125
It makes wholesome food
reg'ly 40c and $ 1 50
Sardines boneless small 20c
reg'ly 25c and 30c tin large 25c
No finer fish imported — Lazeran
Chutney— Bombay pints 35c
reg'ly 50c and 75c quarts 55c
A most delictus accompaniment
to the breakfast or dinner table
Salad dressing-s?vrrrr Madn 25c
Salad dressing-sferm iVadre 25c
Just as you would prepare yourself
this kind saves that trouble
Whiskey reeiv spe_i.i
- Old Crow bourbon 1 889 $ 25 $ 00
" " " " 500 400
Hermitage rye 1886 1501 15
" « " 600 450
Vinegar— Tarragon bottle 20c
Bottled at Bordeaux France
Estragon flavor— reg'ly 30c
Root beer— Hires dozen $1 ;'•
A sparkling and healthful
summer drink— ready made
Pine apple— Hawaiian Island 25c
Sliced— in natural juice—
coreless— big tins— lbs each
a real treat for dessert
Macaroni— La Favonta I2jc
This sale includes vermicelli
spaghetti— letters and numbers
reg'ly 15c lb
Talcum powder-borated 3 boxes 25c
Lady Jeanette's antiseptic absorbent
Fl Snch toilet soap— box of 3 cks 60c
Fl Snch toilet soap— box of 3 cks 60c
Pinaud's Savon Nairisa — a
delicately perfumed French soap
of various odors— reg'ly 75c
Baby pirn olas 3 bottles 50c
Manzanilla olives stuffed with
sweet red peppers for a
sandwich— novelty _ -
Nail brushes 15c
Well made— stiff durable bristles
reg'ly 25c
Big price list free for a postal
432 Pine 215 Sutter aSoo California San Franctae*
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
BAJA CALIFORNIA
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
It a Great Restorative, invigorator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
nays and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merita.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
123 Market street. S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
Weekly $1.00 per Year