VOLI7ME LXXXVI-SO. 19.
OTIS HAS
SERIOUSLY
BLUNDERED
Many More Troops Needed
Than Y\e Estimated to
Pacify Philippines.
WASHINGTON, June IS.— Presi
dent McKlnley now knows that
Major General Otis greatly un
derestimated the task that was
before him when he said he would need
but 10.000 troops to put down the Philip
pine Insurgents. He also knows from
•views with Governors and militia
officers of various States and from 1"'
ters which he has been receiving from
all over the country that he will have
the support of the country, if he de
rides to use the power given him by
Congress and send enough men to the
Philippines to make resistance by
Aguinaldo futile and bring the war to
an end at once.
One of the most influential members
of the Cabinet said to-day that dis
patches published this morning showed
the country was ready to support th %
pfepfdent with all the troops he might
need.
■It is the intention of the President."
paid he. "to use . •■!■>• means in his
power to put down the rebellion In the
Philippines as promptly as possible.
Just before the President went away
this subject was frequently discussed
at the Cabinet meeting:, and there was
no conflict of opinion as to the best
policy to be pursued in the Philippines.
The President is determined to restore
peace and order throughout the islands
If it takes ten times as many troops as
we now have there. Ip to the present
time there has not been a word or sug
gestion from General Otis and ranking
officers of his command indicating the
force there is sufficient. The President
stands ready to call for as many volun
teers as may be necessary to subdue the
Filipinos, and there is every reason to
believe he can secure- without delay all
the volunteers he may call for. This Is
th« true situation as far as the admin
istration is concerned, and it is unfair
and unjust to charge the President with
v.-ant of aggressiveness in dealing with
This subject."
Continuing the Cabinet officer said:
"You may say that the slightest inti
mation from General Otis that be
•wants more troops in addition to thri
he now has with him and those w'.-o
are to be sent to him under the recant
order will be followed by a prompt call
for volunteers. There will be no further
parleying with Aguinaldo and his fol
lowers, an no let up in the aggressive
campaign which General Otis is con
ducting."
Thus far the President has hesitated
to use the power conferred upon him by
Congress; to enlist : ' : --' "" volunteers, for
the reason that he fears such a course
would subject him to; criticism from
those who see a menace to free institu
tions in every additional man enlisted
in the army, and who would attribute
to him imperialistic motives if he
should increase the effective fighting
force of the country to 100,000 men.
There can be no reason for the Presi
dent to persist in his error longer. Re
cent events have shown that General
Otis has made a serious mistake in es
timating the strength and endurance of
Aguinaldo'B forces, and with few ex
ceptions the officers of the army on
duty in Washington are of the opinion
it would be ■■'■ serious blunder for the
administration to delay giving General
Otis substantial reinforcements just as
rapidly as the men can be sent out on
transports.
It would be a part of wisdom for the
President to act promptly in calling for
more troops and Bending General Otis
enough men to bring matters in the
Philippines to a conclusion in a few
weeks by administering to the Insur
gents a succession of crushing defeats.
Should he fall to do so he will be criti
cized in Congress for having embarked
in the Philippine war without any defi
nite policy and for having carried it on
with a force so inadequate as to lead
to the sacrifice of men and money when
congress had given him power to send
out a sufficient force to have closed it
up In a much shorter time. He will be
accused of purposely delaying a settle
ment of the Philippine situation so as
to keep it out of the hands of Congress
and perpetuate the military government
of the islands.
Advocates r,-f an energetic policy hope
the President will not delay longer, but
will tako measures at once to raise the
ps.
— «,
SOLDIERS PERISH FROM
BULLETS AND DISEASE
WASHINGTON. June IS.— Major
General Otis has reported to the War
pppartmer't an additional list of
raFualti<"-P among tho soldiers under his
mmmand. amounting to five men killed
and fifty wounded, as follows:
KILLL'Ii.
Fourteenth Infantry At Zapote, .Tun"
13, Company L. Sergeant Thomas Laws
,,■ Corporal John Moore; Company A,
Corporal David B. Dague; Company I,
X«lson T. Lami
Fifty-first lowa— Companj a, Walter
Wagni
WOUNDED.
F-"irst Washington A; Cainta and Mo
rong. June 3. Company I Bi n iamln <:.
Golman, band, slight; June 4. Charles <;.
Anderson, thigh. slight; June 5, Compam
H, William D. Adkins, thigh, slight.
First Montana— Near Bacalar, .lunr- io.
Company D, Jamea A. Casebeer, arm
slight.
Fourth Infantry A 1 Zapote, Juno io.
Company A. Second Lieutenant Howard
A.very, thigh, moderate; John !■'. Bran
nen, head, seven ; Zenro .J. Bendel. car.
plight: William Cooper, leg, moderate
Henry Hulber, hand, moderate; Harvey
.! Lowe, lower extremity, severe; Pome
roy Harned. thigh, moderate: <'<>;n
T> William Curry, arm. moderate; Com
pany I, Thorn P. Ballard, shoulder, mod
erate; Company 7.. Arthur Franz, hand,
flight: William Lapp. back, severe; Ar
thur Rosebrock, back, slight; Charles
The San Francisco Call.
Sheehand, hand, moderate; Company M.
I Corporal Charles Adams, foot, moderate.
Pirst Artillery- At Zapote, June 13, Com
«. William Clayton, thigh, slight:
lan K. banner, wrist, moderate;
i Wentworth. ankle, moderate; Ser
■ ■ K. Long . forearm, mod rat.
Sixtii Artillery— Near Las I'lnas. Corn-
I . Mnrk D. Mlnott, thigh. se\ ii c
Ninth Infantry At Zapote River, Cora
r George Clampffe. eyelid, slight:
go 1., de Forrest, shoulder moder
ate; Compan> C, Drayton Bretoh,
slight: Company I. Arthur Odin, arm,
slight.
Twelfth (nfantrj Company !-. Miles
. Doyle, neck and chest, seven : John W.
McHenry. arm. slight; Patrick Mulvln
hill. t-h< st, moderat. . V\ IHiam L. MoGll
licuddy. eye, severe; Michael L'lln, thigh,
moderate; Fii m I . : : - nart James P
Harbeson thigh, slight: Sergeant Frank
.!. Boy, hand, moderate: Company M.
.:•• Tirran. thigh, moderate: Corporal
Gei :i:- Marshall chest, sever* : Frank E.
Shirk, thigh, severe; Musician William
lii ne, leg, moderate.
Twenty-first Infant] Pompany F,
John Henchy, hand, siieht . John .T.
Ward, wrist, moderate; James McCue,
leg, moderate; First Lieutenant Joseph
1-. Donovan, thigh, severe; Corporal
Charles Neuvtnns. forearm, slight; Jofcn
c. Whalen, elbow, moderate; Compan> l.
Dennis A. Collins, thigh, slight : Patrick
Houligan. wrist, slis-ht: Michael J. Ml
kulhki, clavicle. slight; Thomas 11.
Rayne, forearm, moderate; Company G.
First Lieutenani Patrick A. Connelly, leg,
.<• \ i re.
Twenty-third Infantry — Company L,
nd Lieutenant Monroe ( '. Kerb, arm.
■ re.
General Otis also telegraphed the fol
lowing deaths since the last weekly re
port :
l"i "in wounds in action— June 11, Charles
Gamble, private, Company C. Third In
fantry; June 14. George Marshall, i
ral. Company M, Twelfth Infantry: Mark
I>. Minott, private, Companj l> Sixth
Artillery; John F. Brannan. private, Com
pany A, Fourteenth Infantry.
From typhoid v ver May 22. Genrge
Schultz. private. Company A. Twenty
third [nfantry: June 11. Charles W. Ed
monds. private. Company E, Flrsl Anil
\--r\ : June 12. Charles Prouty. private.
Company C. First South Dakota.
From Endarterltls — Charles Atkins, pri
vate, I'nmpanv E. Third Infantry.
From diphtheria -June 13, Fred War
■ rivatt Company B, Twentieth
From dysentery— June IS. William Gray,
private. Company H. Twentieth In;"
13 .loHcj.ii I. Madden, private, Com
!.. Third Artillc r
TRANSPORT SHERMAN
ARRIVES AT MANILA
MANILA. June [8. -The I'nited
States transport Sherman, which sailed
from rfan Francisco May 24 with
men and seventy-five officers i
command of Brigadier General Fred ! ■.
Grant, has arrived here after a Bmooth
voyage. One private died after the
sport's arrival. The troops brought
by the transport will go to the island of
Negros to relieve the California
troops. General Hates, who arrived on
the transport, and General Grant will
be probably assigned to one <>f the ''"in
mauds of the volunteer generals, somi
of whom will leave for home soon.
General Hale and Funston desire t<>
accompany their regiments home. The
Utah Artillery, it is announced, will
accompany the Nebraska troops on the
transport Hancock, leaving their guns
here. The Pennsylvanians will start
for home on the transport Senator this
The Indiana sailed to-day with
500 discharged and sick soldiers. She
will go into dock for a few days at
Nagasaki, Japan.
.Military operations against the In
surgents in the south have apparently
been planned. General Wheaton. at
imus. is sending reconnoltering parties
to-day to locate the enemy, and othei
scouts arr> being made from Cavite.
EMPEROR WILLIAM IN
BOASTFUL MOOD
At the Elbe Regatta He Declares
That United Germany Is an
Invincible Power.
BRUNSBITTTEL, Prussia, June 18.—
Emperor William distributed the prizes
Ht tho EXbe i->'c;itt;i to-day, and afterward
dined on board the Fuersi Bismarck with
tn. ownera <>f the competing yachts.
In replying to a toast to Ms health his
Majesty referred to the advances of
.yachting, pointing out thnt it whs ;i sport
Germans could cultivate because "Ger
many was ;<H'' tn live iti a state of as
; ]■■ ftC( ."
"We can only do tluit." he said, "be
cause we now stand <m the imsis won for
us by grandfather and father. We know
thai tli< lit hi co-operation of united Ger
many represents in the world an Invin
cible power, which has to !>•■ reckoned
with. The German people are like a thor
bred horse, which suffers no one ;<>
l«riii!r him, but will maintain t1 1 - - fore
most place. May we with .ill our strength
nue, hs heretofore, to march in the
ran. To I hat I raise m\ glass."
During ttv- races the Meteor, which was
under the Emperor's personal command,
went aground and had to i>>- towed off.
His Majesty subsequently sailed other
j achts.
The Sen-ta secured the Emperor's and
the Senate's prizes.
BELGIUM'S EMBARGO REMOVED.
American Meat. Cattle and Hogs May
Now Be Shipped.
WASHINGTON, June 18.- Special Plen
ipotentiary Kasson has just received an
authenticated copy from Belgium of the
decree recently enacted by the Belgian
Government raising the prohibition on the
Importation in t < > Belgium of American
meat cattle. This will be formally pub
lished at once fur the Information of the
meat Interests in this country. The de
cree recites i hr- preceding decrees prohib
iting lmportati'ifs of cattle from Amer
ica, an<! the opinion of the veterinarians
that American meat, cattle and swine can
now be Imported Into Belgium under the
terms cf the decree of 1897, prescribing the
places where they may be landed and
slaughtered. _ _
Disabled Steamer in Tow.
NEWCASTLE. N. 8. W., June IV-Tt
has been learned here thai the steamer
Taulane Ib towing the disabled British
:. ami r Perthshire to this port. It is <-x
pected the vessels will arrive here to
morrow. 'l'h<> steamer Perthshire, Cap
tain Wallace, sailed from Sydney, X. s.
W . April 26 tor Bluff, N. /... ami was
Hpoken by the schooner Northern Chief
lab miles east of Sydney with her tali
shaft broken. She bad been drifting since
Ibat time, although tups had been sent
out to lind her wherever she has been re
ported.
SA:N FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 19, 1899.
CANNIBALISM ON
THE YUKON TRAIL
Evidence That Two Starving Miners on
the Klondike Ate the Flesh of a
Dead Companion.
PORTLAND (Or.), June IS.— A letter
from Circle City, Alaska, dated
May 29, received here to-day, con
tains the following story from a relia
ble source. At ]>ahl River seven boats
wintered— the St. Michael, Reindeer,
Monarch. Evans, Mary Graff, El Lueno
and Rldeout— all of which are safe and
coming toward Circle. A detail of sol
from Mihook, eighty miles from
Dahl, raided a "Hooch mill" at the lat
ter place and took the distillers to Mi
nook for trial.
'ii. !■■•-■ m< :>. who left Dahl River on
December ,". for Jimtown were not
heard of again, and they were supposed
EDISON'S PLAN TO
MANUFACTURE FUEL
Now Method Shortly to Be Tested in
the Coal Fields of Cali
fornia.
CHU 'A<;< ). June 18. \ sp< i [al to th<
' Record from McAdoo, Pa., says: The visit
of Thomas A. Edison to the coal mines
in this vicinity during th<- last two days
has been the subject of much speculation.
it is definitely learned to-day that a new
process for producing a marketable fuel
ha.s engaged the inventor's attention, and
it will be launched not only to compete
with the product of the Pennsylvania coal
fields, but with that of China, which lias
found read?' sale '>n the Pacific Coast.
In fact, the primary purpose of the
scheme is to meet the demands in Cali
fornia, which the actively Increasing iron
has made pari ■ , For
several days R. n. Norton, former in
spe. tor of mines in Washingto i, now n p
-san Francisco and San Joa
i 'ompany. lias been
and has been In consultation with Edison.
The quality of the Caifornia coal ap
proaches bituminous. Ii is the opinion r>f
Mr. Norton, h iwever, tli;i> this coal made
intn briquets by a new electrical process
will <■ lervlceable as any
and as a t'urt!,' ■■ i rtdence f>f his i
• In ihis respect, since Mr. Edison's
SECRETARY OF WAR ALGER
REBUKES GENERAL MERRIAM
Department Commander Exceeded His Orders
in Endeavoring to Crush Miners' Unions
at Wardner.
NEW YORK, June IS.— Charges
agalnni Genera! Morriam Co? Ma '><■-
tion In httvtnjt declared, it Ip alloyed,
the ■''"■•:■' unions In Idaho to bo illegal
aesoclfttlor.B and forbidding mine
owners to employ their members are
to be formulated and sent to the War
Department by a committee appointed
to-day by the Central Federated Union,
The union to-day received a com
munication from Frederic':: C. Squires,
confidential clerk to Seci*etary of War
Alger, inclosing a copy of a telegram
to General Merriam from the Secre
tary, which read:
You will instruct Major Smith,
commanding at Wallace, that he is to
use United States troops to aid the
UNCLE SAM`S NEUTRALITY IN THE TRANSVAAL
The town of Lorenzo Marquez, Deiagoa Bay. Portuguese South Africa, the seaport of the Transvaal country, where a formidable British squadron is re
ported to have taken its station, with Rear Admiral Sir Robert H. Harris in command.
WASHINGTON. June 18. — Because of the large number of Americans
and the value of their interests in the Transvaal, the administration
is closely watching developments In the controversy between that
country and Great Britain. There is no intention on the part of the United
States to Interfere In any way in the" dispute, and In case of trouble the
strictest neutrality will be undoubtedly observed. State Department offi
cials with whom I talked told me that Consul Stowe had not been sent to
the Transvaal for the purpose of advising Americana to remain neutral.
Several months api he was directed to make an inspection of consular offices
in South Africa, and it Is presumed he has been in the Transvaal on this
duty. State Department officials say that while Mr. Stowe has not been
given any official instructions, it would not be outside his authority to direct
to have been lort. Nothing was heard
of them here till the steamer Rideout,
which arrived to-day, brought a terri
ble tale of suffering and horror.
The men were Michael Daly, Victor
Ediur and M. Provost. They were from
I 'rovMer.ce, 11. 1., 'Woonsocket. R. 1.,
and Brockton, Mas?., respectively.
Their bodies were discovered seventeen
miles from the mouth of Old Man Creek,
they haying los.t the trail and become
bewildered. Having left Dahl River
with only three weeks' food, but which
was amply sufficient for the 150 miles
to Jimtown. the poor fellowß were soon
redu Ito starvation.
visit here, h has engaged a lni-c;e number
of expert coal miners and has chartered a
Lehfgh Valley car to send them to Cali
fornia. It Is believed Mr. , Edison will de
vise ;i scheme to make it possible to us.'
,l !f > ,-, f us( of hard coal, heretofore consid
ered absolutely useless.
TRUE HEROISM OF A
RAILROAD SECTION HAND
Blase Pati-ie Fatally Injured in an
Attempt to Save a Woman
From Death.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. .)ur,o 18.— Blase
Patrie, a railroad section hand, proved
If a hero to-day and was fatally In
jured in an a tempt to save a Woman
from death. Mrs. .Jennie Price, who lived
on Webster street, was riding a wheel
across the f.-'ik- 1 Shore track at the en
tnir.'-.- to Gonlbn Park and fell in front
■ approaching train. Patrie, who had
been detailed t" assist the flagman at thi
crossing, ran to Mrs. Price's assistance.
but both he and the woman were run
down. Mrs. Price lost a le^' and an nrm
and suffered n fracture of the skull, while
her rescuer was struck by the pilot of the
engine and was picked up insensible from
a had wound in the head. The woman re-
I consciousness, but the physicians
say both will die.
State authorities simply to suppress
rioting and to maintain peace and or
der. These were your original in
structions. The army must have
nothing whatever to do with enforc
ing 1 rules for the government of min
ers or miners' unions. This is a mat
ter for the local authorities to deal
with.
Daniel Harris said: "General Mer
riam has violated the constitution and
abridged the rights of every citizen of
Idaho. It is our duty to demand that
he be removed from his command,
court-martialed, and. if found guilty,
dismissed from ilu- army."
WALLACE, Idaho, June 18.— To-day
was devoid of incident in strike
KIIEY TO THE TRANSVAAL.
Daly's body was found, partly eaten,
in a tent, and on the stove, Just as it
■was left when death overtook the
others, were found some, scraps of
moose hide and a moccasin, of which
they were endeavoring to make a stew.
Daly's body was identified by his
clothes. The other two men were found
dead five miles away from the tent.
The fact of the tent flaps bein^ shut
down when found would seem to pre
clude the possibility of Daly's body
having: been eaten by animals. The j
other men doubtless were driven by
hunger to the awful extremity of can
nibalism. Ftir hundred dollars in
money was found among the party.
FORMER CONDUCTOR
AS A TRAIN ROBBER
Eli J. Stubblefield Convicted and
Sentenced to Ten Years' Im
prisonment.
SEDALTA, Mo., June IS.. The jury in
the case of Ell .1. Stubblefield, charged
with the attempted robberj of a Missouri
Pacific express train near here In Novem
ber last, returned a verdict to-day finding
Stubblefield puilty ;wi<l fixing his punish
ment at ten years' imprisonment In the
State Penitentiary. The trial <♦ .lames [.
■\Vest. Stubblefleld's alleged accomplice.
will begin to-morrow.
Stubblefield had been in the employ of
in-- Missouri r';i<-iii<- ;is a conductor and
West as an engineer. The plan to rob
the train had been revealed in advance to
the railway officials and when the train
was brought to a standstill detectives
who were on board opened fire upon the
robbers. Stubblefield had one arm shut
away, but managed i<> escape. He and
West were arrested a f< w hours later
when they returned t>> their homes.
The sensation of the trial was the testi- ■
mony of E3. 11. Adams. :■ real estate!
agent, who was formerly in the employ of :
the Missouri Pacific as an engineer. He
testified that the robbery had b< en plan
ned in his ofßep. lmt that h<- at no time
hiiri any intention of participating In the
robbery.
matters. The attorneys have lipen
busy preparing for to-morrow, when
she- Impeachment oases against the
County Commissioners come up. This 1
will be- the tirst real contest in the
matter, uid while the result will not '
affect th\ trial of parties indicted, the
State considers it very important to Ret j
out of office Commissioners sympathiz
ing with the rioters. » >n Tuesday the
case against Sheriff Young will be
heard and its result is of vital conse- !
quence, as the jurors will be drawn by '■
open venire.
The permit system for underground !
miner.-; in the district will be mure
strictly enforced. Originally it was
only made to apply to shipping mines,
but orders were issued last night re
quiring all underground men to have i
permits. i
Americans to remain neutral in case of trouble developing between Great
Britain and the South African Republic as a result of the franchise agita
tion. The authorities are hopeful that the trouble will be settled without
war, as the latest news from London and the Transvaal seems to indicate.
LONDON, June IS.— The Morning Herald, a half-penny sheet of small
repute, publishes this morning an announcement that the British Govern
ment has ordered certain steamships engaged in the South African trade to
rescind their contracts, so they may be at the disposal of the authorities
for use as troopships in case of war with the Transvaal. One steamer ac
cording to the paper, is already being converted into a troopship. She will
accommodate 2000 soldiers. The Herald claims to have the authority of th*>
owner of the steamer for the statement, but the story needs tv be taken
.with a pinch of salt.
FAILURE OF
DISARMAMENT
COMMITTEE
I BARON DE BLOCH, Author of 'The War of j
I tfye Future," th)e BooK Tr;at Turned the
I Czar's Mind Toward Peace.
T^eproducfd From 'Black and White. t
it Is Alleged the Provisions
Adopted Will Later Be
{^ejected.
BERLIN. June 18.— The Kolnische Zeitung to
day announces the "complete failure" of
tf)e Disarmament Committee of the Peace
Conference at The H a 9 ue - Several provisions, it
asserts, have been adopted in the committee by
equal vote, but all of trjese, it predicts, will fail
in th)e plenary-sitting.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— While re
gretting Professor Stengel's dislike of
the American plan for international ar
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
bitratjon, ;<s expressed in his Interview
yesterday, the officials and diplomats
hero find in his remarks the consolation
that Germany is not as bitterly op
posed to arbitration as had been sup
posed.
A diplomat to-night pointed out that
Professor Stengel's statement shows
that German; is 'not opposed in princi
ple to arbitration, and there is a dispo
sition to believe he is trying to regain a
position on the fence to fall on either
side as the Emperor may direct. It is
known that Mr. ETolls, Secretary of the
American delegation, who'is a German-
American. has been zealously endeavor
ins to break down the opposition of the
German ' delegates to international ar
bitration.
It is believed in diplomatic circles
that the inclination of German-Ameri
cans in the United F*ates Coward ar
bitration ■will probably have great
weight with the iJmperor, and may
cause him to determine upon new in
structions to his delegates which will
be favorable to the adoption of som^?
scheme of arbitration by the con
ference, perhaps that presented by Era
bassador White nnd his associates.
WILLIAM RECEIVES
ZORN AND HOLLS
LONDON, Juno 10.— Thr correspon
dent of the Dally News at The Hague
s;iys: Dr. Xorn, ' whom Emperoi
William summoned on Friday by a
special mesgenfer, arrived in. Berlin
yesterday (Saturday ) morning, accom
panied l>y .Mr. 1 lolls of tiio United
States delegation. They only had time
: for breakfast, and at 10 o'clock were
; driven to the imperial palace, where
instant admission was granted tru-m by
the Emperor himself, who was waiting
for them. They had a further audience
with His Majesty t<>-rlay (Sunday), and
were expected to leave Berlin on their
return to The ' Hague this evening 1 .
On their return to The Hague thia
evening they were appointed joint mes
sengers for the conference, because
they had become intimate friends since
they met here. Dr. Zorn speaks very
little English, but Mr. Holls speaka
German perfectly.
I Jf Emperor William refuses any sort
of tribunal the conference will probably
fro on without him, but his openly
hostile attitude would arouse protests
iin Germany, and Holls has probably
taken the liberty of pointing out the de
plorab^" effect this would have in the
civilized world. The Emperor is amen
able to the religious argument, and
perhaps that will be the lever that will
move him. At any rate, if the worst
I comes to the worst, the conference will
! invite him to sipn the convention, with
' a reservation about the tribunal, plodg
! ing himself only to use the Peace Con
ference procedure in an eventual arbi
tration.
Rev. Dr. Wood Is Dead.
LONDON. June IS.— Rev. Dr. Wood,
former president of the Wesleyau confer
ence, is dead. ' «2
RUSSIAN BARON IN
MEXICAN PRISON
Millionaire Yachtsman Jailed for
Having Violated Quarantine
Laws.
# AUSTIN, Tex., .Time 18.— Baron de Louden, a millionaire Russian
nobleman, who has been touring the waters of the Gulf of Mexico in his
*-> private yacht, has just been released from a term of imprisonment in the
.*• jail at the port of Tuxpam, Mexico, the charge against him having
been that he violated th<> quarantine laws of the port by sailing in and
0 out without official sanction. Tn addition to his term of Imprisonment he
,* was fined $500. Tuxpam is an isolated port, being over 100 miles from
Q Tampico. the nearest railroad point.
The discomfited Baron got the news of his predicament to the Russian
,* Minister In the <'ity of Mexico at the earliest possible moment, and the
case was laid before President Diaz, who immediately ordered -the
•-* Baron's release. The Baron has left Tuxpam for the City of Mexico to
4 « Institute suit against the Mexican Government in the sum of $100,000 for
5 alleged damage to his feelings in having suffered imprisonment in the
g foul jail at Tuxpam.
•
WEALTHY WIDOW
AS A DETECTIVE
Captures an Absconding
Agent.
Bpectal Dispatch to Tl
SPOKAXK. .Time l<v-Ge,.r«:* B. Barlow,
nlins S. J. Barlow, alias N. H. Rome,
alias R. E. White, wanted for grand lar-
In Ban Francisco on" complaint of
Mrs. Jenni" A. Tennant of Los Angeles,
is i ii the city fall here. He was brought
down from Northport. the nearest town
. boundary line, and deliv< red to the
Barlow, who is accused of having
taken the valuables of Mrs. Tennant while
acting as In r business agent, refuse,), to
talk ' He has been In British Columbia
the warrant '."or his apprehension
was issued by the California authorities
■ ■ ins to have little conc< m about his
arrest
The capture of George B. Barlow by
Mrs Jennie A. Tennant ends a lonsr
h during which a wealthy young
the part of detective ana
led a fugitive thief from city to city.
w was Mrs. Tennant' s confidential
Mrs. Tennant recently arrived in
Los Angeles from I'tah. During the trip.
or after her arrival, the business agent
• : i:i getting possession of her i-j!
--iewels, with which he decamp
ok several of Mrs. Ten
ks, w;!■ h he hnd shipped to
some point in Washington with the inten
; getting possession of them later.
The trunks, sent by Barlow under an
assumed name, were traced to their des
tination. At one of thtir stopping-;.
w . •-. op< ned by the express com
)\ ]'!•( viously had given a bond
for $50,000, and valuable papers, notes and
by Mrs. Tennant were ex
■ sent to her at Los Angeles.
alized th« necessary ready
money to begin the pursuit of Barlow.
• ok up the trail in the P: |
Washington, and for the past month has
• ■ at \\ ork upon the
mpany and rail
road detectives. The fugitive whs traced
from place to place by the Indomitable
woman until ;.- the foregoing dispatch mi
i at a
small town in British Columbia.
DEMANDS IMPEACHMENT
OF ATLANTA'S MAYOR
Baptist Clergyman Makes a Sensa
tional Attack Upon James G.
Woodward.
ATLANTA. Jun< 18.— In a sensational
Bermon to-night Rev. Mr. Broughton.
■ the Baptist Tabernacle, called
upon the City Council to impeach James
« ;. w '.ward. Mayor of Atlanta. The
clergyman- refer< nces to alleged acts of
the Mayor's private I I nduct were
sensational in the extreme. Th" audi
■ 2000 people cheered the minister.
Mr. Broughton said:
"If the City Council does not impeach;
the Mayor I will take steps myself."
Mayor Woodward was Informed of Dr.
Broughton's remarks late to-night. The
itive said:
••] regard th^ statements of Dr. Brough
ton as ridiculous. I ask the public to mis
pend judgment."
SPREAD OF YELLOW
FEVER IN MEXICO
Appears in Its Most Virulent Form
On the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec.
OAXACA, Mexico, June 18.— Official ad
vices have been received here of the ap
pearance of yellow fever In Its most viru
lent form in the city of Tehuantepec and
■ places "I, the isthmus of Tehuantr-
There is a large American colony of
planters in thai and fears
are entertained that the disease has ap
• 1 among them. The epidemic now
extends all along the coast, from Vera
Cruz to the Guatemalan border, and hun
dreds of deaths have already occurred.
In the city of Vera (- n:z there are over
500 cases and the epidemic is spreading
there rapidly.
MORE BLOODSHED FEARED.
Feud of the Whites and Howards
May Break Out Anew.
LONDON. Ky.. June 18.— A messenger
Just fr^in Manchester says all is quto:
there. Judge Bversole will not go to Hy
<ipn tn-iiKirmw to open court owing loth-
danger in passing through Clay County.
Sid and Lee Baker, friends of the White..
and Howards, passed through he>-r- t.,.
night, going back home to tight it out if
ssary. The quiet at Manchester la
believed to be that which precedes a
storm. "More bloodshed" is the opinion
.if the best Informed men.
Tea
If it's
Good Tea
you want —
Try v
Great American ImpartiHg Tea Co's
Have too Stores —
That's Wtiv
t
Quality so Good
Prices so Reasonable
STORES t
861 Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
140 Sixth St. 705 Larkin St-
-2510 Mission St. 1419 Polk St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth St. 521 Montßomerjav-
-355 Hayes St. • 218 Third St.
2732 24th St- 3285 Mission St.
2008 Fillmore St. 506 Kcarn.v St. ,
52 Market Street Headquarters.
OAK!. AM) STORES:
1053\YtishitiKtonSt. 1185 23d Aye.
1237 Broadway. 616 E. Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St. .:■ ■'
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN KAFAEI.— B at., near Fourth.
CUBANS FLOCK
TO GET MONEY
Many Heard of Payment
by Accident.
Special I>ispatrh to The Call.
HAVANA, June 18.— The work of dis
bursing the American gratuity to the Cu
ban troops continues at Cardenas. Reme
dlos, Pinar dpi Rio and Puerto Principe.
The Cubans are flocking to the distribut
ing centers, asserting that it was only by
accident they heard they were to receive
American money. The palpable evidence
of fraud In making up the lists is arous
ing popular indignation throughout the
Island, and the evident desire of the
Americans to carry out their pledges ex
cites general admiration. The Cubans
saj that it is the first time in their his
tory when a Government promise had
been kept, and that they have never be
fore experh need such considerate tn-at
ment from Government representatl' 1
The papers that represent the members
of the former military Assembly continue
their disparaging allusions to Senor Que
sada, the special representative of Cuba
in Washington. They characterize the
appointment as a "direct slap in the
face'" from President McKlnley. The
Gomez party, on the other hand, say that
the President's choice in this matter Is
"another Illustration of his excellent
Judgment." They regard Senor Quesada
as a man devoted to the best Interests of
Cuba, and consider that this appointment
places in "Washington a man who will
tell the truth and saves the expense of
sending commissions there." which was
the usual device of the military Assem
bly.
The libel action which Governor Gen
eral Brooke has ordered begun against El
Reconcenrado is exciting general Inter
eat, for it is regarded as a test case un
der the present decree.
The possibility that General Freyre An
drade, president of the late military As
sembly, may be named as one of the
judges of appeal, has caused considerable
agitation among the Cubans, who regard
him as decidedly erratic. At the time of
the Garcia funeral his attitude toward
General Brooke, whom he charged with
endeavoring by every possible means to
provoke the Cubans, aroused considerable
animosity among the latter. More than
this, at all the meetings of the Assembly
he bitterly denounced the Americans,
and at all subsequent gatherings of Cu
bans where he has put in an appearance
he has followed the same course. His se
lection for a judgeship would be dis
approved by many not only for such
[derations as the foregoing, but' be
cause he is not old enough or sufficiently
experienced to fill the position effectively.
TO CROSS ATLANTIC
IN FOUR TON BOAT
Perilous Voyage B?gun by a Crippled
Seaman of Gloucester,
Massachusetts.
GLOUCESTER, Mass.. June is.— How
ard Blackburn of this city Bet sail at 1
o'clock this afternoon In his little sloop
rigged four-ton boat, the Great Western.
to cross the Atlantic. Blackburn followed
a seafaring life in Gloucester fishing ves
sels for m;my years and January, 1889,
was cast away in his dory <>n the Grand
Banks with one companion for five days
without food or water. His companion
died, but Blackburn was rescued, al
though he lost his fingers and toes and
was otherwise crippled us the result of his
terrible experience. The Great Western
is stocked with provisions for ninety days
and Gloucester, England, is the point
where Blackburn exp< eta to land first
ATLANTIC CITY, June 18.— Captain
William A. Andrews left this city this
afternoon in a. little craft named Tin- Do
•■,,. < cross tin- Atlantic Ocean, He
headed direct for th>* Azores Islands,
where he expects to stop f^r a few days
1.. reprovislon. This mak.-s the fifth at
tempt of the captain to cross the an
in similar small craft, three of which at
tempts, h^ claims, were successful. Th<
boat he is using- this time is twelve fe< I
1' :.p. five foet wide and twenty-two
Inches deep. It has been paint. <1 'black
for the purpose, the captain says of not
attracting the attention of whales and
sb.arks. as he claims to have had trouble
with these monsters during his former
trips.
LIKELY TO REOPEN THE
SAMPSON-SCHLEY FEUD
Naval Circles Interested in the Con
troversy Between Hodgson
and Heilner.
WASHINGTON, June IS.-Considerable
Interest is evinced by naval officers in the
action taken by the Navy Department in j
the matter of the dispute between Lieu- '■■
i tenant Commanders A. C. Hodgson and
L. C. Heilner relative to an alleged con- i
versation between the former and Rear
Admiral Schley during the Santiago bat
tle. Neither Lieutenant Commander
Hodgson nor . Lieutenant Commander
Heilner has been directed to come to
Washington to discuss the matter with
the department, but it La expected they !
■will forward their communications, '
which will be considered with a view to ■
what further action, if any, shall bo I
taken.
It developed to-day that communica- i
tions to members of the Board of Navi
gators as to whether they heard Lieuten- j
ant Commander Hodgson repeat the al
leged conversation in order to prove the
position of the Brooklyn have not gone out. i
The department Is disposed to let the i
whole Sampson-Schley controversy rest ''■
and probably would have taken no action !
whatever had the matter not assumed the
publicity it did.
STOCKTON MOURNS.
Tunerals of Colonel Fyfe and Miss
Mabel Kafitz.
STOCKTON, June ls.-Twn funerals of
unusual local interest occurred this after
noon. That of the late Colonel Fyfe drew
out one of the largest throngs that ever
attended ceremonies of a hko nature in
this city. The sermon was delivered by
Rev. Dr. Sink, for many yeara the pastor
of tile deceased veteran. The Odd )•'(].
lows, Grand Army of the Republic ;in<l
Caledonians in full uniform attended and
escorted the remains to a place of inter
ment in Rural Cemetery.
Although the rites over thp remains of
Miss Mabel Kafitz were announced as
private, hundreds attested their sympathy
with the relatives of the deceased by Bend
ing flowers, and, later, gathering at the
cemetery. The survivors of the Wave
disaster, in which the young lady lopr her
life, were present, and their grief over the
fate of one of their most popular friends
was great.
THE SAX FRAyCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUKE 19, 1899.
POWDER COMPANY
EARNS CENSURE
Explosions Caused by
Carelessness.
ACCIDENT THREE WEEKS AGO
—^
EMPLOYES CAUTIONED NOT TO
DIVULGE ANY FACTS.
A Girl Faints nt the Sight of an
Injured Man — Pitiable
Plight of the
Secombs.
Special Dif=j>atrh to Tlip Call.
SAN RAFAEL. June IS.— Certain facts
j throwing a rather different lisrht nn the
cause of the explosion at th<' T'nitod :
States Smokeless Powder Works, which
cost the lives of four men. leaked
out to-day. From thorn it appears that,
while the company cannot justly he
blamed for the awful disaster, it received
a warning three weeks ago that a few of
] the employes wore growing careless in the
discbarge of thoir dangerous duties ana j
! should then have taken rigid measures !
I of a precautionary nature to avoid what .
follow i d.
Thri c weeks ago there was an explosion
in the coating house and two men received
injuries of a painful though not serious
nature. Foreman C. W. Rehnert was se
verely burned on both hands and arms.
while Thomas Morrtsey, whose remains
now lie on a slab at the Morgue, was
biinii <1 in the region of the right ear.
They were cautioned to Baj nothing of
the occurrence and Rehnert, who had to
quit work, offered as an excuse f"r the
bandages on his hands and arms yester
day thai he had fallen from a bicycle.
John Farrell. though sore and stiff, was
able to sit up in bed to-day and receive
his relatives and friends. The chief cause
of his soi row is now removed, for his fox
terrier, supposed to have been Mown to
pieces, was not hurt in the least, but ran
all tiie way to Corte Madera, Mtfeere Far
rell's parents live, as soon as the first ix
plosion took place. Farrell is not Inclined
to place any blame upon the company.
Frank Webster passed a restless night,
but will be able to leave his bed as soon
as l-.e recovers from the shock to his sys
tem, ii, declares thai never again will
he go within a mile of a powder factory.
Two sisters named Oliver went to the
Tamalpaif Hotel to see Farrell this after
noon, ana one ■>; them was so overcome
at the pitiable plight of her friend and
the odor of the medicine used in dressing
his wounds that she was carried Into the
open air in a fainting condition and did
not fully recover for an hour.
The Bcene of the explosion was a source
of attraction to large crowds all day, and
every sort of vehicle was brought into
play' to reach it. Constable George
Agi ew has be< n placed in charge of the
wrecked buildings, and nobody except offi
cials Is permitted to approach nearer than
a quarter of a mile.
Mrs. Secomb and her three daughters
are well-nigh Insane with grief over the
loss of father and son. The wife and
daughters of ex-Sheriff Harrison spent
■ sterday evening and a good part of to
da\ In an effort to console the grief
strii ken women and -attend to their bodily
wants.
The Inquest over the remains of the de
will be held to-morrow morn- ■
ing at 9 o'clock.
SHOOTING AFFRAY
DURING PARIS FETE
Rejected Suitor Wounds a Woman
Participating in the
Procession.
Sprcial Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald Copyrighted, i"'' r '. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS. June 18.— By a hair's breadth
the historical procession that marked the
closing week of th< Paris fetes this after
noon missed being clouded by a tragedy.
The hair's breadth was due to the fact
that the man who shot at one of the
women taking part in the cortege was .i
Lad BhOt. Instead (if killing her. as he
led, he only wounded her slightly.
Tiie woman, Clementine Lefevre, was
figuring as one of the flshwomen's guild
In the time of Etienne Marcel. The man
is a rej< cted lover named Charles B< al.
The woman was hit in the arm by the
second of two shots he fired .it her, the
first lodging in the leg of the designer of
the ealvacade.
When the man found his supply of shots
running out without much effect upon
Mine Left vre, he turned the weapon upon
himself and fir< I that has cer
tainly destroyed the sight of one eye. if
Indeed it does noi prove fatal. Both the
would-be murderer and his victims are in
tii'' hospital.
To add to the gloom of the days pro
ceedings fifteen cases of sunstroke took
place among those in the procession.
Luckly none are very serious.
ORDERED HIS MEN
INTO A DEATH-TRAP
Manager Johnston Responsible for
Loss of Life in the Cale
donia Mine.
HALIFAX, N. 8., June 18.— A dispatch
frc.m Glace Bay Bays dense volumes of
smoke are pouring from the Caledonia pit
and the fire is burning ns fiercely as over,
notwithstanding tons of water are being
■ poured Into the mine. M»-n attempted to
enter the pit to-day, but pot down only
forty feet and were compelled to retreat.
i Thf body of one of the victims, Martin, is
yet undiscovered and is probably buried
r beneath t"ns of debris.
Workmen now say Underground Man
ager Johnston was too rash in ordering? !
the men back Into the mine on Friday.
I Frank Martin, a section man, was one of
the party Johnston mpt. but he refused to
go back and Is alive to-day.
The funerals of the victims of the dis
aster whose bodies were recovered took (
place to-day.
KAUTZ NOT TO BE RELIEVED.
Upon Arrival the Philadelphia Will
Receive Necessary Repairs.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— It Is under
stood that upon the arrival of the cruiser
Philadelphia at Mare Island on June 25
certain necessary repairs will be made,
and if these should require any length of
time Admiral O'Neill will probably re
quest that he be given an opportunity to
replace the cruiser's 6-inch brt echloadlng
rifles with the fi-inch rapid-fire guns.
No consideration has been given by the
department to the question of relieving
Hear Admiral Kautz, and it is positively
stated that such action will not be taken
if she should be detached because of his
conduct in Samoa,
WORK OF THE EVIL ONE.
Milwaukee Clergyman on the Origin
of Cyclones.
MILWAUKEE. Wis., Juno IS.— A Senti
nel special from Eau Claire, Wis., says:
In nine pulpits here to-day the New Rich
mond cyclone was the subject of the ser
mons. The general sentiment expressed
was that it was a mysterious dispensa
tion of Providence, but the Rev. Joseph
Moran of the Episcopal Church said it
was the devilish work of nn unknown
power, and not the act of God.
THREE HUNTSMEN DROWNED.
Their Boat Picked Up by a Revenue
Cutter.
VINEYARD HAVKN'. M;ish.. June 18.—
Three well known men of Cottapre City—
Augustus W. L,tighton. Joseph Berado
and David Evans— are supposed to have
been drowned in Edgerton Bay yesterday
I afternoon while on a gunning trip. This
j morning the revenue cutter Manning found
their boat adrift in a waterlogged condi
tion. Two boats belonging to l.eighton
and Evans were found in her, but noth-
J ing was learned of the men.
EXPLOSION
IN BURNING
BUILDING
Eleven Firemen Are Injured
During a Blaze at
Omaha.
ONE ' LIKELY TO DIE
Endeavor to Remove a Powder
Magazine to a Place of
Safety.
SpeckiJ Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. June 18.— At an early hour
this morning the building occupied by
Allen Bros.' wholesale grocery was dis
covered on fire. The blaze started on
the fifth floor and burned downward,
destroying the fourth and fifth floors
and their contents. The damage to the
stock is estimated at $100,000 and is
covered by insurance at $170,000. The
building is damaged $15,000, the loss be
ing covered by insurance.
During the progress of the fire a
magazine filled with powder, which the
firemen were moving to a place of
safety, exploded. Eleven firemen, in
cluding the Chief, were injured, two
seriously. The injured are:
Chief John Redell, left eye closed,
hands burned, painful but not danger
ous.
Lieutenant Thomas Ruane, probably
fatal, burned and bruised.
Lieutenant John Sullivan, burned,
face and hands.
Lieutenant John J. Ormsby, burned,
face and hands.
Fireman Frank Hardy, burned, face
and hands.
Joseph Hoffman, body, hands and
face burned.
Harry Redell, son of Chief, burned
face, hands and back and cut on legs.
Martin Raniage, burned, face and
hands.
Otto Giske, arm fractured by falling
bricks.
Pipeman John McCumber, burned
face and hands.
Assistant Engineer Isaac Simpson,
head, bafk hurt. Suction blew out of
engine and struck him.
None of the Injured, with the excep
tion of Ruanp, are in a critical condi
tion, though the bums are painful and
will incapacitate them for duty for
some time.
SERIOUS COLLISIONS
BETWEEN STEAMERS
German Vessel Artushof Sunk Off
Friederickshaven and Ten of
the Crew Drowned.
BREMEN. June IK.— ln a collision off
FriederfchjShaven between the German
steamer Artushof nn<\ the rtrltish steam
. r Maurltus to-day the Artushof was
sunk, ton of tier crew being drowned.
ROSARIo. .Tune IS.— The British steam
ers Castilian Prince, Captain Coull, from
London, and Amphitrite, Captain Ma
loney, from Sundertand for Buenos Ayres,
have been in collision. The Castilian
Prince arrived hero in a badly damaged
condition. The damage to the Amphitrite
is unknown.
THREATENED STRIKE
AT SPARROWS POINT
Two Thousand Men at the Shipyards
Demand a Nine-Hour
Day.
BALTIMORE, Md., June IS.— Two thou
sand employes of the marine department
<rf the Maryland Steel Company held a
meeting to-day and determined to sirikf
at the end of seven days, if their de
mands for a nine-hour day and weekly
pay days were not acceded to by the com
pany. A Btrike at Sparrows Point at this
time would be a serious matter. Five
thousand men arc employed by thf 1 com
pany and a tieup of one department
would doubtless soon affect the other
branches. The company now has under
construction three torpedo-boat destroy
ers for the navy, four other craft and a
Bteel drydock.
AUTOMOBILES FOR CHICAGO.
Formation of a Company With Large
Capital to Run Them.
CHICAGO, June 18.— The details of or
ganization of the Illinois Electric Vehicle.
Transportation Company are now all but
completed, and the company expects
within a month t'> have automobiles run
ning in Chicago. The company will have
an authorised capital of $20,000,000. of
which 12,000,000 will be ]>r\i<i up by October
2, (1,000,000 being called for now. Each
subscriber is to pay $10 a share. Samuel
Insull. president of the Chicago Edison
Company, will be the president of the now
company, and the directors wlil include
Mr. Ins'ull. John J. Mitchell, C. K. <>.
Hillings. K. L. Brewster, C. F. Kimhall
and Levy Mayor of Chicago, Captain J.
H. Hayes and Martin Maloney of New
York and P. A. B. Witchner of Philadel
phia. The works of lie company will be
the Bhops of Grant Locomotive Plant,
which have been purchased and are being
fitted up for operation.
Adopts Wireless Telegraphy.
Special Cable to Thp Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1*99. by James Gor
don Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. June 18.—Trini
dad baa decided to adopt Marconi's sys
tem of wireless telegraphy for communi
cation with thr dependency of Tobago.
Tobago Is an island in the. Windward
group of British West Indies, thirty-two
miles lonK by twelve wide, twenty-four
inil^s northeast of Trinidad. It was
ceded to Grfat Britain by France In 1763.
Received by King Leopold.
BRUSSELS, June IS.— Lawrence Town
send, the new T'nited States Minister to
Belgium, was received to-day by King
Leopold.
DUKE ALFRED MAY
SOON ABDICATE
This Will Leave the Throne to
Connaught, Now the Heir
Apparent.
£ LONDON, June 18.— The Berlin correspondent of the Daily Mail says: Q
+ In the course of a secret session of the Diet of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha +
V yesterday (Saturday) the Minister of State, Councilor C. F. yon Strenge, +
Q made a confidential communication containing the sensational an- O
•r- nnuncement that Duke Alfred of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the reigning X
? Duke, would probably abdicate this year. +
$The reigning Duke of Saxe-^oburg and Gotha, Prince Alfred of ©
Edinburgh, who married the Grand Duchess, daughter of Emperor
2 Alexander II of Russia, succeeded his uncle on the throne of the duchy »
$ in August, 1893. His only son died last February. The English Duke of q
■¥ Connaught is now the heir apparent. +
MURDER BAFFLES
HAVANA'S POLICE
Mystery Veils Minnie
Ross' Death.
ONE SUSPECT IMPRISONED
| WEALTHY TAMPA MAN KEPT
INCOMTJNTCADO.
Theory Is Advanced That the Crime
Resulted From Blackmailing
Methods Pursued by
Officials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, June IS.-The local papers;
to-day devote considerable space to the
murder of the notorious Minnie Ross, who
was killed with the blunt end of a hatchet
after having been choked and was found
dead early yesterday morning. It was
first reported that a well-known army of
ficer was involved by the uniform found
in the room of Fred Krauz, the suspect
now in custody, but the uniform undoubt
edly is one formerly worn by Krauz. He
is said to be a member of a wealthy
Tampa family. Thus far there is but lit
tle evidence against him. Many believe,
from the nature of the crime, that it was
committed by a woman. One theory Is
that the blow of the hatchet was not im
mediately fatal and that the victim was
then choked to death. Robbery could
scarcely have been ihe motive, for
the police found $2500 in the murdered wo
man's room and a quantity of valuable
jewelry on her dressing table.
Another theory is that the authorities,
having received definite Information that
the woman had been paying money to
some one connected with the Police De
partment for the privilege of conducting
her house, had sent an agent to ascertain
the name of the guilty official. This
agent, it is thought, had threatened that
unless she disclosed the man's mime her
house would be dosed. She, as this the
ory goes, refused to give it. despite the
protection of the blackmailer. The Gov
ernment agent left the house after mid
night, according to the explanation of the
crime, and il la supposed that she after
ward had an interview with the ' black
mailer With the result that he killed her.
The friends of Krauz bitterly complain
of the Ineomunloado system, which is
rigorously enforced in his case. Thus far
neither his friends nor legal counsel have
been allowed to see him.
SETTLING THE STRIKE
OF SMELTER MEN
Colorado Citizens' Committee Believes
the Trouble Soon Will Be
Adjusted.
DENVER, Juno is.— if the unanimous
opinion of the citizens' committee, which
includes ex-Governor Adams and Presi-
dent Jeffery of the Rio Grande Railway,
appointed by Mayor Johnson and Gov
ernor Thomas, in behalf of the city of
Denver and the State of Colorado to en
deavor to effect a settlement of trouble
j between smelter managers and their em-
S ployes, is a criterion, it Is only a mat
ter of a few days until the large
crp in this city and Pueblo, at least,
now closed on account of wage differ
ences, will be in operation. The commit
tee was in session the greater part of
this afternoon and went over the situa
tion In conjunction with four of the em
ployes from each of the Globe ajid Grant
smelters of this city.
It is said that it developed in the meet
ing that the matter of wages and hours
to be accordedto employes in the smelt
ers concerned In the lock-out has become
secondary to that of recognition of the
Smelter Employes' Union. The Employes'
Union is affiliated -with the Western Fed
eration of Miners, and it is said the board
of operators of the American Smelting
and Refining Company is averse to recog
nlzinffthe federation as having any rights
in disputes between the managers and
1 employes of a particular smelter. The
i members °f tnP citizens' committee gave
the following statement to the public:
"The committee has, according to its
best judgment, furthered the opening of
negotiations between the smelter mana
gers and their men, with a view to an
early resumption of work, and the com
mittee believes that progress has been
! made which, in a few days, may culmi
nate in the reopening of the smelters in
Denver and Pueblo. It is learned that the
president of the American Smelting and
Refinlnfi Company will probably arrive
in Denver next Wednesday, when a mu
tually satisfactory scale of wages may
be agreed upon between the managers
and the men. In the meantime the com
mittee will offer its services to help bring
about so desirable a result."
RICH COPPER ORE
ON CARBON RIVER
Deposits East of Tacoma to Be De
veloped on a Large
Scale.
TACOMA, June IS.— W. M. Darling of
Oakland, who recently bonded thirty-two
copper claims in the Carbon River district,
cast of Tacoma. is. here en route to New
York and Boston, where he will complete
arrangements for pushing development on
a large scale. He believes he has secured
control of property that will become an
other Anaconda. Ores from his claims
run from IS to 33 per cent copper, and
from $21 to $391 in gold, besides carrying
some silver. Some of the outcropping??
are on hillsides, where ore can be cheaply
mined. Several mining experts who have
examined the property declare its rich
ness to be wonderful.
A Boston syndicate has just arranged to
spend a large sum in developing copper j
properties on Gravtna Island, Southeast
ern Alaska, Here there are over 100,000
tons of ore in sight, averaging 13 per cent
copper and nearly $10 In gold and silver \
per ton. Several other copper properties !
are being developed in the Northwest, the j
high price of copper giving an impetas to
this branch of mining.
Cleveland Street Cars Idle.
CLEVELAND, June IS.— There were no
new developments in the strike of the
street railway men to-day, prineipafly
for the reason that the company made
no attempt to operate cars except on the
Euclid-avenue line. The police still af
ford ample protection, ana the cars were
run on schedule time from 7 o'clock in
the morning until 6 o'clock this evening.
It is expected that an attempt will be
made to-morrow morning to resume op
erations on some of the other lines, and
more trouble is looked for.
WHEELER WONTS
FIGHTING DUTY
Urjless Given oq Active Command)
He Will Relinquish His
Commission.
WASHINGTON. June 18.— Unless active duty is given to Major Gen
eral Joseph Wheeler before Congress convenes, that officer will resign his
commission and resume his seat in the House
General Wheeler's application for service in the Philippines has not
been withdrawn, and he is still hopeful that the President will see his
way clea? to assigning him to duty under General Otis' command. Offi
cials of the War Department, however, are opposed to the granting of
General Wheeler's request, for the reason, it is said, he will be com
pelled as a brigadier to serve under officers whom he ranked during the
Spanish war General Wheeler, however, feels that as he expects obedi
ence from his subordinates so would he give obedience to those who ire
his superiors. It is recalled that some weeks ago the President specially
organized the Department of Texas in order to provide General Wheeler
with a command, but that officer when it was offered to him declined on
the ground that he would prefer more active duty.
General Wheeler appreciates that if he resumes his seat in the House
he will be compelled to resign his commission in the army. Hlld while he
would regret to take sttch action he feels he can serve the country better
by serving in Congress than he would on waiting orders aa brigadier
general. He hopes before Congress convenes, however, the President will
-rant his application and send him to the Philippines, it is doubtful,
however, if the President will do so.
MURDERED WHILE
SEEKING SAFETY
Fate of Missionaries in
China.
Special Dispatch to Thp Call.
HONGKONG, June 19.— 1t has developed
that the Rev. H. Phillips. Mrs. Phillips
and Miss Sears, missionaries of the i—B-
Bionary Society, who, with three native
converts were recently killed by rioters
in the province of Ngan-Hwei, had sought
protection of the Yamen at Kien Yang.
The Yamen, not being strong enough to
protect them, sent the party under escort
to Kien Ning Fu. but the missionaries
were murdered on the way. It is reported
the natives destroyed also the church
parsonage and hospital at Kien Ning Fu.
The British Consul is active in the mat
ter, but the floods interfere with commu
nication.
LONDON, June 10,— The missionary so
cieties here have received messages leav
ing only the faintest hope of the escape
Of Mr. and Mrs. Phillips and Miss Sears.
The message announced, however, cnai
the Phillips baby and nurse, who were.
«ent to the seaside for the health of the
child, are safe. Miss Sears had only re
cently arrived at the mission station trom
Australia. Mr. and Mrs. Phillips were
bom in England.
MAN-HUNTING IN
WYOMING WILDS
Outlaws Leave the Hole-in-the-wall,
Pursued by Posses of
Officers.
CASPER. Wyo.. June 18.— Bight of the
posse hunting the T'nion Pacific train
robbers In the Hole-in-the-Wall country
returned to Casper to-day. The robbers
have left the Hole-in-the-Wall Mountains
and are traveling hack southward. Ihe
last heard of th» m was at Powder River,
coming south. They seemed to he head
ing toward "Wolton. A largo posse is fol
lowing them now. To-day guards were
placed at all the bridges across the Platte
River and new men with fresh horses
started for the Wolton country. The pur
suing party at Sullivan's sheep camp,
where the robbers ate breakfast and
took a pack horse and bed. was twelve
hours behind. The robbers are travellngin
a very broken country, with numerous
washouts and a model hiding place At
Sullivan's <-amp only two robbers put in
an appearance.
S\|,T LAKE. June IS.— A special to the
Tribune from Monida, Mont., says: Near
Dwells. Wyo.. just south of the Yellow-
Stone Park", this morning the park scouts
captured three men supposed to be the
T'nion Pacific train robbers. The men
were surrounded by the scouts just before
daybreak. The men are now being taken
across the country to the Mammoth Hot
Springs. This news was brought to Mo
nida to-night by the driver of the Monida
and Yellowstone Park stage. The names
of the men are not known. They were
captured without the firing of a gun.
CANNERY COMBINE.
Proposed Consolidation Has Not Yet
Been Effected.
MARYSVII.I.E. June 18.— T. H. Morse of
the Kmer-Morse Canning- Company, rep
resentative of the cannery combine, is in
this city taking an inventory of the local
cannery Mr. Morse is one of four ap
praisers who have been making: a report
on canneries that have given options on
their plants to the promoters of the com
bine Mr Morse is firmly convinced that
the proposed combine or trust will become
a reality, although he says at the Present
time consolidation has not been effected,
all newspaper reports to the contrary not
withstanding. The options on the differ
ent plants expire about July 8, so that it
will be only a short time before some
thing is done one w ly or the other.
APPOINTMENTS BY GAGE.
Agricultural Directors Named for
Three Districts.
SACRAMENTO. June 18. — Governor
Gage yesterday appointed the following
Directors of Agricultural Districts:
District No S3, San Benito County —Thomas
McCloskeL William Palmtag, R. I. Orr, G. M.
Ashe, B. Zanetta. .1. A. Anzer.
District No. 44. CnUisa County— B. C. Peart,
C P Wilson. John F. I'amplx-11. C. D. Stan
ton William Ash, I* G. Manor, W. H. Har
rington w. R. Merrill.
District No 5, Panta Clara and San Mateo
counties Kri Tnpham. F. W. Covey, Genrgre Y.
Ballinger, James W. Rea. Paul P. Austin. Wil
liam B. Rankin, Dr. F. la Sparta. W. A. Park
hurst.
Governor Gage has appointed members
of the State Veterinary Medical Board as
follows: H. F. Spencer, San Jose; J. J.
Street, Ventura; W. J. Oliver, Los An
geles. _
Calls a Bond Election.
RKDDING. June 18.- The city Board of
Education passed resolutions last night
to bond the city for $20,000 for the pur
chase of a site and the erection of a new
public school building. A special election
was called for July 15. The bonds will be
in denomination of JltiOO and will mature
at the rate of $2000 a year. They will bear
interest at the rate of 5 per cent. The
action of the board was prompted by the
necessity for more commodious quarters.
More than l"0 pupils could not be seated
last term. The public appears to favor a
new building, and it is thought the bonds
will carry by a big majority.
Deputy Sheriff Assaulted.
SAVSAL.ITO. June IK.— Deputy Sheriff
Fred Shaer was severely cut and bruised
to-night by five hoodlums whom he was
trying to arrest for killing chickens near
San Rafael Park. Two of the roughs
were arrested here by Marshal Hannon
and released by Justice Bellrude on giv
ing $50 cash bail. Three of them got off
the train at Larkspur and have not been
captured. It is doubtful if the two men
arrested will ever appear for trial, as the
names they gave— Frank Johnson and
James Carroll— were evidently fictitious.
The charges placed against them were
battery and resisting an officer.
Tax on Bicycles Not Increased.
BERLIN, June IS.— lt la announced
semi-offlcially that any increase in the
tax on American bicycles is impossible
because the commercial treaties with
Austria, Russia and Italy exclude such a
thing.
COLLISION ON THE
NORTHERN PACIFIC
One Killed and Five In
jured.
Special Dispntch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Or., June 18.— An east.
bound Northern Pacific freight train
which left this city at B p. m. collide. l
with an excursion train returning
Astoria at 9 o'clock, one mile east of
Linton Station. The cause of the col
lision is said to have been a misunder
standing of orders on the part of the
trainmen. One man on the Astoria train
was killed an>l five persons injured
The man killed was D. P. Bell of this
city, who was engaged in serving lunches
to the excursionists.
The injured are: Homer Darling, severe:
Birdie Putnam, Mrs. Bell, wife "of D P
Bell; Jones Mallin, engineer; E. ' R.
Barnes, brakeman.
Both engines were hadly damaged and
two cars containing livestock wer< de
molished, all of the stork being killed.
Germantov/n Stabbing Affray
BESMANTOWN, June IS.-John Kill
ingsworth stabbed and probably fatally
wounded Frank Kinney here this morn
ing. The trouble arose some tim
over a trivial matter on a farm on %vhi< h
the men were employed. Both started for
the. county seat immediately after the
stabbing:, Killingsworth to give himself
up to the authorities and Kinney, accom
panied by a friend, to get to a physician;
as quickly as possible.
HOW TO GET A REFUTATION
Juggling with Statistics an Impres«-»
ive Way to Do It.
"Nothing like fake statistics for glv-«
; ing a fellow a reputation for scholar-*
ship dirt cheap," chuckled an astut«
I citizen. "Statistics are the most Im-.
I pressive things in the world, and ther
beauty about 'em Is that nobod^- dares
to contradict you. I've been working
the scheme for several months, and my
stock has advanced about a thousand
1 points a day. How do I do it? Well,
! to illustrate the thing, I was standing
In a crowd on Canal street recently
watching the hip piledriver hammering
I down the walls for the drainage canal.
| 'Whole lot of power there.' remarked a
I gentleman at my elbow, as the weight
I came down, biff! "Immense," I replied,
j 'and. by the way, I was just making an
: interesting calculation in regard to it.
Do you know, sir, that blow is exactly
equal to 9562 carpenters driving ten
i penny nails into two-inch oak planks
i with four-pound steel hammers?' The
j man looked startled. 'You don't say
! so. professor?' he replied, respectfully,
| and presently I saw him whispering to
j the others, who sized me up with awe.
! The other day when it was raining I
joined a group under an awning. 'Bad
day,' said somebody. 'Yes,' I returned.
'I was amusing myself a few minutes
ago In figuring up the quantity off
water that has fellen in the city limit 3
between 6a. m. and noon.' At that the
other fellows got interested. 'How
much was it, doctor?' asked one o£j
'em. 'Poured into a row of ordinary*
half-pint tumblers,' I said, impressive-,
ly, 'it would make a line once and two
fifths around the globe; it would fill
a thirteen-inch gun barrel reaching
from here to a point about nine milert
east of Copenhagen: it would quench
the matutinal thirst of 9.465.941 Ken
tucky colonels the day after Christ
mas: it would barely go into a tank
4562 kilometers long and 2411 millime
ters wide.' By Jove! You ought to
have seen those fellows' eyes stick out!
When they see me now they all touch
their hats. I squelched a smart Alec
at our boarding house by informing
him at the table that the pies consume*?
annually in New Orleans would form a
column, piled one above the other, pre
cisely 12,622 miles high. 'Oh! I admit
it leaves about sixteen pies over.' I
said, when he ventured a question, "but
that's only 3^ dekometers, and too
small to compute.' That settled him.
Now I'm the accepted authority of the
establishment on everything from
hash to hydraulics. I've found it a good
idea, by the way. to use the decimal
system whenever possible. It mixes
'em up when you begin to talk about
millimeters and hectometers>and gives
a fine flavor of learning to your re
marks. I never ran across a fellow
yet who dared to question a statement
in decimals. If I keep up this statis
tician racket until summer I wouldn't
be surprised if they offered me a chair
in one of the colleges." — New Orleans
Times-Democrat.
Green Lights for Safety.
The New York. New Haven and Hart
ford Railroad has recently adopted an im
portant change in its night signals, and id
gradually putting it In operation on tho
various divisions of the road. It has al
ready taken effect In most of the eastern
divisions, but the Hartford division, of
which this is the terminus, has not yet
been Included. The change consists in \hf
use of green instead of white lights to de
note safety, and yellow instead of green
lights for caution. The regular red signal
is retained for a danger signal. The man
agement has been making a study of the,
question of night signals and has "adopted
this new system after a long series oi
experiments by experts. A green light i~i
easier seen at night than a white one. and
yellow la also said to be excellent for
night use. All the other roads in thls-part
of the country use what Is called itv
standard system, red for danger, white
for safety, green for caution. All roads
hereabouts use green glass in their switch
lamps.— Springiield (Mass.) Republican.
His High Moral Tone
I had a friend who. being for a short
time Governor of a province In a Central
American republic ami finding things be
come too hot for him, collected all the
public money he could find and silently
one night abdicated in a canoe down to
the coast, and taking ship came to I.ute
tia; and then, his money spent, lectured
upon the fauna and flora of the country
he had robbed; and. touching on the- peo
ple, always used to pay that it was very
sad their moral tone was low.— A Journey
in Morocco.PORTFOLIOS
GO BEGGING
IN FRANCE
Waldeck-Rousseau Accepts
the Task of Forming a
New Ministry.
STATESMEN ARE SHY
Former President Cassimir-Perrier,
However, May Accept a Place
as Minister of War.
Bj :al Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, J'.ir.p 18.— Presiilom I,oubet j
•1 in audience early this morning !
M Cassimir-Perrier, formerly President
• consulted with him re
ng the Ministerial crisis. The in- ;
■■■ termii I ut 1] o'clock,
which M. T,nu!)'-r received Senator
; :■ iussi .1 v.
The latter, it Is understood, has made
his acceptance of the task of forming
•' Cabinet condition upon >h (-opera
tion of M. Cassimir-Perrier and certain '
sections of the Chamber of Deputies
which he hopes to secure. He had con- :
: with several statesmen and hns
had a very long conference with M.
Lepl [ of Police of
Paris.
M. Wai leek Rousseau is meeting I
■with • . fflculty, but he ap
; determined. H.> will confer with :
M. Loubet again, probably to-morrow, ;
• submitting a draft list of col- i
les.
• 'remiers whom ;
onsulted, Maurice Rouvier,
aas president of the Council of
. nd Minister of Finance in
ISB7, raa nted to take a pori I
him that he
how his appointment as a
ng about a solution
of the crisis. Henri Brisson contented
himself with promising support.
M. Waldeck-Rouseau waited upon
Cassimir-Perrier and earnestly en
ired t" Induce him t" accept the
ar on the ground that
bin presence at the Ministry of War
would simplify the difficulties of the
Lion. Thereupon M. Cassimir-
Perrier consulted with the President,
who pointed out to him that he would
■ \ r< ise m< ire a uthi irity than
■■. • r Ihe generals in de
germs of irritation.
I that h»> had
definitely withdrawn from politics, but I
■ iuld undertake to con
: the matter.
M. Waldeck-Rousseau was notified of
which gives him full liberty I
nstitute i Cabinet of republican
The question now is whether he will
Include a socialist in the
Ministry. I!.> himself is indisposed to
do bo, and no doubt his view will pre
vail.
It Is said that Clement Fallieres, I
■ . Informed M.
■t this afternoon that th-- Senate
! to the Inclusion of
Alexander Miller, ih>-> radical socialist,
BRI ' ■ «'>n the arrival of
ti!.' Sfax. \\ hich is bringing Captain
i i ruiana for a new
court-martial, a torpedo-boat
i rulser and
' >i eyfus to the shore.
THOTSSEY, France, .Tun.- LB.— Major
arrived this morning at :
Tholpsey, Ins birthplace, and was re- I
Mayor and enthusiastic
rts. Tiis passage from the railway 1
■ ■ ?idence of his father
was veritably a triumphal pr^prr^ss.
MERCIER SPEAKS ON
THE DREYFUS CASE
PARTS. .Tone 18.— Genera] Mercler, who
was Minister for War when Captain |
Dreyfus was condemned, spoke publicly j
• for the first time since the Court of Can-:
rF.itinn rendered its decision, at a meet
ing nf the French Patriotic I_eague yes
terday, where he was greeted with loud
applause.
"Your acclamations." said General Mer- '
rier, "are addressed only in a small
part to the soldier who did his duty in
i r P. and is firmly resolved to accomplish ■
the same thing in 1S9.I. They are chiefly |
addressed to our dear army, of which, at
this critical moment, you do me the
honor of regarding .is the (standard- •
bearer."
He hen proceeded to declare his abso
lute conviction of the guilt of Captain
.Dreyfus and nis belief that the Rennes
court-martial would fearlessly ascertain ;
the truth and do its duty.
"As for myself." lie declared, "I shall
tell everything I know."
This, as a prominent advocate of re-'
vision remarked, is just what is wanted, j
DREYFUS WILL BE
LANDED AT NIGHT
PARIS, June 19.— A dispatch from Cape
Verde Islands announces that the
h second-class cruiser Sfnx, carry
ing Captain Dreyfus, has passed en
t. where she is expected
before next Saturday. It is understood
; will be landed by night,
and thai a speciaJ train will he in wait
■ . tak< Mni t" Rennes, where the
court-martial is to be held.
Indiscriminate Killing.
"Xow, it Is an axiom In war to disor- j
:i beaten enemy in every possible
and by tho use of cavalry and guns 1
• • break up his formation bo
1 • he will he unable to make
•■ ■ for the time being further
[f this rule were neglected by
; ■ nder he would merely be driving
away from one spot to fight
ther. i; might be without hav
damage. • • • The
anay retired up the Nile,
danese, was ac
companied by many women belonging to j
they moved In masses up
iho t';n.k and Borne distance from It It
v;i? Impossiole to prevent casualties
among the women, but it was equally Im
le to allow large unbroken bodies:
of dervish* molested because
ipanied by their camp fol- j
lowers; it is one of those necessary con- i
sequences which have to be accepted in
General Gatacse, In the Contem
porary Review.
A touch is enough
for cleanliness. That
is why it lasts so.
PLANS FOR SALINAS'
NEW HIGH SCHOOL
SALINAS, June IS.— The Salinas Board of Education and Common Council
have at last decided upon plans and specifications for the new high
school building: In this city. Plans were accepted yesterday upon esti
mates made h -• Louis Stone of San Francisco. The building, which is to be
a three-story brick structure, will be a modern high school domicile in
every particular. The size of the building is to be 109x90 feet in dimensions.
The lower floor or basement will be devoted to rooms for manual labor
training. The first floor will contain class rooms, as well as all other
necessary adjuncts, on the second story will be two science lecture rooms,
laboratories and the auditorium, the latter to seat about 400 pupils.
The cost of the entire structure will be about $25,000. Thirty thousand
dollars of bonds were voted for the building. The extra $5000 will be de
voted to the repairing of other primary schools in the city. Work on the
structure will begin July 1.
KING O'KEEFE MAY
LOSE HIS DOMAIN
Germany Likely to Buy
Yap Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, June 18.— According to mall
advices the belief exists at Hongkong
i that Germany will acquire Yap Island ami
four other inlets which David O'Keefe,
the copra king, has ruled over for years.
O'Keefe has long hoped that the United
States would take these islands and that
If America refused th«-y would pass under
English control. Since It became known
at Hongkong that Germany was nego
tiating for the purchase of the Caroline
Islands from Spain it has been considered
settled that O'Keefe'a islands would be
included, since they In reality belong to
that group.
A story printed at Hongkong corrobo
rates a recent dispatch to the effect that
O'Keefe has made a big fortune in the
copra trade. When he settled at Yap he
married a native princess, who is a
shrewd woman and rules when he Is
away. The islands over which he rules
are his by right of discovery and th<
QUiesence of native rulers. They an.' dis
tant five days by steam from Manila.
Yap is surrounded by many minor islands,
among which figure Terang, Obipekel and
Dunij. It Is on Yap Island that O'Keefe
has built his royal residence. Here his
native wife rules supreme during his ab
seni •■ Bhowing her shrewdness and her
rbial animosity for all other Euro
peans. He employs hundreds of natives
to gather cocoanuts, which are shipped In
his steamer Santa Cruz to Hongkong and
thence to France, to be used in soap mak
ing. He also controls the island of St.
David, belonging to the Pelew group fur
ther south.
Corsica and the Vendetta
Persons who derive their ideas or Cor
sica as it is to-day from Prosper Meri
mt-c's novel. "Colomba," •will be doomed
to some disappointment. Manners und
customs have changed a great deal in tlio
island since the date, shortly after the
battle of Waterloo, when the gallant Brit
ish officer and his daughter visited Co
lomba in her ancestral castle at Pietra
nera. The vendetta, which is the theme
of that thrilling story, has greatly dimin
ished. During the carnival we fancied
that we had come upon a real instance
of this picturesque barbarism. One work
man killed another in a cafe, and then, in
the expressive Corsican phrase, "took to
the marquis." or brushwood, which covers
a large portion of the island, and has,
from time immemorial, been the refuge
of outlaws and bandits. This legend sub
sist.'! or some days, and excited a new
Interest In life in Corsica, ami quite a
Large demand for copies of "Colomba."
Hut a conversation which I had with the
juge d' instruction, who had investigated!
the case, proved that it was, after all. as
he expressed it. a crime vulgairo, and
9 we had hoped, a crime corse.
\V. afterward had the satisfaction of
Beeeing the malefactor led in chains be
tween two mounted policemen on his way
into Ajaccio. whereas the traditional ban
dit would have been fed and supplied
with powder and Phot by the country peo
ple, who would have rather gone to the
Btake than betrayed his hiding place to
the authorities. Here and there vendetta
may still linger in the island, but it has
now become a means of attracting the
touript. who is invited to buy bloodthirsty
looking knives and daggers, bearing such
choice inscriptions as: Vendetta Corsa;
morte al nemieo ("death to the enemy");
or, even still more gruesome: Va diritto
nl cuore del nemlco ("go stright to the
heart of the enemy"). These choice weap
3ns form, together with gourds engraved
with portraits of Napoleon, or the negro's
head, which is the Corsican crest, tha
staple industry at Ajaccio.— Westminster
Review.
How Spanish Kings Are Mummified.
The Ivjiiy or the l;ite Klmk .\ltnnso _\l I
ha? been taken out 'if the podridero, the
vault in the Escurial whore the bodies
.it Lhe departed Kings of Spain axe lefi
during thirteen years so that they may
be< ome mummified.
The translation was done in accord i •■■
with cußtom. The wall of the vault, whlrh
had been raised on the day of the funeral,
wn* pulled down and th<- Marquis do Al
canicos, majordomo, a great friend of
Alfonso XII, and the Grand Chamberlain
of the Queen Regent, escorted by the
whole community of Augustine friars of
the Escurial, with llghtt.-d tapers, pro
ceeded in great ceremony to identify the
corpse and transport it to the magnificent
j vault where the Kings of Spain rest, from
Charles V downward.
' The body is in a perfect state of preser
vation. It is dressed in the uniform of a
captain general, with several decorations.
—London Mall.
Conkling's Good-by to Employes.
"One thing; to be said about the late |
Roscoe Conkling," Bald Colonel Morrow. !
the executive clerk of the Senate, "is thai i
he was always a gentleman. He was more
courteous. If such a thing were possible, !
to the man who mopped the floor than to j
bis brother Senators. 1 remember one ;
habit of his which always made a n>pp j
Impression upon me. At the close of each !
session he would come into the secre
tary's office, inform us courteously that
he was about to leave for his home, wish i
each of us a pleasant vacation, thank us !
for our services and shake hands with us j
as he Bald good-by. Mr. Conkllng's I
formal farewells were a feature of the end '
of the session."— Washington Post.
Teddy Cwho has just begun to gn to
school)*— Papa, do you know what six boys
and five girls make?
"Yes," answered his father; "a racket."
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, JUNE 19, 1899.
VISITS MOUNT
HOLYOKE COLLEGE
The Students Greeted
President McKinley.
Sl>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
HOLTOKE, Mass., June IS.— Sunday for
the President was anything but the day
■ :" rest that was hoped for. The contin
ual crowding of the curious citizens, the
Immense Jam at the church this morning
long and tiresome for all. The President
totally unprepared for reception in con
nection with the Baccalaureate exercises
at Mount Holyoke College, made the day
long and tiresome for all. The President
was nut content with going once to
church, but went twice, leaving Mrs. Mc-
Kinley in the hands of her lady friends
on each occasion.
At 3 o'clock the palace electric car
Rock Rimmon was taken and the party,
Including all the ladles, were taken over
the trolley line to South Hadley to attend
the Baccalaureate exercises at the chapel
of Mount Holyoke College, where on
Tuesday the President Is to share honors
with Governor Roger Walcott and deliver
the degree to the graduating class, of
which his niece, Mis.s Grace McKinley, is
a member.
As the seniors marched into the pretty
little chapel this afternoon just before the
arrival of the President they made a very
pretty picture, each clad in cap and gown.
They took front seats in the center, while
President McKinley and the gentlemen of
his party occupied seats on the. side. The
ladies, including Mrs. McKinley, decided
that the nay was too warm for them to
enter the crowded building, bo they were
driven to the residence or Byron Smith,
near by, and there they had a light lunch
eon and at the close of the exercises
rejoined the gentlemen at the special car.
In the chapel hundreds of young women
filled the auditorium, while the balcony
was occupied by several hundred hi^n
school girls in bright dresses. After tlie
President had been introduced by Mrs. E.
ri. Mead, the president of the college, he
entered the chapel, the congregation re
maining standing until he had taken his
seat. A musical programme and prayer
precedi d Kcv. Dr. Jacobus' baccalaureate
sermon. At the close of the exercises tho
President and Mr. Whiting walked to the
residence of Mr. Smith ami together with
the ladles were taken back to the special
car which stood in front of the chapel,
surrounded by a large, number of the col
lege girls, who had been dismissed from
s< rvices, and a multitude of the towns
people. Miss Grace McKinley was among
them, and later introduced some of her
schoolmates.
The reception which awaited the visitors
as they alighted and entered the car was
so spontaneous and of such a friendly
and cordial nature that at Mrs. McKin
ley's ie<juest the President ordered the
car to delay Its departure for a few mo
ments while ( he shook the hands of the
people who clustered about the window
where the couple were seated. Mr. Mc-
Kinley leaned from the car window and
shook hands with the people and spoke a
few words of greeting to each.
Mrs. McKinley all the while smiled and
kis^'d her hand or waved her handker
chief to th© crowd.
After the car reached the Whiting: resi
dence and dinner was served the tlr°<l
company gave over the evening to com
plete rest.
The Monkey of Malacca.
Do you care for monkeys? Personally I
know two kinds only in Malacca, and de
test them both— the brok and the kra. The
brok is a big, brown, fatuous baboon of
the familiar low comedy pattern, forever
scratching himself and sputtering and fid
geting with hands and feet and making
Faces. Should you desire to please him.
you will squat Must beyond the length of
his chain) In front of him and similarly
scratch your person, make faces and
Bputter. Then In high good humor he will
amble around his post In as big a circle
as his chain permits, clutching at your
hair with an adroit high kick as he pass
es. Such ore his low delights. The kra
is a small gray person of passionate ap
pearance, with dose-set fiery eyes The
tastes of this little fi^nd are still more
primitive— namely, to fly straight at you
with his tali .-ticking out and his crest
sticking up, and bite you again and again
— Blackwood's.
Curious Names of Kentucky Towns.
The names of towns and villages in
Kentucky develop some queer facts For
instance, there is the long name. Me-
Goldricksvllle, and the extremely short
name. Ink. A few of the curious and un
usual names of hamlets and country
neighborhoods I happen to recollect lust
now are: Tywhopplty, Ingierubber, Pos
sum Trot, Frog Level. Dog Walk, Bully
Boy, Slaughter House. Broken Bridge
Misery Mount, Maiden Blush, Tlpsey
Creek, Barlow Flats. Rabbit Hash. Rid
dlr-mr-rork, Redberryroek, Ransom Free,
Buncombe Bog, Übetyou, Uno. Init, Dem
ocrat. Darling, Digitout, Fossil Fork,
Rat'snest, Eighty-eight, Sunset, Salt
Creek, Ingomar, I.,imbernock, Chickory
Crick, Hickorynut, Holy Haunt, Tinklev
tuni, Tadpole Bank. Lovelyville. Batch
town. Chestnut Grove. Whangdoodle,
Whereaway, Crlckmorecrack, Caesar's
Coast, Liberty. Love, Mud, Money. Gold
Buckle, Silver Dust, Goosebone. Beefburg,
Buzzard's Roost and Tippletub.
Boston's Big Toy.
If you are lost in the South Union sta
tion, "ask a policeman." It's the biggest
show on earth, anyhow, and when the
next Christian Endeavor crowd visit
Boston they will rattle round in the place.
Guides to the terminal are now in order.
Some enterprising person should get up
a compact little map of It, so the public
will know where they are going.— Boston
Herald.
JAP PLAYERS
PRESENT THEIR
NATIVE DRAMA
Striking Stage Pic
tures and Costumes.
BUT THE ACTION DRAGS;
GALLERY CROWDED BY SYMPA
THETIC ORIENTALS.
Japanese Pathos, It Seems, Is Ex
pressed by a System,
of Noisy Snuf
fles.
In the California Theater last night
Mr. Otto Kawakami and Madame
Yacco and "their company of rising
Japanese actors and actresses" appear
ed for the first time in America, in no
less than four different pieces. At first
sight and sound the native Japanese
drama is rather a difficult problem. Its
tragedy does not make a serious dent
in the American auditor, and its com
edy does not strike him as the most
joyous thing in the world. The Japan
ese actor, one finds, expresses pathos
through his nose; heroics, in blind
staggers; and humor in acrobatic flip
flaps. He snuffles when he is saddest.
LEADING LADY and Climax in the Japanese Play.
1 And as there was a groat deal of sad
j ness in the first two pieces presented
! last night, there was a deal of snuf
fling.
Our Japanese townsfolk filled the gal
lery and seemed to find delight in these
nasal specialties, but the people down
stairs didn't appear to know just how
| to take them.
The plays are childishly primitive,
and with the aid of the "arguments"
printed in the programme, quite in
telligible. The first one, "The Duel,"
displays beautiful scenery and cos
tumes and a diverting sword fight.
The second, "Kusunoki," is full of
fights, during which the actors employ
themselves in many realistic tumbles
from a pile of stage rocks pome fifteen
feet in height. Hypnotism also seems to
have a place in this piece, as one no
tices that many Japs fall down van
quished at the mere glance of the hot
eyed hero.
The most interesting in plot is "The
Temple of Dojoji," which is built
around the Japanese legend of the bell
In which the lovers hide and are cre
mated by the jealous woman's wrath.
In this Madame Yacco, who imperson
ates the vengeful rival, executes a
! dance that is full of unique steps and
poses. The performance closes with
what is archly entitled "Dewey Day
Celebration on the Pine-Fringed Shores
of Miho." Here the Geisha dances are
introduced with pleasing result. An
other diversion that comes earlier In the
programme is a song, accompanied by
I the characteristic Japanese instrument,
the shamisen. The song itself is long
voiced falsetto and painful to the ears,
but the accompaniment is interesting
from a technical standpoint at least.
Cut to practical proportions, this
, Japanese show ought to have a curious
| interest for all playgoers. But in its
present shape the Jap auditors seem to
have most of the fun. As a picture it
is well worth taking in, the scenery is
striking and the costumes are splendid.
It is quite like an Japanese
screen. ASHTON STEVENS.
Artificial Indigo From Coal Tar.
Coal tar has yet another conquest to
record. It threatens to supplant the
indigo plant of India and Java by sup
plying an indigo chemically identical
with and infinitely purer than that
hitherto on the market.
As long ago as 1882 a German chemist.
Dr. A. yon Baeyers, discovered Bevera]
methods of obtaining indigo blue from
cir.namic acid and bitter almond oil,
which themselves are a product of coal
tar, but all were too costly for commer
cial purposes.
Other chemists took up the work
where Baeyers had loft it, and after
years of toil It was announced eighteen
months ago that the Baden Aniline and
Soda Works, at Ludwigshafen. on the
Rhine, were in a position to supply in
digo obtained by an improvement of
the process discovered by Dr. Baeyers,
and at a price low enough to compote
with natural indigo.
The raw material for the new pro
duct is naphthaline, a constituent part
of coal tar, known to the public as an
excellent remedy against moths, etc.,
and which, by a series of elaborate
operations, is converted into indigo
blue. The factory has gradually in
creased its producing powers and hopes
soon to be able to export to other in
digo-using countries.
It may be mentioned that Germany
already supplies 70 per cent of the
world's consumption of dyestuff from,
coal tar. — London Mail.
The Larynx.
The larynx has been compared to a
wind, a reed and a stringed instrument.
The comparison of it to a violin gave rise
to the not very accurate phrase "vocal
cords," as the name of the two cushions
which are its most prominent features.
But no string so short as those "vocal
cords" could produce a musical bass note.
In fact, the comparison of the larynx to
a-ny instrument which produces only mu
sical notes is inadequate, to begin with.
There is no instrument but the larynx
which produces both song and speech, and
as those comparisons view the larynx
merely as a producer of musical sounds,
we have no further concern with them at
present. Besides, the voice can be trained
for speech, elocution and oratory without
a knowledge of the physiology of the
larynx.
We have the power of adjusting the
larynx, of varying the tension of its cords,
cushions or ligaments, as they have been
variously called. We can do "these things
without scientific technical knowledge of
how they are done, without any knowl
edge at all of vocal physiology; and it is
the work of the trainer of the voice to
teach his pupils — or her pupils we may be
allowed to say— how to do them.—Cham
bers' Journal.
Wild Guinea Fowl.
The wild guinea ben is a new same In a
part of the Ozark country. This fowl is
nothing more than the small blue domes
tic guinea hen grown wild. The guinea
hen is a shy creature at all times and
shows a constant tendency to return to
a state of nature. The fowl is especially
timid about nesting time, and often goes
far into the woods to lay its eggs. In
this way broods are frequently raised
away from the farm home and grow up
almost as wild sis is the untamed turkey.
In killing wild guinea hens hunters have
j discovered that these fleet-footed and
: swift-winged birds make excellent sport,
j and now some sections of the country
i aro well stocked with tFfis game. The
j guinea hen is very prolific and will hatch
; forty or fifty chicks in a season. The
! young are hardy creatures, and thrive
| well on such wild fond as they pick up
jin tho fields and woods. The wild guinea
! hen is more difficult to hunt than is the
! turkey, as it flies more swiftly and eludes
a <I'">£ with keener instinct.— Chicago Kec
-1 ord.
Sold His Seven-Year-Old Boy.
George Vm:k, a laborer, whose wife is
dead, living in Manitowoo, Wis., has sold
his 7-year-old boy George to two Italian
women and one man. The Italians were
hoarding with Vnuk during their stay in
the city, and on Sunday nights they drank
and caroused all night. Vnuk was drunk,
it is thought, when ho made the bargain.
The exact sum of money he got for the
child Is not known, as he was so drunk.
The Italians left on Monday, buying tick
ets for Green Bay over the Chicago
Northwestern. Tho boy did not want to
go, but was forced to by the Italians. The
father usod to work in a brewery. Of
ficers of the Humane Society and police
aro pursuing the Italians. The relatives
of his dead wife are pushing his prosecu
tion. It is thought that the child will be
recovered.— Chicago Tribune.
Why Women Hunt Bargains.
"I am a little weary of hearing the cry
that Is always being raised by man to
the effect that women spend too much
time in 'shopping.' 'gadding around from
store . to store,' 'hunting bargains,' and
the like, says a writer who knows, in the
New York Herald.
Why do they do it?
In nineteen cases out of twenty, to save
money.
Whoso money?
Why, his money, of course!
1 don't think there's a woman living
who wouldn't be glad of the opportunity
to go into a tine establishment and order
what she liked without regard to the
nerve racking question of cost.
Women generally have to account for
thoir money.
Men don't.
Just Imagine a man bunting around to
find aa good a clear for less money than
tho Hoffman or Waldorf ohargo? Fancy
his Faying to a restaurant keeper:
"Your dinner monu lWks pood, but I
must see if 1 can't find just as excellent
a little cheaper."
Not he!
He'll get the best If It takes all that h«
has.
But women mustn't rto that!
Light Your Cigar Only Once.
The shoulders of our Lady Nicotine need
be broad to carry all that is laid upon
them by the heretic. Here is the very
latest thing. A man had smoked twenty
clgarb a day for twenty years, when lie
came to a painful end. That he did so
was straightway ascribed to his inordi
nate consumption of tobacco. But this
man was a Frenchman. To begin with,
therefore, he may have smoked the
twenty cigars per diem for twenty years
and yet not have smoked any inordinate
amount of tobacco. Anyhow, they would
not have produced phossy jaw, and
phossy jaw was one of the peculiarities
attending this particular demise. Investi
gation established the fact that, though
deceased had smoked many cigars, he had
not smoked them well. Pie was always
letting them go out and relighting them
with the match of hip country. He must
have used some millions of such matches.
A lurid light is thro, n upon his fate and
upon the method of the anti-tobacconist.—
Pall Mall Gazette.
Aged Michigan Couples.
The Quincy Herald claims that Mr. and
Airs. Wesley Lockwood of that township
are the oldest married couple in Southern
Michigan. They are 97 and 89 years old,
respectively, andjver^ married sixty-six
years ago. The Herald must try again,
in the town of Franklin, in this county.
are living John Main and Frances, his
wife. They have lived together as hus
band and wife sixty-eight years, having
been married in IS3O. The husband was
95 on the 22d day of May, and the wife
94 on the 21st day of September last.—Ad
rian (Mich.) Times.
Oriental Ethics.
The Sultan's eighteenth wife bade her
importunate lover to be patient; she
would not listen to any proposal to steal
her away forthwith.
"I was purchased on the installment
plan, she protested, firmly, "and it would
be wrong to remove me from the prem
ises before I'm paid for!"
What imnresses the traveler most Is the
refined ethical senses of those Oriental
persons.— Detroit Journal.
It is the opinion of Professor Tyndall
that blue-eyed women should marry
black-eyed men.
UNKNOWN MAN
DROWNED IN
OAKLAND CREEK
Three Men Fall Out of
a Small Boat.
PROMPT HELP SAVES TWO
YACHTSMEN PLAY THE PART OF
LIFE-SAVERS.
The Rescued Men Know Nothing of
Their Unfortunate Companion,
Whose Identity Remains
a Mystery.
"Pete, Pete! save me!" With these de
spairing words upon his lips, the last he
was ever heard to utter, an unknown man
sank yesterday morning about 1 o'clock
Into the waters of Oakland Creek near
the California Yacht Club house. The
man upon whom he called for aid was
Pete Smith, who sailed over from Sausa
llto on Saturday afternoon in the sloop
yacht Thetis in response to Commodore
A. M. Clay's invitation to the San Fran
cisco and Corinthian yachtsmen to ren
dezvous in San Antonio estuary. But Pete
Smith does not know the man's name, al
though he remembers his face.
Toward 1 o'clock on Saturday the un
known, who is described as smooth
faced, dark complexioned and about 2.i
or 26 years of age, wearing a black hat
and a gTay overcoat, asked Charlie, the
boatkeeper of the California Club, t:> ferry
him across the creek to the Oakland side.'
He had been present at the jinks given
in the clubhouse, and wished to go into
Oakland to get a room for the night.
Charlie consented, and left the clubhouse
to get a boat ready; but when he looked
around for the young man he was not to
be seen. Soon afterward Charlie saw him
start from the float with two young men |
named G. A. Craig and C. S. Moore, and
observed that they did not directly cross
the creek. Instead, they proceeded down
the line of yachts until they came nearly
to where R. S. Rridgman and F. M. Well
man's sloop yacht Thetis was moored.
At a few minutes after 1 o'clock Dr. T. L.
Hill and three others, who were playing
whist on board the yacht Cvgnus. heard
a cry of "Man overboard!" Dr. Hill soon
had "his small boat ready, and. making for
the scene of the disaster, discovered a
yawl capsized and two men in the water.
One of tnese he rescued, and J. R. Savory
of the sloop Juanita rescued the other.
They turned out to be G. A. Craig an^ C.
S. Moore of the sloop Thetis. Tnoy tola
their rescuers that a companion "was with
them in the yawl, and a hat was seen on
the water, but no man could be found, al
though the small boats of other yachts
rowed all over the scene of the disaster.
Long after all hope of rescuing the un
known man had ceased. E. C. Bartlett of
the yawl Frolic and recording secretary
of the San Francisco Yacht Club and
friends rowed up and down, using grap
pling irons in the hope of finding the
body. All their efforts yielded no result.
No one seemed to have any personal ac
quaintance with the unknown, and even
Pete Smith to whom his last words were
addressed, could shed no light upon his
Identity. Later in the day vague rumors
were heard that the name of the un
known was Seabrooke, Seabury or See
burg, and that he was either a football
player himself or had friends among the
football men. But none of th.e?e rumors
could be verified, and the identity of the
drowned man remains a mystery.
How a seaworthy yacht's yawl, in
■which earlier in the evening six men had
safely traveled, came to capsize on a
calm night in smooth water is almost
equally mysterious. The two men who
were rescued from a watery grave by
the prompt action of Dr. T. L. Hill and J.
R. Savory had no explanation tr> offer; all
they knew was that three men had start
ed but from the clubhouse, and that only
two were picked up out of the water.
The disaster cannot be attributed to a
strong tide, for the tides do not run very
strongly out of the creek, and at 1 o'clock
yfste'rd"ay morning it was about slack
water. __^
LOWERS A BICYCLE RECORD.
R. A. Coulter of the California Club
Rides a Fast Five Miles on
the Road.
R. A. Coulter of the California Cycling
Club lowered a record over the five-mile
course at San Mateo yesterday which hai
withstood repeated assaults for several
years. He rode the five miles from the
scratch mark in 11 minutes 42 seconds.
The former record was 12:03. made by
Peter G. Alexander. The official table of
the race follows:
The officials In charge of the race were:
Referee, F. N. Bent: starter, R. A. Welsh;
marshal, E. H. Higby; timers— W. 11.
Reid. F. Bush and C. Michener; judges -
P. F. McCormick. C. J. Blrdsall, P. J.
O'Hlggins; scorers— F. Nason, A. Al
cayaga, H. P. Egeberg and \V. Barnes.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Great Sachem Collins paid an official
visit last Wednesday night to Oshonee
Tribe, and on Friday night he went olH
clally to Alfarate Council.
Montezuma. Tribe will adopt seven pale
faces on Tuesday evening next.
The reports that are coming to the of
fice of the great chief of records show that
there will be a marked increase in the or
der for the year that is about closing.
Past Great Sachems Brandt and J. G.
Smith and a number of members of tlm
order have gone to Fort Bragg, where
they will bo entertained by the tribe ani
council there. They will remain at that
place about two weeks.
Daughters of St. George.
MfPdames S. Slack. J. B. Staples. M. A.
Honwood, Fhebo Williams and Mrs. R.
Meadows, the social committee of Britan
nia Loctee, Daughters of St. George, have
arranged an excellent programme for the
monthly social and dance .0 be piven in
rnion-Hfjiiarc Hall on the night of the
27th inst. The committee promises a
most enjoyable evening to all who will
that evening be tho guests of the lodge.
Said Nothing.
A certain volunteer, who was a great
man in his own eyes, was by some influ
ence appointed captain. He "could hardly
speak of anything but his new dignity.
Meeting a friend one day, he accosted him
thus:
"Well, Jim. I suppose you know I have
been appointed captain?"
"Yes." said Jim; "I heard so."
"Well, what do your folks say about
it?" asked the captain.
"They don"t say nothin 1 ," replied Truth
ful James; "they just laugh."— Tit Bits.
Dangers of Editorial Work.
"I was injured, ma'am, by the bursting j
of a magazine." said the wayworn tour
ist who was eating a cold luncheon in the
kitchen.
"In the war?"
"No. ma'am," he answered. "In New
York City. The silent partner refused to
put up for it any longer. I was one of the
editors."— Chicago Tribune.
Proverb Applied.
The Sultan was perplexed. "Ibn-el-
Yusuf," said he to his unofficial and most
confidential adviser, "the Bashaw of Ala
bazam and the Subcaliph of Hul-a-Baloo
are each offering me the other's head as a
gracious gift. What shall I d,o?"
"There is a proverb among the Chris
tian dogs," said the adviser, "that two
heads are better than one." — Cincinnati
Enquirer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH
rt#Sfe« COLDS, COUGHS.
£$$&?% HAY FEVER,
<W^ff BRONCHITIS,
gZr*QhJ*?~it* ASTHMA AND
iP^^S^rSS. ALL DISEASES
i:\ OF THE THROAT
t*----"|fif AND LUNGS
<i? 3 CURED
QUICKLY, SURELY, PERMA-
NENTLY THOUSANDS TES-
TIFY TO THE WONDERFUL
CURES MADE BY
MUNYON'S INHALER.
CLOUDS OF MEDICATED VAPOR ARH
Inhaled through the mouth and emitted
from the nostrils, cleansing and vaporizing sll
the inflamed and diseased parts which cannot
be reached by medicine taken 'nto the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heals the raw
places— lt goes to the seat of disease— lt pent-
tratcs obscure places — It acts as a balm and
tonic to the whole system It is only $1.00 at
druggists, or sent by mail same price.
MUNYON'S REMEDIES— S7 cures for 57 ail-
ments, for sale at all druggists, mostly 25 cents
a vial. If you need medical advice write to
Prof. Munyon, 1505 Arch st., Philadelphia, Pa.
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS
Cape Nome, Golovin,
St. Michael,
Dawson,
AND ALL. POINTS ON
YUKON RIVER.
The Elegant Commodious
S. S. CHAS. NELSON
ANDERSON. Master.
Sailing on TUtSDAY. June 20th,
at 4 p. m., from Mission-st.
Wharf No, I.
For passage and rates of freight apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION
go:m::f a.2xt
139 POST ST., S. F.
OUR NEW
Eyeglass Clip
DOES NOT
SLIP OR GRIP.
Can be attached to any old pair for 50 cents.
Bausch & Iximb Zelss Stereo Field Glasses,
Eastman Kodaks and Photographic Supplies.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone Main 10.
OPTm N s7 H >p^™.
642 Market St. instruments
Wilt CKOniCLt E"»?'i(.
000000000000000000
o T /!. B PALACE *£ D I
AND HaTELS^
I JT SAN FRANCISCO.
** Connected by a covered pa^&cre-tvaor. **
O 1400 Room?— 500 wi h Bath Attached. *•
O All Under One Management. Q
0 NOTE THS FBI CSS: O
O European Plan. *l.fH) per day ami upward O
/* American Plan. per day .and upward _
" Correspondence Solicited. *»
0 JOHN 0. KiaSPATKICK. Haaagtr. O
| 000000000000000000
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great J
MUSEUM. OF AHATOKY#
|i C& 10ai£A2HT3T.let.6Uifi7a,S.P.Ci:. i
SP^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the T
Worid. Weaknesses or any contracted ff
W jßi; 8w disease poniti »«•! rore«li,y the oldest T
# fvgl Specialist on the Coakt. list. 36 years 0
1 t%&tl OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES A
\ F^CBfeS Consultation free and strictly private, v
1 ' I jKyt & Tr ' iunrnt personally rr by letter. A A
\fl ft « H PotiUre Cure in every caie undertaken. \
Or'! 16* Write for Book. PniLOSOI-lIV of A
V* jj IJ ' JI»nRI»CE, MAILED FREE. (At
A w <!■ valuable book for men) \
f I>K. ACO.,IOSIMartPtSt..S. F. ¥
TH^ NEW
tsrtv 10th Day. 2» AiL f Si £ 51 b n * a
YITAUS H>a * sa«- -« BcgasßV
Pr.Ollt ( THB ABOVE 30th Day. ItCSnELlllll
5? : ? l ' 1 I ' T v- It - <lui!:k i y& relTrcaioVMN " Toa!ineM ' Im otene
Nightly Lmissions, Evil Dreams w "<">? Disuses and all effect!
01 self-»huse or excess anil indi«cr-tion. Kestorr s Lo-t Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity »nd Consumpl
tion. Cures when all others fall. Insi.ton haririß VITALIS,
Soother. Can be carried in th« vest pocket. ByrnalliilGO
per pie V.re or six for »S.OO w.th a ituar»rt»i. to Cure or
Kcfnnd the Money. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET CURE CO., 881 Dearborn St., Chicago
Sold by Owl Drug: Co.. 3aldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Cram Drug Co.. In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
VIJ? FAVORITE
JBL FOR WE WO ME IS..
am^m& RUPTURE.
Kg£~rT/_ J /^ jhm VS X NO MOIiE IROM
BKm£C<c&£v<£K!S>^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
E-^Bf&9KSy^ 1-tupture retained with ra?.j
B--^Ssr\rt arid comfort, an.i Uganda radl-
■ /eL cally CURED by DR. PIERCE 1 3
wk />Er Magnetic Elastic Truss. IETCaII at
\<<)f office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
(CO MarKet ft.. opP. Palace Hotel. San .Francisco
DR.MCNOLTY.
nMIIS F.1. 1 -KNOWN AND REUABT.KOLD
— Specialist cuvs Private. Nervous, and Blood i)is-
j phsos 0/ lieu only. Boot on Private Diseases and
( Weaknesses of Men. free. Over2oy'rJ!' experience.
I I'liiit'iitscnroriar Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
I to3fi»li.v:3.:»toB::w pv'gs. Snndays, 10 to 12. Consul-
I tation fiec and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreea
P. ROSCOE 3IcXI!,TY, M.D.
26'/^ Kcarny St., Nan Francisco. CaL
rvitr-iVB l M LOST vigor.
""■"•'AND MANHOOD
BaSfi"' J' Cures Im potency Night Emissions and wasting
BW9G diseases, all effects of sclf^abuse, or excess and
j indiscretion. A nerve'tonic and blood-builder.
**Sfr D rings the pink slow to pale ".heck, and re*
b, S>^ / stores the [ire of youth. By mail 500 per
Rfflk^^R^ boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a writtca
' v^iPf^Jn^guarantee to cure or refund the money.
t&rvita medial Cc, CHnton it Jackson st?., Cbicajo.
K. Ik Baldwin tt Co.. Druggists, 8 Market. 3. F.
®5^ iSIS
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. 26c a box. At Druggist*.
« by mall. RADWAX ft CO.. New fork.
34
MONDAY JUNE 19, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE^JVlanagar.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Pintle Copies, ."> cents.
Terms by M~il, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including S-ir,day Call), one year J"!»5.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 8 months It.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 months 1 .CO
DAILY CALL— By Single Mo:.th U.To
DAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. On» Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Cample copies will be forwarded whin requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE .737.77. 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Hocm !SS. World Building
C. CEO. KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
W«Jdorf-ABtor Hotel, A. Hrentano, 31 Union Hquare;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hot«);
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:50
c"clock. 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ano
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Uars."
■ . « Japanese performance.
tjeum— Vaudeville.
"Richelieu."
ra .■ • "The Chimes of Normandy."
"Lucia."
Tlvoll "The Brigsn ;
Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
■ ising.
r Mas and Ellis streets— Ppeolaitlea.
ite Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth-Eat-
-1 Bay.
. r.a-ts, etc.
AUCTION SAJLES.
■ MendenhaJl— Thursday, June 12.
• Van New 11 venue and Market street.
A CHEERFUL COMMERCIAL STORY
THERE v feature to trade last week, the
ng the strength d<
by r< Is, ' ' ' ;■ wheat, which ad\
For soi ■ ■ news from the American
ls been bullish, but Chicago,
• ter of the trade in t lie United
obstinately refused to accept the unfavorable repi rts
from the growing crops until the conditions became
■ ■ ould no longer be ignored. It
i< now agreed by everybody that the world's output
will be considerably less than last year, the falling off
being variously estimated at from 250,000,000 \
000,000 bushel*, though there is more or less
tbout it. The advance has been slight, and by
ns a^ much as the conditions would seemingly
1 >ther cereals have been firmer in sympathy.
-rain markets have beer, I I excitement.
ral merchai 1 irly active in all
-. The activity in business is indicated by the
'■ of 33.9 per cent in the country's bank clear
ings over the same week in iBqB. With the exception
of Milwaukt 1 ! imaha, all the larger cities ex
hibit a gain, showing that the improvement in I
general. The failures for the week were [36, .
2T.T, for the same week last year.
The distributive trade of the country seems to be
- The weather i> reported favorable,
the retail trade is brisk and orders for fall delivery
. ortcd larger and earlier than for a number of
years past. Xone of the staples show any marked
weakness, mid all of the important one- are firm.
The demand for iron keeps up to the fever point,
some of it is speculative and would cease with
a decline. The starting up of many new furnaces has
set large buyers thinking, and it is now thought that
ere long tlio production will overtake the consump
tion, hence the heaviest purchasers are not taking any
thing for next year. The present production is the
greatest ever known in this or any other country,
1 <ing 256,062 tons for the first week in June, against
2.-.0.000 for the first week in May. The market con
rnucs very stiff at the recent advances; so stiff, in
peed, that the usual 2 per cent discount on cash pay
• for nails has been stopped.
Woolens continue firm at a further advance in sev
eral descriptions, but buyers have been so accustomed
to cheap values that it is hard to educate them up to
the advance. Cotton does not respond to reports of
decreased acreage and other firm conditions, and re
mains unchanged.
Financial conditions stand about the «me. Ex
ports cf gold nave cau«ed no stir, being recognized
as mere borrowings by foreign bankers. Our foreign
trade continues to show a large balance in our favor,
y exports being $23,000,000 larger than the im
ports, while for eleven months the increase in excess
of exports reaches the enormous total of $405,000,000.
There is no longer any fear of what may happen if
c should return our securities, for the very good
that $260,000,000 of them have already been re
turned, leaving the quantity still left in Europe too
small to cut any figure.
On this coast the conditions remain practically un
changed. Wheat has hardened somewhat in sympathy
with Chicago, but the market is mulish in the face
< : persistent bull news rind goes up slowly and re
luctantly. The California!! crop will not he as large as
expected a few weeks ago, hut an immense yield of
barley is looked for. and the latter cereal is weak in
consequence. Hay has hren rising gradually during
the past week, but the appreciation is slieht. The de
i.iand for fruit on canning and drying account con
tinues shnrji. and the very good prices are maintained
without difficulty. Wool has been selling so well that
dealers expect the market to be cleaned up by the
first of August. There is an active inquiry also for
new hops, but the growers are firm in their views
r:id are not disposed to write any contracts at current
quotations. Provisions are selling of? well, and sev
eral descriptions of cured meats are higher. Cattle
sheep and hogs are still in light supply and bringing
unusually good prices. The demand for merchandise
keeps up and the exporting merchants are busy.
Lumber rules firm at the recent advance, with a
rcity of vessels to handle the export demand.
Briefly, we are doing a first-class all-round business,
The predictions made last spring that California would
b'-eak the commercial record this year seem in a fair
way to be verified.
THE BALLOT-BOX REMEDY.
*"l "HE ('ALL does not question the good faith of ;
| the present Grand Jury in its investigation of
the alleged corruption of Supervisors. But it
' seriously doubts whether the inquiry will have any
practical and useful results. It is very rarely the
actual legal proof of bribery can be obtained, and
the failures of legislative committees and grand juries
to bring corrupt miscreants to justice are often used
to show that charges against public officers in the
press i ewhere are groundless and are invented
for sensational purp
In realit} such charges are almost invariably true,
but, although unerring inferences from established'
facts, the) are usually beyond the reach of the courts. ;
1 The subtleties of political corruption are very intricate
! and very deep. The agents used by the railroad mon
! opoly and by other conspirators against popular rights
to coi ■ sen nts are masters of their busi
i i ss and operate in ways which, though they can be
m derstood, it is most difficult to penetrate. Amanwho
would give or take a bribe would ordinarily commit
perjury to conceal the fact. But legislators, Super
visors and other officials are often purchased and'
to aci in total disregard of their obligations'
without the direct receipt of money. The distribution
of patronage, the operation of which is now being
I by the heavenly twins known as Burns
and Gage, is a potent agency in the accomplishment
i nds. The results can be seen, the
necessary connections accurately di cerned, but the
interior mystery cannot be successfully unraveled.
It may ]•■? often noticed that, about the time of the
' consummation of some transparent rascality, the in
dividuals who do the external work have an inex
»e of prosperity. Mortgages are lifted.
Additional capital is obtained for business enter
prises. Profitable contracts are awarded. The va
rious means employed to reach an<l to compensate
ial dishonesty are not even effectually concealed,
and yet they cannot be definitely traced. An expe
ed lawyer, especially in a railroad case, is often
distinctly aware that a jury has been put up against
him, and yet. although he can put his finger upon the !
very men who <i : '! the job, he could not sustain a
■ mlated eh; i -; them.
It is their inscrutability that makes corruptionists
They do their contaminating work
and abs ilutelj the faces of respectable citi
zens, because they arc impervious to odium and they
: are satisfied that they cannot be judicially punished.
: Bui a vigilant press and an observing public are not
deceived. Their proof may be moral as distinguished
from legal, but it produces certainty. No legislator
1 or Supervisor who can be handled for dishonest pur
poses escapes observation, and an honest Supervisor
cted. There is very
little injustii c done to public officers. If they walk
1 straight they . n to be appreciated and re
spected.
San Francisco, it is well known, f <-r many years
ha^ been the victim of saturated villainies. The Hun
ton monopoly, with its innumerable ramifications,
may be tl but it is nol the only source of
municipal corruption. The effective remedy is not
through Grand Jury investigations that sound well
and accomplish nothing, but at the primaries and at
the polls. Respectable and intelligent citizens, who
understand the situation and are ready to perform
their civic duties, can take and hold possession of
their party organizations. This proposition is es
■•" the Republican party. The thorough
bred and clean Republicans of San Francisco can
sweep Dan Burn 1 ;, the railroad push and other rotten
rty into the sea. The opportunity
for a demonstration of their strength and their de
y will soon be afforded, and there is a reasonable 1
ect that it will lie effectually improved.
THE DEWEY MONUMENT.
\ J TTII subscriptions received from compara
\A/ tively few persqns but amounting in the ag
gregate to more than $30,000, now in their
hands, th mmittees engaged in raising hinds
for the erection of the monument by which San Fran
i cisco 1- to commemorate the gratitude of this genera
; tion to Admiral Dewey for his epoch-making victory
in Manila Hay may well be satisfied with what has
been thus far accomplished and sanguine of the speedy
subscription of the entire amount needed for the work.
Up to this time the general public hn.s hardly been
appealed to. The subscriptions that make up the fund
at pVesent have been given in large amounts. From
this time on, however, the great mass of the people
' will add their contributions to the fund, and while
most of them will, of course, be small in comparison
1 with the munifit eni sums given to start the movement,
they will in the aggregate exceed the sum total of
', the large subscriptions and make the monument an
expres nof the sentiment of the whole people and
not that of a few wealthy men.
The battle of Manila was so essentially a victory
] that establishes the prestige of the United States in the
Pacific Ocean, that it gives to the Pacific Coast States
s new position in the Union. This is no longer the
! bacl the republic. The great commercial
I energies of the country will have their future develop
! ment through San Francisco and other Pacific Ocean
ports and it would not be easy to exaggerate the ex
tent and the magnitude of the commerce which those
I energies will eventually accomplish.
It is, therefore, right and fitting there should be
erected in this city a monument which will represent
the appreciation of the people of the Pacific Coast of
I Dewey's great service. For that reason the appeal
! for subscriptions to the monument finds a ready and
■ cordial response from all patriotic citizens. As the
spirit of national loyalty stirs more strongly in the
popular heart at the approach of the great national
j holiday of the Fourth of July, the appreciation of the
j mighty victory of the great admiral will increase, and
it is fair to assume that by the time that day arrives
I the $100,000 required for the construction of the monu
j ment will be virtually assured.
EDUCATION IN ALASKA
ASCAXDAL in the Department of Public
Education is about the last thing that was ex
pected in news from Alaska, and yet that is what
: has come to us in the report of the Grand Jury of the
United States District Court for that Territory. Jt
is rich a scandal as could be found in the most
civilized of home districts and has more than the fa
miliar complaint of a waste of public money.
Congress, it seems, has appropriated, between
[884 and ISO 7. as much as $415,000 for Alaskan
schools, and the Grand Jury, taking a scrutinizing sur
vey of the whole wide domain of iceberg, glacier and
I gold fields, finds no sufficient return for the money.
The schools are not only few and far between, but the
very existence of some reported is doubtful. They are
! out of sight from any point of view the Grand Jury
: could find, and accordingly the members of that body
have concluded if there be such schools they have
j been established not for the youth of the "advance
guard of civilization" in the Territory, but for the
: barbarian offspring of those who "By day catch the
j ermine, and by night chase other vermin."
The waste of school money and the bad location of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 19, 1899.
j schools are by no means the only offenses charged
; against the offending Superintendent. He seems in
, deed to be a man with a frozen gall, capable of ven
turing upon the most extraordinary schemes without
getting cold feet. He is accused of promoting
a wild plan "for revolutionizing the mode of travel
and transportation of mails in Alaska by the intro
duction of domesticated reindeer from Siberia," of
having demoralized the educational system of the
, Territory by neglect of duty, and of having "per
sistently embodied" in his official reports "that which
1 he knew to be false."
From the arraignment it will be seen the Alaskan
School Superintendent has gone far beyond anything
' ever perpetrated by school authorities in this climate.
We have known school money to be wasted, school
dignitaries to neglect their duties, school reports to j
contain false statements; but no attempt has ever been |
made here to introduce reindeer, or to effect any other
kind of revolution in our civilization.
It is not easy to understand the bitterness with
which the reindeer scheme is denounced. Indeed,
from this end of the line the Alaskan mail service has >
seemed to be so abominable, it is the conviction that
1 anything in the way of a revolution would benefit it.
! However, we have not had experience, while the \
Alaskans have, and our judgments must give way to ;
theirs.
The report concludes with this heartfelt outburst:
"The Grand Jury, therefore, earnestly protests
against any further recommendation for the importa
tion of domesticated reindeer, and respectfully begs |
and prays on behalf of a long-suffering people that !
the honorable Secretary of the Interior may in his j
wisdom see fit to relieve Alaska of the incubus of an j
I official who enjoys neither the respect nor the con
fidence of any considerable portion of her people,
white or native, and whose days of usefulness, so far
as Alaska is concerned, were long since buried. '
So ends the first chapter of the schools' scandals j
of Alaska, and so begins the introduction of the rein- j
deer into American politics as a revolutionary
creature.
WHITE LABOR IN HAWAII.
A REPORT from Hawaii announces that the
Supreme Court of the islands has just handed
down a decision in the case of two white men
who undertook to escape from the bondage of con
tract labor on the plantations, but were arrested, con
victed and confined in jail upon failure to pay the fine
imposed.
The decision affirms the action of the lower court
in convicting and imprisoning the men, and declares
the provisions of the Constitution of the United
State-, cited in defense of the laborers, are not in
force in Hawaii during the present transition period.
This upholds the validity of the penal clause in the
contract labor laws in Hawaii, and consequently un
til Congress establishes freedom there, we are to have
virtual slavery in a Territory of the United States.
It is significant that the same report that brings
news of this decision adds:
"The importation of Italians as laborers upon some
plantations is now definitely decided upon. A num
ber of managers have made application for this class |
of people, and they will almost certainly form a part ■
of our population in the course of a few months."
While the report speaks of Italian laborers only, it
is safe to say the planters in their eagerness to get
workingmen under penal contracts upon their planta
tions will be ready to take Americans as well as for
eigners if they can get them. Efforts may be made
in this city to induce unemployed men to go to the
islands, and it will be well for workingmen, there
fore, tn give heed to this decision of the court.
Labor in Hawaii is very likely to mean slavery for
an indefinite period. The Hawaiian lobby was strong
enough to prevent the passage of an act providing a
permanent government for Hawaii last winter, and it
may be able to postpone it for another year. Until
that question is settled the workingman who goes
to our "Paradise of the Pacific" had better be careful
what sort of contract he signs.
Explosions of powder factories nn this coast are
altogether too frequent. Similar establishments in
the East rarely suffer from such disasters, and there
is evidently a lack of care in our factories. It is even
probable that if they undertook to manufacture so
harmless a mixture as baking powder the stuff would
get away and raise the roof inside of a month.
The Hawaiian labor problem threatens to become
something like the old slave labor question, on a
smaller scale, of course, but just about a? offensive in
its nature; and Congress is going to have a lively
•time in solving it. It is evident that whenever a
country in the temperate zone annexes a tropical
island it annexes trouble.
Seventeen Governors of as many States have prom
i ised to attend the Anti-Trust Congress at St. Louis.
It is safe to say that, if the Executive of Xorth Caro
lina repeats too often his famous remark to the Gov
! ernor of South Carolina, the delegates may be forced,
in self-defense, to resolve themselves into an anti-tick
convention.
The frank announcement of the German delegates
to the Peace Conference that Germany will oppose
j any proposal for disarmament inclines to the belief
that the Kaiser was slightly sarcastic when he ex-
I pressed his imperial desire that the results of the con
i ferencc would be "satisfactory to the Czar."
Mr. Lockwood is mistaken when he says, "If you
■ have got to be robbed it does not matter whether you
■ are held up by Dick Turpin with a pistol or by John
Rockefeller with a railroad." He forgets that Rocke
feller would undoubtedly say grace before making
! meat of you.
The "man with the ax" seems just now to be
monopolizing general interest in Alameda County to
the exclusion of "The Man With the Hoe." Poet
Markham, however, can console himself with the re
flection that a prophet is without honor in his own
country.
It is now said a combine will be organized in New
York to oppose the tinplate trust, and it is to be
hoped the report is correct. A battle between a
combine and a trust would be watched with as much
interest as a fight between a crocodile and a hip
popotamus.
The report that the story of the assassination of
Luna may be a Filipino hoax raises a suspicion that
the whole Luna record may be a fake. Our boys in
Manila have been hunting for him for a long time / but
j have never succeeded in finding him.
It is really surprising to what an extent the people
believe that prizefighters are spendthrifts. In the very
nature of their calling they can be nothing but close
fisted.
If MM. Charron and Winton do not cease expend
ing wind about"that automobile race there will not be
enough left for their tires.
General Otis seems to find it about as hard to
"grasp the situation" as to catch the Filipino.
CONCERNING THE STATE'S
MINING INDUSTRY
The things of most present Importance
concerning the rapid growth and progress
of the California Miners' Association
are the Southern California branch of the
association, organized a few days ago
at Los Angeles, with Stephen M. White
as president, and the mistaken hostility
to the organization which has for some
weeks been expressed repeatedly by news
and technical journals and a few mining
men of that region.
This new organization was effected
about six weeks ago in Los Angeles at nn
open meeting attended by Secretary E. H.
Benjamin, Attorney General Ford, ben
ator Davis, E. H. Ricketts, Charles B.
Yale and others of the California Miners
Association. The new society, supposed
to represent the interests of Southern Cal
ifornia in the association, has been sup
ported by a number of the leading min
ing men in that part of the State, and ha*
already acquired a considerable member
ship in spite of the hostile arguments
from some sources that an independent
organization would be much better. This
hostility on the part of some men and in
fluences interested in the mining prosper
ity of Southern California Is certainly a
mistaken one that will not help the min
ing industry south of Tehachapi, which
has never before specially figured in the
work of this powerful State organization.
Those who have objected with many
words to the affiliation with the Califor
nia Miners' Assocaition say. in effect,
first, that the fields and their interests
are naturally separate: second, that the
California Miners' Association is controll
ed by San Francisco business men, who
use the organization to divert the mining
trade to and control it from San Fran
cisco; third, that Central and Northern
California put little men or money into
Southern California mim>s. and that the
importance of th<* industry south of re
hachapi is not recognizf-d up here. It has
been said that "the bay people do not
give fair and adequate consideration to
the mining interests of Southern Califor
nia; that bay capital cannot be interested
In S<uithern*California mines; that Los
Angeles is interested in building up a
mining trade that would be best fostered
by an Independent organization; that
Southern California mining opportunities
can be better advertised by a separate or
ganization; that the California Miners
Association is chiefly seeking the 75 per
cent of the membership dues which have
been fixed at $2 per year for individuals,
The urging of these things In the col
umns of news and technical journals and
from meeting platforms has hindered the
growth of what promised to be a strong
and effective auxiliary association. It is
another exhibition of the feeling of inde
pendence of the rest of the State that
bobs up now and then down there.
To pay that the mining Interests of Cali
fornia are split Into two parts by a rangre
of mountana is to take a narrow and er
roneous view of the California Miners'
Association. The State association is
made up of fourteen county organizations,
and the association has never since its or
ganization, seven years ago, either in an
nual convention or through its executive
or other committees, dealt with matters
of sectional interest, except in the great
matter of the rehabilitation of hydraulic
mining. This question gave the associa
tion its birth, and the Caminetti law gave
evidence Of its power and effectiveness,
but since then this matter has been an
incidental one. This association gave
birth to the pending demand for a cabi
net department representing the mining
industry, and it still hammers away at
the plan, helping give it needed boom and
prestige. Southern California is as much
interested in this as any other part of
the State or country, as it is in the min
eral lands bill, to which the association
gave birth and the bright prospects of
which are to be credited largely to the
insistent work of the association, largely
dime through A. 11. Ricketts. The revision
of the Federal mining law is another Held
of its labor not peculiar to the interests
<if any section. A number of such mat
ters of equal interest to miners in t'tah.
Arizona, Southern and Northern Califor
nia have been taken tip by the association
ami await the added support of the
Southern California mining interests.
Tn matters of State legislation the asso
ciation has been an effective force and
will continue to be one. The Legislature
has in the main acceded to its recom
mendations as to mining legislation, and
its representatives have always been a
definite and effective force before legisln
tive committees and with legislators. The
liberal support of the State Mining Bu
reau has been largely due to its influence.
The appropriation of $250,000, which it
gained from the Legislature as well as
horn Congress, is one evidence of its polit
ical force. Another among such evidences
is the tacit understanding with the Gov
ernor, that after raising hy $10,000 the ap
firopriation tor a California exhibit at the
'aris Exposition, $25,000 should be devoted
to the mining Industry of the State. It
lias been along such broad lines that the
association has worked so far. and it is
along such lines of general importance
tint it has gained the prestige and es
teem it holds in the halls of both national
and State legislation. The future effec
tiveness of the association In Washington
and Sacramento would be further in
creased by the co-operation of the leading
influences concerned in the mining indus
try of the southern part of the State. If
In the future two California miners' as
sociations should exist, the two would
hardly agree on the same specific propo
sitions, and the divided counsels might
easily confuse and defeat measures of im
portance to the whole mining industry of
the State. A larger representation of the
industry acting as a unit would add much
to the power and scope of the associa
tion'S efforts. What has been accomplish
ed so far. including an effective example
of what may be done by an organization
of the mining industry on broad lines has
b.^en done with little aid from Southern
California. The California Miners' Asso
ciation is not a chamber of mines, it con
cerns itself, with no mining properties
and it does not try 'n influence the min
ing trade. Its purposes are broader am. .c
confines itself to those broader purposes
of general legislation and the g«n. ml
prosperity of the indus'ry. "Uncle Jak> '
Neff. who is and has been since its organ
ization its president, confines its efforts
to fields in which Southern California is
as much interested as any part of the
State.
Much San Francisco money Is Invested
in Southern California mining- properties,
but It is to the East and to Europe that
the whole State largely turns for mining
capital, and this is especially true of
Southern California. The California
Miners' Association has not given South
ern California especial attention for the
good reason that Southern California was
not represented in it. Its wants would
have more effective attention through one
strong State organization than through a
small independent one. The American In
stitute of Mining Engineers will meet
here in September as the guests of the
California Miners' Association, and that
will give another illustration of the value
of affiliation. The association will issue
a large and handsome exposition of the
mineral resources of the State, in which
Southern California will he fairly repre
sented and with which such an affiliated
association might concern itself. In the
matter of the Paris mineral exhibit a
unity of policy will add to the success of
the display. As a new mining region
Southern California will have land, water
road, legal and departmental matters
which would be handled with more suc
cess and benefit by a strong and influen
tial organization representing the whole
State than by one representing a small
region.
Active affiliation with the State associa
tion would tend to cure neglect if such
exists and to turn attention southward
and make the splendid undeveloped re
sources of Southern California better
known. The California Miners' Associa
tion seeks moral strength rather than
financial co-operation, and from every
point of view the interests of the mining
industry in Southern California seem
open to better service from a great than
from a local organization.
Since a review of the rapid rise of gold
dredging In California was published in
these columns a few weeks ago, three
new big modern dredgers of the chain
bucket type have begun actual operations
and five more are being arranged for by
three companies. On the Feather River
the Morigold Dredging Company has
started a new dredger on about 300 acres
of alluvial flat five miles below Oroville
This dredger has trouble with tree roots
which reduce its output from 2500 to 1200
cubic yards of gravel per twenty-four
hours. When such a dredger goes to
turning over such a recent river bench It
finds roote more troublesome than bowl
ders. This dredger Is rigged with a special
derrick to pull ami handle stump?.
On the American River not far from
Folsom, a Colorado Springs company has
started r dredger to work on an ancient
bench 150 feet above the river It was
sel up in an excavation to which water
is fl umed to float and operate the dredger,
an i the clayey nature of the ground there
greatly lessens the waste of water. This
company is planning to put another I
machine to work. A Postlewaite dredger
has just been sent from here to the Lewis
River in the Northwest Territory, it
will be. erected on Kike Bennett and
floated 200 miles to near the mouth of
the Hootnlinqua.
The Kia Ora Cold Dredging Company,
conducted by R. 11. Postlewaite, has suc
cessfully Btarted a very interesting dredg
ing operation by the Feather River. It
is "the first successful attempt in this
country to operate a floated dredger in
very porous ground. This new company
has 157 acres of land about a half mil"
from the river, which is an old river bed.
Most of the land is an orchard costing Sl5O
an acre, and the fruit trees are being
sacrificed for the gold below them. The
surface is about eleven feet above the
water line, and it is thirty feet to bed
rock. The pay ground varies greatly, but
it averages well and it is proposed to
work over every cubit? yard ot the ground
and turn the gay orchard into a waste of
tailings banked up behind the dredger.
The dredger was erected in a hole and
floated. Water for floating and working
is pumped and piped from the river by
a steam centrifugal pump. People called
Postlewaite n fool for proposing to pump
and maintain a lake In that sort of
ground, but 250,000 gallons a day is doing
the work. That represents the daily seep
age. The pumping costs $550 a day, in
cluding $2 2") for one man's wages and a
half-cord of wood a day. There is now
being built an electric pump designed to
be self-oiling and self-resruiating. which
need be visited but two or three times a
week thus saving a man's wages, etc.
During May this dredger handled 29.000
cubic yards of gravel in twenty-seven :
days at an expense of $1020. exclusive of
Interest and depreciation. The cost was
about 3 cents a yard and the returns were !
roundly $3000 or about 10 cents a yard.
There are many thousands of acres of ;
ground awaiting such operations in Cali
fornia.
There Is a lively demand for copper '
properties in the Campo Seco region. It I
Is a hopeful sign that the holders are not ;
disposed to sell.— Calaveras Citizen.
We are informed that preparations are
now being made to resume operations at
the Esperanza mine on a larger scale
than ever before. The stamp capacity is
to be increased to eighty stamps, a new
hoist to lie erected and the shaft, is to be
sunk an additional 500 feet. As soon as i
the new machinery can be put in place
there will be nearly 1M men at work at
the mine.— ("alaveras Chronicle.
At IS9S feet the new vertical shaft nt
the Oneida struck the ledge, and it was
found to he ten feet thick at this point.
Sinking will probably be continued to the
2100 level. The next thing in order will
be the cleaning out and retimberlng of
the old shaft, after which, if the outlook
continues favorable, we may expect to I
fef a mill erected.— Amador Republican.
J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T>r. Harrison of Yreka Is at the Grand.
Dr. J. P. Young: of Stockton Is at the
Lick.
V. F. Will . rancher of lone, la at the
RIISS.
J. Ellin T,ang of Seattle Is at the Cali
fornia.
Willis Pike, the attorney, of Fresno, Is
at the Grand.
W. H. McCllntoch, a mining man of So
nora, is at the Lick.
M. E. Sanborn, an attorney of Tuba
Pity. Ib at the Lick.
S. Migllavacci, the vlneyardlst, of Napa
County, is stopping at the Grand.
Cecil H. Bauer, a merchant of Portland,
nnd wife are stopping at the Palace.
E. H. Cox, the banker, of Madera, ac
companied by his wife, Is stopping at the
Palace.
George H. "Wlgmore and wife and R.
Ross, of I, os Angeles, are nt the Occi
dental.
James Parke. James Kirkland and J. A.
Williams, planters, of Guatemala, are at
the Rus.o.
A. L. Chamber and A. R. Denike camp
up from San Jose yesterday and are
guests at the California.
Cpcil H. Bauer, a prosperous merchant
of Portland, Or., is visiting this city with
his wife and they are registered at the
Palace .
Bert Bretherton, a representative of a
Rochester firm, who has been at the Pal
ace during the past four weeks, left for
the East yesterday.
Ben Herhst. one of the best known
traveling men In thp United States, ar
rived from New York with his son yes
terday, and took quarters at the Palace.
Mrs. Gilbert Overton and Miss Gwen
dolen Overton were among the passen
gers who arrived on the Peru yesterday
evening. They are registered at the Oc
cidental.
Rev. W. R. Goodwin, pastor of a Meth
odist church in Los Angeles and formerly
pastor of the California-street Methodist
Church of this city, is the guest, of W.
H. Meister, 2973 Folsom street. Dr. Good
win is on his way home after a visit to
Chicago.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 18.— B. T. Lacy of
San Francisco la at the A.lbemarle.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Three Russian tnrnedo boats building in
France are of :?12 tons displacement, to
steam 26 knots and will cost, collectively,
$906,000.
There is great activity at the dockyard
at Kiel, when- the armored cruiser Furst
Bismarck and a sister ship of 10,630 tons
are being built with great rapidity. The
total working force is 6840 men, a large
number of them working on night shifts.
It is reported that when the British
battleship Victorious was recently dock
ed at Yokosuka the Japanese naval con
structors discovered t..at the draught
marks were wrong and that the
ship actually dr. v.- one foot less than
the marks indicated.
The small cruiser presented by Spanish
residents in Mexico to the mother country
has been begun at Cadiz. The vessel will
b< 288 feet In length, 3G feet beam and 2000
tons displacement. The battery will con
sist of four 5.51 inch, four 4 inch, four 6
pounders, all quick-firers, and two ma
chine guns.
The gun factory at Osaka is now
equipped to manufacture ordnance ( .f
11-inch caliber. The limit was hitherto
9.4.". Inches fur puns and 11 inches for
mortars. Additional machinery has been
imported from France since lKt*4. and the
first gun of 11 Inches caliber, weighing
Z, tons, has been begun.
The Vulcan Shipbuilding Company at
Stettin is about to build a drydoek of
large capacity at Cuxhaven, at the mouth
of the Elbe. This company, having the
Emperor of Germany as a largo shnre
holder, is kept busy on naval contracts,
and the new dock will bo a semi-Govern
ment improvement in line with the grow
ing navy of the German Empire.
French dockyards have in hand quite a
large number of vessels in course of con
struction. Brest has five battleships, one
armored cruiser and two submarine boats;
Rochefort has seven vessels, Toulon four",
L'Orient seven and Cherbourg ten vessels
making a total of thirty-six vessels of all
kinds. In the same number of navy-yards
in the United States not a single vessel is
being built.
The British Admiralty has purchased
300,000 feet of fireprof wood for the
Queen's yacht and 350,000 feet for the use
of ships now in course of construction.
The contractors, whose works are located
at Fulham, do not claim tnat the wood Is
fireproof, for it will char, but it Riiann
tees that the wood will not convey Barnes
and thus start conflagration on board
ship. This latter quality is all the Ad
miralty expects the wood to possess, and
the tests have been successful.
The Norwegian Government is follow
ing the example of other naval powers in
extending subvention to merchani steam
ers with a view of utilizing them a« na
val vessels in time of war. As a beginning
the Bergen Steamship Company has
encouraged to build a Bmall steamer at
Christiania at a cost of ?1 2.'.. ''""■". to
14 to 15 knots, and the Government guar
antee* a yearly subvention of $2775. which
is equal to 2.3 per cent on the capital in
vested.
The Yarrow water-tu' • boiler is used
j entirely in re< i ni vessels of the navy In
Holland. It is carried in six en
each of 10.000 horsepower, in two
ships of 6000 horsepo* enrh ai
three torpedo boats, enrh of 1000 horse
power. Some of the ships of war built
at Elswick arp also fitted with v ■
erp. Among- others, l on Carlop. a i
tujruese oruiper, hns twelve boiler
veloping 12,700 horsepower, an<! iv.
weglan armored ship? of 3850
tons will also have the Yarrow boiler.
The Argentine Republic is building a
drydock at Porto Belgrano, in Ruenos
Ayres, which will be fiiW feet in length and
carry thirty feet over the sill. -
forts— one of which hns already been com
pleted—are also in course of construction
and will mount heavy Krnpp Riinp. The?*
improvements, together with a short rail
road, will cost about J12.000.000, and the
work is being done by Dutch contractors.
Hitherto the only drydock in the Argen
tine was at San Fernando, and being only
300 feet long was unsulted for the lorg
ships of the Argentine navy or merchant
steamers in need of docking.
T,ord Charles Beresfnrd and Mr. Ritchfo
president of the Board of Trade, are noi
agreed on the question of 8
British seamen and how to remedy this
serious difficulty. Mr. Ritchie, who is als<
a member of Parliament, recently gay.
his views in writing to an Inquiry by (
deputation of the Navy League, statins
that the scheme of training lads at th<
expense of the Government was one hi
positively declined to put before tlv
House of Commons, and contended that 11
the mercantile marine wanted British sea
men they should train them at their owr
expense.' Lord Beresford, replying I
letter, said he was not at all surprised a'
Mr. Ritchie's answer. The attitude of au
thority always had been to ignore greai
questions till the press and public Insist
on something being done. The dearth
British seamen and the fa^t that the
ranks will have to be depleted in \v.
time by taking away their finest spec:
mens for the Royal Naval Reserves con
stitute. in Lord Beresfnril's opinion, a se
rious danger, and contended that it was
the duty of the Government to take up
this question and endeavor to find a solu
tion for the difficulty, and that the besl
way of inducing them to do this was tr
agitate. __
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
A DAY IX 18ST S., City. The 4th of
April, 1&57, fell on a Saturday.
SULLIVAN'S WEIGHT— A. S., City. At
the time that John L. Sullivan was de
feated by James J. Corbett, September 7,
IS9I, h* weighed 212 pounds. His opponent
weighed ]78 pounds.
BEER IN GLASS— H. W. 8.. City. Be*r
will keep equally well in bottles closed
with cork a? with glns< stopper providing
the cork is capped so as to protect it from
atmospheric Influences.
TIMBERING MINES— S. L., Oat Hi"
Cal. The Mining Bureau, which issued a
pamphlet on mine timbering, being out oi 1
the publication, you might find one in the
libraries or obtain permission to read one
in the hands of some of the mining super
intendents.
FOUNDER OF THE RED CROSS— R.,
City. Henri Dunant. the founder of tha
Red Cross Society, is living in Heiden,
Switzerland. He was at one time very
wealthy, but is now quite poor, having
expended near the whole of his fortune
in humanitarian work. He receives year
ly a pension from the Czarina, of Russia,
who recognizes the good work that he
started.
THE CUBAN RESOLUTIONS— A- O. S.,
City. The joint resolutions passed by both
s of Congress April 18, 1898, conclude
in the following language: "The T'nited
States hereby disclaims any disposition nr
intention to exercise sovereignty, jurisdic
tion or control over the said island
(Cuba), except for the pacification tnere
of, and asserts Its determination when
that is completed to leave the govprn
ment and control of the islands to its
people." _
THE HUSBANDS EFFECTS— J. J-.
City. If a man is arrested on a petty
charge and locked up at a sub-police sta
tion In the vicinity of his residence and
his personal effects are taken from him,
euch should be entered on the records to
his credit and then sent to the property
clerk at the Central station. Such effects
should under the rules of the department
be delivered only to the party from whom
taken (unless he is not responsible), ex
cept on a proper order. The sergeant at
the sub-station would not be authorized to
deliver the effects to the wife of the pris
oner.
A MARRTAGE LICENSE— B. G. A.,
City. A marriage licpnse issued by a
County < 'lerk of the State of California
is valid only in the county in which it is
Issued. If a couple obtained a license in
Tuba County. Cal., and then went t<> th-e
State of Nevada to bf> married, that li
cense would i"i avail them, as no cine in
the State >■!' Nevada authorized to marry
a couple would recognize such license. 1?.
however, the couple were married in th.^
State of Nevada and returned to Yub.i
County the marriage certificate could be
recorded In the County Recorder's office
the same as any document that the par
ties desire to have recorded.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'B.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men bj
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main .H42. *
According to compulations the 1
race embraces about one-tenth of t h*
ing members of the human species
ir.ii. r ooo individuals.
Official Route Christian Endeavc
Excursion to Detroit.
Leave Pan Francisco 6 p. m., June 29, via
Central Pacific, Union Pacific. Chicago and
Northwestern and Wabash Railways, one day
spent at both Denver and Omaha Exposition.
Round trip rate to Detroit, (81 For reserva
tions and further information address Geom*
P. Lowell. Transportation Manager California
Christian Endeavor, 1625 Eighth ave.. East
Oakland, Cal.
■ ♦ ■ - . .
Low Rates to Detroit, Michigan, for
Christian Endeavor Convention.
The SANTA FE ROUTE will mako rate
JSI for the round trip. Tickets on s-ale Jun.
23th. For full particulars call at ticket
62S Market street, this city, or 11 IS Broadway,
Oakland.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup'
Has been used for fifty yoars by mUHona m
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften;
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething o:
other causes. For sale ly Drugglsta in every
part of the world. He sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Bootblnc Syrup, ZSc a bottle.
Rock Island Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further infer- *
address CLINTON JONES. General Agent
Rock Island Railway. f.M Market St.. S. F.
— ~»~
HOTEL DEL CORONADO- Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, Including fifteen Cays' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply «* ♦
New Montgomery street, San Francisco,SPIRITUALISM
DENOUNCED BY
BISHOP MORELAND
Eloquent Discourseon
the Subject.
— ♦
LARGE ATTENDANCE PRESENT
WITCHCRAFT WAS CONDEMNED
BY THE BIBLE.
•
Communications From the Unseen
World Come From Lying Spirits
10 Personate the
Deceased.
St. Luke's w»s crowded yesterday
morning to hear the Right Rev. Bishop
Mqreland on tho subject of spiritualism. I
Tho Bishop delivered an eloquent address
and hold his audience to the closest at- |
tention. His text was taken from the !
first Corinthians. ix:2l— "Ye cannot drink i
of the cup of tho Lord and the cup of
the devil. Ye cannot be partakers of the
I Lord's table and the table of the devil."
, The following is a synopsis of the s< r-
X 1s usual to begin a sfrmon on spiritualism j
by pronouncing it a fraud and humbug without I
v ract underlying its manifestations, i am not I
prepared to take this position. Intelligent >
people are convinced t:;at beneath much ire- j
tense an.l deception th-r.' is some foundation '
<>f fa<t. TU* strongest evidence M my mind I
is that the won! of <;■■!. from Genesis to Rev- !
elation, recognizes the existence tit mediums ,
uiul sutxeitfrs, iii.il from llje beginning: of the |
world Cs:.i) condemns t!:e::i and forbids our :
so^kins information fr.-in them. We believe I
thr.t if any communications come inuii the '
up, ritual, unseen world to mediums an>l clair- i
voyants, th«-y c '" n ; - come from deceased per;
Bens, but from lying spirits who personate the j
deceas'-'l. J.'sus Christ revealed nil that it is |
vii?<« for :;s to know about the other lif-\ and !
•when we ;tv into its secrets we b-soome the |
I victims <if mocking evil spirits, whose aim is j
to draw th.- soul away from Christ;
Pr-Sritualipm deadens the f-Hs>nin:2 p^wr?
ar.i reduces the Intellect to a level nf fru'.li
bility beyond belief. It a.3tla a new horror to '
dying to think that we may In the spirit j
lift* I •■ the souse we hr.ii here and return to j
our friends the we.ik. sentimental driblue that j
the mediums furnish. Our departed fr!on>ls |
have lost their love for us if they will not
ci mmunicate save tlirouch a Ftrancer. and
th^n only when the medium's nalm — like th* I
gipsy fortune teller— is crossed with silver.
The c. ntinued life nf cur friends does not de
!-t1 on the !lin;sy prop of spiritualism, but on |
the resurrection of Christ- The souls of the I
blessed ar«^ in tho l;an.ls of God and there ■ an
no torment and no medium touch th»m. The I
tru^ comfort is to have fellowship with our I
loved ones In paradise through Jesus <;hrist.
Next Sunday Rishop Moreland will !
ae:iin fill tho pulpit at St. Luke's. His J
sermon will be on the kindred subject of i
Christian Science.
CROONER ARRIVES.
The Honolulu Appears Off Port After
a Long Passage From Hawaii.
There were thr«'«> arrivals yesterday
that attracted attention. The overdue
schooner Honolulu showed up off port
from Hawaii, the mail steamer Peru ar
rived from Panama and way ports and j
the Russian steamer Dalny Vostok got ;
in from Hakodate! As anticipated in The j
Call, the Honolulu was driven north, and |
when the wind chanced to southwest had I
to light her way back again. Captain |
Thonagle Is more than glad to reach port. |
as|he is due i:i Scotland to superintend I
the building of two four-masted barken^
tines for the Hawaiian-Australian trade.
The Peru brought up twenty-five cabin ;
and twelve steerage passengers. She got
in a day ahead of rime, having made tlie !
run from Mazatlan In live days. The •
Delny Vostok brings 2900 tons of Japanese !
coal from Moji. She Is a new vessel and :
is a big carrier for her size. She will load j
here tor Vladivostok!
Work on the transports went on with
tt ru:<h yesterday. The Sheridan was.be- J
Ing repaired and the Wyeneld was load- 1
ing ai Folsom-street wharf. Th- Shi ri
dan will bo ready for troops and supplies;
on Tuesday. TheuValencia was coaling at
Howard 2,-jthe Pennsylvania at Howard :'.
was b.-imr gut ready for the troops who !
■will go aboard next Wednesday, and the
Zealandia was having the bunks that!
were torn out when the Government gave;
her up replaced at Pacific street. All five .
steamers will g^t away for Manila this I
weekJ . *
Oscar Lewison, a sailor on the British
ship Mool Eilian, nearly lost his lifo yes- :
terday. He foil overboard from the gang- !
plank, and had it not been for Officer j
Henneberry he would have drowned. The i
latter went to his assistance, and after ;
g< ttinc him ashore took him to the liar- I
bor Hospital, where Dr. Fitzgibbon at- j
tended to him.
All the vessels that have been tied up
in Qakldnd Creek are going into the ium- |
bf-r trade. The stanch barkeni in Jane A. !
Falkenberg has been brought out of re- j
tirement. and yesterday she sailed for
Port Hadlock for a load
CROWDS SEEK RECREATION.
Many Find Enjoyment at the Park,
Chutes and Sutro's Baths.
Notwithstanding the high wind and fop
a fair crowd congregated at the park
yesterday and sat out the musical pro
gramme. No accidents occurred during
the day to disturb Captain Thompson,
who rr:ais<> his first appearance yesterday
after a fifteen days' vacation in the
Ynpemite Valley. Improvements .1 1 ■■• at a
standstill .'it the park. Superintendent Mc-
Laren says, and will he until the moneys
irom the new tax levy come in.
The guests of th«> Chutes were enter
ta:ned apain by Kmil Markeberg, who
wrilk.il a tightrope ninety feet above the
groundJ He went over with his feet in a
bag and came hark with a basket on each
footj accomplishing the feat without a
rest; even though a sale was blowing at
The results of the aquatic contests at
Smro Baths were as follows: Fifty-yard
novice C. Royal, tin<t; H. C. Seebach,
second One hundred-yard juvenile. It.
]•:<:.;. iirst; H. c. Beebach. second. High
fliviiv.' won by ( '. Donovan. Tub race,
10 yards. F. Baker, lirst; E. Wall, second;
\V. l<;imiord. third. One hundred-yard
amateur. < '. Donovan, first; C. King, sec
ond.
FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
It Will G .•<! r\ Grand Musicale To-
Morvow Night.
■ i things In store for the
at the First Chris
street, between
Mlssii •. I. to-morrow night.
. .it which some
talent In the city
will i en lovable e\ en
i. ■>'■.: Jac >b, the
la <luwii '
jarte class from
■
c is ;is follows:
Piano ! 010, Di . ontralto
. mI bolo, Mr.
Vllsa Ly<ii;i Ja
: - ! mberl : vo
>lo, Mmc M
John Bray ton;
.■'. :il SOIO,
Ring, !>■■!
--b from Young Women's Chris
Will Work for Improvement.
A meeting of the property owners, mer
chants and residents of the northern part
of this city has been called for the pur
pose of forming an improvement club to
bo devoted to the proper representation
anrl advancement of this district. The
meeting will be held at Bersagllerf Hall;
southwest corner of Union and Stockton
streets, on Monday, the 19th day of June,
ot 8 p. m.
Knocked Down by a Bicyclist.
1049 Howard Btreet, repor
. y morning that While
I ward Btreet at Russ
a blcj cli.st. The man
on without stopping to inquirt;
si He« waa Injured or not. Ho
a description of him to the police.
\ shaken up.
THE PRESIDIO
VISITED BY A
LIVELY FIRE
Officers' Corral Par
tially Destroyed.
IT WAS BURNED AT NOONDAY
— ♦
ITS ORIGIN IS A MYSIBRY TO
THE OFFICIALS.
The Military Organizations Rallied
and the Soldiers Had a Hard
Fight to Put Out the
Flames.
The Presidio had a very narrow escape
■ ■ . from a disastrous fire. About
■ • garrison was startled into ac
-. the quick and continuous tire call.
The blaze proved to be In the "officers'
corral." This Is one of the largest fram* 3 I
the post It is situated at j
lUthern end of thf eastern row of
rters. The building is three
high and is built in the shape of j
an L. At present it is occupied by de- !
tnched officers. When the blaze was first i
,'ered it had gained considerable
headway, and Kn-at volumes of smoke
•"ing from the roof. Colonel
Freeman nt once ordered all organiza
ii ■!,.- post to the scer.t\ The men
• ded promptly and in a few minutes
first call had Bounded the hose
Idei trucks had been got to the
11 was found that the fire was cm the
third floor and apparently just under the
i■ • |y way that it could be
r< ached was by cutting through the roof. ;
soldiers quickly scaled the ladders
and h line of hose was passed up. A num
ber of the men cul holes in the roof and
■ hey managed to get a '
stream of water upon the fire. For a
iked as if the dames would gel
ntrol. l>ut after a hard Hunt of
• hour the soldiers succeeded in get
under control, Just when the blaze
was discovered the wind began to rise
and this i dded to tin - ■ Had the
fire Btarted on the first floor of the corral
the building would have been destroyed.
i- v. is fully an hour after the call was
• ■ the flames were extin
guish* d.
The origin of the fire is a mystery. No
ems to know just how it started.
ii is impossible to t • 11 how much the
damage will be until a board of survey
• • •■,! . \<\\\ a rough est im: 1 ( ■
■ ers places the l< ss at several
q ... number
who were quartered In the building
■ii of their i i iperty by having it
; . f..k.-n [n the hurrj and excitement oi
f the building.
ALEX. MADIE AS AN
HONORARY LECTURER
REGLNTS WILL CONSIDER THE
PROPOSITION.
Beginning- of the Plan to Establish
Co-Operation Between the Berke
ley Institution and the
Weather Bureau.
itrong i blllty that Alex
ifflcial of
: wiii be appointed
■ ■ urer on m< ; - • In the
■ of Califon ■ • ••. • ley. The
I tak< up a) the next
Board "f Regents, and
will I : irward in carrying out the
: ■ •• . olurans r
■■■ : co-operation with the uni
ties ■ ■ : State and the I >epartment
••■Tii la now in
operation at the Ohio State University,
Hopkins University and the Uni
versity of Tennessee, and excellent results
have b< en obtal ■ I
It Is understood that President Martin
gg will recommend to the Regents
n !• -■ beginning be made In the
establishment of meteorological courses
in the university, it Is the present In
tention to have Mr. McAdie offer a short
of lectures beginning next August
In connection with the course In
modern astronomy, conducted by Profes
<>,v Annii! < ). Leuscher, or a joint course
in met< orology, navigation and nautical
nomy for the benefit of the students
:n th» College of Commerce. These de
tails will be settled t>y the president of
the university, provided the Hiig;e:es=t!nn to
appoint Mr. McAdie honorary lecturer is ;
■• i
If there is found to be a great de- ;
mand by students for meteoroloKlr.il In- 1
strurtion. a complete equipment will be
Installed as fast as money will become
available. Ultimately the telegraphic
weather reports v«Ml] be obtained daily,
forecasts will be made for Iho pur
of giving the students practical
Mr. McAdie Is fine of the most brilliant
menin the weather service. He is the
only American who, in the Hodgkins prize
etition of the Smithsonian Institute
eived honorable mention with ■
bronze medal. He was formerly stationed
in this district, but was transferred to
New Orleans a few years ago. As an
evidence of his standing with the depart
ment eturned to the local bureau
when Profepsor Hammon resigned some
months atr>.
GOD IN OUR EARLY
NATIONAL HISTORY
The Centra] . Methodist Episcopal
Church held services again last evening
in the Metropolitan Temple. The audi
torium was ailed in every part. Dr.
Charles Edward Locke delivered a patri
otic sermon, appropriate to Bunker Hill
Day, his subject being L'Gbd In Our Early
National History," and the text, "I will
make of thee a great nation." Genesis
xii:2.
Dr. Locke said in part:
God In history is a subject of more romantic
Interest than the most fascinating fiction. The
westward march of civilization from the up
lands of Hindustan to the eastern shores of i
the great Pacific reveals the guiding and con- .
trolling Influence of th* God of nations. As
*braham was called from the shadows of
Oriental paganism to go forth and establish a
new nation so we are bold to claim that God ]
I spoke to our forefather* bidding them cross
'the boisterous sea and plant in virgin soil the
seeds of a new era, promising them as M" did
the "father of the faithful,." "I will make or .
thee a great nation."
The geographical location of our republic In- !
dicates providential and not accidental direc
tion In the temperate zone our fathers laid
the foundation of thin republic. Mighty men
la-e mighty trees grow in the temperate zone.
With 3 l-W OfiO -'|-'are miles of territory. 26.000
miles of river way and 12.000 miles of ooast, and j
with Inexhaustible resources of fabulous I
wealth an arena Is presented for the splendid 1
struggle of an advancing civilization against I
all medieval force?.
The Declaration of Independence and the
Constitution of the United States both bear the!
certain marks of the God of nations who sup- j
plements the Ignorance and Balteness of men
and helps them to build better than they know.
The years have wen many victorious dc
f ',„ hut none more magnificent than the
..tile of Bunker Hill. What a conflict was
that my countrymen! The heavenly host wit- !
'",;;,) thai valiant struggle behind the para-
Ects of the clouds. When Warren, gallant, i
amiable, divine, fell, every drop of blood be
came an armed chevalier of liberty, a crimson
symbol at victory. Noble and true patriot*
V.;.. Putnam and Prescott and Stark: and
rrlehtv warriors were those Massachusetts
\i n.l Men It Is the man that makes the
-oldiVr And, to-night, at the holy altars of j
the Ood of nations, recognizing the heritages
that «re ours and the grave responsibilities
thai we must meet as citizens and patriots. I
let us numbly beseech Almighty God for
courage and grace to defend the right, and to i
demonstrate our Christian manliness.
The Elks to Visit.
San Francisco Lodgre No. 3, P. B. O. E.,
wil on the 26th inst. visit Oakland Lodgre
No. 171 and apslst it to dedicate Its new
lodgpronm on Broadway.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 19, 1899.
MYSTERIOUS
DISAPPEARANCE
OF DIAMONDS
They Were Valued as
Presents.
BELONGED TO MRS. LUBELSKI
THE EMPTY BAG FOUND ON THE
STREET NEAR THE HOUSE.
— 4 —
Police Think It Was Either the Work
of a Sneak Thief or the Sack
Fell From Lubelski's
Coat.
The mysterious disappearance of a bag
of diamonds belonging to Mrs. T. Lu
belski, wife of A. Lubelski, 307 Golden
Oate avenue, was reported to the polico
yesterday afternoon and Detective George
Graham has been detailed on the case.
Lubelski Is a returned Klondiker and, it
Is said, made a fortune in his search for
gold. He is now a money broker at 14
Fifth street He and his wife intended
going to Oakland yesterday afternoon.
They were sitting in the parlor and Lu
belski's Prince Albert coat had been
thrown over the back of a chair while he
enjoyed a cigar. His wife had been in the
habit of allowing her diamonds to lie on
top of the bureau drawers in her bedroom
and recently he got her to make a cloth
bag, fill it with wadding and pui her dia
monds in it. She attached a string to it
and wore it around her nei k.
"Get yourself ready," said Lubelski to
his wife., "and I will go to the Orpheum
and g< t tickets for to-night." Mrs. Lu
belski took the bag of diamonds from her
neck and threw it on the chair where her
husband's coal was and went to the bath
room. Lubelski, after HnishlnK his cigar.
put (ai his coal and went to the Orpheum.
When he returned with the ticket!" h'«
wife was waiting for him in an exclttd
state. She told him she could noi and tne
bag with the diamonds. They searched
the room thoroughly, but could find no
trace of the bag. It occurred to them that
a sneak thief mlsht have entered ttr
• while Mrs. Lubelski was In the
bathroom after seeing Lubelski leave.
ii. ;ald he would go to police headquar
ters a nd report the case.
When he reached the corner of Hyde
street, where there is a watering trough,
he noticed a bag on the street close to
The trough. He eagerly picked it up. hut
amonds were gone and only the
wadding was left The Jewels consisted
nf a pair of solitaire diamond earrings
diamond brooch, sunburst pattern.
SI ■ fortunatelj had her rings on her
fingers.
I. belskl told the circumstances at po
lice headquarters and the suggestion wan
mad" thai when his wife threw the bag
n the eh ilr b< side his coat it might have
got attached to the coat without hi?
knowledge and while walking t" the Or
pheum it bad dropped to the ground and
been found by a i asserby, who t"<'k out
the diamonds and threw the empty bag
beside the trough, which is only about
thirty feel from his lnir.se. Lubelski
says tie will give a liberal reward to any
one who will return th»- diamonds, as they
were a wedding present from him to his
wife and an all the more valuable «n that
account
A Masonic Meeting.
I The committees appointed by the vari
ous lodges In the city to meet at the Ma-
I sonic Temple for the purpose of discuss-;
I ing Grand Lodge affairs met at 1 o'clock
! yesterday at the Temple. No organiza
j tion was perfected and after being in ses
j sion for a short while the meeting ad
■; journed to meet again next Thursday for
i permanent organization. The purpose of
I the meeting was not announced.
Stepped Off the Wrong Way.
William Farren, a wagon maker living
at :>" Harrison street, was riding on the
dummy 'if a I,:ir'.<in-streei ear yester
day afternoon, and when passing the City
Hall he stepped oft backward and his
head struck the cobbles with terrific
force. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Thompson stitched
and dressed an ugly wound on the back
of his head.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■
I Mrs. Barnard Thanks
MRS. PINKHAM FOR HEALTH. '
1 — —
[letter to Mas. pinkbam no. 18,092]
" Dear Friend — I feel it my duty to
express my gratitude and thanks to
you for what your medicine has done
for me. I was very miserable and los-
ing flesh very fast, had bladder trouble.
fluttering pains about the heart and
would get so dizzy and suffered with
painful menstruation. I was reading
in a, paper about Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, so I wrote to you
and after taking two bottles I felt like a
Dew person. Your Vegetable Compound
has entirely cured ire and I cannot
praise It enough." — Mrs. J. O. Barnajjd,
, Milltown, 'Washington Co., Me.
An lova Woman's Convincing Statement.
"I tried three doctors, and the last
i one said nothing but an operation
would help me. My trouble was pro-
fuse flowing; sometimes I would think
I would flow to death. I was so weak
that the least work would tire me.
Reading of so many being cured by
your medicine, I made up my mind to
write to you for advice, and I am so
glad that I did. I took Lyd'a E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound and Liver
Pills and followed your directions, and
am now well and strong. I shall recom-
' mend your medicine to all, for it saved
I my — Miss A. P., Box 21 Abbott,
lowa.
CLEANSING, /^k
BEAUTIFYING. 6*l
The grandest combination on IjKS» Jy
earth for cleansing:, purifying TV^SU £^
and beautifying the skin " ana V. -Vr-^
j complexion Is WOOD.BURY'B Facial Soap and
WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. No scientific
I truth was ever more wonderful than the result*
j accomplished by their uso In the toilet and
bath. Sold everywhere.
• ■ - - - "~"~ "*^
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
A MATINEE EVERT DAY!
GREAT BILL IN THE THEATER.
EDWARD LOWRY, Singer and Paradiat:
! the FLYING DANVARDS. Aerial Man-els;
j EUGENE HUGHES and MX A CREWS
HUGHES, In "A MATRIMONIAL SUBSTI-
TUTE," and a HOST OF NOVELTIES.
THURSDAY NIGHT, '
AMATEUR MAYPOLE DANCE
CHILDREN'S DAY SATURDAY.
Summer Trade is now at its very heighth. Hundreds of articles are in active demand. Goods
to wear at home- Goods for the seaside or the mountains. This sale is not !?or a day or an hour. It
wiil begin this morning with the opening of the doors and will gather in strength and volume day by
day. New lines will be added every morning to make this— our first Great Midsummer Sale— a pro-
nounced success.
One word more : Every statement made in our announcements is the plain truth. You may
expect the merchandise equal to the description. No better and no worse.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
.V\->deby ch*ver Eastern girls in light, airy
room-. Every stitch perfect.
Lot I—Gowns1 — Gowns in Emnire style, tucked
and stitcheJ. form ly 750 57c
Lot 2 — Several sm ill lots of Gowns to
clos-, fo-mrrlv ?; 79c
Lot 3 — Gowns with embroidery trim-
ming, lormerly $1.25 89c
Lot 4— Handsome Empire Gowns, lace
and emoroidrrv irimmed, formeriv
$1.50 $1.12
Lot s— Muslin Skirt?, with wide ruffl*,
formeriv 75c '. 57c
Lot 6 — Muslin Skirts, with tuckin? and
embroidery ruffl', formerly 5i 79c
Lot 7 — Muslin Skirts, umbrella sh t>?,
embroidery ruffl -, formerly 5i.25..59c
LADIES' KNIT UNDERWEAR.
Lot B— White anJ Ecru Swiss Ribbed
Vests 7c
Lot 9— White and E;ru Swiss Ribbed
Vf-ts, small and m-dium siz-s
only 9c
Lot ic — Silk Pi.ited Vests, white or av-
ender, small s'z-s on v 24c
HOSIERY.
Ladies' Imposed Cotton Hose, fine M 1 o
yarn, either tan or fast back, 1 >«id
value 16% C
Ladies' Cotton Hose, fast black, he..v.
weight, spliced heels and toes, an ex-
cellent article 12' i;C
Children's Ribbed Hose, fast black,
double knees, heels ;in.l toes, Rood for
hatd wear 12-.c
LITTLE ITEMS.
Dumbeli Lin.< Buttans, par Sc
Butcher K n i c, 6-inch blade, each 9c
Kncck-About W:it:h, to take to rhf
country, good time-keeper 85c
Briir Pipes, formerly 25c 10c
Dougherty's Bristol Playing C::rd;, -i.t
ed^e 15c
Tally Ho Cards 15c
Paper Tablet, satin wove, ruled, 12s
p.iges lOc
M/\RKET /\INO X/\YLOR STREETS.
AMUSEMENTS.
SECOND WEEK OF | I. AST SIX NIGHTS,
the peason. i MAT. SATURDAY.
Charles Frohman pre- Henry Arthur Jones'
Rents Mr. brilliant comedy,
HFNRY "the
Mil I FR LIARS'
Ml; bn
IV I I Bn(Lla8 I Next Monday An-
. thony Hope's romantic
and a comedy.
SPECIAL The Adventure of
COMPANY, the Lady Ursula.
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
AN IMMEDIATE AND UNIQUE SUCCESS.
JAPAN BROUGHT TO AMERICA.
MR. OTTO KAWAKAMI
AND
MADAME YACCO,
Supported by Twenty-five Rising Japanese Ac-
tors and Actresses.
REPERTOIRE OF SKETCHES:
SAYAATE (The Duel)), DOJOJI (The Tem-
ple of Dojoji). KUSUNOKI (The Battle of Mi-
nato River and (Cusunoki's Farewell to His
Son)), MIHO-NO-MATSUBARA (Dewey Day
Celebration on the Pine-fringed Shores of
Mlho).
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
RESERVED SEATS -Orchestra, $1 50 ami $1;
Balcony, Tide to %\\ Gallery, 23c; Boxes. $10.
SEATS NOW ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE.
ALCAZAR ™
THIS MONDAY NIGHT
AND DURING ENTIRE WEEK,
The Eminent American Actor,
MR. LEWIS MORRISON,
Supported by
Florence Roberts and White Whittlesey,
In a Magnificent Production of
RICHELIEU !
Next week, "FREDERICK THE GREAT."
ALHAMBRA THEATER,
Corner Eddy and Jones . Streets.
S. H. FRIEDLANDER. Manager.
Trie LamUarOi Graft Italiai Opera Company
TO-NIGHT— By Request,
LUCIA.
Tuesday "GIACONDA"
Wednesday "RIGOLF.TTO"
Thursday "THE MASK HALL"
Friday  ......"MANON LESCAUT"
(First Appearance of SIGNOR PETROVICH
Tenor.)
Saturday Matinee "LUCIA"
Saturday "GIACONDA"
Sunday "MIGNON"
RESERVED Seats. 2r.c, 50c, 7Bc, $1.00 and
$1.50. on sale ut the Albambra and at Sherman
Clay & Co.'s.
V? CONCERTS;: AND RESORTS^ "
I?r|4-4-Ip vxaaanßEßßssßßsni
UclLllv GREAT REALISTIC
q, WAR PANORAMA!
(IT Prof W. G. ROLLINS,
the eminent orator
l|y| --». »-, 2I « lectures half hourly.
iYlfirHlcl Market Ft., nr. Eighth.
Admission, 50c.
Bay! -™^—
BUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc.
Bathing, Including Admission, 25c; Children, 20c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOMESTIC SPECIALS.
CORDED LAWNS, white and col-
ored grounds, attractive patterns
yard 3c
FIGURED LAWNS, fancy designs,
Kood cloth, 31 inches wiJe; much
Ivlow value yard 5c
WHITE GOODS— White Veined
Lawns and Checked Nainsooks,
choic; for ladies' and children's
wear yard 10c
BLEACHED COTTON CRASH,
a nice soft quility for kitchen us-
and roller towels yard 4c
SILESIA, a splendid lining for out-
ing sui.-, all colors yard 7c
DRESS GOODS SPECIAL.
Colored Frencn Beiges, 36 inches
wiJe, pure wool, the best colors
only— 4 shades of gray, several
tans and a number of two-i.oned
effects — the regular 50c quality
yard 25c
PORTIERES.
New Portieres in Oriental and Per-
sian designs, fringe on tnp .-snd
bottom $2.10 pair
BLANKETS.
Ten quarter Silver Gray Blankets,
wool and cotton mix a d, a good
camping blanket $1.68 pair
Slumber Robes, fancy Roman
stiipes, sze 58x80 85c cich
HAMMOCKS.
Mexican Grass Hammock, rope
ed-e, 6-frot body 50c
Cotton Hammock, closely woven,
Hili colored, complete with stretch-
• r , body 6 loo" 6 inches 65c
Hammock as above with stretche 1 -*;,
li.'ow and frif.ee 75c
AMUSEMENTS.
MELVILLE and STETSON,
' Character Vocalists and Dialect Impersonators.
WM. M. CRZ-SSY and BLANCH OAYNE
In "Grasping an Opportunity."
FRANCES* REDDING,
Assisted by
CARLTON MACT,
In "the Duchess of Devonshire."
TACIANU, HANLEY AND JARVIS, WART-
ENBURG BROS., FRED NIJ3LO and
McAVOY AND MAY.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs «nd Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOL [OPERA-HOUSE.
ONE WEEK ONLY.
MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 19th.
Magnificent revival of Offenbach's Merriest and
Most Tuneful Opera,
The BRIGANDS
"WE ALWAYS COME WHEN 'TIS TOO
LATE."
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY!
PICTURESQUE COSTUMES!
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Next the Society Event— O'SULLI-
VAN, in the Romantic Comic Opera,
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN."
PKICIIS 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9
GRAND OPE R A HOUSE
TELEPHONE 532.
THIS EVENING
Planquette's delightful opera,
THE CHIMES of NORMANDY
OUR NEW PRICES:
Entire Orchestra (Reserved) 315 c and sOc
Entire Dress Circle (Reserved) ::*»<;
Entire Family Circle (Reserved) 15c
Gallery A Oe
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:15.
; Best Reserved Seat in the House 25c
: Family Circle (Reserved) 15c
Gallery lOc
Branch box office just inside main entrance
Emporium.
" ItAILKOAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN-
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
j TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
! FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
I FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
[ EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
I REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
KATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. *a
MARKET ST. t TELEPHONE, Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
BAST JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street.
SPECIAL SALE OF
WASH DRESS SKIRTS
Lot I—Linen1 — Linen Color Crash Skirts.... j
39c
Lot2-P;que Dress Skircs — back,
navy 0 whi c 48c
Lot 3— White Pique Skirts, w-l-d ;
yearns 69c
Lot 4— White Duck or Pique Skirt«,
blue land trimming .....75c
, Lot s— Crash Skirts, heavy an f me-
dium w. uht 90c
Children's Reefer Jackets. !
Our en ire stock on saie. Four j
; prices hav(* been made. Some of the 1
j styles ages 2to 5 years only. Other !
j styles are from 6to 12 year-;. All j
j garments are cut and made in lattst
style.
i Lot 6— Navy, red, light bin .$1.90
' Lot 7— Green, light b u% red j
i $2.75
! Lot B— Royal, cardina 1 , navy, preen,
wine $3.85
Lot g-Royal cardinal $4.90
; PILLOW-CASE MUSLIN.
I Bleached Pillow Casing, a standard
cotton, 45 inches wide, b°lo\v the
mill price 6 l 4 c yard
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
Co'ored Bosom L<r<:ss Shirts, sepa-
rate cuffs 55c
Golf Shirts in checks and stripes,
separate cuff?, tcrmerly as hi?h as
75c and $1 55c
Madras Club Ties, the I2^c grad*...
5c
White Sivrts and Drawers, nearly
all wool, formerly ?i....68c eacn
Vi in t Shirts and Drawers, good
quality 43c each
Working Shires of bla;k heavy
twilled doth with white stripes....
50c each
', Suspenders, wire buckle anJ grip
back 15c each
; Neckwear — Tecks and Four in-
Hands, good patterns. ..l4c each
1 Sweaters, heavy weight, navy, ma-
roon, black 58c each i
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN SY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN . FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN ir'RANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK. DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:31, i
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trta ',
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at l.'at j
ana 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11.00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:80.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:41,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at !
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:08, |
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetzen Park !
(Mime schedule as above.
Leave 1 Arrive
Ban yranclsco. I In Effect Ban Francisco.
. April 16, . ■ ■-
Week Sun- I 1899. ' Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am, 8:40 am I
1:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 an
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton,
1:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ia
Healdsburr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:36 pm 8:20 pa
T:3O ami Hopland and 10:25 am I
1:30 pmj 8:00 am Uklah. 7:85 pm 6:20 pm j
1:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Ouerneville. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pmj 5:60 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
T:SO am 8:00 am Sebastopol. JO :40 am 10:25 am I
1:30 pm 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Stagps connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skagg*
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
KeUeyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Spring* at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
Hue-knell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville.
Boonevllle, Philo, Christine. Soda Spring!,
Kavarro. WhitPsbnro. Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg;
Westport. Usal. Wllllttf, Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng'g. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, ]
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at ;
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bldg: |
H C WHITING, R. X. RYAN. j
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
KQRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauoalit* Perry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. •.
WEEK DAYS— *8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.:
•1:46, 3:10, 4:00, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *9:00, •10:00. -11:00, 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00, I'M. »2:30, »4:00, 5:3). 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (♦) run to San Quen'.ln.
PROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »6:40, 7:55. 8:40, »10:20
a. m. 12:30. 2:15. »3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *S:00, *9:45, *10:43, »11:45
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, '3:30, •5:15, '6:00, 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked '•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55, 8:55. 10:35
a, m.; 12:35, 2:45, 4:53, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS 'on Mondays, Wednesdays |
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 12:05. j
1:20. 2:40, 3:53. 5:30. 6:3 ft. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns. i
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns. :
5:15 p. m. week days ' (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAy
Leave San Francisco, via sausaliiu ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. iii., Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, S, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4 p. in
1 Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Af dts.. 621 Market st.
FLOWERS.
Corn Flowers, Cherne<=, Lilacs, Panties,
D:isies, Violets, Foliage, Roses and
Poppi.'s; mjny styles and colors, si! of
this season's patterns; former prices
from 25c to 50c bunch 15c
MILLINERY MATERIALS.
Accordion Pbited Chiffon nnd Fancy
Gauzes very much reduced in rrice'-uii-
ablefor outing hats)...yd 25canJ sOc
UNTRIMMED HATS.
About 400 Hats, all shapes and colors,
inclu ing Leghorns each 25c
INFANTS' BONNETS,
A lar^e lot of Muli Bonnets, includine a
sample line slightly soiled 15c
TRIMMED HATS.
Splendid Trimmed Hats at... $2 and $5
The styles and values will surprise you.
LADIES' NECKWEAR.
Neckwear Somewhat Soiled by Window
Display to be Sold at Half Price.
Velvet Collars 5c
Stock Collars, with bow 15c
Pique Stock Collars, chiffon b0w. ...25c
Velvet Fronts with Stock Collar 25c
RIBBONS.
Lot 1—3% inches wide, all silk., yard 16c
Lot 2— 3?i inches wiie, all silk, with
draw string yard 19c
Lot 3 — yi inches wide, all silk, with
polka dot yard 18c
Lot 4— i^-inch Black Velvet Ribbon,
satin back yard 12!ic
Lo; 5— 2-inch Black Velvet Ribbon, satin
back yard 15c
Lot 6— 3-inch Black Velvet Ribbon, satin
back yard 25c
TRAY COVERS.
Tray Covers stamped in floral desiens,
size 17x26 12'i-c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CO9IPANT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* Irate uml nre line to nrrlre at
KAN I'ltlM'lM'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lbave — From June 1, 1899. — arbivb
7:00 a Benida, Suisun and Sacramento.... 5:-15p
T:OOa. Marysville, OroTilleaud Heddiug via
Woodland St-ISp
7:00 a. Elmira, Vacavillo and Hunisey 8:13p
7:BUa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallcjo, Kapa,
Calis toga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
8:00 a Atlantic Kiprets, Ogdeii and East.. 8:«p
»:!lOa Halt Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
love, Sacramento, Placerrille,
MarjsTillc Chico. lted IHutr 4tlßp
SiUOa •Milton, OakiUleand Honora 4:l. r >p
9:OOa Hayrrards. Kiles and Way Stations. 1 1:45 a
O:0Oa Martinez. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Mcrctd nd Fresno ' 12t13p
•iOOa Fresno, BakersUeld, Santa Durham,
Los Angeles, Demlog, El Paso.
New Orleans and East 6:45
1«:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:4.»p
1 1 :OOa Haywards. Niles and Way Stations. 2: lip
1 2:O0k Kilet, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Porterrille 4 : 1 .1 f
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stenmers "StOOp
8:00p Haywards, Niles aad Way Stations. 6 :43p
4:OOr Martiucz, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Nona, CaUstogA, Santa Rosa «ils*
4ioor Bcnicia, VacaTille, Sacramento,
Wood and, Knights Landing,
MaryaTillo, OroTille 10:45 a
4i3OpKUes, San Jobo and Stockton 7:13p
4:30p Yoeemita Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
s:OOpTho OwL Tracy, Fresno, BJkers- .
field, Sau£C3 for Santa Barbara, '
Los Angeles 9:4Sa
5:80p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13p
O:3Up Martinez, Tracy, Mendoti, Fresno,
Mnjaro and i.os Aiißeles 8:43 a
StSor Hnnta l'o ltouto, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo anil East 0:43p
O:0Or Kuroponn Mail, i)g>lon and I"-a«t 9:43 a
G:OOp llayirards, Niles and Kan Joso 7:43 a
•6:o<»i> Vr.llejo 12:1.
7:O(M> Orcgou Kxprpas.Hacrnmento, Marys*
villo. Redding, I'ortlauil, I'uget
Boiiudiind Mast 7i4SA
%*t**r Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta-
tIOM tiOstyor
COAST DIVISION (NarroiT (inuzc).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:45a Santa Cniz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations |8:03»
■ 8: 1 5a Newark, Uentcrvillc. San Joss, F#lton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oniz and Way
Stations 3:30p
2:13p Newark, Centcrvillo, San Jose, New
•Alm&den, Felton, Boulder Creek-,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M6:3«a
4iliVp San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a
MilspFeltou, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tionß /OtgaA,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
JromSAi; NUKCI3CO— Feet of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 9:00 ll:0Oi.M. Jl:00 *2:00 {3:08
•1:00 JB:0O '6:03 ; V.
Fr(nnoiE!.4»o— r«l«r ßread w«j.— 'C-.00 8:00 10:O0a.U.
tl2-C0 '1:00 t3:CO '3:03 ti:PO -3:Q3r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsoml SU)
•0:IOa Ocean View, South San FraaciEco.. # 0:30p
•7:0Oa Han Joso nml Way Stations (New
Alinailcn Wednesdays only) 1.30*
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Joso,
Santa Cruz. Piidfij GroTo and
Principal Way Stations :B:S3f
0:00 a Huh Jose, Trea Pi 110.1, Haata Cruz,
Paclllo (JroTe, Paso )£<il>lcs, San
Luis Oliispa. Cfusdalupc, Sun and
Principal Way Stations 4:lOp
lOUOa Ban Joso And Wny Stations »S:«Oa
1I:3Oa San Jose ami Way Stations B:3O»
•a:43rBan Matro, Redwood, Mcclo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gllrof, Uollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
(iron. 1 *IO:3«»
•»:noi- San Jose and W:iy Stations «O:«Oa
• l:13r San Joso am! Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:O0p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
3:30p San Joso ami Principal Way Stations "8:334
«::{(![> San Jose ami WayStatious 7:30»
fll:4.~>[- San Joso ami Way Stations 7:30?
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. '
• Sunday eicppred. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
(Saturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run aa followsi
South-bound. North-bound.
Paasen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday per.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd ( Dally.
T:IO am 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pml 6:00 prn
• :10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 prn 4:13 pmj
10:40 am 0:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:3S am 7:45 pm Hanrord 7:4.". am 1:45 pro
X:26 pm 12:30 am Bakersflold 2:00 am 1 11:00 an»
11:69 am 0:25 pm. Vtaalla ' 1:40 am 1:22 pm
11:10 pmi 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am! 1:05 prn
Stopping: at intermediate points aa required.
For particulars of stace and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 121 Mark»l
\tntt Ban Francisco. - -
56
WON WHEN THEY
OUGHT TO HAVE
BEEN SHOT OUT
Locals Presented With
a Game.
OAKLANDS WENT TO PIECES
MOSKIMAN AND FITZPATRICK
HAD A PITCHERS' DUEL.
♦
The Dudes Batted Out the Morn
ing 1 Gnme at Golden
Gate in the First
s Inning.
After losing 1 a slugging contest. with the
Oaklands at Golden Gate yesterday
morning the FVlscob won out a game In
the afternoon In which they should never
have tallied. ore, 5 to 2.
The Dudes piled up a total of six errors,
although the official averages will wipe
one of Sctimeer's bungles out and Increase
Sullivan's batting by one hit. The con
test at Recreation Park, despite Oakland's
misdeeds^ was replete with sensational
llelding and kirks, while the box work of
Fitzpatrlck and Mosklman was about a
standoff, the fireman being found for one
hit more than his opponent, but he also
struck out one more man. Neither pitcher
jrave a base on balls nor hit a batsman.
Hank Harris failed to make good his
ngreement with .). Cal. Ewlng to don
a uniform and coach his team. When the
critical : period arrived and Hank was
given a uniform, he passed it up. Some
Miy that his feet reached the temperature
of ic«> cream; others that the baseball
shoes provided' for him were not built on
The right lines, for comfort; but whatever
It was. Hank will entertain a party at
dinner next Wednesday night, for Swing
came out on the diamond looking like the
treasurer of a hand organ combination.
Fully SOW people witnessed the frame, of
whom a considerable portion ought to
have been ejected from the grounds for
their insults to Captains I-ange and i ('Neil
and Umpire Cahill. Captains have a per
fect right to question any decision they
may consider wrong} and argue the point,
and the umpire, while he may make mis
taken, gives his decisions as he sees them.
All are entitle! to fair treatment, and the
management should accord it to them.
The locals opened up the entertainment
with a brace of tallies, both Kifts from
their opponents' Pyne led off with a
grounder to imi er and was sad on the
wondt-r's error. King followed with an
Infield bunt, but nobody could get it In
time. Then Kile> sent one to Peeples,
forcing Krug at second base, Sehmeer
completing a double play by nipping Josh
at first, Pyne going to third. Sullivan hit
i.. Lange, who made a skyrocket throw
to first letting I'yne home and Sully
around to third, rom where he scored on
i lilderbrandt's single.
Frisco's last bunch of tallies was
picked in the seventh. Johnson being re- |
sponsible for them all. It was this way:
After Sullivan had been fielded out at
first by Lange, Hilderbrandt laced out a '■
double to left. Mulle.r'B out at first placed
him on third. Then O'Neil, who had a !
barrel of fun with some corking good I
things coining over on the boat rattled
Johnson and won the game Foxy Tip
hit to Peeples and as fielded out at first
by ten feet: but Tip, while still running:,
tailed to •'thill to watch Johnson. The
latter lost his head, and having stepped
off the bag, made a jab to put O'Neil out, i
missed him. and Cahill. taking the mo- j
tion as an admission that the runner was I
not out in the first place, called him safe. I
Swindells and F'ltzpatriek followed with !
a brace of doubles, scoring l [ilderbrandt ;
and O'Neil. Swindells coming home on
Fitz's smash, and all after the side had
been retired.
Four hits were all the Oaklands could
pet off Fitz up to the ninth Inning, but i
they landed on him then good and plenty, j
and had not the other members of the j
team come to his rescue, and by every
trick and device, Including a fake Injury
by Hilderbrandt, delayed the game until :
the fireman could get back his nerve, they •
might have won out. Schmeer opened i
with •■■ double and scored on a duplicate
shot by Shea, who broke Into the game In ;
the titli Inning when Hammond hurt his j
band and had to reire. Dunleavy's single :
put Shea over the plate, at which Khz be- i
came visibly rattled. But before he could !
sustain further damage his associates ral- i
lifd to his rescue, and aft« all bands had i
indulged In a talking match for five mln- j
mep Hilderbrandt suddenly discovered j
that he ■ id hurt his leg. or was coming j
down with measles, or something, and ten |
minutes more were consumed in watching j
his antics. This gave the man with the |
hose a chance to rest, and the game was i
soon ended.
Oakland won the morning game in the
first inning, when seven hits, Including a
pair of doubles, an error and a wild pitch,
netted six runs. After that Iberg stead
ied down and allowed only four hits.
Frisco also did some slugging in the
fifth, when five hits, including a homer
and a triple, secured five tallies. With
the bases full. Shea gave way to Mos
kiman. who # nnished the game, a hit off
him giving one more run in that inning.
Oakland's last run came in that inning,
when Dunleavy put the ball over the
fence for the circuit. Frisco's run In the
third was due to a base on balls, a passed
ball and two singles. Following are both
scores:
MORNING GAME.
OAKLAND
AB. H. BH SB. PO. A. E.
Bchmeei s. a 5 1 2 0 3 3 2
Hammi nd c 4 1 l o 6 2 0
1 >unleaA ... if 4 2 2 0 3 l d
1 ioni van, c f 4 1 l o 1 0 0
Lan**. 3 b 4 0 0 (' 4 2 0
Peeples, 2 b 4 l 0 o 3 4 0
Johnson, 1 h 4 12 0 8 12
Hardle, r. f 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
;> 2 0 1 0 0 li 0
■.in, p 1 0 0 0 0 2 0
dg 36 7 11 0 27 15 ~4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. X BH. SB. PO. A. P..
Pynp. c. f .", 0 n 0 2 0 ft
KruK. !-» v 1 2 0 3 1 2
Riley, 3 b r, o l o i ?, o
Sullivan. 1 b "■12070 0
Hilderbrandt, r. f... 3 I 2 1 2 0 0
Muller, 1. f .112 0 4 0 0
,2b 5 0 1 0 0 0 0
Swindells, c 4 0 10 4 0 0
Iberg, ). 3 l 1 n i i o
.Is 4*t 5 1? 1 24 5 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINOB.
•1 6 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 •— 7
Base hits 7 ii o 0 l l o 2 • n
Francisco o " l " 4 o o 0 0 3
hits l i, 2 1 6 i) 1 0 I—l 2
SUMMARY.
reap mslble for [berg 4. Shra 3. Mos
klman. 1. Home runs Sullivan. Dunleavy.
hits Hilderbrandt, Muller. Two-
Las.- hits Krug, Bchmeer, Donovan. First base
■rs Sun FranclßCO 2. Oakland 2. First
n called balls— San Francisco 3. (inkland
• Left on bases s.-m Francisco 12, Oakland fi
Struck mil -Bj Hxtk. *. b> Moskiman, '.'. lilt
b> pitcher Swindells. Double play- Kru« to
Sullivan Passed ball— Hammond. Wild
pitches Iberg, Shea. Time of game— l liour
Hnd SO minutes. Umpire- «'ahlll. 11. g j|r-
Farlin— Official Scorer.
AFTERNOON GAME.
PAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R ]:]] SB. PO. A E
Pyne, c. f 4 l 0 •» 2 I i
Krug, s s 4 0 2 0 5 4 i)
3 b 4-0 0 0 0 4 o
Sullivan, lii 4 i o o 14 o o
•■ randt, r. f.. 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
Muller. 1 f 4 0 0 0 10 0
< i Neil. 2 b 3 1 0 0 0 4 0
Swindells, c 4 110 2 0 0
trick, p 3 0 1 o 2 6 o
It 34 E 6 0 27 18 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B
Sri meer, s. ■ 4 1 1 o 6 5 2
Hammond, c 2 0 0 0 12 0
[Juntoavy, I. f. &c. 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
I "m. \an, c. f 4 0 1 0 2 1 a
I.nnßp. :ib 3 0 0 1 o 3 1
1,2b40 2 0 1 2 0
Ji hnson, 1 h 3 0 o 0 14 ] •>
■ . r. f 3 0 1 0 0 0 1
Moskiman, p 3 0 0 ft 2 8 0
Bhea, I. f 2 110 0 0 0
Total* 32 2 7 1 27 22 6
RTNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Pan Francisco 2 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 o—s
Bas«> hits 2 » 1 0 0 0 S 0 o—6
Oakland -..0 0 0 0 0 0 0 n 2—2
Bcse hits 0 110 10 10 3—7
SUMMARY
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatriek. 2. Two
base hits— Peeples, Hil<lerl>ran<lt. Swindells',
Pitzpatrl.k, Schmeer. Shea. Sacrifice hits—
< ■ 'NVil, I,an«e. First base on errors— San Wnn
clsco, 5; Oakland. I. Left on liases— Son Fran
cisco, 3: Oaklnnd, 3. Struck out— By Fitzpat
r!ck\ 2; by Mosklman. 1. Double plays— Peeples
to Schmeer to Johnson; Mosklman to Pchraeir
to Johnson: Mosklman to Hammond to
Schmeer; Fitzpatriek to Krug to Sullivan;
Klley to Km* to Sullivan. Time of same— l:4o.
Umpire— Cahill. Btapleton, official scorer.
ANOTHER VICTORY FOR
SAN JOSE.
WATSONVIL.L.B, June 18.— The Pan
Jose Prune Pickers plucked another vic
tory from the Sugar B^rts to-day. l'i>
to the sixth inning the score was 1 to 0
In favor of the Meets. Only one hit had
been made made off Whelan and he had
fanned out six San Joseans. But in the
sixth he fell a victim to Chief Bnrchers'
coaching and the Prune Picker? piled up
three runs. Although the Beets played
hard ball in the last three Innings, they
were unable to overcome the big lead
their opponents secured In the unlucky
sixth. Great baseball was put up by both
clubs yesterday and to-day and the um
piring: •>( Rube Levy whs highly satisfac
tory. Score:
SAN JOSE.
AH R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McGucken, cf 4 0 0 1110
Graham, rf 3 1 2 0 2-0 0
Anderson, 2b 4 1 1 0 5 3 l
Pnlrymple. If 4 110 3 0 0
llanlnn. lb 4 0 1 0 S 0 1
CTDea, 3b 4 0 2 2 1 0 1
I,eake. us 3 0 0 0 0 1 "
Borcbers, i> 3 0 0 0 2 2 ft
Kent, c 4 0 0 0 5 2 0
K Totals 33 3 7 3 27 9 3
WATSONVII,L,E.
AH. R. BIT. SI! TO. A. E.
Brookhoff. 3b 4 <> 1 0 3 2 1
McCarthy, ss 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Courtney, cf 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
P»lna. Hi 4 0 1 (i C 0 '■
Morrow, cf 4 0 2 0 7 1 0
Plake, 21 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Hayes. If 2 1 0 0 1 0 0
Rice, rf 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
vVhelan, p 3 0 0 0 111
Totals 32 ~2 ~5 0 24 1 3
RUNS AND HITS BY IXXIXGP.
Watsonville 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—2
Has* hits 1 0 10 0 0 10 2—5
San Jo«e 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 •— 3
Base hits 0 0 0 10 4 11 •— :
SUMMARY.
Runs resnonsllile for— Whelan 3. First base
on errors Wataonvllle 2. San .fuse i. Two-base
hits -Courtney, Hanlon. Bases on — Wat
sonvllle 1. San Jose 3. Hit by pitcher— lyeake.
Struck out— By Whelan 6. by Borohers 5. I>eft
on bases -WBtsnnvllle 4. Sun Jose 10. Passed
ball— Kent. Wild pitch— Whelan. Time of
— 1:45. Umpire— Levy. Scorer— Feckham.
SENATORS GET ANOTHER.
SACRAMENTO. Junp 18.— Sacramento
took another gamo from Santa <'ruz to
day. The game was a lons-wlnded affair,
lastinp two and a quarter hours. Doyle
j and Donlln were both batted out of the
box. the former being relieved by Har
vey and the latter by Devereaux. The
feaUire? of the grnme were a double play
by Williams and Clarke and home runs
by Mcl,außhlin and Btulz. After the
' game Pace, the Santa Cruz catcher,
mixed tilings with Umpire CVConnell on
' account of a decision which he did not
lik". O'Connell received a jolt in the neck
and Pace's eye was put in mnurnlnp. The
! latter came around with a hatchet a few
minutes later, but an officer took a hand
In the game and Pace was jailed. Score:
BACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. PH PC. A. E.
T>ennie. rf 1 1 0 0 0 n o
1 Harvey, rf & p 4 0 1 0 2 1 1
lKiyle. p& lb 4 1 0 0 5 2 1
' Eaeran. Ps 3 2 1 0 3 1 1
Stanley, c 4 2 3 0 6 2 n
Shanahan. lh A cf.. 4 1 2 0 8 0 0
Mfl.nu(?hltn, If 4 2 10 0 10
I StuU. 2b 5 2 3 0 2 4 2
Sheehan, 3b 5 0 1 0 1 1 2
Totals 34 11 12 0 27 12 7
SANTA CRtTZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. 2b o 1 1 0 3 3 0
Donlln. p & 3b 5 110 110
1 >evereatix, 3b & p.. 3 0 1 0 3 2 0
II. r*. c. 5 2 2 <) 6 1 0
Clarke, lb 5 l 1 o 8 0 1
Stn»lb. If 4 2 2 0 2 10
; Drennan. cf 4 1 3 0 2 0 0
X I oilier, ss 401124H
: Bui-rp. rf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 41 8 12 1 27 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sarramento 0 0 0 0 2 4 13 I—ll
i Base hits 0 0 1 0 3 4 2 1 I—l 2
Santa Cnw o 25100000— s
j Base hits 0 3 5 1 1 1 0 1 o—l2
6UMMARY.
Run* resDonslble for— Doyle C, Donlln 9.
Home runs— McLaughlin. Stulz. Three-base
, hit— Strelb. Two-base hits— Drennan. .Stanley,
Stulz. First baa* on errors— Sacramento 1,
I Santa Cruz i. First base on balls— Off Donliri
|9, off Devereaux 1. Left on bases— Sacramento
9, Senta Cruz fi. Struck out— By Doyle 2. by
Harvey 3, by Donlln 5. Double play— Donlln
to Pace to Devereaux. Passed ball — Pace
Wild pitch— Donlin. Time— 2:lo. Umpire—
O'Connell.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JTNE 19, 1899.
DEAN'S DOGS
DIVIDED THE
CHAMPION STAKE
Contest of Gladiator
and Connemara.
FAST HARES AND GOOD SPORT
«.
PACIFIC DERBY FOR PUPPIES
WENT TO LADY CLAIRE.
Lady Emma Captured the Reserve
Stake With Lowe & Thomp
son's Patria the Run
ner-Up.
J. Dean'? great black dogs, Connemara
and Gladiator, divided ;he ladies' i iy
champion stake at Union Coursing Park
yesterday, defeating the pick of the local
greyhounds. Tiider the rules of coursing
it was not necessary for the dogs to run
the final course. Their owner elected to
send them to the slips, although first and
second money had already been won by
them.
Mr. Dean wished to win the final with
Connemara, his favorite hound. 'Die la
dies of his family, however, and many of
the spectators wanted Gladiator to win
and shouted encouragement to him (hiring
the winning of the course. Gladiator led
from the slips, but Connemara gradually
Well Known Coursing Men Often Seen on the Local Fields.
drew up to him until they ran like a '■
double team. Gladiator secured the first
' turn, to the evident delight of his sup
porters. Connemara was then placed and
worked the hare for a number of turns.
The hare was both fast and strong and |
I led the dogs clean across the field, suc
i cumbing linally after a desperate struggle
for life. The red flag went up, signaling
another victory for Connemara.
The hares were carefully selected for
; tin- champion stake and furnished great
sport. They swerved on several occasions,
thereby favoring some of the dogs. War
ship, the fast San Jose dog, which won |
. the stake last Sunday, met Connemara in
the first round. He led to the hare, show- !
ing great speed. The hare swerved to |
| Connemara; and the latter ran up a win- :
: ning score, his greater experience telling
against i he young dog.
The final of the reserve stake resulted
in a rattling race between Patria and
i Lady Emma. The latter led to the hare, .
which then favored Patria. She scored
many points and the Bhort-enders, who
had played her. commenced to cheer.
Their joy was short-lived, as Emma ]
scored sufficient points to win, and then I
killed.
A number of short-enders won during
' the day. Conqueror at 2 to 3 defeated
Sweet Lips: Lady Emma beat Eleven Spot
at 3 to 5; Ski beat Pastime after a long,
1 twisting course, Ski being a 3 to .', short
ender; Lady Emma put out Mac's Melody,
, 1 to 2; Conqueror beat St. Elmo at 3 to 5;
, Innisfallen beat Candelaria at 1 to 2: Pa
, tria disposed of Kid McCoy at Ito 2%.
The attendance was unusually large and
: the sport throughout thy day of excellent
quality. The results in detail follow:
Ladies' day champion stake— Georse Whit
ney's Theron beat Lowe .v Thompson's St
i • irin. J. Dean's Connemara beat P. .1. Relliy's
i Warship; .1. Dean's Gladiator beat .T. H. Ros
i ) slter'e Metallic; Handy & smiths Sylvanus, a
i bye.
Second round— Connemara beat Theron; Glad
i lator beat Bylvanus.
i Final- Connemara beat Gladiator.
Pacific Derby stake, lirst round— B. M, Kel
'. loss's lowa Maid b"-at 11. Lynch' a Lexington;
; J. 11. Perlgo'a Bohe beat D. .1. Healey's For
Glory; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Master Claire
beat Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant; D. J.
! Healey's Lad] Claire beat J. T. Mooneyes Silent
i Treasure.
I Second round— Bohe beat lowa Maid; Lady
' Claire beat Master Claire.
Final round— Lady Claire beat Bohe.
Reserve stake F. A. MeComb'a One Spot beat
' J. Kerrigan's Lalla Rookh; .1. P. Thrift's For
' give beat George Ehmann's Said Pasha; K. M.
j Kellosg's Kid McCoy beat A. Johnson's I
Mountain Beauty; Kay & Tram's Innisfallen
• beat J. Seggerson's Candelaria; H. A. Deck- I
! ' elman's Old Glory beat F. A. McComb's Little. :
i Joker; Lowe ft Thompson's Patria beat I. F.
Halton's Tic Tup: J. O'Dowd's Scout beat F.
Moran'i Flying Faster; Handy & Smith's Twin
; City Girl beat Chella & GalTney'R Snapshot;
I John Kerrigan's Conqueror beat Fred Herring's |
St. Elmo: .1. .T. Warren's Sweet Lips beat Den
nis & Porter's October Woodcock; Bartels '
" ! Bros.' Mac's Melody beat John Maher'a Safe- j
, 1 guard: D. Ford's Bontta beat D. J. Ilealey's
. Maggie X; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady
' Emma beat Hurley & Welly's Master Mat; J.
'■ Byrnes' Kleven Spot beat E. M. Kellogg's Lady |
■ | Gllmore; Rlncon Kennels' Ski beat J. Con
. nell's Senorita: George H. Burflend's Pastime i
', beat T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle.
Second round — Forgive beat One Spot; Kid
' McCoy beat Innisfallen; Patrla beat Old Glory;
> Twin City Girl beat Scout; Conqueror beat
Sweet Lips; Mac's Melody beat Mangle X;
' Lady Emma beat Eleven Spot; Ski beat Pas
-1 : time.
Third round— KM McCoy beat Forßlve; Patria
beat Twin City Girl: Mac's Melody beat Con
qunrnr; Lady Kmmn brat Ski.
Fourth round— Patria b<>at Kid McCoy; Lady
Emma beat Mac's Melody.
Kinal round— Lady Emma heat Patria.
John Grace, the most popular and wide
ly respected coursing official on the coast,
is ill. He is confined to his home, but not
to his bed.
Her Grace Won.
LOS ANGELES, June 18.— coursing
programme at Agricultural Park to-day
consisted of two stakes, a special eight
dog puppy stake and a twenty-four dog 1
stake.
In the first event Her Grace won first
money, with .laler second.
In the second event St. Gertrude won
first money, with Stella X second, Clover
Leaf third, the rest divided.
The rabbits ran strong: and long courses
were common. Some of the dogs suffered
from the heat in the middle of the day.
The attendance was only fair.
.»
Big Dog Stake at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, June 18.— In the coursing
here to-day Cross Patch and Wheel of
Fortune divided first money. It was a
sixty-four-dog stake, the largest ever
run here.
PIGEON SHOOT AT INGLESIDE
M. 0. Feudner Wins Championship
Medal From "Duke Heidelberg-."
M. O. Feudner won the Olympic live
bird challenge medal from "Duke Hei
delberg" at the Ingleside rangp yesterday,
in the course of the monthly shoot of the
California Wing Shooting Club. Feudner,
the chalienger, killed every one of twenty
birds, although one fell dead out of
bounds, making his score, nineteen In
twenty. His opponent was in poor form,
and after srorlnp ten out of thirteen he
quit. Both were entered in the California
<.'lul> Bhoot, and their scores for twelve
liirds were allowed to count in that event.
Two matches of six birds each, for good
purses, were also shot off. Following are
the scores for the day. Feudner's and
Heidelberg's being included in the first:
CALIFORNIA WING SHOOTING CLUB.
M. O. Feudner 1 22*1222222 2—12
•'HeiclelberK 11 2 2 2 0 2 2 0 12 2 2 1—1"
C. C. N'auman 1 1122111222 2—12
"Slade" 1 12 11111111 2—12
L. D. Owens 2 <M ft 1 2 1 1 1 2 1 2— lo
A. M. Shlfl.ls 1 2212 111211 I—l 2
F. Vornon 1 210102 10 10 2—B
A. Koos 1 2 • n 1 1 1 • 2 1 1 1— 9
i l . A. H;;ig!it 221222 <> 22 1 2 I—ll
.1 Jackson 2 1121*001222—9
"Hart" 2 o • 2 0 1 l <) l l o o— 6
".lulin^nn" 2 2*12200222 I—9
J. Jackson, back Bcore.l l»001212»2 2— 9
•■.Tamos 11 1 0 0 • 1 • 2 2 2 2 1 1— 8
•—Died out of bounds.
FIRST FOOT,.
Haight, C. A 2 2 2 2 2 I—6
"Slade" 2 n l 2 2 i-r.
Jackson. T 0 2 2 2 ft fi— :s
Thomklns, s 1 2 1 • • I— 4
"Jain. F 1 110 2 2—5
Feudner M. O 2 2 112 I—6
Shields. A. M 1 2 12 11-6
Roos, A 2 2 112 I—6
"Heidelberg" 110 2 2 2 .".
Haight, Feudner, Shields and Roos divided
the jiurse.
SE< i »NI) POOL.
Fendner, M. 0 1 1 •
Haight, C. A 12 2 2 2 2 6
Kauman, C. C 2 112 2 2 — 6
X... 9 \ 0012 12 4
Shli Ids. A. M 2 1 "
"HeldlebeiV 1 1 2 12 1 1-6
"Johnson" i 1212 2 6
"James" 0 • 0 1 2 1-3
Thomklns S 022 ? l. 4
H - 0 i 'I 2 2 4
Halgrht N'aumann, Heidelberg and Johnson
divided the puree.
RED MEN'S PICNIC.
Many Pler.sure-Seekers Journey to
Shell Mound Park.
The grand annual picnic of the Inde
pendent Order of Kcd M<"'ii was hold at
Shell Mound Park yesterday. Over 1500
men, women and children journeyed
across the bay to the pleasure grounds.
Four hundred Drlzes were distributed to
ns many little ones, and there were games
for young and old. The wheel of fortune
proved very attractive to a large num
ber, who tried tln-ir luck with varying
success.
Dancing to the music of an excellent
band was under \h>- direction of Conrad
Sit-in. tliPDi- manager, assisted by F.
Meier and W. Schaeffer. •
The pavilion was thronged all day with
people who delight in tipping the light j
fantastic, and it was 8 o'clock before thej
gn ■-■- dispersed.
The officers of tho order nre: Presi
dent, Henry Hock; vice president, .T.
Rumetsch; secretary, William < i.-lstilch ;
treasurer, H. Putzmann.
The committee In charge of the affair,
■who labored zealously to Insure th*- en
joyment "f the guests, was as follows:
Receptloi committee J. Hennlg, J. Maier,
A. MlPth. E. Laudelt, William Schaeffer, Carl
: •. John Krehmke, William Anderson,
K. Gerlach.
Prize bowling committee Charles Kaiser. F. i
■nkler, A. Blerwlrth. C. Kapke.
Wheel of fortune committee Herman Werne,
Max Haucken, K. Putzmann, F. Meier, Jnhn I
Kiefer. li Bode, P. 11. Will, A. Usbelacker,
Fred Mollenhauer, Herman U';il!ert, M. Rohr
backer
AMONG THE CRICKETERS.
Unbeaten Californias Add One More
to Their List of Victories at
Alameda.
The unbeaten California cricket team.
though playing three men short, added
another victory to their list yesterday by
defeating the Pacifies by six runs. The
Calif orni as won the toss, and sent the Pa- '
cifies to the bat. J. Myers and C. Sim- 1
monds batted well, the former compiling
49 runs and the latter 25, but none of the
other batsmen contributed much to swell
the total the best contribution being J.
J. Theobald's 11. The innings closed for
124 runs, extras cutting a. rather large
figure in the total. Reynolds took five
wickets and Dickinson four.
When the Californias went to the bat.
Sloman and Dickinson stepped first to the
wickets but the partnership did not last
long A. Dickinson being stumped by My
ers off well when he had scored 3. Ounn '
added nothing, but when Reynolds and
Sloman became associated runs came
quickly. Reynolds' wicket not falling
until he had scored 53 runs. W. Reeves
contributed IT and Sionifin kept his wicket
up until he had made 48. Seven wickets |
fell for l"0 runs, and the match ended In
a victory for the Californias by fi runs.
Sewell took 4 wickets. Coles 2 and Sim
monds 1. The full score is appended:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
J Myers c. Willis, b. Reynolds 49
c. Simmonds c. Sloman, b. Dickenson 25
C. P. Coles, I'- Reynolds H\
V Sewell c. Slomnn. b. Reynolds 4 I
J. J. Theobald, b. Dlckenson 11 |
G. Theobald, b. Dickenson 1
.1 H. Harbour C. sub., b. Reynolds fii
A. W. Wilding, not out 7
A. P. G. Gordon, b. Dickinson 0 )
1.. H Sandllands, run out 1!
W. G. Selwood, b. Reynolds 0
Byes 14, leg byes 2, wide 1 17
Total of innlnfrs 124
Runs at fall of each wicket: 1 for 45, 2 for 60,
3 for 76, 4 for 91, 5 for 106. 6 for IOC, 7 for 118, 8
for 118, 9 for 120. 10 for 124.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. B. M. R. W. Av'ge.
Sloman «0 2 21 0
I lickenson 161 8 40 4 10
Reynolds 98 2 45 5 9
Reynolds bowled one wide, i
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
E G. Sloman c. Sandllando. b. Coles 4S '
A. Dickenson Ft. Myers, b. Sewell 3;
F. M. Gunn, b. Bewell o;
A. D. Reynolds, b. Coles S3
W. Reeves c. Wilding, b. Simmonds 17
W. R. Hammond Ft. Myers, b. Sewell 0 :
,T. D. Robertson, b. Sewell 0
A. Willis, not out 3
A. K. Aitken, absent
<;. C. Farrell. absent !
11. Carr, absent
Leg byes 2, wide 1, no balls 3 fii
Total for 7 wickets .- 130
Runs at fall of each wicket: 1 for 5, '2 for ,*,,
3 for 73, 4 for 104, 5 for 106, 6 for 103, 7 for 130.
SUMMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. B. M. R. W. Av'ge.
Sewell 66 1 4S 4 12
Simmonds 84 2 30 i 36
Harbour 80 2 14
Coles 27 1 10 2 5
Sandllands SO .. 20
A Lecture on Cuba.
The third animal lecture of Golden Gate
Council No. 4, Y. M. 1., will be delivered
by J. W. Erwin to-morrow evening at
Metropolitan Hall, Fifth street. The sub
iect will be "What 1 Saw in Cuba's C;i>>
ital." It will be Illustrated by a sen?s of
sterenpticon views. Mr. Erwin was sent
to Cuba several months ago to establish
the postal service on the island, and wi".
give a description of the city of Havana
and its environments. The* demand for
tickets hns b*en very large, and as the
supply la nearly exhausted those desiring
to attend should call on George A. Stan
ley, grand secretary Y. M. 1., Pioneer
building, Fourth street.
YACHT SAILS
ARE UNFURLED
ON THE ESTUARY
California Club Men
Play Host.
ENTERTAIN SISTER CLUBS
A LARGE COMBINED FLEET
CRUISES ON THE BAY.
* . _
Forty Boats of All Sizes Follow
Commodore Allen M. Clay in
His Trim Flagship
Pactolus.
Rarely has Oakland Creek pr^ponU-d a
brighter or mor^' Inspiring spectacle than
it did yesterday morning, when, upon the
signal from Commdore Allen M. Clay of
the Calforaia V.-icht Club, between thirty
nn<l forty white-winged craft heaved
anchor <;ist off stem lines and began to
beat to windward cut of the creek. Col
ors had bt>en given from tho flagship Pac
t.iiiis ;it s a. m.. and ;>t LO o'clock the
preparatory sii~:;al followed. At 10:15 the
signal. "Get under way." sot thf> whole
fleet in motion. Commodore Allen M.
Clay's flagship Pactolus was followed by
Commodore T. C. Mill's flagship Cygnus,
Commodore Carl Westerfeld's flagship
Aeolus and Vire Commodore W. H.
Toepke'a sloop Harpoon. i
Commodore Tliil of the San Franciscos
flew the dub burgee, but The Corinthian
commodore and vice commodore sailed
under Hag officers' pennants. Though so
large ;i number of yachts was tad^ing
back and forth in the creek, a pleasant
disposition not to insist too strongly <<n
the right of way was shown, and not the
slightest foul occurred. On reaching- the
mouth of the estuary th«> signal "Mission
Bay" was set, and the whole (loot began
in beal over to the city front. The inten
tion had been to beat out as far as the
Presidio shoal buoy, thence proceed to
Sausalito, Tiburon and Raccoon Straits,
but the breeze In the channel was so
fresh and the sea kicked up by the wind
meeting an ebb tide was so rough thatthe
San Francisco yachts shaped their course
dired for Sausalito, which was reachedby
the flagship Cygnus at 2 p. m. The rest
of the fleet dropped in at various times
during the afternoon. The Corinthians
made for Tiburon, while tho California
boats sailed through the straits, behind
Angel Island, and so home to their mniir-
Ings. The combined cruise was sue, ess
fnl and the < xcellent attendance of yachts
from sister dubs was most gratifying to
Commodore ' 'lay.
The San Francisco boats that left Sau
salito oft Saturday afternoon or evening
and moored near the California Club |
house were the folowing:
Commodore T. U Hill's flagship Cyg
nus, Secretary K. < '. Bartlett's yawl
Frolic, .1. H. Savory's sloop Juanita, H.
Dot's yawl Phyllis, R. S. Bridgeman's
sloop Thetis, A. Sunderland's sloop Cath
erine. 11. B. Holbrook's sloop We're Here
and .1. Kittterman's launch America. The
following Corinthian yachts accompanied
Commodore C. Westerfeld's flagship
Aeolus: The sloops Harpoon. Truant. Mil
lion. Emilie, Rover, Hal. yon. Queen,
Freda, Edna, Cupid. Emma. Ella and'
Clara, and the yav. Is Nereid and ArCtU
rus. Commodore Clay was on hand to give
a tow with the launch Doris to any yacht
that desired it. but few needed the serv
ice.
About 7 o'clock in the evening a
chowder and bean supper was served in
the Caifornia Club house, and was much
reiislvd I).-, the yachtsmen. Later Com
modore Clay made some remarks of wel
come and an Impromptu entertainment
followed.
The band of the Fifth Regiment, N. G.
c.. supplied music, and Cornetist Shay
rendered some excellent solos. Frank
Thompson and others told stories and the
Edna quintet gave several songs, it was
midnight before the yachtsmen began to
disperse, and considerably later still be
fore all had sought repose.
SEAL ROCK CLUB HOLDS
ITS ANNUAL OUTING
MUCH FUN AN.D MERRIMENT AT
SCHUETZEN PARK.
Foresters Enjoy the Day on the Marin
Side — Many Prizes Distributed
Successful Contestants.
The Foresters enjoyed themselves thor
oughly at Schuetzen Park yesterday. .
Court Seal Rock No. 4f> gave its tenth an
nual picnic, and the affair was a most
decided success.
A joyful crowd, about 1000 strong, com
fortably filled the grounds. They de
voted themselves t<> games, dancing and
\ the pood things which they had brought j
to eat, with the most gratifying results
in producing a day's happiness. They
j glided and swayed in the pavilion, where
i Louis Theirbaeh held sway as floor man- ;
i ager. ate lunch with keen appetites and
enthusiastically entered the games or
zealously approved of the efforts of oth- i
ers.
The races, even the one in which the fat j
ladies gracefully figured, were spirited
and well contested: but the tug-of-wax, In
which the married men were pitted
against the unmarried, proved a walk
over for the former.
The executive committee, which man
aged the affair, consisted of: Fred Arndt
president of the club: Henry Meyer Ed
I Coffaney, E. K. Hill. \Y. Talsen, B. W
Jacobs and Charles M. Troppman.
The results of the races were as '■
follows:
Boys under 10— First. .T. j. McCormlck; sec
ond. I. Torrence; third, George Hanks.
Girls under 10— First, Lizzie lliiee; second, !
Bella Brown; third. Mayme Etique.
Boys 10 to 15— First. S. O'Brien; second J I
O'Brien; third. J. .T. MrOrmhk.
(lirls in to 15— First. G. Banks; second Etna
Potter; tbinl, Katie McKay.
Y'iuiir men's race— First. R. Parker; second '
R. Jackson; third. W. Jones.
Young ladifs' race— First, Jenny Smith- soc
■ ond. Violet Tnrrence; third. Mlnnfe Mosabacher
I Married men's race— First. C. Reinberg- sre-
I ond, R. Harrigan; third. <\ Rick,
i Married ladles' race— First, Mrs. Eldracher |
second, Mrs A. Peterson: third. Mrs. Ronning.
Fat men's racp— First. F. Keitzman; second,
F. Scott: third. A. Zicovich.
Fat ladies' race— First, Mrs. Edwards; second,
Mrs. St. Clair: third. Miss Lanßt.>n.
Members' race-First, A. Roberts: second, J.
Flinn; third. E. Kluff: fourth, E. Jacobs.
They Played Handball.
Those who admire handball had a
chance to witness some fine playing at P.
Ryan's court, SSS Howard street, yester
day afternoon. There were ten games
scheduled, and they were all played for
what there was in them. Ryan himself,
who is among the very best players in
the city was, with G. McDonald, pitted
against George Pall and C. Leter. in a
soaking game, and they defeated the
crack team from the Olympic court, mucn
to their astonishment. The scores are:
T McManus an.l J. McNamara defeated J.
Donahue and J. Bolster. Score: 21—11, 16—
01 J^
" P ilerrin and J. Boyle defeated J. Casey and
P. Foley. Score: 21-19. B—2l, 21—
M. Magulre and E. Antron defeated B. Clem
ents and W. Hassell. . Score: 21—18. 19-21.
oj <>n
" B. Clements and W. Hassell defeated .T. Hand
and H. Klieberabbott. Score: 21—15, 17—21.
21—12.
E McDonouKh and K. Lynch defeated J. R.
Bookman and D. J. Sheehan. Score: 21—11,
13-21. 21—16.
R. Housman and M. Basch defeated T. Foley
and E. Barry. Score: 21—13, IS— 2l, 21—16.
.1. Condon and I). Regan defeated A. Mc-
Yirker and T. Lydon. Score: 21-11, 20—21
21—15.
P. Ryan and <;. McDonald defeated G. Dall
and <'. l,eter. .Score: 21—15, 12—21. 21—19.
M. Basch and J. Condon defeated G. Maguire
and T. r,ydon. Score: 21—11. 9—21. 21—17.
.T. White and J. Dowllng defeated J. Harlow
and m. Manulre. Score: 21—17. 10—21, 21—14.
■■ ♦ ■
NEW CONSUL FROM PERU.
Enrique Grau Will Conduct Consular
Affairs m This City.
The steamer Peru hroiiKht a new Con
sul to this port yesterday. He is Enrique
(Jrau, a young and able Peruvia i who
comes from one of the leading families of
Ltmn. Hi^ father was the celebrated
Peruvian admiral who distinguished him
sell in tiie Chilean-Peruvian war in 1.V79
Enrique Gran is well educated and spi aks
the English language flu< ntly Upon hH
arrival he went to the Palace, at which
hotel he will remain until h>~ becomes
settled in this city.
The Juniors.
in view (.i a number of changes having
been mad.' in the laws of the State Coun
cil the subordinates have l^cn required
to make changes In their by-laws. \!»ra
ham Lincoln Council has made a number
of important changes. One m-w section
provides that any member who does not
within thn-e months after a fine is Im
posed upon him pay the same shall stand
suspended from all benefits of the order
until such fine ip paid.
Abraham uincoln Council will have a
smoker in its hall, and all the local coun
cils will join with it on the nipht of the
22<1 inst.. the nipht chosen for the affair.
£•♦<•>♦<?)♦ (?*<§) ♦ <s>f®4® + ®f®4® -f®4(ft>o ♦ ©♦ ®>® ♦ ®+® -f ®+®>®
| ®
I CURED RHEUMATISM, j
® "^
I 0^& Dr. McLaugiilin's Electric I
♦ \v',^2-Tm#^. Belt Again Proves Its I
| fKr^jT>«^ Great Value. It Gyres i
! M^^ : Si WhBn Ever^ in s
I Hte&S^l# Else Fails. |
® f oWS^s'' I
0 x -I I PORT KENYON (Humboldt Coun- ®
4; • ty, Cal.), May 25, 1899.— Pr. M. A. +
tSS » ?,? Ur d E1 f eCtr , 1C Belt cl« P ed J^SSPfeiSiS K£ |
® ?ovoHr p «f*l of scl ?; tic rheumatism. I owe my strength and happinesg ®
I Denetit it will be to them. Yours truly. wlu open th( HARRY PERRY. he ♦
I DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
® di'mlv/vp!!^ 6 ! 1 , 1 has cu x- four thousand people in California during the +
X CkanV^rfn V CUrP K S , cr T vous ™ d Vltill Weakness, Rheumatism, Lame ®
| DebUify d «fS? n alfSS U Sut * cures many of the worst forms ° Nervous I
© . IT WILL CURE YOU. 1
4- j st °P drupßinj? if it does not help you, and the money that you would nay >
® a doctor in one month will buy this famous Kelt. It is worth Us wSt *n Z
Z manhood. " Saturates the weakened body with new life new vigorf new t
S t. . SEniD FOR "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." >
¥ out L m«nn« r> >, val b e treatlse on the restoration of strength. It will point ®
T out a means by which you can become strong It is sent sealed free to any "♦"
® address, or can be had on application at the office sealed, free to an> (?)
T only °o n t P llt it Off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the happiness not ■♦•
t not delay Call or address ° famil >' and fr^nds. of your future. You should I
® "♦"
it) TIT 1 M A Mr»T OnrrhllVi 7C2 KarVet St.. cor. Kearnj. 8. T.: 2
1 Ul • ITI, ii. iflLljduffllllll, Bardiak Blo:k. co:. Spring and Second t
Z. *-» ' Stg., Las Angeles. V
v» Office Hours-8 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. ®
THREE CLUBS
SHOOT WELL AT
SCHUETZEN PARK
Good Day's Sport Had
by the Marksmen.
RIFLEMEN AT THE TARGETS
MONTHLY BULLSEYE MEET
HELD YESTERDAY.
San Francisco Turner Schuetzen,
Verein Eintracht and California
Schuetzen Were Rep
resented.
From early In the morning yesterday
till late in the afternoon the rifles popped
continuously at Schuetzen Park. Three
clubs held their regular monthly bullseye
I shoot, the San Francisco Turner
i Schuetzen. the California Schuetzen Club
: and the Verein Eintracht.
The attendance was good and the shoot
ing of an excellent order. The guns
cracked merrily in the hands of the en
thusiastic marksmen, and the black disks
: were scanned with the greatest interest
lin chalking up the results. Fair weather
j and clear skies rendered fine sighting pos
sible.
11. Enge, with a score of 226, had a clear
lead over any member of his club, the
! San Francisco Turner Schuetzen. C. F.
! Over. Charles Gumbel and J. Rohrer, re
spectively scoring 119, 133 and 212. were the
: best shots among the Verein Eintracht.
! L. liendel headed the score of the Califor
nia Schuetzen Club with a record of 291.
The following are the scores made yes
terday by the members of the different
clubs:
i San Francisco Turner Schuetzen— H. Eng-e
226, C. Sagehorn 640, J. Utachig 723. G. Tarn
: meyer 861. Second Lieutenant Straub 1361, A.
(Ttschig 1438, First Lieutenant Kommer 1661,
C. Nielson 1871, Captain Attinser 2015, F.
Klatzel 2106, Nolden 2267. Drum Corps— "W.
Schmalzlen 886, F. Krueckel 1714, "W. Straub
1918, O. Kruekel 2274.
Verein Elntracht— C. F. Over 119, Charles
Gumbel 133, J. Rohrer 212, C. Hartwi* 362,
}■• H. Bunner 395, 11. Ehlinßer C 47, C.
Schwelger 589, C. Siehrstedt 739, Captain F. A.
< Kuhls 804 C. Schroeder SS2. H. Stettin IMS.
C Muller 999, E. .lessen 1128, J. Zahn 1376,
A G. Stroh 1700, O. Thiele 1745, L. Schmidt
1796, L. Sehreih 1940, M. Diekert 1963, H.
Schroeder 2190, 11. Spahr 2290, A. "Winner 2275,
C. Aver 2319, F. C. Hagern 2973 and J. Hart
mansenn — .
California Schuetzen Club— L. Bendel 291, .T.
Utschlg 300. A. Rahwyler 4"9. D. W. MeLaußh
lin 421 A. Strieker 461, T. J. Carroll 55>>,
Captain Kuhnle 567, O. Theirhaeh 582, F. E.
Mason 661, H. Enge 704, O. Breamer 705. F.
Sehummann 731. F. Sehlumpf 7.".2. J. Wallmer
765 M Reubold 768, J. otraub 771, R. Stettin
771, J. C. Waller 839, C. Meyer BSS. A. Utschlg
918, J. Gorman 959, I>. B. Faktor 965, E. J.
AValden 1143, W. Ehrenpfort 1162. A. Hampel
1244.
COLUMBIA MARKSMEN.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
held its semi-monthly shoot yesterday on
the Harbor View range. The attendance
was up to the average, and a number of
guests took part in the shooting. F. O.
Youpg's improved system of targeting
onrl registering shots proved very satis
factory. The members of the club wera
well pleased with their new range. The
shooting was up to th>- average. Follow
ing were the besi scores made on the 2'K)
and 50 yard ranges, ten shots to the score,
» Columbia target:
Gllndemann all-<~nmers' rifle medal— F. o.
roung, 57, 67. 71; G. Manuel, 90, 90, 98, lift.
Military rifle, Creedmoor count— A, H. Fap«,
44, 46, 42. 45, 4."..
Siebe pistol medal. .".0 yards— J. P. CnsgTave.
77; C. M. ''Mis.-. 44. 63; F. O. Young, 48
Lewis revolver trophy— Smith Carr, 60; F. O.
Xonng, 78.
Record score?, revolver— S. Carr. 61; A. H.
Pape CO. Pistol— C. M. Dalss, 46, 47: J. I.
("osgrave. 53. 64; C M. Barley, 59, 62; Mrs. M.
.1 White, K3; F. Hassman, 96.
Small rifle— Mrs. C. F Waltham, 31, 46; H.
G. White Jr., SB, 91.
TARGET SHOOTING.
Siflemen Gather at Shell Mound
Ranges.
Riflemen from three shooting: organiza
tions gathered at the Shell Mound ranpes
yesterday — namely. Company A, N. G. C. :
Independent Rifles and Red Men' 3
Schuetzen Section. •
It wan an ideal day. from a marksman's
point of view, and the scores, which were
above the average, are as follows:
Monthly medal shoot r,t Company A, Na
tional (Juai-'l of < alifornia— M. Peterson, 4";
X E. Work, 27; O. Schmldtt, :!2; _M. GUI, S5;
Corporal Hell, 27; J. Hampton, 35: Sergpant
Tatt, ii; Corporal King-, 40; Corporal Poult<»r,
42; CaDtaln Poulter, 42; I^ieutenant Hunt, 40;
Corporal Cron, 37; P. Nickols, 37; Sergeant C.
H. Ellis, 35; M. Depoy, 36.
Medal shoot of the Imierendent Rifles — Cor
poral <i. B. Worthingrton, 36: R. Bither. 4"; C.
[verson, 27: Corporal G. A. Stanp. 38; C. Fred
erlckson, 25; Corporal H. Fretlerickson. 21; <;.
ICellenberger, 39; F. H. Gaun, 7; H. Gc-x»tjf>n.
25; C. Oilbonon, 38; Corporal P. Sohonig-, "7;
Serceant C. Andrews, Ss; J, Doriavan, 25: S.>r
geant U. W. Mitchell, 41; J. H. Kuhlke. 35; H.
Goetjen, "7; 11. Schlichtmann, 36; J. H. Schnei
der, 28; H Marzolf, 2.; H. Kuhlkp. 3P; H.
Fellf, 31; I>r. Meyerdecks, 10; Lieutenant E.
Moenning 1 , 3r,.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company mnnthly
medal shoot— Champion class. W. Krputz
kamm, 411: first class, William Drp-ssk-r. 345;
second class, P. H. Rulffs, 295; third ola.=F,
Captain Henry Grieb. 257; fourth daFs. E.
Zempel, 300; first b»?t shot. TV. Kreutzkamm,
25; last best shot, P. H. Rulffs, 20.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
Last Friday night the ladies of Pan
Francisco Tent entertained the members
of San Francisco Tent after the review,
and the ladies kept up their reputation as
first-class entertainers.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FOUR CHIEFS
TOO MUCH FOR
ONE DEPARTMENT
Secret of Trouble in i
the Police Force.
-AT THE HAGUE"' IN OAKLAND
:.O DESIRE TO CONVERT THE
POUNDMAN.
♦
."Mr. Mnck Discovers Too Late That
Holding a Public Office Is Not the
Most Pleasant of Human
Experiences.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 18.
threat things are expected of the Police
• • - July 1, the date on
w Chief takes c.'mmand.
/ will be ful
r not ■ only in a. secondary
on Chief Hode-klns. No one
- ability to run th» department
• ius, able manner. There
he ability of < "aptain Wil
f Capt :■ Petersi m. These thrro
■ ■' ■
. • -. . .
. per
■
There cannot ho f,mr Chiefs of the Po
lice Department, as there have been in j
the. 'past live year?. Whenever a itrnl- !
man knows that he, can obtain a private j
audience with one or other of the three j
Police Commissioners, the Kief will have I
but little authority. It is no secret that >
nearly every man on the force flatters |
himself that he has had some kind of a |
pull with one of the Commissioners. To |
such an extent has this been curried in |
the past that many men have been able j
to pick their own beats. Where this prac- j
tiee prevails there can be no discipline i
and this is the secret of the demorali- j
zatlon ... department that it is I
claimed exists at this time. Going further, j
it is notorious that even some of the mem- j
hers of the commission have been practi- |
rally forced by outside politicians to do j
things against their better judgment, If j
this system is to continue there may as <
well be $175 a month saved by leaving the i
position of Chief ■ ant. Having ap
polnted th.-ir man, it is the Commission- j
ets' duty now to take a back seat nd
look on. refraining from indicating any
preference for any individual member of i
the department and to leave the work i
of earning his salary to the Chief. The |
Commissioners should not only do this, |
but should distinctly impress the fact
upon every member of the department.
The situation at the City Hall is very
much like that at The Hague— everybody j
talking 1 peace, yet making war. At the;
same time there is no prospect of an al
liance. .The three men who in reality con
stitute the city government by reason of
their individual capacities and their col
lectiye power as a Board of Works are
not now in a position to be inordinately ;
aggressive. ■•-.•■.. that they are as J
they are; for every question that comes •
up stands the best chance of being settled
on Its merits and not acording to the j
whim of any combination. The Mayor i
Ji.i.« his man at the head of the Police j
Department. The City Attorney has his
« hoice in the Street Department. The
City Engineer's man is in control of the-
Fire Department. Any attempt on the
part of any two of th-i three Commission
ers to displace the choice of the third i
man would immediately result in a !
change all around. As this is not desired j
apparent peace is politic.
The meeting of the Board of "Works is ■
it l^ng way from a love feast. The mem- [
! ers being gentlemen do not furnish any !
sensational matter, but the difference is \
n kind, not in degree. It resembles a j
Hack of three bayonets— all pointing up- j
ward: If one or all should explode only a
(loud would be in danger. Occasionally'
the surface is ruffled and there is an!
• ruptlon just sumciently virile to show
•, .• force within the suppressed volcano.;
' ■ - i ondition is not confined to any par- j
. r incident: It appears to be general. ;
is in evidence whether the subject i
: .St.. be the erection of a flagpole; I
:: iportlonment of patronage or the is- >
• with a
■ .
' "■ >JTI- :
; . Mr Snow re
pul out a .
- • Mr.
• • han two
Mi i >\v would
of Po
t hing
[
■
re vail
ibmit- !
■
• is not at
o field In the
-
nieht,
■ . well h
l notic< d
■ n r>. They would
tnbibed a new id'-*.. There
.■ ■ cs and
;.-.:• g to note
•i ■ ■:.■ •: bers of
- and
. ■ • vident tliar
. bidly partisan in politics
ttle danger.
.... >ol ■ ■ ■ •
: • . 1 1 i t i 8 nO l
Ltive during the hours
nj?i>olil
■ . i, ...-.■ as during the ;irn. ;
• .! ':•• es mger
condemn an
. . ■ he miKht
■ politics would
■ ize the Integrity of a Dem
■lf Santiago because the
■ . d by a Republican Presi
the f.T 1 ' that some
• - m plated In the Oakland
r< sug
• iissioners.
■ ; . Poundman is the
. ■id the most abused Indi
rth He depends for his sal
: he be ambitious and In
a good salary and as
lars. U he be lazy
to remove
■ | <ioj?, COW, horse-,
his enemy, and
■
ally finds that
•'•'!•■ wrong.
■ ■■■ fault When
. . nol )"■ sup
■ ■ ■■ animal be
■ city
■ ■
"re
. ■
, lease cer
i hifl catches. In 1 < lourt
• found guilty, (socially he
: fiah and prof< jsionally an Ish
■' hand ■ Poundman Is
Iscriminate. After •
- hand is against him
■ • . •■ ■ of
.- • i :■.-: against • •-.••
■■ ■ mpt is mutual. To him a
dog means $2 when
'■■ beautiful
valuable li n than
■ In
■ of his business with lariat or
. ■ •.. is the butt of the public every
. ceeda in eluding capture
■ he whips up his hor^-s to
ake the escaping patron he is liable
. • for furious driving. It is bard
■ how a conscientious, self-re
% man can he a Poundman under
• ■ t system.
every time a Councilman makes
. effort to pay a Poundman a salary, to
the cit/ provide a decent pound and
to demand ■ high standard of service
irons this very necessary official such < f
ton is at once downed.
There Is surely need of a tribunal of
arbitration at the Church of the Advent.
I for affairs there have reached a crisis
I that appeals to those Interested in re
ligion outside of thai parish. The rector,
Dr. Law, has been told to resign. He
says he lias refused. Church Treasurer
Reed says the rector is demagogic and
too fond of notoriety. The rector says the
treasurer Is a traitor. One vestryman op
posed to the rector is an allopathic doctor.
The rector, who has a certificate to prac
! tice from a homeopathic college, says this
fact accounts for the allopath's opposi
: tion. J. J. Valentine, the wealthy presi
dent of Wells, Fargo & Co.. is senior
warden, and the rector says he is penu
rious. Gossips are saying all manner of
things, and the rector is denying them.
Mr. Valentine preached a sermon against
expansion from the pulpit, which dis
pleased the rector's political ideas, and
since that time Mr. Valentine has kept
away, and the rector's plans have ex
panded in so many directions that many
of them have passed from his control.
Now comes the proposition to starve the
rector out. In the meantime, it is said, he
will take a much-needed long vacation —
which is doubtless true.
There are enough mooted projects be
fore the public at this time to engage its
serious attention for several minutes.
Among ..the schemes contemplated are: A
new City Hall; a beautified Lake Mer
ritt; public parks; sale of the City Hall
lot; consolidation of the city and county
under one government; division of AJame
da County, tunnel road Into Contra Costa ;
County; cutting Washington street
through to San Pablo avenue; bringing I
the Santa Fe road Into Oakland; acquir
ing a municipal water supply; construc
tion of boulevard, etc.
Oratory and resolutions may be an ad
' junct, but they are not the materials that
I alone can bring thesic things about.
In an interview E. <j. T^ukons. the pow
der man, Fays regarding thn attack of
■ m with the ;i\ on his neighbor, H.
K. Belden: "It may l>>> thai this district
ji tn have proper police protec
tion, in ;';iit; I dn not know but that ttie
whole city needs better protection. < 'f
course, this is n large :-r.;i to cover with
patrolmen, but some protection should
be afforded to the taxpayer, who paj
One would suppose that Mr, Lukens
had been reading some of the complaints
images filed againsi the fuse com
pany which owned the magazine ai Mcl
■ razy ( Jhinaman nearly a
year -
Ther^ is no mockery about this bolll
oquy fr.>m T. F. Mock, who is about to
gn" from a Job In the C »vi tj Clerk's
..flier: "P illtical lobs don't pay. 1 think
that ;i man is foolish i i take a position
public official or ;) deputy."
Mock. "Om Is very apt to lose hia own
■r commercial va ial and 'he po
litical job can never be depended on to
hold out. Th<' result is that when he steps
out of the public building he has t.i begin
in thf> world at large, where he might
have tiptnin at the tlmt he flrsi b( to
serve the public."
This sensible view of tho situation has
mded tht- whole county. The pr<
- imptlon hitherto has been thai "fnce
holdfng in Alamed^is hereditary. ooTH
LINCOLNS HOLD THE
NEUSTADTER TROPHY
LIVELY CLAY PIGEON EVENT
AT ALAMEDA POINT.
E. Schuirz Scores Twerly Straight
nnd Wins the Howard Vernon
Prize.
MET 'A. June IS.— The Lincoln Gun
I Club held an interesting shoot to-day at
■ its grounds on AJameda Point. The prin-
I oipal event was a twelve-man team shoot
\ for the Neustadter trophy, in which repre-
I eentatives from the Lincoln, Cnion and
; San Francisco tubs competed: The trophy
lis a silver cup. To-day's was the first
'■■ shoot for the prize. It will be competed
! for again on July 16 and August 20. The
Lincolns won it in to-day's contest. The
: summary of the day's shoot follows:
;
Xeustadter trophy, twenty birds, teams of
! twelve men from competing clubs:
Uncoln team— Franzen 17. Ed Forster 17.
i Jean Forster 17. Bruns W. Daniels 18, Karney
i ]■* McKae 18. Kerrlson 18. Fisher 19, Wenzel
! lii I'ri<-e 18, Bekeart 16. Total 204.
Union > "luh team— Hawkliurst IP, F. Feudner
!is Debenliam 17. Bickenstatf 13: Trask 10.
' Mlchaelson 11. Mitchell If.. Little 8, Tump lfi,
! Olsen 17 Mcltae 15. Fisher 19. Total 17S.
San Francisco team— Sc-hultz IS, An<lrus 13.
: TVehb 16. JuFtins 12, Oolch«r K>. Murdock 14,
i ?haw 13 Dreyfus 15. Rosenberg 16, Rtcklefpon
! 17. Klni 16. Total I*4.
i Regular club shoot, twenty-five birds back
| scoree— Mcßae 21. Wenzel 20, Klevesahl 22,
i Daniels 22. Price 22. Jav*>tte 18, Franzen 21,
! 3-:<i Forster 23, Golcher 2". •■:■■■ 18.
1 To-day's scores— Karney 23, Webb 21. Brims
■ tZ Mcßae 20, Wenzel 22. Kleveeahl 20, Daniels
20* Price 21 Javette 15, Franzen 21. Ed For>tei
2l' Golcher 21 Kerrisr.n 23. Bekeari 17, Fisher
2l! pu&ene Forster 21, Ostramler 13, Colt 13,
An-lrus 16, Haum-19.
Visitors' Kcores— R"S"nl>erK 16, Banks 14. Dr.
Derby 12. E. Schultz 23, Murdoch 19. Miller 14,
j Hoyt i '• Dreyfus 17, Track 16. Michaelson ll*.
C (Is.- 1
Merchandise shoot, twenty birds— Baum 10.
pchultz 15. Javette 12. Banks 14, Vernon 16,
Lewis 11, Javrtte Jr. 1". ■
Handicap, twenty bird*, for Howard \ ernon
praphophone prize. contestants fnllins to score
twenty birds straight allowed extra shots cor
responding to number of misses made— Justing
v Bekeart 8. Ed Forster 20, Oolcher 20. Kerrl-
Fr,n 19 Mcßae 20, Karney 20, Brans 20, Dan-
I iels 18 Jean Forstei 13. F. hultz 17, Fisher 14,
F ultz 20, Klevesahl 20. P.teklefson 19, B.
Sanders 13, F. Feudner 20, Wei I 20.
E Schultz was the lucky man. as lie was
to crack twenty of the clay
disks without a miss.
PROSTRATED WITH GRIEF.
Mrs. Anderson's Condition Is Still
Alarming Over News of Her
Little Boy's Death.
OAKLAND, June 18. The double fu
neral of Lori re M. Anderson, who died of
lw, and her brother, Albert J. An
, who was run over and killed by a
heavy dray last night, will take place to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock from the.
family residence, 3013 Linden street. The
Interment will be In Mountain View
■ ry.
Mrs. Anderson, the mother, who whin
Informed last evening that her son was
injured, became prostrated, rested easier
to-day and was Informed of Albert's
<i.;ith by Dr. W. \v. Kergan. who is at
tending her. She is naturally a robusi
person but constant attendance during
the past three weeks upon her husband,
who has been Buffering From inflammatory
rheumatism, lias run her down, and the
blow of h'-r sons death ri^ht upon that of
h(. r 14-year-old daughter prostrated her
almost beyond recovery. To-night she Is
reported resting easier, though during the
day nearly every two hours she expert- ,
. a paroxysm of grief and hysteria.
The Anderson home was thronged with i
friends and neighbors to-day, who ex
tended their condole™ es.
BURIAL SADLY DELAYED.
Tardiness of Friends and Relntivpfl
of the Late Tillie Laferme.
OAKLAND, June 18.— For the past two
w.eks. the remains of Mrs. Tillie La
uho was supposed to have com
mitted suicide at her room on Clay street,
lav.- been at the Morgue, at the rear of
Albert Brown's und< r.akiiiK- parlors.
Shortly after Mrs. I.nferme's death Cor
oner Mebnnann received a letter from
her brother, J. L. Jones of 372 Adelaide
. Detroit, Mich., advising him thai
William J- Gleaaon of San Francis o
would lake charge of the remains, but
Gleason has never pu« to i an api
Mr Jones has been notified ol Gleason a
■h-ence and he has now advised Under
taker Brown that he will provide for the
interment, which will probably take place
Mrs Laferme has a husband, who is an
architect, but his whereabouts Is un
kt.own.
Laid His Scalp Open.
OAKLAND, June 18.— Colin Kent, a
schoolboy. a(?ed 17 years, and residing at
•I w. :,tv-hrst and Market streets, lan
guishes in the City Prison hooked for bat-
Kent was arrested this afternoon by Of
ficer Curtis at the instance of Ben O.
THE SAN liiA^ CISCO CALL, MONDAY, .JUNE 19, 1&99.
Johnson, the contractor and builder, re
siding at 1741 Myrtle street, who charge?
the young prisoner with having seriously
Injured his 15-year-old son, Frederick,
with a largo rock weir ilng at least three
pounds.
It appears that the two boys had an al
tercation which ended in the alleged bat
tery. Young Johnson sustained an ugly
scalp wound and one of his ears was bad
ly cut by the sharp and ragged edge of
the rock. His injuries were attended to
by a neighboring physician, who fears
that the boy's skull is fractured.
LIES AND LIARS.
Rev. Dr. Law Preaches a Stinging
Sermon.
OAKLAND. June IS.— Contrary to ex
pectations. Rev. V. Marshall Law to-day
occupied the pulpit at the Church of the
Advent. His sermon, in view of his resig
nation and of the many unkind thing's
that have been said of him of late, fur
nished much food fur thought. Rev. Mr.
T.:iw read a published Bermon from a hook
and tli.' text was, "I will take heed to my
ways that I sin not with my tongue:"
"Lel ub consider." said Rev. rvi r. Law,
"the sins of the tongue lies, which are a
sir. against the truth; slander, which is a
sin against our neighbor; unseemly
speech, which is a sin against modesty;
swearing, which is profanity; excessive
speech, which is wastefulness; a clamor
ing tongue, which is Intemperate.
"Tlie devil is referred to as a liar and
the founder of lies. We are told that they
who love lies shall he excluded from
heaven. Lies that are premeditated, de
liberately planned, are much worse than
the other s..rt.' r
In conclusion the minister gave a dis
sertation on the wastefulness of excessive
spc.-ch. The sermon was free from all
personalities, yet by some was considered
stingingly appropriate to the occasion.
KELLY OF PRINCETON
TO ASSIST COCHRAN
COACHING OF U. C. TEAM TO BE
DIVIDED.
Manager Muma Says That Both
Gridiron Veterans Will Train
Berkeley for Next Thanks
giving 1 Game.
BERKELEY, .Tun.- 18. The University
lifornia football team will have two
coa< hes this year instead of nuc. Football
Manager [rwin J. Muma has returned
from his trip to Silver <"ity. New Mexico,
where he weni to re-engage Cochran for
t!ir. coming season, and he brings word
the i>m coach intends to have an
assistant with mm when he comes to prp-
I'ur. the U. C. men fur thf next Thanks
giving game.
'!!:. new coach will ho A. W. Kelly, one
of Princeton's gridiron veterans. n>
plaj'ed halfback on the Princeton icam
and w.in fame <>n all sides for his wonder
ful dash and nerve in breaking through
the line. In working with the California
men he will devote his jitteiirinii almosi
■ si lusively to those behind the line, par
ticularly Thi' halfbacks, with which posi
tion his Princeton experience renders him
most familiar. IK- will Thus confine him
• largely to Whipple and Kaarsburg,
both of w!i<im already understand their
places well, li is thought that he will
also put on a few finishing touches to
. Hall's playing it" Hall returns to
Berkeley In August as is expected.
i ochran and Kelly are planning to ar-
In the university town about the
: September. Their coming will be
i he si^h.! ■ ■ • season to commence,
and tli--- California m<-n will knuckle down
to work immediately. Manager Muma
will have all the preliminary arrange
ments made beforehand in order t«. avoid
possible delay. Cochran Intends to
w about th<- sj st( in of ti aln
\',.ti that was used with such success lasi
year. He will t;tk<- the men individually
to begin with, postponing the heavy team
V...1 k until the end of < >ctobi r.
Muma reports that the f-aptain of this
year's Princeton team is a 1 present with
Cochran In Silver City, using every means
to persuade the Hk coach t<> give his ser
•\ jr. s to his alma mater [or the s(\i;«.in.
But Cochran declines to ;.'" Bast thiH fall,
as his ment with the I IniverHity or
California is now a settled thing. Ho is
at pr> si'Mi Interested In some mines near
Silver City and so feels obliged to break
his training wirk by :i two weeks' vaca
tion for a hurried business trip to NVw
Mexico. The exact date "f th<» trip has
arrangi d. t.ut Kelly will
ki- pup the training flunng Cochran's ab-
Church Services in Oakland.
OAKLAND, June IS. -Rev. Dr. Dille,
of the First M. E. Church,
preached to-night on "Lot in Bodam— A
foi •'• Hour." This morning Dr.
Dflle spoke of "The Supremacy of Lov«."
iding Elder Rev. John Klrby occ i
i.i. ■ i the pulpit of the Eighth Avenue hi.
E. Church to-night at the third quarterly .
meet!
Apropos of Bunker Hill day. Rev. Jainr*
("urry preached a sermon to-night at the
North Temescal Presbyterian church <-n
"Good Citizenship as Influenced by G 1
Literal i
At the First English Lutheran Church.
Rev. William FCelly to-night preached on
•■'l he Golden Calf, the first of a series to
be delivered during June, July and Au
gust.
11. 7.. Mowbray of the senior class at
the Pacific Theological Seminary occu- '
pied the pulpit at the Fruitvale Congre
gational church. He will supply this pul
pit during the Beminary vacation.
Rev, Charles R. Brown preached on
"The Touch of Life" to-night at the Flr.-.t
Congregational Church. On Nexi Tues-,
i'<nv the m< mbers of this church and Sun
day school will enjoy their third annual
outing and picnic at Leona Heights.
Dr. J. K. McLean delivered an Interest-
Ing sermon thin morning from Key.
E ens' pulpit ;it the Plymouth Congre
gational Church.
"Pilate, the Coward," was the suhject
of Rev. Dwlght K. J otters siTmnn to
nieht at the Union street Presbyterian
Church.
At the First Presbyterian church to
night Rev. A. B. Winchester preached a
sermon entitled "Which Building— Ours or
God's?"
Rev. I-:. R. Bennett's pulpit at the Twen
ty-third avenue Methodist Church this.
morning was Riled by Rev. J. B. Travis,
poke "ii "The Spiritual Law of Sup
ply and Demand." Mr. Smith, the evan
gelist . Bpoke to-night.
.r. A. Brown, State superintendent of
mission work, occupied the pulpit of the
Flrsl Christian Church to-nfght.
Christian Missionary Alliance.
OAKLAND, June 18.— The convention of
the State Christian Missionary Alliance
will open at Asbury Methodist Church
on Monday, June 2>), concluding on the
following Thursday. AmniiK those who
will deliver addresses during the conven
are Hiram Hill of lowa. A. Coplin of
Oakland, F. L. Tuttle "f San Francis.,,,
William C. Stevens of Los Angeles, C. C.
Herrloti of Oakland. W. N. llnffm.-in of
Alameda, T. J. Arnold of Santa Rosa, J.
A. Fraser and others. The annual election
will be held on Tuesday morniiiK. June Ti.
Death's Sudden Summons.
OAKLAND, June. IS.— Mrs. Alice Ford.
a widow, aged 75 years, was taken sud
denly ill at her home, 705 Fifth street,
shortly before 4 o'clock this morning ani
before a physician could call. Her
death is attributed to heart failure. ]) ( -
--d was a native of Ireland and leaves
two sons.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, June 18.— The City Trustees
will meet to-morrow evening and an In
teresting session is looki-d for. Since the
members of the board and th<- City Clerk
had a tiff over the opening of mail ad
dressed to the City Trustees Mr. Lamborn
has allowed a bushel of communications
to accumulate In his office which will be
ed to-morrow niKtit. The Trustees
wanted to look over the letters in execu
tive session, but the clerk contended they
had no right to do so. and in this h.- was
backed up by the opinion of the City At
torney.
The appraisers of the estate of Isabella
yon Schmidt, who was murdered by her
husband, will tile their report to-morrow.
They value the estate at $fi32 or,, it con
sists principally of household furniture
and jewelry.
Prison Island Sold.
PORT clintoN. Ohio, June 18.—John
sons Island, Lake Erie, which was famous
as a prison for rebel soldiers during the
Civil War. hap .lust been sold at auction
for $45,000. The inland lies in Sandusky
Bay, a few miles from the city of that
name.
PRIESTS MAKE
A RETREAT AT
SANTA CLARA
Week of Communion
With God.
CATHOLIC CHURCH SERMONS
— • —
FATHER CHIAPPA EXPLAINS
ORIGIN OF THE CHURCH.
Fathers MacCorry andWyman Preach
Eloquently at Morning and
Evening Services at Old
St. Mary's.
This morning all the assistant priests j
of the diocese will go into a retreat at j
Santa Clara. A period of one week will
be spent In prayer and devotion, after
which the fathers will return to their
respective fields of labor. Over sixty.
priests will this time compose the body
which goes yearly into solitude which 1
brings a closer communion with God.
Yesterday Father Knmm preached the
sermon a.t Last Mass at St. Mary's !
Cathedral. He built his discourse on the !
words of St. Peter to our Lord, "Depart I
from me for T am a sinful man," which
were taken from t >• ♦* Gospel of the day.
Father Ramm told of the universal con-!
scionsness of pin on the part of man ,
when realizing the presence of God.
During the day the annual reorganiza
tion and classification of the Sunday i
school was held In the cathedral under
the direction of Rev. Father Prendergast.
At the i! o'clock mass yesterday morn-
Ing al St. Ignatius Church Rev. Father
Chiappa of Lob Gatoa preached a Bermon
■in "The Church." His tex< was from
the gospel 'if the day and embodied in the
following words: "Jesus going In-to one of
the ships thai was Simon'B desired him
to draw back a little from the land, and
sitting-, he preached to the multitudes out
<if tire ship." In p.iit Father Chiappa's
words were as follows:
The ship, according to the saints, Is a type of
the church. The bart >f Peter Is the symbol of
unity in iu> Rock, and expresses that upon
which our Lord laid the foundation for his
church. Chrißt Instructed the multitudes
from SI Peter's bark, and to-day he only
preaches from that church which is represented
by Bt, Petei '« bark
\s there is but one bark of St. Peter'B, so
there can be bui one true church. Moreover,
Christ (peaks of his church. not churches: his
kln«d- m. not kingd in>; hla spouse. no< spouses;
tor he is neither polygamisi nor Mormon, and
can have but on«- Bpouee. He further refers to
his body, not »>< ■<! i.-r*. as he has bul one myth
ical body; pillar of truth, not pillar* of truth,
because truth Is one and error is manifold
l,inh»r hae given birth to th« Lutheran
church, tnu not to the church of Christ; CaJvin
founded his religion, but it was noi of Christ;
John Wesley laid the foundation of the Meth ■
dist denomination, but not of th-> church of
Christ: England has given rise to the Episco
palian belief, Scotland to the- Presbyterian, and
bo of nil ill' other sect and denominational
leaders and their followers. They may claim
the Rible for their foundation Finnp. but not
Christ for Dieii- founder. They may claim the
■ y ru!<- of faith and mor
ality, but Christ disowns them as children of
his flock because they hav< n it 1 -. i i : » for thejr
f'.in; !.-r. Nor are they coequal with Chrlal and
his apostlfs In point i foi all such m.
. denominations havi rung ml v - •
ence since the time of mir Lord.
Rev. Father MacCorry delivered the ser
mon at n o'clock ma^s at St. Mary's
Church. California h:i<! Dupont streets
His subject was "The Greal Balvation."
Special music was rendered by the choir.
.\t the same church In the evening Rev.
Father 11. 11. Wyman preached a sermon
from the following text: "We have la
bored all the night, bur have taken noth
ing, but at thy command I will let down
the net." In p.irt he said:
The incident related In to-day's gospel shows
that with all possible human effort It is not
possible for us to attain success in the object
for which we were placed in this world. In
a word our success, both temporal and Fpirit
ual, depends on the blessing of (Jod. We can
see this most clearly if we reflect that nil
things were made by the word of God, and
without Him that nothing was made. The
same God who created us had established an
order to be followed and he blesses us a'
cordlnt'ly as #c follow it. The One who
created all things preserves them until his
will concerning them is accomplished.
The only obstacle to the accomplishment of
God'? will Is sin, in consequence of which the
original blessing of creation lias been less
<:;.■•] and the world has become a vale of tears,
so that we are in constant need of a merci
ful and bountiful God to take away this curse.
St. Peter, though doubtless he had labored
hard and persistently. Had received no fruit
for his pains, but the Lord as a reward of his
i Hit brought to him a more abundant bless
ing than he had even dreamed of.
The effects of the divine blessings are life,
sustenance, prosperity rind happiness. The
means for obtaining these benefits are faith
and charity. Those who are In the state of
grace have the first claim on God's blessing.
For such the law of God is the first thins of
importance, and God has from the beginning
promised his blessing to those who keep Hi«
commandments. Again special blessing, both
temporal and spiritual, are Imparted through
the channels of grace, deposited In the church.
DID NOT OWE HIS
ELECTION TO BOODLE
Ex-Senator Hill Denounces Lock-
wood's Attack Upon Judge
Haight.
ALBANY, June 18.— Ex-Senator and ex-
Governor David B. Hill, wh<> was ai thi
head of the defeated Democratic State
ticket the year that Judge Height was
elected with the rest of the Republican
State ticket, said to-night, concerning Ij.
M. Lockwood's testimony in relation to
Judge Halght's election, given before the
Industrial Commission:
Judge Haitf'nt wag elected in the fall of km.
At tlmt election 1 beaded the Democratic ticket
for Governor, leading •■' forlorn hope and 1
! i;..,t the campaign very well, The Demo
, •■ •- h;i'l to cvii!.- . • the hard times,
the silver panic, ih<- wiij'.n tariff and dis
ci'.sures "f niii:;i<-:i>:i! corruption, p.s well .is
divisions among Democrats themselves, and ot
, urse tiiH result was a Republican cyclone, as
everybody knew it would be, Thf Republicans
needed no Immense corruption fund, either from
the Standard Oil Company or anybody else,
to elect their whole ticket. Including Judge
Halght. I recollect at tht- time there waa some
criticism, principally by a coterie »f Populists,
of a decision which Judge Halght ha.i once
made as a Supreme Court Justice in Buffalo,
but it attracted no particular attention in th»>
campaign an<l was regarded by myself and the
Democrats generally as unworthy of notice. At
any rate, it cut no !l»;urp In the canvass. Judge
Hu'ißht belnK elected by !!iV.<24 plurality over ;i
most able and popular opponent, Judge Haight
receiving 671,259 votes, while Governor Morton
received only a few more— to wit. 678.818.
it I? absurd for a Pennsylvania^, at this day.
who can naurally have no knowledge of the
matter of which he assumes to speak, to as
sert that Judge Haight waa either nominated
r,r elected in New Tork State through the con
trlbutloni of the Btandard Oil Company. Tt
verifies the old baying that "one must go away
from home to get the news." He was elected
because the ti<!>- of that year, in New York as
v i as everywhere ei<e, was with hie party
and he was nominated because of his high per
sonal character, his efficient. Judicial ability
and unquestioned Integrity, conceded by the
whole bar and i pie of the State, and as a
fair political opponent, it gives me pleasure to
say this much.
INGRATITUDE OF GAGE
ANGERS REPUBLICANS
Santa Clara Good Government League
Ignored by the
Executive
SAX JOSE, June IS.— Who will be ap
pointed Supervisor for the Fifth District
of S:uit.-i Clare County by Governor Gage
to (ill the vacancy caused by the death of
(Supervisor S. F. Ayer iy a question wor
rying the- politicians of this-- city and coun
ty. It is not because of a dearth of appli
cants, for there are fully a score of thorn,
but it is a question who oat the largest
••pull" with the chief executive. T!u> lira
forces so far have captured all the patron
age that Gage has dispensed in this
county, and in all probability they will
win out in this fight.
The Republican Good Government
League has selected a half dozen men thru
would be favorable to the organization
and is endeavoring to land one of the lot.
In this list are ex-Sheriff James H. Lyn
don of Los Gatos, G. H. Walker of Los
Gatos, T. R. Johns of West Side, E. Top
ham of Milpitas. This organization in
curred the enmity of Gage by passing a
resolution condemning Dan Burns during
the Senatorial fight at Sacramento, and ;
si) far all its men chosen for places have
been turned down. This was particularly
noticeable in the selection of Normal
School trustees, a manager of the Agnewa
Insane Asylum board and the directors oi
the Agricultural Society, appointed only
yesterday.
it is said that because of the adoption of
those anti-Burns resolutions both Gage
and Hums have sworn to ignore the j
wishes of Santa Clara County's strongest
organization. Although making a deter
mined light against the Republican rim,-.
the Good Government League "swat- j
lowed" a number of objectionable men on
the legislative ticket. Jt made an espe- I
dally strong fight for the Senator and
Assemblymen from here, and In fad elect
ed them and secured a big majority for
Gage throughout the county. The league
has a membership of over 2*loo, ami had
it given the same strong support to tha
Democratic legislative ticket it did to the
fusion county ticket only Democrats
would have gone to Sacramento. To-day
the members of the organization are re
belling against the ingratitude of Gajrc
and the legislative ticket elected. A
wider breach than ever i> being rreal '1
in the Republican ranks of this county,
and unless s^me of the "plums" f.li to
the members of the league the nexl dele
gation to the Legislature will be solidly
Democratic.
In the Rea camp there are several can
didates for the Supervisorship. Fred Cot
tie has the insid>- track and probably will
be appointed. Senator Shortridge favors
him. and this Is considered equivalent to
a Hums indorsement.
City politics is becoming Interesting.
There will be two vacancies in the City
Board of Education and one eai h in th '
Park Commission. Police Commission and
the Library Trustees on July 1. These
appointments are to be made by Mayer
Martin. There are at least fifty candi
dates for the places, and all kinds of in
fluences are being brought to be^r. Th 9
first election under the new charter oc
curs next April, and th^se appointments
promise to rut some figure in the results
Especially po is this true in the Scho '1
Board There has been more or les.=
trouble In this board. The High School
strike of a year ago has created consid
erable sentiment against the Trustees. If
Trustees of the same political affiliations
are appointed it means a solid opposition
to ihe re-election of Mayor Martin, but
whether the Mayor is willing to meet 'hi.<
force at the polls remains to be seen.
CATCHER PACE GOES
ON THE WARPATH
Armed With a Hatchet, the Santa
Cruz Ball Tosser Trails Umpire
O'Connell.
SACRAMENTO. June 18. "Bill" Pnrp,
catcher for the Santa Cruz baseball ninf,
was arrested to-night on h charge of dis
turbing th*> peace The Santa Cruz nin<
played with the Oili Edges al fak Park
this afternoon and after :\ liritly contested
sanif suffered defeat. Pace took excep
tion to the decisions of the umpire.
".Tack" O'Connell, and latf-r. after the
acquirement of much beer down town.
Pacp undertook to havf it out with the
umpiro. The latter was* prepared, hnw
ever, and Pace came out of the encounter
witti a slightly rtisfigurf-d eye.
Pace deemed it desirable to try an
other mftlKifl of showing his displeasure,
so he procured a hatchet He did not
have a eham-p to use i., and when the jm
licp gatherer] him in the handle was found
sticking "nt of the pocket, where he had
stored the Implement for use. T.ater in
the evening the trouble was patched up,
and it is probable Pace will be allowed to
return to the seashore.
WON IN THE NINTH.
_____ I :
Base-Stealing Gives Chicago a Vie- i
tory Over New "Sork.
Clubs - W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...40 12 .7*' j Cincinnati ..23 27 .460
Boston 31 17 .6fi6 Pittshurg ...23 -•■ .4<tt :
Baltimore . 31 20 .60S New Y0rk. ..22 30 .423
Philadelphia 30 20 .600 Washington 17 26 .321
' St. L0ui5.. ..31 21 .59K Louisville ..IS 38 .283 (
Chicago SI 21 .596 Cleveland ...S 3S .191 j
LOUISVILLE, Juno IS. — It was the same old
story with the Colonels to-day, Inability to hit. !
Lankswort, a local player, was Riven a trial at
short and did well. Attendance 3800. Score:
R. H. E.
, Louisville 2 j 5 v
Baltimore 7 14 0
Batteries- Dowling and Kittredge; Kit«rin •
( and Robinson. Umpires— Swartwood and ' [
Warner.
CHICAGO. June 18.— The visitors had all the '■
bert of it to-day until the ninth, when the
local? won out in a grand stand finish. Merles i
singled and I>«nge bunted safely. Then the ' .
New York's infield got rattled, leaving second '
and third uncovered, allowing a double steal, |
Everett following with a hard hit to left, scor
ing both. Attendance 12,000. Score:
ch , ra _ 0 R. ? X
ijro ?. 7 3
New York 2 8 3
Batteries— -Taylor and Donahue: Meek in and
Warner. Umpires— and Manassu.
ST. LOUIS. June IS.— Terrific hitting In the l
seventh and eighth innings was responsible for
the Perfectos' victory over the Senators to-day, '
For six innings Dineen twirled In fine form. I
but could not hold out. Sudhoff had the visitors i
Int his mercy all through the game. Burkett I
got back in the game to-day and his timely
j batting was a feature. Attendance t "' 1 ". Score:
R. H. E. ■
• St. Louis 8 13 2
Washington 3 4 5
Batteries— Sudhoft and O'Connor: Dineen and .
McGulre. Umpires Emslle and McDonald. |
CINCINNATI, June 18.— Reds played |
miserable ball on the bases and In the field '
and lost to Brooklyn, despite their good bat
ting. The Superbas' playing was perfect All
the Ditchers were hit hard. Attendance 5428.
Srore:
n. it. c.
Cincinnati 11 15 "
Brooklyn 13 15 0
Batteries Hawley, Hahn and Vaughan;
Hughes, Kennedy and Farrell. Umpires-
Burns and Smith.
. — — — •
MINOR BASEBALL GAMES
Hanford Defeated by Dowst's Pitch-
ing at Merced.
MERCED, Jun< I*. [n the baseball game I
here to-day between Hanford and Mer
ced the visitors were defeated. Dowst
pitched a great game and up to the
eighth inninK did not allow the Hanford-'
Hcs t" score, in the eighth Hanford
found him and. with several costly errors
on tin- part of the locals, managed to pile
up eight runs. D. Grub batted Harris for
a home run. The score:
riuhs. R. H. E. I
Hanford « 7 10
Merced 19 20 7
Batteries Harris and Tarter. Dowst and
Harrell. empires -Patnot and Allen.
STOCKTON, June IR.— The baseball sea
son opened here to-day at 'Joodwater
Grove with a game between the Altos of
Pun Francisco and the Terminal City
Wheelmen team. The Altos won hy a
score of ." to 1. Errors of the home team
lust the prime for Stockton. "Dummy"
Murphy, the visiting pitcher, was touch
ed up frequently, hut the fielders handled
the ball too well for the home team. More
ing, in the box for the Terminals, did not
pitch his usual game and was heavily
flatted in the latter innings.
BAKERSFIKLD, June IS.— Bakersfield
12 Visnlia IS.
FRESNO. June IS— The Fresno and
Relma ball teams crossed bats on the lo- I
c.il diamond to-day, the Raisin Eaters be
ing the victors. Score:
R. H. B.
Fresno 5 S 2 I
Selma 2 R 4 ;
Batteries Maul and Chance; Russell and j
LOS ANGELES, June IS— The twins \
cam*' together .for the second time this;
season to-day and as in the former en- j
counter the T,os Aneeles Merchants car- !
ried off the honor of the day. Score: I,os j
Anfr^li s 3, Los Anerelfs Merchants 10.
Death of a Noted Trotter.
READY II. 1. 1:. Mass.. June 18.— Nlco
(2:08%), the fastest trotter bred in New
England, and owned by .1. Malcolm
Forbes of Milton, died last night. Imco
was sired by Arion (2:07%).
Gallifard Wins German Derby.
BERLIN, Jiiii" 18.— Tlie German derby
was won to-day by Baron Springer's Gal
lifard.
Errors in the Ballots.
SAN LT'IS ORISPO, June R— The
bonds recently voted for a sewer system
have been declared invalid by Judge Ixir
rigan of Ban Jose, who heard the case
here. The word "yes" was printed on the
ballots after the words "for si-wer bond?."
while a blank space was left after the
words "against sewer bonds." The Coun
cil will call another election.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 18, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported from stations In California to-day:
Stations— ivk. ■ Stations— I vs.
Eureka 56 San Diego 70
Fresno 182 Sacramento M >
Los Angeles 84 San Luis Oblspo — SO
Red Bluff 96 rural 102
Independence ... '-1-'
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 50; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather la generally partly cloudy over
Idaho, Northern Nevada and along the coast
from San Francisco north. Thunder storms
are reported from Nevada and Idaho.
The pressure has fallen slightly except along
the southwest coast, where there has been a
slight rise.
The temperature has fallen over Northern
California, Northern Nevada and Idaho.
Elsewhere on the Pacific Slope it baa remained
about stationary. >", - "
Conditions are somewhat unsettled over the
plateau region and scattered showers and
thunder-storms will occur in Nevada. Ctah
and Northern Arizona to-night and Monday
morning.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 19, 1899:
Northern California- Partly cloudy Monday;
cooler: fresh wind.
Southern California Cloudy and somewhat
threatening Monday; fresh west wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy, with scattering
showers and thunder I rros Monday; cooler.
Utah— Partly cloudy, with scattered showers
and thunder-storms Monday; cooler.
Arizona Partly cloudy Monday, with showers
and thunder-storms in the mountains of the
northern portion; cooler; northeast winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— cloudy
Monday, with fog in the morning; fresh west
wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
! Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Pan
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same nt both places.
MONDAY. JUNE 19.
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morninc tides are civen in the left
hand rolumn and th< Buccessl\-e tides of the
day In the order nt urrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the 'lny. the third time column the thirl tide
and the last or riKhf hand column gives the
last tide of the day, exoepi where there are but
threi tides, :<^ sometimes occurs The heights
Riven are addll to the soi;ndlnes on th°
United State- Coast Survey charts, excepi
when a minus Men ( ) precedes the height,
and th»-n the number elven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, .Tun" IS.
Stmr Columbia, Green. 51 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 10 hours.
Stmr Peru, Frlele, 19 days from Panama.
Btmr Alcatra. Carlsen, 41 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, 6 ; hours
from Grays Harbor.
Btmr Gipsy, Leland, 19 hours from Moss
Lrt nding.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, 60 hours from
Rogue River.
Schr Dalny Vostok Rusp. Erlkson, 22 days
from Mejl.
Schr Glen, Neilsfn. 5% days from Coos Bay.
Sohr W. F. Jewett, Johnson, .",'•_. days from
Port ' (amble.
Schr Man' C, Madsen, 2 hours from Fort
Ross
Schr Monterey, Beck, 23 hours from Mendo
cino.
Schr Honolulu, Thonagel, 34 days from Hon
olulu.
SAILED.
Sunday, June 18^
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson, Albion.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, .
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka.
l!k Ceylon, Wilier, Honolulu.
Bktn Jane A. Falklnburg, Cook. Port Had
lock.
Schr Golden Gate, Madsen. Mendocino.
Schr Occidental; Brandt, Eureka.
Schr Albert Meyer, Nellson, Seattle.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Peru, from Panama— IS, off
the lightship, schr Honolulu, from Honolulu,
for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Br ship Crompton, from Swansea June
17— Sailed January 27; had strong E winds for
three days, then had a succession of W gales
to lat 32 X. had N\V winds hauling- to E to
lal 1 N; crossed the equator on March ■• at
long 2. . 34 W; took the si-; trades in lat i 3
and carried them to lal 21 S: had xi: to NW
winds to lal 39 S; had W winds to lat 50 S:
v.-as 13 days from 60 to 50 S. with E wind?; had
X winds to lat 4.1 S; had NW winds to lal 3'>
S; had NE winds to lat 20 S; took the SE
trades in lal 20 H and carried them to lat 2
N: crossed the equator on May 14 at long 116 44
W; took the NE trades in lat (1 N and carried
them to lat 28 N; had variable winds to port;
thick and foggy weather.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed Juno 17— Stmr Tillamook.
for San Francisco, Schr Esther Buhne, for
Newport.
SAN PEDRO-Sailed June Schr Meteor,
for Port Gamble.
EVERETT— Sailed June 18 Schr Laura May,
for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived June IS— Stmr Progreso,
hence June 14. Stmr Willamette, hence June
14. Br stmr Maunense. from .
Sailed June 1-- Stmr Farallon. for Dyea,
Stmr Samoa, for St. Michael. Bk Germanla,
for San Francisco. Schr Nellie Coleman, for
Alaska. Stmr Orizaba, for Dyea.
NEAH BAT— Passed In June 17— Haw stmr
San Mateo, from Port Los Angeles, for Nana
ltno. Stmr Froercso, hence June 14, for
Seattle.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed June 17— T'.r ship
Olivebunk, from Tacoma, for Delagoa Hay.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June IS— Tug
Rescue, hence June 14, to sail to-day for San
Francisco with Aberdeen in tow.
NEWPORT— Arrived June IS— Schr Excelsior,
from Port Blakeley.
VENTURA— Arrived June It— stmr George
Loomls, hence June 17, and sailed for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived June IS-Sohr John A.
hence June 7. Stmr Fulton, hence June 18.
Sailed June IS— stmr Weeott, for San Fran
cisco. Bchr William Cars for Port Blake
ley. Stmr North Fork, for San Francisco.
■( ii is BAY— Arrived June 18 Stmr Signal,
hi nee June 11.
BO WENS LANDING— Arrived June IS— Schr
Corinthian, hence June B. Schr Render Broth
ers, hence June 17. Schr Mary Etta, hence
June 14.
ABERDEEN— June IS— Stmr Aberdeen,
for Ban Francisco, in tow of tuL.' Rescue.
PORT ANGELES In bay June IS— Bk Ca
rondelet from Ludlow. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA- Arrived June IS— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, hence June 13. Schr .Seven Sisters, hence
Sailed June IS— Or Btmr Tai Fu. for Vladi
vostok Schr Pioneer, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June IS -Stmr Progreso,
I hence June 14.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON -Arrived June IS— Stmr
Bremen, from New York, for Bremen. , ;
Sailed June 18— Stmr Frledricti der r,rr. =«>.
from Bremen, for New York.
HAVRE- Arrived June Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York.
AUCTION SALES.
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer,
Will THIS DAT, MONDAY. June 1?, 1593, at.
11 a. m.. dispose of the entire stock of furni-
ture, stoves, etc., of. L. J. Newman, without
reserve, at 121 Sixth st. Dealers, attention!
A N h t it
W tfttiiiiiil><S^^ ard TUMORS CURED
1 J i^^^K^T^ No KNIFE or PAIN
|| PllPllslllji woman's breast is
vg&ir^ When the cancer,
",n armpit gets large cure Is impossible-
Face and iip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I ha»3 Cured
S. R. CHAMLEV, M. D., 25 Third St., S.F.
1 SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
lA/. X. HESS.
KOTARY PCBLI3 AND ATTORNEY-Ar LAW,
Tenth Flocr, Room 1015, Claua Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, »£1 California »t.. below PoweU.
Ban Francisco^ :
/^~~\^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
/Us^Sss>fk 025 KEARNIT *T Established
Kf*7?* r In 1834 ''■'■ the treatment of Private
HJwMl'iviws L Manhood. Debility or
ISBS§ssssjsS disease wearing on body and mind and
rwss^i]K3 SI;:m Diseases. Thedoctorcureswlien
tBWWW others Try him. Charges iqw
S&£so?sie3Sai CnrrKeuarnnt^rit. Call orwrita,
3»r. J. I'- «>lKli'>Osr. Box :'.»sT.s.ii. Francisco
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
f*y Steamers leave Broadway.
JtoS^. wharf, San Francisco:
aV-TK^BL For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m : .
BSrfS^SE^V • Tllno X- 20 - 2: '- 30; July °'
IS^PVW change at Seattle.
■I E»^^P *&g ' f' r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i jMETTj .H!!jSi 1 C), Port Townsend. Seattle,
lr**<^f»^a Tacoma. F.verett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m., June 15. 20. 25. 10:
July B. and every fifth day thereafter; chanKft
lat Seattle to this company's steamers for
I Alaska and Q. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. I-
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humholdt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jun *
IS. 23, 28; July 3. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Aneeles) an!
Newport. 9 a. m.. June 17. 21. 26, 29; July 3.
and every fourth 'lay thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford 'San Luis Obi«po>. Santa Barbara. Port
, Los Angeles and R^dondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., June 15. ID. 23. 27; July 1, and every fourth
dny thereafter.
For Ensenada. Matrdalena Pay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
nnd Ouaymas (Hex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chansr»
without previous notice steamers, sailing: date*
: and hours of Mlltner.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Acts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
ripe *1 - first Class including lserth»
l/inL <;S Second Cla*i and .Meal*.
Columbia sails June 22: July 2. 12. 22.
State of California sails June 17. 27; July <].■
17. 27. *
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt">.
' Helena and all points in the Northwer*.
I Through ticket- to nil points East.
E. C WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
jrfW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PA^M.
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound. •'-"- ' ; '
From New York Ever" Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York ...June 2 1 I New York July 12
<5t Paul June !*• St. Paul July 19
St. Louis July 5 1 New York August 2
RFO STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwnrk June 2' l Voordland July 12
I Westernland .. ..Tune 2' Friesland July 19
Kensington July 5 Adria July 2«
FMPIR r : LINE.
fientti*. St. Ml.hnsT. Daw,!,-, C!t».
j For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONA!- NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYoTISEN KAISIiA.
QTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COII-
- First and r.r.Tninn streets. 1 p. in., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
| Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honc'cone with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Railing .
NIPPON MART' Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July JJ
HONGKONG MART' Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelcht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
ANCHOR
United States JYtnil Stenmshios
Sail from New York Every Saturday fo:*
Glas&ow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Paj<!ni!t. S^JO ond upwnrJ.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. !*:{.">. Other Steamers, $.10.
Steerage Passage
Rome 825.50. Furne«<=la, 9i14.,"»0. Other
Strs.vr923.riO.
For Book of Tours and Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green. New York.
Or J. F. FUGA7/I. 5 Montgomery st..
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery st..
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery st..
SAN FRANCISCO.
■40s&HSi<3tfC ?ai!s fr ' r Honolulu
£ Friday. June 30. at 2
PMTCTi—»g«*a The S. S. Australia
TftJHKSa !=«'!*" '-T Honolulu
•t"" 1 * Friday. June 30. at 2
f^ t^^T^\ S. S. Marlposa sails
>ifp^iTlSnin=-' via Honolulu and
O)lulllDlllL' (L/ Auckland for Sydney
i / nmP?,i7U~ Wednesday. July 12.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez.
England, etc. : $«l<> first class.
I J D, SPRECKELS & BROS.CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomem
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Olflce.327 Market St.
CCMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. < T.IT-J, .l>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of ~,- i "? 7
' Morton st. LA TOURAINE. June 24; LA
GASCOGNE July 1: LA NORMANDIE, July
i 8;' LA CHAMPAGNE. July 15: LA BRE-
TAGNE July 22. First-class to Havre. Ka and
upward ' 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $4.i: 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents. 6 Montgomery aye.. San
Francisco. '
HOLLAND=AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK - ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
1 1 logne The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300) STATENDAM (10.B0O). First Cabin. $50
nmvaVrr Second Cabin. $37.
Saloon Steamers MAABDAM, SPAARNDAM.
I etc $37 Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
.!••' FTamlhook and Sailings to
THOS COOK ■■-■ SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents, 621 Market Street. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m.
dally. returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday exempted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at « p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m.. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., I
P m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
78
J. J. McINERNEY
PROPS SUDDENLY
OUT OF SIGHT
itrangely Disappears
From the Mission.
IS LAST SEEN ON FRIDAY
HIS FRIENDS SEARCH FOR HIM
IN VAIN.
Leaves Home With the Intention of
Attending- the Funeral of the
Late Father Flood at
Sacred Heart Church.
J. J. Mclnerney, a procer whose resl
b and pla«'o of business is nt the cor
• Clipper and Sanchez Btreetfl, dls
. red from his homo Friday morning
.1 late hour last night his rela-
Is had discovered no trace
a ■ reabi its. 1.- i Assembly. No. 5.
Young Mm's Catholic Union, of which
Mr. M Inerney is treasurer, turned out in
y on Friday to attend the funeral
Father James Fl I at S
jl.urt church, and when the missing man
wife good-by in I ng he
■ . that ho was to the
al. That is the last his wife lms
I ard of him and she la naturally
n <rried for fear he has met with
nt. i !•■ was n.>t at tl
• Ij recognized hi? sudden drop
• ely out of sight has occ i
much comment an
Friday morning Mr. Mclnerney visited
irew it English on Van
Ness avenue for the purpose of paying
some money i*> Mr. English, who is
isurer of the young Men's Cath-
Th< mi ■•■• •> . amountii i
■ ■ n resented the portion or the
. the picnic given by the organi
. on I "ecoration day which i ame
Mcln< nicy's hands as treasurer
of L< i Assembly. As Mr. r.iiirlish was
at the time the money was turned
to Mr. Carew, who t'uv.' Mr. Mc
lnerney a receipt for the same. After
S the ofl eof Carew & English Mr.
Mclnerney disappeared as mysteriously
: let( • - though swallowed by
arth.
3lng man is very well known in
I'athi ■ - and Is a man of temper-
Is of medium height,
■ Is and walks with a
ed limp, the result ■ I Ident.
}!• v. . ■ • , but ti" beard.
A f ri •ml of the family yesterday made
: ■ spitals and also vis
the Morgue, hoping and yet tearing
. ' ■ ■ .-ult it! finding
■ • man. The
h was unavailing, :. a .•■:-. and that
: ■ . Mrs. Mclnernej -
••I t think anj thing -• rious run
said last
jine where
i I v. ■ not in the habit of
. ■ from home < yen nn<«
He did n 3t have any ur>
with him and 1 can hardly be
..- met with foul play. A
■ • vh Ited all t!.>- hospitals
Mori • •■: mine . and if he
lent 1 think I should
I if It before this."
Mr « ■ \" no
-Mn-d anxious that the
THE MIRA MONTES WIN
FROM THE MOUNT VIEWS
JIM BRIDE WAS THE LADIES' IDOL.
9 C=rp3HERE has been a great amount
4 of rivalry between the guests
A of the Mira Monte and Mount
|3 View hotels for some time up
In Matin County, which led the
,~; men of the latter hotel to challenge
.*»■ their rivals to a game of baseball. The
' Mount Views are now sorry that they
•-> ike, as they were defeated yesterday
liy a score of 14 to 4.
1 The game was called at 10 a. m.. but
£, ong before the appointed hour the la
dies of the Mount View arrived on
t the grounds and took up their position
9 to cheer on their nine good men and
« true to victory. They made a very
-j imposing sight, as they all wore long
• reamers of red ribbons and each
* carried a red parasol. A few minutes
0 after their arrival the guests of Mira
Monto made their parade, and they
'• made their rivals' eyes turn green with
© envy, as in the first place they aris
♦ tocratlcally drove up in carriages,
_ and though the ladies at the latter ho
-9 tel had not the red parasols they had
♦ each of them a good big fish horn
_ trimmed with the team's colors of blue
9 and white. That was the first Waterloo
« for the Mount Views. The usual time
A was spent in both teams protesting
• that the teams were not made up of
4 the guests of the respective hotels, but
•-♦ •--♦-•-•♦-•-♦-#■-♦-#-♦-#-♦-#-♦-#-«
newspapers should make no mention of
her nusband's disappearance. Mr. Mc-
Inerney's friends do not appear to feel
greatly worried, althouKh all admitted
that it was exceedingly strange that he
should absent himself from home bo long
without any apparent reason, if It were
possible for him to return. His business
Is said to be prosperous, although small.
He formerly conducted a grocery store a
few blocks from his present location, but
his place was destroyed by tire several
months ago. His stock was insured, how
ever, and he realized sufficient from that
source to resume at his present stand.
"THE CITY AND THE CHURCH"
Sermon of the Rev. Mr. Stephens of
the Simpson Memorial Church.
The Rev. John Stephens of Simpson
Mi morial Church preached on the sub
ject of "The City and the Church." last
evening. A good-sized audience listened
to the earnest address of the pastor. Ho
spoke in part as follows:
| The evangelization of the city Is the greatest
problem that confronts the Christian church
to-day. The tendency in modern times Is to
ward large increase In urban populations ana
a corresponding slowness of development In
rur.il districts. Throughout the entire world
a tide of population seems to be flowing toward
the great centers. This has been produced
through industrial and social changes that
could not be resisted. This has given the city
even a larger place in the nation's affairs than
It has held In the past, and the Christlanlza
tion of the nation has become to a large extent
a question of the evangelization of the cities.
The church In this city has been keeping pace
in Its growth with the increase of the. popula
tion, but it has not been gaining upon the city's
development. The:» are. encouraging signs of
a healthful public sentiment In this community.
The successful protests of the public, as ex
pressed through our dally Journals, against the
gambling mania and flagrant vice presented
| on the stage ere good omens for the future.
HE BADE GOOD BY
TO THE MINISTRY
KEY. W. M. LOWELL PBEAOHES
TTIS FAREWELL SERMON.
The Divine Will Devote All His
Energies to Literature and
the Lecture Platform.
Rev. Walter Myron Lowell bade good-by
to the ministry last night at California
Methodist Episcopal Church and will now
devote himself entirely to literature and
t<> the lecture platform, in both of which
he has achieved some fame. Rev. W. w.
Case, presiding elder of the church,
granted him the necessary permission
with Tvor.'.s of commendation.
In hie farewell sermon, wWch b<
pr< ached from the text "Thou diJst well
that it was in thy heart," Ist Kings,
viil:l£, Dr. Lowell said:
We fall to apprehend the situation when we
understand the work of doing good to be ours,
and that God is only helping us in it. Th'i
work is His, and we are permitted to co
operate with Him. He is the architect, we the
laborers. He the captain, we the soldiers,
and yet there is n dignity conferred upon us
which may well make us lift up our heads and
make us proud of our calling. It is a great
honor for God Almighty to call in to His
service any one of the children of man to
assist in the work He has designed.
It is p. touching thing that after the work Is
finished, God should say to the man helping
Him, "Thou didst well." The Divine com
mendation is sufficient reward for all toil and
sacrifice.
We often fail to see our hopes realized, and
we fall of (iur highest ambition, yet it is
enough to know that "Thou didst well, that
it was In thy heart" to do It. It is much to
have a real ■<■ Ire to do a good work. There
will me a time when all the good we desire
will be accomplished. There will be no oppo
sition to . lod works in the other life.
Many of my dreams have not materialized:
much that I had hoped to accomplish has not
been realized, yet I feel it is well that it was
In my heart to do the good I have wished, even
If I have not seen my largest plans succeed.
After the services many of the congre
gation preseni pressed forward and shook
the retiring clergyman's hand and
wished him godspeed in his new Held of
labor.
the Mira Monte* were again to the
front. The captain of the team. Jim
Bride, had secured the services of
Hugh Johns of the ark Argonaut. Tho
captain of the Mount Views made a
strong kick against Johns playing, but
with excellent forethought he had
been supplied with a receipted bill
from the hotel for three months'
board.
The Mount Views were first to the
bat but failed to score in their first
Inning— in fact, they wore not able to
hit l>r. Stevens' swift balls until the
later part of the game, when certain
defeat was staring them in the fare.
The Mount Views did not worry about
not scoring, because they thought
they would play a waiting race and
just Jolly their opponents. But when
T>r. Stevens, followed by Johns, went
to The bat and hit pitcher Landry's
curves in the direction of San Quentin
there was a murmur of fear. The sec
ond inning of the Mount Views was a
repetition of the first. In the fourth
Jim Bride became the idol of the ladles
f< r.vermore. He went to the bat
with a look of scorn on his face, and
with a look of compassion at Catcher
H. Ahpel Buggested that he and his
companions had better learn to play
golf, as at baseball it was all over but
the shouting. He emphasized his re
marks with a homo rug. The Mount
\ lews did all their scoring in the
fourth inning, when they secured four
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 19, 1899.
KNIGHTS OF THE
RED BRANCH ARE
SPLENDID HOSTS
Seventh Reunion a
Happy One.
CROWD AGRICULTURAL PARK
THE POLICY OF ENGLAND IS
STRONGLY CRITICIZED.
Warm Resolutions Unanimously-
Adopted hy the Organization.
Interesting Bits of a
Day's Outing.
Two lonpr trains of enrs were necessary j
to accommodate the crowds that attended
the seventh annual picnic and reunion of ;
I the Kniphts of the Rod Hrnnch Rifles in ;
; Pan Jnst- yesterday. Agricultural Park
was filled with a merry crowd of picnick
era, who spent the day in danclnpr, stroll- .
lnj? through the spacious grounds nnd
| watching the hounds chase the lively
"jacks."
Delegations from Oakland and sur
rounding: towns attended the reunion. The
Garden City was well represented and the
representatives of that place helped to
i make the occnsinn a memorable one. •
i "Sergeant" Roach and Officers Olarke and
; Harris of the Southern Station had an i
easy time of it. the hoodlum element,
which usually attends a Sunday picnic, i
being: conspicuous by Its absence.
During the afternoon the. festivities j
were halted for a few minutes, and M. V.
Jordan, a prominent member of the- Irish
organization, introduced the following
resolutions, which were unanimously (
! adopted and ordered sent to the parties
mentioned:
Whereas— England's sophistry and hypocrisy ;
has manifested itself in the most hideous man- ;
j ncr for the past year. We repudiate ami de
'■■ nounce her fictitious and malignant news sent
I to the I'nlted States during the flaid time, j
She is now preparing: to make war upon a
free and liberty-loving people, their only
crime being the preservation of tlielr lndepen- •
dence, which she has denied to some of her
subjects for centuries; therefore, be It
Resolved -That we extend to the I'resident
of the Transvaal republic and to his loyal sub- ;
Jpi-ts cmr deepest sympathy. And we call up
on our countrymen in the South African repub- ;
lie to be true t i thp traditions of their race |
and to resist till death the criminal aggressions
of adventurous English squatters ;(M<l their j
supporters. And be It further
Resolved— That we Irish-Americans of the!
State of California, believing in the principle j
of the American constitution that all men are \
created equal, request our representatives In !
the national Legislature to protest ;<t;;iinst her
Iniquitous Bystem of land piracy.
Resolved — First — That we Irish-American :
• .-•■•■■• of the State of California do hereby :
:..| admire the actions of th<- H n
Daly, Mayor of I.imerlck.
:. I That we re ■ sn!zc Mr. McHugrh,
Mayor of si!t n . recently elected Councilman
and Magistrate, a Merlin*, patriotic Irish
Nationalist, and we congratulate him on his
ful effort in prohibiting a Tory Magis
trate from occupying the chair.
Third- -That w" send «r»'et m«s to the people '
of Irelan-1 fur the grand victory they achieved
| last April.
Fourth -That we condemn the difference nf
( pinion existing l*tw«-n the Irish members of j
Parliament.
The gamof proved a feature, of the day !
runs, and their lady admirers for a
momfnt breathed tlio> sweet scent of
victory, l.ut from that on they hold
their parasols toward the field, so that
their tears of mortification might not
be Been by the "horrid girls" on the
other side of the field.
At the end of the fifth ining the
game was drawn to a close and Joe
O'Brien- who had alternated with Al
Hampton In the capacity of umpire,
tore off his scarlet sash and murmured
something about passing the Mount
Mews up like, a white check The
mascot of the Mount Views, a big
rooster, also hung his head and seemed
very ashamed of his company. Jack
Martin took compassion on the poor
bird and tragically declared that he
would adopt the disgraced hoodoo.
At the close of the game the different
factions for a time extended the olive
branch of peace, and with the utmost
of good form the Mira Monte contin
gent, besides offering their condo
lences, heard with an air of patronage
their now defeated rivals' excuses for
their poor game of ball.
The Mira Monte team was composed
of Dr. Stevens H. Johns. W. Artin
J. R. Bride, C. Gould, J. C. Bride'
Titus, Allen and Jackson.
The Mount View team were Landry
Watson. Hughson. Rosenberg, Ahpel
Blake. Morton. Buckley and Leach
A return match will be played ln'the
near future.
and were witnessed by many. They re
sulted as follows:
Race for girls under 12— First, Mary Marnett;
•econd. May Smith.
Race for girls from 12 to 16— First. Reb«cca
Thompson: Recond, Raymond Valencia.
Young ladies' race— First. May Plunk«tt;
second. Lizzie Foster.
Young men's race— First, J. Morey; second,
R. C Fenton.
Professionals' race— First, H. Dupont; sec
ond, R. Baker.
Married ladles' race— First, fflnc. C. Peter
son; second, Mrs. Meyers.
Married men's race— First, J. Sullivan; sec
ond, Oscar Warner.
Fat ladies' race— First. Mrs. C. Peterson;
second. Mrs. M. Berry.
Fat men's race— First, P. J. Matron; second,
P. C. Morton.
Three-legged race-First, Joe Sullivan and
F. Murrey; second, Oscar Warner and J.
Quinn.
Long Jump— First. M. O'Dowd; second, R.
McShane.
Hop. skip and jump— First, Tom Kelly; sec
ond. M. O'Dowd.
Jig and reel— First, Miss Molloye: second.
Miss Cavonagh: third, Mlas Nellie Cavanagh.
Men's Jig and reel dance— First. K. Keane;
second, Frank Smith; third, S. Daly.
The success of the outing was due to
the efforts of the following committees:
Committee of Arrangements— Captain C. J.
Mellott (Chairman), Sergeant Jameg Smith
(Treasurer) Sergeant D. Russell (Secretary),
J. F. McCardle, J. Murphy, B. Nolan. T. P.
Crowley, W. McDonough, J. F. McCann. W. P.
Hannon.
Reception Committee— lieutenant M. J. Oaul
ClTiairman). John McSherry, P. Hradey, R. Cor
bett, B. Kevllle. J. Kenny, John McCabe, John
Fay, R McCarthy.
Floor Committee— M. J. Hession (Floor Di
rector) C J Kearney (Assistant). Owen Rielly,
J. Hayes, A. Whelton, P. Dnnohue, C. J. Mc-
Carthy, William Collins, T. P. Crowley, J. Fay,
M. J. Manon, J. S. Mullen.
Committee on Games— Sergeant J. Smith
(Chairman). .Trunes Murphy, P. Donohue. M.
Casey. Lieutenant M. Manix. ,T. J. Rofjerson.
Committee on Jig and Keel Dancing— Tom
Lyons (Chairman), Jeremiah Deasy, R. C.
O'Connor.
CHAPLAIN ALLENSWORTH
APPEALS TO HIS RACE
Chaplain Allenswnrth of the Twenty
fourth Infantry delivered an interesting
discourse to a larpe confrregration at the
Starr King A. M. K. /.ion Church last
evening. He spoke to the text: "Fi^ht
the pood fight of faith." During his
sermon he called attention to the fact
that the negro had fought in all of the
great wars of the nation and has won for
himself, and to the nation of which he is
a part, an imperishable record. The
speaker dwelt at length on the splendid
work done by the colored troops at San
Juan and other notable tights in the late
war with Spain. Ho said they were again
called to s" to Manila and bear a share
in the conflict, and he said they were
ready. That whenever a call upon them
was made they responded "Here I am.
send me."
The chaplain appealed to his young list
eners to educate themselves, intellectu
ally, morally and religiously; to become
men nf good, sound moral character, hon
est in all things and above all honest to
themselves and their race. Tie Impressed
this advice on their minds as being a
groat duty which he hoped every man
would fulfill.
He also appealed to his female audit
ors, beseeching them to maintain pure.
and virtuous characters, without which
the standard of the race could not be
maintained with a degree of dignity which
It ought to have as a raco.
At the. conclusion of the eloquent ad
dress the choir sang "Blest Be the Tie
That Hinds." The .-veiling service was
cli si d wit n a benediction from the pastor,
X.-v. T. Brown.
TO CENTRALIZE HOSPITALS.
Dr. Bazet Formulates a New Plan to
be Submitted to the Board
of Supervisors.
Dr. T,. Bazet, one of the membera of tlie
retiring Board of Health, is now busy per
fecting liis plans for the centralization of
the city receiving hospitals, with a view
to obtain more efficient and economical
service. The proposition will be submitter}
to the Health and Police Committee at
their next meeting and action will be
taken on it immediately.
I'r. Bazet has not as yet made his plans
public in regard to the proposed improve
ment, but they contemplate a complete re
organization of the present hospital sys
tem. My concentrating the service it la
believed' that better results will be forth
coming.
Dr. Bazet has also in view the adoption
of a new system of disinfecting by a
steam process without injury to the arti
cles which are submitted to it. and tnis
will form part of the new hospital serv
ice.
It is understood that the Mayor and the
Supervisors will co-operate with Dr. Ba
zet, ami that tins city will soon have in
operation a perfect system of dealing with
the city's Bick.
A DAY AT EL CAMPO.
St. John's Parish Picnic Will Be a
Delightful Outing.
Th<» parishioners <>f St. John's Parish
(old St. Mary's College) will hold their
annual picnic at Xl I'ampo Thursday,
June 22, lKfiP. Father P. D. Brady, tho
general parish priest, with the assistance
of his conßTPKatlon, has arranged every
detail which will be conducive to a jolly
good time for all attending- The follow
ing committees have been appointed:
Reception Committee— Peter Tamony,
chairman; Eugene O'Connor, Thomas
Minohan, John Tamony, Joseph Mc-
Devitt, John Cherry, John Mrlnerny,
Timothy Mlnehan. William McKeon, Jo
seph R. Johnson, T. R. Hulling, and John
Bkehan.
Gate Committee — Timothy Minehan,
chairman; T. R. Hulling and John Mc-
Inerny.
i 'cunmittPe nn Games— John Cherry,
chairman; Eugene O'Connor, T. R. Hull
ing, Peter Tamony, John Skehan, Thomas
Mfneban and John Tamony.
The floor committee will be in charge of
Company O, League of the Cross Cadets.
There will lie but one boat, and that leav
ing the Sausalito ferry at 9:"0 a. m. and
returning at 6 p. m. Adults -will be
charged .7> crnts and children 25 cents.
GOVERNOR GAGE ARRIVES.
Reaches the Palace and Shuts Him-
self Within His Room.
Governor Henry T. Gace arrived from
Sacramento last evening. He retired to his
apartments at the Palace and would give
no response to the many cards sent to
him. A most anxious crowd had gathered
in the court to welcome the Chief Execu
tive, but their fondest hopes were shat
tered by the asperity of the Governor,
whose individuality was two-fold last
night. Though "in," he was "not in."
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hepburn and I^ouise N. Wllkins to James
Tunstead, undivided one-half of lot on E line
of Franklin street, 68:9 S of Francisco, S 68:'.)
by E 124:3; $10.
Altre M. anil Ethel B. Ha«er tn Emeile Hager,
undivided one-third of lot on 8W corner of Sac
ramento and (iough streets, \V 125, S 137:6, E
2.">. N E 100. N 66; In.
William C. Grogs tn Maud S. Gregg, lot on
W line of Pierce street, 100 S of Vallejo, S 25
by W 112:6; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Louta Kep
pler, lot on NW corner of Twentieth and Noe
streets. N 98 by W 25; $10.
Mary Poasdn (Callagban) and Thomas Possdo
to Itcis&nna Bramwe.ll, lut on E line of Kearny
street, 54:6 S of Filbert, S 2S by X 27:6; $600.
Frank I'ettenati to Patrick Casey, lot on N
line of Bernard street, 137 E of Leavenworth
B 23 by N 60; $10.
Patrick T. Flinn and William W. Chase to
Henry K. Bnthln. Jot on S corner of Howard
and Eighth streets. SW 46 by SE 75; also lot on
S corner of Tehama and Eighth streets sw
122, SE SO, NE 22. NW 87:6, NT: 100, XW 42:«;
also lot on NE line of Eighth street, 165 SE of
Howard, SE 30 by NE 137:6; also lot on NW line
of Natoma street, 425 SW of Third, SW 30 by
NW SO; $10.
Estate of John Henry (by William F. Miller.
administrator) to J. Hurgoynp, lot on W line
of Sixth avenue, 250 N of B street, N 25 by W
120: 1696.
Phebe A. and William R. Hearst to Carl a.
L,arsen, O. L. block 1251, bounded by Seven
teenth nnd Eighteenth avenues, V and W
streets; grant.
Robert Adamson to McCarthy Company fa
corporation), lot on NW line of Circular avenue
92 NE of Sunnyside. N to lot 30. E 50, S to Cir
cular avenue, .SW 56:5%, lot 2S, block 4S Sunny
side; $10. '
Alameda County.
Thomas R. Dunn to H. E. Ragland, lot 7 and
east half of lot 6, block 25, resuhdlvislon of
Smith's subdivision. Mathewe Tract. Berkeley
quit claim deed; $30.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Carl Metz*
lot on W line of Tenth street, 162 feet V of
Grayson street. N 36:42. W 130:20, S 29.12 E 130
to beginning, being portion of lot 1, block 102
Graysun Tract, Berkeley: $."■.
James McGee to Frank Moore, lot on E line
of Grant street. 250 feet N of Channlng wnv X
60 by E 130, being lot IS, block 14. MeGee
Tract. Berkeley; $io.
Rebecca Wurta iwlfo of M. LO to G«orjfle F
Fryer, lots 1 to 6 35 and 36. block 175 on map
of sub lots 12, 13. 14 and portion of lot 11. cor
rected map Snyder Homestead Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Anna E. and Ellen L. Cotton to R. E. Rag :
land, lot on E line of Third street. 225 feet N
of Railroad avenue, thence along E Third street
2SO feet. E 30S, S 250. W 303 to beginning, Ala
meda, quit claim deed; $5.
R. B. and Mary H. Allen to Laurence Dent
ler. lot on E line of Versailles avenne, 20:> feet
S of Van Buren Btreet. S 40:6, E 186:7, N 40, \\
to beginning. Alameda; gift.
Mary J. Ryer to Alameda Land Company <a
corporation), lot on \V line of Lafayette street.
45:4 feet 3 of Enclnal avenue, S S Inches by \J
148, being portion of lots 1. 2 and 3, block S,
Bartlett Trart, Alameda: $10.
Luigi Ghirardelll to Jacob Vojrel, lot on SE
corner of Fruitvale avenue and Washington
street. S 30:40 by E 107. being portion of lot 1.
block 77L', map of C. C. Clay's sub-block 772 and
fractional blocks 725, 734. 747, 7f.2, 754 and .16
Le\T & Lane Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
D Bulow, Yreka IB D Carolan. Chicago
C .1 Fry Yreka Mrs T B Hubbard. Cal
II H Hunter Colorado Miss Hubbard. Cal
A. W Braes & w, Sacto C Gray. Ornvllle
Mrs E Eidred. Bacto O W Stewart. Mass
J H Corson. NY J C Dye. Jacckson
R Effey, Santa Cruz |E W Clark, S L Oblspo
A. H Conger. Los Ang; Maud Cale, San Jose
S Blight. Grass Valley Mrs W H Lathenneld,
DrIW Hayes, Cal : Satlcoy
Baron Falkenburg, Cal Mrs E Cole, San Mieru
II A Rogers. Cal Mrs E Cole, S Miguel
J Creel*. Greede, Ariz | \VP Johnson. L Gatos
1" W Henshaw, Onkld C 1' B»'ley. Cal
It C T Harrison. Yreka R H :S chell. Montana
N T Pike. Fresno A C Prye & w. Cal
Boyd Smith, Spokane 3 MlKhavacea &w, Cal
L, Bsckwitt. Cal Ij Smith, Cal
W D Pinkston. Auburn J M Peart, College City
C C Bosher, Menlo C B Bills, San Joss
B J Dennis, N V I
PALACE HOTEL.
B A "Weyl, Portland S Ullman, N T
C M Hunter. S Rafaol E H Cox & wf, Cal
Miss C M Hunter, Cal J C Fra"»r. Denver
G A Breder & w. Mo .1 G Berry, Baltimore
L Strother and wife, H Gabriel & w, city
Canada L A Crane. 9 Cruz
Mrs B F Stratton.X V Mr« L II Toeful, Cal
X L Bryan. N V E Grau, Lima
3 M Heller, USA S Matas, Guatemala
H W Rowland, Ens V Richter, Mexico
A F Devlne, England C Gruner, Berlin
R F Brctherton, NY A Rooser, Berlin
P Johnson, Fresno D W Ravenscrofl, Cal
Mrs W S Russer, Kas J C Ainswrvrth, Or«
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F L Manor & fam, AT G E Smith and wife,
Ben Fletzer, Rhned ■ Boise City Idaho
J A Small. S Barbara A X Moulton & family.
F Fetsall, Martinez Chlco
B C Combs, Alameda !.T I* Murtha 4 if, N I
I Mullhoy, San Jose 1' McCann, Portland
C Gummon, Orepr'.n 1.1 A KinK, O^den
A Gummon, Oregon |E Gerlsch & fam, \t
Ci" Harpin. Boston C MilU-r &■ w, China
T Qulgley, Boston Clarence Pray, China
SAN FRA NCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£15 L&rkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES-
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, ■¥•_
K. T Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter "jSp
Bt.— Special assembly THIS EVENING y
at 8 o'clock. The order of the Temple «j»
will be conferred. All fratera are cour- »
teously invited.
.1. C. CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WM, T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Rnyal _^k_
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- I^JK
ING. Business and M. M. degree. / V .
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. ■
M., THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at &
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master TKJT
Masons cordially Invited. By order of ' >
the W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. ft
Called meeting THIS DAY (MOX-^t^
DAY), June 10. 1539. at 7:30 p. m. . "•- TLJ\
gree 2. By order of the W. M. '» A
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
MISSION LODGE No. 169, F. and A. M. m
-Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _#%_
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock; first d.frre-. TKjr
By order of the W. M. /^T *
11. C. BUNKER, Secretary pro tern.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M., Franklin Hall. 1839 Fillmore Jk
st. Second degree THIS iMi >NI >\ V) TKjf
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By order nf/VA
the Master. HARRY BAEIIR. Secretary.
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Members v V7>t.
are requested to attend the funeral l&J/J
of MRS. HUNTER, widow of our "■SjvSkT
deceased fellow member, MR. DA- '*-i7f*
VID HUNTER, from her late residence. 903
Van Ness aye., on MONDAY, at 2 o'clock
p. m. JAS. S. WEBSTER, President
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
TWENTY-EIGHTH annual picnic of the Por-
tuguese Protective and Benevolent Associa-
tion SUNDAY, June 25, 18S9, at Shell
Mound Park, near Berkeley. Lambert Beck-
er's Marine Band has been engaged for this
occasion, also a string band for dancing in
the upper hall in the Azorean style. Tickets
25c, children under 12 years free. Boats leave
every half hour. Association leaves on 9:30
boat.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
Itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Ft., rooms 9-10: tat 6f>2o.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The German Savings
and Loan Society, 526 California st— For the
half year ending June 30. 1899, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per
cent per annum on term deposits and three
and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on
. ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Saturday. July 1, IS?9.
GEO. TOURNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco Savings
Union, 532 California st., corner Webb — For
the half year ending with the 30tn of June.
1899, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday. July 1. 1599.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 6S (twenty-,
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St.. on and
after TUESDAY, June 20, 1599. Transfer
books will close on WEDNESDAY, June 14,
1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Eutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley * Co., 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS "WANTED FEMALE.
SWEDISH houseglrl, good cook, strong and
willing;, $15 to $20. Apply MRS. NORTON
313 Sutter st.
A; SWEDISH nurspglrl, good seamstress; best
references; city or country. MRS. NORTON
313 Sutter St.
A GERMAN woman wishes work by the day-
understands all kinds of work. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
A MIDDLE-AGED German, good cook and
house worker, $12 to $13. Address or telephone
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
A MOTHER and daughter desire situation-
city or country; best of references. Apply
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish girls desire situations
as cook and second girl; best ref.; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter stf
FIRST-CLASS French and American cook ex-
cellent reference, would like a position as
working housekeeper; fully understands mar-
keting and willing to bear all responsibility
COOK, 929 Pine st.
YOUNG colored lady would like a situation to
do light housework and assist with children-
city or country, country preferred. Addre<*4
box 4608. Call.
YOUNG girl (16) wishes to assist In light
housework in the country; good home. Apply
4 Sunny court, oft Geary st., bet. Webster and
Buchanan.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do housework-
assist with cooking and some washing Art'
dress box 4754. Call.
YOUNG woman with a child would like a place
in city or country; pay no object. 640 How-
ard at.
LADY would like situation to do housework-
sleep home. Address 1619 Webster st. '
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
or week; good references. 441 Clementina st.
WANTED— Respectable American woman with
six-year-old child desires situation as work-
ing housekeeper, or to do cooking and house-
work In small family; good plain cook; coun-
try preferred; wages $12 to $15 a month Ad
drees box 451 Haywards, Cal.
SITUATIONS WASTED Continued.
T^o^^enT^girls^ith flrst-class references
•Itih situations as waitress or second work.
and one for housework. Call 37 Rausch st ,
between 7th and 7th Folsom and Howard.
CAPABIE woman with girl 13 years old wish-
C M TsmTaTion in country with respectable fam-
ily. Inquire 616 Lombard st.
RFSPECTABLE Swedish girl wishes place to
R do SP S ?wlng. mind grown children or upstairs
work. Please address box 4<42. Call ornce.
WANTED— By a superior American woman,
children's nurse or nurse to .n-
-vali- is a good seamstress; willing to ao
C hamberwork!no objection to country or
ranch. Box 4740. Call office.
GOOD laundress wishes work to take home;
prices reasonable. 1517 Ellis st.
PERFECTLY reliable woman' desires Potion
as housekeeper: country preferred. Address
box 4748, Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent seamstress, accus-
tomed to first-class dressmaking, wishes posi-
tion by day, week or month: willing to as-
sist with housework: no objection to travel-
Ing. 29 Eddy St.. room 15.
EASTERN woman of 30 wishes position a:<
managing housekeeper; city or country, or
as agent for wholesale house; can accustom
herself to most any kind of business, no
objection to traveling. Address or call from
10 a. m. to 4 p. m.. 7 to 9 evenings, 29 Kddj
St., room 15.
YOUNG widow desires a position as ; .house-
keeper; city or country. Apply at 314 hlxtn
St.. Oakland. '
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework, chamber work or work by the
day. Box 4727, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 2Gc to $1 50 night; $1 60 to»8
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414* O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant u6.
POSITION; good bar man; speaks English and
German; country preferred; best of refer-
ences. Box 4766, Call office.
WAITER, reliable man, wants night work;
German and English. Box 4744. Call.
YOUNG man with best references wants situa-
tion; would Invest $1000. Box 4629, Call. _
GROCER, thoroughly experienced, desires situ-
ation; sign marker. BAYNE, 119 Third s-t.
GOOD, steady shop butcher wishes position;
city or country. Box 4603, Call office.
POSITION as watchman by married man; can
give best of references or security. Address
box 4725, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly man, handy
with tools, as night watchman or janitor;
has city references. Address L. SCHAEFER,
742 Howard st.
YOUNG man of 24, German, would like posi-
tion at a private place as choreman; good
gardener. Box 4606, Call office.
BUTLER and inside servant wants situation;
understands care of horses, garden and cows
and every repairing in house; wages $25 to
$30. Box 4CIO, Call.
YOUNG man with experience in cigar and gro-
cery; best of references. Box 4735, Call.
YOUNG man of good address, with experience
In grocery, drug store and printing office
wants steady employment; references. Box
4626, Call office.
YOUNG German desires a position as nurse or
Indoor servant. M. W., 711 Bush st.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class barkeeper;
good mixer; city or country or extra work
done. HERMAN. l? 05 Powell st.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — Waitress, summer hotel, $25, $15;
waitresses for summer re.sorts, see lady Mon-
day; 3 waitresses, city. $20; 6 hotel waitresses,
country, $20: Protestant maid and assist in-
valid, $20; Scandinavian cook, no wash, $25;
laundress, $30; second girl, country, $25; Ger-
man second girl, $20; cook restaurant, $7
a week; 40 girls for housework ln American
and German families for both city and coun-
try at wages from $20 to $25; too many to
advertise. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Telephone Grant 185
10 waitresses for first-class resort, Santa
Cruz, to start 21st inst. ; see proprietor here
Monday. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
15 WAITRESSES, for first-class springs and re-
sorts, $20; 12 waitresses for best commercial
hotel, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait for re-
sorts, $20; 5 waitresses for best city hotels,
$20; chambermaid, $20. C. K. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
FAMILY ORDERS
Private family laundress, $30, one who can
go to country; 3 ranch cooks, $20; 25 com-
petent gjrls and women for cooking and
housework. $15 to $25; neat young nurse girl
Who understands care of baby. $.8 to $10. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
A GERMAN cook, $25 per month, no washing;
cook small restaurant, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
A WAITRESS, Marin Co., $25 per month; a
waitress, Lake Co., $20, fare paid; waitress,
St. Helena, $20. fare paid: waitress, Ross
Valley. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutler St.
A LUNCH and dinner waitress, $15 per month:
waitress San Mateo, $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 GERMAN girls for an Institution, one must
understand chamberwork and waiting, and
the other chamberwork and sewing, $20 each;
chamberwork and sleep home, $12 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A LAUNDRESS, private family, $30 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, same house, city, $15 per
month each; chambermaid and waitress, San
Rafael. $20. . MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
MIDDLE July. German or Swedish cqok.
American family. $40 to $45; same house,
chambermaid. $25; Ist July, German cook,
Jewish family. $30; same house, second girl,
$25. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
YOUNG German second girl, $16. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 41S Powell st,
GIRL for general housework, cooking and to
assist in care of children; call between 9 and
12 a. m. 2SIS Pine st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work: Protestant preferred. 29H Lilly aye.
WANTED— Good finisher on first-class coats;
steady work. 532 Folsom st.
WANTED— GirI in small family to assist in
housework; wages $S. 1797 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework in
small family. Sl4 Hayes St.. after 9 a. m.
A GIRL wanted to work on fine coats; able
to make buttonholes. 143 Larkin st.
WANTED— waitresses. 604 Seventh st.
WANTED— Piano teacher in exchange for
board. 604 Seventh st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in general
housework. 1217 Webster.
FINISHERS and apprentices on custom coats
927 Market St., room 623.
WANTED— flrst-class laundress for 3 months
ln the country; wages $30. Apply Monday
morning at 2202 Broadway, near Webster st.
EXPERIENCED coat makers; good pay
steady employment. M. J. KELLER CO..'
Oakland.
SEAMSTRESS apprentice, about 20 to 25 years
Call room 7, 15 Powell st.
GERMAN girl for light housework, must speak
German, $8 to $10. 238 4th aye. ; Geary ears.
OPERATORS on wrappers; string work: elec-
tric power; steady employment. STEUER
109 Battery st.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup.
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Call-
fomla Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
EXPERIENCED operators on gent's custom
shirts; steady employment. Rogerson's, 635
Valencia st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed:
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d st 6 .: open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting. 35c to
r.Oc. Sf>2 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices;
Steady employment. Eagle-son Co.. K35 Market.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose aye.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tlce; steady work. 354 Geary St.
HELP WANTED—
WANTED to-day— Wagon maker: quartz min-
ers; drift gravel miners; rough carpenter
for mine; house carpenter; woodsmen of all
kinds, fare advanced; blacksmith for wagon
shop; blacksmith for lumber camp; black-
smith helpers on carriage work; carriage
painter; milkers: farmers; choremen; stable-
men; fence builders: laborers for mines,
quarries, railroad work and brick yard; but-
ter maker; coachman and gardener; man
about place and many others: all at going
wages. Call and examine our list before en-
gaging. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Cook for resort. $40; cook and wife,
private family. $50: restaurant cook. $10 week;
waiters; baker for camp, $40; porter and ele-
vator man, $7 week; second cook country ho-
tel. $40; dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. J
I ! IE _ LP WANTED-Continued.
mu^y&^ldy^^
...leading Employment and Labor Agents...
W_rk?or?v FR ° 7A- M - MONDAY
Re c / e /-ybody who wants work
can "do this work"" Any Btrong> WUllnK man
20 t?^"? n la . bor !"- near c'iVy:.:s42'_nd" found v
20 teamsters for banking company L
i_"n'lVt"_UY"_ * ** z and found |
'5 Pab^r S boVel men - city. ...s3o and found
We win, » OLD MINKS IN CALIFORNIA..
25 tZ l to *° M ""''ay afternoon
il£rt r L C mon lab '>""s. no experience re-
l.abo?er hiS Job Wa es »Sstos2 40 day
i-aborers around the coal mines $55
i' ■■■-■ ■; SAWMILL HELP
C r m ° r * J umber Pliers $30 and found
Crosscut sawyers, $35 and found..
Shingle "Vo__^_ Timber fellers
Screw ( n^ ers lackscrewers
ComLiTv™ Redwood peelers
w™? » iborers for the sawmills and woods.
RAII »n I;!;-" Tie makers
40 «kl D WORK RAILROAD WORK
Also r : 11 "' 1 : teamsters Free fare
work a rmen ' drillers, laborers for tunnel
t,:V- ill $2 50 day
....HAI FIELDS. ...HARVEST FIELDS....
f"ill?n£,i t0 Work ln ha >' fle l ' ls - aU 1 " 18 of
Men ,™ 1 ' $32 '° and $35 and found
, Men to drive header wagons
I «_*_■* $45 and $40 and found
pom t? "c and 20c ton
FAr n.Y_? X '"" !:s FOR DAIRIES
e_nV; ul g " ranch ' '' men to dip ditches, "a
10 te,,n«t neces!::l n- ?26 and found
10 teamsters came ranch
''" farm, orchard ami vineyard hands
Vfiiir-r" $25 and ?30 and found
Milkers, different parts of State
Choreman-for-resuieno; S. SSSLff.^..^
BuUe-rmakVr-and; m nk; r V.V.:V:.-.s3otnd found
"••• •■•■ STABLEMEN
found"*.".. .. .. and cnuntr >'- V:5 and $30 an.
buggy washers '.*.'. * $"(
blacksmiths for mlnrs. i^cnVsiandJcountry
3 eh gr r nni, b X k u^ he> ' - ~5
bridgj carpenter m *{ij' Vinch hands
laborers for city / h ° P * Wtlron Jork«
laborers for city factory; man to work in
foundry; chore boys, etc.; roustabout '«
packing house.
MURRAY & READT.
■ 634-63 C Clay st. / W
FRUIT PICKERS FRUIT . PICKERS "
..For a large orchard and canning company .
20 strong boys or men to pick and pack
fruit, etc.. $20 and found, long j.->b to _a
Monday. Call early. ' ' ° I 0
MURRAY £ READY,
'" ' '
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk, country stor«L
single young man, California reference*
MURRAY & READY!
634-636 Clay ft.
BAKER for the mines, $45 and found; hakei
for railroad camp, $40 and found; bakers,
country shops, $35, $40 and $50 and found;
cook and waiter, railroad camp, 540 and $20
and found; chef cook, $60 and found; cooks
for springs and resorts, hotels, restaurants.
etc., $35 to $65 and found; head waiter and
waiters, same country hotel; waiters, springs,
city and country hotels, restaurants, etc.;
porter and runner: pantry men; dishwashers)
experienced milk wagon driver, city, $12 week,
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
PATTERN maker for mill and machinery com.
pany, country town; good wages; fare paid,
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
COOK for men large orchard company; good
wages: see boss here. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 183
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY -,
OFFICE OPEN MONDAY. 7 A. M.
WANTED
Railroad camp blacksmith. $3 a day; 3 stone-
masons, $3 a day; 100 teamsters, laborers and
tunnel men, $1 73 to $2 .'0 a day, all free fare;
2 camp waiters, $25 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
10 power drill miners, $3 50 to $4 a day, •*<•«
boss here; man and wife for a private place,
$40 and found; 3 timber fellers, $40 and found;
sawyer, north, see party here, $60 and found;
10 German or Scandinavian laborers for a
mill, $30 and found, see boss here; choreman.
summer resort, $25 and found; 10 farmers.
$1 25 a day and board; 6 farmers, $30 and
found, long Job; ranch blacksmith, $1 50 a day
and found •
HOTELS, ETC
Second cook, summer resort, $60; broiler, $45;
cook for a small resort, north, $50 and fare
advanced: pantryman, springs. $20; waiter,
springs, $20; waiter, country hotel, $25: Ger-
man waiter, country hotel, $25: dishwashers,
city and country, $20; silverman, $20;
washer and starcher, summer resort, $40 and
found and free fare; flannel washer, laun-
dry. $42 50 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary at.
FIRST-CLASS hotel butcher, with experience,
in some large, flrst-claes hotel, $75 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
NEAT young hotel barkeeper, $60 and found;
used to handling first-class trade. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter, $40; 2 waiters. $25; dishwasher,
$20; chambermaid, $20; all for same country
hotel; free fare. C. 11. HANSEN _. CO., 104
Geary st.
WASHER who can starch, hotel laundry,
country, $40 and found and fare free. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BAKER, country shop, $50 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st.
BARKEEPER for hotel at springs; $45 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gear}" st.
A MAN and wife for country. $40 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SECOND butler, $40, for July; must come well
recommended. MRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell.
COMPETENT man for railroad survey corps;
must understand use. of transit. Apply room
238 Crocker Building.
BARBER wanted to take charge of 15c shop.
624 Shrader St., corner Waller.
GOOD wood-worker for blacksmith shop. 1501
Folsom st.
MAN to take orders for printing. Aprly 51J
Filbert st.
WANTED — A cook from 9a. m. to 2p. m. Call
at 1326 Polk st.
PRESSER on pantaloons at 734 Montgomery;
st, room 1.
THREE good restaurant waiters. 112 Fourth
street.
BOY wanted in butcher shop at corner Geary
and Laguna sts.
GOOD man cook for a few boarders; wages $20.
680 Sixth st.
BARBER wanted: only first-class man need
apply. 100 Market st.
MALE chief cook wanted at Richard's Restau-
rant, 317 Fourth st. |
BARBER wanted; young man of two years'
experience. 1703 Devisadero st. __
BARBER wanted. 141 Ellis St.
BOY for errands and work in store: $3 a week
and board; bring reference. 714 Folsom st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 432 Fifth st
NIGHT clerk and bedmaker wanted. Alpha
House, 5 Market st. •
BOY to black boots at 544 ClayltT; wages, $5;
experienced.
FIRST-CLASS tailor; custom . coats; steady
work; $15 per week. 528 Jessie st. ,
STEADY waiter wanted at 246 East st.
ELDERLY man wanted on milk /«*=£• Appi-
James Kenney, Bllver aye., San Bruno Road -
vtfd— lntelligent, reliable man for re-
sponsible position. $20 a week must have $150
cash security. Western Invest. Co., 9 Geary.
WANTED-An experienced fur finisher. on« '
that understands the fur business thoroughlj'.
ran oversee the work and cut linings; a
steady posttion to the right party. Address.
Slfitine experience and salary expected. Tha
wffrMsSrjg>- Co.. Portland. Ore.
FIRST-CLASS presser on custom coats; steady
work. 239 Fifth st.
a Mia' wanted to stack hay, 1 to buck. 2 to
nit h $1 25 da >' and found '. man that under-
stands the Petaluma can have long job. Ap-
ply 721 Franklin St., cor. Fourth. Oakland.
WANTED First-class painter to buy lot or
cottage and lot and pay in work. THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
WANTED— A good cook. Call early ready for
work at 145 Larkin st.
YOUNG man to learn trade; must nave money
to buy small business. BROWN, 332 Bush st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS — shop in prosperous mining;
town for Bale; $50. H. W. ATKINS. Ophir.
Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that E<i Rolkln. Reno House propriator. still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WILSON House. 775 Mission St.. near Fourth—
100 modern rooms with hot. cold water; frea
baths; electric lights; elevator; 2sc to $1 night.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal.: sufficient
new ground has been opened up during th»
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H.
NORTON, superintendent.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team- "; y
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to ','
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery Ft.
WANTED— pick and shovel men at $1 75 per
day. Devisadero and Broadway, city.
BUSH, 421, above Kearny— Choice rooms; gas
and stationary washstand; 15c, tic upHELP ANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Expert dump men and powder men
for stenm shovel work. Apply to JAS. A.
[AHi >n. 210 Spear st.
A\ "\NTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per .
niulit. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Bteuart St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, lOc, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm. "
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13SV.- Eighth St.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day. ■
week or mo.; rates. 2,.c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
I'ENSIONS— J.H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys,
— —Hearst bldg.. Third and Market. ■
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 60 week. Elcho use, v ' ; 3 l ,s Market st.
TRY Acme House, :O7 Market st., below. Sixth,
f> r a room; 26c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus nn.l baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and '
c!-rks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter Ft.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, ! '
16 pnees. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Canvassers or grocers in every i
county on the coast for exclusive sale of Con-
solidated Flavoring Powders: strongest na- !
vorinp extracts made; sample jar postpaid •
;r»c. Consolidated Flavoring: Co.. 457 Ninth !
st.. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED- Agent Bchepp'a Giant Libra ry: •
cheap; salable; excellent; liberal terms. Ad- '
dress Manager, 954 Adeline st.. Oakland;
hour?, 9 to 12 a. m., 7 to 18 p. m.
FELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c: also
Leather Lustre; am. 25c. BROWN, 332 Bush. '
WANTED— Experienced solicitor to address j
men-hams: city: salary. Box 4605. Call. ;
PROPERTY WANTED.
• HEAP lots near car lines anywhere In San <
Francisco. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate and
Loans. Mills building.
■— ""™—^— —————»— »—-.^-»»-»—»—^—— I ■
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— House. 6 or 7 ms; bath: yard:
state rent, location. Address J., '-'■ •' Mission. I
FURNITURjJ! WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 73 9th. buys, sells.
exch. now & Id-hand fur., carpets, stnvss.
WANTEp^-SIISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper team« j
with harness and pead bars; long Job. K. B. I -
PTCNE. Elmhurst. ; j
ROLLER top d«sk. second-hand; must be fine, j .
H.ix lfSfi, Call office. i £
■-
DENTISTS.
A^-Dr"tT"s." HIGGINS Dental Parlors, 927 \ "
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkand; teeth extract- :
ed or filled without lain, electricity, gas pr ; i
chloroform administered; the best and most j
art Ist ie work at reasonable prices. Pure gold : .
filling, from Si: other fillings, from .W; I {
j'biies. from S4 50: flesh colored plates, from |
$:.: porcelain nr koUI crown and bridgework • -
fj.er tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work. •'
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
brldpework until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted tor 2'"i years; crown ■' ■
and bridgework teeth without a plate; fill- ' ]
ings, 50c; crowns. $" 50: plates, full set. $5; ;
all work painless and warranted CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar- <
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bid?., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crown*.
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- i
fice huurs. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager, j
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. X - ! .
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- > i
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4; I
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first i
prizes; r.o students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, 14: fillings. 25c up: gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex- .
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission st.. cor. 6th. j
DR. LI DLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN V ROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10 .
operators: no students. 997 Market st. (
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. BOc up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
A WEEK'S npvrz for 5 cents— The Weekly <"all.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
educational; j
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as- I
paying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mm- j •
tralogy, surveying, math, cyanide method, j :
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics. } ■
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice, !
Fhorthand, typing, languages, English; 21 I
teachers, day and evening; catalogue tree. !
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy- :
sical cu'ture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stai;e
technique; 15 instructors; degrees conferred; ■
day and evening classes. Address secretary
for catalogue, room 4. Odd Fellows' big, S. F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, !
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life,
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly in 6 weeks or a
year's course free; rapid cal'ns: other studies; ,
college graduates perfected. TARR, Expert j
Accountant, room 60, Flood building-.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Eills system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt. ;
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi. ; day & eve. ;
ept. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market. j
LAW Schools, 927 Market. P. F. . and 90.". Broad- ;
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence. I
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience; 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
MATHEMATICS, history. English taught;
coaching specialty: vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St, opp. City Hall.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. i
16 i ages. In wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
LOST.
?l"0 REWARD I will pay for the return of one !
pair diamond earrings and one diamond !
brr>och lost on the corner of Hyde St. and i
Golden Gate aye., as they are th» wedding
presents to my wife. Address T. LUBEL- I
SKI, 3 f| 7 Golden Gate aye.
LOST By working girl, small purse containing
money "and key, on Market street Sunday
forenoon. Return 1010 Lombard St.; reward.
COMING from Oakland. Saturday. 4 o'clock :
boat. "Berkeley," a black, double cashmere
shawl, paisley border. The finder will be
liberally rewarded. 3360 Seventeenth st. city.
FOUND.
FOUND— Horse, back of Ingleslde racetrack; j
owner can have same by paying expenses. 651
Raniseii st.
FOI'NIv— On Bay, near Stege, June 16, l sail-
boat and I rowboat: owner can have same
by i nying salvage. L. M. DARLING, Step*.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Hteam Ca~rpet Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 ar.l 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
fond to LDING'S Pioneer Carpet- j
beatlng Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel S. 40. )
CAHPBTS~cVaned, 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister St.. cor. Larkln: tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE •■;■:.•• Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carprt Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned nt 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
PTRATTON'.S. 3 Elgh t h st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
?t.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. R. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate: can- I cleaned, 3 C y a. , t.-i. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel East 126.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons^ buggies?
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; won broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, nuc-
censnrs Kllllp & Co.: salesyard. 1732 Market.
WAGONS AND CABJtIAGBS. ~~
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts, .
buggies, surreys and hordes. 1140 Folsom «t.
SEWING MACHINES.
H MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;!'
machine- supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer, White cheap; !
repairing guaranteed. 1815 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought aold. exchanged, rented; re- i
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth it s
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A.— S3OO— CIGAR store with club rooms and
laundry office; choicest location; close to
Powell and Ellis sts.; rare chance. R. G.
_ WILKE. 906 'Market st. ;
A— sSso; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
first-class paying place; no better offer for
man. and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Market Ft.
A— S4SO— BRANCH bakery and notion store In
lively country town. 18 miles from the city;
rent $15, including flat: a rare chance. R. G.
NY ILK K. 906 Market st.
A— sl2oo; BAKERY in lively country town;
established yea,rs: monthly sales $1000; rent
$25; horse, wagon, living rooms; a good pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— M5O; BRANCH' bakery in the Mission: 4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good paying place;
clears about $100 per month. R. U. WILKE.
806 Market st.
A— sl6oo; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rms.; one-half block from Wieland's Brewery;
daily receipts about $26; cash trade only; a
rare chance. Call K. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
MCC— GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; south
of Market; rent $25; owner selling on account
of other business. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$700— BUTCHER shop; 35 miles from city;
route of 135 regular customers; receipts from
$1600 to $1700 monthly; living rooms; bargain.
LESS, 765 Market St.
$400 — OYSTER bouse and tamale factory, near
Market: must be sold at once on account of
otiier business In country. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
f2OO— [GAR stationery, notion and candy
store; 5 sunny rooms. COWING & CO., 995
Market St.
DELICACY store: must be sold; great sacrifice;
leaving city. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
A ROOMY house, 10 light rooms; bargain this
day. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
CATHOLIC book store bargain this day.
COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
flso— PARTNER wanted in light business; $15
to $28 a week; trial given; no experience re-
quired. Western Investment Co., 8 Geary st. '
COAL yard for sale; cheap. Western Invest-
ment .... 9 Geary st.
M"O— I'AINT and paper hanging business; pay-
ing. Mclaughlin .<• co., 777 Market st.
Sl2OO MANUFACTURING business; established
10 years: accident cause of sale; paying busi-
ness. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
■\ FINE list of business propositions In saloons,
grocery stores, branch bakeries, restaurants,
coffee houses, merchandise, etc.; all kinds of
business bought, Bold and exchanged. EITEL,
IOOSMi Market st.
$1000— BAKERY: prosperous country town of
4000; Btou and wagon trade $20 day; supplies
4 towns with bread; fine opening for hustler;
trade can be doubled. JONES, 865 Market St.
(200— HALF interest in manufacturing business;
big profits. National Agency, 788% Market.
SALOON -Bargain to-day; part rash, balance
monthly payments; going East cause of sale.
I.M Fourth st.
\.— S22S— CIGAR stand and laundry office; 26
Second st.. near Market . good chance.
SVANTED Stock of millinery goods; must be
reasonable for cash. Box 47.".,'.. Call office.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire of
636 Third st.
$1500 TO $2500 .will purchase Interest In ex-
traordinary profitable business seldom offered;
no saloon, night or Sunday work: particulars
at personal interview to principal; lnv<-<ti;?a-
tlon solicited: references exchanged. Address
box 4745, Call Office. ;
FORTUNES in rubber and coffee; plantations
for sale; dividend paying; participation $10
up; write for prospectus. MEXICAN IM-
PROVEMENT CO., 220 California st.
OLD established saloon and dancing hall for
rent, and stock and fixtures for sale on ac-
count of retirement from business of owner.
Apply to McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery.
LADY with some means desires bright lady
with equal amount to Join her in profitable
enterprise. Box 4750. Call office.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In; rent 1
reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor. Clement st.
Take Sutro car.
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; yard; will sell
cheap; good living; investigate. 130 Eighth. !
WANTED— Good sober business man In old-
established real estate office. Box 140, Call
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good place for
French restaurant. Apply USA Ellis.
GROCERY and bar for sale; terminus of road.
Address J. P., 2526 Mission St.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and bar for sale;
living rooms. 1795 Ellis st
LADY wants working partner wifh some cash
in good-paying business; security for cash in- I
vested. Address M . 626.-$ O Ft., Sacramento.
BOOK and paper store In city: $200, half cash,
half on approved note: good location. Bos !
4741. Call. . !
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
business; Investigate bet. 2 and 4 p. m. USA i
Kills st.
$15— TO let; poultry stand In market; with
large trade. 1307 Polk st.
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply at 234 O'Far-
rell Bt.
BARGAIN— House furnishing and repair shop;
complete set of tinner's tools and machines;
stock of tin, agateware and house furnishing
utensile; for sale cheap on account of sick-
ness; store located at 20078 Fiilmore st., city. 1
Address E. VAN EVERY, Eden Vale, Cal
FOR sale— established carpenter shop; :
owner retiring from business; rent cheap. \
IMS Unoln st.
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
GENERAL manufacturer wishes to communi- i
cate with gentleman with $8000 or $10,000,
greatest opportunity In this line In United
States; full Information by address. Box
1516, Call office.
GOOD hotel in Sacramento; doing first-class
business; good location; 65 regular hoarders;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
FOR sale— A good paying saloon. Inquire '
Rathskeller, 544 California st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CARWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$400 i"-R'H>M -■ r. fiat?; worth $1000; 0n1y... $400
30 rooms: new fur. 250 cash, balance $10. 1000 j
22 rooms; on Howard st 500 <
MY BEST BARGAIN TO-DAY IS i
..A 10-ROOM HOUSE; NEW FURNITURE..
$100 CASH
..BALANCE $10 PER MONTH; PRICE $450.. !
18-room house on Third st $375 i
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
Country hotel and bar: un rooms 1800
5-room flat, near Emporium 250
15-room house; worth $600 250
H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market St., 1020 Market St.
It. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market St.
18 rooms; Geary st.; $300 cash, balance
payments of $10 monthly $650 ;
29 rooms; rent $83 SO; north of Market: $450
cash, -balance payments $10 monthly $700
MONEY TO LOAN at 2 per cent.
$250 — ELEGANT house 10 rooms; first floor doc-
tor's office; selling for best reasons; 50 other
houses for Fal<\ HEALY, 917 Market St.
22-ROOM house, near Market St. ; rent $40.
$300—18 rooms: central; all rented: $1.10 cash,
balance on time. BASILS, 873V4 Market St.
A— s6so— ls-room lodging house, rent $40. clear-
ing J5O per month; Kearny st. R. G. WILKE,
906 Market Ft.
A— 65- ROOM lodging house: centrally located:
best In city; bargain. COWING &. CO., 995 j
Market st.
FOR SALE— WeII-paying lodging house of 12
nicely furnished rooms: rent only $25; price
J225; no agents. Apply 130 Second st.
THIRD, -Lodging house of 11 rooms for
sale cheap.
LODGING house for pale; a bargain, as owner
leaves town by July 1. 809 Putter st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of three rooms, fine folding bed,
blue flame oil stove; reasonable. 705 Katoma.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets. laid and lined,
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton Bt.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak fo,r 348 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-885 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor. Chronicle building: no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach- |
ments, bankruptcy, all coses; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of- j
flee open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C. I
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels building. j
ADVICE froe; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. s?0 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful, W.
W. DAVIDSON. J27 Market St., opp. Mason.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship: Bth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKJS— Emma Spreckels building. • - J 7
Market: consultation free: no fees In advance.
phYsicians.
DR. C C. O' DON NELL, office and residence,
AOJIH Market at., bet, 6th tad 7th.
mE sAy francisco call, Monday, june 19, i 899.
PERSONALS.
LEDERErTs QUINTONICA ls"a~~deTishtful '
tonic: stops your hair from falling out and
v ~ effects a healthy growth: 35c bottle. |
GO to LEDERER, the hairdresser; latest 1
vogue in hail-dressing, , 25c; see Foamo j
Shampoo exhibit in window, .> pkg; switches,
Jl up; hair rolls, 10c. 123 Stockton st. j
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark I
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. _ Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester :
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms; i
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. !
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, Bur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post Bt.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low .
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting ;
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton 6t. |
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 108 Elm aye.; !
office, Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.; j
separate ward for contagious diseases.
GENTLEMEN'S sewing or mending at 271
O'Farrell st., room 12. j
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec- |
tion ;guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine, ab. Keany. ]
A— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order |
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome. ;
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago I
Clock Co., 1814 Market St.; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or- I
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter st. [
A— Ladles, or gent's clothing, furniture, bought, •
sold; lei. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
Jl a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng-. O. Nolto,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason. ;
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly |
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1, !
postage paid.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary st.: dresses made. $5 j
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
. ,^-^v^ I
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
lite reader: also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet. I
Post and Geary; sittings $1; diagnosis free.
MRS. MANDENA. clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; test circles
Wednesday and Friday eves.; 10c. 234' ■ Sixth, j
JOHN PLATER, circle to-night at 8:15 sharp I
at I "'.' Stockton; sittings daily from 10 to 4.
MRS. A. ALLEN, No. 1122 Market st— Clair- j
voyant business medium; sittings daily.
MRS. MEN A FRANCES, independent slate- |
writing medium. US Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. '
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 31.*. O'FarrelL
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
 I<lJU^^ _^ I
MIPS J. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair- j
voyant and medium; those In trouble or who j
wish to know their future should consult this |
gifted medium immediately, either In person ;
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the |
highest professor in occultism and is master j
of the power by which she can reveal your ■
entire life; also the lives of those in whom '
you are interested: satisfaction guaranteed by
mall, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and j
card reader; born with double veil and sec- |
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read- j
ing; ladles, 50o; gents. $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from New York, palm-
ist and card reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms
1 and 2. i
Miss KING, card reader; 25c and up. 1032 I
Mai I St., room 3. !
RAY FAIR, returned; wonderful gift of second !
sight and card reading; parlor 3. 1" Powell. i
Miss GEORGIE TAYLOR— Returned; card
reader and palmist, 110's Turk pL, rooms 1-2.
2 LADIES lately from the East; palmistry i
and card reading. Room -. 17 Grant av<
MME. HANSON, card reader and' palmist;!
past, present and future. 2'c. 14$ 6th, r. 12.
MIPS i.. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist, i
1065 Market st., room 2. |
MRS. EDWARDS. clairvoyant and card
card reader. Room 7. 620 Bush st. first floor.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmstry. 203
Post st., room 1.
MIPS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. M - Geary St., rooms 1 and 3.
GYPSY QUEEN has returned: clairvoyant and
palmist. 204 Ellis st., rooms 35 to 36. \
MISS IRENE WILSON, card reader and palm- j
ist. 120 Ellis Et.'. room 6. j
MISS SHELDON is located at 17 Grant aye., ;
room 6; card reading and business advice.
Miss M. FOX, celebrated card reader, room 12, ]
311 Grant aye.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business ]
advice; names given; 25c up. i" Fourth st.
MISS ALEECE FAURE. card reader. 405 Kear- |
ny St., room 34; French and English spoken, j
MRS. KOPP, natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader; 50c. IS Lewis st., off Taylor, nr. Post. !
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and j
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist, j
Parlors 12 and 18, second floor. 565V4 Market.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 2"c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission, j
MME ETTA RALPH, magnetlst and psychom-
etrlst; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln St.. room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. : clairvoyant.
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; !sc.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus- .
band's picture, He; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. '
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly j
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for Jl per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAAP.D. pupil of Count St. Ger- i
malne. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyda
2621; reading by mail, $1. ;
YOUR fate Is in your hand: scientific palmis-
try. MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market st., r. 30.
PROF. D. LANDER will read your hand to
perfection. 34 Sixth St., room 8.
MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist, 918
Bush St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium: minerals
located; lucky days: palmistry. 319 McAllister.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st '
FOR Monday and Tuesday only— A fine seal- i
skin Jacket for $60, cost originally $200; a very
high-power binocular Held glass for $24, cost
originally $55; a beautiful p«:tr! Inlaid. Ivory
trimmed mahogany guitar, almost new, for
$17, former price $30. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
BARS, buck ban", mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures: new and second-band.
J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above sixth. !
EARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
230 MONTGOMERY aye.— Gordon setter, fox,
Scotch and skye terrier pups; also Manila !
billy goat; a curiosity; broke for harness.
BAND saw for sale; price $45; can- be seen
running. K. H., 547 Brannan st.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line i
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building. ]
MEN'S furnishing goods flxtures^for sale. Ap-
ply at 331 Montgomery st.
ENTIRE stock of A. N. Bailey's fancy pigeons
Cheap. 362 San Carlos aye., near 21st st.
HANDSOME gilt frame parlor mirror and oil ■
paintings for sale, cheap. 739 Pine st.
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. White, 516 Mission.
FIRE and burglar proof safe and National j
cash register; cheap. 42 Main st.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
GASOLINE englnes-1 h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $17.". Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 95: fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth- !
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial. |
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento St.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing-, $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT NW. corner Putter and Scott; rarely beau-
tiful: appreciated if seen; 6 rooms; glazed
porch; ?25, water free.
HOUSE, 11 rooms, $25; for rooming house. 623
Second st. ■
HOUSE of 6 rooms; nice yard and cellar. 1133
Folsom st. ; cheap.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELI*,
10 Montgomery st.
MISSION, 3215%— House of 14 sunny rooms;
bathtubs, etc.; suitable for roomers.
SUNNY house, 7 rooms and bath. $724 Brod-
erlck St.. near McAllister; rent $22.
2 FINE houses, 3356 and 3XBB Twenty-first- St.,
near Guerrero; 7 rooms each; in perfect con-
dition; rent very reasonable; see them. E. G.
DHNNISTQN, 3454 Twenty-first St.
FUKNISHED HOUSES" TO LET.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms and bath, complete; cen-
tral: to man and wife only; low rent If good
reference. E. F., 1509 Buchanan et. ■
MISSION, 2538, near Twenty-second— B rooms
partly furnished; modern built; latest im-
provements; water free. Room 8. Flood, bldg.
6 ROOMS; furnished cottage 4 or 5 months
cheap to desirable parties. Box 4607, Call.
COTTAGES TO LET. •
COTTAGE. 3 rooms, $8. Inquire at grocery
Jersey and Sanchez sts., near Twenty-fourth.
SUNNY cottage, 4 - and 5 rooms; flat, 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
$12— SUNNY cottage. 6 rooms; newly renovated.
5 Railway aye., off Dolores St.; key at 3379
Seventeenth st. ' : - * .-.;
FLATS TO LET.
A— BEST tenants wanted for good landlords.
Flats— Flats— Flats— Flats— Houses—
Houses— Houses— Cottages— Cottages—
—Cottages -Downtown— Mission— Western Ad-
dition. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
A NICE flat of 5 rooms: partly furnished; rent
reasonable. Call between 12 and 4 p. m., 35
Turk st.
A— slo; 4 ROOMS and bath; yard; sunny cor-
ner; upper flat. 114 San Jose aye.
COZY flat; 3 rooms, bath: modern. 8 Middle
St., off California, near Fillnyre.
FEW steps from City Hall fine sunny top flat;
6 rooms, bath. 10 Grove st.
FLAT— 6 rooms, $14; cottage, 4 rooms, $10 25.
623 Second st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HARRISON, 2717, bet. 23d and 24th— Sunny flat
of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
HOWARD, 1072— Flat of 6 nice rooms and
bath.
MCALLISTER." 1129— Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; reasonable to good tenant.
POLK, 1839, nr. Jackson and Sutter cars— 4 ;
neatly furnished rooms; bath; gas; grate.
SINGLE lady would like small family to take
part of Bat. '.">!' Nineteenth st.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $18: repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery. !
UPPER sunny flat. 4 rooms; hall; double
parlors. 22 Lexington aye., near Eighteenth.
$12— FLAT. 4 nice rooms; bath; yard. 3231
Twentieth st. Apply 711 Treat aye. I
$16 LOWER Hat, 5 rooms and bath: newly
painted. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard. I
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ADELINE, 864, Oakland— sunny fur-
; nished housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable;
| near local.
1 BOWIE ,-tve., 6—3 large, newly painted and i
papered unfurnished housekeeping rooms; j
rent cheap 10 a small family.
BRODERK K. 1924, cor. Sacramrnto— 3 unfur- j
| niHhed rooms for housekeeping; or with stove j
| and carpet. i
j BRYANT, 464. near Third— 2 rooms, complete
i for housekeeping; private family; bath; ref.
' CLEMENTINA, 707—2 front light connectlnt,-
-i housekeeping rooms; stove; laundry; bath; .
! rent $10. . I
I -
■ FIFTH, 24 * — Two rooms, furnished complete :
i for housekeeping.
j FOLSOM, ESS, near Third— Housekeeping and
I single rooms; furnished; rent reasonable.
i FOLSOM, 1138 — C sunny rooms complete for:
■ housekeeping. |
! GEARY, .'56 — Elegant sunny front parlor, piano;
j suites; other rms.; privilege light hkpg.; tel.
I GEARY, 1917— Furnished and unfurnished flats; j
each 4 rooms, - baths, 2 toilets, 2 cellars; i
' gas; every convenience; $IS. .i - : •
I HARRISON, 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $14.
HOWARD, 528, bet. First and Second—
furnished sunny room and also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 761% Nicely furnished sunny bay-
| window suite; kitchen; man and wife; others.
LARGE sunny furnished room: bath; grate;
running water; large closet: pleasant home:
central; rent low. Box 4726, Call office.
j LARKIN, 326 — 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart- j
i ments, furnis.h^d complete; gas range; bath. '
) MINNA, 2S— Nice sunny furnished housekeep- :
ins rooms; $1 per week.
| MINNA, 539, near Sixth Large front sunny
room furnished for housekeeping; and other
, rooms.
I MINNA, .-.(:>— 2 sunny furnished connecting
rooms; suitable for light housekeeping; rent !
very reasonable.
OAK, 119 Two BUnny parlors furnished for
housekeeping, $12; 1 front room, same, $8.
| PEARL, 3. cor. Market— Two connecting rooms
] furnished complete for housekeeping; $10.
i PERRY, 263 3 unfurnished large sunny rooms;
i new house: separate entrance; rear; cheap.
PINK, 1304— Sunny bay-window basement. 3
rooms, for light housekeeping.
PINE, 2903— Front and 2 connecting rooms;
sunny; unfurnished; housek'ptng; very cheap.
SEVENTH, 2G2— Newly painted large furn. rms;
Ist floor: front garden^ back yard; stove.
SIXTH, 216%— Nicely fur. sunny front rooms;
single and hskpg.; running water; reasonable. I
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 to 1 nicely furnished
i sunny housekeeping rooms, $7 to $12.
STEVENSON, 403, cor. Fifth— Housekeeping J
rms.; complete; newly tinted; $S up;. homelike.
THIRD, 340— Sunny rm. complete for hskpg.,
$1 50 wk. ; 1 large front alcove rm., $2 week.
! TURK, 543— Sunny bedroom and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove; $3 25 week.
TWELFTH, 14.")— 2 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping: al»o 3 rooms: gas and water.
TWENTIETH, 3622. near Valencia— sunny
furnished connecting rooms: bath, sink.
—
ROOMS TO LET.
' AIu7iN"GTON llouseT 1^ Kearny "st^pTeasan^
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
In every rtspect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day.. MRS. J. KING.
A— SUTTER. 717. 831 Furnished beautifully;
! very choice; reasonable; appreciated if seen.
BALBOA, 1049 A Market— hands: re-
spectable, first-class rooming house; elegant
sunny outside rooms; elevator; modern con-
veniences; prices reasonable; transient solicit-
ed. H. M. McCOLLISTER, Proprietor.
BOHEMIAN, 23!) Post, cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner, rooms and suites; quiet, all conveni-
; ences; tourist; elevator, etc.; first-class refs.
BUSH, 830%, corner Taylor— Furnished rooms
to let for gentlemen.
BUSH, 1121. cor. Hyde— Beautiful rooms, $10 and
| $12: sun, bath, running water; home comforts.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— corner fur-
nlshed and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
i FOLSOM, $20, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 week and up.
GEARY. 14A— Large well-furnished suite, run-
i ning water, $20 mo. : hkpg. ; others, $1 50 wk.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
' HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. •
HANDSOMELY furnished sunny front room;
: running water; private family; reasonable. 72"
I Golden Gate aye.
HARRISON, 784 M.. near Fourth -Finely frnshd.
rms., sunny; bath: homelike; conv'ces; $1 wk.
lIOTHi Grosvenor, 3'? Sutter, near Stockton—
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; 'elevator; free baths.
JONES, 60S— small room In private family;
rent reasonable.
KEARNY. 326— Sunny second parlor, with use
of front parlor, for gentleman or man and
wife. In private family; rent cheap. Inquire
shoe etore. . ..
LEAVENWORTH, 510— Nicely furnished sunny
room in private family: $6 month.
LINDEN aye., 88&— Nice sunny front room fur-
nished; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; call in
the evening.
MARKET. 1035, bet. 6th and Several choice
front sunny suites; also single; from $1 50 up.
MISSION, 925V4— Handsomely furnished sunny I
bay-window front room; first flat; reasonable. J
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MISSION, 1210— Elegant and new furnished
rooms; also suite suitable for doctor. "
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
ATOM A, Sunny furnished room; also 2
unfurnished, for housekeeping.
NICE sunny room; suitable for gentleman;
gas; bath: private family. 425 McAllister st.
OCTAVIA, 418—1 or 2 sunny furnished rooms,
with or without use of kitchen.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRRLL, 129 A, nr. Powell— frnshd.
rms.; bath; gas; quiet: home comforts.
O'FARRELL, 427 — Small prettily furnished
room; also handsome large room.
POLK, Unfurnished front room; one or
two small furnished rooms.
POWELL, — Newly fur.; new management;
single, double, transient; next ■to Columbia.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladle*' parlor; rooms, per night. 36c to $1 50:
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 2902, cor. Howard— Single fur-
nished room. $1 a week.
SUTTER, 1111— Furnished rooms,- single and in
suites; also housekeeping; terms reasonable.
THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth St., near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. 25, near Market— Sunniest rms. In S.
F. ; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK, 39, cor. Taylor— Housekeeping and
sunny single rooms reasonable.
TURK. 529— Large sunny room; folding bed;
grate: housekeeping if desired.
TURK, 10SV4. nr. Taylor— frnshd. rm.
for gentleman; quiet; private; central; $12 mo.
TURK, 542— Large sunny bay-window front
room; 3 blocks of City Hall; bath.
VAN NESS, aye., Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bay-window suite; kitchen; also other
rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front suite and
kitchen; gas range; bath.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT 415 First St. — Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
BEAUTIFUL sunny alcove rooms suitable tor
2: grand view; desirable location; strictly
private. £28 Oak St.
HOTEL Victoria. 1105 Hyde. cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional.
LAS i PALMAS. 1820 Market— Parlor. 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath: board op.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Furnished suites and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarders.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Large sunny front suite;
first floor; privilege of hskpg; board optional.
SUTTER, 1128— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTED — 2 children to board, in the country:
kindergarten training and pleasant home sur-
roundings; references exchanged. Address
P. O. box 37, Palo Alto, Cal.
WANTED— One or two children to board; also
room. 439 Minna st.
INFANTS boarded; confidential. Box 700. Call
office.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.; popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
A— BEST tenants wanted for good landlords;
stores stores stores stores
for all kinds of business
downtown Mission Western Addition
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
SIXTH, 204— First-class location for dry goods,
millinery or fancy goods; rent reasonable.
Apply W. WOLF, upstairs.
; STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
! stand: corner Market. California and Drumm ;
! sts. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
$15 STORE, use of fixtures; good for dress-
maker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
I $16— MINNA, 140, near Third; fine location;
i with 3 rooms. Apply BALDWIN & HOW-
j ELL, 10 Montgomery St. ■ ■
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAVKRI.K, German Expert Optician:
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 Market Bt., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
! ■
MEDICAL.
I A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour- |
aged Should call on the doctor and state their
; case before going elsewhere; they will find
I in her a true friend: a home for patients.
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $."; no instru-
! ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYRR. 510 Eddy
St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed '
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5: home In confinement: skillful medical at-
j tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH.. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlen,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practUe: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any dl§°a »- or irregularity : disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market St.;
I pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restorrn Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed euro at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Marnet St., Detween
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. . Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT — A groat progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5: restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
femaie specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated sucessfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, pave time and money;
treatment car. be ured at home; consultation
free; call or write. 1023^a Market St.
FREE treatment until cured— To introduce th»
famous Yosemite Mineral Water, a limited
number of cases treated free. This water
contains the moat wonderful curative powers
ever discovered in a mineral water: Investi-
gate this: see our testimonials. THE YO-
SEMITE REMEDIES CO.. 1007V4 Market St.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by. Chi-
nese h?rbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: well-
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home; no instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment $.'. MRS. AL-
LEN, 228 Van Ness aye.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
St.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to be-
iruro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA, 215H Mason st.—
Private home in confinement; ladle*' friend
in trouble: terms reas.; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor, 43d
and Linden, Oakland: home In confinement;
children adooted out. Tnke Grove-st car.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 111S Market st. - Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home during confinement; best of
attendance. Address box 527, Call office.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. '
STORAGE. •
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 211.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
I Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Mala $711.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
THE choicest lots in Richmond on the elevated .
ground, sitely and having the marine views: I
only 3 left; 2.">xli\" each; ready for building;
all street work done; electric cars pass every
few minutes; Tenth aye., east side, close to
Clement St.; signs on the lots; those looking
. for a choice location for a home will buy
these; just the spot to build on; price only
$690 cash; .nothing to equal them. . W. J..
GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park."
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, 110 Montgomery.
VERY fine Castro-st. vacant corner; worthy in-
vestigation; must be sold at a sacrifice, quick.
J. J. EVANS, Real Estate: money loaned to
you and for you; Mills building. • ;
50xSO— TWO choice building lots cheap this
week; owner. ■ 1697 Folsom St.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market st., makes loans on .
second mortgages, estates, etc. ;
$875— BARGAIN; house and lot on San Bruno #
road car line; must be sold this week. J. J. '.
EVANS, real estate and loans. Mills bldg.
3 LOTS, Gift Map 2; $15 down, $15 a month. i
Apply G. Nylander, 611 Moultrle St., Holly
Park. ,
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St., makes loans on
second mortgages, estates, etc.
$1300— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 27^x100. 229
Diamond St., between 19th and 20th.
NEW 4-room cottage cheap; installments. 40
Prospect aye.; Mission cars.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St., makes loans on
second mortgages, estates, etc.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pases, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1
postpage paid.
COUNTRY RJUAL ESTATE.
TO exchange for any kind of city property,
ranch 160 acres In Alameda County, near
Sunol; fenced barbed wire; spring and creek;
fine land; good stock farm; will pay to in-
vestigate; owner anxious to dispose. J. J.
EVANS, Real Estate. Money loaned to you
and for you. Mills building. '
LOCATIONS made on good Government land
near railroad town for $73, including survey;
plenty of wood, water and open land. Ad-
dress Surveyor, box 4752, Call.
NEW rich land near city; small and larg:<?
tracts; 3130 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres 'eft. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
I COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
FRUIT, gralr and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing:. $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
NICE Improved residence in Berkeley, with
beautifully laid out grounds, for small Im-
proved farm in bay counties; must have good
water facilities. Box 4628, Call office.
I $3000 FRUIT and grain ranch and $4300 fine
fruit ranch for income property in the city
or ever the bay. German-American, 34 Kearny.
160 ACRES good grazing land In Monterey
I County; 75 acres tillable; plenty of wood;
what have you? Address box 4601. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
I LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1022 Mission st.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
I ANY amount at 6>,4 per cent on real estate. 3d
I and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOT.GAN. 2,4 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- |
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
I Store. 840 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
' ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
j LOANS made to salaried people; real and
! chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
I THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third St.
1 MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Ex-
change. ';
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS. Real
Estate and Loans. Mills bdg: notify: will call.
REAL estate, 8 per cent: Zd mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and M mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
!ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
i without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
' AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
, STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st. • '.:.-£
j IF your property i- mortgaged and you need
| more money see T' MURPHY. C3O Market.
I A WEEK'S news for a cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MONEY WANTED.
$1500. ALSO $30,000— Owner - wants to borrow
separately on valuable city property; large
interest: splendid security. Box 4609. Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
! OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
i OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
' LOTS of money to loan on property in or near i
'. Oakland at moderate rates; quickly arranged;
flat loan or installments. HUGH M. CAM-
| ERON. Broker. 1068 Broadway. Oakland.
l ~—~*~ "*^~"^ —
j OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th ami Franklin. Oakland.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
j $3600— BRAND-NEW, elegant 10-room house, 1
| block south of University; plate glass win-
dows; porcelain bath: 2 large fireplaces;
! built- by day's work: complete in all details;
on high lot affording fine view of bay. etc. ;
have tenant who will take lease of same at !
$40 per month; one of the finest Investments
to be had.
Call or address
M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway,
Oakland.
; BEFORE buying In Berkeley see our splendid
building sites In the scenic park; adjoins the
i university grounds; you don't have. to walk
I Bor 10 blocks to and fro from college. O'G.
MAY A CO., 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. =#;*;«i
j ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKDA KEAL ESTATE.
: SNAP — New House, 8 rooms and bath: lot 50x
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tlon. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE, 1612 Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large i
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted— Notice is hereby given that
: sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.',
SATURDAY. June 24. 1599. and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet- I
erans' Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta- i
tion Yountville). for six months commencing j
I July 1, 1599. and ending December 31, 1899.
I Schedules with information and instructions !
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
Is in accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bin with a certi- j
fled check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per j
i cent cf the amount of his bid. payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the i
' bidder will enter Into a eood and valid con- I
tract upon notice of acceptance as required i
by law. The board" reserves the right to i
reject any or all bids and to order any quan- I
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board ;
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor- ;
nia, room 13. 320 Sansome St.. San Francisco, !
Cal. By order of the Board of Directors.
J. 1 J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUPPLIES—
Notice Is hereby given that the Board of Di- .
rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical !
Trades for the Adult- Blind of the State of |
California, will receive and open .proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1, 1599, and
ending September 30, 1599, with the following ;
articles:
1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
visions. 3. Butter. 4. Coal. 5. Flour and
millstuffs. ♦>. - Coffee, tea and chicory. '
Bids will be opened Friday. June 10, 1599. at
7:30 p. m.. at the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue, Oakland, Cal.
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc.. can be had upon
application to the superintendent. Jos. Sand-
ers, at the home.- •
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured In California, prices and quality
considered.
AH bidders for furnishing supplies are In-
vited to be present at the opening of the bids. ■
By order of the Board of Directors.
GEO. S. MEREDITH. Secretary. i
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for S3, $4 an.l
$6 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
St°lr.way dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and.
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 38 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of ail grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ELEGANT upright piano will be sold this
morning at a bargain for cash. California
Storage Warehouse, 722 Mission st., n«xt to
Grand Opera House.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A FINE high grade piano, $100 cash. Room 12.
Flood building. _^____
{2 50 PER mo. rents elegant cabinet grand up-
right: or sell cheap. 342 Kearny st.
A NEW Chickeringr and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 708.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos. $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st. , _____
UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
. Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento at., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, It
McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b»
indorsed with the name and residence of per«
eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MARTIN— In this city, June IS, 1899, to tb«
•wife of T. P. Martin, a son.
STEIN— In this city, June 7, 1899. to Mrs. J.
Stein, a son.
______
MARRIED.
CAHILL— STEWART— In this city, June 11,
1899, by the Rev. Dr. F. B. Cherington, John,
E. Cahill and Tony M. Stewart, both of this
city.
ETTINGER— TOEPLITZ— In this city. June 18,
ISM, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Max C. Et-
tingerand Johanna Toeplltz. both of thl3
city.
_____
DIED.
Anderson. Albert J. Hunter, Joan N. ■
Anderson, Lorlne M. Jenkins. Annie
Biver, Louise S. Jones. Margaret W.
Crane. Sarah T. Legal. Mary
Duffey, Patrick McGurk. P. H.
Rgan. John Henry Miller. Alice
Fisher, Major G. A. Raftery. Alice L.
Gibson. Margaret J. Scott. William John
Grote, Sophie A. Wooten, Levi
Howe, Joseph E.
ANDERSON— In Oakland, Lorine Mary An«
derson and her brother Albert John Ander-
son, beloved children of John and Minnie
Anderson and sister and brother of William
Caesar Anderson, natives of California,
Lorine Mary Anderson, need 14 years 3
months and 15 days, and Albert John Ander-
son, aged 7 years.
(^Friends an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funerals this day
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence,
2013 -Linden street. Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
BIVER— In this city, June 12, 1899, Louise Su-
sanna, beloved child of August Biver, and
twin sister of Annie Lizzie Biver, a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 years 11 months and IS
days.
CTRemain= at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street.
CRANE— In Oakland. June IS. 1899. Sarah
Theresa, beloved mother of James E. Crane
and Julin A. Crane and Mrs. T. Schoonover.
Mrs. J. S. Burpee and Mr.-. C. M. Fulton, a
native of New York City, aged So years 8
months and IS days.
(CTFrienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 3 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of J. S. Burpee, 1401 Castro street, Oak-
lan. 1. Interment private.
DUFFEY— In this city. June. 17, 1899. Patrick
Duftey, a native of Ireland, aged 37 years.
CFThe funeral will take, place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
EGAN— In this city. June 18, 1599, John Henry,
son of John and Mary R. Egan, a native of
San Francisco, aged 25 years.
FISHER— In Alameda. June 17, 1599, Major
George A., beloved husband of Annie E.
Fisher and father of Eva B. and Harry S.
Fisher, Mrs. Wilson F. Holden and Mrs.
Frank C, Howe, aged 62 years.
Z r Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence,
ISI2 Enclnal avenue, Alameda. Interment
private.
GIBSON— In this city, June is, 1599. Margaret
Josephine, beloved wile of Joseph Gibson
and sister of James and Henry Collins. Mrs.
Edward Callnon and Mrs. Norman Morris.
a native of San Francisco, aged 36 years and
8 months.
HOWE— the City and County Hospital,
June IS. 1899, Joseph Eagan Howe, a native
of California, aged 43 years.
HUNTER— In this city, June 16, 159.9, Joan N.
G Hunter, widow of the late David Hunter,
a native of Scotland, aged 5S years and 2
months.
Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at I
o'clock, from her late residence. 903 Van
Ness avenue. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
JENKINS— In this city, June 17, Ig9!>, Annie,
beloved wife of John Jenkins, a native of
County Claire, Ireland, aged 60 years.
[r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday). at 9:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 127 Ferric street, off Point Lo-
bos road., ; thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy
street, between Devisadero and Broderlck,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ; -?v'-""se
JONES— this city. June IS. 1899. Margaret
W Jones, dearly beloved mother of Mary .1.
Clark and W. J., J. H. and J. C. Wester-
field, a native of Kentucky, aged 89 years 5
months and 23 days.
LEGAL— In West Berkeley, June IS, 1599,
Mary, beloved wife of Emll Legal an.l moth-
er of Julia. Legal, Mrs. Amanda Willecke and
Charles Albach, a native of Germany, aged
G4 years 1 month and -7 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her lat* resi-
dence ' 7ZS Delaware street. West Berkeley.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land. "
McGURK— In San Andreas, Cal.. June 17, 1599,
p H. McGurk. beloved husband of Mary A.
McGurk and father of John. Charles. James
and Margaret McGurk. Mrs. Barringer and
Mrs Dumontler and the late Mary A.. Wil-
liam and Henry McGurk, a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland, aged M years and 4 months.
MILLER— In this city. June 17, 1899, Alice, be-
loved mother of Fred. Thomas, Alice. May
and the late Gertrude Miller, and widow of
the late Robert Miller, a native of Nova Sco-
tia. Canada, aged 43 years
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funera.l services
this* day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 3329 Twenty-first street, near Va-
lencia. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RAFTERY— In this city. June 18, 1899, Alice
L.. infant daughter of Patrick F. and Mamie
V. Kaftery, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 months "and 10 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parents"
residence, 1007 Castro street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCOTT— In this city, June 17, . 1559. William
John, beloved son of William and the laM
Catherine Scott, and brother of James W.
Scott, a native of San Francisco, ag d 31
years 9 months and 2 days..
inJ'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late res-
idence, 418 Grove street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fillmorc and Fell streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at S
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WOOTEN— In this city, June is. 1899, Lev\
Wooten, formerly of Columbia. Tuolumno
County, a native of South Carolina, aged 65
years.
YOUNG Ladies' Institute— Sisters: An anniver-
sary requiem high mass will be offered for
the rewoce of the ■ml of our late grand
president. Sister Sophie A. Grote, this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, in Holy Cross Church.
Eddy and Scott streets. All members and
friends of the order are l_\ited to attend.
MRS. M. A. NAOLE, Grand President.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY, Grand Sec.
hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School,
Telephone South 80.
McflVOY <fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS fi.,EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market st., between Sth and 9th. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A BMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St.. between Uh and 9th. I
Telephone, South247^^^^^^^J
910
REFUSED TO DESERT
THE CAPTAIN'S WIFE
Crew of the Waterlogged Hes
per Are Noble Fellows,
{rave IVlrs, Sodergren Would Not Leave
Her Husband and He Declined to
Abandon His Ship,
f v \l\K story i>( the narrow .escape of I
j| the bark il«*spt?r of this city in a|
hurricane^ and the rrow . escape of I
: -■ er of 1 his city in a |
md the pluck and skill of
•j the captain and crew In sailing her,
•*" to Ki.uii haii. China, is now told
fully for tin' first time.
During the storm the Hesper became)
waterlogged. All the provisions \v.mc«
sjnil.ii. iind the deekload shifting pave '
th'a v.ssil .1 list to port ; hat look her;
miiin sail under water. The cabins were j
.ii.idnl. and <'aptuin Sodergren and his :
wife had to live in .■; tent made out of ;.
--; ire sail and riKS'" 1 ' up >i» the dee.kload i
■:' lumber. \Vhen the opportunity cairn
t-hi» captain and his wife would not lfitve I
the ship, and the ci.-\v manfully stayed I
... - - - .
WATERLOGGED IN MIDOCEAN.
THE bark Hesper left Puget Sound for Kiaochau. China, on March 9 with a cargo of lumber for the
German authorities. When near the Ladrone Islands on April 28 she was caught in a hurricane and
became vat erlogged. Captain Sodergren would not abandon his ship when he had Jie opportunity,
but sailed her into Kiaochau. 1450 miles, in an almost sinking condition. The men of the Hesper,
who would not desert Captain F. W. Sodergren and his wife, were: Albert Lewis, first mate; C. Petter
son, second mate; D. McCartey, V. Tanner. P. Thompson. C. Myer. R. Wallers, W. Watts. R. R. Snider and
~E. King, sailors; S. Furgisaiwa. cabin boy. and Hamada. cook.
by them, so for a whole month they lived 1
«b best they could and sailed the water
logged hulk 1450 miles Into safety.
Nineteen days after the disaster, when j
the transport Pennsylvania showed up,
the sailors would have deserted the j
JTesper in a body had Mi Sodergr* n ac
cepted a proffered passage to Nagasaki, j
hut she posit i' ■ refused to leave her ,
husband and he would not leave his ves-l
pel. so all hands stayed .'the bark. The. .
officers of the Pennsylvania say it was i
one of the bravest and pluckiest acts they
evpr saw performed on the. ocean. There
was h vessel practically a wreck and un
s^eaworthy. Another storm would as
suredly have Bent her to the bottom, yet (
The- captain would not give up the ship,
the- wife would not leave her husband
and the crew would not desert . the ;
woman.
This must have been a very gratifying j
experience for Captain and Mrs. Soder- ]
gr«-". It is not so many years ago since i
two-of the, crew of the llesper were hanged j
for killing Second Mate Fitzgerald. They
also attempted to murder Captain Soder- j
gren and the first mate, after which it
as their intention to make for the coast
of South America with the vessel, taking
Mrs. Sodengren with them. Their plans
miscarried and the Hesper reached]
Tahiti, from which island the mutineers 1
were sent to San .Francisco in irons.
where the ringleaders were executed.
Chief Officer J. Ibsen Stousland of the
United States transport Pennsylvania was
in command of the boat that was sent to
render assistance to the waterlogged
Hesper. anil the accompanying- picture of
the bark Is from a snapshot taken from
• he deck ot the transport.
"It was Tuesday, May 16, that we sight- |
ed the Hesper." said he yesterday. "We
had had rain and fog all night, but about
i) a. m. it cleared up a bit. At 8:60 a. m. '
1 turned In, but had to get out again, as
the quartermaster came and told me the
captain wanted/to see me. When i got !
on deck I saw we were steering for a
waterlogged hark with distress signals I
flying. At :':.".ij a. m. we were close up to
The vessel, so the engines were stopped
and a boat lowered. J took command of
ih« boat, and we started for the ship. We
had to be very careful in getting along- I
side, as there was a nasty swell. She
was the well known bark Hesper of San
Francisco, Captain F. }'. Sodergren.
"She left Port Townsend, March 9, load
ed with heavy lumber for Kiaochau. a 1
new German naval station on the coast
line. On April 28 in latitude 22 degrees
■'i minutes north, longitude 144 degrees
20 minutes east, not far away from the
Ladrone Islands, she ran into a severe
hurricane, and at midnight shifted her
immense deckload over to port, breaking
stanchions and bulwarks, and became
waterlogged. When the storm was over
she was listed over to port fully eight
planks, main rail several feet below the
water, cabin and all rooms full of wa- |
ter, provisions spoiled, oil given out and j
instruments, books, charts and clothes
ruined.
"With the ship in this condition and ■
handicapped as he was with his ruined
instruments. Captain Sodergren proceeded
toward his destination, and when I board
ed him lie was about one thousand miles
nearer Kiaochau that when disabled,
navlng covered that distance in nineteen
days.
"When I asked him if he was going to
abandon his ship he said that If we could
■ !. m half a barrel oi salt I and
some pork, and If possible twenty pounds
of sugar-yes and oil. he would proceed,
.. :,. that he could easily make the
lea yet to cover In 01 der to reach
Kiaochau.
'M thought we were In for a good Cat
palvage when I first boarded the wreck.
but before pluck like that all selfish
thoughts vanished. Here was a man with
a ship full of water, nothing to wear ex
cept « hat he stood in. his wife In the
same condition, living under a piece of
canvas on top of the deckload. 450 miles
from .■I., and yet both declined 1 0 leave
ihe ship. ! went back to the Pennsylvania
and got the provisions requested, and
v. i,. 11 he received thorn ' could sea it was
a relief to the captain. While the stuff
was being taken out if the boat Captain
isoaergren . his wile aiio myseii nan a lain
under 'the canvas.' He showed me his
only chart: it was wet. and all that he
had left of his Instruments, the alidade
(that portion of the quadrant that carries
the sights or telescope and shows the de
grees out off on the arc of the instru
ment). 1 tried to persuade his wife to
come to Nagasaki with us. but she stout
ly refused. With her husband she Bailed
and with him she was going to slnti or
swim. The fact of her remaining kept the
sailors from grumbling. Had she left and
come aboard the Pennsylvania,, they
would have deserted m a body.
"I spoke to the men. They were all
cheerful. Whether it was the sight of
the provisions or their natural disposition
I don't know, but In such circumstances
it was truly marvelous not to hear even a
murmur, and every man jack of them
ready to stay by the ship and confident
they would reach port as long as Mrs.
Bodergren remained with them.
"Mrs. Sodergren greatly Interested me.
She is a very intelligent woman and has
been used to all the comforts of life, and
perhaps to many of its luxuries, and yet
she preferred to tempt fate In a small tent
on the deckload of a waterlogged ship to
safety on the Pennsylvania. She had
three pets which she rescued from the
cabin after the storm. They were two
beautiful fats and a canary. During the
conversation I had with Captain Soder
gren and his wife the little bird made the
air musical with its melody. For it all the
world was gay. and It sang on as though
storms would never be heard of again.
"When 1 was ready to leave the Hesper
I noticed Captain Sodergrcn taking a
chew of tobacco. Tie apologized and said
he had not Indulged in that way for
eighteen years and his wife was disgust
ed, but added that he had to use tobacco
in some way and that was the only man
ner In which he could indulge, as there
was not a pipe left aboard. I asked him
If he would like a few cigars, and his eyes
lust snapped with delight. 1 went back
to the Pennsylvania and got » box from
the captain and took a box of mv own,
and with them I went back to the Hesper.
We stayed by the waterlogged vessel
three hours and then we both stood on
our course. When we left the Resper she
was in latitude 30 degrees 50 minutes
north, longitude 127 degrees 50 minutes
east, so they must have had favorable
winds all the way to reach Kiaochau in
twelve da vs."
AN ACADEMY OF MUSIC
FOR THE COLORED RACE
Steps Being Taken to Have Such an
Institution Created — Project
to Be Launched To-Night.
An important meeting will be" held in
the Starr King African M. E. Zion
Church at 80S Stockton street this even-
Ing for the purpose of discussing a pro
posed movement toward the establishment
of a national Academy of Music at Wash
ington. D. C. for the colored . race. The
project started in this city and It is the
purpose of the leading spirits in the
movement to raise enough funds to form
a nucleus for the academy, thus creating
an incentive to other cities to join in the
establishment of such an institution. '
Hon. David Lubin. president' of the Na
tional Grangers' Association, and one of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JUNE 19, 1899.
Mho beat known students of political econ
omy in the Stan, is very much Interested
■ in {lie idea and he has expressed his wll!
--ingness to !>'■ pr< sent at the meeting and
give his views on the undertaking. Ad
dresses will also be delivered by the Rev.
,i L. Allen, pastor of Bethel Eden Bap
tist Church. Oakland; Rev. E. T. Cottrine,
pastor of the Fifteenth-street A. ML E.
Church. Oakland; Rev. J. H. Kelly, pas
! tor of the Third Baptist Church; Rev. W.
B. Anderson, pastor of the Powell-street
\. .\! X . and Rev. Mr. Tirown, pastor of
the A. M. E. Zion churches of this city.
CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS.
Two From Riding and Another From
Driving a Fractious Horse.
"Within three hours yesterday throe per
sons were treated at tlit* Receiving Hos
pital, two lirinj; the results of accidents
from ridiiip 6n horseback and t lie other
from dri\ ing ;» Fractious horse.
Nicholas Rohdenburg, a teamster, was
' riding a horse and leading another by ;i
rope, a i Fourth and Howard streets the
horse he was leading Lnlked and he was
: dragged off, falling on his left knee,
■ kinii the knee-cap.
Walter Lang, .1 collector for Bovee, Toy
& Co., living ai 56 Clara street, was driv
ing a fractious horse, and at Eighteenth
land Dolores streets the horse commenced
' to buck, and Lang was thrown oui of the
i bugg> His cheeks \\>v>- cut and his left
1 ha in 1 smashed.
John Powers, a boy 16 years of aye liv
ing at -- Minna btree't. was riding a horse
I ;in<l l< si control "! the animal and it
; bolted. A.l Sixth and Mission streets
he was thrown to the ground and wound
'e d I'll the fort-head and cheek.
Tired of Her Mode of Living.
iviri Smith, an unfortunate deniz<
Ihe tenderloin, tired of her mode of liv
ing last night and attempted suicide by
swallowing laudanum In her room in a
lodging house at 143 Third street. She
was hurriedly removed ro i)h> Harbor Re
(■(•ivjni: Hospital and t!i» poison pumped
out. 'The doctors say that she will re
cover.
The fun-nun old JEBSK MOO"*--. WHISKY U
r'crnnmcndfd by physicians fcr family anil
medicinal use h"CttM* It Is pure.
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camp on Monday last dis
posed of a lot of routine business and a's>
initiated two candidates. Then under the
head of social entertainment there wa« i
programme of vocal selections by the
Golden Gate quartet, funnyisms by '.he
modest member of the camp and sever d
other numbers presented to an audience'
of nearly a hundred, who were enter- ,
tamed and highly pleased. This camp has j
come' to the conclusion that there must !
be some entertainment in addition to the
routine business, and is to have it so as [
to make the meetings - most interesting :
Hat onlv.tn. m«mh»rs fcutjo .visitors. '£,
SENSATIONAL
TESTIMONY WILL
BE INTRODUCED
Mrs. Mattie Crowley's
Startling Story.
SHE WILL TELL IT IN COURT
SAYS HER EX-HUSBAND IS TRY
ING TO RUIN HER.
Alleges That George Crowley Sought
to Induce Her to Enter Into a
"Badger" Blackmail
Scheme.
Testimony of a sensational nnd Bpicy ,
nature wilj be Introduced before Judge
Daingerfleld this morning when Mih. .Mat
tit- Crowley, the divorced wife of J.
George Crowley, bookkeeper for tbeUnion
1 Jet.- Company and well-known man about
town, takes the r:< tln her own behalf ;
i to testify in tlu' proceedings now pending
before the court affecting the custody of
their only child and the payment, of $26
I per month alimony for its support.
In an affidavit which will be presented ,
to the court by her attorney, Harry W.
Uutton, Mrs. Crowley charges that her
ex-husband attempted to Induce her to
enter Into a scheme to blackmail certain j
prominent business men with whom she
was acquainted. According to the affida
-1 vlt and statements made by Mrs. Crow
ley, Crowley unfolded the operations of
the famous "badger" game to lie:- a short
time ago, and suggested thai she accom
pany him to New York where he knew;
lit' many men of prominence and wealth
who might be easily blackmailed by a ,
woman of her beauty.
Mrs. Crowley sets forth in her affidavit
thai she spurned Crowley's alleged propo- '
sition, and she states that Bhe has not
been on speaking terms with him sine*;
he hail the audacity !■> unfold it to her.
in addition to these startling charges
Mrs. Crowley alleges that Crowley told
her pointblank that he would employ a
private detective to swear that she was |
an Impropi r person to care for her child it i
she did nol accede to h!s demands.
Wlnn the rase was first taken up by i
Judge Daingertteld, a few weeks ago, A. '
K. llamill. a private detective who whs
employed by Crowlej to shadow his di
vorced wife, tiled an affidavit In which
he claimed that Mrs. Crowley was escort
nl to the Poodle Dog restaurant on the
nigh! of April 22 by Sylvian Coblentz, re
maining there all that night.
Mrs. Crowley waxes Indignant over ,
HamiH's statements, and she expects to
prove bj the testimony of the lady with
whom she is now living that on the night ;
llamill Halms iii have seen her at tin- j
C lie Dog she was home in bed with
her five-year-old daughter. Mrs. Crow
ley alleges In her affidavit thai since she
was divorced from Crowiey she has nevei
remained away from home a single night, I
and tier attorney states that he will pro
duce ample testimony u< hear out her 1
statement.
in her affidavit Mrs. Crowle> allegi ■
that her ex-husband Is the companion of
a well-known tenderloin character, who
has apartments ai the Royal Kagle House
at th>- corner of Powell and lCllis streets. !
Crowley, she claims, has all but linked:
his name with the woman, and has es
corted her to picnics and theaters, and
has even gone so far as to parade tier up!
and down Market streel on sunny after
noons.
Mrs. Crowiey further states In her am"- j
davit that her ex-husband was at one
time am sted for parading the streets in I
;. male attire.
Mrs. Crowley was very reluctant to dis- !
cuss the embarrassing details of the mat- i
ter. "We are trying to settle this case i
with as little notoriety as possible," she |
■ X , ''.lined.
"But Mr. Crowley's allegations: an
they to go unchallenged?" was asked.
The mention of that name aroused her
Ire, and the woman who was once J.
<;.-,>[-£•• Crowley's wife became Indignant.
■ Mrs. Crowle> "tenderly lifted her little
daughter from her kit* and sent her into 1
another portion of the house while she re
cited the sensational story which Is ™-i
bodied In the affidavit which will be pre- |
. sented to the court this morning.
•"I had no idea of bringing these mat
ters to the notice of the court until Mr.
Crowley Introduced testimony <>r caused
'it to be Introduced which blackens m>
name. This attempt on his part to rob
me of my character is a burning outrage. .
The very thought of it aggravates me be
yond description. Mi Is simply trying to
throw mud on me for the purpose of get
: ting control of my baby girl.
"1 was divorced from Mr. Crowle>
about a year ago. 1 secured the divorce
on statutory grounds. I was given the
; custody of our baby and the court order
i ed him to pay me $23 per month alimony.
He complied with tti>-f onjers until lasi
January, lip to the time he was ordered
I to appear before Judge Daingerfleld and
; show cause why he did not. live up to the
conditions exacted by the court he had
not paid me a single rent. 1 was seated
in the Louvre one day with my brother
in-law when Crowley and a woman came
In. They sat down at a table dose to
ours and he ordered a bottle of wine, i
did nol notice him. for I am not in the .
habit of bowing to anybody who keeps :
company with that Hass of women. Just '
as we were ready to go Crowley left the i
I woman with whom he was seated and 1
came over to our table, l resented this
action -on his part and told him so. Mr.
Crowley thnw a letter on the table
I which lie had received from my attorneys" ,
in which they requested him to pay me
the back alimony he owed me. He insult
ed nif by calling me a vile name, and 1
, slapped his faro.
•\ have always borne .a good reputation
' and while 1 lived with Crowley I sought
to better his morals. Since we have been
divorced Mr. Crowley has been living with
a woman of the tenderloin. He was her
escort at the Eagles' picnic and has been
seen on the street with her in broad day
light. That is the kind of a man who de
filrfiS^O^&cl Control of. my baby."
SHARKEY HAS
A CHAT WITH
JEFF'S PAPA
Came Together on the
Train.
PREACHER AND PUG SHAKE
THE EVANGELIST GIVES TOM
SOME GOOD ADVICE.
Warns Him to Take Good Care of
Himself and Sets "Spider"
Kelly Right With Regard
to Himself.
Pugilist Tom Sharkey shook hands yes
terday with the Rev. Alexis C. Jeffries,
father of Champion Jim. They exchanged
a few remarks on the weather, some
others on the match that has just born
made by Brady and O'Rourke, a few good
wishes for each other's health, shook
liands some more and parted.
Tlie meeting occurred on the train
Which left Salinas at noon for the Oak
land mole. Sharkey, who had boxed four
rounds in that place the night before with
"Spider" Kelly, was ensconced on a seat
with that lively lightweight and Mr. Har
rington of Yalle.jo. an old-time friend of
his navy days. In another car was Jim
Jeffries' father, who had taken the train
at San J.tiis Obispo bent on an evan-
gelizing tour In San Francisco. Neither
the pugilist nor the father of Jeffries
was aware of his proximity to the
other and might have been ignorant of it
yet hail it not been for the intervention
of Artie i;iass. the news agent.
No sooner did Glass see Sharkey after
the train had pulled out of Salinas than
it occurred to him that the chance ,•;" .-(
lifetime had arrived. In an instant he re
solved to bring the two together. Acting
on the resolution he approached Shar
key.
"Say. Tom." he said. "Jim Jeffries'
father's in the other coach. Wouldn't
you like to meet him?"
"Sure," said Sharkey. jumping up.
"Cert." exclaimed the "Spider."
(Jlass headed in the direction of the
elder Jeffries, whom tli>- two found turn
ing over the leaves of a New Testament
he held in liis hand.
"Introduce me first." whispered Kelly
to (Jlass. "and I'll do the honors for
Sharkey.'
(,lass did as he was requested and side
stepped to allow the meeting of the
father of tin 1 champion and the sailor
who expects to make the son a has-been.
"Mr. Jeffries." said the "Spider," using
his most persuasive feint; "this is Mr.
Sharkey, who lias just been matched to
fight your son Jim f<n- $50,000."
Both men toed the scratch In Fine style
extending their rights and indulging in a
very cordial handshake. They each said
they were glad to see the other and smiled
pleasantly us if they rm-ant it. At the
invitation of the preacher the pugilists
took seats with him.
According to the chroni< ler of t ho meet
ing the '•!(!- >r Jeffries took ;1 good look at
his son's only rival before opening OUI
Into conversation. Sharkey, who was
Looking his prettiest and dressed regard
less, hnre up well under the scrutiny.
"He's a fine-looking fellow," said Jef
fries, half to "Spider" Kelly and half to
himself, "but lie's not as hip as Jim.
They say." h<- continued, turning: to
Sharkey, "that you're a good fighter."
"That's what they tell me," said the
ex-sailor, blushing Immoderately.
"Well," said the other. "I don't approve
of fighting, hut I guess if It's In a man
it's hound to come out. If my son is
bound to ric;ht I suppose he'll tight till he
sets licked and then he'll ipiit. I'd just
as Boon see him thump a prize fighter as
to thump iron."
Here was the opportunity for which the
"Spider" had been waiting. Ky this time
he had come to the conclusion that the
elder Jeffries was a pretty plain spoken
man. and he concluded to ask him a
straight question or two.
"What kind of a man are you. anyway "
he asked, "to say you would iike to see
your son whipped? It don't sound natu
ral. My father came from Ireland and
you can bet your sweet life if I was a big
boy and a champion he wouldn't want to
see me licked."
"I never said." replied Jeffries, "that I
would like to see Jim whipped. 1 said I
thought he would he whlpned. In fact
could prophecy that he will be."
Sharkey was gulping in all this without
saying a word, satisfied tv let Kelly do
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL
VALUES i»
COLORED
DRESS
GOODS!
, 44-inch FRENCH TWILLED
.00 Yn rrl " CHEVIOT, very heavy twill,
i I Hi! all new shades such as
iuiu. grayS( tanSi browns and
purple mixtures,
$1.00 V^rrl 44 " inch FRENCH WHIPCORD
I nrn SUITING in new summer
m B . uiUi colorings.
50-inch IRONSIDES SERGE, in
*7PZ S-» Vrirrl 1 greens ' navys ' garnet «
I f#L^ lA I browns, tans, grays, pur-
lUIUi pie, army> cardinal and
cadet.
t-r «* 1/  50-Inch GRANITE CLOTH, all
g hL/> Yirn solld colors and fancy
I tlv Idl U. weaves, full variety of the
latest colorings.
m* r\ 1/ 1 1 44 " inch GENUINE FRENCH
Xl l/> yd rfl BEIGE, new mixed effects,
\J v lullli so much used for outing
suits.
r^ m^ if 1 , 50 pieces 38-Inch FANCY
ijK/> Yarn WOOL CHEVIOTS, checks,
I ill U i 1 figures and plaids, all dark
! and medium colorings.
111, 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
the leadinp. The last remark of the elder
Jeffries seemed to hit the liKht w.-Ight in
a sensitive spot.
■•('an you prophecy when ho will be
licked?" he ;isked, excitedly.
"] think so."
■'Then.' said Kelly in a smpf whisppr.
"will you kindly give me a Up when it's
going to happen. I'd like to gvt in on It."
Sharkey and Kelly leaned over i losi to
the preacher to near his reply. After it
came they leaned back disgusted.
"Well." he said, "I'll keep that to my
self, ill not express an opinion."
A few more commonplaces and the
meeting ended, the evangelist shaking
hands with Sharkey and Kelly.
"Take care r >f yourself." he said to the
ex-sailor, as he was going into the next
car.
When \h>> passengers on the train reach
ed this side of the bay Sharkey was met
by his trainer. Tim McGrath.
"Hello, Tim." he said, "I met Jeffries'
dad on the train. Come over and I'll in
troduce you."
And McGrath trotted along to shake
hands with the champion's father. The
Rev. Mr. Jeffries scon slipped away in the
crowd and was lost to view. He is a
street preacher, without denomination,
traveling whither he wills and. visiting
his home between his trips Into the weedj
places in the Lord's vineyard, it is said
thai he intends to preach on the street
corners of this city for some time.
Sharkey took the ;irst boat for Vallejo
without stopping to make a call on city
friends. Before he embarked he had a
few words to say on the bijr match.
"I'll win sure." he said, "in less than
ten rounds at that. 1 never felt better in
my life, and I know what 1 can do with
Jeffries. When I meet him this time I'll
not be a sick man, as I was when 1 met
him before.
"I'll be back in town Tuesday and will
stay lure till the following Monday, when
1 start for the Bast. What I'll do after
that until 1 go into training I don'l know.
it's all in O'Kourke's hands."
Tim McGrath, under whose tutelage
Sharkey developed his powers, will make
tin Eastern trip with the sailor man. He
is frank in his belief that Sharkey will
prove the victor in the ro with Jeffries.
In support of this belief he strikes out in
a new line Of dope.
"Look at the number of times." lie said,
"that Jeffries landed on l'itz before he pot
him. What did Jeff do with Shark* y
when they met. Nothing in twenty
rounds. How often, then, will Jeff have
to hit Sharkey to knock him out? The
man that can tell will win the money.
They saj that Tommy Ryan made Jeff
Iho fighter he is. Well, if' Ryan can put
steam enough into Jeffries to knock out
Sharkey. he's a bigger boiler than the
boiler-maker ever saw before."
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE FOR TWO WEEKS
O»- G>\Mv r»IVEX TO INSURE
iV^^WY'r- vJ satisfaction and t<S
IKlc> S|^wv! 'oC-k show the superior mcr-
V\ "Ti- " of the treatment.
F- *vVrnßVj Wlth m >' inspirator
OR '-' v ]JBL^ hralinK germicide med-
-1 ' t&S&^i&'l Icines can be placed
IH R n AT lfwS>l directly to the diseased
innv^Mi lOfT^i Pa«». and Kives niar-
( A -, ;}is r! t\ :'ji,i velous cures. In 20t»>
" J D Ml' 1 1 ■■! - tfst cases 93 per cent
(1 /id" a f'- "I " successful.
W/i$ mMfe RKV - FATHER
U yvW «_ **^2»2* RYAN of Ht. Louis
/(Vf'anrl f- ft? J says: " T have tried th ?
LkO ana ! n i !i treatment and received
fAFrf?it> \ 4 « r " ;lt benefit. I can
/ LUNG :! } si;! conscientiously recom-
* s -r- ~-^C : \ I'it! mend it. "
A£>~cP\ 3 1 REV. R. T. run.
WT/Yl I T^il "The of C. P. Church.
|S^E^» Dallas. Texas, says.
iF'-ii Mil-The Inspirator has
I I O |gi^^;ir t 1 can r*com- .
"y<^ |^Z!^j SSSd « to all suffer- _
JUDGE MARTIN of Moberiy. Mo says:
"It has cured me after suffering for ""■
with catarrh, asthma and lunK trouble, v is
scientific, far in advance of all other tiv;w-
REV. FATHER J S. HOOG o f ti-rru-n
REV. FATHER J. 8. HOOG ■' ■■■• • |l -;;
SON CITY. MO., says: "1 have tried our
antiseptic treatment and consider it tne .%e .
plus ultra' of treatments." i
Call or address at once, for FREE TREAT- ;
lUBNT, •
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours-3 to 11 a. m.; Ito 3 and 7toS p. m. ,
ODLDBERG
BQWEM,
& CO
Good coffee
We have installed the- latest lot*
proved machinery for roasting cof-
fee—you are invited to come to the
Pine street store and see It . ;
Coffee roasted fresh every hour !
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
HamS— Armour's 12^Ci
regularly 14c lb
Mild cured -away above lhe~ordk
nary ham in quality
Butter— reg'ly 40c square 35<3
fresh— sweet— table ,'■''
Coffee— Crescent blend 20c
reg'ly 25c lb roast or ground
Roasted and ground fresh every day
Cocoanut— schepp** 22^G
reg'ly 30c lb here
Mr Schepp has never allowed ht»
standard of quality to be lowered
Claret— reg'ly 50c gallon 35c
A very popular wine— many prefer it
to the older claret
Orange marmalade 3 jars 50c
regularly 20c English •
Californian oranges lack the Ditte?
taste necessary for the best manna.
lade
Salmon— Little Commodore lOC
regularly 15c Ilb tin , >V\.
A very superior brand
Listerine
Whiskey— wHJfcßro** $1 15
ree'lvsl 50 bottle $6 gallon 4 50
The family whiskey-par ex- /* ™
cellence- light fine— cannot be mix-
de-must be sold as originally made
' Vichy water-cw«»tf"« $2 75
regular! v $2 90 dozen here
The springs arc owned by France
and the water is celebrated all over
the world
Tooth brushes 2 for 25c
regularly imported
Even the highest priced brushes lose-
bristles — the remedy is to buy a new
one ; ' '
Combs— regularly 35c 25c
a variety to select from
Havana cigarettes package 10c
made by such fine factories as Henry
Clay—Bock & Co— Vencedora
Toilet water— 70c
regularly 85c bottle— from Paris
Catalogue free — send postal
. Mail orders have prompt shipment
and careful packing
432 Pine 215 Gutter 1800 California San Francl»c»
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlalna and specific tonto
for the sexual and urinary organs o£ both
eexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
, kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative. ( (
lnvicoratcr and Nervine. Sells en Its own i ;
Merits; no lone-winded testimonials necessary.
NABEK. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
322 Market btieet. S. (Send for Circular.)
Weekly Call, $1 per Year