no_textVOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 26.
MORE TROOPS
REQUIRED IN
PHILIPPINES
General Miles Advocates the
Sending of Reinforce-
ments to Otis.
SITUATION IS SERIOUS
Miller Also of the Opinion That
a Large Number of Men Are
Needed to Pacify Islands.
Special EHKpatoh to Th« Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
June 25. — Major General Miles is a
strenuous advocate of the dispatch <>f
large reinforcements to General Otis in
the Philippines.
The general declined to discuss the
military situation in the Philippines
other than to say that it was "serious,"
nor would he give his Idea of the num
ber of troops he thought should now
be sent to the Philippines to place the
archipelago under American control.
From tho War Department it is learn
ed that General Miles, as far back as
April, recommended that ten of the
volunteer regiments which the Presi
dent is authorized to raise under the
army reorganization law be organized
and sent to Manila. At that time the
officer? at army headquarters believed
this force sufficient to crush the rebel
lion, but in view of the strength de
veloped by the insurgents they are not
now so sanguine that ten regiments are
enough.
There, will be 15,700 men in ten regi
ments, the advisability of raising which
the War Department is now consider
ing, but well-Informed officers pay the
force of 50,000 men which General Otis
will have when reinforcements are
; 1 at his disposal will not be suffi
cient.
General Marcus P. Miller, who recent
ly arrived from the Philippines, where
he was Governor of Iloilo, has been liv
ing here since his return. General
Miller's views as to the number of men
required for the subjugation of the
glands is very different from that of
.General Otis. He believes 65,000 men at
least are required, 30,000 for the control
'^f Luzon and the remainder for the re
storation of peace and order in the
other islands. General Miller's views
. coincide,, .jvith^ i Qejneral,JL»awtqn<'s_ and
other olflctf'rs subordinate to General
•Otis.
There is no truth In the story that
General Miles has applied to be sent to
Manila, It is equally untrue, it is as
serted by Acting Secretary Meiklejohn,
that General Otis has cabled that he
will will bp compelled to retreat unless
promptly reinforced.
DENIAL OF REPORTED
CABLEGRAM FROM OTIS
ADAMS, Mass., June 25.— Mr. Cnrtel
you. acting secretary to the President,
authorized me to state to-day that
there was not a word of truth in the
report that General Otis had sent a dis
patch to Washington, which was re
peated to the President, stating his in
ability to conquer the Filipinos and to
hold the ground already gained.
"The story," said Mr. Cortelyou, "is
a pure fabrication." Ho added the re
port that the President had sent a
message of thanks to Governor Roose
velt for his offer to furnish troops for
the Philippines was equally false. He
Mid the President had no official
knowledge of Governor Roosevelt's of
fer.
President MoKinley passed a quiet
day. He attended the < 'ongrogational
Church in the morning and listened to
a sermon supporting his Philippine pol
icy. He stayed through the Sunday
school exercises, but did not Bpeak to
the children. In the afternoon ho went
driving with Mr. Plunkett
TRAILING THE MAN WHO
ROBBED THE ALAMEDA
Conclusive Proof That the Purloiner
of Gold Has Escaped to'the
Orient.
HONOLULU, Jan.- is.— it is almost
certain that the chest of $25,000 in gold
lost from the steamship Alameda left
the ship at this port. Jn fact. Marshal
Drown has in his possession to-day al
most conclusive evidence that such was
the case. The man who, it is believed,
robbed the ship is also known, but has
fled beyond the pale of Hawaiian law.
He is now in Japan, and eventually
may be caught, for the Oceanic Steam
ship Company has a powerful detective
agency on his tracks.
.. The man is supposed to be Wilson, an
Australian. He has been suspected of
other such robberies between Sydney
and Auckland. When the Alameda
gailed from Australia, this man was a
passenger for San Francisco. He left
t.he boat here on the 2iJth. On June Ist
he sailed by the Gaelic for tho Orient.
.Marshal Brown does not know just
h<>w the thi-f brought his treasure
ashore, but the transfer is admittedly
not a hard matter. It is presumed the
thief had accomplices and they brought
It «>ff on a number of visits aboard the
Khip at the dock. The coin would
weigl) abo-ut 100 pounds.
The loss of the money was discovered
when the Alameda was within two days
of San Francisco. The densest cloud of
mystery surrounded the disappearance
of the box. Chief Lees of the San Fran
cisco police too-k a chance shot and
wrote Marshal Brown the bare particu
lars. The latter immediately began an
investigation with the success here re
ported.
By the steamer to-day the San Fran
cisco Chief of Police will be advised
concerning the suspected man and that
he has gone to the Orient and probably
a detective will at once be sent to
Japan and Chita. The supposition here
is that the man will double back and
in a few weeks will be ranching or do
ing something else in an out-of-the
way Australian district.. J
The San Francisco Call.
WILL THE
NEW CABINET
BE UPHELD ?
Frenchmen Show More Sur-
prise Than Hostility Over
Its Composition.
OFFICIALS DISMISSED
President Loubet Signs Orders
Making Some Most Signifi
oant Changes.
Fpe«-ial Cable to The Call and the New Toric
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, June 25.— At the Cab
inet council to-day M. Loubet,
the President, signed orders
making the following changes:
M. Bertrand, Procurator Gen
eral to the Appeal Court, and M.
Feuilloley, Public Prosecutor,
are both removed. M. Bulot,
Advocate General, Is appointed
Public Prosecutor. M. Lombard,
whose dismissal on account of
the Deroulede trial has been
much criticised as unjust, is
appointed Advocate General. M.
Bertrand's successor has not yet
been appoint 1.
General Hartschmidt, General
Roget, Colonel ~Saxe and Colonel
Cobertln are transferred to other
garrisons.
The Premier, M. Waldeck-
Roussc-au, will read a draft of
his speech in Parliament to
morrow, -which will be very
brief, merely announcing that
the new Ministry has no aim
hut to follow out the order of
the day voted on June 12, on
the motion of Joseph Ruau,
Democratic Radical, represent
ing the Second District of St.
Gaudens, which was as follows:
"The I'hamhiT is determined
to support only a Government
resolved to defend vigorously
republican institutions and to
secure public order, and passes
to the order of the day."
PARIS, June 25.— 1t is like building
upon quicksand to try to prognosticate
the fate of the new Ministry tomor
row. _' Still, .the wind seems blowing 1 in
favor of supporting it. As a matter of
fact, surprise at the rather hetero
genuous composition of the Cabinet has
been the much more pronounced senti
ment than hostility toward it, with the
exception of the virulent Dreyfus
section of the press— that is to say,
those papers that are pledged up to the
neck to keep Dreyfus guilty. Even the
opposition press has regarded the min
istry with more sorrow than anger.
If you take the vote of the Paris
morning journals as a whole, the result
will be decidedly for the Waldeck-Rous
seau Government. Fourteen papers
support it, eight oppose and three
straddle the fence. Those who favor it
are the Amore and Le Siecle, both re
visionist organs; Le Figaro, conserva
tive; La Fronde, Le Matin, Le Petit
parislenne (which, by the way, be
longs to Jean Dupuy, the new Minister
of Agriculture), and Le Petit Bleu, all
Republican organs; La Lanterne, La
Petite Republique, Le Voltaire, Le So
cialiste, Le Radical, Le Rappel, Le
Dixneuvieme Siecle, all radical papers,
and Le Solell, organ of the Conserva
tive monarchical party.
Those opposing the Government are
LAntorite, Cassaignac's Bonapartist
sheet; LEcho de Paris, Le Petit Jour
nal, L'lntransigeant, all of which dub
themselves Nationalist papers, what
ever that may mean; L'Eclair, Repub
lican; Le GauW,-is, monarchical; La
Libre Parole, anti-Semitic, and Le Jour
nal dv People, which is openly anarch
istic in its doctrines.
The straddlers are L'Evenement, Le
Gil Bias and Le Journal. Therefore,
even if the undecided papers should
I throw in their lot with the opposition,
the Government has three majority in
the morning press. This is not so bad,
and at any rate disposes of the claim
of the Nationalists that the whole press
regards the new Ministry with stupe
faction. The evening papers are di
j vided upon fairly the same basis. Le
I Temps and Le Journal Dcs Debats, be
ing Conservative, support the Govern
ment, though without enthusiasm. La
Pa trie and Le Soir are enthusiastic
enough, but against it.
General De Gallifet's letter to chiefs
of the army made a noticeable impres
sion. Le Siecle says he has laid down
the law in very clear terms. He should
ers the responsibility for the chiefs, but
reminds them' they are personally re
sponsible to him, and he is not the man
to let them forget.
If any officer feels Inclined to reply to
the journalist through the medium of an
order of the day, read to the assembled
troops, with a brass band just lined up
for the ceremony, he may be sure that
punishment will be set rolling down the
line by General De Gallifet until he
lands on the offender's head. Officers
who sinned in this respect have already
had an illustration of this and have
been transferred to other posts in the
provinces as a warning. /
"Spare the rod and spoil the child."
The army is Gallifefs child, and he will
not see it spoiled.
BREST, June 25.— The French first
class cruiser Tage put to sea this even
ing, the official explanation being that
she has gone to experiment with car
rier pigeons. She is, however, a much
larger cruiser than the Sf ax, which is
bringing Captain Dreyfus, and the dis
patch of a big vessel with carrier pig
eons is quite unprecedented. Usually a
torpedo boat is sent, and the opinion
therefore gains ground that the Tage
has gone to meet the Sfax and to take
Captain Dreyfus on board. The pigeons
can be used to announce the transfer,
and the Tage might proceed to another
port to land the prisoner. As against
this theory and as an indication that
the landing of Dreyfus will be effected
here, there is the fact that a large num
ber of gendarmes , from the -■ country
around Brest are arriving or expected
to arrive to-night. The treasurer of the
.famous league of the French. Father^
. _.. *..._*..: _A_. -~_~ - X. »■ * -.. - ■•
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 26, 1899.
KRUGER TALKS PEACE,
BUT BUYS GUNS
THE BOERS' METHOD OF FIGHTING.
(From a Sketch Made During Their Last War With the British.)
LONDON, June 25.— The
Government of the South
African republic, according to a
dispatch to the Daily Mail from
Rome, is ordering large quanti
ties of rifles from Italian firms for
immediate shipment.
The firm attitude of Great Brit
ain appears to have the desired
effect on the Transvaal complica
tions. The latest cablegrams
from South Africa talk of various
semi-official missions for negotia
tions between Cape Town,
Bloemfontain and Pretoria, aim
ing to arrange a franchise com
promise on a basis of five or six
years' past residence.
President Kruger is repre
land reached Brest this evening from
Paris, and as this organization has
heen at the bottom of the anti-Dreyfus
movement it is thought he has proba
bly come to organize a demonstration.
DE CLAM TRIES
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
NEW YORK, June 26.— The Worlds
Paris special says: It la common talk
among officers and politicians in a posi
tion to know that Dv Paty de Clam has
tried to commit suicide twice since put
In the Cherche-Mldl Prison a fortnight
ago. The accuser of Dreyfus and Pic
quart is still held in absolute solitude.
Neither his wife nor his attorney has
been allowed to see him since he was ar
rested.
Notwithstanding the precautions, it has
leaked out that De Clam sought to bribe
the guards to get him a pistol or poison.
A subaltern immediately reported this to
his superiors, who changed the whole
guard, placing in charge oid and tried
soldiers, considereu proof against tempta
tions. Later, it is .said, De Clam wrote
to a kinsman that he had always acted
in the Dreyfus case according to the
best information and in strict loyalty to
the orders of military superiors. Never
theless he declared himself a prey to a
harrowing doubt since the revelations to
the Court o f Cassation, and begs piteous
ly for means to end his life like a soldier
and escape the odium of a criminal trial.
This note was intercepted and detained
five days before being delivered to the
person addressed.
AUTOMOBILISM IS
SPREADING IN PARIS
Machines Can Now Be Ordered as
Readily as a Horse and
Carriage.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, June 25.— Not every one who
takes a fancy for automobllism. desires
to own a machine at once. ; This fact has
been taken advantage of by what may
be call "the modern livery stablemen,"
who ' let out automobiles to the public.
It is marvelous how this industry has
spread in Paris. . .'
If you wish to go out for a ride in the
Bois or shopping "en automobile," all you
have to do is to telephone for one of the
"lovers," and In a few minutes you have
a well appointed and luxurious automo
bile at your door, with a smart conductor
in charge, who will whiz . you through
the street ,to whatever place you desire
to go. -■ ■'■ ' .: ' .. : •'• ■''■' ''.■*■ ;■'■■.•
Giving lessons >to beginners is another
feature of tne automobile business. "We
have about twent-v pupils now," said one
dealer,. "and this is about the average.! » ln
five or six > lessons the pupil can - manage
the" machine very well for. himself. We
prefer the morning for lessons, as there
are ! not . so' many neoplo la the Bola at
Ahat tlma ol day."^ — ■j* " «? ','zj'-*~* "*■ *j" r ■*"'■■
sented as agreeable to some ar
r pc me-, 1 , v - r 4 -is >> fi ncl i £. AiCMi
siderable' difficulty . in handling
his own. conservative elements.
In a reported interview, he is
alleged to have said regarding
the war rumors, that mountains
were heing made out of mole hills
and that he was firmly convinced
that Queen Victoria would never
allow "letting loose the dogs of
war" over South Africa.
BOERS HAVE SHOWN
THEY ARE FIGHTERS
The Boers are not only \ expert horse
men, but unexcelled marksmen as well.
Their practice In war. as in hunting lions
and other wild beasts,. Is to ride rapidly
up within good , shooting distance, dis
mount quietly and fire deliberately, keep
MINERS MUST
SIGN AWAY
THEIR LIBERTY
WALLACE, Idaho, June 25.—
Before any man may seek em
ployment in Shoshone County he
must sign the following:
Application for leave to seek em
ployment In the mines of Shoshone
County.
To Dr. Hugh Prance, State Repre
sentative — Sir: I hereby make ap
plication for tesuance to mo of a
permit allowing me to seek em
ployment in the mines of Shoshone
County. I am a by occu
pation. I am a native of and
am a citizen of the United
States.
I last worked at the mine. In
. My shift boss was .
Heretofore I have been a member
of Miners" Union. I did not
participate actively or otherwise in
riots which took place at Wardner
on the 20th of April. 1599. Believing
that the crimes committed at
Wardner on said date were actively
incited, encouraged and perpetrated
through and by means of the influ
ence and direction of the Miners'
Unions of the Cover d'Alenes, I
hereby express my unqualified dis
approval of said acts, and hereby
renounce and forever abjure all al
legiance to the said Miners' Uulon,
of which I was a former member,
and I solemnly pledge myself to
obey the law and not to again seek
membership in any society which
will encourage or tolerate any vio
lation of law.
Permit to seek employment No.
, 1899. This is to certify that
. a by occupation, is
qualified under the proclamation is
sued by order of the Governor of
Idaho, May S, 1S!»0, to seek em
ployment In any of the mines in
Shoshone County and has permis
sion by virtue hereof to do so.
This card is to be deposited with
the manager or superintendent of
the mine where the person above
named is employed, and must be
held for purpose of periodical in
spection pursuant to the terms of
the aforesaid proclamation.
Witness my hand this day of
, 1899.
DR. HUGH FRANCE,
By , Deputy.
ing thfir horses at hand "knee-haltered"
to mount again and away as occasion
mr,y ■ "
; How effective" and fatal this method of
fighting and their skill as marksmen has
proved was well attested by the British
officers and troops , who were engaged
with them in the several fights during the
British-Boer war of 18S1.
In the first battle at Bronkhorst Spruit,
near Middleburg, Colonel Anstruther's
column of 250 men on the way to relieve
Pretoria were beaten and surrendered
after ten minutes' fighting, in which the
British commander and all of his officers
with half of his men were either killed or
wounded.
Later at "Laings Nek" and Ingago Sir
Oeorge Colley and his men struggled
bravely hut vainly to make, head against
the Boers who, from well-chosen positions
and unerring niarskmnnship. poured
upon them a murderous tire under which
officers and men fell helplessly. Otli ;er
after officer nf a rpgiment would be shot
down while trying to rally his men. I't
ter annihilation was only prevented by
retreat. The British fire did comparative
ly little damage.
Majuba Hill, the last fight of this
seven weeks' war, was the most fatal of
nil to the British arms, and the British
commander. Sir Evelyn Wood, was forced
Continued on Second Page.
HONDURAS MUST PAY
THE PFARS INDEMNITY
United States Government Is Deter-
mined to Brook No Further
Delay.
WASHIOTON, June 25.— Official
Washington is waiting with some im
patience for a reply from the Govern
ment of Honduras to the demand of
Minister Hunter for $10,000 for the heirs
of Frank Pears, killed by a Hondurian
soldier in February. Unless the reply
be forthcoming within the next few
days instructions will be sent to Mr.
Hunter to call for an immediate reply.
The administration does not propose
to permit Honduras to be dilatory in
this matter, believing that determina
tion and constant pressure will not only
result in the payment of the indem
nity, but in better treatment of Ameri
cans there in the future.
Honduras sought the good offices of
Guatemala to persuade the United
States to accept arbitration several
weeks ago, but arbitration was not ac
cepted. It js presumed that Honduras
is trying to find a loophole through
which she can escape compliance with
the American demand, but the admin
istration is determined she shall pay
the money, and pay soon, even if it be
necessary to send a squadron to com
pel action.
So far as Nicaragua Is concerned, the
authorities are satisfied that with the
gunboat Vixen at Bluefields the Ameri
cans will be given fair treatment. The
authorities are daily expecting to re
ceive from Nicaragua a demand for the
money the Managua government as
serts was rightfully collected by her
agents from American merchants at
Bluefields during the insurrection, and
which has been deposited with the
British Consul pending a settlement of
the controversy.
STRUCK BY A CHINAMAN.
M. Fliche of the French Legation
Assaulted in Peking.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PEKING. June 25.— M. Fliche, interpre
ter of the French Legation here, has bean
struck by a Chinaman and is suffering
from bruises. The French Minister de
mands a public apology from the Sung LI
Yamen.
Operation for Appendicitis.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS, June 20.-Dr.
George H. Palmer of San Francisco per
formed a successful operation for appen
dicitis on the young son of Colonel J. M.
Litchfleld at this place last night. It was
a severe case, but strong hopes are en
tertained for the boy's recovery.
ROOSEVELT IS
HONORED BY
ROUGH RIDERS
Presented With a Medal by
the Men He Commanded
in Cuba.
REVIEW OF REGIMENT
Memorial Services Also Held, at
Which the Deeds of the Brave
Troops Are Extolled.
Sr>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
LAS VEGAS, N. M., June 25.—Memo
rial service was the first thing on the
Rough Riders' reunion programme to
day. They were held at 11 o'clock this
morning at the Duncan Opera House,
and Rev. Thomas A. Uzzell, pastor of
the People's Tabernacle of Denver, Col.,
preached the memorial sermon. He
said that the soldier who is forced to
remain behind is worthy of praise and
recognition as well as the man who is
at the front. The Rough Riders, he de
clared, have by their acts at San Juan
and in the fighting around Santiago
succeeded in writing one of the bright
est pages in American history. Their
deeds would be read by coming genera
tions and would enkinale admiration for
true heroism.
Lafe Young, editor of the lowa State
Capital, then delivered an address. Mr.
Young served with the Rough Riders
and his recital of the regiment's experi
ence at Tampa and San Antonio found
a responsive echo in the hearts of the
assembled Rough Riders. "The Fourth
of July," he t said, "is our national
Christmas, commemorating the birth of
the nation, but the Rough Riders' cele
bration should be its Easter, for it
marked the resurrection. It remained
for the Spanish war to bridge the
bloody chasm, to put Old Glory every
where, to wind up the late unpleasant
ness with the new battle hymn of the
republic, "There Will Be a Hot Time in
the Old Town To-night."
"On the plains of Cuba," he conclud
ed, "when I saw the sons of veterans
marching beneath the flag which their
I fathers died to save, and the sons of
Confederates clothed in the same uni
i form, bearing the . same arms and
I marching under the same flag, and the
I sons of former slaves accoutered and
I armed like the others, with, the flag
I above them and. the same nun,.
their hearts, and lUO native-burn ruti
i blood Indians selected in the same lines
and aiding the same cause when I saw
these I made a vow to high heaven
never to be a partisan again, that
henceforth and forever all Americans
should look alike to me."
The regimental parade took place this
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The regiment
formed at Camp Cochran and marched
to the tournament grounds, six blocks
away. Colonel Roosevelt rode as com
mander, accompanied by a staff of offi
cers. At the tournament grounds Colo
nel Roosevelt occupied a box reserved
for him and the guests of the regiment.
As the Rough Riders passed and re
passed the grand stand in performing
! their evolutions, Colonel Roosevelt
stood with bared head. Each troop was
preceded by its respective captain, as
far as they were present, on the occa
sion. The scene was witnessed by fully
10,000 people.
While the review was going on rain
clouds were banking heavily in the
north, and Chairman Whitmore of the
local committee on arrangements re
quested the colonel to hurry the move
ments of the Rough Riders, ostensibly
on account of the approaching showers.
Colonel Roosevelt complied with the re
quest, and in another instant the troop
ers were standing at attention in front
of the grand stand. This was a neat bit
of strategy, and before Colonel Roose
velt could realize why he was being
spoken to Hon. Frank Springer, acting
on behalf of the people of New Mexico,
began his speech, presenting Colonel
Roosevelt with a medal.
The medal is pendant from bar
chains, V shaped, with ends attached to
the bar and joined to the medal at the
center. On the bar is the wording,
"Colonel Theodore Roosevelt." Between
the bar and the medal the coat of arms
of New Mexico is engraved. On the
medal proper are crossed sabers, and
above them is the monogram "R. R.
R." Below the sabers is the wording,
"Presented by the citizens of New Mcx»
ico, Las Vegas, N. M., June 24, 1899."
On the circular edge of the medal
proper are the words "San Juan," "Las
Guaslmas" and "Santiago." The dia
mond in the center is just below the
sabers.
The presentation was a genuine sur
prise to Colonel Roosevelt. Mr. Spring
er handed the medal to his young
daughter. Miss Eva, who pinned it on
the lappel of Colonel Roosevelt's Rough
Rider blouse. The recipient was visibly
affected and responded as follows:
Justice Springer, and to you. Miss
Springer, and to you, my fellow-Ameri
cans'of New Mexico, 1 want to say I can
not express In words how deeply I am
touched by what you have done. I prize
this gift more, than anything else that
could have oeen given to me, coming as
it does and In the way it does and from
those from -whom it comes. For it comes
on the anniversary of a day fateful in the
annals of the West. Twenty-three years
ago Ouster rode to his death with his gal
lant men at the Rosebud, adding his
share in the "winning of the West"— in
the upbuilding of the West, which you
have, all of you upbuilt— bringing up your
section level in patriotism, level in high
ness of purpose, with all that there is in
this nation. I cannot say how glad I have
been to come here. I never was in New
Mexico before, but I have never felt like
a stranger for one moment among you.
(Applause.) I claim the same right that
each of your sons claim of "lory and take
pride in the name and fame of New
Mexico. I am an American as you are
Americans, and you and I alike have the
right to claim as our own every acre and
rod of country from Maine to Oregon,
from Florida to California. (Applause.)
All I shall say is if New Mexico wants to
be a State you can count me in, and I will
go to Washington to speak for you or do
anything you wish. iLong and continued
applause.)
Colonel Roosevelt's address was cut
short by the rain, which put a stop to
the amusements of the daylight pro
gramme- _______^^___
Spread of Yellow Fever.
OAXACA, Mexico, June 25.— The rapid
spread of yellow fever in the towns of
Tehuantepec and Coatbaooalcos and
other places on the Isthmus has caused
great uneasiness among the people of this
State, The health authorities are taking 1
active steps to stop the spread of the epi
demic
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEATH FROM
PLAGUE ON
NIPPON MARC
Appearance of the Scourge
Causes the Steamer to Be
Twice Quarantined.
is now aThomulu
Japanese Vessel First Detained at
Nagasaki, and a Second Case
Occurs After Leaving.
Ppprlal Corrpsp^ndpnce of The Call.
HONOLULU, Juno IS.— Bubnnio
plague is held by the local health
authorities to exist in tho corpse of a
Chinese steerage passenger on board
the steamship Nippon Marti, lying since
yesterday morning off the harbor of
j Honolulu. For this cause tho Board of
I Health ordered the vessel into quaran
tine for seven days. The alternative ia
I to have the Nippon Maru refused both
I admission into the harbor and the land-
I ing of passengers arid freight.
When tho steamship China arrived,
from San Francisco on Thursday with
out any cable advices regarding the
Nippon after her departure from Hnns;
kong on time, conjectures upon the
cause of the steamer's being six days
overdue were balanced between quar
antine and breakdown. The vessel's
arrival here early yesterday morning
proved the quarantine guess correct. It
als'i brought the community face to
face with the stern duty of self-protec-
I tion against the black Oriental scourge.
The Nippon Maru Balled from Hong
kong on May 21. and Shanghai on the
24th. She arrived at Nagasaki two days
later, and there dispatched all of her
business without. impediment. The
steamer was leaving the harbor of
Nagasaki under a full head of steam
when a Chinese steerage passenger
died. Captain Allen put the ship back
to port rather than take any chances
of having it become a plague ship or
detained under suspicion of being such
at other ports of call ahead.
Although the ships doctor did not
consider it a case of plague, the body
was sent ashore at Nagasaki for exam
ination. The Japanese port physicians,
however, pronounced the death as hav
ing been caused by plague. They de
clared the corpse infested with plague
baii"i. t and by tlvir on )»r ft was cre
matea. Trie Nippon Maru wrai ;.t. the
same time ordered into quarantine for
seven days.
Having fulfilled her prescribed term
of quarantine, the steamship sailed
from Nagasaki on June 8. She made
Kobe and Yokohama all right, having
had no further case of sickness.
I and sailed from the latter port for
! Honolulu on June 8. The Rio de. Janeiro
| had sailed for Honolulu the previous
day, but was not sighted here until
yesterday evening — about twelve hours
later than the Nippon Maru. The Rio
| brought a clean bill of health and was
admitted to dock in the harbor. Sh*
sailed at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
Upon the arrival of the Nippon off the
harbor she was boarded by Dr. F. R.
Day, port physician and member of the
Board of Health. She reported the
death of a Chinese steerage passenger
on June 14. The man hud been ill but
twenty-two hours and the ship's physi
cian gave the cause as uraemic convul
sions, due to kidney troubles. The body
had been kept on board embalnird.
Dr. Day at the same time received
an official report of the quarantining
at Nagasaki from Dr. Rokkaku. medi
cal inspector at Yokohama for the
Hawaiian Government. Taking into
consideration this report frmn Japan,
together with the fact that the victim
had died after only twenty-two hours'
illness, he ordered the Bteamship into
quarantine until he came ashore and
reported.
Having made his report to the board,
the port physician returned to the
ship, taking with him Dr. Carmichael,
inspector of the United States Hospital
Marine Service. The two doctors made
a post mortem examination of the dead
Chinaman. They found the condition
of the lungs, the bronchial tubes and
the kidneys, as well as that of the
pericardium and peritonital cavities,
strongly suspicious of the plague. Some
specimens of the fluids and glands
were brought ashore for microscopical
examination, which being made strong
ly supported the diagnosis of the phy
sicians. The only absolute proof, how
ever, is to be found in the cultivation
of the germs. This pro* ess will take
three or four days. As the matter
stands, though, the appearance of the
bacillus is identical with that of speci
mens of the plague bacillus brought
from Japan two years ago by Dr. C. B.
Wood.
These facts were all laid before a
special meeting of the Board of Health
yesterday afternoon. The board pre
scribed a strict quarantine for the
Nippon Maru. It proposed a period of
seven days after disinfection. Should
the proposition bo declined, the ship
will not be allowed to land either pas
sengers or freight.
There are eight saloon passengers for
Honolulu, including Mr. and Mrs. H. F.
Wichman and Dr. W. T. Monsarrat.
Mr. Wichman is the leading jeweler of
this city. Dr. Monsarrat Is the
veterinary inspector of the Hawaiian
Government; who left here in a trans
port carrying army horses and mules to
Manila, under engagement by the
United States military authorities. The
ship has 750 tons of cargo for this
port.
Dr. Wood, a member of the Board of
Health, said to The Call correspondent:
"The necessity for quarantining any
passengers landing here being decided,
the possibility is thereby admitted that
the disease may develop among them at
quarantine. Unlike some other dis
eases to be guarded against. th*»
plague is known to be communicable
through the medium of rats and other
vermin. It is absolutely impossible to
disinfect tho ship properly with about
800 people on board. If, however, the
ship accepts quarantine, it must bs
afforded. The passengers would be
fumigated before and after landing at
Quarantine Tsland, and there treated to
the chemical bath, etc., and the through
passengers returned to the vessel when
she had been completely disinfected.
The captain of the steamer does not
admit that it was the plague of which
his steerage passenger died, but the
Board of Health physicians are almost
, positive that it was nothing else."2
TO RULE FOR A DAY
OVER PLACERVILLE
MISS MfIBEL VINEYARD.
T"\LACERVILLE. June 25.— After a spirited voting contest. Miss Mabel
\~* Vineyard was last night selected to impersonate the Goddess of Liberty
X for the Fourth of July celebration in this city.
Miss Vineyard is a native of this city, the daughter of a pioneer resi
dent, and is one of the fairest of the many beautiful girls in the historic
old Empire i 'ounty.
WORK OF THE
FISH COMMISSION
Past Year Was a Most
Successful One.
Sl>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. June 25.— The work of
the Fish Commission is practically com
pleted for this year. According to the
officials of the commission, when th
ports are sent in July 1. they will
that it has been the roost successful year
in the history of the commission. The
great bulk of the work has !■•
collection and distribution of th<
fry of commercial food fish, and this year
more cod. white fish. pike, perob,
f.at fifih and lobster have been planted
than ever before.
Fully as many shad have been planted
this year as last, when the high v.
mark in Bhftd propagation was reached.
The gTeat commercial value of thr work
done by the Fish Commission can be best i
illustrated In the case of shad. The catch |
of shad in 1886 was five million. The sys
tematic collection of eggs and distribution
of shad fry since that year have ln.ci
the catch annuatly until this year U
reached 13,006.000; an increase of 150 p*t ■
cent In fo;;: rs. At the same time
the coet of shad ha.« been <W
the consumer more than 30 ]".-r cent.
The value of the catch this year was
upward of ■ has been
obtained by the commission at a total ex
penditure of $;2.000. For so successful was
the experiment made several years ago
for the introduction of shad and striped ;
bass on the Pacific Coast, thai planting
of those two food fish on that coast lias
been suspended. The shad catch on the
Pacific now ranges between mie and two
million annually. The total cost of intro
ducing the shad into Pacific waters was
but $5000. So plentiful has the striped bass j
become in the Pacific Coast streams since
their introduction that they can be pur
chased in the market? of the coast cheaper
the year around than in the Eastern mar
kets. "When they were first introduced
they brought $1 a pound.
The work at the California stations
this year has been confined to the propa
gation of the commercial salmon and the
sock-eye and steel-head trout. CK'er 40,
--000,000 eggs have been distributed fr>m
these stations. From the five On
stations on the Columbia Rlv I
fry have been planted in the Pacific
Coast streams. The new station at Ba
kers Lake, Wash., established for iik 1
propagation of bluehack and Bilver
salmon will begin operations July 1. In
the Rocky Mountain region there are sta
tions in Montana. Colorado and South
Dakota for the propagation of Eastern
brook trout, grayling, mountain and
black-spotted trout. From th< se sta
tions 6.000.000 fry were distributed in the
Ftrc-ams of Colorado, Washington, Idaho,
Montana, South Dakota, Kew Mexico,
Aiizona and Indian Territory. From me
Middle States stations in lowa, Illinois,
Missouri and Texas for the propagation
of brook and rainbow trout, black bass
and croppie, 1,000,000 fry of all kinds were
distributed tn stocking private ponds and
Btreams and some public waters. From
tho stations on the Great Lakes, where
the white fish, lake trout, herring, pike,
perch and wall-eyed pike are collected,
7n0.000.00n eggs of all kinds were taken
and 500,000,000 fry planted. At the shad
stations at Bullockville. Ga., Edenton,
N. C. Bryans Point. Ya., -Havre do Grace
and Gloucester shad eggs were
collected and 240,000,000 fry planted In all
the important streams from Florida to
Massachusetts. There tffe stations in
Virginia and Tennessee for the propaga
tion of black bass and trout, but these
have done little this year.
In Massachusetts there are two of the
largest marine fish culture stations in tne
world. At these the cod, pollock, flatfish
(flounder) and lobsters are propagated.
river 800,000,000 cod <-t:gs were collected
here and between 150 .
fry distributed. Over -Roooofio flatfish
were planted. Tlir- lobster season has not
yet closed. Over 100,000,900 i-irus have al
ready been taken and it is expected that
50,000.000 more will be taken before the
close of the season.
CLAIMS HE CAN MAKE
GOLD AND DIAMONDS
Indiana Man Displays Splendid Sam
ples in Support of His Con
tention.
KOKOMO, Ind., June 25.— A Kokomo
man claims to have discovered a
process for making gold. The alleged
discoverer Is Dr. Hercules Ogle, a prac
titioner of fifty years' standing in this
community. In the rear of his little of
fice is a dingy shed which the doctor
uses for a laboratory. On the shelves
there are thousands of pebbles of all
varieties, specimens of rocks, parcels of
sand— in fact, samples of everything
that is to be found in the bowels of the
earth.
"It is all in knowing how," said the
old doctor to a newspaper man, as he
displayed a handful of nuggets. "These
are pure gold and they came from a
point within five miles of Kokorao. Na
ture provides the elements for all good
things, and man is expected to have in
telligence enough to use them, but does
not. I have been prow Hog around
among the elements that enter into the
construction of earth, and while I have
learned a few things there are millions
of other good things waiting for the
hand of intelligence to bring them
forth. The combinations and variations
are almost Inexhaustible.
"These stones you see here have ele
ments of gold, and there are diamond?.
in that pile over there. Here are some
of the manufactured ones, and real
sparklers they are, so a number of Jew
elers have told me. Book chemistry is
all right so far as it goes, but it is the
practical work that counts."
He refuses to inform the public of the
combination of elements that produces
gold and diamonds, but he has speci
mens that have passed the most critical
analysis and numerous letters and re
ports from experts and assayers pro
nouncing them the genuine article.
KRUGER TALKS
PEACE BUT
BUYS GUNS
Continued from First Papc.
to ask for an armistice, and later agreed
t" ,i peace practically dictated by the
Boers. In this fight the British had
every advantage of position on the sum
mit .if Majuha Hi!!. The Boers attacked
early in the morning and under some
desultory firing advanced in three parties
uj> the hill. The British were outflanked
and surrounded and a deadly fire poured
in upon them from all sides. As usual,
all the officers were poon shot down and
General Sir George Colley was killed.
The whole British force, among whom
were the Gordon Highlanders and other
equally famous regiments, the best in
the British army, broke and fled before a
force inferior to their own. Many more
fell as they ran headlong down the hill
under the fire of the sharpshooters and a
large number were taken prisoners. So
disastrous a defeat has seldom fallen
upon a British force.
The Boers then had but few breech
loading rifles, but at the present time
they are supplied with the very latest and
best of arms and munitions of war.
their expenditures therefor since the
Jamieson raid in 1896 amounting, accord
ing to the best authorities, to nearly
$7,000,000. They have no standing army,
hut every able-bodied male between IS
and 60 is liable to military service in case
of war, which gives an available force of
some 38,000 men.
There are two foot and two mounted
volunteer corps, numbering 1170 men,
which are subsidized by the Government,
besides some batteries of horse artillery.
Except these the Boers know nothing of
drill or marching in line or column, but,
after their own fashion, they are fighters
not to be despised.
AMERICAN OFFICERS
START A RIOT IN CUBA
Several Persons Injured During the
Melee They Created to Avoid
Arrest.
CIENFUEGOS, Cuba, June 25.— Three
American officers, who had been creat
ing a disturbance In a house of ill-re
pute and had resisted arrest, entered a
carriage and began firing their revolv
ers, wounding Policeman Ortega. Other
policemen returned the fire and Joined
by a mob pursued the carriage to the
railway station, where American pick
ets were guarding wagons and a safe
containing money.
The troops, mostly recruits, on seeing
that the officers were in danger, en
trenched themselves behind the wagons
and began shooting, wounding two po
licemen and three civilians. A wealthy
planter who was passing in a carriage
with his children was struck by a
Krag-Jorgensen ball, receiving serious
injury.
Senor Frias, the Mayor, the Cuban
General Esquerra and Major Bowman,
commanding the Americans, rode
through the crowd, begging the people
to restrain themselves and ordering the
troops to stop. Their attempts were
finally successful. The corporal in
charge of the pickets says he did not
give an order to fire, but people who
were near insist that they heard him
give such a command.
Indignation runs high, but there is no
fear of further trouble. The offending
officers have been locked up.
NOTHING TO SAY OF
SENATORIAL ASPIRATIONS
Alger Does Not Think His Former
Statements Will Embarrass the
Administration.
WASHINGTON. June 25.-Secretary Al
ger returned to the capital this evening
and said he had nothing to add to what he
said in Chicago regarding his candidacy
for the Senate. He did not intend to re
sign from the Cabinet, as the campaign
for Senator would not begin until next
year. He did not see how it could em
barrass the administration for him to re
main in the Cabinet after he announced
his views on trusts, but that was a ques
tion for the President alone to decide.
He had always been frank with the Presi
dent and the President had always known
he could have his resignation whenever
It would relieve the administration of em
barransment.
He did not pretend to speak for the ad
ministration in his view upon trusts, but
spoke as a private citizen concerning
what he regarded as one of the dangers
of the country. No members of the Cabi
net could commit the administration upon
any question, as was shown by Secretary-
Gage's position regarding currency re
form expressed in his official report, but
which was not indorsed by. the President.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 26, 1899.
COLUMBIA HAS
HER TRIAL TRIP
Successful Beyond All
Expectations.
DISTANCED THE DEFENDER
AMERICA'S CUP CONSIDERED
SAFE FOR ANOTHER YEAR.
Race in an Eight-Knot Breeze Showed
the New Boat Twenty Seconds
a Mile Faster Than
the Old.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWPORT, June 25.— The first trial trip
of the new America's cup defender Co
lumbia, which took place in Narragansott
Bay to-day, was more successful than
either her builders or her owners had rea
son to hope. Not only dTd the new boat
show herself to be able in every particu
lar but she met the old , racer, the De
fender, in a friendly brush of a mile to
windward and vanquished her Will) tho
greatest ease.
Tho race between the flyers, which w::n
over in rtve minutes, was sailed in an
eight-knot breeze under the same condi
tions, each boat carrying three lower
sails, rvith sheets well flattened. It took
the Columbia about three minutes, sailing
from the Defender's weather auarter, to
blanket her, and in five minutes she ;-is
one hundred yards ahead, going past the
old cup defender as if the latter was an
chored.
Under these circumstances it would
seen) ;is if the Columbia were from fifteen
to twenty seconds faster a mile than tho
Defender, and if she can make the same
gain in a hard blow the safety of the
America's cup will be almost aasureo.
The trip to-day was the builder a trial,
and although the managing owner, I
Oliver Iselin. and a number of his yacht
ing friends were on board, the Colum
bia's designer. Nat Herreshoff, was In
charge, and after the sail down the bay
tii.- boat was towed back to Bristol for a
few minor repairs. It is expected that
she will have another trial Thursday, and
by the end of the week will be formally
turned over to Mr. Iselin. In the mean
time her Interior finings will be finished
and her bowsprit, which apparently start
ed in the socket during to-day's brush
with the Defender, will need some atten
tion. Before the Columbia left for Bris
tol this afternoon Mr. Iselin expressed
himself as being more than satisfied with
her. and it was a happy lot of yachts
man that watched her performance and
went to Bristol with her to-night.
GOES TO EXPLORE THE
"FOSSIL CEMETERY"
Professor Crook to Head An Expedi
tion for Scientific Research in
Wyoming.
CHICAGO, June 25.— Professor A. R.
! Crook of the Northwestern University,
i who in 1887 made one of the first geo
logical explorations of Russia, traveling
as a guest of the Czar, has accepted an
invitation of the Northern Pacific Rail
road to make researches this summer
in the famous tract known as "the
j fossil cemetery of the world." This
j region is part of Wyoming, and lies in a
I many-colored desert north of Laramie,
j a spot rich in various minerals, espe
j cially gold. The professor, however, is
; indifferent to the possibility of opening
up a vein of -yellow mPta!, and has c<>n
[ centrated his hopes 6n finding gigantic
fossils of reptiles, especially th«
stegosaurus, a monster which appears
to be a pet of the professor and which
j rejoices in the possession of a Rocky
i Mountain range of armor plates twenty
i feet in length along its backbone.
To secure this and other scientific
treasures. Professor Crook will travel
300 miles on a bronco," with his portion
of camp utensils slung across his
shoulders. Five sturdy young students
of Northwestern University have been
picked out to share the honors and help
| carry the frying pans of the expedi-
I tion.
"No milk and water men will do on
| this trip," announced the professor.
"From the twenty applicants I have
chosen five men who are good geo
logists, good horsemen, good shots, and,
above all, good natured companions.
Permission to go is a sort of reward
of merit, and all the chosen have dis
tinguished themselves in the classroom.
"From discoveries already made, wo
expect to find in Wyoming the Bronto
saurus, the Atlantosaurus, the Dino
saurus and the platebearing stego
saurus. The geology of Wyoming is
also of great interest, as the geological
i i formations are on a grand scale. The
! valleys of the region are the paleon
. J tological treasure house of the world.
Wyoming has giv«»n more than any
other spot on earth to the museums of
scientific Institutions. The fossil ceme
• tery. however, is wider than "Wyoming,
and covers Western Nebraska, North
ern Kansas and South Dakota. We
owe to it nearly all our best knowledge
• of the triassic, Jurassic and cretaceous
times."
MINE WAS UNSAFE.
Effort to Place Responsibility for the
Santa Domingo Cave-In.
CHIHUAHUA. Mexico, June 25.— Gov
ernor Ahumada has ordered that an of
ficial investigation be marie of the cauuq
that led to the cave-in of the Santa Do
mingo mine in the Santa Eulalia district,
this State, a few day» ago, in which
twenty-seven miners lost their lives. It
is charged the mine was In an unsafe con
dition and that the cave-in was threatened
for several days before it actually oc
curred. Among: those who met fleaih
were several Americans, who were in
charge of gangs of Mexican miners. If
the blame for the accident can be fast
ened on any one the guilty person will be
severely dealt with by the Mexican au
thorities.
A few months ago a cave-In occurred
in a mine adjacent to the Santa DominWo.
burying alive and causing the deathlcf
sixty miners. 1
JUDGE CHAMBERS' DECISION.
BERLIN, June 25.— The Neuste Nach
richten contends that the recognition by
the International Commissioners of the
decision of Chief Justice Chambers re
gard the kingship of Samoa does not in
the least prejudice the claims of Germans
to compensation for losses sustained dur
ing the recent disturbances.
Most of the papers express vexation and
disappointment at the upholding of Chief
Justice Chambers' decision.
The Fourth at Soulsbyville.
SOULSBYVILLE. June 25.— At no other
place in the State will the Fourth of July
be more enthsuiastically observed than at
Soulsbyville. The Soulsbyville Silver Cor
net Band of nineteen pieces will donate
its servjces and is working earnestly with
the various committees to make the cele
bration a success. The exercises will be
held in Crawford Park. E. W. Hebbard
will be president of the day and Rev. J.
R. Wolfe orator. Crowds of visitors are
expected from all parts of the county.
Novel Celebration Planned.
MONTEREY, June 25.— Word comes
here from Moss Landing that the citizens
of that shipping point are preparing a
novel Fourth of. July celebration. Be
ginning with an al fresco dinner, in
which bullshedd cooked in the genuine
Spanish style will be the principal dish
it will include a rustic dance, athletic and
other games and a band concert, and will
end with an elaborate display of fireworks
in the evening. People from all the sur
rounding country wrll participate In the
festivities.
DWIGHT'S LAST
BACCALAUREATE
Parting Words of Yale's
Venerable President.
OLD CLASSMATES PRESENT
j THE FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY
OF HIS OWN GRADUATION.
; As He Addressed a Graduating Class
for the Last Time His Voice
Was Choked With
Emotion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW HAVEN, June 25.— President Tim
othy Dwlght, the venerable retiring presi
dent of Yale University, to-day preached
his last baccalaureate sermon before the
graduating classes of the academic and
scientific departments. The occasion was
also the fiftieth anniversary of President
Dwlpht's own graduation. Many of his
old classmates were in the chapel. The
graduating class occupied the greater part
of the body of the Battel Chapel. All of
them wore the academic robe, and with
them were many visitors from out of
town.
President Dwight's address was largely
I of a retrospective and personal nature. At
| the close of the sermon he addressed a
' benediction in the most solemn and im
i presslre manner. His voice often choked
with emotion. His words were:
And now. my fellow students, and may I not
almost say my classmates of the class or 18J9,
let me ask you to rise. The words which I
have spoken 'to you have had a very personal
i meaning. So much of the personal was there
in them that they may have seemed more
1 adapted to a friendly conversation than to D€
I presented to you In a large public gathering.
; But the occasion must be the reason lor giving
; them to you here. 1 can scarcely find it possi
i ble to Bpe&K to you in any other way. You
1 are with me. leaving the university. You and
j I go forth together, you the young brothers, and
1 I an older. But we are all going forth Into a
! great and glorious brotherhood. Fifty years
separate us In point of graduation, but In this
. brotherhood there is do separation, for we are
all members of a great college home. You stand,
' indeed. Ht the end of your college careers, with
' much faithtul Fpirlt. much of energy and with
| many pleasant anticipations. But # for me the
; summer day has passed into the late afternoon.
For you it 'is still morning.
I have tried to speak to you of what life
teaches and of that loving father who orders
) our life's movement for us. I have not told
i ynu anything of sorrow and of disappointment.
i They will meet many of you, and some of you
! possibly many times. The costs and the results
I of them you alone will know.
But you will find, as the years go by, that
they are helpful to the upbuilding and to the
glorifying of the soul within y"u, and that the
I>:vinp Fnther. If you trust thus to His undy
ing care, is ever leading you out of darkness
into tho sunshine of His love. When the cluodj
of the summer day pass away they leave the
sky the brighter.
I wish for each of you life"s greatest 'bless
ings, its greatest happiness and the best that
it can give you. I wish jrou joy and that your
Borrows may be scanty. May they as for God's
children work out your entire good and give
you evidence that you are under His care and
keeping. I wish for you that faith In Christ.
the expression and the sign of the Father's
love. I wish for you to leave every doubt,
even,' questioning fear, every weakness and sin
and that your life may be full and abounding.
And so i bid you farewell.
May the closing day and the sunshine at the
end of ir be filled with beautiful light, and
may the closing twilight season bear thoughts
i nnd hopes of the better and the happier life
beyond. May your testimony and mine unite
together as it comes from our personal ex
perience in the words of the Psalmist's song
.\ir loving Ood and Father who "maketh
the outgoings of the morning and evening to
rejoice." __ ______________
MOURNED AS DEAD
FOR MANY MONTHS
Frank Connolly, Formerly of the
Keene Dramatic Company, Shows
Up nt St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS. June 25.— The Post-Dis
patrh says that Frank Connolly, who
was acting as treasurer of the Thomas
W. Keene Pramtio Company in the
spring of ISOB, when he mysteriously
disappeared from McVicker's Theater,
in Chicago, has turned up in St. Louis
after a varied experience. It was be
lieved at the time that Connolly had
been foully dealt with, but the police
were unable to find the missing man.
According to Mr. Connolly's story, he
had supper that night with a woman
friend from Pittsburg. After that, un
til two weeks later, when he regained
his senses in a freight car near Mat
toon Ills., everything was a blank to
him.' He was minus $400 in money and
several hundred dollars' worth of jew
elry. He was taken to a hospital,
where he recovered from a severe ill
ness, which was the result of his hav
ing been drugged.
Thinking himself disgraced and fear
ing to fare his friends, Connolly went
to Cuba and acted as correspondent for
a number of papers during the war. He
made no attempt to conceal his identity
and apparently nobody knew him. On
his coming to St. Louis an old friend
of Mr. Connolly met and recognized
him.
CYCLONE'S HAVOC IN
A NEBRASKA VILLAGE
OHAMA, June 25.— A special to the
Bee from Bradley, Neb., says: Early
this morning a "twister" struck this
thriving village and partly wrecked it.
The storm came from the north with a
tremendous roar and aroused every
body from bed. It first struck the two
story brick block owned by Charles
Nash of New York and occupied by a
drug store and general merchandise
store below and the Methodist Society
upstairs. The building was totally
wrecked, entailing a loss, including
merchandise and. furnishings, of $10,000.
Floyd A. Watworth was caught in the
debris and seriously hurt.
Across the street the postoffice was
totally wrecked. The buildin" was oc
cupied by William Miller and valued at
$1000. Corliss' general store was un
roofed, the residence of David Magnus
was badly wrecked. Rev. Dr. Foutch
lost a carriage house and barn and
John Jones a barn. The ground was
plowed up by the wind and some stock
killed.
SMYRNA FIG WILL
BE A SUCCESS HERE
WASHINGTON, June 25.— The Agricul
tural Department has issued a bulletin
treating of the probable success of the
efforts of the department to establish the
Smyrna fig industry in California. It ap
pears that the fruiting of the Smyrna fig
is dependent upon the Introduction from
Southern Europe and the establishment in
California of a little insect which fertil
izes the fig.
Experimental introductions of the in
sect were thereupon begun and some of
them brought over n 1898 have succeeded
in penetrating the closed flowers of the
Capri figs growing at Fresno, making the
first step of the experimental work a suc
cess. The bulletin adds: "Since the in
sect has maintained itself for an entire
year, there is reason to suppose that it
will continue to breed and that California
in the near future will be able to place a
fig upon the market which will possess
the same superior flavor as that which
has given the imported Smyrna figs their
pre-eminent commercial rank."
Death of "Fatty" Walsh.
NEW YORK, June 25.— "Fatty" Walsh,
the father of Blanch Walsh, whose habit
of putting a penny in every clean hand
shown him by a child endeared him to
youthful New Yorkers, is dead.
PROFESSOR BARKER
GOES TO EUREKA
O ALINAS. June 25.— Prof. A. C. Barker, who for the past six years has
\ competently filled the position of principal of the public schools of this
\^j city, has resigned and accepted the superintendency of city schools at
Eureka.
A. C. Barker is 33 years old. He has been principal of the Austin,
Nevada. High School and several others in the Northwest and in Eastern
cities. He was on the County Board of Education and vice-president of
the State School Board. His departure from this city is deeply regretted.
TRIENNIAL FEST
AT CINCINNATI
Golden Jubilee of the
Saengerbund.
Special Despatch to The Tall.
CI NT INK ATT, June 25.— The golden ju
bilee of the Xorth American Saengerbund
will no doubt be the most largely attend
ed event this week that was ever known
in this city. This international saenger
fest was organtizert here fifty years ago.
and the triennial meeting this week will
be the most notable, one. in the history of
the organization. There are quite a num
ber here rehearsing; for the concerts,
which will begin on Wednesday. The mu
sical societies will arrive to-morrow. The
visitors will not be here until Tuesday
and Wednesday. The new hall, with a
stage capacity of 4000 and a total capac
ity of 14.530, was dedicated last Sunday,
and was visited to-day by thousands. A
feature of the saengerfest will be the
performance of the Alms prize cantata,
entitled "Valerian." by Dr. N. J. Elsen
heimer of the Cincinnati College of Mu
sic. The words, by Dr. Gustav Bruehl,
run briefly:
••Men are banished from the pleasures of
Paradise through their disobedience to
the Almighty. They are found grief
stricken on the shores of the stormy
ocean imploring the Maker of the Uni
verse for pardon. An angel descends
from heaven to console them. He calls
their attention to the beauties of nature,
that in itself is inspiring the man's am
bition and genius. His words are re
ceived with the greatest enthusiasm, and
his appeal to man's ambition is crowned
with success. For when he reappears
after a seor* of years, he finds the glo
rious work of human skill and invention.
The arts, with joyous pride, praise the
wonderful results of genius; poetry and
music especially are rejoicing over their
mighty influence. The divine messenger
expresses his joy. and hopes that all arts
have found a' home with the nations of
the world. Columbia, the representative
of the greatest nation of modern times,
amid the enthusiasm of her people,
offers her hand to Art. All people rejoice
and praise the mastering influence of the
art that has found a home with the most
illustrious nations of the world.'
At the close of the cantata Dr. Elsen
heimer makes a skillful and highly ef
fective use of the "Star-spangled Ban
ner." ,
FUNERAL RITES OVER
ENSIGN MONAGHAN
Portland Does Honor to the Memory
of the Victim of Samoan
Treachery.
PORTLAND, Or., June 25. — The re
mains of Ensign Robert Monaghan of
the cruiser Philadelphia, who was killed
in the fighting in Samoa, were given
every honor while in Portland, where
he was well remembered by many old
classmates. After lying at the armory
over night, the casket was earned out at
noon to the waiting hearse and taken
to the Cathedral.
First came a platoon of police, then
the naval and military escort under
Captain W. T. Carrol, consisting of the
Naval Reserve Battalion, a detach
ment of the Twenty-fourth Infantry
from Vancouver Barracks and the
guard of honor— eleven men from Com
pany C, Second Regiment, of Spokane,
under Captain Green, and the Young
Men's Institute.
The First Regiment Band rendered
music and the bells tolled as the pro
cession passed up Washingtn street and
approached the Catholic Cathedral, in
which edifice 2000 people had assembled.
As the casket was borne up the main
aisle a dirge came from the organ,
and the choir rendered a hymn. The
singing of "Nearer, My God, to Thee"
was very touching-.
The service for the dead was con
ducted by the resident clergy, and
Archbishop Alexander Christie deliv
ered an address. The remains were
then escorted to the train, whfch left
for Spokane at 2:10 p. m.
BIG BLAZE IN BOSTON.
BOSTON, June 25.— The large six
story building on the corner of Pearl
and Purchase streets was swept almost
clean by fire to-night, the owners and
numerous occupants, mostly small pub
lishing concerns, sustaining a loss of
nearly $180,000.
The principal loss, other than on the
building, falls on the Boston Bookbind
ing Company, which has issued a num
ber of publications. Including The Golf
er, the American Wool and Cotton Re
porter and Land and Water. William
King, the watchman, is missing.
FUTILE SEARCH
FOR BURIED GOLD
Cocos Island Treasure
Not Found.
STOCKTON, June 25.— Captain Geis
sler, the treasure hunter who has spent
seven years on Cocos Island and who
is back in Stockton with no gold, has
his faith in the story of buried millions !
unaltered. Geissler is the man, who, ,
seven years ago, sailed from here in the I
rickity little boat known as the Hay- i
seed, and succeeded with his small band j
of adventurous spirits in reaching the j
little Island off the Costa Rican coast, j
The story of the millions buried on the '•
island by pirates under Del Pedro Ben
ito, in the year of 1821, was founded on
a report generally accepted as being
true, but the value of the interred Span,
ish coin has grown with the passing
years from {10,000,000 to $60,000,000. So
generally believed is the story that the
Central American Government has re
served certain rights in case the treas
ure is discovered, and more than one
passing warship has allowed a crew to
land in order to take a look at the is
land. Many stories have been related
concerning the island, but Geissler gives
the reasons for the faith within him
upon the following grounds:
During the early years of the present
century Cocos Island was the home of
a piratical band, composed mostly c-f
Portuguese. After their raids upon
helpless coast settlements Benito's band
would run for the island, and after car
ing for their booty would again put to
sea. Finally on one of the voyages the
pirate ship went against a stronger
vessel and but two of the cut-throats
were spared. These two men were al
lowed to live in order that they might
direct their captors to the place where
the doubloons were buried. They es
caped, and one of them is believed to
have been John Keating, who settled in
St. Johns, Newfoundland, a few years
later. At any rate Keating seemed to
talk a whole lot about the affair and to
know where the treasure was buried on
the island. He claimed to have secured
this information from one of the two
men who escaped.
Keating interested some seafaring
men in a scheme to recover the gold
and a vessel was fitted out in 1844 to
visit the island. The captain of the
vessel went ashore with Keating and
was never seen alive again. Keating
told a story of how he and the captain,
after securing all the treasure they
could carry, concluded to not return to
the waiting vessel, but to make their
way to the Costa Rican coast in the
canoe and thus escape the obligation of
dividing with the crew, or giving out
information as to what they had seen
Later they were to return to the island
and bring away the money. The Costa
Rican Government, however, suspected
him of having murdered the captain.
The story he told that their canoe had
overturned and the captain drowned
was a little too thin. Keating brought
away $10,000 and with this bribed some
officials and managed to get out of the
country. This occurred, according to
the story, in 1546.
Keating returned to Canada and died
there, leaving a widow, who is now a
Mrs. Brennan and resides at an ad
vanced age in British Columbia She
| says that when about to die Keating
disclosed to her the markings on the
island necessary to a successful hunt
for the treasure. She dreaded a sea
voyage and entered into an agreement
by which Geissler undertook to search
seven years ago.
A year ago the old lady, being dis
satisfleld with Geissler's reports, char
tered a vessel and went to the island.
Time has effaced many landmarks and
! to this is the unsuccessful search attri
! buted. A man named Hartford made
! the acquaintance of Mrs. Brennan dur
| ing her voyage and on learning her
story he interested British naval men.
The Imperieuse, under Commodore Pal
liser, landed a party last year, which
made a search against the protests of
the first comers. The sailors found
nothing.
Geissler says that all that remains to
be done is to prosecute a systematic
search. This may take years. He has a
large plantation laid out, with 20,000
coffee and 2000 banana trees already be
ginning to bear. Mrs. Geissler has be
come a resident of the island and the
two will spend their remaining years
looking after the plantation and search
ing for the buried millions of Del Pedro
Benito.
Cocos Island lies twenty miles off. the
coast and contains about twenty square
miles. Captain Geissler will return to
his island home in a few weeks.
DANGER OF A CLASH
ON ALASKAN BORDER
State Department Notified of the Bit
terness Between Americans and
Canadians.
WASHINGTON, June 25.— A Wash
ington special to the Journal says:
State Department officials are advised
there is eminent danger of a clash be
tween citizens of the United States and
Canada in disputed territory.
The department officials assert that
any clash near the line will be entirely
due to the impossibility of making
laws for a modus Vivendi while the
provisional line is held in abeyance.
Were the provisional line agreed to the
United States and Great Britain •
immediately formulate police and
toms regulation- which would guaran
tee protection for Americans on the
Canadian side and Canadians on the
American. The extreme tension of th?
situation is reported to the depart
ment to-day.
GERMANY'S OBJECTIONS TO
ARBITRATION WITHDRAWN
Russians Do Not Expect a Majority
for Their Disarmament Pro
posals.
LONDON. Juno 26.— Tli ndent
of the Daily News at The Hague says:
Count Munster. the head of the German
delegation, has received Prince II
lohe's instructions, and Germany will
withdraw her objections to the establish
ment of a court of arbitration provided
the obligatory clauses are expunged. The
Russians themselves do not expert a ma
jority for their disarmament propo
which are not advanced seriously.
The Berlin correspondent of the Stan
dard says: Negotiations between Ger
many and the United States rogardinjr a
compromise on arbitration ar>> pri
inp smoothly, all the more so as England
seems inclined to accept the result and
Austria, Italy and Russia have already
declared themselves in its favor.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEO COUNTY, CAL..
1b rebuilding with all modern improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin its
ninth year August loth. Beautiful surround-
ings, home influences. Offers superior advan-
tage* for the care and thorough training of
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA G. HOITT. Ph. P.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL, .
SAN MATEO, CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. 1868.
by tHe late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer, D.D.
For catalogue and illustrated- circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. 8..
Rector and Head Master.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.—
diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunities offered in music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to Mrs. C. T. Mills, President,
Mills College P. 0., Alameda Co., Cal.
Thirty-third year. Fall term opens August
2. 1839. • ,
SACRED HEART ACADEMY j
MENLO PARK. t,
CONDUCTED BY THE LADIES OF THE
Sacred Heart. Term. opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
] J| For the Best $10 Suit \
i T^jF to order you must go to
I Ills JOE POHEIM.
1 Ps&tt\ or $ 25 y° u can s et a
i * trimmed suit $10 Suit'
to order you must go to [■
JOE POHEIIYi.
For $25 you can get a
fine, well made and wek'
trimmed suit at
! WM JOE POHEIM'S.
i %*fM Will cost elsewhere $40.
1 . . All-wool, styTsh-cut i
' " aw " Pants to order from $4 i
i 1 |l » to $12 at ..]
jNf^ JOE POHEIM'S,
1 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush
) 1110-1112 Market St., S. F.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
; i £% - 1051 UA2X3T ST. tst. 6:hS7ti, S.P.C:!. 4
y^f The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
i I £*f^>-rx. ori<^- Weaknesses or any contracted Q
1 ScsJDU disease p»»Hi»«rly cured by the oldest T
0 igSI Specialist on the Co«t. Est. 36 years. 9
iiSuS OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 6
IWml Consultation free and strictly private \
I nB7R Treatment personally or by letter. A A
ft flr fla Positive Cure in every case undertaken. "T
m I ll A Write for Book. raiLosorov of A
II II BAnnIAGE, MAILED FREE. (Af
A {J (h valuable bock for mm) ;■•- \ '
r DB. 4CO..loslMarkptSt..S. F. F
Qkxjz VITALIS
, TSSirf /^ THE NEW
istD»r. 2iaC^a^'« V fom CBCMPy
tm-tW 10th D»y . «ii« 'TSL I ilbßwnM
VITALSS •■ iilthr>a «£» ' M DCiSCnV
rRODUKSTHSABOVK 30th Day. IlklflClllSl
KKSri.TS. It quickly & surely removes Nervousness, Impotency,
Nightly Emission*, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indiicr-tion. Restores Lest vitality.
Power »nd Failing Memory. Wards ->ff Insanity mnd Cocrnrap*
«lon. Cures when all others fail. Insist on bavin* VITALIS.
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail * 1.00
per pucksfe or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
«JAI.I MET CURE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chlcsc-
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 3aldwln Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Crant Drug Co., in
i Oakland by Owl Drug Co. '
' MCTDX/ITA Kwiortt viTAurtr
INcnVI I -M LOST vigor.
igSj!!s§} -^ AND MANHOOD
W%sjTH' \ Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
HS&J29 6 diseases, all effects of self'abusc, or excess and
wS, ■^\J! indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
1 * Brings the pink glow to pale hecks and re "
ik. K>ZZJ stores the fire of youth. By lnaa 50 ° per
[TA^SSSt box; 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money,
Skrvita medical Cc, CHnlon « Jackson «($., Gljicaa?.
K. t. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists, 8 Market. S. P.
g^mm rupture.
' B^^T .' >' jiWKSK SO MOKE IRON
TgEsSS&iLtimtsr Hoops or Steel Springs.
ff^Bfra WTyy Rupture retained with ease
fl\^K«fV7and comfort, and thousands radl-
Wi/M* cal CURED by DR. PIERCE
m /B* Magnetic Elastic Truss. ICTCaII at
T^f/%/ office or write for Naw Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
«20 Market >t., oPP. Palace Motel, San Francisco
*'^oS£3^&£&-}f9 Bls Pla 1 non-poi«oriorj»
«<M^^^ul remedy for Gonorrhoea,
iigarcCßEb^M Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
mBmM in 1 u>sd»j«.^B Whites, unnatural its-
JW Ouuranued M charges, or any inllamma-
R*MI not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcersy
g^-4Prtrtatt contagion. tion of mucous m.-m-
-|, «HeEv*NS CHEMirn branes. lion-astringent.
Itf^^CDtCINNATI.S Q I Sold b J DnnlHt,
C. 3. A. iH 0 * sent in plain wrapper,
r*^WBI^ t af^P^W £7 M ex P re '' 3 i Prepaid, foj
*>l!mmbM&sFm »V°". or 3 bottle*, $2.75.
v ■• r % v ■ Circßi&r Mat oa r«issi
Dad way's i
Purely . vegetable, mild an! reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete! absorption and
healthful regularity. . •." .■ ■ ■! ' '
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys. Bltdder. Female Ir-
regularities, - Sick Headache. i Biliousness, Con- '
•tipatlon. Piles and all ■ derangements of . th*
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists*
m tat mall. RXXtWAX & CO. New Xork*JESSE WALTERS
DIES IN SOLANO
COUNTY'S JAIL
Slayer of Alfred Cook Suc
cumbs to the Effects of
an Operation.
SUISUN, June 25.— Jesse Walters 1
trial for the murder of Alfred Cook will
never take place. The accused man
succumbed to an operation performed
on him to-dny. His left leg was am
putated at 11 o'clock this morning, and
Just four hours later he breathed his
last. Dr. W. G. Downing of Suisun per
formed the operation, and was assisted
by E. L. Hennesy of Xapa. Walters re
gained consciousness a half-hour after
the surgeons had finished and was able
to answer some questions. He easily
recognized those about him. Mrs. Wal
ters ajid two sons were at the bedside
• ■when tlie end came.
Although h<> rested ensily last even
ing and felt confident then that the op,
oration would save his life, Walters
realized early this morning That the
end was near, and had his attorney
make out dee, is by which all his prop
erty was conveyed to his wife. He was
the possessor of some notes, and these
were transferred in a like manner. The
two sons of the deceased have already
been provided for. They will become
heirs to a life estate of valuable prop
erty held by th»ir father. The real es
tate and notes which go t>> Mrs. Wal
ters are valued at about $10,000. The
remains will be si ;;t to Oakville, Napa
County, for burial.
A duel to the death occurred en January
6 in the livery stable conducted by ex-
Sheriff McKenzie at Napa, The principals
v.ere Jesse Walters, an Oakville capital
ist and once prominent ;is a peace officer
of the county, ami Alfred Cook, an em
at the stable. Residents in the vi
cinity heard a su< shots and,
• ti> the stable, found Cook lying
in one ..f tli,> stalls in the rear, while
Walters was suffering from a serious
wound in the leg. Walters claimed b< ha ;
entered the stable to see ex-Sheriff Mc-
Kenzie on a matter of business. As soon
us he passed the door h< was fired upon
by Cook, whom he did not at that time
■ :.ize. He drew his revolver and,
though sorely wounded, r< turned the tire
nnd killed Cook. McKenzie corroborated
this story, and after a few days the affair
was almost forgotten. Walters identified
the dead mar. as a person who had worked
for him formerly, tun had been discharged
and at thai time had sworn h« would be
revenged- This was regarded as the true
. of the shooting and the causes lead
ing to it.
the official? of Napa County had
oncluslon thut there was
tn^rr bark of the duel than appeared on
the surface. They conducted Investiga
te na quietly, and a week later thr citizens
treated to an i nttrely unlooked-for
Jesse Walters was arrest'-d on
.■ him with the murder
fred Cook, and following closely tipon
the heels of his arrest came that of ex-
Sheriff McKenzle as an accessory to the
('rime.. It was ;laimed by the officials that
had een decoyed to the stable and
trlven employment as ->art of a conspiracy
■ t him into a position where Walters
I kill him. and that the ex-sheriff was
t\ r«Rrty to the plot. Around the duel the
lotities, through a careful Investlga
-.) a romantic story treating
08 the wrecking of a rich man's home by
iustabout laborer, and the tragedy
mat resulted from the attempt to 1
the wrong.
The facts as piven hy tho prosecution
■iif preliminary hearing of the two
About two years ago
Alfred Cook was discharged from the em
■ .: - ■ Walters of Oakville.. with
wh^>m he was employed as a barkeeper.
■ Cook's dismissal was the
• >n the part of Walters that his
OVER SIX SCORE
YEARS OF LIFE
Indian Woman Dies at
a Great Age.
Special Disi>atch to The Call.
SALINAS. June 25.— The old Indian
woman known as Gregoria and supposed
to be the oldest Indian in this part of the
State Is dead, after having lived more j
than six score years. The exact age of
the old woman is not known, and even
phe was not aware what age she had at
tained. When asked she would become
quite angered and would reply that she
did not know, neither did she care, philo
sophically explaining that if phe did know
she would worry' and would die sooner.
Some of the oldest inhabitants claim
that Gregoria was nearly 150 years of
age. From the records kept by the Cath
olic priests and from other data it is
learned that the woman was at least r,L'
years old. Some time ago, when the old
mission of San Antonio was a spot at
which hundreds of people congregated to j
celebrate a certain anniversary, old
Gregoria wan present The celebration s-o
f nthused her that she divulged a secret |
which substantiated the records— that she
was four years old when the mission w.i^
was an illiterate being, but
•was a devout Romanist. During her lons
affiliation with the Catholic church sho
never lost the tribal belief In the happy
hunting grounds" tradition, although In
every other respect she was entirely
Christianized.
Gregoria to no one living now has
told h*r life's history, but it is known it
was filled with true Indian romance and
adventure. She was horn near San An- j
tonlo, and although she lived such a long j
find eventful life was away from the place
of her birth but twice— once to Mission
Fan Miguel and on another occasion to
the Mission Soledad. Gregoria never was
known to wear a shoe or even a mocoa-
Fin For more than thirty years she has
lived as n charge of this county. She was
I.uri^d veeterday at Jolon with all due
ceremony. ___^_____
WOULD NOT RIDE
WITH NON-UNION CREWS'
Passengers Leave Cars in Cleveland.
Lines All Running and No More
Trouble Expected.
CLEVELAND, June 25.— 0n1y one out
l.ri-ak (if violence attended the resumption
of traffic on all the lin.-s of the big Con
solidated Street Hallway this morning.
There wai an objection in some parts of
the city to the retention of the non-union
men who were kept by the company. A
;>;irty of twonty-fivr men assembled near
the Brooklyn bridge, just south of the
city, and whenever a car came along with
,-i non-union crew the passengers were
asked to disembark nnd wait for another
manned by ;i union crew. In most cases
the passengers <liil us requested. Finally
a non-union conductor undertook to argue
with the crowd, :in<l he was promptly
struck on the head with a Hub and he
and the motorman driven away. The mob
refused to permit the car to move until a
union crew came along, and pushed it to
-The barns.
As a rule the old men were glad the
Ftrike was settled, though there was some
grumbling because the non-union men
were kept. It is predicted that all the
non-union men will be glad to leave the
city within thirty days, though the com
pany imposed aB one of the conditions of
the agreement for the settlement of the
trouble that all the new men should be
treated with consideration by the old em
ployes. I
Jesse Walters.
employe had been unduly intimate with |
Mrs. Walters.
Early in December Walters became sus- |
picious that his wife and Cook were in
communication with one another, and
were even meeting clandestinely in San ,
Francisco. Acting on this idea, and en
listing the services of George S. McKen
zie, then and for ten years past Sheriff
of Napa County, a private but persistent j
Investigation was commenced to locate |
Cook and ascertain if the ex-barkeeper |
and Mrs. Walters maintained closer rela- ;
tions than the law permitted. In this al
leged conspiracy of private revenge, the
prosecution claimed, McKenzle, the high
est peace officer in the county, used the
prestige and power of his public office.
He sought to obtain prohibited Informa
tion from the local postal authorities, but
without success, and also endeavored to
secure the aid of the San Francisco Po
lice Department in the search for Cook.
Having at last located Cook, the in
tended victim of a husband's vengeance
was Induced by a letter from Mrs. Walt
ers to seek and obtain employment In
the stable of McKehr.ie.
Whether Mr?. Walters was conscious or
unconscious of the conspiracy the mi
thori'.i»'s were not prepared to say; but
they were strongly inclined to the belief
that she was either deceived or coerced
into asking McKenzic to give employ
ment to Cook, who. she claimed, was her
cousin. ami informing Cook that a place
was open for him at McKenzie's.
It was alleged by the prosecution that
it was prearanged between Walters and
McKenzie to have Cook in the box stall
where he would be done to death on the
pretext that Walters was forced to kill
him in self-defense. The plan was carried
out. but Cook, after Walters had opened
fire upon him. succeeded in drawing a re
volver and Inflicting the wound that to
day resulted in the prisoner's death.
McKenzie was afterward released on
bonds, but Walters was held in the Coun
ty Jail at Fairfield to await trial. From
the time his captivity commenced, it
seemed unlikely that he would ever live
to answer for the killing of the man who
eked his home. The wound In his leg
kept growing worse, and finally the pris
oner's physicians decided that the only
hope for him lay in the amputation of the
limb.
To the last Walters maintained that he
killed Cook in self-defense. Yesterday,
fearing that the operation would end In
his death, he made a deposition, in which
he swore that on the day of the killing
he went into the livery stable, in which
the tragedy took place. ami had no Inten
tion of meeting Cook. As soon as the
two men met Cook fired upon him. the
bullet taking effect in the left leg. Wal
ters reutrned the fire. Walters exonerated
ex-Sheriff McKezie. declaring that Mc-
Kenzie had nothing to do with the killing.
THE SEA SERPENT
IS IN ON TIME
A Monster Seen Off the
Coast of Muscongus.
Sp«^-lal Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, June 25.— A special from Mus
congus, Maine, says that the gTeat "pogy"
industry in the entire New England
coaost has been stopped by a giant sea
Berpent, which carries away the schools
of menhaden.
For several weeks the four "scout"
steamers of the pogy fleet — the Wal
ter Adams, Captain Bert Macomber; the
A. M. Hathaway, Captain Dan Mason;
the Alaska, Captain Martin Leman, and
the L. Brightman, Captain Sam Murray
have been hunting the whole length of the
New England coast Tor the menhaden,
but in vain. They have not been -able to
find a single pogy.
They did find the cause of this state of
things, however. They found the little
Canadian fishing smack Elizabeth M. and
her skipper. Zeke Tarbottom, and all of
his crew stated with the greatest insist
ence that they actually saw the serpent in
broad daylight and at short range.
There, was not a drop of liquor on
board.
As near as they could estimate the
monster was more than ten fathoms long
and its body was about as big around as a
keg of nails. Its tail was tapering and the
captain said every once in a. while it would
lash the water into foam for twenty
feet around. He said the head was queer
looking. It was not like a snake's head
and as near as they could make out it
looked more like a horse than anything
else.
Its body was looped up here and there
he said, like the corkline of a seine, and
it kept Its head moving most of the time.
Sometimes It would stick its head up into
the air four or five feet and look round
and then it would souse it under and wig
gle along for a few yards. It moved very
easy like, lie said, and some of the young
fellows In the crew was all on fin; to row
out in the dingy and see what it was
like, but he would not let them.
CHARGES EMBEZZLEMENT
AGAINST H+S BROTHER
Wealthy Stock - Raiser of Fresno
County Files a Sensational
Complaint.
FRESNO, June 25.— 1n a complaint filed
early this morning in Justice St. John's
court Pille Iriberry, a wealthy stock
raiser, charged his brother, Pedro Iri
berry, with embezzlement. The com
plaint was filed after consultation with
the District Attorney and a warrant was
immediately Issued for Pedro Iriberry's
arrest. This afternoon Constable Pules
ton served the warrant and placed the
prisoner in jail.
The amount which Iriberry is accused
of having embezzled from his brother
was $1275. The complaint sets forth tnat
a check for that amount was entrusted to
Pedro Iriberry last April by his brother
for safe keeping. It is charged the de
fendant. Instead of holding the check In
trust, had it cashed and appropriated the
money to his own use. Only a few days
ago Pille Iriberry learned of this. He
then demanded that the money be return
ed, and up to the time of his arrest Pedro
endeavored to raise the amount.
The brothers are well known throughout
the county. Pille Iriberry is the owner of
several large bands of sheep and controls
hundreds of acres of valuable real eatate
on the West Side. His brother Is not so
wealthy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1899.
DEMOCRATS STILL
HANG IN THE AIR
; No Agreement at Louis
ville Convention.
— ♦ —
GOEBEL'S STRONG HAND
BUT ONE SLIGHT BKEAK IN THE
STONE-GOEBEL COMBINE.
The Excitement Is Intense and the
Chances Are a Dark Horss
Will Win Out in
the End.
Fnerial Dispatch to The Tall.
LOUISVILLE, June 25.— 1"n to a late
hour to-night there is no sign of an agree
ment betwe* " any two of the Democratic
candidates for Governor, and it seems
likely that the tirsi ballot taken when
. the convention meets to-morrow morn
| ing will result just about as did th 3
eleventh Saturday night. Candidates and
ihoir managers have been on the so all
day out of one conference into another,
1 but so far to no purpose. The 1092 dele
gates In the convention are divided so
evenly that there is not a difference of
thirty votes in the strength of the mree
I candidates, Stone. Gobel and Hardin. Out
of these <socUl is the strongest because
of the soli-Ut y of his support. He controls
liis following absolutely and can vote
them for himself or throw them to cither
'. of his opponents at will. Neither Stone
nor Hardin can do this, and for that rea
■ son neither Is in a position to make ad
\ antageous terms.
There bus been a break in the Stone-
Goebel combination since balloting be
i gan. caused primarily by the action of
Goebel's managers in voting the seventy
votes of Louisville solidly for the Kenton
County leader on the first ballot. The-
Stone people say their understanding was
that the rqte was to be divided equally
between Stone and Coebel, but the lat- j
ter. it is said, produced a written agree
; ment covering the combination of the two
Forces up to a temporary organization,
but containing no mention of the Louis
ville delegation. Chagrined as the Stone
people an 1 at the fair.rre of the comDin.i
tion promptly to effect the nomination cf j
their candidate, it is believed they can in
a spirit of revenge bring about the nuni- !
ination of Hardin.
They threatened to try this when Goe:>el !
showed such surprising strength on the
; lirst ballot, and went so far as to start
a stampede, but ©oebel's nerve and cool
ness checkmated it. On the other hand, !
! the Hardin people cannot throw their !
str. ngth solidly to Stone, for they are di
vided in the matter of a second choice,!
and, as was the case yesterday, many ;
would go to Goebel in case of a break.
A noteworthy feature of the contest is
the Hardin campaign. Coming Into the
convention with a hundred votes short of
a majority of the delegates, beaten at
every point in the temporary organiza- '
tion and weakened by adverse decisions.
the credentials committee involving
Bcores of seats, the Hardin managers.
with consummate cleverness, jumped Into
the fi^ht when the game seemed iost, |
withdrew the name of General Hnrdin .
'. and left Goebel and Stone to fight it our. I
1 These two fell into the trap and flew at
i each other's throat, with the result that
-when the convention adjourned last
night Goebel and Stone had split and Flar
; din on the last ballot stood" In recorded
votes.
Meanwhile the throf-oornered fi.cht
prows warmer, and the delegates, who
have spent nearly a week trying to nom
inate a State ticket, may yet have to look
outside the trio now occupying the rinp
to find a leader upon whom they can
unite.
DUNHAM'S BONES NOT
ON MOUNT HAMILTON
Murderer Appeared at a Farmhouse
Days After His Crime Was
Committed.
SALINAS. June 26.— The clnfm repeat- ]
! edly made that James C. Dunham, the j
Campbells murderer, had perished In the |
Mount Hamilton hills, is Bcouted by Mrs.
Jennie Bushnell, a well-known resident
!of the Paralso Springs country- Mrs.
Bushnell recently spent a few days In
! Salinas and made the following facts
known: She was personally acquainted
I with Dunham. Three or four days after
] the commission of his crime he appeared
at her mountain home, said that he was
! out on a hunting expedition and asked for
| and was given a meal and a supply of
I food.
The Bushnells live in the most isolated
portion of Monterey County and in a
sparsely settled section of- the Santa Lu
cia hills. They receive their mail at ir
! regular, intervals. It was due to this fact
that Dunham was not reported to the
authorities, as the papers containing ac
i counts of the murder of the McGlincy
family had not at that time reached the
! Bushnell home— in fact was not received
i until many weeks afterward.
After remaining with the Bushnells dur
ing the greater portion of the day Dun
ham left, headed for the south.
A number of years ago Dunham lived in
i that section of Monterey County and was
thoroughly- familiar with the topography
lof that portion of the county's most
i rugged mountain range.
ACCOMPLISHED BY THE
BELGIAN EXPEDITION
Brief Resume of the Results of the
Journey to the Antarctic
Region.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MONTEVIDEO. June 25.— The Antarctic
steamer Belgian sailed yesterday for Los
Plata. M. de Gerlache, leader of the late
expedition, resumes as follows to the re
sults of his journey to the Antarctic re
gions:
1. Discovery of a channel, which was
named the Belgian Channel.
2. Discovery of an archipelago formerly
believed to be an Isolated island.
3. Rectification of numerous errors in
the British Admiralty maps concerning
Fireland and Shetland islands.
4. The water temperature permits the
supposition that there is a continent far
to the south.
5. Important discoveries referring to
flora and fauna.
6. Dlscoverv of unknown lands, espe
cially Davidland.
VESSEL COLLIDES
WITH AN ICEBERG
British Sloop Buzzard Meets With an
Accident Off Newfound
land.
ST. JOHNS, X. F.. June 25.— The Brit
ish armed sloop Blizzard, while trying to
react] the French treaty shore on Friday,
collided with an iceberg 1 , which stove in
her bows. By means of collision mats and
moving the guns and heavy gear to the
stern, she made her way back here safely.
She will be docked to-morrow. At the
time of the accident perfect discipline ex
isted on board and prompt preparations
were made to leave the ship should It
prove impossible to keep her above water.
It was seen, however, that the damage
w;is not serious enough to endanger the
vessel.
Two Vacaville Runaways.
VACAVILIjE, June 25.— During: the
baseball game to-day Mrs. Ray Bennett's
horse became frightened at an upraised
umbrella and plunged through the crowd!
Mrs. Bennett's little daughter was
thrown over the dashboard and the
wheels passed over her neck, severely in
juring her. Some young men on horse
back in their hurry to procure a doctor
frightened another team, which broke
loose and went tearing through the
streets, upsetting a carriage and demol
ishing It. The occupants had barely time
to leap from the vehicle.
WATSON C. GREEN'S
DEATH IS MOURNED
LODI, Juno 2."). — This community was greatly shocked to learn of the un
timely death nf Attorney Watson C. Green, which occurred at the Ger
man Hospital in San Francisco late last night. Mr. Green -ad pone
there for treatment a few days before, and on Thursday submitted to
an operation in hope of prolonging his life. From the beginning the - hysi
cians in charge offered little or no encouragement, although the operation
was successfully performed and a large tumor removed from the intestines.
His wife and child were with him at the end.
Mr. Green was one of the best known men in San Joaquin County, an
upright citizen, a promoter <>f good for his home town and an attorney of
high standing. He was always foremost in all enterprises which might
help his community, and was a good friend to many a poor man who hap
pened to become legally entangled.
The deceased was a son of Rev. Jesse Green, a pioneer minister of this
State and one of the very first settlers in this vicinity when it was only a
tangled thicket. • He graduated from the State University and at once be
gan a legal career, commencing with the early days of Lodi. He was very
successful and built up a large practice.
Mr. Green was always prominent in politics, being at the time of his
death a member of the Republican State Central Committee. He once ran
for the Assembly, but was defeated. He was editor of the Lodi Sentinel and
connected with the Review Publishing Company of this place. He leaves a
beautiful home in Lodi, besides considerable other valuable property near
here.
The interment will take place to-morrow under the auspices of the Odd
Fellows and Knights of Pythias of which orders he was a. member. He was
47 years of a and a native of Arkansas.
MYSTERY OF MISS
SLAVIN'S DEATH
Now Believed That She
Was Murdered.
Special I>ispntch to Thp Tall.
WICHITA. Kan., June 25.— When the
body of Miss Belle Slavin was found :.t
2 o'clock last Thursday morning in the
office of the National Hank of Commerce,
death having resulted from a bullet
wound in the head, it was supposed that
she had committed suicide. Later devel
opments seem to indicate that the young
woman was muni-red. Coroner Mc
laughlin now says her death was not
suicidal, and the police are working on
the theory that murder has br-en done.
Miss Slavin, who was the bank's stenog
rapher, was permitted to take in outside
work and was frequently employed un
commercial travelers and other strangers,
the work of tUts kind often keening her
In the office of the bank until 10 at night
Mr Jones, president of the bank, now
states thai on Wednesday afternoon ;i
strange man came to the bank and asked
to have some work done. Miss Slavin
told him to bring it around after 6 o clock.
Mr Jones says that he observed the
stranger surveying the interior or ihe
bank very critically. While waiting for
the stranger to keep his appointment MJSd
Slavin evidently busied herself by writ
ing letters to friends, for when her body
was found three sealed Letter* were found,
one addressed to a young woman in Kan
sas City, one to S. P. I^>w. Portland. Or.,
and one to Austin Akin of Boutn Haven.
All these letters were written In a pleas
ant vein and there was r.othing to indi
cate self-destruction.
A barber who passed the bank at 3
o'clock saw Miss Slavin standing before
the window, apparently waiting for some
one Another citizen heard a pistol shot
just after 8 o'clock. When Miss Slavln'rf
father, the president of the bank and an
other citizen went to the bank in search
of her at 2 o'clock In the morning they
found the bank door unlocked, papers
were scattered around the floor, the con
tents of several drawers were disarranged
and Miss Slavin's keys were missing. The
revolver found by the young woman's
side was not her "own. Her own weapon
was found in a drawer. The theory of tho
police is that the murderer expected to
secure valuables or money from the bank.
EDITOR BIRD CLUBBED
BY TWO MEXICANS
Lively Affrays at Nogales Followed
Articles Concerning Customs
Officials.
NOGAI.ES. Ariz.. June 25.— An assault
was made this morning upon Colonel Al
len T. Bird, editor of the Oasis, and the
doughty editor was severely beaten with
a club wielded by two men. The tight
grew out of the publication of vnrious
articles concerning alleged corruption in
the Collector of Customs' office at No
gales, Ariz. The assault was made by
two Mexicans by the name of Ullman.
They are both considered "bandidos," or
bandits, and Colonel Bird would undoubt
edly have been killed had not citizens
rushed to his assistance.
A warrant was sworn out by District
Attorney Harlow and placed in the hands
of a deputy sheriff from Crtttenden, as
it was alleged that the warrant would
not be served by the Sheriff or his depu
ties in this town. The Crittenden deputy
authorized W. J. N. McCurdy, an attor
ney, to assist him in making the arrest,
and turned one of the prisoners over to
McCurdy. The prisoner desired to go to
his room to procure some articles before
going to jail. Attorney McCurdy allowed
him to do so, but immediately upon ar
riving at the room the prisoner seized a
revolver and declared that he would not
go to jail. McCurdy thereupon drew his
revolver and shouted "Hands up!" The
prisoner dropped his pistol, and Collector
Chenoweth, who had been following, im
mediately rushed in and attempted to
grab the attorney, who was acting as a
"posse comitatus," but Chenoweth was
also stood off by McCurdy, and the pris
oner was taken before a magistrate.
Both prisoners were bound over to ap
pear under $1000 bonds. Collector Cheno
weth. who it Is alleged had hired these
two men to assault liinl, went upon their
bonds.
BARELY SAVED FROM
BLEEDING TO DEATH
Frank Powers the Victim of a Myste
rious Cutting Affray at
Stockton.
STOCKTON'. June 25.— At an early hour
this morning the police found a man ly
ing at the comer of Main and El Dorado,
streets bleeding to death from an ugly
wound in the neck. He was identified
as Frank Powers, a guest of the Occi
dental Hotel. The man was located by
a trail of blood which the police followed
around three blocks before finding him.
An air of mystery surrounds the affair.
It is believed the cutting took place near •
the hotel, as it was there the bloody
trail began. The man must have dropped
exhausted from loss of blood. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and the
wound sewed up just in time to save his
life. The jugular veto was missed by
only a fraction ef an inch. All the man
would say was "Gibson did it." and then
he would refuse to say anything more or
tell what the trouble arose over.
The police arrested William Gibson, a
man who works with Powers in the ship
yard, tut he claims he can prove an alibi.
Nothing was found on him connecting
him with the affair, and he was in bed
when the police arrived. They hurried
him to the hospital to get Power's to make
an Identification, as it. was thought the
injured man might expire. Powers posi
tively identified him as the man who did
the cutting, but refused to say what
trouble, if any. caused it. The "infured
man probably will recover. The police
are making an effort to unravel the mys
tery.
THREATENED WITH FAMINE.
Drought and Locusts Play Havoc in
a Russian Province.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 25.-The
Trans-Caspian region of Asiatic Russln,
which is under the administration of the
Governor General of the Caucasus, Prince.
Bnriatinski, is threatened with famine.
owing to the prolonged drought and
plague of locusts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pain Conquered; Health Re-
stored by Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKRAM NO. 92,649]
" I feel it my duty to write and thank
you for what your Vegetable Com-
pound has done for me. It is the only
! medicine I have found that has done
I me any good. Before taking your mcdi-
! cine, I was all run down, tired all the
time, no appetite, pains in my back and
I bearing down pains and a great suf-
ferer during menstruation. After tak-
ing two bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound I felt like a new
Woman. lam now on my fourth bottle
and all my pains have left me. I feel
; belter than 1 have felt for three years
1 and would recommend your Compound
to every suffering woman. I hope this
letter will help others to find a cure
! for their troubles." — Mrs. Della
1 Remicker, Rensselaeb, Lnd.
The serious ills of women develop
from neglect of early symptoms. Every
pain vi.'d ache has a cause, and the
! »yarn-rig they give should not be disre-
I yarded.
Mrs. Pinkham understands these
troubles better than an}' local ph}--
! sician and will give every woman free
: advieo who is puzzled about her
health. Mrs. Pinkhanrs address is
I Lynn, Mass. Don't put off writing until
health ts completely broken down.
Write at the first indication of trouble.
LIST OF PRIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THE-
LOTTERY
BEiFffll PUBLIC!
BEIFICENCIA PUBLIC!
The 125 th ordinary monthly drawing. Class I
F, drawn in the City of Mexico on June 22, i
1899. .
Special Notice-The public is cautioned to be-
ware of concerns claiming to operate lotteries 1
in the City of Mexico, or at. any other point
in the Republic of Mexico, as all such con- ;
cerns are fraudulent. The lottery of the Bene-
ficencla Publlca is the only one authorized and
indorsed by the Mexican National Govern- |
ment. Beware of spurious imitations and see ;
that all tickets are signed by A. CASTILLO, .
Intervenor, and U. BASSETTI, Manager, as
none others are genuine.
—
No. Prize. No. Prize.; No. Prize. 1
94 100 267 20 272 20
307 20 474 20 523..: 10
524 20 667 20 694 100
791 100 946 100 j 1003 20
1143 20 j 1157 20 1 1249 20 j
1376 40 1550 20, 1«69 '. 100
1744 40 1997 20| 2W9 100
2135 100 2384 20| 2471 20
2510 20 1 2523 20 2525 20
2537 20 1 2750 20 j 3073 20
3091 201 3097 40 j 3109.....'... 40 ;
3206 20:3231 20 3306 40 1
3409 20; 3430 20 S6OS '.. 100
3861 40 ', 3890 20 j 4053 40;
4228 20 1 4475 20 1 4540 40 |
4668 40] 4942 40| 5051 20 !
5055 100, 5303 20 5323 20
5455 20 5672 100! 5716 40
5870 200 1 5977 20; 5979 20;
5980 40 1 6018 20 6129 20
C142..t 20; 6175 40 1 6697..' 20
6782 20 1 6810 20 1 6853 40 j
"6861 10i) 7110 40 1 7122 20 I
7170 100 1 7196 20 7317 20
7387 1000 7665 20; 7707 40
7756........ 20 1 7782 200 7875 20 1
8159 20 8223 200 8338 20 I
8404 40 8537 20 8566 20
5604 40 j 8606 200 8665 40
8912 20 9106 40 9199 100 i
9214 1001 9431 20; 9441 40 '
9543 40 9584 20 1 9637 20
9713 40 1 9862 500|
10048 500110209 20,10400 40
10401 20 1 10490 500,10507.*-. 100 <
10536 10010740 40|1075l 20 '
10840 100ill»28 100|11006 20
11020 40111044 40 11080 20
11237 20.11297 20,11435 40 j
11558 40 11565 40,11568 20 |
11756 100 t 120H1 40,12256 »|
12364 100|12378.... 12395 20 j
12438 20 12454 20,12665 40
12722." ' 20 12830 :...-;.". 20 12900 2);
12905 20J12H48. 40 13023 41) j
13119 40|13152 20 13250 40
13503 20i14006 100 14059 40 1
14081 40:14142 100,14340 20;
14420 20114497 20 14677 1000 |
14711 20 14821 20<14530 2)
14839 2014844 20 [14946 100
14981 20,14392 40,15006 20
15230 20,15345 40 15411 100]
15437 10" 1 5553 100|i5b95 20 !
16005 40,16087 100 16233 200 i
16260 20.16682 20 16741 20 i
MBBl 20 169 IS 20,16933 20 j
IG:*7l 2017069 40,17166 100 I
17310 100 17425 20,17539 100 j
17681 20117709 20 17712 40 !
17919 40 15044 4018152 200
15174 20 18256 20:15305 20 1
153% 2015656 100.18747 40 1
18962 100 19023 2'ij19102 200 j
19105 20i19222 20119367 40 1
IW4IB 20 19443 20 19645 20. |
19572 40 19916 40|19959 M
20033 20 21.069 40,20185 10
201'JS 40|20215 20 20253 100 |
20329 20:20436 20 20505 20
20880 100 20863 500 20988 10 j
21021 40121052 20121061 20 j
21071) 2(1,21250 40,212.'.2 100 :
21285 20121356 21357 40 ;
2164S 2021650 40j2166S 20
21682 20-21747 40:21842 100 I
22147 20 22209 100 22452 40 I
I 22436 100 : 22472 20,22530 2' 1 I
i 2256S 50022662 20 22748 40 j
22890 20 '22*30 40122383 40
22998 20 23038 100 23323 20 |
23500 20 23543 40123642 40 |
23650 4023665 23714 300
23717 100 23724 20 2400S 20 |
24078 20 24199 20 24260 40 j
24295 40 24369 40 24441 SO
24449 10024456 20 24494 40!
24529 &00 24994 40|25093 20!
25181 20:25262 200 25320 4.1 I
25432 20:25497 20 25755 40 !
I 25783 20 26046 40.26058 20 j
26176 20|26226 20 26320 20
26.-32 20J26755 20,26759 20
26795 40i26555 20 26971 20
,27035 40,27275 40 27439 20
27609 2027788 20 27981 40 :
25034 2025037 20 28039 40
25,272 JO 28361 20 283.84 20 I
28603 20J25564 20:28628 20 ',
2884« 2028882 40 28965 10-) \
: 29027 40 29030 40 290C0 40 j
29100 20 29331 20 23422 20
29447 20 29530 40!29786 40
29838 20 29854 20|29900 20 |
29957 40 29952.....'... 20]
30031 2030093 40 30135 40
30295 20 30316 20 30383 40
130477 20 30499 40,30510 20 |
30701 20 30796 100 30918 40
30922 40 31136 20 31153 40
31219 40.31268 40 31273 40 I
31310 20 31330 20131345 20
31417 20 31441 20 31656 20 1
31657 40131669 40 31748 200 I
31750 20181834 20 31864 20 ,
31899 40,32010 4022138 100 I
32159 20000 32217 40132260 20
32335 20132402 20J32429 40
32447 20:32580 20 32607 20
32645 20132670 100 32783.. 100
32793 20132504 100 329»)9 40;
'32363 2033151 20 33260 20
33322 40 33376 200 33428 20 j
33669 40 33705 100 33521 40
34050 10000 34057 40 34121 20
'M°24 ... 20 34587 20 34*36 20 I
I 34542 20134854 20;34598 20 1
I 84977 .... 20135020 20 35127 40 |
3.-.133 20 35521 20135730 20
85811 20133818 20135942 40
36062 20 38091 203 6253 20
36278 4036323 20 36374 500 I
36618 20136567 40 36705 20 j
36833 40 ! 37070 20137164 • 40
37207 201373U 40 37595 20
37712 1000 37561 ' 20J37911 20
88217 20 38405 20;3S. r .6G 20 '
88587 20 ! 3M-,32 40 38650 20
38684 .... 40J35691 200 35791 40 '
35P36 20138996 20139090 40 j
39J33 .... 20(30214 40 39265 40 i
3926$ .... 20139307 20 39327, 40
39383 20 39447 40 33504 20
39571 40135613 20 39706 20 1
39756 20139751 20 39782 1000
39995 201
40026 20 40048 40 40052 .20
40070 200140089 100 40289 20
40311 20 40339 40 40420 100
40553 20 40640 40 j 40686 20
40797 .... 20 40828 100 40832 20
40883 100140956 20 41000 40
41093 40141112 20142037........ 20
42111 2042214 40 42502 40 I
42fi07 20142663 40 42754 20 !
4°7S.'! ..... 40142907 20 43194 2!) I
43195 20143241 100 43271 4')
43|55 20,43601 20144038 100
44041 40 44167 20 44261 20
44412 20144443 40144579 40 !
44766 .... 100 ! 44564 40 44903 20
44939 40 44940 20 44952 20
4,-,105 40 45108 40146176 100
45231.. 40 ! 45249 20 45399., 40
45461 2045957 40145999 40
46172 20146219 20 46532 100
46r,56 .... 40146608 20 46856 20 !
46956 20146908 40 46984 20 i
47413 20147438........ 20 47492 20 !
47563 40 ! 47654 20 47751 40 |
47760 2047864 , 40 47907 40
47933 40147951 20 47989 20
45102 ' 40148151 200 48267 \. 40
48295 20148332 100 48337 40
45394 40 48437 40148590 20
45708 20148711 40 45885 20
48915 20 48938 40 49294 20
49307 20 49455 40 49502 20
49521 .... 40 49539 20 49616 20
49740 100149517 20 ! 49563 100
49890........ 20149972 20
50052 .... 20150281 100 50323 20
60448 40J50570 20150601 40
r,0f,45 40160874 20150878 100
50886 20 50959 40151020 100
51070 2051119 20151145 20
r,n74 .... 20 51192 100151233 20
51251 20 51380 50051416 100
51473 20151640 .' 2O!:,16S1 40
C 1748 ... 100 51992.. 40152133 40
50049 40152275 20152286 20
52321 20 52490... 20152496 100
52538 .... 20 52652 40152746 20
52831 40 62874 20152886 20
52958 .... 20153071 100153104 200 !
68187 20153296... 40153330 40
534fiS 20! 53596 '20153016 2')!
53665 .... 2053866 20|53555.. 40
54257 ... 100154304 100154305 200
54421 40154552 20154615 40 1
55204 ... 40155207 500155338 100 1
55617 .... 40155839.- 40155858 20 j
56034 40156083 100156196 20
56038 40156306 40156455 20
sfi4fB.. 20156519. 40156529 20
56556... 20'56.->!>3 40156728 40
56S0S 20156919 20150970 200 I
56994 40157010 20157049 20 1
57139 ■ 40157141 20157207 40
57412 100157441 20157456 20
57459 20157510 2057647. 40
57680 40157720 20157871 40
55141 100158169... 100158323. 20
58335 20158584 20158072 20
58756 40 58163 20158794 20
58SS2 20153078...:.... 200159145 .... 20
59185 .... 20 1 59204 -20159234 20
59258 40159373 20159474 20
59512 40159623........ 40159634.. 40 '
59677 100159750........ 20|59540 ...... 20
59966 .... 20159998... 20i
60116 100100210 40100244 20
80282 40160285 20160345 200
60400 206079.. .. 40161065..-. 20
61054..: 200161135 40161165 20
61227 20161264 61399 20
61502 20161523 40 61773. 40
61776 40161862 40 61929........ 20
62178 20162241........ 20162323. 20
62328 40 62334........ 20162416 200
62436... 40 62441........ 20162517 20
62.'35 4062650.. 1000162689 100
62811 4062912.... 100162950 40
62965 20 63023..'.;.... 20163107 20
LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize. I No. Prize. |No. Prize.
63189 20 63271 20 63308 100
63572 20163573 20168678 20
63856 20163956 20 63971... 20)
64117......... 64234 40)64824 20
65178 * 10065198 20 65310 20
65432 20165467 20 65769 20
65776 20 05529 40166039 40
66042.. 2066160 20 66341 40
66.-93 100 66628 20|66fi41 20
66646 20166657 40:66710 40
66761 40 66814 20166850 40
I 60930 40 63390 4.117210 ....... 20
I 67242 2067269 40(67280 20
1 67361 67442 KM 67520 40
67633 20167662 40 67810 40
I 67576 40:67926 20 67945 20
67 c '6o 20:67978........ 20167983 20
65036 20,68040 100;6S131 40
68388 20 68532...;.... 20 68661 100
I 68709 40165750 40!65962 2')
69308 20|69457 40169623 20
69728 40169890 100169592 20
70038... 20 70052 20|70159 20
70277 20 70127 40:70553 20
1 70560...-...;. 4970709 20)70859 60000
; 70891 20 71109 40 71172 20
71185 20 71279 200171526 '' '">
I 71C07 100171679 200171894 100
[71899 20 72075 40j7213» 40
72227 20172317 20172305........ 20
72559 40172642 20172754 20
• 73066 20 73217 2:i 73237 20
: 73307 40173556 201 73625 20
! 73290 20 74042 100174118 2t)
i 7420.-. 20174268 40174412 20
1 74453 40174602 20 7462') 20
! 74699 20 74994 20175018 40
7.-.059 20175132 4075242 20
"5340 20175358 40 75405 100
75665 20175654 40 75700 100
75901 40175395 20 76084....'.... 40.
76286 100176316 40176332 180
' 70423 20 76644 40176649 20
, 76723 40 76784 100 76004 40
77039 77264 20;77286 41)
: 77333 20 77358 77433 20
77465 40 77515 100177538 2'>
77547 20 77558 20 77688 100
I "7729 20:77867 20 77878 20!)
1 77905 4077916 100 78262 40
i 78650 100175792 20 78894 . 20
1 75991 4079023 20 79037 >.. 100
I 79085 4079187 10079263 20
79325 40 79368 40 79444 20
' 73545 200179562 40 79576 40
79591 40 79978 200
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 70809 to 70909 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
j drawing; capital prize of $60,000—
100 numbers from 32103 to 32203 inclusive, be-
j ing 50. numbers on each side of the number
: drawing- capital prize of $23,000—
i 100 numbers from 31000 to 34100 inclusive, be-
; ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000— $20.
<•
! TERMINAL PRIZES.
I 739 numbers ending with 59, being the last
1 two- figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $00,000— 520.
799 numbers ending with 53. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
; prize of $20,000—120.
m
No. 70559 draws first capital prize of $60,000,
sold In San Francisco, Cal., and New Orleans,
I La.
No. 32153 draws second capital prize of $20,000.
sold in Mexico City.
I No. 34050 draws third capital prize of $10,000,
I sold in St. Louis, Mo.
; Nos. 73R7, 14577. 37712, 39782 and 62630 draw each
; $1000, sold in San Luis Potosl, S. L. P.. Mexico
j City, San Antonio. Tex., Chicago, 111., St.
j Louis, Mo., and Chicago, 111.
The regular monthly drawing No. 126, with
! capital prize of $60,000, will take place on July
27. 1899.
Wholes, $4: halves, $2; quarters. $1; eighths,
, 50 cents; sixteenths. 25 cents. United States
j money. ANTONIO PEREZ,
For the Treasury Department.
i U. BASSETTI. Manager.
; APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
FIREWORKS
I FOR
HOME DISPLAY
1
; UnXld Case No. 2-SI.OO.
, ' 1 Dewey salute, 1 Surprise Box, 1 Cracker
, ■ Jack, 1 Columbia Bomb, 5 Packages Crackers,
1 1 Volcano, 1 Package Torpedoes, 1 Triangle
I ; Wheel. 1 Vesuvius, 2 Ruby Lights, 6 2-Ball
, - Candles, 3 3-Ball Candles, 3 4-Bal! Candles 1
I : No. 1 Star Mine, 1 No. 2 Star Mine. 1 Whistle
, I Bomb, 2 Yellow Jackets, 6 Large Pin Wheels,
. ' 1 Catherine W heel. 6 Blue Lights, 6 3-Inch Ser-
, ! pents, 1 Flower Pot, 1 Box Red Fire. 1 Can
, ; Pistol, 12 Boxes Caps, 30 Red Heads. 7 Pieces
, i Punk.
; UnX'd Case No. 3—82.00.
j 6 3-Ball Candles. 6 4-Ball Candles. 3 6-Ball
1 Candles, 3 8-Ball Candles. 6 Large Pin Wheels.
' 2 Whistle Bombs. 2 Catherine Wheels. 2 4-Inch
Flower Pots. 2 Red Torches, 1 Whistling Devil
6 Blue Lights, 2 Volcanoes, 1 Mount Vesuvius
. 1 No. 1 Star Mine, 1 No. 2 Star Mine, 1 No 3
! Star Mine. 1 Triangle- Wheel, 5 Packages
. Crackers, 2 Packages Extra Crackers, 1 Pack-
! age Pistol Crackers. 1 Package Colored Fire
, 1 Surprise Box, 40 Red Heads, 1 Reporting Red
, Light, 1 8-Inch Wheel. 20 Pieces Punk.
UnXld Case No. 4-83.00.
6 4-Ball Candles, 6 6-Ball Candles, 3 8-Ball
Candles, 3 10-Ball Candles, 1 Large Cracker
j Jack, 1 Mount Vesuvius, 1 No. 2 Star Mine 1
' No. 3 Star Mine, 1 No. 4 Star Mine, 6 Extra
Large Pin Wheels, 2 Catherine Wheels 3
I Whistling Bombs. 1 Whistling Devil 2 Large
Volcanoes, 1 8-Inch Vertical Wheel, 50 Red
! Heads, 2 Packages Pistol Crackers, 6 Blue
. Lights, 1 Japanese Acrobat, 1 Dewey Battery
i 3 Ruby Lights, 1 Surprise Box, 1 Triangle
j Wheel, 3 4-Inch Flower Pots. 1 6-Inch Flower
Pot, 1 Electric Flower. 2 Whistling Torches 5
Packages Extra No. 1. 5 Packages Shoo Fly
Crackers, 1 Box Torpedoes, 1 Can Red Fire
| 23 Pieces Punk. '
UnXld Case No. 4— 55.00.
Exhibition Assortment.
[ . 12 Colored Candles, Large, 6-Star: 6 Exhibi-
, i tlon Candles, 8-Star; 3 Exhibition Candles 10-
-, ; Star; 3 Colored Star Rockets, . 4 oz. : 4 Colored
'■ Star Rockets. 8 oz. : 1 Colored China Flyer
: Large: 1 Colored Vertical Wheel, 8-Inch: 1
Bengal Light. V.»-!b. : 1 Colored Triangle Wheel
V«-lb. ; 1 Colored Triangle Wheel, ! ' 2 -Ib. ; 1 Mine
j of Colored Stars, No. 4: 1 Mine of Colored
Stars. No. 5; 3 Colored Flower Pots, 6-Inch-
-1 Colored Rosette, Extra: 2 Colored Geysers'
Small; 2 %-lb. Cans Red Fire; 1 14-lb. Can
Green Fire: 1 \4-lb. Can White Fire; 1 %-lb
Can Blue Fire; 1 Electric Flower; 1 Jeweled
Jet: 1 Mount Vesuvius; 1 Japanese Acrobat;
1 Bundle Punk.
GOLD CHOP CRACKERS 2 pkgs. for 5c
SHOO FLY 3 pkgs. for 10c
EXTRA LOUD ..j. 5c per pke
i EXTRA. NO. 1 ....5c
i PISTOL CRACKERS 100
I RED HEADS 35c. 43c and 55c' per lOC
A Box o.f Fireworks Given Free With Boys' Suit-
s UNXLD STORES
BRIGDEN, TtTBNET t BATKIN, Fropristors, ,
616 to 62 Kearny St.. Cop. Commercial.
London Smoke
Glasses
Eye protectors for the summer season. They
can be had in any style or shape, including
those with the new clip — never slips, tilts or
wavers. Kodaks and photographic supplies.
DEVELOPING AND PRINTING.
Bausch & Lnmb-7«isn Stereo Field Glasses.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS< H J>*~i.
,.« a* WObl* SCIENTIFIC x
642 Market St. instruments
IMttN CKOniCV* BUHfl"«l.
1 . .
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS
FOR THE '
PRIMARY AND MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE PRIMARY AND
Municipal Elections Is now open at the
office of the Registrar of Voters, at the City
Hall, McAllister-street entrance. Registration
for the purposes of the Primary Election (to
be held on August 8. 1899) WILL CEASE JULY
I 22. 1899, and for the Municipal Election (to be
I held on November 7, 1599) will continue to and
Including October 12. 1899. when all registra-
tion will cease. All qualified electors who
were registered at the last General Election,
or who have registered since that time, AN!)
WHO WILL HAVE CONTINUED TO RESIDE
WITHIN THEIR RESPECTIVE ELECTION-
PRECINCTS, shall be entitled to vote at said
elections without other or additional registra-
tion. ALL OTHER PERSONS claiming to b«
entitled to vote at any of the aforesaid elec- \
tions must be registered upon the Register of
the City and County as an elector of and
within the election precinct wherein he claims
to be entitled to vote. Office open from 9 a. m,
to 6 p. m.
By order . of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners. --'■■■'
J. STEPPACHER. Registrar of Voter*.
IA/. X. HESS,
JTOtABT FOBLIO AND ATTORNIT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1016, Claus SpreckeU Bide
' Telephone Brown 911. .
Residence. 821 California at., below FowaAL
Ban FraocUco* __. ; .„
34
SJ^'Tm Jp ill
* . — ~-
MONDAY JUNE 26, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market: and Third St*.. S. F
Telephone Main 3868. ,
: DITORIAL ROOMS ...:.. 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1F74.
DELIVERED BY CAnT'.IF.RS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Blngrle' Copies. B cents.
Terms by Mi.l!. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Includir-R Sunday Call), one year fO.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 month» 8.00
DAILY CALL { Including Sunday Call). S months 1.00
DAILY CALL— Slnple Month •. 05 °
SUNDAY CALL One War 1 "'M?
WEEKLY CALL One Tear 1 -°°
All postmasters are authored to receive pubscrlptiona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested,
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advcrtinind, Marquetto Building.
Chicago.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. Nevis Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKtiNS JR 29 Tribune Bulldinft
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Wald^rf-AM r Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON.' Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Cloy,
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Adventure of Lady Ursula."
Orfheum Vaudeville.
Alcazar- — "Frederick the Great."
Grand Opera House— "The Lily of Killarney."
Tivoll — "Orpheus and Eurydice."
Chutes, 7joo and Free — Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia — Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth—
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Cake. Walkers. Saturday. July 15.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Walking & Co.— Monday, June 26, at 11 o'clock,
Horses, at 116 Golden Gate avenue.
By Chase & Mendenhall— June 27, at 11 o'clock.
Carriages. Robes and Harness, at 20 McAllister street.
■— 4mAott&Xvm£&L>
STILL AT HIGH-WATER MARK
AGAIN Europe needs our gold, and again we
have got it tor her. Last week $4,000,000 was
withdrawn for export at New York, and it is
said to be for loaning purposes. Exchange and trade
balances indicate this, as tfie United States is not
obliged to export gold at the moment to satisfy com
mercial obligations abroad. So the financiers natur
ally infer that the outflow is in the shape of borrowed
money, especially as political conditions in Europe
just now are such that ready money is needed. Wall
street operators, however, seem to take the opposite
View and to consider it merely the forerunner of larger
gold experts from now on. Their ground is that with
diminishing exports of merchandise, as compared
with imports, the balance of trade is gradually shaping
against this country, which, of course, means ship- i
ments of gold to Europe sooner or later. There
seems to be no basis for the supposition that large re
turns of American securities by Europe are causing
gold export, for the quantity of returned securi
t'cs during the past three or four months has been
small and growing smaller. Again, the New York
money market is <\u'\ct and easy, while the London
and Berlin markets are strong, with a demand for
funds. So the commercial theorists seem to have the
best of the argument.
The trade balance shows 19 per cent less exports
than last year and 26 per cent larger imports, but an
increasing excess of exports is promised for June.
The Government revenues are less than $100,000,000
behind the expenditures for the fiscal year, notwith
standing the large payments for the Philippines,
Cuban soldiers and the greatly increased army and
navy expenses. This showing is considered satisfac
tory. The commerce of the country continues to lead
1898. the bank clearings for the past week being 40.2!
per cent larger than during the same week last year,
and out of twenty large cities only one — Omaha —
shows a loss, and that only 4.7 per cent. The failures
for the week amounted to 178, against 285 for the
same week in 1898. As long as the clearings and fail
ures keep up this fine exhibit the country is all right.
The leading staples are in better position as a rule
than they have been. Iron, of course, is active and
Stiff — that goes without saying. In fact, the usual
summer shut-down in the iron and allied trades will
be ignored this year. Prices for Everything in the way j
of iron have advanced this year, and apparently the
end is not yet. The iron trade never saw such times :
before. The woolen industry is also reported active, j
the manufactured product being in brisk request at ;
all leading centers, while the call for wool has been so i
sharp that supplies are being materially reduced and !
prices are rising all along the line. San Francisco j
dealers calculate that at the present rate of demand
the local market will be cleaned up of wool by the Ist !
of August. Cotton has declined somewhat, owing to
improved crop prospects, though the general market |
if reported in a strong position. Wheat has continued
unsettled, the bad outlook in Southeastern Europe
and a fine foreign demand being offset by ample
American supplies and improved prospects for spring
wheat. Raw sugar is weaker under reports of im
proving prospects, but refined is in heavy domestic i
demand and firm.
Here in California there have been no important j
changes in trade conditions during the past week.
1 he export trade of the coast is fine and freight rates
by sea have ruled firm of late in consequence. Farm i
products have been in quick demand as a rule, owing ;
to Government orders and the call for the northern j
coast of Alaska, which is reported remarkably lively !
this year. This latter demand for fruit and'other farm I
produce has been a godsend to the California farmer
this summer. The canners continue to scour the
country for fruit, and quotations are still higher, while i
the East is taking all the fruit we can send there. This !
is the finest fruit year California has seen for a long j
time.
General merchandise is active and the merchants in j
&]] lines report a brisk movement. The general ten
dency in prices is upward, which explains the in- i
creased cost of living noticed by all housekeepers, i
Harvest wages have advanced from 50 to 100 per cent \
over last year, and there is a demand for men all over |
the State. This improvement in labor conditions is
having its beneficial effect on trade, which was rarely I
better than it is to-day. |
THE CORKSCREW LINE.
THE CALL from the beginning of the contro
versy with the. Market-street Railway Com
pany has endeavored to find and to support a
method of supplying increased railway facilities to
the property owners and the business men in the
northeastern quarter of San Francisco. Much of the
Market-street monopoly scheme has been necessarily
abandoned because the votes essential to its original
adoption could not be obtained. But one part of the
scheme is now being pressed under cover of the rea
sonable and just corkscreWkCxtension, which* is an
unnecessary abandonment of public rights and inter
ests, and open to every objection that has been gen
erally approved.
It was insisted by The Call, which merely expressed
sound public opinion in an intelligible way, that un
less indispensable no new franchise whatever should
be granted to the Market-street consolidation until the
new charter became operative. The plan was to spread
a network of new franchises and privileges over the
north end of San Francisco that would destroy all
possible competition and enable the Market-street
Railway Company to hold the streets in a vise. This
was manifestly unnecessary for the sole purpose to
which the present application has been restricted.
With the trolley reluctantly tolerated upon the Post
street system and its connections, with the new fran
chise for a single block on Taylor street, and, as was
ultimately concluded, the projecting of the Sansome
street track northward to the bay, complete and rapid
communication between the northeast and the south
west quarters of the city, with all necessary accom
panying and connecting facilities, would be estab
lished. When, however, under cover of disused fran
chises on Geary street, it was intended to employ the
trolley on that street from Taylor street to Grant
avenue, a new franchise was proposed on Grant ave
nue from Geary to Bush street, and thence down
Bu^h street to Sansome street, that was certainly un
necessary for legitimate accommodation and would
have had the effect of riveting the Market-street mo
nopoly on a most important and growing business
portion of San Francisco.
It is now designed, and we regret to say with the
apparent approbation of Mayor Phelan, who. on this
as on the gas question, has abandoned his originally
upright position, simply to drop one block of this
extensive and valuable franchise and place the point
cf its commencement at Post street instead of Geary
street. Thus, on the street-railway question as on
the gas question, compromise, as understood by Mr.
Phelan, is a practical surrender of public rights and in
terests in important particulars. A new franchise from
Post to Bush street, on Grant avenue and thence down
Bush street to Sansome street, is a very important
withdrawal of the little franchise capital there is left
to the municipality and a positive and unnecessary
donation to the Market-street Railway Company, the
effect and intention of which are to make that monop
oly virtually invulnerable.
Whatever inducement may have been insidiously
offered, however weakly Mr. Phelan may recede from
positions that in the first instance were probably un
necessarily vigorous. The Call does not propose to
abandon the protection of the public interests, nor,
under the specious pretext of meeting a righteous
demand, to consent to a steal that is as bad in prin
ciple, though less in extent, than the robbery first
projected.
The Call hopes that the Supervisors may stand by
their colors.
THE BOURBON DEMOCRACY.
"T^HE. platform adopted by the heterogeneous
Democracy of Kentucky reads like a catalogue
of relics unearthed from the age of stone. Its
inspissated Bourbonism is its only- characteristic fea
ture. It reaffirms the Chicago platform of 1896
"without the slightest qualification." This alone would
be an evidence of retrogressive stability that no phys
ical, moral or intellectual convulsion could shake.
But its subsequent resurrections and its unconsciously
ludicrous efforts to infuse the breath of life into the
decayed skeletons of dead issues exceed all possible
anticipation. Its language reads like oracular petri
f cation and is colder and more incapable of mastica
tion than of the embalmed speeches of W. J. Bryan.
"Our faith in bimetallism is vindicated by events."
The vindication consists of the fact that every leading
nation in the world has refused to co-operate with the
United States in overturning the Baconian system of
logic by the establishment of a double monetary
standard. Therefore, we are instructed by the inspired
Bourbonists of a State where all whisky is good but
some better than others, that '''relief can only come by
the independent action of the United States," which
means the instantaneous adoption of a silver stand
ard and the scaling of all wages and of all debts by the
exact difference between the bullion value of silver
and the Chicago platform ratio of 16 to 1.
After a long imaginary interval in the celebrated
impersonation by the actor, Jefferson, everybody is
astonished to find that Rip Van Winkle has come to
life, while the bones of his ancient dog have been
actually pelted into fragments by the torrents of years.
The Kentucky Democracy has accomplished a greater
feat of resuscitation in its free silver plank, which
even their immutable leader has only casually re
ferred to of late in tones of blended reverence and
stoicism.
Bat Kntucky voices many other political entangle
ments. It measurably justifies the war with Spain
but damns the expense and charges it to the admin
istration. It has also discovered some mysterious
connection between trusts, against the worst forms of
which the Republican party has not only declared
but legislated, and the demonetization of silver, which
was supposed to have been abandoned as a party
slogan long before the unprocreative fusions of 1896
and 1898. It has poured trusts, protection and cheap
silver into a witch's caldron and concocted a mixture
for which no descriptive name will ever be invented
; and which would turn the stomach of the last sur
vivor of the dreg-swallowers of Bascom's grocery.
The indorsement of William J. Bryan for the Presi
dency necessarily follows. The premises and the con
j elusion are as closely related as the apostolic exposure
of the two domesticated quadrupeds that so promptly
j returned — the one to its vomit and the other to its
1 wallowing in the mire.
The Call accepts the blast from Kentucky with com
; plete equanimity and only regrets that the indorse
| rnent of the repudiated fusionists of 1896 was not in
I some manner fastened upon our State and muncipal
I fusionists of 1898. That, however, will come in due
I time. Republicans can possess their souls in patience
I and they will soon hear the fusion disharmonies, ac
companie4 by the railroad whistle.
SCANDALOUS APPOINTMENTS.
WHETHER the charges against the newly
elected principal of the San Jose Normal
School be true or false, another scandal has
gathered around the appointments of Governor Gage,
for of course the Governor is responsible for the
action taken by the Trustees appointed by him to
manage the affairs of the school, evidently not in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 26, 1899.
interests of the institution, but. for political purposes.
From the day when he entered upon his office and
threw aside the mask he had worn during the cam
paign before the people, Gage has been not only an
open but a shameless supporter of the worst prac
tices of politics. Almost every appointment he has
j made has been either a scandal in itself or the cause of
one. When he has not appointed embezzlers to posi
i tions of public trust he has appointed persons hardly
i more worthy. His one object appears to be to advance
the Burns push and the railroad gang.
The appointments by which the welfare of so im- ]
portant an institution as the State Normal School at
San Jose has been subordinated to machine politics
constitute one of the grossest outrages upon our edu
cational system that could be possibly perpetrated. !
• That it has resulted in an immediate scandal is per- j
I haps not altogether to be deplored, since the charges
made against the new principal serve to direct public
attention to the manner in which the Gage Trustees
have entered upon their work of using the school for
i political purposes.
From what the Governor has done with regard to ;
the Normal School, it is evident that no institution i
of the State is considered by him to be an unfit place
for the display of his political favoritism and his devo- \
tion to the Burns machine. It is fortunate, therefore, \
that comparatively few vacancies have occurred in I
I the Board of Regents of the State University for him
;to fill. He would have used the university as he has ;
j used the San Jose Normal School. The new presi- j
dent of the institution would have been the choice of I
Burns politicians and his selection a new scandal to j
blacken the reputation of the State and seriously |
injure the university itself.
Gage has taken care of his friends. All the member';
of his Los Angeles law office, from his partner to the
janitor, have been provided with "soft snaps" and
I good salaries at the expense of the taxpayers. He has
i taken care of the Burns push and of the railroad. To
; their demands he has sacrificed everything. Not only
| the offices which have been long regarded as the
i spoils of politics have been placed at the disposal of
I the machine, but, as is now seen, the great educa
tional institutions of the State have also been sub
! initted to it as a part of the plunder.
It has been the desire of the people of California
that the public educational system from the primary
schools to the university should be kept free from
the manipulation of machine politicians. Gage has
wantonly and defiantly affronted that sentiment. The
scandalous jobbery that well nigh wrecked the San
Jose High School has hardly passed from the public
mind, and now Gage turns over to the same gang that
made that high school a part of the spoils of politics
the control of the State Normal School. There is no
telling to what extent Gage may yet go in his sub
} servience to Burns, the railroad and the political ma
chine which they manage; and it is therefore by no
means to be regretted that an open scandal has oc
curred to call public attention to his unscrupulous and
shameless course.
PHELAN'S GAS RESOLUTION.
OXCE more the public has been given a striking
and costly proof of the frail support on which
Mayor Phelan has built up his pretensions to
be a careful and faithful guardian of public interests.
The resolution fixing gas rates at $i io per thousand
feet has been weighed in the courts and found to be
so carelessly drawn up as to be utterly worthless and
invalid.
In the suit of the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company vs. William B. Hooper, in which the valid
ity of the ordinance was involved. Judge Seawell dis
missed the issue with something like contempt. Under
the act of March 4. 1878, the municipal authorities are
authorized and required to fix the standard quality
and illuminating power of the gas to be furnished,
and tlio rate and price for each 1000 cubic feet to be
charged therefor, "by any person, company or cor
poration." The Phelan resolution, introduced and
submitted to the Board of Supervisors by his counsel
and direction, regulated the quality and fixed the price
of gas to be furnished the city "by any company or
corporation." The word "person" included in the
statute was omitted from the ordinance, and there- !
fore the ordinance is not uniform in its operation, i
and is consequently invalid.
Upon this showing of a clear and plain breach of j
the law. the Judge did not deem it worth his while
to consider any other of the issues raised in the case, j
After pointing out the defect of the ordinance he j
said: "I make no further comment upon this de
parture from the plain requirements of the statute
than to suggest to the board the propriety in its future '
resolutions of following the letter as well as the spirit
of the statute."
A blunder of such a nature cannot be defended upon
any ground and can be explained only upon the sup- '
position that the Mayor "hefted" the statute instead of
reading it; and drew his conclusions of what it re- i
quired from the way it felt, rather than from what it '
said. This is the second notable instance where the ;
city has had to suffer because of the careless manner
in which the Mayor attends to his official duties.
From first to last the proceedings of Mayor Phelan j
with respect to the issue between the city and the
gas company have been a series of contradictions and
absurdities. Early in March the Gas and Electric
Company declared its willingness to accept a rate of
Si 50 as a fair price for gas, but the Mayor was then
posing as a reformer of the most radical school, so
he set himself against such an agreement and brought
about the introduction of the resolution fixing the rate
at $1 10. He then declared that ordinance to be valid
and was loud in urging the people to refuse to pay
higher rates. Later on he saw a new light from some
source, and a short time ago gave his sanction to
another resolution fixing the rate at $1 50, thus mak
ing a complete surrender to the company and expos
ing the weakness of his pretensions as a "defender of
the public welfare."
The issue now gees over for another year. The
gentlemen who made the fight in the courts to uphold i
the $1 10 ordinance have lost their money, but possi
bly they are wiser as well as sadder men, and have
profited something from the experience.
The British aristocracy is fairly drinking in Ameri
canism these days. At the fashionable Albert Doll
Bazaar in London an American bar was the star at
traction. The Duke of Manchester, Lord Henry
Somerset and other titled swells acted as bartenders
and mixed a thousand American cocktails for their
fair patrons.
Judge Redwine is said to be responsible for the wild
confusion and parliamentary demoralization which
have overcome the delegates to the Kentucky Demo
cratic Sate Convention. Perhaps if the gentlemen
had been true to their friend John Barleycorn they
would have retained their senses.
A peculiar and particularly pathetic form of insan
ity has manifested itself in a war veteran and pen
sioner of Wooster, Ohio. He has asked the Govern
ment to reduce his pension.
Friends of Rear Admiral Kautz are relieved by the
news from Washington that he will not be relieved.
THE MINING FIELD
AND THE EXPOSITION
The general prospects of the mining fea-
I ture of California's exhibit at the Paris
Exposition next year were described on
Saturday by B. XV. .Runyon, president of
the California commission, who recently
returned from a visit of Inquiry to the
East. It is now certain that the Ideas
concerning a large and striking display of
California's mineral resources and indus
try which have from the start filled
the minds of the enterprising mining men
concerned with the general welfare of the
industry, must be greatly circumscribed,
i Owing to the comparatively small amount
!of space obtainable the display must be
small and the efforts of those Interested
in Its success must be directed to making
|it varied, rich and attractive and to the
effective advertising of the California
mining field in connection with the dis
play.
Mr. Runyon learned that the whole Cal
ifornia exhibit cannot be bunched in one
I place. According to the will of the ex
| position authorities in Paris the United
States' exhibits must be shown, according
jto prescribed classification, in special
! buildings or departments devoted to this
i and that industry or interest. California's
■ display must be divided up accordingly
and occupy the space in each United
; States collection awarded by Commis
i sioner Peck and his department chiefs.
Mr. Peck appears to have appreciated the
importance of the mining industry in this
country, which produces nearly ?500,000,000
worth of mineral products yearly, and he
i has mn do special efforts to secure as large
I an amount of space for it as possible. The
United States exhibit will !"■ placed to
| frether in the big Mining building. Pre
liminary diagrams secured by Mr. Runyon
show that the United States has been
given an area of unstated dimensions,
Modern Gold-Dredger Recently
Started on Feather River.
This shows the outward appear
ance of one of the big $35,000 gold
dredgers of the modern New Zea
land type, now multiplying in
California. It is the one lately In
stalled by the Kia Ora Gold-Dredg
ing Company in a tract of orchard
and pasture, nearly three-quarters
of a mile from the Feather River
below Oroville. The surface is
about eleven feet above the water
level. It was set up in an excava
; nearly square, in one of the large central
i aisles of the Mining building- Japan at
one end and Portugal at the other have )
I each about one-tenth as much space. Cal- ;
1 ifornia will get whatever share of this ;
Bpace is awarded t<> it by P. J. N. Skiff of ■■
Chicago, who is in charge of the mining,
feature of the American exhibit. How
many square feet of floor area it will have ;
la not yet known. A portion of the whole
Bpace will be divided anrnnß States pro- |
: viding special exhibits, and as California
has made the largest State appropriation
and has the greatest mining record and j
greatest variety of mineral resources it
will douhtlesß get more room than any
other State. Then it may contribute a
good deal to the general make-up of the
American display.
"I saw Mr. Skiff at Chicago and got
■ some general ideas on the mining exhib-
I it," said Mr. Kunyon. "He said that j
among other things he wanted California ,
j to send petroleum, borax, asphaltum.
! onyx, rich cold ores and gems. There
| would be no room for showing actual mm- ;
Ing machinery in operation, but small i
working models might be shown. He at
once agreed to accept a working model
i of a California quartz mill, which will
be supplied with a ton or two of ore and
! show the actual operation in progress. !
The California exhibits will be delivered
at Chicago, where the responsibility will
be assumed by them. The running exhibit j
- must be small, but we want to make a
I striking showing. Pictures, topographical
i and other maps and descriptive literature |
| should be sent. Some could be displayed
■ and the rest constitute a supply for distrt
-1 bution. Mr. Skiff agreed that California !
'■ could send a special representative to at- j
i tend its mining display, answering ques- i
tions, etc., and that he would appoint
him an honorary mineralogist on. his own
staff. Each mineral specimen may bear
i the name of the individual contributor,
! the mine, etc. A special representative
of Mr. Skiff's department will be out here
soon and then more will be known."
On Saturday Mr. Runyon wrote Mr.
Skiff in part as follows:
"Since my return to California we have
; earnestly taken up the work of making j
i up the' different exhibits, in which we
I would like mining to be one of the prin
cipal features. I have the memorandum
you gave me regarding the different spec
imens we would like exhibited from Cali
fornia, and within a day of two will see
I one of our manufacturers in reference to
making a complete quartz mill, which we i
would like to exhibit in action. I am not ]
positive that we will be able to make this
exhibit, but will advise you in a few days.
We can, however, give you a very choice
exhibit of ores from our chief mines.
"Can you give me any definite informa
tion as to how much space we will have
in your department? When the amount is
allotted to us we can work much more
intelligently, as you know."
The exposition appropriation bill as
agreed to in legislative committee pro
vided $120,000, and of this the committee
estimated $15,000 for the mining industry.
A strong committee of- the California
Miners.' Association went to Sacramento
and succeeded in raising the appropria
tion to $130,000, with the tacit understand
i ing with the legislators and the Gover
! noi that the raise was for the miners, and
; that $35,000 should be devoted to adver
i tising this great and booming California
I industry. The disposition of the fund is
largely left with the Commissioners alone.
Mr. Runyon says that the amount to be
spent for the mining display and its at
tendant advertising features has not been
decided on. Since the appointment of thi
commission the exposition committee of
the Miners' Association has not yet taken
any steps in the matter. There is a wido
field for effective effort in getting all the
| advertising possible out of the small but
I fine and comparatively prominent exhibit
I and the Paris Exposition provides the
! greatest opportunity in sight for letting
I the mining investors of the world know
what a rich and virgin field for mining
capital California affords.
A number of the mining machinery and
supplies men of Los Angeles and some
others have issued a call for a meeting In
Los Angeles on July 13. when it is pro
posed to form a miners' association for
Southern California. This will be inde
| pendent or and opposed to the promising
■ Southern California branch of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association, organized a
few weeks ago. The circular of invita
tion says in part:
"The object and duties of the associa
tion, when formed, will, in part.be to make
better known the advantages that our
mining districts offer as a field for profit
able investments; also to co-operate to
ward the enactment of such laws as will
protect our mineral lands, and protect the
miner in the ursuit of his occupation
and such other purposes as shall promote
the best interests of the mining industry
of Southern California."
The success of such an investment will
be regretted by many friends of the indus
try, as it would divide and weaken rather
than combine and strengthen the influence
of the miners of the State in securing
legislation and otherwise fostering the in
dustry.
Crude oil has gone up in price and at
i Los Angeles sold last week at from M
: cents to $1 05. The rise in the cost of cas
i ing has checked drilling and checked the
I supply. The strong gushers recently
struck at Fullerton have subsided. The
Loftus-Graham well has fallen from 000
to 200 barrels a day and the big gusher
struck by the Santa Fe Company wIU
have to be pumped.
j Coalinga, in Fresno County, is becoming
! the banner field. The San Joaquin alley
1 oil craze increases. Many new com
i panics are constantly forming and much
! new prospecting work is being started in
i Kern, Tulare. Kings and Fresno counties
especially. San Francisco capitalists are
taking hold of the new fields. The Krey
enhagen field, twenty-five miles south or
Coalinga, has developed oil at 050 feot in
the 800 acres of the Kreyenhagen Oil Cnm
-1 pany. One stratum of oil sand is reported
to be 300 feet thick. A fine quality of
: kerosene has been distilled from this oil
'■ experimentally. The Panoche oil district
in Fresno and the McKlttrick and Elwood
districts, in Kern County, are attracting
1 much attention.
A Placerville dispatch to The Call says:
General Juan C. Alvarado of London is
visiting the Darling mine near George
town to inspect the property. Gen
eral'Alvarado is at the head of an Eng
lish syndicate that recently purchased
the Darling Mine. The mine was a rich
producer in the early higtory of quartz
mining in this State and was worked to
a depth of 200 feet. The mine has been
un watered, and the new owners propose
to continue sinking until a depth of 500
feet has been reached.
XV. C. Ralston, vice president of the
California Miners' Association, who has
returned from an Eastern trip in connec-
tion and 250,000 gallons of water is
pumped daily from the river to
keep up the artificial lake and
operate the machine. The mass
ive machinery and the big movable
girder carrying the endless chain of
steel buckets directed against the
bank and bottom are not shown.
Hundreds of acres of this groand
will be worked thirty feet to bed
rock at a cost of abc-ut 3 cents per
cubic yard.
tion with the Melonc3 mine, was told in
New York by President Douglass ami !
I Secretary Rosslter Raymond of the
j American Institute of Mining Engineers
; that over 200 members of the institute j
: would doubtless attend the annual meet- !
| inp in San Francisco in September. The
: total number of visitors will probably
reach a thousand, and among them will
be several prominent foreign mining
engineers.
One of the interesting old mines being
resuscitated la the Valley View copper
mine in Placer County, better known as
the "Whiskey Digging" mine. In past
years three quartz mills have been erect
ed at the mine and removed. A San Fran
■ Isco company is now developing the
property for copper and gold, with good
prospects. According to reliable state
ments this property and adjoining ledges
contain a greater variety of minerals
than perhaps any other one locality
known. Australia has one similar de
posit. Besides gold, silver, copper, zinc
and other ores there are many other in
teresting minerals, Including- molybdenum
and tourmaline.
Agents of the mines in trouble witli
s-trikers at Wallace and "Wardner. Idaho,
have been trying with small success Jo
get California miners to take the place
of the strikers. Special efforts have been
made along the mother lode and at Iron
Mountain to secure men, but California
provides plenty of work for any compe
tent miner now and the job offered j:ad
no attractions anyway.
The American River, near Folsom. is
to have another gnld dredge. Boston men
have secured 100 acres and are prospecting
other properties. They will put in the
biggest and best dredge obtainable and
more are contemplated.
A Boston syndicate represented by C.
D. Galvin has bonded for development
nine copper and gold claims on Squaw
Creek, six miles from Kennet, Shasta
County. Much money will be spent in
the development operations. Many other
similar operations are in progress through
that promising region.
A $3000 pocket gave local fame to the
O'Hara claim at Browns Flat, Tuolumne
County, last week. One chunk of gold
weighed two pounds.
The Pennsylvania mine of Grass Val
ley, as a result of a new 10-stamp mill and
good ore. has declared Its thirtieth month
ly dividend of $10,300, or 20 cents per
share, four times the amount that has
been declared regularly. The stockhold
ers paid $55.000 In assessments before div
idends arrived, and the last dividend
made the cash returns to date equal the
assessments. Now they have a grood mine
and a good Income. That Is what Califor
nia mines can do when money is invested
wisely.
A number of copper properties have
been sold or bonded during the week
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Among yesterday's naval arrivals at the
Occidental was E. P. Jessop.
H. E. Kennedy is registered at the Pal
ace from Washington, D. C.
Henry Bently, a wealthy business man
of Chicago, is at the California.
Frank W. Grlffen. the Oroville mining
man. is a guest at the California.
M. E. Clowe, a wealthy grain man of
Yolo County, is staying at the Lick
J. E Harper, a wealthy merchant of
Reno. Nev., is registered at the Grand.
N. Tslmbalenco, a traveler from Odessa
is among the late arrivals at the Palace'
♦L- J F '! lk r th and C " A - Stonecipher
two Modesto lawyers, are staying at the
E. W. Deitz of India and B. Morgan of
clental P ° re "* &vests at tne Occi-
Baron Bismarck and Baron yon Heyl
have returned to the city and are at the
Palace.
Admiral Kautz is registered at the Occi
dental, as js also W. H. Moreland. Bishop
of Sacramento.
John M. Striling, a merchant of Santa
Rosa, and D. Levy, a business man of
Williams, are both guests at the Grand.
Waldo S. Johnson and Arthur R Red
dington, two young business men of
Marysville, are registered at the Grand
H. P. Judd and R. C. Lydecker, two
Yale students, arrived on the overland
last night on a vacation to the coast
They went to the Occidental.
Congressman Payne and party left last
night for Alaska via Portland and Seat
tle. They spent their last day In the city
visiting the park and Inspecting our forti
fications. The gentlemen expressed them
selves as charmed with San Francisco
and all pertaining thereto, and deeply re- ■
gretted that the time they had set apart
for vacation would not permit them to
make a thorough tour of the entire State.
Charles S. Hamlin. formerly assistant
Secretary of the Treasury under Presi
dent Cleveland, is at the Palace. Mr.
Hamlin, who is accompanied by his wife.
is on the coast merely for purposes of rest
and pleasure.
Dr. R. Vasivinckel, Hans Lippigen and
De "Wieke. a party of wealthy Ger
mans, arrived at the Palace last evening.
They came in on the Rio and are making
a tour of the world.
J. G. Anderson and wife, Mrs. H. A.
Campbell. H. N. Schmidt and Mr. and
Mrs. George H. Paris constitute a party
of travelers who arrived on the "Rio"
yesterday and are staying at the Occi
dental.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 25.— M. Cohen of Los
Angeles is at the Broadway Central. A.
H. Crocker and M. Morcus of San Fran
cisco are at the Vondnme.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Japan has placed orders in Europe for
cne third-class cruiser, two torpedo-gun
boats, one reserve torpe-do-boat. eleven
torpedo-boats of the first class and six
teen smaller torpedo-boats.
The British cruiser Seylla. while nt gun
practice In the Mediterranean. 3teamed at
12 knots and fired 70 rounds at a target
1600 yards distant, scoring 5*5 hits, or 80
per cent.
The battleship C. building at Wll
helmshafew, although of the same gen
eral type as the Kaiser Frederick Til and
the Koenig "Willielm. Is to have engines
of 15,000 horsepower and a speed of 19
knots, against 13,000 horsepower and 18
knots of the other ships.
The British battleship Hannibal. 14.0W
tons,- which has only been in commission
about six months, recently made a long
distance run at sea. during which she av
eraged 16.5 knots. Her trial speed under
forced draught was 17.5 knots, and her
performance under service conditions ex
ceed the expectations by over one knot.
Krupp. by a new system of hardening
armor plates, gives a neater thickness
of hnrdness and a harder surface to the
plates. Thp improvement is effected by
adding 25 per cent more nickel than for
merly. The cost per ton is thereby in
creased to about ?400 per tnn. but this in
creased cost, it is believed, will be offset
by the less quantity that may be required
on account of the improved quality of
the armor.
With the completion of the Amphitrite
the British navy counts seven cruisers
of one type of 11.000 tons. 16.500 horse
power and 20.5 knot speed. The Amphi
trite made her eight-hour full power trial
last month with good results, developing
18,229 horsepower and averaging 20.78
knots, the coal consumption being only
1.57 pounds per horsepower per hour. Un
der one-fifth power the horse
power was 3600 and the speed
13.32 knots, with a coal consump
tion of L.54 pounds. In the meas
ured mile trial the horsepower was 13.695.
speed ir»."3 knots, with 112 revolutions, and
the coal expended was only 1.43 pounds
per horsepower. Other ships of . the
same type gave the following re
sults: Europa, L 94; Andromeda, 1.74;
Adriadne, 1.73; Diadem, 1.61; Ar
gonaut, 1.60, and the Niohe, LS6
pounds. All these ships are fitted with
! Belleville water-tube boilers, but various
I improvements have been experimented
; with in successive trials with most satis
' factory results in the Amphitrite.
Startling disclosures of the inefficient
state of the Italian navy have recently)
| been made in an official report by a board
I of examiners to the Minister of Marine.
j The navy list bears the names of twelvfc
: battleships and nine armored cruisers, the
I oldest built in 1864 and four launched in
| 1597 but still uncompleted. Of the battle
ships the Affondatore. Duilio •and ijepttttta
! are only fit for coast guards, and the
; Italia may be utilized as a floating bat
! tery. Five armored cruisers are also
] condemned for sea service and good for
! coast guard, and include the Ancona,
Castelfigardo. Marco Polo. Maria Pia
and San Martino. Of the fifty-two un
j armored vessels, classed as cruisers and
I torpedo-gunboats, five of the fourth class
| and all nine of the fifth are only fit for
transports or as coasting cruisers. The
ships of the sixth class and the two of
the seventh class are absolutely useless.
| The five torpedo boats of the first class,
! namely the Aguila. Sparviero. Nlblo, Av
| voltolo and Falco. built in 1888, cannot be
1 used in active service except with ex
| treme prudence, and of the 153 smaller tor
pedo boats only SO are in good condition,
I and they are eleven years old. These also
j could only be used in coast defense, and a
f.\v destroyers would play havoc with
this fleet. In case of -war only three "of
the large ships building could be mad<
j ready, and the rest of the armored and
j cruiser fleet not absolutely condemned for
further sea service would be found to re
quire many defects to be made good be
fore they could cope with any hope of
success against a foreign fleet.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'*.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"The way to sleep." says the scientist,
"is to think of nothing." But this is a
mistake. The way to sleep is to think
it is time to get up.
EXCURSION TO
$81 — Detroit, Mich., and Return — $81
Leave San Francisco S a. m., June 29, the
Burlington Route will run an excursion to
Detroit In charge of a special manager. Up
holstered tourtst sleeping cars used on this
occasion. Route via Salt Lake and Denver,
passing Colorado scenery by daylight. Arrtv*
Detroit 6 p. m. July 8. Berths reserved, etc.,
at S2 Montgomery street, San Francisco, or
972 Broadway, Oakland.
Official Route Christian Endeavor
Excursion to Detroit.
Leave San Francisco 6 d. m., June 19. via
Central Pacific, Union Pacific. Chicago and
Northwestern and Wabash Railways, one day
spent at both Denver and Omaha Exposition.
Round trip rate to Detroit. $81. For reserva
tions and further information address George
P. Lowell. Transportation Manager California
Christian Endeavor, 1626 Eighth aye.. East
Oakland, Cal.
Low Rates to Detroit, Michigan, for
Christian Endeavor Convention.
The SANTA FE ROUTE will make rate of
$81 for the round trip. Tickets on sale June
29th. For full particulars call at ticket office.
628 Market street, this city, or 1118 Broadway.
Oakland.
Reduced Rate to Detroit and Return
Over Northern Pacific Railway.
The C. E. convention will be held In Detroit
this year, commencing July 5. The Northern
Pacific will be official route, as ft was in 1897.
when the convention was held In San Frtr'vo
Over 10.000 people returned East ove th»
Northern Pacific, and they were lnud in their
praises over the many beauties seen along he
line. You will have a nice. cool, pleasant
Journey, enjoying the most luxurious of accom
modations. Stopover allowed at the wonderful
Yellowstone Park. Send 6c in sramps for il
lustrated book to T. K. Stateler, General
Agent. 63S Market st.. San Fran lsco.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothintr Svnin"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children whilp Teething wlta
perfect nuccess. It soothes th>: child, softens
the Kums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
HOTEX, DEL CORONADO-Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San Francisco.DALNY VOSTOK
NEARLY SUNK
IN HER BERTH
Finally Saved by Her
Mooring Lines.
TROOPS LEAVE FOR YUKON
A DETACHMENT SAILS ON THE
TRANSPORT ST. PAUL.
Jffembers of the Press Club and Their
Friends Enjoy an Outing — Cap
tain Hinder to Command
the Coptic.
The Russian steamer Dairy Vostok had
a narrow escape from capsizing last Sat
urday night. She had discharged her car
go of Japanese coal at Beale street and
was being prepared to sail for Chemanlus
to load lumber for Nagasaki when the ac
cident happened. She carries water ballast
end all the tanks on the starboard side
were pumped out. The steamer's bilge
was touching the piles and nothing but
her mooring lines were keeping her from
rolling over when the state of affairs was
discovered. The port water ballast tanks
■were then emptied in a hurry and the ship
gradually resumed an even keel.
The DaJr.y Vostok w;ts to have left
Beale.-street wharf Saturday and the i
French bark Amiral Troude was to have ,
taken her place. The tup took the sailing -
■1 to the dock, but as it was Impos-
Boible to move the steamer the Amiral
Troude had to be taken into the stream
again and anchor, d.
The transport St. Paul departed for St.
Michael yesterday afternoon. She car
-0 soldiers who are going north to re
:he men stationed on the Yukon. The
latter have been a year in the Arctic and
•will return home on the same steamer.
. ; Ray Is In command of the expedi
tion and will make his headquarters at
Bt. Michael. The men are to be distri- !
buted among the various military stations ]
on the Yukon and will keep watch and i
ward over Uncle Sams possessions until |
next spring. A year's supplies for the
men were taken along. In fact there was
BO much cargo that Captain Hays found
difficulty In Stowing it all away.
Among the live stock were five cows In
"full milk." These are expected to keep
the officers' mess supplied with fresh but
ter and cream throughout the year.
The river steamer Sunol took the mem
bers of the Press Club and their friends
on an excursion around the bay >■
day. About 150 people went out and
thanks to the management of Secretary
Tyler and other officers of the <-lt;i>. a
enjoyable day was spent. Alter a
visit to the Union Iron Works and Hunt- :
Point the Sunol was taken to Sausa
litu, where the excursionists landed. A
:.ing luncheon was served in the club :
tho San Francisco Yacht Club
an hour of eating, drinking and
merry making the party returned to the
and continued the cruise. El
Campo, California City. San Quentin, The
Brothers and other points of Interest In
bay were visited and th>- <x
cursionists then returned to the city thor- i
oughly delighted with their outing.
The work of overhauling the mail
. Bteamer Australia went on with a rush
' yesterday. Tho r< pairs to the deck and
deckhouses have been made and yester- ;
day the chippers were at work on the hull \
dy for tho painters. The yes- i
'sel will be in splendid trim when she goes
gain on July 3 on her next voyage
t" Honolulu.
Captain J. If. Kinder of the Occidental
Steamship Company is back.
• accompanied hy his wife.
When he left here with the Belgic in No
vember last the general supposition was
Ud go into the Atlantic trade.
of the Coptic on July 4
he will tak< ■ ommand of that vessel, huw
■';tptain Sealby will return to
Captain Sealby is to bo given
. of the White Star Com-'
I Ig Atlantic freight steamers. Cap- j
:.-r is a great favorite in the 1
tra ■ and his many friends will
hear that he is to again com- \
-. ne of the Occidental and Oriental
1 ny'a st< amers.
Captain Caw, who became so well'
■■•■ owing to the Blalrmore dis- .
is oik->' more on his way to San
Isco. His owners have given him
command of the clipper ship Arranmore
■ will bring her here via Lqulque.
Blalrmore, vj<\v the American barß
Palmer, is to loud r-oal at Newcas-
X. S. W.. for San Francisco and she
the Arranmore should about reach
r.. rt together.
The bark Hufus E. Wood arrived from
v. N. S. W.. yesterday, after a long 1
; ninety-nine days. On June H
. as 7"" miles off port, but light and
baffling winds kept her outside. Captain
M< Leod Is disgusted over the long voy
that for weeks at a time
. rk did" nothing but drift and when a
• would spring up half the time it
the wrong direction.
The transport Valencia docked at Steu
art-street wharf yesterday. She will get
away next Tuesday with the remainder of
the colored troops. The Valencia has been
painted white since her arrival in port
and her new dress adds greatly to her ap
pearance.
HE CAME FROM SAN JOSE.
Jonathan Ward Raised a Disturbance
at the Receiving Hospital and
Was Arrested.
A ynunp man from San Jose fainted at
Powell and Eddy streets yesterday after
noon and was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital in the patrol wagon. Dr. Hartley
found that he was suffering: from heart
failure, and suggested to Chief Steward
JUieher that he be put to bed and looked
after till he recoven <1.
Bucher started to take the young man's
personal property as a matter of pre
caution, which is a rule in the hospital,
but as soon as he took the man's purse
■ his pocket the latter Jumped off the
operating table and grabbed it. It wan
Lined to him that he would get his
v and other effects back when he
ered, but he roundly abused the
Is, and asked Dr. Hartley to go out
wit h him and he would show him
that he was no gentleman. This angered
loctor, and he ordered Policeman
Owens, who was present, to arrest the
young man on the charge of disturbing
the peace. He was taken to the City
:tively refused to give his
W! en searched about $32 and a
silver watch were found in his pockets.
Later he was seized with another faint
ing spell and taken back to the hospital.
He \v;ts repentant, and said he was Jona
than Ward, a copyist in San Jose, and he
1 that the charge against him be
withdrawn, but he will have to appear in
court this morning.
Lecture on Spiritualism.
Rev. Frank ft Ford of the First Chris
tian Church lectured last nipht on "Spir
itualism." He disagreed with Bishop
Moreland upon the idea of "messages"
coming directly from the devil. Modern
spiritualism, h<- said, is do more or less
than a following of hypnotism and mes
merism and has do relationship whatever
with either God or the devil in imparting
knowledge from those who have departed.
this life. "If such messages were from
the other world," concluded the ppeaker,
"they would have a tendency to lead peo
ple to morality."
Souvenir Mailing Cards, showing views
around th» city, 2?. c a dozen. For sale by all
stationery and the publisher, E. H. Mitchell.
225 Post street, San Francisco ♦ •
A Tough Spring Chicken.
]!. Schmidt, a cook in a restaurant on
l.arkin. street, near Fulton, was cutting a
uprinj? chicken in half yesterday morning,
bill ft was so touph thaf during his ex
ertions the knife slipped and nearly sev
ered his left band at the wrist. He was
t.iken to the Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Rice stitched and dressed the wound.
Furniture, piano* and freight moved. Sig
nal Transfer Co., 630 Jones; tel. Butter 441.
SMITH, ALIAS
ENGLISH. FOUND
BY THE POLICE
Minihan's Assailant
Finally Caught.
IDENTIFIED BY HIS VICTIM
IHE LATTER IS STILL CONFINED
TO HIS BED.
After Eluding the Detectives for Sev
eral Nights the Fugitive Is Sur
prised in One of His
Haunts.
Albert Smith, alias English, who as
\ saulted Policeman Minihan of the South
ern Station several nights ago. is locked
up in the City Prison. He was arrested .
' last evening on Sixth street by Police Of
j ficer Riordan, who was with Minihan
when he was assaulted.
Minihan was standing at Sixth and Mtn
j na streets, when he saw two men fighting j
on the opposite corner. He placed themun- |
der arrest and started with them for the
nearest patrol box. After ringing in for I
the wagon Smith, alias English, accosted
the officer and demanded of him to release
the prisoners.
By this time a large crowd had col
lected, and urged on by Smith, several
young hoodlums started to assault Mini
ban. Releasing the men he had under ar
rest, the policeman grabbed two of the |
most belligerent of the crowd. At this j
! juncture Smith sneaked up behind Mini- j
ban and struck him in the back of the
neck. As Minihan turned around ihe
vicious fellow smashed him in the face,
breaking his nose and severely bruising
his left eye. Minihan was knocked sense- |
less by the blow, and as he fell to the
Biaewalk two of Smith's friends repeat
edly kicked him in the stomach.
Smith, seeing Officer Riordan approach
ing, took to his heels and disappeared
down Sixth Btreet Riordan managed to
j arrest two of the gang, but not until he j
was also beaten by their companions. He j
received a blow in the right eye and an-
I other one in the back of the neck. Mini
; nan was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
| where his injuries were dressed. Since
■ then he has been unable to do police duty.
On learning that Smith was the princi
pal assailant of the policeman. Captain
! Spillane instructed every member of the
• Southern Station to spare no effort in ar
' resting the lawless tough. Smith for sev
eral nights kept away from his home, and
it was believed that he ha<l left the city
rather than stand trial for bis assault on
' the officer. Last evening, however, he !
Bhowed up at one of his old haunts on
Sixth street and was promptly arrested
:by Policeman Riordan. To-day he will be
' formally charged with an assault and bat
tery. _ _____
BECSEY ENTERS A DENIAL
Attorney Says His Face Was Not
Slapped by Bailiff Gallagher.
Attorney Joseph A. Becsey denies em
phatically that his face was slapped By
Bailiff Gallagher In Judge Treadweil'a
court Saturday morning. He also denies
that he was the attorney for the Murphy
woman, who was the Indirect cause of
the trouble.
"There was no blow struck." said Mr.
Becsey last night. "I happened to be in
the i/uurtroom and saw a woman fail in
a faint. I went behind the railing I
what was the matter and Gallagher
grabbed me by the lapels of my coat to
force me out. While We were struggling
the Judge ordered us to cease and then
told me to sit down, which I did.
"I do not know who the woman was,
hut T do know that she was no client of
mine. The published accounts of the af
fair were grossly exaggerated and do the
a great injustice."
STOLE FOR HER LOVER.
Delia Sheely Robbed Her Employers
and Is Placed Under Arrest.
Delia Sheely, a woman about 2>'> years
of age, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detectives Anthony and Dil
lon on a charge of grand larceny, and the
hat she was wearing when arrested was
booked as evidence against her.
Delia had a lover, Leon Henry, who is
now awaiting his trial charged with
breaking into a house on Pine street and
stealing a guitar, and he induced the
girl, it is claimed, to obtain situations in
respectable families and then rob them.
About ten days ago Miss Sheely pro
cured a situation with Mrs. Drady at 234
Devisadero street. She remained there til i
last Thursday, and took her departure, to
gether with a mink cape, a hat. a waist,
a pair of shoes and some underwear be
longing to Mrs. Drady. The police were
notified, and she was arrested. TVhen
Henry was arrested by Detective Harper
he was in the company of Delia.
Great bargains to-day In Pianos at
Mauvais', 769 Market street •
r* i r • i i 1
L •* «| t% I L f*t f\ I\] Mackay's store
i niidi riiudy. rt,c
i night.
I The last of a big business is
| in sight. Mackay quits with June's ending. No goods
\ sold next Saturday. The assortments are now limited,
! but such bargains. Be quick if you want a real
\ snap in Furniture, Carpets or Rugs. Come while you
jj have a choosing chance. You'll never see such worths
i again, because we are going to quit next Friday night.
Alex. Mackay & Son,
P 715 Market Street, Near Call Building.
WORLD FAMOUS
Body, Brain and Nerve Tonic
to Overcome
SUMMER COMPLAINTS
AND HEAT PROSTRATION,
ALL DRUGGISTS. AVOID SUBSTITUTES
Portraits and endorsements sent postpaid.
MARJANI * CO.. M W. I£TH ST.. NEW YORK.
SWEET Dse f%.
RESTFUL Wo 7's' s m>l&
SLEEP Facial Soai>
Follows a bath with WOODBURT"S Facial
Boap, and the face, neck and arms and handi
rendered beautifully , white, soft . and smooth
with WOODBURT'B Facial Cream. For sale
everywhere.
■
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 26, 1899.
CAPTAIN WARE
TO CO BEFORE
A FINAL BOARD
This Is Col. Forwood's
Recommendation.
WARE IS UNFIT FOR SERVICE
FORTS INSPECTED BY CONGRESS
MAN HULL AND PARTY.
Valencia, Pennsylvania and City of
Para Will Be the Next Trans
ports to Sail — Death of a
Recruit.
The board of surgeons that recently ex
amined Into the mental condition of Cap
tain Isaac P. Ware, assistant surgeon,
; has submitted Its report to Colonel For
wood, chief surgeon of the department,
and he in turn has forwarded the report
to General Shafter with the recommenda
tion that Captain Ware be ordered before
j a retiring board. This can mean but one
| thing, and that is that the first board has
' found the young surgeon unfit for further
I service in the army. An account of the
unfortunate officer's condition has already
been published in The Call. He became
addicted to the use of a drug, which he
took at times in such quantities as to
mentally unfit him for the proper per
: formance of his duties. Captain Ware be
! came a slave to the drug by reason of a
I physical complaint. It was to relieve his
i suffering that he first took the drug, but
{ finally it got the better of him.
From the fact that Colonel Forwood has
recommended that he be ordered before a
retiring board it is evident that Captain
Ware's chances of remaining In the army
• are small. The young doctor is well liked
by all who know him, and only the kind
est expressions are to be heard for hrin.
Congressman Hull, chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, who with
several other members of Congress and
! a party of their lady friends are nere for
! a few "days on pleasure, were the guests
of General Shafter again yesterday. The
party visited the Presidio in the after
noon, where they were joined by Colonel
Freeman and a number of the officers at
the post. They were taken to Fort Point
and inspected the coast defenses. They
inspected the 10 and 12 inch guns, the
mortar batteries and the dynamite guns.
The party then continued to the Cliff
House, where they were greatly interested
in the seals.
The probable order of the sailing of i.ie
next transports will be the Valencia.
Pennsylvania and the City of Para. It is
not known positively just what troops
they will carry, but the following assign
ments, according to General Babeock. are
probably the order in which the troops
will go on these vessels. The Valencia
will take four companies and the head
quarters of the Twenty-fifth Infantry,
now at Fort Logan. On the Pennsyl
vania will go four companies of the
Twenty-fifth Infantry and three com
panies" of the Twenty-fourth Infantry.
The City Of Para Will take Troops H. M.
D and H of the Fourth Cavalry with
headquarters and a company of 150 en
gineers from WilletS Point, New York.
In adition to the troops named, each ves
sel will carry fmm the casual detachment
a sufficient "number of men to complete
their capacity.
Company B, Twenty-fifth Infantry.
d Lieutenant Allen Parker com
mandlng, arrived at the Presidio yester
day from Fort Wlngate. Troop F, Sixth
Cavalry, Captain Elon F. AYilcox com
manding, from Fort I>?avenworth, is ex
pected to arrive at the Presidio this
morning. This troop may form a part of
the permanent garrison or it may be sent
to Sequoia Park, orders received at the
Presidio yesterday from department head
quarters ate not clear upon this point.
Major Alfred C. Glrard, surgeon, has
been assigned to the command of the gen
eral hospital at the Presidio, and in addi
tion he has been ordered to relieve Major
Matthews of command of the old general
hospital. This part of the order, however.
doea not go into effect until the first of
the month. Acting Assistant Surgeon
Charles H. Steams has been ordered to
report for duty at the general hospital at
the Presidio.
Private Frederick G. Killyn, Company
X, casual detachment, died at the general
hospital at the Presidio on Saturday night
of typhoid fever. His remains will prob
ably be shipped East to his family.
MISSION FEDERATION CLUBS.
Glen Park to Be Illuminated by a
Pyrotechnical Display on
Our Natal Night.
A special meeting of tho Mission Fed
eration of Improvement Clubs was held
at Market and Fourteenth streets Sat
urday. The object of the meeting was to
receive the report of the special commit
tee on the Fourth of July celebration. The
committee was not quite ready to make
its report, but it is certain that there will
be a display of fireworks in Glen Park
on the night of the Fourth. There will
be no admission fee charged, as it is the
O 000 O O 000000000
§ T E PALACE Wq
iGRANDtzmMUi*
? BAN FItANCISCO. ?
** Connected by a covered passageway. "
O 1400 Roomo— 9oo vrih Bath Attached. &
O All Under On* Management. C
0 NOTE THE PRICES i O
0 EnropeanPlan.Sl.OO per day and upward Q
p. American P1an. ?.".00 per day And upward _
" Correspondence Solicited. SM
0 JOHN 0. KIBKPATRICK. M»n»g»r. O
oo o o ocooooo o 00000
&CO.^?"V
K> 1)
XS^aSO MARKET ST. Sf.'+mSr
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
- great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. ■■ Depot, ttt ; Market.
Intention of the Mission people to have
Its share of the good things free of cost
to its own people.
Incidentally with this the federation
discussed some, minor matters appertain
ing to the work of the organization. One
was a resolution introduced by Major B.
McKlnne condemning the municipal offi
cials who have violated their pledges by
joining in an action to defeat the inten
tion of the people who voted for them on
the positive understanding that they were
only elected for one year.
A. S. Lillie drew the attention of the
members to the deplorable condition of
the three roads leading southward out of
the city into San Mateo County, these
roadways are covered with dust and rub
bish, notwithstanding the Supervisors ap
propriate $10,000 annually for keeping the
county roads in condition.
The secretary was instructed to write
a letter to the Sheriff requesting him to
put some of the prisoners in the branch
jail to work with a street sprinkler on the
Mission road. Secretary Griffith intro
duced the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Federation of
Mtesion Improvenment Clubs indorses
the petition of the Mission Five-Mile
Club, the Ocean View Club and the
San Francisco South Club No. 1, ask
ing that the pound limits be extended
throughout the various districts asked
for in the several petitions now before
the Supervisors.
W. J. Cuthbertson, president of the
Market-street Improvement Club, who
acted as chairman of the meeting, in the
absence of Chris Stader, stated that it
would be a good idea for the members
of the federation to attend a meeting at
Social Hall, on Turk street, on next
Wednesday evening, when President
Dohrmann of the Merchants' Association
will deliver a lecture on "Municipal Gov
ernment."
PORTUGUESE MAKE MERRY.
The Annual Reunion at Shell Mound
Park a Big Success.
The Portuguese Protective and Benevo
lent Association gave its twenty-eighth
annual outing at Shell Mound Park yes
terday, and, as usual, the affair was a
big success. The association is a power
in the local Portuguese colony and has
accomplished a great deal of good. It
numbers 250 members, pays out over $4000
yearly in benefits and has $8500 in tne
treasury as a reserve fund.
The members assembled in the morning
at the hall, 510 Bush street, and marched
to the ferry, headed by a brass band.
Over fifteen hundred picnickers gathered
at the pleasure grounds and made merry
until compelled to desist by darkness.
Dancing in both pavilions was the prin
cipal enjoyment and was under the direc
tion of Floor Manager Benjamin Silveira,
assisted by M. Benjamin.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of J. F. Bernard, Frank Souza,
Frank Almada and John Luis.
The officers in attendance were Presi
dent A. S. Martin. Recording Secretary A.
L. Quaresma, Financial Secretary J. J.
Rafael, Deacon J. J. Collhu and Treas
urer J. Baptlsta.
The Golden Jubilee.
At the meeting of the Odd Fellows' ju
bilee executive committee held Saturday
there were presented reports from the
various sub- committees, which showed
that considerable work is being done and
that the prospects are the three days'
celebration in October will be the grand
est fraternal event that has ever been ar
ranged for in this State.
Presidio Lodge announced that it would
in the near future arrange an entertain
ment to raise money to contribute to the
jubilee fund and that if the sum expected
is not realized the deficit would be made
up from the lodge treasury.
§ AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. FRIEDLANDER. Manager.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT !
The Lanitiarfli Grand Italian Opera Company
Have consented to Eive
TWO MORE PERFORMANCES!
TO-MORROW (TUESDAY) NIGHT,
Their wonderful production of .
"TROVATORE."
And WEDNESDAY NIGHT
"MAINO n LESC/UJTV'.
With all the great principals.
Seats now on sale:
25c, uOe, 75c, $1 and 91 50.
COMING—
THOSE REAL LIVE BROWNIES !
Presenting -:'*'
"THE BROWNIES OF FAIRYLAND."
200 children in new
SONGS, DANCES. SPECIALTIES. BALLETS.
ON THURSDAY AND SATURDAY AFTER-
NOONS AND FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
NIGHTS, June 29 and 30 and July 1.
Reserved Seats, 25c, 60c, 75c. Come and get
them auick. for everybody wants to see the
beautiful performance Riven by
"THE BROWNIES."
Next— "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
COLUMBIAN
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT,
Charles Frohman presents MR.
HENRY MILLER
—AND—
X SPECIAL COMPANY
In a superb production of the romantic comedy,
"THE ADVENTURE OF
THE LADY URSULA."
Written in the happiest vein of Anthony Hope,
author of "THE PRISONER OF
ZENDA." etc.
ALCAZAR™
TO-NIGHT (MONDAY)
Begins the fifth week of MR.
LEWIS MORRISON,
When will be presented Geo. Foster Plan's
Historical Comedy,
FREDERICK
The GREAT.
Next DOUBLE BILL.
DON CAESAR DE BAZAN,
And the new curtain raiser,
ONLY THE MASTER SHALL BLAME.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THREE NIGHTS ONLY
"ORPHEUS and
EURYDICE"
Reappearance of ANNA LIGHTER.
THURSDAY, JUNE 29TH,
THE SOCIETY EVENT
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In the Romantic Opera,
"SHAiyiUS_O'BRIEN."
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
CHUTES_AND ZOO:
f\ mnTINEB '-EVERY DAY.
GREAT BILL HTTHE THEATER.
The FLYING BANVARDS, Aerial ; Marvels;
ARMSTRONG and O'NEILL, In "Fun In a
Club" ; ADA J. COSGROVE, the London Fa-
vorite; the LA ROSE BROTHERS, Comedy
Acrobats; MAE TUNISON, Queen of Song, and
a HOST OF NOVELTIES.
VISIT LUNETTE and the MAZE!
THURSDAY NIGHT,
AMATEUR MAYPOLE DANCE !;
I <K| *LIJ iHr »B THB^^m m. A Wm I^)P% JlfJ
TWO specials in our Silk
Department. The greatest
values yet offered. 1300
yards of High-Grade Silks
have just arrived, being a
special purchase for this
sale:
Lot I—Consists1 — Consists of Plaids in
blue, pink, purples and fancy
combinations ; Checks and
Stripes in pretty designs; Heavy
Cords in helios, blues, white
and black with colored polka
dots. All worth from $1.00 to
$1.25 yard—
75c.
Lot 2 — As Handsome Waist
Silks as have ever been shown.
Worth $1.50 and $2.00 a yard.
Extra Heavy Corded Effects in
helio, cardinal, pink and tur-
quoise; Plaids and Damasse
Styles in new designs and col-
ors; Heavy Black and White
Cords. An unusually fine col-
lection —
98C yard.
RIBBONS.
A clean-up of Fancy Neck Rib-
bons. Ail high-grade ribbons, from
3 to 31 inches wide; in checks,
stripes and poka dot effects. The
former prices 18c, 20c and 25c a
yard; closing price 14c
WEINSTOCK, LUBIN & CO.,
JWatrUL&t arid Taylor Streets.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE PASQUALIS!
Late of the Scalchl Concert Company.
Assisted by 810. ABRAMOFF, in the Prison
Scene From "Faust."
4-O'LEARYS— A
European Eccentric Comedians.
BiLLY-FARRELL- 1 ILLIE
World's Champion Cake Walkers.
MELVILLE AND STETSON, FRANCESCA
REDDING, TACIANU, FRED NIBLO AND
WILL M. CRESS Y AND BLANCH DAYNE.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Madness Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main 532.
THIS EVENING,
Sir Julius Benedict's Beautiful Opera,
THE
LILY of KILARNEY.
OUR NEW PRICES— EVENING:
Orchestra, Reserved, 50c and 35c; Dress
Circle, Reserved. 25c: Family Circle. Re-
served. 15c; Gallery, 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY — Best Reserved
Seat In the House. 25c; Family Circle. Re-
served, 15c; Gallery. 10c.
CONCERTS AND itESOBTa.
OldlXlW GREAT REALISTIC
l £ WAR PANORAMA!
Of Prof. W. G. ROLLINS.
the eminent orator,
J|/| • a lectures half hourly.
iYleirillcl Market rt.. nr. Eighth.
Admission. 60c '
Pnyf Children. 25c.
BUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; Children 20c.
nipr nntlll Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROMLIHs^I
Valises checked fre*.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
61QRIH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Imiitti Ptfrt.
Commencing April ti, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a, m. ;
♦1:45. 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, »6:( 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mon(ln---<«, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:OO, •tCWJ, '10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, •1:45. *2:30, »4:00, t:tO, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Ran Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:40, 7:55. 8:40. »10:20
a. m.; 12:30. 2:15. •3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA ■ TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *S:00. •9Ao. 'WAS, 'IUiS
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, »3:30. »5:15, «6:00. 7:00, 00:16
p. m. • •
Trains marked (•) mn to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:50. 7:65. 8:56. 10:«5
a. m. 12:35, 2:45. 4:55. s*o p. m.
« EXTRA TRIPS on . londays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :00, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20 2:40, 3:56, 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. - m. ■ week days vrfaturdays ■ excepted)—
Point Reyes and . way stations. ■ .* ;- - A
8:00 a m. Sundays— and way sta'ns.
ii« n. m. Sundays— Reyes and way ata'na.
: -■■ ■■.■■■". - ■■■■■;■-■,■■ ■:'"■' ': ■'- ' '■■• "'' . ",- -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MILLINERY
It takes but little money now
to buy a stylish hat for the
"Fourth." Our Trimmed Hats
must go quickly. The styles
are good, and if a saving in
price is any object to you no
time should be lost in making
a selection. No regard to
former prices. The bulk of the
stock at this time is marked
$2.00
$3.50
$5.00
LADIES' KNIT
UNDERWEAR
Summer-weight Undervests, Riche-
lieu ribbed, acorn trimming, white or
ecru, cut low neck, either short sleeves
or sleeveiess; reduced from 25c... I9c
Summer-weight Vests, either pink
or blue, Richelieu ribbed, low neck,
sleeveless, silk taped; reduced from
15c 9 C
CORSETS.
Five lines of our 50c Corsets to be
closed out There are Jean Corsets
in gray and black, Gray and Black
Figured Corsets and Ventilated Sum-
mer Corsets —
230.
'% RATLBOAD TRAVEL.
CAUFOIRU NORTHWESTERN IT. Ca
XjHJSSEIEI
Ml FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tltmron Perry, Foot of Market 6t.
•AN krancisco to ban rafaei*.
ITB£K DAYS— 7:3O. »:00, 11:00 a. m. ; U:»»
»:SO, 1:10. 1:10 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:8* p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I'M
and 11:80 p. m.
•UNDATS-«:00, 1:80. U:0» a. m. : 1:80. 1J».
1:09, 1:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
«TCEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:41.
1:44. 6:15 p. m. Baturdajrs— trip* M
1:64 and 1:85 p. m.
iUNDATS— B:IO. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40. e^i.
•:25 p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Bchuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Franciscan
- April 1«. -
Week Sun- 1899. Bun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Dayn>
1 :30 am 3:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, »:05 pm 10:25 ara
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:36 pm 6:20 pa
Fulton.
t:M am Windsor. 10:25 am
Bealdfcburc
Lytton,
i. .-. : ■■' -■ ■- Oeyservllle,
1:39 pm »M am Oloverdale. 7:85 pm 140 p» .
T M am Bopland and - 10:25 am
1:10 inn SAO am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
_ - i * .
fJO am 10:26 am
1:00 am Chiernerille. 7:85 pm
1:30 pm 1:10 pa
T:Soam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
•llOpm 1:00pm Glen Ellen. (:0S pm 6:2opm
T:3O am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
(or Lytton Springs; at Oeyservllle for Skagga
Spring*; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle,
Boonevllie, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Kavarro. Whltesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr"s Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. WlUltts. Laytonvllle, Cum«
mm • Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle blds>
H C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Oen. Pass. Agent,
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN- ,
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN . FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street. .
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street.
MOUNT TAAIALPAItf SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via £ausalito Kerry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4 d. m.
Fare, 8. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agts., 621 Market st.
Crash Dress Skirts, with col-
ored stripes 69c
White Pique Skirts, trimmed
with navy bands 69c
Crash Dress Skirts, linen
color 39C
Serge Dress Skirts, well made
and lined, black or navy, $1.69
Ladies' Shirt Waists, assorted
patterns, all sizes 19c
DOMESTIC
SPECIALS.
Figured Piques in white and tinted
grounds, standard quality, this sea-
son's popular styles 9c yard
Ducks in plain white and French
blue, 27 inches wide, nice smooth
finish 8c yard
Percales, the best quality, always
sold at 121 c, patterns that we wish to
close out 5C yard
Doylies, checked and fringed,
popular during the fruit season —
Size 10x10.. .25c dozen
Size 12x12. . .3OC dozen
MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR
Five styles of Ladies' Nightgowns.
AH good styles, and up to tn is
writing $1.25. 89c
Ladies' Cambric Drawers, with em-
broidery insertion and embroidery
ruffle. Reduced from 75c . . . .57c
BATTYROAD TRAVEL.
MHTIIK.It> l'Al'IFI« <O'll'«\T.
(PACIFIC SV.ITKM.)
Trains lrar« anil lire tine to arrive) at
HAS FKAI«G'I.SCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — Fkoic June 25, 1899. — arbitb
7:00 a. Benicia, Snisun and Sacramento. . . . D:4Sp
?:OOa MaryßTille, Orovilloand Kedding Tia
Woodland B:l.">r
7:00 a Elmira, Vacarlllo and Rumsey. 8: 13p
7:30 a Martinez, Han Ilamon.Vallejo. Napa,
C'allatoga and Santa Itosa 6:1 Sr
8:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and East.. Ui43a
■:!iOA Sun .loaf, LiTermoru, .Stockton,'
lone, Sacramento, Placcrrille.
MarysTill«\ Chico, lted lllutl 4iltip
SiHOa •Milton, Oaktlaleand Honora 4:13p
8:30 a Yoscmite Valley via O&kdale and
Chinese 4:1
9:00 a Haywards, Nil. s and Way Stations. 11:43 a
0:00 a Martinez, Tracy. Latlirop. Stockton.
Merced anl Fresno 12:13r
OiOOa Fresno, Uaker3tield, Santa lt:irl»\ra,
Los Angeles, Demlng, £1 Paso, -
New Orleans and East 6:45p
IO:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7: 15p
1 1 :0(» Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations. 2:45?
12:00 m Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Visalla, ' "♦ ' ■
Pcrterville 4:l»p
•l:OOp Sacraniouto Hirer Steamers "S:OOp
3:00p Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 3:43p
4 :«»«!■ Martinez, San lUmon, Vallejo,
Napa, Uulistoga, .Santa Rosa 9ilsa
4<oop Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvillo, OroTillo 10:15*
4 :80p Niles, Han Jose and Stockton ....... 7:1.1p
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
s:OOpTho Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
■ field, Saugua for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. 9:4Sa
S:3op Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13p
' 0:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and l.os Angeles B<43a
oi3op Santa Fu Route, Atlantic press
for Mojave and Ka.it 6:4.1
6iOOp Chicago-San Francisco Special, Ogdeii
and Kast Bt4!lp
6:00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a .
•6:00r Vallejo 12: 1,1 p
7:OOp Oregon JCxpress,Hacrainento, Marys-
; -i~ vllle. Ito<Ulii)g, Portland, I'uget
Sound and Kast 7:43 a
t »:00f Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tlons tlO:3Op
COAST DIVISION (NnrroiT (Janirp).
(Foot (if Market Street.)
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8:03»
Sil3ANewark,Centerville,SanJose,Felton,
Boul der Creek.Santa Ortiz and Way
Stations 3:30p
•ailBP Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "10:30 a
4sl3p San Jose, Glcnwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a
M: 1 3p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
, tions /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS nUNCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. }1:00 *2:00 |3:00
•4:00 J5:00 •6:00 p.M.
frtmOilUHD— Foot or Broidw.v.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tI2:OQ- »l:00 18:00 »3:00 t<:00 '3:QOr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townaciul Stg.) •
' *O:1Oa Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. *6:SOp
•7:OOa San Joso and Way Stations (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) *8:00 A
17:30 a Sunday Fxcurslon for Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove and Principal Way
Stations JS:35p
•iOOa Hkii .lose, Tres Finos. Nnnta Crnz,
rarilic Orove. Paso ltobles, Han
Luis Oblspo, Surf, Lompoc and
Piincipal Way Stations 4:lOp
IW:4Oa Ban .lose mid Way Stations 0:33 a
11:3Oa San Jose aud Way Stations li3Up ;
•a:4sp San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Shu .lose,
Uolllster, Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey ninl Pacific Grove *10:36 a
*Si3Op San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations «7:8 Op
•4:15p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:00 San Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:35 a
5:80r San Jose and Principal Way .Stations "0:00 a
6:S»l* San Joss ami Stations B:3Op
f11:43r San Josei>ii<l Way Station* t7:»Op
A for Morning. for Afternoon. ~~
•Sunday excepteil. t Sunday only, i t Satnr<Tay only.
. ©Saturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JCAQUI3
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
ytotn Jan. ts. 1899. train* will run as follow^
South-bound. J \ North-bound.
raasen- Mixed. MIxeJL Passed
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday ger. ,
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.;
T:IO am 10:30 am Stockton 8:46 pm 8:00 pra
1:10 am 2:08 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno. 9:80 am 2:42 pm
11:88 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pn»
1:15 pm 12:80 am Bakertineld 2:00 am 11:00 ara
U:59 am 6:25 pm Vlealla «:40 am 1:22 pra
12:16 pm 6:63 pm Tulara 6:60 am 1:05 pra
' Stopping at Intermediate points as required. "
For particulars of stage and other connections
tnaulra at Traffic Manager's Office, SXL Mwkci
CrJHii. p*" yrancUcq. -- "
56
OAKLAND LOSES
TWO GAMES TO
THE LOBSTERS
Stisl Hurrying Down
the Chutes.
A CRIME AGAINST BASEBALL
— — ♦ —
DUDES TURN THE MORNING
MATCH INTO BURLESQUE.
♦
A Ten-Inning Game in the Afternoon
With a Marked Improve
ment in Their
Work.
■ ime "f the cen
_•:■• ,ir national gain
■ sterday morning. (Swing's
misfits journeyed across the
for nli | layed rial base
: • th( Lobsters. Then the bunch
at tin- thought of uttain
. [■ participating in an -x
• -i. or may be tin- phiudits
• : whelmed them, but
(I the earth again
men made it three
\>xr ■ niing we< k something is
r in Oakland. Ew Li g
■■■ l of paying salaries
.1 ; ..ven play "ring
says that what
■ ■<! is a pnss to the
.'.lil do bus
with a bundle of lead pencils,
and a station on -
rnlng gam< was simply awful.
. pitch, but wh<
ases <>:. balls lie v a.- . lth< r
er ti:' l"i or the men be
k< n with palsy. In
g Lange went into the box
d the string out. He would
• .'. fairly effective had he been
r kit i : support. Hammond
game and Peeples had to
nlng Uoskiman going
rz ■■:■. ;'.••'! for the Lobsters
- ■ ible.
f that trncrlc affair. Fear
t th( ve\ seance of the Local
' ; ■ i themselves to
r ii. tiie afternoon, and although
v. -s unable to play owing to ill-
Hammond had to perform at
• '!.•■ contest was
, times interesting and occasionally
Mi Bkiman was at his best, Don
man who could
. with any degre< "I' safety. It
■ "i until after the pirae had been
tenth through stupidity on
■ any
' ■;■ ■ . Santa Cruz.
his final appearance, for
In ■ • box here and
m< 'i lo
5, but he quickly pulled
: . En the. lirst
:.!>■ two nu-n reached lirst.
:.
' opened with a single and Dun
l lonovan g I
:;ns, r Hammond
Jack . Lange went out on
t field ■- ■ w< 1 with a
■ which got past Drennan,
two runs resulted. McGulre retiring
aother fly to Btrelb.
• i Cruz got one in the sixth, Donlin
-■ Ith a double and scoring on an
re. The score was tied
. f< w minutes in the seventh, when
Drennan led off with a single and scored
double by Kleiber, which "Sausage"
lited with, however, for in his
t<-> make bases he failed to touch
properly called out.
Oakland untied the knot in its half.
Hardl< veloped a wonderful burst
on th.- paths. He got a sinple,
sprinted around to third on Moskiman's
■ . scored or. Schmeer's hit. Lou
. :.t his second wind and bids fair
into a footracer, though some
• unkind enough to say that his
sprinting abilities have V>e*n developed by
chasing doughnuts since tne clams have
taken to deep water.
: up matters again in
Ighth, Donlin being given a base on
nd and scoring on
When the ninth went by without a run
k exceedingly Interesting,
ra Boon tore the heart out
of the same. Williams plucked a single
; .:. bunted safe. 1 >ev< r
them to third and second. Pace
-■ fly to Hardle. who made a
tlful throw in and would have
'. illiams at the plate only Mc
:n and caught the ball, and be
:-•■ could turn around and throw to
Lvy the runner had crossed the
r Dunleavy claimed Williams did
uch the plate, and walked over to
with the ball to touch him out,
• Don .:; to sneak home. I)un
bluft did not work and both runs
Do es by Clark and Streib gave
the visitors another run, which they did
for Oakland could do nothing in
If. The bci
MORNING GAME.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
fiohmeer, s. s 1 110 12 1
M'Ckiman, l.f. &2b. 4 1 0 0 4 4 2
Ijunleavy, 0 4 0 2 0 3 2 1
Ivmovan, c. f. &3b. 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
I^angp. Mi. & p 4 0 0 114 0
IVeples, s. a 10 0 0 0 11
Magulre, Il> 3 0 0 0 14 0 1
Hardle, r. f. &c. t.. 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Hussell, p. &r. f.... 2 0 0 0 0 1 1
fc'hea, 1. r 3 0 0 0 110
— — — I
Totals 32 2 4 1 27 15 7
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Williams, 2 b 4 2 0 12 2 0
lionlln. r. f 5 0 2 2 2 0 0
Devereaux, 2 b 3 2 2 0 2 10
, .I'ace, c 4 2 2 0 6 11
dark. 1 b 5 12 0 8 0 0
Streib, 1. f 6 2 4 0 2 10
Drennan, c. i 6 1 0 1 3 0 1
Kleih*>r. s. s 3 110 110
Balsz, p 4 110 112
Tot..- « 12 14 1 27 1 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 OOOO2OOO—
Base hits 0 01002010—4
f-'anta Cruz 4 0 1110 2'l 2—12
Base hits 2 1110122 4—14
SUMMARY.
Run* responsible For— Russell, 4; Lange, 4;
Balsz, 1. Two-base hits— Dunleavy, Strelb '.',
Halsz, Donlin, Clark. Sacrifice hit— Donlln.-
First base on errors— Oakland, 2; Santa Cruz, i.
First base on railed balls— Santa Cruz, 8. Left
on Oakland, 4; Bants Cruz, 12. struck
out— liy Russell. 1; by Lunge, 2; by Balsz, 3.
Hit by pitcher— Devereaux, Kleiber, Russell
Double plays— Lange to McGulre; Pace to Wil
liams; Dunlenvy to Lange to Donovan; Moskl
man to ' ';;!!:■•'. Passed ball— Dunleavy. Time
of gume— l:4o. Umpire— O'Connell. Official
. scorer— M. B. McFarlln.
AFTERNOON GAME.
SANTA CRUZ.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Williams, 2b 5 110 3 10
Donlln. p 4 3 3 110 0
lVvereaux, 3b 4 0 0 0 12 0
Pace, c 4 0 1 0 6 0 1
Clark, lb 5 1 1 0 10 1 0
Ptrelb. 1. t 5 0 10 5 0 0
Drennan, c. f 5 1 2 0 3 0 1
Kleiber, c. s 4 0 0 0 0 4 2
Burge, r. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 1
Totals 40 6 9 1 30 8 5
OAKLAND.
AB. R. Blf. SB. TO. A. E
Schmcer. s. a........ 6 0 1 03 2 1,
Hammond, 2b 3 1 2 0 2 3 0
Dunleavy, c 5 0 0 0 3 0 1
Donovan, c. f 5 1110 0 1
Lange. 3b 5 0 0 0 3 10
Shea, 1. f 4 0 10 2 10
McGuire, lb 4 0 0 0 11 0 2
Hardle, r. f 4 12 0 4 0 0
Moskiman, p 4 0 10 14 1
Totals 39 3-8 1 »29 11 ~6
•Kleiber out for not touching first base.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa, Cruz • 0000011103—6
Base hits 0011110 4—lo
Oakland (l 002001000—3
Base hits 1003103000—8
SUMMARY.
• Runs responsible for— Moskiman 3. Two-base
hits— Donlin, Pace. Clark, • Streib. Sacrifice
hits— Devereaux, Donlin. First base on errors — ' i
Santa Cruz 3, Oakland 1. First base on called j
balls— Cruz 1, Oakland 2. Left on bases—
STURDY OARSMEN IN COMPETITION
Santa Cruz 7, Oakland S. Struck out— Hy Dun
lin 4. by M.'jiiiman 2. Hit by pitcher— Pace.
I ball— Dunleavy. Time of game— l:6o
Umpire— O'Connell. I tfnclal scorer— Stapleton
Senators Are Shut Out.
SACRAMENTO, June 25.— Watsonville
played an errorless game to-day and the
veteran, George Harper, assisted by his
stone wall, succeeded in shutting out the
locals— the first trick of the kind since the
: organization of the club. Harper was an
I enigma throughout and was touched for
I but three hits. Harvey was in fine form,
i but his field was slightly ragged, only one
of the two runs made by the Beet Grow
-1 ers being earned. Harvey was touched
: for only six hits. The features of the
game were the base running of McLaugh
lin and the superior fielding of Plake, Mc-
Carty and Brockoff. Score:
BA< :RAMENTI ».
AH. R. BH SB l'< >. A. E.
, I ►ennle, r. t 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Harvey, p 3 0 1 0 0 5 0
Doyle, It) 3 0 0 0 10 1 0
Kagan, a. a 4 0 0 0 4 4 1
Stanley, c 4 0 10 3 11
■ Shanahan. c. t i 0 0 0 1 0 0
McLauKhlin, 1. f 2 0 1 3 0 0 0
■ Stulz, 2 b 3 0 0 0 2 6 0
Sheehan, 3 b 3 0 0 0 3 0 ll
Totals 29 0 3 3 24 16 3
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. HH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. 3 b 4 110 0 2 0
McCarthy, s. s 4 0 0 2 15 0
: Courtney, c. 1 3 0 10 10 0
: Belna. 1 b 3 0 1 0 14 1 0
Morrow, c 3 0 1 0 i 0 0
Billings, r. t 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Plake, 2 b 3 110 2 10
: Borland, 1. i 3 0 10 0 0 0
: Harper, p 3 0 0 0 14 0
Totals 29 2 6 2 27 13 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
' Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 0 0 10 110 o—3
Watsonvllle 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 •— 2 j
Base hits 1 2 0 0 2 0 0 1 »-6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harvey, 1. Two-base
hit— Plake. Sacrifice hit— Doyle. First base on
errors — Watsonville, 2. First base on balls — Oft
Harvey, 1: off Harper, 2. Left on -.Sacra
mento, 5; Watsonvllle. 4. Struck out— By Har
vey, 3; by Harper. 7. Double play— Stulz to
i Eagan to Doyle. Wild pitch— Harvey. Time of
I same- 1:30. Umpire— Rube Levy. Scorer—
Wasps Win at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, June 25.— San Francisco
'■ turned the tables on San Jose to-day by a
jloto 5 score. For eight innings it was as
i pretty a contest as one could wish to look
I at, but In the ninth the locals went to
, pieces and the Wasps scored six runs.
Borchers and Fltzpatrlck were hit hard,
but the Chief was out of form and gave
; six bases on halls. Mailer's fielding was
the finest seen on the local grounds this
season. Score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
! Pyne, c. f 4 1 0 o l o o
I Krug, s. s 4 1 1 0 2 4 2
: Riley. 3 b 3 2 0 12 3 1
Sullivan, lb 4 1 2 1 11 0 l
Hilderhrandt, r. f — 4 2 2 0 0 0 0
Muller, 1. f 5 0 10 2 0 0
; O'Nell. 2 b 4 1 2 0 3 3 0
Swindells, c 4 0 0 0 5 O'O
, Fitzpatrick, p 4 2 2 0 1 4 1
Totals 36 10 10 2 27 14 5
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
MrOucken. c. t :i 3 1 0 2 0 0
Graham, r. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Anderson. 2 b 5 10 0 4 3 1
Dalrymple. 1. f 4 0 2 110 0
! Hanlon, 1 b 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
; ODea, 3 b 4 0 10 2 0 0
Leake, s. s 4 0 2 0 0 2 2
Borchers, p 4 10 0 13 1
Kent, 0 4 0 2 0 8 11
Totals 38 5 9 1 27 9 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 1 0 10 0 2 0 0 6—lo
Base hits 1 0 2 2 0 111 2—lo
Pan Jose 2 0001000 2—5
Base hits 1 10 012112—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers, 3; Fitzpat
rick 1. Two-liase hits— Krug, Muller. Three
bnnc hits— McGucken, Kent. Hllderbrandt. Sac
rifice Mt»— Graham, McGucken, Pyne, Swin
dells. First bane on errors— San Jose. 4: San
Francisco, 4. Base on balls— By Fitzpatrick, 1;
by Borchers, 6. Left on bases- Kan Jose, 5;
Han Francisco, R. Struck out— By Fltzpatrlrk
t 4. by Borchers, 4. Hit by pitcher— Krug. Double
1 playc — Hanlon unnc^lpted ; Leake to Anderson
to Hanlon; Fitspatriek to O'Neil to Sullivan.
I'assi"! ball— Kent. Wild pitch Fitspatriek.
Tim- of game — 2:10. Umpire — O'Connell. Scorer
1 ■ —Waldorf.
Union Gun Club Shoot.
AXAMEDA, June 25.— The members of
the T'ninn Clun Club had their regular
monthly shoot to-day at the grounds of
the Lincoln Club, Alameda Point. The
summary of events follows:
Club shoot, twenty-five targets — Fisher 19,
Debenham 18, J. B. McCutchan IE, J. I). Grubb
20, »:. McDonnell 13, Michelsen IS, Debenham
17. Grubb (back score) 17, Olson 20, Schultz 12
Trask 1«. Mcßea 23. Drieschman 10. Bllloff 14
J. B. McCutchnn (bnck score) 15, Walpert !•
W. J. Where 12, Wollani 12, Itgen 9, Grubb
(back score) IR, Hess 11, Mitchell 16, Banner 13,
Trask (back score) 1.1.
I'ool event, fifteen targets— Colt 5, Schendel
Jr. 6. Michelsen 8, Price 9. Blckerstafr 8, Bll
loff 7, Javette Jr. 13. Hawxhurst 11, Young S
Blckerstaft 9. Olsen 14.
In the handicap event Hawhurst won
the club medal for the month after shoot
ing off a tie with Schroeder.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mlsßlon. Bait
water direct from the ocean.
Flush Won at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, June 25.— 1n the fifty-six dog
Ftake coursing here to-day Flush won,
Mammie Pleasant second, Little Joker
third. There were few startling surprises
to the talent.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cali
fornia Fireworks Co., 21. Front st. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 26, 1899.
BLUE AND GOLD
OARSMEN WIN
AT EL CAMPO
Show Dashing Style
in First Start.
The rowing regatta hoITI yesterday at
El Campo w;.s a decided success. Thougb
ty was dull and cloudy, ;i large
crowd was ii attendance and the races
were carried out with commendable
promptitude. The water up to 1 o'clock
in the afternoon whs smooth, and thougb
the breeze freshened considerably after
that hour, there was at no time any sea
running. The most Interesting event of
the day was the winning of the junior
Lurge race by the crew from the Univer
sity of California, which came to the
start In good condition, establishred a
lead early in the rare and never lost it.
The victory of the blue and gold was
popular among the oarsmen, and the uni
versity boys w.-re the recipients of many
c ongratulations.
The two divisions of the Naval Militia,
N. G. C, in their ten-oared cutters, rowed
a hard race, which was productive of
much interest. The senior barge race
was wen by the Alamedas, though the
Ariel* made them work for their victory.
The Dolphin intermediate crew, entered
for the senior barge race, was without
Victor Caglieri, the bow oar, and C. M.
Farrell was substituted for him. Every
man in the boat had had a previous race.
A. W. Pape having taken part in the
canoe and relay swimming races; W. O.
Patch having rowed a hard race with C.
C. Dennis in the senior out-rigged sK.ff
event; George Baker having won the
Junior outrigged skiff race against four
competitors, and having stroked the
junior barge crew, and C. M. Farrell, wno
rowed No. 2in the junior barge. The re
lay swimming race between teams of ten
men from the Olympic and Lurllne clubs
was close and exciting, the Olympics
keeping the lead for the first seven or
eight relays, but the Lurlines overcoming
it and winning in the last two or three.
The Olympics were without the services
of J. Hobson and Otis Crable, two of their
best swimmers, yet were beaten by oniy
a narrow margin.
The four-oared barge • race, between
crews of the architectural .class of the
Humboldt Evening High School and Com
pany II of the League of the Cross
Cadets, was won by the latter. In the
senior outrigged skiff race W. O. Patch,
handicapped by a heavier boat, had a
formidable opponent in Dr. C. C. Dennis,
but stuck gamely to his work and made a
very close iinish. Dennis won. The re
sults of the races follow:
Junior outraged skiff race— Won by George
Baker of the Dolphins, George Collopy of the
Pioneers second. M. J. Breen of the South Ends
third, Warner Lubbock of the Alaiti'ilas fourth.
George Lewis of the Alamedas retired. Won by
two lengths. Time, 12 minutes 15 seconds.
Senior outrigged skiff race— Won by Dr. C. C.
Dennis of the South Ends, W. O. Patch of the
Dolphins second. Time, 12 minutes.
Junior four-( barge race, three starters—
Won by University of California— Jomes Hop
per, bow: A. D. smith, No. 2; Ray Fryer, No.
'■'•; F Waggershauser, stroke. Dolphin Boating
Club— W. Bush, bow; C. M. Farrell, No. 2; Dr.
F. R. Sexton. No. 3; George Baker, stroke; sec.
ond Ariel Crew— McDonough, bow; Charles
Wilson, No. 2; A. Haughton, No. 3; E. Lynch,
stroke; third. Won by one length. Time, 9
minutes 15 seconds.
Canoe race— Won by George Collopy of the
Pioneers, A. W. Pape of the Dolphins second.
Distance, half a mile. Finish close. •
Ten-oared cutter race — Won by First Division
Naval Militia. N. G. C. ; Second Division Naval
Militia, N. G. C, second. Distance one and a
half miles. Time, 14 minutes 38 seconds. Won
by two lengths.
Relay swimming race, ten relays, Lurline
Swimming Club vs. Olympic Club— F. Arm
strong vs. C. E. May no, A. Taylor vs. J. A.
Geddcs, D. Carroll vs. K. C. Hartman, —
lirummel vs. F. Gedd*s, G. Hlnkel vs. E. Stern
berg, L. Hammersmith vs. H. Foley, F. Duran
vs. M. de Lyons, A. W. Pape vs. H. F. Brewer,
C. K. Melrose vs. H. A. Wldemann. • Won by
Lurllne team, Olympic team second. Time, 8
minutes 10 seconds.
Senior four-oared barge race: Won by Ala
meda crew— J. Lewis, bow; W. O. Han;;en,
No. 2; A. C. Webb. No. 3; F. W. Ayres,
stroke. Ariel crew— P. H. Wilson, bow; James
O'Connell. No. 2; Robert Ellis, No. 3; James
Wilson, stroke; seoond. Pioneer crew— H.
Wilder, bow; F. O'Neill, No. 2; G. L. Lawson,
No. 3; C. L. Ochs, stroke: third. Dolphin
crew— C. M. Farrell, bow; George Baker, No.
2; W. O. Patch, No. 3: A. W. Pape, stroke;
retired. Time, ten minutes. Won by three
quarters of a length.
Four-oared barge race for novices: Won by
Company H, League of the Cross crew— Casey,
Smith, McDonald and Bealey. Architectural
class of Humboldt Evening High School— J.
Mclntosh, bow; J. A. Burke, No. .2; J. W.
Burke, No. 3; Bert Cameron, stroke, : second.
Distance, seven-eighths of a mile. Won by
one length. Time, six minutes.
The course was considerably changed
from the one formerly used, and In the
opinion of both oarsmen and spectators
the change was for the better. The start
was made some three hundred yards, to
the south of the landing stage of the
steamer, thence northward three-quarters
of a mile to and around the stakes, thence
about half a mile to the finishing line, op
posite the dance hall on the picnic
grounds. This arrangement gave the spec
tators a full view of all the most interest-,
Ing parts of the race, and enabled the
oarsmen to keep closer In to the shore,
where the water Is smoother. The fol
lowing officials were In charge of the re
gatta:
S. J. Pembroke, referee; John Elliott, start
er; A. M. Stone, marshal of the course: M.
J. Calnan. assistant marshal; A. P. Roth
kopf, E. Brown, C. E. Peaoll. J. T. Sullivan
and P. J. Knright, timers. The following of
ficiated as Judges: H. W. Maass and J. C.
Stamer of the Alameda Boating Club, Archie
Taylor and P. .7. Enrluht of the Ariel Row
ing Club, J. Lath and T. Kennedy of th" Dol
phin Swimming and Buatins «'iub, R. Mc-
Arthur and A. Mellltz of the South End Row
ins i 'luh. .!. Klunder and .!. T. Sulllvon of the
Pioneers. .1 O'Connor and E. Connelly of the
Olympic club, W. E. Cole and E. Brown of
the University, A. Sehlmnf and A. Schupviert
of the Triton Boating Club.
GOOD SCORES MADE.
Members of the Olympic Gun Club
Destroy Clay Pigeons at
Ingleside.
The momliers of the Olympic Gun Club
held their regular Sunday snoot at the
traps at tngleside yesterday morning. Tho
shooting was of a very good standard,
and the clay disks flew Into fragments
with considerable regularity. Tho best
was made by White. wh<> succeeded
in demolishing a pigeon with every shot.
The following are the results in detail:
Nnuman 24: Webb, L'-'i: Oweni l v ' Slade 24'
White, 25; Feudner, 21; Miller, 18; Rirshfi
Matteson, 81; Allen, 13; Hosmer, 13; Rose, 18;
Lane, 17.
Baofe scores— Naumnn. 22: Webb, 23; Slade
22; Hlrshfeld, 18; Matteson, 16.
Swiss Rifle Club. Shoot.
The Swiss Rifle Club held its monthly
bullseye and medal shooting contest at
Harbor View range yesterday. Follow
ing are the scores:
Bullseye target— G. R. Hauser first, Julius
Leeman second, P. Croce third, A. Studer
fourth. F. Haumcartner fifth, H. Monoth Flxth.
F. Sinter seventh, G. Orsi eighth, Al Gehret
ninth.
Medal shontlnfr— Champion class, Al Gehret,
4LD; first class, Julius Leeman, 408; second class,
P. Croce, 347; third class. Al Monottl, 336.
BROOKLYN TAKES THE
THIRD FROM CHICAGO
Reds Twice Defeat the Orioles, and
Cleveland Wins From
St. Louis.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— "W. L.. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Tct
Brooklyn ....45 14 .763 New Ynrk...2S 31 .475
Boston 37 19 .661 Cincinnati ..27 30 .475
Philadelphia 3.") 21 .CSS j Plttaburg ...24 30 411
Chicago 35 24 .688 Louisville ...20 39 .333
Kt. Louis 34 26 .507 Washington is 42 300
Baltimore ...32 25 .661 Cleveland ...10 44 .185
CHICAGO. June Taylor and Dement pre
sented Brooklyn with most of their runs to
day, the former by hitting three batsmen and
Riving five bases on balls and the latter by two
very bad errors. Jones did some clever work
in center field and Lange made a wonderful
catch, stopping what looked like a clean home
run. Attendance, 24,421. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 11 4
Brooklyn 7 8 2
Batteries— Taylor and Donohue: Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpires — Gaffney and Manassau.
CINCINNATI. June 25.— The Reds won both
games from the Orioles to-day by superior
work. Breltenpteln pitched In his old form In
the first game, while Hahn's work In the sec
ond was superb. With Peitz on first and two
men out in the twelfth Inning, Smith singled.
Holmes allowed the ball to set away from him
and the winning run was scored. Attendance,
7256. Score of first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 681
Baltimore 14 2
Batteries— Breitensteln and Peitz: McGlnety '
and Robinson. Umpires — O'Day and McGarr.
Score of second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 7 2
Baltimore 3 9 2
Batteries— Hahn and Peitz; Nops, Kltson and
Robinson. Umpires— O'Day and McGarr.
LOUISVILLE. June 25.-The Colonels took a
brace to-day and downed the Senators In both
frames. Cunningham had the visitors at his
mercy In the first contest and the home team
hatted Weyhlmc hard, Phllljipl lasted out three
Inning! In the second, and Brashear. the Col
onels' new twirler, finished the game in great
style. The home team won out In the eighth
by good all-around playing. Haitzell has been
sold to the Indianapolis team. Attendance,
0000. Score of first game:
Clubs— R. H. E
Louisville 8 13 3
Washington 1 3 l
Batteries— Cunningham and Powers; Weyhing
and Butler. T'mptres— Swartwood and Warner.
Score of second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 7 11 2
Washington 6 S 4
rUiUorles— Phlllppl. Brashear and Powers:
M< I'arland and Butler. Umpires— Swartwood
and Warner.
PT. LOUTS, June 25.— St. Louis played n novel
double-header with New York and Cleveland
to-day and lost both games. The contests, how
ever, were exciting all through and neither
game was won until the last man was out.
Schreckongost, who was recently traded to
Cleveland by St. Louis, made three hits and
won the game for his club. Attendance, 10,000.
Score of first game:
Clubs— R. H. E
St. Louis 3 11 0
New York 5 11 2
Batteries— Powell and Criger; Seymour and
Warner. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
Score of second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 18 2
Cleveland 3 9 i
Batteries— Cuppy and Criger; Hughey and
Schreckongost. Umpires— Emslie and McDon
ald.
Italian Wins Cycling Race.
PARIS, June 25.— International Cy
cling Grand Prix was won here to-day~by
Tommassetti, an Italian, Meyers of Hol
land being second and Momo, a Pied
montese, third.
«
Throws Three Men Twice Each.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., June 25.-Hali
Adali, the Turkish wrestler, threw three
men twice each in fifty-eight minutes here
to-night. His contract was to do the job
in ninety minutes,
GLADIATOR IS
THE SPEEDIEST
SENT TO SLIPS
Wins the Open Stake
at Union Park.
The open Ftake at Union Park yester
day provided sensational spurt through
out, the day, an unusually high class lot
of flogs being sent to the slips. Gladiator
and Lottie M were the contestants when
the filial round w:is reached, and a grand
race resulted. Lottie M, the great black
and white bitch belonging to H. Lynch,
led from tho time they left tho hands
of Slipper Wren. They raced across the
field after one of the srongeat hares of
the day, with Lottie three lengths in the
lead.
She secured the first turn, but the hare,
turning back to Gladiator, placed him.
He proved too strong and too clever for
his opponent, and lost no ground from
that time on. Before the hare finally es
caped the hounds gave as great an exhi
bition of coursing as was ever witnessed
on this coast. Gladiator's superior work
on the hare gained him the flag and the
stake. The winner is owned by James
Dean, and worked his way into the final
of the Champion slake last week with
his kennel mate, Connemarra.
In the sixth round the talent picked
Young America to beat Gladiator, offering
odds of 5 to 3 1-2. Young America led
almost to the hare, but the latter, turn
ing toward Gladiator, gave him the first
turn. After this he did most of the work
and killed.
The sapling stake for dogs was won by
I. McCabe's Craig Boy after a long
course with Agamemnon.
In the sapling stake for bitches R. E.
de B. Lopez's Pepita and I'armencita, two
litter sisters, ran one-two. They divided
the stake, not being required to run it
off. The detailed results of the day's
sport follow:
Open stake, second round— E. M. Kellogs's
Kid McCoy beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Belle Clalr; J. Dean's Gladiator Ix-at J. Segger
son's Candelaria: .1. P. Thrift's Forgive beat
O. J. I'anario's Highflyer; Chella & Gaffney's
Snapshot beat Juhn Maher's Safesuard: J. P.
Thrift's Hrutus beat Daily & Srebein's Shy
l"ik Boy; T. Butler's Susie beat Handy &
Smith's Ben Holt: J. I. O'Brien'" s> •••••■— y.<n
beat Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs; M. Lon
don's Mupneto beat O'Nell A: m;ii,, ad, 1. . .s
Promise Me; George Sharman's Walt a Lit
tle beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; Hanley &
Rellly's O. K. Capitol beat Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Hosie Clair; H. F. Anderson's ("raw
ford l.ad beat Kay & Trants Innisfallen:
Handy ft Smith's Lady Huga beat J. Byrnes'
Battleship; Pasha Kennels' Metallic boat H.
A. Deckeiman's ' >id Glory; J. H. Perigo'a Bohe
beat U A. Deekelinan's Lawrence; J. O'Shea's
JToung America l,<-;it F. A. McComb'S Royal
Flush; Handy & Smith's Sylvanus beat Pasha
Kennels' Emm Pasha; H. Lynch" s Lottie M
beat P. J Rellly's .Warship; H. F. Ander
son's Crawford Braes beat H. A. Deckelman's
Glen Roy; P. Brophjr'S Benicia Hoy beat D.
J. Healey's Maori Land; I/ewe & Thompson's
Prince Hal beat E M Kellogg" a Lady Oiimore;
Lfiwe & Th< mpson's Lowlander beat H. E. de
B. Lopez's Santiago.
Third round— Gladiator beat Kid McCoy; For
give bent Snapshot; Hrutus beat Susie; States
man beat Magneto; O. K. Capitol beat Wait
a Little; Crawford Lad beat Lady Hugo; Bohe
beat Metallic; Young America beat Sylvanus;
Lfittie M beat Crawford Braes; P.enicia Boy
beat Prince Hal; Lowlander a bye.
Fourth round— Gladiator beat ForgfVe; Bru
tus beat Statesman; Crawford Ijul beat O
X Capitol; Youne America beat Bohe; Lottie
M beat Lowlander; Benicia Hoy a bye.
Fifth round— G!adiut',r beat Hrutus; Young
America beat Crawford Lad; Lottie M beat
Benlria Boy.
Sixth round— Gladiator beat Young America;
Let ti.- M a bye.
Final— Gladiator beat Lottie M.
Kapllns stake for dogs— Aeneld Kennels'
Agamemnon a bye: P. McCabe's Craig Boy
beat P. McCabe's Boney Boy.
Final— CralK Boy beat Agamemnon.
Sapling stake for bitches— R. E. de B.
Lonez's Carmencita beat George Sharman's
Wait a Bit: R. E- de B. Lopez's Pepita
heat J. Mclnerny's Princess Royal. Carmen
cita and Pepita divide the stake.
Moloch Wins at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. June 25.— 1n the cours
ing at Agricultural Park to-day, the card
being a thirty-two dog open stake, Moloch
won lirst money, Nashville second, Stella
B third. Perseus fourth. The rest divided.
There were several surprises, and the
short-enders fared well, notably in the
Kitty Scott-Belle of Frisco course, an S
to 1 shot. The courses were, as a rlue,
long ones, and Staying qua\ities counted
for almost as much as speed. The at
tendance was only fair.
RIFLE ENTHUSIASTS
AT SHELL MOUND
The Shell Mound ranges -'ere patronized
by a large number of rifle enthusiasts
yesterday. They were rewarded by a
splendid day's sport from a marksman's
point of view and good scores were the
rule.
J. E. Gorman of the Golden Gate Pistol
and Rifle Club succeeded in tying the
world's record for pistols at fifty yards
held by E. E. Partridge of Boston. His
ten-shot scores on the standard American
target were 93, 96. 92, 95, 89. Total 465.
Company F, Fifth Infantry, N. G. C. of
Oakland, formerly of the Eighth Cali
fornia Volunteers, held its first monthly
shoot since it re-entered the National
Guard. The scores resulted as follows:
Captain C. L. E. Wenk. 38-41; Lieutenant W.
If. Cobbledick, 39-42-11; L. E. Dailing, 39; H.
P. Bray. 38; J. B. Richards, 37; W. Nordlund,
35; A. Kick. 32-36; A. E. Harbridge, 20-33; H.
P. .Tohansen. 2.1-21-20; H. M. Tyrrel, 20-21; G.
Medau, 31: F. G. Tyrrel. 25; H. U. Bray, 2!';
E. O. Williams. 2:<; S. J. Grimes, 27: A. H.
Luther. 30; L. R. Keller, 29; R. E. Nerney, 20;
'! C. Hanson. 23; J. H. Gunter. 8; Drum
Major Whitlock, Fifth Regiment Band. 36-41.
The scores of the other shooting
organizations were as follows:
Mi nthly bullseye shoot of the Pan Fran
clsco Schuetzen Vereln— John de Wit. 1?,6: O.
Lemcke, -17; F. P. Schuster, 345; D. B. Faktor,
352; T. Rust 479; H. Su-lling. 4RO; John Lan
kenau, 605; Captain .1. Thode, 506; John Horst
raann. 7^>; A. Jungblut, 804; D. Salfleld. 949:
7. Koch, 952 ; N. Ahrens, 1000: W. Garms,
1". Atzeroth, 1101; G. Schultz, li::'; H
Burfelnd. 1282; W. Goetze, 1256; A. Bertelson,
1416; R. Stettin, ir>42.
Monthly medal snoot of the Nordendeutschor
Sohuetren Club— First champion class, F. P.
Schuster, 437; second champion class, not won;
i'.im class, H. H. Burfelnd, #08; second class,
William I". Oarms, 366; third class. O. Schin
kel Jr., S'S: fourth class. Ed Stehn, 34"5; beet
flrst shot, H. H. Burfeind, 25; best last shot,
F. P. Schuster, 23.
Monthly hullseyp shoot nf the Germanla
Schuetzeh Club— D. B. Faktor. 177; J. de Wit,
339; Dr. L. O. Rodgers, SB7; F. Rust. 304; N.
Ahrens Sl9; D. Saifield, G36: William Garms,
IV6; J. Gefkf-n, 808; F. P. Schuster. 573; A.
JungMut. <j62.
Buabnell medal Fhoot— D. W. McLaughlin.
21 ( «; J. Young, 206; A. Stiecker, 215; F. Schus
ter, 202.
Golden Gate Pistol and Rifle Club, team
shooting-Captain F. H. Kushnell. 20$; E. N.
Moore. 191; F. A. Richer. 193; O. Bremer, 204;
total 706. Captain J. E. Gorman, 216; D. W.
Mcl-auylin, 190; C. M. Henderson. ISS; F. H.
Belknap. 156; total, "59.
In othpr team matches the results were: F.
H Rushnell. 808-206-19*; V. W. McLaughlin.
22J-218-2M; A. Strecker. 216-215-212; J. E. Gor
man 224-216-210; E. N. Moore. 223-204-191; O.
Brerner 208-206-204; Henderson, 193-188-186;
Belknap, 200-IS6-170.
Pistol scores— F. H. Bushnell, i6-S2.
Revolver score— Major .1. Tompkins, 76.
Sport in the Handball Court.
The admirers of handball sport assem
bled at Phil Ryan's court, 858 Howard
street, yesterday afternoon. The games
were up to the usual standard, and there
were some lively Minings between B.
Clements and W. Hassell, who played a
single game to decide a long-standing con
test. Clement won by a good score. The
other games won and lost were as fol
lows:
B. Clements 'and M. Maguire defeated
W Hassell and T. Clements. Score:
21—13, 16—21, 21—20. ■ '■■•■--
G. McDonald and P. Steiner defeated
M. McNeil and C. McKinnon. Score:
21—11. 14—21, 21—12.
Kleiber Abbott and J. Sharp defeated J.
Hand and R. Dolan. Score: 21—10, 19— 21,
21—6.
A single hand game— B. Clements de
feated W. Hassell three straight games.
Score: 21—19, 14-21, 21—16.
T. McManus and J. Dooley defeated J.
Nelson and J. Bolster. Score: 21—12,
17—21, 21—15.
W. H. Sieberst and G. Dall defeated P.
Ryan and W. H. Kedian. Score: 21— IS,
10—21. 21—20.
J. White and M. Basch defeated J.
Elliott and D. Regan. Score: 21—16,
14—21. 21-19.
T. Foley and M. Maguire defeated R.
Housman and J. Kirby. Score: 21—9,"
11—21. 21—13.
E. Devine and M. Devine defeated M.
Brady and M. O'Brien. Score: 21—20,
16—21, 21—19.
A. Whiteman and T. McDermott de
feated C. Quinn and M. Kirby. Score:
21—15. 16—21. 21—17.
R. Llnehan and- J. Dowllng defeated
M. J. Kilgallon and E. Foy. Score: 21—7,
12—21, 21—16. -&r0
ADVERTISEMENTS. £.
IT MAKES MEN!
Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Bell.
0
DON'T GIVE UP because
-^Sggjiv drugs have failed to help you
d*^oj^k regain your natural vigor.
JtaSrx^llS There are thousands of men
jF^lP* v+J who have been cured by
•M^ •/ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S
]gg^ I ELECTRIC BELT.
/^r \ I* is ie One means of renew-
m , { \\ \ ing wasted vitality. It simply
Jim f » ) charges the nerves and vital
Ml Hit — Wf jj parts with Electricity while you
Wfr"^^\j£j~' / I ce P- When you get up in the
Bp^^g^g?^^^/ / morning you feel that some-
thing has been added to your
powers — there is a new feeling,
• pScSiopfll! new ener gy» ambition to hustle
B&P \ Call and see meab^ut it op send
W * for my book, ''Three Classes of
Men," which 1 send, closely
sealed, free. Call or direct
Tit* M A M/»T OU/vUlim 702 M»rk,t St., cor. Keimy. S. T.:
JL/F. Hi, A. luCLaUSmiln. Bnrdi k Block, ear. Spring and Bacon!
O ' 6ts., Lot Angeles
Office Hours— a.m. to 8:10 p.m.: Sundays. 10 to L NEVER SOL.D IN DRUGSTORES.
"DUTCH" NEAL
HAS FOUGHT HIS
LAST BATTLE
Death Follows His
Collapse.
BLOOD CLOT ON THE BRAIN
THE PUGILIST UNCONSCIOUS TO
THE END.
The Fatal Result of His Bout With
Peppers Due to the Poor Con
dition in Which He En
tered the Ring.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, June 26.— "Dutch" Neal, the
St. Louis pugilist, who fell unconscious in
the ring last Wednesday night in the
sixth round of a glove contest with Harry
Peppers, the California middleweight,
died to-day without having regained con
sciousness. Neal's death is attributed to
a blood clot on the brain resulting from
overexertion while in an unfit physical
condition. Peppers was arrested as soon
as it became apparent that Neal's condi
tion was serious, and is now in jail in di -
fault of $2000 bonds.
The battle which resulted in Neal's
death took place at the Ade.lphi Theater
and was a six-round contest for a purs.
Neal was given two weeks notice, Dut
when he appeared in the ring he was so
fat and flabby that his condition caused
comment. There was little fighting be
tween the two, but the agile l'-ppers kept
his stocky opponent constantly on the
move, and when the sixth round was
called Neal was puffing badly.
After a minute's sparring I''ppers land
ed a light right on Neal's ear. The blow
unbalanced the St. Louis man. and as he
reeled sideways one of his feet slipped off
the platform and he fell to the floor of the
ring. Referee George Siler had just fin
ished counting ten when Neal rolled out
of the ring onto the floor, his head strik
ing with a noise that was heard through
out the theater. He got up a moment
later, but soon after being assisted to his
dressing-room he became unconscious and
remained so until he died.
Neal was well known in pugilistic cir
cles Among his important battles Was
a knockout of "Billy" Stift several years
ago. He was defeated two months ago
by "Tommy" Ryan.
Police officials say that no further ar
rests will be made in the case, for the
present at least.
MINOR BASEBALL GAMES.
Alameda Alerts Beaten by Terminal
City Wheelmen.
STOCKTON. Juno 2"..— Terminal City
Wheelmen 9. Alameda Alerts 4. That tells
the story of tho ball game here to-day.
Up to the eighth inning the visitors had
got but one of their men across the rub
ber; but good sticking in the eighth gave
them three more. The Terminals made
all their runs in the first three innings,
batting Russell out of the box. Peterson
was substituted, and he held th'>m down
pretty well. Gibbs for the locals in left
held, and Bird, who took care of short,
distinguished themselves. The attendance
was large. The score:
Alerts 0 0 10 0 0 0 3 0— 4 \
Base hits 0 0100222 I—B
Terminals 4 2300000 0-S
Base hits 4 2 3 0 0 110 o—ll
FRESNO. June 25.— Monroe was in fine
form to-day, and pitched the game of hi 3
life, receiving perfect support. Hanford
scored its only run in the ninth inning
after two men were out. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Fresno 6 4 0
Hanford 13 4
Batteries— Monroe and Pwarts; Carter and
Campbell. Umpire— Ferguson.
LOS ANGELES, June2s.— The Los Angre-
I'.s baseball nine gained a victory over
the San Bernardino team here to-day,
winning virtually in the tirst four innings,
when its nine runs were made. San
Bernardino played an uphill game all the
way through. Cobb pitched li/ilf the
game for San Bernardino, but could not
lift the team out of the losing hole. The
result was 9 runs for Los Angeles in eight
innings and 6 for San Bernardino. Scure
by innkigs:
Los Angelas 2 2 2 3 I 0 0 0 •— 9
San Bernardino 0 2 10*120 o—6
VACAVILLE. June 25.— 1n a game of
baseball plr/ed here to-day by the Will
& Fincks of San Francisco and the Vaca
ville team, the San Francisco boys wer-i
worsted by a score of 7 to 6. The Will &
Fincks had but two earned runs to their
credit.
COLUSA, June 25.— A fine game of base
ball was played here to-day between the
Phoenix Club of Sacramento and the Co
lusas. which resulted in a score of 4 to
3 in favor of Colusa. The battery for
Phoenix was Armstrong and Fitzgerald;
for Colusa. Hanson and Beville.
VISALIA, June, 25.— A big crowd was in
attendance at the baseball game this af
ternoon. Score. Merced 10; Visalia 5.
SALINAS. June 25.— The Santa Clara
and Hollister teams played baseball here
to-day. The visitors were victorious.
Score 15 to 5.
SAN DIEGO. June 25.— The game to-day
between the Merchants of Ix)s Angeles
and the Fullers of San Diogo for the
Southern California League championship
resulted in a victory for the home team
by a score of 12 to 0. This places San
Diego in the lead.CITY OF ROSES JOINS
IN TRIBUTE TO DEWEY
JAMES S. SWEET, flayor of Santa Rosa.
Mayor Sweet of Panta Rosa is in hearty accord with the movement to
i statue to Admiral Dewey. He says:
SANTA ROSA. June 25.
To the Editor of The Call: I am heartily in favor of erecting a suit
able monument to Admiral Dewey and in doing something to commem
orate his wonderful achievements in the harbor of Manila, California
contains a large number of wealthy and influential citizens who should
and doubtless will esteem it both a pleasure and an honor to contribute
to such a cause. Such monuments should ba encouraged. They lead to-^he
advancement and beautifying of the Stnte, while back of it all is the
idea that has been popular ever since the world began — that of suitably
honoring the public servant who has added to the honor and dignity of
his native land. I shall de=m it an honor to assist the project in every
way, and now have Mayor Phelan's communication under consideration.
JAMES S. SWEET, Mayor.
"THE CHIMES
OF NORMANDY "
AT THE GRAND
i The stage manager at the Grand Opera
..oi)«>> possesses in perfection the
rhythmic sense and spares no pains to
: w:ork his Ideal Into his reputation. Did
'.ihf-v managers accept him as a mentor
they might earn the right to live In our
. st.eem, and in the words of Plato
"niipht die with the faier hope." Plan
quette's merry opera, "The Chimes of
Normandy," is full of old friends
grappled to the soul of the comic opera
composer this many a day and thrice dear
to us for their very familiarity. The vil
lage maiden of obscure parentage in
search of a family and always found in
flimsy ambush in the nick of time to over
hearrwhat villains and heroes would fain
conceal and to that end talk in the open
at the top of their voices. Or if not In
fl'iihsy ambush perfectly disguised from
her oldest friends behind the meshe3 or a
thin tulle veil.  _
"Consistency, thou art a jewel. inc.
robust and florid Baelll, a ci-devant nt
only for sour celibacy, yet madly in lov-i
with Mademoiselle, a blushing bud of
seventeen summers, he linds his ralson
d'etre as a mouthpiece for the topical
'pong, and with his horse play keeps the
unlettered in a roar. They think he is
funny, and we are under no obligations to
convince them of the contrary. Besides,
perhaps he Is. "We have only as much
of" the world as we can appreciate. The
cruel guardian who would marry beaut}
to' a money chest and break the heart of
a-.tlshermanlover. who sings his tenor
soi-rows in every disengaged ear-ami
dots nothing else. The village Popula
tion that makes a profession of attending
fairs by day and balls by night and has
no explained means of support beyond
the faiOi that God will provide.
They all ring musically in the
"Chime*." bo ably sung by the Southwell
company, with its clever principals and
wcS drilled choruses. The stage pictured
are beautiful, the figures except a few,
moving in perfect time and grace. Those
™w must inevitably find places In the
back row. for lack of time argues a men
tal infirmity. You can trace it from the
tols tip Thomas H. Persse sings the role
of Henri to well merited applause, . but
with a method calculated to break early
1 , rood voice. He carries his middle reg
kter too high and holds his best notes
not at the option of good taste but to the
limit of breath and sometimes beyond It.
The audience approves, but no singer
owes the public bo much effort. If it were
\Vil liam Wolff who did this we should
say "Go on and lose your voice as fast
as possible, for we need you to play the
-Old Musicians" and .."Dunston Kirks'
and "Colonel Prestons" of the future.
His Jaspard was a cameo Edith Mason,
hough lacking in magnetism, makes S*r
polette a most ingenuous hoyden. Miss
Hattio Belie Ladd is a charming Ger
mane and in a Jessie Bartlett Davis qual
tvof! voice sings herself quite Into our
affections! I wonder what subtle poison
lurks for her In the folds of a white gown?
Her charm perceptibly lessens as soon
as she dons one. Even her voice seems
*The enoruses and sextets In the second
art are the gems of the opera, and abovo
the beautiful harmonies the strong, sjm
pfHhftio tenor notes of Mlro Delamotta
rose and foil with infinite sweetness. H ■»
voice will last, for it is well posed and hl3
method good. The shivering trio was
more than well don* 1 , despite the fact that
the Illusion was destroyed by a stage
much too light for groping purposes. llw
enterprise of the Grand Opera-house man
agement deserves recognition and ap
plause. They promise on Monday a splen
did production of the "Lily of Klllarney."
CHARLOTTE . THOMPSON.
SOLDIER, LAID TO BEST
Interment of Captain Cressey's Re-
mnifrs in the National Cemetery.
Kdwnrd Potter Cressey, late brevet lieu
tenant colonel and '-aptaln of the Third
United States Cavalry, was buried yes
terday In the National Cemetery with full
Mnnnnl^ rltos. Service? were held at the
Masonic Temple at 1 o'rlork. a large num
ber of friends, military- and civil, being
present.
Captain Cressey was a graduate of West
Point, rlnss r,f j<v',R. He «erved with dis
tinction and honor throughout the war of
the Rebellion and latterly held posts on
the frontier. For many years he has been
an Important personage In the Masonic
order. Captain Cressey was born in
Delhi Delaware County, New York and
was 63 years old.
Sons of Benjamin.
The grand annual pl<-nir' of the Califor
nia .Lodge No. 113, Independent Order
Sons of Benjamin, was held yesterday In
the Germpnia Gardens at Harbor View.
There was a large crowd In attendance
and President Emll Cohn expressed him
self r»s greatly pleased with the turnout.
The list of gate prizes was large and a
number of useful and beautiful pr
■ v. The occasion was en
i by m;i=ic and dancing. Every one
had a royal good time.
MISS EATON MARRIED
TO BERT DRUMMOND
A Quiet Sunday Wedding
at San Rafael.
A quiet wedding took x>'ace yesterday
at San Rafael, when Hattie M. Eaton,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Eaton of
this city and granddaughter of Mrs. Mary-
Eaton of Burlington, Vt., was united in
marriage to Bert E. Drummond, son of R.
E. Drummond. Horticultural Commis
sioner of T.os Angeles County. The Rev.
William Marshall, pastor of the M. E.
church, officiated.
A reception will be held this evening at
the home of the bride's parents, 8,13
Shrader street in this city, after which
the happy couple will make an extended
trip to Seattle and the leading towns of
the Northwest, returning in the early
part of Septfmber.
Mr. Drummond is connected with one of
the largest navigation companies on this
coast.
RAILWAY EMPLOYES
ENJOY AN OUTING
Three trainloads, containing about 2000
pleasure-seekers, spent yesterday at Sun
set Park in the Santa Cruz Mountains. Tt
' was the occasion of the first anniversary
: of the organization of the Railway Em
ployes' Association, and it was Improved
by all as an opportunity to have a good
time. Dancing and music were the chief
features of the day's pleasure, the floor
being as smooth and che music as good as
could be wished for. F. S. Grummon
made a decided hit as floor manager and
everything passed off serenely under his
supervision.
D. L. Fitzgerald, president of the club,
acted as chairman of the committee of ar
rangements. In his efforts to make the
outing a notable success he was ably sec
onded by P. J. Kelly, the chairman of the
executive committee. A special event of
i the day was a cake walk, in which Louis
s and Miss (Jertie Moore came out
victors. The second prize was awarded to
Jesse Bilvey and Mi<=s Brooks, George
Hubert and Miss Nettie McElroy being a
, good third.
J. J. Donegan Laid to Rest.
The funeral of J. J. Donegan, who died
at his home last Friday, took place from
St. Dominic's Church yesterday. In the
morning a requiem high mass was said
over the remains, which were afterward
intem<! in Holy Cross Cemetery. The
funeral was largely attended by "various
orders to which the deceased belonged
among them being the Ancient Order or
Hibernians, Knights of St. Patrick, St.
Patrick's Alliance. Youne Men's Catholic
Tnion and the Cork Rebels' Benevolent
Association. The ueceased was a well
known merchant and very nopular among
his many acquaintances. He left a widow
and six children. His death occurred at
his home, 610 Larkin street.
Threw Eggs at a Socialist.
John Speak, a socialistic orator who
gathers a large crowd every night at the
corner of Grant avenue and Market
streets, was treated to a fusillade of rot
ten eggs Saturday, and for a time it
looked as if a general riot was imminent.
The eggs were thrown by unknown per-
Bone from the roof of the clothing store
at the southeast corner of Grant avenue
and Market streets. Policemen Murphy
and Marshall, who were in the neighbor
hood, quelled the disturbance, much to
the Fatisfaction of Speak, who contlnin-.i
his address after quiet was restored and
the supply of eggs gave out.
L. Dinkelspiel Dead.
Lazarus Dlnkelsplel, the woll-known
capitalist and founder of the firm of L.
Dlnkelsplel & Sons, died at his residence
1292 O'Farrell street, yesterday. Deceased
was 76 years of age and a native of
I Baden, Germany. He came to Ban Fran
' cisco many years ago and entered Into
! the business of Importing dry goods,
which business grew to large proportions
ias the years passed. Successful In busi
ness, h* accumulated a large fortune. He
Is survived by his widow and seven chil
; dren.
Swallowed Bat Poison.
John Lyons had designs on his life yes
terday evening, and consumed half a box
of rat poison with suicidal intent. The
prompt use of a stomach pump at the
Harbor Receiving Hospital stayed John's
flight up the golden stairs, and he is now
on the road to recovery. The terror of
the rodents was taken at Lyons' home.
Pacific and Powell streets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 26, 1899.
DEFENDS THE
PRINCIPLE OF
UNION LABOR
Rev. J. N. Beard's
Able Address.
STRIKES ARE JUSTIFIABLE
— * _
A LARGE AUDIENCE AT GRACii
M. E. CHURCH.
He Declares That if Low Wages and
Long Hours Mean Civilization
Then China Is in the
Vanguard.
The Rev. J. N. Board of Grace Metho
dist Episcopal Church held the close at
tention of a large audience last night. His
subject was "The Church and the Labor
Unions."
The pastor dealt thoroughly with the
topic of organized labor. While admit
ting the Inadvisability and evil results of
many strikes, he thoroughly Indorsed the
principles involved in the boycott and the
strike, even the sympathetic strike, as
being legitimate means of waging the In
dustrial war between labor -and capital.
In part he said:
"The interests of labor and capital are
not identical, but they are reciprocal.
! Neither can succeed at the expense of
! the other. Labor seeks equality of bar
■ gaining power, and this it can best effect
| through organization. The organization
j of labor tends to prevent the monopoly of
i wealth, because only the strongest bust-
I ness concerns can stand against the ex
| actions of the unions. On the same prin
ciple combinations of capital necessitate
the union of laborers in self defense. Be
cause we cannot differentiate labor from
man it has a humanitarian aspect. Men,
! even considered as laborers, are not like
, so many hales of hay or bags of potatoes,
to be bought and sold without reference
ito their humanity. Laborers demand a
' living wage, but this does not mean a
1 simple subsistence. We are all interested
• In a high standard of living for laborers
! as well as others, because this is a eon
; dltion of a high civilization. If low wages
and long hours mean civilization then
China is in the vanguard. I cannot be
lieve that any man who must give all his
, waking hours to the struggle for bread is
I a free man.
"All unions are Interested In attaining
i their legitimate objects by conciliation,
■ when possible, but they are all ready to
I report to war. in the shape of strikes and
boycotts, when necessary. Between labor
! and capital, as between nations, arbitra
tion and peace are most probable when
I each is able to care for Itself; in other
: words, to prepare for a strike, by thor
ough organization, is frequently to avert
one. The feeling which prompts the harsh
treatment of non-unionists at the time of
a strike is natural and founded on Justice,
, though not justifiable If It proceeds to
lawlessness.
"While there Is no defense for many
things done under the name of hoycott,
the principle cannot be successfully at
tacked. This congregation Is constantly
recommended to boycott saloons and such
institutions. Concerning sympathetic
strikes, where men with no grievance of
their own strike to assist their fellows. I
can only say that my earliest recollec
tions are connected with the great war
of the rebellion, which was nothing more,
in one aspect, than a great sympathetic
strike. And the same remark applies to
our recent war with Spain. In another
aspect trades unionism is also an active
check on the importation into this coun
try of undesirable, cheap foreign labor."
AUTOMOBILE CRAZE
REACHES THE CITY
Tn the line of accidents It was extreme
ly quiet at the park yesterday, but the
police and hospital physicians are antici
pating a brisk time in the near future.
The automobile, or horseless carriage,
craze has assumed such proportions In
the East that many of the wealthy of
this city have determined to get in line.
In fact, there are a few of these four
wheeled machines in the city at the pres
ent time, but owing to their horse-fright
ening propensities they have up to date
been excluded from the park. San Fran-
Cisco must be up to date, however, the
wealthy say, and the eoulne animals of
this commonwealth might as well prepare
for the worst.
In consequence It is said that in a short
time the Park Commissioners will be
called upon to revoke their order exclud
ing machines from the park calculated to
stampede horses, and allow the automo
biles free access. It is during tr| process
of initiating the horses and consoling
them upon their ultimate consignment to
the canning factory that the police and
surgeons anticipate a busy time, but they
are ready for all emergencies.
M-rrilf Owens, an insurance clerk, who
resides at IS3O O'Farrell street, was ar
rested by the bicycle path policeman for
fast cycling. When taken he was going
at a great speed and submitted to arrest
with apparent indifference. On the way
to the station, however, he met a crowd
of his friends, and the policeman says
that all hands jumped him and endeav
ored to release the young man. When
Captain Thompson heard this he ordered
the prisoner locked up for the offense, in-
Ftead of warning and then releasing him,
as in done when people violate the cycling
law for the first time.
The usual crowd assembled at the
Chutes yesterday and enjoyed the various
features, as did the guests at Sutro
Baths. The results of the aquatic con
tests at the baths are as follows: Fifty
yard dash, novice— H. Seehach first. J.
Laird second. 100-yard dash for juveniles—
M. Gardner first. F. Faker second. 100
--yard amateur race— T. Cook first, C. Royal
second. 100-yard tub race— W. Dunford
first. A. Bandain second, C. Augustus
third. High diving for boys— Won by R.
Cooke, C. Augustus second. Trick and
fancy springboard diving— Won by C.
Royal, C. Augustus second.
THREE PARLORS GOING TO
NAPA FOR THE FOURTH
Fourth of July -will be celebrated jointly
by Mission and Precita Parlors, N. S. G.
W., and Yosemlte Parlor, N. D. G. W.,
and the celebration will take the form of
a grand river excursion to Napa.
The steamer Zinfandel has been char
tered for the occasion and will leave San
Francisco at 5:45 p. m. on July 3, arriving
at Napa at 10 o'clock of the same evening.
The visiting parlors will be the guests of
Napa Parlor, N. S. G. W., at a grand ball
Immediately on the arrival of the steamer.
On the morning of the Fourth there will
be a parade with several novel features,
and In the afternoon a picnic, basaball
game and bicycle races. In the evening
another ball will be given in the new pa
vilion, which will be opened for the first
time. The baseball game will be between
nines from Preclta and Napa parlors.
The steamer will leave Napa on the re
turn trip at 12 o'clock, midnight, and ar
rive in the city at 4 o'clock on the morn
ing of the sth.
An enjoyable time is promised all those
who attend. A fine band of twenty-four
pieces will accompany the excursionists
and there will be dancing and concerts
both going and coming.
The committee of arrangements, which
is working indefatigably to insure the
success of the affair, consists of H. L.
Hartman, chairman; L. G. Shade, A.
Tiedemann, Fred C. Gerdes and Frank H.
Mills.
Theosophical Society Meets.
The Universal Brotherhood of the The
osophlcal Society held a meeting last
night in the Academy of Sciences Hall.
H. B. Monges delivered a speech on the
real and Ideal, after which the meeting
was thrown open for a general expres
sion of views on various theosophlcal sub
jects, and some very Interesting and In
structive discussions ensued.
CAMP MEETING OF THE
HOLINESS ASSOCIATION
OAKLAND. June 25.— The Paci
fic Coast Holiness Association
will hold a camp meeting at
Keulah Park. East Oakland,
beginning June 29 and contin
uing over two Sundays. The associa
tion was organized in ISSO by a few
earnest Christians, who felt the neces
sity of more aggressiveness in certain
lines of religious activity. Represent
ative^ were sent out all over the
coast, and many of th<# various forms
of mission activity now manifest had
their origin in the work established by
the society.
The first refuge home in San Fran
cisco that became a permanency was
founded by the society and is now one
of the most successful of the Florence
Crittenton homes. George Newton, the
president, was the first presiding offi
cer. He was formerly a Methodist
minister, beginning his labors on this
coast thirty years ago, and has been
identified with the holiness movement
for twenty years. He will superintend
the present camp meeting. Mr, New
ton has recently opened a benevolence
in Oakland called the Christian Home
for Unemployed Girls, and contem
plates the establishment of a home
for wornout aged people.
HELPED US TO EMPIRE
IN THE PHILIPPINES
When the Pacific Mail steamship City of
Rio de Janerlo docked last evening she
: landed three distinguished passengers
; who have had considerable to do with the
making of history since last their feet
i touched the soil of California.
They are Captain N. M. Dyer, who com
; manded the Baltimore at that famous bat
.' tie of Manila Bay; Captain M. A. Waiker,
I who commanded the Concord, and J. C.
] Wise, medical director of Admiral
Dewey's fleet. The three officers are on
their way home after having completed
: their terms of service on the Asiatic sta
, tion. They will remain in the city but
a few days, when they will proceed to
their several homes, whence they will
report to the Navy Department for duty.
It is not likely, however, that they will be
detailed for active service for some
. months to come, as the department will,
j no doubt, give them a chance In which
! to recuperate and see something of tneir
j families before again calling upon them
! for their services.
When seen last evening at the Occi
-1 dental they were disinclined to taJk. Too
modest to speak of their own exploits and
i —with the example of the jovial Coughlin
still fresh In their minds— too politic to
■ criticize affairs in the Philippines, they
! confined themselves to expressions of
satisfaction at once more getting home
' and inquiries after news of the world
they have been so long shut off from.
When questioned concerning the cap
; ture of Hollo and the protest of Captain
i Wilde of the cruiser Boston against Gen
• eral Miller receiving his promotion as a
reward for taking the place, they had lit
tle to say beyond a statement indorsing
: Wilde's action and claiming for the navy
the credit of the capture and occupation
of the city.
Captain Walker left Manila and went as
far as Hongkong with Dewey on the
; Olympi.i. He reports the admiral in good
th, though considerably run down and.
exhausted from his long strain of anxiety
j and responsibility.
Captain James M. Forsyth relieved
Captain Dyer in command of the Balti
more and Captain Walker was relieved of
1 his command of the Concord by Com
mander Seth M. Ackerley.
WANT THE BERLIN RAIL.
Teamsters and Improvement Clubs
Making a Fight for Bet
ter Streets.
A general movement is on foot in the
city to compel street railway companies
to adopt the Berlin grooved rail, in pref
erence to the T rail now in use. It is
claimed that this rail presents a smooth
Burface and not only adds to the appear
ance of the street, but is a great con
venience to teamsters and drivers gener
ally.
At the meeting of the Draymen and
Teamsters' T'nion held Saturday reso- j
lutlons requesting the Board of Super
visors to compel railway companies to
use this rail were adopted, and similar
action was taken by the executive com
mittee of the Richmond Improvement
Association at the instigation of E. P. E.
Troy. >
Rio Janeiro in Port.
The Rio Janeiro arrived from the Orient !
yesterday afternoon and docked at the
i Pacific Mail Steamship Company's dock.
1 She brought the fumigated mail of the i
Nippon Maru and about forty cabin pas
i sengcrs. among whom were Captain N.
M. Dyer and Captain Asa Walker of the
; navy. No Incidents worthy of mention
occurred during the voyage, and agree
able weather caused the trip to be a very
pleasant one. Mrs. Anna Cummlngs, sec
retary of the C. P. R. R. and S. P. R. R.
Mutual Benefit Association, was also on
the passenger list.
Accidentally Shot.
Michael Monahan was shot while in the
saloon of A. Schwedt at the corner of
Florida and Twenty-third streets last
night by the accidental discharge of a
Winchester rifle. The rifle was upon the
draining board in the rear of the bar, and
in some way while drawing the beer
Schwedt struck it and discharged it. Ine
bullet passed through the counter, also
through Monahan's leg and into the body
of a dog. Captain Gillln had the wounded
man removed to the City and County Hos
pital, where Dr. J. A. Lane dressed the
wound, which Is not serious.
Fractured His Ankle.
W. McMillan of the Journal of Com
merce while jumping from a car at Larkin
and Eddy streets yesterday morning frac
tured his right ankle. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital and later to the
City and County Hospital.
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO.
Ln IIFfiFN Manufacturer of Beitlfiw and
I. l/LUCt^, Lnco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 563.
BOXER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
' Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Oeary Street. Above Powell,
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Bupt H. BLTTH. M«t.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. SecondandSteren.
nuUINUIUH 06 UUi son Sts. TeL Main 4
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I AC' RAYF? £m Shipping Butchers. 1M
4AJ. DUIIO tt Wt f Clay. Tel . Mala 1294.
GEORGE NEWTON.
COL. C. R. GREENLEAF
TALKS OF THE WAR
A good-sized audience filled the First
Presbyterian Church last night to hear
Colonel Charles R. Greenleaf, medical In
spector of the United States army, speak
of his experiences In Cuba and Porto
Rico. Colonel Greenleaf, who is here to
take charge of the sanitary affairs of the
troops returning- from Manila, was the
medical inspector of the Eastern camps,
where the soldiers were quartered after
having served in the tropics. He had
under his direct supervision at Savannah
13.000 and at Harrisburg 6000 returned
soldiers.
The colonel said that during the war
one thought had often occurred to him,
and that was that the people at home had
little conception of the suffering and
misery that was incident to war. He con
tinued: "The first six months or year of
a wnr are very productive of sickness. It
takes about that time to teach a soldier
how to keep his person and surroundings
clean. The prime duty of the medical
staff is to gauge the percentage of sick
ness among the soldiers for the first half
year. We count on about 15 per cent of
sick men to S per cent of those Injured in
battle. The Red Cross societies of Europe
an' organized under more favorable con
ditions than ours. They have the advan
tages of centralization and systematic
distribution. The necessity of these two
things in this work is one of the lessons of
the war."
The speaker described the condition of
the troops when he reached Siboney in a
very graphic manner. He said: "it was
impossible to keep the men from exposing
themselves. They seemed entirely de
void of caution and could not be kept
from the infected houses. One incident
touched me deeply," eald he. "The hos
pital at Siboney was crowded. Every
nurse and attendant had come clown with
the contagion. At my request a captain
of the Twenty-fourth (colored) called for
volunteers from his company to act as
nurses. The company stepped forward as
one man."
After describing some interesting inci
dents of the Porto Hican campaign, the
colonel told of the scenes and conditions
in Cuba. He said that Senator Proctor's
letter before the war does not begin to
express the suffering. He saw more suf
fering, more dreadful misery in tftat
island than in all the rest of his lifetime
put together.
Officers Elected.
Following are the. officers chosen by
Cathedral Council, Y. M. 1., for the en
suing term: Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast
V. G., chaplain; John D. Mahoney, past
president; Edward J. Dollard. president;
W. Chester Keogh and Walter E. Dorn
vice presidents; John J. Clifford record
ing secretary; John M. Hyland, financial
secretary; T. J. Farrell, corresponding
secretary; P. p. McCarthy, marshal: Dr!
\\ . C. Hopper, medical examiner; Will
iam Rattlgan. inside sentinel; James
Reardon. outside sentinel; Daniel C
Deasy, W. F. Humphrey and Rev E p"
Dempsey, executive committee. Edward
J. Dollard and Rev. E. P. Dempsey were
chosen as delegates to the Grand Council.
Liberty Lodge, Knights of Honor will
on the 3d of July install the following
named, chosen as officers for the ensuing
term: Thomas Billingslea. past dictator-
James A. Johnston, dictator; A E. Cohn
vice dictator; John Furness. assistant dic
tator: Ben I. Salomon, reporter; W. J.
Langstaff, financial reporter; R. A A
Summers, treasurer; Augustus Johnson'
chaplain; Arthur E. Rowe, guide- L, Mr-
Mahon. guardian: George Fox. sentinel-
William Cellarrus, organist; William J
Thomas, Frank Laurence and B. E
George, trustees.
New Charter Democratic Club.
At a meeting held Saturday evening at
Washington Square Hall the New Charter
Democratic Club of the Forty-fourth As
sembly District effected a permanent or
ganization and elected the following offi
cers: President, Dr. L. D. Bacigalupl:
vice presidents, IT. Gutstadt. Dr. Harold
yon der Lelth, John B. Campodonieo
Philip P. McMahon and Charles Gay
secretary, E. J. Sullivan. Two hundred
and fifty-four members have signed the
roll. Meetings will be held every Wed
nesday evening.
Demand Merriam's Recall.
NEW YORK, June 25.— District Assem
bly No. 4, Knights of Labor, at a meet
ing to-day unanimously adopted resolu
tions demanding General Merriam's recall
and court-martial on account of his action,
in the Coeur d'Alene labor troubles.
Big Offer for David Garrick.
NEW YORK, June 25.— The owner of
David Garrick was offered $20,000 for the
horse, which offer he refused.
The deer really weeps, its eyes beine
provided with lachrymal glands.'
HARDWARE.
DA LACE Hardware Co.. Importer! and Deal-
r >m In hardware. 603 Market: tel. Matn7sl
IRON FOUNDERS.
Wentem Foundry Morton & Hedley. Proo^
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery D».
scrlptlon Made to Order. TeL Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMFTTF P LP AND paper co.,
lI ILLMITIL 111. 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTINO.
EC HUGHES, 5 u
THE HICKS- CO, tSaSJn'&S^
STATIONPR ANO PRINTER. !
™SS2? 'PARTRIDGE S»J?S:
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Arentfl and public Weigher*. Gen-
eral Storage, pre, and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
era! office. 210 California at. Tel. Main I*l4.
WATCHES, ETC*
Tf lINHY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LtnUl. is-k. Wedding Rings. 4 M «t.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
, Mined by th«
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
! GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Js the Beet Coal In the Market.
Office and Yarda— lfiO Mala BtmC»
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 25. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 60 1 San Diego 66
Fresno 80 Sacramento 70
I<os Angeles 74 ' Independence 80
Red Bluff 721 Yuma 100
San Luis Oblspo ... 68!
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
58; minimum, 50; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy and threat
ening ever the northern portion of the' Pacific
Slope and in Utah and In Arizona. Light
showers and thunder storms have occurred
generally throughout the country west of the
Rocky Mountains except In California.
The pressure has risen except along the coast
of Oregon and Washington where there has
been a slight fall.
The temperature has risen over California
and Southwestern Oregon and fallen decidedly
over the remaining portions of the Pacific
Slope.
From San Francisco northward In California,
In Northern Nevada and in Utah and Arizona
the weather Is threatening and light showers :
with thunder storms in the mountains are
probable to-night and Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight June 26:
Northern California— Cloudy and probably
scattered showers to-night and Monday in the
north portion; fair in south portion; warmer In
the interior; fresh variable winds.
Southern California— Monday: fresh wes
terly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy with showers in the north
portion Monday; fair In the south portion.
Utah — Showers Monday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday with show- J
ers in the east portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— and some
what threatening Monday: fresh west winds.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thortly of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlph and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, JUNE 26.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column nnd the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
pecond time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when Ihere are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundlnps on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference la the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, June 25.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, 29 days
from Hongkong-.
Aup Ftmr Slam, Ralclch, 86 hours from
Nanalmo.
Stmr Corona, Debney. 61 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 16 hours from
Whltesboro.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, SO hours from Moss
Landing;.
Bk Rufus E. Wood, McLeod, 100 days from
Sydney.
Bk Carondelet, Stetson, 9 days from Port
Ludlow.
' SAILED.
Sunday, June 25.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, .
Stmr George Loomls, Brldgett. Ventura,
Rtmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, .
Stmr St. Paul. Hays, St. Michael.
Stmr Weeott. Burtls, Eureka.
Schr Allen A., Schage. Kahulul.
Schr J. B. Leeds, NeUsen, Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 25. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 14 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, from Hongkong, etc.,
for San Francisco, has been ordered Into quar
antine off the port of Honolulu for seven days.
Per Btmr City of Rio de Janeiro— Left Hong
kong May 27, 4:45 a. m., for Yokohama, via
Inland Sea: arrived at Yokohama June 5.
Left Yokohama June 7 at 10:53 a. m. Experi
enced fair weather and light winds to Hono
lulu. Left Honolulu June 18 at 4 p. m. To
San Francisco had fine weather and light NE
winds. Arrived at 3:36 p. m. June 25.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 25— Schr Roy
Somers, hence June 6.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 24— Bktn Tain
O'Shanter, from Ludlow.
Sailed June 25— Schr William Hentoh, for
Tacoma.
TACOMA— Arrived June 24— Stmr City of
Puebla, from Townsend. Stmr Washtenaw,
hence June 20.
Sailed June 20— Stmr City of Tooeka, for
Dyea.
NEAH— Passed June 24— Schr Q. W. Watson,
from Tacoma. for Tahiti.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived June 25— Schr
Kin* Cyrus, from Chemalnus, for China.
NESAH BAY— Passed June 25— Stmr Queen,
from Tacoma, for Dyea. •
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 25— Schr
Twilight, hence June 18.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 25— Btmr Noyo,
hence June 24.
FORT Arrived June 25— Schr Mary C,
hence June 24.
TACOMA— Arrived June 25— Schr Metha Nel
■on. hence June 7.
NEWPORT— Arrived June 25— Schr Esther
Buhne. from Eureka.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 25— Schr
Defender, hence June 11.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KAHULUI— SaiIed June 14— Schr Muriel, for
Honolpu. June I.l— Bg Lurllne, for San Fran
cisco. To sail June 17— Schr William Bowden.
tor San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 13— Haw bk R. P.
Rithet, hence May 28. June 15— 8tmr China,
hence June 9. June 16— Br schr Retriever,
from Hongkong. Sehr LUlebonne, from Grays
Harbor. Haw by Diamond Head, hence May
28. June 17— Jap stmr Nippon Maru, from Yok
ohama. Bktn 8. N. Castle, hence June 4. Bk
S. C. Allen, hence June 4. Stmr Rio de Jane
iro, from Yokohama-
Sailed June Schr H. D. Bendlxon. for San
Francisco. June Ship Standard, for San
Francisco. June Stmr China, for San
Francisco. June 17— Bktn Irmgard. for San
Francisco. Ship Aryan, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 26— Stmr La Ga»
cogne, from Havre. Stmr Maasdam, from Rot
terdam.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 25— Stmr
Prince Resent LuttDOld. from New York, for
Bremen.
Sailed June 25— Stmr Bremen, from Bremen,
for New York.
QTTEENSTOWN— Arrived June 25— Stmr
Italia, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Sailed June 25— Stmr Etrurla, from Liver
pool, for New York.
MO VILLE— SaiIed June 24— Stmr Anchorla,
from Glasgow, for New York.
HAVRE— Arrived June 25— Stmr La Touralne.
from New York.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE!
fe fc* fe
THIS DAY .
MONDAY. June 26. at 11 o'clock, at 11«
GOLDF.N* GATE AYE.. I will sell 40 head of
work and driving horses to highest bidder. In-
cluded In this lot is one handsome bay pacing
mare, very fast, 16 hands high, perfectly gen-
tle for lady to drive; stands without hitching;
also 2 well broken saddle horses. No reserve
or limit.
S. WATKINS & CO., Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE
OF
<afffejb c^iSfcv /^£b&
w^a^; tHs?"gfe»«
CARRIAGES, ROBES AND HARNESS. 85
NEW SURREYS, BUGGIES, PHAE-
TONS, WAGONS AND TRAPS.
E. E. AMES VEHICLE CO.,
20 McAllister st.. near hibernia
BANK.
Dealers' opportunity. Closing-out sale. No
reserve. Retiring from business.
TUESDAY, June 27, 1899, at 11 A. M.
CHASE & MENDENHALL. Auctioneers.
. Successors to Kllllp & Co.
[ DR PIERCES ?
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOQP.LIVER. LUNGS.
/^\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
Am&M 025 KEABNY .ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 UEABNY ST EstabHehea
In 1M54 for the treatment of Private
Wl Ajbk-^Sli Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
{gftSQggjgjih disease wearing on body and mind and
«3Hwfi%jS|s|§ Sklu Diseases. The doctor cures when
■*J&3SK&£Ha others fall. Try him. Charges low
£*>. »»35SPg£SI <urf»!riiarinitfpd. Callorwrltew
j If r. J. if. •tiBISO.V Box 2937. 5 ac Francisco
OCEAN TEAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Ihfe^ Steamers leave Broadway
' f^TVmi wharf. San Francisco:
tSE&Sfi^. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
■BR^H^ June 15, 20, 25. »0; July i.
EKfiJMVIKa change at Seattle.
H Isls&Eß J&l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
\St ICi&SI C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^SHgafiMJ Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
T 10 a. m., June 16, 20. 28, 30;
July 6. and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamer* for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Jnn*
18, 28, 28; July 8, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (Pan Luis Oblspo),
| Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
I San Pedro. East San Pedro (Lob Angeles) and
j Newport. 9 a. m.. June 17. 21. 25, 29: July *.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (LoB Angeles), 11 a.
m.. June 16. 19. 23, 27; July 1, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Eneenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La. Pax. Santa Rosalia,
and Quaymas (Mm.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
nth.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
and h"iir« of pulling.
TICKET .OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS *: CO.. Gen. Agta.,
10 Market Ft., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *1 " 2 First Class Including Berth*
IAiIC $8 Second Clas* and Meals.
Columbia sails June 22; July 2, 12, 22.
State of California sails June 17, 27; July T.
17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butts,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
. B. C. WARD, General Agent.
430 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
rTW TORK. Southampton, loitooh. pa»i\ .
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Ever*- Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Juiy ?fVew York August 3
New York July 12 Ht. Louis August 9
St. Paul July 19lst. Paul August 18
RED 6TA<? LINE.
Kensington July rl-Vdria July M
Noordland July 12 South wark ..August I
Friesland July 19 1 Westernland ...Aug. S
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
EMPIRE LINE.
«e*»t*'«. 6t. Mlshasf. Daw*r»-« O»t,
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KEEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with •steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Railing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 2t
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market Ft., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamshios
Sail from New York Every Saturday fo.*
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
€aloon PassnO.r . $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. $35. Other Steamers, $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome, $25.60. ' Furnessia. $24.50. Other
Strs., $23.50.
For Book of Tours and information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents, 7 Bowline Green. New York.
Or J. P. FUGA7.I. 6 Montgomery st.,
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St..
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery St..
SAN FRANCISCO.
flfmniUMl The S. S. Australia
IEDHIr sails for Honolulu
• Monday, July 3, at I
I p. m.
t*^S^l S. S. Marlposa sails
i^pamcnint) via Honolulu and
Q)lCdllljlllU t/ Auckland for Sydney
fSIIIR(WM~ Wednesday. July 12,
VyilipUlwT at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Sues.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COXPAOIfIS GENERALS TRANSATI.ANTIQ.tnL
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <2SJX|i£i
from Pier 42. • North River, foot of * J " um "f*
Morton st LA GASCOGNE. July 1; LA
CHAMPAGNE. July 8; LA NORMANDIE. July
15? LA BRETAGNE. July 22; LA GASCOGNE.
July 29 First-class to Havre. $65 and upward.
6 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to Havre $45: 10 per cent reduction on round
trip GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hud-
son building). New York. J. J. FUGAZI *
CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.»
j San Franclsco^^^^_^^^^___^__^^^^__^ -
BAT AND BIVEB STEAMEBa *
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN . .
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at C p. -m.
dally (excepting Sunday). AND IMP. 'CO.
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 806.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AHD VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., g
p m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock, -
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FAKE , M*r^-
78
HOTEL NYMPHIA
OBJECTORS ARE
READY TO FIGHT
Will Appear Before
the Supervisors.
APPLICATION TO BE OPPOSED
CLAIM A SCHEME IS ON FOOT
TO DEFEAT JUSTICE.
Borne Strong Reasons Given by a
Prominent Citizen Why the
"Home of Infamy" Should
Be Suppressed.
Property owners and residents of the
North Beach district are still up in arms
against the "Hotel Nymphia" project. It
would seem that the residents of the dis
trict in which the proposed hotel is to be
situated are alive to every move of the
men who have Its future in their keep-
Ing. To-morrow, when the Fire Commit
tee, of the Board of Supervisors meets, it
will be confronted by an array of the
leading spirits opposed to the Nymphia.
Rev. Father T. Caraher of St. Francis,
Rev. Dr. I'rmy of the First Methodist
Eepiscopal Church, Captain John Foley,
P. A. Buckley, John J. Dudey, Captain
P. Conni r and Walter Eager, with the
aid of their attorney, John J. Barrett,
will try and convince the committee that
by granting a permit to the owners of
the buildings fronting on Stockton street
from 1108 to IVI2 it will disregard the
wishes of a majority of tlu; residents in
the northern part of the city and will b3
a promoter of vice.
t the foremost objec
tors the plan of the owners of the build-
Ing adjoining the Hotel Nymphia to s<
cure permission to make alterations on
their property Is an ignoble one and is
simply for the purpose of excavating
their basement with a view to making it
parallel with that of the Nymphia and to
lie used by its inmates. This plan they
hope to <!> feat by exposing its purpose to
the Supervisors. In discussing the mat
ter last night this gentleman, who pur
poses appearing before the Fire Commit
tee on
"It will be out of the question for the
moral people of North Beach to allow
such an institution to be planted at their j
doors. N one half knows the injury it :
will do to our young men and women. '
There is no Christian city in the world in
which such an infamous institution could j
SHARKEY THE STAR OF
THE GLEN PARK SHOW
The Ex-Sailor Spars Four Rounds With Spider
Kelly and Makes a Speech to an
Admiring Multitude.
PT'GILIST TOM SHARKEY, the self-styled "champion heavyweight of
the world." was the stellar attraction at Glen Park yesterday afternoon
and no one appreciated that fact more than the ex-sailor. Sharkey was
billed to box four rounds with Spider Kelly at the pleasure resort and
several thousand people swarmed out over the hills to the scene of the prom
ised exhibition. Many of them had never had the honor of gazing- at the
muscular form of the pugilistic wonder and they were determined not to
overlook the present opportunity.
The exodus from the city commenced about noon and for the next four
hours the electric cars on the San Mateo line were taxed to their utmost ca
pacity. Passengers clung to the sides and rear and even clambered upon the
roofs of the cars, and when driven from the latter hung by their hands to the
sign that ran along its edge. Others clung to the window frames and to one
anoth-r until thore was nothing left to cling to. Occasionally a passenger
lost his grip and went rolling and tumbling along the road, but, although sev
eral of the victims received severe shakings up, they invariably refused to
give up thr- trip and retire for repairs.
The "event" took place at 4 o'clock in a 12-foot ring that had been erect
ed on a raised platform in the children's playground. Both boxers appeared
promptly on time resplendent in green tights. Kelly was first introduced by
the master of ceremonies as the lightweight champion of the Pacific Coast.
When the sailor was introduced as the heavy-weight champion of the world
the crowd yelled and Sharkey smiled his thanks. Tim McGrath was next
introduced as the referee and the boxers went to work.
Sharkey looked big enough to swallow his shadowy opponent, but Kelly
ducked and .sidestepped in the most approved fashion and the blows aimed at
his head usually went wide. "Dewey's Destroyer," as Sharkey has rechrist
ened his good ri?ht arm, was not brought into action to any great extent, and
to that fact the Spider probably owes possession of an undamaged anatomy.
The sailor was as live as a cricket, however, and although Kelly was suffer
ing from a severe case of indisposition the exhibition was eminently satis
factory and met with the unqualified approval of the audience. At the
conclusion of the bout the crowd Insisted upon a speech from Sharkey,. and
their desire in this direction was gratified. Sharkey is not an orator, but he
has sufficient "savey" to stop when he has said his say. Here is his speech
"Ladies and Gentlemen:* I am pleased with my reception here to-day, be
ing the first time in a year I have showed here. Now you all want to see the
big championship fight. I am willing to fight here, and if the Glen Park
Club will put up as much money as the Eastern clubs I will give them the
preference.".
"Good boy, Sharkey; you can do him," yelled an admirer in the crowd
and every one, including the sailor, joined in the laugh that followed Man
ager H. I. McGill of the Glen Park Company says he has secured all the
back.rig he needs and is confident of being the successful bidder for the con
test between Sharkey and Jeffries.
"I will post a forfeit of $2500 to-morrow," he said yesterday, "guarantee
ing a purse of $40,000 for the fight. Of course some of the Eastern clubs are
talking of offering $50,000, but they will not put up that amount. Our offer
Is genuine, as the forfeit shows." ,
be erected. The move against the Hotel
Nymphia Is now growing, but no one can
tell what will happen if fhe projectors of
the vile scheme are permitted to carry
their plans to completion. The people of
this vicinity are strongly opposed to the
hotel, and if their wishes are overridden
there is a danger of an uprising not only
of the residents of North Beach but of
the entire city. The alleged North Beach
Improvement Club, which met last Tues
day night in this district, was organized
under the direct supervision of the Twin
Star Company, the corporation fonnea to
house the fallen women, and was brought
Into life for the purpose of giving some
support to the venture.
"Another reason why the scheme should
not po through ts that it is on our main
thoroughfare and the building will have
to be passed by the children on their way
to school. Again, this city gives promise
ofbecoming a military enter, and if the
Nymphia Is allowed to exist soldiers will
congregate around its doors in inebriated
states and no self-respecting women will
dare visit the vicinity. There are a hun
dred and one reasons why tTie Supervisors
should refuse the permit, and we will
enumerate them on Tuesday."
A PANEGYRIC ON
ST. ALOYSIUS
The feast of St. Aloyslus was fittingly
celebrated In St. Ignatius Cathedral yes
terday. Solemn high mass was celebrated
at 10:30 o'clock. The music was beautiful
and highly Impressive. Rev. George Burk
hard, who delivered the sermon on St.
Aloysius, said in part:
If we read the lives of the saints atten
tively, we will \if forced to admit that the
words of the prophet are most suitable to the
saint whose least we commemorate to-day.
The mercy of God has renderd him -wonder
ful during his life and after his death. Won
derful In life for his holiness and the heroic
virtues which he practiced: wonderful for be
stowing ui»m him the graces which made him
BO renowned In the church; wonderful In
heaven where merits raise him to an eminent
degree of highness and glory; wonderful on
e.-irth after his death fur the many miracles,
cures w. irked after the healing of the body and
the Fanrtlfiration of the BOUI.
The virtues and the greatness of St. Aloysius
are too sublime and admirable for us t.i de
scribe. Look at the picture of Aloysius as
represented by sacred art. You will se* the
saint with downcast looks holding a Illy, a
tit emblem ol hi* Bpotless purity. Then you
will see a crown and a skull, emblems of his
utter contempt of the world, and finally be
h"|d a discipline nrid a crucifix, symbols of
his spirit and penance. It represents to our
D Inda the continued efforts of the saint for
acquiring virtue and sanctity and exhorts us
at the same time to follow his example. It is,
therefore, both edifying and instructive to
make these symbols the subject of our con
sideration.
The speaker then went on to develop
these different emblems, showing how the
innocence and the purity of St. Aloysius
was truly wonderful: how from his ear
liest childhood to the day of his death it
characterized all his thoughts, words and
actions. Continuing, he said:
What an example for our admiration and
imitation. Alas, very few imitate him in his
purity and innocence, but all can Imitate his
spirit of penance. This is what the church
calls upon us to do in her prepared address
to the saint. Oh, (iod. distributor of celestial
gifts, who hast united In the angelical youth,
Aloysius, a wonderful innocence to an equally
wonderful penance, grant that we who need
follow his Innocence may imitate his penance
to Christ, our Lord, amen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 26, 1899.
PASSENGERS IN
A WRECK NEAR
POINT LOBOS
A Train Runs Off the
Track.
TWO COACHES CROWDED
NARROWLY ESCAPE GOING
OVER THE CLIFF.
More Than Three Hundred Pleasure-
Seekers Headed for the Cliff
House Had a Thrilling
Experience.
For a few awful seconds yesterday
afternoon more than 300 passengers on
the Ferries and Cliff House Railway felt
as if they were hanging in space pre
vious to a frightful fall down the cliffs
overlooking the Golden Gate into the wa
ters of the Pacific, a hundred feet below.
Women and children shrieked In the
agony of fear that their last moment had
come and that they were going to death
beneath the waves over the jagged rocks.
Men shouted in the universal panic, and
some jumped madly for their lives. In
some manner, little short of miraculous,
the catastrophe was averted, and the
frightened passengers live to tell the
tale.
The accident occurred shortly after 2
o'clock to the train that left the Cen- |
I tral avenue station for the beach. It was j
i made up of an engine and two coaches,
the seating capacity of which were test-
I ed by the crowd of holiday seekers going
for an otuing to the sea shore. Just bo
fore the train reached' the tunnel near
Point Lobos the engine, from some un
known cause, supposed to be a spreading
rail, jumped the track and thumped along
on the ties. The coaches followed one
after the otner. jolting frigmfuily and
i swinging heavily from side to side.
The track at the point of departure of :
tlif train was not more than fifty feet
from the verge of the cliff, which ri.ses
more than a hundred feet almost sheer
from the waters beneath. As the pas
sengers felt the wheels under them buinp
i ing along on the ties and realized that i
' the locomotive was plunging ahead wildly. !
1 with no rails to hold it in the prescribed
direction, their minds were filled with
visions of a fall over the face of rocks
!to Inevitable death. It would be impossi- i
: bio to describe the scone that ensued.
i Those who had gained their feet at the i
first bump on the ties rushed wildly to j
and fro in the small spaces between the
seats. Those who were nearest the side*
of the coaches jumped out, unmindful of
the speed of the train, preferring broken \
bones with a rhance of life ashore to
death in the ocean. Others less fortunate
ly situated were forced to keep to the
coaches, which before they could make
up their minds what to do stopped, the
engtfteer having shut off steam the in
stant he felt his wheels slip. From the
Becond he reversed his throttle till the
train was brought to a standstill was ten |
si conds of a suspense which will never be i
forgotten by those present. The mere
fact that the train was approaching a
tunnel accounted for the fortunate cir- I
cumstance that it was not being run at y
a high rate of speed. Had it been going
at its usual ' rate nothing could have
averted the catastrophe.
Alter the cars had come to a stop the
passengers alighted and made their way
afoot to the Cliff House, preferring the
walk to another experience in the coaches
that had nearly proved their coffins.
Traffic on the Ferries and Cliff House
road was obstructed the remainder of the
day while the wreckers were at work
dragging the engine and cars back on the
track. They were still busy at a late hour
last night.
SPIRITISM SHOWN
IN A NEW LIGHT
Rev. D. V. Bowen of the New Jerusa
lfm (Swedenborglan) Church delivered a
H>rmon on "Spiritism in the Light of the
.%cw Church" to his congregation last
evening. He chose for his text Tsaiah
vlii:l9: "And when they shall say unto
you seek unto them, that have familiar
spirits, and unto wizards that peep and
mutter, should not a people seek unto
their God?" In part he said:
During the past week we have had quite a
discussion In uur papers in regard to "Spirit
ism." Two scientists have just found out what
to them is very remarkablo — that spirits can
communicate with m<>n. The Hishop of Sacra
mento, while acknowledging those communica
tions, believes them to be very evil spirits from
angels who made an Insurrection in heaven and
were cast out into hell. Kut this is according
to Milton's idea. It is not taught in scripture.
Now, as it is well known that Swedenborg
claimed to have communications with the
spiritual world, saw and conversed with good
and evil spirits and with angels, and so much
is said in our sremons and in new church writ
ings generally in regard to the influence of
spirits and angels. It Is not at all strange that
one of the first questions asked by those who
are Investigating the claims of the new church
is, How does it differ from modern spiritism,
and in what respect does Swedenborg differ
from Andrew Jackson Davis and other me
diums?
The speaker then went on to show the
teachings in the Bible on the subject. He
said the scriptures showed there were two
kinds of communications, one a direct rev
elatlon and the other unauthorized and
forbidden. The first was composed of the
prophets and apostles, and the second of
necromancers, wizards, soothsayers and
"seekers unto the dead."
"The most zealous spiritist." he contin
ued, "will not claim that spiritism is a
divine revelation. The communication
from mediums are of a mixed character,
good, bad and indifferent. There is noth
ing given by modern mediums more than
was known to the new church 100 years
ago. Swedenborg received his doctrines
from the Lord while reading the word and
meditating upon it. He was a seer, not a
medium. The new church system is the
science of theology, the science of relig
ion and the science of divine and spiritual
influence. These new revelations were
the second coming of the Lord in spirit
and in power. They show how scripture
should be understood. They harmonize
seeming contradictions, clear up absurdi
ties, explain parables, unfold interior
truths and throw a flood of light upon
everything that concerns us as Spiritual
beings."
DRINK PUTS A
HOE IN HIS HANDS
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson gave the last
of his sermons of "The Man With the
Hoe" series last evening. A good-sized
audience filled the Howard Street Method
ist Church. He spoke in part as follows:
You have known from the beginning that
the man with the hoe stands for the struggling,
hopeless, submerged part of our population,
\vli(.sr> roll only enables them to subsist In the
hardest of conditions. It is the custom to blame
capital, to blame our land law.", to blame our
social conditions, and I think with justice. But
I am here to tell you that the degraded laborer
Is also himself to blame for this degradation.
Ills personal habits and the business he pat
ronizes and defends has the most to do with the
degradation of our laboring classes. Liquor, as
the statistics show, is responsible largely for
the condition of many in the laboring classes
to-day. There are other wrongs to be righted,
wrongs that are oppressive. Kill this one, how
ever; grlve us a sober laboring class from top
to bottom and you can trust the workingmau
sober to Intelligently deal with all other oppres
sions.
WANTS THE CHILDREN BACK.
Mrs. C. J. Allen Seeks to Regain Con
trol of Three Girls.
Mrs. C. J. Allen, who about two years
ago had three children taken away from
her at her home, 378 Natoma street, has
consulted an attorney with a view to re
gaining control over them. It is claimed
that the California Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children took action
in the case on the receipt of an anonym
ous letter and all sorts of allegations
have been made concerning the manner
In which Mrs. Allen waa treated in the
matter. She states that an unfair advan
tage was taken of her, and she desires to
set herself right before the public and
consequently will seek to have the chil
dren given back to her.
The children, whose names are Nellie,
Phoebe and Echo, were left on Mrs.
Allen's hands by their mothers, who had
grown tired of paying for their support.
Nellie Is now with a Mrs. Biter In Mill
Valley.
Several ladies, among others Mrs. Clara
Price. Mrs. A. Lyons and Mrs. M. Norton,
believe Mrs. Alien's story and have en
listed the sympathies of M. M. Foote in
her behalf. " What the nature of the pro
ceedings will be in the endeavor to have
the children turned over to Mrs. Allen has
not yet been decided upon. In discussing
the subject yesterday Mrs. Allen said:
"I love those children as if they were
my own and all I ask is that they be
given back to me. I will acknowledge
that appearances were against me when
the officers cane to investigate The case,
but I had been working very hard to sud
port the little ones and myself and did
not have the time to take care of them.
They had plenty to eat, however, and I
kept them comfortably clothed. The poor
little things had been deserted by their
mothers, and I had not the slightest In
tention of deserting them. I could not
give them such a home as a rich woman
might, but I did the best I could.
"It is peculiar how interested the
officers were in the case. I have heard It
said there was money coming to one of
the children, but which one I do not
know. At all events it looks as if they
would deprive me of any possible benefit. "
CYCLER WASTIE RIDES
A FAST FORTY MILES
Covers the Distance Between Oakland
and San Jose in Record-Break
ing Time.
SAN JOSE, June 25.— E. B. Wastie, a
member of the Oarden City Wheelmen,
lowered the record to-day between Oak
land and this city. He rode the distance,
a shade under forty miles, in 1 hour 46 1 £
minutes, being paced by four tandem
teams.
The best previous time made over the
road by a single rider was one hour and i
fifty minutes, to the credit of Eddie O. |
Kragness, the great road rider of Olym- I
pic Club Wheelmen, San Francisco. !
Wastie was delayed en route. The tire of j
his wheel punctured once, compelling !
him to change to another machine at I
.Alvarado. He was stopped three times '
between Milpitas and San Jose by a long j
freight train, which blocked his way.
The tandemites who assisted him were
Fred. Larder, Daniel J. Francis, Milton
Francis, Louis Smith, "Pie" Barnes and
J. C. Smith, all members of the Garden
City Wheelmen. Larder and Francis !
started with Wastie and accompanied him
throughout,
ON THE CRICKET FIELD.
' Banks and Insurance Men Defeat All
Comers at Alameda Grounds.
The I>anks and Insurance team of
cricketers defeated the All-Comers yester-
I day at Alameda by the narrow margin of
seven runs. Arthur Diekenson, captain
j of the All-Comers, won the toss and sent
the banks and Insurance men to the bat.
Saunders and Croll took one wicket each,
and the rest fell to Sloman and Diekenson,
the former taking four wickets and the
latter five. J. J. Moriarty and Fane Se
well were the only batsmen to get double
figures, the former scoring 25 and the lat
ter 15 runs. Out of a total of 94 runs il
were extras. After disposing of their
opponents for this moderate score, tne
match looked an easy thing for the All-
Comers, but Sewell clean bowled Slo
man for 2 runs; W. Reeves was caught off
him for .'', and A. Diekenson added but 1
to the total. F. Croll made the best
jscore of the day— ST. and H. Bird con
tributed 17. The whole side was out for
87 runs and the All-Comers lost the game
by 7 runs. Twelve men were played on
each side. The official score Is appended:
HANKS AND INSURANCE: TEAM.
.T. Myers, C. SeelK»ck, h. Saunders 5
C. Simmonds, c. sub., b. Croll 4
.1. .1. Moriarty, b. Dlekenson 2.1
Kane Bewell, b. Sloman I.',
C. I. Coles, b. Dlekenson 5
G. J. Theobald, c. Reeves, b. Sloman 4
H. Ward, b. Sloman 0
W. Q Portman, c. Croll, b. Dlekenson 9
H. Ward. b. Sloman 0
H. P. Q. Gordon, c. H. Bird. b. Dlekenson.... 8
P. C. Drifflpld. n.'t out 2
W. G. Belwood, b. Dlekenson 0
Byei 7, leg byes 2, wldes 2 11
Total 94
Runs at fall of each wicket-^1 for 5. 2 for 21.
I for 4S. 4 for 64, 5 for 62, 6 for 66, 7 for 67, 8
for 83, 9 for S6, 10 for 92. 11 for 94.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. M. R. W. Avge.
rroii :■: 3 is i is
Saunders 36 2 14 1 14
E. Hird 30 1 9
Bloman ....• 66 . 20 4 5
Dlekenson 64 . IS 5 3 3-5
ALL-COMERS' TEAM.
E. G. Bloman, b. Sewell 2
F. Croll, c. Drlffleld, b. Sewell 37
W Reeves, r. Coles, b. Sewell 3
R Hird. c. an.! h. Driffield 0
A. Dickenson, c. Driffteld, b. Sewell 1
G. Hellmann. b. w., b. Simmonds 4
J. H. Saun.l. c. Myers, b. Drlfneld f>
H. Bird. o. Simmondß, b. Sewell 17
V. Seebeek. I. b. w., b. Sewell 8
O. J. Thomas, c. Myers, b. Sewell 3
F M. Gunn, not out 2
A. W. Wilding, c. Myers, b. Sewsll 0
Byes 3, leg bye 1, wide 1 5
Total 87
Runs at fall of each wicket— l for IS, 2 for 2S,
3 for 2S, 4 for 34, 5 for 44, 6 for 53, 7 for 57, 8
for 79, 9 for SO. 10 for 87.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. M. R. W. Avge
Rewell 78 1 41 8 6 1-8
Drlffleld 72 1 29 2 14 1-2
Simmonds 18 19 19
■Colea 14 .. 2
On July 4 It Is proposed to have a match
on the Webster-street grounds, Ala
medal, between a scratch team of city
cricketers and an eleven of apprentices
from the British ships In the harbor, the
British apprentices' team to be under the
management of the Rev. W. H. L.
O'Rourke, one of the chaplains of the
Seamen's Institute.
CUT WITH A PENKNIFE.
Result of a Fight Between Patrick
Lynch and Another Pugilist.
Patrick Lynch, an amateur pugilist liv
ing at 32 Chesley street, quarreled with
another fighter at an early hour yester
day morning, and they adjourned to a
stable at Seventh and Bryant streets to
fight it out. How many rounds were
fought Is not known, but Lynch's op
ponent got on top of him, and, drawing
a penknife from his pocket, drew it across
Lynch's thorax.
Lynch was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Dr. Bunnell stitched and
dressed his wound; but he refused to re
main, and insisted on going home. He
declined to give the name of the man who
cut him, but the police expect to arrest
his assailant.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles R. Hawthorne to Emile A. Perry,
lot on E line of Wood street, 175 S of Point
Lobos avenue, S 25 by E 144:7; $10.
A. H. Lochbaum to Charles Cleve. lot on S
line of Post street, 118:3 W of Webster W 25
by S 137:6; $10.
Lucy M. and Charles M. Delano to J. P.
Verses, lot on NE corner of Clay and Stelner
streets, B 25 by N 102:SV 4 ; $10. •
Henry and Catherine Black and Jacob and
Caroline M. Bertz to Mary C. Fottrell, lot on
W line of Flllmore street, 29 S of Clay S
31:8V 2 by W 118:9; $10.
Andrew and Marie Young to Jennie C. M<£-
Cauley, lot on SW corner of Page and Baker
streets, S 27 by W 100; $10..
David NeaKle to Bertha B. Nestle, lot on
NW corner of Page and Ashbury, N 25 by W
106:3; Rift.
Seth W. Cllsby to Ethel C. Becht. lot on N
line of Frederick street, 50 E of Cole, E 25 by
N 110; gift. -
Hlbernla Savings and J-nan Society to W. A.
Tracy, lot on N line of Adalr street, 145 W of
Howard. W 25 by N 75; $1560.
John C. and Martha E. - Lawson to Annie
Knox. lot on E line of Guerrero street 178 N
of Twentieth, N 25 by E 90; $2750.
Selden Leonard to Hlbernla Savings and
Loan Society, lot on E line of Valencia street
•SO S of Twenty-third, S 120, E 130, N 90 E l"o'
N 30, W 250; $5.
, Lizzie Carr to City and County of San Fran
"cisco, lot on W line of San Jose avenue 520
S of Twenty-fourth street, W 149, S 64, E 51
E 98, N 63:2, being real estate which lies with
in the limits of Twenty-fifth street when ex
tended from San Jose . avenue to Guerrero
street; $6000.
Estate of William B. Carr (by Lizzie Carr,
administratrix) to same, lot on W line of Son
Jose avenue, 520 S of Twenty-fourth street W
295, S 64, E 200. E 98. N 63:2. being same; $6000
George B.McLay. to Ruth McLay, lot on W
line of Bryant avenue, 75 S of Mariposa street
W 100 by S 125; sift.
Potrero Land and Water Front Company (a
corporation) to James I Lawrence and i Frank A
Parkhurst, lot on E > line of De Haro I street,
125 S of Army (Colusa), S 50 by E 100; $50. v^,.
-W. V. and'- Marie L. ; HunUngton : to Joseph.
Lange (wife of William A. C), lot on S line
of B street, 82:6 E of Seventeenth avenue, E
25 by S 100; $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to John W. Mul
lins, lot on SW corner of Forty-seventh avenue
and J street, W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
William M. Hoag to Frank A. Urmson. lot
on SW corner of Burrows and Harvard streets.
W 240 by S 400, lots 1 to 8, block 153, University
Extension Hd; $5.
Ernest C. Stock and Margaret Stock (Mur
phy) to Olive Verkouteren, lot on SE line of
Arlington st, 268:4 NE of Miguel, NE 53, SE
90, SW 53:8, NW S5, block 36, Falrmount
Tract; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to Mary Hanson, same;
$10.
Annie Sorrell (single) to Mission Home and
Loan Association, lots 9 and lU, block U, Park
Lane Tract No. 5; (2000.
Builders' Contracts.
David Abrams (owner) with William Linden
(contractor), architect Phillpp Schwerdt—Ex
cavation, concrete, brick and carpenter work,
etc., except painting, plumbing, mantels, ihadea
and gas fixtures for a 3-story frame building
with basement on S line of O'Farrell street,
127 W of Lacuna, W 25 by S 120, Western Addi
tion 229; $5665.
Charlotte F. Clarke (owner) with Sidney Wal
ker (contractor), architect Albert Sutton— All
work except plumbing, gas fitting, elevators,
electric wiring and steam heating for a 7-story
ami basement brick building on SE corner of
O'Farrell and Mason streets, S 87:6 by E 55;
$50,000.
Same owner with George H. Tay Company
(contractor) architect same— Steam heating and
hot water boiler for same on same. Roughing
in is complete and heater set, JK2S; completed
and accepted, $825; thirty-five days after, $550;
total, $2200.
Same owner with Richard Rice (contractor),
architect same— Plumbing, gas fitting, sewering
and redwood tank for same on same; $12,994.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GRAND HOTEL.
A Manlove, Selma Miss Salisbury, Cal
Mrs M B Corwln, N T M Leete, Cal
Miss M Mclntyre, N V W Ruauth, Chicago
C H Field, S Jose Mr & Mrs Nolde, Mont
E H Webster, Mexico J D Small & w, X;tah
B M Foote, USA • J E Harper. Reno
J Kullman, Benlcla I A Jensan. Cal
J W Rea, San Jose IS C Cornell, Merced
Mrs R A Harlow. Uta J E Shellenberger.
H M Grant, Portland Ohio
J M MeGee. Cal J A Murtagh, USA
H F Smythe, Cal J Lee. (nl
J McConaghy, Cal F H Stoddard, Cal
L F Brenner, Sacto C Aull, Folsom
C A Hammond & w, F B Dexter, Plymouth
Cal L J Lederer, Halto
H S Cunningham, Cal J C Mogk. Colusa
B Selle, Cal D Levy, Williams
H Gundlach, Cal :T J Mumma & fam,
F Belknap, Cal ] Cal
E B Stone, Cal Mrs W H West, Cal
J H Doyle, Vallejo Miss West, Cal
G V Blackle, Cal R A Brownie* & w,
H H Ranlett, Sacto VaJleJo
R II Van Voorhles, I K Bancroft, Merced
Sacto J M Strienlncr, Cal
J F Mason, Cal J Russell, <\il
W S Johnson, Cal |C J Jones, Stockton
A H Rertlngton, Cal M Kllcullln. St Louis
F W Merrill. Cal M Leach. Plymouth
PALACE HOTEL.
O D Banks, Chicago JH R Ayre, Mexico
Mrs W H Corwin, X YiMrs H R Ayro, Mexico
A H Hincinson, Boston iK Avre. Mexico
.T G Baker. Oeden Dr S Heoht. Milwukee
Mrs L .1 Miles. Hanfrd J D Langworthy L An
Rev A Magrlun, Bait IE I^angwnrth, L Ang
Rev R N Wakeham, E Langworthy, Londn
Baltimore F T Sutherland. I'lacnr
W IManth. Chiuago X Lord. Philadelphia
Mrs I! 8.-hremls. N V Mrs M 3 Sinclair, City
HC Brown. N V Bessie Gilbert, City
C I' Broslan. San Josec s Hamlin, Boston
H W Hammond, MlchlMrs C S. Hamlin. B.wtn
R A Herron, L^s Ang]Banm Bismarck. Germ
W J Wallace. Canada Baron yon Heyl, Germ
J R Leonard. Plttsbg A A McCarthy lowa
X X Hum. Pittsburg iMrs A A McCarthy, la
J 1) Downing, Pittabg G A Bu.ler. St I^iuls
J R H Bvans, I'ittsl>g:Mrs G A Buder. St L
W O Kirkland. PitUbgl
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Williams, Cal C Goff & w, Cal
J Welnner, Sactn G F Nicolas, N V
H .1 Thomas, Arizona Q Andrews, Boston
A Frisbie & w ('ul .1 Mulray, Baltimore
G R Frisblp. Cal IT J Walker, Portland
P H Hojiklns, Cal .1 McPursey, Cal
V <; Nicolla, Cal H Williams & w. Cal
J F Pfeffer, Merced A Banks, Cal
Mrs M A Harrison, P C Hunt, Cal
Oregon J Picton, Cal
F Barmote, Arizona
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Cull, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until '9:3o o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky pttyetn: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, „ jy —
K. T.. Golden Gate Building, C 25 Sutter fif*T
St.— Special assembly THIS EVENING £21
at 8 o'clock. The order of the Red l w
Cross will be conferred. All fraters v
are courteously invited.
,T. C. CAMPBELL Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _A^
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal^/fV
Arch Masons Meets THIS EVENING. TTV
M. M. and P. M. degrees. /▼ >
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ■
M., will meet THIS (MONDAY) A,
EVENING. June 20, at 7:30 o'clock. XLX
Third degree. By order of the Mas-/V^
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. M
M.. THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at _Jv.
7:30 o'clock. Second degree. By order jKjf
of the W. M. /V^
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) ,Jk
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- iff jt
gree. By order of the W. M. /xT^
H. C. BUNKER, Secretary Pro Tern.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 2CO. F. and m
A. M., Franklin Hall, 1839 Flllmore J^
st. -Third degree THIS (MONDAY) frjf
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By order*V>
of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
100 AMERICANS wanted to form the nucleus
of a society for the preservation of American
Individuality and manhood. Box 4526, Call.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external, Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. IC2S Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
. — ____^ _
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made: i
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
' CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hnrtmnn Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
— —^^ — .^ — — ..
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Continental Building
and Loan Association of California, 222 San-
pome st., has declared for the six months
ending June 30, • 1899, a dividend of 6 per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, 7 per
cent on one-year term deposits, 10 per cent
to class "F" stock, and 14 per cent to class
"A" stock. WM. CORBIN, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary St.— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends; 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1899.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco. 33 Post St.— For the half
year ending June 30. 1899, a dividend ' has
been declared at the rate of 3 and six-tenths
(3.6) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Saturday
July 1. 1899. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The German Savings
and Loan Society. 626 California st— For the
half year ending June SO. 1899. a dividend ha«
been declared at the rate of four (1) per
cent per annum on term deposits and three
and one-third (S 1-3) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable a
and after Saturday July 1. 1899.
GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California St.. corner Webb—
the half year ending with the 3C..i of June.
1599, a dividend has been declare*? at the rate
. per annum of four (4) per cent o, 1 term de-
posits and three and on»-thlrd (3 1-3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday July 1, 1899.
T nVFT.T, WHITE. Cashier.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ~~~
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel, Black'l32l.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant £6.
SITUATIONS ANTED FEMALE.
TWO Scandinavian and one German first-class,
• superior cooks, with best of references, wish
situations. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. ; -.".'.',
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation: ref.;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS waitress desires sttuatlon; best
ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. •
FIRST-CLASS ' girl desires situation; " under-
stands German and American cooking; - best
ref. : city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. • . '
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
■ uatlon: ret. v MIS 3 CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. •
SITUATIONS WANTED Continued.
SWEDISH housegirl, good cook, 2 years last
place. Ad. or tel. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
GERMAN middle-aged woman, good cook and
housework, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist,
strong and willing, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter Et.
COMPETENT laundress and houseeleaner
wants work by the day: terms $1; best refer-
ences. Box 4527, Call office.
Wi 'MAN' with a boy 9 years old wishes situa-
tion n the country; small wages. 211 Third
■* room X, Address C. C.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements. 2545 Mission st.
2 EASTERN girls with first-class references
want ljlaces; one second work, the other
housework. 37 Rausch St., between Seventh
and Eighth, Howard and Folsom.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
situation for genera! housework in small fam-
ily; no washing; city or country. Box 4711.
Call.
YOUNG girl (Scandinavian) wishes situation
for general housework and plain cooking;
wages 515. Call or address 314 Preclta aye.,
near Folsom st.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes a place on a
ranch; is a good cook and housekeeper. Ad-
dress 136 Fifth st., near Howard.
SITUATION wanted by strong German. 30
years old, as Janitor, night watchman or work
in wholesale houF;; references. Box 4782, Call.
WOMAN wishes work by the day: houseclean-
ing, washing or Ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
COLORED woman to do UDstalrs work and
sewing, or travel as lady's maid or as nurse
or at housekeeping. Call 918 A Geary Bt.
FEW engagements for nursing by the day; can
speak German; furnish reference. MRS. G.,
box 4522. Call office.
POSITION as working housekeeper wanted by
Eastern woman. 912 Howard Bt.
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at home.
150 Fourth st., rooms 12-13, first floor.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggace to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
_best help. 414"' O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
AS bartender by a respectable sober middle-
aged German-spoaking man; good personal
references. BARTENDER, 87 Third st.
POSITION wanted as manager, cashier or
bookkeeper by a first-class man of experience;
very highest references given; thoroughly
posted on Pacific Coast trade; can give cash
bonds. Address box 4513, Call.
RELIABLE young man, handy with tools, de-
sires a position: wages moderate; city or
country. Address 2 weeks,, box 1821, Call
office, Oakland.
YOUNG married man wlsn^s work of any
kind, can handle 2 to 4 horses; strong and
willing and sober; best of references. Box
4757 Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man with ex-
perience in cigar business; best of reference.
Address box 4528, Call.
BAKER— City or country, steady Job; bread
and cake. 157 Lexington aye., bet. Eigh-
teenth and Nineteenth sts.
POSITION in grocery store or butcher shop as
deliver)' clerk by young man 17 years old.
2328 California st.
HONEST, willing boy wishes position in of-
fice or wholesale house. ISII Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS hardwood finisher wishes a posi-
tloa 1300 Turk st.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
NOTICE— For the accommodation of waitress-
es who are working and who wish to go
to the country this office will be open from
8 to 9 p. m. ; see list of positions- now open.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary_st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Phone Grant 185.
6 waitresses, water resort $20
4 waitresses, Santa Cruz 20
3 waitresses, same springs 20
Head waiter, springs 30
2 waitresses, mountain resort 20
Waitress, Lake Tahoe 20
6 waitresses, resorts near city 20
Waitress, Tocaloma 25
2 waitresses, Cazadero 20
Waitress, Napa, mountain resort 20
Head waitress, commercial 30
2 waitresses, commercial hotel 22 50
25 waitresses for hotels at Fresno, Marys-
ville, Oroville, Woodland, Jamestown,
Sonora, Healsburg, Stockton, San Ma-
teo and city 20
4 chambermaids to wait, city and country 20
5 woi .'n cooks $25, $30 and 35
6 fancy ironers for San Jose and Val-
lejo $30 and 40
And for private families, girls, cooks, house-
girls, etc., for city and country, $15 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WAITRESS for State of Nevada, $20, fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid. Port Costa,
$20 and fare paid; waitress. Glen Kllen, $20;
waitress, Trinity County, $15; chambermaid
and wait one meal, $20, Woodland; waitress,
same place, $20; chambermaid and waitress.
Sun Maten, J25; 10 waitresses and chamber-
maids, city. $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
TWO housework eirls. Belvedere, $25 each; a
mother and daughter as cook and second
girl, boarding house, city, $30 and J35. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOTEL cook. $35 to $40. mother and daughter,
$.:f>; cook. $25; second girl, $20; nursegirl, $10;
houseßlii, $2.'>; S housegirls, $2f>: 2 young girls
to assist, $15; French second girl. San Jose.
$25, see party here; ranch cook. $25; boarding
house cook, $25: waitress, $20; waitress, coun-
try hotel, fare paid. $20; second girl. Oakland,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIVE waitresses, different country hotels, $25
and $20; chambermaid to assist waiting, sum-
mer resort, $25. MURRAY _ READY, 634-
-636 Clay st.
RESPECTABLE girl for general housework In
country: good cook and one kind to children;
Catholic preferred. Call bet. 9 _ 12, 912 Capp.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged lady to do light house-
work and take care of children; $10 per
month. 642 Minna st.
WANTED- Young woman to do housework;
sleep home. Apply 3148 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 3
In family. 2211 Buchanan st.
BRIGHT apprentice girl for ladies' tailoring.
COHN, 332 Sutter st.
GIRL for custom work and button holes. 143
Larkln st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework at 1330 A
Hayes st. t
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on pants. Ap-
ply at 854 Folsom st.
GIRLS wanted to work on vests. 339 Kearny
St., room 11.
WANTED— Elderly woman to care for a child.
719 Brannan st.
WANTED— Waitress. 7 Taylor St.; $6 a week.
WANTED— A girl to work as waitress in res-
taurant. 1300 Turk St.
I WANTED— 2 young ladles for quiet resort;
Eastern preferred. Box 139, Call office.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32>,» Fremont St.; apply to Mr. Davis.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. 606 Leavenworth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages; sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage nald. «
HELP \\ AN 1 i:i>— MVI !■:.
WANTED— Dairyman and wife, $40 and chance
to board men; fruit farmer and wife, $50. J.
!■-. fIMSKTT & CO.. ill's Sa.TamentM st.
WANTED— VaIet for gentleman. $40; refer-
ences required: French preferred. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Carpenter for mine, $3 a day; five
quartz miners, $2 50 a day; and 500 other
men for all kinds of work: situations too
numerous to particularize In advertising.
Call and PEE WHAT WE HAVE
before going elsewhere. J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WAITER, country hotel $25
Cooks for small hotels and boarding
houses, near city $35 and $40
Milkers $25 and $30
Farmers $1, $1 25, $1 50 and $1 75 per day
5 miners, half fare paid $2 per day
4 laborers, same mine $1 75 per day
3 men handy with carpenter tools, for mine;
steady job at $2 per day; and others.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
CARRIAGE painter for country shop. $2 50 per
day. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
MACHINIST for country shop, $3 per day and
Bteady Job; 2 machinists for other shops, 25c
per hour. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Blacksmith for mine, steady Job, at $2 50 per
day; blacksmith helper for country shop, near
city, 20c per hour; also helper for ranch,
steady job, $30 per month and found.
Teamsters $125 per day and board
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— To-day; a steady man for perma-
nent place, will pay $15 per week, with chance
of increase; must have $60 cash; experience
not necessary. 1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED— Good barber; steady lob. ADDIy
871 Market st. y \
HELP WANTED— Continued.
t MURRAY & READY... . MAINE 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
• WANT MONDAY FROM 7 A. M
J 3 carpenters, sawmill and railroad company. •>
5 $3 day; 3 young men to drive butcher's gro-
cery and bakery wagons, city and country
$15 and found
■, FREE FARE
$42 and found 65 miles $42 and found
12 four horse teamsters $42 and found
3 foremen, $30 and found 3 gardeners
BIG WAGES
12 common laborers, no experience, 10 hours,
$75; 12 common laborers, no experience, 8
hours. $60; 26 four horse teamsters, free fare,
I $42 and found
23 laborers Government work
; Men wanted for street railroads
GOLD AND SILVER MINES
66 laborers, no experience required, anybody
i will suit, wages $60. $50, $45 and $30 and
found ....;
, BLACKSMITHS— BRICKLAYERS
12 blacksmiths, horseshoers. also helpers, $3,
$2 50, $2 day, $60. $45, $50, $30 and found: 3
s stonemasons, $2 50 day; machinist; 4 brick-
layers ror a mine, $4 day
HAY AND HARVEST HELP
124 hay and harvest hands, $2 50, $2, $1 50 and
$125 day and found
i DAIRIES AND KARM HELP
96 orchard, vineyard and farm hands for
every county in California, $30, $26, $25 and
found .' ,
3 stablemen, $30, $25 and found: 30 choremen
and boys for ranches, $20. $15, $10 and found..
MARRIED
4 farmers and wives $40, $35 and found
i 1 man and wife, wife to cook, 7 men, for
harvest crew, man to do chores about same,
$40 and found, no objection to 1 child •
...MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
MONDAY
FREE FREE
2G laborers for a great sawmill company, no
experience required, anybody will do, wages
$26 and found per month and you will be ad-
vanced to different work at higher wages
ALSO
Head donkey man Log fixers
Tree fellers Bark peelers Jackscrewers
Spool tenders Crosscut sawyers
Woodchoppers Tiemakers
Mill bench hand Pattern-maker
Screwturners and 60 men to pile lumber
Wages $75, $70, $65, $50. $40. $35, $30 and found '
ANYBODY
Can pick fruit, work In packing-houses, dig
small trenches so water can run down be-
tween vines and trees; wages $26 and found,
fare $1 25; for a California bank
WARE HOUSE WORK
10 men for warehouse work $45 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
MONDAY FREE MONDAY.. ..S. P.
COAST RAILROAD
Teamsters and laborers $2 and $175 day
MONDAY FREE MONDAY
MONTEREY VALLEY
Teamsters and laborers $2 and $1 75 day
MONDAY FREE MONDAY
To 9 other railroads
Drillers, headermen, teamsters and laborers,
$3, $2 50. $2 and $1 75 day Remember,
free to-day v .
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHER 3
29 cooks for hotels, boarding houses, mines,
ranches, harvest and hay crews, saloons,
springs, etc., $60, $50, $45, $40, $30 and $25
and found
9 second and third cooks
$40. $35 and $25 and found
WAITERS
17 waiters for hotels, springs, resorts, res-
taurants, saloons, bakeries, etc., $30, $25 and
$20 and found
11 dishwashers $25, $20 and $15 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
IRONER and polisher. Tyler machine, $35 and
found. MURRAY & tEADY. 634-636 Clay st.
BARKEEPERS .... BUTCHERS ....BAKERS
Bartender, country, $45; assistant barkeeper,
$20 and found; 3 porters, city and country....
5 second hands $35 and $30 and found
3 third hands $30, $25 and $20 and found
2 first hands $40 and found
3 butchers, shops, mines, etc., $35 and found
Laundrymen Tailor Bootblack
Pantry help, etc
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
SLAUGHTERER for a large mine $65
Driver. German, city milk wagon
$25 and found
Polisher, laundry $30
Laborers for iron works $1 75 and $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
No Office Fee.
Free Fare.
100 Men Wanted
to-day only.
Ship Monday and Tuesday .
for Valley Railroad. »
Scraper Holders, $2; Shovelers, $1 75:
Teamsters, $25 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agents y
104 Geary st. ..
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 135
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fry cook. Lake Tahoe $40
Second cook, country h0te15.... 540, $50 and $60
Cooks and wives $75 and $60
Cook. $50: dishwasher, $25; waiter $30 .
Cook and helper, country hotel $65
Baker, $60: cake baker HO
3 baker's helpers, $2": third baker $30
10 dishwashers, potwashers, vegetablemen.
$25 and $20
Washer and starcher, country hotel $40
Polisher, $50; 3 pantrymen $25 and '10
Head waiter, country hotel $50
10 waiters, $30 and $25; 4 German waiters.. »2s
Elevator boy ■. $16 50
Shampooer and wife for the springs •
Hostler, country hotel, $30, free fare "
SAWMILL AND WOODS _
Head donkeyman. $55; edgerman. $55
Sawyers, $60; timber fellers, $40
Woodchoppers, tiemakers
Wheelwright, $2 a day; grading foreman, $3
a day
Ranch smith. $30; buggy washer, $50
Gardener, $25
20 farmers, $1 25 day; 10 farmers, $30
Bench hands, planing mill, $2 75
FREE FARE. .COAST ROAD.. FREE FARE
10 tunnel headers $2 50
10 tunnel corner men $2 50
Teamsters, laborers, $175 and $2
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
i 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Man to drive a milk wagon in city,
$35 and found; references required. 610 Clay
street.
WANTED— 2 locomotive engineers and 2 brake-
men. Apply JAS. A. McMAHON, 210 Spear
street.
YOUNG man, 16 to IS years of age, to act as
porter in restaurant. Call 1390 Turk St.,
city. .
WANTED— Two good painters. 742 Pacific st.
WANTED— in a bakery. Apply 1529
Polk st. J. A. JOHNSTON.
BARBER— Young man with three years' ex- '
perience. 763 Mission st.
YOUNG German man for grocery store. Call
1440 Pacific st. ■ _____
BAKER as third hand at 2439 California st.
AN experienced waiter. 246 East St.
YOUNG German to work in saloon from 6:30
a. m. to 2 p. m.: $5 week. 414 Sansome st.
BOOTBLACK wanted in barber shop. 544 Clay .
at.; wages $5.
BOY wanted for grocery and bar; apply to-
day. Ed Gorman. 1419 Folsom.
MAN to work half a day for board and lodg-
ing. 2759 Mission st.
WANTED— lmmediately, a horseshoer on th«
floor. 351 Third st. ■
ERRAND boy for tailor shop; willing to learn
the trade preferred. 339 Kearny St.. room 11.
2 GOOD painters. Apply this morning bet. 11
and 12. 2SOI Twenty-fourth St.
WANTED— Piano player. Apply bet. 10 and 12,
Cineograph Parlors, 747 Market st. Neat.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale cheap on ac-
count of departure. LURLINE BATHS.
BOOKKEEPER.
Lumber and milling business.
Can get good salary
In addition to dividends.
By purchasing my interest. $.750.
HOO-HOO, 5867, Oakland Cal.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $3
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $1 90: board $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B STOUT'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, somo
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission St.,
bet. l&t and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver, House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and. team-
sters on railroad work; fare • Oakdale -to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
SOLDIERS, 41 sailors or heirs desiring' pensions,
travel pay, etc. see L. M. SHERWOOD. 612,
sixth floor, Examiner building. San Francisco. ,
WILSON House, 775 Mission st. near Fourth— '
100 modern rooms with hot, old water; free
baths; electric lights: elevator ;2:c to $1 night.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)- 160 rooms, day,
week or mo. ; • xtes, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
PARTNER wanted in a good legitimate /
business. G. C. TERRY, 149 Third st.
EXPERIENCED salesman wants good sld*
line on commission. Box 4750. Call ©Met,HELP WANTED— Continued.
EXPERIENCED clothing cutter on ready-
made goods. 20 Sansome st.
BARBKR wanted to open old-established shop;
now "closed; fine opportunity. Box 4:14, Call.
' YOUNG man to driw milk wagon; German
■preferred. 1507-9 Brodcrlck.
WANTED — Plumbers, keep away from Spo-
kane: strike on. ~ '
BARBERS' cressive Union; free employ-
m't H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBER wanted for steady work. Willi-vvi
' FRITZ, 112S .1 St., Sacramento. Cal.
•-T.QY to work at upholstering. 2304 more st.
WANTED— IS men to find clean, central, chean
• rms.. ZZc, Cic night; hkpg.. $1 25 up. SS 3d st
. GET your phots half soied while waiting, 35c to
• '*' c ' ; ' C * Mi! ~ ?!on st -- between Ist and 2d sts.
Y\ 'ANTKI >— Men c;>.n learn the barber trade tor
}."■ at K-42 Market st.
■BAILORS and ordinary ■amen for coast and
• Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BUSH, 421. above Kearny— rooms; cas
and stationary washstand; 16c. 25c up.
WANTF.n— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
■nl^ht. COc to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
. £X> SINGLE^ furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
l'cr night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. xm.
*ln?Ji»siy r 9!253 to lpa ™ barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, l3Sft Eighth St.
■PENSIONS— J. H. SHEP ARD & CO. attor-
_ neV9 - Hearst bldtt.. Third nd Market.
SINGLE room?, 15c. CCc. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to S? 50 week. VAchi House, S63U Market St.
THY Acme House. T>s7 Market si below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
V ANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third It.. near Mar-
Ket; 1 00 room.*. 2"c nlßht: reading room; free
j lms and baggage to anil from the ferry.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER in good paying night and day res-
taurant; present owner unable to attend to
all business. 8 Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 2 or 3 furnished sunny rooms, with
bath, for light houiekeeplr.g: must have mod»
em Improvements. Address box 4. " .', Call.
WANTEDJ^MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Photograph tent and dark room;
I must be cheap for cash. Address Photo, box
• 3SS. Chlco. Cal.
f; PARTIES having a baby carriage they would
like to sell state price. Box 4793, Call.
r .WANTED— To hire luO first-class scraper teams
with harness and peaJ bars; long job. E. B.
'STONE, ElmhuKt.
ROLLER top desk; second-hand: must be fine,
Box lC^. Call office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
J4UW— 10-ROGM cor. fiat; worth $1000; 0n1y... $400
80 rooms; new fur. $2"0 cash, balance $10. 1000
_ rooms; on Howard st 500
. a 10-ROOM HOUSE: NEW FURNITURE..
$100 CASH
. BALANCE $11 PER MONTH: PRICE $450..
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800
6-room flat, near Emporium 250
IS-room house: worth $600 250
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market St., 1020 Market st.
I ROADHOUSE, near the city; fine busi-
ness.. H. C DECKER. 1020 Market st.
jyrt— BOARDING and lodging? house. South
San Francisco: 14 rooms; fine furniture: 14
steady hoarders: clearing $100 monthly; best
of reasons for selling. Apply HEALY & CO.,
917 Market ?t.
r7 11. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
IS rooms: Geary st.; tSOO cash, balance
payments of JlO monthly $630
29 rooms: rent $?3 50; north of Market: $450
cash, balance payments $10 monthly $700
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
A— stJoO— li-room lodging house, rent $40, clear-
ing $50 per month; Kearny st. R. G. WILKE,
?06 Market st.
A-w-P/'OAt lodging house: central: best In
c(.ty; bargain. COWING _ CO., 955 Market.
i? KOOMS; established 10 years; fullest inves-
tigation. LARHEN, 31S Bush rt.
.THIRD. Iging-house of 11 rooms for
1 • sale cheap. Call for one week.
' TEHAMA; I."4— Rooming house of 20 rooms;
V . «Icht and sunny: in good condition: rent $35.
Js3oo— LODGING house of condition; rent $35.
5 LODGING r sale; j
rent $;.',. 72 Jackson «t;
FURNITURE ton SALE.
** ~ ~ ~. —
RETAIL — Cheap, make offer; furniture from
.Alexandria Hotel. C. D. DAVIS, 1111 Market. I
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
.COc. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1181 Market.
FURXITURB WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 79 Sth. buys, sells,
► ! h new & 2d-hand fur., carpets, stoves.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the :
. fame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
"" payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
■ • Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ft.«.. Kan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
• Broadway. Oakland.
■."A-, CLEANING-OUT bargain eale of several
• • tiigh-KrarJe Pianos to make room for large
■ = stock of new pianos to arrive; fine new in-
• . strurr.cnts will go at price of second-hand at
• '_• this sale; also used pianos at $35 and upward.
■ THE J. DEWING CO., second floor. Flood
building. Fourth and Market sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest bouse
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
' "f i 6, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
■ all ether musical instruments of all grades
.- and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
l • "thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
.BEAUTIFUL new Schwechten; upright; artls-
.ticf case; grand tune; cheap for cash. 203V4
Gough Ht.
FINE Ari piano. $110; magnificent tone.
.- Room 21, Flood building.
MUST soil. regardless of cost, new upright
piano. 1206 Devlsadero St.
A— sSs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright; als»> the famous
' JJornun* Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
Fale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
■ A NEW Chickering and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 70«. j
.OUR specialty is renting new pianos. $2 50 per
■ mo. ,tt-Curtaii Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st. ]
R A DANIELS is now with BYRON j
: * MAT'ZT. 308 to 312 Post wt.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments, $5 75 up: I
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale) Heine. 136 Ellis.
pOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. SCB
.. •post st. '
W O BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
JiAIiGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCIIMITZ, It
A Ulster fit., next Hlbemla Bank.
SnABE pianos: new scale; new *tyl«». KOH-
LER & CHA9B. 10 O'Farrell st.
'SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
■ VI 1.1'.1i. maker, repairer. " Latham place.
• . EDUCATIONAL^
ETr^N^ETuNG^chooir^clvil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. mln-
traloKy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELKCTiUCAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.
Shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teacher.", day and evening: catalogue free.
HKAU>'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
• HOLMES College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, arte, vocal music, piano,
violin. Journal! practical acting, Stage
technique; 16 Instructors; degrees conferred;
Say and evening classes. Address secretary
• ' for catalogue, room 4. Odd Fellows-' big, S. F.
'. AYRKS' Business College, 723 Market st.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
• penmanship, English branches, ' etc.: life
scholarship, J-'-O; low rates per week and mo.
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly In C weeks or a
year's course free; rapid earns: other studies;
college graduates perfected. TARR, Expert
Accountant, room €0. Flood building. ; -
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
• Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. ; Ban Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
t-Ft. Ml VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, history. English; coaching
specialty; during vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. H. V.. and SOB Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
' fears' experience; 60c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
'-EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
lnetiS .College. 305 Lgrkln St.. opp- City Hall.
IBWUU AlAC*li.S_S.
V MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine tupplles. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bougnt sold, exchanged, rented; r»-
M-log at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at, . ;f
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$6000— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
6 ts. ; first-class cash custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
of sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— s2oo; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
$40; close to Wells-Fargo Express Co. Call
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— sSso; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
first-class paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket st.
A— s4so; BRANCH bakery and notion store in
lively country town IS miles from the city;
rent $15, Including flat; a rare chance. R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— sl2oo; BAKERY In lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $1000; rent
$25; horse, wagon, living rooms; a good-pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$450; BRANCH bakery in the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good-paying place;
clears about $100 per month. R. G. WILKE,
606 Market st.
A— slCoo; CORNER grocery and bar; living
•me.; one-half block from Wleland's Brewery;
ually receipts about $26; cash trade only: a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
ATTENTION BUYERS— BARGAINS.
See them. HEALY & CO., 917 Market st.
?325 — Market st.; liquor saloon.
Elegant grocery and bar by inventory.
Partner, mnfg. business; clears $300 month.
Partner In paying legitimate business; $125.
$1000— FRUIT, fish and oyster store; best part
city; north of Market St.; established 15 years;
receipts $20 to $25 daily; actually worth $2000;
reasons for cacriflce. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt.
SALOON near Market: centrally located; fine
place, must sell. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
DELICACY store- great sacrifice; cause of sale,
sickness. COWING _ CO., 995 Market et.
A— s2so; CIGAR store near Powell and Eddy
us. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
BUTCHER shop; great sacrifice; other busi-
ness cause of sale. COWING & CO.. 995 Mkt.
SALOON for rent; business location; lease to
responsible parties. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.,
7"Vi Market St.
$450— HOTEL, furnished, near the city; good lo-
| cation. Mclaughlin & CO., 777vt Market.
I SNAP; French restaurant doing fine business,
with 22 rms., all rented. BASILE. 873V4 Mkt.
$100— DELICACY stand In a market; doing
good trade; no night or Sunday work; owner
another business; make offer. Particulars.
I Apply 58 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
I CIGAR store for sale, cash or credit. For
particulars, call at 10S Taylor st.
$75— BAKERY and laundry; rent $14, with nice
living rooms. 437 Fulton st.
FOR SALE— Shoe shop: reasonable; owner re-
tiring on account of old age. 539 Geary st.
$3500— MILLINERY business, established for
over 25 years in second city on the coast;
commands the finest trade; only first-class
millinery store; location unexcelled; experi-
enced help who have been with the business
for 10 years will remain.
The price asked is about one-half of cost:
owner must sell; going to Europe with sick
daughter. Address or Apply Immediately,
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth st., Oakland.
OIL lands, 60c per acre; in the oil belt; get in
on the ground floor this week; don't buy
shares of imaginary value; get land at first
cost and incorporate company yourself. J.
J EVANS. Real Estate; money loaned to and
for you; Mills building; 20 acres for $10.
$850— BARGAIN, old established grocery store,
well stocked; stock, fixtures, horse and
wagon Inventoring $1250; at NW. corner of
■ Turk and Fillmore sts.; cheap rent; lease
procurable. Apply at premises or Curtin
! & BeaTs, room 24, third floor. Mills bldg.
j OLD established corner grocery and bar, well
stocked with choice groceries, etc.; three liv-
ing rooms, wagon-shed and stable, rent low;
choice location; a rare bargain. 4200 Eigh-
teenth Ft., cor. Colllngwood.
$1500— FOR one-half interest In two butcher
shops; includes horses, wagons, book ac-
counts, etc.; In good location; monthly re-
ceipts $1200. Address Box 4799, Call.
FOR sale, first-class saloon, good location, in
the business center; small expenses: inquire
about particulars. Winters' Delicacy Store,
147 Taylor St.
NEW and second-hand furniture store, doing
good business; only one in city; terms rea-
sonable. Address A. C. BOWLES. Vaca-
vllle, Cal.
I HAVE the greatest placer mining proposi-
tion In the State and greatly Improved ma-
chinery for working it; want a partner with
$500 or $1000. Box 4758. Call.
' GOOD hotel in Sacramento; doing first-class
business; good location; 65 regular boarders;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
■, BLACKSMITHING: complete outfit, tools,
stuck, etc.: central; large shop; cheap rent:
cash or part exchange. S. H. HERRING
Los Gatos.
DRESSMAKER— SpIendid chance for a small
sum to step right into a well established
trade in dressmaking. Apply 555 Hayes Bt.
CIGAR and confectionery store, with billiard
room, at transfer point, for sale. Apply
Call office.
LADY wants working partner with some cash
In good paying business; security for cash In-
vested. Address M.. 6264 I St.. Sacramento.
BUTCHER shop, newly fitted up in first-class
style; cheap rent. NW. corner Eddy and
Buchanan sis.
$200— PARTNER wanted in light business; $15
to $25 a week; trial given; no experience re-
i quired.^Westernl________[______parj__.
'■ FOR sale— Branch bakery, candy, notions; 2
living rooms; owner retires; rent $14. 805%
Filbert st.
WANTED— Cheap for cash, 5 to 10 fur. rm. flat;
i Market or Ktaniy; central. Basile, 873 ft Mkt.
FANCY store, stock and fixtures; good living
rooms; leaving city. 1161 Valencia St.
$15— STORE, use of fixtures; good for dress-
maker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
FOR sale, fine grocery and bar; good location,
Corner Post and Devisadero sts
SHOE store and repairing: worth $200; will sell
for $50. 4102 Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANT; nice trade; will sell at a sac-
rifice account other business. 234 O'Farrell st.
BARBER s*op for sale at a sacrifice; must be
sold at once. 1304' _ Valencia st.
$250— SALOON; fair stock; good business: rent
reasonable; bargain. Apply 632 Market, r. 6.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Inquire Wie-
land Brewery, Second st., near Folsom.
i SALOON for sale; ' good location. Inquire of
I 636 Third st.
! COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. C A SWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
_ HORSES.
FOR~SALE— One span bay horses, weight 3415
pounds; half-brothers and well matched: 4
I and 5 years old; well broken. Inquire at Ar-
f cade Stables, Dlxon, Cal.
i 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.- auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work hprses. Chase _ Mendenhall. suc-
ceasors Kllllp & Co.: salesyard. 1732 Market.
~WAUONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surrey* and horses. 1140 Folnom »t.
FOR. SALE— .MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont at
I BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw,
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
MEN'S furnishing goods fixtures for sale. Ap-
ply 331 Montgomery st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth. . -
CALL for fox, Scotch, bull and bull terrier
pups: also Gordon setter, spaniels and New-
foundland pups at 236 Montgomery aye.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setters; white homer
pigeons; all cheap. Glenmore Kennels, 2041
Linden St., Oakland. ' .
NEAT genuine diamond stud for $12: worth
$25. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
SECOND-HAND cooking stove. No. 7, for sale
cheap. Inquire at 1605 Polk st.
BARS, counters,, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
- bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR sale — Complete halrdresslng business;
central: store and fixtures; also furn. living
apartm'ts at'ehed; rent cheap. Box 4622, Call.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling: at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. white, 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100, 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 95: fine suits, $9 85. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 R0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 76. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, ISO Kearny st., near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes, .new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento St.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sites; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
_ "physicians. ~ :
DR. C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence, j
■ X021J4 Market St.. bet. Bth and 7th, : j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 26, 1899.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S Quintonica, the only hair tonic
that makes hair grow on bald spots, 35c bottle.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
FINE switches at less than half the price any-
where else this week at LEDERER'S; see his
treat window display; hairdresslns, 25c only;
hair rolls, 10c. 123 Stockton s^
MRS. DR. E. J. WILLIAMS removed to 32
Turk et.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction at AYRES' BI."SI-
NESS COLLEGE. 723 Market st.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
This Is to certify that we will sell for stor-
nge bill at public auction on WEDNESDAY.
June 28, 1899. at 11 a. m., at the G^rand Arcade
Horse Market. 327 Sixth St., San Francisco,
one phaeton, the property of E. E. HILL.
S. H. LOMBARD, Sullivan & Doyle, Live-
stock Auctioneers.
LADY going East wishes to sell her stock in
an Alaska company at a great sacrifice. Box
C 4515. Call ofllce.
il PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cane,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton St., near Broadway.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Bt., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 B0 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
$1 60—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY. 622 Sacramento St.: tel. Main 1536.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-310 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office, Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion :guarantd. Dr. Gordln,sl4 Plne.ab.Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suitß to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; ?1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., ISI4 Market st. : open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TANI. 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell.' bet. Powell & Maaon.
A WEEK'S newß for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p*t year
DRESSMAKERS.
SS7 GEARY St.— Dresses made. $3 up: dresses
made over: perfect fit: organdies and lawns.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsT^J^jT^VS'HITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronlo or obscure diseases; send
Ftamp for circular. Offices 282 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings $1; diagnosis free.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; test circles
Wednesday and Friday eves.; 10c. 234V4 Sixth^
JOHN~SLATER, circle to-night 8:15; sittings
daily, 10 to 4. 1909 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MOTHER SAI'IK Materializing seance to-
morrow 12 o'clock; 50c. 409 leaven worth St.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium: tells ynur life
from cradle to grave. 106 Taylor; parlors 3-5.
MRS. HARLAND, trance medium: circle to-
night; prophetic tests; art. read; 10c. 120 6th.
MRS^ MESA FRANCES, independent slate-
writing medium. US Haight St.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Men.. R: 2Sc: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J B. DWYER. the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wtah to know their future should consult this
gifted medium Immediately, either in person
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and is master
of the power by which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those in whom
you are Interested: satisfaction guaranteed by
mall, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diegnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies, 50c; gents, $1 . sit, $1 SO. \2» Turk.
WONDERFUL surreys; Mme. Clingman. from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings 50c and tl. SIS Tenth st.. Oakland.
VIME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future. 25c. 14S Sixth, room 12.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st .; Clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. 10c; ladies only.
513 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME MOREATJ, the best medium and card
reader; 2oc up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom-
etrist. Parlors 2 and S, 995 Market tt
YOUR future told by cards, 25c: Sunday houra,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln st., room 6.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, -25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, pent to any address In the
T'nlt'efl Stater, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count Ger-
main. 616 Geary Bt.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
Ml; reading by mall. tl.
YOUR fate Is In your hand: scientific palmis-
try. MME. GERMAINE. 906 Market St., r. 30.
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist. 916
P.uph ft., bet Taylor and Jones.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium; minerals
located; lucky days; palmistry. 319 McAllister.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS" Dental Parlors. 927
Market St.. rver Cafe Zinkand: teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered: the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from }4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge wnrk until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. RM Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plntes. extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
traot? nnd fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubb/r or flexible plotes, $3: received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: filling*. 25c up; gold
crowns, }3: gold bridges. $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed: plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St., cor. Sth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fllllngs a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
i VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market st.
i SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
rnrvr,. imi Polk st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAOUIRE ft GALLAGHER— James~Ok Ma^
quire (ex-Congressman) and James _ Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market st. ; tel. South 215. .
: NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
i ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZi, attorney at law; pro-
bate and f jardlanshlp; Sth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 9J7
Market: ccnsultatlon free: no fees in advance.
LOST.
LOST— Personal papers marked JULIAN L.
WALLER. Return to Examiner office Mon-
day morning and receive reward.
$10 REWARD— Lost, ekye terrier in neighbor-
hood Post and Polk sts. Return to Lick
House.
1 LOST— On Berkeley boat, June 23, eatche' con-
-1 tainlng purse, keys, etc. ; keep money. Oblige
1 by returning satchel, etc., to ticket office
BOUSES TO LET.
ALBION aye.. 154, cor. Camp, nr. Sixteenth
■ and Valencia— House, 5 rooms and bath;
large stable. ~-.:^".
CALIFORNIA, 2021—12 sunny rooms; billiard
room; furnished or unfurnished; large yard;
doghouse; $65.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Montgomery st. '•i-./^-Vv.
HOUSE of 3 rooms; large yard and cellar, rent
$7. 1009 York st. -
LAGUNA, Sunny 8-room house; nicely
papered and painted; rent $30. . ■
MISSION, 1215 ft, nr. Eighth— House of 14 rms.;
bath, tubs, etc.; suitable for roomers.
MISSION, 2533, nr. 22d— rooms, partly frnshd.
or unfrnshd. to suit tenant; modern built.
O'FARRELL, 915, bet. Polk and Van Ness—
2-story house, 6 rooms and bath; In good
order; rent $25. Apply, to C. S.CAPP & CO.,
. House Renters and Real Estate Agents, 630
Market st., opposite Palace Hotel.
PACIFIC Heights residence; furnished or un-
furnished; 10 rooms, bath, storerooms, etc.
Apply at 2528 Washington st. "
TWENTY-THIRD. 2754, bet. York and Hamp-
shire—House, 6 rooms, all modern Improve-
ments; rent $16. .
UNION, 1139, corner Hyde— 6 rooms and bath;
thoroughly renovated; yard; $20. ■
VERY fine house. In perfect condition; S3S6
Twenty-first ft., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; see It. E. G. DENNISTON,
3454 Twenty-first St.
VERY pleasant house, In perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; see it.
WEBSTER, 2209, bet. Clay and Washington—
Neat 2-story bay-window house, 9 rooms and
bath and sunny yard; cars handy: In good
order. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., House
Renters and Real Estate Agents, C3O Market
St., opposite Palace Hotel.
$12— HOUSE, 4 rooms and basement. 635 Lo-
cust aye., bet. McAllister and. Golden Gate.
Ft'iiMSUEl) HOUSES TO LET.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms, to let and furniture for
sale; rent reasonable. 34 Austin St., flat 3;
call between 1 and 4 p. m. ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE— 3 rooms, with stable; rent $12. Ap-
ply SOSft Union St., downstairs.
SUNNY cottage, 4 and 5 rooms; flat, 6 rooms,
bath, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
$9— COZY cottage; 4 rooms, yard. 1707 Turk St.,
near Scott.
"~~ FURNISHED FLATS. ~~
MARKET, near Van Ness— Sunny modern fur-
nished flat; 6 rooms and bath; everything
complete; piano; few months or longer; $50.
Box 4505. Call. .
PINE, 958 A— rooms and bath; furnished com-
plete; $18.
• FLATS TO LET.
A— BEST tenants wanted for good landlords.
FLATS FLATS FLATS
HOUSES— HOUSES — HOUSES — HOUSES
COTTAGES— COTTAGES-COTTAGES —
Down Town. Mission. Western Addition.
A. M. SPECK _ CO., 667 Market st.
AT NW. corner Sutter and Scott; rarely beau-
tiful; appreciated if seen; six rooms; glaaed
porch; $25. water free. Also 722 Howard, nr.
Thirteenth, four sunny rooms, bath; $15.
BAY-WINDOW flat of three rooms. 28 Ritch
St.. off Folsom, near Third.
BEAUTIFUL modern 7-room corner; middle
flat. 118 Webster St., near Haight.
EDDY. Sunny upper flat, 9 rooms, bath,
basement, etc. ; rent reasonable.
ELEGANT flat, 5 rooms and bath; all modern
conveniences; cellar and yard. 223 14th st.
FELL, 291— Cottage of 3 rooms, basement and
large yard; rent $12.
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath. 911 A
Guerrero st., bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-
second.
FINE sunny fiat, 3 large rooms; bath; latest
improvements. Key at 713 Grove st.
FLAT of 5 rooms; stable for 6 horses and large
wagon sheds; $18; paint shop 24x80. "A. M.
! SPECK _ CO., 667 Market; key at 2303 Geary.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window and bath; $12.
i 716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. j
1 FLAT; 4 rooms and baUi: new. 1805 Eddy St.,
near Scott : rent $18.
! HOWARD, 1540. near Twelfth— rooms and
bath: rent $12. ' '. ' ' ■. -.-
JESSIE. 820 ft, off Ninth— Flat of 5 rooms; rea-
sonable.
NEW flat, 4 large rooms, bath and laundry;
! rent cheap. 347 Liberty st.
: NICE flat of 5 rooms; partly frnshd; rent rea-
sonable. Call between 12 and 4 p. m., 35 Turk.
NICE flat, 6 rooms and bath. 216 Fillmore st.,
near Haight; rent $18.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 5-room flat; modern improve-
j ments; rent $17; water tree.
THIRD, 417 ft— front suites; modern Improve-
ments; 8 rms.; hot, cold water; bath; sunny.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Sunny s-
room flat; modern; rent $15; water free.
UPPER, modern, sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath;
fine location; rent cheap. 1212 Fulton st.
UPPER flat, 4 rooms and bath; rent $15. 2503 ft
Howard st.
I WALLER, 312—4 rooms; bath; basement and
yard.
2 NEW sunny modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms and
bath each. 1421 Hayes et. and 2.", Birch aye.,
off Larkin, bet. Grove and Fulton.
4-ROOM new upper bay-window flat; stove;
hot and cold water; hath; yard; partly car-
peted; en car line; rent $10; with water. Box
4512, Call office.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
garden. 1219 Laguna, cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
$11— SUNNY flats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place,
oft Taylor, bet. Post and Geary st.
$12— SHIPLEY, 297, near Sixth; flat, 5 rooms;
bath; gas; folding doors; yard.
$12— FLAT. 4 nice rooms; bath; yard. 3231
Twentieth st. Apply 711 Treat aye.
$16— LOWER flat, 5 rooms and bath; newly
• painted. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
$13— 4-ROOM flat, 128 O'Farrell St., upstairs,
opposite Orpheum. Apply 15 Grant aye.
! $20— ELEGANT flat, 5 rooms, bath. 46 Elgin
Park, near 13th st., above Valencia.
$22 50— UPPER flat of six rooms and bath,
! sunny side, fine view. 1014 ft Thirteenth st.,
near Scott. •
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, 1203, nr. Hyde— of 3 or 4 rms.
furnished for housekeeping; gas; bath; piano.
CLEMENTINA, 707, cor. Eighth— 2 housekeep-
ing rooms, $2 and $2 25 per week; laundry and
bath; stoves.
I FIFTH, 348—2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing^ , ■
FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
I housekeeping. '
[ FRANKLIN. 203— Sunny corner, front parlor
bedroom; separate kitchen and bath.
I FULTON, 218, corner Van — Neatly furn.
.flat. 4 -rooms; gas range; bath; also others.
GEARY, 731 (rear) — Five unfurnished, sunny
rooms, lower flat, yard.
GEARY. 651, near Jones — Front and back par-
lors, first floor; private; references; use of
kitchen.
GEARY, Furnished ■ and unfurnished
flats; each 4 rooms, 2 baths, 2 toilets, 2 cel-
lars; gas; every convenience; $18.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 neatly furn. sunny
rms., with closets; hot, cold wat.; gas range.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 640— Sunny corner suite,
with kitchen; also 2 connecting rooms.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— 2 sunny de-
elrable housekpg rooms; use of parlors; reas.
HOWARD, 628, bet. First and Second— Nice
furnished sunny room. and also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 761 ft— front bay-window rm.,
with kitchen; man and wife; others moderate.
HOWARD, 829— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
JONES, 503—3 housekeeping rooms, complete,
.'$18; also double and single rooms, cheap. .
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
, kitchen; frnshd. complete; folding bed; $12.
MINNA. 28 — Single and housekeeping rooms, $1
a week and up.
MINNA, 454 — 2 back rooms, sunny, furnished
for housekeeping; running water. •
MISSION, 663—2 bunny rooms; housekeeping;
cheap.
MISSION, 731—8 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; large yard; $12. . v, .
MISSION, 1129— Large sunny rooms; stove; run-
ning water; no objection to children; nice for
Invalids. "
MISSION, 2158 — Nicely . furnished sunny : front
and back parlor, use, of kitchen; private fam.
OAK, 119—2 sunny parlors, complete for house-
keeping, $12; 1 front room, same, $5.
POLK. 605— Housekeeping ; large sunny front
- bay-window, room; kitchen; closet; gas; reas.
POLK, 827— Housekeeping .rooms;- en suite or
single ;,. pleasant, light, clean. > "■<
I HOUSEKEEPING Continued.
i _^
SIXTH, 216>i— Nicely fur. sunny front rooms;
single and hskpg. ; running water; reasonable.
SIXTH, Three large sunny, unfurnished
i rooms, cellar, yard: $8. ■
SECOND,. Sunny cfcrner; furnished floor;
2 bedrooms, large kitchen and bath; rent $15.
Apply between 10 a. m. and 4 p. m. ■
STOCKTON, Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing, single and double rooms; near California
and Powell st. cars. .
, THIRD, 251, nr. Howard— 4 front sunny rms. ;
. connected; suit, for hkpg; single, $1 25 wk. up.
; THIRD, 308—2 connecting rooms for housekeep-
; ing, with use of bath.
TURK, 543— Housekeeping rooms, with coal
or gas stove; gas and bath; $2 50 and $3 25
per week. ■
' TWELFTH, 146, cor. Howard— sunny rms.,
complete for hskpg;-. also 3 connecting: gas.
• TWENTY-THIRD, 3166, near Howard— 2 or S
• furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry;
no children.
1 VAN NESS aye.. 400— Furnished sunny flat; 3
rooms and bath: complete for housekeeping;
: only permanent and responsible parties.
■ VAN NESS, 1021— Front sunny suite, 3 or more
, rooms; kitchen, gas range.
2 OR 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms; no
children. S. W. R.. Call office, Alameda.'
ROOMS TO LET.
A— SUTTER, 717, Furnished beautifully;
very choice; reasonable; appreciated if seen.
• AT New Grand. 246 3d— lst-class sunny rms.,
20c, $1 wk. ; 90c, $4 wk. : also housekeeping.
• i ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; flrit-claaa
in every respect: terms reasonable.
: j AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
• bath; rooms. 50c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— furnished sunny
1 . front rooms; also hkpg. rms.; reas.; transient.
BALBOA, 1049 A Market— hands; first-
class rooming house; elegant sunny # outside
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable; transient
i ' solicited: H. H. McCOLLISTER, Prop.
! BUSH, 1124— Just the place for home comforts;
suite or single; bath; grounds: $10 up.
• CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
• CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
• EDDY, Sunny desirable rooms, $6 up per
month; front rooms, $7 to $15.
; EDDY, 303, corner Jones— 2 sunny bay-window
corner rooms; double beds; homelike.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms for light
'. housekeeping.
GEARY, 14A— Large well-furnished suite, run-
ning water, $16 mo.; hskgp. ; others, $125 wk.
• GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely furn. sunny
front rms.; hot, cold wat.; private; reas.
GOLDEN STATE. 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
GUERRERO, 531— Nicely furnished rooms; ref-
erences required and given.
• HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
I rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter. near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms;' cable cars pass
: door: elevator: free baths.
. HOWARD, 646, nr. 3d— New house, 80 rms. ;
• newly frnshd.; single, double; gas; $6 upward.
. IVANH.OE, 1002, cor. Geary — New management;
fur. housekpg suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up; ref.
. MARKET, 783%— newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week. : -
, MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
. O'FAHRELL. Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 208— Several nicely furnished
sunny rooms.
POWELL, 15— Newly fur.; new management;
single, double, transient: next to Columbia.
POWELL. 317. formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
! gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
' POWELL, 608 A— Newly furnished sunny
rooms, suite or single; gentlemen only.
! ROYAL House. 126 Ellis Bt.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladle*' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
. SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
! SIXTH, 17A— Sunny front suite or single; nicely
furnished; reasonable prices.
SIXTH, 142— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
Huite or single; $1 up.
STOCKTON, .317— Sunny furnished rooms; bath,
', gas, telephone: very central; cheap; $6 up.
TAYLOR, 117— Furnished rooms for $1 50 up per
week; also housekeeping rooms,
TENTH. 136, near Mission— Sunny front room;
suitable for 2 gents.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 25. nr. Market — rooms in San
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp.
TURK. 226— Rooms, with or without board;
pleasant private home.
' VALENCIA, 844— Nicely furnished front room;
sunny; bath, gas, running water; reasonable.
: YALE, 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites, $5 up; single. $1 50 up.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde, cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional.
LAS PALMAS, IS2O Market— Parlor. 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $23.
POST, 744— Rooms and board, $36 for 2 and up;
use of parlors and pianos.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
■ SUTTER, 1128— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
. pretty garden: home cooking.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for Infants; only $10 per month.
210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WK!""^rfkLD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
. cr«n '""'"■ 1035 Market St.: popular price*.
STORES TO IMT.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$75—49 Steuart St., near. Market.
$20—705 Howard St., near Third.
160— 485 Valencia St., corner Sixteenth.
?20— 338 Fourth St., near Harrison.
?22 50— Howard St., near Third.
$25 1119 Harrison St., corner Langton.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
stg. MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
BEST tenants wanted for good landlords;
stores, stores, stores, stores: for all kinds of
business; downtown. Mission, Western Ad-
dition. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
LARGE corner store, suitable for any busi-
ness. SE. corner Twenty-third and Alabama.
STORE 10 lease— First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
p»p. MADISON & BURKE. ((26- Market St.
OFFICES TO LET.
SUTTER, 717, nr. Exceptionally choice,
furnished or unfurnished: reasonable.
STABLES TO LET.
TO let— Stalls with wagon room, cheap. In-
quire 1118 Harrison St., near Seventh.
TO LET— Stable; 8 stalls. Inquire 1015 Golden
Gate aye. . . ' •
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
3". end 40 ' Eighth St., telephone South 250.
WHEW You become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer . Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
-300 McAllister st., cor. Larkln; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
■ tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
■ J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate: carpets .cleaned, 3c yd. tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. ,
————— STORAGE. '
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
CALA.: Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
■722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE I & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
:, turn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt., tel. Black 311.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
IF you have lots north of Goidea Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery.
FORECLOSURE; 2 cottages; 25th St.; rented
$25; price $2500: make offer; lot 25x114; modern
structures; bath; money loaned to and for
you. C. J. EVANS. Mills building.
$1200; PAYS $292 per year; 3 cottages: always
rented: lot 50x90: must he sold to close estate.
J. J. EVANS, Real Estate; money loaned to
or for you; Mills building.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.—
Valencia st., bet. 22d and 23d; lots any size,
with double frontage.
HAVE buyer for house and lot, $5000 to $S0O0;
will pay $4000 cash. J. J. EVANS, Real Es-
tate: money loaned to or for you; Mills bldg.
PARKER aye., 136—2 houses and lot 25x120.
$2000; terms to suit. Apply Owner, in rear.
CHOICE business property 65x115, on Mission
St., near Twenty-sixth. Inquire 2^43 "lisslon.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange beautiful orange grove. River-
side, full bearing, for house and lot in San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate; money
loaned to or for you; Mills building.
11 At RES, fruit ranch, 1% mile from Santa
Cruz, for city income property or a stock
farm. German-American. 34 Kearny st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
HAVE a buyer for a house or cottage with
chicken yard; good size lot. J. J. EVANS,
Real Estate. Money loaned to and for you.
Mills building.
CHEAP lots near car lines anywhere in San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate and
L^ans, Mills building.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at fhi per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 Third st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Ex-
change.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS, Real
Estate and Loans, Mills bdg; notify; will call.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, piano 3, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason et.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. H" Market.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
EYE, brain and nerves are strengthened with
Mayerles glasses. GEO. MAYERLE. German
Expert Optician; charter member American
Association of Opticians; 1071Vs Market St.;
mail orders filled: open- evenings.
MEDICAL^
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who Ere sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home tr&atment, $5; no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), 6afe and sure; relief guaranteed
et any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
came day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5: home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday. 19 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; Eafe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market «t. ;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation Tree and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Mantet St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to il p. m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
femaie specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated sucessfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free; call or write. 1023H Market Ft.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well-
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home: no instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment $5. MRS. AL-
LEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
fct. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MERITO— Sure, safe preventive; married ladies
try It: price $1. sample box 25c; write for cir-
cular. Merito Mfg.C0.,227 Leavenworth st..S.F.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA, 215 ft Mason st.-
Prlvate home in confinement: ladies' friend
in trouble; terms reaa. ; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor, 43d
and Linden, Oakland; home in confinement;
childvf-n adooted out. Take Grove-st car.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $t up.
PRIVATE home during confinement; best of
attendance. Address box 527, Call office.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS^FOR FURNISHIN(TsUPPLIEB^
Notice Is hereby given that the Board of Di-
rectors of the industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of the State of
California, will receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1, iS;i9, and
ending September 30, IS9B, with the following
articles:
1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
visions 3. Butter. 4. Coal. 5. Flour and
millstuffs. fl. Coffee, tea and chicory
Bids will be opened Friday, June 30," 1899, at
7:30 p. m.. at the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue, Oakland, Cal.
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc., can be had upon
application to the superintendent, Joe. Sand-
ers, at the home.
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured In California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing supplies are in-
vited to be present at the opening of the bids.
By ordei' of the Board of Directors.
GEO. S. MEREDITH. Secretary.
IMPROVEMENT of San Luis Obispo harbor,
Cal.— United States Engineer's office, Laugh-
lln building. Lob Angeles, Cal., May 27, 1899.
Sealed proposals for continuing construction
of breakwater at San Luis Obispo harbor,
Cal., will be received here until 11 a. m.,
June 27. 1599, and then publicly opened. In-
'ormatlon furnished on application. JAMES
\ MEYLER. Captain Engineers.
MINING.
I WANT to buy Central Eureka stock. R. L,
CHENEY. 630 California Bt.
COUNTRY RKAL ESTATES.-
-60 ACRES, 2V4 miles from Wrights Etation, In
Santa Cruz mountains; $30 per acre. J. J.
EVANS. Money loaned, to and for you.
Mills building. <j\
CHEAP— IO acres 6-year full-bearing prunes;,
also 20 acres fult-bearing prunes and figs; half
a mile from Porterville; choicest fruit belt;
water rights; easiest terms; these two pieces
must be sold. Apply to WM. JONES, As-
signee, 24 Sacramento st., S. ■ F.
160 ACRES , uncultivated land in Santa Clara
County; Government patent; would sell cheap
or exchange. .Cajl at 229 Ninth aye., Rich-
mond District.
WANTED— Timber or forest reserves land or
location; highest cash price paid. Address K.
-E..- box 4705, Call office. ■
20 ACRES oil land in the oil belt. Fresno Co.,
for $10. Get particulars J. J. EVANS, real
estate; money loaned to and for you; Mills
building; phone 1196; no stock In a company.
FOR sale — Modern 9-room house; large lot; 50
choice bearing fruit trees; terms reasonable.
JACOB GARDNER, Mill Valley, Cal.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres lefc. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California st., S. F.
FRUIT, graip and stork farms.
W. D HOLCOM & CO.". 20 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
Oakland REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
oakland REAL estate.
a PRETTY home
in OAKLAND in OAKLAND
ONLY $375.
IT IS WORTH $2500
Ycu may be the one to secure it. Send for
catalogue.
£0 CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
Fronting Market. 35th and 36th sts. ; surrounded
by fine homes; close to 3 lines of electric rail-
ways; street work complete.
ONE OF THESE LOTS GOES FOR $150.
TRY FOR IT.
Catalogue mailed on application.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
£03 Broadway, room No. 16, second floor, Oak-
land. Mills building, San Francisco.
$800— ON easy terms will buy good five-room
cottage with lot 50x100, only short distance
from local station in North Oakland. If
you want a home, call and see us about
this. JAMES S. NAISMITH. 464 Ninth st.
NEW sunny cottage, 6 rooms, modern in every
way, right In center of Oakland; might take
some trade and easy payments for balance.
A. J. SAMUEL & CO.. 468 Sth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
_
ALAMFDA REAL, KSTATE.
— LOT 50x165: house 8 rooms and bath;
Versailles aye. ; must be sold.
$1100— Lot 50x150, with modern cottage; San
Antonio aye., near Chestnut.-
-s6so —Lot 40x125; west side Walnut St.. near
bay shore.
— Lot on Pacific aye., near Grand st.
$2700— Large 2-story house, 8 rooms; lot 50x
203; beautiful avenue. E. D. JUDD CO..
1421 Park st.
AL AM— DA ROOMS AND UUAKU.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 *th.
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
THE biggest bargain yet; near the university;
7-room house: large lot; street work all done;
price $1600; easy terms. JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley station.
BIRTHS— MARRIAaES— DEATHS.
— Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indoreedr with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOKJT.
HEYMAN— In this city, June 25, 1899, to the
wife of Julius Heyman, a son.
OSSWALD— In this city, June 25, 1899, to the
wife of Charles E. Osswald, a son.
_____ _________
* DEED.
Cockrill. Theodo?e G. Marston, Elizabeth A.
'- Cremoney, John McElroy, Bridget
. Dinkelspiel. LazarU3 Rice, Mary A.
Gallagher, Bridget Rlxon, Winifred M.
Halpln.- John S. , Rodgers, Isaac
Hart, Samuel Echoll. Edwin
Lynch,. Mary Streuli. Emile
COCKRILI>-In this city, June 25, 1899, Theo-
dore, Guvara,, beloved husband of Josephine
Cockrill and. father of Mrs. Dressier and
Harry B. and Ellie Cockrill. a native of
Kentucky, aged 64 years 11 months and 14
days. • ■ -
(t?"Notice of funeral in Tuesday morning's
papers. '.■.''-■
CREMONEY— In this city, June 25. 1899. John
Cremoney, a native of San Francisco, aged
; 38 years.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DINKELSPIEL— In this city, June 25, 1899, at
his residence, 1292 O'Farrell street, Lazarus,
' . husband of Pauline and father of Henry,
Samuel, Joseph, Theresa, Melville and
Edgar Dinkelspiel | and Frieda Silverman, a
native of Baden, Germany, aged 76 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
IC7Notice of funeral hereafter.
GALLAGHER— In this city, June 24, 139!), Brid-
get Gallagher, beloved mother, of Mrs. John
Cooney and Thomas J. Glynn. a native of
County Sligo, Ireland, aged S4 years.
(GTFriends are respectfully. Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 9
o'clock, from her late residence. .24$ Second
avenue, thence to Star of the Sea Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers. - .
HALPIN— this city, June 24, 1899, John S.,
beloved son of John A. and Mary Halpln. a
native of San Francisco, aeed 1 year and 5
months. . ■
t_?"The funeral will take place this day
■ (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the. residence
of the parents. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HART— In this city, June 2.", 1899, Samuel, be-
loved husband of Johannah Hart and father
of Mrs. Charles Heymann of Paris, France,
and Benno and Jullen Har.t, a native of
Austria, aged 63 years and 7 days.
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
d ence of his son. 1107 Franklin street. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery by epecial
i train, leaving- Third and Townsend streets
at 11:40 o'clock.
LYNCH— In this city. June 24, 1899, Mary, be-
loved wife of John Lynch, and mother of
Michael and the late Annie, Mamie and Nellie
Lynch, a native of Ireland, aged 64 years.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
! (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3S Gilbert street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for. the repose of her soul,
commencine at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
! Cross Cemetery.
MARSTON— In West Berkeley. June 24, 1599,
Elizabeth A., beloved wife of Alonzo Marston.
and mother of Delia, Edith, George and Ed-
ward Marston, a native of Chicago, 111., aged
55 years.
McELROY— In this city, June 25, 1899, Bridget,
• beloved wife of George McElroy and mother
of John, George and Mary McElroy, Mrs.
Catherine Burke and the late Mrs. Alice
Baker, a native of County Kildare, Ireland,
aged 57 years 6 months and 7 days.
RICE— In this city, June 24. 1899. Mary A.
Rice, mother of George H. Rice and Mrs. Ar-
thur A. Smith, and sister of Mrs. A. N.
Tome, a native of Webster, Mass.;* aged 74
year*.
tCFuneral services this day (Monday), at
9:45 o'clock, at the residence of her daughter,
Mrs. Arthur A. Smith. 2501 Steiner street.
Interment private, in Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
RIXON— In Oakland, June 25, 1899, Winifred
! M., beloved wife of John A. Rixon, a native
of County Galway. Ireland, aged 37 years.
10 months and 10 days. . .
RODGERS— In Seattle, Wash.. June 18. 189$.
Isaac Rodgers, a native of .Whitehaven,
Cumberland, England, aged 32 years.
SCHOLL— In this city, June 25, 1899, Edwin,
only and beloved son of Charles and Theresa
Scholl and brother of Bernice Soli ill, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 days.
STREULI— this city. June ' 23. 1899, Emile.
beloved husband of Mary I. Streuli, • father
of Ethel L.. Alma M., Emile and Myra M.
Streuli, and brother of William A. Streuli.
Mrs. Lillie Boeske and the late J. J. Streull.
a native of San Francisco, axed 42 years 2
months and 27 days.
C~Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of
• Charles J. G. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Icterment Masonic Cemetery.
hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.,- opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
McAVOY &. Co., fl
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market st., between Sth and 9th. I
•..'■■■ Telephone^_South_j47. ■ -|
910
SOLDIER SHOOTS
A COMRADE AT
THE PRESIDIO
Frank Wigfall's Cow
ardly Deed.
BADLY WOUNDS WESLEY KIBY
DELIBERATE ATTEMPT TO COM
MIT MURDER.
Prepares to Finish His Work When
He Is Disarmed — His Victim
May Lose a Limb — No Cause
Is Assigned.
A dastardly, unprovoked attempt nt :
cold-blooded murder occurred at the Pre
afternoon, when I'rlwit^
Wigfall, Company H, Twenty
delfberately shot fuid j
■<1 Private Wesley Klby of the
regiment. The shooting was un
warranted and Kiby had no warning: of
ill's murderous Intentions until he j
■ ■ from one of tho deadly \
rifles crash through his |
rompi Interference of com
. Kiby's life, for when "Wlgfall
Baw that his '■' ■ lied of its
loaded his rifle
and was preparing to shoot again, when '
Private Clarke wrested the weapon fmm
hfm and handed it to Corporal Wallace.
.'I made no attempt to resist arrest,
and while he was being taken to the
Ihouse by several soldiers others
I •Ir bleeding comrade up and
carried him to the post hospital.
The shooting occurred at C o'clock, while
the men of Company H were in their
quarters preparing for evening roll call.
Wigfall was sitting upon his cot and .
'Kiby was across the room from him
blacking- his shoes. .- . ■■::!>• Wigfall took '
his rifle from it? rack upon the wall. This !
did not attract any one's attention, for it '
is a common thing for the soldiers to han- ]
dle their arms. One of the other men in
the room saw him slip a cartridge into the
magazine of the ritle. and before the sol
dier realized what he was doing he saw
him tak.^ deliberate :iim at Kiby. An in
stant later "iVipfall tired and Kiby with |
a yell of pain dropped to the floor. Th- i
suddenness if the cowardly dee I so took
the men by surprise that for a moment '
they were unable to realize what had hap
pened, hut when they saw Wigfall again |
reload his rifle and prepare to take a sec
ond shot Private Clarke sprang- upon him.
No one seems to know what caused
Wig-fall to do such a cowardly deed. i
Th^r^ was no bad blood between Kiby and
Wigfall that any of the men know of. I
They are both in the same company and j
have their quarters in the same building.
Some of the Idlers of the company de- j
clare that Wigfall had been drinking, but j
that he was not sufficiently intoxicated '
not to have known what he was doing.
He was immediately taken to the guard
house, where he was placed in close con
finement and no one was allowed to see
him. j
Major Mosoley. the surgeon of th» post, :
examined Kiby's wound. The bull' en- i
tered the right leg a few inches below th^>
knee and passed entirely through the [
bone. Kiby was so affected by the shock
and pain that the major refrained from
making a thorough examination until to
day. The knee cap is affected, and from
the examination made it looks as if it was
so badly shattered as to necessitate am- j
putation of th" leg. Morphine was admin- I
istered to Kiby to relieve his pain and at
a late hour last night he was resting gui- j
etly. Cnlonel Freeman will make an of
ficial investigation of the affair to-day.
SAINT JOHN THE
BAPTIST HIS THEME
Rev. F?thnr T. Canher of St." Francis
Church preached an able sermon on the
life of St. John the Baptist yesterday
mornlnp at the 11 o'clock mass. Besides
being- the Sunday within the octave of the
feast of the Saint, it marked the twenty
plxth anniversary of the well-known pas
tor's ordination. The sacred edifice was
crowded as usual. Father Caraher took
for his text: "John is his name: Luke
i:63."
The musical programme was a feature
of the services. Following are a few ex
cerpts from his Interesting address:
The* name of John signifies one favored by
(">•<•;. Our saint was called John because he
was exceedingly favored and privileged by
God. Our I>ird sunirr.iirir.es the Braces and
privileges of Ft. John when he says: "Amen,
I pay to you. there hath not risen among men
that are horn of women a greater than John
the Baptist."
Our saint is also called the Baptist for the
reason that he preached the baptism of pen
ance and bantized our Lord and many of the
Jews In the Jordan. This baptism of St. John
was not the same as our sacrament of bap
tism, but was only an external rite or ablu
tion that signified by its effects upon the body
the Interior cleansing of the soul by penance.
On the feast of Ft. John's nativity the church
proposes a shining virtue for our meditation,
but I will only dwell upon his virtue, penance
and mortification. The Baptist had not only
preached mortification, but also practiced It
in an eminent decree. In his youth he forsook
the world and the comforts of home and fled
into the deserts of Judea, where he led a
most austere and penetentlal life.
• The speaker then went on to describe
St. John's mode of living and food and
drink he contended with while carrying
on his penance.
The Baptist remained In the desert until his
"thirtieth year and then left his place of re
tirement to baptize and preach penance. The
place where St. John was born is situated
about six miles to the west of Jerusalem. It
belongs to the Franciscan fathers, who have
there an Imposing church and monastery. It
was my treat privilege to celebrate mass in
the crypt of the church where St. John was
born and to administer holy communion to a
number who assisted at the mass. About eight
miles west of the place of his birth is the
- desert where he spent the greater port of his I
life and where he lived upon locusts and wild
honey.
If we aspire to the happiness of St. John
the Bantlst we must practice in some degree
at leapt his mortification in food and clothing
Never yet did a saint reach heaven that was
. not Kiven to penance and self-denial. From
the days of John the Baptist until now the
kingdom of heaven suffered violence and the
violence beareth it away.
*i*rMP.,
IF CHRIST CAME
TO SAN FRANCISCO?
"If Christ Should Come to San Fran
cisco" was the subject of an Interesting
Bermon by Dr. Charles Edward Locks of
the Central Methodist Church last even
ing In Metropolitan Temple. He said In
part:
We are rapidly coming to be a nation of
cities. In the United States there are three
cities with over 1,000,000 Inhabitants; six cities
over 500,000: twelve cities over 300 000 and
thirty-two cities over 100,000; 400 cities with a
population between r.0,000 and 15,000; 360 cities
with over 10,000. and more than 700 cities of
5000 inhabitants. The great problems and pos
sibilities of our nation, therefore, are to a
large extent connected with the cities.
. If Christ «hould come to San Francisco how
severely would he rebuke all forms of vice
gambling, profanity and prizefighting, Impur
ity, drunkenness and profligacy. The saloons
with all their diabolical concomitants would
be driven out. Avarice and greed, with all
their cruel and devilish influences, would be
hurled down the steep places into the sea
When I think of the boys that are being
ruined and of the girls that are being de
bauched and the throngs of men and women
that are being demonized and bestlalized; when
I know of the -Bins at which so-called society
winks and In which It largely participates
when I remember the voracious Shylocks who
feed on pounds of flesh, and think of the woes
and privations when sin is everywhere in
flicting, I know that If Jesus were to come
to San Francisco he would kindly but severely
rebuke a lethargic church and a quiescent citi
zenship, and arouse men and women every
where to a mighty crusade against the vile,
vlcioup and cruel modern Saracens that hold
carnivals of vice In what might be a holy
city.
If Christ were to come to San Francisco
he would peek the needy. The needy poor,
and give them bread; the needy rich, and
plve them counsel as he went Into the house
of Zacchaeus; the needy doubter; the needy
cad hearts, and sympathize with them, as he
wept at the tomb of Lazarus. And, hear me, i
'*■ Jesus canoe to this city, he .would seek for j
--»■•■ ?:.-'• «■»,-.--■-■ -- ...ill. ■- . ■ <*J
the fallen men and -women. Those upon whom
Foelety hurl? its missiles of ostracism; men
and women who might be won by protection
and affection hark to position* of virtue nn.l
respect. "Oo ye into the highways and hedges
and compel them to come in." ll ilitist's com
mand. A man or woman is not beyond our
obligation to serve or save because he has
wandered from paths of honor; the church has
a serial commission to these.
The congregation was on the gui vivo,
both at the morning and evening 1 service,
expecting Dr. Locke would make the an
nouncement of his contemplated change,
but they were disappointed, as he did not
allude to the subject The evening serv
ice at the temple will be discontinued
hereafter .and aY the services will bo
conducted in the ctmrch on Mission street.
REV. FATHER WYMAN
DISCUSSES ST. PAUL
At the 11 o'clock mass yesterday morn
ing- Rev. Father Wynian of St. Mary's
(Paullst) Church delivered an Interesting
discourse on one of St. Paul's epistles to
Timothy. In part, he said:
"For 1 know whom 1 have believed, and I j
am certain that he is able to keep that which |
] have committed to him until that day."
These words express the intt-nsity of St.
Paul's faith and hope. They were written
during his last Imprisonment; the hand that
penned them was fettered !>y chains and they
were addressed to his beloved disciple and co
worker, St. Timothy, of whom ho speaks most
t' nderly in the snme epistle, and whom he
declares he remembers daily in his prayers.
Th-' faith set forth in these words Is not,
however, peculiar and personal to Ht. Paul
himself, but belongs essentially to all Chris
tians. It might he objected that one who had
experienced ouch a miraculous conversion,
wrought such miracles and had converted such
multitudes by his preaching could thus speak
for himself alone. Bui whatever knowledge
arM grace was grlven to St. Paul belongs to the
church and his personal experiences is one of
hfr strongest credentials. His faith \v;i.~ as
certain as bis hope and charity.
It has been paid by a distinguished modern '
BISHOP W. H. MORELAND VOICES HIS VIEWS ON CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.
"As a Religion Christian Science Will
Not Do."
preacher that opinion Is the attitude of intel
lect toward divine truth and conviction is the
attitude of the heart to the revealed modern
law. Such, however, was not the faith exer
cised by St. Paul and is not what the church
requires of her children As a river cannot
rife above its source, neither can hope nor
charity be greater than faith. Ajtain strong
conviction of the truth of the faith cannot be
called prejudice which Is a state of mind
formed without consideration or reason and is
rather an expression of inclination.
Finally, faith does not narrow but enlarges
our scope of knowledge. It is a Rift, for it
is a cir't from the author of reason himself,
and Is Intended to supplement all natural
knowledge.
SHARP CRITICISMS
OF SPIRITUALISM
Rev. W. K. Pugan of Stewart Me
morial T'niterl Freshyterian Church last
evening delivered a lively talk on "Spir
itualism" as a prelude to his sermon. He
said:
An Interest h.ie been aroused In our midst
on spiritualism through a sermon preached by
Pr. Moreland, and many comments by minis
ters of our city have been made. Dr. More
land holtls that we have th»- power of com
municating with evil spirits but not with good
ones. That Idea is absurd, as It srivea the
devil more power with men than It allows God ■
to have. Other ministers argue again* t it be
cause they do not jxiss^ss the power, but that
is the silly argument of Infidelity against
Christianity and carries no weight. Another
Fays good spirit? would not want to come
back even to leave their joys behind for a few
minutes. That argument attributes to good
spirits the vicious principle of selfishness and
must droD out of Ficht; besides, heaven is
not to be looked upon bo much as a place as
a condition— yes, a condition which a good
spirit could carry in Its heart to the onds
of the universe. These arguments betray a
weakness of lotlc and confusion of ethics. I
think the argument against spiritualism Is
this: There Is no netd for such a communi
cation between this and the spirit world, and
Q d does not maintain useless things. In the
parable of Lazarus and the sick man there
was no need for one to rise from the dead to
teach Moses and the prophets wore enough.
When we have the life of Christ and the work
of God that tolls us all about the way of sal
vation, why morbidly pry into things God has
concealed? When every blade of grass and
every l^a-f of every tree yea, when the face
of all nature is trembling with th>> truth of
God— why plunge to the dark bottom of the
tomb for messages fritn tho spirit world?
Whatsoever truth there is in connection with
spiritualism is so vague and uncertain that
we are not warranted in following it, espe
cially when we have so mu<-h revelation in
the providence of <; o d. Why grope through
the dark tombs with a tallow can.llo when we
can walk the beautiful valleys of tnit' un.ler
the full blaze of the son of righto. .nsness?
I do not know whether these tiu-diumß can
communicate with the spirit world or not,
but let us not condemn them ty a process of
false logic and confused Ideas, but point them
to Christ, the light of both worlds.
If you cannot call personally, order
by mail and get a fine Walnut Upright
for $150 cash from The Zeno Mauvais
Music Company. 769 Market street. *
BALDWIN GOES TO ALASKA.
Resigns From Polic; Force to Become
an Army Officer.
Sergeant QeorgC li. Baldwin sent in his
resignation to Chief Lees yesterday morn
ing, and in the afternoon sailed on the
Ftcamer St. Paul for Alaska. A large
number of his friends were at the wharf
to wish him godspeed and success in
his new and important position.
As indicated in The Call a few days ago
the sergeant has been appointed super
intendent of construction of forts in
Alaska, with headquarters at Fort Eg
bert, and he has the rank and pay of a
captain in the regular army. During his
short term of service in the Police De
partment ainl as captain in the Eighth
California Regiment ho made a host of
friends, who are delighted at his good
fortune. He is not a stranger In Alaska,
as he spent some years there.
The famoui old JESSE UOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal uw because it is puce.
New Railway Officers.
-It Is announced that the Santa Fe sys
tem having acquired the San Francisco
i and San Joaquln Valley Railroad, effect
! ive July 1, the officers In charge of the
traffic of that line will be as follows: Ed
ward Chambers, general freight agent,
Los Angeles; John J. Byrne, general pas
j senger agent, Los Angeles; John Moss,
: assistant general freight and passenger
: agent, San Francisco.
Bag Time, Good Time, Big Time.
I Kapp & Street^ tanuUe grotto; 'night time. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JUNE 26, 1899.
BUTTED HER
HEAD AGAINST
THE IRON BARS
Attempted Suicide in
the City Prison.
CATHERINE MURPHY'S WOES
ARRESTED FOR VILE CONDUCT,
SHE SOUGHT DEATH.
To Prevent the Woman From Kill
ing Herself, the Officials Had
to Put Her Securely in
Straps.
Catherine Murphy. a middle-aged
woman, who is confined In the City Pris
on, attempted to beat her brains out
against the floor of her cell yesterday.
She was removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, but ns she did not appear to be
mentally deranged, the Superintendent of
t lie Insane Department refused to receive
" Denial of God's Personality Is a Fatal
Error."
her. The woman was then returned to the
City Prison and strapped down to the
floor of the cell.
Mrs. Murphy was arrested last Friday
night on a charge of using vulgar lan
guage. Shortly aft^r being locked up she
tw came violent and butted her head
against tb< Iron pates. Fearing that she
might seriously injure herself the officer
In charge of the prison bad her sent to
the Receiving Hospital. The surgeon,
after giving her a soothing draught,
ordered h> r removed to the City Prison.
yesterday she again bf-came violent and
after assaulting one of her cellmates at
tempted to butt her brains out against the
floor.
When she was strapped down she ceared
her ravings and begged to be released
from the bonda. On her promise to L>e~
A FORMER CHIEF OF
POLICE PASSES AWAY
THEODORE G. COCKRILL
THEODORE G. COCKRILL, Chief of Police In the early '70's and at one
time a prominent politician of this city, died yesterday morning at his
home, 1911 Broderick street. He was close upon the completion of his six
ty-fourth year, lacking but one month of that life mark.
About two weeks ago Mr. Cockrill was stricken with paralysis, and since
that time his dissolution was expected momentarily. Hemorrhage of the brain
hastened his end, which came In the early hours of Sunday morning. The
deceased was a pioneer settler in California. In 1552 he crossed the plains,
devoting the first few years of his California life to prospecting and farming!
Latterly he came to San Francisco and engaged in the liquor business on a
large scale.
In 1872 he was elected by popular vote— as was then the custom— to the of
fice of thief of Police. His political opponent was ex-Chief Crowley, who
succeeded him in the following year. Cockrill proved a potent police director,
and his administration was one of the best experienced In the city. After the
expiration of his term of office Cockrill returned to business, but met with re
verses. After the dissolution of his firm he was connected with Van Bergen &
Co.
Mr. Cockrill stood in the first rank as a successful lodge member. The
highest honors of Masonry and Druidlsm were conferred upon him. He will
he buried at Bloomfleld, Sonoma County, on Tuesday. He leaves a widow and
three children.
have herself the straps were removed
form her body. Notwithstanding the fact
that the woman was arrested Friday
night her case has not been disposed of
in the Police Court. To-day the prison
officials intend to have the case called and
will endeavor to have it dismissed. They
fear that the woman might succeed to
permanently injuring herself unless she
is liberated from prison.
Last night Mrs. Murphy confided to one
of her cellmates that she intended to
commit suicide by hanging herself with
a strip of blanket. The woman to whom
she declared her intention at once noti
fied Corporal Parrotte, who ordered a
"trusty" to keep a strict watch on her.
If the woman is not released to-day they
inte"nd to have her taken before the Com
missioners of Lunacy and examined as to
her sanity.
DR. WOODS DISCUSSES
THE GOSPEL OF MARK
The second lecture in a course on the
four gospels was delivered last night at
the First Baptist Church by the pastor,
Rev. E. A. Woods, D.D. In part he spoke
as follows:
Last Sunday evening I spoke of Matthew
the first gospel as written by a Hebrew, In the
language spoken by them, and that its pur
pose was to show that Jesus Christ was the
Messiah of the Old Testament. It is the gos
pel of fulfillment. Mark, the author of the
serond gospel, was not one of the twelve dis
ciples, but was one of IVter's converts, and
of him we know but little. He was the
nephew of Barnabas, and concerning him Paul
and Parnabas had a disagreement which re
sulted in their separation. Mark seenifi to have
been Peter's companion for many years, and
it is generally supposed that Mark wrote this
gospel at Peter's dictation, so that it is really
Peters gospel. It was written in Greek, and
seems to have been Intended specially for the
Romans. It bears the stamp of Peter's direct
impetuous temperament. In it many facts
about Peter are modestly omitted, while the
" Limit 01 the New Ecc/esiastic/sm /s a
Pope in Petticoats."
story of his denial of Christ is told without
excuse or mitigation. As the Romans knew
little of the Old Testament, very little refer
ence Is made to the Hebrew worship of the
prophets.
The favorite word with the Romans was
"power." They cared little as to the genealogy
or parentage of Jesus. Their great question
was: "Has he power and what has he done?"
Mark's Kospel is a biography of Christ In an
swer to the Roman question. Its Keynote is
"divine power." Mark presents our Lord to
us as the son of Qod with power, th' Lord
and Master of men. the mighty conqueror, the
destroyer of evil, the founder of an everlast
ing kingdom. It is a pospel of conflict and
of victory. The story of Christ's life Is graphic
and vivid, and In it we see the presence and
all mastering power of the Son of God.
As a prelude to this address Dr. Woods
spoke of Confucianism as the state reli
gion of China.
SAYS CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE IS NOT
GOD'S CREATION
Bishop Mbreland on
the Movement.
WOULD RHPLACE OLD FAITHS
DENIAL OF GOD'S PERSONALITY
A FATAL ERROR.
He Refers to Mrs. Eddy as a Probable
Pope in Petticoats and the
Limit of the New Ec
clesiasticism.
Rt. Rev. Bishop William H. Moreland
preached an interesting pennon on
"Christian Science" at yesterday morn
ing's services in St. Luke's Church. While
ri ■c-otj7iizin£ "the beautiful principles" on
which the movement ia founded. Dr.
Mnreland pointed out the errors which
have crept into it, and exhorted his hear-
era to remain steadfast in their faith to
the old church, which has stood for ages,
and not to he inveigled into a new sys
tem, which was replete with fallacies. Dr.
Mor< land began his sermon by quoting
from the Bible. "The Lord has created
medicines out of the earth, and he that is
wisi-' will not abhor them."
"The Lord has created plants, vegeta
bles and herbs," said Dr. Moreland, "and
has endowed thorn with certain curative
properties, and men skilled in chemistry
combine and apply them to the ills and
sufferings of humanity. We should put
our trust in God's mercy through sickness
and ill health, but we should not neglect
the material means he has placed at our
disposal for the recovery of health.
"One of the mistakes "of Christian Sci
ence is that its neglect of the means cre
ated by an all-wise Providence is not a
mark of faith, but rather a mark of pre
sumption and folly. We pray God to give
us our daily bread, but we do not sit idly
by until the fond is thrust in at our door.
Human effort should always go with the
power of the Almighty. "God and man
sin mid always work together.
"When the child is ill we pray God for
its restoration, and glorify Christ by the
true prayer of faith, but we do not reject
all medicine. We fchould not expect the
child to be cured by a miracle.
"The Christian Science way is not the
Christian way. . It Is a part of faith to
employ the skill of a physician and the
nurse and medicine, and in doing so we
are not guilty of any lack of faith or true
religion. It is an awful presumption for
the creature to say to God, 'You must
cure my child.' The scripture itself teach
es us to make use of the material means
and the Ix)rd himself used loaves and
fishes to feed the multitude, and the nat
ural elements, bread and wine, are util
ized In conveying his risen life to man
kind. God has dwelt providentially with
us in giving to us human agencies to ac
complish his will. He can perform mira
cles, but we should not expect miracles
when we discard ordinary means.
"I do not wish to say one harsh or un
kind word against Christian Science. I
have, a sympathetic recognition for the
truth it contains, but I cannot close my
eyes to the dangers and errors accom
panying it. There are good things in
Christian Science. Tt has undoubtedly
made cures, and on many occasions peo
ple have escaped suffering under its in
fluence, and it has restored the sense of
God to many.
"In these days, when people are ob
sorbed in making money and the mind is
almost irresistibly drawn to materialism,
there have been many efforts in opposi
tion. The materialist says there is no
spirit, but all is matter. The Christian
Scientist says there is no such thing as
matter, all is spirit. These, efforts em
phasize the spiritual realities of lite, but
they are not well balanced and cannot
last. They eventuall^ipse strength and
are split into fragmeiW. Christian Science
teaches that disorders of the body spring
out of disorders of the soul. This prin
ciple is earnestly carried out in Christian
Science, which occupies the mind with
kindness, piety and love, and only with
these can you be a well man.
"I would like to dwell on this side, but
there is another. The cures done by
Christian Science have been paralleled by
many systems of metaphysical healing.
They have been produced by the shrines
of the Roman Catholics, the Indian med
icine men, the soothsayers of the East,
the Hindoo fakirs and by all creeds and
nationalities, therefore the good of Chris
tian Science is not original with itself
As a religion, it has not Dorrowed enough
of the Christian faith to keep it alive.
"The other side tells of the harm it has
done and the dangers accompanying it
The denial of the personality of God Is a
fatal error and neutralizes all the truths
It teaches. We have been taught that God
is more than man; he is a being divine
and exalted, and the impersonal principle
of Christian Science disappoints our af
fections and robs us of our father. Chris
tian Science not only contradicts the
Christian doctrine of the Incarnation, but
denies that God is a person.
"Again, Christian Science fails to notice
the providential purpose of pain in the
world, which causes the sufferer to reign
triumphant in the strength of Jesus cru
cified. Christian Science often Inspires in
its converts an unholy sense of superior
ity, which Is assumed in the house and
among friends. Aside from the hurt It
does to character, it confuses the reason
of man to teach him there is no such
thing as pain. It urges Mrs. Eddy's
knowledge of anatomy against the under
stood laws of health. Dietary exercise is
of no consequence as compared with Ed
dy's writings at $3 a volume.
"The intention of Christian Science Is
excellent, but it is a cruel wrong to de
prive an Invalid, especially a child, of the
stored up riches of medical science which
have been accumulating like a reservoir
of mercies. Some diseases may yield to
It, but what shall we say of infectious
sickness, such as diphtheria, scarlatina,
smallpox and the like? It is an awful
responsibility to shut out the doctor with
hla remedial plans.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WASH
DRESS
FABRICS!
This week we will offer Extraordinary
Bargains in our WASH DRESS GOODS
DEPARTMENT in the following goods :
LAWNS, PRINTED PIQUES, SCOTCH
CHEVIOTS, SCOTCH MADRAS and
PRINTED ORGANDIES. We call particu-
lar attention to the following three lines.
I^2 C Yard.
5 cases IMPORTED CHEVIOTS, stripes, dots and
figures, in New Blue, Lavender, Pink, Navy
and White grounds, goods 33 inches wide.
Reduced from 25c.
IOC Yard.
3 cases 32-inch SCOTCH MADRAS, in Plaids and
Checks, good variety of new colorings.
Reduced from 15c.
75 pieces NEW PRINTED PIQUES, all this sea-
son's importation, at 10c, 15c and 20c
per yard. Former prices 15c, 25c and 40c
yard.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
"The last count in the indictment
against Christian Science is that it offers
itself as a. substitute for the old church
of Christ. It is another form of secta
rianism. Instead of the old church which
has withstood the blasts of twenty cen
turies, it offers Mrs. Eddy's church, which
has Just begun its career. Instead of the
old Bible, it offers Eddy's Science and
Health, which, reading, we cannot under
stand and. understanding, we cannot
love. It offers a new hierarchy of heal
ers and readers, and the limit of the new
ecclesiasticism is a pope in petticoats.
"As a religion, Christian Science will
not do as a substitute for the Christianity
of Christ. The latfer is virgin gold and
the former .is the ore. from which we
must separate the worthless matter. Let
no one take you away from the dear old
church Trust God when illness comes
upon you, but make use of the means he
has provided, and so best deserve the
dear old name of Christians."
HE UPHOLDS
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
An Enthusiast Takes a Fling
at Bishop Moreland.
F. W. Gale, "chief reader" of the First
Church of Christ, Scientist, while not sur
prised at the opposition of Bishop More
land to thr teachings of Christian Sci
ence, claims that all the bishop gave ut
terance to was Incorrect and not founded
on good reason.
"We have scripture., the gospel and Je
sus on our side," he said yesterday. "You
cannot cite an instance where Christ em
ployed drugs to work a cure. It was by
truth that He healed and the teaching of
it. The assertion that we are not Chris
tian in spirit is untrue. It all depends
upon what your definition of Christianity
is. We follow religiously the early teach
ings of the faith.
"Results speak for themselves. Not long
ago at a big meeting in Boston those who
were cured by Christian Science were
asked to rise. There wore 3000 present,
and a great mass rose to their feet. The
attack on the book 'Science and Health'
may be answered by an actual occurrence
at the same meeting. It was asked how
many were cured by the reading of the
book and 300 people arose. Of course the
mere purchase of the book will not effect
a cure; it is the reading of it."
India-rubber heels are to be attached
to the shoes worn by French soldiers.
It is claimed that they decrease the fa
tigue of marching.
Celebrate the. Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cali
fornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE FOR TWO WEEKS!
<^W oilw f>IVEN TO INSURE]
iNSNrMirtr' satisfaction and to
IM«^^'sl?K show the superior mer-
's&lt»"^'N*r pt^. it of the treatment.
b ' "UTAbYV cr» »6 : Wlth m >' inspirator
TOR e^'vHll fit* healing germicide mcd-
, * 4& rf jagßt, lcines can be placed
I UDnAT^5555*l directly to the diseased
______/ OPTlfli partß. and gives mar-
■VT Wl "-fi5 Bt '$■ velous cures. In 2000
Ji> rfill 1 X) !• test cases 95 per cent
#1 flw AWs '* successful.
JW y^iO kSI Sfc REV. FATHER
\Vs4hv c K2l RVAN of St. Louia
Hi'w^l !" *1 says: "I have tried the
flgl QliU l| 5 treatment and received
*\ < J-??l s =L i !S great benefit. I can
I UUNQ ' 15 conscientiously recom-
V■■ .■■ >( «|S ill mend it."
/<s^t<lf if REV. R. T. PHIL-
/jKsyJ&*l f!S^ LIPS of C. P. Church.
/^^/MJIw Dallas. Texa*. «ay»:
rt<9 V// S«a''i I |J '8 ' "The Inspirator has
Hr/o IIiJALO cured me. I can r 6O , 0111 -
-fyiy MCrtußß mend it to all suffer-
<-. •*£3* r . ers."
JTIDOB MARTIN of Moberly. Mo., says:
"ft has cured me after suffering for years
with catarrh, asthma and lung trouble. it is
scientific, far in advance of all other treat-
"reV FATHER J. 8. HOOG of JEFFER-
SON CITY. MO. says: "I have tried ydur
antiseptic treatment and consider it the Ne
plus ultra' of treatments."
Call or address at once, for FREE TREAT-
MENT,
DR. COTTINGHAM,
638 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
JS2UOteM4JJL^JftI->JftAAa4Lta»P..M.
BDWEN
KCO
New season's Japan teas arrived
— a large stock comprising the very
choicest selection of early spring
leaf pickings. Our 50c grade will
be introduced through our special
tea sale this week. Fresh new crop
tea possesses twice the fragrance
and flavor of old tea and costs no
more here
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— 10 flavors 1b 40C
Our regular 50c grade
reg'ly special
Hermitage rye 1886 bot $1 50 $1 15
" " gal 600 450
Old Crow bourbon 1889 bot 125 100
" " " " gal 5004 00
Olives— Manzanilla qt 20C
Their flavor cannot be excelled
Mustard with horseradish 2 bot 25C
reg'ly 15c
Adds flavor to meats — creates an
appetite
Lemons— reg'ly 25c doz 20C
Thin skin, fancy Californian
Fruit Syrups— reg'iy 50c bot 40c
A variety of flavors; our bottling and
guarantee for purity
Paraffine-reg'iy 15c lb 10c
For sealing jams, jellies and pre-
serves—an absolute preventive
from mould
Oysters— reg'ly 12Jc tin 10c
Selected stock— oval tins— for finest
family trade.
Sardines- reg'ly 12Jc tin lOC
Genuine French, in pure olive oil
Com— Seaf onm 1 2\ C
Young, tender kernels, packed in
Maine— reg'ly 15c can
Soap Powder "1776" 7 for 25c
Babbitt's best
ill /"^l^o^o covered 30C
Jelly Glasses unc overed 25c
reg'ly 30c and 35c doz — strong glass
Telescope Baskets
reg My 90c 75c 65c 50c 40c
special 70 60 50 40 30
Shawl Straps— durable kind oniy
reg'ly 75c 50c 35c 25C
special go 40 30 20
Face Powder— viout 40c
3 colors— Violette de Parme— reg'ly
50c bottle
Our coffee plant at Pine street store
is much talked about, but particularly
the coffee roasted there daily. Coma
and inspect it
Shipping to out of town resorts a
specialty with us; trust v? to care for
your orders — quickly — accurately
Our catalogue explains our system
and tells you the kind of groceries we
sell— all for a postal
432 Pine 215 Sutter 2800 Ca!iforr:a San Francises
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland 1
im CalliLOd ilßai