VOLUME LXXXVI-XO. 11 <j.
APPALLING DISASTER
ON RIO GRANDE ROAD
Collision in Colorado Between Ex=
cursion and Freight Trains.
Six Persons Meet Death and
Five Badly Injured.
THE KILLED.
F. SALTEH, manager of the excursion.
EVA M. WALKER, aged 12, Westford. Mass.
EUGENIA B. JTJDKINS. aged 12. Spokane. Wash.
ADDIE F. JUDKINS. aged d 6, Spokane. Wash.
ADDEE F. JUDKINS, aged 10. Spokane. Wash.
WELLS, boy. aged 6, Los Angeles, Cal.
THE INJURED.
Mrs. F. A. Wills, Los Angeles, badly hurt.
Harry Walker, aged 19, Westford. Mass., internal injuries; not
serious.
Mrs. Grant Biddle. Cole Camp. Mo., internal injuries.
Miss Ella Biddle, aged 21. Cole Camp. Mo., bruised.
C. It. Cook, aged 25. Millers, Ind.. bruises.
DENVER, Sept. —A special to
the News from Florence. Colo.,
says: One of the most appall
ing* accidents in the history of
the Denver and Rio Grande oc
curred at 4 o'clock this afternoon, four
and one-half miles west of this city.
Six persons were killed outright and
five badly injured.
The killed and injured were passen
gers on a Phillips- excursion
train, west bound, which collided with
an east-bound freight train. The ex
cursion train consisted of one day
coach and two Pullman tourist sleep
ers. There were about forty passen
gers, most of them from Massachusetts,
en route to the Pacific Coast. The spe
cial had orders to run to Reno siding,
and when only a few hundred yards
from the siding it collided with the j
freight train. j
The trains came together with terrific j
fnrce. The second Pullman telescoped j
the first one. and the day coach is a ■,
complete wreck.
The freight train consisted of fifty |
narrow gauge care. loaded with ore and j
lumber and wreckage is strewn along j
the tracks for nearly half a mile.
All the trainmen saved themselves by
jumping. It is understood the freight |
had orders to take the siding at Reno,
but for - me reason it failed to do so.
A special with physicians was sent
from this city to the scene of the wreck j
and the survivors were brought to this
city. Later the injured were taken to
Pueblo. Mrs. Wills is hovering be
tween life and death. The others will
■ ■ ~ .--■■- ~ - . «
recover.
E. S. Plaisted. one of the excursion
party from Revere. Mass., said:
"Our party of thirty-five or forty per
sons left Boston on Wednesday morn
ing last on a pleasure and business tour
to the Pacific Coast. I had been riding
in the first sleeper, but had just entered
the day coach with the Pullman con
ductor and had got comfortably seated
when there came an awful crash. It
seemed to me as if a ponderous stone
bridge had fallen upon our car. I
quickly doubled myself up and waited
for the. worst. I found I was not seri
ously hurt and with a little effort \vas
soon extricated from under the debris.
I looked for the conductor who sat by
my side and there he lay a corpse. Two
other men in the same car (there were
but four in the day coach) escaped.
This car was a complete wreck as was
the tourist sleeper next to it. There
■were six persons killed, five young peo
ple and our Pullman conductor, who
came with us from Boston. George J.
Judkins, who was traveling to his home
at Spokane, Wash., had the misfortune
to see all three of his children killed,
while he escaped with a few bruises
and scratches. The poor man is almost
distracted with grief."
SLOW SPEED PREVENTS
HORRIBLE CATASTROPHE
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Sept. 23.— The
Chicago and Alton south-bound lini
• xpress was wrecked this evenine
.khart. a station eighteen miles
north of this city, by the rails s-pread
ing, and two passengers were injured,
one of whom. W. J. Long, a real estate
r of Kansas City, died to-night in
the hospital here.
The clow speed of the train was all
that prevented a horrible catastrophe.
At a switch 100 feet north of Elkhart
the rails spread and the entire train
ierailed. The locomotive and cars
plowed up the ground and the loco
motive went plunging over the ties for
a hundred
No one was injured except the two
I assengers in The smoking car. Messrs.
Long and A. C. King of Leroy. 111., and
they were Injured In a singular man-
Nine thirty-foot rails which held
ther ran through the floor of the
I through the roof.
As this iron ram crashed up through
the floor Mr. Long jumped to his feet
and the end <>f the r..il struck him in
the forehead, inflicting terrible wounds.
The same rail also struck Mr. Kine's
leg and twisted his knee. Several Das-
Bengen who were on the train declare
that the ties were rotten.
ONE MINOR MISHAP
ON SOUTHERN PACIFIC
SAN JOSE. Sept. 23— The north
bound train due here at 2:35 this after
noon on the Coast Division of the
Southern Pacific and a switch ensrine
collided In the city limits. No one was
hurt and no great damage done. But
The San Francisco Call.
| brief delay resulted, and the only dam
, age was that to the two entr
CHARGES AGAINST A
CONSUL ARE UNTRUE
American Representative at Coburg
Did Not Act as a Spy for
Germany.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 23.— The State
Department has examined the charges
made against Deputy United States Consul
Florschulz.at Coburg. Germany, of being a
spy in the employ of the German Govern
ment and has satisfied Itself that there
!s no ground for them. The department,
[lately upon the publication of the
statement of the man Bentheim. at At
lanta, to the effect that Florschulz had
used his office to cloak extensive spying
iterations directed against the French
War Office, forwarded a copy of the pub
lication to the United States Consul at
Coburjr with the instruction to make an
nquiry into the matter, . nts reply which
ha? been" received, states that he has
made a thorough investigation of the
charges and that I ■- has proven them to
>c •rue. So the department has dropped
:he matter.
OIL WELL EXPLODES
KILLING TWO MEN
Fire From the Boiler Ignites the Fuel
and a Tragedy Results
Therefrom.
WELJJBSVILLE. 0., Bept 23.— While
making preparai - V the Ray'
well on the Rldlnger farm, near hen I
toon the weil overflowed and the oil
ignited from the lire under the boiler
- -.g a terrl -ion. Two mcii
were killed outright and three others in
jured, two of them, it is thought, fatally
The d<
fHALMER WILKINSON. Jewett 0
:N H. WILLIAMS, East Liverpool
The Injured: John Ravi. Wellsville. O.
• - Rogers, Hookstown, Pa.: Harr>
- io, O. Ravi and R .
die.
Ravi is the largest well ever struck
in this territory, and is good for 200 bar
day.
DISTRESS IN JAMAICA
GREATLY INCREASED
Fire Destroys Many Buildings That
Had Escaped the Ravages of
the Recent Cyclone.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. Sept. 23.—Ply
mouth, capital of the Island of Mor.t?errat
reports the destruction by fire of many
buildings which had escaped the recent
hurricane and most of the remaining
ruins, greatly intensifying the distress of
the populace, which is growing demora
lized over the tardy and inadequate re
lief. The laborers refuse to unload the
rgr.^s unless paid double.
At Anguilla 700 inhabitants are wildly
appealing f^r immediate supplies of viator
and food, the recent hurricane having de
stroyed all the provisions and wrecked th*
- and the habitations and the sea
having washed into the welis and rain
NEGOTIATIONS FAIL IN
FRENCH SHORE MATTER
Request of the English Government
to Renew the Modus Vivendi
Will Be Refused.
ST. JOHNS. X. P., Bept 23.— Reliable re
ports from England statf> that the nego
tiations with France over the French
shor- have failed and that the
Urir '•' stry will invite the Colonial
Legislature at its :.• ■ • iton to renew
the modus vivendl about the lobster
fishery ak.ng the French shore.
The Colonial Government, It Is an
nounced, will refuse to enact any such
measure on the grnund that the report
of the royal commission, which is held
back by Joseph Chamberlain, Imperial
Secretary of State for the Colonies, fully
establishes the colony's i
NEW UPRISING IN
SAMOA IS PREDICTED
Britain Charged With Machinations
Inciting Natives to Feeling
Against Germany.
BERLIN, Sept. 23.— A correspondent of
the Cologne Gazette, who is making a
tour of Samoa, telegraphs to -his paper
that there is increasing excitement and
anti-German stntiment in the islands
owing to alleged British machinations'
The correspondent predicts a new upris
ing unless the malcontents are ener
getically restrained.
PRUNE GROWERS ORGANIZE.
Union Formed for the Independent
Sale of Fruit.
FAX JOSE, Sept. 23.— At a meeting of!
prune growers this afternoon the Santa
Clara County Fruit Union was organize*!
for the purpcF^ of mutual protection and
of selling the products of its members in
■ • m market? independently of and
without antagonizing any other company
Directors were elected as follows: S. R.
Johnson, president; Jacob Miller, vire
president: W. P. Craigin, secretary; J. E.
Abbott and J. R. Johns. At the meeting
150' tons of fruit were represented ana ,
1000 tons were Immediately pledged.
SA> T FRANCISCO, SUSDAY. SEPTEMBER 24. 1899-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
BRITONS FEAR THAT BOERS WILL
PASS OVER NATAL'S FRONTIER
Transvaal Crisis Has Reached the Critical Stage Where
Peace or War Rests Entirely Within the
Hands of Kruger.
LONDON. Sept. 23.— Never at any
stage of the Transvaal crisis has ■
peace or war rested so entirely
within the hands of President
Kruger. The longer he. delays
i precipitating a definite issue the better
! are the chances for peace. He now
! knows to what extent he can rely on
sections of South Africa to uphold him
! and he realizes that the British will, If
S possible, avoid a conflict until the last
i transport lands her men, and he is too
I wily a leader not to know the military
advantage that comes to the aggressor.
His appeals to the foreign powers to
j intervene have apparently been hope
' less, but his efforts to drag in the
j Orange Free State have been success
l fu!, and if he honestly intends to defy
j Great Britain he never will have a bet
ter opportunity than at present. It is
j such reason which is uppermost in the
i j minds of the thinking British and
' which prompts them to fear that before
: ! next week's Cabinet meeting the Boers
j will have passed over Natals fron
! tier.
If they have not there will be much
j ground for believing President Kru
! ger intends an ultimate backdown,
though whether he is strong enough to
carry his people with him in such ac
{ tionis open to great doubts. The cab
inet council merely verifies the logical
' supposition that Great Britain will is
' sue no hostile ultimatum until she is in
a position to back it up.
The impression that war is inevitable,
which is now fairly general, is based
! almost solely upon the belief that the
! Boers will not submit, while it is im
! possible for Great Britain to recede
i from the position which the Secretary
\ of State for the Colonies, Joseph Cham
berlain, brought about. The recent ne
gotiations upon the part of the Colo- |
I nial Secretary have not tended to ap- j
j pease the peace party in England. The j
j Speaker declares that "to fight over a
question of etymology is naturally im
possible." by which the paper refers to i
suzerainty being the whole base of the i
; dispute.
The Speaker and some of the other .
I Liberal papers take the view that Mr.
Chamberlain has made it as hard as I
| possible for President Kruger to ac
cept 'his terms.
Sir Edward Clarke. Q. C. former So
' licitor General, writes to the Times
that he sees no casus belli and hopes
Parliament will be summoned, so that !
: the whole affair may be explained to i
j him and other Conservatives.
W. T. Stead, Mr. Chamberlain's bit
' ter opponent, is bringing out a pam
i phlet. "Shall I Slay My Brother Boer?"
\ an appeal to the consciences of Great
I Britain, in which he reiterates his ac
i cusations of Mr. Chamberlain's com
plicity in the Rhodesian conspiracy of
1595 and declares that "war would be
I a stain upon Great Britain's escutcheon
i as foul as that by which the Dreyfus
case has sullied the fair name of j
i France." He compares Mr. Chamber
i lain to General Mercier and the South
j African committee which tried ■ the
I Jameson raiders to the Rennes court- |
i martial. But such diatribes do not i
I represent the popular feeling. If Presi- |
dent Kruger decides to hold his ground j
with the only means at his disposal,
that is. almost Immediate hostilities, he
, will find he has but small sympathy
from any class of British.
\ The Transvaal negotiations are now
i so long drawn out that though the pa
pers devote great space to them, popu
lar interest seems flagging. The Gov- (
ernment organs while regretting the at
titude of the Orange Free State point
out that its open hostility will even
tually prove advantageous in ridding j
Gerat Britain of the annoyance of j
having a presumably neutral but |
really hostile power so close to the
! scene of action, and enabling Great
I Britain to add the Free State to her
possessions without encountering for
eign protests or accusations of inhu
man aggrandizement.
CECIL RHODES MAKES
CHARGES OF TREASON
LONDON. Sept. 23.— A special dis
patch from Cape Town says: There
was an extraordinary scene in the As
3<=mbly Friday during the debate on the
registration of voters bill. Cecil Rhodes,
who hitherto has deprecated the advis
ability of hostilities, repeated the
statement that several members had
: accepted money for electioneering pur
: pesea from the Transvaal with which
i Fngland 13 now on the verge of war.
This statement created a great im
pression. Later, speaking on th 2 same
bill, Mr. Rhodes pointedly indicated
that some of the members were practi
cally guilty of treason; that they w?re
"supporters of a Ministerial party, wh.j
lived entirely on offal." and were noth
ing more than "political scavengers."
He called upon the Premier to hold
these in check.
SPECULATION ON THE
OUTCOME OF WAR
BERLIN, Sept. 23.— Experts are be
ginning to speculate on the probable
outcome of the war and the losses on
both sides. The Kreuz Zeltung says:
I "The British plan is an invasion on
three sides simultaneously from Rhode
sia, Natal and Mefeking or Kimberley.
The best and most effective part of the
English forces will probably be the vol
unteers raised in South Africa. There
are 7000 mounted men already in
Rhodesia, who, wiih other volunteers,
will be the real corps of the expedition."
In the Frankfort Zeitung General yon
Boguslawsky, a military' writer of note,
predicts that the British will sustain
enormous losses in the Transvaal, ow
ing mainly to the inferiority of their
officers and their inability to under
| stand or apply modern tactics.
TUNNEL IN THE NETHERLANDS RAILWAY,
The picture, which la d from Black ar.d White, shows one end ol
he tunnel at Watervalboven, in Komati Poort, the pass through which ac
ess is had from Delagoa Bay to the Transvaal.
DECLARE WAR
A QUESTION
OF FEW DAYS
While Germans Sympathize
With Boers Government
Will Not Interfere.
— •
Siwdal Di*>r«ateh to The Call.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦•-♦■♦•♦•♦♦
+ ♦
♦ BERLIN. Sept. 23.— first of ♦
-♦■ a series of meetings by friends ♦
■♦■ of the Transvaal was held here ■♦■
♦ to-day and a telegraph message +
4- was sent to Emperor William •♦
-♦■ asking for his aid in preventing ♦
■♦■ a war between Great Britain and ■♦■
•♦■ the South African Republic. ■♦■
+ "■ ♦
+ + + + +"+ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■*♦♦
BERLIN. Sept. 23.— An outbreak of j
war in the Transvaal is regarded here
as a question of a few days, or at the
most of weeks. The whole press de
votes considerable space to the matter.
Neither the attitude of the people or of ;
the press has changed materially. With
out exception they disapprove of such '
a war and blame Great Britain for ;
badgering, the Transvaal beyond en- j
durance.
The liberal press also blames the
Transvaal for its Illogical stand in first j
sanctioning Great Britain's attempts at j
interference in its internal affairs and
then rejecting such attempts and mak
ing thereof a casus belli. Thus argues
the Vossische Zeitung. Cologne Gazette. ,
Tageblatt and others. The whole* con- j
servatlve jingo, anti-Semite. Agrarian, :
ultramontaine and Center press sid°s
with the Boers. The Kreuz Zeitung
says:
"No matter hnw things may develop j
It Is certain England is preparing for )
another act of brutal coercion."
The National Zeitung doubts whether j
it is still possible to adjust things in j
South Africa except by force of arms.
The Vossische Zeitung says: "War is ;
a foregone -conclusion. England Is only
delaying hostilities in order to gain
time to prepare a sufficiently large
army of Invasion. It will not be ready
until the middle of October. The Boers i
just now are stronger in a military
sense."
The Deutsche Tages Zeitung says:
"Germany unquestionably has the
strongest interest in maintaining the
independence of the Boer states, which
form a natural wall of protection
against the British possessions. The
people must demand that the Govern
ment vigorously protect these impor
tant interests. The only way to avoid
annihilation of the German colonies is
to get Germany. Holland and Belgium
to join In any direct emigration there,
especially to the Boer States."'
The Leipsic Neuste Nachrichten as
serts that if the Transvaal loses. Ger
man South Africa can no longer be
held. Great Britain then being enabled I
to isolate it economically until it be- j
comes worthless and drifts into English
hands, adding: "The Boers defend the j
advance post of German civilization
against Anglo-Saxondom and fight as
our advance guard."
The Deutsche Zeitung severely
blames the Government for its inac
tivity in the quarrel, saying: "This is
a dangerous game for German inter
ests."
In spite of these criticisms, many of
which are moßt bitter, the Government
has not altered Its views or attitude.
This is evident from the inspired utter
ances of the Government press.
The Hamburger correspondent again
points out that Germany can only look
on in the struggle, adding:- "Germany
in this respect is situated precisely like
France, whose sympathies are with the
Boers."
I A Foreign Office official said to a cor
r*%pohdenr""heFe~. of v ~the ~ Associated
Press: "Of course it is in no sense to
our interest to have England and the
Transvaal go to war. That little Boer
nation will finally succumb and prob
ably will be wiped out of existence. It
is only too likely that this will dimin
ish our prestige in South Africa and in
jure our not inconsiderable interests
there, for our trade with the Boer
States is increasing and is only next to
that of England. Other interests will
also be jeopardized and injured in such
a struggle. Still there is no occasion
and no political or moral right for us
to interfere. So long as our undoubted
rights are respected by the belligerents
we shall not interfere." -
The informant of the correspondent
refused .to say whether it was a dis
tinct formal understanding with Great
Britain or whether the agreement of a
year ago on the subject of South Africa
included German neutrality in the
event of war in the Transvaal.
MORE DEMANDS, MORE
TROOPS, MORE BULLETS
CAPE TOWN. Sept. 23.— The Ums
land, the Afrikander Bund organ, cora
; menting on the British Cabinet meet
. ing, heads its article: "More Demands.
More Troops, More Dumdum Bullets."
\ It says there is no casus belli, but that
| the British troops on the border are
' likely to make one. and hopes the Afri
! kanders' protest will be heeded before it
j is too late.
GORDON HIGHLANDERS
DEPART FOR NATAL
BOMBAY. Sept. 23.— The second bat
talion of the Gordon Highlanders and
other detachments of troops sailed to
day on three transports for Natal.
CUBANS FAVOR AN
AMERICAN PROTECTORATE
Recent Editorial Appearing in a
Prominent Journal Tend to
Such a View.
HAVANA. S^pt. 23.— Much comment has
been caused by an editorial article which
appeared in La Lucha to-day and which
may be taken, in connection with others
which have recently appeared in the
same paper, to mean that La Lucha is
beginning to favor an American protect
orate over the island. The editorial pays:
"The social and moral progress of Cuba
depends upon the island's wealth and fu
ture commerce, which is entirely in the
hands of the United States. If the Amer
ican colonies obtain preference in the
American market Cuba, however fertile
and rich she may be, will be unable to
sell her products and consequently will
be reduced to beggary. If the United
States open their markets to Cuba they
are bound to have compensation. The
people of Cuba should bear in mind the
fact that they cannot progress without
an American market."
DOMESTIC INFELICITY
OF WALES AND WIFE
The Prince Said to Have Paid Too
Much Attention to Fascinat
ing- Mrs. Keppsl.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24.— The World's
correspondent in London cables that the
domestic felicity of the Prince and
Princess of Wales is now at the lowest
possible ebb. The Princess is growing: al
most eccentrically self-absorbed and
pious, while the Prince's determination
to get the best he can out of life, accord
ing to his conception, is less and less dis
guised.
The Prince has been having a highly en
joyable visit to Sir Archibald Edmon
stone's Scottish seat, Duntreath Castle.
The party was almost wnolly a family
DR. F. F. TEBBETS IS
CHARGED WITH CRIME
Is Accused by Dr, L. T, Cranz
of Selling Certificates,
State Board of Dental Examiners to Meet
in Special Session To-Morrow to Inves
tigate the Charges.
DR. LOUIS T. CRANZ is hot on the
trail of Dr. F. F. Tebbets of the
State Board of Dental Examiners.
He states that he is in possession
of absolute proof that the ac
cused member has ben using h!s posi
tion for illicit purposes for some time and
has been endeavoring to establish a traf
fic in illegal dental certificates, which he
offered to sell at prices ranging all the way
from $75 to $1000. The Governor will call
a special meeting of the board for
Monday to investigate the charges. Teb
bets will not be given a chance to resign,
and if the assertions against his honesty
in office are proven he will be summaniy
decapitated.
The exclusive publication in yesterday's
Call of the impending scandal was a
shock to the dental fraternity. The state
ment tha: influence had been brought to
bear on the Governor to save Tebbets' of
ficial head and that that pu'.l had de
terred the Chief Executive from acting
more promptly is emphatically deni' .
Dr. Cranz. He said:
"When I presented my formal charges
to the Governor he wanted to <.':.
Tebbets without any delay. He said that
a man who had done as he had done
would not stop at anything and that it
would not be safe to let him remain in
office. I pleaded for delay, to give me an
opportunity to complete the evidence in
the case and get certain testimony that
would establish guilt beyond doubt. That
evidence was secured yesterday and 1 at
once telegraphed Dr. Metcau at Sacra
mento to inform the Governor that I was
:■ ••:•.■ to proceed."
According to the statements made yes
terday by Dr. Cranz to a representative
of The "Call the Governor knew many
months ago that there was crook
in the State Board of Dental Examiners,
but he was unable to locate the guilty
parties. Cranz owed his appointment on
the board to the influence of Major Mc-
Laughlin and bad never met the Gover
nor previous to the time when the prize
was presented to him.
"At our first meeting." said Dr. Cranz,
"the Governor intimated to me that there
wa.« something wrong on the board and
that he looked to me to ferret it out.
Previous to my appointment I learned
that Dr. Tebbets was making Inquiries if
I was a man that could be reached. He
was told that 1 was not a drinking man
ar.d that did not seem to please him.
"After the last meeting of the State
Board adjourned we all went to a saloon
and while there Tebbets called me aside
and told me he had some important in
formation to communicate. I suspected
what was coming and put him off for a
few 'lays. In the meantime I told Major
McLaughlin of the occurrence and asked
his advice in the matter.
"I was told to lead Tebbets on and get
at the bottom of what he was dome.
Some days later I met Tebbets, and he
asked me if I was in for making some
big money easily. I told him that I was
and he said without any hesitation that
he had a man who was willing to pay
$1000 for a dental certificate. I agr
stand in with him. His Intended victim
was a Chinaman, but the deal was not
CHINESE TROOPS CUT
DOWN BY THE REBELS
Imperial Force Falls Into Ambush at
Saichau and Several Hundred Sol
diers Are Slain.
VICTORIA B. C. Sept. 23.— Oriental advices received by the Idsu Maru
to-night chronicle a sanguinary encounter between Chinese imperial
troops and the rebels at Saichau, the former being defeated with a
loss of several hundred warriors. Referring tn the meeting of the
rival forces, the correspondent on the field of the Hongkong Pres3
■wired as follows from Canton:
"The Nahoi Magistrate Yiang. sent tr> suppress the disturbance at Sai
chau and arrest the brigands, upon his arrival found his force not strong
enough and requested reinforcements. The Viceroy, in compliance, sent 300
men of the Ngai regiment, under Colonel Choi Chui. This force was con
veyed by four gunboats to Lokahwai, where they were to disembark and
march to Saichau, but when they landed they fell into an ambush. The
enemy was in strong force and had from forty to fifty pieces of artillery.
"A terrible fight ensued and several hundred were killed, the imperial
loss being far the greatest. Upon the news of the defeat of the imperial
troops being received by the Viceroy, his Excellency dispatched the black
flag chief. Liv Yung Fu. with his four regiments to the rescue. These [eft
on the 13th by the gunboats Kwong Yuen, Kwang Lee, On Ching, Kiungui
and Kwong On.
"The imperial troops already on the field have suspended operations
fnr the present, pending the arrival of the black flags. The brigands set
fire to nearly all the villages in the neighborhood, and 90 per cent of the
houses have been burned. This is intended to terrify the authorities."
Another correspondent wires: "Intelligence has been received in Can
ton of the disastrous and signal defeat of the imperial troops by the bandits
in the West River districts. A body of about 500 soldiers has, in effect, been
cut to pieces. About half the numbar were killed outright, and a majority
of the remainder wounded. The engagement took place at a place called
Colkow, on the West River, and the fight was fiercely maintained, the im
perialists being surprised and scouted. The rebels only lost about fifty or
sixty men. A fresh force, consisting of some 2<>oo men, has been dispatched
from Canton to suppress the insurrection. They are likely to find all their
work cut out for them."
one including Sir Archibald's fascinating
sister, Mrs. George Keppel. The Prince
drove out in the woods every day with
Mrs. Keppel and this was more than the
Princess could bear.
FORTIFICATIONS ON
SUBIG BAY DESTROYED
United States Vessels Shell the
Stronghold of the Rebels at
Olangapo.
MANILA. Sept. 24, 11:15 a. m..— The
United States cruiser Charleston, the
monitor Monterey, the gunboat Concord
and the supply ship Zafiro this morning
attacked Olangapo, on Subig Bay.
The warships, after briskly bombarding
Oiangapo, landed two hundred and fifty
sailors, who destroyed the insurgents' po
sition. One American was wounded.
♦
MONUMENT UNVEILED.
Erected to Commemorate Memory of
Mosby's Guerillas.
RICHMOND, Va., Sept. 23.— Five thou
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
consummated. This is not the only man
that Tebbets was working. He had a
party who offered $250 for a certificate,
and " another whose limit was $75. In
the latter instance the money actually
changed hands. Tebbets is what I would
call a 'cheap guy', he was out for any
thing from a nickel up.
"W hen this investigation take 3 place
the whole matter will be fully exposed. I
have all the evidence necessary to prove
every charge I have made.
'•I was hrst told that . ebbeta was not
straight by Dr. J. L. Asay and Dr. L. M.
Finmgan at San Jose. They represented
to me that they had been victims of Teb
bey?' crookedness. Tebbets admitted to
members of the State Board when they
cornered him on the proposition that his
actions as an official would not bear in
spection, and to Drs. Metcalf. Bachman
and Moore he promised to hand in his
resignation at once. This he failed to do."
The Governor does not appear to have
the same understanding of the matter as
Dr. Crar.z. The Governor insists that no
specific or formal charges were made
against Dr. Tebbets. as the following dis
patch from the capital shows:
SACRAMENTO, Sept. Governor
Gage was seen this afternoon upon his
arrival from lone by a reporter and asked
if charges had been filed against Dr. F.
F. Tebbets. member of the State Board
of Dental Examiners, and if so what dis
position had been made of the charges.
Governor Gage made the following reply
to the question: "I have heard that there
was trouble between Dr. Cranz and Dr.
Tebbets. My attention was directed to
statements and rumors against Tebbets,
but do written charges have been filed
with me. or, to my knowledge, at all.
"Those who have approached me on this
subject, and who have professed to have
knowledge, 1 have requested to make
written charges, If there were any
grounds for the same, and state the
grounds, so that I might have something
upon which to proceed. No written
charges have ever been filed by anybody.
"At the same time I am. and have been,
looking into the matter in my own way.
Written charges should always be filed
by those who know of wrong-doing in
any State institution or by any State
official, but If they are not filed I never
theless feel it my duty to investigate even
verbal charges if they emanate from an
apparently reliable source.
"I wish that justice may always be
done, and that the administration of State
affairs in all branches of S*ate govern
ment may be honest and clean. Dr. T°b
bets was not an appointee of mine, but
of my predecessor. Governor Budd. Con
sequently I wish to proceed in this mat
ter very" carefully, that no imputation of
bias may attach to the proceedings. I
intend to probe the matter to the bot
tom, as I did the Agnews affair, but shall
be absolutely sure of my ground before
I act, and In no event take snap judg
ment.
"I have been carefully examining into
all branches of the State government,
whether charges have been preferred or
not, in order to ascertain if they are con
ducted in a businesslike manner and on
a correct basis; for I feel that to do this
has been intrusted to me by the people.
So far as it lies in my power the people
shall have a businesslike and honest ad
ministration in all State institutions and
State offices."
sand Virginians. West Virginians. oM
Confederates from nearly every Southern
State and men and women from as far
north as Xew York witnessed the unveil
ing of a monument erected by the sur
vivors of Colonel John S. Mosby's famous
command to the memory of seven of their
comrades shot and hanged at Fort Royal
during the Civil War. Over 20u of Mog
by's men were in attendance. The ora
tion of the day was delivered by Major
A. E. Richards of Louisville, Ky.
AUSTRIAN MINISTERS
RESIGN IN A BODY
Cabinet Crisis Caused by the Failure
to Terminate the Parliamen
tary Deadlock.
VIENNA, Sept. 23.— At a Cabin Council
this morning the Ministers resolved to
resign in a body. The Premier and Min
ister of the Interior. Count Thun-Hoden
stein, saw the Emperor at 10 o'clock and
tendered the resignation of the Cabinet.
The crisis was caused by the impossibil
ity of terminating the parliamentary
deadlock.2
GERMAN DIPLOMATS INTIMATE
DREYFUS WAS A SPY FOR RUSSIA
This is a e-neral view of the valley and city of Carpentras. with the aqueduct which enters the city on the south- <?>
$> east in the foreground and Mount Vintoux In the distance. +
Special Dleixitcb to The CalL
BERLIN, Sept 23.— The Dreyfus
excitement has largely subsided
here since the pardon, though |
many papers express the belief
_ that the mystery surrounding
the case will one day be removed. Oth- ,
eta M-y the end is wholly unsatisfac
tory, in military and diplomatic cir
cles the idea seems to prevail that
Dreyfus was indeed a spy, but for Rus-
Thia has found utterance in many
rs.
An Interesting outcome of the case is
the fact thai the Emperor, who has
deeply stirred by the revelations
made at Rennes of the espionage sys
tem between France and Germany, of
the extent ay.d elaborateness of which
be has hitherto been ignorant, has ln
etructed General yon Hahnke, chief of
his private military cabinet, to thor
oughly investigate how and to what ex
tent m can be abolished or re
duced to a minimum.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns reliably that his Majesty,
above all, was startled by the fact that
the military attaches of both countries,
while personally men of the nicest
sense of honor, had been so deeply md
d in the scandal, and he instructed
General yon Hahnke to ascertain if it
sible for Germany tti tSke the
Initiative In abolishing extraterritor
lalty for attaches and other members of
embassies, thus abolishing the
i.ous and dangerous form of
espion
The correspondent of the Associated
Press understands that General yon
Hahnke has reported that it is impod
STAGE ROBBED
NEAR WESTFALL
The Highwaymen Did
Not Molest the Pas
sengers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, Sept. 23.— Three armed
men to-night held up the stage running
between WestfaU and Ontario. They
rifled the letter pouches and packed the
registered letter pouch away with them.
The driver was relieved of what money
he had and his watch, but the passengers
were not molested, although on-, of th.-m
was on ■ stock-buying trip and had over
$*nh) in bills on him. The amount or
v In the registered mail is not
known hut it is known there were two
packages which are supposed to
have contained money being sent into
Westf&U to make payments on cattle that
bad Just been sent to Ontario for snip-
The robbers Belected an ideal spot for
their exploit The Ftage has to pans
through a narrow gorge with low rock
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SMALL SICKNESSES.
Do Not Neglect Them— They Often
Grow Into Larger Ones.
Piles are painful, persistent, hard to
cure, but they can be cured. There is just
one remedy that will do It. It is a recent
discovery, but it has been on the market
long enough to have the indorsement of
leading physicians and the recommenda-
tion of thousands of cured patients.
Pyramid Pile Cure acts quickly and di-
rectly. It cures the cause of the trouble.
Cures It so that the effect is permanent.
A great many salves and ointments will
give relief for a few mir.utes. That is not
what is wanted. Pyramid Pile Cure will
cure any sort of piles; blind, itching or
bleeding. It will cure the lightest or the
most aggravated case. The first applica-
tion will do more good than a dozen
boxes of any of the many of tho so-culled
cures now sold. Head these letters. They
are from people who havo tried it.
Mr. J. W. Rollins, a gentleman living at
Sweet Springs. Mo., writes briefly and to
the point regarding his experience with
Piles. He says: I consider the Pyramid
Pile Cure without an eQual. It cured me
in less than thirty days. I waited fifteen
days or more to be sure the remedy had
fully cured me before writing you. I can
now say I AM CURED and I shall recom-
mend the Pyramid Pile. Cure at every
possible opportunity because IT DE-
SKRVES IT.
Miss Easter Nunley of Tracy City,
Te.nn., writes: The Pyramid Pile Cure has
done my sister more good than anything
Bhe has ever taken I have nothing but
words of warm commendation for it.
From J. D. Roberts, Mount Moriah,
Mo.: I have used the Pyramid Pile Cure
and results havo been entirely satisfac-
tory- There can be no question but that
it Ik certain and lasting cure for piles—
at least it has so proven in my case.
All druggists sell full-sized packages of
Pyramid Pile Cure for fifty cents.
Address Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich., for little book on cure of Piles,
mailed free. j
DREYFUS' PLACE OF RETREAT.
sible for one state, especially a military
one, to do this alone. He gave many
potent reasons for this view.
PARIS. Sept. 23.— The proclamation
of the Minister of War. General de Gal
lifet, to the army, declaring the Drey
fus incident closed, has excited keen
opposition among the Dreyfusards,
R idl< als and Socialists. It Is rumored
that an attempt will be made to oust
the Minister of War from the Cabinet.
It is said he issued the proclamation
without consulting his fellow Ministers.
Snme of the papers criticising him are
in dose touch with several of the Min
isters, and General de Gallifet is cred
ited with saying: *
"They want to get rid of me. I am
quite prepared to go. But I don't mean
to go alone. Either all of them disap
pear with me or I stop where I am."
HISTORIC PLACE WHERE
DREYFUS IS RECUPERATING
The little city to which Captain Alfred
Proyfus has gone to recuperate his
physical and mental health so wasted
and tried during his? five years" imprison
ment on Devils Island and seven weeks'
baiting by the Military Court of Rennes.
is most admirably adapted to this pur
pose. It is Bituated in the valley of the
Auxon River, an affluent of the Tthone,
near the foot of Mount Vintoux and about
fifteen miles from the famous city of
Avignon. Its scenery is unsurpassed in
its soft, yet picturesque, beauty, as is
also its climate, than which there is none
finer even in the south of France.
Carpentras is the capital of the arron
dissement of the same name, in the De
partment of Vancluse and has a popula
tion of some 90<X». It is the seat of a
walls on each side. The gorge Is lined I
with underbrush, in which the robbers
concealed themselves. The driver failed
to comply with the demand to throw up
his hands, being apparently paralyzed a
few moments by fear and the leader of
the bandits sent a shot flying uncomfoit
ably close to his head. At this the horses
started to run and one of them broke
away. When the stage came to a stand
still the passengers bounced out. but the
robbers compelled them to get back .Into
the coach. driver was pulled from
The frightened driver was pulled from
his seat and the express box, which, it is
said, contained little of value, was taken.
The mail was rifled, the letters being
ripped open hurriedly and thrown back
into the pack. The registered sack was
carried off. » ... , ,
The robbers sent the stage on with only
two horses, one of them being wounded.
They left the scene without taking to the
road, as it was easy to pass through the
brush and escape over the prairie.
Though only three presented themselves, ;
from the tracks it Is believed there were ,
more. A posse has been sent in pursuit. |
It is believed the robbers are part of
the same gang that it was feared would
hold up the west bound Oregon Short
Line train last Saturday night. On that j
and every other night since the train has :
carried a heavy guard.
MRS. KNUDSON'S BODY
FOUND IN THE RIVER
The Supposition Is That She Com
mitted Suicide While Tempo
rarily Insane.
REDDING, Sept. 23.— The distracted rel
atives of Mrs. Louisa D. Knudson were
relieved to-day by the finding of the body
of that unfortunate woman in the river.
Even the knowledge of death itself was
a relief compared with the uncertainty
that existed concerning the lady's fate.
While suffering from temporary mental
aberration as the result of sickness and
worry Mrs. Knudson left her home on
Thursday, September 14. Since the night
of her departure she has never been seen
alive. She undoubtedly committed sui
cide by drowning.
A very thorough search was made for
the missing woman, but all to no avail
until Saturday afternoon when Carey
Chapman discovered the body floating
down the river at a point about two miles
below town. The sorrowing relatives havo
the evmpathy of the entire community.
The funeral will be held at 10 o'clock Sun
day morning and will be very generally
attended.
LIQUID AIR COMPANY.
Formed for the Purpose of Develop
ing a New Patent.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— The organiza
tion of the Tripler Liquid Air Company,
with a capitalization of $10,000,000, has
been completed. The company is organ
ized for tho purpose of acquiring all pat
ent rights, patents and processes for the
manufacture and utilization of liquid air
for all purposes, as developed by Charles
E. Tripler. The officers of the company
are: Charles E. Tripler, president; Frank
J. Cannon, vice president; P. Reynolds,
secretary, and E. A. Kirkham, treasurer.
YELLOW FEVER STATUS.
Forty New Cases and Three Deaths
Reported in Key West.
KEY WEST, Fla., Sept. 23.— New cases
of yellow fever number forty and deaths
number three. The weather continues
rainy and favorable for the spread of the
fever.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 23.— The Board
of Health announces one new case of
yellow fever to-day. No deaths.
New Oil Company.
SALINAS, Sept. 23.— Articles of incor
poration of the Monterey Oil Company
havo just been filed with the County Clerk
here^ The new concern has a capital stock
of $1,000,000. The company's property liea
in the counties of Monterey, San Benito
and Fresno. Some valuable land is owned
by it.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
Buperior Court, has a communal college
with a large attendance of students; a
library of over 30,000 volumes, with some
$00 manuscripts, many of which are of
great rarity and the highest value.
Once a place of much political import
ance, it still holds a good place in manu
factures, embracing silk and cotton
threads and cloths, potteries, chemicals,
dye stuffs and leather, besides a large
trade in honey, wax, grain, fruit, trullies
and cattle, rivaling in extent that of its
larger neighbor, Orange, in spite of the
more advantageous situation of the latter.
The city, built in a fertile valley, is
watered by the Auzon River, which at
the same time furnishes tine water power
for its factories, and is overlooked by
Mount Vintoux, on which was established
some years ago one of the prjncipal sig
nal stations and observatories in the
south of France. All of which, besides its
historical associations, tend to make it a
place of Interest and enjoyment to the
weary man who there seeks shelter and
rest. It is one of the oldest cities in all
of France. Its origin and the time of its
foundation are not definitely known.
Before the conquest of Gaul by Julius
Caesar there existed on the site of the
present city another called Carpentoracte,
of which Pliny speaks under the name of
■Mt mini." In the course of time a
Roman colony grew up around the old
Gallic town, as a nucleus, which took the
name of Farum Meonis and in time be
came one of the richest and most import
ant places in all southern Gaul.
It was then taken and ravaged by the
Goths Vandals and Lambords in turn dur
ing the time of the decadence and final
dissolution of the Koman empire and
aealn later in the eighth century by the
Moors from Spain, when they overran the
! southern part of France, before being
hurled back by Charles Martel from the
bloody Held of Tours. When Clement V
an Aguitanian by birth, was invested
with the tiara, he transferred the Papal
court from Rome to Avignon and four
years later fixed his residence at Carpen
tras, where a good part of the years of
OLD WOMAN'S
HOARD STOLEN
She Was Afraid to Put It
in Banks.
Bc»clal Dispatch to The Call.
CITY OF MEXICO, Sept. 23.— A sensa
tional robbery took place yesterday in a
.suburb of this city. Guadalupe Vasquez.
an old woman 85 years of age, living with
her widowed daughter, was the victim.
The women were alone and employed no
servants, which is unusual in this coun
try among the people having property.
Every one thought them exceedingly poor,
but this was only apparent, for they had
a great sum of money in the house, there
being kept in a steel box no less than
$50 000 in bank bills, the proceeds of the
eale of a hacienda near this city. Be
sides this sum there were many thou
sands of dollars kept in the wardrobes,
in stockings or between the leaves of
books.
In some way news that the women had
a great amount of money got to the ears
of some men who came to the house and
hired a large corral at its rear tor the
purpose, she says, of keeping pigs. Their
purpose was robbery, ac now appears, and
yesterday morning, the mother being
alone in the house, these men came and
on the pretense of having a message to
deliver were let in by the old woman,
whom they seized and bound with ropes.
They then took the steel box with the
$50,000 and decamped, but omitted to search
for other money. The women, on being
interrogated by the police, said they had
heard that bank clerks had been stealing
money from banks, and they were afraid
to deposit their funds. Many arrests have
been made, and -tho police are confident
they have discovered the robbers.
INSANITY CURED BY
LYMPH FROM GOATS
Success Attested of a Remarkable
Discovery Made by a Phy
sician of Missouri.
JOL.IET, 111., Sept. 23.— Irwln Fuller
Bush, a young married man of this city,
was sent to the Kankakee Asylum last
March pronounced hopelessly Insane. To
day, through treatment with lymph from
the glands of coats, Bush is home, com
pletely restored in mind and body.
The" lymph was discovered by Dr. Rob
erta, a physician of Greene City, Mo. Its
application for Insanity cases was dem
onstrated at a Chicago laboratory, wlieje
Bush was taken last June. He was sub
jected to injections of the lymph, show-
Ing steady improvement until he was dis
charged last Thursday, cured. Dr. Rob
erts nas gone to Europe to lay his dis
covery before Professor Koch of Berlin
and other foreign scientlEta.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Orders, Postal Changes and
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— The Postof
fice Department will allow an extra letter
carrier at Stockton on October 1.
Army orders: By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War, Private Carl
F. Bucy, Battery N, Sixth Artillery, now
at Honolulu, will be discharged from the
service of the United States. Hospital
Stewardß Kenneth G. Kinkaid, Patrick
O'Brien and Benjamin T. Raikes, general
hospital, Presidio, San Francisco, will be
sent to the Philippine Islands. Musician
George A. Derby. Company F, Twenty
sixth Infantry, Presidio, San Francisco,
will be discharged from the service. The
following named enlisted men, upon tholr
own application, will be placed upon the
retired list: Ordnance Servant Parker
H. Dice, Benlcia Arsenal; Sergeant John
the "Babylonish captivity." as it was
called, was spent by his successors
through the general influence of the free
men of the court and the strife and jeal
ousies engendered In the selection of new
Popes were rather hurtful to the perma
nent welfare of the city. About 1350 Car
pentras was visited by a very Disastrous
conflagration, which destroyed many of
its finest edifices. About 1358 Pope Inno
cent VI undertook to repair the damage
which had been done by the tire, but his
elaborate plans were never fully carried
out, as he died in 1362, and the great
schism following shortly after, attention
was distracted to political intrigue rather
than rebuilding the city. Some grand
works were, however, carried to comple
tion, especially the magnificent ramparts
by which the city was surrounded, a good
part of which is in evidence to-day. Ibe
walls were very high and massive, nearly
1 In the form of a square, on each comer of
which stood a strong round tower, /oiir
i gates, opening to the four points of the
i compass, gave passage in and out, each
i piercing through a massive round tower.
I except that of Notre Dame, opening
toward Orange, which had two towers a
hundred and fifteen feet in height. These
are still standing in good preservation
and are very noticeable for their massive
I structure and splendid battlements. Tnn
I parochial church, formerly a cathedral,
is a splendid specimen of the art of its
time. It was built by the anti-Pope Be
noit XIII in the latter part of the four
teenth century on the site of a former
church and dedicated to St. Siffrien, an
early Bishop of Carpentras. In this
church are six figures of the adoring an
fels. by Bernue, and a fine portrait of
t. Thomas Aquinas.
Adjoining the church is the Palace of
Justice, a structure of vast proportions,
built in IG4O by the famous Cardinal Bl
chi. then Bishop of Carpentras, as his
episcopal residence.
Carpentras has many fine promenades.
The one called the "Terrasse dcs Pla
tanes," overlooking the valley which
stretches between the town and Mount
Vintoux affords a panorama of beauty
and grandeur 6eldom to be found.
One of the most ancient as well as most
interesting sights about the city is the
Arch of Triumph of Carpentras, thought
by many to have been erected in honor of
Claudius, but assigned by others to the
time of Aurelian, and others yet to the
time of Dlo Cletian, 284-306 A. D. The
most noticeable structure of the whole
vicinity, however, is the very picturesque
aqueduct shown in the accompanying cut,
which supplies the city with potabla
water from the purest sources. It Is six
miles long and was built in 1720-34 at the
enormous cost for the time of 800.000
livres.
To the right of the aqueduct as it en
ters the city is the quarter where most of
the Jewish inhabitants, of whom Car
pentras has quite a number, live and do
business. They have a synagogue and
enjoy a freedom in regard to religion and
the education of their children not found
in many cities of lower France.
Mathews, Company G. Fourteenth Infan
try, Presidio, San Francisco; First Ser
geant William Nicholson, Sixth Artillery,
Camp McKinJey, Honolulu. Captain Eben
K. Pent on, assistant commissioner of sub
sistence, now at Detroit, will proceed to
San Francisco. First Lieutenant John W.
l'.arker. Third Infantry, is relieved from
further recruiting duty at Norfolk, and
will proceed to San Francisco. Acting
Assistant Surgeon Howell wjll proceed
from Port Royal to San Francisco.
Pensions: California: Original — "Wel
lington H. Turner, San Francisco, $6.
Washington: Original widows, etc.—
Phebe Neel, mother, Pullman, $12.
LOS ANGELES WELCOMES
THE BOYS OF BATTERY D
Street Parade in the Morning Fol
lowed by Lunch and a
Concert.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 23.— One hundred
and sixteen men and five officers of Bat
tery D, California Heavy Artillery, ar
rived here to-day and were accorded a
hearty welcome homo. As soon as the
train bearing the soldiers arrived at River
station a tremendous noise of whistles,
horns, bells and human voices com
menced.
There was a monster parade, which
formed at the Seventh Regiment Armory
at 10:30 o'clock and marched to the depot,
including the Seventh Regiment, G. A. R.
posts, Sons of Veterans, Native Sons, Red
Cross Society and members of the police
and fire departments, all under command
of Brigadier General C. F. A. Last.
After exchanging greetings at River sta
tion the line was re-formed and marched
to the armory through the center of the
city along Main and Spring streets. At
the armory a dinner was served. The aft
ernoon was spent by the boys in enter
taining friends at the armory and in see
ing the city. .
This evening the public formal reception
took place in the open air at Central Park.
Battery D, escorted by the Seventh Regi
ment, Nationsl Guard, marched from the
armory to the park, where the boys from
Manila were given a preferred position
near the grand stand. They were greeted
by cheers from thousands, and the band
played patriotic airs. When it wan possi
ble for him to be heard Mayor Eaton de
livered an address of welcome to the re
turned soldiers and was followed by Will
A. Harris, who delivered an oration
which was cheered to the echo. The band
then struck up "There'll Be a Hot Time
In the Old Town To-Night"— and there
was.
Beception at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 28.—
The members of the Encina Club to-night
gave a concert and reception to the young
ladies of the university. Th« clubroOtM
and lobby of the large dormitory wiri
profusely decorated for tho OOOAiton
Music was furnished by Yunkft'n orctiai
tra. while a short programmo won rtn
dered by local talent. Tlif pfttrotir^wpn
were: Mesdames Jordan, Htlllrnnn in >n
ncr, Hudson, Hodges, Smith and I'ngn.
Advances made on furniture ami planna. win.
or without removal. J.Noonan. 1017 lira MIDKIoH
"Uneasy Lies the Head
That Wears a Crown/*
But such are not the only uneasy heads,
(hjerworked, harrassed, anxious people of
all ages and both sexes are uneasy <with
aches, pains, impure blood, disordered
stomachs, deranged kidneys and liver.
For all such, Hood's SarsaparUla is the
effective and faultless cure. It infuses
fresh life through purified blood.
NAVY TO STUDY
WIRELESS SYSTEM
•
Officers to Watch Call-
Herald Service.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.—
Acting Secretary Allen approved to-day |
a recommendation of Rear Admiral R. B.
Bradford, chief of the bureau of equip- |
ment, that three officers of the navy be
detailed to witness the practical opera
tion of the Marconi system of wireless j
telegraphy for the New York Herald and j
San Francisco Call in the coming inter- j
national yacht races. Two officers have |
so far been selected— Lieutenant George
W. Denfold and Lieutenant John T. New
ton, both naval electrical experts. Lieu
tenant Denfold Is on duty as assistant
to Rear Admiral Bradford and has
charge of electrical matters under the
immediate direction of his superior. Lieu- j
tenant Newton is on duty at the Brook- :
lyn navy yard. Another officer will be
selected on* Monday, and perhaps a fourth |
should The Call and Herald establish two 1
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
;^^++++++hk+++ utt ♦♦'+♦♦♦♦^♦♦♦♦♦++♦1
I BEWARE 1
I OF IMITATIONS I
■♦■» .-. ■ . .. . ■ 4-
X ■ '••■ ■ X
X The genuine • DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT is for sale and can +
♦ be seen ONLY at my offices, Nos. 16 and 18 Third street, San Fran- t
% Cisco, and at my branch office in the Russel building, Portland, Or. ■£
f . Beware of Bogus Belts which are sold under the name of "Sanden J
X Electric Belt. These so-called belts are sold at a discount, and are not J
t my belt at all, and neither do they generate a current of Electricity. If i
X you seek aid for any Ache, Pain or Weakness, see my advertisement on ■£
t another page of this paper. I am the Original Dr. Sanden, and can supply +
I the only- original Dr. Sanden Electric Belt. I send my latest book, +
♦ . "THREE. CLASSES OF MEN," to any ADDRESS, sealed, FREE, or . J
X if you live near enough call at my office any day from 9to 6— Sundays >
■♦-' 11 to. I— and test the belt. I will forfeit $5000 if the current cannot be ♦
X instantly felt after the Belt is properly charged. +
+ Remember these Belts are not for sale at any place but my offices, ♦
X and other Belts under, the name of "Sanden" are Bogus. ±
i- DR. T. A. SANDEN, 18 - 7 £22£Z* r : . ±
X "^
♦ 4.4.4-44-44 444- 4 44- ♦♦ ♦ ♦ 4+>+-» 4-4-4-4- 4- -M-f 4- ♦ + ♦>■■*• ♦♦ ♦ 4-4- •»-»-♦•»■♦♦♦
Free Cure for Baldness.
Trial Package of a Remarkable Remedy to Convince People
It Actually Grows Hair,
Prevents Hair Falling Out, Removes Dandruff, Restores Prematurely Gray
Hair to Natural Color, Stops Itching and Restores Luxu-
riant Growth to Eyebrows, Eyelashes and
Shining Scalps.
MISS EMMA EMOND. . .
(Before Sending for a Free Trial Package) (After Using: the Free ' Trial anfl • Following
nir»ptlnna\
Those who are losing their hair or have
parted with their locks can have It restored
by a remedy that is sent free to all. A Cin-
cinnati firm has concluded that the best way
to convince people that hair can be grown on
nny head Is to let them try it, and see for
themselves. All sorts of theories have been
advanced to account for falling hair, but after
all. It la the remedy we are after and not the
theory. People who need more hair, or are
anxious to save what they have or from sick-
ness, dandruff or other causes have lost their
hair should at once send their name and ad-
dress to the Altenhelm Medical Dispensary. 149
Butterfleld Building, Cincinnati, 0., and they
will forward prepaid by mall, a sufficient free
trial packaKe of their remedy to fully prove
Its remarkable action in quickly removing all
trace of dandruff and scalp diseases and forcing
a new growth of hair. The remedy Is not a
new experiment and no one need fear that it
Is harmful. It cured John Bruner, Postmaster
of Millville. Henry Co., Ind., and he strongly
urges every one to try it. A Methodist preach-
er, Victor A. Faigaux, of Tracy City. Term.,
was perfectly bald on his forehead for many
years, but has now a fine growth. Mrs. C. W.
Castleman, 843 Main St., Riverside, Pal., re-
ports her husband's shiny nead now covered
with soft fine hair and she. too, has derived
wonderful benefit. Among others who have
imod tlii> romfdy are Geo. Diefenbach, Genl.
Ant. of the Hi* Four R. R. of Dayton. Ohio,
WHOM wlf> was entirely cured of baldness.
Th«» prMl4*nt of Fairmount College. Sulphur,
Ky.. I'rof. ]i. F. Turner, was bald for thirty
MEN >kkl now lias a splendid growth of hair
fi'.Mi ImvhiK tried this remurkuble rennvly.
Uiii.> to iluy for a free trial packaw*. It will
lid inti l lo.l nerurely praled In a plain wrapper,
•m ilml II may bo tried privately at home.
CALIFORNIA
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY.
Location of Property and Oil Welli,
McKITTRICK, KERN CO., CAL.
OFFICERS:
J M. MERRELL President
WILLIAM J. DINOEE Vice President
DIRECTOR 6:
C H KINO JAMES T. HAMILTON.
M. J. LATMANCE.
WALTER O. BEATIE Treasurer
OFFICES.
Booms 16- W, second floor, 460 Eighth st.,
Mills bldg., San Francisco. Oakland. Cal.
stations on shore for the receipt of mes-
Jonipa P n r ; P e°ach S The Call-Herald's tag .
and one shall be at each of the shore
stations so that they will be able to ob
serve for themselves the practical ope
ration of the wireless system.
Rear Admiral Bradford is also making
preparations for experiments which 1 will
be conducted by the navy after the yacht
m
the other which will accompany the fleet
to witness the experiments, and "e^ten
probation and it only remains to per
fe,t details^uth Marconi. chlef
for military, service should the results
be considered satisfactory.
WAS DEVOID OF HAIR.
PECULIAR PLIGHT OF A SALEM
GIRL-ENTIRELY BALD.
What a Trial Package of a Remedy
Did for Her.
The portraits of Miss Emma Emond show
what a striking difference la made In a person
when the bald head Is covered with hair. Miss
Emond was totally hald. the hair follicles not
only upon her head hut upon her eyebrows be-
ing completely contracted, not the slgrn of a
hair being found. Of course she was the object
of many experiments, all of which failed, and
the offer of a well known dispensary to send a
free trial of their remedy was peculiarly allur-
ing to her. Bhe sent for the free trial, followed
all directions falthfullv and soon she was re-
warded by a growth of hair, which for thick-
ness, quality and luxuriance was as remark-
able as the result was gratifying. Mts9
Emond lives in Salem, Mass., at 276 Washing-
ton St., and naturally feels very much elated
to recover from total baldness. An itching
scalp to people who nre blessed with hair is a
sign of coming baldness and should be attended
to at once.
The remedy that mused Miss Emond's hair
to k'iiw *!•<> OUTM all nealp Itching and dls-
t>iii>fi», removes dandruff and keeps the hair and
i»oalp Itraithy and vigorous. Trial packages
are mailed free to all who write to the Alten-
helm Me,11.-nl ninpensary, 149 Butterfleld
TIM*. fin.-innntl.O.
Eye=Glass
Troubles
.'■..■ ■
Easily avoided by using our new clip —
don't slip, tilt or waver (50 cents).
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS^ HnT^SPHi"PPARATuS.
"Rio *j HOT c > SCIEMTIFIC V
642 Market St^ ihstrumsntj
> tutu* CKaitiCLt BvuD'Nk
DE. f 3 REMEDIES.
KIDNEY TROUBLE.
The Most Prevalent, Dangerous and
Deceptive Disease.
Thousands Have It and Don't Know It.
Pains and aches come from excess of
uric acid In the blood, dae to neglected
kidney trouble. Kidney trouble uses
quick or unsteady heart beats, and
makes one feel as though they had
heart trouble, because the heart ) 3
overworking to pump the thick, kid-
ney-poisoned blood through the veins
and arteries.
Soreness or uncomfortable feeling i n
the back i-clcates kidney trouble of no
small importance.
The passing of scanty or profuse
quantities of urine is a warning of kid-
ney trouble, If you want to feel well
you can make no mistake by first doc-
toring your kidneys.
The famous new discovery. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, is the true specific
for kidney, bladder and urinary trou-
bles. It has cured thousands of appar-
ently ho.eless cases alter all other ef-
forts have failed. .
Sold on its merits by all druggists In
80-cent and 51 sizes. A sample bottle
sent free by mail to any address. Also
a book telling all about Swamp-Root
and Its wonderful cures, "^hen -writing
address 3r. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton,
N V., and mention that you read this
generous offer in the San Francisco
Sunday Call.
FurnitureiCarpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs la
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc.
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing.
Liberal credit extended to responsible parties.
Inspection of stock cordially Invited. Fr«*
delivery Oakland. Alameda and .Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
ARONSON FURNITURE COMPANY.
338=340 POST ST.,
; BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL.
Opposite Union Square. .'.' v,Y:
1 Telephone Main ISM.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
COMMERCIAL UNION
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 189S, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company JSSB.I4S SI
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 265,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,737,615 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge .
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral .
Cash In Company's Office 18,026 63
Cash in Banks 459.123 03
Interest- due and accrued on all »
. Stocks and Loans 26,654 13
Interest' due and accrued on Bond*
and Mortgages S. 759 03
Premiums " in due Course of Collec-
tion • 899.057 53
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks '.48 Mi
Rents due and accrued 7,414 58
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 3>J7B 53
. . *:'' _________
Total Assets _ -. .$3.508,155 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $59,073 75
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 155.835 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 25,875 00
Gross premiums on Fire Ricks run-
ning one year or less, $1,650.194 83;
re-insurance 50 per cent 840,097 42
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,845,-
-110.75: re-Insurance pro rata 974,207 77
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $15,064 55;
re-Insurance 100 per cent 15,064 63
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $105 00; re-insurance 50 per
cent "50
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 11,849 2!
All other demands against the Com-
pany 57,478,96
Total Liabilities.- $2.220.034 23
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $2,235,875 08
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 100.270 59
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages «.0« S3
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from,
all other sources 78,032 74
ReceiTed for Rents 22,566 67
Total Income .$2,442.793 89
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in- *
eluding losses of previous year5). .. 51,243,172 Sa
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including losses of previous years. 091 00
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ••■• <39.95S 21
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 150,595 01
Paid for State, National and local _._..-.
taxes 71, 804 no
All other payments and expenditures 146.310 74
Total Expenditures .$2.059.431 37
Fire. Marine.
'ffir' *? a .. d " ri .^..%,.74,m 78 Wl9l CO
Risks and Premiums . ' Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
-yea"". . • . . in . g ....' he .l $SOU«.S2P $2,809,230 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the 2S*- 181 - 702 2 .893,079 90
"Risks and Premium^ M^R^sPremlums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the -- 6 1220. 661 51 .
Net amount of Risks j
expired during the 4J>892>482 261.954 75
' &.'?jgL U3M7S 15 " 16955
A h WRAY, U. 8. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of February. 1899. EDWIN F rOREY .
Commissioner for California.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager,
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416-418 California Street.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
< T>TiTTCIJI7G FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DnUJ-i£lO ers. bootblacks, bath-
WU Vfc-»** **•"* hoUl!es billiard tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, eannera,
dyer* flour mills, foundries, laundries. paper-
rangers, printers. painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
VnpnrcUßEß^ijJii Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
/4&j/i»ltt&d«-t.^M White*, unnatural Jig!
Jttnuf Qc*r«_te<xi ■ charges, or any inflnrnma-
■[■*■ not to »4i_tart>. tloa, irritation or uicera-
CyjrTtT«nu ooQt»iio». tlon of m neons mom-
|/7«»VheEv*N3 CheUIOlCo. br «>es. Non-aitrlngeaC
WJS&CINCmNATI.O.RF^I 0111 **y *>ruirccatis
V^#V O. -> x 2aa« or Bent iD pUin wrapper,
J^gMii^sl J4E?Vi £7 express, prepaid, tot
West Call $1.00 wriiarADVERTISE3SEEINTS.
MHIH ♦ M M ♦ ♦ + + ■♦♦♦♦'♦♦♦
I YOU CAN SAVE MONEY ON J
I stylish ]':
I DRESS GOODS !
t FOR FALL X
X IF YOU PURCHASE THEM AT OUR t
+ STORE. +
■+- • -f
+. Monday we will make an extensive .4.
"t" ghawin* of BL * ACK; AND COLORED T
t>RES9 GOODS. T
■ .T" • ■ ■ Everything on view will be the very "▼•
"*" latest style. -"■
"^~ — — — — -♦■
X % 1
- Jl iLvmiL J/iLL +
■■*- THIS WEEK IN .1
I BLACK i
I DRESS I
I GOODS! I
i black MOHAIR CREPONS- .+
■♦■ Very silky finish. 46 inches wide. ~f
-♦• raised figure effects, regular $1.50 J
+■ quality, "▼■
X Fortes (Pcqi: Suit ♦
X week cpci»c? 3 Pattern. %
X BUCK SILK SOUFFLE GREPBNS— |
■"►• The richest patterns shown this sea- X
+■ son: targe or small designs ; also T
_x_ satin stripe effects, regular $2.50 per J
X yard - X
I Fop this $>4 4 %(\ +
4- week.. ..<?!• A OOU Suit.
X BLACK FRENCH COVERT CLOTH- ♦
•♦" A very firm quality, all p'Jre pol, "T
■*- perfect >lye anO olgh. 04 Inches wide, "»
-♦- re-puliir prlco 7. r .c yard, >
X Special ££Q Qfr Suit X
-♦- this week <p£J»ua Pattern. +
I EXTRA! EXTRA! EXTRA! :
♦ FIHE FRESCH SHOODA- ♦
.^ 10 pieces; warranted a fnst black. >•
_^ strictly ail wool. p2 inches wide. 4.
gixid value at *:>e yard.
For this frn« X
+■ week only. 00 w/ Yard. 4-';
X BUCK NAVAL SERGE- X
10 pieces wool nd mohair. 43 inches » I
4r Wide,
X For this OOpA p Por ♦
♦ week £i\J\j Yard. X
I
♦■ ASK TO SEE THE CELEBRATED "*"
X "COLUMBIA" K:D GLOVE, |
X 82.00 Pair*. {
+ (Sole Apeii's tor the Pacific Coast.) -». j
"♦" New arrival «.f latest styles ir. NECK- "*■ I
-»- WEAK. LACES and DRESS TRIM- -♦• I
[NGS. + '
4. Goods deliverc-d in this and neighbor- -$. \
<- ins townn fr'-o of char»re. Samules on •♦• '
J application.
: KOHLBER6, STRAUSS :
: & FROHMAH, I
I 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET. ♦
: 107-109 POST STREET, t\
STATEMENT
OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW lOP.K, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 3lEt day of December, A. D.
1898, and- for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 !»nd 811 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $400.000 00
ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company —
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $14,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 973,712 08
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable Hecuritles as collateral... 35,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 84188
Cash in Banks ■ ■• 76.662 24
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,498 83
Interest due and aocrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ; A'\V" 83 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 140,198 07
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rent? due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses klready paid.. 270 29
Total Asset* $1.245.758 71
IjIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid *23,350 27
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 24,728 57
losses resisted, including expenses. 4.588 02
<;ross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, *4 69, 471 27:
re-Insurance 50 per cent 234,735 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnV more than one year, $250.-
ESO 72; re-insurance- pro rata 146,415 21
Gross premiums on Marine and In- ,
land Navigation Risks-, $ ;
re-insurance 100 per cent ..........
Gro«s premiums on Marine Tlmo
Rfsks, V • re-insurance 60
per cent • •
CommuHßlons and Brokerage due and
to become due 80,78157
Total Liabilities ~ 8477.030 82
INCOME. —- — — ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire £
nnmluma 8559,881 81
tfrtCaih! actually recelred for Ma-
rlne premiums li***i 1
Received for Interest on Bonds and
ReceTvfd*? or ' interest and dividends
B on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources „ 85.72S 11
Keceired from all other sources .... 128 l«
Total Income - $629,660 78
EXPENDITURES.
Ket amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $30.006 50 losses of pre-
vlous years) V* »530,538 05
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ , losses of
previous years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or 125.722 o
Brokerage Wh"" 128>722 W
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges fo* officer*, clerks, etc.... 63,111 74
paid for State. National and local
taxes • 18,855 69
All other payments and expenditures 40.105 18
Total Expenditures $n72^3^B
t ' Fire. -
Losses incurred during th» year 352,577 68
Risks and Premiums. i Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risk*
written during the
yea". $136,315,995 8853, 57
Net amount of Risks
r-xnlred during the —
year " 121.928.^67 835,674 4 1
Net amount In force
December ZU 1898.. .. 108.402,4^1 : 720,061 99
" ~ GEO. 8. A. TOUNO, President.
WALTER S. ALL*ET, Seoretary. '
«?nh«rrib'*d and sworn to before m», this 28th
flay of February, 1899. OEO. H. CORET.
Commissioner for California in Nw York. ,.
L. B. EDWARDS, Manager,
823 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
REVOLUTION IS
NEARLY OVER
Rebels in Venezuela
May Submit.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, :BS9, by James Gordon
Bennett.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 23.— From
reliable sources I learn that a number
! of Influential men who were connected
I ■witb former governmental parties are
I worßing: hard to prevent any further
bloodshed. It is now hoped that a cordial
understanding will soon be reached be
tween the revolutionists and the emia
' saries of Andrade.
London bankers have arrived here with
Governor Gerningham cf Trinidad. They
hope to profit by the general panic and
to purchase railroads, tramways and
breweries. Several of their operations
have proved successful.
The I'nited Stales cruiser Detroit is at
I Puerto C'a'jello.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— At the re
i quest of the. German Government the
I American representatives in V< neXuela
are to provide for the protection of Ger
man citizens and their property In that
country. This action is especially pleas
i ing to the authorities and is considered
\ another manifestation of the pood will of
. Emperor William toward the Itilted
I States. Several months ago the German
. Government requested the United States
p. pr,>vid>' protection for Its citizens and
their interests in the Philippines and
■ necessary instructions were cabled to
General Otis and tin? naval commander
in-chief. The German Government some
days ago received a cablegram from its
representative In Caracas requesting that
: a warship be ordered to Laguayra. But
' there is no German man-of-war available
In those waters suiH the request that the
American representatives should take
. axe "f German interests was then sub
mitted to this Government.
DEATH OF J. G. CARE
Was One of the Oldest Residents of
Placcwille.
PLACERVILLE. Sept 23.— J. G. Carr.
one of tho oldest residents of this county,
and for y<-ars a prominent business man
of this city. <li<-<l at his residence In this
city at an early hour tlUs morning. Mr.
Carr was stricken with paralysis about
years ago, which u-fi him >\ hopt-less
Invalid. A week ago a second shock ren
dered him unconscious, In which condi
tion he remained until freed by il^ath.
A son, Dan <i. Carr, and a daughter,
M:«s Mum:.- Carr, Burvive him. His fu
neral, which will occur to-morrow, will
be held under tl es of Ul Dorado
Commandery No. 4. Knignts Templar, of
this city, of v. ;-.:. h h« was for many years
an honored member.
Fowder Mill Bus-;
BAKTA cki /-. Sept. Z3. — amoKeiess
powder for the new cruisers is being
made at th<> powder works here. During
the iirc.--. -nt season there has been more
black powder manufactured than ever be
fore in the history of ihc- works. The
average output is 25,000 fcega a month.
■ iwdrr is used for railroad con
struction and the development of mines.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPEAK FOB THEMSELVES,
Ask Those Whom We Have Cured
Whether There Is Any Virtue
in Our Treatment for Catarrh,
Deafness and Kindred Diseases.
The following- Is from MISS BOLTE, who
conducts a young ladies' day and boarding
school at 2318 California street, city:
"Dr. Fleckenstein, Parrott Building:, City-
Dear Doctor: How can I thank you for what
you are doing: for me? My hearing- is Improv-
, Ing so rapidly that everybody connected with
the school notices the improvement from day
to day. For twenty-Fix years I have steadily
grown harder of hearing, and when I consulted
you a few weeks ago I was almost totally deaf.
I had doctored continually for twenty-six years.
Some doctors said the general state of my
health was at fault. I tried all ' imaginable
remedies. I tried change of climate, change of
food, hot baths, cold baths, horseback-riding
and walking. My health Improved and my
deafness increased. After only three weeks'
treatment at your Institute I accompanied some
pupils to the theater, and to my great delight
found I could hear every word. The benefit
your treatment bestows on me Is already mak-
ing itself felt in my school, and It Is surely
making a new woman of me.
"I am grateful to you beyond anything words
can express. Wishing you every success, I am,
respectfully yours. JEANNE BOLTE."
<t*P" A A » month Is the total expense of
\l* I 11 treatment for any chronic ailment
tllrlailil or malady, and Includes all medl-
~ . cines and appliances and our con-
stant care and attention until cured. -
PATIENTS LIVING AT A DISTANCE can
be successfully treated by the aid of Dr. Fleck-
ensteln's symptom blanks and patients' record
sheets, sent free on application.
CONSULTATION FREE.
It will cost you nothing to write or call on us
and have a diagnosis made of your case, an
honest opinion what can be done for it, and If
curable, how long It will. take.
THE FLECKENSTEIN
MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
EMPORIUM BUILDING,
825 and 855 Market Street,
Booms 616-618, Fifth Floor.
Office hours— From 9 a. m. to 12 m. ; from 1
to 5 p. m. ; evenings, Tuesdays and Fridays;
Sundays, from 10 a. m. to 12 m. '
REMOVAL NOTICE.
DENNISTON'S
San Francisco Plating Worts
LOCATED AT 668-666 MISSION STREET
for the last thirty-three years, have re-
moved to 662 Mission street, I opposite corner of
Annie street, also 54-40 Annie street, adjoining,
making th« most complete and extensive Gold,
Sliver and Nickel plating establishment on the
fwlSo Coast. .
THE SAX FKA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
PORTUGUESE WILL GATHER IN
CONVENTION AT SANTA CRUZ
Delegates to the Grar)d Council Will Meet for a
WeeK of Business ar)d Pleasure.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 23.— The an
nual Grand Council of the Por
tuguese Union will be in session
during the week beginning Oc
tober 2.
The sessions -will be held in Native
Sons Hall, and a large attendance is
expected. The week will be one of
business for the council, and outside
the sessions a good programme has
been arranged for each day.
The delegates will arrive on Sunday,
OFFICERS OF THE PORTUGUESE UNION
i « ii* i
I * I W- II
i » Hi* i
■ f GRAND COUNCIL OFt I
October 1. They will be met at the
depot by a brass band and escorted to
the Native Sons' Hall, where a recep
tion will be held.
On Monday at 9 in the morning' sol
emn high mass will be celebrated at
Holy Cross Church by Father Mc-
Namee. The sermon will be by Father
Guverno of Centerville. The Grand
Lodge will be in session during the af
ternoon and evening.
On Tuesday evening an entertain
ment will be given at the opera
house.
Wednesday evening the grand ball
will be held at the armory.
Thursday a barbecue and picnic will
be held at Wagner Park, and on Fri
-1 day the visitors will be treated to a
drive about the city.
The officers of the local lodge, who
! are all busy preparing for the Grand
l Council. are: President, Matthew
: Manil; vice president, ML B. Linia; sec
rotary, M. Mitchell; treasurer, M. C.
' Blttencourt; master of ceremonies,
i John Davis; inner guard, M. Fraga;
outer puanl. M. A. Cuelho; medical
i examiner. Dr. W. R. <Mngdon; trus
, tees _oeorge W. Heard, M. Silva, W.
R. Congdon.
The grand officers art: Grand presi
dent, V. F. Braga, San Leandro; grand
i vire president, A. G. Pine, Benicia;
! grand secretary, L. J. Martin, San Le
' andro; grand treasurer, J. G. Mattos
Jr., Centerville; grand master of cere
OTIS TO DECIDE
AS TO CHINESE
Landing Shipload Now
at Manila.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— The landing
of the shipload of Chinese now at Ma
nila will depend on military expediency,
which will be determined by General Otis.
If in his judgment the landing of the 700
Chinese will not interfere with the mili
tary conditions or disturb the situation
they may land. The conditions in the
Philippines, it is pointed out, are such as
to make the entry of the Chinese labor
ens a disturbing element The I- HiPino»
are opposed to them, and there is a bit
ter feeling existing against the Chinese
n °U lV l believed here that if the United
States military authorities allow the Chi
net^ free acceilß to the Philippines it will
exasperate the people and tend to retard
tho pacification of the islands. This is
ore of the reasons given why it is neces
sary from a military standpoint to keep
thorn out. It has been represented how
ever by the Chinese Minister that the
landing of the 700 Chinese now at Manila
could do no harm and that to return them
to China would be a severe hardship. It
is this individual case which General Otis
Is to decide, but It Is well understood that
whatever Is done In this instance will have
no elfect in determining the other ques
tions presented by the Chinese upon the
general subject of exclusion. _ However,
It is understood that the military neces
sity of the case will determine what shall
bo done while the islands are under a
military government and the subject will
be handled from that standpoint rather
than with ?eference to the fact that a
Chinese exclusion law is in force in the
United States.
IOWA VOLUNTEERS
SAIL FROM MANILA
"WASHINGTON, B«pt. 23.— General Otis
cables the War Department this morning
that tkje Senator Balled yesterday from
Manila with the lowa volunteers.
N«w Oatholio Church.
PASADENA, Sept. 23.— The new Catho
lic church en th« corner of Walnut street
and Fair Oaks avenue has boen com
pleted and will be dedicated when Father
Torke of Ban Francisco, now on his way
home from Europe, arrives to preach the
dedicatory sermon, Across the street
from the church, which Is very attractive
and cost 126,000, Is th« Academy of the
-9 -♦-<§v-«- <$>-♦- <«>-♦- <$> -♦-<§>-♦- •$> -♦- 3>-»-^
monies, J. Bernardo, Hay wards; grand
marshal, A. S. Martins, San Francisco;
grand inner guard, J. L. Valladao,
West Oakland; board of directors —
A. Fonte, East Oakland; J. Pimintal,
Haywards; A. F. Cunha, Milpitas; F.
J. Cunha, Oakland; J. Neves, Pleasan
.on; grand medical examiner, J. S. A.
Calral. < '•• iterville. ...'jV
The delegates an : San Leandro Council
No. I— J. B. Mendonia; M. S Bulcao, M.
M. Avallar, Antonio Lucio, John Pereira,
M. L. Enos, Galtherme Gloria, Jose de
Souza Lulz, A. Rorlgers.
Hollister No. 2— T. Freitas, D. T.
Nunes.
Haywards No. B— F. Pimenthal, M. M.
Lemos, M. is. Quaresma, A. F. Gomes,
Joseph Smith.
Pctalunm No. 4— F. Santos, A. F.
Goncalvos. A. F. Leal.
Centervllle No. 5— M. S. Piexoto, P. G.
Leonardo, J. F. Brandas, M. F. Silva, J.
F. Jorge, J. J. Santos, F. M. Lopes.
Mendoclno No. 6— J. J. Valgas, A. V.
Parreira-
Oakland No. 7— Joseph M. Rozo. J. C.
Rodrigues, A. V. Brun. Manuel Henas.
Domingo Alameida, F. G. Frallio. Manuel
Dias, Joseph Furtndo. Manuel Guido.
PI en san ion No. B—Frank8 — Frank Caetano, Jose
P. Roza, J. V. Pereira, S. C. Dlaviia,
Holy Names, tho Sisters' school. The
church pews were ordered to-day by Rev.
P. S. Farrelly. the pastor. The' opal
stained glass windows are being finished
and will bo ready in tlmo for the dedi
catory sermon. One of those windows
was donated by Mr. Cudahy of the Cud
ahy Packing Company.
PREDICTED THE TIME
OF HIS DEMISE
Dr. Luke D. Broughton, Famous As-
trologer, Dies Nearly at the
Time He Had Foretold.
NETV YORK, Sept. 23.— Dr. Luke D.
Broughton, president of the Astrological
Society of America, died to-day. He cast
his horoscope many years ago and pre
dicted that the critical periods of his life
were the fifteenth, sixteenth and twenty
first days of the present month and pres
ent year. His death he predicted would
eccur on September 22.
Dr. Broiißhton was born at 10 a. m. April
20, 1828. in Leeds, Yorkshire, Knpland. He
came from a family of astrologers and
early began the study of astrology. Dr.
Broughton has made many successful
predictions. On his advice his eldest aon
did not marry, as his father had predict
ed the exact time of his death in 1885.
Mrs. Broughton also di<^d as predicted in
]^91. He wrote many pamphlets and one
book on astrology.
FEVER IN NEW ORLEANS.
Three New Cases of Yellow Jack
Reported.
AUSTIN. Tex., Sept. 23.— State Health
Officer Blunt was to-day advised of the
existence of throe new cases of yellow
fever in New Orleans. This makes a total
of seventeen cases in that city to this
date. The Texas quarantine is being rig
idly enforced against freight and pas
sengers from tho infected city.
Holding Back Wheat.
WOODLAND, Sept. 23.— Considerable
barley is changing hands, but farmers
are holding on to their wheat hoping that
there will be an advance in prices. Every
warehouse in Yolo County is filled and
many thousands of tons are piled along
the railroad tracks awaiting shipment.
Corrigan Moves His Horses.
WOODLAND, Sept. 23.— Eastern dis
patches say that Edward Corrigan is
moving all his race horses from Chicago
and Kentucky to California, He has
leased the Monument farm in this county
and will make It his breeding farm.
Good Almond Crop.
WOOT/LAND, Sept. 23.— The almond
crop of Yolo County Is very large this
season. Shipments In carload lots to New
York and other Eastern points is now al
most a dally occurrence.
Advances mads on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.Noonan, 1017-10123 Mission,
Milpltas Council No. 9— J. R. Mendonca,
J. 1. Pedro, R. Coelho.
Mission San Jose No. 10— M. S. Brum,
M. E. Manas, M. S. Sequeria.
Sacramento No. 11— M. I. Enos. D. S.
Soares, J. S. Pereira.
Watsonville No. 12— F. J. Bittencourt. A.
M. Martin, J. C. Avelar. •*
West Oakland No. 13— W. S. Rodrigues,
J. P. Sequeira, J. M. Alves, J. T. Remas,
G. F. Pereira.
Sauaalito No. 14— Joseph Lourenco. J. S.
Nunes.
San Francisco No. 15— Jose Baptista, A.
F. Freitas.
Alv.irado No. IG— A. S. Machado, M. J.
Pimental, J. S. Leal.
Halfmoon Bay No. 17— J. A. Bittencourt,
M. V. Nunes, A. J. Furtado.
Benicia No. IS — Manuel de Fraga, J. C.
Silveira, M. P. Faria.
San Rafael No. 19— M. S. Freitas.
Concord No. 20— T. D. Souza.
Selm.i No. in— M. J. GonzalfS, P. J. Fur
tar].). F. G. Sousa.
Hanford No. 22— A. J. Serimo.
Fresno No. 23 — J. I. Laranjo.
Oakland No. 25— Jesse H. Woods, F. J.
Mattheus. A. B. Woods.
Pinole No. 26— J. J. Thomas, M. S. Ca
belleir.
San Pablo No. 27— J. J. Pires, J. de
Chaves.
Santa Clara No. 23— J. C. Soares. M. R.
Martins. G. R. Martins.
Merced No. if— A. J. da Costa.
San Franeif-co No. 30 — J. M. Peregino.
Sinta Cruz No. 31— Manuel Mitchell,
Matthew Manil.
San Jose No. 32— M. F. Rosa, M. F.
Azevedo.
Danville No. 33— M. F. Medina.
Yreka No. 34— J. Florencio.
Pescadero No. 85— A. S. Gonlarte, F.
Gonlarte, J. J. Sequeira.
Frf-eport No. 36— M. J. Nunes, M. S.
Conterte, J. P. S. Costa.
Monterey No. 37— J. G. Da Silva, J. C.
Pine, A. L. Bispo.
S.M^astopol No. 38— Jose Rafael, M. J.
Cunha.
Salinas No. 39— J. F. Pedroza, J. R. Sil
velra.
Sacr^mpnto No. 40— J. J. Santos, S.
Santos, A. C. Nunes
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Was Fat,
Now I Am Lean.
Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills and
Obesity Salts— 2o Years' Test.
Best and Safest; Never Injures
the Health.
Gives Strength and Health, While
Reducing Flesh.
We Offer $100.00 In Gold to Any
One Who Can Prove That These
Testimonials Are Not Genuine.
Mr. James Rhlnd, 421 W. 88th St., N. T.
City, lost 21 pounds on a month's treat-
ment.
Mr. C. B. Brady. 906 E. 6th St., Austin,
Tex., reduced 72 pounds In 3 months on
Reducing Tablets and Obesity Band. Ab-
domen reduced 6 inches.
Mrs. Emma IveFevre, 103 TV. 89th St.
N. Y. City, reduced 20 pounds and 2Vj
[nchea In waist measure on first month's
treatment.
Ram'l Robinson. Policeman of the Cen- j
tral Detail, stationed Washington and j
State Sts., Chicago. Reduced 25 pounds ;
in twenty-six days.
Mrs. G. E. Gregory, Dresden, Kas., re-
duced from IR2 to 165 pounds on two bot-
tles of Reducing Tablets and is convinced
that the cure Is permanent.
M. Theadon, 481 Grand Aye., Chicago,
took two months' treatment and was re-
duced 40 pounds and cured of rheumatism
and kidney troubles.
Mrs. J. H. White, Park City, Utah. My
testimonial is that 1 have taken your
combined treatment and have lost 26
pounds in one month. Never felt better
in my life and think it is a great remedy.
F. *O. Woodman, 441 38th St., Chicago
(prominent Odd Fellow), Supt. Freedman !
Mfg. Co., Stock Yards, Chicago, reduced
51 pounds In weight and 13 inches at waist
line in live weeks by Dr. Edison's treat-
ment.
Mrs. Ellen D. Campbell, 516 E. South i
St., Warren, 0. , was reduced from 175 to ;
125 pounds by using one month's treat-
ment of Pills and Reducing Tablets. Can
walk long distances and feels better in
many other ways.
Price of Dr. Edison's Obesity Salt, $1.00
a package: Pills, $1.50, or 3 for $4.00. Free
advice about obesity from our New York
Medical Department. Write and describe
your case. We forward goods promptly.
IKTo printing on our envelopes. Our goods
are kept in Btock by the leading drug-
gteta.
SEND FOR BOOK ON OBESITY.
LORING & CO., Ltd., Dept. 89,
No. 42 W. J2d St., near 6th Are., N. T. J I
''_"'___"'/ '___ - ADVERTISEMENTS. __^_
LARGEST
Pacific Coast Has
Ever Seen.
PAID FOR THE HOLDINGS AND ASSETS
...OF THE...
UNION CONSOLIDATED OIL AND
TRANSPORTATION COMPANY.
\
A $5,000,000 Corporation Buy-
ing Up the Valuable Cali-
fornia Oil Properties.
The American Oil and Refinery Company, a corporation capitalized
for $5,000,000, has purchased outright for $1,000,000 the entire holdings and
assets of the Union Consolidated Oil and Transportation Company.
These holdings, together with its other valuable properties already ac-
quired and under consideration, will make it the strongest oil company
in the United States (barring that giant monopoly, the "Standard OH").
Properties Owned and Now Under Consideration:
San Mateo County 2850 acres
Contra Costa, County 1000 acres
Colusa County 2000 acres
Merced County 1970 acres
Santa Clara County 160 acres
Butte County 700 acres
Total 8680 acres
All of the above properties are in the known oil belts, and on some
producing wells have already been located. Experts are now examining
other tracts, which, if reported favorably on, will be added to the above.
The capital stock of the American Company is $5,000,000, divided Into
500.000 shares, par value $10 each. Of this seven-tenths, or $3,500,000. has
been placed in the treasury for development purposes. This enormous
sum, sufficient for developments greater than those of any other ten com-
panies combined, guarantees to the investor no possibility of failure and
no possibility of assessments.
REFINERIES tobe BUILT
And Pipe Lines Constructed Into
SAN FRANCISCO AND OAKLAND.
The treasury stock has been allotted as follows: Sixty thousand
shares, or $600,000 par value, for the building of refineries in the city of
San Francisco; 40,000 shares, or $400,000 par value, for the construction of
pipe lines from the different wells to San Francisco and Oakland; 100,000
shares, or $1,000,000 par value, for the acquiring of new properties;
150,000 shares, or $1,500,000 par value, for the sinking: of wells upon the
various properties acquired.
WELLS DOWN 1740 FEET.
OIL MAY BE STRUCK ANY MOMENT!
The American Company Is not one of the many whose developments are
"JUST ABOUT TO BEGIN."
EXPERTS CONTINUALLY IN THE FIELD.
Competent experts have been engaged to Inspect the entire oil fields
of the Pacific Coast, and wherever valuable properties are found they
will be added to the present holdings of this company. Absolute data of
the actual developments done by each Individual oil company from the
time of its incorporation will be carefully gathered and placed on the
records of this company. All persons having oil lands of any kind are
invited to open communication, and If found advantageously located they
will be immediately experted with a view to purchase or lease by this
company. ■ .
5000 SHARES ONLY
of the American stock are now offered to the public at $5 per share. Oil
, may be struck at any moment, at which time this stock will undoubt-
edly jump to at least $25 per share, and possibly $100. Right reserved to
return all applications received after the 5000 shares have been sub-
scribed for.
ILLUSTRATED PROSPECTUS FREE ON APPLICATION.
AMERICAN OIL AND
REFINERY COMPANY.
President ••• •••••••••••••••••••••«•«••••••••••••*■ COL. W. E. HOLBROOK
Vice president . HARRISON BARTO
• Secretary .....;....;.......... A. F. HARASZTHY
Depository FIRST NATIONAL, BANK
322-323 Parrott Building. .San Francisco.
BRANCH OFFICES!
460 Tenth Street. Oakland.'
810 Seventh Street. Sacramento.
516 Fourth Street ... Santa Rosa.
34
VANDERBILT MADE
EQUAL DIVISION
Outline of the Million
aire's Will.
NO CONTEST ANTICIPATED
BULK OF THE ESTATE TO BE
HELD IN TRUST.
The Instrument Will Not Be Offered
/or Probate Until After the
Arrival of Alfred Q.
Vanderbilt.
Special Dlßi>atch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— From a reliable
eource a general outline of the will of
Cornelius Vanderbllt has been obtained.
According to this authority Mrs. Vander
bllt. under the terms of the document,
will receive a large annuity and use for
life of the family mansion at Fifth ave
nue and Fifty-eighth street, and of the
Breakers, in Newport. She also will re
ceive outright all the pictures, Bllver,
horses and carriages and perhaps a small
]> (racy.
Each of the five children will receive
probably $10,000,000 and the remainder of
the estate will be divided between the
two youngest sons, Alfred G. and Regi- :
nald. Cornelius Jr., the eldest son, there- '
fore will receive the same amount as is
given to his sisters, Mrs, Harry Pavne
■\Vhitney and Gladys. Mr. Vanderbllt
led in his will that the shares of the 1
two youngest suns and Gladys should re-]
main In tru^t until they have reached a !
certain age and that a trust fund also
should be created to provide for Mrs.
Vanderbllt's anruity.
William K. Vanderbllt, Chauncey M.
Depew and Edward V. Rosslter are
named as trustees and executors of the
estate. The will was. drawn by Mr.!
Vanderbilt and was modeled after that !
of his father. It is expected that there j
will be no contest and that no question I
about the document will be raised. It
la felt by long time friends of Mr. Vander- I
bIH that the will leaves no real gTound j
for a contest on the part of Cornelius Jr.
and It is also believed that his father-in
law. Richard T. Wilson, would not
countenance such a course.
It baa been d< elded not to offer the will
for probate, however, until after the re
turn of Alfred O. Vanderbilt. This will'
ne as a precautionary measure, In j
order that if any question should be ;
the whole matter can be settled be- 1
fore the will is offered for probate.
Every effort will be made to have the
Will presented in court with the approval
of all concerned, even if it becomes neces-
Bary to settle certain sums on persons
who may feel that they have not been
properly treated In Its provisions. At 1
ill- Fame time, there 13 not the slightest I
suspicion that any such point will be
raised.
latest estimates place the value of
Mr. Vanderbilt'a estate at from $100,000.
--fUS.O lie inherit! about $50,
--from his father. Among the hold
ings w:is a laree amount of Lake Shore
Btock, which has doubled In value since!
the death of William H. Vanderblla,
SUBSTANTIAL GIFT TO
METHODIST CONFERENCE
Property in Los Angeles Valued at
Twelve Thousand Dollars Is
Deeded to It.
T.OS ANGELES, Sept 23.— At the ses-
Flon of tho Methodist Episcopal Confer
ence this morning the announcement ■was
rmdo that Rev. and Mrs. A- M. Hough of
this city had donated to the Methodist
■ rence of Southern California prop
erty In this city valued at $12,000. The
yance, that to-day wre
completed, contained the provision that
the income from the property should only
l i for conference purposes.
The trustees to-day reported that they
had loaned H956 and collected $139. Rev.
F. D. Eovard appeared before tho confer
• and urged the need of securing ex
emption of church property In California
from taxation. He explained the chain
of circumstances by which church prop
erty in this State came to he held as tax
able rind said that the practice of taxing
houses of worship is unknown In other
(States. He insisted that taxation of
church property means the spoedv de
crease of. religious advancement and that
by it many of the weaker congregations
an- being crushed out of existence.
Bishop Ninde, together with the presid
ing elders, have been holding a cabinet
meeting 1 , and It Is believed that the ap
pointments of ministers will be ready to
Le read at the meeting on Monday.
YOUNG CLARENCE BROWN
SUSPECTED OF MURDER
The Body of His Companion Is Found
Hanging to a Tree Near
Nogales.
TTTSON. Ariz., Sept. 23.— Several days
ape" J. Clarenoe Brown, a young man of
good appearance, drew a draft on a San
Francisco tiank for a thousand dollars
signed by E. \V. Derry through the Con
' polidated Bank of Tuc9on. It was learned
the next day that the party who signed
the draft wa? r;"t DetTy and Brown was
arrested. Brown when Interrogated stat
ed that he had come down from tho Klon
dike some months aeo and had deposited
a large- sum of polcl in the bank in his
true name, which he states is Derry. The
authorities wired tho hotel he claimed
to have stopped at !• >r a description.
The description exactly fitted the man.
found last week in the mountain canyon
Beveral miles from Nogales, his body be
ing hung on the limb of a tree. It is
stated that Brown and Derry were part-'
ners, as they were last seen together a
month ago, leaving Blsbee In a buggy.
Derry has not been se«n since and tno
authorities b«»Heve that th« dead man.
found near Nogales le Derry and Brown
Is suspected of murder.
Railway President Resigns.
MILWAUKEE, Sept 23.— At the annnal
meeting to-day of the Chicago, Milwau
kee and St. Paul Railroad Company Ros
well Miller resigned the presidency and
former Second Vice President Albert J.
Earling of Chicago was advanced to the
position. Mr. Miller, as chairman of the
board of directors, will continue in con
trol of the financial affairs of the com
pany.
FACSIMILE OP HEAD OP CASK.
TRADE MARK.
.....
From
DUFF CORDON A CO.,
Port St. Mary's, Spain.
CHARLBS MEIXECKB * CO.,
Agents Pacific Coast. 814 Baeramtnto BtrMt,-
Baa Fnuiciaoo, Cai.
MINING MEN
REACH CALIFORNIA
Hearty Reception at
Shasta Springs.
A REST AT CASTLE CRAG
THE PARTY CONSISTS ALMOST
WHOLLY OF DELEGATES.
A Visit Will Be Paid to the Mountain
Copper Company's Mines and
Smelters at the Town of
Xeswick.
Br«cial DUpatch to The C5a.11.
DUNSMUIR. Sept. 23.— The visiting
Eastern members of the American In
stitute of Mining Engineers have been
cordially welcomed by the California
Miners' Association, and this evening
the guests are resting at Castle Crag,
not far over the State line, enjoying
their first taste of California hospital
ity on their way to the annual meeting
in San Francisco.
The Jolly party of twenty offlcer3 and
members of the reception committee
woke up In their special car at Sun
Bonlto, in the upper Sacramento Val
ley, this morning, expecting to have
their car dropped at Montague to await
the special train bringing their guests,
scheduled to arrive there at 4p. m. A
report that the special was ahead of
time caused the stop to be made at
noon at Shasta Springs, fifty miles
south of Montague, and the restful wait
lasted until after 5 o'clock, when the
special of seven cars rolled along.
A hearty welcome was tendered the
1 i visitors without the formality of set
1 ' speeches. The reception committee \
'. ; wore beautifully designed badges of the '
1 ! seal of the Institute pendant from a
I ribbon, surmounted by a crossed pick ;
and shovel, and this badge was a suf- j
flcient Introduction and certificate of (
friendship to the g-uests, who trooped j
down the railroad track. The Califor
; nlans and Easterners fraternized auiet
j ly and quickly.
Rossiter W. Raymond, secretary of
the institute, and E. H. Benjamin, sec
retary of the California Miners' Asso
j ciation, quickly met, and then President
! James Douglas of the institute and
| President Neff of the association suid
■ a few nice things. Vice President W.
C. Ralston and the rest of the Calif* t
nia committeemen made themselves '
agreeable to the crowding ladies and i
gentlemen. Secretary Benjamin die- J
tributed badges to all the visiting party !
and otherwise busied himself with the i
' guests, who were escorted about the I
! springs and up the hill amid many ex- j
pressions of delighi. That was the ■
time and manner of California's initial
welcome to the American Institute of
Mining Engineers.
With the party from Montague came
John Daggett and A. G. Meyers, who,
with members of the Slskiyou County i
Miners' Association, went from Yreka j
to Montague to help in the Northern :
California welcome. President Doug- \
lap is a plain, quiet and affable old gen- ;
tleman, occupying a distinguished place |
in the mining field. Secretary Ray- i
mond, who has known the mineral re
sources of the West so thoroughly for
j more than a generation, was especially
I welcome to California,
It was soon found that several dis
i tinguifhed mining men whose presence
! was expected were not with the party.
j These are three university professors
of mining and metallurgy, Heinrich
Rles of Cornell, N. W. Lord of Ohio
State University and W. P. Blake, who
!is also president of the University of I
j Arizona. Among oth^r well known j
! men are David Williams of New York, ; '
I editor of the Iron Ape, and A. Thies
|of South Carolina. Two distinguished
] foreign members from Germany are
I seeing the mining resources of the
j country.
The party numbers fifty-nine, and
with two or three exceptions the men
of it are members of the institute oc
cupying various fields in the lines of
mining, metallurgy, geology, metal
\ manufacturing and so on. Aiter less |
I than an hour at Shasta Springs the |
i train boaring the special car of the
Californlans ran down to Dunsmuir
and then on to Castle Crag, where the
train will lay all night.
Early to-morrow the party will ar
i rive at Keswick, a little north of Red- j
i ding, and the day will be spent In vla
■ iting the big smelters of the Moun
tain Copper Comcany and Its mines !
ten miles away.
The company and citizens will pro
vide free hospitality. It is likely that
but a short stop can be made at Red
ding in the evening, and on Monday
morning the party will be In San Fran
cisco ready for the meeting and the
i round of pleasure there, and through
j the State.
The institute has held seventy-two ,
| meeting in all parts of the country but !
i the Pacific Coast since organization in
1871, and a number have been notable |
for interesting trips and lavish hospl- j
tality. "But*" declared President Doug
las, "none of its trips have approached I
this one in length and in delightful and !
profitable variety of experience. We
are anticipating a memorable time."
"We always expect the most of the
attendance at our meetings to come
from the general region in which they
the held," said Secretary Raymond,
"and I anticipate a good many mem
bers from Pacific Coast States. The
valuable features of our meetings are t
the papers and discussions and those
go promptly by publication to all mem
bers. We have had a very pleasant
trip across the continent, with many
invitations to stop for visits and expect
a delightful time In California."
The California miners do not gauge
j the Importance of the meeting and trip
with Its opportunities for hospitality
and advertising the State's mineral re
sources by the size of the party upon
which the effect Is not dependent.
Some of the ladies know a good deal
about mining and all wish to learn. In
cluding the young lady who asked a
gallant Californlan if there are any
trails in San Francisco.
NAVY MEN THE GUESTS.
Beception Tendered Officers of North
Atlantic Squadron.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— A reception in
honor of the officers of the North Atlan
tic squadron was given at the Hotel Cas
tleton. St. George. Rtaten Island, to-night.
The large dancing hall was profusely
decorated with American flags. The offi
cers of the fleet in the harbor attended In
large numbers and the affair was the
most successful ever held at the hotel.
All of the members of the social set on
Staten Island and many well-known New
Yorkers were there to welcome the offi
cers. Over 400 guests were present.
Sal* of Bonds Delayed.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 23 : — The matter
of the advisability of offering the recent
ly voted school bonda for sale before a
decision Is received on the suit which has
been begun to test the legality of the
election by which University and Oar
vanza were annexed to the city will be
brought before the Council at Monday's
session by a report from City Attorney
Haas. Mr. Haas takes the position that
It would be lnadx-isahle to attempt to sell
the bond* before the annexution case is
decided.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
91 without removal. J. Nooiian, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SA^ FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
VALUABLE TORPEDO
GOES TO THE BOTTOM
Divers Have Been Searching for it in
the Mud for Several
Days.
SAUSALITO, Sept. 23.— Property of Uncle Sam Jn the shape of a
torpedo valued at $3000 now lies in the mud at the bottom of the bay,
and for four days divers have been busily at work trying to recover
it The loss of the torpedo was due to a defect in the rudder at the
point, which caused the destructive missile to take an oblique course
and bury itself in the three feet of soft mud surrounding the spot
where the torpedo boat destroyer Farragut is anchored.
Last Wednesday morning the gunners aboard the Farragut were en
gaged in practice work and sent an 18-foot torpedo out of one of the
tubes, set for five feet under the surface of the water and primed for
800 yards. A hundred yards away from the boat bubbles rose to the
surface, caused by the compressed air escaping from the torpedo. This
showed the experienced gunners that it had taken a downward course.
A boat was lowered and a buoy anchored over the spot so as to deter
mine where the torpedo lay. Since then three divers have been con
stantly searching for the $3000 missile, but they are handicapped ow
ing to the mud making the water opaque at every step, and have to poke
around with steel rods in the hope of discovering its location. Lieuten
ant Commander Nicholson is confident that the torpedo will be recov
ered in a few days.
COMPROMISE WITH
MRS. EMMA PARKER
Will Receive About One-Third of the
Estate of Her Father-in-
Law.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— Thn heirs of
George H. Parker, the eccentric old cap
italist, who left an estate valued at $300,
--000, have compromised with Mrs. Emma
L. Parker, who contested dece<lent's will.
Mrs. Parker 1? the widow of Edward L.
Parker, only son of the testator, who
died a few months after his father. By
the terms of the will he was given JIO.OoO
and the Income on the property at 1122
Market street, San Francisco, during his
lifetime. In case of his death nothing
was tv go to his widow. His death fol
lowed so closely on that of his father
that he received nothing at all. After a
few minor bequests Parker gave the bulk
of the property to Marshall and Jane
Pomeroy, relatives by marriage, and their
five children.
Mrs. Emma Parker began a conte?t,
claiming that Parker was of unsound
mind and that he had been Influenced by
the Pomeroys. There were three trials
of the contest and the fourth was about
to begin. The first one resulted in the
will being set aside and the other two In
d i Ba £ reem ents.
Plans looking to a compromise have
been in progress for some time and arc
now about completed. It Is said Mrs.
Parker will receive about one-third of
the estate, or property valued at between
$20,000 and $30,000.
SUPERVISORS OF YOLO
FAVOR ROAD SPRINKLING
Portion of the Elkhorn and Sacra-
mento Road Used as an
Object Lesson.
WOODLAND, Sept. 23.— The Indications
are now favorable for road sprinkling in
Yolo County next year. The Supervisors
have inspected a section of the- Klkhorn
and Sacramento road which has been
sprinkled for the past six weeks. The re
sults have been satisfactory and the ex
pense is so reasonable that a majority of
them are now convinced that in the in
terest of health, comfort and economy it
will be best tr> sprinkle the main thor
outrhfnres of the county.
They have already given an option to
tho Studebaker Company to construct sev
eral wagons for delivery next June, and
Byron Jackson will probably furnish the
pumps ajid other necessary appliances.
The people of Yolo County are well
pleased with the unexpected turn the
sprinkling proposition has taken.
ASK THE REMOVAL OF
CONGRESSMAN ROBERTS
CHARLESTON, 111., Sept. 23.— The Illi
nois conference of the Methodist Epis
copal church in session here to-day
passed resolutions asking Congress to un
seat Congressman Roberts of Utah,
strongly condemning the army canteen
and Attorney General Griggs for his de
cision regarding the canteen, and dilling
upon President McKinley to perform hia
sworn duty by seeing that the law is en
forced, asking the President to have the
canteen removed from the Soldiers' and
Sailors' Home at Danville, condemning
Sunday newspapers, baseball games and
paid admissions at Chautauquas on that
day, and urging the ministers not to
travel on Sunday.
STREET CAR MEN IN
CINCINNATI MAY STRIKE
CINCINNATI, Sept. 23.— There was a
meeting of the street railway employes
here after midnight, and It continued In
definitely. They want 25 cents extra per
hour for all time over ten hours and that
rate for regular time, and stools for use
in the outskirts and. suburbs.
It Is stated that a compact organization
has been formed and President W. 1).
Mahon of the National Streetcar Em
ployes' Union telegraphed for. There are
indications of a general strike.
Murderer Located.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 23.— Juan Pueb
la, who murdered another Mexican named
Garcia at Santa Monica Canyon August
13, 1898, has been located. Sheriff Hammel
has received Information that he Is In Jail
at Ensenada, Lower California. Requisi
tion papers are now on the- way to Sac
ramento for the Governor's signature and
aa soon as they return the Sheriff will
leave at once to get the custody of a crim
inal who has Euccessfully baffled every
attempt at capture for many months.
Monument to Sheriff Earley.
SALINAS. Sept. 28.— The residents of
Monterey County will build by popular
subscription a costly monument In this
city In honor of Sheriff Henry R. Farley,
who was murdered on last Monday night.
The movement, although in its lncip
iency. Is meeting unbounded success, and
before completed the list of donors will
contain every voter in this county and
probably every citizen.
Flour Mill Burned.
SALEM, Or., Sept. 23.— The mill and
warehouse of the Salem Flouring Mills
Company was burned yesterday morning.
The warehouse contained 136,000 bushels
of wheat belonging to farmers, on which
there was no Insurance. The mill, which
has a capacity of 600 barrels per day, was
insured for $65,000. The total loss is close
to $200,000. The fire originated from an
explosion In the dust room.
Dead Man Identified.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 23.-Fred White of
Colusa this afternoon Identified the body
of the man found dead in a Third street
lodging house as thßt of Frank Widner of
Colusa. He says that Widner had com
plained that he was suffering from ma
larial fever. At the inquest the Jury
found that Widner died from unknown
Minister Bridgman Held.
LIMA, Peru, Sept. 23.-The Chilean
steamer Palena. from Panama, arrived at
Calleo to-day. Her passengers, among
whom are George 11. Bridgrnan, United
States Minister to Bolivia, and his family,
■will be compelled to undergo a fifteen
days' quarantine at Callao.
"Waved Spanish Flag.
HAVANA. Sept. 23.— A Spaniard who
went to a wharf to see his family off yes
terday took a fan of Spanish colors from
his pocket, waved It and gave a cheer for
Spain. A small crowd collected and a
policeman clubbed the man, injuring him
aeriously,
REWARD FOR ARREST
OF KANG YU WEI
Accused of Organizing Chinese in
America to Overthrow the
Present Dynasty.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 23.— The Idsu
Maru of the Nippon Yuzen Kalsha line,
arriving from the Orient to-day, brings
a translation of a so-called secret edict
, promulgated in the name of the Chinese
j Emperor on July 5 with reference to the
I fight of Kang Yu Wei and his subsequent
I organization of the Chinese in America
to oppose the ruling of the dynasty.
In conseauence of the latter's action
the Emperor calls upon his subjects
everywhere to assist in the capture and
return to China of the arch rebel, and
adding that "the Government will not
grudge unprecedented rewards for those
I who merit them." In anticipation of
; earning these, a number of emissaries of
i the Chinese Government have already
j come to America to trail the exiled states
man.
SHORT REBELLION IN
BUENOS AYRES QUELLED
Order Established by the Government
After One Battle Had Been
Fought.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
feld. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gordon
Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES. Sept. 23.— A revolu
tion broke out at Catnmarca against the
local government of that province. The
Government re-established order after a
fight, during which seven men were killed
and twelve wounded.
The Senate has approved the conversion
scheme proposed by the Government.
Grape Prices Fixed
FRESNO, Sept. 23.— At a mass-meating
I of grape growers to-day it was unanl
| mously decided to stand by the prices al
ready fixed by the California Raisin
Growers' Association for second crop
Muscat grapes. The prices are $10 a ton
for 24 per cent sugar, $0 50 Tor 23 per cent
$9 for 22 per cent and so on. The wlnemen
refuse to pay these prices, which they say
are too hig-h.
Launching Failed.
RATH. Me., Sept. 23.— An attempt was
made to launch the torpedo boat T. A. M.
Craven at the Bath Iron Works late this
afternoon, hut the new vessel stuck on
the ways and it was decided to postpone
the launching until Monday.
Commissioner Peck Bereaved.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— Mrs. Mary K.
reck, one of Chicago's earliest settlers
and mother of F. W. Peck. American
Commissioner at the Paris Exposition
died to-day at Oconomowoc, Mis., after
a long illness.
Federal Official Dead.
GUTHRIE. O. T., Sept. 23.— Captain J.
J. Hasler, department commander of the
Oklahoma G. A. R. and receiver of the
United States Land Office at Enid, died
to-day. He wag chief clerk of the In
terior Department under Hoke Smith.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»•;•♦•:■*■: <.;■♦■! ♦ ■!■ ♦ ■;■ » ■!■ » .|. » ■!■ » ■!■ ♦ ■!■ ♦ ■!■ ♦ *♦*♦.£. ♦ ■!■ ♦ •!■ ♦ ■:■ ♦ ■!■ ♦ ■!■ ♦ ■!■ ♦ ■!■ ♦ ■!■ ♦ -1-jl
;; You Feel a Joy, a Comfort, When You Use ]
I Hudyan. "Try Just Once." Men and •
I Women Say of Hudyan: Grand, Good. :
! jjfr^kikm paini^W :
i iF hudvan i^. ;
*' &r/ IIWUI Jr til liii \;^k
♦ Jm allays pain In back \l^ *
*" Xl pain In side V^ "\
- SI pain In joints -j
.' mSf t- pain In muscles i;
*m pain In liver 11"
Vh pain in kidneys In *
t | hudyan... I;
•^ Mmh cures "nerves" Im •
W^\ wUiwo IlCl YUO iSsia *
•• melancholia y^r
♦ sleeplessness /is "
** "despondency /Mr *
:: ALL DRUGGISTS— SOc. -^T ;
4* . : VitiHiliiiiliiiiiiii 11 _ ■ ■ .
* NEARLY ALL THE ABOVE SYMPTOMS ARE ALLIED, HENCE ]
• : HUDYAN IS FOUND EFFICACIOUS AND COMFORTING. YOU FEEL '<
'<' jtfoxj A SENSE OF RELIEF, A SENSE OF ELATION, 4
•■ |^^9 AFTER USING HUDYAN. HUDYAN CONTAINS NONE
*' EUT VEGETABLE MATTER. *;
" RlVyi^yrv v^ a Figure lon chart shows pain in head, which Hudyan <
T ■ Afe-wL^S relieves. Figure 2 shows paleness and emaciation, •
>£ BL «Lli?S which Hudyan relieves. Figure 3 shows choking sen- J
♦ lii&NsSt&**!! sations and dryness of throat, which Hudyan relieves. „
.- lipsis&six7i Figure 4 shows palpitation or fluttering of heart, which .
* i'/JBfiSsiifSv' Hudyan relieves. Figure 6 shows disordered digestion <
I wMKnfi^ and pain in stomach, which Hudyan relieves. Figure •
♦ 6 shows an inactive or torpid liver, which Hudyan J
.T. ■HSSHwjff? Get Hudyan from your druggist — or send direct— <"J
o- W bF^FW^''. *>oc. You may consult Hudyan doctors free. Write — Call. ,
i' HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY. Ellis and Market •
<• .. —II - streets, San Francisco, Cal. *"'" ' -• - <
4- H
« .;.♦.-•♦ .;. « ***^*^ .j^*^** ** * * **♦ ***** ***■!■ ♦ .|. > ■!■ ♦ ■;■ ♦■> ♦ ■!■ ♦ ***#
VETERANS WILL
BE IN LINE
Decision of Officials
Ignored.
WILL DO HONOR TO DEWEY
POSITIONS IN THE PARADE AC-
CORDED OFFICERS.
Admiral Schley Is Last of All, But
He Declares That He Has Not
the Slightest Com
plaint.
Breclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Veterans of
the Civil War will participate In the
land parade in honor of Dewey, despite
the decision of the officials of the
Grand Army of the Republic not to
order out the different posts. Amon?
the organizations which have decided
to parade are two platoons of the
Medal of Honor Legion under com
mand of General T. S. Peck of Burling
ton, Vt. Those who will parade will be
largely members of the New York
Commandery, but other commanderles
will be represented. All these men are j
members of the Grand Army. The ;
Loyal Legion has nominated several of
its staff to parade. There will be two
organizations, numbering 100 men, of
the Duryea Zouaves of the One Hun- '
dred and Sixty-fifth New York Volun
teers. There will be a contingent from
the Eleventh Veteran Association of
the Civil War. The Hawkins Zouaves
and two full Grand Army of the Re- (
public posts have arranged to take part '■
in the parade. Already 500 veterans
have decided to parade, and by Tues
day it is expected that 1200, the limit
set by General Roe, will have Bent in !
applications.
The Confederate Veterans, who had
also decided not to parade, are now
arranging to have a representation of
their organization in the parade.
Almost a week in advance of the [
Dewey celebration, New York is rap
idly filling up with visitors. Broadway
was to-day almost Impassable and
Street car lines were frequently
blocked. Fifth avenue, for nearly its [
entire length, is a mass of stands in (
various stages of construction. Car- i
penters were putting up a stand yester- I
day in front of the First Presbyterian
Church, at Twelfth street and Fifth '
avenue, while a sign announced that
seats might be engaged by applying at
the church. Prices asked by stand
speculators are high. At one stand
near the arch $20 to $25 a seat is de
manded. The lowest figures at which
seats in Fifth avenue are quoted is $3. j
These are on stands below Twenty
third street, and where a seat-holder
will not be able to see Admiral Dewey,
who leaves the parade at the reviewing
stand.
There is still much work to do on the i
arch and colonnade. Sculptors and !
modelers are doing all in their power I
toward completion. The mammoth j
sign, "Welcome Dewey," on Brooklyn \
Bridge, is being put together as fast as !
the carpenters and electricians can do ;
it. Several of the letters have been j
finished and these were lighted up last j
night and tested.
Hear Admiral Schley's place in the !
naval contingent of the land parade
was settled to-day by Rear Admiral
Philip, to whom a sub-committee of re
ception appealed for advice. Admiral
Philip suggested as in accord with
every requirement of official etiquette !
the following formation:
Sousa's band: battalion of sailors j
from the Olympia; Admiral Dewey and
Mayor Van Wyck; Dewey's five cap
tains at Manila; personal staff of Ad
miral Dewey; commander-in-chief of
the North Atlantic Station, Admiral
Sampson and staff; commander of the \
New York Station and staff of three;
Admiral J. W. Phillip; Junior officers
of the Olympia; Junior officers of the
North Atlantic Station (about thirty- I
six); Governors; Major General Miles:
and aide (one carriage); General Mer- |
ritt and aide (one carriage); Admiral j
_— — — i
c . ' AD VEBTISEMENTSw _ y m : .. .
____
SALES ARE SO POPULAR.
Because of the reliability of the merchandise presented
. and because of the unusually low prices quoted.
AN IMMENSE DRIVE IN HOSIERY!
Having contracted months ago, prior, to the advance In price, from one of the largest j
foreign manufacturers. 1000 dozen Ladies and Children's Hose at one-third less than }
the present price, and to further popularize our Hosiery Department, we have decided
to place on sale to-morrow the following:
TWO GREAT LEADERS.
AT UNPRECEDENTED PRICES.
BARGAIN No. 1. BARGAIN No. 2. I
Ladles' Imported Cashmere Wool Hose, Children's fast black, fine ribbed Cotton 7
high spliced heels, double soles MA < Hose, high spliced heels and toes. . _ is
and toes, warranted fast black, J'l|a extra quality, full finished, sizes La >J
all sizes; the kind that sells at 500 .I.I QI, 5 to 9; the regular 25c quality. On I 11. 7i
a pair. On sale at Pair **YOU. sale at Pair IWU ,
The Hose on sale are made with the latest Improvements that go to make a n
stocking perfect In fit, finish, length, elasticity, and. above all, durability. Come 2<
early and don't miss them; quite a saving In store for you. fa
BLACK DRESS GOODS. 1 1]
Dress Goods on sale to-morrow are worth almost double the prices quoted.
Another great purchase at our own price (from a well-known New York im-
porting house retiring from business) enables us to make this sale a great
money-saving event.
Facts and figures quoted In this announcement will help you to form an Idea
of the great values to be had, but come. early.
46-inch Black Cheviot Suiting, strictly all- wool and rain proof: can- PZf\f^
not be duplicated for less than $1 a yard. On sale at Yard iJI/L S
4C-lnch High-grade Black Diagonal Suiting, wide wale, all-wool. *^ PS _ j
worth $1 25 a yard. On sale at Yard g+J C* >
48-Inch Black Cheviot Suiting, best West of England make, already shrunk and <
sponged, suitable for skirts; worth $1 50 a yard. On sale at -4 {}(*% s
Tart &9 i ,KJKJ <<
64-inch Imported Black Venetian Cloth, an exceptionally fine quality, with a very «
high satin finish; no cloth is better suited for a swell tailor-made suit than this
one; positively worth $2 50 a yard. On sale at &* rf fS /^|
Yard CPf V/
IA of COLORED AND BLACK DRESS SILKS.
We open to-morrow. In connection with our rich Imported Paris Novelty Silks, suit-
able for street, evening and reception wear, beyond all question the grandest selection
of the richest silk fabrics ever shown at the popular price &+ # OO
of Yard &9 g m\J\J
The assortment Includes the most perfect In weave, the latest designs and color- y
ings of beautiful French Ribbon, Stripped Taffeta, Illuminated Striped Corded Taffetas, ,
Satin Striped Pompadour Taffeta and many others. All go on sale at $1.00 yard.
Great Offerings in Ladies' Wear. | DOMESTIC SPECIALS.
Waists, the best ever offered In this city. , FOR TO-MORROW ONLY.
We will demonstrate this fact by offering | S
you tomorrow: AT £J C Y D. |
100 Black Satin Duchesse Waists of a \ >
superior quality. In the latest style, with i We will offer to-morrow 2000 yards of >
cluster corded bias front, cord- A _ ■» •« Scotch Zephyr Gingham (in solid _
ed stock collar, all sizes, II 1 L 7L blue), fast color: has been selling all LA S
worth $9. On sale at iMjs I 3 season for 15c a yard - For to - mor : Jlj <
Each WWII V row Yard ww s
C^eTt?nu^n7\^ C \nJri^T'' >^* PI ""'. American Percale. 36 Ca i
talue g «° Ut< On aU sale Ze |t."^ $2,25 row ol^.. 1 .^..^!'.?::...^!..!?^^ 5C
10 dozen Ladles' Flannelette Night 75 dozen Hemmed Pillow Cases. ft , •
Dresses mad? of an extra quality a- size 5x36. made of superior quality 0 «
tennis flannel, In dainty stripes in Ltft muslin; worth 12%0. On sale at 001.
pink and blue, all sizes. For Mon- |J-J I. - Each Uoll
day only at Each www , -••-•■•-•••
LADIES' WRAPPERS.
THE BEST VALUE THIS YEAR. SPECIAL IN COMFORTERS.
20 dozen Ladles' Tennis Flannel Wrap- ■ >J
pers, extra wide, flounce skirt, in pretty ' 10 dozen extra large size Bed Comforters, Z]
stripes of black and white, blue and white silkoline covered, in pretty designs, filled si
and red and white, trimmed -» . m _ with extra quality fine white -. . _j* i\
with braid front and back, \*\ /it cotton, nicely tufted; regular vl tl l\
sizes 32 to 44. On sale at A I .41 value $2 25. On sale at AI.FI 1 1 <<
Each Wll IW, Each UIIUU Zi
BEE WINDOW DISPLAY. COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. ?|
Miller (one carriage); Admiral Schley
(one carriage); sailors of the North At
lantic Squadron (who precede soldiers
solely because this is a naval function);
soldiers of the United States army.
Admiral Phillip subsequently said
that Admiral Schley had told him that
he was perfectly satisfied with the
foregoing formation and that It was ac
cording to naval rules.
Some disappointment is expressed by
the officers of Rear Admiral Sampson's
squadron over the failure to provide
seats for their use on the city stands to
witness the Dewey land parade. As
they will participate in the naval par
ade and many of them will march with
their men in the land procession they
feel that some tickets for city stands
should have been placed at their dis
posal. ______________^_«
ADDITIONS TO THE
PERSONAL PROPERTY ROLL
EXPERT PLATT FILES REPORTS
TO SUPERVISORS.
California the Only State Allowing
National Bank Stocks to Go
TJntaxed.
Expert Alfred O. Platt filed his report
of personal property placed on the as
sessment roll of this city and county for
the year 1599 with the Board of Super
visors yesterday. The total increase over
the assessment of last year, he states,
amounts to $52,707,554. Quasi public cor
porations are increased $19,507,859, banking
institutions $20,318,602. All this amount is
now being litigated in the courts.
In 1898 the ratio of personal property
to the total assessment was 19 7-10 per
cent. This year it is 29 3-6 per cent, being
th« second highest percentage attained by
any city in the United States, thirty of
the larger cities showing an average of
less than 14 per cent.
Regarding the assessment of bonds and
shares of national bank stocks, which
question i» now before the Supreme
Court, the Attorney General in his brief
affirms that California occupies the
unique distinction of being the only State
that has heretofore allowed this class of
property to go untaxed.
According to sworn statements made to
the Bank Commissioners within two
hours of noon on the first Monday in
March, the amount of money on deposit
with commercial banks in this city
amounted to $43,666,090. The provision In
section 3617 of the Political Code ex
pressly requires that money on deposit
with savings and loan corporations shall
heassessed to the corporation with whom
it is deposited, but strangely permits
commercial banks to deduct such deposits
from their assets as a debt due bona fide
residents of this State.
COUNTY FINANCIAL REPORT.
Auditor Wells Files It With Board
of Supervisors.
The Auditor yesterday filed a report nf
the financial condltioniof San Francisco
County In accordance with section 3737,
Political Code. The following information
is contained in the report:
Number of acres of land. 27,000; value of
real estate other than town lots, $3,302,
--430; improvements thereon, $978,500; city
and town lots, $185,012,620; improvements
thereon, $95,110,920; improvements assessed
to others than owners of real estate, $900;
total value of real estate, $189,215,050; total
value of improvements, $96,090,320; value
of personal property, $78,495,940; amount of
money and solvent credits, $41,310,305;
value of railroads assessed by State Board
of Equalization, $230,515; grand total value
of all property, $405,348,130; total value o*
mortgages, trust deeds and other debt ob
ligations assessed, including university
mortgages, etc., $00 .322,250; assessed value
of mortgages held by State institutions,
$512,350.
The funded debt Includes $250,000 in park
improvement bonds of 1874-75 and $2500 in
overdue bonds. The cash In county treas
ury applicable to payment of indebted
ness is $1!W.599 60, making the total net
debt $54,100 40.
Following is a description and valuo of
public buildings:
Parks, reservoirs, public squares and
Improvements, $12,000,000; Fire Department
lots, improvements, apparatus, furniture,
etc., $1,656,000; fire alarm and police tele
graph, $100,000; City Hall, Hall of Justice,
county Jails, hospitals, almshouse, $7,500.
--000; cemetery reservations. $580,000; Bun
dry lots, $260,000; Channel street lots, from
Ninth to Eighteenth, $110,000; school lots,
improvements, libraries, furniture, etc
$5,415,200. Total, $27,621,200.
• ♦ ■
LIGHT CONTRACT AWARDED.
The Monopoly Gets Both Bids Through.
the Committee.
The San Francisco Gaa and Electric
Company and the Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company will get both the electrlo
and gras contracts for lighting- publio
streets and buildings for the current year.
Being 1 the lowest bidders the Street Light
ing Committee of the Board of Supervi
sors yesterday decided to make the neces
sary recommendations.
The only bidder opposing the monopoly
was the Mutual Company, which bid s'^
cents per 1000 "watt" hours for the In
candescent lighting of the City Hall.
The monopoly bid 5 cents per 1000 "watt"
hours for Incandescent lights in the City
Hall, Central police station, Hall of Jus
tice, corporation yards and the Coroner's
office, and 6 cents for lights at the fira
alarm and police telegraph station, en
gine 2 and the Exempt Fire Company.
The bid for out«ide stations was 15 cents.
The gas contracts were divided betwe-n
the two branches of the combine at the
fixed rate. SI SS per ICW) cubic feet.
Dependable Drugs
She
Likes
The Owl
Last Monday a woman said: "I
always patronize The Owl Drug-
store. They do such a big business
I feel assured of getting the very
freshest drugs and medicines; a big
store always attends to business better,
any way."
Anita Cream 40c
Lyon's Tooth Powder 20c
Mellin's Food — large . 55c
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Lesley's Talcum Powder, ioc
Cascarets . ioc, 20c, 40c
Kilmer's Swamp Root 40c
Williams' Pink Pills ' jL- ■ . 40c
Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
Ayer's Sarsaparilla , 75c
Pinkham's Compound !? 75c
Maltines 85c
Leibig's Extract of Beef 40c
'' Obesity Goods
We are the Pacific Coast agents for
Dr. Edison's obesity goods— pills,
salts, and bands. Write for 8 page
circular. ,;l":ir:;v|
Jr^\ 11 28 market St., s.>.
< Tf^.n*^,") . TEL. south 358 , .
lOth A BROADWAY (tCL.WUim ao») OAKLANDREPUBLICANS
OF OHIO RALLY
State Campaign Opens
at Akron.
LARGE CROWDS ARE PRESENT
P.OOSEVEI.T URGES SUPPORT OF
THE A TWTXISTRATION.
Appeals to All People Irrespective of
Party to Uphold the Honor of
toe American. Ha;
Abroad.
Ssacf»l riiixi.'h to The Call.
AKRON'. Ohio, Sept. 23.— The Repub- i
lican State campaign waa opened hers ;
to-day with on« of the largest crowds
known In th« history of politics in ;
Ohio.
Judff- Nash arrive ! from Columbus
•■" * o'clock in the morning, accom
panied by his daughter. Mrs. Babcock.
Colonel Charles Dick. Secretary of
State Kiniey, Auditor of StaU Gilbert j
and Hon. H. M. Daugherty, who was '
Ins leading opponent for the nomina- |
tion before the Columbus convention, j
Governor P*oosevelt and his escort, the ;
Tlppecanoe Club of Cleveland, did not j
arrive until after 13 o'clock. An im- j
xn«ns« crowd greeted them at the sta- J
tlon, and the party was taken to the J
Kctel Buchtei. From here Judge Nash. j
Governor Roosevelt, Senator Banna.
Colonel Dick and other distinguished j
guests went to the Elks' clubrocms, j
where they ate dinner with the news
paper men. This waa an entirely non- j
partisan affair.
The parade began at 2 o'clock. It was j
in six divisions and in charge of Cap- j
tain A. "Wagner as general marshal. ;
There were 15,000 men in line. The j
moat conspicuous features were the es
corts of Colonel Roosevelt and Judse '
Nash, the one of the veterans of the
Spanish- American war and the other j
of the veterans of the Civil War. The ]
meeting was held at Grace Park, with- |
In whose confines fully 75,000 people j
gathered, only a small portion of whom
could get within ranje of the voices
cf the speakers. Jud?e N. B. Tibballs
presided; President Ira Priest cf Buch- j
tel offered prayer, and the Columbus
Glee Club of 100 voices sang:.
Judge Nash was the first speaker, j
He concluded as follows:
"Within the last few years many of the
business men of this country have con
solidated their great interests Into cor
porations and combinations, which are
popularly known as "trusi3." Tha men
fwho conduct our manufactories, trade
and commerce are generally intelligent; j
I far-seeing citizens, with patriotism
equal to that o£ any Other cia^s ol cm-
B*ns. I am very loth to believe that
th-jae men would knowingly do anything j
that would be detrimental to the coun- ;
try or their fellow men. It is true, how- !
ever, that there are things connected with j
these new organizations that need tegu- j
lauon by law, in order to prevent evils
which niay arise.
Undoubtedly careful and wise legisla
tion will b« required both on the part of
Congress and the State Legislature to
rsguiate and prevent evils which may
emanate from the large corporations, j
Such legislation we can safely entrust to
the men of the Republican party.
At the conclusion of Judge Nash' 3
ep^ech Governor Roosevelt was intro
duced, and he spoke at considerable j
length. After indorsing the policy of j
the national administration in regard \
„ thii . Phiip pines. .Governor Roosevelt
concluded with these words:
}Jy fellow citizens, this contest o£ yours
In Ohio is no more a. State contest. It i 3 [
a national ccntest. Our opponents aro ;
fighting on national grounds. They taK.a i
their stand in favor of economic unrest, I
of financial dishonesty and of national j
dishonor. We take up the glove that they :
throw down. We meet tnem on every j
point. "We stand for a continuation of tha j
conditions which have brought prosperity
to us. We stand for an intelligent effort
to wipe out any wrong that may arise i
without substituting a tenfold greater j
evil. Finally, we stand for upholding the
traditional American policy of defending
the honor of the American people in the
face of any foreign foe and of i
giving' free outlet to- the vigorous j
and abounding strength of the na- .
tion. If we flinch from doing our
task in the face of the nations, if we
See from the Philippines, we shall have
written a shameful page In the history j
cur country, a tag- ; which our sons and ■
rrar..isor.a will read with bowed heads. I j
verily believe that the shame and angnr i
much action would, arouse in our bosoms [
would force us in a few brief year 3 again
to tread the path upon which we have
row entered: only the delay would in
crease beyond measure the difficulty and
dar.ger. "CVe cannot shrink from, doing the ]
task allotted to us, unless we are content
to see it dene by stronger hands and to
admit that we are not in the first rank
among nations. Surely no American
■worthy the name will make such an ad
mission. In the present crisis ire appeal j
rot merely to party but beyond party; J
■w« appeal to all good citizens, to all pa- i
trlotic Americans, to stand with us as |
•we uphold nnar.cial integrity and the con- i
iitiens which make for material prosper
ity at home, as we uphold the honor ■ *
t e e T. 3.% and the interests of the nation
abroad.
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
BURDENED women. I
We look in amazement at the burdens j
tome women carry upon their heads.
Yet how light they are compared with
the hardens some women carry upon
their hearts. There are childless women
-whose hearts ache ceaselessly because of j
the childless home. That* burden of j
childlessness has been lifte^. from the j
heart of many a woman by the use of j
Dr. Pierce Favorite Prescription. Many i
of the obstacles to maternity are renov- j
able. Such obstacles are entirely re- 1
moved by Favorite Prescription." It
contains no alcohol nor narcotic
«
."Tarried Six Years and Childless.
■'I have never written you how grateful I am
to you for your help in securing good health and
cne of the sweetest, dearest, thirteen pound
girts that ever came into a home," writes Mr*. M.
Va*ine. of 647 South Liberty Street, Galesburjr..
111. " : took «ix bottles of fir. Picrce's Favorite !
Prescription, four of the 'Golden Medical Dis- j
co-wrry"" and tour vials of Dr. Pierce* Pleasant
PelletJ. Before I had taken four bottles of the
1 Faforite Prescription ' I was a new woman. I
canact ssake pen describe my heartfelt grati-
tude, so win dose by saying if aav one dispute*
the value of Dr. Pierces medicine* I will be
pleased to coniirai the truth of all I say if they
will enclose stamped envelope for reply."
Dr. Pierce s Pleasant Pellets are a
ladies' laxative. No medicine equals
tiiexa for gentleness and thoroughness.
I
THE __POBIXn_,
y ■ - ' •
[ Sales.
* A list of attractive Bargains for one day
* only that will mike to-morrow a busier
:^ day than ever in the big store,
♦ Boys' all-wool We offer to morn>w , fr 3 * 4°
3» — -A _ # **<= ali-wool Cheviot 3a. ts .0
9, 01/#CS 33 $JiOJf boys 7 to 15 years of age.
i, . :oubie b.-eisted coat and knee pants, the
* /^2-v% ' co.on dust-pro if gray or brown mixture 3,
* ra al th* sait strong y made for hard, every-day
* \iy wear, trousers with nblfl seats and knees,
* /^^V perfect fitting, and worth $2.c0, for Monday
* /\ i'> |\ only, eacil ** $i*6s
\. / A S\ il#f_O:/V "We <f*r 'or
* U(\ L.U £**r^ //r 1-** Monday only
* V*? L it/ ChlffOnS, pOCm 375 yards of
$> I^tP **% »or t> e3 - :- '" cal Ik Chiffons or
*' lily j^{ M ttsae'ine -« Soie, 45 inches wide, in a
* \'-^ / 111 compute assortment of desirable colorings,
*. *• 1/ i 7 nink3, bias, cardinal, heliotrope, etc., per
* UM %:i ~ 58 °
1 \}J ' ' Table 20 ° «° oi Tabla
a. \ U J»«*-» «?#»_ Coders, 1 yard
% AiX COVerS l3Cm square, fringed
* - l *4ji^ a * irosad, It goo: pa : ems, in assorted
* colors, on special sale fcfoaday, eaah^../8o
* ; . .
* DraoGfM 100 ° r aris oi : "" ;8 a2d 1 *
» Tf «■#•»* .Jr : - or all T ria( j a of draperies, a trifle
* frMGGS? 3 Cm soiled and so aarksd to c o=e on
* Monday only, per yard 3c and So
»
»
* C dumb! a Oti Moti - c- - v
* mm **• r>*»r <iay only, *«^>^_
t Knitting Silk, VB wtfi esSssSi j]
* of sr 00 dozen of this well-ksown ffiffitfFi^zfisk II)
* make of Knitting Silk, each spool con- ff Mj *gfia[ fa j^ 111
* taiaiag SO yards, regularly Fc a H tej| jsjfciy
? ipool. at 2 spools for...- ISO £«. | 8 | ' |IS ' cy
» Crystal -;. f™- \\\swMj
J Pitchers, c/jitVi ViVw.i^
» Water Pitcher . shape of .lustration, *«ss_= =_^^^
* a ana imitation of cut glass, each-
* „ 150
I Golf Shawls.
* On Special Sale Man* Oar entire line of imocrted
* day and Tuesday- '--'-' and Steamer ShawU,
? hinaaome colorings an: __ ■. . .
J stylas for Golf Cap?a
.% and trare ing pnrpose3,
* heavily frisked in the ■-'• — ~ *~\*\ ' ~t^t~ V)
h same colorings as I 8 V ' ;< '^' hwi''«tM'^-W«i|raa'«frf/
* fabric itself. Tha • )<sjj j;.|^( |? MHM
* regular prices raize , IwJM.».r.4:uHnil!lß««i"
* #0 _ $6 to $20 "ach. For 2 day only we offer them i : one-
* quarter off regular prices.
» _____
ft
| Household Bargains.
* Come to the Big Store and learn how to save
* money without sacrificing quality.
» Bleached Sheeting— 'Soft finish, round thread, m-
* dr-isseti and fa'ly 2^ yards wide — yard ~J2QG
* Pillow Cases — Made car fa Iy from Peqaot B!ea.-h?d
* f'*;Pi " iow Mas -. — nm 54x36 inches— each /7s 3
* ffUCk Towels— The h<»?vy, cose kind— hemmed, nest
%. em cor i-»rs — 16x32 inches — per dozen $1.35
% Turkish Towels— An excellent heavy bleachei fab' c—
> a zcod wearer t~o— =<iz3 2'}x43 inches pec • - S2-OO
* French Flannels— lmported Twi'lei Wrap-er F.aa-
> neio. in the fall '99 t n — width 27 inches— per yiri...
* .„ : .6~c
* Comforters- A new lot — rich twill sateen cov»rina —
«. fancy q'i^tdd — each — • s><oo
» Blankets- Fine White California Wool — good quality.
j» good firtish, and -srann — pair $3*25
* Spreads— -Fine White Marseilles— full »«— patterns n^w
* and ef active — each • .- •■ $i*6s
♦ .
| Carpet Offerings.
%. Two very special values or the coming week-
& Brussels Carpet— A weil-knowi, raiiab.e ma<e, in a
* <r-e Tar:- of brisht. cheerful patterns, bought by the
«V Big^S:ora wJy under viiue and to be sold the -arn-s way,
* ara mark?--! 3pe ill for this week— per yard - 4-3O
\ Straw Matting- A large cousignm?n: boagii at a
jt very special pri:e — now on sale in 40-yard roils only — p3r
* yard : -WO I
ROWLAND OFFERS
HIS RESIGNATION
• ■
Finds It Impossible to
Cover His Territory.
♦ '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Sept. There is doubt
whether Ward B. Rowland of this city
will act as the State Dairy Board i in
spector Dr. Rowland says many cattle
ax* undoubtedly affected with Texas fe
ver in this section, and he cannot cover
the territory which the board demand*
he shall cover. He supposed that this
county would be his field. The sum of
$300 was set aside for his use up to De
cember 31. This will not enable him to
hire an assistant, and now the board in
fo-ms him his territory Includes all
Southern California, except a portion of
£i Af*er Yeceivinsr this information he
wrote to the State Board that bis com
mission and papers were at its disposal.
He was urged by the ecretary of the boaru
?« do tn? best he could. It is evident that
the north does not realize how prevalent
the disease 13 among the cattle in the
south. The diseas* of Texas fever came
here from Kansas and is introduced to
cattle through the medium of a tick. A
short time ago a bushel of these ticks
wa3 taken from a herd. Recently a
rancher from the north. 127 of whose cows
died was informed that the disease was
Texas fever. The rancher did not know
what his cowr died of.
Th» fever la believed not to b« communi
cated by the milk to human beings, but
few people like to take milk that comes
from diseased cattle. Dr. Rowland says
he has no doubt that much milk Is being
sold here from infected cattle. He is will
ing to answer complaints, but cannot
mm- th« territory to in«T>ect Cattle.
GRAIN CROP HEAVY.
Transportation Companies at Stock-;
ton Are Kept Busy.
STOCKTON, Sept. 23.— The county roads
are lined with heavy wagon trains haul
lr.g grain to Stockton. From appearances
on the water front, the alarm about the
discrimination in favor of Port Coeta was
needless* It Is reported that some of the
local warehouses have already closed
down, and cannot accept another sack of
{Train. Grain Is even beine stored In bams
and improvised sheds. The crop is what
may i"-« termed tremendous.
A report from Roberts Island, the great
grain-producing district, says that all of
the grain on the upper division Is either
thrashed or In sack, having been cat with
iica-iiers. On the middle division, however,
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
THE EMPOBITJIL
Mr. Al Hazard, the best ventriloquist in America, will, during the coming week,
entertain visitors to the Exhibition Hull, on Second Floor, 10 to 12 a. m. and 2to 5
p. m. Admission Free,
store. W Ooldcnßaic Bazaar. *3 /<"^>-
Cregar Stock- Men's Pants.
Ujj ulllj hjjsi r^n 55 aiii/ $6 Values on Sale This Week
iffirnyfl I at S2.SO
r |!|i if- \l If you have a su.tor two with the trous-
§ jgajfc .I 1 IV. \| ers worn out. here is your opportunity.
sl© \i Si 1 ll Th? big store bought at less than the cost of
l^W- \\ I\' li making the entire stock (1397 pairs) of men's pants
»f "i- ; I 11 I l| JU*- Wof Mr. Wm. Cregar of 14 Sansome street, who is retiring from busi-
jjj: Hi l\ ■ ;I^^l- ness. Mr. Cregar has long been known as a manufacturer of fine
3* 11 I / \\*^ « goods. These trousers are in ' every way desirable, the materials fine new
If 1 wr 0^ Tg worsteds in striped effects, all silk sewn and splendid fitting. The gt^^^ €%f%
J&*~* « greatest bargain in pants we have ever been able to offer — regular m%f\f
$5 and $6 trousers in all regular sizes on sale for one week at
Autumn Dress Fabrics.
Prettiest Plaids Produced, Bister Crepons, New Silks, Etc.
The assortments are superb the largest ever shown in a single store on the
coast There is not a taste that we will not undertake to suit, because the variety embraces every styl-
ish weave and coloring. Here are a few hints for good dressers :
Plaids, Etc. Black Goods, New Silks*
r~~~» Bt,M—Ai t -U. in The most conspicuous nov.'tiea i» It is only became wa bought before
Fancy Piaias — 43 incaes wide, in Black Dress Fabrics for the Winter *ea* ** ri3a « pncea that we can offer such
«yil« color combination, of .een, ; rf lg^ &^ are tHa Ijtfill exquiite fabrics at the beginning of th*
brown, tan, blue and black— a. _. Bii3t . r Crejjons . We men- season at the prices wnich now prevail
..........»UO t . oa three in the items below, wh, will I { our silk section. Every good w 91 t 8
French Plaids- 44 Inches wide. , V 9 9ati3 , actor7 wear at a vary moder- .in **cry new color* here.
12 handsome patterns, suitable fo r " te expenge JacquSrd Stripes— 2l isckea
skirts and children's dresses — per ' mM^u^s^ r n «nnH-41 wiae ' a fali Isne of nsw coloria i? s . »
7ar( i _ $i.OO English Mohair Crepon-4.1 charmJas gnirt wa i at fabric— per yard
—- i" .' , , , ... . .. mc.ies, the very oest made, very iU3- j*j in
Shetland P/a/rfs-43mch« wid., H£iKE^--: OoprforfS^7ies-'Tich*wMT
•kirt, a splendid qua it- this— at p-- d *y 75 ;-J c wrings .n an tne new Fv.
/ - £1.25 J ***** shading^— per yard $I*lo
v van.. ~;":*7""";*":"' . .:* English Mohair Crepon -42 Satin Stripes -21 inches wide,
Zibllme Plaids-^- inches wide, in he;J wile> a Bpl , a . id qualltv n | aao t.iier new and pretty shirtwaist
the new shaggy surface, in . str J i_. about 20 different patterns, tha best , fabric in a largi range of colorings-
cowrcomon tons— per yard-*7«Za crepon that can be bought— per yard par yard $1.10
Fancy Suiting-*! inches wide, a $2.Q0 Taffetas— 2l-inch Black ground with
plain c oth w;ta back _ camel's hair English Blister Crepon -a | colored satin, stripes— and 21-inch
stripe, the newest of the Fall • noyet- • beautiful fabric, poplin ground, the Satin grouada with white cord-d
ti s — per yard $135 Blister effect, bright and a very silk? ; stripes — in a beautiful line of aew
Whipcords —50 inches wide, a luster, a c oica assortment of stylish Fall and Winter tradings— yard—
lie tv fabric in th» new FWl^sn-i dcs : gn3— per yaxd $-.25 • $1*25
Winter co'or:ng3 — per yard-- $' ! .5J 0i" assortment "of Black Nov-ity Suis Blaok Silks— the complete Fill and
Satin Mille Raye — a 54-inch | Patterns comprses the very sweMeat Winter Stack of Satin Luxor, Armures,
cot- cue "latest weave for tailor ■ effects in Silk Crepon3 and tne Mite Peaa de Soiea, Maacotta, Corsica,
<»aits,' striped *ffect3 in lght and lasae— the pr:ce3 for complete suit Satin de Lyon, Crystal Cord Poplins
"dark gray, tan, brown V>d grwn-oer pifte-ns are- and $2..51 and Satia Duchesse-n-r to'fejro
yard.......!...!.. ...S2*QO $.6.50, 32 0 and $23.53 • 75c to $2*50
Neckwear, Ribbons, Trimmings, Etc. .
An Unmatchable Collection of Fall Novelties.
Ostrich Feath- x^\ New Scarfs y^ a. r Stock Col'
(fPs) ~m. &MC A i.JLj. /CdfiSs —made oa wash iP^~^^3i far and Ja-
MM er Bo - X large /<£(lm bond..* with a ? - h^m tot - Entirely
(QR^ importation xa-excep- \^^^Ji>\ pliqued ends of H-. - M|pSp new designs . mJ:
\S&ii t:onal qualities-rich, lus , A^_ J%*/f.\) ton lace - a very M^? l^* of chiffon — elabo-
\^*? troua feathers -boas made / 'jSJf dainty and effective /.*&&&< rat' v trimmed in
J*l -sW extra ; l— : he co.o-s nat- "< j* aeck ireasiaK— each *^^S'?^\ inbv' e;g* — ea-h
ural — u-ht gray back .1" •- i^g^ 51.25, 51.75, / *te?® ~- -*- fl-75 an,* 52.50
't^^jr^w^ ■*"■•"" — '*' ~ 512.50, f.^r/ — <ao *A 'SO ' Satin r Va#~
14 517.50 v. 522.50 Z ? J vef Stock
Jgbgk Black Boas— /^'m* {l^ J^!&&\sis\ Collars— a good
yg 7 53. 50 to 522.50 AVaf.*?^ /^'^ ®iI f# quality made in -he
iNyTK- .J . a S^^^ -■ v«C ars3t s i a P e ''' "it*
/ft c^~££>. ds&P&P' %&& isl^ alf colors— sach-.l'
/Q _ v^? \ **§i -fir .25c
English m Liberty Silk r; J^^Jj Velvet Neck /^7> $>
Handker- Wl Scarfs — Two fL^jKli Bows— lat- fv^fl
Chief W yards Ion?, briliianc***\v— "^kj^ /' / i e3t craze— jast re- Z^-if*
. , _ U^a\ bhck and durable — _^swC^-^ ceived, a large 1m- y 'jr
icarfS h\oi\ * farciy trtamad m* <^^^ v *^Pv\ ' portation of Satin- /£&£%}
In all the lat- A Pv& ! pleat it ends - three "^^^/0^ Bick Velvet Ribbms f^^f^NN-^.
est colorings; ml \*3sS. grades 65c, i n all wiitha and , y mM^ v?^
plaiia, Persian 'f A 51.25 and Si. "^t^P*^ | coloring^ which are j.( ■MJ \
"--; j ASI iwifiS'N * now displayed at the i/l „>!§£& , y
eff »eta and •id *££F ■'' f aiJCy All-Over Mater i- ribbon section — all 'I'j^fSr />
s^lil co'.o'-s; &L~j!2 V/lr / a ' s for yoking and drea* fronts — en- tae latest style 3 in /wf! //yl^
an attractiva /S^^ffti * / tire.y hemstitched and corded valvet neck ani hair \^^^^Jr\J
fail n nT i>!*v /^^^SSJ \ / effects and Veniae few* in b!>c!c or bows made to Older Yd™ \V>V,
, en ~~-— — J v cr^am — per yird — 5i. 25, 51. 75, y expert- free of F \\
eacil SUC 52.50, 53.50 and 54.50 ' charge while you wat. M
Lace Trimmed Handkerchiefs— dozen of the new Handkerchiefs just opened ;
sheer cfrth. wit n*«t little *■'■?** of Val?nci'nr.es be* and insertion, also embroidered — each- l5Cf 2SC sad 353
Hemstitched Handkerchiefs— lso dozen Sheer Lawn Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, with
Vahnc en..es edge, at $1.15 dozen— each !.— I*jO
there is considerable grain yet standing,
and ail the harvesting Is being done there
with steam harvesters. There are ■ <*«
acres in the upper division and 5500 acres
were in grain this year. The yield will be
over 120.000 sacks of grain, of which .0.000
bag 3 are already thrashed. Of this 6000
bags were wheat and the balance barley.
The wheat averages sixteen bass to the
acre and the barley forty-five. The- entire
island crop will be' in sacks by the middle
of next month.
»
GENERAL WESTERN RATE
WAR IS IMMINENT
Cut of 82 50 on th» Regular Bate
Has Been Announced by the
Ag^nt of th« Alton.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— 1n railroad circl-s
here a general Western rate war Is re
garded as imminent. James Charlton.
general passenger a sent of the Alton, to
day notified the chairman of the Western
] Passenger Association that his road would
meet all cuts of competitors over Its own
: counters.
/'We have decided." runs the letter, "on
September 25 to give an open rate of $10
over our own counters to Kansas City.
The tickets will be limited for continuous
passage on date of sale."
This is a cut of 52 50 v>n the regular traf
i no rate and will be used as a basis for the
■■ reduced rate to Omaha.
FOREST FIRES RAGE
AT DALTON CANYON
! Forestry Supervisor Border and a
. Squad of teen. Fighting
the Flames.
PASADENA. Sept. 23.— Another fierce
forest fire broke out to-day twenty miles
i west of this city, and dense columns of
i smoke could be Been all afternoon. Forest
; Ranger Hartwell came in and reported
. that the fire was devastating Dal ton.
Canyon, near the little town of Glendcra.
Forestry Supervisor W. A. Border left for
the scene to-night with a squad of men.
It Is thought the tire may have been
started by careless farmers who own land
In the mountains and burn brush. . It is
unfortunate at this time because the
mountain streams are now being stocked
with thousands of rainbow trout.
Insane Woman. Sues.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 23.— A suit with
sensational allegations was begun In the
I Superior Court to-day by Susan M. Con
! dit against A. W. Condil Both parties
! arc in the insane asylum. The plaintiff,
Iby her guardian, aiieg^s that Condit's
j crueity drove her Insane, and when they
were divorced, seven years ago. he intlm- :
j (dated her Into signing an agreement to
1 accept a house and lot and $15 a month.
She alleges that she was ignorant of the
value or the community property, worth
j $40,000. Th* suit is brought to cancel the
| agreement so she can recover her share.
THE EMPORIUM.
SHARP REPLY TO
THE GOVERNOR
Fight of the Maryland
Republicans.
Special Dlscatch to Tha Ca.ll.
BATIMORLE. Sept. 23.— Senator
! Wellington has forwarded to Governor
: Lowndeg his reply to the letter In
which the Governor requested the Sen
: ator to resign the chairmanship of the
READ MY NEW BOOK. •
Eighty pages, finely illus rated x^ M [ >-^ .. This book 'explains how I've
and free to those seeking a cure. J&gk. (%^ ZM _-. brought to the people the grand-
i<# is<t^'ifr&*~-Aat est of all treatments for Paraly-
It bristles with wholesome f^v^^^^f^'Jii^^^^ , sis, Rheumatism, Kidney Trou-
' ' is.ianev irou-
truths that are worth hundreds /r^*vJF% ■ '/'* ' ble ' Varicocele and Nervous
to every man, and which con- JfjT^ m^h\ \- T^^ "^^/ Diseases. ■It shows how this
cern your life, your happiness. * Wjlk^^ JL \y%'lrfi method is gaining in favor, and
This is no dry, trashy work, fe? ; '/IP^^Ssr^% A M-^ that the cures, which are num-
This is no ary, trashy work, w&/s££SEm*£i^*s \ dt,?fr ji_ -\i_ j v
. J Ww^gPi^gJS —^ bered by thousands, are wrought
but abounds in those clear-cut, W£Sg&S3OX without" medicines. Letters of
crisp ideas and interesting facts '-^§gEglß^w gratitude pour in by each maiL
and are good to read It shows like white-handed Hope, tell' you
how to overcome your weak- of that power which cures your
nes- invigorate your nerves l 2 S l vitality, your. racking paia
neb_, gwi j-uui vc ' v "^j^ gSsfSluf Vs^^ ff^®r^" / Call or write me and receive my
and organs and live to a ripe -f3EE?-' l^S^iffl bV ° ok ree ' and worth Ioo ° to
old ase. . him who has lost strength.
MO M A IU/^I AIIPHI IN 702 Market St cop. Keapny, San Fraacisco, and
DX« M. A. MCLAUunLirN, cor. Spring aid Secosd, Los Angeles.
Office hours— B a. toS:3op. m.: Sundays. 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
THE EMFOBJiraL }
Republican State Central Committee.
The letter is as follows:
Hon. Lloyd Lowndes, Baltimore, lid.
Sir: Tour letter of the 21st instant was
received by me yesterday. After your ac
tion it Is Impossible for me to serve a3
chairman of the Republican State Central
Committee and I had Intended in a legal
way with due notice to convene the com
mittee for the purpose of tendering my
resignation. I understand, however, that
yourself and the other candidates on the
State ticket have taken time by the fore
lock and in a manner entirely unprece
dented end illegal have called together
the committee for Monday, the 25th in
stant. While this is unwarranted and un
lawful, I shall make no objection to it
and hope no on« else will. Should there
be present a quorum at the meeting I
will tender my resignation on Monday
next. I write more in sorrow than In
anger, but, above all, there is present
with me for you. mingled with some pity
for your present weakness, lmmeasure- .
able and unutterable contempt for your
want of frankness and truth. It win be
THE EaffPOKiTTM.
Dresses and Jackets. %
Every taste, every fancy, whether simple or ex-
travagant, can be gratified here. The exquisite *
Fall styles at money-saving prices are ready. *
Ladies' Fall Came/a Hair Dress in bins, light 'and dark gray *
and black, ribbon trimmid as pict- <•
ure, jacket o> front and 3ilk-lined. f^/jy *
skirt new plait back, percaline *Cgj|j?) *
lined, velvet binding, a I sires.... V^i | ' i >?>\.
...^ 9 7mOO -. y^.) 1
.Ladies' Fall Came! 3 Hair Dt« m .{7 *
light and dark b a?, any. b own / -'^ < ~ / <■
and black, Jacket and Skirt silk jsSpV) *
limd throughout, Jacket double I/A \ V *
breasted, 6 nuttdns, skirt habit L-^\ I / "*
back, velveteen binding, highly /V^n " 2
finished, all sizes $25. // V *
Ladies' Fall Jacket, fine tan covert, //
satin lined throughout doub c A
breasted, 6 large psarl buttons. / <#
lapped seam 3, all 3 : z*s ...... $7*95 I j i <•
Ladies' Fal-: Jao>et, all-wool kersey, /'j V "If
brown, navy, tan and black, doable / / \. "J
breasted, satin lined throng • // I, \
all sizes * 9.95 I / \/§ \ J
Ladies' rail Jacket, all-wool kersey, / I \s^" <^ 3
light and dark tan, blue and black, f \i I , » ■*
doable breasted satin lined, also ip^O^ — "^
gray Scotch Frieze, fly front, velvet *>
collar, b ack raffeta iied, ail s:z?s «.— ~s!2m4-5 ■q
Imported M) el Gowns, no two alixe $4O to $175 +
Imported Tan Pelisse, a model of 3tyla an i elegance. $35w00 <•
— *
Portieres— Curtains. ;
Fall stocks now ready at prices which will convince the mos' 2
skeptical that it is economy to buy at the big — Por-
tiews. Curtains, Curtain Nets, Scrim, SiUolines, Denini3»
Drapery Sitka, Art Ticking, Burlaps, Corduroys, Cretons, ■$•
etc. — all — Tapeatry Portieres. 3 yards long, 50- inches ■*
wide, soft and graceful, 6 colors, special value, per ♦
pair - $3.25 J
Tapestry Portieres, 3 yards long, 50 inches wide, 15 styes '
and colors, extra value, per pair $5.00
100 pairs Lac« Curtains, 3^ yards Ion?, 54 inches wi-ie, per
pair ..... . $1.25 •*
100 pairs Lace Curtains, 3}£ yards long, 6) inches wi-)e, r^r *
pair ...............••-•—...».... — $1.75 4*
24 pairs Brussels Lacs Curtains, very handsome, per pair.... 2
.- ~ ~..55.50 J
24 pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains, special value, per pair.... 2
.;. : ;. ~.L...57.50 J
12 pairs Arabian Lace Curtain , extra value, per pair m
.. $12.50 «
?
Free Demonstration |
Velox Paper. I
Every div this week from 1 to sp. m. 'Bring *
your best negative and get a free print. «
Velox Paper print 3 by daylight or lamplight, in black and
white. It is the idsal photographic paper. This week <g>
th? dounh-wei^ht Velox Paper, which requires no <•
mounting, will be introduced, and tha -:e:-ri;ri postal. card 3, ♦
on which portraits, scenes, etc., can be printed for mai'iag to *
friends. ' . *
ffi?' Small Notions %£%*" I
Large Cubes of Black Pins — - So ■$
Genuine English Pins — all sizes — paper « 5c <<
Skirt Bands — ready for ose — 24 to 36 — each 2OtS <■
0 d-fashioned Dutch Linen Tape, ail widths — piece 3o 'Q
Hair Rolls, ah sizes — _ ♦
. — 6c, Be, 12c, 15c and 2Oc ♦
Real Kid Curlers, full stitched— fiozen J
4c, 6c, Sc, :0c and 12c £
Double-Stitch-d Corset Steel, blac* and gray — pair...^.....50 +
Frillei Silk Eia^ti:, new shades — yard - 25c <•
Frilled Cotton E S3tic— yard..... 6c "9
5-iach Heavy Shell and Ambar Pins per dozen....^.. M 50 C *
Siie Combs, with rhinestone setting* — pair 75c ""
Elastic Beaded Bel. a — very pretty — each ~....35g *
Groceries and Liquors. Z
Special Monday, Tuesday, Wednes- *
day Only. %
21 IbSm Fine Dry Granulated Sugar, for *
the three days $1.00 *
Mastavit Coffee— everywhere at 30c per .b , '*
for.. ~ 2SO 2
Babbitt's 76 "— Tfie 1 c packages fr 7© «
f earl D US- — Th*_lo3 package* far -~.. 7© «
Van amp's Soups All kinds, regularly 2 for 25", ■«
special for me 3 days 3 for 250 ♦
Eclipse Champagne— Claris, case of 1 dozen SlO.Ou. ■♦
P r bottle $1.00 ♦
Am V. H. — The genuine Ho.land, in large black bot- 2
tie?, special at „ ..„.. $I*4o 2
Bourbon— Cedar Ran, special per gallon $2.00, o?r
bottle —..... — sOc <•
. A
unnecessary for me to say or do more,
for at the polls In November the people
of the State will administer to you such
a rebuke as will be sufficient punishment
for all that has transpired.
Very truly.
GEORGE L. WELLINGTON-.
Governor Lowndes said, when asked
if he had any comment to make on Sen
ator Wellington's letter:
I have not received any communication.
As far as I am concerned, the incident la
closed. The committee, which will meet
in Baltimore on Monday, represents tne
Republican party of the Stare and If .n
Its judgment it should retain Mr. Welling
ton as chairman, then I shall decline the
nomination for the governorship.
Valuable Deed Filed.
SALINAS. Sept. 23— One of the largest
deeds of real estate ever filed In Monterey
County was recorded here to-day. The
property In question comprises about
20,000 acres of the most valuable land In
THE EMTOBITTM.
the county. It is part of the estate c*
Lucius Sanborn and was deeded to Mr 3.
Nellie Backus of San Francisco and L.
w". Sanbcrn of this city, children of tea
deceased.
A. Mysterious Marriage.
SAX RAFAEL. Sept. 23.— An aged wo
man who refused to give her name either
to County Clerk Graham or Recorder
Connell came to thi3 city yesterday and
endeavored to discover if E. W. Thomp
son of San Francisco had been ma
to Mrs. Ottilie Schinner of Eureka.
The records of the Clerk' 3 office showed
that a License was issued on August 15
of the present year, but there m
record of the ceremony having taken
place. The seeker after information said
that she had come here to look the ma r
ter up at the request of Mrs. Schinner' 3
sister. She visited the local priests and
ministers and ail the magistrates
powered to perform a marriage cere
mony, but said that none of them had
officiated at such a marriage.
56
SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 24. 1899
JOHN D. ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. .
PLBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IST*.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER. WEEK.
Slnplc Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including; Postage:
pAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year *6.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call), « months 3.00 :
JIAILV CALL (Including: Sunday Call), 8 month* .... l-OO
DAILY CALL— Single Month °'" c
BUN] CALL One Tear 1 -"J{
WEEKLY CALL One Year I>o °
All postmasters are authorized to recelvj subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marque ttc Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE «
PERRY LUKENS dR 29 Tribune Bulldlnft
CHICAGO NEWS" STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Uolmii
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 41 Union Square} ■■
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4, L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, ODen untM
0:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22C Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '09<
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh*
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second end Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Orcheum— Vaudeville.
Tivol!-' Othello."
Columbia— "Marie Antoinette," Monday evening-. Septem
ber 25.
California Theater— "A Yenuine Tentleman," Sunday, Oc
tober 1.
Alcazar— "Too Much Johnson."
Grand Opera-house— "The Drum Major"* Daughter."
Chutes, Zoo and Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Circus— Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex
hibit.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing To-day.
Glen Park— Grand performance to-day.
Onklnntl Racetrack — to-morrow.
HAWAIIAN LABOR.
/""» OXTRACT labor is being landed in Hawaii by
( hundreds, in addition to the thousands that have
been received since the islands came under the
liction of the United States.
The British tramp steamer Victoria was taking on
id of contract laborers at Madeira when the
American Consul, Mr. Tones, served notice on the
• Hawaii had been annexed to the United
d, under the laws of this country, their con
are void. This deterred about half of them
embarking. The charter party of the steamer
a protest against the Consul's action, and pre
[ it at Washington through the British legation.
'J lie result was an investigation by our Government
which resulted in reversing the Consul, and now there
images against the United States by the
ts of the ship.
The laws of the United States forbid contract la-
It is a form of involuntary servitude, and that
: 'lidden by the constitution "in the United States
or any place under their jurisdiction." The Consul
seems to have labored under the impression that the
constitution and laws are to be respected and en
forced by the public officers chosen and sworn for
that purpose. Surely it is time to take an observa
tion and find our exact political latitude and longi
tude. With polygamy and slavery under our flag and
jurisdiction in the Sulus and involuntary servitude by
contract labor flourishing in Hawaii, and eight hun
dred thousand dollars a day being spent in a war
not declared by Congress, there seems to be some
support for General Merritt's declaration that the
country has outgrown the constitution.
Recently the lightship, anchored off the heads to
quids vessels into the harbor of San Francisco, was
brought in?ide the bay without notice to mariners. It
is the season of fog off shore, and ships arriving tried
to find the lightship. Some of them nearly struck
above Point Bonita and some narrowly escaped
wreck below Point Lobos, They missed the familiar
lightship and sailed ahead with a feeling of safety
in the belief that they were still far off shore. The
constitution is the lightship which guides our ship
of ttate. If it is withdrawn, by what is the state to
be gtiided? There are sho.als and rocks and bars to
be avoided. What shall mark them and by what shall
the ship be steered?
The Republican party does not wish to be made
responsible for the present plan of navigation by
"dead reckoning." It will certainly protest against
responsibility for what may follow. It will refuse to
be put in the attitude of indorsing polygamy and
slavery and contract labor. It is this aspect which
generally disquiets the party, while it loyally sup
ports the administration in doing all that lies within
its constitutional power to end the painful situation
in the Philippines, but the party has its own future
and usefulness a^d its duty to the republic to con
sider.
When Consuls are turned Sown for deciding that
the laws of the United States must be respected, and
our Government incurs a Hnim for damages by void
ing it* own lawsf there arise responsibilities which
the parly wiil refuse to bear.
Since the political management of William F. Her
rin has proved unsatisfactory to his employers some
of his friends might suggest to a theatrical magnate
that Wi'liam possesses certain qualities which might
qualify him to become a successful stage manager.
Or perhaps he might shine better in a circus.
Jimenes was received In San Domingo with some
thing like an ovation, but it appears his followers did
their shouting before the right time. An opposition
has arisen, and as the army has not received from
Jimenes Hie pay it counted on there is danger it will
join the revolution.
Now that an actress has shot a stage manager for
calling her an "amateur" it is pertinent to inquire
whether the professional ethics of the stage' would
have justified the manager in shooting her if she
had been an amateur.
It is about time to establish a close season for
Southern Pacific accidents. The killing threatens to
reduce the population too much.
THE BY-ELECTIONS.
THE condition of parties in the States which vote*
next November is such as to excite the interest
of partisans and to rouse the thought of political
philosophers. The Republican convention in
Nebraska has followed the example of all that pre
ceded it in other States, in careful abstention from
any indorsement of imperialism, temporary or per
manent. They uphold the President in the military j
effort to maintain such authority in the Philippines j
as the treaty of Paris conveyed, but this is done in the j
spirit of the Senate resolution explanatory of its
' ratification of that treaty, which declared that pcrma-
J nent occupancy of the Philippines was not intended
i thereby. It is easy to see that the Republican party
: has adopted the Fabian policy and proposes to wait
upon events and hold itself in a position to bring
influence to bear upon the next session of Congress.
The Bryan Democracy is blindly clouding counsel i
by an tndiscriminating assault upon the administra
tion, and is just now, by epithet and invective, doing I
for imperialism the same service tlvat was rendered j
I anti-imperialism by the attacks of Merritt, Reid and ,
i others upon the constitution and the Declaration of !
{ Independence. The Republican party everywhere ;
I seems to be keeping its head cool and its feet warm, \
! while in temperature its enemy has changed ends, and :
I is marching on cold feet and with hot head to an
assault that will but little benefit it next year.
In many of the States both parties are distressed by !
factions which are especially active. In Kentucky the
j Democrats are at each others' throats with tooth and i
! claw, and in Ohio the Republicans are not much bet- '
| ter off. The Southern Democracy is very tired of
' Bryan and wants to unload him. For that the Sara
'■■ toga conference was called, and for that the word
: has been passed throughout the South, and there has
followed a general feeling of unrest. Such men as !
; ex-Senator Faulkner of West Virginia, Gorman of
Maryland and Scott Ilowell of Georgia are weary of
' Bryan's leadership, and some of them show signs of
intending to fall in behind Henry Watterson and Sen
ator Morgan 'in the indorsement of imperialism as an
open reason for antagonizing the Nebraskan. Among
these has lately been lighted a new hope. If Kentucky
go Republican in November it will furnish the South
a pretext for repudiating Bryan and save it the neces
sity of openly supporting imperialism for that pur
pose. This, seeming to be well understood in
Kentucky, is what puts such serious weight into the
bolting candidacy of John Young Brown against
bel, the regular nominee. The crux of the Re
publican situation is in Ohio. That State is the ancient
hotbed of faction in both parties. The Democracy
was long torn into tatters by fhe feud between Wash.
I. can and Senator Thurman. McLean was an
intriguer of rare ability. Thurman had stood in the
Senate for sound money in the time when the green
back storm was a political blizzard. He had as thor
oughly identified himself with sound money as did
Cleveland and Carlisle later on. But Thurman was
ambitious to succeed himself. He was getting old,
r.nd to found out his life and end it in a Senatorial
j career, which for a Western Democrat must be the
j first in duration and importance since Thomas 11.
I Benton, became his dearest wish. Wash. McLean
j had always fought him, but now he appeared
;as a friend and tempter. If Thurman would go to
i Ohio and make a greenback speech he should be
| Senator and succeed himself. The ambitious old man
took the bait, and in his speech at Wooster swallowed
jit and the hook and himself. He was beaten and
dropped into the ranks of the "old Romans," the
I American euphemism for old has-beens.
Since then the party in Ohio has been wandering
around without its head, an object of pity, indigent
and incapable of self-supp'>rt. But this year it has
found "an angel" in John R. McLean, old Wash's
son, and for the first time in many years its hoop?
seem to be tight.
Strangely enough, or naturally enough, a? one may
look at it, just a? the Ohio Democracy i- showing
signs of union and strength, Ohio Republicanism,
which had trotted along smoothly enough, breaks,
goes off its feet and is biting its own thumb at itself.
Jonesism in Toledo, the street railroad strike in
j Cuyahoga County, and McLean's influence in Hamil
| ton, present a vexatious situation to torment the Re
; publican managers. As if this were not enough, the
! chronic temper of Senator Foraker is apparent in the
situation. It is known that in 1896 the State was long
j in doubt, and it is believed to have been saved by
the gold Democracy, and it is also known that For
aker's friends would not have worn the usual badge
of mourning for thirty days if it had not been saved
at all.
If there is not some balm for the party feuds this
! year it is not impossible that Democratic Ohio may
salute Republican Kentucky across the Ohio River.
Then what? That such a result would profoundly
affect the attitude of each party toward its present
leadership there can be no doubt, and so there can be
1 no doubt that the general result of the by-elections
will leave the Republican party as firmly entrenched
I as ever, and then the wisdom of its conservatism on
! imperialism will be manifest.
The Sheriff of Santa Gara County admits he can
not find Dunham nor the skeleton whose discov-erv
was reported, but he claims to have found the spot
where the bones lay, and counts that as a clew.
BANKING DEVELOPMENTS.
NOT long ago the United States Investor di
rected attention to the decadence in banking
which is taking place in the country districts
of the East, and now the New York Times points
out that there has been a movement among the
larger banks of that city to establish branches in for
eign countries to facilitate our expanding commerce.
The two items taken together show a tendency in
financial as well as in commercial and industrial
circles toward the expansion of large institutions at
the expense of small ones.
In reviewing the decline in the country banks of
the Eastern States the Investor attributes it to a
growing disinclination on the part of the managers
of such banks to discount mercantile paper and a ten
dency to loan only on collateral security. The new
course is regarded as an evil to the community, since
the average merchant or manufacturer in the country
districts has no collateral. Such money as he owns
is invested in business. What he borrows upon is
his standing in the community, his business ability
and his integrity. His energy and his work are, more
over, prime factors in building up the community in
which he lives and in giving employment to its labor.
When the banks refuse loans his business is crippled
and the locality suffers. The evil is made worse by
the fact that the money of the country banks, being
no longer used at home, goes to the cities, whefe
capitalists who have collateral make use of it for the
purpose of promoting great" undertakings, many of
which are wholly speculative.
It is probable that the drain of money in that way
from the country districts to the great centers is what
produces the congestion of capital in those centers
and e-ngenders that spirit of spec^ation which of late
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 1899.
has been so marked in the purchase of shares in in
dustrial trusts of almost every kind. It may also
account for the facts that we have been lending
money to Europe and that the larger bankers of the
East purpose to open branch banks in foreign coun
tries for the purpose of finding employment for their
capital.
What is noted here as merely the beginning of a
movement toward the upbuilding of great banks at
the expense of small ones is a tendency which in
Great Britain has already reached a point where it
has become a widespread evil. About a year ago the
London Chronicle published an elaborate series or
papers on the subject, and in the course of them
stated that while a capitalist who wished to borrow
a million pounds could get it at lower rates
of interest than were ever before known, yet the
tradesmen and smaller manufacturers of the king
dom could hardly get money at all. So great had
the evil become that in many cases the large manu
facturers were forced to borrow money in large sums
and divide it in loans to the retailers who handled
their goods. In other cases co-operative borrowing
societies were formed among tradesmen and small
manufacturers to obtain money for their business.
It is well to have this tendency of the time pre
sented now, before it reaches in this country anything
like the point it has attained in Great Britain. Our
local industries are too valuable to be subjected to the
double danger of being crushed by great trusts and
stifled by a lack of financial advantages. The issue
will come before Congress when it undertakes the
work of currency reform, and care should be taken at
that time to provide that ample banking facilities be
given to every district of the country.
CALIFORNIA has for the members of the In- j
stitute of Mining Engineers a welcome more
than usually warm. The foundation of the
State was laid by miners, in the most romantic and
adventurous period of its history it was under the
control of miners, most of the fortunes of the early
days were gathered from the mines, and to this day
mining constitutes one of its most important indus
tries.
The miners who are now to visit us are very differ
ent from the adventurous men who came to work the j
placers in the days of old. They are not men who
take chances. They are men of science. Their work
in the mines is based upon a foundation in which luck j
and fortune cut but a small figure. It is constructed j
of all that human learning has gained from experience
in mines in every part of the globe and from experi
ments in the laboratories of the civilized world. 1
They are better fitted to appraise the worth of our i
mining resources than any other body of men in the 1
country, and it is because of their ability to appreciate
the mineral stores of our rich commonwealth that we
so highly appreciate them.
The members of the mining institute are not them
selves investors in mines to any great extent, but they
are the authorities and experts whom the mining cap
italists consult and by whose advice they are guided in
making investments. Such reports as they make of
our developed and of our undeveloped resources of
mineral wealth will be of vast importance to us. They
are not idle holiday seekers who are here for pleasure
merely, but guests whose purpose is the acquirement
of knowledge as well as the enjoyment of such enter
tainments as we may provide, and therefore are
doubly welcome to a State whose people even in their
moments of recreation are alive and alert to the great
i*sue of advancing the material welfare of their com
monwealth.
THE NEW ENGLAND COTTON
INDUSTRY.
SOUTHWARD the New England cotton mills
take their way. and unless some means be found
to prevent, it is probable that within a com
paratively few years the yrent bulk of the cotton
cloths of the country will be manufactured south ot
the Potomac and the Ohio.
The drift of the nulls away from New England has
long been noted, and in that section has been studied
with considerable care. For a time it was believed
the Southern mills would never be able to compete
with New England in the manufacture of any except ;
the coarser fabrics, but that belief, which was founded
on hope rather than on reason, has proved fallacious. |
Some of the biggest mills in New England engaged .
in manufacturing the best class of goods have moved
south, and the end is not yet. According to late re
ports arrangements arc being made for the removal |
of the Springvale Cotton Mills (Springvale, Maine) i
to Fort Valley, Georgia. This will be the second
migration from York County, Maine, the first being i
that of the plant and business of the Portsmouth Cot
ton Mill of South Berwick, about a year ago. The
Springvale mills operate 300 looms and 10,500 spin- ■
dies, making sateens principally.
The economic forces that draw the mills to the
I South are many, and in the aggregate constitute a j
i great power. The Southern mills have newer and J
better machinery than those of the North; they get
i the raw material cheaper, because the cost of trans
portation is less; they obtain cheaper labor, because
the cost of living is less in the South than in New j
j England: and in addition to these natural advantages
i on the part of the South there are others of legisla
tion not less effective. Competition and high taxes
are driving the mills from New England, and induce
'■ ments in the shape of remission of taxes for a long
1 period of years, grants of land (in some cases free of
cost), free water rights, etc., are attractive forces
which are drawing the evicted mills toward the South.
It is a significant fact, not generally known, that
many of the largest, newest and finest cotton mills in
the South have been erected with New England capi
tal.
As a means of counterbalancing the advantages of
the South and thus preventing what threatens to be a
wholesale migration of the cotton industry south
ward, some New England capitalists have suggested
the advisability of organizing a great trust to operate
[ the mills of that section. The scheme has been much
f discussed. Some authorities pronounce it "consoli
dation run mad," but others affirm it has already been
i virtually accomplished in all essential matters and is
absolutely necessary for the preservation of one of
the greatest of New England industries.
To form the purposed trust will require a capital
;of $150,000.000 — or, at least, that is the amount of
capital stock suggested for the enterprise. Comment
ing upon it. the New York Tribnne says: "The
■ theory is that a centralized management will not only
; get rid of all sorts of leaks and weaknesses resulting
from local influences, but will effect radical and long
1 needed improvement in methods and machinery, being
no longer restricted by desire to earn dividends on the
plants which need reconstruction, and will stop the
I competition which has been found destructive.
' Whether the man or men can be found who have the
faculty or the strength to accomplish what the best
' men in the business have failed to accomplish Is of
I course the question on which everything depends, and
j which no theory can possibly answer."
THE MINING ENGINEERS,
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfiUGHT.
Yachtsmen, and, indeed, all lovers of
sporting events, will be well pleased to
learn that Captain Evans of the United
States navy has been detailed to patrol
the course in the coming race between
the Columbia and the Shamrock, and
that for the performance of the work
he is to have under his command "a
small squadron of revenue cutters and
other light naval craft."
The supervision of the race by an offi
cer of such rank and of the well-known
firmness of Captain Evans will assure
fair play for the yachts. He can be re
lied upon to keep the course clear and
to prevent any interference on the part
of excursion steamers or pleasure boats
of any kind that may go down to see
the sport.
That much is excellent. There is,
however, an after thought sure to rise
sooner or later in the minds of reflect
ing citizens. Why should a naval offl
| cer of Evans' rank be deputed with a
number of United States cutters to at
tend a yacht race?
The Prince of Wales is a yachtsman
in Great Britain, and yacht races there
j have been interfered with by steamers;
j but as yet his Royal Highness has
I never ordered a British naval officer to
attend his sports. Kaiser W T illiam is a
yachtsman, and he also has known ex
cursion steamers to crowd the course of
the yacht races in Germany: still there
j has never been any report of the Kaiser
! detailing a squadron from his navy to
! supervise them.
We are getting a nice little display of
imperialism in this performance. If the
navy can be used to promote the sports
of millionaires on the sea, why should
not the army be used to attend their
sports on land? Golf clubs frequently
complain of trespass on the part of the
country folks, and farmers have been
known to interfere with the noble sport
of fox-hunting or chasing the anise
seed bag. Why not detail General Shaf
j ter with a squadron of cavalry to at
tend the games at Burlingame, or send
General Merritt to lackey the amuse
ments of Newport? The thing is feas-
J ible. Sincp we are to have imperial
1 sports under the patronage of the Gov
| eminent and at the expense of thf> na
'. tion. let us do it in th** fashion of old
i Rome and provide for military guards
i on land as well as naval escorts on the
j sea.
• • •
Tho office, the dignity and the re
; sponsibilitles of the position of admiral
I of yacht racing will probably not be
! displeasing to Captain Evans, for
"Fighting Bob." as a devotee of rod
'■ and gun, is in all likelihood a votary of
all sports, and would as soon command
i a yachting contest as to direct a con
j flict with the navy of a first-class sea
. power. He declared at the outbreak of
: t'.ie late war he would make Spanish
: the court language of hell, and he is
. doubtless now arranging to start the
New York excursion steamers in the
same direction. Possibly when he re
i turna from the races he will receive a
i triumph, have a memorial arch in his
i honor and be mentioned as a candidate
' for the Presidency by several newspa
pers. Let us accept the situation as it
stands with unfretted minds and be
thankful the detail was not assigned to
Sampson or Schley or to Dewey him
self.
• • *
Concerning Sir Thomas Lipton, who
has come to this country to advertise
his wares and to win the America's cup
if he can, there are wide differences of
' opinion. He has been greeted in New
: York with something like an ovation
: and welcomed with the hearty words:
"We like you, Sir Thomas." In London
! he is not so much esteemed. One of the
aristocratic weeklies of that city, in
discussing the yacht race, said recently:
"The man can be of no interest what
ever except to his family and the
> shareholders of his grocery business."
The American appraisement of the
challenger is undoubtedly the more cor
rect of the two. Sir Thomas is decid
edly of interest to more people than
; London aristocrats think, and the judg
ment pronounced upon him by the
weekly which circulates in the clubs
was probably due to the neglect on his
: part to judiciously place his advertis
! ing. Certainly a man born in such
humble circumstances that it is a dis
; puted point whether he had his birth
! in Ireland or in Scotland, and who,
starting as a homeless waif, has worked
his way up to the proud position of a
challenger in an international yacht
! race, must be interesting to all persons
! except those who are blase and those
who like to talk about the weather. He
; has no blue blood in his veins, but he
i has what is better— the rich red blood
of a vigorous, sanguine manhood. He
knows his worth, moreover, as well as
any self-made man in our own country,
and though British clubmen sneer at
him the Iron will never enter his soul
as long as he has tin In his purse.
Professor Bacon of the State Univer
sity, in an address before the Unitarian
Club, set forth the imperialist Justifi
cation of the conquest of the Philippines
in this way:
"The theory of the white man's bur
den may briefly be stated as this: It is
the business and the interest and the
duty of the white man — that is, the man
of civilization — to rule, to care for, to
uplift, to enlighten and to bring if pos
sible into the light of modern civiliza
tion the other man wherever he ia
found; that it is at once their interest
and their duty to do this, with violence,
with tact, with kindness, as each may
be necessary; to do it whether the othor
man likes it or not; to do it at infinite
and immeasurable cost alike to the
white man and the other man, and, if
possible, to lift this lower, alien, colored
race to something like the plane of civ
ilization which the most advanced na
tions have reached."
That is the way conquest appears to
a closet philosopher. The way in which
it is applied in practice is told in a re
cent story by the Japan Mail. A crowd
of negro soldiers who were taking in
Manila and painting It as red as mili
tary regulations permit were acco«ted
by a globe-trotter with the question:
"What are you boys doing here?"
"Why, boss," was the ready retort,
"we'se heah to take up de white man's
burden."
• • •
A Denver poet who has been casting
a prophetic eye into the dim and dis
tant future tells us in the rhyme of
something less than a dozfn stanzas in
the Denver Post what will happen a
century from now; and it is gratifying
to note that the prospect is promising —
bo promising, indeed, we need not worry
over imperialism, trusts, woman's^
rights or any other problem. He closes
by saying:
We yet will print Manila dates,
A century from now,
Blue-penciled by official skates,
A century from now. _ ari( i
The pampered pet who's In command
Will daily tell a waiting land,
"The situation's well in hand,
A century from now.
But you and I will never care,
A century from now;
We'll be old timers over there,
A century from now.
For all who quit this world of woe
Will dwell where peaceful waters flow—
There'll be no hell at all, you know,
A century from now.
In the batch of papers brought In
from Japan by the latest steamer are
a good many Items of minor Interest
illustrating certain phases of life in j
that reawakened land. One of these is
the statement in the Japan Herald that
it has been offered a daily supply of tel
egrams but has refused them. The rea
son given for the refusal is this:
"We would have been quite willing at j
once to close with the offer did not our ;
experience and that of every other Jour
nal paying for telegrams prove that
their cost is never reimbursed by the
public, for whose information they are
procured and issued. If we with any
sort of certainty were able to look for- j
ward to being repaid to the extent of j
say one-half or upward the expendl- j
ture, we would be disposed to incur the i
cost of the balance."
Imagine a land where people who
patronize newspapers published in the |
P^nerlish language will not encourage j
an expenditure for telegrams! One
would have supposed the American and j
the Briton abroad would rather have
telegrams than beer, but It appears j
civilization grows languid in the Orient,
and even the most wide-awake dwellers
in the happy clime value telegraphic
dispatches les's than
Stories told in the Punjaub,
When the yellow twilights pal*
And monkeys talk together.
Holding each other's tall.
• • •
There be enterprising men in Japan.
however, and some of them have set
about the task of booming it as a para
dise for pleasure seekers — a land of an
infinite variety of delights. In the
Japan Herald a description of a new
tourist hotel just opened in one of the
romantic districts of the island says
of the villagre in which it is situated:
"Though it has not much population
the degree of livelihood of the inhabit
ants is comparatively excellent. Their
natural disposition is gentle and honest,
and their mutual friendship is so har
monious as»that of a family. Draught
of pure air suspends no poisonous mix
ture, and always cleanses the defile
ment of our spirit. During the winter
days the coldness robs of all pleasures
from our hands, but at the summer
months they are set free. The first
pleasure in visiting the place Is the j
view of Fuji. Its regular configuration,
hanging down the sky like an opened
white fan, may be looked long at equal
shape fmm several regions surrounding
it. Every one who saw it ever has
nothing but applause. Wind proper in
quantity suits to our boat to slip by
sail, and moonlight shining on the sky,
shivers quartzy luster over ripples of
the lake. The cuckoo singing near to
our hotel plays on a harp! and the gulls
flying about to and fro seek their food
in the waves. All these panorama may
be gathered only in this place."
• • •
Such a galaxy of allurements so
brightly depicted is apt to breed in the
mind a fervent desire amounting almost
to a fever to hasten to Japan and en
joy the delights. Fortunately the anti
dote to the fever is furnished by a
writer for the Japan Mail, who declares
the land is by no means satisfactory to
civilized man. He admits there are
many charms. "All the irksome eti
quette of European customs," he
says, "may be dispensed with, all the
wearisome conventionalities Ignored,
and amid beautiful scenery in a salu
brious climate one may lead a comfort
able, untrammeled existence, ignorant
of the heart-burnings of cliques, re
lieved from the slavery of the tall hat
and the frock coat, and guaranteed
against the worry of servants."
He argues, however, there are many
deficiencies which more than counter
balance the joys, and sadly declares:
"Music, the drama, art, the march
of scientific discovery, the vigorous
struggle of the political paloestra, the
sight of the leaders of thought and the
sound of their voices, the great con
tests of physical skill in which the
Anglo-Sfttons delight, the splendid
museums that bring us into touch with
buried generations, the light of women's
loveliness, and, last but not least, the
chiming of the church bells — all these
things fade out of the life of a man who
makes Japan his place of abode."
• • *
In that wail for the lost Joys of
Europe by a satiated reveler in the
blisses of a land where newspaper read
ers are indifferent to telegrams and the
cuckoo has a harp, there is a sadness
so vivid it can almost be photographed.
Most assuredly it could be painted. It
is a pity that Millet is dead. The poetic
genius that painted the Angelus could
have made a dear and deeply moving
picture of a stray American or Briton
standing in the twilight, looking with
unsatisfied eyes upon a garden where
the Geishas are dancing, listening with
unpleased ears to the tinkling of the
little Japanese lutes, and longing for
the sound of —church bells. The pathos
of the thing is so natural it must appeal
at once to every appealable heart.
• ...
It is only fair to both writer and to
Japan to add that considerable qualifi- !
cation is given to the statement that |
Japan has neither music, drama nor
lovely'' women. He admits they have ■
such things, but maintains they might
as well be without them so far as the
foreigner is concerned. "The music of
Japan," he says, "is beyond our com
prehension; It makes no sort of appeal
to us. The drama we recognize to be
of the highest class, if histrionic skill
alone. Is considered. To the European
or American, however, it Is merely a
curiosity."
As for the women, it is added: "We
do not want to be uncomplimentary to
the Japanese fair sex when we speak
of the absence of the light of woman's
loveliness. The words are chosen care- j
fully, it is one thing to see a few
pretty faces and graceful costumes al
most lost in the somber monotony of a
dingy crowd; it is another and a totally
different thing to see the varied beauty
that glows at a fete in Europe or Amer
ica, with all the dazzling adjuncts that
our luxurious civilization provides."
The defect of that statement is that
while it will not sufficiently atone to
the Japanese for the lack of adoration
of the loveliness of the ladies of Japan,
it casts a shade of suspicion upon tl.
feeling which prompted the yearnin
for church bells, and inclines to the be
lief that what the wanderer really
longed for were the festal belles.
• • *
There is one thing further to add upon
the issue. The statements of the Japan
Mall on any subject are not indorsed
by the Japan Herald. Indeed the Her
ald, in reviewing the course of the Mail
on general matters, says:
"If we are entitled to form a Judg
ment based on what seems his present
aberration of mind, destiny in dealing
with the editor of the Mail may event
ually determine his being an out-and
out crank; but for the present he ap
pears to be in that indeterminate and
ambiguous condition which lies be
tween the border land of sanity and
the reverse, though as yet there is no
sufficient reason for immuring him in
the walls of a lunatic asylum.
Of course the Mail man has his opin
ion of the Herald, and expresses it with
I equal vigor. The question whether
Jap*n is or is not a better pleasure
land than this remains, therefore, open
I not only to debate but to altercation
and to invective. The only conclusion to
be drawn with sureness from it all is
that while the English-speaking resi
! dents of Japan are willing to dispense
j with telegrams they delight heartily In
the live journalism that takes the skin
off the other fellow In every issue.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL
SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready
for mailing— postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4o to all for-
eign points.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FOR HONDURAS— J. H. 8.. City.
Steamers leave New Orleans for Puerto
Cortez, Honduras, C. A., every inurs
day. .
THE VTLAINE— P. W. R., Tracy, CaL
The River Vilaine, in France, is navigable
from just above Rennes by vessels of
sixty tons for fifty-four miles.
THE GOVERNMENT NAME— P. TV. R.,
Tracy, Cal. The Government name of tha
island' in San Francisco Bay commonly
called "Goat Island" is Yerba Buena
Island.
ACTORS' SALARIES— A. O. R-. City.
Henry Miller, Robert Mantell and other
actors of that grade when playing as stars
for managers who engage their services
are paid $200 to $250 per week.
MINING CLAIMS— C. R-. Angela, Cal.
Mining claims in California, after being
patented and final payment made to th»
United States, like other property become
subject to taxation in the manner ol the
county in which located.^
COLONEL FREEMAN— H. H. 8., Mar
tinez, Ca!. Colonel H. B. Freeman, com
manding the Twenty-fourth Regiment of
Infantry, U. S. A., is af this time in com
mand of the military post at the Presidio
of San Francisco. Companies A, C. h., I",
G H I and X of that regiment were on
the Ist of September at the Philippine
Islands; Company B was nt Vancouver
Barracks, Wash.; Company D at Fort
Harrison. Mont.; Company L at Dyea,
Alaska, and Company M at Fort Wright,
Wash. ._
TELEGRAPH WITHOUT WIRES-M..
Avalon, Cal. For sending and receiving
by the wireless telegraph system there la
required spark coils, storage batteries or
dynamo connections, besides nearly all
of the Instruments used in ordinary teleg
raphy. If the power for operating the
Epark coils could be obtained -without
storage cells, the cost of a plant would bo
about $750 An ordinary telegraph oper
ator can neither install the apparatus nor
adjust it to the nicety required for oper
ation. The system is new, hence costly
in experiment. The adjustment of a com
plete plant will cost as much for skilled
labor as the plant itself. The greater tha
distance the more complicated tho ad
justment becomes.
RIFLES— A. J. G.. City. This depart
ment has not been able to ascertain that
the "United States Government is pre
paring for adoption in the army a new
rifle." The Government has had aome
tests made with the Mauser revolver, and
it is possible that it is that which you
have reference to. The tests of that small
arm have proved very satisfactory. The
German army uses the Mauser-Mann
llcher rifle, pattern of 1888, caJiber .311,
box magazine five rounds, weight 8.8, in
itial velocity 2.034. Russia, the Mouzin
rifle of 1891, caliber .300, box magazine five
rounds, weight S.B, velocity 2.001. Japan,
Murata rifle of date not given, caliber
315 magazine eight cartridges, weight 9,
velocity 1.850. United States, Krag-Jor
eensen of 1892, caliber .300, side box, five
rounds, weight 9.5, velocity 2.000.
.» ♦ «
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> at Townsend's. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery Btreet. Telephone Main 1042. •
Husband (as wife shows him new bath
ing suit)— Surely, you haven't got th«
face to wear that?
Wife (sweetly)— Perhaps not, but Iv«
got the figure.— Puck.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Upholstered tourist sleeper through to St.
Paul every Tuesday night. No change. Thu
car is nicely upholstered In leather and is ex
tremely comfortable In every respect. Pullman
Bleeping cars of the latest pattern on every
train. Tickets sold at lowest rates to all points
East. T. K. Stateler, Gen. A«t.. 83S Market it,
Ban Franoleco.
Cheap Rates.
B«ptember 29 to October 5 Inclusive, tt>« San
ta Fe Route will sell tickets to Chicago at very
low rate*. Occasion, corner-stone laylnc
Government building and fall festlvit'rs. O«t
full particulars at 62S Market street.
■ ♦ .
Insurance Clerk— Here is a worn in that
wishes her pet cat injured.
Manager— All right, Dut tell her she 11
have to take out a policy on each one ot
the cat's lives.— Chicago News.
OIL.
Investment Oil Co,
Adjoining the famous section
20, which is now producing about
4000 barrels daily. Limited
amount of stock was offered
few days ago at $3.00 for devel-
oping purposes. Considering
sales already made, balance will
be sold by Ist of October. This
IB an opportunity unequaled in
all the oil territory, and when a
big well is struck this stock will
go up in the hundreds if not
thousands. Home Oil Company.
adjoining, is worth $5000 share
and none for sale. Developing
will begin right away.
Free prospectus, giving con-
vincing Information.
JOE D. BIDDLE,
20 MONTGOMERY STREET.
A. HALSEY, Secretary, San
Frnncisco Savings Union, fifth
floor.MISCELLANEOUS.
# ♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦ M M ♦♦♦♦-»♦♦'»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦M M ♦ ♦♦ ♦ ♦ »♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦€
\IS&2t% PATTOSIEN'S. I
4- ■«►
I -More Bargains than ever— arrival of an entire train-load of new, reliable X
t Furniture, bought when the market was 40 per cent lower than it is to-day. ♦
+ That's why we are underselling all others and doing the bulk of the house- f
X tarnishing business in San Francisco to-day. You must visit us, if it's only to ;:
X see what we have to give you X
\ PARLOR CHAIR SALE, as- LACE CURTAINS AND DRAPERIES, |
: ?i™s R i?ath n m w%d or - _____ An expose of new lace curtain loveliness and t
t ni P c h eiv St carved Rea we ; n br g a h c«Ki bac iH % --^&& cheapness unexcelled in California. Despite per- %
X hand%ohThedfSfer fi^ sh An CL J sistent advances throughout the lines, we place £
f " ! :;; M /jU -V^fP^^lS^ before you curtains of unquestionable elegance 4
♦ dining chairs, mad© of solid J^__^f|J|w at figures much below the prevailing prices of 1
4- oak, open cane seat, high beck; . yt\«|\ \j^^===SU\ \Mli ° ' ° r Z
-♦- nicely carved top: ■* rr\ \\WM-. — ■s^JSiM last season. T
•♦■ braced arms; marked I *_)! I V,>^v-v-^^Shi] "*"
4- down from $2 00 to * — '^ >T *^^®L ,- nn a pair-real renal wanee. real duny and Swlm t
■♦• WOMEN'S SEWING ROCK- ~~~~~ —^^Tp^y ll *>»UU Irlsh point lace curtains— choice of the ourtain- "£
-♦- ERS; cane pent; fancy carved llJi" H^Wn v^ v * f makers artistic productions — Just brought over "♦-
--- back; substantially •* O£T / f / «M--ir-r->-rv l I from France and Switzerland's sunny climes, 4
4 made; antique oak I "*v~h Will \VQA 011 -worth $10 00. 4
!t! T Avrr C.-T-T- ■Rnr*T--n»T>o i., v {'/ <"i TrA pair— sl2 50 curtains, every pair of them. Re- 4
■♦- v^M- i 1 ROCKERS; high tW \A /SI) plenish now when we can benefit you by the low- 4
+ back licely carved, broad anna. L' V / *^ v/ ness of last year's prices— renaissance, point da I
+ shaped wood scat— /* --^ Calais. Brussels. Lednams. etc. 4
. strongly constructed— / Xl I i
I antique oak finish £**>J\J •< r\ --. a pair— here is excellence! A collection of I
4 /■* y^ _ f/v _ sit _ Vl _ w 1 ll* UU the finest hand-made Brussels for 4
X •«-• I/ 9^\l?T $ u>, c^ n l, cfl i bln ; 1 U parlors-Plauen points and Battenberffs- I
T , RSI >^ #^Q«b with Opuble bent 'v __ ' wlde elegant, luxurious borders-close 4
X <*_edra=2!l mad « «d &I S n S ,she^our nl o C^; , Patterns, or well covered. ±
t YW^J^ltfl SPCCIaJ d " !|rTl " ' for ? 2 00 ruffled net chamber curtain* I
X I ll Pfti'l lit 3 , ii /> r- fnr *r tin c -,.,.^. ,v ! < 1 r for $2 00 guipure lace curtains. I
£ L ! Rllfi SI « 4. Q£\ JhiffL • r, C 1 1 jS for 52 00 frilled muslin curtains. T*
t (]\ !•'::;.;•!■ J R 4:»7D chiffoniers. flvelar« \ *>J*J for $2 50 lace-trimmed Saxony net curtains. f
t I'WSl^lftlal Wi- ft nin/lob « n /^"IL fl^Y^- weJl for $2 °° Alexandria lace curtains. +
« l^^^^jil mad© and nicely finished. for $2 75 lace curtains— odd lots. 4
"♦" *FsfSi. *' ' ■■" iii^a Q ELCI for Jll M dressers, ,r-< , • Travelers' samples and "f
"♦- A^r 3^^^*^^ 1 O«DU large bevel plate mlr - ( iirfAlV\ COrilCrS "m* ll ends"— the cholc- ♦
4- fP^^TI^T^V v -'*>-' v^ ror . extra well made V>UI talil tUIIIWO eat lot we ever received, -f
.*. \J ' '■ . if *■/•'■/ fi an( finished. 1500 as s,-,rted styles— loner, short, wide, narrow, single and 4
. it < M 7 double, borders— point, Brussels, point de Paris, tarn- 4
k 1 j\ U Ir\ r\r~ for beautiful enamel hour— ln fact even' imaginable style, < r 4.
+ k.tj ft \\), 73 dressers with cast marked at ridiculously low prices, for J, QC M -j. T_
4 y \\ I* A r w x brass handles and i furor selling— oo, 78c, Wo, down to *->^*» eaCU 4
¥ '- D *L large bevel plate mirror. for $g pure wWte , foj . California-
t -f nAA for $IS6O box couch. JO wool California Wan. J)© white wool blankets 4-
■*" This pir-or chair \[) III) full spring edge 'r^ kets— blue, pink and !*T W —blue. pink and 4
/AS £ a i r '°^ a/r ' > * UU patent lift, spring scarlet borders-double bed | ecarlet border»-72x80 in.- 4
4- 810.00. covered In fancy figured denim. I size, 70x80 in.— weight 6 lbs. | weight 6 lbs. 4
I CARPET AND RUG SALE. XTt? o| asKs I
t and Wiiton Carpets, in lengths from 5 to 20 yards, suitable for small X
X rooms and halls— prices from $2.50 to $12 per remnant. Made-up Carpet ±
X Rugs to fit any size room, from $7.50. j;
.+. Best Sanfor« & Roibnry Brussels Car- LINOLEUM. I RUGS. 4
rets, aM the new styles. Per yard...7!sc An quoted hens la four yards wide and in Fln ' Wilton and Bromley Rer«rsfbl» Rug*. 4-
-1 » rolls of Tapestry Brussels Carpet; sold ' four rrades: It's Blabon's Linoleum. Wilton rugs. 6x9 ~ "V"*l 4
"♦■ regularly for 60c To close at ROe j known the world over: :3xio:« « ...?]....(> T
Velvet Carpet, fine selection of new de- j A erad». regular $1 Id Now squar» yard ,^ x I 8 •' 7 '"ll".'*"." 'l * 1> 4-
"♦■ slpns; worth *1 15. Per yard $1 .].."...... 85c 200 Smyrna Rugs, size 30x80 Inches; regular Z_
X Ingrain Carpet, extra quality 35c B grade, regular Wo. Now sQuare yard.7sc : Brom °j ey Rugs." Tfeet" "long "by" «"Ve 9 't wtde f
4- i:oo yards 10c to 800 quality Matting*. To C grade, regular ?00. Now square yard.Ooo $7.50 +
4- closo, per yard 150 p grade, regular 750. Now square yard. T feet ( Inches wide by 10 feet I Inches lone T
"*" 1601 yards Sic to too quality. To close per i .Linoleum, big range of patterns, latest •••• •• ••• 9jt T
-+ yard 250 i itylwi. Per yard 3Ko 4 II feet long by » feet wide ~. 514.25
I 16th and Mission. ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S. Th -iX, r J I SJS? -- 1
44 4 444.4-f-f ♦'♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ f4-4-M-f ♦♦♦ 4 4>-f4--f44-4-f4444444444 4 4-4-4- ♦♦ 44 4 ♦♦•M-44->4-#
NEW SUGAR FACTORY.
Will Be Constructed Near Pleasanton
in a Short Time.
PLEASANTON, S^pt. 23.— For weeks
have b>>on rumors of a big 1 deal In
BUgar beet lands In the vicinity of Pleaa
anton we're *o vague that It was
:rn anything- definite until
It now transpires that a large
iry Is to bo constructed at
Rita Junction, n<-(ir Pleasanton. and
ised to supply a por
ho del Valle, .T. Sutherland, the
the Chabot estate
Into lease 3 for land
•veral thousand
• work will commence
: . thai 1 u id to be at
• Ise,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MONEY
', !■> 3
IN OIL?
'•'. I
I «»»— »—»—«»— II ' I \
■' Sensibly expended there
i is. The Florence Oil De-
\ velopment Co.offers bright
i people an opportunity to |
! make it. \
i We have no airy Scheme.
] WE OW/V OIL LAND, j
i We ars developing it. ;
\ Stock cannot be assessed. ■
j Information is free.
j Do you want to learn truth? |
! Write and ask for it.
| Some treasury stock is yet to be
\ had, but only at par. t>
I Tin Florence Oil DevslopmentCO', i
i California Safe Deposit and Trust [
i ~ Buildlnjr. • -
5 SAN FRANCISCO. 5
I used Ely's Cream /gfcLyf**^
"Balm for catarrh and /cjPfAHik\jfe
have received great iff^^SSj
benefit. I believe it aWWjp^
cafe and certain cure. W" ' <&{?£
Very pleasant to take.
— Win. Fr*-er. Roch- A^'^\
ester. n* Y. i• • • )
Cream Balm In placed Into nostrils, spreads
c^-«-r the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief in
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not Jryins
—docs not produce sneezing. I.argf size, Me;
at driipg';-'? or by mall; trial size, 10c. by mail.
Ely brothers, 56 warren »t.. New York.
i visit DR JORDAN great $
ilil'SEUa OF ANATOMY^
M C_l lc:iKiEKrsT.tet.e > .it7ti,D.r.C^. A
9 7!.' l.ar -<- 1 Anatomical Muteum in the \
T fr^sf^i disease mred Dy the oldeit V
© S'lF" fi$ 5 &peciaiii.trotheC&a>t. Est. 36 year' 9
A AWji/l OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ Sf<S^*^l3 Coi«tii!»tton frrr and ?trirtly privite _
A I vSj/ 3 Tr» liment penonally «r by letter. A &
Tfl if Si H '-■■■■ f""" 1 rue undertaken. \
Am If II i \ tt'Mci..rß-,oV.pi!ii.osurnVf»j
V* it ; 1™ MAIIRIACK, MAILED FREB. IA(
A /I is- valuable book for ntrn) A
V f>K JO«DA.\ «5t ««> • W6J Market F. ?
IJr % W^ 0 %&k %
HAi>WAys's BtAUV j;i:iJi.ri,. lS stood
unrivaled Lefore the public for BO years a.i a
lain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throat*, Influenza, Bron-
chitis Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
lor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All dxuffffiata.
SEMI-CENTENNIAL
OF THE STATE
Plans for the Celebra
tion at San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Ca!L
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— Great interest is
,' being taken In the p.mi-eentennlal cele
bration of. the ;nauguration of statehood
In California to 1 I in this city on
December 20. Encouraging letters are be
ing received from prominent pioneers
and Mexican veterans all over the State
and the citizens of this city will leave
nothing undone to make it the most mem
orable event in California's history.
Committees are already hard at work.
Invitations have been Bent to all th© plo
i neer societies, Mexican veterans and
every '4r»or on the coast. The Native Sons
and Daughters of the Golden West have
come forward with their hearty support
and it i» certain thia golden jubilee of
statehood will draw thousands of visitors
; to California.
Ban Jose was the first capital of Cali
fornia and it Is appropriate that the cele
bration be held here. Tho entertainment
' will be varied and historical. It will be
I opened In the form of a legislative meet
: ing The few members alive will be
: present and in their seats and old plo
aeem will Impersonate those who ure
dead and missing when the roll is called.
Rev Mr. Wiley of Alameda, the chap
lAln o f the first Legislature, will open
with prayer and efforts will be made to
secure Padre Ramtnez if still alive, who
also a chaplain of that body, to de
liver the benediction.
After this there will be. all kinds of en
tertainment and sports, followed by a
: general reunion of the "old boys. Old
Spanish and native Callfornian gamaa
and sports will be presented. Thera will
also be a fine musical and literary pro
gramme. Judge McKlnstry of Ban Fran
, Cisco has been Invited to deliver the ora
tion for the occasion.
The various committees In charge of the,
' celebration are as follows:
Executive committee— C. J. Martin
(chairman;, A. P. Murgotten (secretary;,
1 L. A. Spltzer, ML Schallenberger, A. Mat
' tv, A. C. Darby, J. R. Ryland, James P.
Bex, Martin Doorr, J. H. Galligan, lion.
I Niles Searls, J. I. Spear, Captain W. L.
Duncan, T. Ellard Beans, S. W. Boring,
J B. Church, Gus Lion. H. M. Bland,
■ Mrs. E. O. Smith, Mrs. J. M. Murphy,
I Mrs William Lake, Miss I* Hyers, Gen
eral T. C. Ketchum, John Domingos, E.
A. Sherman.
Finance— A. Greenlnger. J. D. Mln^r.
Alfred Harstow, C. M. Hatcher, Paul P.
Austin, Uvo B. Archer, John Auzerals,
William Osterman, Frank Stock, Fred M.
Stern J W. Macaulay, Homer Prlndle.
j R. Ryland, Mrs. Knox-Qoodrich, Mrs.
w. H. Carmlchael.
Programing E. A. Sherman, Colonel
Joseph Stewart, Major J. L. Bromly, A.
K. woodhams. A. P. Murg-.tfu, J. 1.
r, S. W. Boring, Mrs. B. O. Smith,
y Pox, SIIBS Lillian Church.
! Charles I . nge, b red W. Mi
• Mublc T. W. Hobson, H. J. Martin.
'Miss Tillie Brohaska, Miss L, Byera, -Miss
: Emma Koenlg, Henry Hart, Andrew Mac
! kenzle, Jessie Levy.
MAY VISIT TEXAS.
President Diaz of Mexico Accepts an
Invitation.
AUSTIN, Texns, Sept. 23.-Governor
Sayers to-day received a letter from Pres
ident Porflrio Diaz oi MeaClCO in response
to an official Invitation to attend the
International fair and exposition to be
held in Ban Antonio, Texas, in November.
Pri Bldent Diaz states that he will take
pleasure in accepting the Invitation,
shpuld he Jlnd opportunity for doing bo.
Governor Sayers has also received let*
ters from the Governors "f a Dumber of
Btatea of Mexico i dvislng him that they
Will attend the fair.
WEIR IS ACQUITTED.
NAPA, Sept. 23.— The preliminary ex
amination of Joseph Weir, charged with
robbing the CaJlstoga and Clear Lake
Stan on the 14th inst., was h^ld here
to-day before Justice Chlnn of St. He
lena P. J- Moffan of San FtanciacO
ted the defense, while District At
torney P. A. Bell looked after the inter
est of the prosecution.
As the evidence Introduced was not
strong enough to hold the defendant lie
was discharged,
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 1899.
ANTIPATHY TO
FRANCE LESSENED
Germany Will Exhibit at
the Exposition.
Copj-rlghtiHj, 1599, by th« Asso<-lat«d Pr»st.
BERLIN. Sept. 23.— Government
this week exerted strong pressure to
. induce German industry and commerce
,to abandon all movement apalnst the
Paris Exposition. Chief Commissioner
Richter sent a note to all the leaders
I of the movement, giving strong- reasons
why it would be unwise for Germany
I and injurious to her Interests not to
appear as strong as possible in Paris
in 1900. This and other facts have had
effect, and it may be Bald that the
anti-expansion movement In Germany
is entirely dead. A curious feature is
that the note dwelt on the fact that the
exposition is not a political but purely
economic enterprise, and that the mis
take of 1899, which seriously injured
i Germany's commercial prestige, must
not be repeated.
The Emperor is wroth at the Berlin
I municipality's refusal to co-operate
: with his plan for the embellishment of
the vicinity of the royal castle by the
removal of all the neighboring old
i ramshackle buildings. The municipal
ity, of which Herr Singer and other so
cialists are prominent members, Justi
! flea the refusal by the plea that the
, millions required to carry out the plan
, cannot be spared, as they are needed
to meet the increasing demands of the
municipal treasury for the assistance
of the poor and for the communal
schools. His Majesty is convinced that
| the real reason for the refusal is the
domination of the radical and revolu
i tionary elements.
As a sign of his displeasure the Em
peror has instructed the Minister of
i the Interior to withhold the confirma
; tion of the new Chief Mayor, Herr
Kirschner, until there is a visible sign
of the improved political attitude of
Berlin, or force the election of a man
: wholly to the Emperor's tastes for the
; office.
Germany will soon have new postage
stamps of one, two, four and five
j marks. They are to be closely mod
eled after the size and style of the
United States Columbian stamps of
: 1893. ■
The floods have subsided throughout
Germany. The damage done is enor
i mous, amounting to millions of marks.
The magnificent Prince Regent bridge
at Munich has been completely demol
ished. It will be reconstructed wholly
at the expense of the Prince Regent,
at a cost of about a million marks.
I Lilli Lehman, the singer, was kept a
prisoner by the flood throughout the
week in her villa at Schaerfling.
The press this week devoted unusual
space to American politics. Regarding
the anti-trust convention at • Chicago
the opinion has been expressed that
neither party dares to seriously fight
the trusts. Thomas B. Reed's reported
! candidacy for President is hailed with
approval, and President McKinley's
Plttsburg speech is bitterly condemned
: as "undignified and insincere."
The semi-official Post in an inspired
j article quoting the New York Tribune's
article on German-American relations
| says:
"This and other articles elsewhere
show these relations have Indeed im
proved." The paper expresses the hope
that "this good work will go on."
On request of the Austrian butchers
the directors of the German National
Butchers' Association will call a meet
', ing to consider summoning a Euro
j pean butchers' congress against Amer
ican meat imports.
Congressman Loud of California
sailed for, home this week after com
pleting his study of the German postal
system. ______________ • • •
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
1 pr without removal, J.Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission,
CALIFORNIANS HAVE GOOD
CLAIMS AT CAPE NOME
Many of the Mines Along the Beach
Damaged by Storms— Work
of the Courts.
ANVIL CITY, Alaska, Sept. B.— Anvil
City is but a few months old, yet It has
the distinction of being the first city In
this and the Yukon River section of the
Alaskan Territory *b.ere a trial by Jury
has ever been held.
Charles S. Johnson, United States Dis
trict Judge; Albert D. Elliot, clerk of the
United States District Court and ex
offlclo secretary for Alaska, and Alfred
J. Daly, Assistant United States District
Attorney, have been here for a week in
an endeavor to untangle the complica
tions that have arisen from too many
men wanting some other man's gold
mine. In the short time that the court
could spare to this place It attended to
no less than twenty-one suits and there
wefe more to be heard from. Of the
number heard there were four libel suits.
In the case of Hyde et al. vs. Thlbault,
tho parties to the suit agreed to have
a Jury trial. A jury was empaneled from
the bystanders and upon hearing the evi
dence" brought In a verdict for the plain
tiff. This decision entitles the plaintiff to
the possession of claim 7 on Dexter
Creek. A motion for a new trial was
denied.
In the case of Engelstadt vs. Dufrane,
a suit brought through breach of con
tract, a receiver was appointed in the
person of A. M. Pape of the Alaska Com
mercial Company, who will have charge
of the claim (No. 10 on Dexter Creek)
until the case is decided. Mr. Pape gave
Jld.uOO bonds.
Outside of the libel suits, the cases
nearly all were applications for receiv
ers or restraining orders as to mining
claims, In which the title or ownership
Is In dispute between two or more par
tieß The question in dispute In most
cases is as to who is real locator or in
volving the question as to location by
power of attorney.or parties locating be
ing foreigners. There was no decision
made In the power of attorney cases.
This question will come up before the
neat court, which will bo held next Jun«
Judge" Johnson on this trip held the
first court ever held on the Yukon River.
The first Grand Jury ever empaneled in
this section of the Territory was at Cir
cle City. It brought In four true bills
and refused to indict in four cases. The
cases will be tried next summer by this
court. Judge Johnson is the only Judge
that Alaska has, and he certainly has
his hands full. He and his party came
in over the lake and river route to Daw
son about the middle of July, and stop
ping at the following places he appointed
Court Commissioners and Deputy Lnlted
States Marshals: Eagle City, Circle City,
Rampart City, Weare, Anvik, Peavy and
Anvil City. *At this Place Alonzo Raw
eon was appointed Court Commissioner
and J. H. Lee Marshal. Notaries were
also appointed at Eagle, Circle, Rampart,
St Michael and Anvil City. Dewey's for
mer dispatch boat MoCullough is now at
St. Michael, waiting to take the party
back to Sitka.
Governor John G. Brady will Join them
at St Michael and be a member of the
party from there. He is making a trip
over" the Territory for the purpose of
looking after the needs of the people,
which will be embodied in his annual re
port to the Department of the Interior.
It will be of interest to the many friends
of Dr J R. Gregory at Healdsburg, Cal..
to learn that the doctor who is post sur
geon at St. Michael, is the owner of No. 3
below Discovery, on Anvil Creek. His
claim prospects weli at any point and al
though ho, or rather his son, the young
Dr Gregory, has not done any work on it
more" than prospecting, he is very much
pleased with his prospect* and wall open
QUARANTINE AGAINST
INFECTIOUS DISEASES
Important Matters to Come Up at the
Next Meeting of the State Board
of Health.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. ».— When the
State Board of Health meets in Los An
geles on September 23 plans will be dis
cussed to prevent the introduction of
smallpox and other contagious discuses
into Southern California through infection
by unrestricted travel from Arizona,
Texas or Mexico. Dr. Randolph \V. Hill,
the Los Angelas member of the board, to
day was notified of the proposed meeting.
The medical fraternity is almost a unit
that nomethins must be done to brin«
about the end desired. Health Offlcer 1*
M Powers has requested the authorities
to' devise plans to police the Arizona and
Mexican borders.
It is more than probable that inspectors
will be placed at all points of ingress on
the State border to prevent the bringing
of contagion into the State. Dr. Crow
lev's proposal to quarantine against con
sumption also will be further discussed.
It is expected that some decided action
will be taken in this matter, as physicians
are taking more than a passing Interest
ln Dr ie Hm said to-day that he will make
reDo'rt to his colleagues, suggesting a
thorough Inspection of the milk supply
of the State. Dr. Hill has been making
some investigations of this subject for
some time and is desirous that the State
Board at once appoint a mliJc and dairy
inspector for Southern California.
CRIMINAL NATURE OF
SEVEN-YEAR-OLD BOY
Tried to Wreck Cars and Then Broke
All the Furniture in His
Cell.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 23.— Manuel Morris
Is only 7 years old— a wee bit of a child.
who will hardly weigh forty pounds— and
yet the local authorities declare that
every inch of him is composed of the
material of which criminals are made,
little Manuel has not pniy found pleas
ure in destroying railroad property at a
time when his depredations were likely to
result in a passenger train being derail.-.!,
but when he was placed in jail fed hia
depraved appe.ite by smashing the win
dows and furniture of his cell. His child
ish anger knew no bounds and Slu-rlff
Taylor has developed into a most scien
tific dodger in keeping out of the way
of missiK-3 slung at his head by tno
diminutive prisoner
L>ast evening Manuel loosened the
brakes on several freight cars and let
them crash into other freight cars on a
siding In such a way that the end of one
of the carß was in the path of passenger
trains He was detected by Station Agent
I'uody and taken before Justice Gardner
who imposed a fine of $10. in default of
payment the child was sent to jail for ten
This morning Sheriff Taylor found the
windows of the cell smashed and every
thing in the apartment transformed Into
a mass of debris. On opening the door to
remonstrate with the youthful prisoner
Taylor was made the mark for a piece
of bed slat, but dodged the missile and
caught hold of Manuel before he could
repeat the trick. The authorities say
the boy will have to be* sent to a reform
atory.
GOVERNMENT AGENT FINED.
Shot Quail for the Agricultural Bu-
reau Collection.
COVELO, 3ept. 23.— game laws of
Mendoclno County have wrought serious
trouble to hunters from abroad. The ar
rest to-day and fine of $20 Imposed upon
Vernon Bailey of the United States Bi
ological Survey for shooting quail proves
that no technical defense Is acceptable.
Bailey's defense was that he was gather
ing specimens for the Government collec
tion for the United States Department of
Agriculture.
William Middlestead of San Francisco
was fined $30 for having deer hides in his
possession,' .; ...
It up next summer. The claim above this
Is being worked and pays over $100 a day
to the man.
Butters and the Peake brothers, from
Stockton, are still taking out the yellow
metal In quantities to open one's eyes.
One of our leading attorneys her© Is using
the Lindblom nugget, valued at $300, for a
paper-weight, but he takes It with him
when he goes to lunch.
The bench mining had a setback for
several days owing to the severe storm,
hut is now being pushed as vigorously as
before. During the storm the tide washed
in on the diggings and filled them to the
top, bo that it Is necessary to do part of
the work all over again. Around town
there was considerable speculation aa to
whether some of the smaller ships
In the harbor would be able to ride
out the storm. After straining at
their anchors for several ho*uns two
of them came ashore— the Fisher Brothers
and James Q. Swan, from Seattle. The
Swan is slowly going to pieces, but the
Fisher Brothers has not suffered yet
A small steam yacht, used here as a tug,
filled and sank. It will b« raised In a few
days.
The Alaska Exploration Company's two
barges, filled with merchandise, also con
cluded to try to land, and did very well
until they got Into the breakers, where
one of them filled with water. Soon boxes
floated In all directions, and when they
drifted ashore there was a merry war
among a small army of scavengers, each
trying to secure everything that came
ashore. They would wade out into the
ice-cold water up to thedr armpits, and
one or two came near being drowned. The
Alaska Exploration Company's men were
powerless to protect their goods until the
soldiers arrived on the scene, and then the
matter was settled by the company pay-
Ing for the merchandise that had b«en
thus collected as salvage,
Peter Johnson and John Stonehouse
called upon ma and wished to have The
Call state that an article published In a
San Francisco paper of July 25 olalming
to be an Interview with Mrs. H. W. Bens
was Incorrect bo far as to their death;
also that John Morrison, James Hutton
and Earl Plummer are alive and well.
They say that Mrs. Bens is a good and
brave woman, but that she was not alone
after her husband's death for any length
of time except a two and a half mile
walk through the snow to the camp, from
which place she was taken to Nulato.
They state that the two Pickering
brothers from Kentucky were killed by
the Powpick Indians.
Peter Power of Milton. Cal., supposed
to have been lost In the slide at Sheep's
Camp three years ago, is here and doing
well.
Reports of a rich strike on Ophlr
Creek in the Galovln Bay district have
just reached here and quite a number of
miners have gone to try their luck there.
When the packtrain from the creek
claims came in yesterday It carried In
the neighborhood of 500 pounds of gold
dust. It cam© out of a claim on Snow
Gulch. Parties owning these rloh claims
are very reticent about giving out the
amount of their outputs, as there is dan
ger of robbery from some of the rough
element. One' man was relieved of $524
while on the beach. There were two nice
nuggets in this amount, one being valued
at $26 and the other at $10. The party
puspected as being the thief has not yet
been arrested.
The miners who are taking out large
amounts are having trouble to find safe
places to keep their dust. One large safe
in town Is filled with sacks of gold.
The I'nlted States revenue cutter The
tis niario her second visit to-day. She will
leave after a few hours' stay.
The town is experiencing quite a build
ing- boom. There are a few large build
ings going up and probably a hundred
smaller houses to be used for winter
quarters by miners. Lumber Is worth $125
per thousand.
TRADES UNION MAN
WHO DEFENDS TRUSTS
President Schaffer of the Iron and
Steel Workers Before the In
dustrial Commission.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— Theodore
Schaffer of I'ittsburg, president of the
Amalgamated Association of Iron and
Steel Workers, was a witness before the
Industrial Commission to-day. He said
that about 70 per cent of the iron, steel
and tin workers were organized. After
IM'2 the ironworkers suffered 30 per cent
reduction of wages, the steel workers
10 per cent and the tinworkers 25 per cent,
but since the recent prosperity began the
wages have been almost leveled up by
advances. The trade was now more pros
perous than it ever had been, but the
wages were not quite as high as in 1592.
The workers in iron, steel and tin were
not getting the advantage under the slid-
Ing Bcale of the recent increase in prices.
This was due to the fact that mills were
lilling contracts made some months, and,
in some ca.srs, a year ago.
Asked about trusts. Mr. Schaffer said
he had much respect for thorn. He would
not call them "trusts." Their effect thus
far had been beneficial to the iron, steel
and tin workprs. As a general rule, he
said, he believed the members of his or
ganization would prefer to deal with com
binations and largo C3rporations than with
smaller and Independent mills. He be
lieved If the big combinations could bo
regulated by Congressional enactment
strikes could be avoided. In his experi
ence he had always had fair treatment in
negotiating with these combinations. Ho
did not believe they prevented competi
tion.
B. B. Norris of Sodus N. V., master of
the State Grange of New York, was a
witness. He thought the condition of the
farm laborer, physical! v and morally, waa
much better than in the olden days. He
had more privileges, he was better edu
cated and informed and obtained wages
high enough to enable htm to lay aside
something if he was sober and indus
trious.
GUNBOATS REACH THE
PORT OF ARENAS
Will Be Sent Up the Hondo River in
the Campaign Against
Maya Indians.
OAXACA, Mexico, Sept. 23.— Official ad
vices were received here to-day of the
arrival at the port of Arenas on the coast
( ,f Yucatan of two gunboats recently pur-
Chased in New Orleans by General Ortiz
Monasterlo. These boats are named the
Ichiache and Monteauifta, and will be im
mediately .sent up the Hondo Hiyer fully
manned with troops and rapid-fire guns
to aid the land forces in the campaign
whi'li la soon to be inaugurated against
the rebellious Maya Indians.
The Indians have been at work for sev
eral months constructing strong intrench
ments it Is reported that tht-y nave been
receiving valuable aid in the way of arms
and ammunition from wealthy Mexican
refuge. B r< ; - ling In British Honduras,
who in addition to their desire to see
the Mexican forces defeated, hope to re
ceive substantial rewards from the Indian
chiefs.
MARYSVILLE'S DRAGON.
Shipped to Chicago for the T>ewey
Parade.
MARTSVILLK, Sept. 23.— Marysvllle en
joys the distinction of harboring the only
Chinese dragon in America that is awe-in
spiring in the sight of Celestials. At
least it would seem that way, Judging by
the many long journeys his dragonshlp is
called upon to make. . - . .
The immense thing has been borrowed
for .celebrations In Southern California
and Nevada and now it is to go to Chi
cago, leaving here by express to-morrow
morning to be the feature of the parade
to be held in the Windy City in honor of
Admiral Dewey. Half a car has been re
served for its transportation and two Chi
nese will accompany it to and from Chi
cago. . j
cago,- ' . " ': " *." " '."" ' J
ASTORIANS WANT
BETTER RATES
The Vanderbilt System
Brings Hope.
QUESTION OF THE TERMINAL
WOULD BE A VAST SAVING TO
AGBICTTLTUItISTS.
♦
Special IMrpateh to The Call.
ASTORIA. Sept. 23.— Whether or not the
Vanderbilt ocean-to-ocean system is to
terminate at Astoria is a question that
is being anxiously discussed In North
west railroad circles. The fact that the
Astoria and Columbia River Railroad Is
owned or controlled by men who are in
terested in the Vanderbilt system gives
rise to the belief that this city will be
made the Western terminal of the new
transcontinental, and that In the near
future all the products of the Columbian
basin will be shipped from this port.
The Astoria and Columbia River Rail
road runs to Portland, where it connects
with the transcontinental. Thus far the
latter roads have refused to grant com
mon point rates to Astoria except on lum
ber and wheat is still shipped from Port
land. The common point question has
been agitated for several months past and
a plan 1» now on foot to make it a po
litical Issue In the naxt State election.
Advocates of the Astoria proposition
contend that the granting of common
point rates to this port means a saving j
of over three millions of dollars annually
to the farmers of the inland empire. . At
the present time the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company, Great Northern and
Northern Paciac are under agreement to
maintain certain rates. The Oregon road I
has a great advantage over the lines ter- j
mlnating on Puget Sound in a fine down
grade, and it has been estimated that
where the cost to the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company of hauling a ton of
wheat from points in the Columbian basin
to Portland is but 25 cents the coßt to
the Northern Pacific and Great Northern j
is $1 20.
Owing to Portland's limited harbor fa
cilities the cosl of exporting wheat from
that place is very great, and it is mathe
matically demonstrated that the granting i
of common point rates on grain to Astoria ;
would effect a saving to the farmers of j
$2 50 a ton, the greater tonnage possiole :
at this port being one of the principal
reasons for this great difference. The ;
railroads and wheat pool stand in on the !
deal, however, and over $3,000,000 annually j
is mulcted from the wheat growers. The |
farmers are now taking up the agitation j
and it is understood that an effort will i
be made to have the next State Legis
lature bring down to a reasonable figure
the exorbitant rate now charged for haul
ing wheat to Portland.
Of course, if the Vanderbilts have de
cided on Astoria as the terminal for their :
line, no other railroad combination could
prevent the exporting of wheat from As- j
toria. This is why officials of the rail- i
road combine are worrying, and why the I
farmers of the inland empire and the peo- j
pie of Astoria are on the anxious seat.
Recently there was formed in New Jer- i
sey the Astoria Company, with a capital- ]
izatlon of $30,000,000. This company Is at
present secretly buying up immense tim
ber tracts near this city and gathering
in all the "good things." The incorpor
ators are J. Pierpont Morgan, John Claf
lin. Collls P. Huntlngton and Andrew B. I
Hammond, the latter president and pro- ]
moter of the Astoria and Columbia River
Railroad Company. The fact that Ham
mond is president of the salmon can
ners' combine is evidence that the As
toria company means to corral the fish
ing industry as well as the timber of the
country near here, and that it is behind
the movement to amalgamate all the sal
mon fisheries of the Pacific Coast into
one gigantic trust, mention of which was
made in The Call some time ago.
That no effort will be made to open up
the Astoria proposition until all the "good
things" have been scooped in is regarded
as a certainty, though it is possible the
people may yet force action by popular
agitation. Excepting San Francisco. As
toria is the cheapest port on the Pacific
Coast, and the unnatural condition of
wheat being exported from Portland can
not long exist.
There is perhaps more money in the
"good tilings" in this section than there
is in railroading, so, even though the Van
derbilts mean to rume here, it would pay
those interested to hold off for a year.
This is believed to be the plan. The As
toria road is losing from $3000 to $7000
monthly, yet tho officials absolutely de
cline to assist the people in getting com
mon point rates, which would mean an
immense Increase in trafllf, but on the
contrary down every effort so directed.
It Is very evident that the apparently
chaotic railroad situation is clear to As
toria railroad owners, and that the local
line is well provided for In the arrange
ments which are supposed to have been
made.
Meantime the farmefs are losing mil
lions of dollars annually, and the men
who own vast tracts near the city are
slowly being forced to the wall, their
property to fall Into the hands of the
Astoria' company.
« ♦ «
An artesian well in Missouri has been
; sunk to a depth of 1100 feet.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A COMMON TROUBLE.
Thousands Suffer From It
Without Knowing Its Real
Character.
No trouble Is more common or moral
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.l
People having it think that their nervesi
are to blame, are surprised that they arel
not cured by nerve medicines and springl
remedies; the real seat of mischief is lostl
sight of; the stomach is the organ to be j
looked after.
Nervous dyspeptics often do not have
any pain whatever in the stomach, nor
perhaps any of the usual symptoms of
stomach weakness. Nervous dyspepsia
shows Itself not in the stomach bo much
as in nearly every other organ; in some
cases the heart palpitates and Is Irreg-
ular; In others the kidneys are affected;
in others the bowels are troubled, with
logs of Hesh and appetite, with the accu-
mulation of gas. sour risings and heart-
burn.
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. 61 Prospect
street, Indianapolis, Ind., writes as fol-
lows: "A motive of pure gratitude
prompts me to write these few lines re- :
g-arding the new and valuable medicine, j
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I have been ;
a sufferer from nervous dyspepsia for the j
last four years; have used various patent
medicines and other remedies without any
favorable result. They sometimes gave:
temporary relief until the effects of the
medicine wore off. I attributed this to i
my sedentary habits, being a. bookkeeper j
with little physical exercise, but I am j
glad to state that the tablets have over-
come all these obstacle, for I have j
gained in flesh, sleep better and am better
in every way. The above is written not i
for notoriety, but Is based on actual facts.
Respectfully yours,
"A. W. SHARPER,
"fil Prospect St., Indianapolis, Ind.' 1
It is safe to say that Stuart's Dyspepsli i
Tablets will cure any stomach weakness
or disease except cancer of the stomach, j
They cure sour stomach, gas, loss of flesh
and appetite, sleeplessness, palpitation, j
heartburn, constipation and headaches.
Send for valuable little book on stomach
diseases by addressing Stuart Co., Mar-
phi;!!. Mich.
All druggists sell full sized packages at
50 cents.
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/SSsfsKtii^d 3^. SlS x; OEARY ST.. bet
tCTJSiaab^g^CwgA^ Hyde and Larkln.
K^ "^^^^^^^^^ Painless Extraction..
([♦•_ -, u^fi\T Crowns Si<2.o<>
>ii ; T- I^Jii"' 6^ Flesh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. 16
yean' experience. - -> — .._-._.
ADVERTISEMENT
|O EXTRA
L SPECIALS
mMTwuJ^^L. wool Venetian
fitting and well
1 made, come in black, navy blue, j
Jl tans and browns; also Double- |
I Breasted Gray Brown Mixed Suits; I
I your choice of these while they 1
I last only $13.50 1
Jopl/n| (§$F. k I
seams suap- T^Kpsr**^ \
flpedano s
1 double stitched, lined in black I
tailor satin, latest style, extra |
special value only $7.50 9
j 1
I 16-18-20 GRANT AYE., |
I Bet Market and Geary. |*
Buswell Paint Co.
Manufacturers
Sent Free /^^X Adi QQ
Woney Back If IraSOgjf&g&j W ■ I ~
you don't like It I |f!Ssf|^ ' PER CAL.
710-716 SbSSSct Market St.
Broadway EEK^tT^- ■ San
\ Oakland •"SEjacttfcj*^ Francisco
! If your painter or dealer can not furnish the
BUSWELL PAINTS
qcvn r.ipFTT to t's
j
Hr^IMBARRASSFKG
TO FIND AN ELEPHANT
ON YOUR HAND 9
I in a badly done up and torn and frayed,
! shirt front or collar when you are going
i to see your best girl or want to look
your best for some social function.
Nothing like that will ever happen
j when you have your best linen laun-
j dered by our up-to-date and perfect
! methods. We send it home without
, fray or tear, and looking fresh as when
first bought.
United States Laundry. Offlos
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
31 KKaflai A lKSftwi^ TH _ Q| Qk SS
w% B^S'w VIM? fta tO9
3 "8^ J9 C'J3 i^^ci' r^S *^ J(v
9 PI Mkl mQI IMd Kfl^fl Ift IBHk BH
a' V H fpH IHfIJ M V^9 H
ffQ Chldheatci'a Ensllih Dluaond Brand. ;-'«
f EliHf ROYAL PSLLS
enkWyal pills
V f^**^> Original and Only Benn!n«. A
x'z/^WtV •»fe, »'.w»ts reliable, ladies ssk yCxV
M'rftf-X Drajplrt for CA<<:A»eer'e iTnafi«* £>"»/<s**j4
| Sr**4'i» l «yir'»ii™«n<' Brand In KeiV »ad -io/d oet»lHc\iM?
-Ot/CTboxej, sciled with bine ribbon. Take \Hr
(Vj ®i W3"O other. Re/'<«« dr.r.gercn.; rulitin* w
I / ~ /Ir </on« ciki >m<(o(i< »*. Atl>rng;ists t or *mi 4*.
E w> Jfflo «'ira[u for flirrleolnn, tmtinioslals i«d
•iV J£s ""cll.if for Kadlea." <" litur, br retmra
Jy. fy Mat!. 10.000 T«>iitimo3i»l». tteiae Paper.
y=***r Chloti crtpr CSesoical Co., M .•»! !»«a KqaoMh
IW« fey all I-cca) jjrosgltt*. £»HIT.V'»A.. fj?
> BSOgiDR BALL'S REINYIGORATOR
«^>^?l^M Five hundred reward for any
«i»a k.M case we cannot cure. This secret
IT „ • __li remedy ft' ps all losses :In 24
• ; jj Cii§- hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
: /iff (ml tenry. Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea,
933 fec^ Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
I jf^y3__Jj*^ Manhood and all wasting effects
Ic — ■ — — of If -abuse or excesses. Sent
eenled, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
t cure any case Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE 8.".5 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
' for sale n't io:3' 5 Market St.. S. F. All prtv*t»
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
patents! it
330 MARKET ST. S.F.
NEW WESTERN HOtEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON Slo.— RD-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 600 to $150 day:
$5 to iS week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room: elevator runs all night.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to eexu^l organs, Pej?j& iZI MajkeU
78
ADVERTISEMENTS.
yI- <■!• ♦•:•♦•!•» -I- »■!■• ■!■♦■!■ ♦■;■♦■!■ ♦ •!■•• + ■»-»♦•}•♦ -H-I. «■!■«. l. «■!• ♦*•■!■> 'l'H-«
:CITYOF#ftI PARIS?
I ' ♦
T DRY GOODS COMPANY. f
I — ~~ t
j SPECIAL! j
I ■ * I
I Our "City of Paris" f
! Real Kid Gloves, I
j All Colors and Black, V
I aßam *sßs*QQ pair. I
«t Reduced from $1.50. £
1: CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, j[
_♦ S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo. <>
i . UNION SQUARE. i
MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. ♦
CROCKERS SELL
RAILWAY STOCK
TO SYNDICATE
No Longer in the
Southern Pacific.
-♦- +
+ NEW YORK. Sept. Positive -f
♦ Information was received to-night +
"T through persons interested con-
+ firming the pale of the Crocker +
+ holdings in the Southern Pacific .4.
■*■ Company. The deal was brought 4
♦ about through^ the efforts of 4
■♦• Prince Poniatowski. a brother-ln- +
•♦■ law of George and \\\. H. Crocker. +
■*■ The Prince, acting for the Crocker ♦
•♦ estate, sold to Speyer & Co. the 4
4 380,000 shares of stock owned by 4
■♦■ George Crocker, W. H. Crocker, ♦
•♦■ Mrs. Alexander of this city and ■*•
+ the estate of the late Colonel +
+ Crocker. The sale was made and +
the stock delivered about two T^
.+. weeks ago. The amount paid for +
■♦- the block of stock was about $13,- 4
+ 000,000. ■♦-
4 ♦
Eieruam ana new vorK. me negotiations
for the property were instituted by Speyei
& Co. last April. About a month ago the
buyers and sellers agreed on the price
and within the past week large sums of
money on account of the transaction
have been transferred through the Lon
don, Paris and American Bank and the
bank of Crocker, "\Yoolworth & Co.
Men In this city and in New York who
are prominent in financial circles have
not the slightest doubt that the Speyers
In the negotiations acted at the instance
of C. P. Huntlngton. No doubt C P.
Huntington resolved when his nephew
was dispiaeed to put the affairs of the
company in such shape that absolute con
trol by the Hunting-tons could not be suc
cessfully disputed in the future.
George Crocker's career as a railroad
man is about to close with his consent.
He has obtained for his Interest In the
road the value which he placed on his
stock, and will retire from his position in
the yellow building without disappoint
ment or regret. New York possesses some
attractions for George Crocker and his
family which San Francisco does not of
fer, hence he has elected to reside in the
former city. Will Crocker may be called
East to assist in the adjustment of busi
ness affairs growing out of tne impor
tant transfer of railroad properties, but
he entertains no thought of making New
York his home.
The great fortunes acquired by the orig
inal promotors of the Central Pacific are
being scattered far. and wide. Stanford's
millions have gone into the realm of
higher education, much to the disgust of
C. P. Huntington. The millions which
■went to Judge E. B. Crocker's children
have contributed something to the Joys
of the world. Mark Hopkins, the most
prudent and saving of the five, left an
Immense fortune. The modest inventory
In the Probate Court of San Francisco
placed the wealth which his widow in
herited at nineteen millions of dollars.
Borne of the money has been devoted to
the promotion of architecture and dec
orative art.
Colonel Colton did not get as much
money out of the company as any one
of the other originals obtained, but he
got some wonderfully interesting letters
rom C. P. Huntington.
The genial vice president, J. C. Stubbs,
Is not convinced by The Call that •"Glad
Hand Mac," the passenger traiiic man
ager, is to relieve the law department of
political responsibilities. There is an old
adage In railroading that a good freight
man knows nothing but freight, and
Btubbs is surely a vital verification of the
truth of the adage. Should the people of
California again rise up in their wrath
and demand the removal from office of
the Railroad Commissioners or the sub
mission of a constitutional amendment
to abolish the commission, what sense
would there be In sending Herrin to Sac
ramento to save the Commissioners? Any
one outside of a freight office ought to
know the difference between a glad hand
and a web foot.
"Glad Hand Mac" would be Just the
man for such an emergency. He would
go to Sacramento in broad daylight and
walk right in to the Senate Chamber
and give the glad hand alike to Demo
cratic and Republican Senators. "Glad
Hand Mac" would not go in a private
car at night with lights extinguished and
I f^gM^MM TEETH FILLED ■<
'-''f&g-. ' ; rJr^ With pure gold from
4-1 *^s^>? $1.00 up. -i
I i u r &%&r ■i^ios>&'* 1 . PLATES UJ From $-4 00 up. A
',"7^ ""ij^^7^Wßfg \y c I^^ best pj ate . 4
> " ■* : " r^SjR worker on this cons'. 4
"*" a * n^ ess Extraction a Specialty. 1
Hl^^^"^ - (Electricity, Gas or Chloroform). -4
hide the car behind the Icehouse so that
no one In Sacramento would suspect his
presence. He would be out on the plat
form extending his hand to the people
before the train got across the bridge.
Automobile at Glen Park.
There will be an automobile In oper
ation at Glen Park to-day; it will con
vey passengers around the park. Dur
ing the afternoon there will be a bal
loon ascension and parachute Jump, a
prize bicycle race by permission of the
C. A. C. C, a distribute of vaJuable
?ate prizes, and prize athletic competi
tions, open to all.
CALIFORNIA VETERANS
ARE TURNED DOWN
WHAT BECAME OF THE NAMES
SENT THE GOVEBNOB,
Talk About the First Regiment —
Fag-e-Street Armory Is Ready
for Its Reception.
The First Regiment of the California
Volunteers, formerly the First Infantry
Regiment of the National Guard, has been
mustered out of the service of the United
States and the officers and men have re
turned to civil life. There were a number
of the officers of the regiment who had
I expressed a desire to return to the volun-
I teer service, provided they would be com- [
. missioned. And it was expected that sev
: eral of these would receive commissions
■ from the chief executive of the State.
Colonel Duboce sent a number of names :
to the Governor for commissions in the
j new regiments of volunteers, but not one
| of these was honored. The wonder is what
I became of them. The members of the
regiment as a whole feel somewhat mor
tiiied that the first regiment that was or
) dered into foreign service should have
been turned down.
. The indications are that •within two
months the First Regiment of the Na
; tional Guard will be reorganized and that
| nearly all the officers who entered the ,
! volunteer service will report for duty un
der the provisions of the act of the .Legis
! lature granting them the opportunity of
re-entering the service of the State at any !
time within 150 days after being mustered
out of the volunteer service. Many of
these officers while in the foreign service
have outlived their commissions and there
i will have to be a number of elections in
i companies, but hew many of the officers
whose commissions have run out will
stand for re-election is unknown, as it is
stated that some of them will not con- !
| tinue in the guard; that they will simply I
i report for duty and then resign. The late
, coioncl of the Fust Volunteers will re
enter as lieutenant colonel, which posi
tion he held at the time he enlisted in the
volunteers, as Brigadier General James F.
Smith is still the colonel. Unless he should j
resign upon his return he would, if he re
entered the guard, resume his position as
colonel of the regiment.
Whenever the regiment does return to
duty it will hnd the armory at Page and
Gough streets in as good condition as it
was when it marched away from there .
fifteen months ago. The property of the
State and the company property con- ■
tamed therein has under special orders j
been in charge of Major Jansen, brigade
inspector of the Second Brigade, and un
. der his directions Charles M. Sheldon, i
the old-time armorer of the First, has
been the care-taker, occupying the big j
building all by his lonely day and night, i
The company rooms are in as good condi
tion as they were when occupied, the only
difference being that the lockers have
been emptied of full-dress uniforms and j
other property, all of which has been '
carefully stored away in the large store
room on the upper floor. In the company
I rooms the lockers of those soldiers who i
1 laid down their lives In the service of ;
their country are draped in mourning. As
i soon as the regiment is ready to return to
i the armory everything will be replaced
Just as It was before the war. In the
Grillroom there are about two hundred
anil fifty rit!M In the racks, of which
about one hundred and fifty are service- j
, able in case of emergency, several cases I
I containing rifles that are unfit for service, |
and any number of boxes of curios from .
the Philippines that were brought from '
there by the officers of the First. There
is also a memento of the war which will :
probably remain in the armory. It is an '
old-fashioned brass swivel gun mounted j
on a truck, which from its construction
must be one of the guns placed on the '
islands by the Spaniards two hundred ;
yenrs or more ago.
The veterans of the National Guard at
their last held meeting admitted to mem- j
bership ex-Sergeant V. J. Fell. Second j
Artillery; ex-Corporal W. "W. Thompson,
of Company G, First Infantry, and lieu
tenant Colonel F. A. Vail of the brigade I
staff. Brigadier General C. F. A. Last,
First Brigade; M. H. Gaffr.ey. and S. Ro
r.enthal re-entered the association.
~m~
Advances made on furniture and piano*, with i
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Mexico has an area of 751.000 square
miles, or nearly one-fourth that or the '
United States.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 1899.
DEATH CLAIMS A
VICTIM OF THE
CAP EXPLOSION
John Burke Expires in
Harbor Hospital.
INVESTIGATION IS BEING HELD
ARMY OFFICERS PROBING INTO
THE MYSTERY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF CALI
FORNIA.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 23. 1891.
Special Orders No. 204:
A board of officers consisting of Lieutenant
Colonel Wallace F. Randolph, Third Artillery;
Major Robert J. Gibson, surgeon, and Major
Robert H. Noble, assistant adjutant general
United States Volunteers, will at once assem
ble on board the transport Sherman to ex
amine Into, report upon and ascertain the
cannes leading to the explosion on board of that
phlp of "a box of primers, the property of the
Thirtieth Infantry, United States Volunteers.
By command of Major General Phafter:
J. B. BABCOCK,
Assistant Adjutant General.
In accordance with the above order the
board met early yesterday aboard the
Sherman and held a searching Investiga
tion. From what can be gathered on the
outside the blunder that has resulted In
the death of one man and the- wounding
of three others was made at the Rock
Island arsenal. At Fort Sheridan It was
known a mistake had been made, but by
some unaccountable means It was not
rectified and the accident In the hold of
the transport followed.
The ordnance supplies for the Thirtieth
Regiment were sent from Rock Island
arsenal to Fort Sheridan. At the inves
tigation yesterday the quartermaster ser
geant of the Thirtieth testified that he
received the ordnance supplies sent for
the use of the regiment from Rock Island.
Among the boxes of cartridges was one
containing 100,000 primers. This box was
put aside and whether It got mixed up I
I again with cartridge boxes and came on j
to San Francisco or not he could not
tell. In the light of after events It seems |
reasonably certain that the box of prim- I
ers came on as a box of cartridges and
it was that package that caused the dis
aster in the hold of the Sherman.
There were over twenty longshoremen
handling the ordnance supplies when the
accident happened. The boxes were all
In the hold and were being placed in the
magazine. The m<n were in a line from
where the boxes were piled to the maga
zine door and each box was passed from
man to man until it reached the maga
zine, where it was stored. All of the
uninjured longshoremen testified yester
day that the greatest of care was used !
in handling the stuff. Captain Barneson
and other officers of the transport ser
vice testilied to the same effect and the
board is satisfied that there was no care
lessness at this end of the affair. It will
be some weeks before Fort Sheridan and !
the Rock Island arsenal caji be heard j
from and in the meantime the inquiry will !
remain open.
John Burke died of his injuries at the !
Harbor Hospital yesterday morning and i
his body was taken to the Morgue. He
was conscious up to the last and suf
fered terribly. A few minutes before
death he asked l>r. Morrison to end his j
sufferings. Everything possible was done j
to alleviate his pain and save his life, I
but it was not to be. Death was due !
to loss of blood and shock. Ho was 35
years of age and a native of Brooklyn,
N. Y. An inquest will be held on Mon
day.
Frank Klein is In a precarious condi
tion. He was removed to Lane Hospital.
Charles Anderson was discharged from
the Receiving Hospital early yesterday j
morning. He will be all right again in a i
few days.
John Miller, who lives at 1507 I-eaven- j
worth street, is another 'longshoreman
who was injured. He called at the Har
bor Hospitui yesterday morning and Dr. i
Morrison removed one of the primers j
MME. MODJESKA AS
MARIE ANTOINETTE
THE above half-tone pictures the Polish actress as she will appear on
Monday night in rilnton Stuart's latest historical drama. Recollections
of Modji-ska as Mary Stuart warrant the conclusion that the regal
Marie Antoinette, the 111-fated Queen who controlled the affairs of state
while Louis led a placid life of rood fare and meditation, will be perfectly
portrayed. What glimpse will be got of the gay and frivolous days of
"I,ittle Trianon," where the Joyou3 and impulsive -woman led a life of ex
travagant unconventionality, is still in conjecture. Tha play has had the
benefit of a fortnight's suburban trial and consequent pruning and comes
to San Francisco in three-hour shape. Modjeska, it is whißpered, has ma
terially assisted her manager, John C. Fisher, in designing the scenery for
the production, for she is an artist of no mean ability. John E. Keller who
appeared here some years since with Marie Burroughs, is the star's leading
man.
GONE TO HIS BEST.
Death of Henry Peyser, an Old and
Well-Known Special Officer.
Henry Peyser, who had the distinction
of serving as special officer for over
twenty years on Sixth street, from Mar
ket to Harrison, and Market street, from
Fifth to Sixth, died at his residence. 322
Clementina street, last Thursday from
paralysis. Ho was on duty till about a
month ago. I ■■ - ■
Before being appointed a special off
cer Peyser was on the regular force for
a few years. He was an honest, faith
ful and brave man and on many occa
sions during his long service as special
officer he was of • valuable assistance to
the police In capturing criminals.
jie was a native or Prussia *a 4. ww
ADVESTISEMEKTS. % ' _
8 . Children are particularly liable to bowel troubles in the summer time. The best o
v preventive of summer complaint, diarrhoea, dysentery, is to keep the bowels open . O
X gently. The delicate tissues of a child's intestines should never be abused by the x
Q . use of violent purges. The only liver and bowel regulator fit to be used by children o
Q is the ideal laxative and intestinal tonic, CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. v
fSk _t&s_oP^ ~*^^&^!—. on v °i ce — Worcester Oaz-ctte. _ * a a
tl) JSsl&iSWr 1&3lt tSt X>at tried. They have found a portuanoni placo in g g £ f\
Mk&S&m »Esffl ]&'*s&&? '^ Box CBO Michiean Ciiy Ind. trvlk _ w\
O B&zs'&i __Tfß£—\r A tip The archite* 1 * and his friend the .._ ■X ?S O
Q ANNUAL SALCS. 5.000.000 BOXES. ____$r O
r\ I H / S / \ J^HwMfc^^ ___ -*aSBF^S ><% 5C
yC 1 Till 1 jcilji^lL 1 * IMi '*iiß^|^^^^gg^g^^^jjjiiiiiif***^ LJl\ \J \J\Jx*j 1 0 %>/
Q CASCARETS are absolutely harmless, a purely vegetable compound. Wo mercurial or «ther mineral pill-poison in Cascarets. Caacarets promptly, effectively and permanently r%
yv cure every disorder of the Stomach, Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and everyfonn of irregularity of the bowels, including diarrhoea and dysentery. ]C
*\[ Pleasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. Be sure you get the genuine ! Beware of imitations and substitutes ! Buy a box of CASCARETS W
U to-day, and if not pleased in every respect, get your money back I Write us for booklet and free sample I Address STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, CHICAGO or NEW YORK. />
from his leg. The cause of the accident
Is as much of a mystery to him as It is
to all the others. He did not know he
was injured until he reached his home.
John Brodie is doing as well as can be
expected, and Dr. Rice now has hopes
for his recovery. He is badly cut about
the head with the caps, but when his
wounds were dressed yesterday he
seemed to be doing better than could
have been expected.
"I have no more idea how the accident
happened than the man on the moon,"
said Brodie yesterday. "There was a
slight explosion and the next instant I
peemed U> be struck all over at once and
don't remember what happened after.
Klein set the box he was .handling down
in just the same manner he did all the
others, but this one exploded and the
others didn"t. I think I'll pull through
all right, but I feel pretty bad just now."
The transport Sherman got away with
the Thirtieth Regiment yesterday. The
soldier boys were put aboard early In thr>
day and many of th^m clustered in the
lmw of the ship and had a good time
joking the crowds that stood on the
wharf waiting to see the transport sail.
Among those who went out on the yes-
Bel \v;is Father Joseph M. Gleason, who
will fill the place of Father McQulde in
Manila until early next year. Father
McQuide'S health broke down and he had
to go to Australia in order to save his
life. General Otis has asked for the ap
polntment of Father McKlnnon as post
chaplain at Manila, and as soon as he
p.ifs there Father Gleason will come
home.
69 years of age. He leaves a wife and two
daughters, one of them married, lie be
longed to the Odd Fellows, the Ancient
Order of United Workmen, American Le
gion of Honor, Exempt Firemen and the
t'hedra Achim Rachmorlm Association.
The funeral will take place to-day to the
Salem Cemetery and services will be held
in Odd Fellows' Hall.
In His Steps.
The lecture by Rev. L. J. Garvw to men
only this afternoon at the Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium. Ma
son and Ellis streets, will finish this spe
cial course. His subject to-day will be
"In His Steps; or, What Would Jesus
Do?" taken from Sheldon's world famous
book. The service opens promptly at 3
o'clock. AH young men. invited.
SCHOONERS IN
COLLISION OFF
POINT BONITA
The Ida McKay Had to
Return to Port.
The schooners Ida McKay and Bella
were in collision off Point Bonita in Fri
day's fog. Both vessels were bound out,
the Ida McKay for Grays Harbor and the
Bella for Siuslaw. When four miles west
of the Point a* 6:40 p. m. on the 22d lnst.
the McKay cr ished into the Bella. The
latter had her foresail split and sustained
uther minor damage, but was able to
hold on her course. The McKay lost her
Jibboom and figurehead and had to return
to port for repairs.
The towing of rafts from Puget Sound
and the Columbia River to San Francisco
is condemned by every shipping man on
the coast. They consider the rafts a men
ace to navigation and the one that re
cently broke away from the Czarina near
ly sent several ships to the bottom. The
Marine Engineers' Association has taken
the matter up and is preparing a petition
which will be presented to CongTess by
Congressman Julius Kahn. Besides the
Marine Engineers it will be signed by
the Shipowners' Association, Harbor Pi
lots No. 111, Master Mariners' Association
and the Chamber of Commerce. It Is
hoped to get some legislation which will
stop the towing of these unwieldy masses
of lumber.
The ship Llewellyn J. Morse on Septem
ber 18, 19 and 20 passed through a quan
tity of piles which had evidently come
from the raft lust by the Czarina. There
were a great many of them, but the cap
tain could not estimate the number owlQg
to the tog. The piles were passed about
thirty miles west by north of Point Reyes.
Among the passengers who will come
home from Manila on the Valencia is Dr.
C. H. Jjoweil, formerly of the Harbor
Receiving Hospital and surgeon of the
transport Zealundia for a couple of trips.
The doctor nas been nearly dead with
typhoid fever, but is now on the road
to recovery.
There is to be a very pleasant outing on
the ferry steamer San Rafael on October
8. It is to be a strictly family excursion,
and as Gua Kllborn is going to manage
the affair it should be a great success. Tne
San Rafael will leave the Sausalito ffc'ry
at 10:30 a. m. on the date mentioned.
Captain Buckman, formerly of the
whalehaek City of Everett, is here on a
visit from Panama. Of late he has been
harbor master for the Pacific Mail at Pan
ama, but he got a severe attack of the
These well-known specialists continue to do business on their old original plan of no pay till
cured. They will treat any case of lost manhood, private disease, including contagious blood
poison, and many other ailments of men, on the following conditions:
The price of a cure may be deposited in any bank or with any daily newspaper or respon-
sible business house in San Francisco, where it may remain until the pntient is satisfied that he is
well. If it is not convenient to do this, payments may be made in weekly or monthly installments.
Such a reasonable offer has never been made by any other physicians. What could be more
fair? What could be 'more convincing that DR MEYERS & CO. have ability? These special-
ists have the largest medical institution and the most extensive practice in America. All the
members of the stafif are physicians of the highest standing. Each is a specialist of many years'
successful experience in curing diseases and weakness of men.
If you are not as you should be you need medical assistance, and the best. DR. MEYERS
& CO. do not promise anything they cannot do, and never undertake an incurable case.
HOME CURES. PRIVATE BOOK AND CONSULTATION FREE.
Dr. Meyers & Co. make no charge for consultation or advice at office or by mail.
Although it is preferable to see the patients in many instances, it is not always necessary. If
you cannot call write for private book, diagnosis sheets, free advice, prices and other particulars.
Correspondence solicited. All letters confidential. No printing on envelopes or packages to in-
dicate name of sender. Cures sent by either mail or express, free from observation.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are at the old location, where they have been established so many
years, 731 Market street, San Francisco— elevator entrance. Hours, Bto 5 daily, 7to 8 evenings;
9to 11 Sundays. A friendly talk or a letter costs absolutely nothing.
Panama fever and had to coma home to
recuperate.
The battleship lowa will be open to the
general puhlic to-day, and Peterson's
launches will run as usual from the Fol
sum street float.
The damaged cargo of the steamer
America Maru has been sold at auction
and the vessel will lpave Yokohama fot
this port on the 27th inst.
The transport Zealandia will sail for
Manila on October 5. There Is not a
great deal of work to be done on her, nn<l
Captain Howard of the Oceanic Steamship
Company says he can easily get her ready
by that time. She requires very little
work done on her boilers, and it can be
done by the engineers on the transport.
The Zealandia came into port in splendid
shape, and reflects great credit on the
captain and his officers. Chief Steward
Penfield and his assistants had their part
of the ship in apple pie order when she
came to an anchor Friday afternoon.
LABOR COUNCIL MEETS.
No Action Taken on the Boiler-
Makers' Strike on the Front.
The San Francisco Labor Council at Its
regular meeting on Friday was addressed
by J. J. Ryan, delegate from the Boiler
makers' Union, regarding the strike of the
boiler-makers on Government work along
the front. Mr. Ryan stated that at a
meeting of the striking men yesterday aft
ernoon the offer of a compromise by the
employers for %?. 50 for nine hours' work
instead of $3 25 for eight hours, which the
i men asked for, had been refused. The
I council, while it will grant its moral sup
port to the strike, look no official action,
as its assistance has not as yet been
1 asked.
Th<- council declared Its intention of
I levying a boycott on the firm of L. H.
i Molse & Co. at the request of the Stereo
j typers" Union. The firm recently acquired
i a stereotyping shop and refuses to employ
! union men.
The Kkctrioal Workers' Union appealed
to the council to aid it in its effort to
* unionize the electrical employes on the
! Government transports, but action was
i deferred until the next meeting.
Application was received from the Ship
Painters to be ndmittpd into the council.
Consideration was postponed until the
House Painters are heard on the subject, j
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
i chased from all agents and
I newsdealers at 5c per copy.
A MERITED PROMOTION
William J. Hunter Made Assistant
Superintendsnt of the California
Northwestern.
William J. Hunter, who has been con
nected with the California Northwestern
Railroad for the past eighteen years, has
received a well-merited promotion and is
now assistant' superintendent. The rapidly
I Will Give $1000
.Sj&jgeSSjgs^ If I fail to cure any
J^|^^^ACANCERorr»mcrl
CttfiF TOiSffT^'" a£*^**. treat before it scat-
[uSm ii3 * l^;£';J|!&k ters or affects the
\kxw N *s»=' nhs or other
' >tff *3** ttSEsa^ JfHa K- ni^ e
Ii«? fpi I|i No Pain I
vS( » Until Cured*
\ :l ;i fence, iooo cancers
♦"^^ll^Sql^ / ence. iooo cancers
\ **&£§ p*i now in my offices in
\ /// alcohol. attend-
MUftflr JL ant - Any hard
-J&'t ■'— \^/S^t^. lump anywhere
W^^^^MW^ « saucer.
lump In a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
I when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE ■ ■ r
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
j SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
increasing business of the road necessi
tated an increase of the official force and
the duties of Superintendent Zook ..ad
1 become so burdensome that It was found
i necessary to relieve- him of a portion of
them.
Hunter has been one of the most popu
lar conductors of the road for many years
I and during his connection with the l'n«
: has studied the details of railroad work
I until he has become thorouhgly versed in
' all matters pertaining to the operation of
| the property. His close attention and
especial fitness for the position, together
'• with his wide acquaintance with the busl-
I ness Interests of the road, made him first
in rank of promotion. He knows every
foot of the road and Is personally ac
quainted with nearly every shipper and
' regular traveler on the line, and his pro
! motion will give pleasure to all who know
1 him.
. ♦ »
ALMOND TRUST NOT FORMED
Local Commission merchants Deny
the Chicago Story.
A recent dispatch from Chicago stated
that a combination had been formed to
I run up the price of almonds to a high
I figure and that San Francisco firms are
i concerned in the scheme. The local com
! mission merchants of this city denounce
the rumor as false and say that a com
bination has not been nor will be made.
They claim that the almond crop of Cali
fornia fell below expectation this year
and that necessarily the prices have been
raised a little. Contributory to this is the
failure of the foreign crop. California
I was expected to furnish about 300 carloads
! of the nuts, but only lfiO were raised. The
1 first purchasers benefited a little by the
Bcarcity, but did not form any agreement
to secure exorbitant prices.HOW MERCHANTS
ARE ONCE MORE
UP AGAINST IT
Southern Pacific and
Gold Bricks.
JOKERS IN THE CONTRACTS
ONE WAY TO SQUEEZE MONEY
OUT OF THE PEOPLE.
The Congestion of Transportation
Facilities Used by the Rail
road as a Means Toward
an Unfair End.
The Southern Pacific Company has
passed cut another gold brick, and! as
usual, it Is the merchants and shippers
of California who have purchased the spu
rious article. This time it is tho traffic i
department that is operating in the bunko ;
line, and the returns i^romise to add a !
pretty penny to the coffers of the road.
a time ago the Southern Pacific j
xnado a bid for the freight that was being |
shipped by water both to Eastern points
and to coastwise ports. It offered the big
Bhippers of the State a reduction in
freight rates of about one-fifth of the pre- |
vious charges, which gave them a chajice |
to send their goods to market by rail
with some hope of a reasonable profit j
from their sales.
As long as traffic was light this agree- j
Xnent was faithfully observed by the rail- \
road and all went well. Both the ship
pen and the carriers were making money ;
and no one had any complaint to make.
But this era of fair dealing was not to j
continue. It was merely a makeshift to |
control business during lax times and to i
provide for a coup which would more
than reimburse the company for any con
cessions it had made. The joker that the
Southern Pacific had up its sleeve was i
only being held until the proper moment i
came to produce it. The aforesaid joker \
•was a little clause inserted at the bottom j
of the contracts giving the railroad people |
the right to abrogate the agreement on
ten days' notice.
Now that nearly all the available yes- ';
eels are tied up by the tremendous amount !
of Government business that has fol
lowed in the wake of war the Southern I
Pacific has concluded that the time has
come to play Its trump card, and con
sequently, having obtained from the In
terstate Commerce Commission the right I
to increase its rates on the goods affected
by the previous reduction, it has notified
the big shippers of the State that on Oc
tober 10 the freight rates previously re
duced will be restored to their original
figures.
This change has been timed to catch
the wine men, the grain and lumber ship- I
pers, and In fact all the large industries
of the State when it is Imperative for
them to pay the advance in order to get
their goods to market and fulfill the con
tracts they have made with their buyers.
Not only will this trick affect the pro- j
ducers of the State but there is hardly
a large commercial house in the city do- i
ing business in lines such as coal an. 1 ! !
hardware that will not be a big loser by j
the blow it has received at the hands of i
the railroad. There are a number of mer
chants who will feel the difference to the
tune of thousands of dollars, and to others
the matter is of so great moment as to be
almost of vital importance.
As all the vessels are tied up, there is
no redress for them. They have to ship
their poods and the only way for them to >
do It Is to pay their tribute and watch '
their past profits flow into the vaults of j
tho Southern Pacific Company.
REV. J. S. THOMAS
WILL BE INSTALLED
Solemn and Interesting- Services to Be
Held at the Howard Presby
terian Church.
Rev. J. S. Thomas, the new pastor of
the Howard Presbyterian Church, corner
. nnd Pak^r streets, will be in-
e tailed this afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
order of eervice has been arranged as fol
lows:
Organ prelude, "Marche Olebre," from the
flrpt sutt»\ Larhner; Doxology, "Old Huii
readlns of Scripture; prayer; quartet,
'■I Will Call Upon The*." Dudley Buck; ser
mon; hymn; constitutional questions; Install
ing prayer; anth-m, "He Khali ' "ome Down
Like Rain." Buck; charge to the pastor:
charge to the people; hymn: benediction: or
i tlude, "Hallelujah Chorus" from "Mes
siah, ■• Handel.
The members of the choir are: Mips
Alma Berglund, Miss Isella H. Van Pelt,
Frederick Purdy and Charles E. Ker.
"William F. Hooke is the organist and
muElcaJ director.
SPRING VALLEY SUED.
i 11 Compel the Company
to Supply Water.
PeroHnanfla Ftroh objects to paying the
extortionate demands of the Spring Val
ley Water TVorks for making a simple
pipe connection, but as 9he needs water at
her home, on Sixth avenue, near Cali
fornia street, she has applied for a writ
of mandate to compel the company to
turn on the water. Mrs. Stroh alleges
that the connection of the pipe from the
main to her homo is complete, but the
company refuff-3 to turn on the water
without first being paid $10 alleged to be
due on a connection heretofore made.
Mrs. Stroh refuses to pay the sum named,
rut brought suit. An alternative writ of
mandate, returnable before Judge Sea
well on the 29th inst., was ißsued in the
case, by Judge Daingerfield.
GRAPE-NUTS.
9- 9— * © ©—© — ©-©— ©-© -O
I i
J Change the i
° Vibration. ?
o ©
4 IT MAKES FOR 9
o HEALTH. ©
• Use Grape-Nuts. ?
T
i • r
9- ©- a-e-o-e c o o-o -©
SOME HINTS ON FOOD.
A man tried leaving off meat, potatoes :
and coffee for breakfast and adopted a <
breakfast of fruit, a dish of Crape-Nuts j
with cream and a cup of Postum Cereal i
food coffee.
Ills health began to improve at once
for the reason that a meat eater will
reach a place once in a while where his i
system seems to become cloprered and '
the machinery don't work smoothly.
A change of this kind puts aside food !
of low nutritive value and takes up j
food and drink of the highest value, al- j
ready partly digested and capable of j
being quickly changed into Rood, rich j
blood and strong tissue. The most val-
uable feature of both Grape-Nuts and
Pofitum is the natural phosphate of pot- .
ash obtained from the grains, and this ]
product is the element which trans- |
forms albumen in the body into the soft !
gray substance which fills brain and !
nerve centers. A few days' use of :
Grape-Nuts and Postum will jrlve one
b. degree of nervous strength well worth
the trial. i
i
OGDEN TELLS OF
NEW OIL FIELDS
PROMISING WELL
Crop of Millionaires
Is Predicted.
"California will soon have a new crop
of millionaires. " This is the Btatement
made yesterday by M. M. Ogden, the field
expert of the California Oil Exchange,
who has just returned from a tour of ex
amination through the new oil districts
of California. The millionaires will, In his
opinion, be made such by wealth taken
out of the soil in the shape of oil. "That
is my firm opinion," reiterated Mr. Ogden
when he was (iuestioned. "There is no
doubt about it."
From this pleasing generalization Mr.
Ogden descended to particulars and told
something about the districts visited by
him, describing the. work under way. Mr.
Ogden first visited the Coalinga district
and made a general examination. Next
he visited the Oil City district, ten miles
from Coalinga. He then took in the
Kreynhagen district, which is southwest
of Coalinga and distant about twenty
miles. The A venal district, ten miles far
ther south, and the McKittriclc district, in
Kern County, also received attention. All
this was preliminary to making a report
to the Oil Exchange, which report will be
accompanied by maps showing the trend
of the oil-bearing sands, the location of
wells and other essential information.
"Oil City district," said Mr. Ogden, "is
producing 4500 barrels of oil per day. This
is all taken from one section of land and
the most of it conies from a small part of
that section. There are twenty wells
there. Oil City is ten miles from the rail
road. A pipe line connects Oil City with
Coalinga. Chanslor & Caniield are operat
ing there. ■ The wells range-in depth from
Tixj to 1500 feet. The oil sand at Oil City
runs through the pay belt northeast and
southwest and pitches about thirty feet
to every 100 feet. The wells at the north
end are shallow. Farther south they
grow deeper. The New York Oil Com
pany has a well 1600 feet deep. They will
probably strike oil at a depth of 20vu feet.
"The district has been kept back by a
lack of water for development, but
Chansior & Canfleld have tunneled to
the north and water has been piped in.
Now the drills are starting. .Little in
formation has been had from this dis
trict except that referring to section 2u,
because the test wells have been sunk less
• than 800 feet. Captain McClurg has sunk
a well live miles from Oil City that is
flowing 500 barrels per day.
"The oil sands run southwest across the
land of the Royal Oil Company, where a
model rig has been erected. In section 22
the Caribou Oil Company has a rig work
ing with excellent prospects. The Invest
ment, California, Aetna and Santa Ciara
Companies will also drill. The Blue
Goose is working in section 20 and the
Selma has a deep hole. The Phoenix is
also drilling and the Mutual has pro
spects.
"There has been some delay because
casings for the wells have been shipped
in slowly. Casings are now coming in
from the East and as a consequence the
work should be more than doubled in two
months. The oil sand crops out again at
a point of hills just east of the Alcalde
Coal Company. Then it trends south and
west and through the high range. The
owners of test wells are lucky who hap
pen to get on this belt. The Commer
cial Oil Company has an 1100-foot well
down. The Badger State has a deep hole
in the same township. There is a big oil
seepage in that township, which is town
ship 21, range 14 east.
"In the Kreynhagen tract the oil sand
is found running in from the northwest,
through the high ranges. The oil is more
volatile than that found at Oil City and
contains a high percentage of lubricants.
There is a promising group of oil prop
erties at this point. These Include the
Northtield, St. Lawrence, Baby King,
Bradford, Consolidated, Kings County,
Kreynhagen, Black Mountain and Stanley
oil companies' holdings. Kreynhagen has
one well down to oil and has not yet
reached the main body of sand. The
dally production from this well is about
twenty barrels of line oil. Oil has been
struck by the Baby King and St. Law
rence. At Tar Canyon there is an area
of oil seepage covering one and a half acres
where the layers lap just like lava flows.
Up the canyon is an oil spring. The
Avenal Company is developing there and
will undoubtedly make a line strike.
"The McKittrick district is seventy
miles from Bakersfield, in Kern County.
The wells are shallower. The oil is
heavier than that found farther north.
It Is much like the Los Angeles oil.
Milton McWhorter is one of the largest
developers in that section and he is find
ing a lot of oil. The Shamrock Company
has struck oil at 400 feet. I am satisfied
that no part of the United States will
produce as much oil as California as soon
as the valley has been developed. The
oil belt extends throughout the State,
from tiie Oregon line to San Diego."
COMPANY F BANQUETS
RETURNED VOLUNTEERS
Famous National Guard Organization
Honors the Men Who Bore
Its Name to the Front.
The members of Company F of the First
California Volunteers were the guests of
honor at a banquet given by the members
of Company F of the National Guard in
their armory on Ellis street, near Polk,
last evening. Fully 100 of the volunteers
and National Guard men Eat down to an
excellent repast set for them in the main
hall of the armory. Colonel George H.
Pippy acted as toastmaster and called on
Colonel Victor Duboce, B. Searight, Cap
tain John A. Miller, Lieutenant F. A. Nip
pert Sergeant Henry Turton, Sllvey New
man, Major James A. White, Ed Casey,
Lieutenant Colonel Coffey, "Peggy"
Brown and others to respond to toasts
and to render songs and stories.
A delightful evening was spent by the
members of the guard and their guests.
The past was recalled by the veterans,
who told stories of camp life, and the
volunteers responded in kind with inci
dents of their stay In the Philippines.
Colonel Duboce received an ovation on
entering the banquet rail. In an eloquent
speech he told of the love he had for Com
pany-F, it being the company he entered
at the beginning of his long service in the
National Guard. He dweit on the splendid
work achieved by his command in the
Philippines and the pleasure it gave him
to know that they did their duty. On con
cluding his remarks he was greeted with
the old cry of the company: "Kali, Rah,
Rah! Eddy. Eddy! Zip, Boom! Ah!
Titer." . M
The most pathetic and fervent speech
of the evening was delivered by the old
armorer, "Peggy" Brown, hero of the
Mexican and Civil wars, who lost a leg
in the service of his country, and who has
served in- his present position since the
organization of the company in 1871. When
his name was called a hearty cheer greet
ed the old man, and as he arose to re
spond he wiped, away the tears with h(s
napkin and in a broken voice told of th*
Joy it gave him to welcome "his boys"
home again. He 'paid-it was a pleasure, to
see the familiar faces of the men who in
years past marched in the ranks and who
now hold positions of honor in the army
and in civil lift. He also eulogized the
young men who so bravely volunteered at
their country's call. In concluding he
safd he felt proud that his son had gone
to the front and defended the old flag. A
tremendous cheer followed his kind
Company P of the National Guard was
organized in IStl. Among the men who
have risen to high office in the National
Guard who were early members of the
organization are Brigadier Generals Last
and Muller. Colonel Duboce. Lieutenant
Colonel Coffey. Major Louis Farrar, Ed
win M. Gre^nwav. George Grant of the
Nevada Bank and others.
. ♦ ■
GREEN RECEPTION.
Three Brave Volunters Receive a
..-.., Social Ovation.
The three sons of Sergeant Green, who
returned from Manila with the First Cali
fornia Regiment, were tendered. a recep
tion last Wednesday evening: by Mr. and I
Mrs. John J. Hughes at their home, 20 j
Hawthorne street Mr. Hughes was lieu
tenant of the McMahon Independent j
Grenadier Guards over twenty years ago. |
THE SAN FRAJS CISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
CHINESE BABY SHOW AT THE FAIR
PROVED A BRILLIANT SPECTACLE
V
*
V -m CELESTIAL baby show drew
T A nearly 3000 ladies to the Me-
Q ■ I 1 chanics 1 Pavilion. yesterday aft
-4c l~\ ernoon. There was a large ag-
A gregation of the sterner sex
V present, but they were engulfed
? by the fair. ones. The little competi
-0 tors from the Orient, attired in their
-ft picturesque and gaudy dresses, were
,*) placed in a conspicuous part of the
V stand, and were the cynosure of thou
"r sands of admiring eyes. Mesdames
Q Mullaney. Buckley, Titus and Carson
.^ were chosen by the management of the
A fair to pass : upon the merits and de-
V merits of the youngsters. C. R. Laid
"* law, clerk of the entries, had his hands
U full receiving the names of the con-
X testants as mothers jostled each other
x eagerly for the purpose of entering
V their offspring In the show.
M The little Ah Singe and other Songs
n
Sergeant Green was also an officer In [
the guards at the time. On account of i
the warm friendship existing between the
two families, Mr. and Mrs. Hughes de- !
ei'l°d to give a reception to the sons of j
Sergeant Green in honor of the return
of the young heroes from Manila. The
following programme was rendered:
Music by Professor Tomsky's orchestra;
descriptive national duet by L/eo and
Birdy Tomsky. assisted by Professor Jan
sen;' cakewalk by Willie and Ixiretta '
Hughes; recitation, "Welcome to Our i
Brave California Boys," by William I^ee; I
vocal solo, national medley, Mis? Ella i
Croner, assisted by Professor Cls<
piano solo, Harry Frazer; vocal solo. !
•'Just as the Sun Went Down," Edward
Green, assisted by Professor Schwartz;
recitation, "Colonel Swansey." John
Hughes Jr.; musical selections. Professor
Tomsky? vocal solo. "My Country, 'Ti3
of Thee," Miss Hughes; recitation, "Casey ,
fi^^S^^^^^^^ C "5^ £> (7/Li /vvU / jr* rv c/ I to recover the
1 '** v n s / y^ p D / rj^j^A> \ vicious practices of
1 c^ /^^^°^^ c y O~+*^^ \ ear ] y indiscretions.
WMff^m^^^^^^^mm ' /I/// i l^// ( condition of the general system— Varicocele, Lame Back
11/ ( III 1 1 1 1 7/ //////// ////lII IIKHu / (II I and Vital Losses usually being apparent. This is because
la/ 111 I I ////// /////I if//' I lit I the vitality and nerve force of !he body have been under-
1/1/ ill 1 1 ///////// I '' - A \w 1 11 mined and sapped away. To correct this condition it will
V4 l/ 1 In / 1/ /^JnJF^Jl^MK\f^//\ will be necessary to restore the degree of electricity which has
II IWa// //l//n/^///M J i been drained from the system, and the infusion of elec-
\Wlffllr/H/mn \ tricity alone can accomplish the work of restoration.
mil VI 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 In f/li*3r^ \t//Jf / I Stomach drugs but aggravate the disease. They can-
IMflll 1 1 111 I 111/111 1// I [ wffi^ V not cure - I have asked specialists who have called upon
nil ' 11 1 11 1 I 11 1 I 1 1 1 fill Mill ' me ime and am to prove to me that drugs can reach the
Kit Hi lIJ I 111 lull Ml t/Lg^ff^ prostate gland. They could not do it, and this is why
prominent physicians refer chronic cases to me. The
; ':>■' , 4 patient is beyond the reach of their skill, but with
I can cure the most severe case of weakness and lost vitality. By 6,000 cures during 1898 prove the curative merits of my appli-
seeking my aid I will place in your hands an appliance which em- ance. You are at liberty to call at my office and test current of
bodies a sure, efficient, successful Home Treatment, constructed in me free of charge; You will receive careful attention and much
such a manner as to be worn around the waist at night, during which advice will be free , given you regarding your case, as I personally
time the soothing, toning current of Galvanic Electricity will flow ac jvise such sufferers '
through the weakened organs, and with the assistance of the attach- aavise sucn suntrers.
ment for men every fibre and gland of the affected system will re- Call to-day or write for Free Book, "Three Classes of Men,"
spond to the invigorating current. "* •' . I which fully explains all. . .
DR. T. A. SANDEN, 18 Third St., San Francisco, Cal.
OFFICE HOURS, Q TO Gf SUNDAYS, 11 TO 1.
f^KSr" I HAVE NO AGENTS AND MY BELTS ARE NOT SOLD IN
1P» DRUG STORESc
took to the show like veterans, and
the stares of a curious public did not
make them falter in the least. All
entered looked their be3t and gave the
judges no easy task picking the win
ners. When the ladies had compared
notes they made the following awards:
Prettiest girl baby, Hlng Shun;
prettiest boy baby. Little Yung;
smartest girl baby, Ham Yoke; smart
est boy baby, Lee Shin; best dressed
at the Bat," by Sergeant Green. i
Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Hughes, Llllle 'Hughes, John J.
Hughes Jr., James Hughes, Cleveland
Hughes, Loretta Hughes Katie Hughes,
Willie Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. John Cronin,
Ella Cronin. Gertie Cronin, John Cronin
Jr., Captain James Moran, Edward
Moran, Frank Moran, Corporal Harry
Cills, Hugh Dowd, Professor Ellas I
Tomsky and wife, Annie Tomsky, Arnold i
Tomsk j', Leo Tomsky, Birdie Tomsky,
Lenora A hern. Lena Riordan, Nellie
Pratt. Professor Schwartz, Professor Jen- I
sen Mr. and Mrs. John T. Green, Edward ■
Green, John Green Jr., George Green, Nel- !
lie Green, Clarence Green, Alfred Green, j
Theodore Green, Bertrand Green and Ray i
Green.
■ ♦ ■
Total Destruction by Fire.
An alarm from box 273 at 4:43 yesterday
afternoon called the Fire Department to
girl baby. Ah Lan; best dressed boy A
baby, Din Kin; brightest girl baby,
Shan Ping; cutest girl baby. Ong Culn; T
youngest girl baby, May Ol; most re- Q
fined boy baby, Moi Kin; second y±
brightest boy baby, Yee Chum.
After the judging the prize winners '
were exhibited and photographed in *
a group. The prizes were Chinese Q
Jewelry, medals, souvenir spoons and i
other bright articles.
a burning building In the rear of 4*B San
chez street. It was owned and occupied
by E. Deane. Before the flames could be
pubdued the entire structure, which is two
stories In height, was destroyed. The loss
will amount to several hundred dollars.
The cause of the fire is unknown.
■ ♦ ■
Reception to Mrs. Edwin Markham.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press Asso
ciation will give a reception in Golden
Gate Hall in honor of Mrs. Edwin Mark
ham on the occasion of her departure
East next Thursday afternoon. The fol
lowing programme will be rendered, under
the direction of Miss Augusta Frioderich:
Song. Mrs. John D. Sibley; paper, Mrs.
Edwin Markham; pong, Mme. Guido
Spitzy; reading. "Dreyfus (Edwin Mark
ham), Mrs. P. T. Dickinson.
» ♦ »
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
OPIUM FAMINE
AT SAN QUENTIN
Results of Aguirre's
Detective Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTJN PRISON, Sept. 23.— Tn
the few months of his incumbency
Warden Aguirre has not only managed
to clear the prison entirely of opium, so
that a famine in the drug now exists
among the convicts, but he has destroyed
the "ring" whose operations made tne,
traffic in the drug a possibility. This de
tective work of Aguirre has brought
about a condition of affairs hitherto un
heard of in the history of the penitenti
ary, fifteen men now being under the
care of Prison Physician Casey on ac
count of the suffering incident to a fail
ure to secure the "hasheesh" they were
accustomed to use daily.
The prisoners themselves admit that for
nearly two months there has not been an
ounce of opium smuggled through the
gates. As a result, convicts that formerly
presented the appearance of human
shadows and were covered with ulcers
from using opium have improved to an
extent that their own relatives have
hardly been able to recognize them. A
remarkaule case in point Is that of
Patrick Ryan, who is serving a life
sentence from San Francisco for robbery,
with a prior conviction. Ryan was sum
moned into the office of the Warden to
day and permitted to tell his own story.
••1 have been using opium for fifteen
years," he said, "and have spent fourteen
years of that period here. 1 got all the
•dope' I wanted until about two months
a"o when it became impossible to get the
smallest quantity. 1 began to have
crumps and could hold nothing on my
stomach. 1 had to let myself ue locked
Up and treated by Dr. Casey. For four
days 1 suffered and then the pain was
all over. I weighed luo pounds when 1
Quit and had twenty-two ulcers on my
body Now I weigh ID9 pounds and all the
ulcers are gone but one on my arm. which
is fast disappearing. My brother came
over to see me three weeks ago and
didn't know me until I spoke to him."
In the cell with Ryan is Harvey Moul
ton, a colored convict, serving two jward
for burglary. Moulton is a cocaine Send,
and when he readied here fifty days ak"
was shut up where he could not i>< ssibly
get any cocaine. At that time he weighed
only 129 pounds, though six ft -t two
inches in height. The convict is now f;;>t
approaching the 200-pound murk and baa
lost all desire for coouine. Among the llf
t«en men confined for using opium is also
the notorious "Frisco Slim," who was
concerned in a conspiracy to break prison.
Warden Aguirre says all that is neces
sary to break the men of the habit is to
keep them away from opium, feed them
well and give a little medical treatment
for the first three or four days only. The
Prison Directors are pleased with the
Warden's success in breaking 1 up the
death-dealing trrttllc and have all secured
souvenirs of his work. Amonjr them are
cleverly constructed hypodermic syringes
of glass, knives for opening the skin.
small packages of the drug- anil pipes
made out of small bottles. The Warden
has a large collection of the3e instru
ments at his residence.
UNION PACIFIC
TO GAIN CONTROL
Will Acquire Stock of
the O. R. and N.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Sept. 23 -At Salt Lake City,
October 9, a meeting of the Union Pacific
stockholders will be held which promises
to mark a new epoch in the history of
that great property. The preferred capi
tal stock and common capital stock will
be increased sufficiently to permit th«
acquisition of the outstanding preferred
and common stcck of the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company and the collat
eral trust income B4 per cent bonds of the
Oregon Short Line Company. Through
the acquisition of the Oregon Short
Line bonds, the Union Pacific
will strengthen its proprietary in
terest in the Short Line Company and ef
fect an advantageous change in the
character of the securities. With the se
curing of the preferred stock of the Ore
gon Railway and Navigation Company
and of the common stock of that com
pany, exclusive of that already acquired
and' held by the Short Line Company,
the Union Pacific will confirm and com
plete its control of the Navigation prop
erty, which was partially secured
through the conversion of the Oregon
Short Line stock, accomplished in the
early part of the present year, and will
obtain ownership, practically absolute, of
the through line to the Pacific Coast from
Omaha. _ ._
The stockholders of the Union Pacific
express themselves almost unanimously
in favor of this plan and its completion
is a certainty. Such an absorption as
proposed will make of the Union Pacific
and its allied branches one of the great
est, most powerful and influential railway
systems in the world.
It Ie said in railway circles here that
tlw next step will be the acquisition of
a line into Seattle, either by purchase or
by an extension of the Navigation line,
and that solid trains between Omaha and
Seattle will be running within a com
paratively short time. An official who is
in a position to know, but who will not
permit hi? name to be given, said to-day
it will be the rolicy of the new system
to route business to the Puget Sound
ports where the steamships from Asiatic
points touch regularly and this, of course
means a diversion of traffic from the old
channels. ______^____.
REJOINS CHINATOWN SQUAD.
Officer Herring Arrests an Armed
Highbinder Who Planned
Murder.
Officer Phil Herring has been replaced
on the Chinatown squad under Sergeant
Duke. His appointment was due to the
illness of Officer Hurley and to his excel
lent capabilities as a peace officer in the
Chinese section of the city. His first ar
rest yesterday was that of a dangerous
binder, Ah Sans, who was going
about the streets with a large gun. look
ir.K for one of his fellow countrymen.
Herring disarmed the man and took him
to the Central Station, where three
charges — carrying concealed weapons, va
grancy and aiding and abetting Chinese
lottery— were placed opposite his name.
910
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MONTANA BOYS
ONCE MORE ON
AMERICAN SOIL
Now in Camp at the
Presidio.
The six companies of the First Montana
Volunteer Regiment, D, E, G. H, X and
M, landed Irom the transport Zealandia
atPaciiic-street wharf at > o'clock yester
day morning, but it was nearly two hours
later when the signal for the long march
to the Presidio was given. In the mean
time Governor Smith of Montana ex
changed cordial greetings with officers
and men who have so creditably main
tained the honor of their State on the bat
tlefields of Luzon.
At 9:lo tho column got under way and
swung into East street, thence to Market.
The voiunteers and about 100 regulars
who came on the Zealandia were escorted
by three batteries of heavy artillery, a
troop of the Sixth Cavalry and Light Bat
tery C of the Third Artillery. The escort
was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel
Randolph of the Third Cavalry. The ar
tillery band headed the procession, fol
lowed by the batteries of heavy artillery.
Then came Governor Smith on horseback.
Senator Carter and other visiting: Mon
tanans In carriages and the six companies
of volunteers with Colonel Kessler in com
mand. Tho band of the Thirteenth Min
nesota headed the rear guard consisting:
of the cavalry and light battery.
Market street was thronged with en
thusia-stic spectators who cheered as lone
as there was a soldier in sight. As the
procession swung into Van Ness avenue
tho Montana boys caught sight of the
Thirtieth Regiment which was marching
to the water front to board the transport
Sherman. Instantly every hat was off and
the Philippine veterans gave three rous
ing cheers for the soldiers who were going
out to finish the work begun by them.
The soldiers of the Thirtieth appreciated
this spontaneous expression of good will
and at the same time voiced their admira
tion of the Montanas In answering cheers
that crack the panes in several windows
in neighboring windows.
At Bush street and Van Ness avenue
Governor Smith and staff fell out of line
and joined Major General Shafter in re
viewing the passing soldiery. Arriving
at the camp the soldiers were taken in
charge by the men of 'the South Dakota
regiment, who had a fine lunch prepared
for them. The Montanas have been as
signed to the camp vacated by the Cali
fomlans and there they will soon be
joined by the remaining six companies
of the regiment who are coming on the
Valencia. Nineteen convalescents were
removed from the Zealandia to the gener
al hospital at the Presidio during the day.
The battalion of the "Wyoming Volun
teer Infantry and the Wyoming 1 Heavy
Artillery were mustered out yesterday
and will start for home at 2 p. m. to-day
in a special train.
Batten D of the California Heavy Ar
tillery, which was recruited in Los An
geles, yesterday departed for the south
ern metropolis, where a grand reception
awaits the men.
The order for the Twenty-sixth Infant
ry. U. 8. V., t" pro id to Manila on the.
:i<»rt Grant haa been rescinded, but
the regiment will probably depart with
in a few days.
ter has modified his order
rp'Uiirinpr the members of the Fourteenth
Infantry, i ming on the City of
Para, to be mustered out at Angel Island.
They will be ta.k>-n to the Presidio and
■ • given their discharges. This will
th( Relatives' Association to give
a breakfast to ih<- California boys in the
regime?. t in the east iirv'' of the ferry
building as planned. There are 925 Calf
fornians on the City of Para and the med
al committee of the Native Son? will
probably make arrangements to preseni
service medals to the boys at the break
fast. A special meeting of the medal
comniitte* to discuss this matter has been
called for M
Private vrilliam Flannagan, Company
A Thirteenth- Minnesota Volunteer In
fantry, who died rat the general hospital
jit the Presidio of tuberculosis, was I
\v::h military honors In the Military t',>rn
POSITIVELY
$■■40 Per Share
For ptork that will bring $25 to $100
■bare when dU l» struck. Don't
delay. Our stock Is listed on the
OIL EXCHANGE.
All applications received up to mld-
nlffht of Monday, Seotemb«r SIS, will
>d at $1 40 per share, price then
advanced to $1 SO.
BIG PANOCHE OIL CO.,
Adams Building, 206 Kearny St.,
San \ rancisco-
OPEN MONDAY EVENING.
etery at the post yesterday. Private
Plannagan was a native of San Francisco
and enlisted in the Minnesota Regiment
as a musician Just before, its departure for
the Philippines. Private Edward Robin
.^■n. a discharged soldier of the Seven
teenth regular infantry, who died at the
hospital on Friday, was also buried In
the military cemetery yesterday.
The funeral of Second Lieutenant Joseph
R. Morse, Ninth United States Infautrv,
formerly lirst lieutenant of Battery A.
California Heavy Artillery, will be held
from the military ohapel at the Presidio
at I' p. m. on Tuesday. Members of Bat
tery A are requested to attend in fatigue
uniform. The interment will be with miU
tarv honors.
Major John T. Knight, quartermaster,
United States Volunteers, has been or
dered to report to Major General Otis at
Manila for duty. He will sail on the
Grant.
Major Lewis Balch. surgeon. United
States Volunteers, has been ordered to re
port for temporary duty at the United
btates general hospital at the Presidio
while awaiting transportation to the Phil
ippines.
PANHANDLE APPRAISERS
FINISH THEIR LABORS
TOTAL APPRAISEMENT IS OVER
FOUR MILLIONS.
Sealed Report Containing* the Value
Fixed on Each Subdivision
Is Confided to Mayor
Phelan.
The Board of Appraisers appointed to
appraise the real estate and improve
ments proposed to be acquired by the
city for the extension of the park pan
handle submitted their report yesterday
to the Board of Supervisors. The prop
erty appraised is subdivided into 330 dif
ferent pieces, owned by 316 different own
ers, and contains thereon 532 buildings of
all descriptions. Each of the 532 build
ings has been photographed In view of
complications that might arise by rea
son of alterations or destruction by fire
or other unforeseen circumstances.
J. K. Howell and O. B. Martin pro
ceeded with the appraisement of the real
estate and Henry Robinson, A. J. Raisch
and S. H. Kent with the appraisement
of improvements after having made in
quiries as to the rental income, insur
ance and the assessed valuation during
the last three years. The property own
ers were also consulted and Hied 120 state
ments, which will be indexed, bound and
tiled. ■
The appraised value of all the real es
tate in the district proposed to be set
aside has been determined to be the sum
of $2,572,665 73, and the total value Of all
improvements aggregates the sum of $1,
--676,724 75, a total of (4.249,390 50.
The board deems it Inadvisable to
make public a report showing the valua
tions agreed upon for each subdivision
and the improvements thereon and
for that reason filed with Mayor
Phelan a pealed report containing
an itemized schedule of the appraisement,
determined upon a cash basis, of each
item of real estate and of the improve
ments, set forth separately. They recom
mend that said sealed report remain with
the Mayor until such time as the city is
in a position to initiate the preliminary
proceedings necessary to acquire actual
title and possession of the property in
question.
The following schedule shows the ap
praised value of the real estate and im
provements in each block:
Western Addition— Block 72 real estate
$256,550. improvements $151,800; block 141.
real estate $229,625, improvements $149,800;
block 147, real estate $217,925, improve
ments $194,000; block 210, real estate $187,
--20150, improvements $147,240; block 220,
real estate $155,039 25, improvements $161,
--950; block 287, real estate $141,325, Improve
ments $146,350; block 298, real estate $142,
--862 60, improvements $163,932 75; block 369,
real estate $140,170, improvements $52.2;>0;
block 878, • real . estate $126,987 50, improve
ments, $61,350; block 437, real estate $119,
--762 50, improvements $119,660; block 44»,
real estate $131,950, improvements $67,910;
block 616, real estate $125,112 50, improve
ments $179,512; block 525. real estate $149,
--750, improvements $26,295.
Outside lands— Block 893, real estate
$41,425; block 368, real estate $21,660; block
296, real estate $24,625; block 271. real
estate $31,250; block 194, real estate $42,850;
block 169, real estate $39,565, improvements
$10,955; block 84, real estate $37,250, im
provements $2200: block I, real estate $9800,
improvements $6500.
'■■■ — . ♦ ■ ■ ■
A Good Man for a Good Place.
The Ferry Drug Company have secured
the services of Mr. Frank S. Grey, the
capable and genial pharmacist, who for
many years has been senior clerk of the
Owl Drug Company. The little drug
with the liig business at 8 Market
street pays the highest wages of any
pharmacy In San Francisco. *
Available Candidates Sought.
It is the desire of the Federation of
Mission Improvement Clubs to pick out
at least six available candidates. Irre
spective of party, to represent the Mis
sion district for the office of Supervisors.
With this object In view the federation
at a mooting last nijjht decided to send in
the names of six good men to the Re
publican convention and a like number
to th<» Democratic convention, in the hope
that they may be nominated. Should this
be done the federation will do all In its
power to elect those so placed on the
ticket. It is claimed by the Mission peo
ple that inasmuch as the Eleventh Ward
represents a third of the area of the city
and county it should be entitled to at
least six Supervisors.
If there were no other than the Old j
Government Whisky there would be
little business for Keeley Institutes and I
alcohol cures. *
In the Divorce Court.
James Sullivan has sued Mary Sullivan
for a divorce, alleging intemperance as
cause of complaint. Birdie Stephens has
been granted a divorce from Harvey
Stephens on the ground of failure to pro
vide.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur rapes, cloaks,
redlt. M. Bothschlld, 331 Foat it. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
AUSTRALIAN MUMMERS
INVADE SAN FRANCISCO
♦ "ft /T ANT a theatrical venture has gone from San Francisco to Austra- T
♦ II /I lia and many a star after playing an engagement here has gone
•* |\/| to Sydney, N. S. W., and supported by the local talent has scored «
♦ IV I a big success. The first dramatic company ever sent out by the it
\ XTA colonies, however, arrived on the steamer Marlposa yesterday. It
gj is the Maggie Moore-Harry Roberts Dramatic Company, and with «p
♦ the exception of Miss Moorf. who claims California as her home, all the j«
•5 members hail from Australia or New Zealand. \
<£ The company is composed of seventeen ladies and gentlemen who have jj
'a made successes in Sydney and other large cities of Australia. They played 4
£• in all the New Zealand towns and were given a most cordial reception, gg
+ In Honolulu they did so well that a two weeks' engagement extended Into 4
■j> four weeks and later the public of Hawaii was sorry to part with them. 2?
♦ Maggie Moore's name is inseparable from the play "Struck Oil." and the ♦
8S chances are that the company will open in it. The piece de resistance, how- *°
♦ ever, !s Lewis Scott's dramatization of Maxwell Grey's novel. "The Silence do
? of Dean Maitland." Mr. Roberts expects great things from this production. 4
o» The- dramatization was specially made for him by Mr. Scott, who is a leml- £♦
4 ing critic on one of the London papers and a well-known newspaper man. ♦
oa "Coming back to California is coming home," said Miss Moore aboard *?
the steamer yesterday. "I have made my homo in Australia for many, many ♦
£• years but my love for the Golden West has never abated a jot. Every S8
4 few years I came on a visit to San Francisco, but this is the first occa- ♦
°f sion on which I bring a company with me. I would like to open in the S3
4* new California because of the many pleasant engagements I played in the 4
£8 old California, and for the same reason 1 would like to open In 'Struck Si?
4 OIL'" It was my great success, and I would like to see if any of the San ♦
85 Franciscans remember it. I do not know how long we will stay in Cali- S8
4 fornia as our plans are somewhat unsettled. From here we will probably ♦
S? work 'our way East and then tour the world." W
♦ There was a marriage in Auckland, N. Z., of two members of the com- o«
a pany Mr Esmelton and Miss Riehm were made man and wife in St. Dom- 4
& inic's Church. They are with the company.
JUDGE McKENNA
TO ATTEND THE
CIRCUIT COURT
The Noted Jurist Now
in the City.
Justice McKenna of the United States
Supreme Court arrived in this city yester
day from Portland. Or., where he . has
been for some days past attending . the
sessions of the Circuit Court of Appeals.
Circuit Judge Morrow. Judge Ross of Los
Angeles- and Judge Gilbert of Portland
the other members of the court, preceded
him by a day. ;." l >,«.„„
The Court of Appeals convenes here on
October 2 and will be presided over by the
distinguished Jurist. So far there are
eighteen cases on the calendar.
This is the first visit Justice McKenna
has paid to San Francisco since his ap
pointment to the Supreme bench, and nat
urally his first action was to lea the
Palace where he is staying, and start out
to see the many friends from whose com
paniorihTp ho has been so long separated
Amor* other places, he visited tne Ap
,,,a s'-rV bulldfng, where he found many
f .mUiar fares and where he received a
rTu^^^'Kenna will remain here for
ceverrd days, during which time he will
bf the guest 'of Circuit Judge* orrow at
the Latter'B home in San Rafael
The career of Justice McKenna is one of
which any man might be justly proud
Beginning as a practicing attorney at
Suifun hi was sent to Congress from that
district and there worked side by side
with President McKinley By President
Harrison he was appointed to the Federal
Jud&ship of this circuit, and when a va
cancy occurred on the United States »v
prem'e bench through the death of Justice
Field President McKinley appointed him
to succeed that able Jurist.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
William Hill, the Petaluma banker, is
a guest at the Russ.
J. A. Louttit, an influential attorney of
Stockton, is at the Lick.
Dr. C. S. Clark, a leading physician of
Arroyo Grande, is staying at the Russ.
W J Berry, the Klondiker, Is at the
Lick, where he has recently arrived from
Selma.
A. Heilborn, a wealthy merchant of
Sacramento, is among the recent arrivals
at the Grand.
Charles C. Mclver, a wealthy wine man
of San Jose, is among the late arrivals
at the California.
Colonel W. D. Boyle, 17. S. A., is at the
Occidental, where he arrived yesterday
-with Captain J. W. Ltttell.
H. A. Preston, a prominent mining man
of Jamestown, has come down to the city
and Is registered at the Lick.
R. G. Crawford of the Pullman Car
Company is registered at the Occidental
from his home in Kansas City.
V. de Grosse, the Russian Vice Consul
to this port, has returned to the city and
is registered at the Palace with his wife.
Adjutant General Weaver of Idaho is
again in the city and is a guest at the
Grand. He will soon leave for his home
in Boise.
Joseph M. Campbell, a millionaire mer
chant of Trenton, N. J., Is among those
who yesterday placed their names on the
register of the Palace.
A. F. Vick Roy, chief train dispatcher
of the Union Pacific at Denver, Is a guest
at the Palace. He is visiting the city for
pleasure and recreation.
W. G. Hughes, a prominent and Influ
ential resident of Los Angeles, is among
those who arrived in the city yesterday
and went to the Occidental.
Dr. Alex Orr, one of the leading physi
cians of Oak Park, is staying at the
Grand, where he will remain during the
short time he will spend in this city.
Percy 1,. Sliuman of Chicago and W. B.
Thompson of Butte, Mont, two mining
engineers who have come to attend the
conference soon to be held here, are reg
istered at the Palace.
F. Herutevant and Baron de Bats, two
members of the French aristocracy, who
are traveling through the United States
on a tour of pleasure, are registered at
the Palace from Paris.
Edward S. Washburn. president of the
Missouri, Kansas and Texas Railroad, is
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife
Send the SUNDAY CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy.
and family. They are registered from
their homo in Kansas City, and they are
here on a tour of pleasure.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Cooper of Seattle are
among the recent arrivals at the Hotel
Richelieu. They will be at home to their
friends this evening.
"W. J. Moxham, an American resident
of Sydney, who has large mercantile in
terests in Australia. Is at the Palace. He
is in the United States for the double pur
pose of recreation and attending to some
big investments in which he 1b heavily
interested.
Abner McKinley, brother of the chief
executive, is expected to arrive here to
day or to-morrow. He is accompanied by
his wife and daughter and by William K.
Brown of New York, Wilbur Endsley of
Johnstown. Pa., and Ray burn C. Smith of
Philadelphia.
The condition of Senator White has
very materially improved and he is now
able to sit up and receive visitors. When
seen last night he denied the report that
his lungs had been affected, saying that
his illness was nothing more than a bad
attack of torpid liver. He will be around
in a few days as well as ever.
Colonel Rice of the Twenty-sixth In
fantry was tendered a serenade last night
at the Occidental by the members of his
regimental band. The band consisted of
thirty-two pieces, and it rendered some
very delightful music. Colonel Rice ap
peared on the hotel balcony and thanked
his men for the compliment they had paid
him.
Among the arrivals at the Grand is G.
D. Cummings, formerly a newspaper man
in Northern California. Mr. Cummings
sold his newspaper in Dunsmuir over a
year ago and went to the Klondike. His
venture proved successful and he has re
turned with a comfortable fortune gath
ered from two placer claims. He also has
a valuable qwartz claim on the El Dorado
fork of the Bonanza.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
■WASHINGTON. Sept. 23.— A. Rogers of
San Francisco Is at the St. James; Charles
A. Bauer of San Francisco Is at the Na
tional.
Special Values
In
silks ribbons
hosiery brushes
Each of the following items is unusual at
the price here mentioned — you will notice
this particularly when you see the goods:
Silks Ribbons
Satin striped taffeta, 22 Number 50, all silk taff-
mches wide, extra heavy, eta r jbbon, y£ inches wide
exceptional value for in assorted shades at
$1.00 a yard. 15c a yard.
Pekin stripped Mevilleux,
21 inches wide; the latest . T5 rilc l™
soft finished effect and only rSrilSlieS
$1.25. a yard. » A special purchase of a
Figured draperty silks 32 large. quantity of good nail
inches wide in a vast num- and tooth brushes allow us
ber of shades and designs at- .to make the following low
50c and 75c a yard. P rices -
India Silks," 22 inches T . t> x -
wide, in every conceivable Tooth Brushes
shade at regular price sale price
50c a yard. ;■ «<* each
Hosiery £ . 15c
Ladies' stainless . black
hose of extra quality with '
ribbed tops, high spliced Wail Brushes
heels and double soles; a regular price sale price
similar value has never each each
been offered in this city; 35 C 20 c ;
price but 40c 25c
*~% E< . . 6oc 35c
25c a P air - ; % HI
135 to 131 Kearny St.
STOLEN POISON
ALMOST KILLED
"DOPE" FIENDS
County Jail Prisoners
in Trouble.
A RAID ON THE PHARMACY
HUNTED FOR MORPHINE, BUT
GOT ATROPINE.
lijht Inmates of Branch No. 2 Vic
tims of a Mistake That Came
Very Near Proving
Fatal.
There are eight "dope fiends" in Branch
Jail 2 out on the San Joee road who will
not indulge in the luxury of a soothing
powder unless the same is plainly labeled
i "morphine" or comes through the hands
I of some one better acquainted with drugs
! than the prisoner who purloined atropine
! from the drugroom in the jail last Friday
night.
This resolve on the part of the "fiends"
was brought about by eight of them who
i enjoyed— or at lea^t thought they were
about to enjoy— a soothing dose of mor-
I phine, but took an overdose of atrupine
j instead. The Sheriff's deputies are mum
!as to how the atropine was purloined
. from the drugstore, but it is known that
I .Nat O'Brien. "Fatty" Bowen and Joe
j Cameron were hustled off to the City and
County Hospital at an early hour yester
day morning from the jail. "After arriving
there Dr. T. J. Crowley labored over them
for several hours, and after a free ad
ministration of strychnine and morphine
as an antidote succeeded in saving their
I lives. The other five, not having taken
so much of the drug, escaped with less
suffering and danger, and as a conse
quence were not taken to the hospital.
The three who were treated remained in
the hospital until yesterday afternoon,
when they were quietly carried back to
sr-rve out their sentences, which are for
J vagrancy.
CHIEF OF THE PENSION
BUREAU HERE FOR REST
GENERAL EVANS VISITS HIS SON
AT THE PRESIDIO.
The Government's Disburser Gives
Some Very Interesting Statis
tics Concerning the Magni
tude of the Depart
ment.
Among .the distinguished arrivals of yes
terday was Henry Clay Evais, United
States Commissioner of Pensions, who ar
rived from Washington and Is now a
guest of his son. Lieutenant H. C. Evans
Jr. of the Third Artillery, now at the Pre
sidio.
General Evans says he is here merely to
visit his son and to enjoy a short respite
from the constant strain of his official
duties in Washington. Though an ardent
expansionist, he will not discuss anything
pertaining to politics as he says he gets
enough of that subject at home and
wishes to leave It aside when he is out on
a vacation.
General Evans reports the bureau over
which he exercises authority as being in
an exceedingly prosperous condition, and
he gives some interesting statistics con
cerning the magnitude of the concern. The
distributions amounted last year to the
enormous sum of $13^,255,000, and it re
quired the services of a Commissioner,
fifteen chiefs of division and 1724 other
clerks to do the work.
Since the Spanish-American war there
have been 14,000 applications made and 303
allowed. This does not Include the wid
ows of the men who perished with the
Maine and who are being cared for at the
maximum rate.
General Evans will remain here about
a week and will then return East to re
sume his official duties.
DIED IN A FIT.
Balloon-Maker Villeneuve Passed
Away in His Lonely Room
Without Witnesses.
Henry A. Villoneuve, a. toy halloon
maker. 50 years old, was found dead yes
terday morning; on the floor of his room
in the rear of 522 Pacific street. He had
been .subject to fits for a long time and
the Indications were that he had died
from a hemorrhage in one of these fits.
Villeneuve was unmarried and left a bal
ance of $500 to his credit in the San Fran
cisco Savings Union. The body was taken
to the Morgue and an Inquest will be held.
The last time he had been seen alive was
last Thursday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— JL3STI3 —
We have now opened our full
assortment of NEW VENETIANS,
COVERT CLOTHS, BROADCLOTHS,
AMAZON CLOTHS, BEAVERS, LA-
DIES' CLOTHS, TWEEDS, GOLF
CLOAKINGS, BICYCLE SUITINGS
and ENGLISH CORDUROYS.
ENGLISH VENETIANS, In all the New Fall Shales
also Blacks. .sl, $1.25, $2, $2.50 and $3 yard
FRENCH BROADCLOTHS; in Light and Medium makes,
all shades and Blacks :
$1.50, $1.75. $2, $2.50 and $3 yard
GOLF CLOAKINGS In all the latest styles— a splendid
assortment $1.75, $2 and $3 yard
SPECIAL^
60 pieces 50-inch GENUINE FRENCH VENETIAN CLOTH,
18 different shades j also Blacks. . .Price, $2 uarl
SPECIAL :
10 pieces 54-inch BOUCLE CLOAKINGS, assorted color-
ings Price, $1.25 yard
111. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
'■^iiffiVffiifiVffiifffffiiiffifififfiiffiiffiVffffViViVffm
% There is no longer ||
% doubt about painless %
i dentistry* s|
j3g We have thousands to recommend our methods. ■£
35 i %
*=j|2 EVENINGS until 9. Sundays i^
|S Subset: or Teeth. "VAN VROOM" 2^
=2 painless extractions T ilil V l\\J\J X. "■—
<s^ free OO up mtl
3" fwh C s™ l ' ns ' £? "5c up " 7 Market St., Corner Sixth, jg
3 la^^W^s 7 ° Ur GEO - w - KLEISER, D.D.S. %
OPENING OF WALTER
MAIN'S BIG CIRCUS
UNUSUALLY LARGE AUDIENCE
CROWDS INTO THE TENTS.
Every Feature of the Show is Particu
larly Entertaining — Numbers
That Win Applause.
Walter Main's monster cirrus save its
Initial evening performance last night at
Recreation Park, corner of Sixteenth and
Folsom Btreets, and judging from the big: j
crowd that tiled Into the massive tents i
it is safe to predict that large audiences I
will be entertained at every performance, j
Every feature of the varied performance
is highly entertaining. Some of its vaude
ville features are ;ik good as if not better
than any Been here in years. The Liv
ingston family do a unique tumbling act
that wins merited applause from all sec- i
tions of the grand stands. Joe Harris' j
63-horse act is indeed marvelous.
The three La Petite brothers do a
thrilling act on the trapeze and one of
them, made up as clowns, makes a won
derful jump from the safe net to the
trapeze. LJI Perslate and nis troupe of I
performing pigs brought forth spasms of i
mingled appreciation and laughter.
Professor John H. Gill's band of thirty '
pieces furnished circus music that has no
place in the old stereotyped order that as
sails the ears days after the show has j
departed. It dispenses high-class music !
and after every piece everybody feels I
strongly tempted to applaud.
Captain Thompson's Rough Riders, all ,
of whom saw active service under Teddy-
Roosevelt in the charge up San Juan Hill
do some reckless riding and win rounds
of applause.
Mile. Burke does a toe revolving act in
midair that makes the nerves twitch and
the heart beat faster.
All in all Main's circus is the best that
has amused a San Francisco auuience in
many a year. A score of clowns are
prancing around the big- tent all the even
ing and they make more noise and cause
more genuine laughter in a minute than
a dog with a tin can tied to his tall wiuld
in a whole year.
Main's menagerie embraces every spe
cies of wild beast from performing mon
keys to the largest elephant in the world
J he sideshow is an unusually entertaining
adjunct to the big show. It contains
every known species of freak from the
midget to the fat man and the manage
ment hopes to secure before the show de
parts a man who writes names with his
fereath.
George Marks Missing
George Marks of 1317 Golden Gate av
enue has been missing; from home since
last Thursday. He is 22 years old, 5 feet
h\ 2 inches tall and weighs about 135
pounds. He has blue eyes and brown hair
and wore a. black Fedora hat and a black
suit of clothes when he left home.
Marks was struck on the head by high
waymen on Ellis street two months ago
and was robbed of some money. It is
believed by his relatives that the injury
on the head affected his reason.
i A carload of new Pattern i
| Carpets just received. Sewed, i
! laid and lined from 65c per H
I yard up. |
j You can pay for them little- i
! at-a-time. a
| THE J. NOONAN j
1 FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), |
I i017'W23 MISSION STREET, |
\ flbove Slxtb. I
Phone South 14. Open Ereningj. |
Everything
in
Fancy Glassware
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Importina; Tea Go.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
xoo Stores.
purr nni/ii Corner Fourth and
I ALL UIIVAI M "*«t. 6. F. Try
I 11 r r XII I U I our Special Brew
UMI liUlnl Steam and Lager,
VIII L. lIUIIIL-Bc. Overcoat* and
ValUea checked ire**♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
i Pages 11 to 20 1
♦♦♦♦.♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ +
WINTER RACING OPENS BRILLIANTLY BEFORE FASHIOANABLE
THRONGS AT THE TRACK OF THE CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Cromwell Gal-*
lantly Cap-:
tures the In-:
augural Hand
icap After a
Hard Race. \
Thousands of Men [
and Women, Hys- t
terieal in Excite- •
ment, Cheer the ♦
Victor and Its ♦
Rider. ;
THE winter meeting of the Califor
nia Jockey Club opened yesterday
at Emeryville under conditions
which augur well for the success
of the racing season. The crowd
"was large and fashionable. There could
Hot have been the suggestion of improve
ment in the card of the day. Thousands
thronged to the track to share again In
the Incidents of excitement and enthusi
asm which mark the races. Long before
It was time for the horses to face the bar
rier for the first race the crowd thronged
through the gates. The sounds of music
could be heard from the grand stand. The
Jockeys, clad in gay costumes, loitered
about the saddling paddock. Flags were
floating from the staffs upon the build
ings. After months of idleness and silence
the racecourse had awakened to a new
season of life and Jollity, of revelry and
jjood fellowship.
The throng surged through the gates
and made its way up the long avenue to
the grand stand. Soon the area was
usurped by fashionably gowned women.
and their escorts. There was the hum of
many voices, the confusion and babel of
words and laughter. The music gave zest
to spirits already at a tension. In the
clubhouse and on the lawn in front of it
was another crowd. The carriageway was
bright with vehicles and women in holiday
attire.
Pown in the bettir ring thousands con
gregated. The clink and rattle of grold
end silver told that the bookmakers were
busy and that even' the first race had
called forth the spirit that rules the place.
There was in it all a contagious excite
ment. Men were hurrying to and fro, the
band was playing an enlivening march,
men and women were chattering and
laughing. Then out from the saddling
paddock came the dainty animals that
were to contest for the first race. The
music was silenced. A hush came over
the grand stand. Jockeys, stable boys
and track attendants climbed to the roof
of the paddock. The crowd In the area in
front of the grand stand moved forward
toward the track fence. Slowly the bar
rier was lowered and the nervous, ex
cited horses were facing it.
It was a moment of Intense excitement.
There was for almost a minute a sup
pression of feeling that was more elo
quent than expression could have been,
and then liko a flash the barrier raised
and with a bound the horses* were off.
-As if by a common impulse, the thou
sands of men and women In the grand
ptand arose to their feet. A murmur that
burst into a roar of exclamation sound
ed. Handkerchiefs and hats were wav
ing. Women, oblivious to everything but
the colors of their favorite, jumped upon
chairs and benches and cheered on the
horses that in the distance seemed like
marionettes.
Then around the turn and into the
homestretch the animals came, their
hoofs raising behind them a cloud of dust.
"Whips were flashing in the air and de
scending cruelly upon the horses' backs.
Spurs were digging sharply Into their
flanks. The excitement of the specta
tors grew more intense. The cheers be
came louder. Nearer the wire the ani
mals dashed, and then the winner bound
ed past the winning post. In another mo
ment comparative silence reigned. The
reaction came as quickly as had the im
pulse to excitement. The crowds settled
back in their seats, some with the ex
ultation of having won, others with the
disappointment of loss; many with the
satisfaction of having witnessed a good
rare well won. It was a worthy begin
ning of the racing season.
But It was only tha beginning. The
SOME WHO SAW THE FIRST OF THE WINTER RACES.
— * <^ . . ■ ■' • . -
WAS WON AT
event of the day, the Opening handicap, j
was yet to take place. While thousands
of people had come in time for the first
race, other thousands were concerned
only to witness the big event of the day.
And after the first race they began to
arrive. They trooped into the grand
stand, mingling with the throngs that
were already there. And there were hun
dreds of familiar faces in the crowds,
men of affairs and women of fashion.
The second and third races were run.
Thousands of dollars passed through the
hands of the bookmakers. Everything
was life and movement and gayety. Spec
ulation and conjecture were rife. Every
body had his or her favorite for the big
event. It seemed as if the throng's spirit
of unrest entered the animals. They were
nervous, fractious and unruly at the post.
They danced in disorder before the barri. r
and with every moment of delay the great
crowd of watchers became more restless.
more excited in silent suspense. Then it
seemed as If the laboring attendants and
the Jockeys had succeeded at last in get- .
ting the animals into position.
The barrier swung upward, the horses j
bounded forward and the crowd shouted |
and applauded more in excitement than j
In approval. But then came a confused
murmur of disappointment. One horse j
had been left at the post. Back the others j
had to come for a repetition of the same
tiring f^rfnrmnnro. Again and again the j
starter strived to get the racers off on an
(.-finality. Jockeys were chlded and
warned. Horses were lashed until their
eyes flashed and their mouths became
flecked with foam. A second time the
barrier went up, but now four horses
SAS FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTESIBEU 24, 1899.
were left at the post. The strain of delay
was telling »upon the excited spectators
with every moment. Then a third and
last start was made and a hoars© cry of
exultation came from the crowd. All but
one horse had been sent on the course
upon even terms. Down the track they
thundered In a bunch. In the backstretch
they faded Into automatons, the rays of
the sun flashing upon the jockeys' colors
alone giving them individuality.
Around the turn they went, and then
just as they came into the stretch one
drew gradually away from the others.
The red, white and blue stripes of the
Jockey told that it was Cromwell. A great
shout went up from the grand stand. Men
and women cheered hysterically and with
word and action urged on the leader. It
was a desperate chase, but the others
were not equal to the plunging leader In
front. Tinder the stress of spur and whip
it passed under the wire a winner. The
big event of the first day was over and
with it went much of the interest of the
spectators. But most remained for the
fifth and final race, which closed a day of
splendid sport and marked encouragingly
the beginning- of winter racing in Cali
fornia,
CROMWELL THE VICTOR.
Decisive Win of the Handicap
by Purser's Horse — Other
Winners.
By F. E. Mulholland.
Of the racing itself nothing but praise
i can be said. The finishes were close and
exciting enough to suit the most fastid
ious turfite and the sport throughout
above taint of suspicion. Libertine at
odds on, Constellator and Mt. McGregor
II were the fallen favorites that caused
j the talent to sigh.
The opening handicap, at a mile, at
tracted a field of nine to the post and
was one of the prettiest contests from
a spectacular standpoint ever witnessed
at the track across the bay. Cromwell,
the victor, ridden in matchless style by
Charley Macklin, was neglected in the
rush to get aboard Mt. McGregor 11. the
entry of Burns & Waterhouse, which,
with Thorpe in the saddle, was played
down to 6to 5 favoritism. Unfortunately,
the stylish bay horse broke down with
the goal almost within reach, and the
turf has probably seen him for the last
time. Eddie Greaney and his friends
again pinned their faith and dollars on
the chances of Rosinante, and although
the mare run a superb race, met with
hard racing luck. Lost Girl, Jennie Reid
and The Fretter were not wanting for
admirers either.
At the post fully twenty minutes were
consumed before Ferguson swished his
flag to a start, owing chiefly to the ob
stinate antics of Lost Girl, Mamie G and
the favorite. Rounding the first turn there
was considerable crowding, during which
Thorpe found the largest opening and had
the favorite in front turning into the back
stretch, with Monrovia and Cromwell at
his heels. Overanxious, Mounce on The
Fretter now pulled up on even terms with
the leader, the pair racing head and head
to the stretch. A furlong from home, with
the field well bunched, the result seemed
In doubt, Mt. McGregor, The Fretter,
Mamie G and Rosinante all looking to
have a chance. McGregor cracked first
and opposite the paddock Cromwell drew
away, winning cleverly by a length. In
a fierce drive The Fretter lasted just long
enough to take the place from the fast
coming Rosinante. Hohenzollern never
seemed to get in his stride and his show-
Ing was probably a false one. The win
ner carried top weight and will be hard
to beat if he retains his form.
At the very outset in the five-furlong
scramble for two-year-olds Constellator,
a piping-hot choice, was downed a short
head by Druidess, the second choice.
Eddie Jones on the latter was quickest
to get his horse in motion and maintain
ing his advantage to the wire earned the
verdict In the hardest kind of a drive,
fairly outfinlshing Morse. John Millin ran
third.
It looked as if only a long delay at the
post could beat the fretful Midlove out
(if the second purse. Fortunately for her
backers, who accepted a short price, Fer
guson sent them away at the first line
up and the result was never in doubt, the
favorite winning hands down from Clar
! Pages 11 to 20 1
♦+ ♦ + ++++-f++ +++ + + + +4- + -»--*-+-
ando. February gave it up a furlong
from the stand.
Galen Brown will probably have to try'
his old stand-by, Libertine, at the sprint
ing distances, for the big bay seems to
be no longer able to negotiate a route.
Backed down to a 3 to 4 favorite he fin
ished third in a mile and a sixteenth with
but four starting. Possessed of early
i speed he cried quits at the stretch turn.
Fortis, piloted by Jack Ward and look
| ing hopelessly out of it at the start, won
hands down from Oralbee in the sail
home.
The concluding six furlong sprint went
to the favorite. Panamint, ridden by
Thorpe. Good Hope, the entry of Caesar
! Young, gave the winner a hard argument
for two-thirds of the journey and then
I finished second. Ruiz, who seems to have
I grown rusty, was third on Socialist.
TRACK NOTES.
' Nearly all of the books laid away some
money. The firms chalking prices were:
Johnny Humphrey, Schwartz & Co.,
Caesar Young of St. Louis, Oakland Club,
Phil Archibald, Hoffman & Co., Golden
Gate Club and Harlan & Co. Two field
books, in charge of Jerry Driscoll with
Sam Shaen and Billy Huber as block men,
accommodated the smaller bettors.
A telegram was received by the Oakland
Association yesterday from Ed Smith,
presiding in the stand at Stockton, stating
that Jockey Tullet had been ruled off the
turf. Tullet was charged with getting
left at the post on the horse McFarlane
in a race run at the Slough City on Fri
day.
Otey Evans handled the coin for
Schwartz & Co.
Billy Lyons booked under the name of
the Golden Gate Club, with George Suy
dam on the block. The wias of Cromwell
Success Marks
the Beginning
of the Season
and Augurs
Well for the
End.
Scenes and Inci
dents of Enthu
sia s m Which
Marked the First
Day's Revival of
the Sport.
and Panamint did not swell Billy's bank
roll to any noticeable extent.
While at the post on Rosinante in the
handicap Eddie Jones received a hard
kick on the leg that probably did not
improve his riding qualities.
Before racing began the riders were all
cautioned that they would have to line
their mounts up at the barrier, and any
violation of this rule would t-arn a line or
suspension. Ferguson's starts were all
that could be desired.
Clarence Waterhouse of the firm of
Burns & Waterhouse left some good fish
ing and hunting grounds in the northern
part of the State, where he has been rusti
cating, to be present opening day.
The Sacramento and Oakland races have
been issued In handy pamphlet form by
Egbart & Skinner, publishers of the Offi
cial Turf Guide.
Cromwell, winner of the handicap, nar
rowly escaped being cut down at the first
turn, a chunk being gouged out of one of
his hind legs.
The Daily Racing News, a gossipy turf
sheet, resumed business again last even
ing with the opening of the turf season.
Herman Hoffman, the popular St. Louts
layer of odds, arrived yesterday morn-
Ing just In time to cut In.
After a loner siege of what is termed
hard luck, "Curly" Shields broke the ice
by capturing a purse with Fortis. He
was congratulated by his many friends,
who hope the hoodoo has disappeared.
Lost Girl has been showing some very
smart trials on the track mornings, and
getting left at the post was a sad blow to
the mare's admirers.
Colonel Dan Burns is very sweet on
Mt. McGrpgor and after the latter's mis
hap yesterday will probably retire the
big bay horse to the stud.
Mr. "Williams received a telegram yes
Continued on Fourteenth Pape
STATISTICIAN APPOINTED.
Board of Health Sel€«ts Charles Ses
sions for the Place.
At a special meeting yesterday of the
Board of Health Charles Sessions was ap
pointed statistician of the board, the ap
pointment to take effect immediately.
Drs. Keeney, Coffey and Payne were
present at the meeting.
The place was abolished on August 1
and threw out of position E. B. Carroll,
who was recently made secretary of
the board In place of Leon Dennery. The
position has since been filled by John
Griffin, who has been paid the salary of
$150 a month out of the expense account.
Under the recent decision of Judge Hunt
providing for the payment of certain
health employes out of the general fund
the board decided to fill the position of
ficially and Sessions was selected.
Young Girl's Sudden Death.
Miss Evelyn M. Rupert, the 20-year-old
daughter of George R. Rupert, 747 Capp
street, died suddenly at the home of her
parents Friday afternoon of cerebral
hemorrhage following a stroke of paraly
sis with which she was seized the day he
fore while indulging in a mild form of
exercise. The funeral will take place from
the Third Congregational Church at 1:30
p. m. to-day. The remains will be cre
mated at Cypress Lawn.
Park Music To-Day.
Overture, "Son and Stranger" Mendelssohn
Concert mazourka. "Clematis" Kappey
Melodies from "Traviata" Vertl
"Child's Dream" Relnicke
Descriptive, "Shepherd's Life In the Alps"
Klin*
Overture. "Freischutss" - Weber
Selected xylopohone solo
Perfomed by William Forner.
Selection from "La Julve" Hafovy
Song and dance, "California Poppy"
Glickman
"Kansas Two Step" Pryor12
SOCIETY
HONOR to two fair fiancees was the
motive of a charming luncheon
inner on Wednesday last.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin gave an
elaborate luncheon at the Univer
sity Club last Wednesday In honor of
Miss Genevieye Goad, who is to be mar
ried to her son, Andrew Martin. on Tues
day. The luncheon was served at three
tables. At the first, which was decor
ated with bridal white flowers, Mrs. Mar
tin presided, with Miss Goad on her right
hand and Miss Hattie Bell Goad, who is
to be the maid of honor, on her left. At
the second table, where the flowers were
rose pink, Mrs. Osgood Hooker presided,
and at the third was Mrs. Marion P.
Maus.
The others present were Miss Ames,
Miss Genevieve Carolan, Miss Gertrude
Carroll, Miss Hortense Child*, Miss Mary
Crocker, MisS Caro Crockett, Miss Follis,
Miss Helen Hopkins, Miss Edna Hopkins,
Miss Jackson, Miss Mary Jolliffe. Miss
Ethel Keeney, Miss Fanny Loughbor
ough, Miss Josephine Loughborough,
Miss Edith Meßean. Miss Laura
McKinstry. Miss Rutherford. Miss Birdie
Rutherford, Miss Kate Salisbury, Miss
Margaret Salisbury, Miss S.chneely, ,Miss
Scott, Miss Carrie Taylor, Miss Eleanor
Terry, Miss Mary Thomas, Miss Helen
Thomas, Miss Beatrice Tobin and Miss
Celia Tobin.
The Misses Fanny and Josephine
Loughborough gave a dinner party on
Wednesday iast at the residence of their
mother, on the corner of Franklin and
O'Farreil streets, in honor of Miss Salis
bury, whose engagement to A. D. Kayes
was recently announced. Those invited
to meet Miss Salisbury were Miss Gene
vieve Goad. Mrs. Russell (nee Welch),
Miss Ethel Hager, Miss Keyes, Miss
Olive Holbrook, A. D. Keyes. Mr. .Welch,
W. B. Sanborn, Maxwell McNutt, Walter
Martin, Fred W. McNear, Percy King,
Frank Goad and Bert Cadwalader.
The wedding of Miss Genevieve Goad to
Andrew Martin will take place at noon
on Tuesday. Walter Martin, brother of
the groom, will be the best man. and Miss
Hattie Bell Goad, cousin of the bride, will
V- the maid of honor. There will be no
bridesmaids. The ushers will be Peter D.
Martin. Edward M. Green-way, Frederick
W. McNear and Addis,:-. Mlzner.
The wedding of Miss Martha Bell
Mb. ion, daughter of Major John B. Mhoon
ut Oakland, and Frederic English Magee,
Eon of Thomas Magee of San Francisco,
will take place on Wednesday, October
11, at i o'clock, at Trinity Episcopal
Church in Oakland. Miss Amy Marguer
ite McKee will be maid of honor and Miss
Florence E. Dunham, Miss Florence B.
belby, Miss Garter and Miss Helen Boss
will be the uridesmaids. Walter Magee
will act as best man and the ushers will
bu - tnuel McKee Mhoon, Samuel Bell
McKee, Thomas Vail Bakewell, Sheffield
ghumnay Sanborn, Frank B. King and
Horace Herbst Miller. The wedding will
be a quiet one, only the relatives ar.amost
intimate friends being invited.
Announcement has been made of the en
g-agemer.t of Miss Caroline Bosqui to
<Jeorgo \V. Borrowe. Miss Boaqui 19 the
youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ed
ward Bosqui. Mr. Borrow* Is the Bon of
Captain aud Mrs. William Borrowe of
bausalito. The wedding will take place
In the middle of October at the home of
the bride's parents in Ross Valley.
Announcement has been made of the en
gagement of Miss Elsie Hecht. daughter
ut Irs. Isaac Hecht, to lrwin J. Well,
ton of LfWls P. "Well.
•.. i Mrs. William Gerstle gave a
i.ini.er on Thuruday last at ihelr home in
bajj Rafael to a number at tnoir friends,
I : Morgan,
.'. : : ace Hecht,
■ . Mr. Una Mrs.
Man E. M. (jrtonway anC Wil-
Uana O'Connor.
They're engaged.
Th» lit is announced of Miss
Ida DecKer, daughter oi Mr. and Jlrs. K.
-r of Jl7B Park avenue, and Alfri d
f \ ancouver, B. C Both are now
in Berlin. Miss Decker has a contralto
. ellent quality and two months
at to Uerlin to reside with reki
there and ttuuy music, liie an
. her engagement c
Bi :r.n. Mr. Berg ia a wholesale im
liquora at Vancouver. He met
ker during a visit she made to
,vi, Mrs. L. yon Hartmanu oi Van
couver.
Mr, and Mrs. Cohn of Canada announce
the engagement of their daughter Kiale
to Bam i- rank of this city.
Mrs. Hannah J-i<!;ts announces the en
fcdfceintiit of her daughter Elsie to Frei
j... Lezinsky.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Frese of Mill Valley,
Mann Count}', announce the engagement
of their du.ug.iter, Scnta Frese, to \\ LLUam
Hinrlchsen of Monterey, Mexico.
The dding of Miss Adelia F. Killer to
James J. Schmlt of this city is to take
idacc on Tuesday evening, September 20,
ut t>i!t> Eddy street.
Tins engagement is announced of The
rc-sa M. Solomon, daughter of Louis Solo
mon, to Moe L. Hartman. They will re
ceive Sunday, October i, from 2 to 5, at
the residence of A. Fisher. 54U McAllister
btreet.
Wedding Bells.
John Lawrence ■> wry and M. Alice
ill wen married at iiiyh noon
"U edn< sdaj .Bi pteml er 20, I <lence
of th< Mr. and Mrs. .1. P.
Mason, SOS <;i- The m.v
a of tin- brid< .
:.-. daughter of State Librarian
J. J.. Gillis. The groom's I si man ■
r of the i i Ide, John P. Mackall.
ipte recoil • >i man; band
some and valuable presents, and after
lunch rtarted on an extended tuur through
uthern part of the State.
On the night of Saturday, the 16th hist..
the cozy little I^rench church, Notre
Uaines '••■- Vlctoires; on Bush street, was
brilliantly Illuminated and the altar
pretty with decorations of flowers, while
i ho church was crowded. The occasion
was the marriage of Miss Charlotte,
daughter of Mr. and Airs. O. Fouchy of
]tj Putnam placo to Eustbe P., son of Mr.
«nd Mrs. Charles Lille of Bay and Web
ster streets. At half-past S o'clock the
organist Intoned a march and the wed
ding procession moved up the center aisle
to the altar. Master Louis Lille and Miss
Lucie Lacoste, each six years of uge, led
the way. Then came the bride, attired in
a handsome white silk, with long tulle
veil, orange blossoms in her hair and
carrying a bouquet of white blossoms.
The groom on the arm of his mother. H.
Berres, groomsman, and Miss Elolse
Quedeus, bridesmaid; John T. Lacoste
and Miss Irma Lille and E. Lartigue and
Miss Madelaine Murphy closed the bridal
procession. .
After the ceremony and congratulations
the wedding party and invited guests re
turned to their carriages and were driven
to a rotisserte, where a diner de noce was
served to about sixty. After tho dinner
several hours were spent in music, song,
mirth and dancing. J. J. Applegate, an
old-time friend of the family of the
groom, delivered an address of congratu
lation, and* ho Was followed in the same
line by Hon. A. Goustiaux, the Consul for
Greece; Eugene Roblnet. G. Monnler, A.
Lacoste and several others. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Lille. Mrs. J. Anglade, A. Lacoste,
A. Nodet and J. Milocq favored with vocal
selections, and Theodore Roussinet gave
a humorous recitation, after which It was
"on with the dance" until 1 o'clock in the
morning:. The newly wedded couple will
spend the honyemoon in Santa Clara Val
ley, and on returning will make this city,
where both were born, their home.
The following named were the invited
guests: Mr. and Mrs. G. Monnler, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Lacoste, Mr. and Mrs. J.
13ernou, Mr. and Mrs. J. Anglade, Mr. and
Mrs. Henri Pottot, Mr. and Mrs. Peter
Callahan. Mr. and Mrs. A. Laeroix, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Debats, Mr. and Mrs. J. La
bataille. Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Wilkinson,
Mr. and Mrs. O. Fouchy, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Lille, Mrs. C. L.avergne, Mrs. E.
Saner Simon, Mrs. Harper Wilkinson,
Mr*;. E. Katz, Mrs. E. Grlnsingher,
Mrs. Mamie A. Sheehan, Misses Lucie La
coste, Emily Anglade, Helen Lavergne,
Elolse Quedons, Amelie Mathieu, C. Ran-
Bom, Blanche Mathieu, lrma Liile, Made
laine Murphy, Josephine Desprey, Mamie
Welch and Miss Wilkinson; J. J. Apple
gate. Sheriff Henry S. Martin, Hon. A.
Goustiaux, P. Triech, Louis Henry L
RoElgnol, E. Gresirgher, E. Blanquie, J.
T. I.ac.iste. Theodore Roussinet. L. J.
Masson, Henry gerres, J. J. Holland
James F. Sheehan, W. E. Kimball Nar-
Clsse Simon. E. T.artique, E. Robinet, J.
Mllocij, Alcide Fouchy, A. Thierry F
Laesere, o. Nodet. I/juls Thibault and
Louis Lille.
The marriage of Miss Hattl© Kron,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Kron, and Mr.
Shwarz of Napa, took place at the resi
dence of the bride's parents, 903 McAl
lister street on Sunday evening, Sep
tember 17.
The marriage ceremony was performed
by the Rev. Jacob Nleto. The parlors
were handsomely decorated with roses,
ferns and similax. After the ceremony
guests marched to the banquet room,
where an elegant dinner was served.
Speech making and toasts were the order
of the evening. Numerous telegrams
w< re read from friends residing in this
City and the interior.
After dinner the guests returned to the
parlors, where dancing was enjoyed un
til midnight. Mr. and Mrs. Shwarz were
the recipients of a great many elegant
and costly presents. The young couple
have left for an extended' trip to the
southern part of the State, and afrer
their return will make their home at
Third and School streets, Napa, where
they will be pleased to receive their
friends.
Moroe Gatherings.
The Misses May and Anna Shean gave
a most delightful reception at their home
last Thursday evening. The guests were
er.tertained in the reception 100 ms with
vocal and Instrumental music till half-
past 10, when refreshments were served I
in the dining-room. Covers were laid for |
twenty-two. Much amusement was de
rived from the favors received, after
which the guests repaired to the bal'
room, where dancing was indulged in till I
a late hour. Those present were Captain
Beely, Lieutenant McGurren, Lieutenant •
Goodoll, Lieutenant Potty, Sergeant Tur- I
tin. Mr. Dietrich of Menlo Park, Mr. and |
Mrs. William Ackerson, Mr. and Mrs. |
Thomas Curley, Mr. and Mrs. James E. |
Shears. Misses Nonie and Dollie Jen- |
nings, Miss Ulmer, Misses May. Anna ,
and Grace Shean, Messrs. Joe Brondens,
William F., Jarr.es and Frank Shean,
Mf. and Mrs. M. D. McLaughlin of 572 I
Minna street entertained a number < t
their friends in the First California
Volunteers on last Tuesday evening. The
residence was handsomely decorated with
American Hags and cut flowers. Dancing, j
music and games were enjoyed during J
the evening, and at 12 o'clock supper wis I
served. Every one was presented wit.i
an American flag.
Miss Oeraldine Scupham gave a delight
ful moonlight drive in Oakland on Thurs
day evening last to a few of her friends,
after which the whole party was enter
tained by Mrs. John Charles Adams (nee
Haskell).
A delicious supper was served under
rose-colored canaelabra, and the beauti
ful grounds of the old Adams homestead
were artistically lighted with Japanese
lanterns for the occasion.
A very pleasant gathering of the friends
and acquaintances of Mrs. Carrie S. Rob
inson assembled at her residence. 518 Ellis
street, on last Wednesday evening, their
object being to congratulate the lady on
her birthday anniversary. The evening
was spent In parlor amusements, games,
singing and recitations, after which a
sumptuous repast was served.
Mr. and Mrs. James Jordan celebrated
the tenth anniversary of their wedding
at their residence, 530 Castro street, on
Saturday evening. September 2. The I
house was beautifully decorated for the '
occasion. Dancing was in order until mid- '
night, when th© guests repaired to the
dining room, where an excellent supper
was prepared for them. After supper
dancing was again resumed and kept up I
till morning. The following were the
guests present: Mr. and Mrs. J. Fowzer
Mr. and Mrs. T. Millar, Mr. and Mrs'
H. V. Wniiston, Mr. and Mrs. P. F Zarn
mitt, Mr. and Mrs. J. Schutte, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Marshall. Mr. and Mrs. C O
Hermann, Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Luth Mr
and Mrs. D. Wilson. Mr. and Mrs J
Langmark Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Thomas',
Mrs. R. E. ■ Cole. Mrs. Berlin, Mrs. E
Hoff Buckley. Miss Katie Bchofleld, Miss
Toland, Miss Frankie Donohue, Mlbb
Sarah Donohue, Miss Ada Slink, Miss
Mollie Ryan, Miss Ella Murray. Miss An
nie Murray, Miss Tlllotelle Berlin. Miss
M. McGlllan, Miss A. McGlllan. Miss Ella
Thomas, Miss Hannah Llnehan, Miss
May McMahon. Miss Maggie Baldwin
Miss Blanche Baldwin, Mies Katie Bald
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
win. Miss Marie Hermann, J- A. Sulli
van F. J. Sullivan, F. J. O'Neill, p.
O'Neill C. O'Neill. Florrie O'Neill, John
O'Neill. Eugene O'Neill, Thomas Bree,
Mr O'Day, Mr. Beasley, T. rF. Killeen,
G. Bauer. J. L. Cahill. F. .Graves. Mr.
Brown, Ed Murphy, G. Berlin and R.
Mr. "and .Mrs.. Jordan, were ithe; recip-
Mr. arid Mrs. Jordan were the redp- !
ients of a» large number of valuable pres
ents suitable to the occasion. '
The residence of Mr. and Mrs. ., J. W.
Newbert, 318 Noe street, was the scene
of much enjoyment and mirth Saturday
evening, September 2, the occasion being
a reception tendered their son, Sergeant
F. W. Newbert, who has just returned
from the Philippines with the First Cali- ,
fornia Volunteers. The dancing- hall,
where dancing, recitations and songs |
were participated in, was beautifully dec
orated with the national colors; smilax
and rare exotics. The same effect was
carried out in the parlors and dining
room. Supper was served at midnight
and the jollification continued till dawn.
The Cakewalk was one of the features
of the evening and created great merri- :
ment. Professor G. Puckett and Miss L.
Newbert carried off the cake. The grand
friareh was led by Sergeant Newbert and
Mrs. J. Hayes. Sergeant Newbert was
the recipient of many beautiful presents.
Mips Gertruu-2 Bauer celebrated 'he
eighteenth anniversary of her birthday
by a party at her parents' residence, 41.';. ;
Seventeenth street, Monday, .September
IS. The parlors for the occasion were ar
tistically decorated. There ; was a largo !
number of the young lady's friends pres
ent. An hour of singing and dancing was
enjoyed, after which there was a sump
tuous supper. Miss Bauer was the recip
ient of many presents. .Among those pres
ent were Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Bauer. Dr.
and Mrs. F. Kemp Van Ee. Mr. and Mrs.
Hesthall, Mrs. Westerfeld. Mr. and Mrs.
Kllng, Miss Weaterfeld, Miss Nordman.
Miss Maas. Miss Sahl, Miss Boyl. Paul
Westerfeld, W. Kuss, C. Spect. C. B.il
gerenl. W. Kuss. Dr. Botsford. H. Busse.
May and Paula Bauer and many others.
On Saturday evening, September 16, at
the home of S. Sullivan, 718 Broadway, a
reception was tendered James Reiily of
Company A. First California Volunteers.
A very enjoyable evening was spent in
speechmakingr. feasting, singing and danc
ing and games. After the introductory
speech by S. Sullivan, William Anton
vich responded to the "Irish Race" and
Miss G. Kerrigan "The Fighting First."
A flashlight picture was taken by William
Watkins. Among those present --were:
Mrs. Sullivan. Miss K. Sullivan. Miss
Burke. Miss Fleming, the Misses Bheean,
the Misses Silva. Miss A. Peterson, Miss
Tasto. Mrs. Tasto. Miss Reardon, Miss
McAndrews. Miss McTahan, Mrs. Godkin,
Miss Quirk, the Misses Broderick, Miss
Smith, the Misses Powell, Mrs. Jones,
Mrs. J. Tavin. Miss O'Neil, Miss Wedel, !
Miss Werner, Miss IJnwaU, Mrs. J. Hale, I
Rose OTonnPll. Mlps Farn Kruer,
Miss Levy, Mrs. Levenburgr. Miss Kerri
gan, Mrs. Connlff, James Roilly, S. Sulll
van, William Watklns. R. Watkins. B.
Mullin, R. Sullivan, William Antonvlch,
Al Cristenson, M. Donigan, D. Sullivan,
H. Hunt, E<l Linwall, Mr. Zlpnel, J. Mo-
Nulty. F. Kunig, Al McCarly, William
Cunningham, C. Welskow, A. Gloria, P.
Quirk, J. Quirk, J. Hearty, T. Hearty, Ed
Mullenbv, >lr. Tevenburg, F. Bartrnan, P.
Murray. F. McEvoy, G. First, J. Murphy,
B. Jackman. M. White, T. Burke. William
Burke, J. Manning, Mr. Cooney. B. Bive
?ey. F. Zunel, F. McCloskey. Mr. Bow
man, M. Cross, C. Scheblc, M. Sherlock,
J. Favin, J. Hale. G. Barde. B. Donri
van, S. Campondieo, M. McGowan, H.
Meyers, A. Salvador, Steve Sullivan, F.
Mooney.
Ir) the Future.
The members of the N. S. L. K. 10.
have Issued Invitations for their tenth an
nual reception, to take place next Tues
day evening, September 26, at Cotillion
Hall.
"The Cotillon Club of "99" announce
the opening assembly and german of
their third season, to be held at Shermnn
& Clay's Hall, Friday evening, October 6.
Sailed Away.
Among those sailing on the steamship
Australia for" Honolulu on Wednesday,
September 20, were: Mrs. L. Andrews, G.
H. Angus, Miss M. Angus. William Arm
strong, Captain E. F. Cameron and wife,
E. J. Cotton and wife, Frank Curtis, Mlsa
Rose Daly, Miss A. S. Eckfeldt, W.
Forbes. F. W. Graham, William Green. J.
I. Grove, Robert Harker, Mrs. G. A. Hen
dricks. Charles Johnson/ E. A. Johnson,
Mrs. M. Kennedy, Hiram Kiley. J. L. Kil
worth and wife, S. W. Lederer, Mrs. W.
T. Lucas, Mrs. D. Maclean, Captain Wil
liam Matson. R. S. Moore, James O'Neil,
M. M. O'Shaugnessy. R. M. Overend and
wife. J. R. Parker, wife and two children;
R. T. Peel. N. 8. Sachs and wife, Mrs. H
Schou, Mrs. I. Seyde and child. Miss M. B.
Shaw. Miss Sheridan. Miss Gale Sheridan
H. F. Sturtevant, D. J. Styne. Miss J.
Tanner, J, B. Travelle. Mrs. Paul de la
Vergne. Mrs. R. A. Wellman, Miss Well
man, Miss E. Wellman. G. P. Wilder, C.
W. Yolland, wife and child.
■ . I — .
Most milliners make money mercen
alrly. Madame makes millinery more
merrily, many more majestically move,
many more materially minded Miss.
Madame manufactures more millinery
makes many more meritorious modes'
mixes many more materials modestly,
makes many mothers more magnificent,
make;" men's money more materialize
makes many maids minus millions more
model, modern, munificent, millinery
manage than all the other milliners put
together.
MME. ALMA E. KEITH.
808 Market Street, Phelan Building. ♦
Personals.
Dr. Joseph G. Tompkins and wife leave
on Tuesday morning for New York, where
they will visit the hospitals for a few
months.
Mr. and Mrs. William F. Ayres of 899
Noe street, who have been traveling in the
East for the past six months, will return
to San Francisco the last of the present
month.
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Warwick left on
Wednesday for New York City, where
they will make their future home, Mr.
Warwick being engaged with his father
as the Eastern representative of Beverai
large California vineyards. .
Mr. and Mrs. Adol'ph Kutner have re
turned from their trip abroad and will r>e
pleased to Bee their friends at the Gran
ada Hotel.
Clarence F. Manon has returned from
Mount St. Helena, where he has been a
guest for the past two weeks of Mrs. A.
Chiles and daughter at their country
home.
The first anniversary ball to be given
by the Verein Elntracht Turn SchwePtern
will take place this evening at Elntracht
Hall. 237 Twelfth street. _. .
The ladies of Emmanuel Baptist Church,
on Bartlett street, near Twenty-third, in
tend holding a "patriotic bazaar' in their
church parlors on the afternoons and
evenings of October 25, 26 ajid 27.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. McGibben have
returned from the East after a tour of
four months, during which they visited
Chicago. New York and Saratoga Springs.
Miss Rose Henley and Mipb Gertie
Smith returned from SacraTnento a'ter
spending two weeks at the State Fair.
They were chaperoned by Mrs. E. Eldred.
Mrs. J. I. Bornemann left for the East
Friday night, to be absent two or three
months visiting relatives in Bethlehem.
Pa.. Washington, D. C. and other Eastern
cities.
Mrs. M. G. Willard and daughter of Los
Angeles are visiting their parents, Mr.
and Mrs. George 11. Lee. 3000 Golden Gate
avenue, corner of Lagur.a street.
Dr. Henry Abrahm left last Wednes
day night for an extended trip abroad,
which Will include London. Paris. Berlin
and Vienna,
Los Angeles,
The past week has been a very busy
one in Los Angeles society circles and
not a day passed without some society
event of note. The chief factor of amuse
ment, however, was the benefit perform
ance tendered Battery D at the Orpheum
on Friday afternoon.
Under the chaperonage of Mrs. H. M.
Sale the Misses Marguerite Moore, Chris
tine Kurtz. Harriet Milner, Fanny Lan
gue, Katherine Kemper, Gertrude Mason,
Mary Darling, Ncra Steny, Jane Bryant,
Anna Higgins, Daisy Cross, Rose Hun
saker, Maude Tnnner, Lila Simmons,
Mary Babcock and Florence Silent sold
programme- and buutonnieres in thf beau
tifully decorated lobby. The whole house
prrspntfcd a mest brilliant appearance and
was decorated with the national colors in
flowers, ribbons and bunting. Society
turned out en maEPu to help swell the
fund for welcoming our returning heroes.
Among prominent society persons noticed
in the audience were:
In the war board box— General and Mr*.
Otis. Mr. and Mr?. J. R. Newberry, and
Mr. and Mrs. James F. Slauson.
In the bankers' box— Miss Freda Hell
man and friends.
In tliv San Gabriel box— Mrs. Granville
MacGowan, Mrs. A. C. Balch, Mrs. W. E.
Dunn. Mrs. J. Bowers. Mrs. W. G. Porter
; and Mrs. \\\ T. Bishop.
In the Times box— Miss Clara Cnandler
! and the children of H. Chandler.
In the Westminster Hotel box— Mrs. O.
T. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Flint Jr.,
Mrs. F. O. Johnson, Miss Harriet John
son and Mrs. A. M. Shields of San Fran
; Cisco.
In the Los Angeles and Pasadena Elec
tric Railway box— Mrs. G. Tomlinson.
! Mrs. Herman Hitt, Mrs. W. A. Smith,
Miss Grrta Hatch. Mies Fannie Lockhart
I and Milton Hammond.
In the Anif-ricus Club box— Prominent
i members of the organization.
In the Blinn and Stimson box— Mrs. L.
'W. Blinn. Miss Willard Stimson, Mrs.
; Irving L. Blinn and Miss G. T. Gay.
In the Newman Club box— Count Bo
zenta. Senator Del Valle, Dr. Maynard.
| I. B. Dockweller. J. C. Kays, L. A. Grant
and Josrph Scott.
In the Los Angeles Lighting Company's
box— W. C. Cline, Judge Cheney, Judge
Van Dyke, R. M. Adams, S. W. 'Garret
son and M. H. Burns.
In the orchestra chairs were promi
-1 nently noticed— Mr. and Mrs. O. W.
I Childs, Mr. and Mrs. Herman Silver. Mr.
and ilrs. F. W. Braun, Judge Owens,
Captain Cressey, Mrs. M. H. Newmark,
Mrs. E. F. C. Klokke and Miss May
Klokke, Mrs. J. W. A. Off, Miss Grace
Lankershlm, Mr. and Mrs. \V. H. Frank.
Miss Marie Gordon, Mrs. S. Hellman and
the Misses Hortense and Camille Hell
man, Mrs. J. Barnueh, Mrs. H. Newmark,
! Mrs. J. P. Newmark and Mr. and Mrs.
R. L. Stewart.
Miss Carrie Davis and Durward Starr
Griffin were married on Tuesday evening
at the residence of the bride's mother in
South Flower street. Only the relatives
; cf th© bride and groom and a few mi
i timate friends were present. Mr. and Mrs.
'■ Griflin left immediately after the cere
mony for the Grand Canyon of the Col
' orado, where they will spend some time.
; going from there for an extended trip
through the Northern States. Upon their
j return to California they will reside in
; Newberry, where Mr. Griffin Is consid
ered one of the most prominent young
men of the locality.
Miss Laura Works gave a dancing party
on Thursday evening at Casa de Rosas in
I honor of her house guests, the Misses
Katherine Hearne and Stella Klauber of
San Diego. About fifty guests were pres
ent.
Mrs. William Pridham gave a delightful
luncheon at the Redondu Hotel in honor
of MiS3 Ethel Valentine. The other guests
were: Mrs. J. W. Bowers, Mrs. Camp
bell-Johnson, Misses May Sterling, C lara
Carpenter, Angelyn Benton, May Ridg
way, Marita Seymour, McNab, Sargent
and McGoodwin.
Mr?. J. H. Humphreys and son have re
turned from Long Beach.
George E. Place has returned from the
Mojave and vicinity, where he went on
business.
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Patterson and
daughter. Miss Ida Patterson, have gone
to Columbus, Ohio, to visit friends. They
expect to be gone about two months.
Mr. and Mrs. Percy Schumacher have
returned to Los Angeles after having
spent the summer a.t their cottage in
Santa Monica,
Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Brown have returned
from Abilene, Kan., where they have been
visiting friends for the past month.
Mrs. George W. North, daughter Miss
Helen and son Edmunds have gone to
Palo Alto, where the two latter will en
ter Stanford University. Mrs. North ex
pects to remain for the winter.
Judge Gardner and family, who have
been at Santa Monica during the sum
mer, have returned to Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Haines have re
turned from Terminal Island.
Miss Eva Alexander is In San Fran
cisco visiting- relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Summer have re
turned from "Rudder Grange," their cot
tage at Terminal Island.
Preston Forrester has gone to Coronado
for a week.
Mr. Ganz, the Mayor of Phoenix, AHz.,
who spent the summer at Santa Monica,
has returned to his home.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Schwartz and daugh
ters have returned to Los Angeles after
having passed several weeks at Santa
Monica,
W. F. Burbank is at Santa Monica for
a few weeks.
Dr. George L. Cole has returned from
Europe, where he has been sojourning
for several months.
Edward S. Warren has returned from
the East, where during his vacation he
visited New York, Boston and Washing
ton.
Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Bishop have re
turned from their summer outing at
Santa Monica.
Willis Ames, manager of the California
Ladies' Quartet, has returned from the
seashore.
Miss Genevieve Smith and Miss Kath
erine Landt, who have been visiting their
friend, Mrs. John Gay, in San Diego,
have returned to Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Binford are spend
ing several weeks at Long Beach.
Mr. and Mrs. F. K. Rule have gone
to San Francisco for a short stay.
Mrs. F. H. Pattee and Miss Eleanor
Pattee have gone to Europe. They ex
pect to remain about a year.
Mr. and Mrs-:. S. Nordlinger are in New
York for several weeks.
Mrs. J. W. Bowers of San Francisco Is
at Bellevue Terrace for the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. O. G. Cates Jr. have gone
East.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Mitchell have re
turned from Bear Valley, where they
spent the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. F. F. Davis have re
turned from the north, where they spent
several weeks in San Francisco, Del
Monte and Monterey.
Mayor Kingman and wife of Riverside
have returned to their home after having
spent the summer in Los Angeles.
Mrs. C. F. Saunders and Miss Grac^
Saunders are at the Hotel Catalina, after
having spent several weeks at the coast.
Miss Belle Beatty of Oakland la the
guest of her aunt, Mrs. R. A. Kerr. She
expects to remain in Los Angeles for a
month.
H. W. Hellman and family have re
turned from Alhambra, where they spent
the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Reusch and child
have returned to their home in New York.
Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Warner and daugh
ter. Miss Edith Warner, have returned
from Catalina, where they spent the sum-
Dr. and Mrs. Klrkpatrick have returned
from Terminal Island.
Miss Eva Bond of Toledo, O. t is the
guest of Mrs. J. W. A. Off.
Miss Gertrude Fairbanks, who has been
visiting friends in San Diego, has returned
to her home.
Colonel John R. Berry has returned
from the north, where he spent three
w< i ks.
Miss Helen Judson was the guest of
Mrs. C. F. Winters at Alpine Tavern dur
ing the pnst week.
H. B. Ashley, wife and son. L. L. Ash
ley, have returned from a pleasant so
journ at Long Beach.
Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Baker, who have
been visiting in Los Angeles for several
weeks, have returned to San Diego.
Dr. and Mrs. Kurtz and family have re
turned from Santa Monica.
Mrs. M. E. Griswold has gone to Coro
nado for a short visit. - .«.
Mrs. H. V. Carter, son and daughter
have returned from Canada, where they
spent the summer.
Mrs. Milo Tucker, who has been visiting
Mrs. J. W. Rlley in Riverside, has re
turned to Los Angeles, bringing with her
Mrs. Riley. who will remain here for a
few days as her guest.
Edwin Bodman. who. has been spending
the summer with his parents, has re
turned to Philadelphia, where he will re
sume his studies in the medical college.
Mrs. B. Lauchman announces the en
gagement of her daughter, Miss Eva
Lauchman, to Gus Goldsmith.
Senator Del Valle and Colonel J. W.
Mitchell have returned from the Senator's
ranch in Ventura County, where they had
an enjoyable outing of a week.
Mr. and Mrs. L. R. Christopher are In
San Francisco for a few days.
Mrs. B. I.achman announces the en
gagement of her daughter, Miss Eva, to
Mr. Gua Goldsmith of Los Angeles. They
will receive their friends Sunday. Sep
tember 24, at 1022 South Figueroa street.
At the Resorts.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests have registered here during the
past week: B. Butieriely, A. Adelstein,
Patrick Lonchor, J. B. Layng and wife,
Mrs. A. J. Strive, John Corrall, Charles
Thompson, W. G. Goodman, Edward
Clark, Frank L. Triest, R. Monro, J. Sui
llvan, J. Sarthon, Mrs. C. Callahan. Mrs.
M. Demartini, Jnmes Monohan, Edward
Rogers. C. Ramband, A. B. Arnold and
Charles Becker, Suisun; Mrs. C. W. Sand
strom and Mrs. P. Bowers, Stockton; E.
O. Slakery. Merced: D. "W. Staley, Sid
ney, Or.; Mrs. W. B. Goodman, Isleton;
Otto Peterson. Miss Ethel Reier. Mrs. H.
Hayman, V. Merango, P. Cavallairo and
wife and E. Gerichten, Portland, Or.;
George Hansen, Berkeley; Mrs. F. This
by and Ambrose Maungo and wife, So
noma; A. A. Brown. Hugh Lonohor, John
G. Blair, Phil E. Goslinsky, Miss Josie
Strive, D. H. Boyle. Charles F. Pracht
and wife. Mrs. J. Morton, Fred Lind
strom, T. C. Ragsdale, Mrs. M. Cline
Madams Neerjaard, pupil of St. Gerualn,
■clenUflc palmist; reading:, by mall, Jl; office
hours 1 to 8 p. xa. SIS Geary St.. above Jones;
classes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BLACK
DRESS
GOODS.
A close inspection of our show-windows will prove the
exceptional value of these goods at the prices quoted.
EXTRA SPECIAL— I case 47-in. all pure wool English
Storm Serge, at 60c per yard.. v
NEW COLORED DRESS GOODS -46-inch French
Novelty Camels' Hair Plaids, stylish designs, at
/ $1.25 per yard.
Iff PIECES HE AW TABLE DAMASK- 72
Inches wide; new patterns in white and cream; special
at 60c per yard.
LADIES' TAILOR-TWADE SUITS-In fine Import-
ed black cheviot; new style of Jackets, lined with
taffeta silk and elegantly finished with four rows of
stitching; tunic skirts to match Jackets; at $35.00
each.
LADIES* HANDKERCHIEFS- 150 dozen Ladies*
White Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs. Thesa
goods are of fine quality, and will be found a special
> bargain at 5c each.
• 150 dozen Ladies' Sheer Lawn Hemstitched Initial
i Handkerchiefs, with lace and embroidered corners*
also a special bargain at 5c each.
(MIF Murphy Bulldfngv /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Fred C Burßdorfer, B. Sarthon and Miss
Carrie Callahan, San Francisco; Paul De
martin!, Redwood City; John Junoy, A.
J. Broekington, Grass Valley; Julie Py,
Uvennore: L F. Shelly^ A. Bowers. Mrs.
Frank Moffatt and B. F. Hormung, Oak
land; F. Trigeiro. Marysville; A. Meringo
and wife and M. Cinnato, Sonora; Mrs.
James Smith. Sacramento.
PARAISO SPRINGS— Following are the
arrivals for the past week at the springs:
Charles Fredericks. L. R. Ellert, g Pon
ton de Aree, P. L. Butler, Miss Ajinie
Ackermann. P. Crowley, Knut Jernberg.
Mr. Irwin San Francisco; J. R. Johnson
Oakland; W. D. Parker San Jose; Charles
Demange Jr., Charles Demange ?r. Sole
dad; Mrs. C. W. Dana. Miss Sela Dana,
San Lais Obispo; Mr. Dond. Alias Dond,
Miss Pardee. Monterey; John T. Porter,
Pajaro; M. de Ixmg, Happy Valley.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests have registered at Gilroy Hot
Springs during the past week: Frank J.
Veen, W. G. Wreden and wife it.. H.
Goetze and wife, H. Hnrman and wife,
Mr and Mrs. N. Aman and child. A. M.
Goodrich, John T. Wilkins Amos R.
Thompson. Mrs. A. E. Armstrong, Miss
Vivian Armstrong, Mr. and Mrs. E. P.
Lilli. Mr. and Mrs. Anglade, Miss Amelia
Anglade. San Francisco; H. M. McCabe,
P. Cros, San Jose: G. W. Hagemann, Bells
Station Miss Mary K. Kellv, Mrs. J. B.
Bheely, Mateo Lettunich and wife, «at
sonville; E. D. Crawford Gilroy; AMUiam
"Walker, Joseph Princevalle. Santa Cruz,
Charles Poliard. Boulder Creek; Arthur
H. Morrison, Alameda,
HIGHLAND SPRINGS-Late arrivals
at Highland Springs include: D. Becker,
the Misses Becker. L. V. Peterson. J. J.
Collins and wife. A. J. Donzel. Mrs. John
Sloan, J. R. Sloan and wife, August
Wei he. Miles Wallace, S. S. Fellows, Mrs.
S G. Gale Jr., Miss L. M. Osborne, Ed
word McGrath, A. Hammerslag, A. Sil
verberg, C. B. Sloan. Mrs. E. 14. Block,
Mr? J. L. Bradbury. San Francisco; Miss
A. Blake. Miss E. Pomeroy, Max Schultze.
A L- Merriman and wife, John S. Maxwell
and wife, Edward Welti, H. E. Jeffrey.
R Bahls, W. E. Dean. Milton G. Per
kins T,. Williams. Charles Wagner, A. B.
Champion. Oakland; S. T. McElroy, Seat
tle 1 William McCann and wife, Dixon; S.
J Maggetti. Marshalls; W. A. Clinch,
Grass Valley; P. S. Teller and wife, Ala
meda.
i Gray ;
Hair ■■;■
: Restored Hr 11 :
1 without ' 1
1 the use of a dye. and without 1
1 I the slightest Inconvenience. - ,N
c YV^?^^ffi IfuClx !;
MRS. NLTTIE HARRISON'S purchase **£ I 1
LATFST TORTRAIT bottle of Mrs. (J
V ' Nettle)
Harrison's 4-day Hair Restorer a single I
1 treatment will be given FREE. One treat- i,
/ ment is sufficient to give the hair Its nat- i,
ural color. ■ ■ '
!"^ 4-DAY HAIR RESTORER -/,
', is not a dye, leaves no sediment or stick!- '1
I ness, and can be used without fear of 1
i' after effects. It Is cleanly to use and re- (
1 1 stores gray or faded hair to its natural (
' color and gives it the brilliancy and luster (
of youth. One dollar a bottle. /
> LOLA MONTEZ CREME %*<?&£* !|
\ builder and beautlfler. My own clear 1 1
1 complexion and healthy skin is due to it« I
1 use. 75 cents. I
1 FREE TRIAL POT. |.
Ladies out of town sending this ad and 1
10c in stamps will receive my book of In- 1
structions and a trial pot of Lola Montez <
Creme and a box of face powder free. 1
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR \,
Permanently destroyed by the Electric 1
Needle as operated by me. ■ 1
I MRS. NETTIE HARRISON j!
, DERMATOLOGIST, ,'
1 40-42 Gsary St. San Francisco. \
J_j — _, — _ — , ,-,-„-,-,«- -.- --- - - -L-n-u-LO.n.n.nJ
The gj£t Hotels
The covered passageway connecting these
two immense structures places under one
management 1400 rooms, more than half of
which have baths attached. ■ ■
Those who appreciate exclusive clientele,
perfection in cooking, efficient service, and
close proximity to business and amusement
centers can obtain these requirements here.
European plan, $1.00 up. American plan,
J3.00 up. John C. Kirkpatrick,
■ ■ Manager.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting ths
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or , longer by prepaying - for san»
"at the Business Office or by order through
carrier. \ ..- r'-h~j.
■ ...TERMS...
15 Cents ...........:.per Week
65 Cents ............pep Month
rosTAoa rREPAID.
When requested, the resorts mentioned
In this column will send you circulars
giving full Information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc. When writing please mention
The Call.
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are I Hotel
and assured I del
Pleasure at j Coronado
Bend for Pamphlets, Terms, Eta.
Reduced Summer Rates now In Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery st., 8. F.
../ETNA SPRINGS..
For grand scenery, invigorating
climate, health-giving waters and
good living spend a while at /Etna.
Rates. $10 to $14 per week; S. P. to St. He-
lena at 7 a. m. or 4 p. m. private rig to
springs; round trip. $7. Apply W. L. MITCH-
ELL, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., or 3. H. SIMP-
EON, I. O. O. F. building, San Francisco.
PARAISO
HQT SPRINGS
For the relief and cure of Rheumatism,
Gout, Diabetes, Brights and other renal
complaints, Asthma, Obesity and Chron-
ic Catarrh.
For further information address
J. PERRAULT, M.D.,
PAR AISO SPRINGS.
Or office, city, No. 336 Sutter st.
1 HOT SPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY i\i HOURB
from San Francisco and but 9 miles' stag-
ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath in State; swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mail and express: FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE: morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $3 50. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
'THE best Deer Hunting, Mineral "Water*.
■ Baths and accommodations in Lake Coun-
ty can be had at Highland Springs.
Fall terms, $10 to $12 per week. Come white
the hunting is good. J. CRAIG. Manager.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spat to Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
Ini». Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee, in the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The ideal spot for families
because it is clean, no poison oak, no pests,
and pure air and pure water. Address MRS.
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
Go to BYRON HOT SPRINGS.
The Hot Mineral Bat. is will cure your
• Rheumatism. Address A. BETTENS, at
springs, or call on LOMBARD & CO.,
agents, room 30. 22^j;_Oeary st.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms, good
boating on lake; boats free to guests, prices
reasonable. $S to $10 per week; special rates for
families. .W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better in Lake Co.; gas indoors and
out. " H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
T«'° TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
* *"v ™ e « s fain at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSjON^Napa Soda Spring! P. O.
HOTEL SANTA CRUZ. Santa Cruz, Cal.
First-class . Family and Commercial Hotel.
1 his hotel Is located on the corner of Locust
and Vine streets, one block from the Court-
house. Rates. $1 to 2 per day. Special rates
to families. CHARLES HENDERSON, 304
Montgomery st. :
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
united States, postpaid, for $1 per year.ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNUSUAL EVENT!
BARGAINS IN NEW GOODS.
THIS WEEK, beginning to-morrow, we will offer epeoial lines at PRICES whioh
would be considered a great bargain at the end of the season.
$15.00.
M BLACK AXD NAVY ENGLISH "WORSTED SUITS, latest style, tight
fitting, double-breasted. Jacket Pilk lined, skirt mercerized, high-
grade tailoring, perfect fitting; regular price $25.00; extra
special 915.00
56.00.
60 GOLF CAPES, latest style, our regular $7.60 value; extra
special, 95.00
$7.50.
40 GOLF CAPES, combination plaid, our regular $10.00 quality; extra
special 97.50
$8.50.
80 TAN KERSEY JACKETS, double-breasted, fine tailoring, perfect fit-
ting, newest cut; regular price $11.00; extra special $S.oO
$3.60.
E0 MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S GOLF CAPES; regular price $5.00: spe-
cial 93.50
$4.50.
24 BLACK! TAFFETA SILK WAISTS, fancy colored front, tucked front
and back; regular price $6.50; extra special $4.50
$5.50.
60 PLATD SKTRTS, newest style, double lining, corduroy binding, tailor
made; regular price $5.00; special 93.50
5£8.00.
40 ENGLISH "WORSTED SKIRTS, latest style, handsomely braided,
tailor made; regular price $6.50; extra special 95.00
$12.50.
40 ELECTRIC SEAL ASTRAKHAN YOKE CAPES, good quality,
trimmed with nine tails, lined with extra quality fancy taffeta silk;
18 inches long; regular price $16.50; extra special 912<50
GOLDEN GATETLOAirAMr SUIT HOUSE,
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NATIONAL FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 31st day of December, a.
I>. 1898, and for the year ending on that day,
be n;a<> to the insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 010 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash . $1,000,000 00
.
ASSETS.
I>aJ Estate owned by Company $306,650 S3
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 810,890 9T
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 2.838,393 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, StocKs and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office 718 81
Cash in Banks 260,165 71
Interest due and n^cru^d on all
Stocks and Loans
Interest <luj ar.d accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums In clue Course of Collec-
tion 425.680 »1
mils receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks...
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid...
Total Assets.... $4,642,499 73
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $98,327 53
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 67.535 91
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 26,067 76
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,524,441 OS;
re-insurance 50 per cent 762,220 54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,914,-
-045 65; re-insurance pro rata 990,189 66
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, ;
re-insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, ; re-insurance 50
per cent
All other demands against the Com-
pany 167,850 58
Total Liabilities $2,112,791 S8
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,096,83} 96
Net Cosh actually received for Ma-
rine premiums
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 48,189 32
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Storks, Loans and from
all other sources 141.3 61
Received for Rents 1,48? 91
Profit and Loss— Agent's Balance... 351 58
Total Income : $2,258.260 41
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $135,429 08, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,094,747 59
Not amount paid for Marine Losses
(including , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 405.478 20
Pnl'l for Salaries, Fees and other
chart for officers, clerks, etc — 180.178 98
Fald for State, National and local
taxps 72.23142
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 880.663 31
Total Expenditures $2,233,199 60
losses Incurred during the year. fire. 51,119,688 78
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
y ,ar . . . r $259,256,712 $2,633.806 95
Net- amount of Risks
expired during the
year.. •■ 224,583,507 1.584.542 66
Net amount In force
December 31.189« 320.118,172 8. 439.586 96
JAMES NICHOLS, President.
E O. RICHARDS, Secretary.
Subscribed and (worn to before me, this 22d
day of January. 1893.
«ay -iL" FRED B. SEYMOUR.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT :
409 California St., San Francisco, Oal.
CEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. Ass't Manager.
CITY AGENCY I
SOS Sanßome Street,
Henry C Ahpel <fe Co., Agents.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GRAND HOTEL.
t-.,. Tt'«t*t & W, Sacto M Hecket. Germany
Mrs J Smith & s, MtajJ L Weaver. Bols.
Mrs" 3 McNaught, Mia A Webb, Seattle
( r ' t Kar, Montane J Fijilayson Hoa.dsbe
( up TlVorne &w. Mta Mrs Sheers Los Ang
it n wheeler, Rtanfr-1 X Foley, Monterey
t a ctpver.s, Oakland I A Hllbron. Saoto
T Srri'th Idaho F Johnson & .Cal
V ,/ ,;„ BakerKfleldiAV F Maggard. Cal
J Morton & W, ValleJoJC P. Heath. Vallejo
Mlfb W Tripp' Vallejo Miss M Heath. Vallejo
MIS fitll««. Val'eJo Dr Orr. w& s, OakPk
ii r Hal L«s Anj? E M OUT. Pinole
i, w Crow Hollister Mrs Irish. Sta Cruz
m ni'ii - Folsom Hattle Irish. Sta 9" 1 "
f Dunphy Sacto C I Wright. Sta Cruz
> \i Con.pton. Chlco C P Allen Jr. Stanford
A pavmoni Stanford E 1 Thayer, Stanford
i WBoS, Stanford J F Falnoy. Los Ang
tb Frr'th & w. S J»e H Derrick. Vallejo
n Thwalta & w' S JseiW G Harrison. Stanfd
i'; ? ?«nrlrlck P GrvejO Webber, Los Ang
U C FW & w. Nlpomo X B Lyon. USA
I 1 Wood Xipomo I.T McCauly, Chicago
V A LatWop; Sn Ardo J Rubs-M. Newman
* M PeVrt roller" Cy W Hauman. NT
t « %reuson. RehstriL A Bpltz«r, Ban Jow
NEW WESTERN hotel.
Tim F-anklln Portland 0 L Healer. Denver
m~ v£hoß Portland C C Chlnn, Denver
E"v an- % Frieno J Edmonds. Los Ang
i) M Cole. New York T Kennedy. Sta Rosa
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— the
Springfield Fire and Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OF
Massachusetts, on the B]«t day of Decem-
ber, A. D. ISSS. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the provi-
sions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL,
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash ..$1.500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $131,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 752.790 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,318,165 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 84.275 00
Cash in Company's Office 20.17? 99
Cash in Banks 119,266 34
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 81,810 92
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 20,466 46
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 288,57183
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued »88 17
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 7,144 €3
Total Assets $4,774,668 39
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $29,774 11
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 128,656 49
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 12,157 31
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning: one year or less, $1,195.-
-545 75: re-Insurance 60 per cent £97,772 87
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,803,-
-931 31; re-Insurance pro rata 851,983 84
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks; re-insur-
ance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Tims
Risks; reinsurance 60 per cent
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 57,714 37
Total Liabilities . ..$1,678.088 99
INCOME. * '
Net Cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $1,788,219 16
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 87,134 95
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 143,354 75
Received for Rents 4.794 02
Total Income $1,970,502 88
EXPENDITURES. :
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including; $132,633 65 losses of pre-
vious years $934,670 16
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including losses of previous years)
Dividends to Stockholders 150.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 835,928 63
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 107,894 17
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 78.867 32
All other payments and expenditures 217,300 74
Total Expenditures $1,827,661 07
Losses Incurred durlnjr the year,
fire ■ $351,152 44
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. [Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $211,049,678 $3,178,027 84
Net amount iof Risks
expired daring the
year 192.417,221 X. 27*. 681 77
Net amount In force •
December 81. 1898 026.971; 2,799.477 06
A W. DAMON, President.
8. J. HALL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21at
day of January, 1899. P. S. BAILEY,
Notary Public
Mrs M Cole, New York J L Cliff. Sacto
Miss O Cole, New York T J Dalton, Fresno
Mrs Armstrong, Or T Maynard. Bakersfld
J M Gerogre A w, Or G A Barmerman. Cal
W E Reavis, San Jose J G Clements, Oakdale
D W Church, PocatellolA J Merrltt, Manila
C Ackormtn & fm, Call
PALACE HOTEL.
L. Rosenberg. NT II Nelson. Australia
J H Rohxbacher. USA F W Saunders, Aus-
X F Weed, Boston , tralla
J T Knight. USA T Mrs J C Drake, L An;
R A Trimble, Cal J A Chanslor.Coallnga
R W Jones. Salt Lake .1 M Washburn. Mo
O Lavagnlno. 8 Lake IS X Washburn. Mo
F Sturtevant. Paris MrsE F Washburn, Mo
Baron de Batz, Paris . Miss E B Van Brunt,
A N Godfrey, Menlo I 'Kansas City
J H Codgaardt. NY J I Kelly, Mass
H Henock. Chicago Mrs H C Gulteau, L A
J F Farraher, Yreka J R Martin, Los An«
D Biers. NY V B Stewart. Los Ana;
R H Miner. Los An g C Jones, Los Angeles
Mrs RII Miner, LA A B Burns, Ariz
T M Schumacher. Chic L Lyon. Redlands
J McKenna. Wash DC J F Carter. U 8 N ,
V de Grosse. Russia T X Mullen. USA
J P Neather. Chicago D W Dpnneth. Vt
B J Burdette. Cal Mr Krumhauer. Ocr
Mrs J Burdette, Cal Mrs Krumhauer, Ger
X W Brown. Coaltng'a .1 F Halllnanan, N V
R M Fletcher, Ind Mrs J F Halllnan, NY
Mi* R M Fletcher. Ind A Knab, Cincinnati
O G Sichel. Portland H Kind. .New York
Mrs H Meyer. N V '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1599.
NEWS OF THE REALTY WORLD
THERE has been a decided revival
of business In real estate transac
tions during the past week and In
addition to the consummation of
several big deals a number of others
equally as large are progressing fa
vorably, and the number of would-be ,
! Investors Is rapldiy on the Increase. ;
' South of Market street property, es- ■
i ppclally that located In the whole- |
, sale district. Is In big demand, and j
I if owners are willing to accept reaßon
able prices for their holdings they will I
have no difficulty In disposing of them
j for cash, such Is the desire to secure good
I Investment properties together with an ;
j abundance of money available for that
I purpose.
One hundred thousand dollars was the
I price paid for a single piece of land In
I the wholesale district during the week
j and several others aggregating half that j
. amount or more are reported. The first |
i was paid by Levi Strauss of the flrm of j
j Levl Straues &. Co. for the lot and lm
! provements on the east line of Battery
: street, 61:8x87:6, twenty-five feet south of
Pine, with an "L" on Pine street 2bx'M
feet. The seller, Mrs. L.oulsa Breeze, was
represented in the negotiations by Shain
wald, Buckbee & Co., while A. J. Rich
& Co. acted for Mr. Strauss. The prop
erty adjoins the premises now occupied
by Strauss &. Co., who intend to erect
J thereon a building which shall be a lac
| simile of their present quarters, giving
i the flrm much more room. The new
| building, which will be designed by Al
i bert I'issis, will not be commenced until
i after the rirst of the year, when exist
| Ing leases expire, and It will cosi in the j
I neighborhood of jmo.oOO.
Snalnwwald, Buckbee & Co. also closed
| two sales aggregating $100,000 yesterday.
The first, was the sale of a three-story
brick building on California street, east of
Montgomery, 25x69:3, owned by Mrs.
j Santa Marina, to Edward Pollitz for $60,
--; (XH). The second was the sale of the
Crocker block, a three-stosy brick build
-1 Ing on Broadway, near Second street, in
; Los Angeles, 60x105. for $60,000. The seller
was Mrs. E. B. Crocker of New York and
the buyer E. P. Fay of Los Angeles.
Thomas Megee & Sons closed the dale
of the four-story and basement building
on the east side of Sansome street, 136
feet north of Market, north 39:6x97 feet,
for $61,500. The same nrni also reports the
sale of the lot and improvements on the
northeast corner of Polk and Pine streets,
20 feet on Polk street by 62 ;6 on Pine, im
provements consisting of a two-story
frame building renting for $65 and $30 a
i month, for $14,850.
Baldwin & Howell report the following
recent sales:
Estiits of William Henebery to Robert Hobbs,
lot on the south side of Golden Gate avenue,
corner of Pale place, between Leav^mvorth and
Hyde streets, 2'Jx57:6, with Improvements, $3500;
lot on the. east line of Alabama street. 104 feet
north of Twenty-first, 26x100. IS50; lot on the
south fide of Twenty-fourth street. 75 east of
Rhode Island. 2;.xlOO, $400; lot »nd Improvements
eonsl.«tlng of three flats from C Knickerbocker
to Cornelia J. Prlnele on the east side of
Broderick strr-et. 110 feet south of Oak. 27:6 x
100. IS0O0: lot and Improvements on the east side
of Devisadero street, 27 :SH* south of Washing
ton, 25x110, JSOOG: the northwest corner of Ma
son and Valparaiso streets, 2<lx6S, $2550; east
side of Noe street, 51:6 feet north of Nineteenth.
25x106, J1750; lot on the iiorth",'i-st corner ■ f
Baker and the Presidio, 24xf<4, $1000; lot on the
north side of Pacific avenue, 72:6 feet west of
! Hr->dertck street. $5"O0; lot <>n the couth side of
I Green street. 173 feet west of Plorce, 25x100;
$17.0; lot and Improvements consisting of a
five-room cottate on the south side of Clipper
"THE GADFLY"
SEEMS TO BE
A MISNOMER,
"The Gadfly" In dramatized form has
been tried In Providence (ere this in New
York) and apparently found wanting.
When dramatization was talked of and
Stuart Robson's name mentioned as a
possible Gadfly, failure was predicted be
cause of Robson. . An actor with a half
century record as a comedian was at
tempting something that could but end
in disaster for play and actor. When
Ernest Hastings, erstwhile leading man
of the Alcazar, was chosen for Monta
nelll on© could but stop and wonder what
dictated the'cholce. No one will ever ac
cuse Hastings, pre-eminently, an actor of
repression, of cither tragic or emotional
strength— the learning of his lints seemi 5
always to absorb most of his dramatic
fire. What could be the outcome, then,
with the leading parts thus woefully mis
pi yen? The dramatist it seems has set
tled all this.
The novel, written at whit© heat, with
the savage (which is the real self in any
creation) well to the front in every ag
gressive and sinister speech, proved a
sensation to the agnostic, a shock to the
most liberal minded; a violent, a terrific
shock to the religious. Religion, let one
be thankful, is the one thing that shall
not be seriously trifled with on the stage.
In its original virility, the story would
not be tolerated by any audience, and
in eliminating the agnosticism, the bit
terness, the irony, the religiously offen
sive and the final crashing climax, the
motive of the book has been changed and
the Gadfly converted into a pathetic
figure, retaining the original halt in
speech and walk. In fact, the dramatist
seems to have come to his task in a gen
tle, conventional mood. And the most de
vout, it is said, will find llttlo or noth
ing to offend him from rise to fall of
curtain. Robson and Hastings seem to
have been quite equal to their tasks. The
third act was mildly applauded, but the
rest of the play was received almost In
silence. Mrs. Voynich has strenuously
objected to the method of treatment and
threatened, so rumor has It. to prevent
its production in New York. As the work
■tands, it may be a play. New York may
reverse the decision of Providence, but
whatever the result, It is not "The Gad
fly," for "The Gadfly" is not likely to be
a' play in our day and generation.
Local Journalists who enjoy taking a
rise out of the critics would have had a
merry time of it had they been writing
for the Canadian papers during Mrs.
Fluke's recent performance of Becky
Sharp. Some of the criticisms were unin
tentionally most humorous. Two openly
accuse Mrs. Flske of making Becky a real
bad woman and a third darkly hints at
the same flaw. Th*>re may b* others that
have not come to light. Ye gods and little
fishes! Who ever said or thought she was
good? If Thackeray had any intentions
of painting her in the llrht of anything
but embodied and pretty successful wick
edness he perfectly concealed his inten
tions.
And talking of critics brings to mind the
fact that those of the East have taken to
calling the Herald's latest acquisition
"Clement Scott of England," fencing, no
doubt, to thrust the heart. Now it seems
to me were I writing for a London Jour
nal (this is merely an interjection, not the
remotest possible contingency), I should
swell with patriotic pride were I dubbed
"Susan Haskins of America." But. then,
of course, America is America.
Henry Miller has made the success of
his career as Sidney Carton In "The Only
Way " a dramatization of "A Tale of Two
Cities" by Freeman Wills, a brother of
the more famous English playwright.
Kew York believed In the play, for It came
stamped as a London Miccera, but she
questioned the Judgment of Mr. Frohman
In intrusting to Mr. Mlllrr thf> rolf> created
by Martin Harvey. Preiudfrnent Is a
good thing sometimes— mark «ji effort for
disapproval and the determined dog in the
man will dig to the renter of things or
outwit you. New York has been slow, so
slow, In according Mr. Miller his plaoe as
a star, but his performance In "The Only
Way" Is recorded a triumph for play and
star. Miller Is spoken of as "the Carton
of Dickens' creation, and, with Wills'
additional material to work with, appre
ciably more." San Francisco discovered
and willingly acknowledged the artist in
Mr. Miller without being shocked into the
admission through the medium of an op
portunity like Carton. Neither Mr. Miller
nor Mr. Frohman has reason to regTCt
th© summer experiment.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
This Week's Attractions.
The Columbia begins the regular season
on Monday night with Modjeska In "Mario
Antoinette." John E. Kellerd Is the lead-
Ing man and the minor support is said to
be thoroughly adequate.
• • •
The Orpheum advertises three new
turns for this week— Jennie Yeamans,
singing soubrette and eccentric comedi
enne; Frank Cushman, "a progrepslve
minstrel," and Seymour and Dupree In a
street, 60 feet east of Castro. 22:«x114. 12300;
lot on the west side of Folsom street, 96 feet
north of Twenty-fifth, 25x122:6, J2150; lot on the
west aide of Twenty-fifth avenue, 326 feet south
of Clement, 25x130. $400; lot and Improvements
on the south side of Beaver street, 135 feet west
of Noe, 25x115. $3750; lot and email Improve
ments on the east line of Twelfth stre*t. 117
feet south of Folsom, 25x?4, $2400; lot and Im
provements on the southeast line of Clementina
street, 105 east of Second stre-t. 50x75, $3300;
lot on the east side of Connecticut street, 250
feet south of Twenty-fifth, 25x100. $360.
The Fame firm also reports the follow
ing sales in the Sunset District, south of
Golden Gate Park:
Lot on the east line of Eleventh avenue. 180
feet north of O. 25x120, $275; let on the east line
of Eleventh avenue, 250 feet north of O, 25x120.
$273; lot on the east Ride of Nineteenth avpnua,
200 feet south of H, 25x120. $700; lot on the east
line of Nineteenth avenue. 150 feet south of H,
2".x120 $725; lot on the east side of Nineteenth
avenue, ITS fe<-t south of H. 25x120. $725; lot on
the east line of Eleventh avenue, 225 feet north
of O 25x120 $275; lot on the west line of Ninth
avenue. 17". feet north of O. 75x120. $1250; north
east corner of O and Eleventh avenues, 67:6 x
100. $875; lot on south side of H street. 107:6
e^st of Nineteenth avenue, 26x100, $1000; lot on
the east lir.e of Eleventh avenue, 100 feet south
of X 25x120, $550; lot on the east side of Tenth
avenue 275 feet south of M. 25x120, $500; lot on
the east side of Twelfth avenue, 250 feet north
of I, 25x120. $>25; lot on the enst line of Ninth
avenue, 104' feot north of L. 48x120, $."2f>; lot on
the east line of Eleventh avenue, 175 feet north
of O 60x120 $350: lot on the east side of Elev
enth'•.venue. 276 feet north of O, 25x120, $275.
Thirteen new building contracts were
filed during the week ending September 21,
their aggregate value being $106,128. The
largest was that of the ("rocker Estate
Company with the "Western Expanded
Mr-tal Company for fireproof floors, roof
ceilings, etc., for the seven-story brick
and stone building on Post and Gardiner
streets at $27,440 75. The next largest
were those of Leon Kauffman with F. W.
Kern. C. C. Morehouse and William F.
Wilson for carpenter and plumbing work
on a seven-Btory building on the south line
of O'Farrell streot, 137:4 east of Mason,
for $24 775 E. McLaughlin has contracted
with Fred Mulier, C. Sweeney and Frank
Coghlan for a three-story frame building
on the southwest line of Ninth street,
1020 feet southeast of Howard, to cost
$11 783 P. and I. Flatow have contracted
with O. Olsen and E. Wolfe for a two
story basement and attic building on the
west line of Leavenworth street, 95 feet
north of Pine, to cost $11,226 J. P. and E.
Troillet have contracted with Hughes Ac
Met 'rum to build a thre«-story structure
on the east line of Polk street, 102:8*.; feet
south of Washington, to cost $71<5. James
and Kate Smith have contracted with J.
E Mallory and S. Swenson to build two
two-ptory buildings on the southwest cor
ner of Guerrero and Dorland streets, for
$6630 and with E. Sachez to do the plumb
ing etc for the same for $1560. The other
contracts of the week ranged In value
from $1325 to $3280.
The loans upon local realty of. the sav
ings banks, building associations and pri
vate capitalists of this city for the week
ending September 16 amounted to $290 AW.
against $223,300 for the previous week. The
savings banks loaned as follows: Hi
bernla $177,100, German $13,200. San Fran
cisco Savings Union $5200, Savings and
Loan 17800. Humboldt $1300. Security $5000,
Mutual $l';, 200, and Columbus $7100. The
building associations loaned a total of
17200 and the loans of private capitalists
and 'others amounted to $r,2.W0. Of last
week's total loans of $290,050 about $200,000
was loamd at ti per cent, and the re
mainder chiefly at 6 1 * to 7 per cent.
Among the loans by the Hibernla were
one of $30,500, one of $13,760 and one of $13 -
000. All other loans were under 110,000.
Releases for the week were $161,940
against $109,560 for the previous week.
sketch called "An Original Id^a," Bright
brothers. Stlnson and Merton, Terry and
Lambert, the boys' band and Hallen and
Fuller In a new sketch are retained.
• • •
"The Idler," seen first at the Baldwin
and later a Frawley success. Is to follow
"Too Much Johnpon" at the Alcazar.
• • •
"The Drum Major's Daughter" has
proved so great an attraction at the Grand
Opera-house that it will be continued an
other week.
• • •
The California Theater, thoroughly ren
ovated and redecorated, opens on Sunday,
October 1, with Ben Hendrlcks, tho orig
inal Yon Tonson, In "A Tenulne Yentle
man," a play reported successful In the
East. Popular prices will prevail.
At the Chutes Theater Adgie and her
lions. Alberta Lane, Irene Franklin, Hal
lett and Carroll, Will Howard and Dale
and Dalton, the unbreakable comedians,
nro tho attractions. Harmon and Seabury
will ennt'nue their daring dives morning
and evenlnp.
The
Coming
Oil Field
Of California.
Th* activity In the Kern River Oil
District Is Increasing dally, and the In-
dication* nnw demonstrate that it will
be the leading oil field of the State
within the next six months. Oil has
been struck In many wells durlnir the
past two weeks, and new rigs are be-
ing erected er.oh .lay. Our own outfit
In being; put in position and we expect
to be "in oil" In the- near fviture. There
Is sonTHhinc of Importance occurring
dally that will be of Interest to those
contemplating making: Investments In
oil stock, and If you will call we shall
be pleased to g\vo all Information at
our command.
Our offer of Ftock at 50 CENTS per
share holds good only until October 5.
Remember that we court the most
thorough Investigation.
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building.
Open Evenings from 7 to 8 o'clock.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell
| PERIODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
. COAL COKB AND PIO IRON.
J f WII <JflN &f fl m Battery Street.
J- V- TllL3Un a WU-, Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH Mxr
f W SMITH Bhi ? w Plumbing, Steamboat
|v- IT- J. MI 111- and Ship Work a Specialty, II
and 18 Washington st. Telephone Main 6641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
FAS RflYFS£fft £ hl PP ln s Butchers, m
! JA3- DUlCja Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
I V I fIF'sTATI ' A K '* my rt upstairj. Uteit
J. 11. IAfIJIAW, ,ty| . low«.t prices, remodeling.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, &£ A £-&
I Et. CaF.ngrs of Every Description Made to
j Order. Tfl. Black 1.'06. ■ , ■
PAPER DEALERS.
WIT I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co.
I JLLAIIICI I L 722 Montgomery street.
PRINTING. ;
EC HUGHES, Ell Sansome gt^S. T.
THE HICKS JUDD CO Z«?™b „,%*:
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic p A RTRID6E 3 °* Sjg l^
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, &*&*&
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. pt Its GREEN
i RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal !n the
i Market. Office and Yards— 4so Main street.
■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'♦♦♦♦♦■♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦'♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+■»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
i WiiiilliiiH To Make Room :
tI \ U^T^^lcTOl FiSbSlw] For our n*w Fall stock of MUS- +
; iia^Ss^^^^^&^^lS LIN UNDERWEAR, FLAN- >
♦ WSg&l&r^ 'NELETTE and HOSIERY we >
■*" Ww^Wv he correct vfe^^mi have marked our present stock "*"
♦ MJL*W foundation for our v&jyjft DOWN TO COST. *
"♦" tailored gown • !T
"*" IMI3B Wamer'S t^KJ 10 ° Flannelette Skirts. ...3 .^5 1
>■ mM " m " 6l ° m J®sL 125 Flannelette Silk Em- X
"*" mnft ' RUSt*FrOOI rfm broidered 4S +
f ||i;j ' g~* a. 5a I Stl 150 Flannelette Silk Em- ■
X i\ ;|; f COrSei. I - broidered 75 t
+ OX ■ I Jl'ilq 300 pairs Muslin Drawers .1!) +
♦ Hill The Hoes are perfect. [j 175 pairs Muslin Drawers .iif) +
•♦- H 1 ; The ofl/y make 7 < '4 pairs Muslin Drawers .08 ■*■
"♦■ U* . guaranteed |fi tfli 100 Muslin Skirts 48 T
4- mt "li to us proof against rust. F f ill 87 Muslin Skirts, Lace ,mj X
X If We call your attention :Hm Trimmed -^^ ••• 1.00 X
+ ':!j We call your attention , 350 Gowns 48c to 1.50 >
+ t\ 't'-U to H - Ask for jj .1 p. 120 Latest Designs in +
*■ If it I Warner's Rust-Proof. | Wrappers 98c to 3.50 "♦"
x : We have them L% L
"*" !|jg|Pl? at all prices. ,^^^^ SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO
t y^S^lUfl^t^filfegr^e^^^AlE^ MAIL ORDERS. ♦
4. Send for one of our Self-Measurement Blanks and have your CORSET -f
4- made to order, $0.00 to $20.00. ♦
X THE CRESCENT CORSET CO., Successors to J
I FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE, 742-744 Market St. 1
AMTJSEKEUTS.
mM*^ SAN FRANCISCO OMAHA
WEEK COMMENCING Sunday Matinee, Sept. 24.
.....A BILL THAT BEATS THEM ALL —
JENNIE YEAMANS
The World-Famous Comedienne. Can Slngr and Act and Is Always Original.
FRA NK~IoUsIhMA N
The Progressive Minstrel.
SEYMOiUR^DUPR
Jumping, Dancing and Music-Making Comedians.
F *eo m C KH ALLEN AND FULLER «OUfB
In Herbert Hall Wlnslow's One-Act Comedy, "A DESPERATE PAIR."
BRIGHT BROTHERS ' I STINSON & MERTON
European Human Dumbbell Jugglers. I See Them and Laugh!
TERRY ANdT^LAMBERT
In an Original Musical Sketch.
FOURTH AND FINAL. WEEK.
...HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY BAND...
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
Ootober I— Return Engagement for One Week Only of Felix Morris & Co
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY, SEPT. 24.
Parquet, 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10 cents; Children. 10 cents, any part. A Few
Orchestra Front Rows Reserved, BO cents. " *V^
CALIFORNIA THEATERf
8 H. FRIEDLANDER Manager
S. C. OPPEXHEIMER Business Manager
NOW THE HANDSOMEST AND MOST COMPLETELY EQUIPPED THEATER
WEST OF NEW YORK.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT ! - - GRAND OPENING !
SUNDAY NIGHT, OCTOBER 1, 1899,
When Mr. Ben Hendricka will present the new farce-comedy, by special arrangement with
Mr. Jacob Lltt, entitled,
"A YENUINE YENTLEMAN"
EVERT EVENING: AT 8:15. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY AFTERNOONS
:-i,» ;■•- •". -•*; :■•.:. AT 2:15.
AT THE EXTREMELY POPULAR PRICES.
Entire ground floor 75c I Entire gallery 2!o
Entire balcony ....60c I Box and loge seats $100
MATINEE PRlCES— Entire ground f100r........ ~......._~_.. 50a
Entire balcony ~. 25e
Sale of seats commences THURSDAY, Sept. 28, at » a, m. at the box office.
A HOST OF THE STRONGEST ATTRACTIONS TO FOLLOW IN RAPID SUCCESSION.
COLUMBIA. ■ Ssffi3
12 NIGHTS AND Dp ? MONDAY Sfillt 25
TWO MATINEES D C&< WUIIUHI, OCjJIi L%i,
THIS HOUSE REOPENS "WITH
MODJESKA
Assisted by MR. JOHN E. KELLERD
And a Company of Players Under the Manage-
ment of JOHN C. FISHER.
For the first week, every eveninK and Saturday
Matinee, a new historical play by Clin-
ton Stuart, entitled.
MARIE ANTOINETTE.
ARTISTIC SCENIC PRODUCTION.
N Throughout the Modjeska engagement
the curtain will rise at I o'clock sharp.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 682.
HUNDREDS UNABLE TO GAIN ADMISSION
LAST NIGHT.
A FESTIVAL OF MIRTH, MUSIC AND
MAGNIFICENT SPECTACLES. |
Offenbach's Most Famous Comic Opera, .
THE
DRUM MAJOR'S DAUGHTER
Don't Fall to Hear the Glorious Finale to the
Second Act— Encored Four and Five
Times Nightly.
Don't Miss the Beautiful White and Silver
March of Beautiful Girls.
Week Commencing To-morrow Evening, Mon-
day, September 25.
Positively Last Week of "THE DRUM MA-
JOR'S DAUGHTER."
Usual Prices 10c, 15c. 2f>c. 35c and 50c.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
ALCAZAR™
*«
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME OF -c
TOO MUCH JOHNSON!
MATINEE TO-DAY— SUNDAY.
TOMORROW E ™
NIGHT... week.
The New York Lyceum Theater Success,
I I I ill aa • • -A- Drama of Great
m * m *-^ •' Moral Strength
bT\ ¥ T^l3? Dramatically Told.
IDLER!
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
THURSDAY EVENING September 28.
- GRAND CONCERT
- Given by ■
HERMANN GENSS,
Assisted by
MISS MARGARET BRUNTSCH. Contralto;
MRS. STRELITZ-DAVIS. Pianlste.
Reserved Seats, $1. On Sale at Sherman,
Clay & Co.' ■ Muslo Store.
WALTER L MAIN'S
3-Ring
Circus.
MENAGERIE!
RACING CARNIVAL!
ROUGH RIDERS!
TO-DAY AT 2. TO-NIGHT AT 8.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM.
ALSO SUNDAY.
PRICES i
General admission 50c
Children 25c
Reserved Beats „ 70c
Chairs in grand stand 81.00
Seats In Vienna boxes 91.50
SALE NOW ON AT WILL & FINCK'R
OLYMFVA Y »,ZI6»
The Only Free Vaudeville Show in the City
A Bunch of Hits, and They All Hit Hard.
Special and Limited Engagement of
C. H. DU BELL,
The Swinging Wonder.
Continued Success of
....RUTH NELTA....
The Comedienne With the Marvelous Voice.
Is Still Making a Big Hit.
ZOA MATTHEWS,
The World's Greatest Exponent of Rag-Time.
And a Host of Other High-Salaried Stars
ADMISSION FREE.
Matlness Every Sunday
• ■J-;V-'- Amateur Night. Every Friday.
SUTRO_BATHS.
SUNDAY, SEPT. 24, AT 1:80 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; children, 20c.
OPEN NIGHTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
to-night OTHELLO! to-mcht
..NEXT WEEK..
FLOTOW'B GRAND OPERA,
I 1
Monday, Wednesday, Friday Nights, and
Saturday Matinee.
In response to th« enormous demand,
..OTHELLO..
WILL BE REPEATED ON
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday
Nights.
"PoiltireJy Final Performing** of OTHELLO"
secure seatslarly. T «n. N#
Popular Prices- -25 and 50 Cents
A Great, Novel,
ORIGINAL CIRCUS!
An Industrial Exposition with Filipino Work-
ing Village, a Pure Food Show, a Prome-
nade Concert, a Refined Vaudeville Show, a
Cakewalk Carnival, a Display of Maohinery,
All rolled Into one grand exposition, and there
you have the great
MECHANICS' FAIR
AT THE PAVILION.
This is the fourth week and the Interest prows
each day; as it nears its close the attendance
ATTRACTIONS FOR MONDAY,
Children's fancy dances. Juvenile cake
walks, Filipino circus acts on the stage In the
main hall In the afternoon; Wasner concert,
special soloists and Miss Raymond on the band
stand; colored cake walk contest on the state
No. 2. main hall. Amateur billiard tourna-
ment on Stage No. 3. main hall ; carrier pigeon
exhibit on Palm aye., main hall; first show-
ing of Mrs. Hearst's University plans in the
gallery; illustrated lectures in the Filipino
village on curios and natives In the Filipino
village In afternoon and evening; exhibition of
wireless telegraphy; raising of a wreck by the
def>p-sea divers, and a grand parade of the
Filipino natives, Indians, automobile, around
the hall Monday night at 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENTS.
TUESDAY— LEAGUE OF THE CROSS NIGHT
WEDNESDAY— OLYMPIC CLUB NIGHT.
THURSDAY-CHINESE THEATER NIGHT.
FRIDAY— BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG.
Bennefs ExDOsition Band In SDeclal prom-
enade concerts all week, afternoon and even-
ing.
Remember that this will be the laat oppor-
tunity to see the wonderful FlllDino Circus:
these Orientals have 152 distinct and original
circus acts, that they learned In the Far East,
and which for sensational and thrilling attri-
butes cannot be equaled by any other per-
formers. Thousands have seen them so far
and not one person but what has been filled
with amazement and admiration at their skill
and originality. They perform In a complete
circus ring, with all the paraphernalia of the
regular circus and well arranged seats for the
visitors.
ADMISSION TO FAIR 36 CENTS
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DiY, SUNDAY, SEPT. 24, 1899.
CHAMPION
OPEN
STAKE!
EIGHTY-EJOHT NOMINATIONS.
$1010 M p o p. $1010
BAND OF MUSIC IN AT-
TENDANCE.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leares Third and Town»end streets 11 a. m.,
12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning Imme-
diately after laat course. Extra train on Sun-
day at 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric car*
every t«n minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
FVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE and HER LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
AN OPEN AIR ATTRACTION.
HARMON AND SEABURY,
World's Champion High Divert.
"ON THE FIRING LINE IN THE PHILIP-
PINES" And New Moving
Pictures.
"DEWEY TUMBLER" Souvenirs for the
Children To-day.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
SEE THE 15 GIANT GALAPAGOS— ALI.
ALIVE.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIPORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23. 1839.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. '
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connectinj
with' trains stopping at the entrance to th»
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with Sa:i
Pablo avenue Klectrlc Cars at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains vi» Ala-
moda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4-45 p m. and immediately after the last raca.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
GLEIN PARK.
ADMISSION 10c
THIS SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 24
TAKE A RIDE IN THE
MUTO/VIOBILE.
Balloon ascension and parachute Jump; valu-
able gate prizes from Emporium; prize bi-
cycle racos. permission C. A. C. C. ; athletic
competitions for valuable prizes.
, DANCING EVERY SUNDAY IN PAVILION.
1314
SPORTS
RECORDS
ARE SENT ALL
A-GLIMMERING
Annual Fall Games of the
New York Athletic Club
Held.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.-The annual fall
games Riven by the New York Athletic
Club were held nt Travel* Island to-day
and four records, one of which was a
world's record and the other three Ameri
can, wore beaten. E. C. Schaefer of the
New York Athletic Club won the 100
yards, 220 yards and 140 yards aquatic
' events, and in each made a new record.
His time for the LOO yards, 1:08 3-5, beats
the old American record held by A. T.
Kenny of Australia while he was at the
University of Pennsylvania by l second.
In the 220-yard swim Schaefer clipped
14 seconds off the record held by Harry
Reeder of the Knickerbocker Athletic
Club. Srhaefer's time being 2:53 3-6, and
in the 410-yard contest he covered the
distance in ti:4S 3-6, or 2 3-6 seconds less
time than that made by Dr. Paul Neu
mann of the Chicago Athletic Associa
tion.
John Flannagan threw the hammer 166
feet 9 inches, breaking his world's record
by . feet 6 inches, f'lannagan was not
satisfied with this, and Bald he knew he
could do better, and on his third throw
h*- Hung the hammer 167 feet S Inches.
thus beating the record twice in one day.
NEW RECORDS FROM
FIVE TO FIFTY MILES
Harry Elkes Defeats Archie Mc-
Fachern, the Canadian Champion
Bicyclist, at Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA" Sept. 25.-~ The fifty
mile motor-paced race on the Woodslde
Park track to-day between Har'y Bikes.
the middle-distance champion; Burns |
Pierce. Frank Waller and Archie Me- j
Fachern, the Canadian champion, was
won by Elkes in 1 hour 2-1 minutes 31 ?.-5 j
seconds. Every record from live to fifty ■
miles was broken. McFachern smashed all j
the records from five to nineteen miles In- j
elusive. Up to the seventh mile the rec- j
ords -were previously held by Llnton, and ,
from there to the sixteenth Kike*-' rec
ord was overcome. The seventeenth,
eighteenth and nineteenth mile records
were previously held by Doerr. Elkea
then took the lead and broke all the I
world - records from twenty to fifty miles, I
all of which were previously held by him I
except the thirty-seventh, which was
made by Pierce. At the forty-sixth mile .
MoFachern became exhausted and was j
assisted from the track. Pierce finished
second and Waller third.
IMP BEATS HOLLA DAY.
Feature of the Bay at the Gravesend
Racetrack.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— The event of
the day at Gravesend was the Second
special at a mile and a half, In which I
Imp attempted to give Ben Holladay five
pounds and a beating and did it with ease,
to the dismay of the big bettors, who
backed Ben Holliciay down to 1 to 2, and
to the delight of the crowd who had i
backed Imp, in spite of which she closed J
at 7to 2. In the Algirla stakes Rockton i
was a hot favorite and justified the I
choice, for he came from the rear In the
etrefbh in a great burst of speed and won
as he pleased. Results:
Hurdle handicap, two miles— Mrs. Stoffel
won. Hardy C second, Marshall third.
Time, !:50.
Six furlongs, selling— Belle of Memphis won,
Abuse second, Souchon third. Time. 1:15 2-5.
AlKiria. five furlongs— won, Kllmar
nock second, Modrlne third. Time. 1:014-5.
Second special, mile and a half— lmp won,
Ben Holllday second. The Bachelor third. i
Time, 2:34.
Mile and a sixteenth. Felling— Hardly won.
Maximo Gomez second, Hurricane third. Time,
1:452-3.
Five furlong!"— V^uvtan won. Kilogram sec
ond, Mondoro third. Time, 1:02 1-5.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— Weather clear at
Harlem; track sloppy. Results:
Six furlongs— Mont ■ .tv won. Antiquary
pecond Jim Gore third. Time. 1:21.
Six furlong?— Verify won, Sam Lazarus sec
cnd. Alice Turner third. Time. l:2o*i.
One mile — Hood's Rrlgade won, Florlssar sec
ond, Microscope third. Time, 1:56%.
Mile and a sixteenth — John Baker won, Macy ,
second. Jolly Roger third. Time. 1:59.
Mile and a quarter— Joe Shelby won, Good- t
rich second, Pete Kitchen third. Time. 2:22%.
One mile, selling — Bishop Reed won, Mary ;
Kin^plla second, George Lee third. Time, j
1:53%.
TORONTO, Ont., Sept. 23.— great |
Canadian handicap and the grand steeple
chase were the features of the first day's
racing of the meeting of the Country and
Hunt Club. Topmast, the favorite, won
the first by a length. In the steeplechase
eight horses started, but only three fin
ished, the rest falling. Results:
Six furlongs — By George won. Wreath second,
Bey Salazar third. Time, I:lS'4.
Five furlongs— Daily Report won. Left Bower
Fecond, May S third. Time, l:03»4.
For hunters, fix furlongs— Emigrant won,
KfttKer second. Cricket third. Time, 1:25%.
Great Canadian handicap, mile and a quar
—Topmast won. Beau Ideal second. Bailie
Lnmar third. Time. 2:12^.
Grand international steeplechase, two miles
and a half— lranian won, Partner second,
! rloe Mark third. Time. 6:0«.
Six furlongs— Nicholas won. Beguile second,
Hilee third. Time, 1:18.
GOLF AT SAN RAFAEL.
Baron Yon Schroeder and Mrs. Kautz
Win Mixed Set.
SAN RAFAEL. Cal.. Sept. 23.— 1n the
mixed sets played In th« tournament at
the golf grounds this afternoon Baron J. !
H. yon Schroeder, playing with Mrs.
Kautz, won with a net score of 67. In the
men's approaching contest Baron yon
S^hroeder and E. W. Runyon tied, both
holding the five balls in eighteen strokes.
The ladies' approaching contest was not
concluded owing to darkness. Mrs. Frank
S. Johnson is in the lead with a scoro of
19. This contest waa played under thft
same conditions as that of the men. Mrs
Johnson falls only one short of the best
the men could do. To-morrow Mr*. F. H,
Ureen, Miss McCalla, Miss Wagner ana
Miss F. Carroll will have an opportunity
to attempt to beat Mrs. Johnson's score.
The increase in the
consumption of beer
in the household may
be attributed to the
scientific, modern and
cleanly methods used
in making;
Wielands
Extra Pale
and every bottle is
sterilized after sealing
— thus keeping it
gOOd. Quarts, plnti, haif-plnta.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
140717 Eddy St
YACHTING: Gadder Wins Challenge Cup.
FIELD EVENTS: World Records Beaten.
BASEBALL: Sacramento 6, Oakland 4.
GADDER IS
VICTOR IN
YACHT RACE
Wins the Challenge Trophy
Cleverly for the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club.
After a close, and Interesting race yes
terday, afternoon the yacht Gadder de
feated the lruani by one minute and
fifty-eight seconds, corrected time, and
won the Perpetual Challenge Cup for the
San Francisco Yacht Club. The . result
of the race: surprised everybody, the win
ners as much as the losers. The winning
boat Is certainly not a beauty. With her
: blackleaded hull and stern like a dry
i goods box she did not compare favorably
■ with the trim, graceful lines and spot
lessly white body of the Truant.
At 12:50 p. m. the steamer Caroline,
which carried the members of the regatta
committee, the referee, timers and invited
guests, sounded a preparatory signal and
at 1 clock the starting whistle was
given. The Truant was hovering .about
near the line and crossed it one minute
and fifty-two seconds after the signal.
The Gadder crossed nearly seven minutes
later, at eight minutes and forty-eight
: seconds after the whistle. Ex-Commodore !
; V. . N. McCarthy, who sailed the Gadder, i
kept closer to .the shore than ex-Cor- '
modore J. W. Pew, who handled the :
Truant's helm. The tide was Hooding and ■
the breeze only moderate at the start and
the Gadder seemed rather slow in stays i
and not very speedy. The wind kept
freshening and as it grew stronger it was
Been how closely she pointed and that she ,
stood up under her canvas quite stiilly.
In the run to Blossom Rock buoy the
challenger and defender were practically
even; the former gaining only 3 seconds. ',
At the Reward Btakeboat '»• Gadder had
gained 23 seconds, and when she rounded •
the windward mark for th second time,
9 minutes and 30 seconds later than the i
Truant, the hopes of the San Franciscos j
rose high. As the Gadder started 6 mm- :
utes and 56 seconds later than the Truant I
and received from her a time allowance
of 3 minutes and 46 seconds, the Truant
had to cross the finishing line 10 minutes
and 43 seconds earlier to beat her. When j
the Truant crossed the finishing line at
22 Seconds past 4 o'clock, and the Gadder I
was seen running home "like a scared j
dog," it seemed a sure victory for the
San Franciscos' boat. So it proved. On
the Gadder came and crossed a winner
at 9 minutes and 6 seconds past 4. or 1
minute and 50 seconds, corrected time, |
ahead of the loser. The actual sailing
time of the winner was 3 hours and 10
seconds, and of the loser 2 hours 50 min
utes and 30 seconds; so the race was won
on time allowance.
The times of starting, rounding the
marks and of finishing, with actual and
corrected times, were as follows:
P. M.
Truant crossed starting line at 1:01:52
Gadder crossed starting line at 1:08:48
Truant rounded windward mark at 1:47:42
Qadder rounded windward mark at 1:25:35
Truant rounded Blossom Rock buoy at..B:CS:2S
Gadder rounded Blossom Rock buoy at. .2:16:15
Truant rounded leeward ptakebcat at 2:28:21
Ga'ddtr rounded leeward stnkeboat at.... 2:36:30
Truant rounded windward mark at 3:40:53
Gadder rounded windward mark at 3:50:25
Truant crossed finishing line at 4:00:22 '
Gadder crossed finishing- line at 4:09:06 !
Truant's sailing time was 2:58:30 !
Gadder's sailing time was 3:00:13 \
Truant's corrected time was 2:58:30 1
Gadder's corrected time was 2:56:32
Gadder won by 1:08 j
OAKLAND RACES.
Continued from Eleventh Page.
terday from John F. Shultz, president of
the American Turf Congress, asking if
he would receive a committee appointed
from that organization who would travel
out here and try and adjust the differ
ences now existing In local turf affairs.
The president of the California Jockey
Club wired Mr. Shultz that he would be
only too pleased to meet the gentlemen,
provided Corrigan is not a member or
such committee.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Saturday, September 23, 1899— First day
of the Winter Me«ting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine. Track
good.
F. E. MULHOLLAND— Presiding Judge. ' J. B. FERGUSON— Starter.
7l~l FIRST RACE— -Fire furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $250.
j | Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Hm. Hm. Hm. 8tr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
66 Druldess 107:1 ... 13 12 11 1 h E. Jones 2 12-5
(62) Constellator 107 3 ... 3ft 32 24 24 Morse 4-5 4-5
... John Mlllln US 2 ... 2 2 2h 2 4 3 1 J. Ward....... 4 9
48 The Echo 104 4 ... 68 66 4h 4 10 Walsh 4 6
21 Abbieolo 100 6 ... 6 6 6 8 6 Rayner 15 60
... Towper 104 5 •■■ 4h 4h 5 6 6 H. Stuart 10 30
Time— H. "-I*: H. :S8V4: H. 1:03H- Poor start. At post ten minutes. Won first three
driving. Winner. H. J. Jones' b. f., by The Bard-Relay.
Jones on the winner is a virtuoso at learlng the barrier. This won him the race. Mlllin
handled his package of weight to good advantage. The Echo a disappointment.
Scratched— My Gypsy 97. _i
r-< SECOND RACE— Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); all ages; purs«,
i le 8300. - ' ;
_ ____ I _____ _ Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. Mm. Hm. \m. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. CI.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Hm. Hm. Hm. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
82 Mldlove, » 100 I -. 15 18 10 14 Devln M 1-2
Clarando. 8 -...100 8 ... 4 8 8 6 8 4 8 1 J. Ward 4 8
(47) February, 6 10* 2 ... 11 28 98 36 Morse 8 8
80 The Scot, 2 M 4 ... 2 1 4 1 6 4 8 Walsh 8 18
25 p f, 6 103j 5 ... » 6 4 1 6 H. Stuart 20 40
Time— To M. :21H; to H. :45H: last H. 1:01; short H. 1:11H: Good start. Won easily.
Beoond and third driving. Winner, Burns A Waterhr.use'B ch. f., by Imp. Midlothian-Free
Mldlove had the race In hand from the start. February probably short. The Scot Is
stale. " i
wn THIRD RACE)— Mile and a sixteenth', tilling; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
"TO THIRD RACE— Mil* and a sixteenth) selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
______ $250. •
__ — — — - — - ___________
Betting.
Index. Horse. A**. Weight. St. 8td. Hm. Hm. Hm. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Btd. Hm. Hm. Hm. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
66 Fortls, 8 99 4 4 '4 »H 8884 14 J. Ward T{i 9^5
24 Oralbee. 3 94 1 2 2nelh 82 1H 11 8 8 Poetel 4 6
61 Libertine, a 112] 133 2h lh 21 2h Ira Snider 1 3-4
(22) Ping. 4 109 8 lh 84 4 4- 4 4 [Stuart 4 16
Time— 1-16, :07H[ 6-18, :3m; 9-16 :67H: 18-18. 1:24; mile, 1:48; 1 l-16m, 1:49H. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, J. H. Shields' br. g., by Imp. Fortissimo-
Phllura.
Fort'.o had no early speed, but finished In cyclonic fashion. a« usual. Oralbee ran his
Fort'lo had no early speed, but finished in cyclonic fashion, as usual. Oralbee ran his
race. Libertine no longer likes a Journey. Ping early drew out of the game. ,
<-q FOURTH RACE Opening Handicap; one mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
C — >• 81000. ' ■ ■ ■ ;
_ . [ Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. | St. Hm. Hm. %m. Str. , Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
(67) Cromwell, a 117 3 8 h 62 8 H 8 H' ■ 11 Macklln j M 4
6 The Fretter, 8 88 1 48 22 22 l'H 2h Mounce 20 20
. ... Roslnante, 6 109! < 8 8 8 6H3HE. Jones 3 13-6
. ... Mamie G, « 88 5 6H 4h 41 41 4h Coburn 10 15
67 . Hohensollern. 5 108 8 6h 6h 68 62 62 Morse 6 10
(60) Mt. McGregor, a.. .113 4 1H lh lh 2>4 8 6 Thorpe 8-5 6-5
67 Jennie Reld, 8 101 7 71 7H 6 '4 7H 72 Loulller ...... 6 10
65 Monrovia, a 97 2 2H 3H 7 1 8 8 J. Ward 10 20
(19) Lost Girl. 6 98 j _ ... Mills 4 8
•Left.
Time— H. :28; H_. :60J H. 1:15; mile, 1:4l*»- Good "tart. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner. E. W. Purser's eh. h., by Imp. St. Blalse-Flavina.
McGregor broke down with the wire In sight. Cromwell probably best and well ridden.
The Fretter might have scored had he not been rushed. Roslnante was unfortunate. Could
have won with more luck. Hohenzollern messed about.
Scratched— Lothian 89. * ■
*7 A FIFTH RACK Six furlongs; selling; three-year-old* and upward; purse, 8250.
■ ~~~ 7 _ ~~1 ! [ 1 Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Hm. Hm. Hm. Str. Fin. ] Jockeys. |Op. CI.
(39) Panamlnt. 8... ..;... 108 1 3 ... lh lh 1H 1 1H Thorpe 3-2 1
... Good Hope. 8 98 8 ... 1U 28 2 8 2 2 J. Ward 3 5
... Socialist. 4 Ill i ... 3H 8 H 81 84. Ruiz 3-2 9-5
24 Ban Augustine, 8... 98 6 ... 6h 74 83 42 Walsh 6 20
13 Beau Monde, 4 1071 5 ... 83 43 4 H 6 1 Coburn 20 50
89 Watoesa, 8 96 8 ... 7 8 8 6 1 Johnson 30' 40
... Katie Gibbons, 8. ..100 7 ... 82 61 71 - 7H McCIusky .... 3 15
... Charles Le Bel, 4..107| 1 ... 4h 6H »1 8 j E. Jones......] 6 20
Time— '26; H. :M; H. L15H- Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, Burns
_ Waterhouse's b. c, by Fellowcharm-lmp. Paloma.
At the end Panamlnt had a little In reserve. Socialist should run better next time.
Katie Gibbons, had worked well.
Scratched— Somls 98, Brown Prince 102, Correct 96, Lomo 104, Chihuahua 107. \
THE SAN FttA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1599.
CLOSING DAY OF THE
STOCKTON RACE MEET
STOCKTON, Sept. 23.— The final day of
the race meet brought out a good-sized
crowd to witness the racing. Four heats
i were required in each of the principal
harness race* to get a decision and there
were {several close finishes and consider
j able betting on every trial. The surprise
i of the day occurred when Martha Whips
reduced her record seven seconds by mak
ing the circuit in 2:10?; when she was
formerly eligible to the 2:18 class.
Ike Tullet, the jockey who accepted sjo
from Ah Chuck to anchor Mcl-arlane at
the post on Thursday, was ruled off the
association tracks for life.
The bookies had a crimp put in their
bank rolls in the fifth event when the
heavily played favorite, Colonel Dan,
galloped home a city block in front of a
bunch of cracks. Summaries:
racing- 2:25 class: three In five; purse $1000.
Kelly Brings, Bayswater Wllkes-Al
gona (Hoy) * 1 I 1
Martha Whips (Hellman) } J • j
Irvlngrton Boy (Cecil) • * I *
Daedalion (Donathan) 6 3 - a
Cloe (Clar) * i ? °
Sable Le Grand (Brown) 5 5 4 *
Time, 2:10? i. 2:11. 2:15%. 2:l4V*.
Trotting; 2:18 class; three In five; purse $500.
Dr. Frask, Iran Alto-Linda Oak _
(Bunch) \ ? I \
Ned Thorn (Hellman) « 1 4 3
Sable Frances (Spencer) ? . i %
El Moro (Manchaca) 5 4 3 "
Llstorlne (Clark) 4 3 5 5
Time, 2:14, 2:1BH. 2:l4^i. 3:15.
Gentlemen's driving: two in three; $50 added.
Homeway, Starthway-Grosvenor (Ja
cobs) J £
Lou (Barro) * *
George W (Dunham) 2 3
Time. 3:04, 2:47.
Six furlongs, all ages, purse Colonel
Dan, Salyator-Fleurette (Frawley). won; Fred
Gardner (Narvaez) second. The Miller (Sulli
van) third. Time. 1:15. Altruras and Tanoka
also started.
Four and a half furlong*, selling, all ages,
purse $100— Jim Brownell, Mldlothian-N'ana
(Gilbert), won: OJal (Narvaez) second. Isa
bella (Sullivan) third. Time. :55>i- Purniah,
Jessie O, Castellar, Bertha Mack and Jennie
Glbbs also ran. ,
Five furlongs, all ages, purse Tagalo^.
Fonso-Boy (Frawley), won; Brltt (Fountleroy)
second, Tres Jolie (Narvaez) third. Time,
1:02%. Folgino also ran. .
New Lady Tennis Champion-
CINCINNATI. Sept. 21— Interest in the
National Lawn Tennis Tournament,
which ends to-day, centered in the ladies'
finals between Miss McAte.r of Pitts
burg and Miss Atkinson of Buffalo. Miss
Atkinson won the American champion
ship three years ago and had never lost
a championship game since, but the play
to-day turned the championship over to
IClns MeAteer. When the decisive play
was made there was no bound to the en
thusiasm. The result:
Miss McAteer of Fittsburg beat Miss
Atkinson of Buffalo, ladies 1 singles finals,
7—6, 6—l, 4—6, B—6.
Fast Bicycle Race.
IjOT'ISVILLE, Kv\. Sept. 23.— Harry A.
Gibson of Cincinnati beat Charles Porter
of Detroit in a twenty-five mile motor
pared bicycle race at Fountain Ferry
track this afternoon In the remarkably
fast time of 45::!7 2-5. The twelfth mile
was made in 1:46.
The most recent estimate of the wealth
of Creat Britain and Ireland is £11,806,-
OOO.Ouo.
WASHINGTON LOSES
TO BROOKLYN NINE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
■ . ,
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....91 40 .693 Chicago 69 64 .519
Philadelphia S6 51 .628 Louisville ...66 70 .4.%
Boston. 82 53 .607 Pittsburg ...65 72 .473
Baltimore ...7S 54 .691 1 New York... 7S .404
St. L0ui5.... 78 59 .US Washington 49 86 .363
Cincinnati ..74 63 .540; Cleveland ...20 123 .139
BROOKLYN, Sept. 23.— The Washingtons
kept the Brooklyna guessing up to the finish
to-day. It was a peculiar game. Washington
forged ahead In the first, third, fifth and
eighth Innings, only to be tied each time and
ultimately beaten out. Home runs over the
fence by O'Brien and Freeman were the fea
tures, that of Freeman being the longest en
record here. Attendance 3300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 5 7 5
Brooklyn 7 11 2
Batteries— Dlneen and Klttredge; McJames.
Kennedy and McGulre. Umpires — Manassau
and McGarr.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Seymour pitched in
splendid form against the Bostons to-day. New
York, won, 5 to 2. Meekin allowed hits at op
portune times. He was presented with a pair
of diamond cuffbuttona by the New York play
ers In the third inning, and responded with a
bagger. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Now York 5 9 1
Boston 2 6 4
Batteries Seymour and Warner; Meekln,
Bergen and Sullivan. Umpires— Swartwood and
Hunt.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 23.—The Phillies de
feated Baltimore to-day in a game devoid of
Interesting features. LaChance had several
opportunities to bat runs across the plate, but
could not connect. Attendance Cl5O. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 7 9 2
Baltimore 2 8 2
Batteries— Piatt and McFarland: Nops and
Robinson. Umpires— Snyder and Dwyer.
PITTSUBRG, Sept. 23.— Pittsburg and Cleve
land played two uninteresting games, Pitts
burg taking both easily. The only feature of
tha games was the good fielding of Williams,
Ely, Smith, Lockhead and Kruger. Attend
ance 2000. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 4 8 3
Cleveland '. 18 1
Batteries— Gray and Schriver; Hughey and
Sugden. Umpire— McDonald.
Second game: *» . '
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Pittsburg 6 11 2
Cleveland , 2 8 2
Batteries — Tannehlll and Bowerman; Colll
flower and Duncan. McDonald.
SPIKE SULLIVAN WINS.
Knocks Out Billy Ernest in the Second
Round.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— "Spike" Sullivan
of New York disposed of Billy Ernest of
Brooklyn In tho (Jreenwood Athletic Club
In Soufh Brooklyn to-night, knocking him
out In 2 minutes 47 seconds after the open-
Ing of the second round. Ernest was out
classed.
Results of Boxing Bouts.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— At the Pelican
Athletic Club to-night the bouts resulted
as follows:
Johnny Reagan of Brooklyn defeated
Billy Winters of Chicago In ten rounds.
Billy llanrahiin of New- York knocked
out Tim Hurley of Pennsylvania In eight
rounds. Hanrahan floored Hurley four
times In this Beconci round. The last time
Hurley's head struck the floor with such
force that he did not recover until It was
time for the round, the bell having saved
him.
Root Defeats Stift.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— Jack Root won
easily from Billy Stift in a six-round bout
at Tattersalls .to-night. Root, who is
much the faster man on his feet, had
the better of the nght all the way
through, Stift only landing two good
blows. Root kept Stift in trouble with
straight jabs, and at the end of the sixth
round Stift was badly marked up, his
right h eye being closed and his nose and
mouth bleeding. There was not a mark
on Root.
Ties a Trotting Record.
CLEVELAND. Sept. 23.— At a matinee
of the Gentlemen's Driving Club at Glen
vllle to-day Temper, eh. m., owned and
driven by William Cummins, trotted a
mile In 2.-09 I *. to wagon with a runner.
This ties the record made by Grace Has
tings, driven by Hick Hublnger, at the
grand circuit races in Cleveland in 1898.
Emperor's Skipper Coming.
SOUTHAMPTON, Sept. 23.-Captain
Benjamin Parker, skipper of Emperor
William's yacht Meteor, is a passenger
on the steamer New York.
Handball Entries for Sunday.
Professor John Riordon of Phil Ryan's
handball court, at 858 Howard street, has
selected the following out of the list of
applicants for the contest in the games
to be played on Sunday at the court;
P. Kelly and Q. Hutchlnson vs. P.
Hutchlnson and M. Dillon.
J. Dowling and R. Housman vs. P.
Ryan and W. Williams.
E. Barry and D. Regan vs. T. Foley
and J. Kirby.
E. McDonough and E. Lynch vs. W. H.
Sleberst and W. H. Kedlan.
A. McVicker and T. Leach vs. J. Con
don and G. Smith.
J. Riordon and J. White vs. R. Llne
han and A. Hampton.
The event of the day: A single-handed
game, W. Aiaguire vs. J. Collins; best
three In five games of 21 aces to consti
tute the finish.
Will Shoot and Fish.
F. H. Bushnell, the well known photog
rapher, and "Joe" Epplnger, the grain
broker, left last night for Webber Lake.
They will be absent a month and go pre
pared to enjoy the shooting and fishing
provided by that vicinity.
COURSING: Juanita Defeats Brutus.
YACHTING: Shamrock Being Tuned Up.
RACING: Close Finishes at Stockton.
SHAMROCK
IS TUNING UP
VERY NICELY
In One of the Most Satisfac
tory Trials Makes a Good
Showing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23. -In a stiff east
erly breeze that made the water lumpy
off Sandy Hook to-day Sir Thomas Lip-
RACE FOR A CHALLENGE CLP.
Contrary to all expectations, the Gad
der, representing the San Francisco Yacht
Club, defeated the Corinthian Club's Tru
ant yesterday. The race was for the
Perpetual Challenge cup, which has been
in possession of the Corinthians slnco
1897. They will endeavor to regain the
trophy next year.
ton's yacht Shamrock sailed one of the
most satisfactory trial spins she has yet
had. There was not much windward
work in it, but with the wind abeam she
covered the distance from Scotland light
ship to a mark off Elberon in an hour
ami eight minutes. The reach-back was
made In an hour and twelve minutes,
about twenty-five miles in two hours and
twenty minutes, or at the rate of nearly
twelve miles an hour.
The yacht carried her club topsail
throughout the trial, although her lee rail
was often awash. During the first half
of the course it took her nearly five min
utes to pass one of the crack schooners
of the fishing fleet which met her outside.
Casting off the towline near Sandy Hook
at 10:35 Captain Hogarth sent the Sham
rock over toward the Long Island shore
and put her through a preliminary spin
for an hour and fifteen minutes while
waiting for the Erin to come out.
As soon as Designer Fife went aboard
the trial began In earnest. The start was
made from the Scotland lightship at ll:o0.
The outer mark off Elberon was rounded
at 12:58. Then the yacht was put on the
other tack and with sheets broad off to
port she miule f;tst time back to the fin
ish line, crossing it at 2:10. The Sham
rock's crew will have a rest to-morrow
and trials will be resumed for three days
of next week.
COLUMBIA'S SAILS.
Mr. Iselin Declares He Is Satisfied
With Their Fit.
BRISTOL, R. 1., Sept. 23.— T0-day was
a busy one for every man aboard the
yacht Columbia, Early this morning she
went out for a practice and Ball-stretch
ing spin and ran back to her moorings
again at noon. After dinner the sails
were taken ashore to the sail loft and an
other main sail taken out to the yacht.
The crew bent on the sail, which was
hoisted up to Us full height. Later the
club topsail and a jib topsail were sent
up for inspection. A number of other
sails were taken ashore In order that
some slight alterations might be made.
About 6:30 the mainsail was lowered and
covered and the staysail and Jibs set up
In stops.
Quite a lot of sails with small spars
were put on the tender St. Michael this
afternoon and the probability is that the
Columbia will leave here Sunday or Mon
day for New Rochelle. Mr. Iselln will
go to Newport on the St. Michael to
morrow and later in the day will continue
on to New Rochelle. The set of the sails
on the Columbia Is aJmost perfect and
Mr. Iselln Is satined with them.
WILL DIVE AND SWIM.
The usual programme of aquatio sport
has been prepared by the management of
Sutro Baths for to-morrow. Th« entries
In the different event* follow:
Fifty-yard dash, novice— A. J. Hay, C Sohllt
ter O. Lowenthal, F. Shea. C. Royal. I*
L*lrd. R. Rltter, J. Flaming, O. Schilling, F.
Neal, R. Cook. A. J. KaufTman. Fifty-yard
dash, Juveniles— O. Crowley, H. Stalljes, J.
Wilbert. E. Smith, C. Sullivan. C. Lundln, T.
Lahueen. 100-yard tub race— O. Ehrman, a.
Hiltlebmndt, E. W«U«, E. Beyer, J. Olad»ton«,
C Augustus, J. Olsan. Q. Adler, E. LJeboldt,
Al Baudaln, H. Striljes. Trick and fancy
springboard diving— J. Cartwrlght, 3. Olad-
Btone R. Cordell, J. O'Brien. J. Wilbert. M.
McCowne, E. Peters. M. Divert, H. Seebach,
A. Baganatorl, F. Ralaton.
Goes to Join "Tom" Sharkey.
Tim McGrath leaves for New York to
night to join Tcm Sharkey, the boxer. He
Is accompanied by Frank McConnell and
FTank Rafael. The party will spend a
day in Denver and another In Chicago en
route. McConnell expects a match with
Charlie McKeever, whom he defeated In
this city. McKeever Is anxious for a re
turn match, and as he is popular in the
East it is looked upon as a good drawing
card. Rafael Is willing to meet any of
the 135-pound men, of whom there are a
large number near New York.
McGrath, who is one of the best trainers
of boxers In the country, will help con
dition Sharkey for his forthcoming meet
ing with Jeffries. He quotes Sharkey'3
long list of victories and expresses un
bounded confidence in the sailor's ability
to wrest the world's championship from
Jeffries.
Shrimp-Fishers Arrested.
The Fish and Game Commissioners yes
terday received word from Deputy John
Davis that he had arrested five Chinese
fishermen for violating the law in catch
ing small smelt. The arrest Is really for
the protection of the shrimp of the upper
bay, which the Chinese take In their small
mesh nets by the ton. At every haul they
destroy thousands of the young of all
kinds of fish. The illegal fishers were
found near McNears Landing and taken
to Sausallto, as it seems to be impossible
to secure a conviction before the Justice
of the Peace of San Rafael, no matter
how conclusive the evidence may be. Jus
tice Bellude will try the cases In ques
tion.
DUDES LOSE
GAME IN THE
NINTH INNING
Plenty of Errors, Few Hits and
Bad Umpiring at the Base
bali Game.
Sacramento 6, Oakland 4.
Sacramento won the game In the ninth
inning yesterday afternoon, and Dun
leavy, who CQvered the middle bae for
Oakland. Is responsible for the winning
runs which gave the Senators the game.
The score was of the kind that make*
an interesting contest. At the end of the
sixth both Dudes and Senators were la
beled with a brace of runs. The Beventb
inning brought them two apiece, and the
eighth was fruitleds. Errors on th«
Dudes' part in the ninth was the cause
of their losing the match, and all the ex
planations which Cal Ewlng has beer,
pouring into the ears of the friends who
had money to scotch on Oakland cannot
get away from this fact.
Harper twirled for Oakland and Harvey
for the beveled gold-edged men from the
capital, 'fh it the game lasted over two
hours was due to tne excruciating slow
ness of Air. Harvey of Sacramento. Be
fore he pitched the ball he wont through
mental operations that drove the specta
tors Into spasms of indignation.
In the llm inning this same Harvey
scored. A single gave him lirst and lie
took two bags on ,i fair hit by O'Connor.
Stanley then drove a hot one to Dunleavy,
whose mits wort- covered with axle
grease yesterday, and Harvey, the
"Slow," scon (1.
From the Hrsi to tho fourth there wasn't
much of anything that caused palpitations
'■r cardiac Uutterings. In this inning Oak
land worked a brace of runs to its credit.
Hammond made the first station on a
bunt and was propelled to third on Har
dies two-bagger. Donovan tried the bunt
act and the ball rolled slowly to Harvey,
who threw to Stanley at home, but not in
tin,.- to prevent Hammond from scoring.
HardJe took third while all this
was transpiring and Donovan was
safe at first. Harvey thought he
could end the game at this point, as Dr.n
leavy and Hutchlnsen had been given
epitaphs, by catching Donovan napping
at first. He was wrong-, for when he
throw the ball to O'Connor, Donovan took
second and Hardle scored.
In the sixth Harvey scored for Sacra
mento and the score was two all. The
seventh brought two runs to both teams.
A hit by Harvey to Mosklman, who
dropped tho ball after a hard run in, al
lowed Shanahan and Shechan to cross
the plate. When Oakland came to bat it
looked as if .something fruitful would
happen. A two-bagger by Dunleavy and
a hit by Schmeer gave the former an
earned run. There was a very rank de
cision on the next play and Mr. Long will
be held in disrepute for it. Mosklman hit
to Eagan, who really threw him out at
first, but the Czar said safe and SchmeiT
pmred on the. play. The board then read
four runs all.
This is how the game was won. Stultz
perished and She^han hunted to Harper,
who threw wildly to first and made tho
best of a bad thing by appropriating sec
ond. Then Mclaughlin hit to Dun
leaty. who threw wildly to Hutchlnsen
and Sheehan scored. Harvey waa the
next that perished and after "him came
O'Conner, who hit to left and Mclaugh
lin scored. Oakland did not have a
chance when they came to bat and the
game was over.
The error column of the Dudes tcils
how th,e game was lost. The score is:
OAKLAND.
i AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
; Hutchlnson, lb 4 0 10 8 11
Hammond, c 4 1 1 0 I 1;• 0
Hardie, r. f 4 1112 10
; Donovan, c. f........ 4 0 1 1 4 0 0
Dunlflavy. 2 b 4 110 12 2
Langs. 3 b..... 4 0 0 0 111
Schmeer, 8. s 4 1112 2 0
Moeklman, 1. t 3 0 10 4 0 1
Harper, p 3 0 0 0 0 11
Totals 34 4 7 8 27 9 0
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln. 1. 1 5 10 OXOO
Harvey, p 5 2 2 0 110
O'Connor, 1 b 5 0 3 1 8 0 0
Eagan. 3. s 8 0 0 0 3 10
Stanley, c 4 0 0 16 0 0
Doyle, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Shanahan. a t 4 110 5 0 0
Stulz, 2 b 4 0 0 0 2 10
Sheehan, 3 b 3 2 10 2 4 0
Totals 39 6 ~? 2 27 9 "o
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 0 0 0 0 12 0 I —
Ease hits 2 0 10 1110 I—7
Oakland 0 0 0 2 0 0 2 0 o—4
Base hits 0 0 0 3 0 0 3 1 o—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harvey, 4. Two-base
Hardle, Dunleavv. First base on errors-
Sacramento 6. First base on called — Sac-
I ramento 1. Left on bases— Oakland 3, Sacra
: mento 7. Struck out— By Harvey 5, by Harper
16. Double play— Schmeer to Hutchlnson to
Lange. Time of game— 2 hours and 10 minutes.
Umpire— William Long. Official scorer—
W. Stapleton.
• ■
Santa Cruz Wins
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 23.— Santa Cruz
i •won the game with San Francisco this
! afternoon by a score of 3to 2. The game
■was closely contested throughout. The
! same teams play to-morrow. The score:
BANT A CRUZJ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
■Williams. Ib 4 0 10 110
Rlbbitt, b. ■ 3 0 10 2 5 1
Devereaux, 3b 4 1 2 0 2 4 1
! Drennan, C. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Clark, r. f 4 0 1 1 2 0 • 0
Strleb. lb 3 1 1 0 11 0 0
Dalrymple. 1. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Morrow, c 4 13 0 3 2 0
Wbalen, o _4 J) 10 0 0 0
Total* 38 8 9 1 87 H ~t
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. X
Brookhoff, ■» ■ • 0.0 0 3 6 1
Hllderbrandt, r. X... 8 0 10 0 0 0
Krug, 2b 4 0 10 18 0
Sullivan, lb 4 0 1 0 11 1 o
Courtney, 1. t 4 0 10 0 0 0
Swindells, o 4 1 0 «0 4 0 0
Riley, 8T» 4 1 1 0 « 1 o
Pyn«, o. t 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Iber*. p.. ............ 4 0 13 110
Totals 13 I I 3 37 13 ~1
RUNS AND HITS 'BY INNINGS.
Bant* Cruz 1 000100«V-8
Base hits M 3jlo 90 6 0 %-»
Ban Francisco 6 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 6—B
Bast hits 3 11000116— «
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Santa Crux 2. Two-base hits—
Strleb, Devereaux. First base on errors— Santa
Cruz 1, San Francisco 2. First base on called
balls— San Francisco S. Left on bases— Santa
Cruz 6. San Francisco 7. Struck out— By Wha
len 2. by Iberg 4. Hit by Dalrymple.
Double play— Brockhoff to Krug to Sullivan.
Time of game— Umpire— O'Connell.
Official scorer— H. Flelslg.
DR. PIERGE'S ''NorxXX^iLECTRIcTEIf!
♦
\4 t /^ N V'\!)^'v\i )t PRICE $25.00. ♦
>^^k^^\\^i^r^S&ia^> This belt Is warranted to be the Lat- *
V-V\CT»A \\ B2f ■«& MWiVv- est Improved, most powerful and in y
'^iaVWML^^^jPft^-^ W V^aStft*, all respects the Best now manufac- ♦
jtf».VKV^P'brs'<C^^>^< ! 3 a '^\V^Hi tured in any art of the world. Its [
fliiW>>l^^^^.fT -:■> t~t>^?S ,. JtiW equal does not exist. The Galvano- f
SfiSS^V*}^-'^'^' \'V r 7 \ ?^ (-!>■> V*wa meter shows its electric current to be ♦
■Krr'V T v.K^'/,/ ' ; U^«H double that of any other. Easily reg- 1
-WJlte :: ?r i *t^sty>----*st?iH^B I ulated ! Durably insulated! Latest f
■I M LjTrtl^^^KrfrvfWn'llfl^ improved attachments! Special con- ♦
MIOll' : ill M7nl^«^- ductors and electrodes. Double wire 1
'IBlltrii^T^V^- suspensory for men. Satin lined body \
'V•' - •>/rr* :? f yV^\\V\ b It- It will cure any disease on earth ♦
PQ^y/ —^7%?\y trlcit Possible to cure with elec-' 4
'I??/'' "^C3k^* H\ » N B The klnd of belts others sell T
1 ' Sk&fk£9-ZH, . ■ at high prices we furnish at $3 50. T
y/^^ni-S 1 A y a no belt tllJ >' ou ca 'l on us or <►
v r\uX*^ B 2-cent stamp for "Booklet No. 2." I
\X I x Address T
.PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., |
820 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal. f
SPORTS
JUANITA A
SURPRISE AT
UNION PARK
D. Ford's Black Greyhound
Defeats Brutus Handily
at 20 to J.
There was hardly a ripple of excite..
nr>nt at T'nion Coursing Park yesterday
until the day's was nearly ai
end. The fireworks came when Juanltn,
a rank outsider, beat J. P. Thrift's great
dop Brutus. The course Was ? n appar
ently one-sided that the leather-lung.-d
poolseliers could tlnd no one willing to
bet on the short end. The odds lenpth
ened gradually until. In derision, an offer
of 30 to 1 was made. Two tickets were
written at these odds and two more at
15 to 1. This constituted the betting on
the course.
When the clogs were slipped Brutus.
as was expected, led off and secured the
first turn. He could not kill, but plae« <1
his opponent, which ran up a formida
ble score rapidly, winning finally by a
big margin. The bettors who follow tho
fortunes of the short enders were aston
ished. There was a buzz of comment
about the betting ring which did not sub
side for some time. Fuel was added to
the flame when Magnesia defeated Be
troniua at odds of 1 to 4.
The hares were an exceptionally strong
lot. many escaping after leading the flogs
a long chase. Primrose beat Bart's Be!!u
by a score of 30 to *>. Master Clair beat
Fleetfoot. 22 to 7. Primrose Jerome bviit
Swedish in a grand course after a "no
go." In the run "if an extra dog was
released. There was a hot tip out on
Sleety Mist the best of the Australian
dogs, to beat "Hoot Mon" Brskine's Lav
ender. The latter was strongly played,
but apparently has not recovered from
her severe run In the Produce stake. Mist
led up, turned and killed, although Lav
ender was always in the running.
The attendance was small, but the usual
Sunday throng is expected to-day, when
the dogs will be better matched, the
poorer ones being eliminated yesterday.
The running resulted as follows:
Open stake, first round— J. McCormick'a
Primrose beat Bartel Bros. 1 Bart's Belle; Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Master Clalr beat A.
Ohmeyer's Fleetfoot; J. Kennedy's Wine West
beat Bartel Bros." Beer Brewer; J. Dennis
October Woodcock beat W. Creamer's Report;
J. Keenan's Royal Oak beat H. A. Deckel
man's Rocklin Belle; Aeneld Kennels' Athena
b/?at C. L. Appleby's Clare B; J. J. Edmonds
Morning Glory beat Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt;
T. .T. McEldowney's Lord Scattercash beat H.
M. Wyman's Rush o' the Hill: G. J. Panarlo'a
Old Glory beat Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured:
Ed Wilson's Magnet beat J. Ronnlng's Demp
sey Lass; Handy & Smith's Magic beat P.
Reilly's Expense; G. Sharman's Wait a Llttlo
beat J. P. Thrift's Forget: D. J. Healeys
Maori Land beat T. Sullivan's Maid of the
Hill; Bartel Bros." Winning Style beat I. K.
Hal ton's Tic-Tac: J. Keenan's Royal Buck
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Santa Inez; H. E. da
B. Lopez's Sara beat A. Ohmey%r's Occidental;
H. A. Deckelmans Prince George beat C. L.
Appleby's Little Sister; Pasha Kennels' Metal
lic beat J. P. Thrift's Forgive; A. C. Brad
bury's Sardonic beat P. Doyle'a Wild Monarch:
J. H. Perlgo's .lie beat .1. E. Cone's Red
On; E. and R. Scott's Lord Byron beat J.
Perry's Commodore Nash; D. J. Healey'3
O'Hara beat J. McCormirk's White Tip; R. E.
de B. Lopez's Green Valley Maid beat Aeneid
Kennels' Pretender; D. Ford's Anita beat J.
Anthony's Patriot: A. Masßey's Hadlwist beat
H. Lynch' I Loiterer: H. A. Deckelman's Law
rence beat T. J. McEldowney's Rosebud; W.
H. Jones' Prince Jerome beat M. B. Kav
anagh's Swedish: John Kennedy's Ever Shore
beat Sterl & Knowles" Wag; Gus Vldeau'a
Right Bower beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Mc-
Gregor; J. Byrnes' High Time beat M. Ryan's
Travers' Town; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael beat
M. Ryan's Kill Boy; J. Shaw's Lucky Do<
beat M London's Magneto; T. J. Harrington's
Beau Peep beat Handy & Smith's Sylvanus:
J. O'Dowd's Shootover beat W. C. Collier's
Terronlte: E. M. Kelloggr's Sweet Emma beat
J. Tyler's Beau Brummei; H. Lynch's Lexing
ton beat T. Hall's Nonpareil: . J. Seggerson a
Candelaria beat F. A. McComb's One Spot;
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist beat I. M. Hal
ton's (names) Lavender: J. Kerrigan Con
queror beat Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs;
• Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma beat
Sterl & Knowles' ' Fannie X: D. Ford's Jua
nlta beat J. P. Thmfs Brutus; P. J. Rcllly'f
Plow Boy beat J. Kennedy.* Night Time:
Ed Wilson'" Magnesia beat Handy & Smith's
Petronlus: E. M. Kellogg'B Kid McCoy beat
James Rodgers' Willie Brannan.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
The first run-down of the open stake
furnished lovers of coursing 1 some rather
exciting sport yesterday at Inglesida
! Park. The hares were unusually fast and
! the dogs entered were !n .exceptionally
tine fettle. Several short-enders surprised
; the talent and the pikers came home with,
fat bank rolls. Flora Z, at 7 to 1, beat.
Babe Murphy, and Commodore took a
back seat for Douglass, a 4 to 1 shot. The
results of the day were as follows:
T. Mclrnerny's Johnnie R beat F. C. Mack's
Delia M; E. Baumelster's Warrior beat H.
Allen's Miss Lois: Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat
E. M. Kellog-pr's Hummer: A. Johnson's Moun
tain Beauty beat T. J. McHujth's Maid of th*
Mill; J. Sheridan's Forest Queen beau Allen &
Wilson's Lady Herschel; D. J. Healy's Ama
rosa beat Kay & Trant's Hawker; J. Dean" a
Belle of Anderson beat J. I. O'Brien's States
man: Connell Bros.' Senorlta beat R. P.
Julian's Signal; T. Mclrnerny's Tommy Rex
beat P. C. Bllck's Fedora; Handy & Smith's
Twin City Girl beat T. Kelly's (names) Wild
wood; D. J. Healy's Rusty Gold beat J. Byrnes'
Nelly B; E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore beat
T. Cooney's Greenhall; T. J. Cronln's Rose of
Tralee beat Moran & O 1 Nell's Nelly H: H. A.
Deckelman's Flyaway beat E. M. Kellogg'*
lowa Maid: Curtis & Son's McKinley beat D.
Shannon's Safeguard; John Charlton's Dolly
Varden beat H. Allen's Cyclone; James Dean
Moondyne beat A. Ohmeyer's Fair Rosalind;
Curtis & Son's Cash beat J. Mooney's Silent
i Treasure: J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat Mike
Nolan's Peg of the Rake: E. Coffin's Mountain
, Boy beat Connell Bros.' Master Morse; R. P.
Julian's Sweet Music beat G. H. Lahausen's
i Fireball; E. D. Fallon's Lily of the West beat
: Connell Bros.' St. Helens; A. Jonhnson's BaM
Eagle beat T. D. Aitken's Merry Monarch; D.
Cronin's Swinnerton beat Sebtne & Daly's Lady
Oswald; T. Mclrnerny's Norah beat Seblne &
I Daly's Gypsy; Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran
' beat F. Deuce's Sarcastic; Handy & Smiths
I Victor beat C. Peach's Lady Perch; L. Wlg
i gin's Dexter Prince beat C. E. Wiley's (names)
i Gaslight: T. J. Mclrnerny's Reglna beat Lar
' key & Rock's Van Needa; W. H. Shear's Fury
' beat R. Jardlne's Young Lochlnvar; F. C.
1 Mack's Black Pattl beat J. Jones' Gallivant;
D. J. Healy's Mangle M beat Schepper & Pow
ers' Matchless: T. J. Cronln's Thornhlll beat
J. Jones' Moonlight : T. J. McHugh's Empress
beat T. J. Cronln's Arab; Lows & Thompson's
Flora McDonald beat D. Dillon's Castle Island
Boy; Seblne & Daly's Shylock beat J. Sheri
dan's Forest Boy; H. A. Deckelman's Snap
shot beat Moran & O'Nell's Irene H; James
Hurley's Star of Cuba beat T. Cooney's Mod
esty; D. Shannon's Soubrette beat P. M. Clark
son's Black. Hawk: A. Johnson's Tod Sloan
beat H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chine; Georg«
Burfelnd's Pastime beat Handy & Smith's Free
and Easy; George Bunner's Flora Z beat T.
Farming' s Babe Murphy: W. C. Glasson's Joy
Bells beat W. Altken's Melba: James Hurley's
Lucretia Bonria beat Connell Bros.' Mamie
I Pleasant: Corkery & Hore's Douglass beat
Curtis & Son's Commodore: James Dean's Con
nemara beat James Hurley's O. K. Capitol; F.
Brown's Sweet Briar beat M. B. Cavanaugh'9
Hard Lines: Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss
Penman beat Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell.i Alameda
LEFT WIFE AND
HOME FOR THE
GOLD FIELDS
Mrs. G. A. Witcher
Sues for Divorce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 23.
Gertrude A. Witcher, the pretty step
daughter of Joseph Costlgan. residing at
1305 Franklin street, filed suit In the Su
perior Court late this afternoon for a di
vorce from Edwin J. Witcher.
In her complaint, drawn up by Attorney
H. C. McPike, Mrs. Witcher recites the
fact of the marriage, which took place In
1594, and that two years ago her young
husband, who is a brother of Messrs.
Witcher, the local hardware dealers, be
came suddenly seized with the gold fever,
bo prevalent about that time, and desert
ed her for his chances of fortune in tne
gold fields of the frozen north.
It appears that on several occasions he
has extended an invitation to his hand
some young wife to join him in his north
ern home, but Mrs. Witcher, it would
Beem, from the fact of the suit being
filed to-day, was not greatly smitten with
the idea of a home on some iceberg near
Dawson and blubber, hardtack and bacon
as delicacies on the family table. Whether
Witcher's trip to the gold fields has
proved successful 1b not known. Mrs.
Witcher, however, asks for reasonable
•Jimony and counsel fees.
Had Lived. Nearly a Century.
AUiIEDA, Sept. 23.— The death of
Mrs. Mary A. McQuesten occurred last
evening at the home of her son, Dr.
Charles A. McQuesten of 1529 Union street,
of pneumonia. She had been 111 but a
few days. As late as last week she had
busied nerself sewing for the poor.
Deceased was born In Bangor, Me., In
ISO 7. and at the time of her death was
bl years and 9 months old. She was a
prominent member of the Daughters of
the Revolution, and for years bore the
distinction of being Its oldest living mem
ber. She was a very prominent as well
as the oldest member of the First Con
gregational Church of San Francisco. At
the death of her husband thirty-five
years ago Mrs. McQuesten came to San
Francisco to Join her son and daughter,
Pr. Charles A. and Miss Btaima McQues
ten. and fur the past four years she had
been a resident of this city.
Schumacher Tried.
ALAMEDA, Sept 23.— The charges
against Police Officer Schumacher were
Investigated last night by the City Trus
tees. At the request of the accused of
flcer, the proceedings were held behind
rinsed doors. Schumacher pleaded guilty
charges preferred by City Marshal
Conrad and threw himself upon the ;
mercy of the board. The Trustees with
held Judgment until their next regular
meeting.
Accidentally Killed.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— Coroner Mehr
mann held an inquest to-night on the
Charles A. Holzheiser, the
freight train conductor who was kilkd
night at Halvern station, between
Decoto and Hay wards. The Coroner's
Jury found a verdict of accidental death.
I ><--rea=f r] was a native of California, ased
LFB nnd leaves a widow and little
rhi!<l. residing at 557 Peralta street.
f Paying a high price does\
not always insure getting^
the best quality. ?
\ Saving prices on such\
wellknown brands as wej
advertise today, will surely
commend your attention. ?
J A large, complete Liquor^
\and Cigar Dept. is a newi
(addition to our Market st.J
store. a
? No imitation brands. J
but original pack-*
lage goods, will you find in*
lour stock. a
J A few opening specials^
: a
Cleveland Bak. Powder a
Fresh, clean good*. _.-.,, _ J O(\-,a
i If economy is ne»- pOUnQ
gary, here is a chance to practice It. • \
Table Claret gallon 25c!
Coed wine. V
Jesse Moore Whiskey.. $
Bottled at bottle 60c?
distillery. DOliie OW'
C. &B. Pickles.. ..Bottle 32cJ
Pickles, Chow Choir, Onions or &
Walnuts, with improved patent a
m top. Bottle, usual price <oc. {
Duffy's Malt Whiskey.. }
* 2SS: 1 bottle 70c^
f Puree de Foie Gras f
A J. B. Rilach. o pant: 9nr>^
~ Peasine to every taste -* V-«.ilo --/ULT
A and palate. Better get some. \ 0
\ Regulzr price 2 c. \
Saratoga Chips. .pound 1 6c\
0 A workman Is knoirn ny his "chip." 7
> Tli c re perfection. ' a
?Hennesey Brandy a
? 3 Star bottle $1.45
▼ The genuine biand— the whole f
A worlc esteems. p
a Bourbon Whiskey i
\ a good whiskey crallnn <^i
1 for general upe. j^aiiwii. #>«-»
~ Guaranteed equal to any $3 quality. *
{ H. O. Mush 2 pkgs 25c!
f Hornbey's oatmeal. The kind f
(the children are erring for. A
Burkes Imp. Porter a
Old, reliable brand. Per dor. <1 90 i
Jdd Tom Gin bottle 75ci
X Mistletoe brand. a
?Lenox 50ap......i0 bars 25c^
0 Made by the famous Foap uiakTß,
a Proctor Gamble sad their best
9 brand wash ng soap is Lenox.
f Golden Gate Matches .... I
A Diamond Match Co. nl'rr.^-lfß
" highest grade parlor P K & °i- (l M
A match; 12 boxes to a packnge. ■
iHennitage Whiskey.. I
i Sprint 1880. gallon OOH
f I'njoys afamefor i^ctllUM
\ quality, which has been honestly wonß
' 735 Market St. 8. F. Ehattack At, Berkelflyß
A W«hlncton. Oak UntnU At. £? De '
f Bth * Washinctrtn. " nh a, Wood. Oak H
lEmb ft 13tb At. ' H
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
QUEER DEAL IS
WHICH MILLER
LOST A HOME
Charges the Girvins
With Fraud.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 23.
If the allegations made In a complaint
filed In the Superior Court this afteYnoon
by J. W. Miller, formerly of Los Angeles,
against Viola I. and J. W. Girvln, Belle
Llstman, James S. Xalsmtth, F. T.
Young and otners, prove incontrovertible
facts, he relates a most interesting story
of how he was bunkoed out of a com
fortable home in the Southern City of
Angels.
The complaint, prepared by Attorney
William Lair Hill, recites that on De
cember 20. 18^S. the following contract
was entered into between Miller and th«
Glrvini:
Wile-ox Building. Los Angeles, Cal.,
December 20, ls%\— We hereby mu
tually agree 10 exchange our proper
ties. The property '<t the first party
situated on Cuuremont avenue, Berke
ley, comprising about three and one
half acres, nine-room house, barn, out
houses, tank house, etc., known &6
property of Viola I. Glrvln.
The property of. the second party
situated on 1250 West Washington
street, known as the property of J.
W. Miller, situated in Los Angeles,
each property subject to present in
curabrances. J. W. GIRVIX
(for Viola I. Girvln),
J. W. MILLER.
On Miller's property there was a
mortgage held by William Quay and the
latter had secured a decree of foreclos
ure in the cum of $3£79, but the time for
redemption had not expired on December
20 and, according to Miller's complaint, [
were apprised of these facts. I
<>n the Girvin property Samuel W. j
carpenter held a mortgage for $4500, and |
the value of both properties, over and
above the incumbrances. was about J3uoo.
At the time the contract was made the
Alameda County property of Viola stood i
In the name of Belle Gould, who is the ,
same person as defendant l-ielle Listman,
who held in secret trust for her sister,
Viola.
Placing Implicit confidence In the mu
tual agreement. Miller avers that he exe
cuted deeds to his property to the Gir
vins, but the latter failed to reciprocate,
for when Miller had shipped his furniture
and household goods to Berkeley and his
family appeareo at their prospective new
home in Clareniont avenue "to take pos
session, In pursuance of the contract,
Viola appeared also and refused to allow !
them to place their furniture in the house I
and by declaration? and throats intlml- '
dated the plaintiffs family and finally
drove them away," says the complaint.
Plaintiff further alleges that the Gir- j
vms now also have possession of his Los |
Angeles property and that defendants. I
Naismith & Young, as the Girvins' I
agents, refuse to permit him or his family ;
10 return to and occupy said former home.
Miller therefore charges that the ne
gotiations were made simply to defraud
him out of his property and he asks the j
court to decree that the Girvins df-llv^r
to him a good and sufficient deed to the
Berkeley property; that B>lle Listman be
declared t<> hold no Interest whatever in
?ald premises and that plaintiff be im
mediately let into possession of the home
it Berkeley.
. ♦ ■
BERKELEY SECURES
A STAR HALFBACK
BERKELEY. Sept. 23.— The football
men of the University of California are
congratulating themselves upon a recent
; addition to the number of candidates for
' the Varsity team. After several attempts
made by Manager Muma of the University
of California and Manager Berry of Stan
ford to induce Walter Garrison, late of
Hoitt's school, to enter college, Garrison
yesterday decided to com© to Berkeley.
The new player ha» already an enviable
reputation for work upon the gridiron.
'■ He was the star halfback of Hi.ltt s school
team in 1897 and showed up to line advan
tage in a match game with the Berkeley
freshman that year. He played with
"Locomotive" Smith when both were un
dergraduates at Hoitfs together and was
: there considered in no way inferior to the
I iatteT.
After graduating from the preparatory
; school Garrison went to the Philippines
as a private in Company B of the First
; California Volunteers. He served all the
1 time his regiment was in Manila and
I donned his civilian clothes yesterday for
! the first time in sixteen months. He is
[ now regularly entered as a freshman of
! the University of California and will come
1 out upon the gridiron at once.
New Trial Jurors Drawn.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— 1n Judge Hall's
court to-day the following names were
drawn for trial jurors to report in De
: r.artment No. 4 of the Superior Court next
Monday: ...
Neal Boyle. Hector Morrison, A. Mc-
Manus, P. Flynn, Thomas Anderson.
Ixiuis Heino, T. A. Downing, J. Wolfrom,
S Gordon, T. W. Hargreaves, W. H.
Blake \V. F. Lemmon. C. B. Rutherford,
'• F. W Moore, A. Mllwaln, Samuel Robins,
Owen Fec-ney, 11. Hcnshaw, J. Harring
ton, Willlam'Berry, James Qulnlan, L. H.
l:rig-ffs. John Planer, August Behrens, J.
A. Underwood, J. R. Hall, E. P. Hender
! son, George C. Fabens, Z. Luclo, D. C.
Lowry, Aionzo Bradford, C. H. Gray.
Thomas Kearney, William Trethern, C.
H. Clark, R. S. Falconer, J. A. Clarrage,
A. O. Lancaster, J. F. Ford, T. C. Stod
dard, H. F. Evere, F. M. Burnham, M. J.
de Segueira, J. B. Mendonca. John Gal
way. L, B. Chandler, J. C. Stanley, W. E.
Perre-au, E. Rattmon, Mr. Emslie of
Berkeley.
Must Marry jvga.in.
OAKLAND Sept. 23.— Two weeks ago
Franclß C. Ibsen, a spldier stationed at
the Presidio, and Mamie Molloy met and
forthwith fr-11 In love. One week later
the young man prevailed upon his sweet
heart to marry him without the consent
of her mother. Miss Molloy was willing,
and the twc. were made one by Justice of
the Peace Qulnn. The soldier, who served
i in the Santiago campaign, had told his
j'rospective bride that he would be mus
tered out on Thursday last, but as a mat
' ter of fact he must serve till March next,
and is headed for Manila.
When Mrs. Molloy learned through the
confession of her daughter that she was
married there was trouble at home. The
mother, who 1b a devout Catholic, an
nounced to-day that the marriage must
be repeated with proper religious cere
mony, and the young people will doubtless
i comply with her demand.
Marriage Licenses Issued.
OAKLAND, Sept 23.— County Clerk Jor
: dan to-day issued marriage scenaes to
Frank Lawrence, aged 22 yours, and Katie
i Perry, 26 years, of Hay wards; Melvln D.
I Ingrain, 26 years, Vallejo, :md Lup« Le
: Quellec, native of Mexico, aged 19 years,
of Lorin; George Bartlett, 23 years, and
Eleanor G. Murray. 20 years, Oakland^
1 Edwin E. Lonsr, 34 years, Pacific drove,
I and Emma Peterson. 31 years, A!ameda;
| Louif ToKchi, 22 years, arid Gertrude Bar
'■ tels, 18 years, Oakland.
Sent to* the Reform Schol.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2.1.- George Bu
-1 chanan, aged 13 years, one of the lads
arrested some week* ago for rifling mail
boxes In East Oakland, but who owing
to his tender years And plausible denial
ivns released, was again arrested yester
i day on a charge of vagrancy and to-day
Superior Judge Hall committed Da
' chanan to the Preston Reform School.
The lad's mother is poor and appeared
i yuitc satisfied that her Incorrigible son
be sent v. f hpr<* he might be disciplined and
, taught a trade.
i Funeral of a Pioneer Restaurateur.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— The funeral of
James M. Russell, a pioneer restaurateur,
of San Francisco, was held this afternoon
from the family residence, 16S0 Webster
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
OAKLAND
COMES WEST TO
MANAGE CAR LINES
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— The board of directors of the Oakland Transit £
Company has engaged W. F. Kelly, a skilled Eastern railroad expert,
to manage Its system. The new manager has for the past eight years *
been general superintendent of the principal system of street railroads ♦
at Columbus, Ohio. About a year ago the transit company made an offer £
to Mr. Kelly, but he was not then in a position to accept. He came to Oak-
land to inspect the system at the request of the Boston agents, who pur-
chased the bonds of the transit company last spring. The business was
closed at a meeting of the directors held in San Francisco yesterday. Mr. 4>
Kelly will take hold of the business of the company at once and during the *
next month will give it his undivided attention. At the end of that time he |
will go East to close up his affairs there and remove to this city. <$>
The positions which Mr. Kelly held in Columbus were general superin- *
tendent of the Columbus Street Railway Company; also second vice presi- ♦
dent and consulting engineer of the Columbus Electric Company and first <£
vice president of the Columbus Board of Trade. *
street. Rev. Dr. Bakewell officiated, and
the pallbearers were: Frank Fellows, J.
O Lovejov, George C. Edwards, Willis B.
Fry, E. N'ewland. D. M. Doub, J. F. Ev
ans and C. E. Palmer.
Tollis' Preliminary Hearing.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.— Charles TollHs,
charged with stealing a horse and phaeton
from Heller's livery stable at Pleasanton.
was brought to the County Jail to-day,
and his preliminary hearing will be held
before Justice Taylor at Pleasanton next
Tuesday.
Officer Cox Suspended.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.— Police Officer Cox
was found guilty by the commissioners
to-day of acting- in an ungontlemanly
manner toward a lady. The Chief of Po
lice was ordered to suspend him and to
decide the length of the suspension.
As a result of dairy progress In Great
Britain the import of Canadian cheese
fell la-s't year to the extent of about
$2,000,000.
WILL WED IN LIFE'S EVENING.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— Miss Alice
Johnson and Edwin Perrin, a pio
neer of Alameda, whose united
ages are 135. will be united at
the bride's home In San Leandro to
morrow afternoon. During the recent
sensational Hodge-Nicholl breach-of
promise case the united ages of the
principals were only 128 years, and
counsel for the aged defendant said
that such a marriage was outside tha
pale of reason. The bride and groom
"f to-morrow overtop this, and have
made as much preparation for the
happy event as though they were each
fifty years younger.
The ceremony will be performed by
Rev. Mr. Rhodes of San Leandro M.
E. Church. The parlors of the bride's
home have been elaborately decorated,
and the couple will stand under a
large wedding bell of white roses. The
bride will wear a handsome wedding
gown of black and lavender silk. Many
handsome presents have been received.
The groom is a pioneer of '49. and has
lived In Alameda many years. Among
the invited guests are George Sampson,
a grandson of the groom, and his wife,
Mrs. Gayetty of Dakota, a sister of
the groom; Mr. and Mrs. Walrath, A.
V. Cushing and wife. Mrs. Upworth of
Alameda. The ceremony will be fol
lowed by a banquet, and the newly
married couple will settle down to
housekeeping and will dispense with
the honeymoon.
JUBILEE CELEBRATION
OF THE THREE LINKS
WHAT WILL BE DONE DURING
THE FESTIVAL WEEK.
California Lodge Will Turn Out the
Goat of the Order — Rebekah
Corps No. 2 to Drill.
The executive committee of the Odd
Fellows' Golden Jubilee celebration at its
meeting last night agreed that on Mon
day afternoon and evening, October 16,
there shall be a Patriarchal reception in
the main hall of the Odd Fellows* build
ing, on Tuesday night an exemplification
by picked teams of the local encamp
ments of the Patriarchal. Golden Rule and
Royal Purple degrees, Wednesday night
a grand reception by the entire order at
Mechanics' Pavilion, on Thursday a pub
lic parade of the Odd Fellows, on Thurs
day night a competitive drill at the Pa
vilion and on Friday night awarding of
prizes and a grand ball. "•
It was also decided that the official
badge will admit the wearer to the ex
ercises to be held in Mechanics' Pavilion
during celebration days.
Advices have been received at head
quarters which warrant the announce
ment that there will be 1500 Odd Fellows
from Alumeba County, 1000 from San
ta Clara County, 1000 from Sacra
mento County and 1200 from San Joaouln
County. There will be an excursion train
from Slsklyou, which will pick up excur
sionists along the line of the Oregon Pa
cific, one from Los Angeles and one from
Ukiah.
The decoration committee will decorate
Market, Montgomery, Bush and Kearny
streets; also Van Ness avenue.
Oriental Encampment has adopted
pearl-pray hats with purple ribbon. The
marshals will wear black Alpine hats
with gold star and gold cords, while the
aids will have gold and black cord.
California Lodge will parade the goat,
which will be decorated with gilded
horns and ribbons, bo that the public may
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
W. F. KELLY.
WENT DAFT AND THEN
COMMITTED SUICIDE
OAKLAND, Sept 23.— Arthur Holmes, '
aged 30 years, committed suicide near his <
home In Llvermore this evening by taking \
a dose of carbolic acid. He left an un- j
signed note addressed to his mother, Mrs.
Catherine Holmes. It read incoherently
U follows:
Pear Mother— l have always been , You
will feel bad when you find this, but don't ;
blame me, because I am tired of living. I
know I am committing a crime. If you wish ]
you can have the doctor's. I will go Into the ■
drugstore anfl I will be a happy man, but don't '
feel bo bad about roe. So good by to the world, i
Deceased was unmarried and a son of I
Oliver S. Holmes, who died suddenly at
Livermore on the Ist instant, after having
had an encounter with his brother
George.
have a chance to see what "the goat" of
the order Is.
The parade will be on the 19th and It
will start at 11 o'clock In the morning.
One hundred and seventy lodges will
take part in the o«lebratlon and ninety
nine will parade.
Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2 of this city,
which under the instruction of Lieutenant
Colonel W. S. Potter of the Second Regi
ment of the Patriarchs Militant has be
come so proficient in drilling for thegrand
parade, will on Thursday night, October
5, ffive an entertainment and public drill
In the Odd Fellows' assembly hall.
VOLUNTEERS ENTERTAIN.
First California Band Gives Success-
ful Concert and Ball.
A large audience gathered at Native
Sons' Hall last night, the attraction being
a grand concert and ball given by the
First Regiment California United States
Infantry band. The proceeds will be de
voted, to paying for the instruments which
the Government allowed the members to
purchase at their own expense. The hall
was beautifully decorated for the occa
sion, and the band to the number of
twenty-five, under the leadership of Band
master A. N. Adams, rendered tha follow
ing programme:
Overture, "Fantastique"; march. "Camp
Dewev"; selection, "A Night in New
York 1 '; ragtime, "Uncle Remus": descrip
tive selection, "Frolic of the Imps"; paso
doble "Filipino."
Dancing followed, under the direction
of the following committees:
Floor director, Lieutenant Colonel
Charles Boxton; assistant. Lieutenant
Harry McGurren.
Floor committee— Emil Berteaud, Ken
neth Mackenzie, Sergeant Arthur Clifford.
First Sergeant John Broderick, First Ser
geant Morris Sheehan, Quartermaster Ser
geant Martin Wllkens, Sergeant Clarence
A. Son.
Reception committee— Major Thomas F.
O'Neil, Major William D. McCarthy, Lieu
tenant Otto Schwerdtfeger, Captain Otto
F. Huber, Captain Thomas Rdbertson,
Lieutenant Albert Ramra, Lieutenant
Frank K. Moore, Major Thomas Cunning
ham, Captain George H. Richardson, Cap
tain George Filmer, Captain Charles Ho
gan. Captain Carlton W. Seely, Lieuten
ant George Petty, Lieutenant Percy L.
Badt
D) llyr\Tcr
(PIT K(P P¥
ALAMEDA BOYS
GET A HOUSING
WELCOME HOME
The City Aglow With
Enthusiasm.
NOISE, MUSIC AND LIGHT
Electric Display by the Municipality
Was One of the Prominent
Features of the Occa
sion.
ALAMEDA, Sept. ffl.-Thla city extend
ed a welcome to-night to the members of
the First California Regiment whose
homes are in Alameda, and all the town
turned out to do justice to tha occasion.
The cheers of the citizens as the boys
marched through the main streets, es
corted by Company G, N. G. C, rent the
air, while the glare of red fire burning
from every housetop and every street cor
ner dimmed the electric lights that
sparkled all over the city, and the bang
of firecrackers and bombs almost equaled
the noise from Dewey's guns when they
were engaged In reducing the Spanish
fleet at Manila Bay.
The reception was an admirably man
aged affair. There was a spontaneous
outburst of approval from all quarters
when the celebration was suggested, and
the determination to impress upon the
boys that the welcome was sincere and
that the city was really glad that they
were home again from the war per
vaded the atmosphere of the Kncinal City.
Welcome, was In the air. The perfume of
the flowers breathed a welcome, and the
citizens went home hoarse from shouting.
The programme consisted of a public
demonstration at the Thompson grounds
and a banquet to the soldier boys at Arm
ory Hall.
The parade formed on Park street. The
Alameda concert band led the way, fol
lowed by the committee-, which had been
intrusted by the citizens with arranging
the details of the reception. Next came
Compaay G, in command of Captain M.
W. Simpson, acting as an escort of honor
to the returned heroes. The volunteers
to whom the welcome was extended con
sisted of the following members of the
First California Regiment: Major Charles
L. Tilden, Captain J. W. Dumbrell, Ser
geants B. Hawks, B. H. Hawks, J. C.
Hawks, Corporal A. P. Smiley, E. D.
Crowley, P. W. Field, F. H. Field, F. A.
Lrouis, J. P. Marshall, O. C. Meyer, P. L.
Crosby, D. F. de Bernardl, Louis Graham,
F. A. Bordewell, Rushton McConnell, Ed
Anderson and w. B. Sedgley.
The march was along Park street to
Central avenue, to High street, to the
Thompson grounds, where the first for
mal words of welcome were extended to
the boys who had worn the blue.
A surging mass of humanity filled th«
streets through which the procession
passed and fell in behind the marching
soldiers and headed for the Thompson
grounds. The scene there was most pic
turesque. The vast throng gathered be
neath the tall, spreading cypress trees in
front of a stand erected under a giant
oak. Incandescent lights sparkled from
amid the branches, giving the place the
appearance of a fairy Christmas festival.
A huge American flag, worked in electric
lights, blazed far above the speakers'
stand. The exercises here were brief but
full of expressions of patriotism and
abounded in outbursts of enthusiasm.
The electric display was one- of the feat
ures of the celebration. It was the city's
donation and was arranged by th© city
electrician, G. A. Weise.
As soon as he could be heard above the
shouting of the wildly glad crowd, Chair
man C. L, Robinson opened the pro
gramme. He said:
No spot In all the world Is no dear to the
heart and so cherished as home. Whert war
■was declared these boys of ours tore away
from loving Rrins to answer the call of patri
otism. They are back to us with a record of
duty well performed and with the glory of be
ing honorably discharged from their country's
service. These boys have been wined and dined
since they returned to California'? shores, but
it remains for the people of their own Alameda
to extend the welcome that will touch their
hearts and bedim th«ir eyes with tears of Joy.
Colonel Charles A. Sumner delivered
the address of the evening. He spoke as
follows:
There la welcome In the air to-night from
every man, woman and small boy of Alameda.
Words are almost an intrusion on this atmos
phere, bo sensitive with welcoming enthusiasm
Every shot these boyb fired, every saber flash
was for a country greater than the Roman
Empire and a civilization that Is tha acme
of the agey
Miss Charlotte C. Kent sang in costume
"Star Spangled Banner." A biograph dis
played war scenes that fired the patriotic
crowd and the soldier boys were ordered
to fall in and march to the banquet hall
Armory Hall was dressed in a gala garb
of the National colors and the choicest
productions of Alameda's flower gardens
Arches of posies and evergreens were ar
ranged over the banquet tables and from
them blazed incandescent lights covered
with multi colored paper. Charles I,
Weller presided as toastmaster. The list
of toasts and those who responded rol
lows: ''Our Country." Hon. A w. Mas
lln; "Our Soldier Guests," Hon E X
Taylor; "The Volunteers," Major 6 ll
T nc]e Jll " t Our *i onored Dead -" responded
to with taps, the audience rising and in
silence; "Our State," Hon. Joseph R
Knowland; "The Ladies," A. H. Suzzalli
During the progress of the festivities
martial music was furnished by Hauls'
CIRCUS MAN IS SHOT
BY A BARTENDER
Charles White Wounded by S. Loven
thal in a Saloon on Kearny
Street.
Charles White, who Is connected with
the circus, entered the Campfire saloon
at SlO Kearny street last night and got
Into an altercajjon with W. M. Sears, the
proprietor. The latter, believing himself
in danger, called to M. F. Loventhal his
barkeeper, for help, and the latter rushed
to his employer's assistance. White upon
reinforcements coming, drew a pocket-
Knife and rushed at the barkeeper
Loventhal, seeing his own life In dan
ger, pulled a revolver and llred five shots
at his assailant, one of which inflicted a
slight scalp wound. The wound did not
deter White from continuing the fight
and as he again rushed forward Loven
thal hit him over the head with a billiard
cue, felling him to the floor.
Officers Tom Flynn and McGrayan who
were attracted by the shots, arrived on
the scene and placed the participants un
der arrest.
While was hurriedly Bent to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was found that
he had suffered two scalp wounds but
was not in dang-er of losing his life. Lov
enthal "was removed to the California
street station, where a charge of assault
to commit murder was placed against
him. The barkeeper declared that he shot
because his life was threatened.
A few months ago Mrs. Loventhal was
struck over the head with a bottle in the
same saloon by a soldier and died in
stantly. The- murderer's trial comes up
to-morrow.
Fell From a Fire Escape.
Andrew McCreery, a young attorney,
having offices In the Mills building, (ell
from the fire escape at 205 Kearny street
last night and had a narrow escape from
death. He had gone out on the fire es
cape to breathe the fresh air. He lost
his balance and fell to the sidewalk and
was picked up In an unconscious condi
tion and removed to his home at 511 Ma
son street. He was fortunate to escape
with minor Injuries.
ADVERTISEMENTS. • "
F| | 1 Weak Men, do not
g®|[||j| l 2^ |j| 10 despond, C4LTHoS
WBSBBBBBKnBBBtiKBSBI 98388598HK51 » 58 Wl'i feSIOfS jfvUi
100,000 Special Trial FREE Treatments of the Great
French Remedy Have Been Imported.
The Yon Mohl Company's Wonderful Offer.
NO C. O. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
■ -■~~-me- --- W_-iwX. The Yon Mohl Co - ° Cincinnati, °-' known the country ever at
3pJ>|yP* l^Sra!p||j||^ the largest importers of standard ren^diee in the United States,
Pffi^&Z&jf ««w \_^&^^S? baTe achieved the most remarkable success ever known in the his-
E2siiiil§3*' k/ ' -- V 'jfiffl^^Si tory of me<licme "^^ "Calthos," their marvelous French remedy
E&ittnlfiaY - C^J^^P^i for lost manhood. They were the first American concern to hear of
li^liiiifl y4^S^®Ka the wonderful discovery soon as it was piven the public in France,
EJSBbBBS* >J^^^^^P^ and at once nt a trusted representative to Paris, who secured tha
Z&tar k. %^*^^^^^^@y exclusive rigrhts for the preparation in North America.
' pjT a i&ffiiirSj The past ear "Calthas" has become as famous in America as it
gIH f~ , |- ' I fglM is throughout Europe. Over one hundred thousand sufferers of lost
fi|4 V —' % ) E^i^ manhood in all its most terrible forms have been cured, and have
[^B ' . / <ss^.''i(.' - ! : T '.^XB written the on Mohl Co., telling of the joy they experience in hay-
Py^^Jt.lV^^ i^gs>i s^^jS bg- the functions of perfect manhood restored. Not one of these
' V.'^\^.^::;':^^v^V fff§!j letter* have been, or will be made public, because the Yon Mohl
| 4'ft"^.-^^<^;r->;.' ; A JBSo Company has made it an imperative rule to treat all correspondence
m&£jfc'-:*£:':'-'-%i : : 4 ffl§S ef the Calthos department of their business sacredly and confi-
H&Sw '-'v^^&U^ £sj£mi dentially. Every year letters from patients are destroyed, and
MaHal ':• ■■i^J^^f if^^P among their patrons are many men with national reputations in
faHBB '■ : : ' Vh^&y/, /^TSSa public and private affairs.
WgBEM-it'-'f i he Yon MoW Company has just Imported 100,000 treatments d
laSw^J ! /^\\' '• u vl "Calthos" fresh from Prof. Jules Laborde, the greatest physician
figs ;-:^M L, Ij) \\\ iin all France and the great discoverer of this remedy, and now
illr - : - '-T/T-M . lii \\\ \ invites all men suffering from Lost Manhood, Spermatorrhoea,
•■'•' f^V ihi \\ \\ Varicocele, Small Parts or Weakness of any nature in the Nerves
z£Xi3[ -Jess if II 1 1 \\\ or Sexual Orgrana, to send their names and receive a five days'
tSgJ '■•sUs /( I «' treatment of "CALTHOS." After using it five days the suffer-
-s&gß' %& /IIS^ r ~*^' t!^**v ers wil! find new Ti B' or in their or arls ' new £orc6 m their muscles,
W&fcmS / : ' \ cevr blood in their veins, new ambition, and rapid progress
IPiI^SW / §£$£■ -X -v I toward the buoyant feelings and sensations of younger days.
nSgS&S M M&?r- : '\ :: y-'iy THIS LIBERAL OFFER 15 aENUINE. There is no swindling
Q&mtlß rll M&^--' : ''-xf:' : C.O. D. or Deposit Scheme connected with it. The five days'
iiw M ! ■'•'■'• I treatment is sent by sealed mail.wrapped in a plain package,and
i \2aSm3f wjm B'..^iM:'.'m full printed instructions accompany the preparation, so that each
r i r*-J^~'iS*a@£''-'^s patient becomes his own doctor and cures himself at home. Cures
\'\i\~^<MS&. JM& are effected at all ages from twenty to eighty years. There is no
i i__ i "'TCTtMcS case (except where tha stage of epilepsy or insanity has been
18 t*^"''-ci3 reaclied ) which it will not radically, quickly and permanently
C§smL'''*^6 cure Sexual weakness does not cure itself. It grows worse from
' day to day until the victim is beyond all hope. Each day aggra-
"^■"■fißfiSS&EaßSfilSßaSiai rates the mental and physical anguish. -"". ; : -
Dont deJay, but send t>day for the FREE five days' trial treatment. Yon can send your name in
; the full knowledge that the " CALTMOS " department of our business is strictly confidential.
' THE YON MOHL COMPANY. 666 B. Cincinnati. O. | p^fo^&^i^
LADIES WILL AID IN
A CHARITABLE CAUSE
NAMES OF PARTICIPANTS IN A
BIG FESTIVAL.
Great Preparations Are Being Mads
for the Opening of the New
Youths' Directory Fair Next
Thursday Night.
On Thursday evening next the grand
bazaar In aid of the new Youths" Dl
j rectory will be opened in Armory Hall, on
, Market street near Tenth. Preparations
I have been in progress for some time for
this event and the ladles and gentlemen
who have the affair in hand have spared
neither time nor labor to insure to the
enterprise the unqualified success It de
serves.
James R. Kelly will preside at the open
' ing exercises. An address will be de
\ livered by Mayor James D. Phelan and an
excellent musical programme will be
delivered. The following well known
: singers have volunteered their services
for the occasion: Denis O' Sullivan, D.
■ Manlloyd, W. O'Brien, Miss Black, G. V.
! Wood, Mr. Thompson, Miss Daisy Keane,
the Pasmore family, Mis« Annie Roney
and Miss McCloskey. S. Hopecraft will
jbe the accompanist and the Hebrew
i Orphan Asylum band will render selec
tions during the evening.
There is no doubt that the festival will
be largely attended. In addition to the
i beautifully decorated booths and their
! charming overseers an excellent enter
! tainment will be given each night. The
following evenings have been set apart for
the various booths, when the ladies will
entertain the visitors with special pro
grammes:
Monday evening, October 2, Mission Dolores;
Tuesday evening, October 3, St. Dominic's;
Wednesday evening, October 4, St. Charles' ;
! Thursday evening, October 5. St. Rose's; Frl
: day evening, October 6, St. Patrick's; Satur
day evening, October 7, St. Mary's; Monday
i evening. October 9, St. Anthony's; Tuesday
■ evening, October 10, Hospital Booth; "Wednes
day evening, October 11, League of the Cross;
Thursday evening, October 12, St. Joseph's
: Union Booth; Friday evening, October 13, Char
ity Booth; Saturday evening, October 14, Re
' freshment Booth.
The booths will be In charge of the fol
lowing ladies:
Charity Booth— Mrs. C. Casassx, assisted by
Mesdames Johnson, Gallagher, C. J. "Walsh,
I Dlnnlene, Horrigan, Robinson, Halpln, Keane,
1 Misses Li. Keeie, K. Casassa, M. Corrigan.
Dunn. Keane. A. Connelly, L. Connelly, Mr.
! James Denely, Dr. W. H. Sleberst, Mr. G. E.
I Gallagher.
Refreshment Booth— Mrs. K. M. Lawler, as
sifteii by Mesdames T. Wallace, Lawrence
Taaife, Hergate, Misses M. ODea, Margaret
' Noon, Florence Scatena, Julia O'Nell, Mary
i McCarthy, Julia Sullivan, Henrietta Olson,
1 Katharine Lawler, M. Coyle, E. Regan.
i Floral Booth— Misses Julia Sullivan, Clar«
; Trowbrldge. Elizabeth Bannerman, Mac
! Keane, Kata Lynch, Josephina O'Neill, May
i Lawler.
! St. Charles' Booth— Mrs. James T. Fennell,
: assisted by Mesdames William Molloy, F. E.
; Dunn, A. B. Magulre, John R. Morton, T.
i Pendergast. William Broderk-k. Lawton, Ryan,
l Boyle, Fitzgerald, J. J. McDade, J. J. Greene, |
, E. Code, T. F. Slattery, F. N. Burnett, Cv- !
■ sick, Regan, Burns, Ready, Gonzales, G. Me- I
I Closkey, Lamburth, H. Gleason, William Ham- i
burg, J. Powers, R. Mahon, J. MeQuinn, P. |
! A. Mahoney, McCarthy, Misses Nora Fennell, '
McCarthy, Richards, A. Morrissey, Maud i
| Schmidt, Ella Cusiek, Nellie McCarthy, Doyle,
Alice Code, Agnes Morton, Elvira Brady,
Florence Magulre, Lizzie Horn, Rose Murdock,
j Gertrude J. Monahan, Lily Burns, Josle Cos
tello, Miles, Jennie Puyon, Jennie Mitchell,
Marion Kupp.
League or tha Cross Booth— Miss Annie Cur
ley, assisted by Mrs. E. W. Swett, Misses Ag
nes Curley, Mary McCarthy, Johanna Egan,
Nellie Egan, Annie M. Brown, Annie Fay, Ade
laide Baum, Maggie Gerity, Louise Geany,
Catherine Mahoney.
Mission Dolores Booth — Mrs. A. Hayes, as
sisted by Megdamei J. H. Ringwood, Edward
Hall, C. Goodell, A. J. Simpson, Gerish, Frank
H. Maloney. D. R. McNeill. Margaret Burns,
Frank Barry, Frances Walsh, Jean Weg- !
scheider, John J. Maline, Julia Greene, j
Thomas Walsh, McNulty, H. M. Greene, J. P. |
Shannon, Edward McCraith, C. Rader, Misses ,
Marguerite McGlinn, Florence Nolan, Helena
I Nolan, Nellie Carr, Maud Rice, Clara L. Fin
negan, Clara Bartel, Cora Flske, Lillian L. |
Uardot, Edna Barry, Katherlne McMannlng,
Nellie McLaughlin, Clara R. Nolan, May
Nolan, Kate Russell, Lillie Maloney, Minna
Loughlln, Sablna Newell, Kate Kelly, Mary
T. McGlinn, Florence Mulligan. Marguerite
McCaftry, Lily Green*, Katherlne J. Mc-
Caffry.
i St. Mary's Booth— Miss Nellie M. Dlnan. as-
I sisted by Mesdames J. Cogan, Joseph King,
Charles Greene, O'Connor, D. Cutter. James-
Ring, E. E. Smltz, jßmes Nolan, Vincent
Dowd, William Biggy, Misses May Lynch, Kitty
i Hickey, Lulu Ellis, Annie Sweeney, Mamie
| Sweeney, Fannia Ryan, E. Ryan, Francos
I Welsshaar.
j Candy Booth — Misses Mary disgrlff, Daisy
' King, "Helen Sullivan, Edith Murdock. Flor
! ance Connor.
, Hospital Booth— Miss Julia Kane, assisted by
! Misa Laura L. McKinstry, Me?Uames W. C.
] Vlvell, J. A. Karrlgan, N. J. Sichel, Misses
j Mary Patton, Louise Whichei, Dlta H. Kenny,
| Delia Clark, A. Dorothy Thee, MyYta New- I
bury, Hannah E. Webster, Elsie K. Mohl, (
! Mary Frances Strand, Lucy B. Fisher, Zelda '
I Turner, Mrs. G. E. Goodban.
! St. Joseph's Union Booth— Miss N. M. Sulli
van. Miss M. S. Kelly and Mrs. Thomas R. R,
Bannerman, assisted by Mesdames John
O'Neill, M. Nolan, J. Moran, J, Carroll M
Murray, C. McDevltt, Misses M. S. Kelly, K.
O'Neill, Julia O'Neill. Josephine O'Neill, May
\ O'Neill, B. Flanagan, L. Denman, M. Con
i nelly, Rose McArdle. Emma Connell, Nellie
j Connell, Nellie Gallagher, M. Spottiowood. M.
! Frances Trowbrldge, Rose Mahoney, Clara
I Lynch, Annie Lynch. Nellie Lynch, M. Walsh j
Lulu Mahoney, M. Qulnn, Clara Glees in, Mary '
Trowbrldge. Bertha Trowbrlflge, Clara Trow- I
j bridge. Teresa Kelly. Oakland; Mary J. Nolan. I
St. Anthony's Booth— M«sdamM Edward May. i
Hayes, Fox, Misses Belinda Roper, Minnie
Harvey. Fox, assisted by Mesdames Wade,
Margaret Schmidt, T. B. Hamilton, Martial
Hatnque, PanMlnl, Murfey, O'Doherty, Misses
Mary Rop*r. Annie E. Gavigan. Frances Slat
tery, Mary Harney, Carrie Gearon McGough,
Lizzie O'Brien, Reynolds. Hflen Peck, Nellie
Brady. Margaret Plunkett, Kathleen Keating
and Mr. J. J. GUdea.
Sacred Heart Booth — Mrs. Dr. Ragan, as
sisted by Mesdames Charles G. Bennett. D.
Supple. P. McCormlck, Dr. G. Fltzgibbon, J.
Kannlta, John Carson, Dr. Ed DonneHy, E. K.
Galnes. John Hackel, M. D. Nolan, John Hay
den, R. S. Cleave, Mlssei Mary Burke, Ella
Comyns, Rebe and Lola McFeeley, Katie Sup
ple, Mabel Miller, Annie Fleming. M. L. Ra
gan, Beatrice Waldron, Blanch Deane, Nellie
Waters, Mamie Stein, Mamie Connor*. Bell«
Boyle, Fannie Edwards.
St. Rose's Booth— Mrs. Theodora Richards,
assisted by Miss Annie M. Pntthoff. Meedames
Martin Fragley, James Martin. A. J. M. da
Laveaga, John Slaven, Ganey, James O'Brien,
J. M. Curran, Harry O'Donndl. John Lawlor,
Brady. Misses Hennespy, Minnie Daly, Annla
McNamara. Ella Desmond, Elizabeth Doherty,
Tessie Hunt. Kittle Brady. Dunlevy. Katie Ga
ney, Josephine McChristian, Annie and Janta
Sullivan, Cummings, Panetti. Coleman, Annte
Raggett, Clara Llnnehan. Ella and Eva Mc-
Clorkey.
St. Dominic's Booth— Mrs. W. J. Byrne, as
sisted by Mesdames R. P. Kavanaugh, J.
Walls. J. A. Duncan, Charles Hamilton, Me-
Courtney, Misses Novell Gillman, Annie Cave
ney. Marguerite Bassety, Madeline Cocksane,
Tilly Annixter. Susie Flynn, Mary Connely,
Matilda McCourtney.
St. Patrick's Booth— Mrs Henry Mulvlhill.
assisted by Mesdames W. H. Kemp, Henry
Gallagher. C. B. Flanagan, Thomas Burnß, M.
C. McGrath, K. Henry, William Fahey, Gor
ham, Sergeant P. Shea, J. H. Maginnls, P. 11.
O'Connor, J. Miley, S. McMahnn, J. J. Dono
van, J. J. Moran, Misses Tpresa Maguire, Na
no Mahoney, Hannah Duffy, Josephine Dillon,
A. Westhaus, K. Murphy, E. V. Reardon,
Agnes Tierney. M. Henry. M. and A. Shea,
Fltzpatrlck. O'Leary. Bhannessy.
St. Ann's Booth— Mrs. W. O'Shaughnesay, as
sisted by Mesdames Arthur Attrldge, Ellen
Frost, Bayruther, Ralthoff, Benny, Rudy,
Misses Kate Tlghe, Annie Lynch, Rose Mc-
Donnell. Annie Attrldge. Nellie AttrJdge, Nellie
Bernard, Fannie Black, Mattie Redmond.
SENATOR CARTER HONORED.
The rooms of the Union League Club
were filled to the doors yesterday after
noon with men of national repute who
had gathered to attend the informal re
ception given In honor of Senator Carter,
Montana's able representative In tha
councils of the nation.
General N. P. Chipman, president of tha
club, acted as chairman, and In a few well
chosen words Introduced the Senator to
those of the guests with whom he was
not already acquainted.
Senator Carter acknowledged the pre
sentation and then delivered n pro-expan
sion address, which he brought to a con
clusion by thanking the people of Cali
fornia and this city In particular for the
hospitality and courtesy with which they
had received the Montana delegation and
for the solicitude they had shown in look-
Ing after the comfort of the returned
Montana volunteers.
Following Senator Carter came M. H.
de Young, M. M. Estee, Colonel John P.
Jackson, Julius Kahn and a number of
others, each of whom had something to
say in compliment of tho famous states
man they had gathered to greet.
When the speechmaklng had been
brought to a close all present were Intro
duced to the Senator, after which tho
meeting broke up into little groups and
conversation of a general and pleasant
character passed away the balance of tho
time.
Among the distinguished gentlemen
present was General Henry Clay Evans,
United States Commissioner of Pensions.
CONVICTS SENTENCED.
George F. Trueworthy, who killed John
Landsman on the night of June 11 last,
and who was convicted of murder in tha
second degree, was sentenced to ten
years' imprisonment in San Quentin by
Judge Cook yesterday morning. As the
dead man provoked the quarrel that led
to his death at the hands of Trueworthy
the court Imposed the minimum penalty
for the offense provided by the law.
Richard Jessup, recently convicted of
burglary in the second degree, was
sentenced to two years and six months
imprisonment in San Quentin.
Railroad Men Discuss Flanges.
The Pacific Coast Railroad Club held Its
regular monthly meeting last night in the
conservatory of the Palace Hotel. About
fifty members were present and T. J.
Wallace presided as chairman.
Two papers were read, one by C. C.
Borton on "Sharp Flanges, Causes and
Remedies," and the other by T. J. Hen
derson, an engineer of the Valley Road,
was entitled "Compound Locomotives.
Both papers were of great interest to
those present as was evinced by the dis
cussion they evoked when the questions
of which they treated were thrown open
*for debate.
The next regular meeting will take
place three weeks from yesterday and
will be devoted to a continuation of tha
same subjects.
Bicycle Thief Captured.
Richard Clarke, a young bicycle thief,
was arrested last night by Detective Tom
Ryan after a short chase and lodged In
the City Prison on two charges of petty
larceny. Young Clarke was employed as
bellboy in the International Hotel. He
had been under suspicion of stealing
things from the rooms of the guests and
the police were notified. One of the clerks
I yesterday discovered that his bicycle was
I missing and on Investigation learned that
| Clarke was seen to depart with it. De-
I tective Ryan was in the vicinity of Third
! and Howard streets last night and saw
j the young man trying to dispose of the
wheel in the pawnshops along that street.
As soon as Clarke spied the officer he
dropped the wheel and sprinted for
safety. Ryan proved too speedy for him,
however, :ind overtook him in short order.
N. S. Thompson's Will.
The will of Noah S. Thompson, who
died September 13. leaving an estate
valued at about $70,006, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. The testator bequeaths
his entire estate to his widow, Cornelia
A. Thompson, who is named as executrix.
The will bears date of December 20, 1894.
Temperance Subjects.
Last evening a number of people attend
ed a meeting of Golden Gate Band of
Hope, Independent Order of Good Tem
plars, held in the lecture room of the
First Baptist Church on Eddy street. The
Rev. Mr. Knordell delivered an address
on temperance, illustrating It with stere
opticon views. There were sung a number
of songs and there were recitations by th«
children of the Band of Hope.
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in th« year.
BRANCH OFFICES-*!? Montgomery street,
c.-rn?r C!ay; op-n until 9:30 o'clock.
S'*l Haves street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
629 McAllister street: open until 0.:30 o'clock.
615 l.nrktn strret; open until 9:30 °| c ! ock /
IMI Mission street; open until 10 o ciock.
!2CI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. •■■ • ' . ' • , , ,
106 Eleventh street; open until 3 °«**__
ICP6 Valencia street; open until 9 clo s lc j r _
Northwest corner of Twenty-second" and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
I CHURCH ggRVICBS.
I.VARY Presbyterian Church corner Powell
nd Geary sts.. Rev. John Hernphlll. D.D..
aetor-Serviees at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p «_•
T ,!c. erening. "A Worldly Choice and What
Cost." Children may be presented for bap-
stn at the beginning of the morning ■ervlce .
luslc. morning: "Te Peura (E flat), V. 11-
-ira R. Chapman; offertory, , Sh ™ r Me ( ™ B
,'ays" (Torrents); soprano solo, Mrs. *}"_*
crt Mark. Music evening: Anthem, Mag-
•Poat" IB flat) B. O. Klein; offertory, The
Sws of th^ Evening (B ""^^cUey) ;
Ito Colo and quartet, Mrs. J. B. Birmingham.
All are ma welcome. I
■WARD-ST. M. E. :,urch-ll a. m.. grand j
Illy of the Plonkers; sermon by pastor, Re\.
rim A. B. Wilson. D.D.. to ..ftoneer. on
The Record Made"; anthem. How Lonely
Are the Messengers'! (Mendelssohn); off er- j
.rv duet, soprano and barytone. , As me ,
leart Paateth" (Phelps), Mr. and Mrs. An- j
n Hilton. 7:30 p. m.. sermon by pastor,
cv. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.; anthem, O.
nradise" (Barnaby); offertw-y. •oprano sola
uh violin obbllpato "O Holy Father (Mas-
i_ni), Mrs. C. S. Middleton: violinist. Mr.
nson Hilton. ■
FIRST Congregational Church, comer Post and
Mason streets— Rev. George C. Adams. D-D-.
pastor. Rev. E. H. Llbbey of Illinois will |
«rPH.rh morning and evening; 11 a. m. theme, ;
"Formed, Deformed, Transformed ; 71* p.m. j
theme. "Life's Turning Point." All are cor-
dially Invited. |
THE First Unitarian Church, SW. corner
Geary and Franklin sts.; Rev. Dr. Stebblnn,
minister emeritus; Rev. N. E. Schultt, superin-
tendent of Sunday-school-Tho Sunday-school
!s at 10 o'clock; the morning service is i at _ll j
o'clock. Rev. B. Bradford Leavitt of ™" h ;
ington, D. C. will occupy the pulpit in the
n-.ominc only. All are cordially invited.
There is no evening service. _____
BEVENTH-DAY Adventlst Church, 914-916 La- j
guna St.. bet McAllister and Golden Gate j
Elder J. O. Corliss, pastor. Services Sab- .
bath (Saturday). Sabbath school at 9:45 a. m.
Preaching at 11 o'clock. A series of discourses
every Sunday evening at 7:45. Subject to-
night, "The Evidence of the Lord's Soon Com-
ing to the Earth." Tuesday evening. The
Operation of the Blood In the Human Body.
Wednesday evening, midweek service. Thurs-
day evening, "Healthful HablU. '
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block 223 Sutter street, between Kearny and
C.rant Christian Sclenoe Bible lesson
at 11 a. m. : subject, "Unreality." Sunday-
school for children at the sama hour. Wednes-
day evening meeting at 8 o'clock. All are wel-
come. — — — ■
NEW Jerusalem Church (Swedenborgian), 1626
O'Farrell st— The pastor. Rev. D. V. Bowen,
will preach at 11 a. m.; subject. "The Word
of Gr«d." Free library of new church books.
Sunday-school. 10 a, m. No evening service.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.. Cra-
mer i a?tor. Discourse at 11 a. m.— subject,
"Demonstrations of Good Found in Unity.
Services in Yosemlte Hall. Native Sons bldg..
Mason street, between Geary and Post. Take
elevator.
REORGANIZED Church of Je«us Christ 820
Post St.— Preaching at 11 a. m.. by C. A, Far-
kin; subject. "The Divine Law. Its Adapta-
bility to Man's Nature and Accomplishment
iof God's Purposes." Preaching 7:45 p. (< m.
by F B. Blair. This church preaches the re-
stored" Eospel ao a "sign" of the end.
VANGELISTIC Meetings-In hall, 3036 Six-
ttenth St., between Valencia and Mission.
Meetings for Christians. Sunday, Sept. 24, at
3 p m Th» gospel at 7:45 p. m. and each
evening throuph the week. Saturday ex-
ecuted rair tea Campbell of Scotland and Dr.
Matthews cf Ireland. Evangelists.
SPOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
Bts.— Closing nddress in the special course of
lectures to men only by Rev. L. J. <.arv.> r
this afternoon at 3 o'clock; subject. "In His
Btepe. or What Would Jesus Do?" All young
men invited. Bible cla?s by Rev. Dr. H. H.
Bell at the Association Auditorium n-xt Tues-
day evening, :en free to all, both men and
wi'i-.ion.
PECIAL Gospel meeting at the hall, 11 City
Hall square, near Market st., Sunday even-
ing at 7:4r.. Bible readings Wednesday and
Friday evenings at same hour. R. T. Grant,
evangelist. lay-school and Bible class
Sunday mornings at 10 o'clock. Come, bring
your Bible.
HE Theosophical Society— To-night, in Odd
Fellows' building. Seventh and Market, a
tvmijosium en •'Religious Education." Inquir-
ers' meeings Tuesdays, I p. m.. Thursdays,
2::0 p. m. Lotus circle. Sundays. 11 a. m.
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
FREE lecture this evening at 8 o'clock on
"The Sympathetic Nerve System, the Nerve
of Life,"" by Dr. J. Depew Kergnn of Drs.
K. .'-• X.'s Electric Sanitarium at Crystal
Hall, Pythian Castle, 909 Market st., follow-
ed by magnificent views of the City of Ven-
ice, "The Bride of the Sea." Those attend-
ing this lecture may procure free tickets to
the wonderful X Ray exhibition on Tuesday
evening next
SOUL Culture m^tlngs. Sun., Thurs. eve.;
Woo 2 p. m.: psychometry. Tues. 8 p. m., j
Thurs. 2 p. m.: healing, Wed., Sat.. 10 a. m.;
stances, 10c, Mon.. Fri., 1 to 10 p. m. ; 621
Turk. 11. H. BROWN. '
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occiden-
tal Hall, cor. Larkln and McAllister, Sunday,
September 24, at 7:30 p. m. Speaker, Mrs. R.
B. LUUe; subject, "The Work of the Build-
ers."
AT Dr. nines' Spiritual Society, 909 Market.
11-2 free; S, 10c; Mrs. Vlgers, Speley, Gllllng-
ham; tests at 335 McAllister st. every Wed-
nesday 8, free; 201 Arlington St., Tues., Frld.
FORESTERS' Hall, 102 O'Farrell. near Stock-
ton, to-night at S o'clock. Professor Gee, test
medium; many convincing tests; 10c.
OAKLAND— Fraternal Hall, Katie Heussman
calebrated test medium and Inspirational
speaker; 15; 10c.
LARKIN, 117 8 p. Church of Divine Spir-
itual Truth. Mrs. Wrenn, others; collection.
Mrs. Harland's test circle to-night ; sealed let-
ters read, 10c; business readings, $1. 34 Sixth.
K^TIE HEUSSMANN'S sittings daily, $l;cym-
bol; circles Friday eve.. 25c. 641 Jessie, off 7th.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, spiritual test meeting to-
night 8. 335 McAllister. Skeptics Invited; 100.
A TEST meeting Sun., 2 and 8 p. m. ; 10c. 148
Gth. R. A. Btltt Mrs. Vlgard, others; rdgs. dly.
MOTHER SADIE seance. Wed. 12 o'clock; to-
night seance, !> p. m., 80c. 409 Leavenworth.
AT 117 Larkin st.— Wednesday 8 p. m.; Mrs.
Briggs, Henry Harrison Brown, others; 10c.
MRS. MENA FRANCIS, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght Bt.
EDWARD EARLE'S seance to-night, 8 o'clock.
S3O I ills s*., 2.-.C.
;Mli;TJ\<.S--l Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society In America, 819
Marl st.— Lecture to-night, "The Day of
Judgment" by A. Spinks; International
Brotherhood League Tuesday night; subject
"Some Civilized Savages."
MEETING NOTICES.
KINO/ . M< 'N'S Lodge No. 260, Fr~fl~
and A. M.— Officers and members are^*\^
requested to attend the funeral of Jt_pf
Brother CHARLES LOUIS BAM-/V*
BAUER, late a member of Hills Ferry Lodge
No. 236, from the Masonic Temple corner
■ Post and Montgomery sts., on SUNDAY,
September 24, at 1:80 o'clock p. m. Funeral
committees of city lodges take notice. By
order of the S. W.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. _ri_H__k_
F.— lnitiation MONDAY EVEN-_B_SHfc
ING. *B__W_lF
'C. H. HORNBECK, N. G.
V.M. B. CURTIS, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA' Lodge No. 1, I. O. j_y»t__.
<> F.— Members will meet. In their si_?_s?sfot.
hall SUNDAY, Sept. 24, at 12
o'clock noon to attend the fu- •»—»»»■
neral of our late brother, HENRY PHYSF.R.
By order of H. L. TODD, N. G.
TO the members of the _-rf*TiG3CT*£s* i^_.
Society of California jjrSjJv^^rtW^Sjw
Pioneers— You are in- _rfefVtT' _m
vitoii to a'tnmi a sjie- gjj
rißj service to be held _^B^sp^P_jß___ ;
at the Howard-street .^^^^jß_^rßft
Methodist Episcopal ~—
Church on SUNDAY, September 24. 1899.
Please wear your badge and meet at Pioneer
Hall nt 10:30 a. m. J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
HARMONY Alliance No. 15— All members are
requested to attend a meeting of the alliance
at K. R. B. Hall. 1133 Mission St., on SUN-
DAY. Sept. 24, at 2:30 p. m., to make arrange-
ments* for the funeral of our late brother,
THOMAS CROWE. JOHN GANKY, Prcs.
JOSEPH O'BRIEN, Sec.
PACIFIC Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society — The annual meeting of the members
of thl* society will be held on SUNDAY. Sep-
tember 24, 1599, at 2 p. m.. at the asylum.
corner of Hayes and Devißadero sts. The an-
nual reports of the officers will be submitted
and each other business transacted as will [
come before the meeting. By order.
LEO ELOESSER. Secretary.
YOUNG Men's Institute No. 74— the officers
and members of Potrero Council, Young Men's
Institute No. 74: You are hereby notified to
meet at 606 Twentieth st. MONDAY, Sept. 2£,
1*99. to attend the funeral of our late brother,
THOMAS CROW. Fines for non-attendance.
JA9. A. STRAIN SR., Pres.
JAS. A, STRAIN JR., Reo. Sec
" MEETING NOTICES.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Piumas County,
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek and
Woods Ravine, and from John O. Smith it
uls.. In the Smiths Blue Gravel mine, near
Ono. Shasta County, to deposit talllnga In a
ravine below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 69, Flood build-
Ing. San' Francisco, Cal., on October 9. 18S9,
at 1 $0 p. m. _________
ACCOUNTANTS.
b. X BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits _
adjusts accounts for corporations Si firms: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Btocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market st., opp. Mason;
consultation frea; moderate fees. .
CLARA FOLTZ attorney at law, Crocker
bldg.; tel. Black 71: practices in all courts.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
J. R. PARKER. 918 Market St.. room C 7: advice*
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE A- NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building. 9g7 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
BATH CABINETS— THERMAL.
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
call and fee It: descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st.
HOARD AND ROOMS.
A FEW persons having references can be ac-
commodated in a refined well-furnished home;
excellent table and appointments: convenient
to three car lines . 1007 Leavenworth st.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— first-class; 1714
Market St., S. F., Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up;
j suites without board, $1 per day; single rooms,
I Me: special rates by month, also to tourists.
GENTLEMAN' can find room and board in pri-
vate family at 232 Halght Ft.; fine location;
Haight st. cars pass door; terms moderate.
! ELLIS, «07— Well-furnished front rooms, with
| good board; bath; telephont; gas; piano.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 334 — Double rooms;
board; home comforts; piano; private fam-
ily; bath; reasonable.
LADY having nice home., would like child to
board; girl preferred; object company. Ap-
ply 459 Minna St., near Sixth.
MCALLISTER. W3M>— Four more students can
have board and room at $18 each.
O'FARRELL, Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
POST, 726— one or two, use of piano, parlor
and telephone; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 940— Nicely furnished rooms
and board: all modern conveniences.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A WIDOW will care for a baby or on« or two
children; nice home in the country. MRS.
• SHIVER. Antloch. Cal.
LADY, with pleasant home, would like child
to board. Apply 118 Ninth st.
BOARD AND ROOMS WASTED.
ROOM and board In quiet home in the country
for young lady Invalid and nurse: not too far
from railroad station; San Mateo preferred.
Address MRS. A. J. MURRAY. 2319 Webster.
I GOOD board and room with private family In
Warm Belt of Mission only by young couple.
Address W. R. SAUNDERS, Union Iron
Works.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
eCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$400— RESTAURANT; good for man and wife;
Investigation allowed; $250 will buy a fine va-
riety and bakery; sitjkness cause for selling;
good location. Good country hotel, also coun-
try Ken. store for sale. EITEL, lOtiS l^ Market.
BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery, school
supplies, opposite school of 900 children; doing
business (SO day; milk alone pays rent; 4 liv-
ing rms.. bath;»rent $16. Jones & Co.. 805 Mkt.
$400— GOOD chance for oysterman; an estab-
lished oyster business for sale. McLAUGH-
LIN St CO.. 777% Market st.
— FINE two-story warehouse or factory
building; very heavy construction; lot lEOxlOO;
on railroad: " Diiminent corner on First st.,
Oakland. Just the place for a new manufac-
turing plant. WILLIAM J. DINGEE, room
16, second floor. Mills building, or 903 Broad-
way, Oakland.
A SAUSALITO BUY—
Best location: a hotel and restanrant, finely
equipped and paying well; arbors, garden,
oyster bed, etc.; large lot with boat landing,
etc.; owner must sell on account of sickness.
Price $8000.
FOR rent on downtown corner; large light
basement for saloon and billiard hall; rent
very low. Inquire WILLIAM HENDRICK-
SON & CO., 614 Call building.
BAKERY and confectionery in the Western
Addition, with 4 living ro^nio. Apply Monday
to Thursday, bet. 8 and 5 p. m., at 307 Cali-
fornia St., in coffee saloon.
WANT partner in restaurant and chop house
on good street, nr. Market; will stand Inves-
tigation; lady preferred with $200. Address
box 2350. Call office.
FOR sale— A good paying saloon, with six
living rooms upstairs: long lease; terminus of
car line. Box 2313. Call office. '
ONE of the best custom shoemaker shop In the
city for sale on account of other business.
Call 1181 Market st.
MEAT market, doing a large family cash
trade, must be cold. For particulars address
box 2328, Call office.
FOR sale— Planing mill; one-half Interest of
the late H. R. Powell. Apply at Palo Alto
Planing Mill.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale: good location;
good place for the work. MANN, box 2837,
Call office.
WANTED—Capttal for mf?r. automobile and
engines "In general; rare chance. Box 2351, Ca11.
FOR sale— Paying tea' and coffee route; owner
leaving city. Address box 2182, Call office.
ALFA Co., 935 Market st., will e-xchango or
sell your property or business quickly.
PARTNER wanted; man or woman; good cook
only; restaurant. Box 2342, Call office.
FOR — Fine grocery and bar. Corner Post
and Devisadero Ets.
FOR sale cheap: grocery store in North Berke-
ley; account of sickness; good business corner;
horse and wagon. P. O. box 13, Berkeley.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 926
Washington st.
WANTED— Grocery and bar with 3 or 4 sunny
rooms in back. Bo:*, 1234, Call office. ..■••
LARK Salon. 12 Seventh st, I. O. O. F. bulld-
ing, opp. new Postofflce building; make offer.
MILK route; 22 cans per day; 3 horses, wagon,
etc. 313 Langton, nr. Bryant, bet. 7th & Bth.
$IEO— BARBER shop, If sold before October 1;
$200 to $250 month; Investigate. Box 2183, Call.
FOR — Corner saloon on water front, with
rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below;
all rented; barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front st. Price low.
AN offer wanted; old-established corner saloon;
fide entrance to tamale cafe; fair stock and
a good business. 631 Market St., room 6.
$1000— SALOON; nicely fitted up; centrally
located. Inquire Convention, 423 Bush st.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
FOR Cheap: bakery, notions, cigar stand.
A^ply 1704 Howard st.
FINK paying laundry route: bargain If sold
this month. Box 1244, Call.
$175— BARBER shop; trade $22 per week; sick-
ness cause. Box 1426. Call.
FOR sale cheap— coal, hay, grain and
feed business. NE. cor. Valley and Dolores.
FOR saie— On account of sickness, half-Interest
In coal yard. 1511 Dupont st. .
FOR sale— Engravers' well established busi-
ness In a good town; brightest prospects. Ad-
dress box 2158, Call office.
WOOD and coal yard on account of sickness;
1082 Howard st : a bargain. Apply to J. A.
LENNON, 313 Clay st.
$115— BRANCH bakery for sale; 2 living rooms.
805*>; Filbert st. *
NOTION Bazaar for sale; toys, stationery, fan-
cy goods; half price. Room 127, 1236 Market.
A. WHITE & CO., 997 Market st.— Do you want
a quick sale? List your bargains with us.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business.
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'9, 412 Sacramento St.
PRIVATE boarding house; 15 rooms; all full;
north of Market. Box 1341, Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this
I paper. Apply Call office.
TIIE BA.S FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
CARRIAGES AKD WAGONS.
FOR wile— One Columbus trap, with shafts, one
or two fpiUs: In excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse; weight 950 pounds; suit-
able for buggy; good traveler, pound, kind,
gentle and in "perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or 320 Banaome
St., room 15.
FOR sale, or will exchange for good horse, one
English pattern surrey. In good condition,
pole and shafts. Apply Blackhawk Stables,
1009 Valencia st.
FOR sale— Al 3 can milk wagon; also double-
eeated business buggy; part cash, balance
monthly Installments. 82 Cortland aye.
MOTOR carriage for sale; -will seat 8 people.
See F. A. MCLAUGHLIN, care Alexander-
Tofit Co., 401 Market st.
LIGHT spring wagon and harness for sale
cheap. G3B McAllister et.
FOR SALE— Buggy and harness. 4460 Eight-
een t h st.
WAGON wanted for light delivery, with or
without top, at Dye Works, 142 Eddy st.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton; top and
road buggy, good as new. SHAW, 1611 Markt.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
»t.v. cheap. KGAN & SON. 8117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Corpet-
beating Works, 303 357 Tehama st. ; tel. 8 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgT.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 2W>.
LAST and best, Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 342 McAllister st. ; phone South 146.
J. MCQUEEN'S California- Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4."3 Ptevrnson st.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO, WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Sc
BTRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 844.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., S4O 14th
st. ; cleaning, 8c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLTN'S Carpet-beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds Mid
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a mire
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND Si IRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated trance
test medium, life reader and medical clair-
voyant; sittings, $1.
The Sick Diagnosed Free.
Come and Be Cured.
By her wonuerful revealed remedies and "new
method" of treatment for chronic, special and
obscure disease«.
She has the divine gift of second sight and
can show you the way out of trouble, physical
or mental, and give you health. 282 Stockton
St., between Post and Geary. Send stamp
for circular and terms of treatment
ATTENTION! Your fate Is In your hands; If
you want a lot of information the best clair-
voyant and palmist In God's creation Is Mrs.
Dr. Saylor; full name and depcrlctlon of fu-
ture husband or wife: L. 25c; G. 60c; mail 81;
send date of birth. 131 14 Market St.. opp. Van
Ness; cut thla out; It appears Sundays only.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St., bet. 7th and
Sth, clairvoyant, card reader and palmist;
true diagnosis of disease; truth or no pay.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes St.. room 7, second floor.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader— La-
dles 25c. gents 60c. 951 Mission, nr. «th; open
Sunday.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth it., r. 12.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212% Sixth ft.
BEST clairvoyant; fee 25c. 849^ Minna St.,
noar Fifth.
MOREAtT, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; reading by mall Jl. C Seventh st.
C. PTKERS. medium; 1124 Oak St.; circles
Tues., 8 p. m. ; Th., 2p. m. ; 2."c: readings, SI.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
llf» reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
SPIRIT test, business medium; sit. 50c. Jl; cir-
cle Tues.. Thurs., Sat. at 8, 10c. 510 Valencia.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. Tth and Sth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2.c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell ft.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
legs successful. Room 810, 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN 8-room cottage. $20; keys at tBO4 Ful-
ton Ft., Park House.
SUNNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath, basement; flat
of 7 rooms, bath, cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St.,
near Dolores.
SUNNY cottage: 7 rooms and bath; $20. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON _ CO.. 170S Market St.
TO LET— IS6B Turk St.; cottage, 4 rooms; also
cottnge of $ rooms in rear; large stable; rea-
fon.-\ble.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. IP. Collins Ft., nr. Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. lIIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zdnkand— Te^th extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform ; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings trom $1 up; other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
fllle'l or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plate* from $3 50
up- teeth without plates a specially; open
evenings and Sunday^
A NEW anesthetic for painless , dentistry,
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, &0c; crowns, $3 60; plates,
full ft. $&; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platf-s our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up- plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flre hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR OEORGE W. LEEK, 80 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth palnleßsly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plate*, $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; loweFt prices; 10
operators; no students. 697 Market St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market et., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. Cth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
Y'H'N'O. IS4I Polk ft.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
WANTED— LadIes to know that Mrs. Livings-
ton of New York, owner and patentee of the
French garment drafting machine, has open-
ed a French dress- cutting school at 688 Sutter
st., where ladles can learn high art dress-
cutting, designing and making, as we teach
from plain Hewing to the most elaborate
trimmed gown»; also ladles tailoring; Inves-
tigation courted; by placing machine on ma-
terial and turning a wheel a perfect fitting
garment can be cut in few minutes; $20
:ourse offered for SIS.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
Ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual instruction;
{Ml graduates annually placed In positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. A., Maaon
and Ellis sts. — Opens October 2. Business and
industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or oend for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 802 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms: low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, rr.ech. survey, assay.archl. ;d_y and even.;
_est. lWi. VAN PER NAILLEN, »83 Market.
BRIGHT young lady stenographers to join
training class to prepare for positions at
AYRES' BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E DCCATIO N AL.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st. ;
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 954
Adeline St., Oakland. __
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
SINGING, piano: Paris grad.; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 O. G. aye.. r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpslc; lessons. 75c. 820 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 805 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ?>'/
ORPHEUM Employment — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Blac'.; 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. OEO. OAKI. 30 deary st. : tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian girl desirea a situ-
ation as cook or' houseworker; good ref.
MISS H. CULLINAN, phone Main 651.
NEAT young girl desires a situation as second
girl or assist housework; $12 to $15.' MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st '
YOUNG Swedish girl desires a situation as
nursegirl. Apply to MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st. .-" ■
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best city ref. MISS H. CULLINAN,
823 Sutter st
LADIES, we can supply you with first-class
eervants at short notice. if orders left ex-
clusively with us. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
816 Sutter st.
COMPETENT young woman, good plain cook,
thorough neat houseworker, In small fam-
ily; year In last place. Box 2332, Call.
COLORED girl wants position aa infant's
nurse. Address box 1265, Call.
AN elderly woman wishes light housework In a
small family In this city. Address M.. Clem-
ent Ft and Thirty-first avenue, care of F.
Brown. .
LADY, with general knowledge about oleanlng
and renovating dresses and clothing, etc., .
wishes work by the day; may also take work
at home. 211SH Van Ness avenue.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work, ladies*
or misses', In families by the day or at home.
819 A Sutter St., telephone 962 Larkin.
COMPETENT lady stenographer and type-
writer wants steady city position; salary $50
per month; five years in last place; best ref-
erences. Box 2336, Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse: kind, willing: mental
or other cases; chronics preferred; salary $12
to $15 a week; prominent physician's refer-
ence. Address 2206 Steiner st.
LADY wishes ' position in widower's family;
competent to Instruct children In music. Box
2349, Call. '
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission »t., room 1.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, stylish and
quick, wishes engagements at $1 50 per day;
ladies' tailoring; ref. given. Box 2343, Call. ■
BY young lady of experience, position as sten-
ographer; best references; wages moderate.
Box 1262. Call.
A YOUNG woman, good worker, wants plain
washing, window and house cleaning; $1 day
from 8 to 6. 1061 Howard st. >?
TRUSTWORTHY educated woman wants po-
sition as useful companion; care invalid,
children; sews well; speaks French. Box
2360, Call office. _
LADY would give morning and evenings for a
home; good housekeeper; would assist dress-
maker. Box 2316, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants situation aa cook, or
general housework; wages $25. Address box
2314. Call office.
REFINED lady, experienced traveler, desires
position of lady's companion, amenuenßls or
governess; is willing to travel or go to coun- I
try; reference exchanged. Address box 2361, i
Call office. j
LADY of good appearance, qualified to fill of- i
flee position, accustomed to meeting people, j
desires position In an office or with whole- I
sale house. Address Experienced Traveler,
box 2.16.1, Call office.
WOMAN wishes day's work of any kind,. Ad-
dress 19' i Church aye., bet. Powell and
Stockton and Broadway and Vallejo sts.
A WOMAN, first-class housekeeper, would like
position. 517 Ninth St., Oakland.
AN experienced dressmaker and seamstress de-
sires a position by the month In wealthy fam-
ily . Box 809. Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a young orphan girl to
take care of children for home or small wages.
Please call or address C. C, 209 Charter Oak
aye., bet. Silver and Augusta, San Bruno
road.
MIDDLE-AGED lady of refinement desirea po-
sition as managing housekeeper or charge of
first-class rooming house. Call Monday, 214
McAllister st, room 45.
A LADY with a child wants to get a place to
work In a email family with small wagps and
a good home; would go to Oakland. Call at I
179 Fourth st. city; no trlflers. |
BY refined widow, as working housekeeper for
elderly gentleman. Address A. B. C, 1941
Mission st.
SITUATION wanted as dressmaker's helper
(experienced) or sewinr and remodeling In
families; very reasonable. Box 2296. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS Danish girl desires situation
to do upstairs work; city or country. 608
Locust aye., off Laguna St.; phone Scott 740.
LADY bookkeeper, stenographer and type-
writer wishes position; city or country town.
Address box 1261. Call office. ■
WOMAN wishes position as .housekeeper or
companion to an invalid lady. Address box
2302. Call office.
PROTESTANT woman with child 4 years old,
place as working housekeeper; is a good cook,
Call at 1309 Lyon st. '
GERMAN girl from New York would like a
position to do housework or French and Ger-
man cooking. 930 Montgomery st.
YOUNG lady wishes a place as housekeeper;
city or country. 807 Fourth st., room IS.
LADY would like a place as housekeeper; city.
1033 Valencia st
COMPETENT middle-aged widow. with-
out any lneumbrances, wishes a position as I
housekeeper for widower or bachelor, In city !
or country, for a good home. Address MRS.
H. BURT, 258 Eighth st. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
GERMAN butcher, all round at the trade,
seeks position in country town. Box 2304,
Call office.
YOUNG man wants work as oiler on a ship;
4 years' experience In machine shop. Box
2309, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man; printer,
bookkeeper, good penman and accurate at
figures; wages no object Address box 2329,
Call office.
STEADY Job in furniture and carpet store;
carpet laying preferred. Box 2845, Call office.
BAKER on cakes and bread wants position.
ITS Fourth St., room 18.
YOUNG man wishes mechanic's board In small
private Christian family. Box 2344, Call.
WANTED by a young man holding: English
master's certificate, position on shore either
night or day work. Apply to J. H. CARTER,
, 732 Valencia at.
YOUNG man (German), speaks English- ex-
perience valet; attendant with hospital ex-
. perience; drive delivery wagon, etc, wishes
- work. G. HABERDANK, 369 Jessie st
AN able-bodied middle-aged man wishes posi-
tion on ranch where he can make himself
generally useful; salary no object for first
three months; prefers Nevada or Southwest-
ern California. Address W. N. ADAMS, In-
ternational Hotel, Ban Francisco, Cal.
MAN and wife with one child wish positions to
take care of private place; man understands
business thoroughly, and wife is good house-
keeper; references. Address box 1233, Call.
YOUNG man having some knowledge of wood
carving wishes a position where he can finish
his trade; good references. Address box 1240,
Call. ■:..-■
BOOKKEEPER and salesman, 16 years' exper-
ience, wants position, city or country; would
leave U. 8. ; Mexico, Manila, anywhere; ref-
erences and bond. H. L. LLOYD. 836 Mission.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
situation In private place; can milk; bandy
with tools; temperate habits; references. P.
LUND, 860 Seventh st. Oakland. '
STUDENT at Heald's Engineering School will
work for board or board and room out of
school hours. RUFERT, 207 Montgomery ay.
WANTED— in wine cellar by a man
who understands the business; city or coun-
try. %odress 1110 Powell. A. DEMOUSSET.
THOROUGHLY competent and experienced en-
gineer wishes a position; best of references.
Address box 2801, Call. •
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried, first-class hotel experience, : wants per-
manent situation: city ' or . country. Commu-
nicate yrltb, box fill, Call office, \
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE^
AN Italian, recently arrived and witn best
references, desires employment aa sculptor;
Is Droficlent In drawing, modeling and all
sorts of ornamental work, cornices, etc.;
holds silver medal Academy of Genoa, Italy.
Address L. F. LASTRETO. 318 Front St.
CHRISTIAN man wants situation; steady
work the object. Address P. SORENSEN, 550
Mission st.
GERMAN, first-class rardener, wishes situa-
tion in a private place; city or country; good
references. Address box 1228, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market St.. San Francisco; exam, free,
EXCHANGE.
FOR house with a mortgage of $1000 or $2000,
in city, Oakland or Alameda, will give 82U
acre farm near Grass Valley; fenced, culti-
vated; 7 room house, etc., without a mort-
gage on it; contains rock which assays $10
ton; should be Investigated; $3250. COFFEY,
HUGHES & HERBST, 19 Montgomery st.
$20,000—6 MODERN flats new and complete;
rents $145 per month; best location in Oak-
land; to exchange for Income property in San
Francisco; will pay $10,000 to $20,000 difference
or assume mortgage. WILLIAM J. DINOEB,
room 18, second floor, Mills building, San
Francisco, or 903 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR exchange— Hay wards; modern 9-room
house; 2 to o acres in full bearing fruit; 3
blocks from cars and school: price $."> n 'JO. Ad-
dress box 48, Builders' Exchange, Oakland.
FOR exchange— Los Angeles property for San
Francisco business or house and tot; a double
eight-room house, lot 50x120. value $2200, mort-
gage $1000. Address box 2346. Call.
WANTED— A small Improved ranch, worth
from $3000 to $4<'oO, for Oakland property.
Address box 769, Call office, Oakland.
HALF Interest in a business; same owner 28
years; capital needed $3000. Call room 3, 1007H
Market st.. near Sixth.
HOTEL men— Yau will find several good hotels.
Call room 8, 1007^ Market St., near Sixth.
TO exchange any kind of property go to room
3. 1007^ Slarket St., near Sixth.
FLATS TO LET.
BUCHANAN. 906 and 612 — Sunny oorner flats,
4 and 6 rooms, bath; very cheap rent.
BUSH. 2!2B— Sunny modern flat; seven (7)
rooms, large yard and basement; rent reason-
able.
ELLIS, 2049, near Devlsadero— Fine flat of C
rooms and bath; water free; rent $20.
FINE double flat, 8 rooms and bath; yard and
garden; reduced rent. 658 Hayes st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sun-
ny; rent $12. 1718 Leavenworth st.
GEARY, 2223V6— Flat of 3 sunny rooms; rent
reasonable.
GEARY, 2226—2 flats, 6 good rooms and bath
each; all sunny.
GROVE. 644— Six large sunny rooms, bath and
all modern Improvements; $21.
LASKIE, 70C, off~Misslon_ bet Eighth and
Ninth; $7 50; small rear flat
NEAR City Hall; sunny upper flat, 6 rooms
and bath. 27 Birch aye., off Larkin St., bet.
Grove and Fulton. ,
O'FARRELL, 1983 to I*37— New flats Just com-
pleted; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
SEVENTH. 454, corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 8.
BUNNY flat, 4 rooms and bath; $10. Inquire at
32T2 Twenty-fifth st.
TWO flats, 3313 and 3315 Twenty-first, near
Valencia: 3 rooms and bath each.
1 UPPER flat of 4 rooms: large yard and stables.
[ 2 Hay ward St., off Harrison, near Eighth.
$9— MINNA, 1025— Flat of four sunny rooms; all
conveniences.
4 ROOMS and stable: $10. Apply 2622 Mls-
s!on st
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY m;Utingr, 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet Bewed.laid and lined.
50c per"yarJ. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton st., nr. Broadway.'
FURNITURE of 4 rooms and bath; cheap.
1816 Webster st., rear flat.
FURNITURE for sale of four rooms. 126 Ash
aye.; $50.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. Kins: Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, Bent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.; high-
est price paid; postal. EL COLEMAN, 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— $5000 carpetß. furniture, etc. : highest
price pal.i: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
FURRIERS, FURS. KTC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokee, $10 to
{30. R'">BT. WALLACE. ll. r > Kenrny, top llnor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS wanted — Economy harness riveter;
every fanner takes one; with horse and cart
our country agents make $200 per month; send
$1 fur sample and terms. Foote Economy Co.,
337 Banchet St., Los Angeles, Cal.
AGENTS to write bicycle protection against
theft for home company; big money to right
parties. Between 10 and 12, room 30, 305 Lar-
kln st.
AGENTS— Everywhere make $3 to $15 daily
selling our new gasoline gas lamps. Brilliant
Gus Lamp Co., 48 Clark at., Chicago.
MEN A women to travel & appoint agents;
salary $75 mo., expenses; rapid advance-
ment; brilliant opportunity. Address, with
ref., BX'TLER & ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
INSURANCE agents. Apply .National Mutual
Maturity Co., rooms 209-210, Examiner bldff.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSF.N & CO PHONH GRANT ISS
2 waitresses, city $20; waitress, Stockton, $20:
waitress, San Mateo, sea party here at l 6
Monday; waitress, Colusa, $20; 2 waitresses.
Gait, fare here, $20; 3 waitresses, Nevada
City, $20; 2 waitresses, Woodland, $20; cham-
bermaid to wait, Antloch. $22 50; chamber-
maid to wait, Mt. View, $20; laundress,
Jamestown, $17 50: lroner, San Jose, $25;
lroner, Vallejo, $40-$."O, sea party here at 11
o'clock Monday; waitress, San Jose, $25;
waitress, Hanford, $20; chambermaid, Palo
Alto, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... PHONE GRANT ISS
girls for Bakersfleld, San Jose, Merced, So-
noma Co.. $10-$25; cook for Llvermore, $30,
and 40 girls for city and country. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GOVERNESS for country, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSEWORK, city, $30; American family,
Oakland. $25: San Rafael, $25; Alameda, $20;
Berkeley, $20; Bakerefield, $25; Mill Valley,
$20; St. Helena, $15; Stockton, $20: Harbor
View, $25; Santa Rosa, $15; San Jose. $15, and
several other towns; 20 housework girls, city,
$20 and $25; 10 young girls to assist, $10 to %li.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 823 Sutter St., phon«
Main 661. __^
WOMAN with a child to do chamber-work and
waiting; Mountain View; $15. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 323 Butter St.
WANTED— Two laundresses for Institution, $25
and $30; cook for Oakland, no wash, American
family, $25; waitress for private boarding-
house. $20; waitress, country hotel, $22 50;
Protestant second girl, $20, and a large num-
ber of girls for housework In city and coun-
try at $20 to $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 816 Sutter Bt.
AT the Women's Educational and Industrial
Union. 7 Van Ness aye.. nr. Market, English,
French. Spanish. German, bookkeeping, arith-
metic, halrdressinir, manicuring, dressmaking,
millinery, mandolin, violin, guitar taught for
$1 50 per month; singing and ooaklng taught,
$1 per month: female help supplied.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework;
only one with good references need apply
719 Scott st
GIRL to assist In Jiousework. Call 2820 Green-
wich st.
OPERATORS wanted to work In factory on
ladles' and children's wear. 723 Market St.,
room 85.
FEW operators wanted on overalls, as also on
overshirts; we have also a few vacant ma-
chines for learners; steady work; can earn
from $4 to $8 per week when experienced
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
OPERATORS on white goods. Infants' caps
and ladles' underskirts; good wages and
steady work. BAUER BROS. St CO.. 21
Sansome st.
WANTED— A young woman from 7a. m. to 3
p. m. to make up rooms and help waiting on
table; must speak French; 110 and board
, Apply 618 California Bt. uu*ra.
HELP WANTED— FEMAIE^^
GOOD makers wanted. MRS. S. THOMAS, 114
Grant aye. ,
EXPERIENCED operators on w . r ?PP "''" 1 1 3
skirts to take work home. NEW BAUER
, BROS.. 18 First st. __^
OPERATORS on -waists and pawns. NEW-
BAUER L BROS 18 First st.
WANTED— Parties to travel with hypnotlo
troupe. Address box 2335, Call office.
GIRL for cooking and general housework; Ger-
man preferred; $20; two in family. Call Mon-
day 1 to 3, 2217 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Reliable woman for housekeeper In
Berkeley; 2 in family; no washing: light
work; state wages. Box 2282. Call office.
WANTED— experienced waist hands at S. F.
Mfg. Co., Call at 40& A Turk st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework In
small family. 1315 Steiner st.
GIRL for general housework: $25; good cook;
call between 9 and 12 o'clock. 423 Cole st.
WANTED — Talloress and bottonhole-maker.
1252 Folsom st ;
SHIRT and overall operators; inexperienced In-
structed. Appl" 410^ Mission st.
WANTED— pants finishers: steady
work; good pay. 411% Kearny St.; top floor.
EXPERIENCED apprentice girl on custom
coats; steady work. R. 115-117. Phelan bldg.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
FRANCIS. 796 Sutter st.
WANTED— lmprovers on waists. FRANCIS,
796 Sutter at. • ___
FIRST-CLASS stenographer who can keep set
double entry books. Apply box 2353, Call.
FIRST-CLASS tailored; also dressmakers and
improvers. Apply Monday, r. 4, 231 Post st.
WANTED— GirI to assist with light housework
and baby. 129 Olive aye.. near Van Ness.
TRIMMER wanted. THORN'S, 28 Geary it
MIDDLE-AGED lady to do light housework;
wages $12. 225 Rltch St.
TAILORESS wanted to work on pant». 803
Montgomery St., 3d floor, room t; high wages.
WANTED— GirI for bakery; experienced pre-
ferred; no Sunday work. To-day, 2129 Mission
st. ; also a strong boy.
GIRL to assist with general housework and
baby. 630 Turk st.
NEAT girl for light housework; small family;
good home. 610H Polk at.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats; good
wages; steady work. 410 Kearny St., room 38.
GIRL to set type. 316 California St., room 20.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 22^ Fremont St.,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
moderate wages. 2930 Octavla St., corner
Greenwich.
GIRL for Bakersfleld for cooking and general
housework. Call forenoon, 1810 Bush st.
GIRL for housework and assist with children,
220& Waller at.
60 GIRLS to sew on buttons. 364 Fremont st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 102 Post it.
WANTED— Lady who can sew on fine work
both by hand or machine; also use typewriter.
Box 2185. Call, stating ability, wages; hours
from 8 till 6 p. m.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist with
housework and some sewing; small wages.
835V4 Stevenson st.
WANTED— for housework. 68 Car-
mellto St., off Herman and Waller, between
Pierce and Scott. .
GIRL for general housework; good wages. 629
McAllister st.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION. Sixteenth st. near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
176 San Jose aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st
HELP WANTED
OFFICE open Monday, 7 a. m. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FEE ....'. FREE FARE
For coast road, ship Tuesday morning, labor-
ers and teamsters; free fee. C. R. HANSN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
COMPANY WORK FREE FARE
20 laborers for track work. $1 75 a day, board
$4 60 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. . ■ ■
10 STONEMASONS. $3 60; 15 helpers. $2; for
railroad work; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
FARE ADVANCED SAWMILL WORK
Crosscutters, $80; barkers, $30; snipers, $35;
jackscrewers. $35: swampers, $26; see boss
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary gt.
CABINET-MAKER, $2 50; sack sewer, $2 and
board; hostler, $25 and found; almond pickers,
$1 25 and board; blacksmith, ranch, $40 and
found: 2 carpenters, $3 a day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, hotel, Honolulu, $60, free fare;
see party here to-day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
S WAITERS, game country hotel. $25; waiter,
country hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
YOUNG man with references who can drive de-
livery wagon and knows something of green
grocer business; $10 a week and Increase. C.
' R. HANSEN CO., 104 Geary St.
CHEF, $100; 3 waiters, $50; north. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MILKER who understands cows and calves,
$35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
FREE FARE FOR MARTINEZ
10 4-horse scraper teamsters $2 25 a day
10 2-horse scraper teamsters $2 a day
10 laborers $2 a day
SHIP TO-DAY
C. R HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
8 CARPENTERS to do rough flume building for
a company, $3 a day, about 3 months' work;
scroll workers, city; buggy washer, $50; har-
ness cleaner, $50; 2 stablemen, $40 and $25; 8
men for bean fields, $1 day and found; grape
pickers, $1 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary St.
FRENCH or German chef, $100; 2 French. Swiss
or Alsatian second cooks, country, $60; res-
taurant cooks, $14, $13. $12, 111. $10, $9 and $8 !
a week, city; fry cook. $50; potwashers and I
• dishwashers, $30 and $25; scrubber, hotel, $20,
cleaner for a springs hotel, $20; cook and
helper, $70.
Railroad camp cook, $50, free fare. .
6 hotel waiters. $30: restaurant waiters, $45.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced driver for milk wagon
In city; reference required; $35 and found.
W. D. EWER, 610 Clay st.
CONCRETE men and laborers to work on Cal-
ifornia Powder Works' reservoir at Pinole;
laborers wages $2 per day; no discount; cash
payment when men quit or discharged;
, board $4 60 per week. E. M. CARR, Pinole.
PARTY well acquainted and controlling busi-
ness can secure position In large fire and
marine Insurance office; salary paid to right
party. Address box 2307. Call.
WANTED— GOOD DEPUTY ORGAN-
IZERS for ONE of the BEST FRATERNAL
ORDERS In California. Call or address DR
W. M. PARK, 24 Sixth «t., room 6; hours'
10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College
Washington, D. C.
WANTED— Experienced wrappers. State ex- |
perience, age and salary expected. Box 2306 '
Call. \_ ' j
16 YOUNG men for hunting trip; no experience
required. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Young man to work In laundrv-
call after 9 a. m. 1318 Turk at. uuu ry.
WANTED— or 10 men or boys to sell the East-
ern Salt Pret_els on good commission Call
at 1006 Fourteenth St., corner Twentieth aye
East Oakland. ''
WANTED— Two live men; rood proposition
guaranteed. Apply at 22 Post St., from 7:30
.to 8:30 p. m., Sept. 25. /
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m., at the St«venson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
AN architectural firm has an opening; In Its
office for a student. Address box 2335. Call.
WANTED— 14 yearn old work In candy
store; well recommended. 812 Valencia st.
WANTED— at ROOS BROS.', 25 to VI
Kearny st.
WANTED— Dishwasher; call I a. m. 1410 How-
ard st.
TWO good waiters wanted at 112 Fourth at.
WANTED— Good dishwasher. 113 Turk at., res-
taurant. ■ -
BEDMAKER and a sweeper. The Dewey
House. 32 East st.
WANTED— A man to deliver and collect;
salary $60 per month; security required-
must be willing to work small towns and
country. Central, 3913 Jd&rket, Philadelphia.
HELP WANTED—
MURRAY^sTnEAT)r.^T..PHOi<E MAIN 584S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
'.. WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M :
harness makers.. stone and concrete masons
upholsterers slate splitters
wood turners mill bench hands
cabinetmakers sash door makers
biockmakers setters sawmills
machinists on corrugated rolls coopers
wages above jobs. $5, $4. $3 60. $3. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
164 laborers and teamsters, $2 50. $2, $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. .
STABLEMEN OTHER HELP
14 stablemen hostlers, buggy washers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country, $0. $40,
$30 $25 and found: also help for Ltan. Ore-
gon, Washington. Hawaiian Islands Ari-
zona, British Columbia. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay at. j
FRUIT PICKERS
GRAPE PICKERS
.....565 MEN AND 80Y5...............
....FARES $1 25, OFFICE FEE $1 ONLY....
....ANYBODY WILL SUIT; YOU WILL....
. 80 to 90 days' work, $30 per mo. and rd....
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WE PAY YOUR FARES.
; TO 38 SAWMILLS. ETC...
..NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
197 MEN FOR 50 different j0b5........
..FROM LABORERS to RUN MACHINES..
WAGES $26 to $40 per month and found..
ALSO LUMBER FILERS, crosscut sawyers,
......tree fellers, bark peelers, Jack screwers,
woodsmen and millmen of every descrip-
tion. $80, $75. $63. ISO $43. $40 $30 and found;
woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle and bolt
makers picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
to every R. R. in California but 0ne....
drillers, hammersmen, teamsters, laborers,
stone masons, etc., from $3 50 day: board,
lodging, etc.. cost $4 50 week (remember the
one we don't ship to is Coast R. R). MUR-
RAY & READY, 6^4-636 Clay at.
CARPENTERS •• CARPENTERS
26 carpenter 8 hours, free fare, 16 miles from
San Francisco. 9 months' j0b............" day
18 carpenters, city and country j0b.. ..53 day
MURRAY & READY. 684-638 Clay st.
 9 GOLD MINES
..4 SILVER MINES
83 OTHER MINES ..............
16 miners ZXpS ay
184 laborers "(no experience wanted), $57 per
month, including board and lodging -•
26 laborers, fare $1 50, No. 1 mine $»3
!* ! abOr *. r8 \ . f . arC . * . 60 . - N °'. •*- . ml^' 'and "found
27 laborer's, iarge mine ••••• I* 63
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BOILER-MAKERS MACHINISTS
BLACKSMITHS ..........
7 boiler-makers, country Jobs ••••♦ Jo day
6 machinists, city and country j0b5.... 53 day
7 blacksmiths' helpers.. $50 $3d and found
MURRAY & READY. 6J4-636 Clay st.
.... MARRIED HELP
6 farmers and wives.. 2 waiters and waitresses
2 milkers and wives V""V=
2 chambermaids and porters
6 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
Wife to cook for men, man as choreman on
ranch; $60 $55. $50, $46, $40, $35, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
32 cooks.s6s. $55, $50, $45, $40. $35, $30 and found
19 waiters.. $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
38 dishwashers $30, $25. $20, $15 and found
4 first, 5 second, 6 third hand bakers, also a
boys to learn. $45, $40. $35. $30, $25, $20 $15
and found; come and see us; 15 porters, bed-
makers, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen.
janitors. $30, $25. $20, $15 and found; 7 laun-
dry men $35. $30, $25 and found
6 cooks and wives. MURRAY' & READY, 634-
-636 Clay St. .
GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP......
25 laborers (no experience), fare 60c $69
12 laborers, flare 60...; ■•••••"' w
18 teamster-, fare 75c *2 25 day
25 4-horse teamsters $34 and found
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, wages $3 50, $3, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day;
5 milk wagon drivers, city, $35. $25 and found;
young man for a grocery store, city..........
* __ ° $20 and found
railroad section hands, fare 60c $60
MRURAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A-CHOREMEN AND BOYS
83 choremen and boys for farms, stores,
shops, learn 23 trades, work in factories,
manufacturing concerns, etc.. $40, $30, $25, $20,
$16, $10 and found; by the day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SEE BOSS AT OUR OFFICE TO-DAY
For a large sawmill, fare PAID
60 experienced woodsmen BIG WAGE 9
35 experienced millmen BIG WAGES
60 laborers (no experience wanted), $26 to $40
and found; beautiful climate in California,
WE PAY MURRAY & READY.
YOUR FARE 634 and 636 Clay at.
3 BAKERS and confectioners; cook and wife,
$90; wheelwright, country shop; cook and
wife. $60. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638
Clay st.
A— HARVEST FIELDS FARMS AND
DAIRIES
hoe downs, cleaner tenders, forkers, 4 labor-
ers to work around thrasher, sack sewers.
straw bucks, derrick forkers, fireman. $4. $3,
$2 60, $2, $1.5. $150 day
20 strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
92 farm hanas, steady jobs
$35, $30, $26 and found
9 milkers $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay st.
FRUIT and grape pickers, Sonoma, Napa,
Santa Clara and other counties, $30 and
found; help for private families. $25 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638
Clay st. ■
FARE PAID OREGON FARE PAID
25 men to work for a sawmill company.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
READ THESE
Butcher, cafe near city, easy good Job
2 cooks, Government and State Institutions.,
$40 and found
Machine blacksmith, city $3 day
Blacksmith on wagons' ironwork $3 day
Wood turners
Grape pickers by the ton $150 ton
Help for foundry and wineries, city. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
$3 50 day.. COAL MINERS.. S3 50 day
TO SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
Fare paid; boss at our office; come see him
We Shipped 20 Last Monday
Shipping 75 Tuesday Next
Shipping 75 Saturday Next
there has not been any labor trouble
there is not now any labor trouble
there will not be any labor trouble
great contracts have been made by the RR.
companies for the coal, which will insure
work for years to come.
REMEMBER
if you are In British Columbia, Oregon,
Washington or other States, or any part of
California, come at once and we will ship
you ■<-.:.
DON'T WRITE ....MURRAY & READY.
COME YOURSELF™... 634 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIAL IMPORTANT
2 TEAMSTERS, GOVERNMENT WORK ..
$2 day
housecleaner, institution, city
$20 and found
2 grill Ironworkers, city $3 day
mess boy; young man city coal yard
5 miners, fare $2 60 $C 0
extra butcher. $2 day: man to carry hread:
2 carpenters, Shasta Co $2 75 day
IP laborers, a new mine $52 and found
second hotel cook, fare paid ....$35 and found
second cook $14: night cook, $12; 4th cook, $10.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
PLUMBER wanted; a good Jobber. 419 Mason
street.
GOOD tailor; nteady work all year round. R.
115-117, Phelan building.
TINSMITH (first class) wanted. Apply 553
Mission st. -
EXPERIENCED book folder wanted. Apply at
626 Clay St.
YOUNG man to press and sew on fine coats;
answer immediately. Box 2181; Call office.
TAILOR for bushellng on military tailoring;
steady work; good pay. 2818 Greenwich st.
FIRST-CLASS salesman wanted: liberal offer.
Call to-day (Sunday), 439 Jessie st.
EXPERIENCED dress 1 , fancy and men'i fur-
nishing salesmen. Box 2354, Call office.
ANTED— Several hustlers, men or women;
good wages; easy work. 472H Thirteenth st.,
Oakland.
WANTED— A first-class bartender: must have
good references; wages $60. Call after 8 a.
m. at 38 East st.
WANTED— parcel boy. Apply, with refer-
ences, at EAGLESON & CO.'S, 535 Market.
JOB printer with $1200; -grand opportunity;
clears $100 per month; business established IT
years. Address box' 21S0, Call.
WANTED— First-class electric wire man.
HETTY BROS.. 126 Ellis st. '". V '
HARNESSMAKER wanted; country shop; no
family; steady work; see party 265 Stevenson
Bt.. 10:30 to 11:30 a. m., Sunday, September 24.
BARBERS'— Good 3-chair shop at a bargain If
sold soon; prices 15e and 25c. Box 2154. Call.
WANTED— Three men of energy to canvass;
straight salary. 8 a. m., 800 Post st.
WANTED— plan man for stone
work. Colusa Stone Company. 206 Kearny st.
WANTED— Young man to drUe milk wagon at
816 Treat aye.
ANTED— Band sawing and shaper man.
EAST OAKLAND PLANING MILL.
BOY wanted who speaks German. J. HUSCH-
LER. 1338 Alabama st.
WANTED— Sober and reliable German to drive
bakery wagon; good wages; only one who
has driven a bakery wagon in this town be-
fore and has good recommendations need ap-
ply. Box 2295. Call office.
PAYING 6c barber shop at a bargain If sold
at once. 3401,, Third st. ■ '
WANTED— Bench hands. Apply superintendent
THOMAS DAY CO.. 725 Mission bUnELP WANTED MALE.
V PHOLSTEKER Wanted Steady work; i rood
ires^HOCK I
PENS? NS J H. SHEPARD _ CO.. attor-
— — ntys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush st., third floor, room 4.
BAILORS ond ordinary men for coast and
gAUßtraUtti at \ HERMAN 1 5, M - Steuart at.
BARnERjri Progressive UnlonPfrTe^elnploF
nit. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 rth; tel. Jessie IJ2.
SAILORS and shio carpenters for Europe.
Htwailajj Islands. Manila, Alaska, New York.
v». LANK. Shipping Agent. 804-606 Davis st.
.00 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission at., bet. Ist nd 2d sts.
GET your shoes ■..., waiting: 25c
to We 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
xvinilo-- diogser. Apply box 2272. Call.
GENT'S line calf shoes to order, $2 JO up; sole-
Ing. 20c to 33c; heeling. 15c up. 023 Howard St.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only institution teaching the tonso-
rlnl art: constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures or. dcrijiatoicKy : Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed, call or writ* for illustrated cata-
i"KUo. Mohler's Barber College, C3i Olay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that h.i Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. . 150 large
room.-; Sine per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 7! and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
i:. B. STONE' S. camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 40« McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and wmen to learn barber trade at S.
K. BARBER COLLEGE, 13SH Eighth st.
100 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 100 and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, S63^ Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c n'.aht; reading room: free
'bus nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenrla Ft.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Eto^-For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
527 Sixth St.; auction eales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TOR SALE— Fifteen fresh milk cows. Apply
to JAMES JACOBS, San Carlos, San Mateo
County.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HORSES WANTED.
WANTED— Young stylish horse, gentle, to
drive and ride. Address box 1272, Call office.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
to-Roo—T "TT.^ TT.i. ~. '.'.. „
CORNER HOUSE
CLEARS $200
ONLY $1600
SO rooms; corner; rent $55 $750
IS rooms; on Turk, near Market 650
SK> rwms; on Eddy st. ; must 5e11...-. 600
26 rooms; corner; apartment house 1600
11-room house; one floor 850
S2 rooms: 2 fronts; clears $250 2200
36 rooms: on Market st. ; clears $.200 1450
•H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
15 •ms; Jones st.; part cash ;...... .$6OO
21 rooms; rent $40; only 400
24 rooms; rent $35; corner 600
li rooms; must Bell; make offer to-day.
Money to Loan at 3 per cent.........
$175— ROOMING house, 8 rooms; must sell at
once. Bee COWING & CO., 595 Market st.
$:»00 WILL buy a corner house of. 32 rooms; all
full. EITEL, IOOS^i Market st.
1-X»R genuine bargains or for a loan en your
furniture go to PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE, 1007% Market st, near Sixth.
$300 — FINE sunny corner: 12 rooms; central; al-
ways pays. . NBAKER, 6 Eddy st. *
$750 — 15 ROOMS; sunny; all rented; good fur-
niture; Mason st. HUNSAKER, 8 Eddy st.
FOR Bale Lodging-house, 2 blocks from Mar-
ket st, at sacrifice on account of death. Ap-
ply KELLY, 437 Parrott building.
ROOMLNG-HOTsn, '■- rooms, for sale on ac-
count of slcknoss. 9:2 Mission et.
TO rent— 9-room lodging-house, with private
entrance in rear: newly painted, papered;
3134 O'Farrell St., nr. Mason. 15 Grant aye.
BE A LEI, 343, near Santa Fe Terminal— Large
house 50 rooms; good renting location.
LODGING houses — before buying *•••- sell-
Ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 4?6 Kearny.
HOUSES WANTED.
FURNISHED, 8 to 10 rooms; good location:
moderatA rent; pood care. THE MCCARTHY
CO., 646 Market et
WANTED — Good paying lodging-house; state
lowest prico. Address box 1271. Call office.
HOUSES TO 1.1.1.
STsFEXK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. FLATS.
I°l4 Clay; 12 rms $73:U0',4 Turk; 8 rms.. $45
tOO 2 Washington; 9r 50 132 Scott; 6 rms... 18
SlO McAllister; 9 r. 401 707 Stockton; 6 r.. 25
U23 Broadway; 8 r.. 30, 41? Fulton; 3 rms.. 10
A— 9lo MCALLISTER st. ; fine sunny 9 rooms,
bath; reduced from $45 to $40 to good tenant
A. M. SPECK _ CO.. 667 Market St.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE modern house, 1818 California st. : 13
rooms and bath; $ 2 50: water free. CENTER
_ SPADER, agents, 11 Montgomery st.
HOUSE 8 rooms, bath, laundry, storeroom.
large stable and lawn; rent $30. Apply 8164
Twenty-fourth st,
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 205— House of I room*,
in fine order) yard; $25.
HOUSE huntinjr made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 8 sunny rooms and bath; 8543 Twen-
ty-first, between Dolores and Church; rent
$22 50; take T-.venty-second-st. cars.
HOUSE of 8 rooms, bath, modern Improve-
ments; rent $16. 2766 Twenty-third et, bet.
York and Hampshire.
JKSPIE. 4«0, bet. Fifth and Sixth— house,
6 rooms; water free.
JONES, 1532— A modern house, bay-window,
splendid condition, large basement; hi block
from Jackson-st. cars; marine view.
LAGUNA. 1715-1717— Two sunny modern
houses each of I rooms and bath; newly pa-
rered. -—
SEVENTH, 225, near Containing S
rooms and bath, sunny, first-class location;
rent low. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
SIXTH 121— Newly renovated house, 11 rooms,
ail light and airy; low rent to good, perma-
nent tenant. SOL GETZ & BRO., room A,
Crocker building.
SIXTH, House containing 7 rooms and
bath, fine location; rent low. Apply MADI-
SON & BURKE.
$18—4 ROOMS and bath, gas rang- gas mantle.
113 Ollva aye., near Polk and O'Farrell sts.
$16— EIGHT rooms, yard; fine view. Lombard
et. n»ar Hyde. _
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
POST, 1351. between Franklin and Gough sts. —
Furnished 8 rooms and bath; large grounds,
lawn etc ; low rent on lease, or will rent un-
furnished If desired. Apply MADISON &
lil'P.KlO.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST— On East rt., bet. Broadway wharf and
Clay 1 bale lace leather. The finder can re-
turn to 110 Pay st and get reward.
LOST— Bernard dog, white and yellow; an-
ewers name Rex. Liberal reward given at
ROOS BROS., .-. to 37 Kearny st
LOST— Pockft-book with the name of H. 11.
Fletcher on cover, containing paper. Leave
at 318 Bush It for reward.
OST Tuesday, Sept. 19. small rock parrot.
Return 2% fay St., off Clay, nr Mason; re-
warJ. ;
LOST— (fln«*ep: Initial J. W. H. : reward
R. R. office, Hyde and California sts.
LOST— Tan memorandum book, containing ad-
dreM . Address box 2330. Call.; reward.
LOST— GoId chain and locket: "C. H. P.; re-
ward. 30 Geary St., care or laundry office.
FOUND— Hound, tan with white spots, 3 days
ago nt M>rtle aye. nnd Franklin st. Ad-
dress box l-""3. Call office.
r.IEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor- Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-7*B Clay st. San
Francisco; all diseases ourtd exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over $000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 8:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to !> p. m.
Hili G-OODWIN. lady's physician, formerly
of 401 Van Ness aye. and 1363 Market st;
now at 118 Eddy st., one block from Market.
MRS. PH. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st. bet. Mason and Taylor; hours. 8 to 5.
MEDICAL.
j MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 941 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 610
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. DAVIEB. ladies' physician. 1228
Market St.. bet Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
87 years. 318 Kearny st. '. ■.-;•.--;
MRP. DR. WEGENER, ladles' physician; medl-
eateri baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician. 228 Van Ness
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to > p. m.
| DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
! »■*<•** of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
1 RICH placer mines; paying; man with $500;
good chance. Address bos 123 I . Call office.
CAPE Nome mines; big chance for right man.
Address box test, Cull office.
- — — , . — .
MINES AND MINING.
I W. F. AM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills bid*.. S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
| COPPER mine partly developed; accessible;
runs 10 yn r cent: price $15,000; gold quartz
mine in Oregon, IS-ineh vein $50 ore; price
$5000; purchaser may deal with owner direct.
W. F. AH AM. Mills building.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
' BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 186-187 Fremont St.
I BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 10C3 Mission st. !
j FOR SALE— 2B cows. 14 heifers, 5 horses, 2J
i milk wagons, harness, cans, cooler, etc., and ;
I $300 route; terms cash. Address 8., Call I
Agency, San Jose.
j FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands '
! English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Punsome st, tel. Main 6038.
MOVABLE steam cabinet bath; good for sani-
tarium or private use; well made and pretty;
ocst $40; price $15. Box 2340, Call office.
NEAT, strong, easy riding cart; good order;
price $14. Box 2341, Call office.
WANTED— outfit for a butcher shop. Box
j 2305. Call.
' A VERY neat pair solitaire diamond screw
earrings for $l£ coat originally $35. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
SECOND-HAND wine or cider press, tank,
I barrels, etc. Box 2311. Call.
$10— SINGER sewing machine, nearly new. 700
Eddy st.
i FRESH Jersey cows for sale. 3627 Seventeenth
; street.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
j boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
I FOR sale cheap. Dr. Sanden's Electric Bait, j
with current regulator and attachments for j
lady or gent. 34 Hdxth St.. room 3. '
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus; bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
GOOD Caligraph typewriter, $25; get particu-
lars. L. & M, ALEXANDER. 110 Montgom-
ery st.
BULL terrier pup, S months; finest pedigree.
J. W. THRASHER, of Palace Hotel Laundry.
I SIX h.p. gasoline engine; also 15 h.p. portable
boiler A engine. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
OLD building for sale. Inquire N. MEYER,
311 Battery st.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora bats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SAFES — and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
■ specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st, S. P.. Cal.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC i
ENGINE CO., 1809 Mission st, rear Ninth.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER- I
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
| BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and ■
I 24 in.; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
DR. CREEL B C. P. Mange Cure at all drug |
gists or at the Dog Hospital. i
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly i
Call, 1€ pages, pent to any address In th* ]
United State*, postpaid, for SI per year.
.MISCELLANEOUS A NTS.
WANTED— To buy a first-class ' carriage re-
pair shop; location and price must be right ;
Address 1766 W. Twenty-fifth street, Los An.
geles, Cal. <-}':
YOUNG, stylish horse: gentle to ride and
drive. Address box 2312. Call office.
WANTED— English sextant: good order! cheap,
J. H. CARTER, 732 Valencia St.
WANTED— Bicycle; cheap. Box 2362. Call.
2 DENTAL chairs; must be Al and a bargain.
Ohio Dental Parlors. Inc., So 1 ' Market st. ;
I open evenings and Sundays, 9to 2. j
i WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst
A— Ladles' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
WANTED dally— to 100 gallons of pure milk.
Address J. C. 415 Brannan st
WANTED— Second-hand surrey or light car- i
riage, In good condition. Box 1218. this office. ■
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver j
bought. H. Landecker A Co.. lIS Montgomery. j
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly, j
Call 68-69 Ponohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 8. F.. Oak- j
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without ;
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone Sooth 14. •
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. i.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- j
tain liberal advances on diamonds and j:w-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLJ, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st. j
PARTIES desirous of borrowing $50 to $200 on i
note or business at $ per cent, address Lender, j
box 1255. Call office. j
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HE9THAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bide.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rater- Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lr,4orser. TOUBLEY. 692, Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market nt
MONEY "WANTED.
ISooo— WANTED— mortgage, Berkeley reßi- I
I dene* and 200-acre ranch; good security and
I Interest In advance. Address R., box 114. CalL
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
i AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $« per month, we ask you to Investi-
i gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains '
j In good second-hand uprights upon same easy .
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter j
sts. Ran Francisco, and Thirteenth and \
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago .la KOHLER * CHASES,
26 28 and 80 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; price* lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. "
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
Bord upright «15
Cornish upright - «*
Smith & Barne •AViVi.V&iJ"
4 new Weber pianos cheap. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $89 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
W G BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent fqr
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
i a BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap. ]
SCHMIT&, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank. |
A FINE new walnut upright for $180 oash at
MAUVAIB'. 769 Market ft.
FINE Stein war upright sacrificed for oash.
Room 12, Flood building.
ROSEWOOD piano, fine tune, on $5 Install-
ments. 1115 Post st.
BUY a Decker upright at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
yet at.. If you want the best
GOOD piano In storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market at 1
THE SAN FHAJN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
Mauvals', 769 Market st. Get prices at once.
A— UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 218 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 3CB
Post st. .
WANTED—* Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans^
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. % Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A— SUTTER, 717— Very choice; reasonable; ap-
preciated If seen; please Investigate; baths.
STORE and 8 rooms. 611 Third St.; well lo-
cated for French laundry; large yard.
STORE— Twenty-third and' Guerrero; 3 rooms
and concrete cellar; good location for bakery.
SIXTH, 232— Fine store for millinery or any
business; best block on street. ■
FOR rent or for lease, 963 Howard St.. large
store and large concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
; -uvnu-yy/v^Tu-y^-u-
- pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 618 Geary st, above Jones; clauses;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall. $1.
PERSON
ANY ONE knowing the whereabouts of
GEORGE MARKS, height 6&. weight 135
pounds, blue eye«, dark hair, smooth face,
missing since Monday, please communicate
to 1317 Golden Gate aye. _^
WANTED— Those having' cancer or tumor to
write for free book on home treatment of this
disease by absorption. Address DR. C. S.
MASON. Chatham. N. Y.
LEDEREK'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic gives that
soft ami glossy appearance to the hair; 36c a
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
THE face beautified and hair dressed in the
! very latest style for only 25c: -switches, $1 up;
grny hair restored. $1 50 to $5. G. LEDERER.
123 Stockton st
ANNlE— Where did you get your tailor-made
suit?. At the EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
I 1306 Stockton st. I paid for same at $1 per
week.
BLOOD poisoning, colored spots, mucous
patches in mouth, ulcers and soredh perma-
nent cure. Box 18, Universal Vltallne Co..
Hammond. Ind.
I A FACE specialist; all remedies guaranteed;
advice free. MRS. BUTLER, room 350, Phe-
lan building.
ACCORDEAN Pleating Factory; all kinds of
pleating and pinking. 121 Post st, over
O'Connor & Moffatt's; 3d floor.
GRAY, falling and scalp troubles cured.
KU ESTER, specialist, Narrow-Gauge Depot,
Oakland. Particulars, stamp.
PRIVATE residence for ladies in delicate
health. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1418 Bth, Alameda.
RAG carpets wove to crder and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 70» Fifth. Oakland.
MLLK. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 23S Kearny St.. first floor, rooms l-i.
ANNIE TOOHEY. having \tft my bed and
board, I will not be responsible for any debts
that she may contract hereafter. Dated.
Tuesday, Sept. 12, 18»». JEREMIAH TOO-
HEY, 705 Dolores. St.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestlo rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 76: pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market st., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
WANTED— Name and address of persons owing
mortgages to Pacific States Building and
Loan Association, who have paid In on stock
for 6or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBERO,
632 Market st, S. F., room 23.
JOHN L. BOONS. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st, Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, CaL American and Foreign
Send for circular. 1 Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms:
2.'.c to $150 per night: $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
JAMES A. BORENSON. watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld, 838 Market st
HIRSUTINK Co.. hair specialists, crow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off, cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; f/uarantd. Dr. Gordln. 614 Pine, ab. Krny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'F»rrell. bet. Powell & Magon.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
PROPERTY wanted— l want a nice little
home, with some garden — either cottage or
two small fiats — south of Market St., b«t.
Ninth an.l Twentieth: price cash; $4000 to
$5000. Address box 2334, Call office.
PROPERTY wanted— North Market; walking
distance to Kearny: 2 modern flats; reason-
able terms: no agent need answer. Apply
box 2305. Call office.
CASH buyer wanta eight or nine room house,
north of California st Address Principal,
box 2347. Call office.
CHEAP business corner, with or without
buildings. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11 Montgmy.
COTTAGE; near cars; warm belt; ( rooms;
$2200. "WILLARD," box 2298. Call. '
WANTED — Joint ownership of small grain
ranch; will furnish cash. Box 1428. Call.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR BALE].
A FBTW CHARMERS
AT A. M. SPECK _ CO.'S
In the Examiner building.
$175,000 — Market st. ; 7 years' lease; rents
$10,000 per annum net; grand Improvement*.
$140,000— «-story atone, brick and Iron building;
rents $10,000 per annum; guaranteed lease; 8
years' lease.
$110,000 — J-story new preened brick; 8 years'
guaranteed lease; rents $7000.
$52,000— 4-stpry brick; vicinity of TlToli; pays
t per cent net; always rented.
000— Grand Investment; block from Stock-
ton and Market; lot 83x187; old Improvements;
pays 6 per cent net; if improved will pay 10 per
cent i
$20,000 — Jones st- ; 77-foot front corner with 8
frontages; fair Improvements.
$14,000— Geary St.. near Mason; store and
lodging house.
$18,000— First st.; 87-foot front; I fronts; near
Mission.
$10.500 — flats; very fine; rents $95.
$10,000 — Ninth st, near Mission; business.
$8500 — Stockton St.; rents $70; lease 10 years.
$5000— California st. 3 flats; rents $46.
$4750— St.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from $6500: large lot.
$2000—2 flats; rents $18.
$760— new cottage: large lot, used for
chickens and vegetables.
Other barralns at A. M. SPECK — CO.. (87
Market st. -^
6OL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$804 to $800 — Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build
on; $25 down, $10 monthly.
Branch Office, Ninth aye., near H at. Every
day and Bunday.
$400 to Richmond lots. $10 monthly.
$76 to $300 — Ocean Boulevard lota, $5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Mission st. and Ocean View lot*.
$5 monthly. *:;'-,•■'.''.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ A BROTHER, •
ROOM A. ('ROCKER BUILDING.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money, see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st
C. C. Mis, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st. !
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
_nd Douglass sts. ; must be sold; $oxll4 feet
. $1800— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; EOx
137:6 feet.
Residence and — North line Paclno are.,
near Webster St.; lot mm feet.
$6800— SAL Y terms; new park residence, I sunny
rooms, finished basement, substantial and up
to date, fine location, large lot; Carl st, be-
tween Cole and Stanyan; blue cars Eddy-st.
line pass the door; Halght-st. oars transfer
to same at Masonlo aye. J. BTIERLEN,
builder and owner, on premises.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, li pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. . ■•-•■■;
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS, -^ ■:.■>• i
14 Montgomery street.
BUSINESS.
$40, 000— Downtown business property: near
Kearny and Market streets; 3-story brick build-
Ing; store and lodging?- house; rent $290; 35x
187
$20,000— Flllmore street business property; I
stores and 4 flats; new and modern; rents $Ua' i
per month; 50x87^4.
$18,600— Corner on Davis street;- Improve-
ments; renting for $1080 per annum; 24x75.
Business corner on Eighth street, near
Folsom; one-half cash; store and rooms; 25x75;
rents |S9« per annum.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
$»350— Only 13260 cash required; balance at 6 ,
per cent; store and 5 flats; rents $SD6 per an-
num; 48x81:3; both streets accepted.
$6125— Warm belt of the Mission; 2 elegant, i
new, modern flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath
each; rents $4SO per annum: large lot 33'~>xS>0;
best residence location in the Mission.
$5000— Page street bargain; 2 nearly new, mod-
ern flats of 7 and 5 rooms and bath each; rents ■
$444 per annum; 25x100.
$3000 — Western Addition; rents $372 per an-
num; 3 tenements end lot.
$2500— Sou thslde bargain; store and 3 flats;
rents $360 per annum; Improvements nearly
new; 25xS0.
RESIDENCES.
$20.000— Elite location; Pacific Heights: un- j
excelled marine views: an admirably planned
residence; larg-e sunny rooms; very attractive
Interior; built by the day; very sunny; never
before offered for sale; large lot 7"x137 ; -.;
south front.
— Pin* street: a nearly new, modern resi-
dence of S rooms and bath, basement, eto. and
lot.
$4750— A bargain; to close an estate; rents
$420 per annum; substantial house of 8 rooms
and bath; Geary street; B;liZlM| I frontages, i
Broadway, Pacific Heights; S-atory,
bay-window residence of 6 rooms and bath:
25x183:8.
— Park Panhandle residence; a very nice,
modern residence of 11 rooms and bath, etc; i
26x1C6:3; no reasonable offer refused. .
COTTAGES.
$9000— Nob Hill: California street, near Frank-
lin; cozy cottage of 6 rooms, etc., etc.; 30x137:6.
$2500— Cory Western Addition cottage of 6
rooms and bath; bay-windows, etc.; close to
Halght and FUlmore streets. i
$1750 very cheap home; nearly new, cozy,
modern bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms,
bath, laundry, etc.; brick foundation.
LOTS.
$110 per foot Van Ness avenue; choice resi-
dence lots any size; 110 feet deep.
$1250 and upward— Choice building lots; very
cheap: 10 sold: N T n«, "14th and H»nry street^-
-1 block from Market «treet: ?3xll"> and BxlM
each; level, on grade and ready for building;
offered at very low prices and being so nicely
located are selling rapidly.
"We ax« offering on very easy terms the lots
on Waller and Stelner streets of the German
Bavjngs and Loan Society; street work done
complete; lots all ready to build on; terms »4
cash; balance at 7 per cent; only a few left.
$800 each and upveard— lnstallment lots; Rich-
mond, Tenth avenue-. C and D streets; adja-
cent to the Park; 2!"xl2n; $50 cash; $10 per
month: Interest at 7 per cent.
Choice list of building lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery street.
MADISON' & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established ISO.
Brick building— Battery Ft. business corner,
near Market St. ; in center of wholesale dis-
trict; apply for particulars.
$3000 — Tenements; rents $23; Minna St., near
Fourteenth; 25x&0.
$12,000 Mission St., between First and Sec-
ond; a nice downtown business property.
$6000— Baker st.. near Sacramento; eight
rooms and bath, in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
Clementina St., near Fifth; two houses;
store and flats; rents $55 per month; $23xS0.
$10,000— residence and lot; Oak St., near
Octavla; 44x120 to rear street; has a great
prospective value.
Twenty-seventh St., near Dolores; 11
rooms, 1 baths; lot 25x114.
$r.. r ,oo— Ronts $55 per month; Shotwell st.
corner; store and Cats; lot 26x90.
$3000— Glover st., near Jones and Broadway;
two flats; rent* $24; lot 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
HEALTH resort of San Francisco— Sunset
Beach, near boulevard; lots for sale and rent
for $5, $7 60 and $10: water piped Into cottages
JACOB lIEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
THREE-ROOM cottage; 50x125; • Alvin
Tract, Elmhurst, near Oakland; easy terms;
also lots for sale at $65, 25x125.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st
A SNAP — 1950; new four-room house and bath;
corner Courtland aye. and Dakota st. ; close
to electric car; street sewered and graded;
$12 monthly Installments.
JACOB HEYMAN, 18 Montgomery st.
VERT cheap — New five-room and bath cottage
on Douglass St., near Twenty-third; can be
bought with rent money.
JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
$75— LOTS IN COLMA; Mxl2o.
$60— Lot: Abbey Homestead, near San Mateo;
electrlo car; lot 100x120.
$200 Lot In Excelsior Homestead.
$100— Lots south of Golden Gate Park.
$350— Lots, Eleventh aye.. near J st. ; 26x120
JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
TWENTY TEARS
A SLAVE
To the rent-paying habit! Half a lifetime un-
der the thumb of landlords I That sums up
the home existence of many families. My prac-
tical, easy-payment house-owning plan offers
relief to this sort of slavery—*, plan Just as
easily followed as the wasteful rent-paying one.
I have four, five and six room cottages, all
new and modern, within 25 minutes' ride from
downtown. Streets graded and sewered, and
only one block from cars. Yon can pay for
them with your rent money. Make an appoint-
ment and I will show you these cottages
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st
$3000 FOR 80 feet on Mission st., near 21st;
mortgage $6000: fine business location.
$6750— Comer Eighteenth and Capp sts. ; good
house, 10 rooms, 2 baths; corner vacant; good
location for store: 40x122:8.
$1700— Cottage, 5 rooms. In splendid order;
Harrison, near Twenty-third; street bltumln-
Ized: this Is a bargain.
$2200— Cottage, 6 rooms, bath Clipper, near
Sanchez: 24:6x114.
$4250— Three fiats, i and 5 rooms and bath
each; Colllngwood, near Nineteenth St.; 27;6x
110: easy terms; best thing in the district.
$1000— Cheap lot on Second aye., near Point
Lobos; 25x120.
$2250— Golden Gate are., near First; modern
cottage; 4 rooms, bath, laundry, cellar, etc.
$2800 — Choice lots on Howard st., 25x100, on
grade: patent sidewalk; street accepted.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 113 Montgomery st
P. A. DOLAN, 638 Market street.
$2750— New house, 6 rooms, near Marlcet and
Seventeenth stfl. ; lot 25x125; all known Im-
provements; banks will loan $2000, 6 per cent.
$1400— Cottage, 5 rooms: lot 26x112; $15 month-
ly; near Falrmourit School, Mission and
Thirty-first sts.
Builders, look! one or two lots; 25x
187:6; Sacramento st.; accepted a bargain.
$200 each— Sacrifice: 4 lots, 25x120 each; 12th
avenue and X St., Sunset District; worth $400
each.
$1000— 8 Iota; level and ready to build
on; near Mission and 29th | will build to suit
and sell on Installment; $15 monthly. P. A
DOLAN, 630 Market street
FRUIT trees; bl<r lot; I-story nearly new 9-
room modern house; Frultvafe; price $3000; on
small payment*. r s-V*---
J-story 6-room house; 85-foot lot; in choice
part of Alameda; $2000; small payment down;
easy terms.
House «nd lot In Richmond, San Fran-
cisco; small payments.
McETUTKN BROS.. 11l Montgomery st
FINE business corner for a grocery man In a
growing district at an exceedingly low price;
houses going up all around; a good trade can
be built UP! SW. oor. of Point Lobos aye.
and Tenth aye.; 82:8x100 feet: only $1600 for
this choice lot [all street work done; grocery
men. look Into this at onoe. W. J. OTJNN, 410
Montgomery at. ' *■/.
$1200— COST $1800: see It; make offer for that
fine lot. miOO. on Point Lobos, next corner
First aye. ; business and residence lot. Ad-
dress R.. box 114. Call office.
■WANTED— SJJ6O at 6% per cent on renting
property, or would sell cheap a 6-room house
near Park entrance. Address Box 2348, Call.
VAN NESS AYE., Artlstlo home; 14
rooms; lot 26x100; mortgage $2000; cheap; easy
. payments. . ■ " ■ . ■ . ■
$700 AND up will build 4-room bay-window oot-
tage; house repairing any part of city. SALS-
BURY, builder; •hop, 1834 Market et '
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SA^J 3 '
BALDWIN & HOWELL, __
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
A FORCED SALE.
$6000— An offer wanted; must be sold at once;
handsome 2-story attic and basement residence,
containing 12 rooms and all latest improve-
ments, in the Presidio Heights district, near
Clay st. ; this property must be sold before
October 1, IMS,
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$S7so— Rent $85; 3 handsome new flats, facing
the Park Panhandle, containing 6 rooms, por-
celain bath and all the latest plumbing ana
conveniences; lot 25x137:6; all rented; a good
buy.
A SNAP.
$0750— Jackson st.. near Buchanan; extra large
lot, 50x127, with an L 25x27; Improvements con-
sist of cottage of 10 rooms, etc. ; this is a very
cheap piece of property.
$1400— Cottage containing 4 rooms and high
basement; lot 26x75; windmill, tank, etc.; Ca-
splU aye., near Falcon; near Etghteenth-st.
car.
$3000— Twenty-fourth st., near Guerrero; 2
story residence; contains 6 rooms and bath and
basempnt; lot 22x137:6.
$1800 and upward— Easy t»rms; a number of
new 5-rcom and bath cottages in Sunset Dis-
trict, south of the park- call here or at our
branch office, corner of H st. and Ninth aye,
$sHoo— Worth 17000; fine modern flats on Ash-
bury st., near Fell; only a few steps from the
park; contain C and 7 rooms, baths, etc.; a good
buy.
.>.7.".i— ?plendld modern residence; Liberty st.,
near Dolores; contains 8 large rooms, porcelain
Lath, lijt-air furnace, electric Incandescent
lighting and all conveniences; fine view; an
home In the warm belt of the Mission;
ensy terms.
!: nt J2l; Lanßton st., near Seventh and
Bryant; 2 Rood fiat", 4 and 5 rooms each.
$4750 Rent $43; Folsow) .-t.. east of Ninth; lot
25x90; at >ra and flat above; also flats in rear;
big bargain.
j*2so— Three handsome new flats close to the
pn.rk; up to date In every respect; marble steps,
••tr. ; sun in every room; best bargain In the
market; rent $SO.
$8500 -Reftt <72; Mason st.. near Clay: 3-? tory
hiu«f, 10 rooms and bnth; also double cottage
of 6 rooms ; lot 40x60.
$4^oo— Fine rlnts: almost now; on Golden Gate
aye., near Baker st.; 2 flats. 6 and 7 rooms, etc.;
lot 25x100-; cost owner over $7fW>: must be sold.
A DOWN-TOWN CORNER.
$15,000— Corner Investment; close to Ellis and
Hyde sts.; store and flats; large lot; pays well.
FRONTING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$6250— Modern residence; Oak St.. near Ash-
bury; contains 9 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x137:6;
can be bought on desirable terms.
$1750— Price reduced; Noe Bt., near Nineteenth;
BxlOE, with good cottage of 5 cooms, bath, etc.;
rent $16; Is a good Investment or home.
$5750— An offer wanted; Sutter St., near De-
vlsadero; lot 34:44x137:6, with 2-story resi-
dence, containing 9 rooms and bath, etc.; also
stable.
$2600— Hent $2(7; Fifth aye., near D at. ; 2 flats,
5 rooms each: lot 25x120.
Reduced to $2500— Pacific st., near Hyde; store
and flit aboMj also rear house; lot 26x75.
$2100— Clement t>t., near Fifth aye.; modern
bay-window cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
100: stable In rear.
$2SW— Nineteenth St., near Noe; lot 25x114;
rent $26; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooma each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at.
WELL
STARTED.
A splendid start has been made in the
Belling and development of the block
facing Golden Gate Park and recently
subdivided. Already a number of lota
have been Bold to parties, some of whom
Intend to erect at once homes that will
be a decided improvement.
Th^re is no reason why lots In this
block should not prove good investments.
The prices are very low. They are grand
building lots, rlpht tin the park, near
Stow I.ake and the new music stanrtj
level; streets graded and macadamized;
water pipes laid; cars pasa the property;
every convenience, lnoludlng gas and
electric lights.
PRICE $500 UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
Interest only 6 per cent on unpaid bal-
ance. See them at once. Go to-day. Take
blue car on Eddy st. or Haight-st. cars I
and transfer. Get off at H st. and Ninth
aye. We have a branch office on the
corner, open dally (Sundays included).
Pr!i p iiFt«. etc., on application.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
O. F. YON iIHEIX & CO.,
BIJ CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
Sox4»>:s— NE. corner Tost and Stockton sts.; 80 !
"n Post by 46:8 >:\ Stockton; properly Improved j
will r<>nt for $1500 :>er month.
.:■■ Hayea St., near Fillmore; g flats;
rent $90; $18,500.
62:6x187:6— Taylor, near Pine; 16-room house;
rent $50; $10
(8:9x137:9— Union st., near Dupont; 2-story
bri'k building; rents $66 50; $!
20x(8:9 t'i rear at.— Union st.. near Dupont;
Z fr"nt and 3 rear flats; rents $64 50; $8000.
28x80— Fourth st., near Harrison; store and
Hat; $6800; ?ale urgent.
46x50— Greenwich, n.'ar Taylor; three 2-story
houses; rents 4M ; J62."0.
112:6x27:6x87:8- Cor. K^arny and Greenwich;
10 2-st.:.ry hOU&a; rrnts $S"; $Cf>oo.
25x100— Pacific aye.. near Polk; 2 flats and
rear house; rents $45; $SOOO.
22x6S. 9— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath; 14500.
1-1:3x69:!' — Green st., near Powell; new mod-
em bay-WlndOW flats; renta $38; $4500.
22:6x120— T0 rear street; Union, near Jones; 2
flats: r*nt3 $24: $2600.
20x120 to rear street— Cor. Green and West
End; old improvements; |2500.
2Sxloo— Lyon, n'-ar Qeary; cottage; $2250.
22:llxCS:P— 230 Francisco St.. near Stockton; 3-
story house and large basement; $2'KKi.
23x",o — Auburn, near Paclflo; S-story houae;
rents J24; H7OO.
2ix64— Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $1500.
UNIMPROVED.
2<"xlOO— Florida st., north of 18th; adjoining
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
26x110— Scott st., near Washington; $3750.
80x71:10— SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
37 :4'4Xl37:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
£sxloo— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lota.
240x126— NW. cor. Fountain and 25th.
2txl37:6— S. Frederick, west of Cole.
VAN NESS aye. lots only $90 per front foot;
several lots sold and fine houaes being erect-
ed; east line of Van Ness aye., from Lombard
to Chestnut; lots any «ije; street accepted.
O. P. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$1000 EACH— 4 lota on Btevenson at., bet 13th
and 14th; 2Sx6f> each; lots level on grade, ready
for building; 2 lines of cars. O. D, BA-LDWIN
& SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$3800— RENTS $40; S modern bay-window flata
of 5, 5 and 6 rooms and bath »aoh; McAllister
st. O. D. BALDWIN & BON. 22 Montgomery.
$1300— A SNAP.
6 rooms; brick foundation*; Lyon, nr. Geary;
25x62; rents $15. O. D. BALDWIN A SON,
22 Montgomery st
$10.000— RENTS 187 50 per month; 2 fine modern
residences; Buchanan, nr. California. O. D.
BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery at.
$1000— CHEAPEST lot in town; 80:6x112:6; east
Bide of Lyon, nr. Post; street accepted. O. D.
BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$1000— ANOTHER cheap lot; N. line of Gearr.
nr. Baker; 24: 6x50; street accepted; oable cara.
O. P. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$5250— PRESIDIO Heights residence; 10 rooms
and bath; all modern improvements; street
bltuminized; few steps from cars. O. D.
BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery at.
$8000— COPT $13,000; handsome, nearly new resi-
dence on Presidio Heights, with marine view;
10 rooms; porcelain bath; hardwood floors;
choice decorations, fretwork and mantel, fur-
nace. etc. O. P. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Mntgy.
FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
RENT $185.
$20,000— The best business corner in Western
Addition; elegant three-story building; flna
large cellar; has big future.
$3100— Fine two-story residence, Jaokaon at.,
near Van Ness ay*.
MCALLISTER ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$19.750— Large lot and good three-atory build-
ing; rent $160.
GRAND BUSINESS CORNER.
$100,000— Pays 4 per cent above all expenses;
location few feet fruin Baldwin Hotel site.
GILT-EDGED DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$13,000— Large lot and Improvements: Ellis at,
near Market; surrounded by fine brick im-
provements; pays 6 per cent.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
RENTS $62 50.
$6850 — Two splendid modern flats: best part of
Western Addition: sunny and new.
R.i HNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
CENTER & SPADER,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
11 MONTGOMERY BT. (Lick House Block).
Mason St., npar Ellis; choice corner lot with
substantial improvements; well rented; lot 60x i
77:6: call or send for particulars; for sale cheap.
$8000— Fillmore pt., near Pine; lot 25x87:6,
with improvements; cheap.
jgjOO — I'age St.; 3 modern flata, well rented;
lot 25x97:6; make offer.
|6500_An offer wanted for lot 61x117 on Guer-
rero Bt., noar Twenty-first.
$10,000— Mnj be less; handsome residence of
14 rooms In Mission; large lot, 100x120; street
paved with bituminous rook; must be sold to
close an estate.
142.-.o— Grove st.. near Fillmore; choice build-
ing lot. 37:6x110; make offer.
$10,000— Brannan St., near Fourth; lot 100x120;
will subdivide.
13000— Rents $S4 per month; oyer 1 per rent:
8 modern flats. 4 and 6 rooms; always rented;
large lot. 60x97:6; street paved with bituminous
rock; If you want a choice piece of Income prop-
erty don't fall to see this; call for particulars.
FOR SALE— Lot 25x137:6; aouth aide of Golden
Gate aye.. bet. Laguna and Octavla sts. : rent
$40. Address J. B. FRENCH, NW. corner o.'
Ellis and Broderick st».
$3100— RENTS $30; 2 Broadway bay-window, 4
and 5 room flata. Inquire 1130 Vallejo at.
IF your property la mortgaged and you need
more money, ccc H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
$2200— N0. 8954 20th at., near Church; cottage; 4
rooma. Call to-day.
RBA_ ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON ELDRIDGE _ CO.
Banks pay 3 1-8 per cent Interest, real estate
four times as much.
INVESTMENS.
$200!— Cash, balance $13C0, bank mortgage:
nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath; near
Market and Seventeenth sts.
$1,700— $700 cash; four fiats; always rented;
rents $324 per annum.
$I.9oo— Three flats of 4 and 3 rooms; always
rented; I'<s blocks from new Postoffice;
lot 25x76.
$3,600— Mortgage of $2000 can remain; 2 flats
of four rooms each and 2-story house;
large lot, 25x120; double frontage; near
Fillmore and Hermann sts. ; both
streets bitumlnized.
$2,000— Nenr new Postofflce; cottage of 7
roqms; lot 25x75 feet; worth twice price
asked.
FLATS.
$8,000 — Modern residence; extra well built; on
Page St., near Park panhandle; 11
rooms, bafh and laundry; lot 3?x137:6.
$6,soo— Three nice flats of 7, G, 6 rooms and
bath; nenr Webster nn<l Kills Ms.; al-
ways rented; choice neighborhood.
$2,500— Tw0 flats downtown; 3 and 5 rooms;
pays 1 per cent per month; lot 25x30.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$7,ooo— El»gp.nt modern corner residence; 2
blocks north of Market Et. ; half lot
unproved; Improvements cost $10,000;
mortgage of $4200 can remain; lot 65x
120; MUST HE SOLD.
$9,000-On Howard Bt. ; best block; fine resi-
dence of 10 rooms, bath and basement;
large lot.
$1375-HOMEFE E KERS-SIS7S.
NO TAXES. NO INTEREST NO IN-
SURANCE.
$300 cash, balance $20 per month: modern
home (in course of construction), 5
rooms and bath and high basement;
dome ceilings: tile mantels; porcelain
tubs; fine view; close to car lines.
LOTS.
$2,250— Fulton St.. near Lyon; 25x100.
$2,ooo— Haight st., near Park panhandle; will
exchange for Improved property, pay
difference ca*=h.
We hnld our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further par-
ticulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.,
63S Marke t st.
McAFEE BROTHEHS
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Panhandle residence on Clayton st., near
Page; house of 11 rooms; lot 25x112:6; owner
anxious to sell; price $7000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Magnificent home of 15 rooms on Pacific
Heights; marine view; lot 45x107:8; completely
furnished; price $33,000.
RENTS $86; PRICE $8750.
Three fine flats In the Panhandle district;
always rented; lot 25x137:6.
WEBSTER, NEAR CALIFORNIA,
A rood home of 7 rooms and bath; very
sunny; price only $6500.
LOTS IN PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Five beautiful lots in Pacific Heights, com-
manding marine view; will be Bold at a grand
bargain; send for plat; also Presidio Heights
lota at low prices.
MISSION WARM BELT.
Best location; good 2-story house of 8 rooms,
In Al condition; sunny side of street; price
$4250.
MISSION LOTS.
Guerrero, Dolores and Liberty st. lots, <rom
$75 to $S0 per front foot; send for plat.
MINNA STREET; $4750.
Three fine flats on Minna st., near Ninth;
rented for $47 monthly; a good buy.
ONLY $1750— MISSION COTTAGB.
Cottage and basement flat; sunny aide of
street; very cheap.
TWENTY-FOURTH-STREET LOT
On electric car line; lot 23:10x114; only $600;
a snap.
McAFEE BROTHERS. McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery St., San Francisco.
AUCTION SALE OF REAL ESTATE
BY
COFFEY, HUGHES _ HERBST,
At Salesroom.
1? MONTGOMERY STRETTT.
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 27. ISS3
At 12 O'clock.
806, 307. 309 Fourth St., near Folsom; S stores
and 8 floors above, containing 36 rooms; lot
40x57:6.
Cottage. 158 Eureka St., near Eighteenth; 4
rooms, bath and basement; lot 25x53.
Lot, south side of Sherwood place Coff Third
st., near Misßion). 255 feet east of Third; size.
! 20x55.
Flats, 872 and 874 Clayton St., nr. Frederick:
4 and ? rooms and bath; rent $34; lot 25x106:3.
225 Perry St.; store and 4 tenements; lot 25x
SO: near Fourth st.
Lot, south olde of Thirteenth st., nr. Folsom,
47:6x100; suitable for tenements or manufac-
turing purposes.
Residence, ?Sl3 Pine St., near Broderick; »
rooms and bath; 25x137:6.
Flats, 512 and ,"124 Clipper St., 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; lot 30x114; also lot 40x114 adjoining,
near Castro St., bet. Twenty-fifth and Twenty-
sixth.
Lot. east elde of Central aye., 12R f»et north
of Hayes; 25x100; Just the place for cheap flats.
508, 610, 6104 Hermann st., bet. Webster and
Fillmore sts.. and 5 and 7 Germania; 2-story
house, 6 rooms and bath and 4 flats; rent $72 50;
lot 37:6x120.
3000 Golden Gate aye., NW. corner of Lyon
Bt. ; store and 2 rooms; lot 82:6x100.
Do not forget the date— Wednesday, Septem-
ber 27th. at 12 o'clock.
COFFEY, HUGHES & HERBST, Auctioneers,
19 MONTGOMERY STREET.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS _ SKELTON, 821 Montgomery st.
$9000— NW. corner; finest view of bay and
Presidio In the city; NW. Larkln and Chest-
nut: California and Hyde st. cars In one block;
14^:6x139:6, or in subdivisions as follows:
$3000— For corner. 37:6x139:6.
jlfino — For Inside lots, 27x139:8; easy terms.
$8000— Modern house, 'Jough St., 8 room* and
finished attic and basement, tiling, etc. ; view
of bay.
; $7500 — Washington st., near Scott: modern; l-
etory; 9 rooms; charming home; a park near by.
$7500— Scott st., near union: fine bay view; 8
rooms and attic; new and artistic.
$3000— Cottage in warm belt of Mission; I
rooms and bath' high basement; make offer.
1 $8250— Flats; Hartford st., near Castro and
1 Nineteenth; 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents
$830 per annum.
$4250 — Howard St., near Eighteenth; 8 rooms
and bath; can be altered to flats and pay good
Interest.
$5600— New flats: Frederick St., near Clayton
and the park; rents $680 per annum; easy terms.
$20.000— Stores and flats; Devisadero st. ; 78-
-foot front; paying 6 per cent net; central and
Improving in value for business.
I $16,500^ — Leavenworth St., near California; 8
houses; rents $1620 per annum: easy terms.
HAWKS _ SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 408 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank,
$6000 each— Two beautiful houses on Scott St.;
marine view, etc.
$6000— Rent $60: Washington St., west of
Stockton; lot 25x137:6; Improved.
$4500— Rent $55: Stockton st., near Sacra-
mento; four-story house and lot.
$IS,Wio— Rent $150; corner; six flats of seven
and eight rooms and bath each; Saoramento
and Scott sts.; a first-rate investment.
$30,000— Rent $8000 per annum; fine, centrally
located property; stores and flats.
$4000— Reduced again from $4500; an extraor-
dinary bargain on Fulton st. near Franklin;
only three blocks from City Hall and near Mar-
ket st.; a two-story house, stable and garden;
lot 27:6x137:6; worth $6500, but must be sold.
$7500— Fine residence on Devisadero st., near
Fell: 9 rooms; modern Improvements: 25x112:6.
$6800— Rent $47; a splendid Investment, on
Geary at.; three-story house; store and two
flats, five rooms and bath each.
$25.000— Reduced from $34, 000; rent $287; Lar-
kln st.. south of Geary: stores and flats; a
dead bargain.
$3850— Rent $45; Webster St., near Washing-
ton: a fine double flat, six rooms and bath each.
SAN FRANCISCO
PNAPS! SNAPS! SNAPS'
THIS WEEK ONLY.
You miesed it on some of them we sold last
week.
Don't be behind time this week if any of
these suit you:
$Soo— slo per month: fi rooms, bath; new and
first cla.«s in every respect; at Bunnysid*.
$1000--$l2 50 per month; same locality and
size, but has basTnent and larger lot.
THE HOME BUILDING CO..
Room 2. ground floor, 522 Sangome st. , S. F.,
nfter 12 m.
AT a sacrifice— Northwest corn»r Twenty-third
and Dolores sts.: worth fully $5000, but will
take $3000 If sold at once. Address.
Owner. GEORc.r h M. ORAY
454^ Ninth st.. Oakland.
$1400— COTTAGE 4 rooms, basement: fine well
water, windmill and tnnk. 13S Caselll aye
near 18th st ; key at 103 Falcon aye.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money, see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery «t.
NEW 6-room house; Greenwich St.; near * car
lines. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market"?t.
NEW HOMES ~
Five, 8, 7. 9 and 10 room houses', "finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sta., from $31W)
to $4600; terms to suit purchaser. F. NKL-
FON. Builder.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 .yases. In wrapper. lor mailing. _ oex ia_r.
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY — Sale
g7h~umbsen & co.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery Street.
For rent— 3o3 acres near Mayfleld, Santa
Clara County; 200 acres good grain land, bal-
ance rolling and hilly pasture land; well
wooded; water from creek and springs; good
I farmhouse of 11 rooms, bath; hot and cold
I water; men's house, mllkhouse and other out-
buildings; two barns; family orchard and vine-
yard: rent $650 per annum: half cash in ad-
; Vance; this is a first-class grain and stock
I ranch; only responsible parties need apply.
FRUITVALE EXCHANGE.
15 acres, corner of School st. and Redwood
road, Fruitvale, Alameda County; four blocks
■ from electric cars; 10 acres of orchard— cher-
rUs, pears, etc.; hard-finished cottage of four
rooms; barn and other buildings; plenty of
water; for city property.
PLACER COUNTY.
40 acres in young bearing fruit orchard of
2000 peaches. 2300 plums and prunes, near
i Loomis, Placer County; good improvements;
plenty of water: yield this year about sow
boxes of fruit; a great bargain.
PALO ALTO.
$1750 will buy a modern eight-room house,
bath, laundry and cellar; stone sidewalk; wind-
mill and tank, with lot 100x100 on College
Terrace.
HOTEL MEN!
I The Star Hotel at Crockett; contains 26 bed-
rooms, barroom, dining-room, kitchen and sit-
ting-room; lot 75x140; completely furnished and
equipped; doing a splendid business; for sale
at a bargain. •
$2000— FIVE acres, near Haywards; rich land;
all In fruit; good improvements.
$2300— acres, near Hay wards; must be sold;
a bargain,
: $22« 4 '/i pea; a fine home, near Haywards;
new improvements.
$980—7 acres In email fruits; no other Im-
provements; very cheap.
$9500—25 acres; the finest orchard in the val-
-1 ■>'; one mile from Haywards.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Rooms 15-16, I'd Floor, 903 Broadway,
Mills Building, Oakland, Cal.
San Francisco.
$50 AN acre; 1000 acres vegetable tula land;
j river bottom; on way to Stockton; produces
large crops grain, potatoes and vegetables;
I'M paying land In the State. Address It.,
bex 114, Call olnce.
$1500— HALF its value; 600 acres grazing, oak
timber and fruit land; on main road, near
Uktah; also 160 acres in the hills; about 10
acres bottom fenced; creek, common house,
barn, plenty of wood; near station and
school; reduced to $650; titles perfect. Ad-
dress R., box 114, Call office.
I 3000 ACRES— One of the best stock ranches In
Mendocino County; well wooded and watered:
good house and barn; grain field and or-
chard; will keep 1500 sheep or 300 cattle; re-
duced to $4 an acre; easy terms to close an
estate. Address R., box 114, Call office.
FOR sale— Mountain ranch, Hedden, near
Saratoga, Santa Clara County; 100 acres; 20
t acres under cultivation; balance timber; 6V4
acres grapes; 1200 fruit trees, all bearing;
house of 5 rooms; new barn; spring water:
price $3500. See owner, 149 Crocker building.
SWAMP LANDS— acres In Solano County;
12 miles from railroad and on tidewater:
land a sediment deposit; bounded by Prospect
and Cache sloughs; price $2 50 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery St.,
San Francisco.
i FOR sale— 6oo acres of dairying or grazing land
in southern part of Humboldt Co., Cal.; best
of climate; plenty of wood and water; large
D outside pastures; never falling crops. MAR-
I TIN R. JAGER, 110 Taylor st., 8. F.
I FOR SALE— Gormans station; 1000 acres; good
i for farming or stock; will carry 200 head of
j stock; an abundance of water; modern Im-
provements. For full particulars address
MRS. M. JONES, Gormans station, Cal.
GOOD farm to rent on shares; 700 acres, with
stock and improvements; Lake County; none
but practical farmer need apply. Particulars
of H. MAHAN. 31« Montgomery St.. from 9
to 12 o'clock.
$1900— bargain; near Petaluma; 80 acres
level loam land; good house, barn and young
orchard. Address R., box 114, Call office.
I CHEAP places for poultry, fruit, etc- 4, 7, 9
and 14 acres. MRS. E. A. GAMBLE, Peta-
luma. '
TO rent or sell, 6 acres near San Mateo, with
improvements; one year with a privilege. In-
quire 207 Church St., S. LAVENBURG.
40 ACRES fine Improved land; will exchange
for business in city. COWING, 995 Market.
$3500; WORTH $7000. — -
Lot 100x200,,, corner San Leandro road and
Rose St., in Fitehburg; new building, con-
taining store, saloon, 7 rooms, all improve-
ments; in perfect order; fine garden; stable
and warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant
roadside resort; must be sold; account sick-
ness of owner. Apply on premises 10 C.
CLUNDT; San Leandro electric car passes
door: also branch office Coll, Oakland.
: MAR— 4 Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes: im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands- easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27. Bth floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
: HUMBOLDT Co.— Dairy farms for sale; red-
. wood, grazing lands. G. H. Burchard, Arcata.
i WANTED on easy terms, 5 or 6 acres land with
' small house within 2or 3 miles of Petaluma.
! Address C. C. box 1241, Call office.
3 HOUSES, land, all improved, in Santa Rosa;
bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United State?, postpaid, for V r>er year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
i BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co., 426 Kearny.
I BRYANT. 1101— Two or three furnished front
rooms; complete for housekeeping; cheap.
i CLAY, 1723, near Van Ne«s aye.— Housekeeping
j rooms furnished or unfurnished.
DEVISADERO— sunny furnished rooms, with
use of dining-room, kitchen and bath; ref-
erences. Box 2333, Call.
DOLORES. 382. nr. Sixteenth— s9; 4 rooms for
housekeeping; furnished for grown people.
i EDDY, 915 — 8 unfur. or furnished rooms, newly
j elegantly papered: private res.; fine location.
EDDY, 331—4 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; sunny; key at 333 Eddy st.
EDDY, 153S sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
j ELLIS, 518—2 housekeeping rooms newly fur-
: nlshed; ground floor.
: ELLIOTT park, 62— Three sunny, neatly fur-
j nished housekeeping rooms, with use of bath;
i rent $13. Opposite Stelner St., between Geary
I and O'Farrell.
FIFTH, 848— Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; cheap.
FOLSOM, 523— Parlor floor; 3 large rooms; well
furnished for housekeeping; complete; single
| or en suite.
FULTON, 218—2 furnished flats, 8 and 3 rooms;
running water; coal and gas range.
j GOLDEN GATE are.. 1060— Three large sunny
well furnished rooms for light housekeeping;
private family; free telephone.
HOWARD, 649— Large front housekeeping room
with bath. •
HOWARD 761%— Nicely furnished suite, with
kitchen; 'man and wife; others: reasonable.
HOWARD, 1061— Two connecting completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; running water.
LARKIN, 325—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments: furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MAIN, 811— Sunny furnished housekeeping
bachelor rooms; $4 to $8 month. \
' MCALLISTER, 1131— Furnished parlor, bed-
-1 room, dining-room, kitchen; bath; no children.
MINNA, 514—2 furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
i MINNA. 739— rooms for light housekeeping.
I MISSION, 646— Large sunny furnished room for
housekeeping; $6 a month. __
MISSION, 1120— Large front room; can do light
i housekeeping: also other housekeeping rooms.
N ATOM A, 60—2 housekeeping rooms; yard; sun
i all day; no dogs; no children: $5 75.
OAK. 54—2 sunny. unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; bath; stationary tubs.
OCTAVIA, 1403., cor. Geary— Sunny front room;
mantel, folding bed; kitchen; gas stove; $12.
POST, 732— Housekeeping rooms; private fam-
ily; no children; call between 1 and 3.
1 — ■
SACnAMENTO, 1514— Large nad small rooms;
nicely furnished; clean, sunny; excellent lo-
cation: private house; gentlemen or light
housekeeping. -..- ..•.=*; >.'.- : . -'<:.-^:*
i STOCKTON, 611, near Pine— Three splendid
furnished rooms; 2 unfurnished: large garden.
BUTTER. Z_QH Furnished parlor, bedroom,
dining-room, kitchen, bath; no children; lady
win hoard for rent. . _^
! THIRD, 316— Housekeeping rooms. $1 50 to $2 50;
also others.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— Small
sunny bay-window flats; complete for house-
keeping.
I VAN NESS, Finely furnished sunny
i suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft.
' ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth — Rooms".
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
j Classified Advertisements Continued
on Page Eighteen,
1718
ROOMS TO LET — Fiirn. and Vntnrn. j
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms 60c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— S UTTER, 717— Sunny; reasonable; appreci-
ated II seen; please Investigate; baths.
AT New Grand. 246 3d— let-class sunny rms.,
15c t'» $1 flay; We to $4 wk. ; also housekeeping.
AT :■: Second st.. double rooms for week, 1150
to 53; single, $1 to $1 60; day, 25c to 60c.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites), single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. IMC Market, oor. Golden Gate
aye Bunny corner: well turn, rms. & offices.
CHESLEY, 82 — $13; 6 rooms, oellar and yard.
CHESLEY, «0— 110; 4 rooms, cellar and yard.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rocms; $1 60 vfMk up; elevator day and night.
EDDY. 203— Newly furnished large sunny front
rooms with German family.
EDDY S2»— Front room, nicely furnished, with
connecting kitchen: sink; central; 112.
EDDY, 42&— Sunny room for gentlemen i gas,
bath, running water.
EDPY. 613— Sunny single rooms from 14 60 up-
ward; also housekeeping rooms.
ELLIS, S2l (Rosedal* House)— Nice rooms, 250
a night, $1 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS, 61S— Fine suite and other large rooms,
elegantly furnished.
3T.LLI3. 659, cor. Larkln— Sunny bay-window;
mantel; folding bed; for 2 person*; 118.
SXCELSIOR House, 89 Turk cor. Taylor— New
mangt.; sunny front bay-wind, rms. ; trans' nt.
yiFTH. SS. half blook of Market— Fine sunny
front rooms, 18. $10 per month; single, 16 up;
1 large room, ground floor, dry basement.
very reasonable.
VTFTH. — Large sunny single furnished
room, closet, bath; private; $4 50 month; call
Monday.
y_X»L, 118 — Newly furnished sunny parlor,
with grate, $_ 60; sunny back room; 110.
GEARY, 14A— Handsomely furnished suite; j
also single rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY, 406 (The Navarre)— Comfortable turn,
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HTER.
GEARY, Elegantly furnished parlor suite; I
other rms.; piano; phone; bath; reasonable.
OOLDEN GATE, Newly and elegantly fur- j
nished parlor suite; also upper flat four i
rooms: single rooms: all conveniences. i
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh '
and Mission ms— Sunny rooms, en suite or |
single; ladles' parlor; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family |
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week. I
HARRISON. 784 Nicely rurnlßDed sunny
rooms; bath; all conveniences; homelike; II ,
week up. I
HOWARD, 715—200 tunny rooms; nicely fur- !
nished: every convenience; electrlo lights.
HOWARD. 829— Furnished rooms from II per !
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— Nloe sunny suites; running
water; reasonable; permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. IMlA— Bay-window front room, j
sunny side, nicely furnished; 1 or 2 gents.
HUGHES HOUSE, 214 Third— Newly renovated: j
26c to 50c per night: II 60 to 13 per week.
HYDE 1402 A —Sunny front room; well fur- j
nished; bath, gas, $7; private family.
JESPIE, 888— Nice sunny furnished single and ,
double rooms; rent reasonable.
3..ARKIN. Large sunny back room; neatly
furnished; 1 or I persons; $7; sunny small '
room. 14.
LEAVEN WORTH. 517— Single sunny furnished
room for a gentleman; 15 per month.
MARKET. 1820 (Las Palmas)— of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms. ; board optional.
MINNA. 4" — Sunny front room; rent 15,
MINNA. 687, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 926 Mr— Handsomely furnished newly
papered sunny bay-window- front room.
MISSION. 1204— NJcely furnished parlors; sunny
and home comforts.
MISSION, 1429— 0ne large front sunny suite;
very choice; $17: newly furnished.
MISSION. 1520, nr. Eleventh— Nloe sunny room:
running water; suitable for business man; $5. :
••NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large ■
bay-win, mis. and single, 15 up; also hfkpg. :
NINTH, 20. near Market— bay-window ■
suite; housekeeping or not; gas, water: HI. I
OAK, 883 — Large 6unny front room; furnished; I
gaii, bath; private family; for 1 or 2; oheap.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo. !
POLK, 610— Large nicely furnished room; grate ■
and gas. !
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— j
gantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles' !
parlor; rooms, per night. 85c to $1 50; week, $} !
to It; month, $8 to $30: elevator on office I
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. !
SEVENTH, 262— Nicely furnished rooms; sunny
all day; nice lawn; modern convenience*.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
BTOP hunting furnished rooms; get list fre*.
Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny st.
THE Heath, Jl2 Eddy First-class rooms
and board; hot end cold water: telephone; |
modern; all conveniences.
THE Oaks. 115 Third— A good rooming house I
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1 .
per week up.
THIRD. 303— Housekeeping rooms, IS per week; !
also single rooms for men.
TURK. 836— Handosmely furnished modern al-
cove room; overlooking Jefferson square; sun !
ail day. I
VALENCIA. 117— Nicely furnished front room.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 11,
postage paid.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— ladles desire 2 unfurnished ;
rooms, with private family, for light house-
keeping; north of Market st. : referenoes ex-
changed. Box 23. .2, Call offloe.
LADY desires a small room In a private fam-
ily: terms reasonable. Box 2339, Call office,
WANTED — housekeeping rooms; state
terms. H. C. box 2331. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
13 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Chicheirter's English Pennyroyal I
Pills are the beet; safe, reliable; take no i
other; send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladles," In letter by return mall; at drug-
rltta. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa.
ODD FELLOWS' Cemetery Association— The
annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellow 6' Cemetery will be held on MONDAY.
September 25. 1599. at 2 p. m. at the office of
the association. Point Lobos aye., for the
election of Trustees, etc. By order of the ;
Trustees. GEOROE T. BOHEN. Pres.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
X ICE private home In confinement: most rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfe!?T«>r, mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom, nr, 1 6 1 : phone White 1344.
ill'.R. DR. HOPKINS, 995 Market st.. office 2—
New discovery for rheumatism: also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or oountry PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6EJO.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerl<-x— The Weekly
Call. 16 pap**, ernt to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for i' per year.
~ STABLES TO LET. i!
STABLE, 2." stalls, J23: water free. 2630 Mls-
slon st.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 16.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
SWAPS-BIG AND LITTLE.
WHAT have you trot to swap for 5 dozen boxes
of Silver Dandruff Cure? Box 1270. Call.
WILL trade good bicycle, nearly new, for an
awning. Box 2310. Call office.
TO LEASE.
URIAH— I 2 rooms and 2 stores; cheap. Call at
514 Montrom>ry st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— No. 97 (50c per
fchare) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Mon-
day .October 2, 1899. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, Sept era ber 26, 1899. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary*
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$500— FINE northwest corner, 46x136.
J66o— Water front lot, with plain house,
Sl2CO— Southwest corner' Santa Clara ar»,
near Grand St.; 50x126. i
$3750 — New house, I rooms; San Jose aye..
near Chestnut Bt. ; lot 40x150.
Lots on St. Charles St., near the water, at
reduced price.
For rent— Elegant home, completely fur-
nished; 1 year or more,
B. D, JUDD CO.,
1424 Park st.
$1850 WILL build modern B-room cottage; $2100
a «-room cottage, with large lot, bay front,
near Chestnut st., on Clinton aye. J. H.
YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park st.
SNAP— New House, 8 rooms and bath: lot BOx !
150; good location: 5 minutes' Walk from sta- !
tlon. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln. j
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let— New house. 7 rooms and bath; rent
$16 CO. }103 Clement aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMS A.\D BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; larr*
grounds; private. MRS DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth. ,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS;
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange In beautiful Berkeley, 1 whole
blocks of perfectly level land, about MOO front ,
feet; street work all done and only 1 block !
from railroad station; no mortgage; value
$25,000; will exchange for business property
In San Francisco.
Apply JOS. J. MASON, Real Eetate,
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
NEAR the University; I bouses, well rented:
lot 160x136: street work done: oash valoe $9000;
mortgage $3800; will take ranch for equity.
Apply JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
A VERY handsome residence, near the Uni-
versity; now rented for 160 monthly; will ex-
chance equity (about $4000) for residence
property in San Francisco.
Apply JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
ONLY $1630. ~
A snap for a home seeker; 7 rooms and bath:
2 blocks from depot; fine view; street work all
done.
O. O. MAY _ CO..
2131 Center st.
AGENCY for scenic park tract; adjoining the !
university site on the north: Just the place to
Invest. O. G. MAY A CO.,
2123 Center st.
FOR SALE— A new modern 6-room house; cor-
ner lot; street work done; on Telegraph ay«., '■
Berkeley: price 12550; terms to suit. O. O. '
MAY _ CO.. 2128 Center st. |
RARE BARGAINS.
$12iX>— Modern 6-room cottage: bath, pantry,
hot and cold water; high basement: near sta-
tion and electrlo cars; $100 cash; balance to suit i
buyer.
$1300— The best place for the money I have
ever seen; large modern 5-room cottage; two j
bay-windows; lot 40x120; high basement, barn, j
etc.; $150 cash; balance on very easy pay- '
ments.
—Four-room modern cottage; lot 40x122:?:
street work done; only 1 block from station and
electric oars; fine location; easy terme.
— Lot Coxt3s; new modern 6-room house i
on tine street In South Berkeley; convenient to |
both Shattuck aye. and Telegraph aye. cars;
street v/ork done; small cash payment; easy
terms; office open Sundays.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorln station. Berkeley.
$2000— BEST bargain In Berkeley; modern i- \
story house 7 rooms; electric lights; on 2 lots
80 feet front; wide avenue; near Aehby sta-
tion.
$1600— large corner on Telegraph are.; |
convenient to university: I lots; half cash, j
Address R. box 114, Call office.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land '
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x160, with modern !
house of 9 rooms.
,
2-STORY bouse: 7 rooms and bath; I bay- '
windows; hot and cold water; wooden man- I i
tels: stationary tubs; brick foundation; 3i ,
blocks from railway station, schools, church
and electric-cars; price 11150; only $150 cash,
balance 114 monthly; lot 40x100: this prop-
erty Is cheap at 13000: take Berkeley train,
get off it Lorln station, ask for RUDOLPH •
& PERKINS; office open Sundays and even- '
lnrs. i i
MODERN cottage, almost new; 8 large rooms, : .
bath and pantry: bay- windows; 8-foot base-
ment, all floored; stationary washtrays; hot > '
and cold water; lot 40x127; price $900; only '
$109 cash, balance 512 monthly; 3 blocks from i
school, ralVoad station, churches, stores and |
electric-cars; chance of a lifetime to ret a I
good home cheap. Take Berkeley train, get i
off at Lorin station, auk for RUDOLPH _ i
PERKINS: office open Sundays and evening*, j
FOR SALE— Fine residence, site; corner Vine :
and fc'pruce, bet. Vine and Cedar, North :
Berkeley; outloek on bay; very desirable for j
home; garden, orchard: any amount. Terma, i
owner. HEMENWAY. 1518 Spruce.
A WEEK'S news for 5 — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. )n wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. ]
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS •
j
FRUITVALE REAL - jTATB.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large barn; chicken .
houses; good well and pump; lot 3li;150; all |
fenced.
$800— New cottage of B rooms; outhouses; I
city water; fine flowers, fruit and shade trees; ■
lot 105x113; all fenced.
$1050— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and base- I
ment; lot 60x122, with 16-foot alley in rear;
ol.ly 8 blocks from Frultvale station; see this ■
for a bargain.
$1200— A sacrifice; new cottage of 5 rooms '
and bath; choice fruit trees In bearing; lot I
37x270; fine neighborhood; only 2 blocks from ' .
Frultvale aye. ; ea.-y terms If desired.
Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; I
fine mantel; high basement; only 2 blocks I '
from Frultvale station.
$800— Two acres of rich sandy vegetable
loam; only 4 blocks from electric cars. ■ :
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station, CaL
fAKE notice — We have not the whole world for |
sale. But we have a few choice and deslr- I ,
able bargains, especially capital seeking pay- ' '
Ing investments; what we advertise we can
substantiate. C. B. LOWRY. Frultvale Realty
Co., Frultvale station.
White front.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. :
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
— ELEGANT, modern 12-room residence;
furnace; choice central location; premises j :
cost 116,000; owner going away; must sell.
Mortgage $1200; can run; cottage « <
rooms, stable; lot 80x140; make offer. •
$1650— Near Telegraph aye. and 32d st.
good 2-story house, 7 rooms, brick foundation;
Tot 100x120; fruit trees; bargain.
11160— Snap; Broadway or Market stations;
bay-window cottage, t rooms, basement and
driveway.
$1600— lot 40x100; north side Twenty-
first St., near Telegraph aye.; bargain.
$12,500— Suburban; 12 acres; Piedmont:
grand location; modern 12-room home; fore-
closure sacrifice.
LAYMA.NCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4«0-4«3 Eighth s_, Oakland.
$2850— COST 14009; finest cottage at Lorin sta-
tlon: I rooms; double kitchen and dining
room; porcelain bath; cement tubs; 2 toilets; , .
elegant mantels; china closet; fine Interior ! ■
and exterior finish; observatory: finished j
basement; Inside stairway; extra built 1
years ago by 8. F. merchant; lot 80x135;
choice shrubberies; chicken-houses; barn;
close to S. F. local station and electric cars;
a sacrifice; must sell.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
440-481 Eighth St., Oakland.
$2800—12 ACRES: near Haywards; 4 acres In \
fruit: balance hay land: S-room cottage, barn, ;
chicken houses, brooder and incubator; 200 j
chickens: fine horse and wagon, fine cow;
Implements, etc.
$2500—10 acres, all in full bearing fruit; only
one mile from Hay wards; a profitable farm;
no Improvements.
— The prettiest cottage home on Frult-
vale aye., near station, offered on account of
departure for the East.
$750 — cheapest lot In Frultvale district,
near Frultvale aye.; size 80x180.
J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway, Oakland.
II7R PER lot; soe me about these choloe lots on
Peralta aye., Frultvale; title perfect; sewer
and city water front of every lot; terms to
suit; liberal discount for cash: other lots $100
and up. H. W; DAVIS. Agt., room », 908
Broadway, Oakland.
SACRIFICED at a bargain; 4 elegant new
houses in courpe of .construction on 33d st.,
bet. Grove and West- all modern Improve- (
mentß; street work and sidewalks done: small
payment down: balance monthly if desired.
J. H. SIMPSON, 515 Twentieth st.
$76 CASH, $6 monthly till paid for: lot 100xl7B: !
trees, shrubbery, living springs; can be made
a model chicken ranch; away from the cold
winds and foe; ten minutes walk to local
Eteam cars; close te electric car lines; build
your home or we will build for you: pay-
ment as low as rent: price In all" $550: Ga-
llndo Tract Annex, adjoining East Oakland: '
come and see this; call or send for circular;
485 Seventh st., nr. Broadway, Oakland' car-
riage free. H. 23. JONES, owner.
18260— t^SC OASH; a snap; 8 minutes' walk to
narrow-gauge; new house; choloe locatidn.
Address WILLIAM P. TODD. 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
READ THIS AD.
Alden Co. are going 1 to build a new mod-
ern 8-room, 2-6 tory residence on lot 50x125 at
Eighteenth and Linden sts.; plans at office,
1118 Broadway; call and see them,: and : any
customer wishing to change interior, of . bouse
to suit themselves will be accommodated, or
will change entire plan if desired; easy,terms;
We are also going to build a lovely.' 6-room
modern cottage. IV4 stories, corner Russell and
Wheeler sts., near Ashby station. Berkeley;
plans at office.
ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
$1376—2 COTTAGES and lot, all for 11375; Cen-
ter st. a bargain.
, ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
4-ACRE chicken ranch at Frultvale;
house, barn and orchard; all complete; fine
place; well located. . ■ ■ •
ALDEN CO., 1111 Broadway.
$2600 — VERY handsome cottage home of 8
rooms, laundry and bath; everything of the
very latest *tyle, such as window seats, book-
case and sideboard built In dining-room; front
door with full bevel plate glass, double edge;
rolled rim porcelain tub; porcelain sink, eta;
lot 50 foot front; just a step to car line;
sunny exposure: can make terms to suit; this
Is a decided snap.
GEORGE. B. M. GRAY,
454 Ninth st.
$4W*— of the best locations In Oakland;
fine new and modern house; never . been oc-
cupied; eight rooms, laundry and bath:
French Plate windows; large lot, 60 foot front;
all nickel-plated open plumbing: plenty of
window seats built throughout; would pay to
Investigate before buying.
OEORGE B. M. GRAY,
464 Ninth st
6-ROOM, IH-etory cottag»i new; large
lot; easy terms,
82600—8 rooms; new house; up to date; oor-
ner lot; easy terms; must be sold quick. Call
for catalogue and list of lots and ranches,
i city homes.
Building now ready for coal busmess: lot
60x100 feet* near narrow and broad gauge sta-
tions on Seventh st. ; reduoed from $4000 to
$2100 for quick sale; good for coal yard, stor-
age fiats or manufacturing business.
E. B. BTTNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland,
$Xoo— up-to-date new house of 7 rooms;
built by day's work; house cost over $2600;
very convenient; $608 down; lot 49x140 feet;
cannot be duplicated in Oakland In this loca-
tion.' Owner, S. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,
Oakland.
„ HOTEL
BCooo— Hotel of 30 rooms In the best paying
country town In the State; large lot; easy
terms. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
ONE of Oakland's most elegant homes to be
sacrificed for cash, or will exchange for clear
oountry property; house alone cost $16,000;
new and modern. JSENHAM & THOMAS,
464 Ninth St., Oakland.
AT a bargain— Tlrls fine residence, Just oom-
fileted: 8 rooms; all modern Improvements;
ot 40 or more by 185. See owner, J. W.
HAVBNS. 2216 Shattuck aye.. or H. R.
ABRAIIAMSON, 50 Laurel st., Oakland. »
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath: barn:6B»
24th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
SAN RAFAEL ADYERITSEM'TS
SAX RAFAEL RKAL ESTATE.
$1000— $13 50 PER month; 6 rooms, large lot;
plenty of flowers; San Rafael.
$1350 — $18 per month; 7 reoms: close to Hotel
Rafael: excellent locality and large grounds.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Room 2. 222 Sansome St., San Franclsco;al»o
Fruitvale station. j
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as fololwo:
Timothy Hurley and Sherbine O'Connor .86-18
Carlo Musso and Julia A. Nlerl 28-18
Louis Verga and Jessie Day 36-32
Victor K. Templeton and Lottie Doherty.. 2B-18
Charles Kinncan and Louise Schultze 21-21
Henry W. Hansen and Carolina Myren 28-22
Flrmln Trayssac and Florence Devraine 39-37
Arthur G. ZSmmer and Maggie Smith 21-29
Charles H. White and Mollie McE111g0tt.. ..23-23 '
Porter R. Clare and Carrie E. Ph-lps S5-2S
Vlncenzo Mag-glo and Teresa Q. Virglllo 44-42
Charles O. Steward and Ethel J. Howard.. 26-22 ;
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall win not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the uublicatlon offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
AUSTIN— this city, September 22. 1899. to
the wife of Fred H. Austin, a son.
BARTLETT— In this city. September 5, 1899, to
the wife of William Bartlett, a daughter.
BELCHER— In this city, September 10. 1599. to
the wife of Edward S. Belcher, a son.
BURKE— In this city, September 1«. 1839. to
the wife of James J. Burke, a son.
CAMPBELL— In this city, September 16, 1899. !
to th» wife of Edward Campbell, a daughter. !
CORRIGAN— In this city, S*»temDer 6, 1899.
to the wife of Patrick Corrlgan, a son.
CLARK— In this cttv, September 19, 1899, to
the wife of Cornelius Clark, a son.
FRATESSA— In this city, September 9, 1599, to
the wife of Charles Fratessa, a son.
GILMORE— In this city, September 17, 1899, to
the wife of Macclellan Gilmore, a son.
HAMILTON— In this city, September 17. 1899.
to the. wife of Robert Hamilton, a son.
KELLEHER— In this city, September 15, 1899, !
to the wife of Matthew Kelleher, a son.
MURPHY— In. this city. September 22, 1899, to
the wife of Thomas Murphy, a daughter.
OLSON— South Son Francisco, September
20. 1393, to the wife of Peter Olson of Sonoma,
a eon.
ROBERTS— In this city, September 20, 1899, to
the wife of J. T. Roberts, a son.
TERRILL— this city, September 21. 1899, to
the wife of Dr. Samuel M. Terrill. a son.
_________
MARRIED.
CRAXE— HARMON— this city, September 81,
1599. by the Rev. John Stephens, Frank H.
Crane of Turlook. CaL, and Helena B. Har-
mon of Merced, Cal.
HANCOCK— In this city. September
17, 1899, by the Rev. D. Nugent, Jules F.
Hancock of San Francisco and M. Adah Aver-
-111 of Virginia City, Nev.
HOENES— McLEA— In this city, September 8,
IS9S. at the Church of the Advent, by the !
Rev. H. Parrlsh, William H. Hoenes and I
Mary McLeo.
MYERS— WILLIAMS— At the bride's borne, !
September 21, 1899. Charles L. Myers and
Edna I. Williams.
PARKS— MAGUIRE— In this city, September
20, 1899, by the Rev. Father Sampson, Charles
L. Park* and Terese G. Maguire.
_____ „
Bourke, John E. Hahn (infant)
Brown, Elizabeth M. Hogan, Mary G.
Buck, Anna M. B, Kennedy, William
Campbell. David O. Kordmeyer. Georg*
Castlen. Marie J. La wtion,- Charles 8.
Cohen, William Lewis, John O.
Cole-man. Ensign N.T. McQuesten,- .Mrs. ■It
Courtney, Frank J. O'Brien, John
Crawhall, Mabel H_ Peyser, Henry
Crowe, Thomas Rupert, Evelyn M.
Evans, Harlow Shelley. Thomas
Gannon, Peter J. Smith, Thomas
Gerlach, Annie . Btanly, John A.
Glazier, William W. Thomas, Eliza S3. •
Goff. Mrs. S. M.
BOURKE— In this city, September 28, 1899, John
Edmund Bourke. a native of Glasgow. Scot-
land, aged 29 'years. (Glasgow, Scotland, pa-
pars please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street, thence
to St. Brendan's Church, where services will j
be celebrated for the repose of his soul. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, September 22, 1899,
Elizabeth M., wlfo of the late Charles F.
Brown, and sister of Mrs. Alice Higson, Mrs.
J. A. McPherson of Golden Gate, Cal.. and
E. H. Haughton, a native of Nantucket,
Mass.. aged 45 years 3 months and 20 days.
GrFTl«nd* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:80 o'clock, from the residence
Of Mrs. A. Hlgson, 1822 Webster street. In-
terment Maeonic Cemetery.
BUCK— In Oakland, September 22, 1899, Anna I
M. Bellows, widow of L. W. Buck, mother of
Frank H.. Fred M. and Emma L. Buck. Mrs.
J. B. Cory and Mrs. J. C. S. Akerly, and sis-
ter of Mrs. M. J. Eddy, Mrs. Helen M. Olney
and Henry J. Bellows, a native of Seneca
Falls. N. V., aged 65 years. -
K_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the, funeral . services
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 929 Adeline street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— Melbourne, Australia, August j
9, 1893, David Callender Campbell, brother of
the Hon. James C. Camobell, M. _■. C, Vie- I
torla, Australia. Thomas O. Campbell, J. p..
HLNRY «]. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMKALM~ERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
N. T. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS B JACOB CO^TaVe' H^ h
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
ers, 318 Mason street, bet. Geary and
O'Farrell streets. Telephone Main 6213.
Londonderry, Ireland. Georre C. Oaropfcell.
Chicago, and W. H. CamnbeU. San Fran-
cisco, aged £9 years.
CABTLBN— Entered Into rest. In this city, Sep-
tember 22, 1899. Marie Juliette Castlen, be-
loved and only daughter of Mrs. Ben I. Salo-
mon, and slßter of E B and J. G. Castlen,
a native of Georgia. (Georgia, New York
City, Chicago and Peoria, 111., papers please
copy.)
tryFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 11
o'clock, at her late residence. 414 Clayton
Btr«9t. Interment Cypraes Lawn Cemetery,
by electric car.
COHEN— In Alameda, September 21, 1899, Wil-
liam Cohan, beloved father of Israel S., Ben-
jamin. Aaron and M. H. Cohen. Mrs. B.
Bernard. Mrs. I. LevlEon, Mrs. Ralph Levy
and Rose Cohen, a native of England, aged 71
years.
CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1811 Railroad avenue. Alameda. Take
train at 11:80 o'clock from Third and Town-
send streets to Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
COLEMAN— In this city. September 21, IM9,
Ensign Noah Tunnlcllff Coleman, a native of
Syracuse, N. V., aged 29 y«ars.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are reepset-
fally invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at i o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
thence to the ferry with escort of United
States shit> lowa.
COURTNEY— In this city. September ». I*W.
Frank John Courtney, dearly beloved hus-
band of Kittle Courtney, beloved father of
Ruth. Frank Jv., Alice and the late Law-
rence L. Courtney, son of Lawrence and Ha-
norah Courtney, and brother of Joseph, Wil-
liam, Alphonsls and Thomas Courtney and
Mrs. D. Courtney and Mrs. Thonias Steel of
Alameda, a native of Fort Wayne, Ind., aged
82 years 11 months and 28 days. A member
of Western Addition Camp No. 80«, W. of W.
(Fort Wayne, Ind., papers please copy.)
t?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 248 Perry street, between Fdurth and
Fifth, thence to St. Rese's Church, Brannan
street, near Fourth, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of bis
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TO the officers and members of Western Addi-
tion Camp No. 80«, W. of W.— Neighbors: You
are hereby notified to meet this day (Sun-
day), at 8 o'clock, at 24s Perry street, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth, for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our late neighbor,
Frank John Courtney. By order of the Os)n-
sul Commander. S. F. DE ROCO. CleTk.
CRAWHALL— In this dty, September 22. 189»,
Mabel E.. beloved daughter of Margaret and
the late John Crawhall, and sister of Wil-
liam Crawhall, Mrs. P. E. Brigham. Mrs. &.
B. Evans, Mrs. A. P. Mordaunt and Mrs. W.
H. Eckley, a native of Ban Francisco, aged
20 years 11 months and t days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clook, from the residence
of her mother. 4032 Army street. Interment
private.
CROWE— In this city. September S3. 1»»,
Thomas, beloved bv.sband of Bridget Crowe,
uncle of P. J. Crowe, and brother-in-law of
Owen O'Malley, Mrs. John Tracey, Mrs. J.
Whelan and the, late Mrs. Daniel Corrlgan, a
native of the parish of Emly, County Tlpper-
ary, Ireland, aged 51 years and 8 months.
ICTFrlonda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, COt Twentieth street, between Illinois
and Michigan, Potrero. thence to St. Teresa's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repoee of his soul at 9:80
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EVANS— In this city, September 22, 1899, Har-
low Evans, beloved father of Mrs. vT. G.
Copeland and Homer L. Evans, a native of
Harmony, Me., aged 71 years t months and
25 days.
tyServtces will be held to-morrow rMon-
day). at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of Halsted
& Co. Interment private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
GANNON— In this city, September it. 1899.
Peter Joseph, beloved son of William and
Elizabeth Gannon, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 years 1 month and II days.
[CjPFrienda and aoqua-lntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the ffsldence of I
his grandmother, Mrs. RMlly, 618 Laguna |
street thence tn Sacred Heart Church, Fell i
and Flllmore streets, for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GERLACH— In this city. September 23. 1899,
Annie, beloved wife of the late Dr. George '
Oerlach. and mother of Mrs, Annie M. Ber-
the-lot, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years aiid T
months.
(d?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:45 o'clock, from her late rent- I
denes, 1313 Golden Gate avenue, thence to St. j
Stephen's Episcopal Church, Fulton street,
near Flllmore, where services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurtl
Hill Cemetery.
GLAZIER —In this city, September ti, 1899,
William W., husband of Ann E. Glazier,
and father of Ella and Gertrude Glazier, a
native of Gardner, Mass., aged 85 years.
It T Funeral this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
from his late, residence. 1309 De-rtsadero street,
thence to Odd Fellows' Crematory for serv-
ices.
GOFF— In Alameda, September 23, 18T>!>, Mrs.
S. M. Ooff, widow of the late Captain Dwlght |
Goff, mother of Mrs. Charles A. Williams and j
Miss P. Grace Coff, and sister of Mrs. Samuel j
Nnthan and the late Mrs. N. F. Williams, a i
native of Amherst, N. H., ared 64 years »
months and 15 days.
HAHN— In this city, September 23, 1599, Infant
son of R. J. and Mary Hahn, aped 5 days.
HOGAN- In this city, September 22, 1899, Mary
Gertrude, beloved wife of Martin C. Hogan,
mother of Mary G. and Sarah C. Hoean and
the late Nellie, and Alice Hoiran. dauchter of !
Michael Hogan, and Bister of John and James |
Hogan, a native of Oswero, N. V.. aged 37 j
years 7 msnths and 24 dayß. (Oswego, N. V.,
papers please, copy.)
C7"Frlen<iB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 212 Fourteenth street, between Mis- !
Blcn and Howard, thence to St. Charles Bor-
romeo's Church, corner Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets, for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. September 21. 1599.
William Kennedy, beloved son of Mrs. Ken-
neJy, a native of San Francisco, aged 31
years.
L^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clook, from Theo. Dlerks'
undertaking establishment. 957 Mission street.
KORDMEYER— In this city. September 22, 1899,
George Kordmey«r, a native of Germany.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Mr. S. H. Seymour. 1718 Sacramento street.
LAWSON— In thle city, September 18. 1899,
Charles 8.. beloved husband of Jane A. Law-
son, a native ot Sweden, aged 66 years and 2
months. _
Cy Friends and acquaintances and comrades
of James A. Garfleld Post No. 34 and com-
rades of the G. A. R., also members of kin-
dred associations, are respectfully Invited to
attend the funeral from Garfleld Post rooms,
114 O'Farrell street, this day (Sunday), at
1:30 o'clock. Interment National Cemetery,
Presidio.
LEWIS— In Sulsun. John G. Lewis, beloved
husband of Rebecca Lewis, and father of
Clarence Lewis and Mrs. Fred Balasco, a na-
tive of Now Yerk. aged 59 years.
McQUBSTEN— In Alameda, September 22, 189»,
Mrs. Mary A. McQuAsten, beloved mother of
Dr. Charles A. and Emma P. McQuesten. a
native of Maine, aged f>l years and 9 months.
C7"Frl«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fnneral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1829 Union street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
O'BRIEN— In this city, September 22. 1899.
John, beloved husband of the late Mary
O'Brien, father of Mrs. C. J. Sullivan and
John, Martin and the late Maggie O'Brien,
brother of Michael. Austin and the late Pat-
rick and Darby O'Brien, and grandfather of
Robert Sullivan and JohnnU O'Brien, a na-
tive of County Gal way, Ireland. A member
of Division No. 3. A. O. H.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
qf his daurhter Mrs. C. J. Sullivan. «584
Natoma street, tnenee to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com- I
menclng at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal- I
vary Cemetery.
A. O. H. No. 3— Officers and members of Drvls- |
lon No. 8 are hereby notified to attend the '
funeral of our deceased brother, John '
O'Brien, from hi 6 late residence, 644 Natoma
street, to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock.
Constitutional fines for non-attendance will
be strictly enforced. By order of
M. J. MANNING. President
M. H. McCAFFERTY, Secretary.
PEYBER— In this city. September 2t 1899,
Henry, beloved husband of Bertha Peyser,
and father of Mrs, Pauline Jacobs and Eva
Peyser, a native of Krotochln, Prussia, aged
69 years. A member of California Lodge No.
1, I. O. O. F. : Golden Gate Lodge No. I. A.
O. U. W. ; Golden Star Council No. 548.
A. L. of H-; Exempt Firemen and Chebra
Achim Rachmonina.
IT7"Frlend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 522 Clementina street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Hall for services. Interment Salem
Cemetery, by carriages.
RUPERT— In this city, September St, 189». at
her residence. 747 Capp street, Evelyn M.,
beloved dauchter of Lawrence and Mamie
Itupert, a native of Illinois, aged 20 years t
months and 22 days.
E7"Frlen<ls end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:20 o'clock, from the Third Con-
gregational Church, Fifteenth street, near
Mission, thence by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets, at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-.
SHELLKY— In this city. September 22. «99,
Thomas, beloved busfcand of Catherine Shel-
ley, and father of William J. and Lizzie Shel-
ley, a native of Halifax. Nova Scotia, aged
60 years.
Ci7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1121 Harrison street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services at 2 o'clock, in-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH —In this city, September 23, 189»,
Thomas, beloved husband of Catherine Smith,
and father of Ben and Katie Smith, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years.
THOMAS— In this city, September 23, 1899,
Eliza E., beloved wife of Georfe L. Thomas,
and mother of Viola B. Thomas and Burt J.
Fields, a native of Maryland, aged 45 years.
STANL.Y— In Oakland, at his residence. 1221
Jackson street, September 22, 1899, John A.
Stanly. a native of North Carolina. (New
York and North Carolina papers please copy.)
ETTrlenda are respectfully lnviwd to *t-
tend tba funeral this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
Oakland. Interment private.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Elizabeth, William A.. Annl« X. r Emma and
C 1. Vorrath to John Ogllvie, lot on W line
of Parker street, 175 S of Geary, S 25 by W
138 (quitclaim deed): »».
Albert Ptagla to Lucy E. Galavottl, lot on
NE corner of Pine and Polk streets, N SO by
E 52:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to iAidwl*
Sehwabacher, lot on NE corner of Clay and
Oougti streets, N lt:t% by E 119; $ .
William H. and Nellie F. Emery to Leroy
N. McQuesten, lot on N line of Post street,
37 :« Eof Buchanan, E26by N 87:6; $10.
Ramu«l O. Murphy and James T. Boyd to
William A. Hicks, lot on S line of Greenwich
street. 127:6 W of Buchanan, W 25 by S 120; $10.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R. and
Martha Wood, exeeutrleea) to William B. Glid
den, lot on N line of Broadway, 95 W of Fill
moro street. W 32 :« by N 187:6; $7312.
City and County of San Francisco to Jos*ph
Brandensteln et al., lot on NE corner of Broad
way and Pierce street, N 275 by E 412:6; also
lot on NE corner of Vallejo and Pierce streets,
E 275, N 156, Wto a point, S 152; $ .
Builders' Contracts.
Enterprise Brewing; Company, owners, with
Adam B«rk, contractor; archlteot, H. Gellfuss.
Excavations, concrete and brick work for a
one-story brick boiler and engine house on the
E side of Folsom street, 200 6 of Sixteenth, S
128. B 245, N 66, W 62, N 70, W 195; $8079.
Same owntri with Otto Schrader, contractor;
architect same. Caatlron and steel construc
tion* for same on same; $1894.
Charles J. Behlow (owner) with Gray Bros,
(contractors), architects Curlett & McGaw-
Excavatlnc bnlkhead and concrete work and
underpinning for basement of Union-square
Th«ater building on portion of 60-vara block 143,
77:6 E of Pow«ll stre*t, and fronting; on Geary
street; $10,960 :
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued From Page Nineten.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. September 18.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka. %
SAILED.
Saturday, September 13.
Btmr Corona, Hall, San Diego.
Stmr "Walla Wall*, Gage, Victoria and Fort
Townsend.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen. Whitesboro.
Btmr Sunol, Llebig, Grays Harbor.
U S »tmr Sherman, Grant, Honolulu and
Manila.
Br stmr Carmarthenshire, Bureh. San Dlero
and Hongkong.
Br st/nr Wellington, Salmond, Xanalma.
Stmr WwtDort, Peterson, .
Ship Oriental, Parker, Seattle.
Br Rhlp Sprlngburn, Rae, London.
Br baric Ventura, Ahrens. Antwerp.
Bktn Encore, Atwood, Grays Harbor.
Si hr Bessie K. Nielsen, .
Schr Man' Etta, Anderson, Bowen» Landlnr.
Sohr Alice Klmball, Maduen, Mendocino.
Bchr Laura May, Hansen, Everett.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS, Sept 23, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; -wind west, vloctty $ miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
July 11. lat M S, lan 72 W— Br ship Langdals,
from London, for Puget Sound.
Aur 4, lat 52 9, lon $4 W— Br ship Olfford,
from Cardiff, for San Francisco.
Jun» 4, lat 4 X, lon 117 W— Br ship B«rern
bank, from Taooma, for Liverpool.
Aug 23. lat 1« N, lon U W— Br ship Matter
horn, from Antwerp. f° r San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Bept 23 — Jap stmr America Maru.
previously reported; part of her carro Is to ba
sold. Will sail for San Francl»co Bept 27.
COLLISION*.
Schr Ida McKay, hence Sept 22, for Gray*
Harbor, returned Sept 23 on account of be-lng
In collision with schr Bella on Sept 22 at 6:40 p
m In a dense fo* about four miles west of
Point Lobos. Struck schr Bella on port side
abaft the. fore ringing and tore her foresail
and did other small damage. Ida McKay had
jlbboom and headgear carried away.
DOMESTIC PORT*.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Sept JO— Schr
Ethel Z«Jie,' from Port Gamble.
TACOMA- Sailed Sept 23— Schr Ol«ndale. for
San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept IS— Bktn Tarn o'
Shanter, hence Sent 7.
Sailed Sept 23— Schr Webfoot, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Sept S3— Schr Mary C. for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAi-JG — Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Noyo,
hence Sept 21 ; stmr Sequoia, hence Sept 22.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 23— Bark
Big Bonanza, hence Aug 20: bktn Willie R
Hume, hence Sept 11: schr Robert R Hind, from
Honolulu; echr Robert Lewers, from Honolulu;
brig Courtney Ford, from San Pedro; Br ship
River Falloch. from Seattle, for Victoria; schr
J H Bru^e, from Nicolaefski.
ETREKA— Arrived Sept 23— Schr Fortuna,
hence Sent 16.
Sailed Sent 23 — Stmrs Pomona and South
Coast, for San Francisco; bark Haydn Brown,
for Sydney.
Launched Pept ?3— Schr TMspatch.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 22— Pchra
Beulah and Roy Somerp, hence Sept 3; »chr
Repeat, hence Sept 10; schr Mary E Russ. from
Honolulu; -<chr Emma Utter, hence Sept 6.
PalleJ Sept 23— Schr Twilight, for San Tran-
ClF^O.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 28— Schr J A
Campbell, from Tacoma; schx Azalea, from
Tacoma.
Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Rival, for Coos Bay;
schr Lucy, for Umpqua: schr Lettltla, for
Grays Harbor.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Alliance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— Arrived Sect «— Stmr San Joae,
hence Aur IS
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 16— Nor etmr
Thyra, from Pan Diego. Sept 20— Br stmr
Doric, hence Sept 2.
Sailed Sept 18— Stmr Conemaugh, and itmr
Pennsylvania, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior Sept tS— -Stmr
China, hence Aug 26.
HONGKONG— Arrived previous to Stpt 28—
Stmr China, hence Aug 25.
QTTEENSTOWX— SaiIed Sept tt—ltal ship
Catherlna Aeoame, for Hull.
ACAPCT/TO— Sailed Sept 20— Stmr San Bias,
for Frin Francisco.
PORT PlßlE— Arrived Sept 21— Schr Golden
Shore, from Port Blakeley.
TRANSATLANTIC STEJAMTSRB.
JS'EW YORK— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr L* Tou
ralne, from Havre.
Sailed Sent 23— Stmr Patria, for Hamburg:
stmr Lucanlo, for Liverpool: stmr Mohawk, for
London; stmr La Bretaeme-. for Havre; stmr
Spaamdam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr
Aller. for Genoa: stmr Furnessla, for Glasgow;
rtmr Mongolian, for Glasgow.
NHW YORK— Arrived Sept 23— Ptmr Rottar
flam. from Rotterdam.
HONGKONG— Arrived previously Sept S3—
Stmr China, from Kan Francisco.
IjIVF" OL— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Derby
shire, Boston.
SOI™1 1 iMPTON — Arrived S*pt 23 — Stmr
Frfederlch der Grosse, from New York, for
Bremen.
OCEAN TRAVEL. v
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Naw York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Oct. 4|New York ...... Oct. 25
St. Louis Oct. 11 St. Louis Nov. 1
St. Paul Oct. 18 St. Paul Nov. 8
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 18 noon.
Friesland Oct. 4|Kensington Oct. 25
Southwark Oct. ll|Nordland .......Nov. 1
W«iternland ....Oct. IS Friesland Nor. 8
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
80 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
fqf ■W&'affliiU Honolulu Sydney
| W K'**"" B^' Auckland for Sydney
*4 mm —^ Wednesday, October
ijOMm^RIDJ Th * 8 - 9 - Australia
CytWlllJlllV galls for Honolulu
(OTiB3fZU~ Wednesday, October
«r^» *Wiiiw«|«q- lg at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. $610 first class. •>.-v.-^?y
I. 0. SPA£CKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
OOMPAfNIE OENSRALE TRANBATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ><£**
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <T~eT i->
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ■>■•■*■••*»
Morton. St. LA TOURAINE, Sept. 30; LA
NORMANDIE, Oct. 7; LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct
14; LA GAPCOGNE. Oct. 21: LA BRETAGNE
Oct. 28. First-class to Havre, $60 and up-
ward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 6 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
'BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcallo." '
MON. Tnes., W»d., Thur*. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 8:15. 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, Ip. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m , 8
p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock.
Pl«r No. 2. Telephone Main 160«.
FARE ...'... i. ........... ....... ...;..j. .*' Mc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895. and lor the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $153,170 87
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 10,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 597,450 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stock* and other marketable
securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office
Cash In Banks 45.05175
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1.750 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Premiums In due "course' ot 'Collection. 32,833 86
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 32,883 86
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for' Fire and Marine Risks 214 70
Rents due and accrued 475 00
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid
Total Assets ...|850.78g IS
LIABILITIES.
Losees adjusted and unpaid $ 670 00
Losses in process of adjustment or In
Suspense 2,076 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses —
Grass premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $146,277 09; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 73,138 65
Grose permlums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $$2,999 09; rein-
surance pro rata 63,546 02
Gross premium on Marine and Inland
Navigation Risks, I ■ ; rein-
surance 100 per cent
Grots premiums on Marine Time
Rifks, | ; reinsurance 50 per
cent
AH other demands against the Com-
pany 7,219 24
Total Liabilities ■■ .$137.648 il
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Firs
premiums $200,767 23
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 20.429 45
Received for Renta ...~ 10.102 45
Total Income ...$231.299 19
< EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- '
eluding $8102 40, losses of previous
years) 91,687 11
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ ■, losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 46,688 81
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, «tc 14,181 53
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 2.880 07
All other payments and expenditures.. 41,584 15
Total Expenditures $191,013 67
Fire. I
Lowes Incurred during the year $87,152 71 |
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. ; Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $22,493,814 $269,579 27
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 12,375,632 240.648 46 ■
N«t amount In force
December 81, 1898 17.307,708 225,276 18 i
SAML. R. WEED of Weed & Kennedy,
Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th i
day of January, 1899. GEO. H. COREY.
Commissioner for California.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager, j
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH.
416-418 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
OCEAN THAI EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j^ Steamers leave Broadway
TSja^»_ wharf, San Francisco.
BSwaatsw For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
, i 'IsipfSsJKiHk September IS, 23, 28, October
1 ' c-«\ fx&niKSi 8. Chang* at Spattle.
: EsSSaOS *~<a For Victoria, Vancouver
BHjKSsrfPM (B. C), Port Townsend. Be-
r"**^f.Cv>*| attle, Tacoma, Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. September
18, 23. 28, October 3, and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to thin company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. tjt
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Sep-
tember 16, 21, 26, October 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, j
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and j
Newport, 9 a. m., September jr. 21, 25. 29, Oc-
tober 3, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. |
m., Seotember 15, 19, 23, 27, October 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del i
Cnbo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa- |
lia and Quaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each |
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the ii«:ht to change !
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates |
and hours of salltne.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 9. R. &S. CO.
©IBPATCH FAST STEJianCRS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC 612 first Class Including Bert*
THIIL $8 Second Clo* n »nd Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sail*
Sept. 5, 15, 26; Oct. 5. 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10. 20, 80; Oct. 10. 20, 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East,
E. C. WARD. General Agent
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO. . 30 Market Bt.
GOODALL, PERKrNS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERB WILL LEAVE WHARF COP
ncr First and Brannan streets. In m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG ' calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for '
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. '
AMERICA-MARU Friday, October 17
HONGKOXG-MARU.. Wednesday' November 1
NIPPON-MART" Saturday, November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First. '
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
RAIXROAD TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC GOAS? RAILROAD.
Via Ism— H*» Parry .
Commencing September 1, 1899
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. AL * jD '*
WEEK DATS— 7:OO, 1:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.-
-•1:46. 3:20. 4:00, 8:15, »«:eo. 6:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS-»S:00, »9:00, "lO:!*), 11:00. 11-30
a. m.; 1:00. »1:45, »2:30. «4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m'
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf l«Sundays. '■
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays !
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO '
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:40, 7:55, 8-40 »106 !
a. m.; 12:30, 2:15. »3:40. 4:35. 6:15 p. ni.
•EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, '5:00, »9:45, »10-45 m-45
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, »3:30, *5:15, «6:00, 7:00, 10 : 15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55, 8:58. 10-35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays I
and Saturdays at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m : 12:05,
1:20, 2:40, 3:55, 6:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way Bta'ns. i
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns
8:0u a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta"ns
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns. i
BAXLBOAD TBAVEL.
antTHRWI pacxpic cowAjnri
{PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
T-rnln* iciitc and »r« due to Mrrlve »|
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
teATK — Frou Acorn 2, 1899. — ABErm
7:00 a Benlda, Subun arid Sawanionto. ... Bt4sj.
?iOOa MarT3Tllle, Orotllleand Bedding tI»
Woodland •• 2^«*
7:OOa Elmira. Vacarllle and Buansejr . . ... 8:50?
7:3<»a Martinez, S»n lUmon. Vallejo. Nap«,
Calistoea *nd Santa 1t05a.... 2 : !» p
S:#»a Atlantic Express, Og.ten and East.. »»4Ba
• lIOa Sun .lose. LlTflrmore, Stockton,
lone Sacramento, PlacervUl*.
MurysTtlle, Chico. Red RliiH 4ltlßp
»:30A •Milton, Oakdale and &onora. 4:15p
8:3OA Yoscmite Valley tI» Oakd&l. and
Ohtueso •iIOF
•:OOa na»«Tards, Niles »nd Way Stations. I Bi43a
9:OUa Martinez. Tnicy. l^ithrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fre5n0................ I»t JS»
»iO«a Frcsro. UaiorgUeM BanU n»rbara,
Lcs Angeles. Demlne, El Paso.
New Orleans and Ea5t............ Bi*3r
1Oi»»a Vallejo. Martinez and VV ay Stations 7t45r
1 1 :OOa Harwaras, Niles and Way Butio ÜB . «i 43»
IaiOOM NUes,-LlTerraore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoU, Unnford. Via»ll«,
Pcrt?rTllle .J'lJi'
•IjOOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers... ...... * :0 P
S:OOr Haywards. Nil.* and Way Stations. *****
41iOOr Martiner, Kan lUosoii, V al.'ejo.
Napa, Cali»»oc<«, Santa SilSa
4:« Or Beulcta, VacaTlllo. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knight Landing.
MarjSTllle. Oro»lll« *2 .2*
4iS9p NUcs. Han Jo^o and Stockton ''J-^r
4:30p Yotcmite Stepping Car for Raymond 12:13*
•<«UrTbe OwL Tracy, Freoio. Bakers-
field, Banirus for Santa Barbara,
Los Anceles. • **»*
C:BOr Stockton. Merced, Fresno iauo»
»i»«p Martinez, Tracy. Mendota. Fresno.
MoiaTO »nd Los Angeles ■••OA
•i3op Santa Pc Route. Atlantic ExpreM
for Mojare ami East •»4IBp
•jO»pChtcaeo-BauFrancl«ooBpecial,Oiden
and ICa»t *Mor
«:aoi» Haywards. Niles aid San Jos* 7i4»A
•fliOOp Vailejo 18ilBt
|7:(>«p "allejo. Port Costa and W»f Sta-
tions i»i5S»
•■••p Orcßon Ki press, BacraTTiento. Marys-
vllle. Re.l<ling. Portland, rugek
Honnil nml Kant «iIBA
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gang*).
(Foot of Market Street.)
L fti**x BanU Cruz Excursion for Santo
Cnu and Principal Way Station! J«i«B»
•il»ANewark,Centervillc,SanJo«e,Felton.
Boulder Cruz and Way
Stations Bi3OT
•»tl»p Newark, ConterTill*. San Jose, New
AlmaUen, Felton. Boulder Creek,
Rant a Cruz and Principal Way
SUtlons •10iBt4
4il»p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20 a,
Mil*PFeitCn. Hants Cruz and Way 6U-
tiops /0:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Frim SIR mitOlSCO— root «r atrkit Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 8:00 11.-OOa.U. 11:03 *2:03 t3:CO
•4:00 tC:C3 *C:o3p.m.
frjinOAKUKD— rcot «fBr«»dw»».— "0:00 8:00 10:004.11.
112:00 »l:bO 12:00 *3:00 ti:00 *8:50 p.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townscnd Sti.)
••iIOa Ocean View, South Had Francbco.. »O:30p
•7iooa San Jose «nd Way Stations (New
Aliuaden Wednesdays only) •SiOOa
17:3»a Sunday Excursion for Banta Cruz.
Pacifio Groro and Principal Way
. RUtions :5:33»
•■••a San .lose, Trcs Pinos, Hanta Cruz.
l'acillo Grore. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoo and
Principal Way fictions 4«10f
■ •i4Oa San .lose and Way .Station! Mil
|liBOa Ban Jose and Way Stations liVOr
*2:40r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lone,
Hollister, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey ami raclfio GroTa «10:3bA
•StSOp San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacino Qro»e
and Principal Way Stations '7:30?
*4:18p San Joiean.l Principal Way Stations U !•£."» a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 'S^JJa
SiltOi- San Jose anil Principal Way Stations "9:00 a
6: ;to i- San Jose aud Way Stations s::i«p
tll:t.->p San Joßomid Way Statioim l~::tOp
A for Moniiog. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
Saturday and Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. -
Tibaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
fIAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAKU .
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:88,
1:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— tria
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11. SO p. m.
BUND ATS— B:OO. >:&>. U:» a. M.i 1:30. *:3\
1:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 6:12 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 21:1» a, m.; 1:40. 1:40. 5:0«,
1:25 p. m. i
Between San FVanclsco and Schuetzen Park
same sohedule aa abort. .
Leave Arrive
Ban Franclsoo. In Effect San Francisco, ,
April 18, . -Z,
'Week Sun- lsS9. Sun- Weak
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
: T :30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:80 pm 9:30 am 1 Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 an»
t:U pm 8:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 8:80 pm
Fulton,
ftWam Windsor, 10:26 as
Healdsburs;,
Lytton,
Oeyaerville,
I: to pm 8:00 am Oloverdal*, T:SB pm «:» p4
T:» am I Hopland and I 10:25 «-n»
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. I T:IS pm 8:20 pa»
t:JO am 10:26 am
8:00 am Guernertll*. 7.-8S pm
t:Bopm 6:29 pi*
fiMam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
I and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen, i 6:05 pm 6:30 pn»
T:80 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
l:3'> pm 6:00 pm . 7:35 pm 8:30 pat
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring's and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
(or Lytton Springs: at OeyserviHe for Skag^a
•prints; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop->
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring*.
Kels«yrllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
>ort and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
•prints, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
, >ell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
]»otter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, LJerley's.
Sucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvtlle,
3oonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,;
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Braggv
Westport. Usal, WUlltts. Laytonville, Cum}
tnlng*s. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.'
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle Nd«,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN/ 1
General Manager. O>n. Pass. Agent,
___
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE)
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKB
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT S: JO P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY T-R.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLB
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 621
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 111S Broadway. .-» v '■'
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Paseen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
cer. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced , 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:SS am 7:45 pm| Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am C. 25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market St.,
San Francisco. ■
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23 1899 '
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p "m
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:16 p. m., Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11-20
p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45; 1:39
stnrt 4 p. m.
Far« 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40
THOS. COOK & SON, Acts.. «21 Market at.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank clearings gain as usual.
y a fraction firmer.
White and Red Lead marked up.
Wheat less active. Barley and Oats very firm.
Corn dull and unchanged. Good interior demand for Rye.
Xezi' Beans coming in slowly. Seed market dull.
Onions firm and Sweet Potatoes higher.
Tomatoes still glut the market.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry announced for to-morrozv.
Game scarce and selling at fancy prices.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Wine Grapes selling off briskly at $18 to $25 per ton.
Other Fruits about as previously quoted.
Dried Peaches and Pears very firm. Prunes still quiet.
Bacon and Lard stiff at the advance. Hams steady.
Hides and Leather reported extremely active and firm.
Wool and Hops quiet at the old prices.
Beef easy and Mutton lozver. Other Meats unchanged.
Increased imports at this port.
. Charters.
The Drumburton loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 37s G.I.
The Foohng: Su«v loads sugar at Honolulu
for Delaware Break-water, tor orders, $6— 26 c
less direct.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were $18.-
Cv>.l49, against $15,461,616 for the same week
last year.
The Hay Market.
The circular of Scott & Magner says: Re
ceipts of ; I •->• for the past week have been
£630 tons. The market has continued along In
a rather Hi ■•■:■■.-.: condition for the past
ten days, during which time there has been no
j articular changes to note. While arrivals
have continued heavy, we have been filling up
barns cf consumers who are buying for win
tor use. Movement of consigned Hay has been j
eaticfactory and prices have varied at times
from lay to day, but no definite changes in j
values have taken place since our last report.
There la much movement o£ Hay expected here
during the n^xt few weoks to clear the fields.
Shipments are baily delayed on account of the j
scarcity ( : both water and rail transportation
faculties.
Alialfa Hay— Arrivals this week have con
tinued heavy. There has been considerable
dif.iculty m obtaining boats to freight tha
Hiver Alfalfa, and this perhaps has been a
fact' r in not overcrowding the market of late.
Prices are unchanged and steady.
Arrivals 01" rStraw have been fairly liberal,
but the demand has been exceptionally good.
WhHe there is no change in prices, all offer-
Ings ar» readily placed at quotations. Choice
Barley, ZZr; No. 1 lots of Barley or of Wheat
Straw, 2"r;Qo2'2C per bale."
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices from New York ray:
The close of the season for some varieties
of domestic fruits has created a larger de- j
mand for dried fruit, which will Increase sales.
Distributers are Importunate in their de
rr.anis, and some enlargement in orders is an
ticipated.
Pruned re meeting with stronger consump
tive demand, but no larger request has been
noted as yet. Scales are limited to caxlots, or.
In extreme casi-s, two and three carlotn. The
request from distributers will unquestionably
compel buyers to enlarge their orders, and
moro active trading may be expected this week.
Prices Mill ru!.' at Be, with 2%c bid. It seems
probabla that buyers will be compelled to ac
cept the Inevitable and raise their bids to 3c
to enable then to get the t-tock required.
Peaches are weak and prices are relatively
low. Demand is small and alined to retail
orders. No one wants to buy under present
conditions. Neither is th^re any pressure to
eel!, but the probability is that trade will ta
prove shortly, a/id that Bales will be more
liberal.
A]>rk-cts are firm, and the only buyers ap
poar to be exporters.
Australian Gold.
The M.irlposa brought up $632,913 In sover
eigns, making a total on this account thus far
this year of $11,110,345, and $J9.4ft»,02Q nince the
movement began In August, 1597.
Foreign Imports.
Foreign Imports at this port during: the first
e!cht months of the year amount to $29,598,700,
against $27,&5f>,000 for the same time last year,
the leading items being as follows: From the
Hawaiian Islands, $$,557, Of*: Japan, $"i,!> 95.200;
China, $4,822,200; Great Britain, {1,371,200; Cen
tral America, $2.2M.P00: British Columbia,
$1,325,700; East Indies, $l.&38,800.
IV eat her Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 23—5 p. m.
This following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 64 ; Ban Diego 74
Fresno 93 ; Sacramento 100
Los Angeles 80 i Independence S2
Red Bluff 104 i Yuma 100
Ban Luis Obispo 80 i
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
72; minimum. 48; mean, CO.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL. I
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure overlies the north
ern half of the Pacific Coast. Over Arizona
and Southeastern California the usual summer
type low prevails. There are 8 «ne indications
of the approach of a low pressure over the
coast of Central California, but the conditions
do not yet warrant a forecast of rain for this
The temperature l.as risen slowly over the
country west of the SWras. Betwwn the Sler
rns and the Kockks the temperature has fallen
pllghtly. In the great valleys of California
the temperatures are far above the normal,
end excellent conditions for fruit drying and
raisin making prevail.
No rain haa fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tain?
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnlKht. September 24. 1599:
F«.r Northern California— Fair Sunday; fresh
northerly winds in the interior, westerly winds
on the coast, with fog.
For Southern California— Cloudy Sunday;
llsht southwesterly winds.
For Nevada-Fair Sunday; warmer in north
ern r''- >rtlon -
For Utah— Fair Sunday; warmer In northern
portion.
F< r Arizona— Cloudy Sunday.
For Kan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sun
<lav; southerly, changing to . lUht northwest
erly, winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
_ Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— Tho tono of the trail-
Ing in stock* was quiet by comparison with
the recent excited temper on the Exchange,
but the local traction Bt< dv continued to re
flect a decidedly uncertain frame of mind.
Brooklyn Transit refused to go up more than a
point, and then clipped below last nteht's" level.
Its extreme dc-elmo wan 5 points, and even with
a final rally of covering by shorts its net
lots Is I points. Metropolitan fared better and
haa a gain over 2. The other New York city
etocks fell off in sympathy with Brooklyn
Transit, .-md the stock* of the Flower group
were Inclined to weakness all around. There
was no marked strength at any time. The
early advance was nominally In sympathy
with the hope expresued In Borne quarters
abroad that tho Transvaal question would find
a peaceful solution after all. Earlier gains had
be*n very generally wiped out when the bank
statement appeared. The first effect of the
btatement was a rally due to buying by those
who never look further than the surplus re
serve figures. An analysis of the statement
failed to develop any very encouraging feature
In It, and prices fell away again to the low
est of the day and closed there, except for a
few specialties, which rallied.
Much was made sarly In the week of a plan
©/relief for the stringency of money by an
Increase of national bank circulation. It -will
be observed that the total Increase of circula
tion according to the statement amounts to
but •; 900 for the week. Furious speculative
activity and excitement have made heavy deal
ings on the Stock Exchange all week. The
[ obviouß necessity disclosed by last Saturday's
bank statement for a contraction of loans by
the banks prepared the professional stock oper
ators to take advantage of the forced llquida
; tlon of speculative holdings of stocks which
had been bought on a margin with borrowed
money. The professional operators were all
bears and took the market away from the
longs as quickly as the pressure of liquidation
manifested Itself in any on« spot. The course
: of prices indicated pretty clearly that the call
ing of loans was made with marked discrim
: ination against the industrial stocks. The mar
gin of collateral on loans in which the secur
ities figured was broadened as well as the rate
of Interest being marked up. In many cases
the loans were called outright, only to be re
placed after the collateral had been shifted
into more substantial securities. The violent
fluctuations In Brooklyn Transit had an In
evitable effect on other securities more or less
allied to It by common ownership of securities.
The proportions of the dealings In Brooklyn
Transit have, perhaps, never been equaled in
the history of any other stock In the same
period of time. In two weeks past the num
ber of shares of this stock sold on the Ex
change foots up to a total or almost four times
as great as the total share issue of the com
pany. The fact Is beginning to emerge that
a contest 19 on between some of the most pow
erful financial Interests in the country for the
control of some or all of the public utilities
and franchises of Greater New York. The
contest has been open and fierce for many
months in the gas business of the city, and
belief In Wall street Is that the same elements
are engaged In contending for the control of
the street railway corporations. The eagerness
of the boar element" among professional opera
tors resulted in overer.tending the short ac
count, and the demand to cover became rather
urpent. There was some relief from the
earlier anxiety over the money outlook as the
week progressed, based on various causes. The
large contraction of loans was sufficient to In
sure a material decrease in deposit liabilities
by the bank, and the outgo of money showed
a falling off, both to the interior and to the
Sub-Treasury. The purchase of $500,000 in gold
in the London market for shipment to New
York, though it would not be vouched for by
any one in Wall street, had an influence on
Stock Exchange sentiment, as It was doubtless
intended it should. The downward course of
foreign exchange excites expectation of an
early export movement of gold, though foreign
bankers rather deprecate the expectation.
There Is Still existing a snort interest in
sterling exchange which makes a good de
mand for belated cotton bills, which are now
coming forward more freely. Last September
the surplus reserve of the New York banks
i fell below $;,000,0C0 on September 17, and loan
I contraction and liquidation on the Stock Ex
i change pet in with a stiffening of the call loan
rat's to 6 per cent. By the end of the month
I call loans had dropped back to below 2 per
cent, and surplus reserves had risen to about
05,000,000. But last September the Treasury
added to Its deposits with depository banks
the sum of nearly $15,000/100 In connection with
the payment of subscriptions to the new Gov
ernment bond issue. The large excess of Gov
ernment expenditures over receipts was adding
money in circulation, while the New York
banks are now losing weekly to the Sub-
Treasury. During last September the receipts
from Europe at New York, according to the
Custom-house report, were 111.738.242. This
month .there have been no receipts of gold and
none are likely before the end of the month.
Last September the Treasury not only offered
to anticipate October 1 Interest on the 4 per
cents of 1307 as It has done this year, but also
■ offered to anticipate the redemption of over
$14 000.000 of Pacific currency Cs. Neither offer
was taken advantage of on any large Fcale
by holders of bonds. National banks were in
creasing their circulation last September on a
larger scale than this. These differences in
I the circumstances last year must be taken into
account in connection with the quick recupera
tion of New York banks last September. The
loan contract last year between September and
October 1 reached nearly $80,000,000.
The bond market has moved generally in
sympathy with* stocks, but has not been as
active nor changes as wide. United States 2s
advanced %. hut old 4s registered declined V*
and the 3s V* In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares CT ??m S
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
1,200 Atchlson '»%
7.570 Atchlson prefd «•■ "*
400 Baltimore and Ohio wjv»
Canadian Pacific • »-*
Canada Southern »3
1,200 Central Pacific «jj*
1,03? i becapeake and Ohio *•*
1,420 Chicago Great Western "V 4
7.020 Chicago, Bur and Qulncy... 131
100 Chicago, Indiana and L0ui5........ 1174
Chicago. Indiana and Louis prefd.. 44 V2
""eo6 Chicago and East Illinois 91V4
200 Chicago and Northwestern ICBH
3 400 Chicago, Rock Island and Fao U»H
100 <; C C and St Louis &a"hi
8,000 Colorado Southern -• »
200 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 44
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd i.>\i
100 Delaware and Hudson JS»
TOO Delaware, Lack and Western 187
600 Denver a.nd Rio Grande «r*
200 Denver and Rio Grande prefd <»Jji
JJj^g li'A
"*BOO Erie first prefd 36%
1,060 Great Northern prefd 163
200 Hocking Coal la «
:•• Hocking Valley 32
200 Illinois Central «<>A
200 lowa Central JJ*
lowa Central prefd . 66%
1600 Kansas City, Pitts and Gulf 7%
.. . ... Lake Erio and Western 18
100 Lake Erie and Western prefd 78%
take Shore •• *" *
' 2 300 Louisville and Nashville 73
10.R30 Manhattan L • •••. «**
14 151 Metropolitan Street Railway 102
200 Mexican Central **/»
200 Minn and St Louis <1*
. Minn and St Louis prefd 81
1,660 Missouri Pacific »
100 Mobile and Ohio ••••••••••••• **%,
..... Missouri, Kansas and Texas ...... 12**
' 1 000 Missouri. Kansas and Texas prefd.. 40
100 New Jersey Central 11? V 4
400 New York Central iffy
1200 Norfolk and Western •■••••• 24%
.-63 Norfolk and Western prefd €9%
6 400 Northern Pacific ...... £?rs
1,010 Northern Pacific prefd ££
200 Ontario and Western z&.-i
.. Oregon Railway and Nay ••;••• **
1...:.: Oregon Railway and Nay prefd.... 76
1,500 Pennsylvania ••• •"}
100 Reading •• ?'■»
1,000 Reading Ist prefl ■•"5,2
SCO Reading 2nd prefd 32J4
Rio Grande Western ■•••■ 3. ,4
... Rio Grande Western prefd 81/4
00 St Louis and San Francisco......... 11
... St Louis and San Fran Ist prefd.... .0
* "00 51 Louis and 3an Fran 2nd prefd.. 36V4,
St Louis, Southwestern M
I 000 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 34H
7,560 St Paul : ™
St Paul prefd 1<»
100 St Paul and Omaha 124
UP Southern Pacific aav»
1,000 Southern Railway 12
1,300 Southern Hallway prefd 62W,
200 Texas and Pacific 19?*
4,000 Union Pacific •••;■;•• «
8 300 Union Pacific prefd 76%
200 Wabash • ;t4
2F,n Wabaish prefd «
l BO Wheeling and Lake Erie ............ 12
1 4<JO Wheeling and Lake Erie 2nd pre M.. 31
"... Wisconsin Central 17
. p c c and Ht L 73
Express Companies—
Adams ...114
American • • I*'
United States SO
.*.... Wella-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous—
1,000 American Cotton oil ... , 44
... American Cotton Oil prefd.......... 83
\\ American Malting 15$
American Malting prefd 67H,
tOO Amer Smelting and Refining....... 28
800 Amer Smelting and B prefd ..88%
....... American Spirits .,..., &M
American Spirits pnrfd ............. V)
7,400 American 6te»l. Hoop .............. 44%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 1899.
300 American Steel Hoop prefd _— 85H
1,000 American Steel and Wins 61%
ICO American Steel and Wire prefd.... 96"'-a
too American Tin Plate 3S'4
American Tin Plate prefd SS%
8,940 American Tobacco 121 Vi
American Tobacco prefd 146 j
2,010 Anaconda Mining Co 521-4
£9,275 Brooklyn Rapid Transit «0> 4
1.430 Colorado Fuel and Iron 55% :
2.140 Continental Tobacco 42
700 Continental Tobacco prefd 93
6.550 Federal Steel : 64 >£ :
tld Federal Steel prefd 7* 1 *
....... General Electric 121
Glucose Sugar 6l<* I
100 Glucose. Sugar prefd 103
1,400 International Paper 2S>4
200 International Paper, prefd 54
Laclede Gas 854]
100 National Biscuit 46W
110 National Biscuit prefd 964 i
National Lead 20 ' a ]
National Lead prefd 110
1,500 National Steel 51%;
1 National Steel prefd 96 \
373 New York Air Brake 175 '
200 North American 12% I
Pacific Coast 47
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
— ... Paciilc Coast 2nd prefd 64
«75 Pacific Mail 40&
2.560 People's Gas HO'-j j
150 Pressed Steel Car 56
Pressed Steel Car prefd' 89
470 Pullman Palace Car 175
210 Standard Rope and Twine 7
9.650 Sugar 145"& !
Sugar prefd 117
2.400 Tennessee Coal and Iron 117%
20.705 United States Leather 15 j
27,950 United States Learner prefd 79
400 United States Rubber 48% '
167 United States Rubber prefd 114V4
165 Western Union so .
2,110 Republic T and B 2S& '
1.450 Republic T and S prefd 74 j
813,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V 8 2s res 100% M X & T 2ds 70Vi i
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4 3 BS£ i
Do Si coup 10S% N V C lsts Ill*
Do new 4.s re* — ISO NJ C gen us 120
Do new 4s c0up. .130 N Carolina 6s 130
Do old 4s reg 11l Do 4s 104&
Do old 4s c0up. ...113 :N Pacific lstß 113 j
Do Es reg 112 j Do 3s 66%
Do Cs coup 111 3 ! Do 4s 103% !
Dlst of Col 3.855... .117 NYC St L 45....107<£ j
I Ala class A 109 IN & W con 4s '.'44 !
Do class B IDS Do gen 6s 135
Do class C 103 Or Nay lsts 115
Do currency 100 Do 4s 102
! Atchlson gen 4s 102%. 0r Short Line 65.. .128
; Do adj 4s 88 i Do con 6s 113%
: Can Bo 2ds Reading gen 45.... 87
i Ches &Ohlo4'is... 96% R G W lsts 97% !
Do ss> IIS'.? St L & I M con 55. 112*4
Phi & N con 75. ...145 St L & S F gen 68:124%
Do 9 P deb 5s 120 St Paul cons 173*4
Chi Term 4s 97% St P C & P 15t5.... 121 j
I' &R Q l?ts 106*4 Do 5s 121 :
, Do 4s &»■; So Railway 6s 108%
1 £ T V & G lsts... Stand R & T 65... 83<i
Erie gen 4s 71 Term new set 35... 82% ■
•FW &D C lsts.. 77 Tex & Pac lsts.... 115
Gen Elec 5s 116 Do 2ds 56 ■
iGH& 3A 6s 108 tJ Pacific 4s 104%
Do 2ds 108 Wabosh lsts 113%
V & T C 5b 110% ' Do 2ds 100
Do con 6s 11l West Shore 4s 113
i lowa Central l*tS..llß Wls Central lsts.. 76 \
X C P & G lets... 71% Va Centuries 874 '
La new con 4s 106 Do deferred 5 '
L & N unl 4s W4 C & 8 4s 85*4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 28 ' Ontario 6 75 1
Crown Point 17 Ophlr 1 00 ;
! Con Cal & Va I 66 Plymouth 8 I
! Deadwood 75 1 Quicksilver 2 00
j Gould & Curry 20 Do prefd 760
Hale & Norcross.. Co! Sierra Nevada 74
I Homestake 65 00 1 Standard 3 15
Iron Silver 52 f Union Con 88
Mexican 42 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— j Union Land E>£ ;
Call loans 3 #5 West End 9*
' Time loans 4V4@5»4 Do prefd 113
Stocks— Westng Klec prefd 47
A T & B F 80% Wls Central 68
Do prefd 88% Bonds-
American 5ugar. ..144% Atchlson 4s 100
Do prefd ....:.. .117 I Mining Shares-
Bill Telephone ..3'JO Adventure 7
Boston &- Albany.. Allouez Mining Co 5%
l'.oston Elevated.. 10'; Atlantic 2S>s
Boston & M«ln<». Boston & M0nt... 851
j C M A 0 131 Butte & Boston... 66 !
j Edison Elec 111.... 205 j Calumet &. Hecla.77s
I- Fltchburgr prefd.. .l2l Centennial 3a ■
General Electric. l2l% Franklin 18 |
Do prefd 141 • | Humboldt 1%
Federal Steel M' 4 o c«>ola X i
Do pr«M 79 iParrott 48 ]
Mexican Central.. 14% CJuincy 156
Mich Telephone... lo3 Santa F<s Copper.. 11%
Old Colony M* I Tamarack 222 ;
Old Dominion 32 i Utah 3S»$
! Rubber *>■; Inona 9
! Union Pacific 45 I Wolverines 42 I
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Financier says:
The Clearing-house banks of New York City
were able last week, throuch the familiar
operation of contracting loans and lessening de
posit liabilities, to strengthen their position,
surplus reserves having risen to nearly $3,000.
--000, as against about $250,000 for the week pre
vious. This was accomplished in the face of an
actual loss of $2,500,000 in cash, an amount
rather less than the known operations of the
week had prepared the street to expect. The
wholesale liquidation which has been In evi
dence for some days past is reflected in a con
traction of $17,866,500 in loans and a coincident
reduction of 120.798.000 In deposits.
The shrinkage in the latter item, lowering
as it did the reserve liability by 25 per cent,
released over $5,000,000 in cash and explains
why With money still flowing into the Treas
ury 'and to the West, the banks are able to end
the week in a stronger position from a cash
standpoint than they began it. In the past
three weeks the decrease in loans had been
no less than thirty-one millions, while deposits
have been reduced over fifty millions. In the
same time there has been a loss In cash of
nineteen million. The latter item explains the
drift of banking operations very well, for it
Is known that the loss of specie and legals to
the interior has not been as heavy as the fig
ures given above indicate. The money has
flown In large part into the Treasury, and I^,
has been this constant drain that has neces
sitated the policy of liquidation to maintain
As bearing on this point the completed totals
of the New York national banks as given in
their official statements of September 7 show
that between June 30 and the first week in
September country bank balances here were re
duced only four millions, whereas the con
traction in other deposits were about seventy
four millions. in the time intervening between
the two official statements the national banks
lost $21,000,000 in specie and le?als. The move
ment to the Interior since September has been
a little more active, but nothing in comparison
to the loss in cash sustained by the banks this
month.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Sept.'- 23.— The exports of gold
and silver from this port to all countries for
this week aggregated $365,210 silver bars and
coin and $5000 gold, a total of $870,210.
The Imports of specie this week were $193,
--858 fold and $79,190 silver. The Imports of dry
poods and merchandise at the portr of New
York for the week were valued at $10,033,517.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— T0-day's state
ment of th» condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $286,454,261; gold re
serve, $255,625,636.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram, says:
The tone of the market here to-day wa*
slightly firmer on the Cabinet's strong attitude.
It Is hoped that the arrangements to forward
an army corps of 50.000 men will force the
Boers to throw up the sponge. Africans were
steady but neglected. Berlin bought Northern
Pacifies. Tintos, 46%: Anacondas, 11 1-16. Bills
were very firm, bankers refusing them under
S *' CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. Canadian Pacific. %M;
Union Pacific preferred, 79%; Northern Pacific
preferred, 76%: Atchlson. 21%; Grand Trunk.
7%- Anaconda, 11.
Bar silver, steady, 27 l-16d per ounce. Money,
I<4 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TOIIK, Sept. FLOUR— K«colpt«,
20,148 barrels; exports 12.418. Quiet but steady;
Western patents, $» 6003 SO; winter straight*,
$2 3JJT3 45; Minnesota patents, $3 yo®4 10; win
ter,extras. %'i 4502 90; Minnesota bakers', IS®
8 15; winter low grades. 12 25@2 40;
WHEAT— 188,275 bushels; exports,
170 M 7. Spot, weak; No, 2 red, 72&0 f, o. b.
afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, n%o.t. o.
b afloat to arrive (new) ; No, 3 rod, 740 ele
vator, Options opened easy, with prices un
changed in tho face of higher eabUs. Later
the market gave way under local liquidation
in tha absence of outride support and declined
'sG'H.c, olpflln* weak at the lowest point. th»
decline being assisted by larger reoeipts In the
Northwest and disappointing export demand for
Cash wheat. May.' 79%@SO*4c. closed 79% c; Sep
tember S 74@74Vic, closed ' 74c; " December, 76»4@
TT%c closed "6=ic. ■
HOPS— DuII; State common to choice, 1896
crop. Gc; 1597 crop, nominal; 1898 crop, 10®13c.
Pacific Coast, ISM crop, 4@6c; 1897 crop, nomi
nal; ISSS crop, 11^14c.
HIDES— Firm; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
ISM*® 19c.
WOOL— Firm; domestic fleece, 20<S25c.
METALS— The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40
and for copper $1S 50.
COFFEE— Options closed unchanged to 5
points lower. Sales, 13.200 bags, Including:
October, $1 15; December, ft 40; January, *4 45;
March $4 60; June, $4 75: July, $4 SO; August,
14 85. 'Spot coffee— Rio, dull and easy: No. 7
Invoice 5 7-I6c; No. 7 Jobbing, 5 15-16 c; mild,
quiet: Cordova, «%«i?'ll s ic.
SUGAR— quiet and barely steady; fair
refining 3 13-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test. 4 5-16 c;
molasses sugar. 3 15-16 c; refined, quiet ana
steady; No. 6-, 4>-ic; No. 7, 4 7-16 c; No. 8, We;
No 9" 4 5-16 c; Nc. 10, 4 3-16 C; No. 11, 4 l-16c;
No 12, 4c; No. 13, 4c; No: 14, 3 15-16 c; mold A,
5 7 -We; standard A, 4 15- 16 c; confectioners' A,
4 1.V16c; cut loaf, 5 9-lGc; crushed, 5 11-16 c;
powdered, 5%c; granulated, 5 3-16 c; cubes,
5 5-lSc
BUTTER — Receipts, 3629 packages. Quiet bnt
steady; Western creamery, 17@23c;. fine cream
ery 18^Q'22c: factory 13V»@15Uc.
EGGS— Receipts. 6652 packages. Steady; West
ern ungraded at mark, 13®17c.
California Dried Fruits. .
California dried fruits eteady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7%e:
prime wire tray, 7V4#BM;c; choice, B%<®9c;
fancy, SfgS^c.
■ PRUNES— 3y@S^c.
APRICOTS— Royal. : 12®14%c; Moorpark. 140
16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7%®9c (new).
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— Wheat showed ' heavi
ness at the start. Yesterday's sharp advance
here was followed by an advance of only %@^c
at Liverpool, while other foreign markets did
not show any greater Improvement. Buying
consequently on the failure of the most promi- j
nent bear house Thursday had apparently |
ceased, and although the market for a short
time exhibited some nervousness over the ru
mors of further failures, the reports Involved
only small firms, and the market was soon,
left to the Influence, of normal conditions. A '
tendency to realize on purchases made earlier
In the week gradually developed, and though
the pressure did not become heavy at any
time it was sufficient to gradually force
prices downward. The price finally got well
under put figures and buying against those
privileges caused a Vie reaction. Before the
close, however, the market had again dropped
back into dullness and prices slowly declined
to their former level. Almost nothing was done
In September. There was no demand for that
option and a few selling orders were suffi
cient to cause a decline of me. Primary re
ceipts were heavy and the cash demand poor,
which Increased the heaviness of the specula
tive market. December opened Vio lower at j
72%i??72%c. It declined to 72%0 and closed at j
72%@724e.
Corn was firm for September, but -weak for
deferred futures and dull for everything. De- j
cember closed Ho lower.
Oats were quiet and rather easy. December
4c low^r. .
Provisions were dull, but steady, pork lead
ing Early there was a tendency toward lower
prices but the sharp advance of meats at Liv
erpool' and some covering by outside sellers
sent them higher. At the close January pork
was 2%65c higher. October lard showed 10c j
advance. January lard closed unchanged and j
ribs 24®Ec higher.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
September 0 73% 73% 73% TSJ4
December 72% 72% 72% 724
May 'Wtt 754 74T% 7»
Eept£nbe^ .*.. m 34% 344 MS '
December 30V4 30% 29% 29T4
May 30% 304 80% So>
September"' ZZ 22%. 22% 22% 22%
December 22% 22% 22% 22%
May 23% 24 23% 23%
Me«s Pork, per barrel-
October ............ 8 07V4 820 8 03. 8 12%
December 820 8 324 820 8 22%
January 9 70 9 75 9 70 9 75
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October •••• 02%
December 5 42% 5 42% 540 640
January * Mtf 5 62% 5 62% 5 62%
Short Ribs, : per 100 pounds—
October 612% 617% 612% 517%
January 6 07% 610 505 510
Cash quotations were- as follows: Flour,
firm- winter patents, $3 50@3 60: straights, $3 10
©3 35; spring specials, -$4 1004 20; spring pat
ents, $3 40<?3 70; straights, $3<g:3 20: bakers ,
12 20 &Z 60; No. 3 spring: wheat 65{?690: No. I
red 72% - No. 2 corn. 34'ii 31%c; No. 2 oats,
♦2-VS234c: No. 2 white, 25%0 f.' o. b.: No. 3
white, 24V 4 (Tj2r,c; No. 2 rye, 56%@57Vic; No. 2
barley, 41'&45c: No. 1 ftaxseed. $1 12; prime
timothy peed, $2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $8 15
©8 20: 'lard, per 100 pounds. $5 174155 32%; short
ribs sides (loose). $5 05?! 5 40; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), $6@6 12%; short clear sides
(boxed) 55 Zo<3»6 65: whisky, distillers' finished
goods per gallon, $1 22; sugars, cut loaf, 6.830;
granulated. 6.31 c. -
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16,000 K.OOO
Wheat, bushels 127.000 . 6,000
Corn, bushels 693.000 , 34-1,000
Oata bushels 369.C00 290,000
Rye," bushels 9.000
I Barley, bushels 65.000 13,000
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 16522% c: dairy,
13Q18C. Cheese, steady, iO%@ll%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 18c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL..
Wheat— Sept. Dee. Mar.
Opening ....5 10% 6 6% 6 l"- 4
Closing 5 10% 6 0% 6 2
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apr.
Opening: .....19 35 20 35
Closing 19 35 20 35
Flour —
Opening: „- 25 75 26 83
Closing 24 75 , 26 85
London Wool Sales.
IiONDOX, Sept. There was a good at
,l tendance at to-day's session of the wool auc
i tion sale-,. The offerings numbered 12,000 bales,
1 principally scoured merinos. Yorkshire was the
' best buyer, with the Continent also a liberal
purchaser. Russia secured suitable parcels of
. merino. A lot of Geelong and Taemanian flocks
■ wens taken principally by home trade. Cross
bred» were in much smaller supply than usual.
) The high . level of prices continued to rule,
though coarser scoured slips were irregular.
' Fine greaslts showed a hardening: tendency and
I good scoured were dear. American representa
i tives were paper bidders for good scoured and
: took a fair quantity at fair prices. Sixty thou
' stand bales were sold during the week. Next
i week's offerings will amount to 76,700 bales.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. CATTLE— OnIy, about
200 head of cattle were received to-day and
these were mostly ordinary grades. The market
'• In consequence wan practically nominal. The
few sales made were at unchanged prices.
HOGS— Ruled about 2V£®se higher. Heavy
hogs, 14 2504 75; mixed lots. $4 40(fj)4 77*4; light,
J4 |i 94 80; piss. $3 SWS>4 75; culls, &M 10.
SHEEP— There was a fairly active demand
for the limited offerings of sheep and lambs
at the recent decline In prices. Sheep, $4 50 for
prime yearlings. $3 50<fj3 .5 for ■Western rangers,
common lots, $2 60@4 75: lambs, « 50(^5 75 for
natives and $4 6006 35 for Western rangers.
Receipts— Cattle, 200; ljoga, 13,000; sheep. 400.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Sept. 23.— Clearings, $217,080;
balances, $4«,796.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TATOMA, Sept. 23.— I'rlces In wheat show no
690*00; Valley, 60g<61c; Bluestem, 61@«20.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 23.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
50@60c; Valley, 60@61c; Bluestem, 61@C2c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Sept. 23.— Consols, 104 9-16 d. Silver,
27 l-16d. French Rentes, lOOf TTVaC. Wheat car
goes off coast, firm but not active; cargoes on
passage quiet. , *•
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 23.*-Wheat. firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s Hid; wheat In Paris,
quiet: flour In Paris, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 U-160.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. I California, 6s
iy.dtj'6ll 2d; No. 2 red Western winter, 5s 10d-
No. 1 Northern spring, 8s 2Vid. Futures— Firm.
Os 10* id; December, 6s %&; March, 6s 2d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new- and
old, Is 7d; futures, firm; September, 8s 7d; Oc
tober. 2s 7d: November, 8s $%&.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm; 7* Bd.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Btorilnjr Bxehftnca> sixty dan.,,, - MM-
Sterling Exchange, sight — * £7
Sterling Cables — ■ 4 ?»u.
New York Exchange, sight.. — }?^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — *
Mexican Dollars « 48-.*
Fine Silver, per ounce — £>s '*
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— market was tame everywhere
yesterday, though the foreign cables came
through higher. Chicago reported things dull,
with St. Louis selling freely, and a further
break expected by the pit. There was no crop
news.
The local market was listless, with decline
In futures. ,
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 02%@l 05; milling,
$1 07%@l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock—December
-4000 ctls. »1 10%; 2000, 10%; 88,000', $1104-
May— 2ooo, $1 16%: 2000, $1 16%.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls. $1 10%.
May— 4ooo. $1 16%.
Regular Morning- Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 10%.
BARLEY— Springburn takes for London
19,207 ctls, valued at $20,200.
Futures continue to advance, and the spot
market Is likewise firm, with an improving de
mand. Large sales in the country are reported.
The circular of George Morrow & Co. says:
"Offerings of all kinds of Barley have been
quite free during the week, and the market,
until yesterday, was decidedly against sellers.
Exporters apparently have all the Barley- they
desire, and their ld<"»« as to values are consid
erably below those of holders. Chevai.er Is not
In demand at all. In fact. It Is hard work to
pet shippers to even look at samples' of Cheva
lier. Of course, the question of available ton
nage again enters largely as a factor in the
Barley market. Europe wants our heavy bright
common Barley, but shippers cannot accomo
date them for lack of ships."
Feed, 75@S5c; Brewing,- 90®950; Chevalier. $1
@$1 12% . per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— '98, new— 4ooo ctls,
84% c; 2000, Sac: 2000. bo' s c.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2ooo
ctls. S6%c: 2000, 86c; 2000. Ss%c.
OATS— The firm feeling was more pronounced
yesterday and quotations advanced somewhat.
The upward movement In wheat and barley is
helping this cereal. White, $1 05«fl 20; Red,
$1 05@l 12%; Black 92%c<35l 02%.
CORN— The market continues dull, owing to
the cheapness of Barley. Prices have not
changed for some time. Eastern large Yel
low, $1 05; White and mixed, $1 02©l 05 per ctl.
RYE— per ctl. There Is a good in
terior demand, with free Bales for San Jose
and Mar}' Evil
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOtrß— California family extras, $3 6Cg>3 75,
usual term*; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 30; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40^3 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $S 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 253:3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, {2 7r.: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 DO; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats $» T6; Hominy, $3 25-5 3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, J4'g'4 25; Cracked Wheat, 53 7n;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, J3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), J6 Es©6 95: in sacks, $6 35<&6 75,
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There were heavy receipts of 1734 tons of
Hay, most of It by water, but the market was
steady.
Rolled Barley Is firm. In sympathy with the
raw product.
BRAN- $15 SOffiH per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50018 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S— RoIIed Barley. $17 50<?jlS p.er
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27<g2S; Jobbing,
$28 riO-529; Cocoanut Cake, $20^21; Corntneal,
$23 50^24 50: Cracked Corn, $24^25; Mixed Feed,
$16(216 50: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. Wai 60 for common to good
and $'"?M 25 for choice; Wh*>at and Oat. $6@
8 50; Oat, $6®B; Barley, $5©7; Island Barley,
$;i&'s 50; Alfalfa, $5 60iy7 per ton; Compressed.
$6 sO'g9.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull pending the arrival of
the new crop, which Is coming forward slowly.
Beeda Btand the same.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 65®1 75; Small White,
12 Wi'iZ 15; Large White, $1 60® 1 75; Pinks,
U 15Q3 26; Rpds. $4; Blac-keye. $3@3 25; But
ters nominal- Limas, $4 0694 15; Pea, $2 10®
I 18: Red Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
SFEDS— Brown Mustard. 2S<fT3c: Yellow Mus
tar.l 3 r -;f?4<'; Flax, $1 90^2 10; Canary Seed,
MiOSc per lb for California and S^c for East
ern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, Sc; "Hemp, 4@
4V,c'; Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Nllea. $1 25®1 50; Green, $1 65
@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sweet Potatoes are higher and Onions are
also firm.
Tomatoes still fill the market and are very
cheap. Corn was weaker again. Otherwise
there was nothing new.
POTATOES— River Reds, 60??«Sc: Early Rom,
40<g."5c; Burbanks. 4(Xg7oc per ct!; Salinas Bur
banks, 90c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, 75c@$l 23 for
Rivers and $1 .10 for Merced.
ONIONS— per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50®
75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Orpen Peas. r<f?2U.p per lb;
String Beans, 2c; Lima Beans. l^@2c; Cabbage.
OOliGOc- River Tomatoes. 15020 c: Alameda To
matoes', 15@30c: Egg Plant, 25@35c; Green Okra,
SQQSOc per box; Dried Okra. 12M.C per lb; Gar*
lie 2'S3c; Green Peppers, 2.'@33c for Chili and
25Q30c Der box tor Bell: Carrots. So@4oc per
sack- Bay Cucumbers, 255350; Pickles, $1 75
per ctl for No. 1 and 75c for No. 2; Rummer
Snuash 20@30c; Marrowfat Squash, SSrffS per
ton- Green Corn, 00@75c per sack; 75c@$l per
crate for Alameda and 75c for Berkeley.
Poultry aud Game.
Four cars of Eastern are announced for to
morrow. This is a pretty large starter for the
beginning of the week.
Game is exteremely scarce and firm.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@17c for Gob
blers and 16@17c for Hens: Young Turkeys,
19® 21c- Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, Jl 75
(S2- Ducks, $4®4 B0 for old and $4 BO^'6 for
.."',.. Hens $4(5" DO; young Roosters, $4©5 50;
old Rooster V.' J4M<i7s: Fryers. $3 50@4; Broiler*.
H2s®B 50 for large. *2 75®3 for small; Pigeons.
$1 2501 60 per dozen for old and *1 75#2 for
S( GAME— Doves, $125 per dozen; Grouse. ;
Saee Hens, ; Mountain Quail, $5; Hare,
$125; Rabbits, $1 &0 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Heavy receipts of Butter are expeotpd to
morrow. Prloes are unchanged. Cheesa stands
the same.
Eastern Eggs are selling off rapidly. whll»
local Ekrs are quiet at unchanged price*
BUTTBK—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 280, with some
specials at 26c; seconds, 23@24c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22'A@23c; good to choice, 21®
#c; Etore, nominal.
Pickled roll, 20<f?21c: firkin. 19@21c; cream
ery tub. 21©220 Per lb.
CHEESE-Cholce mild new, lie; old, 10
@10>>6c; Young America, IKSIHic; Eastern.
KGGS— Quoted at 215725 c for store and 27®30c
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 22wg25c for se
lected, 21@22c for No. 1 and 17<g20c lor seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes continue stiff, with llgrht re
ceipts, and even Mupcats sold op to $15. This
Is a great year for Wine Grapes. Table Grapes
still drag.
Melons bring the good prioaa without diffi
culty.
Berries are steady at the low prices. Cran
berries do not sell, being green.
There is no chanpe in Lemons and Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 354(ti0c per box for common and 75c
@$1 for (rood -to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries, J3©s per chest;
Strawberries, ?708 per chest for small and $1 75
OS for large berries; Raspberries, $2 75@4 per
chest; Huckleberries. &©Sc per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries. $S per bbl.
Grapes 3")©4oc per box for ' Sweet water, 25©
40c for Black, 25@50c for Muscat, 25@50c for
Tokay. Gf>@7sc for Seedless, 50@60c for Corni
chon and 35©40 c for Isabellas; crates sell lOfMSc
higher; Wine Grapes. $22 50@25 per ton for
Zinfandel and $18@20 for White.
Watermelons, $s<g2o per 100.
Cantaloupes, 75c#$l 25 per crate; Nutmegs,
35(ff50c per box.
Pears. Bartlett, $I@l so p«r box; Winter
Pears, 50c!&U per box.
Figs, 40(gS5c per box for double, layer* of
black and 3S«?yc for white.
Peaches, 20@76c per box.
Plums and Prunes, 35<£7oc per box and crate.
Quinces, 40<#60c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $2318 for com
mon and S3 sfi.f?4 60 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $7 60(p: California Limes, $1@125; Ba
nanas, Jl 60@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, »ii3>
250 per dozen. ' ■ ,
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Peaches rule firm at the improved prices.
Government orders for Apple* keep that fruit
steady, whereas otherwise It would be weak.
Prunes continue quiet. Pears are still firm at
the good prices. -
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
Backs, r.Vio for 40-60*8, 4^o for 60-80* *, S%®4 0 for
60-70's, i&tiLo for 70-SCb, B®BVle for 80-M'e and
2%sltc tor 00-100*: Aprlcou, 100110 for Royals,
14fll$c for Moon»rk* and 12®12H0 for Blen
helms; Peaches, 4%@5c for Standards, B>i@6c
for choice and 6H@7c for fancy; peeled Peaches,
10»?llc: Evaporated Apples, 6@6%c; Sun-dried.
4@sc per lb; Nectarines, 7'^@Sc per lb for
red and B©9c for white; Pears. s@7c for quar
ters and 7&is9c for halves: Black Flss, 3c;
white Figs, G@6Vsc: Plums, s&@6e for dark and
(@7Hc for bleached. '
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%e for three
crown. G%c for four crown. s@B%c for Seedless
Sultanas, 6@loc for bleached Thompson's Seed
less and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
Walnuts. s@Sq for hardshell, 10@l2c
for softshell: Chile "Valnuts, :l©l2c; Almonds.
10M,©ll%c for paper shell. S@Sc for soft and
4®sc for hard shell; Peanuts. s%.®t\e • for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts. Bi^S9c: Filberts. 11®
llM>c: Pecans, 7*4@Sc: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll»4c for bright and iOVic for
light amber; water white extracted. 7 1 40 1 7% c;
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 5%c per
lb. .
• BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
Baron and Lard are firm at the advance al
ready noted. Hams are selling fairly at the
old quotations. Barreled goods meet with a
fair demand for Government account.
CtTRED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for heavy.
9H®loe for light medium. llUc for light. ISc for
extra light and 13V4e for sugar-cured: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, ISfcc; California Hams. 13c;
Mess Reef. $11 p»r bbl; extra Mees, $12 SO; Fam
lly. $14: extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear.
$16 50; mess, $15-315 50: Smoked Beef, 12c per !t>.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6-iWic 'per lb for
compound and 7Hc for pure; half barrels, pare,
Sc; 10-lb tins, S\c; 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6Ti(37Hc p«r lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Dealers In Hides and Leather report a fine
active trade at stiff quotations. Wool and Hops
are quiet and unchanged.
HIDES AND SKlN'S— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lie; medium, lOHc; light, 10c; Cow
hides, 9H@loc; Stags. Gc; Salted Kip, 9c: Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip anl Veal. 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20® 3^o each; short
Wool, S.i'gfiOc each; medium. 70®90c: lon* Wool
90c:«$l 10 each; Horse Hides, sait, $2{?2 IB for
large and $1 23@1 50 for small; Colts, 25050 c
TAIXOW— No. 1 rendered, 4U^Sc per lb; No.
2, 4fj4M>c; refined, ; grease, 2'32\4c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9-g.llVjc
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains, 706 c; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7% ( 590: Northern free, 9@llc; do, de
fective. 7V-©lor per lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 11ig.130 per lb asked.
San Francisco Meat Market
Beef Is easy and Mutton is lower, though the
decline ts expected to bo merely temporary.
Veal, Pork and Lamb are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 6*4@7c
for Cows.
VTCAL- n»r lb. - - .
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c: Ewes, tfoe per lb.
LAMB— Spring. S'fl^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%95%C for small, s*;c for
medium and 5Hc for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5Uc; dressed Hogs, 7@BVio.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— There are still a few Bags selling,
though the season Is about over. Calcutta
Grain Bags,7^7Vic; "Wool Bags. 26@28c; Fruit
Bags, s*ic, 514 c and 6c for the three gTades
of white and 7S7'ic for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington. 57 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $3; Cumberland, $9 50 In bulk, and $10 75
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel, 5S per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5> g c; Pow
derf-il, b%c: Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated, 4* 9 c; Confectioners' A. 4v4c; California
A, — ; Magnolia A, 4Wc; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
(', 4'4c; barrels, l-16c mrre; half barrels,
more; boxes, *ie more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6"»r rer Hi.
CANNED GOODS— Shipment to London of
1130 cases Asparagus, R7.550 cases general gor.iis
and 86.160 cases Salmon.
WHITE LEAD, ETC. -Prices have again ad
vanced aJI around, as follows: White I>ad,
6%@7%e; Red Lead and Litharge, 6-y;<g7'.ic per
lb, according to size of lot.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 21.
Flour, qr i?ks 18.887 Sugar, ska 1.430
Parley, ctls 23. 4 SO ear., bbls . 4 »25
Wheat, ctls 6, 360 i Wool, bags 108
Oats, ctls 3,850 Hay, tons 1,731
Corn. East, ctls.. 600 Straw, tons 26
Kye, ctls .460 ' Hops, bales 101
Cheese, ctls 68; Pelts, bdls 220
Butter, ctls 170 : Hicles, No ... 459
Tallow, ctls 24.". JERKS', doz 6,430
Potatoes, sks 6.079 [Quicksilver, flsks. 100
Onions, ska 1,160 Leather, ■ rolls .... 157
Bran, ska 55 Wine, gals 31,200
OREGON.
Bran, ska „ 600 i
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business In securities, the ]
only noteworthy change being: an advance in
Giant Powder to $76 25.
There was nothing new in mining stocks. The !
telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30 this !
morning the water was 82 feet 8 Inches below j
the 1950-foot level station. No. 2 elevator has
been running continuously."
The Union Consolidated delinquent sale
takes place to-morrow.
The California Borax Company of San Ber
nardino County has levied an assessment of $2
per share, delinquent October 30.
The Marina Mariscano Gold Mining Company
of Shasta County has levied an assessment of
6 cents per share, delinquent October 24.
The Morning Star mine of Placer County paid
a dividend of $7200 on the loth.
The regular monthly dividend of the Home
stake Mining Company of 25c per share has
been declared for August, payable September
25; also an extra dividend of 25c, payable at
the same time. This dividend makes $7,828,750
paid out to date.
The stock of the Honakaa Sugar Plantation
Is to be listed on the Bond Exchange.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Sept. 28-12 m
Bid.Ask. I Bld "• , ,
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co if rV:
Is quar c0up.,112% - OG.I, & h J|« ft*
4s quar reg.... — — Ac Gas Imp! 65 -
Js quar new... - 131% Pa Ci L Co.. Pi? ~
is quar coup.. — — |6 FG& ra 'e= J«^
Miscellaneous— San Fran ?ii L
Cal-st cab 55.U7 - i Stockton rkV il* 3H
C C Wat 65... - 109 ! in"ranr^?" -
Deary-st RU. - 95 aSMoo^
li AL CO OS.. 99 = £? rBt S &* T-. - «...
Do gntd 65.. 99 - Lon P* 4 iMu**
Do Ist M ss. 114% - ] |avin*s K» n "v H M
NCN G R 75.H2 - G e? S* ? i«-7
NR of Cal 65.114 - h' 8 aV' ™„;
NR of Cal 63.115^116 Mut?fi*v m U6 °
NPU R R 68.106% - s% SI! H k - «jg -
OakTmn^U.lUV^ia. V^ ml *««&» $
Sac Xl G&RSs — — iU ak ,%, Ij &H.— "50
Sac El 0&R53 - - °* k , S ,. L &H- ~ &°
SF & N P 63.113 11SV6 P^ sld i° 18 _
SF & .TV's. 116 »CMiUni?^fr ■*•'««
B Ry of Cal 65.105% - l£ al tf°™ la , f ...150 165
Sl'of A 85.... — 111 J?, Dynamite... 85 —
PC Gs( 1912) '.121 1214 "it Con Co.. 75* 78%
s p C 65(1906).- 114% »*forit 2% —
iP C 65(1912). - 121%> #-? & c i->;- «* «4
PBr 6s. 125% - Haw C&S Co 96% —
H V Wat 65.... — 114% "V. teh SP Co 30% 30%
S V Wat -4b. .104 — Xi auea S Co.. - 29
B V W 4s(3dm)lolUWl«4 Makawell S C. 48% 49
Btktn Gas 6s;: - - gnomea S C... 39% —
Water Stocks- Pnauhau S Co. 37% 38
Contra Costa.. 72 78% Miscellaneous—
Mnrin County. 50 — ,A 1 Pac Assn... — US
Spring Valley. lol 101% Mer Ex \sf»n.. — 100
Gas and Electric- .Oceanic S Co.. 88% —
Central Gas Co — — Pae A V A.... 1% —
Cent L & P... 5% KM;. Pac C Bor Co.. — 142%
Equit G L Co. 4% 4% Par Paint Co. 8% -
Morning Session.
Board—
IBank of California 253 50
1 Bank of California 254 75
5 Giant Powder Con 7575
85 Giant Powder Con 76 00
25 Giant Powder Con;.. 75 2 5
CO Giant Powder Con, a 90 76 00
5 Giant Powder Con — 75 jou
$11,000 Los Angeles Railway 5s log 25
10 Makawell Sugar Co .....; 49 00
30 Market Street Railway, cash 6° 75
25 Mutual Electric Light....; 15 25
25 Mutual Electric Light 15 191,4
25 Oceanic S S Co 153 75 "
5 Oceanic S S Co 89 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co 39 50
10 Paauhau S P C 0...... 37 $2%
100 Paauhau S P Co. 37 75
20 Pacific Lighting 4150
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 65 50
25 Vlgorlt Powder 2 62%
. 20 Vigorit Powder 2 75
Street— • •
$23,000 S F & S J V bonds.. 116 25
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s (third mortgage) . 101 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
. . . BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
IS Giant Powder Con 75 35
, 20 Giant Powder C0n..........; ...75 371£.
10 Giant Powder Con -. 75 50
80 Equitable Gas * " 5
30 Hutchlnson S P Co 30 «j
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 30 62^
15 Oakland Gas 49 25
20 Onomea Sugar Co 39 75
10 Spring Valley Water ....101 50
Street- ' m ,
20 Spring Valley Water 101 62*4
MINING STOCKS.
Following: were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Horning' Session.
ISO Belcher 2S I 4W> Mexican 45
400 Best & Belcher 4311300 Potosi 54
800 Chollar 42100 Standard. S 10
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher .- 27 *00 Potosi 54
200 Belcher 26 W0 Potosi S3
100 Caledonia. 65 £00 Potosi 68
COO Chollar ... .. 41 200 Potosi .• 57
900 Chollar 42 200 Savage 30
600 Con Cal & Va,.l 65!400 Sierra Nevada.. 75
100 Crown Point ... 20 300 Standard 3 15
1 200 Mexican 45500 Union Con • 41
I 1050 Ophlr 1 10 BM> Utah 14
700 Overman 18:200 Yellow Jacket.. 28
£00 Overman 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Sept. 23-12 m,
Bid.Ask. , Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 07 Justice 0* 09
Alta 03 01 Kontuck 03 05
Andes 13 11 Lady Wash .... 01 03
Belcher ........ 25 2fijMexloan 45 46
Best & Belcher 44 . 45 [Occidental 24 25
Bullion 06 Ophlr 105 110
Caledonia 67 G9,Overman 20 21
Chollar 42 43jPotosl 56 57
Challenge 32 — Savage 30 ai
Confidence ..... 70 — 'Scorpion 03 —
Con Cul & Va-1 60 1 65 1 Peg Belcher ... — 05
Con Imperial... 01 02 i Sierra Nevada. 75 76
! Crown Point... 19 X 'silver Htll .... 02 03
Con New York. — 02 Standard 3 15 • —
I Eureka Con .. — 50 Syndicate — 07
; Exchequer 02 03' St Louis 07 —
I Could & Curry 25 "<< < Union Con .... 41 42
Hale & Norcrss 30 32 ! Utah 14 15
Julia — 02 ' Yellow Jacket.. 28 28
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during. the week:
Name of Stock. M. IT. W. T. IF. 9.
Alpha 05 04! 04 04 j 04 ....
Alta HI 04 04 ....I 05 08
Andes 13 13 14 13 14 13
Belcher 36 33 3S 30 29 26
Best & Belcher 63 1 51 BO 48 47 44
Bullion 07' 06 07 06 .... 05
Caledonia 67; 65 64 62 6S 67
Challenge 34 33 33 82 82 3*
Chollar 46 43 45 : 42 45 4$
Con Cal & Va 1 85 1 10 1 75 1 70 I 70 1 65
Confidence 72 72 71 TO 74 70
Crown Point 21 22 22 20 20 19
Gould & Curry 30 88 27 27 27 85
Hale & NorcroM *) 30 1 30 30 82 30
! Justice 03 09 08 08 09 OS
Mexican 50 48 48 48 4S 45
; Ophir ..«; 1 20 1 15 1 15 1 10 1 15 1 10
| Overman 13 11 11 17 19 20
Occidental 24 23 24 24 23 24
: Potosi 55 hi 54 . r>2 65 57
, Savage 32] 18 31 80 31 30
Standard 2 95 2 95 3 00 .... 3 10 3 15
Sierra Nevada 82' 77 78 77 77 75
Union 44 42 44! 42 44 43
Utah IS! 12! 14! 12 14 15
Tellow Jacket 23 27 JO 27 2S 29
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TT. 3. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
September 23, ISO 9.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. »., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN'S.
Lieutenant Commander. T T . B. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide*
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Publlyhed by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.
Sun rises 6:°0
Sun sets «:()3
Moon rises 9:24 p. m.
0 .Time! Time! Time| Time
a \. .... -) Ft. 1 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I ! Ft.
PHW LW HW IL Wj
24 .. 8:30 4.2 8:10 2.8 2:29 5.6 9:40- 0.1
95 ' . 4:4! 4.1 9:10 3.1 3:24 6.3110:46! 0.3
28 '. 6:05 4.1 10:23 3.2 4:26 5.0 11:50 0.4
27... 7:15 4.2 11:47.3.1 6:39 4.7
! " L W H W L W H W
I 2S ... 0:50 0.5 8:06 4.6 1:08 3.0 6:50 4.8
29 ... 1:39 0.6 8:65 4.9 2:05 2.8 7:55 4.6
! 30 ... 2:20 0.8 9:16 5.0 2:61 2.8 8:50 4.6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence ac to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements,
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. | Due.
Willamette .... Seattle — ............ Sep. 24
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay................. Sep. 24
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 24
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 24
R Adamson.... [Nanaimo Sep. 25
Aberdeen Portland ................ Sep. 2-5
Luella Tillamook -. ,.... Sep. 25
Crescent City... Crescent City............. Sep. 25
Santa Rosa San Diego -. (Sep. 25
Weeot* Humboldt-.-. Sep. 27
Mackinaw Tacoma _.. Sep. 27
Coos Bay Newport «. Sep. 27
Columbia Portland ii Sep. 27
Curacao Mexico Sep. 23
Samoa Humboldt.. -. Sep. 2^?
Corona ...'-..... San Diego Sep. 29
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 29
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep. 29
America Maru. China and Japan......... Sep. 30
San Bias Panama. .................. Sep. 89
Areata Coos Bay ~ Oct. 1
North Fork Humboldt...--..-.-.....- Oct. 1
Orizaba Newport Oct. 1
Czarina [Puget Sound Oct. 1
State of Cal.... Portland Oct. 3
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. j Pier.
! f .
-Samoa Humboldt Sep. 24. 10 am Pier 2
.Samoa (Humboldt (Sep. 24, 10 am|Pier 3
Point Arena Point Arena.. Sep. *>. 2 pm Pier 3
State Cal . . . Portland ; Sep. 25, 10 am , Pier 24
Orizaba .... Newport Sep. 25. 9 am Pier 11
A Blanchrd Coos Bay Sep. 26, 10 am Pier 13
Areata Coos Bay...... Sep. 26. 10 am I Pier 13
Newburg ...Grays Harbor Sep. 26, 5 pm Pier 8
Pomona ....Humboldt Sep. 26, 2 pm Pier 9
Luella Tillamook ! Sep. 26 Pier 3
North Fork. Humboldt 1 Sep. 26, 9 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa. San Diego [Sep. 27, 11 am Pier 11
Weeott Humboldt Sep. 28, 2 pm Pier 13
Colon [Panama ! Sep. 28, 12 m PMSS
Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd.'Sep. 28, 10 am Pier 9
Coptic China* Japan Sep. 29. 1 PMSS
Coos Bay... I Newport [Sep. 29, 9 am! Pier IX
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 80, 10 am Pier 24
Corona ! San Diego [Oct. 1, 11 ami Pier IX
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- . Saturday, September 23.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, 82 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, 48 hours from Coos Bay,
via Port Orford 40 hours.
Btmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. 41 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Whltesboro, Ol6en. 49 hours from. Port
Los AnKelt?s, bound to Whitesboro; put in to
land sick man.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher. 92 hours from
Nanaimo.
Ship Reaper, Young. 30 days from Kahulul.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson. 3 flay* from Eu
•nirn
Schr Dora Bluhm, Smith, 9 day« from Ta-
Schr James A Garfleld, Lewis, 6 days from
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Walton, 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 16 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Monterey. Knudsen, 72 hours from Coos
Bay.
Schr Gotama, Johannissen, 4 days from Coos
Bay.
Scjir Five Brothers, Jensen, 86 hours from
Blhlers Point. CLEARED
CLEARED.
Saturday, September 23.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, Tacoma; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Carmarthenshire, Burch, Hongkong,
via San Diego; California and Oriental Steam
shin Co.
Brig W G Irwin. William*, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Continued on Page Eighteen.
1920
FRATERNAL NEWS.
Order of the Amaranth.
Crescent Court No. 3 of the Order of
the Amaranth, of which Frank B. Ladd
Ib royal patron, and Mrs. M. L. Malßjen
Is royal matron, has moved to Elks Hall
in the Central block, 223 Sutler street
and held its llrst meeting there on the
11th lnst., when the beautiful work of
the order was performed in a most ac
ceptable manner. Five applications were
received and seven previously received
, were acted upon, th© applicants being all
° To-morrow night tho court will i give a
literary entertainment and social in us
new hall, and as it will be an open meet
ing the friends of the members havo been
invited. Talent of a hii;h order has been
• secured and an enjoyable evening is
assured.
Odd Fellowship.
Last Wednesday night Oriental En
campment admitted by initiation five
members of the Idaho Regiment of Volun
teers, who were anxious to take the de
srreo before returning to their respective
homes.
On last Tuesday night there was a
Brand time In the hall of Unity Lodge
In the Mission district. There was a re
ception to E. H. Black. P. G. P., who
lust returned from Kotzebue Sound, and
the celebration by W. H. Barnes, P. G.
%1., one- of its members, of the anni
versary of his birth and of joining the
order. There were addresses by these
two. by Robert Burns, G. \V. Lewis and
others, and then there was a banquet.
51 r. Black gave an interesting and In
structive account of his visit to the
pound.
The Veteran Odd Fellows will visit
IFarusworth Lodge on the 27th inst.
; Grand Patriarch Harris and a number
cf others paid a visit to the encampment
In San Jose last Tuesday, when the patri
archal degree was conferred.
The Rebekahs.
On the night of Thursday. October 5,
ißebekah Drill Corps No. 2 of this city will
pive a grand military drill in Odd Fellows'
.Assembly HalL On the same night there
»ill be an entertainment and then a dance.
Last Wednesday night Oriental Rebekah
ILodgo gave a "poverty party" in its hall in
•the Odd Fellows' building. The make-up
k>i the ladles of the lodge was "a sight to
(behold," for if ever there was a "poverty
stricken crowd" they composed it. It
seemed as if the ragbag of every house
■bold had been ransacked for the very
V?orst that could be found to make up at
ftire. Every one who passed the door in
itittire that was an indication of affluence
In the slightest degree was lined a nomi
nal sum. Still every was happy. The
Programme for the evening Included a
long by five little girls lust from school;
Vocal solo, Margaret McDonald; recita
tion Miss Lillle Webb; humorous recita
lon. Miss Beckley. Then followed a pro
gramme of dancing and a collation. The
committee that was in charge was: Miss
Amy Webb. N. G.j Mrs. Lena Jarvis, P.
ss". G.: Mrs. Brackett, Allie Parker and
Mrs. Ewinff. Mrs. I^ena Jarvis, "the
■pirit of th« lodge," had imposed on her
the collection of fines.
, A dispatch was received from the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge last Thursday an
nouncing that it had adopted the recom
mendation of the California Assembly
that mothers, sisters and daughters of
Odd Fellows, though not married to Odd
Fellows, may bo admitted into the order
iof Rebekahs. _____
Native Sons.
Last Friday Grand Organizer J. A.
Cteinbach was in St. Helena, where he re
organized St. Helena Parlor.
nd President Mattison has been
making visits in the northern part of the
. the 19th he visited Ferndaie
Parlor No. i>i in Ferndaie; 20th, Golden
Star Parlor No. SS at Alton; 21st, Arcata
Parlor No, X at Arcata; 22d, • 'nmmodore
£ mat Parlor No. 197 at Blue Lake, and on
ett Parlor No. 156 at Cres
cent City, lift will return to his home in
Panta I'ruz, via Grants Piiss, or., on the
n?t.
The parlor in Watsonviile has secured
the wholfj upper floor of Green's block in
ith.at place as headquarters, which Is
ppoken of by Lhe local press as "a model
of a fraternal meeting place."
Our Native Daughters,
Tho members of La Estrella Parlor No.
89 had an "at home"' for members only on
the night of the 10th inst., and the many
who were present had a pleasant time, all
to themselves. This parlor will give a
party on Halloween and a com
fnittee •will be appointed to arrange all
the details. The young ladies of this
•parlor who carried its emblematic star
Et Santa Cruz in the Admission day pa-
Jade presented a very pretty picture and
ftheir appearance was highly commended
l>y all the onlookers. La Estrella has
tnany handsome girls in its ranks and
when ft places them in the forefront, as
was done in the city by the sea, they al
<ways attract attention.
Last Monday nluht Darina Parlor No.
514 ha-d a large and enthusiastic meeting
4n Franklin Hall, there being present
inar.y of the members and visitors from
local parlors. Eight native daughters
•were- admitted by initiation and several
names proposed for membership were re-
Jorred to appropriate committees. After
the einxing of the closing ode there was
«n adjournment to the commodious
Vanquet hall In the building where all en
joyed a fins collation prepared In honor
of Mrs. J. A. Steinbach, the district
deputy and organizer of the new parlor.
There were a number of congratulatory
ppeeches and the guest of the evening,
rwho is an ardent worker In behalf of the
icrdef of Native Daughters, was lauded
" THE CREDIT HO USE*!
She Stories High
Metal Beds, white enam-!
elled; a graceful combina-!
tton of strength and san-!
itary excellence. Brass!
trimmings. Single, three-!
fourths, and double ; smal 1 !
enough for any one; large!
enough for any two $ 2,90 \
Fifty styles of metal beds. Bent,|
twisted, polished and oxidized brass.
Nickel, bronze, and artistic combina-
tions of metals in these beds for
beauty and heakh, up to $125.
MersersHk Portiere; a new and beau- \
tiful fabric with a rich, full silk effect. 1
Raised, ortentai design, in many artis-J
tic shades, two-sided, large size, heavy \
tassels and fringe, $10.00.
A new stock of " Rope " Portiere In
many rich shades and harmonious col-
ors. Full size, large, long tassels, and
artistically draped with true oriental
effect; as iow as $3.00.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
> Floor Oilcloth in many designs and
colors. Cleanliness, health, and econ-
omy in floor covering. Bring your
measurements — any sized room ; 15c,
a yard.
Let us estimate on a carpet for your
new home or to replace the old one — 1
and sew It on our Electric Carpet Sew- 1
ing Machine — the only one in this half \
of the United States.
l-ree delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley I
M FRIEDMAN & CO., \
233 to 237 Post St. *
1 Open evenings Near Stockton 1
for her efforts In bringing together the
ladies who compose Darina parlor.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Last Monday night Past Grand Master
Workman W. H. Barnes delivered an ad
dross before a larga audience in the
Opera-house at an open meeting held j
under the auspices of the local lodge. The
speaker wus accompanied on the visit by i
Deputy Hubinson of Gilroy and Deputy ;
Calvert.
T^-morrow night Oak Leaf Lodge of
Oakland will holdj an open meeting in j
Onkland and an unusually fine pro- !
gramme will be presented.
Lust Tuesday night Alta Lodge had an j
open meeting for members and a select j
number of their gentlemen friends in !
Mangels Hall. Sam Booth, the grand re- j
i' elver, sang some of his original songs \
and Walter Mallov of the finance com- i
mittee of the Grand Lodge gave one of his
admirable recitations. There were ad- I
dresses by a number of those present and
then there was a banquet, that was par
taken of by about 100.
Samples of the diamond and gold badges
costing $40 each, offered to any volunteer
member who without cost to the order
will bring in twenty members, have been
sent to the deputies in the Interior to show i
to the various lodges. The badges are
called "Jewels of honor," and are worth
competing for.
Eureka Valley Lodge will give an lnvi- i
tational literary and social entertain- j
ment, to conclude with a dance, in its ;
hßll at Seventeenth and Noe streets on
the night of the 14th of October.
Knights of Pythias.
Owfnp to the lateness of the season the |
projected encampment of the First Regl- j
ment of the Uniform Rank has beenaban- j
doned.
Captain George W. Monteith of Golden
Gate Company No. 3 has been granted
leave of absence, with permission to go |
outside of the brigade limits. During? a j
period of Bix weeks he will visit .a number j
of the prominent cities of the East. Dur
ing his absence First Lieutenant Webber
will be in command.
Maywood Lodgt_-, recently instituted at
Coming by W. A. Fish of Red i>iUit, has ■
R. R. SlcMullen for chancellor and C. F. |
ilellin fur keeper of records and seal.
George D. Prentice of French Gulch, |
assisted by members of Nouva Lodge of |
Redding and of Fremont Lodge of French |
Gulch, instituted a new lodge at Harrison :
Gulch, Shasta County, last Friday.
The American Guild.
Next Friday night a new chapter of tho j
American Guild will be instituted in !
Berkeley, it having been organized by
Deputy W. D. Worster, who has secured ,
a list* of twenty-live charter members,
and before the ni^ht of institution he «sx- '
pects to add to that number. At a meet- ;
ing of San Francisco Chapter of this city :
an invitation to attend the institution of
the new council was accepted and a num
ber of the members will be present. Su
preme Governor R. W. McGarvie will be
the instituting officer.
Fraternal Eagles.
San Francisco Arie of the Fraternal
Eagles Is still growing, it adding to Its
membership by Initiation at every meet- j
ing. There are 047 names on the roll.
J. F. Cheetham has been commissioned j
a district deputy grand president with j
authority to Institute new branches of the |
order in various parts of the State.
The committee of arrangements is busy i
making preparations lor the grand [
masquerade ball to be given under the
auspices of the order on Thanksgiving ;
night.
The National Union.
The cabinet will visit California Council
on the night of the 3d of October, and on ;
that night California will have a fine pro- ;
gramme of entertainment.
Pacific Council has changed Its head
quarters to Portola Hall in the Native
Sons' building, and it will meet there on :
the second Friday nf each month.
Berkeley Council will have an anniver
sary celebration on the first Monday in '
October.
A proposition is to be laid before all th«
local councils to the effect that each mem
ber of the order who shall during a stated |
period introduce and have a candidate mi- •
tiatcd shall be Invited to a grand first !
cla^s banquet to be given some time in j
January next.
Improved Order of Red Men.
On the night of the 28th inst. a high
grade minstrel entertainment will be j
given by Althomas Tribe of this city.
Grand Junior Sagamore Holder and
Senior Sagamore Northrup of the tribe
are very active in arranging this enter- .
tainment. Last Friday the team of this
tribe visited Monad nock Tribe and con
ferred the warrior's degree on a number
of candidates.
Last week a number of innocent Red
Men followed the trail that leads to the
wigwam of White Eagle Tribe, and with
the members of the tribe wont to the i
wigwam Qf Awashtee Tribe, where, under i
the direction of Past Sachem Housman, I
they were Introduced to the mysteries :
of the haymaker's degree.
Lee Ross of Cochise Tribe of Bisbeo, :
Arizona, was a visitor at the office of the >
gre*t chief of records last week.
The first number of the Insignia under ;
the new management has made its ap
pearance. It is neatly arranged and full
of news of Interest to the membership. |
It Is Illustrated with many photos of
prominent members of the order. The j
new editor, Past Grand Sachem Josselyn,
who is well versed in the work of the
order, promises to make a very interest- '
ing paper of the official organ.
The Druids.
The official visit of Noble Grand Arch
Martlnonl and Grand Secretary Graves to
Volta Lodge, upon which they were ac
companied by P. Cavagnaro, P. N. G. A.,
Past Aarches John F. Rossi, G. B. Cor
dano, J. M. leardo, James Hagan, J. M.
Wolff, Vice Arch L. A. Wolff of Laurel
Grove and members of a number of the
groves, was an instructive and pleasant
one, for the work of the initiation of
two candidates was exemplified In a most
satisfactory manner to the visiting offi
cials, the several charges being delivered
free from errur and without book, and
then there was a banquet at a restau
rant, where there were a number of in
teresting addres6es by the grand officers
and others. This grove has been making
excellent progress, having initiated nine
teen members during the current term.
On the night of the sth Perseverance
Grove welcomed home from Manila Leon
Panchon, ona of its members, and had
work in the Initiatory and second de
grees.
Magnolia, the new grove in Los Ange
les, reports active work in the initiatory
degree at every meeting.
Jackson Grove has added twenty-two
to its membership during the past two
months.
Companions of the Forest.
Last Monday night Loyal Circle had
one initiation and received three applica
tions, and after the close of the busi
ness of the evening there was an open
house for the benefit of the friends of the
circle, who enjoyed a dance, the first in
the new headquarters of the circle, which
had been arranged by Miss Kate Mori
arlty, Mrs. Sarah Beverson, Mrs. M. Bos
trom, Mrs. Pritchard, Mrs. F. N. Mor
row and G. W. Corwin. There was a
good programme of dancoa and an enjoy
able time was had.
On the night of the 20th inst. Sherwood
Circle received a fraternal visit from Cal
ifornia and Eureka circles, and the meet
ing was a very enthusiastic one. There
were many prominent members of the or
der present, including Mrs. M. E. Fal
coner, S. G. C. C, and Miss Daisie Fal
coner, chief companion of Washington
Circle. At the close of the meeting the
doors were thrown open and the mem
bers of Court Shr-.rwood Forest and Court
Star *»f the Mission were admitted. Then
there was an evening of dancing. Re
freshments were served.
Ancient Order Foresters.
On the 27th inst. there will be a Joint
meeting of the local courts in Unic-n
--square Hall under the auspices of the 1900
Club.
The previously announced anniversary
celebration by Court Eureka has been
postponed until the year iftoo, when the
court will celebrate its silver anniversary.
Last Wednesday night Court Bohemian
tendered a reception to W. H. Mahar, on*
of Its members. In the Foresters' building,
and there were many present, Including
lady and gentlemen friends of the mem
bers During the evening John Falconer,
permanent secretary, on behalf of the
court presented to the guest of honor a
fino walking caae In appreciation of s«r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1899.
HALE BROS.
opening of fall, tailored gowns, cloaks and wraps
t i-rwrr-u^^TTrr^TZ^ortedl I LADIES AUTOMOBILE JACKET— fIne /F*^^\) LADIES' FANCY JACKET— fine import- ■^^^■fc
S££3*.sr M s£*s,ft />^^fe^i L > ™?v.^'-.. r . ....:■..?.'?«..*> mil'W^ Bffi- "■*■ '^* *■■ .'^."♦ssai fmimmßkM
Bilk apullnua. stitched and f ■ irfZ^Wffi M* 7. SPANISH TURBAN— in latest shades of |^tW^''iV P l,™ t^t> k T>Ti<r. TfRI3A\ Boft XJjr^^^^r^,^^
ertged with braid; aklrt hae I _.'^-3S**li&ir^l hei K e. large rosette in shades of phedre, X^^Bi^Jf BEAVER DRAPED TLRBAV-BOft J^/^M^kU^^
H=£'H,ra W^SBS? —-— *— mm \ bb-e^b^bb cn#w
taffeta silk applique, stitched '^^cf^^Y • ' ""///I PiM >C7^l ** 7*s\
ornament, forming a most / VX^TXA'^JI /J Jw. / l\ \ I S J ® {^^^^-^ f) I I rOy Ly / (•^^Vfio/V * itS^V
//// V \V / / n^T^ y mirl1 pt of the Am?ric« / M. li This is to be ribbon week at Hale's; two great events
I / I \ \ vv. *^^ / navy Is welcomed home again, '/ *-) m 11 i r n *-Ac monnforfur
, / I \ \v«««»--«^ / we shall present all our friends / /?i,V> 11 orp nmOTammPfi" One Sale OT X I 000 VarQS manUIaCLUr"
/ / 1 \\ y a drinking glass, handsomely / f.Vi| 11 "' cF 1 ugiaiiiiucu , «'"-> ->v> 3 , . j i xv *v
/I A \ \^_^-^\ aifmVlrinkWis""^^ 1 /' ■ /*« \ \ ers' loom ends at less than the cost to make, Ihe other
' // 1\ \ \ I 4ii_-—^y W U is the first showing of our
SJ^^Sx 01-m**— p^^S white organdies first quality ribbon.
\v^X\vv»l VS*^--—-^>sv^l \ D^-.*.;^ I J r»»-i>1 Mrtt I ;VAi-l/ we haVe some that will particu- ox x
/>Krf NnsA V —^A, \ Fans, London and INew York iany interest .the iadie ? who win n a- first event
I>i>\r3 1 / WiA 1 fijLV S^ys \ y ' tend the Odd Fellows' golden ,lubi-
i ' \\** I \VIA i ///fs. s/\r \ , .i :"",■-; ' ,i»ii ; i i :^-- it>f it ia a fino whitp nrnii'iip 34 in rluDon loom ends these loom enao
A SnM\ \ U^ contribute their best patterns a££^a»jpffl;ss a.-sr rt th w£s t .jss's
VIA \\WA \ \ wl a 1 M.l- ■■•-' • «we have also a white, organdie 48 looms; they are of exactly he same
T>\ VkV^ \ \ V-y\ tO m^KP th ODPninO" PXCPD- wide at •• 35C y^ quality as the regular ribbon, and
f\ \\\/ \ \ —^ ' LKJ lliar\v. LIIIO W^v-lllll^ V^^V^^p heavier quality ....» worth just as much, only they are
\ x x V \ Bin " ~t^ —^s j* ' r •>- £ a.' 1 £ £,-.11 —4. I^.^ 50c and 7oc yard from 5 yards to 9 yards to a piece in-
\ \\\ \ \^y\ tlOnal; a teStlVal OT tall StyleS, "* ' J J stead of the full 10 yards. The man-
\ >^l\\>v ' ' £^\>^^^'\-' J nlanlratc ann rlnmfiQtlP«: ufacturer cannot sell them to the
y^^S^^^^^ \ \ / xw U~,-~ OP fJcfi/< co r^-f -fo KnV onrl OianKeiS <inu UOmtJbUOS» ■ regular trade, so he Is glad to dia-
r^f^>JS>v _>5n where artistic use 01 Tauric ana Hale , 8 bab blanket3> made extra pose of them & t about a mv. *™
1 yr^s\ fV _^r fv^t^Ls j§ i 1 i 1 r J s ' ze in white; all wool; silk bound, ,nw a-™* stnr(l t<mlfl v
\j^k j^ — v^y color make a melody of dress. with pin n^ blue bor s er: «ann SoM^ot d JS!!S&.h«iTy Q ™d.
J 86x48.. Jp^«.00 42x06..5p0.00 jty satin and erros errain ribbon: also
lace curtain sale
every fall we clean out the sam-
ples in our curtain department be-
fore they become soiled by too much
handling; this gives you an oppor-
tunity to buy good lace curtains at a
very substantial saving from the
regular price; there are about 350
pairs and half-pairs In ecru and
white, 2\z yards long; there is a great
variety of patterns and a range of
prices; the. early comers will have
first selection — sale commences to-
morrow morning at 8 o'clock sharp.
we also offer this week 93 pairs of
white point d'esprit curtains with
neat tamboured edge; a dainty cur-
tain for dining-rooms and bed-
rooms; they are 50 inches wide and
3H yards long, in three grades; our
regular $3.75 grade reduced to J?M;
our regular %'■> grade reduced to $4;
our regular $6 grade reduced to $5
a «pair.
$1.00 gloves for 89c
about 35 dozen ladies' two-clasp
pique walking gloves, In tan, gray,
mode, brown and white; regular $1
gloves; worth it; we wish to close
out the line, so place them on sale
Monday until sold at S9c pair
woolen underwear
660 natural gray woolen under-
shirts for children; it is a good,
heavy quality, soft material, with all
Improvements; has flat covered
seams, ribbed skirt, pearl buttons,
silk bound neck and front; guaran-
teed half wool and unshrinkable;
sizes are complete in the shirts, but
we have no pants to match, so to
close out the entire lot we make the
following prices:
no. 18 — 2 year size 14c
no. 20 — 3 and 4 year size 1 f)c
-5 and 6 year size 24c
no. 24 — 7 and 8 year size 20c
no. 26 — 9 and 10 year size Jt4c
no. 2S— ll and 12 year size...3l)c
no. 30 — 13 year size 44c
no. 32 — 14 year size 4f)c
no. 34 — 15 year size 54c
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
vices. There was an excellent pro*
gramme, dancing and a banquet.
Legion of Honor.
The reports presented to the Supreme
Council of the American Legion of Honor
show that during the past two years the
order had presented to It 1387 orders for
death claims, amounting In the aggregate
to $3,416,500, and that the same were paid.
The total amount paid by this order in
death claims is $38,137,176.
There are at this time thirty-four lodges
in the jurisdiction of California, and re
ports from those show that they are hold-
Ing their own.
Sentinels of the Universe.
Jefferson Council is reported as doing:
exceedingly well and that it Is receiving
new applications at every meeting. This
council has arranged for a trolley ride in
three cars on the night of the 30th inst.
Franklin and Wester councils are still
on the increase, the former having ii\j
thirty days increased its membership by
60 per cent.
H. M. Bellinger of Jefferson Council is
organizing a new council in Baden, and
it will be known as Garfield Council. New
councils are being organized in Alameda
and Wheatland.
The high jinks given Franklin Council
on the night of the 14th was a great suc
cess, there being a good attendance,
-which was welcomed in a pleasant man
ner by Supreme Sentinel John Lawrance
Geary Jr. The programme of songs, in
strumental music and wrestling bouts
and boxing matches, was an enjoyable
one. Refreshments and a collation were
served.
Washington and Webster councils gave
an enjoyable social in the Alcazar build
ing on the 15th inst., and as a result se
cured thirty-four applications.
Knights of the Maccabees.
At the lasi review of the San Francisco
Tent the degree team conferred the de
grees on a large class of strangers in a
manner that was so satisfactory that it
drew the applause of the onlookers sev
eral times during the evening.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
The ladles of San Francisco Hive have.
In conjunction with San Francisco Tent,
established headquarters at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion, and there explain all about
the order.
The local hives are making arrange
ments to tender a reception to Supreme
Lady Commander Holllster, who will ar
rive in this city in a few days. It will be
her first visit to this coast in three years.
Mrs. Eudocia S. Moffat, State officer of
California and deputy supreme comman
der of the west, has organized a second
new hive in Los Angeles. It will be known
as Lady Holllster Hive, Wo. 44. Lady
Emma Ash is the commander. There
will be a pleasant rivalry in that city
between the new hive and Queen Esther
Hive, instituted a short time since.
The entertainment that was recently
given by California Hive, the auxiliary of
Pacific Tent, in Native Sons' Hall, was
one of the most enjoyable functions that
has been given by a fraternal organiza
tion for many a day. There was a. good
Attendance, on excellent programme, the
principal numbers being vocal selections
by Mr. Preston, Anna Berg. Mm. Arthur
and Mr. Zambetta; recitation* by Mrs.
HALE BROS.
besides the three swell gowns pic-
tured above, which represent a long
line of recent importations, we in-
clude many very moderately priced:
36 blue mixed Venetian and gray
homespun suits; fly-front jacket,
silk lined; skirt well made and lined
with percaline $10.00
30 kersey Jackets in tan and cas-
tor; silk lined throughout; six-but-
ton front; finely tailored; regular
value $12; opening sale price.. $f). 45
24 fine electric collarettes, with
Btone marten, opossum trimming;
heavy brown satin lined; opening
Bale price $5.50
36 golf capes with hood; fringe
trimmings; come in Scotchy plaids
and assorted colors; opening sale
price $5.00
48 black cheviot separate skirts,
tailored; circular cut; trimmed with
three rows of Hercules braid; per-
caline lined; regular $5 value: open-
ing sale price $.'J.4.S
36 black kersey capes; 24 in. long;
full sweep; trimmed with satin
bands and six steel buckles; velvet
collar; regular value $3.75; opening
sale price $2.48
patterns of Paris hats
There's a window full of what we
can do for eight dollars. Swell dress
hats, after French models, 1n popu-
lar shades of tan, beige and pearl.
Materials used — fine French felt, ex-
cellent quality velvet, pastel buckles,
and plumes and breasts in the latest
shades and designs.
Here are four sample descriptions:
I o. I—Van1 — Van Dyke walking hat;
black silk velvet hat, trimmed in soft
breast effect, surmounted with para-
dise aigrette; large tucked rosettes
of taffeta; jet clasps fastening ro-
settes; velvet roses in pastel shades
on hair $S.OO
No. 2 — Short back sailor, made of
soft gray felt; copy of Virot sailor;
rim braided with white silk braid:
very stylishly trimmed with cray
and cream wings and beautiful erilt
buckle $S.OO
No. 3 — Spanish turban, tucked gray
velvet: very chic affair; trimmed
with gray gull gracefully poised on
side; fastened with ornament:
trimmed in the very latest design...
$s.oo
No. 4 — A very becoming hat of
black velvet, worn off the face:
trimmed with black ostrich plumes:
pretty face trimming on bandeau;
finished with Strass buckle $S.OO
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near Morning— "To Fulfill." Evening— "If Thou <
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins. Hadst Known." <
<
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near Mornlng-"Chrtst's Idea of the Cross " <
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near Morning-' 'Christ's Idea of the Cross." <
Twenty-third-Rev J. George Gibson. Evening— (_hirst Prayer for His Dis- <
,.« - ciples." . . <
. _— <
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones-E. Morning-'-What the Lord Needs." Even- <
First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones— E. M,orn-n.?— "w,nat *!]e_L°nJi „Needs*" Even- <
A. Woods, D.D. _^_ ___• ing— Walking With God. ■<
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and Morning-Sermon by on? of the Fathers at <
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender- 10:30 Mass. Evening— bermon and vespers. <
gast. V. G. ■ <
St Mary's, California and Dupont streets— Morning— Father McCourt will preach at 11 <
i'aullst Fathers ° clock mass. Evening— Father Wyman <■
will preach after vespers. *.'-:'<
— <
St Ignatius Van Ness avenue and Hayes Morning-Rev. Father Sard! will preach at <
St Ignatius Van Ness avenue and Hayes Morning-Rev. Father Sardl will preach at <
street-Jesuit Fathers. 10:30 mass. Evening— Rev. Father Woods <
....... will preach. .• : • <
— . <
St Francis Montgomery avenue and Val- Morning— Gentlemen's Sodality will receive <
St. Francis, Montgomery avenue and Val- Morning-Gentlemen's Sodality will' receive <
l'ejo street-Rev. T. Caraher. holy communion at 7:30 mass Evening- <
Father Caraher will preach after vespers. <•
— <
Cathedral of the Orthodox Church. Powell Morning-Rev Sebastian Dahovlch win <
Cathedral of the Orthodox Church, Powell Morning-Rev Sebastian Dabovich wi|| <
street, near Filbert— Rt. Rev. I. Tlkhon.' preach on the Immortality of the Soul." <
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh Morning-Service of song. Evening-Rev. <
avenue and Clement street— Philip Robert C. Johnson of the Minnesota Regi- <
Coombe. . ■ ment will preach. <
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near Morning— New Law, Its Novelty and <
Mission-Rev. William Rader. Measure.". Evening-"From Desert to <
Dungeon. <
__ _ <
Olivet Congregational Seventeenth and Noe Morning— "The Gospel of Action." Even- 4
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe Morning— "The Gospel of Action." Even-/
streets-Rev. H. T. Shepard. , ing-"Vacant Chairs." <
_____ i ■ — <\
First Congregational, Post and Mason Morning— Rev. E. H. Llbbey. Subject. <
First Congregational. Post and Mason Morning-Rev. E. H *i Llbbey. Subject, <i
streets— Rev. George C. Adams. "Formed. Deformed." Evening— "Life's <
Turning Point." _ ■ <
_____ , 2] 4
St Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay Morning— Holy communion at 8. Morning <
St Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay Morning— Holy communion at 8. Morning. <•
Btreet— D. Clalrborn Garrett, rector. prayer and sermon at 11. Evening— Even-. i
:. v, . • song, prayer and eermon at 7:45. <
Bethany. Bartlett street, near Twenty-fifth Morning— Rev. J. R. Broodell will tell the <
—Rev W C Pond story of the Anti-Saloon League. Even- <
ing— Sixth lecture on "Pilgrim's Progress" 4
. —"Vanity Fair.". <
_______ . • <
German Evangelical Emmanuel, corner Morning— "The Fruit of the Spirit." Even- <■
German Evangelical . Emmanuel, corner Morning— "The Fruit of the Spirit." Even- <:
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F. ing— "Jesus Finding Philip." ; <
W. Fischer. '• H - *<
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twen- Morning— Sermon by pastor., Evening— <
ty-slxth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward. Same. <
Grace '■ M. E,_ corner Twenty-first and Capp Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- <-■
, streets— J. N. Beard. . ing— Same. ...... <
— 1 «
California M E., corner California and Morning— "The Keynote of Victory." Even- <
California ME., corner California and Morning— "The Keynote of Victory." Even- .<•
Broderiek streets— Rev. A. C. Bane. • ing— "The Mission. of. the Church. <
'Central M. E. Mission street, near Sixth— Morning— Sermon by Rev. Robert Bentley, <
Rev. & D. Hutslnpiller. D.D. D.D. Evening-Same. <•
Simpson: Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu- Morning— "Prove Him." Evening— "Man's _
chanan streets— Rev. John : Stephens. Completeness. - <
! ! . : <i
Trinity M. E^ corner " Market, Sixteenth Morning— Evangelist Marshall will preach. <i
Trinity M E corner Market, Sixteenth Morning— Evangelist Marshall will preach, i
and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore H. Wood- Evening— Sermon by pastor. <
ward. *
Knell and George V. Lerol, and fancy
dancing ,by. Miss Berg. . The dance that
followed was enjoyed by all.
. Order of ' Pendo. . ... W;;
I*st Wednesday night Volunteer Coun
HALE BROS.
black silks
extra heavy black peau de sole,
with rich luster finish; comes in 20,
21 and 22 in. widths, and is the best
value we have ever been able to offer
at $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 yard
fashion's latest for tailored cos-
tumes is the extra heavy black satin
de lyon; same on both sides; extra
fine weave and finish; 22 in. wide..
$2.25 yard
dress goods
raised effects in crepons; big blis-
ters and smaller figures, as in the
pierola cloths, in black upon colored
grounds; they are extremely popu-
lar this fall; the range and variety
are large, commencing with very
small indistinct figures and cord
stripes and extending to the large,
" puffy blisters that distinguish the
U l l ra -fashionable.
mohair crepons in pretty black
figures on colored grounds give a
very rich effect; it is one of the lat-
est fall novelties; 42 in wide
$2.25 yard
mohair crepons in blister effects in
all the fall colors; a very swell nov-
elty; 42 in wide $2.00 yard
Venetian stripe; a satin-finished
cloth in blue and brown, green and
purple, with black double cord
stripe; 44 in. wide $1.50 yard
two-toned broche; a raised black
figure on colored grounds; comes In
all the new shades of purple, green
and blue; 44 in. wide.. ..$1.25 yard
striped pierola; an excellent fabric:
comes in all the popular colors; very
low in price; 38 in. wide 75c
knit union suits
misses' ribbed wool union suits;
natural gray color; silk crochet edge,
pearl buttons; new improved flat
seams; buttons across the shoulder;
contains enough cotton to prevent
shrinking; comes in sizes to fit ages
6 to 12 years; price $1.00 a suit
ladies' fall and winter combina-
tion suits; elastic ribbed; glove-fit-
ting; silk shell stitched front and
neck; new Improved fiat seams; but-
tons across the shoulder; sizes small,
medium, large and extra large:
heavy weight cotton fleeced..
45e suit
heavy weight half wool
$].OO suit
heavy weight two-thirds
wool $1.25 suit
cil, recently instituted, gave its first en
tertainment in the Albion Hall of the
Alcazar building to a large number of
members and visitors. The programme
included instrumental music by William
HALE BROS.
48x60.. $4.00
some extra fine baby blankets at..
$4.50 and $5.50 pair
white and gray cotton and wool
mixed blankets that have become
soiled by handling have been greatly
reduced to dispose of them; the soil-
ing does not hurt the quality of the
blanket; it is worth your while to
see them.
75 dozen unbleached sheets; fair
quality muslin; with 2-in. hem:
54x90. .32%c each 81x90.. 42&c each
90x90.. 45c each.
new table damask; bleached; all
linen; 72 in. wide; an elegant linen in
distinct and pretty designs
$1.00 yard
napkins to match, 24x24 In
$3.50 dozen
50 pieces roller toweling, all linen,
17 in. wide, regular 10c quality, on
Bale at Sc yard
40 pieces all-wool wrapper flannel,
25 in. wide, stripes and plaids, in
greens, browns and blues, only
; 25c yard
Kroeber's delft clocks
jjjjjPigL^ • these are clocks
,^£B!2yj~2gss^|=^ we can guarantee
\s*S&y&£% «\f- carried about with
/?yv?^s«si?f^|sj!|« the assurance that
(jStt&Cffh?: J -^l the pendulum will
!s,3kJsL^h^|f2l stay in its place;
i ** J *^pr readily regulated to
a nicety; come In
decorated cases In various tints.
8-day delft clock, with cathedral
gong; half-hour strike; a fancy dial
and handsomely decorated; 12 inches
high; a handsome mantel decoration
$10.75
8-day delft clock, with cathedral
gong; half-hour strike; comes In del- .
icate- shades of blue, with French
dial $S.OO
china clocks — 8-day, gong strike,
with fancy French decorations .......
,$5.00
handsome dining-room clock, with
alarm attachment; half -hour strike
.... $3.25
one-day alarm clocks; round mar- I
bleized metal case; guaranteed time I
and a1arm....... ..SI.OO j
"sun rise" nickel alarm clocks.. 90c I
$> Potrero M. . E., Tennessee street, near Morning— Sermon by pastor. Evening— #
<*> Solano— Rev. S. M. Woodward. Same. :?•:'•>
<$> _ _- _- _ — <_>
<§> Howard M. E.. between Second and Third— Morning— to the Pioneers: "The <?>
<_> Rev. John A. B. Wilson. Record Made." Evening— Sermon by <$>
«^ /■->■.--■«.'.-. .-.'■■-: pastor. •:~'<?
<_> — . . . : <_>
<_> First M. E., Powell street, near Washing- Morning— Sermon by pastor. Evening— <s>
<$> ton— Rev. W. S. Urmy. Same. ❖
<j> — . <_>
<$> Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third and Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <•>
<*> Capp streets— Rev. Alexander N. Carson. ■ "Holding Fast." <£
<$> £
<«> ; — .■- ♦
<§> Memorial Presbyterian. Eighteenth and Morning— "Honoring God's House. Even- <?>
<& Railroad aves.— Rev. Herbert N. Bevler. ing— "The Yard Stick of True Service." •$■
<_> . : ______ <S»
<§> First Presbyterian, corner Van Ness ave- Morning— by pastor. Sunday-school <^
<$> nue and Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mac- at 12:45 p. m.; Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 _
<?> kenzle. p. m. Evening— No service. «|>
<s> _ ■ «3>
<|> St. John's Presbyterian, corner California Morning— Sermon by pastor. Evening— <s>
-*> St. John's Presbyterian, corner California Morning— Sermon by pastor. Evening— «j»
<$> and Octavia streets— Rev. George G. El- Same. _«_
<«> dredge. , ■ Y
<g> 1 — ■ — — — - •*>
<$> Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary Morning— "A Worldly Choice and What It <$>
<£ streets— Rev. John Hemphill. Cost." Evening— Sermon by pastor. <•>
<j> . <8»
& -— ; <•>
% — <s>
«$> Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank- Morning— "Our Duty to the World. Even- <$>
<!> lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James. ing— "Our Motive Power." . . <§>
<§> : — ■ <*>
<_> First United Presbyterian, corner Golden Morning— "The King and His Little Sub- <»
<$> Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H. Jects." Evening— "Your Sins, Your faoul _
<•> Bell. - * '■■ ' and Your Savior." ❖
<£> : — — — <§>
<$> Stewart Memorial U. P., Guerrero street. Morning— "God Glorified in the Redemption <!»
3> Stewart Memorial U. P.. Guerrero street. Morning— "God Glorified in the Redemption <J>
<£ near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan. of Man." Evening— "Prelude Dreyfus. <_>
<^ . 1 . — — — <§>
<$> First English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street— Morning— At 9 o'clock children's service led <_>
-*v Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. by girls' vested choir; 11 o clock. The <$>
<«> ' Triumphant Progress of Christianity. <$>
<£ ' Evening— "If the Bible Were Disposed <?>
4> or." • ;-- - <S>
<_> , - — <•>
<S> First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary Morning— Rev. E. Bradford Leavitt of %
<s> First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary Morning— Rev. E. Bradford Leavltt of a_
<$► and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebbins, Washington. D. C, will occupy the pulpit. <*>
<& minister emeritus; Rev. N. E. Schultz.' <§>
<j> Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp Morning— by Rev. N. A. Haskell of <_>
<%. streets— Rev. A. J. Wells. San Jose. Subject, The Sovereignty of <;>
<g> ; Man." Evening-No service. <_>
A First Christian, Twelfth street, near Mis- Morning — "Enlarge." Evening —'"The <$>
<$> sion— Dr. F. S. Ford. . World's Interest in the Cross of Christ." <J>
<_> Y. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets— Afternoon— Lecture by L. J. Garver on "In <§>
<_> J. McCoy, secretary. His Steps; or What Would Jesus Do?" |>
<§> First Church of Christ, Scientist. 223 Sutter Morning— "Unreality." All are invited. <_>
§■ street, between Kearny and Grant avenue . \\. <£
<& > —The Bible and Science and Health, with m
<$ Key to the Scriptures. <$>
<_> . : _ _: — - — : — - — <_>
<«> New Jerusalem (Swedenborgian), 1626 Morning— "The Word . of God." Evening— <«>
<$> O'Farrell street— Rev. P. V. Bowen. No service. <|>
3> . : — _ . — — - ■ : — — <$>
<_> Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ— 320 Morning— C. A Perkins will . preach on <_>
X . Post street. "The Divine Law, .Its Adaptability to *>
a • Man's Nature and the Accomplishment of <*>
X, God's Purposes. Evening— Sermon by F. <J>
% ci=J ','■-•- ■ B. Blair. , ' <_>
♦ ■ : — ■ <&■
<g> Theosophlcal Society— Odd Fellows' build- Evening— A symposium on "Religious Edu- A
«► Theosophlcal Society— Odd ' Fellows' build- Evenlng---A symposium on "Religious Edu- <?>
<_> ing. . , * cation. ,_>
Kosel, Misses McLean, Foran and Lan
dry; vocal solo. Miss Landry, and sleight
of hand performance by Otto Waneck.
This was followed by a cakewalk by Miss
Beatty and her brother, and thers was
HALE BROS.
plain and moire taffeta ribbon, In a
perfect range of colors:
no. s—l5 — 1 in. wide. In taffeta or
satin 5c yard
no. 7—1% in. wide, in taffeta or
satin Gc yard
no. 9 — 1% in. wide, in taffeta or
satin 8 l-3c yard
no. 12 — 1% in. wide, In taffeta or
satin 10c yard
no. 16 — 2% in. wide, In taffeta
or satin 12^c yard
no. 22—2% in. wide, in taffeta
or satin 15c yard
no. 40—3% in. wide, taffeta
only 15c yard
no. 40 — 3% in. wide, satin and
gros grain 20c yard
no. 60 — 4 In. wide, taffeta only
19c yard
second event
silks of all descriptions have ad-
vanced to such a point that the raise
in price of ribbons is inevitable;
we therefore determined some time
ago to get a better grade for our
first quality satin and gros grain
ribbon; while having to pay a little
more we will at the same time get
a better quality; our new Hale's
"good goods" brand of ribbon has
more silk In it and of finer quality
than anything we have ever carried;
it is on sale to-morrow, and we think
you will agree with us that It is the
best quality ribbon manufactured;
comes in all the standard and new
shades and all widths.
men's wear
unlaundered shirts. wamsutta
muslin, with linen bosom and wrist-
bands; double back, front and
shoulders; continuous strip re-
inforcements and seams double-
Btitched throughout; in all sizes —
.43c each
natural gray and camels' hair un-
dergarments; shirts and drawers of
good value at their regular price, $1,
but we are going to close them out,
bo we offer all sizes at 70c
935, 937, 939, 941, 943,945, 947
Market Street.
dancing until midnight. Messrs. Duden
and Stanley spoke about the order.
A new council was organized at Sissons
on the 6th inst., with fifty-seven charter
members. A new council will shortly be
organized In Sacramento County.THE SUNDAY
CALL
FOUR DAYS
ON A
PILOT
BOAT
" t >^ > .
ry-t BRIGHT light suddenly shot up
f on the inky ring of the horizon.
J^ spot of illumination, rendering by
contrast the surrounding thickness even
"'.'Must be the Bonita," exclaimed our
,, - ...' . iS h e reached for his binoculars:
- on the outer station. Xv, 1 belieya
a U;: - <-t earner, perhaps n. transport
from Mu'r..:.v, or the Japanese iiiailboai
Nippon Maru; she's due now."
We were standing in the cockpit of the
pilot schooner America^ shielding
lives as best we could from the pene
•;; dampness of the haze. It was
genuine San;: Francisco weather; tho fog
had settled down heavily on sea and land;
our vi> w was limited to a narrow circle,
through which tho masthead light of the
Incoming steamer began to bo dimly
visible.
:. a little to the left another bright
light illumined tho fog-, not fixedly like tho
firs; but waving to and fro in an ir
"Thot's tho Bonita. answering, ex
plained Captain Jordan. "See how she
moves her light about? She'll Rive him a
pilot If it's the Jap I'm glad it is not
my turn Last time I took ono of tnoso
bor«f S in I got quarantined for a fort
"Hflii'on* of tho amenities of pilot life,
this quarantine law. -If the-shm a P^
boards happens to bo detained bnUhe
medicallomcer ho must go to Angel Island
with the Infected passengers andttake h.s
chance sof bubonic plague, smallpox or
whatever other pleasant maiauy may
Sa?peno be going. . .
nut Captain Jordan, a blurt: hearty, old
Beadojr. does not .worry about these miner
troubles of pilot work. He handles his
little yachtUko eraftj the America, with
the u^rnoat confidence and skill; The lively
schooner moves like a bird across the
■water or perches silently on the waves as
occasion may require.
Jui.tr.ow ye are hove-to. o-jr .11.) sheet
flat to windward; waiting for the mail
steamer, or whatever she is, to pass. A
i%avv poutherJy swell tosses tho schooner
about lka a cork; but the pilots from long
familiarity tai-:e no heed of the motion.
I don't iike it quSto. so much myself, but
I am' here for the cruise and nrnst Iw
prepiirvd to sK-e it through without noed
'liv and by tho masthead light of the
steamer gels ti ? e^ % red"
• and green of. the side lights L^apt
pear, and C'.vn there ishowaftpast us In
the darkness a shadowy, Braceful shape;
her engines gently throbbing, her long
I!ne3 o£ portholes - shining brightly, her
de<"Vs crowded with passengers anxiously
looting for -speedy landing.- Across the
waterS through the still air. we could
lust liear the nrnrmur of their, cheerful
after-dinner chatter. Soon they would
be through the Goiden Gate, and, if the
iredlcal ollicer was merciful, might on
{he morrow bo enjoying all Ihe sweets of
Cl lj'i 1 1 11 these passengers, just arisen from
a Buraptuousymeal; surrounded by every
onnliance for case and comforr. give even
atmomenfa thought to the little pilot
{imti patiently in the wet and
:E« lp -"' s!u b ° ft
I know not. Few t>asscngers ever think
of the Pilot. They look upon him just a3
oineceesary cogwheel in a great nautical
machine.tacsigijed in return for- certain
monetary considerations to convey them
with the utmost ease and safety from
P( Fve-i J ln° r San Francisco, except among
the Bailor m<- : n who haunt the water
front, little or no consideration is given
iho Pilot: he is made a plaything by tState
iPKlsliiior? his appointment in often
looked upon -h "■ P^ C( - oi political patroll
ed Yet the ceaseless patrol maintained
friiVo-.it of our Golden Gare by the pilot
schooners Is worthy of greater conniacra-.
Mo-i JtiF at till times a - diJiicult. often
task; Hummer or winter, blow
hlK l'nr blow low, fog or sunshino. this
never-ending -vigil goes on. Nothing in
terrupts it. the r.eputatlbn of the port is
it "tiiw. and. to do our pilots fustlco;
SlOTwSitew universally admit that there
is no better service in the world.^Eyen
tho famous brigs which cruise off tho
M
unrvlVc *<> naturally J nought out Cap :
?^fn»lJar»er; who is the pilots' portlcan-
U munanc all their B hor, bus,
"rJko to fire pilot life? 1 -' Raid tho halo
nldtcentlflraan; a^ ho got rid of a mouth
?ul off tobacco julco. ''Why. of courno
you can; wo'ro alwaya clad to oblige The
?'«)! 13 u t you'vo got to be a good sailor.
Car ivnu etand a rough trip? 1 '
I n'odestly ro:ill':d Hint I thouglit I
rou'ld Thus tho i matter waa arranged,
and ono ftfternooA. unned with a Bmull
valino and a huge ollHkln-borrowed from
a friendly znorchant captaln-X found my
■elf Htnndlne- on the .inov/y dock of the
America, At anohor off Me| Bff ii wharf,
The ollßkin, I may remark, en iiftwant,
sroved utterly valueless. It bad juit
ome off a long tropical voyage and had
;: unpleasant habit of sticking ,■ to 'one s
lothes with all the confiding friendliness
if a' porous plaster. As tot the rest of;my
<iulpment the hospitable pilots took care
it that. I found myself on|bpard a v><s
•! Qtted with all the comforts of a yacht;
■verythingj needed} for an extended cruise
vas'at hand, we could have remained out
or weeks without the necessity of eom
nunicating with the short-. The littio
Fapanese steward bustled about getting
inboard the needful supplies for the voy
ige. The sailors were occupied on dock
Mutiny the finishing touches to the rig
ring As is always the case there were
ots of small things to be done, a boat
oad of wood had to bo brought off irom
vleiggs -wharf, the anchor h.-id to be hove
ihort, the sails loose-nod from their
straps, and it was quite: a time before
:■■ wore ready. At last Captain Jordan
md another pilot made their appear
ir.ee, the anchor chain came through
he hawse with a rush and a rattle as
last as four stout men and a patent
vinch could bring it; up went the jib and
oresail -and the America swung gently
nit Into the tideway. Then it was all
sands to the mainsail halyards, haul aft
he main sheet; and our tour days' cruise
vus fairly started.
First let mo say a word about our gal
ant craft; the America; and in doing so
may promise that she is only typical
)J the whole service. There are lour
>oats in all; the other threefbeing the
3onitaf,JGracie|S and Lady Mine. They
ire all nearly equal in size, of admittedly
qual speed and sea-going capacities.
iOQked at. from the wharf as she lies at
inchor, the America shows singularly
;raceful lines. She has the ideal yaeht
!ke, high-sheered bow, for which Amcri
an shipbuilders are famous. As she is
igged for cruising her spars are not of
ixceptional length, hut they tap.-r up
v;ir(i with a jaunty rako which promises
peed: For her size she spreads a consid
■rable area of canvas; her main boom
.lone i 3 lifty-eight feet in length) and the
ithor spars in proportion. The America
neasures nearly 75 ■ tons, and is hi feet
or.X, 2-i feet beam and 10 feet deep.
She was built at Benicia some ten years
igo, but shows no signs of service; look
n» to-day, after a recent overhaul, al
nost as if fhe had Just come off the
tocks. indeed, a boat of this class, never
laving been strained by carrying heavy
:argocs to and fro escapes much of the
ribulaUon which falls to the lot of the
irdinary merchantman, and if properly
sept up will last for many years. The
horoughness of her construction may be
Udged from the fact that she cost 518.5't0,
in enormous sum for such a small raft.
For ballast she carries .sixty-live tons
if lead, built into her bottom, a quantity
iufliclcnt to stiffen her and give her
veatherly Qualities.
There; are few vessels she meets which
an outreach her in a race to windward,
vhlle as to speed, her captain confidently
ieclares that her record is thirteen knots.
■'ew yachts can beat this.
Below, the America Is fitted up with .-ill.
he comforts of a passenger steamer. The
nain saloon, Borne twenty feet long, has
vide- sleeping berths for half a dozen :
allots, while as many 'more can, at a
jinch, be accommodated on tho settees. '.
n the forward cabin, where the crew is
serthed, there is room for more passcn
;ers. There the cook and steward, rolled
nto one. presides over a businesslike
ooklnfj stove and turns out r.uuls which
vould do credit to any city restaurant.
Our patrol, which was to last at least
our days, began as soon ■as we had
>eaten out against a stiff westerly breeze
hrough the Golden Gate. "We took up our
.tatioii just half way between tho light
hip and the entrance to tho bay. and there
,ye dawdled up and down all through the
ong afternoon, waiting for a ship which
night perchance have escaped tho vigi
ance of the Bonita on the outer station.
But ships did not come, or at least they
lid not get pant the watchful Bonita out
side ana the night found us hove to close
nsiab the lightship, enveloped in a thick
og. During the afternoon we completed
)UT complement by taking on board Oap
ain Tyson, the youngest oilot of the de
urtment. Already we had on board Cap
aln Murphy, the oldest, who has seen
noro than thirty years' duty guiding: ship*
n and out of the bay. There were thlrt/
rear* of life eervice between these twq
,-ears of faithful, devoted vrorl:, which,
inn been of incalculable benefit to the.
Under i".:o rules of the pilot service'
hero aro always three pilots on each
tout, ar.a she must dispose of her pilots
>r oUo remain out four days before re
urninirto port. The system engender*
i hotUtny rivalry between the pilots. Nat
irally the outside boat has the flr6t<
;hanco, but often she may miss a ship,
'it of
■
■
■
own way Into
Coir22
HERE IS THE HIGHEST GOLD MINE IN THE WORLD
On the Top of Sierra Bl&mca, 13,500 Feet High. Its
Discovery Results In the Finding ©I the Long Lost
Aztec Trail, Which May Lead to the Rich
Mines Whence "the Egyptians of the
New World" Extracted ' '.
■';■.'• Their Riches. . '
«■ AS the lost trail of the ah«,-.'.,
I \ leading: to on* of nature's vast
I j reservoirs of golden treasure,
J^ I been discovered on th« rugged
sides of Sierra Blanca, the loft
iMt and greatest mountain of Colorado?
Vlll the uncovering of this trail load to
Che reopening of one or more of the won
derfully rich mines Irons which th« Moa
tt»' i p- | of Mexico draw their golden
*re*ith, which tempted Cortez ai . his
p5Hu.-.f»i freeb*«tera and led to the down
fiLu mx& virtual extinction of the people
jailed Ui* Egyptians of the new world?
Will tk« result b« the establißhment of a
l^lr'T section which will add millions In
told f«o!i year to th« wesJth of Color&do
ip<i the *!UionT
These ax* questions which most deeply
ajoooern th« people of Alaraosa., the
J.i*tror«-U« of the fertile Baa Juan Valley,
fb* archaeologists amd the xncrck&nta
%rt>o Corea«« a great future for the town.
I^hes« <jn«etioc« have resulted la the gath
•rlng on Us rugged side* and la the
fiulcbe* of Sierra iiiaaca oX nearly two
thousand hardy miners, with about two
thousand nior« men of the te&derfcot
lavxlety.
Sierra Blanc*, la every respect the
Crt-ut'v>t mountain In Colorado, 19 the
Southern terminus of the serrated >'.: :.--;:--:
4* Crlsto i-jujge, which forms th« eastern
iMuxiditxv of the Ban Lams Park, or vailey,
tjrnlch was once a gigantic lake, and la
bow 7200 feet above the sea level. Blanca
U»elf rlsfs 14,488 fe«t above pea !eve'., more
than three hundred feet higher than re
nowned Pike* Peak. It Is twenty-tlirea
tnile* around at Umb«r line and about
seventy miles in circumference at its
itAue. It Is about eighteen miles east of
Alaxaoea and sixteen miles north of old
Tort Garland, now tho town ol Garland.
When tha warlike Xavujoea were driven
from the Ban Luis Valley thirty odd years
Ago and ■Rhlte men took their place the
first of those adventurous settlers learned
trcm the last of the red men traditions of
another race of men who came from the
i«uth with great pack trains of burrcs
Hid strong guards of armed men. These
southerners, the story ran, had delved In
the sides of the huge peak and had car
ried away on th* burros vast Quantities
c: gold.
These «txar.eers, the Navajo story tellers
averred, had niitda great trails over the
valley and even to the apex of the moun
tains, but many ona before they had
iruddenly ceased their visits and the trail
bed been covered up by the sands of the
plain and the detritus of the mountain.
These stories interested a few, who sought
to trace the trail from historic Interest,
while a few others made desultory efforts
to prospect th» gulches of the peak. For
jrears. however, both classes met oniy
failure In their work.
Finally the story of the lost trail waa
forgotten by all except Judge Uolbrook
•f the District Court of that section; for
pier Governor Head, for years agent of
the Navajo and Ute Indians; Creacontlo
Valdez, a well-educated Spanish-Mexican,
B*"d a few others, who said little about It
because mocking laughter always greeted
their references to the legend.
Prospctors found rich "float" about
tha gigantic bane of the mountain, but no
•ne was able to trace the vein or veins
from which It came; and it was once
•.greed that this float had been borne an
unknown distance by the passing of the
■waters which undoubtedly covered th*
•valley in prehistoric ages.
recoveries of vast bodies of 6!lv«t xt
Creeds and Silverton and of gold at T«i
ltiride attracted miners and prospector*
from Sierra Blanca, and for nearly *
■core of years little or nothing waa don*
In the vicinity until new processes of ex
tracting free gold from the black sand of
placer deposits attracted renewed atten
tion to the beds of the Sangre de Cristo.
A company of St. Louis and . . liisvlll*
capitalists became interested In Sierra
Bianco about two years ago and sent a
-fn: '-'r-f t# th* mountain. He made Mb
war. after E\:rmouniins many difficulties,
to the very top of the peak, far above the
line of eternal snows. There he found a
fine outcropping of porphyrltlc quartz. A
eerlea of claims was at once staked out,
and work on a tunnel shaft was soon
afterward begun. This mina Is 14,400 feet
above sea level, and is the highest In the
Un!t?d States. Another mining company,
which had been working at a lower level,
also above the timber line, likewise struck
pay rock. . ."'
News of these strikes was bruited about
last winter despite the efforts to keep
them from the general public, and even
before the snow was off -the lower levels
tnd out of the rulches In the spring pros
pectors bejja.ii to gather at Alamoea and
other places on the railroad from which
teams could be taken to the great moun
tain. The first of the3e were dressed like
farmers, and pretended to be such. In
search of ranches In the San Luis Valley.
When they hired conveyances it was os
tensibly to drive to a ranch near the town.
Then came the filing of the first claims
for locations at the. county sea . and then
the secret was out. . A grand rush was
made from Alamosa, Hopper and other
towns along the Denver and Klo Grande,
reinforced by miners who were no longer
"looking fur ranches. " Thua hundreds of
stt.kea were driven nil over the vast
western and northern sides of the moun
tain. ■
One of the mest . energetic bands of
prospectors In pushing their way up a
gulch hitherto unexplored were surprised
to find a email section of a well defined
trail, showing that nome one had been
there before them) Pressint onward they
found stall more sections of tin's trail, and
at several placea they discovered that it
was a buaic-n- path seven ' feet In width.
Most of it had been covered up by de
composed granite, and bowlders washed
from higher points on the mountain by
meltii-.g snows or by heavy rains, but
enough was left to show that it was a
roaJ over which hundreds of men and
animals must have passed;
Word of this was soon borno to Ala-
Tiosa. Judge Holbruok and the few others
who had held llrmiy to the theory that
:iie Aztecs or their predecessors in power
in Mexico had had great gold mines on
Sierra Blauca were jubilant . - They onoe
more exploited their views and Investi
gations were set on foot which feem to
have' fully confirmed their views. So
far, however, no one hes been able to
trace tho trail to even the semblance of
i mine.
Crescentio Valdez, who had spent all of
t!s life In and about Guadaloupe, tho old
jet Mexican settlement In Colorado, and
-ad devoted most of his time to prospeet
rg about Sierra Blanca; announced that
on one of his exploring: trips he had
found an oblong flab, aimoft burled in
sand, on the southern slope of the moun
tain. On this wits a cros3 with arrow
pointed heads. It was upright at the
limp. He dug It out and carried It away,
a-fter digging deeply below it in a. v«i#
»»ircii tor few*** *r*urar*. Wltm ****
he Bought for th» pls.c« * ntcrra a**
swept away nil traces of Us former loca
tion. The Blab wa.3 lattM- mislaid 'n some
way, but he could describe It with cir
cumstantial accuracy; and he ma.de a
rough sketch of it.
This sketch was showr. to a itacent M
Mexican history, and ww unheJtUa.tlr.ffly
pronounced an Azt^c guide pel Inat .1
Was Intended to point the way to sn Az
tec mine no one familiar with the clr
cumßtar.c ;s doubts for v moment, but
Valdez cannot cay In which direction It
pointed, and on an accident will now
uncover the lont; lost mine.
A man ■■■ ho gave hlsinaroe an Black
appeared at the Bank of Aiamcsfi. ore
day ten > I -- ago, and throwing a »nmli
buckskin bufr or gold duht and nugget*
on tba count-r, asked that It b* ex
changed for money. He refused to tell
thf» ca*sh!t - H. I. Ross, where th<s gold
came from. The next ir.unth, ami the
next, the man reappeared, anr! each time
with a baft of gold. Finally Mr. Rob* i*
solved to have him followed py a couple
of friends to viionj heUiad confided the
story of- the gold mystery.:; ■
Black went toward Zapato Canyon, the
wildest, most rugged portlonVol Blerra
Bl&ni-a. Just as he was about^to enter
the canyon he discovered f that he was
being followed: Cocking hi? rifle, he
turned- on tho two men and ordered them
to return to Alamosa as fast as their
horn°s would carry tlietn, undor.pain of
ir.etajit death. The men obeyed, and, n.^
the impression got out that Black was s
drsporado In hliilriß Jn the mountain, iia
wj;s not again followed.
;>r Calkin*, a physician living nearest
to the- canyon, missod 'Black- some, months
later, and thinking he .was. Ml, traced him
up the canyon by his '-trail; The donor
found the man lylnpjin a log cabin In
the wildest part of tho ennyon,' suffering
from fever, and gave lils*. some medicines.
11l an he v.*aa, Black crawled'' to the cabin
door, rlfla in hand, as !>v. Calkins left
him and ordered him to go straight down
tho canyon n.:id make no Investigation.
Black disappeared two years ago, but
no attempt was made untl> last month to
visit his Lonely home. Then two men
went up the canyon and found tho cabin
deserted. Some distance uway, at tha
Bide of the creek, ttrey found extensive
placer diggings, which; it is belioved, will
prove very rich. Whether Black had been
lost in the mountain, or having washed
out enough gold to satisfy him. Nad font
to «c;z>e city to speud It, no one knows.
PoUr Qays
r~ fcj ( 11 gg W ,Z3
tins? is?
OF] a
PfTot Boat
a i I >Ni? Sis/ van 13
Continued from Page Twenty-One.
pqr.iuJly, of course, It becomes an object
for the pilot to catch the ship, and to wo
bejjlectod no chance.
All night long: turchlight.g were burninr.
either on our boat or the :onita and noth
ing passed us unobserved, though one
steamer we believe, went Into port with
out taktm, a pilot from either of the
D08t». *
Next morning sj?.w us comparatively set
tled down In our little floating home. The
eldest pilot of the fleet playel a marvel
ous game of solitaire all day long-, with a
patience worthy of a better causu. Sol
itaire is a, favorite game with pilots by
reason of the loneliness of thnlr occupa
tion and the Ions: periods of enforced
writing they have to endure. ■
The day's routine on board ■ pilot boat
Is very simple. The crew consists of three
men and a mate,, or a boatkeeper, who
18 a responsible man capable of taking
charge of the vessel when required. it
oft*n ha? ;■ that there is a sudden de
mand for pilotH and they all, including:
the captain, have to take ships into port.
Then the boatkeeper assumes control and
»teers the boat home, unless he too
should be called upon for duty. In that
case a responsible member of the crew
takes . command and the pllotboat, her
capacities exhausted, seeks her moorings
off Meljjgs wharf.
Frequently tho pilot boats' have been
the means of saving: many lives. The lat
est instance occurred bat a few months
ago. It was the pathetic story of th»
lighthouse keeper's son, sick unto death,
no medical aid nearer than San Fran
cisco and a stormy Eea between. The
only boat on the island was a small skiff
ana Into this the keeper, his wife, his
wife's, sister, the sick boy and another
man crowded. The invalid was laid on a
nmttre&s In th* bottom of the crazy '..raft
while his mother heli l a three-month»-ola
baby to her bosom. A strong southwester
■was blowing and oncf; tho boat cl&ajed th«
point return was hopeless. The craft
proved quito unmanageable, but, luckily,
Just toward dusk, 'Captain Jordan, cruis
ing In th* America, picked up the half
twaxnD«d skiff. Hurledly he transferred
sis pilots to another boat and crowded
on ill sail for th* bay. The boy was
Landed safalr. but saddest of all. hs died
m two days.
The pilots refer with Indignation to the
manner In which the lighthouse depart
ment Ignores the North Farallones.
"They are, most dangerous rocks," the
pilots point out. "yet there is not even a
fell M a whistle, let alon* a light, to
la*n thai* Wbefsa^ouu." Thcrs h&va
WEi IUI9AT GAUU
P*a* several wreck* on this reef. Tears
\&o the American ship Chornploli- was
,©st, with most of her hands, and still
later the ichooner Sailor I'oy piled her
■elf up there And, worse still, the pilots
hint In a mysterious way at many unre
corded casualties. "There Is no Baying
how many fcfclpa may. have been lost here
end nover heard of," said a captain.
"Once a ship strikes she would be done
for. with all' hands, and months later she
would be pOHted at Lloyd's as missing:."
"But would not the wreckage which
washed c shore afford traces of her?"
"No wreckage would wash ashore," was
the brief reply. "It would nil go north or
south, according- to the way the current
was running; but it would not reach the
beach."
' ■:! through Sun-
U to the
■ I :■• < 7.p, not a
■ horizon. Then, toward
mp, dreary,
reads about In niyn-
Bea.
Now and again from out the moisture
laden d&rkness would come a strange,
shrieking sound, ■thing like the noise
made by a Blren. Then the calm waters
of the ocean would be lifted up and a
monster whale would rise close beside our
little schooner. I wondered what would
happen If it rose underneath us. All night
long these United tossed around us, some
times. In their play, lifting their huge
tails high out of the water and bringing
them down with a resounding crash,
which sent cloud* of, luminous spray fly
ing in all directions.
"Once," said Captain Jordan, **as we
•at smoking on the rail of the cockpit,
"a whale lifted its tail right over the sldo
of the schooner. Luckily he did not
briny it down en our deck.**
Then ti:s talk drifted naturally into the
subject of sea serpents, but as I wish to
keep within the strictest Knits of truth
I will not repeat the yarns 1 heard. Old
Bill Kelly, the boat-keeper, who was
with Perry In the Constitution, knows an
infinite variety of sea stories, and why
should he not, for few men have had a
wider and more varied experience of th*
sea. Tail and wiry, his lean face tanned
by long exposure, he still stands erect
and alert, In spite of his 74 years. Think
of his career, ye landamen who sleep
comfortably every night In your soft
beds. For sixty-four years, ever since he
was a lad of 10, he has roamed the face
of every ocean. Ten times ho has round
ed the stormy Horn; he has gone whal
ing in the tropical South Pacific and fish
ing in the bitter cold of the Bering Sea.
He lui.'t fought for his country, too, and
receives a well-earned pension from
Uncle Bam. He served on board the tur
ret ship Mcnadnock during the naval at
tacks on the Southern ports, and was
present at Mobile, New Orleans and a
dozen other bloody actions. His luck was
with him, and he came through without
a scratch. A long and trying life, yet to
day he is as hale and vigorous as ever,
and when it comes to reefing the main
sail lays out on the boom and handles
the reef earring with all the agility and
dexterity of the youngest seaman.
Monday morning found us off- the light
ship, having traveled Just twelve miles in
seventeen Hours, and here we lost our
first pilot, for, Just before breakfast, the
Ban Jose, from Panama, came steaming
along at a tremendous rate, as If her
existence depended upon reaching port at
the earliest possible moment. She hardly
cared to pause for a pilot, though Captain
Murphy, breakfastless, leaped into the
yawl and was on board in a few minutes.
"It Is easy enough boarding now," said
Captain Jordan, "though last winter,
when I went on board the San Juan, a
slater ship, it was a different story, it
was blowing a howling northwester and I
had grave doubt* as to whether It would
be possible to make the trip. I appealed
to Kelly. 'I can jdo it, sir/ he replied,
•with a pair of sculls.' He went with me
In the boat, handling her himself, and
got me on board the steamer. Then I
held the vessel until the pilot-boat crept
Us under fcer 1m aad Ksll/sot back iaie-.
to Ih&xt attar I stepped on board a sea
prolie ever the port quarter anil smashed
m five of the deck cabins, turning them
Inside out, bunks and all. Another dose
call occurred a, couple of years ago, when
we were cross! ns the bar In a heavy sea.
The wind suddenly fell, and we were] be
calmed amid the breakers. No less than
eleven huge so as fell on board. liut the
good little echooiier lived through It all ,
right, and comparatively little damage
wn.M done." ,• •
One of th.> most' remarkable accom
plishments of these pilot aailorsja their'
gift, of v!r-ton. All Bailors ar? snre
flßhtod, but pilots are almost ■' clair
voyants. Does a little cloud appear abova
the horizon,' the captain picks up his
glasses and tells you in a moment how
she is rlKCed and how she la heading.
In all probability h^ Is able to add the
namo of the chip, *Pbere nho la from, and
whith ir bound.
,On the lJist afternoon of our cruise we
sighted, far out beyond the Farallor.es. a
little speck of canvas. "What vessel la
It?" was the first question. "'Will she
take?" the neoond. As she gradually rosa
;;bove th* horizon, every detail of her
rigging was criticized. The first point
ascertained was that she had no sky sail*.
next her larg-e raff-topsail proclaimed her
an American bark. \Yas eho the 3. G.
Wilder or the R. P. RHhet or the Haydn
Brown, all American barks* duo fiom
Hawaii with sugar cargoes? Then, as the
glistening black hull appeared above the
Bca line, the captain took another look
through h!3 glasses. - -r>£ Rilt head"
was "all he sold. It was the Haydn
Brown, and we Bet our gaff-topsail and
■to'jd toward her.
"Valuable canto," observed the cap
tain, "she".! take a pilot." I may ex
plain that If a captain refuses to take a
pilot, no matter how well ho may know
the port, he runs a risk of forfeiting: his
insurance ahould any disaster overtake
the vessel. The underwriters may de
cline to pay, but if a certified pilot is
employed they cannot dispute the claim.
Hovvevor, as luck would have it the
Haydn Brown decided to save half her
pilotnge. We passed close under her
gilded stern, and a3 our services were
declined; laid our courya for another sail,
luHt appearing beyond tho Farallones.
Then ensued quite a pretty little game of
hide eu ■ Befck. Several sails popped up
all of a sudden around the horizon: a large
ship towing out— but we did not trouble
ACTRESS MEMORIZES 4000 WORDS AN HOUR
f"P"*HE mental collapse of poor Victory
I 'Bateman, which is said to have been
entirely due to her of poor Victory
Bateman, which is said to have been
entirely due to her ill-advised at
j tempt to make herself mistress of a
JL repertoire the extent of which was
far beyond her real capacity, has
aroused a new interest In the question of
brain power and brain endurance.
Ambitious and indefatieably industri
ous. Miss Bateman simply "drove a will
ing horse to death," for she crowded her
brain until Its delicate structure gay«
way entirely under the unaupportable
strain, and her friends were obliged to
place her in an asylum for the insane.
While Miss Bateman was crushed by her
self-assumed mental burden, Miss Mary
Nannary, who is known all over the coast,
has weighted herself far more heavily
; and has experienced no ill effects what
ever. Miss Nannary. however, has with
out doubt one of the most phenomenally
quick end retentive memories possessed
by any member of her particularly ex
acting profession. Notwithstanding the
generally received opinion that theatTlcal
people are. as a rule, particularly blessed
in the matter of memories, It is In reality
by no means a fact, for some of the most
brilliant stars In the dramatic firmament
find it impossible to include more than a
dozen roles in their repertoires, and even
these they are obliged to restudy If any
appreciable length of time Intervenes be
tween the dates of their presentation.
Many of our most brilliantly intellectual
actors and actresses find that after years
of severe study their ability to commit
their lines to memory easily and well be
comes much diminished, sometimes to an
extent which is annoyingly inconvenient,
this being again, of course, the result of
too assiduous application. The case of
Miss Nannary, therefore, is so unusual as
to be almost, if not quite, without a par
allel. While tho Eastern leading lady con
siders herself as wall equipped if she has
a reporters embracing fifty parts, our
clever Western actress is excellently able
to perform a different role nearly every
night in the year, should she so choose,
and do so, too. without having recourse
to restudy. Miss Nannary at the present
time is thoroughly familiar with 220 differ
ent plays, and is letter-perfect In her own
part therein. Her mind seems to be of a
Peculiarly Impressible and retentive qual
ity, for anything that she has one*
learned remains in her mental rrasp from
that time forth. It has been said of this
charming lady that she has a "billion
word brain," and reckoning billions in the
American fashion, she doubtl&M can claim
this distinction.
Not only dors Mis* Nannary remember
what she once learns, but she learns witH
almost unbelievable rapidity, as It a«4
The Commodore flfine.
ber— sevwnd small coasting: craft, and
finally a three-mast'- . schooner, to i..c
northward of the lirat bark sighted. She
was fair game, and we made for her as
fast as we couid. Long before. we reached
her A-© knew her to be the Mary Dodge,
which »ai!ed from Hawaii on the same
day as the Haydn Brown. Both vessels
had mad' tha voyage of, 2100 miles in the
same time, arriving exactly within the
hour. We knew, of, course, that she
would not take a pilot, but at any rate
she was good for half fees. So we sailed
right down upon her; it looked as if there
was going to be a collision, when the
helmsman, with a deft turn, siid tha
echuoner clopo under the vessel's stern.
."Want a pilot?" cried our captain. "No,
no," answered the other skipper, waving
his' hand disapprovingly. .We were not
disappointed, our purpose was nerved,
and the owners of the Mary Dodee had
bf?n made responsible for half pilotage.
The same thing occurred with the Mar
tha Davis, another sugar vessel, and with
two pilots still on board we bore up for
the lightship, expecting- to spend another
night fruitlessly.; dodging to nd fro in
ufarch of fresh arrival^. Bui fortune fa
vored us unexpectedly. About 9 ' o'clock
a bright light "flashed suddenly to\ the
northward, clcae to Point Reyes. ■ The
lighthouß9 and the ship's light seemed al
most as one. yet the dlfferorce old not
••cape the keen eyes of our watchman;
It was 9 o'clock, a3 black na pitch nd a
fresh westerly breeze blowing. But at a
cry from trie helmsman, "Torchlight
ahead, sir," the captain jumped on deck
Instantly, and away. like a hound released
from the leash, went the little America
in search of her quarry.
There waa no hurry, no fusa. no excite
ment. Everything was in readiness for
Just such an emergency. In a moment the
flyirg Jib and gaff topsail w* i set, and
with all the canvas she could carry the
■chooner bent down to her work.
Where was that elusive will-o'-the-wisp
light we were chasing? Again and again
we burned our torchlight, but got no re
ply. Still we kept on, though our patience
WRa nearly exhausted. At last an an
swering light came Irom over tha waters,
far away between Point Keyed and the
Farailones,
"Hard a-lee!" shouts the skipper. Round
(she spins like a top, and away we go on
a fresh tack.
"I'll catch him this time," exclaimed the
captain. "Can't make out what he's after.
Why doesn't he burn another light?"
With patience, the light came, and it
was evident we were closing on our chase.
"All hands to board ship," and our lit
tie crew tumbles up from below and
groups Itself, on the forecastle.
A moment befora the schooner's decks
were In darkness; now they were brightly
illumined by a torchlight held high aloft.
Forward the little group of rough-coated
men, straining their, eyes into tho gloom;
amidships the polished deck, gleaming
with moist' abaft the captain, stand
ing solitary and watchful in tha cockpit.
been proven that she can comrr.lt, and
correctly, fifty "Bidea" of ee\ "nty-nve
words each in the astonishingly brief
space of fifty minutes. Buch surprising
"There she- is," cry half a dozen »v!e*s
simultaneously. There was nothing to b«
seen but a little grayish cloud, somewhat
lighter la toil* than it* clouded back
ground.
When we got closer we made out a lstrg*
bark, the Jacques, one of the fleet of steel
vessels which the French, stimulated by
a liberal Government subsidy, have re
cently been building. She seemed badly
managed; she kept on running before th«
wind, instead of heaving to, as ehe should
have done.
"Blow the fellow, what's he doing?**
prowled the captain. Pilots have a su
preme contempt for foreigners" naviga
tion. "Wish I could speak French."
The ever ready Bill came to the res
cue. "Trlbord,' he roared. None of u»
had the slightest idea vvhat "trlbord"
nit-ant, but it seemed to have the desired
effect, for they rounded to and wait Ml for
ua. It was Captain Tyson's turn to board.
"Shall I try to take him In to-night?" h«
asked anxiously, as the boat was beln»
launched
"Wouldn't," replied Captain Jordan.
"Not With st foreiynar. Can't tell . what
kind of a crew he." pot, or.whetth-?r they
can manage, the shin, or drop anchor, or
anvthinf? elso. Got to see- things by day
light. Hang 'off and. on till morning."
Just Boy h;ck." ' p.rowled the ycuny
pilot. "Second . Frenchman I've had to
toko in. La.st one couldn't speak a word
cf Enelish, and I "had to give all my
orders ""by signs."
Presently the foreigner gilded away into
the darkness, end we resumed our soli
tary patrol. A damp, dreary morning only
brought v.ith It disappointment. It w*i
the laet day of our cruise, and we had
•till a pilot on board. We knew that th#
coal hulk Colorado, In tow >;f the to*
Pilot, was due from Departure Bay, ana
Captain Jordan had confidently counted
on catching her. Through the fog. w«U
away to the northward, we sighted our
expected prize, on.lv to see her «Hp
through our fingers. The breeze was light
and before we could get anywhere near
the Lady Mine, pilot-boat on the inn«#
station, had. slipped In and made tha cap
ture.
For a few moments rather free e>>4
easy language prevailed on our «choon«#
and then habitual good temper resumed
Its ..ay. Practically this ended oat
cruise, though we had the pleasure, of
speaking the General Falrcbild frcm Aut>
tralia. Now It was all for the ahore to ir»t
a few hours' rest b<-for« commencing an«
other cruise. However, on our way la
we met tha Bcnita, and received or«1«i|
to wait' for the outgoing Panama mall
steamer. It rn^ant some hours' dHa?
outside, but pilots take life- nhilosophio
ally. Our old friend, Cantain Murphy, re
joined us, having had but one night
ashore; and then wo mads all »all for
Metpga wharf.
"Not »o bad/ said the captain, as w«
pnrt.»d. "I'our vepsels spoken and tw»
pilots placed on board during th« cruise.
And the finest weather I have s»<?n for a
long time." J. F. ROSE-SOLKY.
feats as this even she does not perron
over-frequently, but that she Is capabit
of co doing ia susceptible of demonatratlea
at any time.TYPICAL WOMEN WHO HAVE TAKEN MOST ACTIVE PART IN THE DREYFUS CASE.
Tfiouflfi Not Exactly at Bottom of the
Affair They Had Their Recog
nized Pface in It.
PARIS, . Sept. "Cherchez la
fcmme" says the wisdom of diplo
mats and detectives. In the Drey
fus case the proverb, "Look for the
woman," has not justified itself, no
fatal female having loomed up to
supply the ever-missing mobile- "in pres
ence of whose absence," according to the
Judicious Bertulus. "the magistrate is
troubled," but in revenge any number of
Interesting mesdames have been brought
upon the scene in " minor parts, from
tragic misery to farcical insouciance.
•At "one time the fatal female was to be
the mysterious Austrian Frauleln Derry.
discovered by the opera bouffe detective.
Ouenee. "the frequenter of high society
and the grand bars"*; and serious-r.-.
French officers— like that Lieutenant
Colonel Gendron. who himself hoped to
procure from the fraulein only interest
ing notes for his course of lectures at the
Ecole, de Guerre— lamented Dreyfus' im
prudence in taking afternoon tea with a
foreigner, L'Autrichienne! Louis XIII.
Louis XIV, Louis XVI and the great Na
poleon all married Austrians, not to men
tion the present Orleans Pretender. Noth
ing is more remarkable than the present
day disdain of the Paris "patriot" for the
foreigner. The English wife of Laborl
and the American wife of Clemenceau
point clearly to odious cosmopolitanism.
"W"hen reminded that their own Mercler
cherishes a British spouse, Rood national
ists are .tempted to doubt the talk as an
Invention of the syndicate. Yet nothing
!s truer; and the general's son recently
boasted that, had he failed in his Saint
Cyr examinations, papa could hare got
bim a commission in the British army.
The Parisians who carp at Clemen-
ceau'a Amerlcalne are much behind the
times. That unfortunate woman from her
American home may feel a certain satis
-4 faction in the fact that the man who
spent her money has rang himself on
the side of truth in the Dreyfus cam
paign, but it is a satisfaction that comes
late in life to her. Clemenceau married
her In America. One day. years after
ward, when she reproached him with
tome more than usually atrocious gal
lantry, he replied calmly: "Stop making
Buch a fuss. Don't you know that you
are not legally my wife in France? We
•were not mar: before a French Con
bu!."
Thereupon she left him. The romance
of lime. La; ■ I is something: like this
tale reversed and ending happily. Blonde,
slender, nervous and alert, speaking
French admirably and distinguished by
an almost French vivacity, and quick wit
that comes to her with her Irish blood,
Mmc Labori has almost lost the outward
traces of perfidious Albion. Yet, as Miss
Maggie Okey, she was one of the mojt
distinguished graduates of the Royal
Academy of Music, with a brilliant Lon
don concert career before her. She mar
ried M. Vladimir de Pachrnann, the Rus
sian pianist end composer, who had his
own little leaning to Gallic "gallantry."
To this Mme." de Pachmann vigorously
objected, and as the eminent Russian pi
anist was making: a good living in Lon
don, far from thtr jurisdiction of the
Grand s>nod, he was not able to make
* the amiable reply of Clemenceau, '"Don't
you knov that you are not icgnHy my
wife in Russia?" On the contrary, she
■who was destined 'to become the partner
of one of the ■ ■-■.■- skirmishers
of modern times procured divorce and
alimony from the astonished Russian Or
thodox church without loss of time. Her
marriage with Maltre Labori did not de
lay itself, as they say in French, and
turned out of the happiest. Labori is the
most Anglo-Saxon Frenchman I have
ever encountered— outspoken. fearless,
combatant and go ahead, utterly free
from the artificial, timid and lagging
"correctness" that distinguishes the
ju<Jge-terrori»ed French advocate. Hi 3
colleagues admire him with respectful
wonder, ana on more than one occasion
have gathered aruund him as the cham
pion of their priviliges. Once Labori said,
"I protest!"
"Protest all you please: was the cyni
cal reply of the French Judge, here
upon "the good natured colossus," bang
ing his books and pounding the table,
raised BUch an outrageous row that the
proceedings were interrupted for five min
utee. ; , rr,
"But, mon Dleu. what are 70U doing?"
cried the Judge. V
"I am protesting: eaid Labori, and
m gained his point.. "I learned that" trick
from Mme. Labori." h« explained at
luncheon. Dreyfna the most that can b«
Of Mm« Dreyfus the most that can b«
laid is that the Is utterly unknown. "A
good woman," says the ancient Sanscrit
proverb, "*•» be? namt In th» fi«w«p«.
pers only twice — on . the 1 occasions of her
marriage and her decease." , The name of
Mme. Dreyfus has been much In the pa
pers, but it is remarkable how little they
have found to say about her. In spite of
the pretensions of certain women Journal
ists she never has given an "Interview."
She has been accused of hardness of char
acter. I do not knew on what grounds.
Her great preoccupation— apart from the
rehabilitation of her husband— has been
that her children should be kept in ignor
ance cf their disgrace. The little girl
rias never doubted. "Papa Is in a far-off
country serving France. Everybody loves
r=»pa. That is why -are get so many let
ters." But there is reason to believe that
the boy— morose little fellow— long
r.^'i a vague idea of something different.
Both children had the habit of Inquiring:
"Where is papa now?" And the sad
mother would gather courage to concoct
pious falsehoods. One day the boy ceased
asking "Where is papa?" It Tras a bitter
day for Mine. Dreyfus.
The victims of the "affaire" are of both
sides. Indeed, the saddest case is that oft
Mme. Henry, the doubly bereaved widow
of Dreyfus' unscrupulous enemy. Sorrow
drove her far from common sens*; her
husband's memory drove her far from 1
truth, and the interested counsels of the
generals drove her to Rennes to make x
painful exhibition of her unhappy state.
Doubtless she imagined that the picture
of those home evenings would impress the
judges and the public. How Henry would
brir.g confidential papers from the Minis
try of War. "to work on after dinner,"
while she sat peacefully beside him. He
spread out the little pieces of paper on
the center table, "reconstructing" letters
by means of narrow little strips of
gummed paper. How Henry entered h<?r
bedroom "very late" that night, the
famous bordereau in his hands, ana how
"he put it in his hat so as not to forget
it." Yet with each detail the unhappy
lime. Henry was driving another nail
into the structure of her husband's shame.
The "work" that he brought home to do
around the cheerful lamp was forgery.
The pretended confidence of her husband
that his most famous forgery was only
a "reconstruction of verbal evidence""— if
true— would make her an accomplice, for
she never saw the wretched man after his
arrest. The audience blushed with pain
as she went on innocently ruining her
deposition with these horrible details.
Mme. Henry to-day Is far on the
road to monomania. She sees the duty^
laid upon her to defend her hua-
band's memory in and out °'^^^L^^^B
season, in street cars and,
on the way to church,
and when she is
out shopping.
She thinks
everybody
knows
her. She
sees it
on 1 f
prop^B^B
that rr«^BBJ
shot: 1 '^^^H
step aside
and lift
their hats W|
as she
sweeps by. I
There are ether
tender- hearted
women among' the vlc-»
tims — Mine. Esterhaxy.
neglected and ashamed;
lime. Labor!, continually
worrying lest the assassin's *
bullet should by iom« obectrr*
accident affect her husband's spine; -^BB
Mme. Chapelon, whose only son, the liomß
of her old *«©, lost his- scholarship and
with It his future, because she had prom
ised to testify at Zola's trial; the ir.
of Lemercier-P saw the man
. m-arer to the
suicide that ended his career— and hers;
the wife of th- 1 spy Lajoux. an innocent
young Swiss girl, who, after a hundred
miseries, died In Brazil, her husband's
guiltiest :ante of Est^rhasys con
tempt for present-day Frenchmen, driven
from Paris by the silly rage of public
opinion.
"I am absolutely convinced." wrote Es
terhazy to ilmc. de Boulancy, "that this
people is not worth the ammunition tp
kill it. and all the little tipsy-woman
cowardices to which the men give them
selves up confirm me in my opinion.
.For me there is one human quality, and i
that is completely lacking in French- A
men; and If 1 were to be told this M
evening that to-morrow I should be mW
killed as a Uhian captain cutting
dov/n Parisians, then I should be k^k\
perfectly happy. Oh, their on dit
que with the on anonymous and
cowardly, and these unspeakable iml-
of men running from one woman A
to another with their filthy gossip— M
would they not make a sad figure k^k
in the red sunlight of a battle, k^k
in a Paris taken by assault
and given over to the pillage
of a hundred thousand A^M
drunken
] — > soldiers?" g4M
IHE SUNDAY CALL.
It Is a dozen years ago that Esterhazy
wrote this amiable appreciation ■to his
:ousin. the playmate of his childhood and
he condoler of his riper years. ■ Mm-?, d
-3oulancy does not seem to have been on.
:ordial terms with Mme. .
Ssterhazy. On '.M ~~^^^|
jrher hand. Mrr.e. —^^^^^^H
It 1 Boulancy
swears that Sy' _^^^^B
•he herself // /~l^^k
lid not / >^^B
rive up >// f^ifl
:ho 3«■ / .^^^|
ettera /^^H
publication.
In some mys-
P^ terious 'way.
PJno'wever, they
Hcame to see the
PJllght of publication;
PJand her dearest ene-
P^^ny could not wish
PA^greater revenge
P^n the "Uhlan's"
P^unfortunate cor-
P^ respondent. The
P^ Parisians, lather
P^ timid of the re-
doubtable c o m-
mandant, took It
out on Mme. de Bou-
lancy. As for Mme. Es-
terhazy. sne has her di-
vorce. Refined and retlr-
P^r Ing, she bore the eating up
of her fortune without a
murmur. She bore the insult
of Esterhazy's collage with
Mtrguerite Pays. She permlt-
ted Esterhazy to complain in
tiie Paris papers of her family's
stinginess and his own sacrifices to
support — at a time when she was
riving him money. . But when he had
the Indelicacy to speak of the state of
health— and that falsely— as an excuse
xor'nls gallantry, Mme. Esterhazy revolted and
her door forever on th« man. *
Mean-while Marguerite Quiwe-Doisht, as she .was ooct
called at the Moulin Rouge, .aughed
gayly and proudly as "her command
ant" steered their frail boat, over
ioaded %vith sinister secrets, through
the rapids of the Zola trial, his own
court-martial and a dozen criminal In
structions. It was Marguerite Pays who
made the saying, "A general la only
a man." Marguerite Pays invented the
Sower-pot hiding place for secret papers.
Marguerite Pays carried Esterhazy's poi
son for him. lest it should be taken from
him before he could swallow it. The de
n of this Moulin Rouge girl to the
ruined French officer never wavered. She
went cheerfully to prison for him. Sha
sneered at a bribe of $50,000. It broke Es
terhazy's heart because she did not tak«
it. "Think what a time we could nave a
had spending it:" he moaned to her
in London. Whereupon she only
l&ughed again. In London she
is the rage, as "the right
sort" and "a real little
brick" to tnen who
tolerate her
man only
■around
sup-
tables
Bo? the Cafe
Royal. • Vet
Is a
H£^ at an( somber
srenlus of whom the
has not yet heard
last. To Marguerite he
|ls "the man who took me from
the hell of the Place Blanche."
Then there is Mme. Bodson. for
■whom Preyfus — oh. a long time ago — for
got his studies for a moment. A witness at
Rennes has testified to a remark that will
make M. Bodson an historical character
in France. The witness did not like the
company he met at Mme. Bodson's, and
he blurted it out frankly at the second
Interview. "But I am very happy to hear
that!" cried the friend and confidante of
a day, who had "picked him up" in the
Bois! "Don't think those people are my
friends. They are the friends of my wife,
and you must have perceived that Dreyfus
is her lover!" He wanted to chase Drey
fus from the army, and it was then that
the solemn Monsieur de Breuil made the
remark that has made the name of Bod-
son synonymous with Christian resigna
tion: "I attributed this to his discontent
as a wronged husband, and I responded:
'Monsieur Bodson, if they were to chase
out of the French army every officer who
has taken his neighbor's wife perhap»
thare would be a famous cleaning up of
the lists.' "
The Bodsons otght to be particularly In
teresting to Americana, because It was at
their reunions, now so famous, that our
own one-tlm* military attache to France,
the enlsncatlo Captain Bomp, figured— at
least In the eye* of the Information De
partment — aa a vague menace to the
pauie. Borup »erved his country, they
say, as Schwarzkoppen and Panlzzardl
■erred theirs, at risk and peril. When.
eanftit trading forbidden secrets h» could
not In honor plead the "baby act" and
tell the truth that all the other attaches
were doing the same thing. Si he accept
ed his lot in silence. If this Dreyfus case
PRIVATE LITE OF THE CZAR.
So little is known about the private life
and personal habits of Czar Nicholas of
Russia that a volume on this subject,
which has just been published in Ger
many. is bound to prove of unusual Inter
est. The volume is entitled "Czar Nich
olas II and His Court," and the author
Is Bresnitz yon Sydacow.
Nicholas, we are told, is one of the moat
reserved monarchs that ever sat on a
throne. He speaks seldom and briefly and
while he Is talking his eyes are generally
fixed on the ground. He rarely laughs.
and does not often even smile^^^^^^H
Of danger he has no dread, re "^^B
sembling his fearless grar.d-M
father ir this respect. "£H
will live and die for Russia^M
how 1 die I care not." r
said a few daysafterß
his acce.~sion.M
The Czar'i^B
home life la slm-H
pie. He like aH
plain food at dln-^H
ncr, and he sel-B
dorr. has mar.y^^B
guests at table. He|
eats quickly, "like all
men who are accus-B
tomed to work aH
great deal," andl
he drink* veryß
little w.-^^^B
He drl^gß
J
in al
two-
carriase.
he wears
uniform almost
the time. In-
It is said that
had no frock coat
he visited Parts
few years ago, and that
(the court tailor, who was
accustomed to make, his unl-
forms, was in despair because
he knew that his imperial mas
ter would be obliged to wear civil-
A BOY VIOLINIST WHO
IS INDEED A PRODIGY
OfILY SIX YEARS OLD. BUT FLAYS
LIKE A MASTER AND IS DEVOTED
TO THE MEMORY OF HIS
FATHER.
FROM sire to son— from Dlonyp Ro
mandy, the well remembered, to
little Gounod Romandy— has come
the masterful musician's talent.
Another child prodigy has leaped
into the glare of public attention.
Six-year-old Gounod Romardy is the
latest to arrive.
Three thousand people cheered them
selves hoarse at the Orpheum Theater In
Los Angeles last Friday afternoon when a
tiny child, with face strangely old for one
of his tender \ears, and with hair lone
and silky, altogether an odd and almost
pathetic little figure, stood in the orches
tra conductor's chair and drew from a
violin the music immured in its soul.
Among the many talented Angelenos
whose services had been put at the dis
posal of the programme committee for
this big benefit performance for the re
turning boys of Battery D was tne
youngster. Gounod Romandy. A week ago
the committee received this note from the
child:
"I am Dion Romandy's little son Gou
nod. My papa played at the Orpheum
and if he was alive I know he would play
er the returning soldiers. 1 am only >i
years old, but would like to play for the
soldiers' fund. I will try my best. Will
you be kind enough to let me take part.
"GOUNOD ROMANDY.'
The committee accepted Gounod's pro
posal, and events proved its judgment to
nave been sound.
Little Gounod Romandy is one of the
two sons left by Romandy pere, leader of
the original Hungarian orchestra brought
to this coast by Gustav Walters. If ever
an inheritance came through blood from
father to son, then the love of and mas
tery over music was Dion Romandy'a leg
acy to the boy Gounod,
"When Gounod Romandy was a year old
he showed a passion for music. Then his
father bought a small violin for h:m
Gounod promptly discarded all of his oth
er toys for this new and greatly beloved
one. From that day Romandy Sr. was
teased and begged for "lessons." When
his father would come home Gounod
would beg him for "Just one little lesson,
please." So he had them given to him.
That Is, antll the elder Romandy died.
Little Gounod Romandy has the artist's
temperament. Ha Is dreamy, ■ensitlvo
■will have done no other good it Trill at
least have demonstrated the evil of trans
forming honorable eoldiers into spies. And
Mmc Bodson? Mme. Bodson still exists.
She still receives. And there are gay
times at her Sunday evenings.
ian's attire In the Parisian ceremonies.
Being a man of resources, however, ha
went hastily to Paris to study the latest
fashion in men's dress, and he finally pur
chased a suit for TOO rubles. This suit the
Czar wore during' the festivities in Paris,
and the story goes that be felt very un
comfortable in it.
Nicholas is an unwearied worker. All
documents saib- * mitted to him
he reads very care-
. c *~v fully, and
Bfe^X - c fr c -
Q u €ntly
■1 o t c s
with a
W. rendl.
a won-
derful
memory.
and It often
happens that
after
he has given
HT an unlmpor-
itant order
*« will ask
W%' - ** to the
Hp^ manner in
which it was
carried out.
V Summer and
» winter he Is the first to
f arise in the morning:,
and he 13 -working: hard
while the others are still
sleeping:.
Then the Czar wants to shake off all
ares he plays with his children, and It Is
on these occasions that he seems most
happy. /
A firm believer !n popular education is
Nicholas. While he was heir apparent he
once said: "Russia has had a Czar who
was a liberator: it also needs a Czar who
will be an educator," and the people have
not forgotten these words. Of the Czar's
interest in popular education there are
many evidences. Hardly a day passes
that the Russian papers do not contain
articles about new schools, new libraries
and new educational societies.
and poetic. His eyes are deep and are
expressive of that which is far beyond the
years of the ordinary tot of 6. His fea
tures are delicately molded and of sweet
but decidedly pensive cast. He is ex
ceedingly reserved, except in his passion
ate grief over the death of his father,
whose srave at Alhambra he decorates
with fragrant blossoms every Sunday.
With a violin case full of flowers he
makes the weekly pilgrimage to Dion Ro
mandy's grave, and onee — the widow's
eyes nil when this is told Gounod was
missed and could not be found. It was
on a Thursday. After a deal of searching
the distrait mother thought of the grave
where the dead violinist lay. She found
the little fellow, his violin case heaped
with blossoms, lying by the side of the
mound, weeping with all the bitterness
that babes are not presumed to have ca
pacity to feel.
An odd thing is the manner in which the
lad speaks of his father. Invariably he
says ;
"'lf Romandy were here." etc. Always
simply "Romandy." Not father nor papa,
but just "Romandy."
Romandy was not the boy's parent's
real name. The man was born Dionya
Heberling. The story of how his name
came to be changed is a romantic bit In a
romantic history.
He composed, in his early youth, a beau
tiful gavotte for sixteen pieces and dedi
cated it to Elizabeth, Queen of Roumania
(Carmen Sylva). In recognition of his
genius Carmen Sylva honored the com
poser with the title "de Romajidy," and,
according to custom, Dionys Heberling
became Dionys Romandy.
Little Gounod, whose first public ap
pearance was of the spectacular order,
is not to be treated as child prodigies
have been many times by greedy or Inju
dicious parents. The case of little Paloma
Schramm is one of others that have
warned Jlme. Romandy of the unwisdom
shown in forcing an infantile genius.
So Gounod's 'precious gifts are to be
nursed and cherished with great care. Al
ready wealthy patrons of the fine arts in
Los Angeles have come forward and vol
unteered to assist in the boy's musical
education. The sensation created by his
appearance at the big benefit affair will
doubtless " Inspire similar offers. With
these toe widow of Dion Romandy Is as
sured of assistance, and this and time are
all that is needed to develop In -Gounod
Romandy the genius that bo baa in such
extraordinary measure.
2324
Martyred family
sentence
by the
FrTfpTnp
junta
ISABELLO ARTACHO, the last rep
resentative of a martyred family,
has again been sentenced to die the
death of a traitor.
Three years ago the Artachos
numbered five— a father and four sons
— and they constituted one of the
wealthiest, the most influential, and at
the same time happiest, families In all
Luzon. To-day Isabello stands alone,
bereft of all that men hold dear — home,
friends, country — even hope itself", and
to-morrow, unless fate intervenes, as
ehe did once before, he will lie in a
shameful grave, and the story of his
branch of the once powerful Artachos
will have been brought to an end.
Surely, however, no story that has
been ever told was more full of cruelty
and wrong, of foul injustice and un
merited disgrace than this of these
martyred five — this father and his four
brave young sons, who offered up their
all upon the altar of liberty and were
doomed each and all to die ingloriously
at its foot.
When Dr. Rizal. himself a true pat
riot, who hting for independ
ence, called in the year 1896 for contrl
Qtyaplaity /T\el^99O9— soldier, priest, Qoui^elor ai?d srae priepd to Our Boys.
HAVE been to Bee the idol of the
1 "Fighting l"i:-si"— Chaplain McKin
non
It is raily when I start— so early
that nothing save stern duty could
have dragged me forth into the chill
dampness of the foggy morning to go
n-; : oggar.lng over the up-hill-and-down
dajr-y Union-street car track out to the
distant !':•
I furl my fluttering garments about me
as best I can, and opposing myself brave
ly to the onward rush of the sweeping
Wind and the swirl of drifting sand that
accompanl< a it, climb to Adjutant Jossc
lyi.'s tent, th^-re to meet disappointment.
Figuratively Bpeakir.g, my bird has flown,
but, the adjutant assures me, his flight
cann n possibly be a long one, for it is not
his wont t>> leave 1 camp without reporting
A polite young officer suggest*
that the chaplain's tent is empty and that
I may then- await his arrival.
The chaplain's tent is "the last small
one." of the lino and staff row. It con
tains nothing but a board floor, a camp
t- . and a few small Hugs. The smiling
toldior who acts as .scout for me— a
chubby boy is ho, "just turned 17" he con
fesses when I accuse him of illegal ado
rn, a foraging exp. <ll
tion which results In the capture of a
nail k>-g. reasonably solid as to one >-nd,
but a wild sprangle of disunited staves as
to the other, and upon this I seat myseli
— girgerlv. because of its dust, and gently
se of Us :i!:irming instability.
The dimpled soldier, who. child though
he ta has seen more of war and blood
and hardship than I can i ver know, con-
Imself my personal guard and
. iwn, like s masquerading <_upia,
the rough platform that separates
the tent from the tramping
way. While I gaxe mildly out at him two
w om< ■ ' ■ ' ■■■■■'■' housewives ap
pro h him • Lg< rly. and, coming dose,
,-. him. both with disappointment,
and one with tears.
"YOU ain't Heinrich. after nil, sa>s
the least moved one accusingly, as if the
boy were to blame for his own person
al'!-. "We thought you was when we
saw you In the parade, nnd we brought
this picture"— indicating n soiled photo
graph' which th her woman curried as
if it were her one treasure— "and the rap
tain said that it looked enough like you to
be you, and so he sent us over here— but
you ain't Heinrich."
"No " wails the other woman, "he am t
Heinric'n. Oh, what shall I do? What
■hall 1 do? 1 thought my boy had come
home at last— he ran away last year
when J didn't want him to enlist, you
pee"— this explanatorily to the mystified
volunteer— "and I was sure he would
come back on the Sherman, and now he
hasn't. "
The boy -,\ho has been proof against
Filipino buli^ts is routed In disorder by
the tears of a craving mother. He
grasps eagerly a 1 thi first form of con
solation that presents itself to his mind
and lies frankly and fluently.
"You don't need to worry about that
kid" he declare*, banding back the pic
ture at whi< h he lias gazed long enough
to formulate a plan o* action, "l seen
that feller lots of ;;mes down In the Phil
ippines an 1 b s's all right, you bet. He'll
come back OB sonic of these here trans
ports before you know it. The last time
en him he had the- rosiest kind o'
cheeks on him, an 1 hadn't been in the
hospital even once."
The sobbing woman wipes bet eyes and
regards him with a watery smile.
"You are sure it was the same boy?'
she asks, and the youngster meets her
gaze unwavering';-. '
"Sure," he asseverates cheerfully, and
the comforted haus-frau puts out a toil
hardened hand and pats him on the
shoulder.
"Your mother must have been awful
glad to see you," she says earnestly.
The boy turned a hunched shoulder
abruptly upon her.
"1 ain't got none." he says
A big black shadow comes between me
and the tableau. A long, slender, bronzed
hand lifts up one side of the triangular
doorway, and a massive, stooping oody
forces itself with a heaving lur<-h through
the Inconveniently circumscribed aperture
Into the inconveniently circumscribed In
terior of the tiny tent. While conditions
rob this entrance of something of the im
pressive dignity which rightfully belong!
butions to help along the "insurrectos"
movement the elder Artacho was one of
the first to respond, and he responded
so generously that he almost Stripped
himself of lands as well as fortune.
The events of those days are too
well known to require repetition
here. It is sufficient to say that
when Aguinaldo, Sandigo and the
other leaders of the insurrection
were banished Isabello Artachu. the
now death-doomed man, and a
younger brother were among their
number. Isabello indeed was one of the
council which had accepted the bribe
of 1800,000 from the Spaniards, but he
had counseled its acceptance because
he firmly believed that it should be di
vided among the poorer Filipinos who
had followed the provincial leaders and
lost their all by the means.
The Spaniards never intended to pay
the second installment of this money;
and, in fact, kept none of the many
promises which they had made to gain
the ends which they had so much de
sired. The father, who had done
so much for his country, was arrested
on a trivial charge and removed from
his plantation in Tarlac, and Boon after
this plantation, the last of the family
estate, was confiscated. The Inhablt
to It. there Is no lack of this qualification
in the soldierly presence that looks down
upon me an instant later with a pair of
the kindest blue-gray eyes that it has
ever been my lot to behold during my
earthly pilgrimage.
This is Chaplain McKinnon, soldier and
priest, brave guide, wise counselor and
true friend to our California boys, and
because I know far more of him than he
himself will ever tell to me or to any one.
else In the wide world, I rise to do him
reverence. He towers above me like a
veritable son of Anak and engulfs mv
hand in the warm cordiality of his own
large handclasp. His is a personality
whereof physical strength and size first
impress the beholder; and next the quiet
kindliness of his deep-set eyes and the
grave sweetness of his slow, infrequent
smile. '.■■•*. ■•:-■
He greets me like a courtier; he gazes
at me with eyes that have learned their
expression of tender sympathy from being
many times present at the death of mor
tal bodies and the birth of immortal
souls; his strong hands hnve been taught
their light sureness of touch by binding
up shattered limbs and ghastly wounds
ants of the province had not yet ceased
whispering their terrified condemna
tion of this outrage when they were
horrified by the discovery of the old
man lying dead by the sidQ of the
highroad.
Not long subsequent to this dreadful
event the youngest son, a handsome
and brave young fellow scarcely more
than a boy in years, was seized in
Manila, and, after a weary wait in
loathsome Bilfbid prison was said to
have been deported, but as he has
never been heard of since it is certain
that he "disappeared" in a way most
satisfactory to his enemies.
The son next In age was captured on
the Lunetta, and after a farcical trial
was led, along with a number of other
prisoners, out to the public parade
ground and executed, being the third of
hi? unfortunate family t < > suffer death
within the limit of a few brief months.
When Agrutnaldo obtained permission
from Admiral Dewey to go to Cavlte
on the McCulloch the two remaining
Artarhos accompanied him, but he had
no sooner landed than he assumed dic
tatorial rights, and almost his first ex
ercise of power waa the throwing of
Sandipo, his Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, and Isabello Artacho, his Minister
THE SUNDAY CALL.
For'Bsfiig
Too
Fi-T^ridTy to
of War, Into prison.
It was at Cavite that I became ac
quainted with Artacho, his remarkably
attractive face, refined manner and no
ble bearing attracting my attention
most strongly when I first saw him
amid his filthy prison surroundings. In
tellectually he towered like a giant
above the Spaniards about him and his
demeanor was as serenely dignified as
if he had been a ruling prince instead
of a hopeless prisoner. He was then
under sentence of death and had been
condemned without a trial. A military
tribunal had informed him that owing
to proofs placed before it by the dicta-
tor — Agulnaldo did not then call him
self President — his death had been de
termined upon. At this time I was for
tunate enough to be instrumental in de
feating this special plan of the Filip
ino leader, for at Isabello's suggestion
I represented the condemned man'a
cape to fJeneral Anderson, and either
because of that gentleman's interces
sion or through f^ar of American dis
approbation the d^ath sentence was not
carried ' : it. Artacho, however, was
not released, but was set t<> work In a
chain gang loading an insurgent steam
er, being kept meanwhile on a far from
liberal diet of bread and water.
Chaplain McK'mnon of the "fighting first."
As soon as the steamer was ready to
leave the dock lsabello was taken away
from Cavite and for seven months
nothing was seen or heard of him by
those interested in his welfarp. Shortly
after his enforced departure, however,
word came that h'.s only remaining
brother had been arrested and shot at
Imus by Aguinaldo's orders, the charge
against him being treason.
Several weeks ago Isabello Artacho
reappeared in Manila and claimed the
protection of General Otis, but in vain.
General Otis sent him jo Hongkong
under the redhot hail of fierce and bloody
battle; his voice has acquired its tone of
softly vibrant pathos through being raised
to God in supplication beside dying sol
diers, while guns and cannon strove
against each other to drown out the holy
sound of prayer with the hellish sound of
"nurderous human conflict.
He carries the proudly poised head of
a conqueror, for long ago he vanquished
man's greatest enemy— sejf; and he has
the eyes of a saint. His rather thin,
dark hair crowns a forehead roundly
prominent — his Scotch ancestry has
given him the high cheek bones and
square facial contour of his immediate
forbears— but he has a nose that most
surely came down to him from a Roman
patrician. He is dressed in soldier blue,
but there is a black cross instead of gilt
insignia upon his collar, and there is a
broad, black stripe running adown the
outer seam of his trousers instead of a
white or a red or a yellow one. For the
rest he wears a foraging cap and an
overcoat resplendent with silken frogs,
and a pair of shoes as trimly fitting, as
nice of quality, and as glossily blackened
as if he were in a ludy's drawing-room
and" the Filipino junta there has Just
met and decreed that he must die. The
main charge against him at this time
is that he is too friendly with Ameri
cans and believes too strongly in Amer
ican institutions.
PIERRE N. BERINGE7R,
instead of a soldier's camp.
Will he tell me something- of himself?
I ask the question after I have resumed
my seat on the vacillating nail keg and he
has perched himself uncomfortably on the
corner of a small brick platform that
forms the foundation for the inverted
castiron cone which does duty for a stove
on colder days, but I know my answer be
fore he speaks.
There is "really nothing to tell," he
says, except the simple biographical facts
which are already known to all whom
they specially interest. If I care for
them— very well. He was born in Bos
ton, educated among the English resi
dents of Prince Edward Island; went
into business here in California; awoke
to a sense of his vocation a few years
later and studied for the priesthood over
in Santa Clara; took charge of a parish
and then joined the army.
He pauses here and looks sympatheti
cally at a wounded soldier stumping by
on crutches and carrying a burden of pain
in "the shape of a bare foot cushioned in,
cotton, with a white heel sticking patheti
cally out into the atmosphere. v
"Your life surely did not end there?" I*>
say. suggestively, since in his interest in.
the passing sufferer he seems to have al
most forgotten me. and he smiles be
nignantly as, recalled to a sense of my
presence, he answers: "No; in truth, I
think that there it really began."
"If you only would let me talk of tha
boys now," he continues, "I could tell
you something really worth while, for the
half has not been said that ought to bo
about their bravery on the field of battle,
and their goodness, which is the best kind
of bravery everywhere. Let me tell you
how nobly they stood the strain of those
dreadful weeks in the trenches; how gal
lantly they fought when the chance came,
and how loyal they were to their country
and each other during all their time of
trial."
Ho will tell me all this over and over.
He never tires of sounding the praises of
"his boys," as he affectionately calls
them: but he will tell me nothing of his
own constant, encouraging and helpful
presence on the firing line, of the tour
wounds which he received there, of the
dreadful days and nights that he spent In
the smallpox and leper hospitals in Ma
nila, nursing the patients, ministering to
them in the extremity of death, laving
them out with his own hands and going
to their graves with them when all others
fled from the poor bodies which they
deemed accursed. '■•• '■: ■:■.'
He will not tell me how all his salary,
except just what he absolutely needed for
personal expenses, has gone to "his boys"
lor delicacies when they were sick or little
"present helps in time of trouble" when .
they were well. 1
"I did not believe in the war at first
myself." he Bays, "but later I saw things
differently and now there seems to be no
way but to carry it out to the end. A
government must subdue insurrection
wherever it arises or it is unworthy the
name of government.
"Did you go* to the war because you
believed this?"
The blue-gray eyes flash like sabers in
the sunshine.
"I went because I felt that my, duty lay
with these" — he throws out an all-em
bracing arm toward the tents above us.
"I went with them and 1 have br night
most of them back, praise God, and
now"—
"You will go again to your parish and
take up the work you left there?" He
shakes his head slowly.
"My work there is over," lie says, and
then a soft brightening comes to his face,
as if it were touched with the transfigur
ing glory of the sunset glow. "I am go
ing, back to Manila as soon as possible,
for I know that my mission is there.
There are nearly 2000 people in the hos
pitals down in that place and no Catholic
priest to live among them and care for
them as I feel that I ought to do. There
are plenty here to do the work I shall
leave behind."
A boyish face surmounting a khaki
jacket and shadowed by a broad-brimmed
gray felt hat obtrudes itself through
the door space.
"Mat is worse, sir," announces the new
comer, prefacing his interruption with
the military salute, which is this time as U
much an excuse as a courtesy, and the
chaplain rises quickly.
"I must ask you to excuse me. he says.
"My successor has not yet appeared in the
camp, nor will he ever, for as long as the
First California exists their chaplain be
longs to them alone." MATHESON .
" - • ■ -FLORENCE MATHESON.WAR TELEGRAPHERS TELL THRILLING STORIES.
One of the ■ Old Guard " of the :: Civil War
Operators, Stall Doing Duty, Calls Up
Some Thrilling IRemlnilsceeces
of Heroes of the Wire,
Captain George L. Kilmer.
O-f T Boston, the 15th of September,
I the pioneer operators of America
f~— l met to swap stories over the juven-
V, I lie days ( ,f the most wonderful dis-
X ccveiy of the century, the electric
telegraph. Snid one of the Old Guard of
Civil War operators still doing duty at
Western Union headquarters:
"It was a notable gathering at Boston,
and I hope I shall not be taken in a spirit
of rivalry nor boastfulness when I say
that the men of the original Military Tel
egraph Corps were the lions of the occa
sion. Why shouldn't they be? Army
heroes are having their innings i ; . mor<
and let me tell you that the lirst man 1
saw killed at the front, and I got there,
musket in hand, about as soon as the
next one, was an operator doing a .• c
of rush work out of purely voluntary en
thusiasm. The affair took place at York
town, the 4th of May. ISC2. When the
Confederates \ evacuated Yorktown a
bright Ohio boy named D. B. Lathrop and
his comrade of the corps, li. I. Smith,
followed the Federal skirmish line into
the works and dashed for the Confeder
ate telegraph office to test the wlrea
toward Richmond. The wires had be< □
cut and were dangling from the pole.
Lathrop gave a leap, landed at the base
of the pole and came down with full
force upon a percussion shell lying half
hidden by some light rubbish. The shell
exploded and was fatal.
"Yes, the war operators were the real
pioneers of the hustling methods that
put dot and uash on the skirmish line
of American progress. The principle
of telegraphy was in its infancy when
the war broke ovu forty years ago. Com
merce was conservative and not at all
given to the rapid pace of modern
There was needed a great war
with its fearful draft upon public pa
tience, popular interest and universal
ithy. Added to these, war's im
perative demand for lightning com
munications in tween armies served to
develop this wonderful system of ruling
the world's destinies as the genii rule
fairyland, by the mysterious "mieht of
magic.
"The ancients made use of swift run
r.ers or of men with phenomenal voices
to carry battle news and orders, while
Napoleon, Imitating Caesar, brought to
his aid carrier The very first
: d iii our war to come to my notice
was pr( rnatun imply a lv
men stretched acr< ss the field/— passing
me.-sac s and orders by word of mouth.
The theory of the inventor of this sys
tem doubtless was that the line could
find shelter in a ravine or uri'i- ;■ a low
I but i" lurn<I urn< d out in this
that our men were hemmed In upoo
a broad o] and the telegraphers
made betti r targei I . ■ rmed
■ . stood the oriieal
■ ly.
after this skirmish, which was
near Yorktown, May 7. 1862, iMI enlisted
men who could handle the k< y, I my
eing of that number, w< re put "to
work upon a field i- legraph, and wires
strung upon bayonets or ;
set in th-' earth, came Into use on every
battlefield. Ev< rj risk was taken iit
■ i irking as quickly as
■ tting at wires and estab
lishing a circuit was the first thought of
an opi • irmy advai
Th" br • oung La I
town, v :' the many instances
WAS A BATTLE ROYAL TO THE DEATH.
fight Between the Sea Lion and Pantbers.
THKRE hns Just taken place upon
the shore of one of the small isl
lamis of our California coast a
combat so novel in its inception, so
strangely matched as to its partlci
nTs, and so ferocious in its action, as to
Burpasa any of the spectacles ever de
signed to amuse and interest the turbu
lent and discontented populace of ancient
Rome.
It Is a strargp commentary upon human
power that this fight, which a Nero or
a Caligula would have given a fortune to
witness, took place where only the amaz
ed and almoßt unbelieving eyes of two
plain, ateady-going residents of Marin
County could behold It.
The entire magnificent exhibition of
brute agility, and cunning pitted against
brute elze and strength— of land beasts
concentrating their "lesser physical but
gro-saer mental forces against a most ior
of the same class which mi"ht be cited.
In moving through the enemy's country
the old wirrs. pn!.-s nnd offices were
looked after lirst. If they had been de
stroyed or damaged, as was often the
case, other means had to be improvised,
and the wits of the operators were equal
to the occasion. Operator Nichols of our
detachment, serving at General Stunner's
headquarters during the Seven Days' bat
tles on the peninsula, found during the
battle of Savage Station that he had but
three feel of spare wire to lay a line
twelve feet from the ground. The main
v Ire < !' the army was in constant use and
could not be grounded, although Sumner
\\;..- a;. xi. :us to communicate with his
. some miles down the line. With the
ol some commissary men Niehols
111 d cracker boxes against the pole,
d up and opened his office. It was
jusl dark aiii! it was necessary to have
a lantern to do his work. The light made
od target which the enemy shelled
briskly, but Nichols held his perch until
er ordered him down,. This daring
r at that lime was only 18.
■■ Another witty expedient was adopted
l ; Operator Fuller of General Boyle's
command during Morgan's Kentucky raid
Morgan's men captured Fuller's
outfit while he was marching toward
Columbia with Boyle's troops trying to
head off the raiders. Wh.Ti the force
reached Columbia the telegraph office was
found dismantled. General Boyle had
some urgent messages to send to distant
posts asking help for the emergency, and
threatened to shoot Fuller if he didn't get
the wires in working order. To vindicate
his good intentions— hie was a civilian em
\ loye- as well as to save his life, the un-
I'.icky operator seised the ground wire in
one hanjd and the main wire in the other,
using the ends as a key. and sent the mes
sage on its way. This was not so. difficult,
but it was necessary to get a return,
which could only be done by reading the
shocks en the wire. This he managed to
do by using the tip of his tongue as a re
ceiver.
"Sometimes more than the ordinary
nerve to be expected in an operator when
near his key was demanded by the emer
gencies of war. as was the case in the
Confederate siege of Knoxville in 1863.
Burnside was shut up in Knoxville by
treet'S . orps of Virginians, while
Grant and Sherman were hammering at
Chattanooga. As soon as Mission Ridge
fell before Grant Sherman sot out
'i \. Knoxville by forced marches.
Meanwhile a message reached Grant
to the effeel thai Burnside could not hold
out against I.( ngstreet longer than De
cember l. Sherman was to make the point
by December - and Grant, army head
quarters ami Washington were all terribly
excited over the crisis. Finally it was
arranged to wire Burnside, through the
four offices nearest Knoxville; to wait for
help until i>• ember i l . It was the dead
of night when the messages came to hand,
telegraph corps man at each office
vi with thy message secreted on his
person. All four, by book or crook, sto'e
through the hostile 'lines, and Knoxville
was saved. Army men have received med
als for services no more valuable nor dan
gerous than that midnight journey
through the Tennessee mountains.
"And operators were grit to the
'king out through the
Involved in extra hazardous
work. One of our best men in the South
west was S. L. Robinson, a cipher op
erator at the headquarters of General A.
J. Smith. Smith went on a raiding ex
pedition in ! k Mississippi in 1864, and in
to clear the country ahead of him
of Forrest's cavalry, he dispatched his
REMARKABLE INSTANCE Or PANTHERS
SWIMMING TO SEA-GIRT ROCK AND
WAGING WAR ON SEALS.
mldable water heast — was viewed by
T,»wls Johnson, a fisherman and poultry
raiser who live? alone upon Hog Island,
the BC*ne of this unprecedented battie.
and Samuel Short of Tomales, who wff£
temporarily visiting him.
From time Immemorial a large herd of
sealions haVe made a rookery of a partial
ly sheltered reef to the leeward of the
island, and Mr. Johnson has found their
noisy companionship rather pleasant, de
spite their depredations on his fishing
grounds.
Intent on doing the honors of his island
home Mr. Johnson took his guest to a
spot overlooking this reef that he might
watch the unwieldy gambols of the great
sea giants, but to his surprise he saw that
something unusual was taking place, for
the lions were all in a state of great ex
citement, the smaller and weaker ones
making clumsy haste to get from the reef
into the water, and the larger ones fol
lowing them with all the speed compati
ble with their dignity and their duty as
self-appointed protectors of those unable
to protect themselves.
One alone— the patriarch of the herd— an
enormous old fellow who had been the
hero of many battles with his own kind
and other inhabitants of the vast water
own cavalry, under the noted Grlerson, to
the front, giving the column a day's start.
One day it became necessary for Smith to
communicate a warning to Grierson. and
Robinson started out with two orderließ
for escort to overtake the advance guard.
When the party was well outside of the
friendly lines it fell into an ambush and
Robinson received the full contents of a
double-barreled shotgun loaded with slugs
and buckshot in his arms and shoulder,
also his right leg and hip. He was
stripped of his instruments and dispatches
and then sent adrift in the woods. in
spite of his wounds the brave fellow
struggled back to meet Smith's advan
cing: columns and fresh dispatches were
sent forward in time to save Grierson
from danger.
"Even under fire the operator was the
equal of any soldier, and his case was
even more trying, for he was not prepared
to light back. While Banks' army was
evacuating Winchester, pursued by
Stonewall Jackson's troops, the Federal
operator. Frank Drummond, sat at the
key until the last bluecoat was out of
sight. The Confederate yell sounded
nearer and nearer, like the baying of
hounds and from all sides came the rat
tle of musketry. Drummond had se
creted all his dispatch copies on his per
son and was detaching the instrument
from the board to keep it out of the en
emy's hands, when a belated orderly
rushed in with a message for the com
mander of the reserves at Harpers Ferry.
With one hand on the key he managed
to draw out and burn his secreted dis
patches. His horse', standing loose at the
door, began to get nervous and he
dropped the key long enough to tie the
frightened animal and give him an as
suring caress. Going back to the key
Drummond again called Harpers Ferry,
but getting no response he took out the
instrument and dashed it to pieces on the
stone pavement. The Confederates were
then firing down the streets in pursuit of
straggling or belated Federals, and Drum
mond ran the gauntlet of their bullets
only to fall into the hands of Ashby's
Confederate cavalry. A term in a war
prison was the reward this brave fellow
got for sticking to his post.
"From the Confederate side, through
one of our corps men, I have a story
scarcely paralleled in soldierly devo
tion to duty. When the Confederate
army abandoned Little Rock in 1K63
one of the military operators. David O.
Dodd. stayed behind and lived some
time in the Federal lines. He was a lad
of 17. Shortly after things had quieted
down under Federal control young
Dodd left Little Rock, ostensibly to go
to Mississippi, but in a few days he re
turned and lingered a short time in
his old haunts. A second time he passed
out of the lines unrestrained until he
reached the outposts. There the guards
searched his person and discovered BOrne
curious pencil marks in a memorandum
book carried openly in his pocket.
"The boy was detained and examined
at headquarters. The strange marks
proved to be telegraphic dots and
dashes, which, when written out, fur
nished a description of all the new Fed
eral fortifications and the distribution
of the garrison troops around Little
Rock. This information in the hands
of the enemy would be dangerous, and
the boy had forfeited his life in attempt
ing to pass the lines with it. When under
examination Dodd admitted that he had
accomplices, and was offered pardon if
he would betray them. He refused, and
even on the gallows, in spite of the ap
peals of friends and relatives, put the
temptation aside, himself signaling the
kingdom, stood his ground courageously
and watched with expectant curiosity two
sieek and .shining objects swimming rap
idly toward him from the mainland.
The slef-k and shining objects were the
•wet heads of two large panthers which
for some unknown reason had elected to
leave their usual haunts and enter Into
battle with such of the denizens of the
rookery as should have courage to stand
before them. Tt could not have been hun
ger which Inspired this strange undertak
ing, for they seemed both in the very pink
of condition. It seemed rather the mani
festation of a certain wild and fierce
Bpirit of sport— a desire to injure and
maim and kill some creature large and
strong enough to be worthy of the effort.
They were thf> aggressors from the first,
for the moment they felt the solid edge
Of the reef under them they rushed with
one accord straight at the quiet but
warily observant champion who was wait-
Ing to defend his invaded domain and
flung themselves upon his massive body.
He received • them with a • roar and a
heaving lurch which sent one of them
tumbling down toward the water again
and made the other give a rasping yell
of mingled pain and anger as- the flipper
of his Intended prey hit him square across
his blazing eyes. Even a sealion's .tough
covering Is not proof against the teeth
and claws of two * thoroughly In earnest
panthers, however, ■ and streaks :of blood
showed that the attack of the great cats
had not been * wholly ineffectual. • Again
they approached their quarry, but this
time more cautiously and from different
sides. .
The lion was prepared for their com
ing, however, and a stroke of his powerful
tail knocked one of . them tea ■ feet ' away;
THE SUNDAY CALL.
while a snap of his vicious teeth con
vinced the other that hi> had quite as
many differ< nt kinds of weapons at his
command as the Mine race own. I'nilis
mayed the panther with the most breath
left In him fastened upon one of the soa
monster's flippers and held his grip firm
ly while the tortured creature, roaring
hideously, trk'd vainly to shake him off.
Up to his full height he reared, Bwaying
from side to side like a mighty tree in Ihe
path of a tornado, and then groveling and
writhing in the blood-reddened mud be
neath him. And then the second panther
sprang upon him and a hideous discord
of snarls and yells and mighty roars arise
from the twisting, turning, rising, falling,
clawing, beating, biting mass of animal
struggle and animal agon;,- until with a
supreme effort the sealion freed himself
from his torn and battered foes and again
raised himself erect.
"Where hla flipper had been was now
but a wide and ghastly wound from
which the blood gushed with every pu!
sation of his laboring heart. He lookt d
about him dully— at the oc-^an and the
shore and the familiar Btretch of reef
and his great head sank lower and lower
Into the undulating curves of his lacerat
ed and momentarily weakening body.
He was dying and he knew it, but he
would not die unavenged. The water—
the sea-creatures' comfort In their death
hours — should be the grave of this wicked
land creature that had brought this
misery upon him. One of the panthers,
bleeding and exhausted, lay srr^iched
out of his reach; his mate — the untamed
devil of slaughter still glaring through
hiß yellow eyes crept slowly forward.
"With one last gathering together of his
fainting strength the seallon precipitated
himself upon h!« enemy, and seizins Wtn
by the throat dragged him straight f-ver
the reef and into the foam -crested
waves.
Valr. now was the defense or attack of
feline claws. Plow and tear ac they
might through the giving flesh of the sea
lion's neck and breast, the flying mon
ster knew that a little suffering more or
Jerk mattered nothing now. If he could
but hold his teeth together long enough
the water would conquer where he him
self had failed. But death came too
coon. The iron laws relaxed In a sudden
convulsive shudder that marked the Btill-
Ing of his brave heart, and the panther,
choked, blinded and half dead, swam
<e«bly to shore.
executioner to do his duty. The drop
fell carrying this brave boy operator and
his secret into eternity. My informant,
who witnessed the execution, declared
% lan the Literary World, %
THE philosopher of the drawing room
table is something the position
Robert Grant holds to his readers
in the "Searchlight Letters," and
the contemplative soul, devoted to study
ing out the reasons of things, finds on the
pages food for thought for many a day.
They are written to those in search of the
ideal, to the modern woman with social
ambitions, to a young man wishing to be
an American and to a political optimist.
and convictions are so courageously and
thoughtfully put that even he who
"agrees to disagree" finds his intentions
wavering. The reader is carried along
uneventfully for a few pages and then
suddenly hauled up with the shock of a
brand new thought— such a clever thought
at times that uncut pages would be wel
come that he might right his mental bal
ance while he reached for the paper cut
ter. "The value of the essay on ihe ideal
in life would be so difficult to explain in
review that a transcription of the epitome
that closes the chapter is the wisest
course:
"The ideal life of to-day is that which
maintains the noblest aims of the aspir
ing past, cherishing unselfishness, purity,
courage, truth, joy, existence, fineness of
sentiment and esthetic beauty; but cher
ishes these in the spirit and for the pur
poses of a broader humanity than the
melting soul has hitherto discerned in the
sunset, the ocean or the starry heavens.
There are among us men and women liv
ing In this spirit of idealism, and they,
O my correspondents! are the first class
passengers." They may be carried in few
coaches.
In the letters to the socially ambitious
woman the fourth is the best and states
the case intimately and directly. It is
something of a defense of the woman who
would be socially effective. "If every
woman," says the author, "were simply
to eat her three meals a day, sleep, be
affectionate to her family, reasonably
charitable and do her daily task the world
would lose much of its vivacity, color and
esthetic interest." The surface element
In society is recognized and dismissed as
unimportant, but one is warned against
the common error of choosing to despise
without understanding the cultivated and
Intelligent society woman who is always
a force In any community. The author's
idea of the socially effective is the woman
who can be "in touch with modern social
tendencies and yet be true to the finest
instincts of aspiring womanhood." How
many will he find to realize his ideal is the
question. But the ideal is irreproachable.
The bustling club woman (the ostenta
tious one, for there are delightful excep
tions) is shown up in all her offensive
variety and many a wholesome dose is
given in a sugar-coated pill. The modern
woman with social ambitions is pictured
a potent factor in advancing civilization,
but she is advised "to hold fast to the old
and everlasting truths of life in her strug
gle toward the stars."
The problem of undoing, rather than do
ing, faces the young man who would be
a true American, and a knotty problem it
is. But the political optimist gets the
best lesson of the four, if he will but heed
it. The revelations of "The Honorable
Peter Sterling" are mild when compared
with the doings of the people in Mr.
Grant's political drama, enacted by twelve
principals and a full-voiced chorus. A
startling paragraph reads thus: "The un
written inside history of the political
progress of many of the favorite sons of
the nation during the last forty years
would make the scale of public honor kick
the beam though it were weighted with
the cherry tree and hatchet of George
Washington. In one of our cities where a
deputation of city officials attended the
that the lad met his doom with the cool
ness of a stoic, while the spectators, chief
ly soldiers, wept like children.
"From the Southern camps comes, too,
funeral of a hero of the late war with
Spain there is a record of ?400 spent for
ice cream. Presumably .tins was a tran
script of petty thievery inartlsticaily
audited." The drama is truly a "problem
play," more difficult of solution than any
Pinero has put upon the boards.
"Searchlight Letters." by Robert Grant.
(Charles Scribner's Sons, $1 50.)
The Liora and the Unicorn
"The Lion and the Unicorn," Richard
Harding Davis' latest contribution to the
short story library, has not a dull mo
ment between its covers. Besides the title
story, there are four others of holding in
terest, conspicuously "The Man With One
Talent," "On the Fever Ship" and "The
Vagrant." Richard Harding Davis' char
acters never talk by the book, anil have
the attractive quality of numanness. To
act according to one's position is the high
est grace, and his characters invariably
do this. The title story was widely read
in magazine form, and widely enjoyed for
its originality and because it paints a
phase of bachelor girl ana the ambitious
man familiar to all. Masterful pen pic
tures. run through all the stories, and
more than one passage clutches the heart
and dims the sight.
"The Lion and the Unicorn," by Richard
Harding Dayis. (Charles Scribner's Sons,
New York, $1 25.)
The,. Department Clerk.
"The Department Clerk" aims to show
how civil service reform, a good thing in
Its right application, may lose its potency
and become an abuse. It is a warning to
keep out of departmental life, for it shows
how it unfits a man for other occupations,
and is death to ambition. Some good char
acter drawing of the heterogenous who
people the Washington boarding-house is
done, and a heart story of even interest is
told.
"The Department Clerk,"by Ivan Johns
son. (F. Tennyson Neely, New York and
Chicago.)
Literary Notes.
.The Century Company has mad© a
great success of its "Thumb-Nail" series
of books. Last year's "Poor Richard's
Almanack" had a very large sale. This
season "Rip Van Winkle and the Legend
of Sleepy Hollow," with an introduction
by Joseph Jefferson, and the "Medita
tions of Marcus Aurelius," newly trans
lated by Mr. Benjamin E. Smith, will ap
pear in the little stamped leather bind
ings which have made the series famous.
Mra. Sara Yorke Stevenson is the au
thor of the book on "Maximilian In
Mexico" which the "Century Company
will issue in a few weeks. Mrs. Steven
son spent several years in contact with
the imperial court in Mexico, from 1862
to 1867, when Napoleon 111 was trying the
disastrous experiment of establishing a
European government on American soil.
The Funk & Wagnalls Company an
nounce "The Funk & Wagnalls Standard
Encyclopedia," which will be a companion
work to "The Funk & Wagnalls Standard
Dictionary*." The same general principles
that have made "The Standard Diction
ary" so satisfactory will be followed in
the making of this encyclopedia. l£ach
class of subjects will be in charge of a
recognized expert ppeciallst— in all over
200 expert scholars will be engaged in the
preparation of the work— all treatment of
terms will be condensed to the last degree
consistent with completeness and clear
ness and every available device will be
A SERIES OF HEART
MOVING INCIDENTS
OF THE HEROISM
OF UNARMED CIV
-ILIANS WHO OF
FERED UP THEIR
LIVES FREELY TO
THEIR COUNTRY'S
BELOVED SERVICE.
the most romantic piece of dare-devil ope
rating on record. I mean the exploits of
George Ellsworth, the lightning manipu
lator whom Morgan, the great Kentucky
raider, carrier! along on his staff when
he crossed the Ohio Into Federal territory.
In 1862. Ellsworth was a clever Alabama
boy, who had mastered -all the details of
the art. He tapp"fl wires and took off
messages from Federal generals valuable
to his chief. He also answered messages
In a way to mislead the enemy and throw
the troops attempting to catch the raid
ers off their rout? of operations. The
career of George Ellsworth on that one
raid wii! make a chapter for the future
history "f old-time telegraphy. He Is still
Hvliik" In Alabama, just where Morgan
originally picked him up. and attended the
Confederate reunion at Nashville last
year, much to the surprise and joy of all
of Morgan's men, for there was a tradi
tion among the survivors that Ellsworth
fell in the famous Ohio raid of 1863, or
had died in captivity."
used to make the work easy of consulta
tion.
• • •
"The Moral Order of the World," which
has been delayed over a year owing 1 to
the* illness of the late Rev. Dr. Alexander
Balmain Bruce, was completed by him
prior to his death and will be published by
Messrs. Charles Scribner's Sons in Oc
tober. This work is a critical study of
the topic of the moral order of the unl
verse in its reality and essential nature,
as taupht by representative thinkers in
India, Persia and Greece. Chapters are
devoted also to a study of Hebrew
thought, the teaching of Jesus on the
providence of the Divine Father and to
modern optimism and dualism.
"One of Those Coincidences. " the story
that gives the title to a new volume soon
to be published by Funk & Wagnalls
Company, is a romance by Julian Haw
thorne. The leading characters are a
volunteer in the war for Cuban inde
pendence and a nurse in one of the army
hospitals. Mr. Hawthorne says there is
more fact than fancy in the narrative.
The story is illustrated by Florence
Carlyle. Contributions by other well
known writers of short stories are bound
in the volume. The book will be a 12mo,
bound in cloth, with a tasteful cover de
sign. It will sell for $1.
» • •
Music lovers will welcome a new book
treating of the great operas and the most
notable opera singers, which is to be pub
lished by Funk & Wagnalls Company
about the middle of October. The volume
is entitled "Stars of the Opera," and its
author Is Mabel Wagnalls, whose "Mis
erere" has proved so delightful a story
to those of musical tastes. The author
dedicates her book "to the many who
love music but have, no opportunity to
familiarize themselves with grand opera,
and to those who think they do not appre
ciate it. Descriptive sketches are given of
the plot and the music of "Semiramide,"
"Faust." "Werther." "Carmen," "Lohen
grin," "Aida," "The Huguenots," "The
Flying Dutchman." "Hamlet," "Lakme,"
"Pagliacci" and "Orpheus and Eurydice."
The leading opera prlma donnas, Mar
cella Sembrich. Emma Eames, Emma
Calve, Lillian Nordica. LJlli Lehman and
Nellie Melba, are introduced to the read
ers by a series of graphic personal con
versations.
Mr. James C. Derby, In a recent t del©
in the Now York Times on "Successful
Books Which Were First Rejected by
Publishers," says: "Julian Hawthorne Is
himself the authority for the statement
that 'Archibald Malmaison,' one of the
best-selling products of his pen, was re
fused by nearly all the foremost pub
lishers of Boston and New York." And
yet the book has been 30 successful that
Mr. Hawthorne haß received many ap
plications from dramatists who wish to
arrange it for the stage. A holiday edi
tion illustrated with pen and ink and
half-tones, is to be issued about October
5. It will retail for $1 50.
The J. S. Ogilvie Publishing Company
have in press a new religious novel of rare
power and interest, entitled "When Shi
low Came," by Ambrose Lester Jackson,
a new but none the less powerful and in
teresting writer. Not only is he a gifted
author, but he is also an artist of ex
traordinary merit. Six illustrations from,
his original designs will appear in the
forthcoming work.
New Books Received.
"Christian Science," by Rev. William
Short, M.A. Thomas Whlttler, New York.
Paper. Price 25c.
"My Scottish Sweetheart," by Charles
Reekie. F. Tennyson Neely. Now York
and London,
2526
tremble Seaei Society Ttbnt tnciieb
The
oF ; :
t^nj, n n m b n at « "i fca
KagaTanSSaTang
{<atTpUi°i ar !
Thai
??Shts
, the
Da^.
f
f t \HE darkest pace of the Fillpln,
I History as a people is that up
I which is Inscribed in letters of blooa
the record of the K. K. K.'s— better
known, where known at all, as the
Kattpunan, or "Union," society of
tv Philippine Islands.
Tlus organization, horn of tyranny and
fostered by persecution almost unbeliev
able, has earned for Itself In a compara
tively brief time a record so appalling aa
to ike the very fact of its existence a
menace to all who understand the true In
tent of its founding and the insidious and
fatal nature of its workings.
The Katipunan society has been for
years well nigh omnipotent in the Philip
pines as far as the affairs of the low
grade native-born people are concerned.
It has advanced men of the most obscure
origin to places of trust and prominence,
and it has stretched out an inexorable and
bloody hand and, without warning, torn
down the wealthiest and most Influential
personages from their high estate and hu
miliated them to the dust. It has com
mitted murders by the hundreds— murders
of revenge, murders of policy, and some
times, it has seemed, murders of sheer
wantonness, where human life has been
sacrificed merely to gratify a savage love
01' killing. It has planned butchery so
widespread and so devilish as to make the
simple thought of its possible realization
Bomething to fill the soul with shuddering
horror.
That it has failed to carry out Its
original intentions has been through no
weakening of its purpose, no lessening of
the fierce hatred that has burned in every
heart whose owner has taken its vows and
signed its roll.
Throughout all its career of bloodshed
and violence on* idea has 1 dominated Its
projects and movements, but the "hour
and the man" necessary to the carrying
out of that idea in Its entirety never came.
On a smaller scalo though it has made its
presence keenly felt, for to Its teachings
and machinations is due the attempted
revolution of 189G, and the present insur
rection against the United States Govern
ment..
The K. K. K. has thriven like a poison
ous weed, surrounding itself with a mi
asma of foulest crime.
However, this Is only In keeping with
precedents, for secret societies flourish
whfireyer civilization has made them de
sirable or neo'S^ary; and they are good
or bad nccoiding to the natures of the
men who compose their membership, or
the conditions surrounding them. • •
Sunny Italy has her dreaded Mafia,
Jeiegraph Stamp.
whose stiletto-claspins fingers reach out
ever, Into other lands and claim secretly
doomed but unsuspecting victims. Rus
sia's r.'ihiilsts arc a haunting terror to
her rulers and th( haughtiest and wealth
iest of her nobles. The very name of th«
organization strikes with the chill of
death on hearts that know no other fear.
The Thiisrs of India do their deadly deeds
•moved by a common impulse, emanating
from a central source- the a rpent-wiae,
Kcrpeni-wickprj henda of their murderous
ordor that live and die unknown, but axe
ob(v as swiflly, unqurrttonir.gly and as
eurely as Azrae himself. The horrible
Bceiioß of the Indian mutiny and Toua
eaint's Insurrection were made possible
by previous secret meetings, secret oaths
or.'! secret signals; and in our own coun
try the K.U Kkix Klan of the South, the
Mollie iffUires of the coal region of
Pennsylvania and Ohio, and the White
Caps of the Middle West, have all, with
Intent " rijtht seme rea! or fancied Injury,
banOod native* together by hidden
rnystcrle* and workfd in concert for some
desired end.
To this class at secret societies does the
K. K. K. ■' the Tiiilinpinps belong. But
more treacherous than Italy* Mafia, more
bold tbao}BU«W*B NihilfstH, more deadly
than IndUt'B Tbuga, d era fiendish In their
plann than Touuaa'.nt'H revengeful slaves
and England'*. S^poy mutineers, more nu
merot than all th«» sporadic law-ilefiera
that the United Btat"H ha« ever" known,
•would be If they were gathered together
under ■:;•■ leader thin Filipino organiza
tion stands alone ■ Urine exemplification
of the power of Wtong, absolute crushing
and long continued tfj chanßc man's spir
itual nature from "the Image of Clod," into
the similitude of a fiend.
In the open story of the Philippine and
In the varloua books and articles which
have been written about these Islands
fllnce they sprung Into unexpected promi
nence In the horizon of national affairs,
the Katipunan (erroneously spelled Cata
punan) society Is spoken of as being
merely a "stromr political association"—
In the days when it was
first grudgingly acknowledged
■ by the Spanish rulers of those
/ ;.i:,T"r:;iir Malaysian Islands
that this rapidly growing ami
widely extended organisation
was becoming a menacing power
of which it was necessary to take
serious account in all their calcu-
and plans for the future,
Vr-vr) member of • in- order was ~\ Io-
gal outcast. He was, in the • •stlm/i
- the Spanish, a modern Cain, ex-
n ' ;•! that he did not, bear the protecting
of God's brand upon his brow.
Proscribed, hunted and persecuted, the
heid to their belief and purposes
a tenacity that boded ill for their op-
They held their meetings, performed
rites end ceremonies, initiated new mem-
Hci!;, Invented new methods of action, inaugu-
new movements, issued new orders and
them, despite all the efforts of those in
to suppress, disperse find destroy them.
' Ousted from one place, they assembled- in another.
W When men. presumably their leaders, were captured
f and executed, other men, clothed with the same au
thority, took their places without hesitation and went
on with their self-appointed work as if net interruption
worthy of even passing notice had occurred.
The fight apainst th?m, cruel and continuous as it has been, has
been like a fight waged by mere human strength against the myrind
shadowy powers of darkness and evil.
No man, however bold and powerful he may be, can hope to conquer an
Invisible and wholly intangible opponent; one who can both see and strike
him, but whom he can neither behold nor touch
TJje Katlpunans, thoug-h visible, were as elusive and mocking as a will
o'-the-wisp. They appeared here and there as the fancy moved them — like
the ignis fatuua, proving by their very existence the presence of something
noisome and death-dealing, and leading their ill-fated pursuers into track
less morasses and deep-sunken pits where no hope of escape or rescue can
ever come. When their enemies struck they, struck back harder yet. and with
more certainty of direction aad more prudent conservation of force.
3 a 1 1 e r^^^B
VSecret in%
the Philippine lands.
rthe "strongest in the Philippines,"
in fact. But while it most as
suredly is this, its secret aims,
achievements end potentialities are
such as to secure for it a position in
its own peculiar way second to that of
no organized aggregation of oppressed,
mutinous and revengeful humanity in the
whole wide world : i:.- .'
Death was its foundation thought, its coun
tersign, its emblem, its seal,- its penalty and its
won nnn.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Since the mutiny of twenty-eight
ytars ago. wlipii the Filipino* eoldiera
made a bold but ineffectual effort to
throw off the yoke of Spanish bondage,
thl« running fight between the rulers
and the ruled has been going on.
That unsuccessful attempt atrebellion was
what is now the Katipunun Society, although
the society had no regular formation until
many years later. The failure of the soldiers'
uprising was due to lack of j*operly concerted
action, and the velue of orirnniza firm hocran gftor
Revenue Stamp.
Filipinos have long been looked upon as the rightful prey of any nationality
enterprising enough to pluck ripe and luscious fruit hanging easily within
roach. The story of the encroachments made upon them, of the injustice they
have endured, of the tyrannous dominion that has been exercised over them, is
too well known among all civilized peoples to here require repetition. The story
of the inception, crystallization, aims, growth and work of the one organization
of the Phillppineß that has directed itself— blindly and fanatically, be it granted,
but still unselfishly and unswervingly and to the death— to what its members con
sider to be the welfare of their race and of their countrymen, has never yet been
truly and fully told.
Ever since Spain took possession of the Philippines and quartered there a hand
ful of Spanish officials to rule over and keep In subjection over 7,500,000 of people,
« feeling of sullen unrest and disconten has been rife among those of the natives
that, to be dimly understood
by the nidi who were made to
suffer tortures unspeakable be-
cause of the poor judgment and
blind haate which had impelled
them to foolishly and unavailingly
betray the secrets of their hatred-
burdened h' arts before the hand of
Fate had pointed out the hour of
victory, li is wise to learn and profit
by the helpful examples even of those
who are enemies. Years afterward the
Filipinos were taught by the unronsrious^H
instruction of their foreign rosidf'nts—
hated then as now and ever— the power of
numbers bound po Inextricably together that
they can only act— lndeed, on all Important
matters, are obliged to even seem to think—
as one.
Of this new knowledge they took immediate
and sure advantage, nnd upon this foundation
they built, with hands that have never since
known faltering, the mystery-shrouded Kataas-
taasan Kagalnnggalang Katipunan— "the Most
Exalted and Honorable Union"— the widely pow-
erful and widely feared "K. K. X.," that has for 1
the past Bix years exerted a subtle but well-nigh
despotic influence in all the island affairs directly re-
lnting to their native population.
Naturally gentle, pood-tempered and non-executive, the
An
Oj«Sar|Tzat!or|
the
oF
Whrch,
RtVaT
Those
of the
Thus*
oF
Tr|dfa.
•who were able to think a little more
deeply and earnestly than their fellows,
ard to realize the conditions of the past
and the possible and probable conditions
of the future, as well as those surround
ing them amid the fleeting moments of the
present.
This feeling has, of course, had its cen
ter in Luzon, for more than half the en
tire population of the Philippines is lo
cated on this one island, and here the
cruelty and rapacity of the Spanish Gov
ernment has had widest and fullest ex
emplification.
The present-day native of the Philip
pines is a child of tyranny and oppression.
It is contended by some who claim to have
made an impartial and exhaustive study
of all the causes leading up to his present
anomalous and decidedly unpleasant situ
ation, that when the Spaniards first took
the governing reins in hand they tried
in good faith, and most earnestly, to make
Europeans out of the then^miable but
obstinately conservative Malaysians, and
failed most signally in the attempt.
The most zealous efforts of the unwel
come new-comers could not metamor
phose a Filipino into a Spaniard. Euro
pean ideas, manners and customs ap
pealed to his simple understanding neither
as being pleasing nor utilitarian. Matters
In general looked quite discouraging
enough to him when viewed from his own
natural point of observation, and he did
not care to take chances as to how a re
moval to another plane— even though it
should be a higher and broader one
might affect his now rather circumscribed
powers of vision.
Failing in these alleged efforts to bet
ter the condition of the islanders, the
Spaniards evidently decided to confine
themselves to the more pleasing task of
bettering their own. and they proceeded
to do so by preying continuously and
heartlessly upon all such unfortunate
natives as fell into their power.
They taxed the natives in every possible
way, "and often succeeded in securing, for
trivial reasons, the confiscation of lands
which were afterward made over to them,
the unhappy owners in such cases fre
quently being compelled to work their
stolen acres for the emolument of those
who had robbed them of their own. For
their wrongfully acquired farms these
aliens were accustomed to require almost
prohibitive rentals, and when crops failed,
as they too frequently do even in the
Philippines, the cattle and water buf
faloes—the chief dependence of the lower
class Filipino for labor and food— were
seized, and families thus left in abject
poverty.
Under these circumstances the spirit of
revolt grew strong in every Filipino
breast the owner of which was not either
a dotard or a craven. Where a crust
forms over hidden and ever-increasing
fires that crust must sooner or later in
evitably break and expose to the world
the raging hell beneath.
The mutiny which took place on tho
evening of the 20th of January, 187J, In
Proprietary J'tamp.
Cavlte was such a rending and the breach
then made never healed.
On that evening the native soldiers sta
tioned near this place revolted, without
having previously given any understood
sign of discontent or rebellion, and mas
sacred their officers— the men whom they
had followed, looked up to and obeyed un
til that moment— as deliberately, uncon
cernedly and mercilessly as if they had
been vagrant curs. No European who
was in or near Cavite during that night
of horror when murder, cold-blooded and
long-meditated, held dominion over the
erstwhile peaceful town, can ever forget
■while memory endures, a single dragging
moment of these awful hours.
It had been arranged among the na
tives that a simultaneous outbreak
should take place at Manila, but through
some misunderstanding or some act that
precipitated the climax the men at Ca
vite took the initiative with results most
disastrous to the cause they had bo close
at heart.
For one night they seemed to be mas
ters of the situation, but the next morn
ing the Spaniards, aroused for once out
of their usual state of arrogant indiffer
ence and haughty unconcern by the po
tentialities of this most unexpected and
surprising obstacle In the smooth and
somewhat sluggish current of their offi
cial existence, mustered force sufficient
to quell the Insurrection and restore at
least a semblance of security to their
own positions. The failure of the move
ment so long planned and hoped for
plunged the Filipinos into worse difficul
ties than they had before even dreamed
of. In Spanish eyes after that disas
trous fiasco every native was a mutineer
at heart, and no man of Filipino birth
was so humble or so Insignificant as to
escape the blighting breath of suspicion.
- Arrests were made by the wholesale.
Honest farmers who had no thought*
above or beyond their dally 'toll and the
success or failure of. tUeir crop* were
classed In the. same category and doomed
to suffer the same cruel experiences as- .
Tts
Maoris
' so
Thai
even the
to
the professed apt ta tors, the political
tri.ksters or the hffrh-hred Tagalos, who
rebel, • v, -i thmißh
thej might have too much policy and
too keen an appreciation of the insur
mountable difficulties o' the situation to
vie;,; to tlvir natural impulses. Many of
i erned in the mutiny
were taken to Blanil: . and then suffered
the death penalty at the hands of their
own whilom comrades in arms. Others
■ ealt with, as tor
ture In Its most :>k nir.in?; rind excruciat
ing form was ■:• :-.•• .1 for them I
death was allowed to end their m
A large number, after enduring torments
' unbearable, were deported, torn
from their families and tl c and
Bet adrift in the great ■ world, of
whli h th< y knew n> thing but from which
they Ignorantly f< ired everytl -
Among those who met death in Manila
during this troublous time the well-
I itlve priest
Padre Burgos, whose true piety, pure
life and gentle heart had endeared him
to all his countrymen, and had done
much to make religion seem to them the
priceless Jewel that :t really is when
there is no flaw of worldliness to be
found within it. r.'tdr<- Burgos the Fil
• always in both
their loves and I mired ■ ■
in and revej was their open
in and his un
i ■ . appreciation of it which
-■it upon him '.he suspicion of those
In authority and gave him a place in the
ranks of the condi mm d one I right morn-
Ing, when a volley of m i 'wHetf
-• d a little band and fear
.en into a mw of mangli d
ajid bit ; ses.
This execution the natives have never
either forgotten or forgiven. Tho sold ers
took th. chances of life and death in their
own hands when they enlisted; civilians
must run thf-ir risks and abide by the de
cision of faie whenever the Government
Is secretly searching for those whom It
chooses to call traitors— but for a peace
ful priest, a man of God. who lived his
religion openly and honestly every day of
his patient, kindly and unselfish life, to
die in such a way and for such a cause
was, In their opinion, nothing short of
martyrdom.
V haa they mourned him and the oth
er men whose lives had been sacrificed
vainly upon the a' T ar of their country's
they betrayed their fc-elines by no
overt a< t or word until. Bixtef-n years
lafr. Dr. Kizal founded a society known
as the "Lisa Filipino," the object of
which was openly stated to be the secur
ing of certain reforms, both social and
political.
The idea of the society wan a good one,
and the work which it projected most nec
essary, but for some apparently inexplica
ble reason it failed to attain any of tts
high aims. Its existence was brief and
Its end sudden and decided, though by no
means unexpected. Eager as the Filipi
nos were, and had been for years, to band
together for the common good, there
seemed from the first a lack of coherence
In the ill-fated "Llga," and it apparently
fell apart and disintegrated simply fmm
liability to stick together, and not be
Jfnsiama of Rank in FilmnQ Armu>
cause of any internal d'sruptlon or extra
neous shock. Dr. Kizai. who was a true
patriot at heart, was afterward shot by
the Spaniards, and for five years longer
the Filipinos waited for th< lr leaders to
find for them some outlet for the fierce
passions which smoldered night and <iay
under their calm exteriors. Meanwhile
the possibilities and desirabilities of well
managed secret I were becoming
clearly understood in the Philippines; the
mysteries of sign;-- and symbols and cere
monies and passwords, and the binding
power of oaths.
The little knot of well nigh discouraged
Filipinos who had for so many years been
vainly wonderins hoy.- to best make use
of the great mass of raw material which
lay so close at hand, and yet in its nat
ural state, was so heart-breakingly un
available, saw herein their answer and
Katipunan gadge of peath to All foreigners.
their opportunity. They would form a
great order, composed entirely of the low
er classes of the Islands, cemented into
one vast brotherhood. There is no coun
try in the world, be it known, where the
"common people," as they are called,
could not dominate and rule everything,
from hovel to palace, if they would hut
band together and stay together In spite
of threats or penalties or bribes. They
outnumber the rich and the powerful and
the highly educated everywhere; but
whatever advantage in numerical strength
they possess is moro than neutralized, as
;i general thing, by their lack of adher
ence to each other and to the principles
involved in any movement which they in
augurate.
This difficulty the Filipino leaders de
termined to overcome by the simple expe
dient of making the penalty for even the
slightest defection so severe as to render
the culprit incapable of doing further
harm, while his fate should be a grue
some warning to such of his companions
as needed a reminder as to their duties
and obligations in the premises.
Oaths taken in the presence of stern
browed men, any one of whom is not only
ready but in honor bound to avenge
their breaking by a swife, silent and dead
ly dagger thrust, are not likely to be
lightly considered.. A society in which
every man is not only the guardian of his
own vows but is guardian also of the
vows taken by every one of his fellow
members, is not apt to be a weak or eas
ily dispersed organization.
80 it was that the Kataasiaasan Kaga
langgalang Katipunan rose "out of the
depths," as it wen-, in the your 1893. The
dominant spirit in the association at that
time WU Andres Bonifacio, an intelligent
Filipino who had almost unlimited influ
ence with just that class of his country
men who were considered to be most eli
gible for membership. He labored un~
ceasingly to popularize the idea and
through his Individual efforts thousands
of Filipinos were admitted to all the de
grees of the order. To attract the r.ativc3
and encourage them he represented to his
supporters that the movement, though for
certain reasons confined as to Us active
members to those in the humbler ranks of
island life, had the hearty indorsement of
all the wealthy merchants of Manila, and
that vast stores of arms and ammunition
were being provided for the use of the
"revolutionists," as they then styled
themselves, whenever the moment came
that Buch use should promise to be efiect
ual.
Many of those who joined the K. K. K.
in those first days did so impelled by
purely patriotic motives. They saw in its
hidden but far-reaching influence the one
and only hope for future Filipino indepen
dence and prosperity, but this noble senti
ment of love for and loyalty to their
country soon became perverted into an
insensate and revengeful hatred of all
foreigners, friendly or unfriendly, of any
nationality, who had for any reason dared
to intrude upon Philippine shores.
The initial idea was to effect the simul
taneous massacre of all the Spanish
clergy and authorities in the islands, and
thus rid themselves of the presence of
that hated and tyrannous race with one
swift and revengeful stroke, but this Idea
quickly expanded until all sojourning
strangers, however innocent of harm,
were included in this sscretly written
death warrant.
TJhe oaths which were administered to
the neophyte during the ceremony of
Initiation were the most terrible that the
Filipino mind could possibly invent, and
were well calculated *o. impress \ts~U. ilii
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Postage Stamp.
ignorant mind an almost overwhelming
sense of his utter helplessness as an in
dividual entity, and his almost unlimited
power as a firmly welded part of the
mighty whole which was about to make
him its own. Five of the vows are sub
stantially as follows:
I— "I will die slowly, by the most
hideous torture, before I will divulge any
thing that I know, learn or conjecture
about this Very Exalted and Honorable
Union."
II.— "1 will execute at any cost to my
self or others, immediately, unquestion
ingly and exactly, all orders received by
me which are accompanied by 'the Sacred
and Secret Word.' "
III.— "I will cherish active and undying
hatred against all Spaniards and other
foreigners."
IV.— "When the order comes I will
personally assist to slaughter, at once
and without mercy or distinction, all
foreigners within reach of my revenge."
V.— "l will keep these oaths while my
life lasts, and should I forget or disobey
them In the least part I will expect and
most rightfully suffer the most horrible
death which my associates can devise for
and inflict upon me."
To more deeply brand up >n the brain of
the initiate the bloody purpose of the
Katipunan. and the murderous meaning
of the oaths which he had taken, there
was always on these occasions displayed
befbn bis eyes a part of their parapher
nalia consisting of a painted represcnta
tioi on a white screen or cut-tain, through
which were thrust two bare brown arms,
the hanci of one grasping by the hair a
typical European head, while the other
struck at its neck with a bloody dagger.
The motto was "Death to Foreigners,"
and the ghastly symbol expressed this,
and expressed also that all death-blows
were to be struck from behind the
sheltering veil of an all-enshrouding
secrecy.
The official banner of the society is com
posed of three broad lengthwise stripes,
one red, one white and one black; nearest
the top is a royal crown heavily em
broidered with lustrous white silk; below
this are the initials K. K. X.; next a
conventionalized picture of a flaming sun
renting just half-way above the horizon;
and beneath this again is a grisly skull
and cross-bones. The crown typifies the
height of power. The sun, peculiarly
placed as it is, can be looked upon as
either rising or setting, and symbolizes
both the end of foreign interference and
the beginning of Filipino independence.
The skull and cross-bones means death
wherever the hideous trinity appears.
AaiLis against a most strictly enforced.
law in the Philippines for any one to
carry firearms without having obtained
special permission, every member of the
Katipunan provided himself, or was pro
vided with, a bolo, or native dagger, an
ugly implement of heavy steel, not very
sharp except at the point, but a very ef
fective weapon when it comes to stab
bing and slashing at close quarters, as
both Spnnlards and Americans have found
to their cost. Equipped with this death
(ieaiing instrument the low-grade Fili
pino feels that he is a mutch for any
enemy who is brave enough to meet and
arp'.ie with him face to l'aco, or whom he
is fortunate enough to come upon sud
denly and in the darkness.
A special feature of the initiations was
the ceremony of adopting the new mem
ber into "Blood Brotherhood." A knife
of peculiar shape, with many cabalastic
figures carved on the handle, was used in
the simple surgical operation which left
the "mark of the order" on some portion
of the new-comer's body at the same time
that it made possible the blood transfu
sion, or rather commingling, which made
the "brotherhood" something never after
to be disputed or denied. The signing of
the membership roll with a mark made by
his own blood and the receiving of the
"sacred and secret word" which always
thereafter gave authenticity to any or
der received, completed the rite of ad- 1
mittance to the first degree and made the,
candidate a full-fledged member of the K.
K. K. at the same time that it, figurative
ly speaking, burned all his bridges behind
him. It must be all advance and no re
troat with him thereafter, for the signing
of the roster was the signing of his own
death warrant should the fact of his mem
bership become known to the Spanish of
llclals, who spared no effort to extermi
nate all connected with this hated so
ciety.
So complete was the necessary system
of secrecy pursued by the K. K. X.'s that
the members of one band did not know
the whereabouts of another. Even the
names of the heads of the order were un
known to those beneath them. The meet
ings were changed from place to place,
and orders came in secret from unknown
sources and were carried out blindly and
to the letter, even' though obedience
meant death to him who received the
mysterious iind inexplicable command.
The growth of the organization was
absolutely phenomenal, for, in spite of
the unceasing vigilance of the Spanish au
thorities, over 80,000 men joined it during
the llrst two years of Its existence, and In
1896 its membership had Increased to
nearly 50,000.
[Attempts were made by means of spies
Government pasted in regard
to the affairs of the Katipunan, but all
such efforts failed most disappointingly
to achieve anything of real importance.
Thp natives became aware that they were
under the inimical espionage of pretended
friends and gave them and their employ
ers a few bloody but salutary proofs of
their disinclination to submit quietly ta
treachery in any form.
It behooved every man who waa in
cluded in their "Blood Brotherhood" not
only to be scrupulously loyal to hl3 breth-
Iren in dped and word and life, but to
"appearance of
avoid even t^^RSiultibl
evil" lest a shadow of suspicion should
fall upon him and deepen into the dark
ness of death before _. he realized his
danger. . .
The principal government spy was a
man named Aguede del Rosario. He had
been very actively instrumental In the ar
rest of a number of the Katipunan mem
bers, although his part of the work had
beer done so secretly that it was some lit
tle time before bis identity became
known. As soon as his guilt was made
certain, information was purposely con
veyed to him regarding a new meeting
place of the order, and, anxious to dis
tinguish himself Ftill further in the eyes
of the officials for whom he was working,
the ill-fated man walked unsuspectingly
into the trap prepared for him. No hint
of his fate ever reached the world out
side the doors that closed behind him on
that fatal night. Whether he was stabbed
or strangled or slowly tortured into
eternity, no member of the Katipunan
who was not at that meeting ever cared
to ask, and no member who was there
ever cared to tell. It was sufficient for
them all to know that he had gone be
hind the curtain of Silence and thence
forward was powerless to harm them.
The persecutions which the K. K. X.'s
endured were not calculated to make
them love their foreign rulers more or
make them less barbarous and savage in
their own revengeful acts. They were
phot, garroted, confined in underground
dungeons which could be flooded at the
will of their jailers, tortured or starved
to death, according to the fancy of their
captors; but still, like an untamed wild
beast, they fought wildly, desperately and
Filipino &xecution by the Garrote.
■ one
oF Its
Bali's
CaptUi-^d
by an
• ■,
PeoV^S
so^ty
StrTT
th PoWs>«.
uncontrollably, and welcomed death If.
dying, they might carry with them even
one of the enemies whose living presence
made the world seem accursed.
In 1896 they reached the zenith, of their
power, although their leaders did not then
realize that fact. Had they struck then
their blow for which they had been so
long preparing the whole wor!d would
have stood aghast at the horrid spectacle
of unsparing butchery. But they hesi
tated too long and thus lost the oppor
tunity that to them was golden.
Many arrests were made in the begin
ning of that fateful year, and on the Ist
of July, at Caloocan, occurred the first
open conflict between the K. K. X.'s and
the Spanish military forces. The
Spaniards triumphed easily for the
natives were armed only with bolos and
bamboo spears. The prisoners taken by
the soldiers were confined in the citadel
of Saint Pago, where fifty-nine were suf
focated in a single night because of the
crowded condition of the dungeons, and
the vice president of the society, who
was captured in Canadaba. was bound be
tween two beards and dipped under water
until death released him from his agony,
in the vain attempt to extort from him a
confession as to the plans of the Katipu
nnn.
It was during this rebellion that Agu
inaldo first came into prominence. He
was sub-governor of Cavite Viejo and
learning that he was to be arrested on
suspicion of knowing more than he should
bout the native union aroused not only
i'is own village but San Francisco de
lalabon, Naic. Xoveleta. Imus and Silang
-> dispute Spanish power. All the officers
f the Civil Guard and all the priests in
rhis district were ruthlessly massacred at
this time, and Aguinaldo assumed the
leadership of the entire rebellion, making
his headquarters at Imus.
The great mistake which Aguinaldo
made, however, was in alienating from
himself a large majority of the native
population by ordering Bonifacio, the
founder of the Katipunan, shot at Naic
soon after he himself came into authority.
It was claimed by Aguinaldo's friends
that he disapproved of Bonifacio's blood-
thirsty methods, but the natives believed
that lie feared him as a rival. However
this may be it is certain that after his
death of the K. K. X.'s lost heart and
power. The tremendous coup d'etat which
they had planned could not be accom
plished without his direction and they felt
that the end of all their mighty and
bloody struggle was failure.
It has been thought that the once ter
rible organization was no longer a factor
in Filipino affairs— that it was only a fear
some memory and not a threatening fact.
The recent capture of one of Its most
cherished banners by an American artil
lery man at Palo a few weeks since
proves the fallacy of this idea, even if th«
"flaming sun" of the society did not ap
pear on the seal of the Filipino republic
and on all its insignia and official stamps.
The Kataastaasan Kagalanggalang
Katipunan is alive still and is directing ita
forces now toward the conquering of
Americans, who are, in their estimation,
only a little less to be abhorred than the
Spaniards were.
The problem presented Is: Given peace,
would they settle on their rescued lands,
or would they, by blood and violence, try
to build up a government of their own,
wherein the educated, refined and law
abiding Filipinos would be relegated to a
subservient position, and tyrannny, of a
different, but no less hateful, kind than
clouded those fair islands in the past,
would again hold full sway?
E. ELLSWORTH CAREY.
2728
ACTIVE
SERVICE
Copyrighted.
MURJORY WAINWBIOHT falls In love with Rufus Coleman. Sunday editor
of the - Ui Her lather, one of the mint learn»d
lion in a gre»t Eastern college, of her Intention to marry Coleman, and
In spite of the fa.t thai Coleman was at one time a favorite pupil the match
Is most bitterly opposed by him. He arranges a trip to Greece hoping to pre
ventvthe wedding. Coleman rails on Marjory for an answer to his suit. To
try his Rffectlon she treat* him coolly and announces her trip to Greece. He
misun.]er»;ands. and the result Is they say good-by In a most matter of fact
manner, but Marjory rushes in tears to her father fully convinced that Cole
man does not luve her. while Coleman noes to the club and drowns his crier
In drink. The profesaoi arranges to take sone of his students with his family
to Greece— among them a young sophomore named Coke, who has distinguished
himself In a freshman ruth and is regarded by Coleman In the light of^ a
rival. Coleman gets an appointment as war correspondent of the Eclipse for
the war in Greooe and sails via London. On the steaner he meets Nora Black,
a odebnted dancer and an old friend, who rays him marked attention.
Colemmi rather slights the attentions of the fair Nora and In turn Is him
self snubbed. He leaves London with, ut telling her g lOd-by. although she sits
near him at rapper, and frou; remirks she makes to her party he knows she
Is fond of him. In Greei c he learns that the Wainwrlght party are at Nikopolls
and In da:'i?er. bo 1 it DOlnt at i nee.
Coleman Bi roach to Nil , ir.de.] with difficulties and no
trace of the Walnwrlghts. H- : c •- a cablegram from the Eclipse to as
certain the Wh( the parti at all hazards, as their position had
already created in America.
He proceeds with a portion of the Greek cavalry toward N'ikopolis. The
Greeks hear of reverses and suddenly retreat, leaving Coleman and his drago
man to get beck the Lost way they can. Night comes on and by a uueer
chance the Walnwrights .man on the road. They are unarmed
and In a state ol i. All are in Banger of massacre by either Greek or
Turkish hillsmen and .)>• I Lkini the party to safety falls on Cole
man. The par-. , >n Ita way to Aria and meets the Greek outpost,
but learns of further dangers ahead. To the surprise of all they meet Nora
Black with a party m the road. • „ „. 
Coleman and party reach the Grecian settlement in safety. Nora BI&ck
begins to make trouble. Coleman dines alone with her and is Vterwara
accused by Coke of having ■ to her and been repulsed. A row
ensues which is Interrupted by the interference of the profewor and tne
college students. „ t
The professor and students take Coleman's part. Coke sulks and win noi
breakfast with the party. He meets Nora Black and is asked by her 10
ride In her carriage to Athens.
The valuable aggregation of Intelligence and refinement which decor
ated the Interior ot the first carriage did not hesitate over answering this
appeal. In fact, his fellow students had worried among themselves over
Coke, and their desire to see him come out of his troubles in fair condition
was Intensified by the fact that they had lately concentrated much thought
upon him. There was a somewhat comic pretense of speaking so that only
Coke could hear. Their chorus was low sung. "Oh, cheese it. Coke. Let
up on yourself, you blind ass. Wait till you get to Athens and then go
and act like a monkey. All this is no good—"
The advice which came from the carriage was all in one direction, ana
there was so much of it that the hum of voices sounded like a wind blow-
Ing through a forest. ■ , "■-■--■>■ ■■"
Coke spun suddenly and said something to Nora Black. Nora laughed
ratlif r loudly, and then the two turned squarely and the Wainwright party
contemplated what were surely at that time the two most insolent backs
in the world. .
The professor looked as If he might be going to have a tit. Mrs. WRin
wright lifted her eyes toward heaven, and Hinging out her trembling h&nds
cried: "Oh. what an outrage. What an outrage! That minx- — The
consensus of opinion In the first carnage was perfectly expressed by Peter
Tounh-y, who with a deep drawn breath said: "Well, I'm !" Mar
jory had moaned md lowered her head as from a sense of complete per
sonal .shame. Coleman lit his cigar and mounted his horse. "Well, I
suppose there is nothing fbr it but to be off, professor?" His lone was full
of regret, with a sort 01 poetic regret. For a moment the professor looked
at him blankly, and then gradually recovered part of his usual manner.
"Yes," he said sadly, "there is nothing for it but to go on." At a word
from the dragoman", the two impatient drivers spoke gutturally to their
horses and the carriage whirled out of Aria. Coleman. his dragoman and
the groom trotted in the dust from the wheels of the Wainwright car
riage. The correspondent always found his reflective faculties improved
by the constant pounding of a horse on the trot, and he was not sorry to
have now a period for reflection, as well as this artificial stimulant. As
he viewed the game he had in his hand about all the cards that were val
uable. In fact, he considered that the only ace against him was Mrs.
"Wainwright. He had always regarded her as a stupid person, conceal
ing herself behind a mass of trivialities which were all conventional, but
he thou?l.t now that the more stupid .-He was and the more conventional
in her triviality; th? more she approached to being the very ace of trumps
itself. She was just the sort, of a card that would come upon the table
mid the neat play of experts and by some inexplicable arrangement of
circumstances lose a whole game for the wrong man.
After .Mrs. Wainwright he worried over the students. He believed
them to be reasonable enough; In fact, he honored them distinctly in regard
to their powers of reason, but he knew thit people generally hated a row.
It put them off their balance, made them sweat over a lot of pros and
cons, and prevented them from thinking for a time at least only of them
selves. Then they came to resent the principals in a row. Of course the
principal who was thought to be in the wrong was the most resentful,
but Colt-man believed that, after all, people always came to resent the
other principal, or at least be Impatient and suspicious of him. If he was
a correct per«on. why was he in a row at all? The principal who had been
in the right often brought this Impatience and suspicion upon himself, no
doubt, by never letting the matter end, continuing to yawp about their
virtuous suffering, and not allowing people to return to the steady con
templation of their own affairs. As a precautionary measure he decided
to say nothing at all about the late trouble, unless some one addressed
him upon it. Even then he would be serenely laconic. He felt that he
must '.<• popular with the seven students. In the first place, it was nice
that in the presence of Marjory they should like him. and In the second
place lie feared to displease thorn as a body, because he believed that he
had some dignity. Hoodlums are seldom dangerous to other hoodlums,
but if they eaten pomposity alone In the field, pomposity is their prey.
They tear him to mere bloody ribbons, amid heartless shrieks. When
Coleman rjut himself on the same basis with the students, he could cope
with them easily, but he did not want the wild pack after him when Mar
jory could see the chase.- And so he reasoned that his best attitude was
to be one of rather taciturn serenity.
On the hard military road the hoofs of the horses made such clatter
that II was practically impossible tc hold talk between the carriages and
the horsemen without all parties bellowing. The professor however, strove
to overcome the difficulties. He was apparently undergoing a great amia
bility toward Coleman. Frequently he turned with a bright face and point-
Ing to some object in the landscape obviously tried to convey something
entertaining to Coleman's mind. Coleman could see his lips mouth the
Words. He always nodded cheerily in answer and yelled.
The road ultimately became that straight lance-handle which Coleman—
It seemed as if many years had passed— had traversed with his dragoman
end the funny little carriers. He was fixing in his mind a possible story
to the Wainwrights about the snake and his first dead Turk. But sud
denly the carriages left this road and began a circuit of the Gulf of Arta.
winding about an endless series of promontories. The journey developed
into an excess of dust whirling from a road, which half-circled the waist
of cape after cape. All dramatics were lost in the rumble of wheels and in
the click of hoofs. They passed a little soldier leading a prisoner by a
string. They passed more frightened peasants, who seemed resolved to
flee down into th« very boots of Greece. And people looked at them with
scowls, envying them their speed. At the little town from which Coleman
embarked at one stage of the upward journey, they found crowds in the
streets. There was no longer any laughter, any confidence, any vim. All
the spirit of the visible Greek nation seemed to have been knocked out of
it in two blows. But still they talked and never ceased talking. Coleman
noticed that the most curious changes had come upon them since his jour
ney to the frontier. They no longer approved of foreigners. They seemed
to blame the travelers for something which had transpired In the past
few days. It was net that they really blamed the travelers for the nation's
calamity: It was simply that their minds were half-stunned by the news
of defeats, and, not thinking for a moment to blame themselves, or even
rot thinking to attribute the defeats to mere numbers and skill, they were
savagely eager to fasten It upon something near enough at hand for the
operation of vengeance. :~-\
Coleman perceived that the dragoman, all hip former plumage gone,
was whining and sniveling as he argued to a dark-browed crowd that was
running beside the cavalcade. The groom, who always had been a mirac
ulously laconic man, was suddenly launched forth garrulously. The drivers
from their high seats palavered like madmen, driving with one hand and
gesturing with the other, explaining evidently their own great Innocence.
Coleman saw that there was trouble, but he only sat more stiffly. in
his saddle. Th« eternal gabble moved him to despise the situation. At
any rate, the travelers would soon be out of this town and on to a more
sensible region. -. • ,
However, he saw the driver of the first carriage suddenly pull up before
a little blackened coffee shop and Inn. The dragoman spurred forward and
began wild expostulation. The second carriage pulled close behind the
other. The crowd, murmuring like a Roman mob in Nero's time, closed
around them.
CHAPTER XXI.
Coleman wished his horse coolly through to the dragoman's side.
"What is itr^ he demanded. The dragoman was broken-voiced. "These
peoples, they say you are Germans, all Germans, and they are angry,"
he walled. I can do nosslng— nosslng."
"Well, tell these men to drive on," said Coleman, "tell them they must
dlry* on."
"They will not drive on," walled the dragoman still more loudly. "I
can do nosslng. They say here is a place for feed the horse. It Is the cus
tom and they will note drive on."
"Make them drive on."
"They will note." shrieked the 1 agonized servitor.
Coleman looked from the men waving their arms and chattering on the
box-seats to the men of the crowd who also waved their arms and chat
tered. In this throng far to the rear of the fighting armies there did not
seem to be a single man who was not able-bodied, who had not been free
to enlist as a soldier. They were of that scurvy behind-the-rear-guard
which every nation has In degree proportionate to Its worth. The man
hood of Greece had gone to the frontier, leaving at home this rabble of
talkers, most of whom were armed with rifles for mere pretension. Cole
man loathed them to the end of his foul. He thought them a lot of infants
who would like to prove their courage upon eleven Innocent travelers,
nil hut unarmed, and In this fact he was quick to see a great danger to
the Walnwrie-ht party. One could deal with soldiers; soldiers would have
been ashamed to bait helpless people; but this rabble
The fighting blood of the correspondent began to boll and he really
longed for the privilege to run amuck through the multitude. But a look
at the Wainwrights kept him in his senses, The professor had turned
pale as a dead man. He sat very stiff and still while his wife clung to
him. hysterically beseeching him to do something, do something, although
what he was to do she could not have oven imagined.
• ■ man took the dilemma by its beard. He dismounted from his horse
into the depths of the crowd and addressed the W^nwrights. "I suppose
we had bettervro into this place and have some coffee while the men feed
their horses. There is no us« In trying to make them go on." His manner
was fairly casual, but they looked at him In glazed horror. "It is the only
thing to do. This crowd is not nearly so bad as they think they are. But
we've got to look as If we felt confident." He himself had no confidence
•with this angry buzz In his ears, but he felt certain that the only correct
move was to get everybody as quickly as possible within the shelter of
the inn. It might not be much of a shelter for them, but it was better than
the carriages In the street.
The professor and Mrs. Wainwright seemed to be considering their
carriage as a castle, and they looked as If their terror had made them
physically Incapable of leaving it. Coleman stood waiting. Behind him
the clapper-tongued crowd was moving ominously. Marjory arose and
stepped calmly down to him.
He thrilled to the end of every nerve. It was as if she had said: "I
don't think there is great danger, but if there is great danger, why
• • here I am • • ready • * with you." It conceded everything,
admitted everything. It- was surrender .without a blush and It
■...■•• ■ ■ .• < --...
s * 3l^yri|]E:i»*tEM Crane «
[Continued.]
A-as only possible in the shadow of the crisis when they did
not know what the next moments might contain for them. As he took
her hand and she stepped past him he whispered swiftly and fiercely in
her ear "I love you." She did not look up, but he felt that in this quick
lncfdont they- had claimed each other, accepted each other with a far
deeper meaning and understanding than could be possible in a mere draw
ing room She laid her hand on his arm, and with the strength of four
men he twisted his horse into the making of furious prancing side steps
toward the door of th<- Inn, clanking side-steps which mowed a wide lane
through the crowd for Marjory, his Marjory. He was as haughty as a now
German lieutenant, and although he hold the fuming horse with only his
left hand he seemed perfectly capable of hurling the animal over a house
withoul calling into service the arm which was devoted to Marjory.
[1 was not an txhibiti' 11 of coolness such as wins applause on the stage
when tne h< ro placidly light* a cigarette before the mob which is clamor
ing for hia death It \va:«. en the contrary, an exhibtlon of downright classic
disdain.' a disdain which with the highest arrogance declared itself in
every glance of his eye into the faces about him. "Very good * * attack
me if you like • * there is nothing to prevent it * • you mongrels."
Every step of his progress was made a renewed Insult to them. The very
air Was charged with what this lone man was thinking of this threatening
His audacity was invincible. They actually made way for it as quickly
as children cijuld flop from a ghost. The horse dancing with ringing steps,
with his glistening neck arched toward the iron hand at his bit. this power
ful quivering animal was a regular engine of destruction, and they gave
room until Coleman halted him at an exclamation from Marjory. "My
mother and father." But they were coming close behind and Coleman
resumed this contemptuous journey to the door of the inn. The groom,
with his newborn tongue, was clattering there to tbe populace. Coleman
"Suddenly he whipped a rifle out of tb« hands of a man and swung it, whistling."
gave him the horse and passed after the Wainwrights into the public room
of the Inn. He was smiling. What simpletons.
A new actor suddenly appeared in the person of the keeper of the inn.
He, too, had a rifle and a prodigious belt of cartridges, but it was plain
at unct thut he hud elected to De a friend of the worried travelers. A
large part of the crowd were thinking it necessary to enter the inn and
dow-wow more. But the Innkeeper stayed at the di.ur with the dragoman
and together they vociferously held back the tide.. The spirit of the mob
had subsided to v more reasonable feeling. They no longer wished to tear
tii.' strangers Umb from limb on ths suspicion that they were Germans.
They now were frnntic to talk as .1 some Inexorable law hail kept them
silent lor ten years and this was the very moment of their release.
Whereas, their simultaneous and interpolating orations had throughout
made noise much like a coal-breaker.
Coleman had led the Wainwrights to a table in a far part of the room.
They took chairs as if he had commanded them. "What an outrage," he
said' jubilantly. "The apes." He was keeping more than half an eye upon
the door, because he knew that the quick coming of the students was im
portant.
Then suddenly the storm broke in wrath. Something had happened in
the street. The jabbering crowd at the door had turned and were hurrying
upon some central tumult. The dragoman screamed to Coleman. Coleman
jumped and grabbed the dragoman. "Tell this man to take them some
where upstairs," he cried, indicating the Wainwrights with a sweep of
his arm. The innkeeper seemed to understand sooner than the dragoman
and he nodded eagerly. The professor was crying: "What is it, .Mr. Ccrte
man? What is it?" An instant later the correspondent was out in the
Street, buffeting toward a scuffle. Of course it was the students. It ap
peared, afterward, that those seven young men, with their feelings much
ruffled, had been making the best of their way toward the door of the
inn, when a large man in the crowd, during a speech which was surely
most offensive, had laid an arresting hand on the shoulder of Peter Toun
ley. Whereupon the excellent Peter Tounley had hit the large man on
the jaw in such a swift and skillful manner that the large man had gone
spinning through a group of his countrymen to the hard earth, where
he lay holding his face together and howling. Instantly, of course, there
had been a riot. It might well be said thut even then the affair could
have ended in a lot of talking, hut in the first place the students did not
talk modern Greek, and in the second place they were now past all thought
of talking. They regarded this affair Berlously as a fight, and now that
they at last were in it. they were in It for every pint of blood in their
bodies. Such a pack of famished wolves had never before been let loos©
upon men armed with Gras rifles.
They all had been expecting the row, and when Peter Tounley had
found it expedient to knock over the man, they had counted It a signal;
their arms immediately began to swing out as if they had been wound up.
It was at this time that Coleman swam brutally through the Greeks and
joined hla countrymen. He was more frightened than any of those nov
ices. When he say Peter Tounley overthrow a dreadful-looking brigand
whose belt was full of knives, and who crashed to the ground amid a clang
of cartridges, he was appalled by the utter simplicity with which the lads
were treating the crisis. It was to them no common scrimmage at
Vashurst, of course, but it flashed through Coleman's mind that they hnd
not the slightest sense of the flze of the ring. He expected every instant
to see the flash of knives or to hear the deafening intonation of a rifle
fired against his ear. It seemed to him miraculous that the tragedy was
so long delayed.
In the meantime he was in tho affair. He jolted one man under the
chin with his elbow In a way that reeled him off from Peter Tounley's
hack; a little person in checked clothes he smote between the eyes; he
received a gun-butt emphatically on the side of tho neck; he felt hands
tearing at him; he kicked the pins out from under three men in rapid
< I!'- -ess-ion. He was always jelling "Try to get tv the inn, boys, try to
get to the inn. Look out. Peter. Take care for his knife, Peter " Sud
denly he whipped a rifle out of the hands of a man and swung it, whist
ling. He had gone stark mad with the others.
The boy Billle. drunk from some blow 3 and bleeding, was already stag
gering toward the inn over the clearage which the wild Coleman made
with the clubbed rifle. The others followed as well as they might while
beating off a discouraged enemy. The remarkable Innkeeper had barred
his windows with strong wood 3hutters. He held the door hy the crack
for tbym, and they stumbled one by one through the portal. Coleman did
not know why they were not all dead, nor did he understand the intrepid
and generous behavior of the Innkeeper, but at any rate he felt that the
fighting was suspended, and he wanted to see Marjory. The innkeeper
w.-ip doing a great pantomime In the middle of the darkened room, point
ing to the outer door and then aiming his rifle at it to explain his inten
tion of defending them at all costs. Some of the students moved to a
billiard table and spread themselves wearily upon it. Others sank down
where they stood. Outside the crowd was beginning to roar. Coleman's
groom crept out from under the little coffee bar and comically saluted his
master. The dragoman was not present. Coleman felt that "he must, see
Marjory, and he made signs to the Innkeeper. The latter understood
quickly, and motioned that Coleman should follow him. They passed to
gether through a dark hall and up a darker stairway, whereafter Coleman
stepped out into a sun-lit room, saying loudly: "Oh, it's all right. It's all
over. Don't worry."
Three wild people were instantly upon him. "Oh, what was It? What
did happen? Is anybody hurt? Oh, tell us, quick!" It seemed at the time
that it was an avalanche of three <?f them, and it was not until later that
THE SUNDAY CALL.
he recognized that Mrs. Wainwright had tumbled the largest number of
questions upon him. As for Marjory, she had said nothing until tne > l'"\<?
■when she cried: "Oh— he is bleeding— he is bleeding. Oh, come, Q. U J^-
Sho fairly dragged him out of one room into another room, wnere w «=i
was a jug of water. She wet her handkerchief and softly "nore "',
wounds. "Bruises." she said, piteously, tearfully. "Bruises. v"i,u "i, "-on
How they must hurt you." The handkerchief was soon stamed cr > ms ""-
When Coleman spoke his voice quavered. "It isn't anything, ««;"•".* •
it Isn't anything." He had not known of these wonderful wounds > dvi u«
almost choked In the joy of Marjory's ministry and her half -coherent,
exclamations. This proud and beautiful girl, this superlative creaiuic.
was reddening her handkerchief with his blood, and no word of ws cu "'"
have prevented her from thus attending him. He could hear the proiesMJi
and Mrs. Wainwright fussing near him trying to be of use. "£7 "".'."
have liked to have been able to order them out of the room, aiarju. o
cool fingers on his face and neck had conjured within him a vision 01*"
intimacy that was even sweeter than anything which he had im *=^r_ h '
and he longed to pour out to her the bubbling, impassioned s P£ ecn ;^ "' , rt
came to his lips. But, always doddering behind him, were the two 010.
people, strenuous to be of help to him. . .... >,i nn ;i
Suddenly a door opened and a youth appeared, simply red W J™.? o,Vn'
It was Peter Tounley. His first remark was cheerful. "Well, I don t suy
pose those people will be any too quick to look for more trouble.
Coleman felt a swift pang because he had forgotten to announce iiie
dilapidated state of all the students. He had been so submerged oy ™* l _:
lory's tenderness that all else had been drowned from his mind, tvs "«;*'
beat quickly as he waited for Marjory to leave him and rush to .reusi
° ÜButU But y she did nothing of the sort. "Oh, Peter," she cried in distress, and
then she turned back to Coleman. It was the professor and Mrs. **aiii
wright who, at last finding a field for their kindly ambitions, flung tnem
selves upon Tounley and carried him off to another place, i-'eter «» a
removed, crying: "Oh, now look here, professor, I'm not dying or an>-
Coleman and Marjory were left alone. He suddenly and f orcibly t°°*
one of her hands and the blood-stained handkerchief dropped to tne noor.
CHAPTER XXIII.
From below they could hear the thunder of weapons and fists upon the
door of the inn amid a great clamor of tongues. Sometimes there arose
the argumentative howl of the innkeeper. Above this roar Coleman s
quick words sounded in Marjory's ear. "I've got to go. I've got to go
back' to the boys, but— l love you."
"Yes, go, go," she whispered hastily. "You should be there, out
come back." . 
He held her close to him. "But you are mine, remember, he saia
fiercely and sternly. "You are mme — forever— as I am yours— remember.
Her eyes half closed. She made intensely solemn answer. "Yes." He
released her and was gone.
In the glooming coffee room of the inn he found the students, the drago
man the groom and the innkeeper armed with a motley collection of
weapons w'l'ich ranged from the rifle of the innkeeper to the table leg in
the hands of Peter Tounley. The last named young student of archaeology
was in a position of temporary leadership and holding a great pow-w:ow
with the innkeeper through the medium of piercing outcries by the drago
man Coleman had not vet understood why none of them had been neither
stabbed or shot In the fight in the street, but it seemed to him now that
nff.-iics were leading toward a crisis of tragedy. He thought of the possi
bilities of having the dragoman so to an upper window and harangue
the people, but he saw no chance of success in such a plan. He saw that
the crowd would merely howl at the dragoman while the dragoman
howled at the crowd. He then asked if there was any other exit from
the inn by which they could secretly escape. He learned that the door
into the coffee room was the only door which pierced the four great walls.
All he could then do was to find out fgrom the innkeeper how much of a
siege the place could stand, and to this the innkeeper answered volubly
ana with smiles that this hostelry would easily endure until the mercurial
temper of the crowd had darted off in a new direction, it may be curious
to note here that all of J'eier Tounley'fl Impassioned communication with
the innkeeper had been devoted to an endeavor to learn what in the devil
was the matter with those people, as a man about to be bitten by poison
ous snakes shtuhi, first of ail, furiously insist upon learning their exact
species before deciding upon ether his route if he intended to run away or
bis weapon if be intended to light them. '
The lnnkeep< r was evidently convinced that his house would withstand
the rave of the populace, and lie was such an unaccountably gallant little
chap that Coleman trusted entirely to his worcL His only fear or suspi
cion was an occasional out; as to the purity of the dragoman's translation.
Suddenly there was half a silence on the mob without the door. It is
Inconceivable that it could become altogether silent, but it was as near
to a rational stillness of tongues as it was able. Then there was a loud
knocking by ;■ single list ana a new wolce began t<. spin Greek, a voice
thai was somewhat like the rattle w. pebbles in a tin box. Then a start
ling voice called out in English. "Are you in there, Rufus?"
Answera came from every Knglish speaking person in the room in one
treat outburst. "Yes."
"Well, let us in," called Nora Black. "It's all right. We've got an
officer with us." „ „,, x , , , , .
"Open the door," said Coleman with speed. The little innkeeper laborl
ously unfastened the groat bir£, and when the door finally opened there
appeared on the threshold Nora Black with Coke and an officer of infan
try Nora's little old companion and Nora's dragoman. "We saw your car
riage in th- 1 street," cried the queen- of comic opera as she swept into the
room She was beaming with delight. "What is all the row anyway?
O-o-oh, look at that student's nose. Who hit him? And look at Rufus.
What have you boys been doing?"
Her little Greek officer of infantry had stopped the mob from flowing
into the room Coleman looked toward the door at times with some; anx
iety. Nora, noting it, waved her hand in careless reassurance. "Oh, it's
all right Don't worry about them any more. He is perfectly devoted to
me He would die there on the threshold if I told him it would please me.
Speaks splendid French. I found him limping along the road and gave
him a life. And now do hurry up and tell me exactly what happened?"
They all told what had happened, while Nora and Coke listened agape.
Coke, by the way, had quite floated back to his old position with the stu
dents. It had been easy in the stress of excitement and wonder. Nobody
had any time to think of the excessively remote incidents of the early
morning. All minor interests were lost in the marvel of the present
"Who landed you In the eye, Billie?" asked the awed Coke. "That was
a bad one."
"Oh, I don't know,'" said Billie. "You really couldn't tell who hit you,
you know. It was a football rush. They had guns and knives, but they
didn't use 'em. I don't know why. Jinks! I'm getting pretty stiff. My
face feels as if it were made of tin. Did they give you people a row too?"
"No, only talk. That little officer managed them. Outtalked them, I
suppose. Hear him buzz, now."
The Wainw rights came downstairs. Nora Black went confidently for
ward to meet them. "You've added one more to your list of rescuers,"
she cri j d with her glowing triumphant smile. "Miss Black of the New
York Daylight— at your service. How in the world do you manage to get
yourselves into such dreadful scrapes? You are the most remarkable
people. You need a guardian. Why. you might have beep killed. How
exciting it must scorn to be regularly of your party." She had shaken cor
dially one of Mrs. Wainwright's hands without that lady indicating assent
to the proceeding, but Mrs. Wainwright had not felt repulsion. In fact,
she had had no emotion springing directly from it. Here again the marvel
of the situation came to deny Mrs. Wainwright the right to resume a state
of mind which had been so painfully interesting to her a few hours earlier.
The professor. Coleman and all the students were talking together.
Coke had addressed Coleman civilly and Coleman had made a civil reply.
Peace was upon them.
Nora slipped her arm lovingly through Marjory's arm. "That Rufus!
Oh. that Rufus." she cried joyously. "I'll give him ?T good scolding as
soon as I see him alone. I might have foreseen that he would get you all
into trouble. The old stupid!"
Marjory did not appear to resent anything. "Oh, I don't think it was
Mr. Ooleman"ti fault at all," sh» answered calmly. "I think it was more
the fault of Peter Tounley, poor' boy."
"Well. I'd be glad to believe it, I'd be glad to believe it," said Nora.
"I want Rufus to keep out of that sort of thing, but he is so hot-headed
and foolish." If she had pointed out her proprietary stamp on Coleman's
cheek she could not have conveyed what she wanted with more clearness.
"Oh." saM the impassive Marjory, "I don't think you need have any
doubt as to whose fault it was. if there were any of our boys at fault. Mr.
Coleman was inside when the fighting commenced, and only ran out to
help the boys. He had just brought us safely through the mob, and, far
from being hot-hended and foolish, he was utterly cool In manner, im
pressively cool, I thought. I am glad to be able to reassure you on these
points, for I see that they worry you."
"Yes, they do worry me." said Nora, densely. "They worry me night
and day when he is away from me." • •
"Oh," responded Marjory, "I have never thought of Mr. Coleman as a
man that one vn«M worry about much. We consider him very self-re
liant, able to take care of himself under almost any conditions, but, then.
of course we do not know him at all In the way that you know him. I
should think that you would find that he came off rather better than you
expected from most of his difficulties. But then, of course, as I said, you
know him so much better than we do." Her easy indifference wag a tacit
1 now^hTro'u/h^alertfglanced keenly into the other girt", face.
but it was inscrutable. The actress had intended to go careering through
a whole circle of daring illusions to an intimacy with Coleman, but here.
before she had really developed her attack, Marjory, with a few con
ventiona and indifferent sentences, almost expressive of boredom had
made the subject of Coleman impossible. An effect was left upon .\ora',
mind that Marjory had been extremely polite in listening to mUch ner ™u 3
talk^bout a person d om s e dld not know how it had all been done.
Where was the head of this thing? And where was the tail .< A fog
had mysteriously come upon all her brilliant prospects of seeing Marjory
WaWright suffer, and this fog was the Product of a, kin. of i,, , Kl c with
which she was not familiar. She could not think how to fight it After
being simply dubious throughout a long pause, she in the end -went into a
great rage.- She glared furiously at Marjory, dropped her arm as if it had
burned her and moved down upon Coleman. She must have reflected that
at any rate she could make him wriggle. When she was come near to
him she called out "Rufus!" In her tone was all the old insolent statement
of ownership. Coleman might have been a poodle. She knew how to call
his name In a way that was nothing less than a public scandal On tnU
occasion everybody looked at him and then went silent, as people await
ing the startling denouement of a drama, "Rufus! She was baring- hi 3
shoulder to show the fleur de 11s of the criminal The students gasped.
Coleman's temper was, if one be allowed to speak in that way,
broken loose inside of him. He could hardly breathe; he felt that hs „-„-,
was about to explode Into a thousand fragments. He "mplJ^ s f ar '^ ."u:
••What?" Almost at once he saw that she had at last goaded . him : :i ; 0
making a serious tactical mistake. It must be admitted that it la uuly
when the relations between a. man and a woman are the relations of wed
lock or at least an intimate resemblance to it. that the man snarls out
"What?" to the woman. Mere lovers say "I beg your pardon It is only
Cupid's finished/ product" that spits like a cat. Nora Black had called hira
like a wife and he had answered like a husband. For his cause, his m - M
ner could not possiWy have been worse. He saw the professor stare at
him in surprise and alarm and felt the excitement of the eight students.
These latter were diabolic in the celerity with which they picked ,
meanings. It ( was as plain to them as if Nora Black had said: "He, i 3
my Col°eman "would have given his nose to have been able to recall that
single reverberat ng word But he saw that the scene was spelling down
fan for him and hi went still more blind and desperate of it. His d.spair
made him burn to make matters worse. He did not want ..to improve any
*"&£ a wL "What"" he demanded, "what do you ■want.' carria ge .
Nora was sweetly reproachful. "I left my jacket in the carriage, and
I^(vefl° U ge\%ffor t vourTeTf"doyou.e6? Get It for yourself."
Now it is plainly to be seen that no one of the people listening th?ra
had ever heard a man speak thus to a woman who was not his
Whenever they had heard that spirited form of repartee it had com© fr^ra
the lips of a husband. Coleman's rude speech was to their ears a flat an
nouncement of an extraordinary intimacy between Black and th*
correspondent. Any other interpretation would not have occurred to them
It was so palpable that it greatly distressed them with its arrogance a: i
boldness The professor had blushed. The very milkiest word In his mind
at Nora^ia^kVad'w^ni^rfat^battle. It was her Aglncourt. She had
beaten the clever Coleman In a way that had left little of him but ra«»
However she could have lost it all again if she haa shown her feeling or
elation. At Coleman's rudeness her manner Indicated a mixture of ead
nesss and embarrassment. Her suffering was so plain to the eye that
Peter Tounley was instantly moved. "Can't I ret your jacket for you. MJm
Black?" he asked hastily, and at her gratefulnod he was off at once.
Coleman was resolved to improve nothing. His overthrow seemed to
him to be so complete that he could not in any way mend it without a.
sacrifice of his dearest prides. He turned away from them all and walked
to an isolated corner of the room. He would abide no longer with them.
He had been made an outcast by Nora Black and he Intended to be an
outcast. There Was no sense in attempting to stem* this extraordinary
deluge. It was better to acquiesce. . n *w ,^ v
Then suddenly he was angry at Marjory. He did not exactly see why
he was angry at Marjory, but he was angry at her nevertheless. He
thought of how he could revenge himself upon her. He decided to take
horse with his groom and dragoman and proceed forthwith on th© road,
leaving the jumble as it stood. This would pain Marjory, anyhow, h*
hoped. She would feel it deeply, he hoped.
Acting upon this plan he went to the professor. "Well, of course you
are all right now, professor, and If you don't mind I would like to leave
you— go on ahead. I've got a considerable pressure of business on my
mind, and I think I should hurry on to Athens, if you don mind.
- The professor did not seem to know what to say. "Of course, If you
wish sorry, I'm sure— course it is as you please— but you have been
such a power in our favor— it seems too bad to lose you— but— if you wish
"Oh, yes, I quite insist," said Coleman, calmly. "I quite Insist. Mais
your mind easy on that score, professor. I insist."
"Well, Mr. Coleman." stammered the old man. "Well, It seems a great
pity to lose you— you have been such a power in our favor—"
"Oh, you are now only eight hours from the railroad. It is very easy.
You would not need my assistance, even if it were a benefit."
"But—" said the professor. ■■■:>" ■'--)■ rn _
Coleman's dragoman came to him then and said: 'There Is one man
V.ere who says you made to take one rifle in the fight and was break his
head. He was 'say he want sunthing for you was break his head. He
says hurt."
."How much does he want?" asked Coleman impatiently.
"The dragoman wrestled then evidently with a desire to protect this
mine from outside fingers. "I— l think two gold piece plenty."
"Take them," said Coleman. It seemed to him preposterous that this
Idiot with a broken head should interpolate upon his tragedy. '.'After
ward you and the groom get the three horses and we will start for Athens
at once."
"For Athens?. At once?" said Marjory's voice in his ear.
CHAPTER XXIV.
"Oh," said Coleman. "I was thinking of starting." •
'.'Why?" asked Marjory unconcernedly.
Coleman shot her a quick glance. "I believe my period of usefulness
is quite ended," he said, with just a small betrayal of bitter feeling.
"It is certainly true that you have had a remarkable period of useful
ness to us," said Marjory with a slow smile, "but if it is ended you should
not run away from us."
Coleman looked at her to see what she could mean. From many
women these words would have been equal under the circumstances to a
command to stay, but he felt that none might know what impulses moved
the mind behind that beautiful mask. In his misery he thought to hurt
her into an expression of feeling by a rough speech. "I'm so In love with
Nora Black, you know, that I have to be very careful of myself."
"Oh." said Marjory, "I never thought of that. I should think you
would have to be careful of yourself." She did not seem moved in any
way. Coleman despaired of finding her weak spot. She was adamantine,
this girl. He searched his mind for something to say which would be still
more gross than his last outbreak, but when he felt that he was about to
hit upon it. the professor interrupted with an agitated speech to Marjory.
"You had better go to your mother, my child, and see that you are all
ready to leave here as soon as the carriages come up."
"We have absolutely nothing to make ready," said Marjory, laughing.
"But I'll go and see if mother needs anything before we start that I can
gel for her." She went away without bidding good-by to. Coleman. The
sole maddening impression to him was that his going had not been of suf
ficient Importance to remain longer than a moment upon her mind. At the
same time he decided that he would go, irretrievably go.
Even then the dragoman entered the room. "We will pack everything
upon the horse?"
"Everything— yes."
Peter Tounley came afterward. "You are not going to bolt?"
"Yes, I'm off," answered Coleman.' recovering himself for Peter's
benefit. "See you in Athens, probably."
Presently the dragoman announced the readiness of the horses. Cole
man shook hands with the students and the professor amid cries of sur
prise and polite regret. "What? Going, old man? Really? What for?
Oh, wait for us. We're off in a few minutes. Sorry as the devil, old boy,
to see you go." He accepted their protestations with a- somewhat sour
face. He knew perfectly well that they were thinking of his departure as
something that related to Nora Black. At the last he bowed to the ladies
as a collection. Marjory's answering bow was affable; the bow of Mrs.
Wainwright spoke a resentment for something, and ' Nora's bow was
triumphant mockery. As he swung into the saddle an idea struck him
with overwhelming force. The idea was that he was a fool. He was a
colossal imbecile. He touched the spur to his horse and the animal leaped
superbly, making the Greeks hasten for safety in ail directions. He was
off; he could no more return to retract his devious idiocy than he could
make his horse fly to Athens. What was done was done. He could not
mend it. And he felt like a man that had broken his own heart; per
versely, childishly, stupidly broken his own heart.
He was sure that Marjory was lost to him. No man could be degraded
so publicly and resent it so crudely and still retain a Marjory. In his
abasement from his defeat at the hands of Norah Black he had performed
every imaginable blockheadish act and had finally climaxed it all by a de
parture which left the tongue of Nora to speak unmolested into the ear of
Marjory. Nora's victory had been a serious blow to his fortunes, but it
had not been so serious as his own subsequent folly. - He had generously
muddled his own affairs until he could read nothing out of them but de
spair. ' ..
He was in the mood for hatred. He hated many people. Nora Black
was the principal item, but he did not hesitate to detest the professor,
Mrs. Wainwright, Coke and all the students. As for Marjory, he would
revenge himself upon her. She had done nothing that he defined clearly,
but,- at any rate, he would take revenge for it. As much as was possible
he would make her suffer. •. He would convince her that he was a tre
mendous and inexorable person. But it came upon his mind that he was
powerless in all ways. If he -hated many people they probably would not
be even interested in his emotion, and as for his revenge upon Marjory
it was beyond his strength. He was but the complaining victim of Nora
Black and himself.
He felt that he would never again see Marjory, and while feeling it
he began to plan his attitude when next they met. He would be very cold
and reserved. .
At Agrinipn he round that there would be no train until the next day
break. The dragoman was excessively annoyed over It but Coleman did
not scold at all. As a matter of fact his heart had given a great joyous
bound. He could not now prevent his being overtaken. They were only a
few leagues away, and while he was waiting for the train they would
easily cover this distance. If anybody expressed surprise at seeing him
he could exhibit the logical reasons.
If there had been a train starting at one* he would have taken It. His
pride would have put up with no subterfuge. If the Walnwrights over
took htm it was because he could not held It. But he was delighted that
he could not help it. There had been an interposition by some specially
beneficent fate. He felt like whistling. Ho spent the early part of the
night in blissful smoke, striding the room which the dragoman had found
for him. His head was full of plans and detached impressive scenes in
which he figured before Marjory. The simple fact that there/ was no train
away from Agrinion until the next daybreak had wrought a stupendous
change in his outlook. He unhesitatingly considered It an omen or a good
future.
He was up before the darkness even contained presage of coming light,
but near the railway station was a little hut where coffee was being served
to several prospective travelers who had come even earlier to the rendez
vous. There was no evidence of the Wainwrights.
Coleman sat In the hut and listened for the rumble of wheels. He was
suddenly, appalled that the Wainwrights were going to miss the train.
Perhaps they had decided against traveling during the night. Perhaps
this thing and perhaps that thing. The morning was very cold. Closely
muffled in his coat he went to the door and stared at where the road was
whitening out of night. At the station stood a little spectral train and the
engine at intervals emitted a long, piercing scream which informed the
echoing land that, in all probability, it was going to start after a time for
the south. The Greeks in the coffee room were, of course, talking.
At last Coleman did hear the sound of hoofs and wheels. The three
carriages swept up in grand procession. • Tho first was laden with students;
in the second was the professor, the Greek officer, Nora Black's old lady
and other persons, all looking marvelously unimportant and shelved. It
was the third carriage at which Coleman stared. At first he thought the
dim light deceived his vision, but in a moment he knew that his first leap
ing conception of the arrangement of the people in this vehicle had been
perfectly ■ correct. Nora Black and Mrs. Wainwrieht sat side by side on,
the back seat, while facing them were Coke and Marjory.
. . They looked cold but intimate. •
The Oddity of the grouping stupefied Coleman. It was anarchy, naked
and unashamed. He could not Imagine how such changes could have been
consummated in the short time he had been away from them, but he laid
it all. to some startling ■ necromancy on the part of Nora Black some
wondrous play which had captured them all because of its surpassing
skill and because they were, in the main, rather gullible people. He-was
wrong. The magic had been wrought by the unaided foolishness of Mrs
Wainwright. As soon as Nora Black had. succeeded in creating an effect
of intimacy and dependence between herself and Coleman, the Drofe^nr
had flatly stated to his wife that the presence of Nora Black in the nartv
in the inn, in the world, was a thing that did not meet his approval in any
way. She should be abolished. As for Coleman, he would not rtpfonrt wlir
He preferred not to talk of him. It made him sad. Coleman at least
been very Indiscreet, very indiscreet.- It was a great pity. But as 'for thi'q
blatant woman, the sooner they rid themselves of her, the sooner he would
el that all the world was not evil. Ci . "19 sooner he would
Whereupon Mrs. Wainwright had changed front with the snpert nt n«»»,*
and attacked , with horse, foot and guns. She failed* to sep «hL h£* ! s ht
clared. where this poor, lone girl was in great fault Of rnnr^?^ de "
probable that she had listened to this snaky-tongued RufiU r'oU™ T a ?
that was ever the mistake that' women made. Oh certainly- thl'WJj bUt
would like to let Rufus Coleman off scot-free^ That w '«. a £%****,?£
men. They defended each other in all cases, if w"on- wprl S« W wlth
the woman who suffered. wrong were done ,it -was
■ ■■
Continued Next TVe«k.* Some Suggestions for Those Who Take Pride in a (omfortaofe Home and Good Living ♦
A FEW MINTS TOR MAKING
THE BEDROOM BOTH
COMFORTABLE AND -
ARTISTIC.
Conducted
BEDROOMS, particularly a young
P s^ girl's, are usually crowded with
jL-^y useless things. Cheap pictures
cover the walls, photographs
stand on every and anything; gas
fixtures hold a maze of strings and from
them dangle programmes, dance cords,
bottles, any old sort of a souvenir, neck
ties and perhaps an old shoe the "last
Bummer's best fellow" wore. Don't do it.
They catch dirt. If they are positively
necessary for your happiness store them
away In boxes; you can take them out
and moon over them as much as you
choose, but don't litter up your room.
Have a den, put them all in it— but keep
them out of the room in which you sleep.
Bedrooms should be restful in every de
tail. There you sleep, there you are
when ill and there you study and think.
When noosing the paper remember the
"hospital part." Designs that look like
writhing sea serpents when one has fever,
or like snails and distorted faces, those
that convey action should never be in
a bedroom. Plain paper in light colors
or tinted walls are best for this room.
Then the pictures, imagine obtaining
the sought-for restful look with the "liat
tie of Waterloo" or the "Blowing Up of
the Maine" hanging on the wall, or ' Sim
ply to Thy Cross l Cling," with a stormy
ocean a rock and a woman gracefully
hanging on the cross. Choose something
that does not tell a harrowing story; a
landscape, quiet water scenes, anything
pleasing and comforting. A picture to
make you sleepy and not keep you awake
wondering how that woman got out into
the middle of the ocean and then dream
all night you were in her place.
Put matting on the floor. It is easier
to keep clean and more healthful for a
Bleering-room. Keep dainty curtains at
the windows, changing them often. For
furniture the enamel or brass bed, a desk.
drf-ss^r and dressing table, a few chairs
and a rug or two. If the room is old
fashioned with four-post bedsteads, koep
to the old-fashioned look of things. Use
ouaint patterned chintz and dimity for th-»
curtail or sheer white ones next to win
dow and inner ones of ■ ruffled, nalnty
colored dimity, with a trailing rosebud
design. On the walla have flowered paper.
Plain paper is out of place in an old
fashioned room— dark or light, as pre
ferred. The broad striped effects are very
pretty, though for an ordinary room pale
yellow, pale robin's egg blue and Pom
peiian red are th« best. These colors
give apparent space and furnish a good
background for pictures. A- for pictures,
two or three artistically framed are a
thousand times better than forty cheap
ones. The bed next. A bed la either the
most ornamental thing in the room or the
ugliest. It's all a matter of covering,
And, though covered, beds should not be
overdressed. Dense canopies are decid
edly poor taste, the bed loses Its restful
look, appearing heavy and uninviting. In
cities where soot and dirt creep in air
tight windows the whole bed, except the
posts and back, should be covered. Cov
ers made of chintz and dimity with deep,
full ruflles to reach to the floor, smootn
lv laid over the pillows, and a round
bolster covered with the Fame material
laid on top of the pillows, make beds
very pretty. All colors and all sorts of
designs are displayed in the shops. If
you prefer a pure white bed and are will
ink to pay for the laundry bills such a
luxury demands, make or buy a spread,
white linen with Mexican drawn work;
shams are out of date; rolls are not
pretty in white, bo have a straight piece
wide enough to cover the pillows, which
are flat on the bed, and fall down to meet
the spread, made with a deeper border
of drawn work. If the bed is brass or
stand* high from the floor make a val
ance of thin white material; run it on
a tape and fast': securely to the bed. A
Bofl fluffy look is obtained and, best of
all 'your dearest friend sitting on the op
posite Bide of the room can't see the dust
which some time or other will collect
under the bed. Of course, good house
keepers never— but then there might hap
pen to be a duet storm. Such things do
Happen. . . . ,
Furnish a bedroom from a hygienic
(standpoint. Have washable things, strive
for comfort and the restful look.
Cakes and Cake-fllaking.
One cannot be economical on cakes.
Th* y demand the best of everything and
a ffeneroui amount The bept butter and
the freshest .'ggs for good cake. "Cook-
Ing butter" and "cooking eggs" m.iy be
used for oth( r things, but for cake— nevet-.
A deep c-art hen ware bowl, a wooden
spoon and a big. cover-you-up apron to
begin with. Measure out the flour, but
ter and sugar; break the eggs, but do not
beat them. Gh aae the tins or pan; see
that the oven will bo \hc right tempera
ture, then cream the butter and sugar.
Add the eggs, tl.<> y.lks flour, milk, and
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
!?SSIS3* I M3 ! £r"j Is removed by DR. and MRS.
ff/\& #.');':** A '■■ TRAVERSE". DonohcnJ
tX^^'l/^h building, U7O .Market St., cor.
V^l^K'/ivS Taylor, rooms 28-29, with the
Ki'jfcft ,X electric needle, without pain or
nSS^^ soar. Molob, warts, wrinkles,
■V _^<S» blackheads, freckels, btrth-
YuJSLi^UJbL marks, etc., alsc removed. Per-
&&&£&$?&■• munenry guaranteed. Hours, 1
LOIE FULLE.I
Uses the beet skin food and tissue builder,
•BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM. -
- -
by Deborah Deane.
lastly, the baking powder and the beaten
whites. Mix thoroughly and then bake.
In making angel cake and white sponge
cake use pulverized sugar, granulated t" ir
layer and plain cake; the best quality <>f
brown sugar for coffee cake, fruit cake
and other dark cakes. For loaf cakes ana
plain cakes always paper the pan. ana
sometimes two and three layers are nec
■ i to insure against burning.
BRIDE'S CAKE— One pound sugar,
three-fourths pound butter, one pound
whiles twelve eggs, one and onf :
half teaspoonfuls cream tartar, one-half
teaspoonxul soda, one teaspoonful 01
peach or vanilla. Dissolve the soda in
vinegar before adding to the cake. Bake
in one large pan and in a slow oven.
SPICE CAKE— One cup of butter, one
cup "f milk, one and one-half cups Of
.sugar, three and one-half cups of dour,
eggs, two teaspoonfuls cream tartar.
When mixed add one teaspoonful each "t
- Innamon, allspice, nutmeg and
mace. Bake in a slow oven.
SPONGfi CAKB-Two cups flour, two
sugar, tour >pu;s, two teaspoonfuls
baking powder, three-quarters cup hot
OOJ fill vanilla.
LADY CAKE— Two cups sugar, one cup
cup milk, four cups flour, six
eggs ibea't'ii separately), one teaspoonful
tar, h.iit teaspoonful soda, half
. chopped raisins. Bake in a moder
ately
WALNUT CAKE— One cup butter, two
cups sugar, half cup milk, three cups
flour, four eggs, one tablespoonful baking
powder, two cups walnuts chopped, Sift
flour over the walnuts and mix thorough
fore adding to the batter.
COFFEE CAKE— One cup molasses, one
cup sugar, c>ne cup butter, one cup strong
on< cup chopped raisins, one tea
ful soda, five < ups Hour, cloves, ein
n and nutmeg.
SNOWBALL CAKE Half cup l>i;tter.
one cup sugar, one ;;nd a half cups ('.our.
eggs (whites only), h.-uf cup milk,
two teaspoonfuls baking powder.
ALMOND CAKE— Two cups sugar, one
cup butter, three cups flour, one cup milk.
eight eggs (whites only;, two teaspoonfuls
m tartar, one teaspoonful soda, one
!>■ un'i blanched almonds, chopped.
GOLD CAKE— One cup butter, one and
a half cups BUgar, two cups flour, half
milk, one teaspoonful cream tartar.
■ teaspoonful soda, six eggs (yolks),
oonful vanilla.
PEACH CAKE— One cup butter, two
cups sugar, one cup milk, three cups
sifted Hour, whites of four eggs, two tea
spoonfuls baking powder. Bake in layer
tins. Cut fresh peaches, place on each
layer and cover with whipped cream. Eat
immediately.
CARAMEL LAYER CAKE— One and a
half cups butter, three tups sugar, one
cup milk, four cups ilour, six e^gs. two
teaspoonfuls cream tartar, one teanpoon
ful soda.
FILLING— HaIf cup milk, one and a half
ciif,.- brown sugar, one cup molasaes. one
teaspoonful buttei, one tablespoonful
flour, two tablespoonfuls water. Boil six
minutes, add three quarters cup of grated
chocolate and boll until thick. When cold
Savor with vanilla and spread between
the layers.
[CE CREAM TAKE— One cup sugar,
four eggs, one cup flour, four tanlcspoon
fuls water, one teaspoonful baking pow
der. Cream the sugar with the yolks of
the eggs, add the water, then the flour
and last the beaten whites. Bake in layer
tins and put whipped cream between when
c«.ld.
LEMON CAKE— Two cups sugar, one
cup butter, three cups flour, one cup milk,
rgs, half tenspoonful soda, one tea
-1 ':•! cream tartar, grated rind and
juice of two lemons.
KILLINGS FOR LAYER CAKE:
COCOA NTT FILLING— One cup milk,
one teaspoonful butter, one egg (beaten
TO-DAY, before I begin to answer
the letters which have piled up into
a stack as high and broad and long
as the moral law. I shall pause just
long enough to give you a formula for a
very delightful toilet vinrgar. It is called
ESPRIT DE TOILETTE FRANCAISE.
Dissolve in a flask:
Oil of lemon, one-fifth ounce.
Oil of lavender, one-fifth ounce.
Oil of thyme, one-fifth ounce.
Oil of bergamot, one-fifth ounce.
Oil cf cinnamon, one-tenth ounce.
Rectified spirits of win*-, one quart.
This toilet vinegar will be found to be
particularly excellent in the treatment of
err-Rsy, sallow skins. It should be used
diluted and never just after soap has been
applied.
One more word. The beauty department
for two- Sundays past baa been disporting
itself on the society page, in the local
portion of the Sunday Call. Hopeless
Sinner, Mary Sinb.in, Gypsy Qiief»n,
Youth. O. N. E.. Mau«it'-, Mary < 'arp^nter.
Sissy, Tosln. and Valeric Floyd all re
ceived answers to their queries In those
Issues. Hope they all found them.
Answers to Correspondents.
GERTIE EVANS— For the blackheads
there is nothing better than a nightly
scrubbing with a good, stiff complexion
brush, warm water and castlle soap, fol
lowed by an application of cold cream.
The cucumber lotion, formula for which
is given in foregoing letter to N. E. J., la
particularly good for oily skin and large
pores.
ECILA YELKAO— The yellow neck is no
doubt caused by high collars, and as longf
as you wear these you will find it exceed
ingly difficult to do away with that light
brown streak. If you will steep one
fourth ounce of white rose leaves in one
white), one tablespoonful cornstarch in
milk, two tablespoonfuls butter, three
quarters cup of cocoanut. Cook In double
boiler. Add the shredded cocoanut just
before spreading on cake.
CHOCOLATE FILLING— One cup sugar,
half <up chocolate, naif teaspoonful va
nlla, white of on< egg. Bofl th< sugar and
chocolate with- half a cup of water until
stringy. Take from stove, beat well and
add the beaten white of one egg. Stir
until cool, add vanilla and spread I •• tween
Layers.
'MAI'LK SUGAR FILLING— If the
maple sugar is in bars. br<-ak up two and
cook with one cup of hot water. When
thick or stringy rx-at in th< whites. )■■
vi two eggs, place between la;
Vegetables.
Aftt r washing vegetabl< s allow to Btand
in cold water before cooking.
Have vegetables aa fresh as possible.
Put vegetables Into boiling water to
cook.
Steamed vegetables are very much bet
ter th:m thus,- lint ar.- boiled.
fireenp. cabbage and cauliflower have
to be most car. fully washed. It is ; :
to allow them to stand in cold water
half an hour before using.
Greens, beet-tops, spinach, turn!p-topa,
cabbage sprouts, pigweed and pepper grass
arc ail used for greenß. Cook In boiling
salted water and when tender place In
a colander and press out all the water.
Season with salt, pepper and plenty of
butter. Grate yolks of boiled egg over
and s«ty<..
The following receipts are for differ* nt
vegetables, from potatoes down or up, as
yi i] choi isi .
SWEET POTATOES BROILED Slice
the potatoes thin, pour melted butter ov< r
them and also butter the broiler. Place
over a clear fire und broil a medium
brown.
STUFFED TOMATOES— Take nut the
inside of as many tomatoes as needed, run
through a colander and add cracker
crumbs, some chopped meat, butter,
pepper and salt and onion Juice. Oysters
may be used instead of meat. Fill the
tomato shells and bake fifteen minutes.
FRIED EGG PLANT— Cut into slices
about one-quarter of an inch thick.
Sprinkle with salt, allow to stand a few
moments, then drain, peel, roll in egg
and flour. Fry in very hot fat.
GREEN CORN BAKED— Select corn as
nearly of a size as possible. Remove the
husk carefully; clean the corn, wash and
then tie up in the husks. Place In a hot
oven, cook twenty-five minutes and serve
with melted butter.
FRIED (Ti'I"JiRERS- Peel and rut
into slices lengthwise and place in col<S
salt water for twenty minutes. Dry,
season with pepper and salt, dip in beaten
egg and roll in cracker crumbs. Fry in.
butter and a little lard.
STEWED MI'SHROOMS— Remove the
stems from button mushrooms, allow to
stand in water, running water in order
to clean them thoroughly. When clean
dry with a towel, and to a quart allow
three large spoonfuls of butter; place in
a stewpan and simmer for five minutes.
Season with salt, pepper and a little
ground mace. Stew slowly for ten or
BEAUTY TALK BY MME. HYGEIA.
fourth pint each of fresh le.non juice and
brandy, you will find it very whitening.
In preparing this wash, let the mixture
simmer slowly for three hour?. Then
press, strain and decant. Apply a.t night.
This will help you, if anything will.
HAZEL— There is nothing that will re
move those little brown spots of which
you complain so bitterly. The coloring
matter which constitutes them is depos
ited in the deeper portion of the sub
cuticle, so no outward application can
possibly reach them. Sorry. Neiiii^r can
I tell you of any way of making: tht eye
brows less thick, save by plucking them
out with a pair of tweezers.
MIiNWRVA— I really do not see why you
were not successful with your cucumber
cream. The proportions you used should
have been all right if properly mixed. You
should melt the spermaceti, while wax
and almond oil together in a porcelain
kettle. When melted remove rrom the
heat and odd the eider-flower water, cu
cumber juice and uenzoln, beating quickly
all the while with an eggbeater until the
mixture is cold and firm. You may have
to add a very little bit of salicylic acid to
¥ reserve the cucumber juice In the cream,
find that the best way to extract the cu
cumber Juice is to use a common kitchen
grater. Merely rub the cucumDer over
this and strain the puip thus obtained.
Hope you will be more successful next
time.
VERTY- There are certain exor
cises that are excellent for reduc
ing the size of the stomach and
hipa. One of them Is to He
flat on the back on the floor, arms folded,
and slowly raise the body to a sitting
posture. Then slowly lower the body to
the original position. Repeat a number of
THE SUNDAY CALL.
twelve minutes. Serve In a hot dish and
al once.
STEWED CELERY— Wash and rut Into
half-inch lengths one head of. celery.
j'lai'f in stewpan, cover with witter and
boll until tender. Pour off half of the
\\;i!'-r. add a good-sized piece of butter.
pepper, salt and one cupful of rich milk.
Thicken with flour mixed with a llttlo
milk.
FRIED SWEET l'< iTATOKS- Mash the
rooked potatoes, mix with milk, one egg
and Rome butter. Put In balls or cones
and fry In huttir.
CREAMED CABBAGE— BUce the cab
b.'ifc- and rook with very little wnter.
When tender season with salt, butter and
pour in one cup "i cream. Mix one table
spoonful of flour with tho butter. Cook
a few moments longer and serve.
STEAMED RlCE— Wash the rice and
place in saucepan with enough water to
cover. Allow to boil once, take off
Stove, drain off the water and place in
steamer. St^am thirty minutes.
POTATO PUFFS— Cream two table-
Bpoonfuls of butter with two cupfuls of
mashed potatoes. Add two well-beaten
(■pus and one C*p of cream; season with
sal:. Pour Into a baking dish and bake
a light In-own.
FRIED TOMATOES— SIice the toma
toes, dip In cracker crumbs and fry In
hot butter. When done lift out carefully
and make a gravy, adding to the butter
ali 1 11«" flour, pepper, salt and one cup of
rich milk. Pour ov< r tomatoes and serve.
TOMATOES. CORN AND ONIONS— To
one can of tomatoes add half a can of
times every morning. Another exercise
is to stan'i erect, with heels together,
b^nd the body forward and try to touch
the toes with the tips of the fingers, wiia
out bending tln> knees. One easy way to
do this is to raise th«< arms above the
head, interlock the thumbs and then
bring tho hamls down as near the floor
as possible. Eli ctrlc massage is also
good. A lotion that is very strengthening
to the eyes if made by rubbing one ten
spoonful of boradc add in fifteen drops
of spirits of camphor and pouring over
this two-thirds of a cup or hot water.
Stir and strain and use as needed. Ill
health is usually the cause of dull eyes.
I think it an excellent plan to lie down for
an hour in the afternoon, if one can spare
the time. Every muscle in the body
should be relaxed at this time, and If one
can get in a little cat-nap, so much the
better.
TILLIB TAYLOR— Arsenic should
never be taken in any form, unless ad
vlpod by a physician. A very little am
monia and borax added to the shampoo
will rot make the lmir a lighter shade, but
will help keep tho light tints. Too much
ammonia used on the hair is very in
jurious.
VINA HT'DSON— Of course, you didn't
succeed with your skin food. If you will
make it exactly according to the follow
ing directions you cannot fail with it:
Melt the spermaceti, white wax, almond
oil, lanolin and cocoanut oil together In a
porcelain kettle. Don't let them boil.
When these five ingredients are thorough
ly incorporated remove the kettle from
the fire and add the benzoin and the
orange flower water, beating it with an
egg-beater until cold. I really couldn't
CHOICE RECEIPTS EOR PROPERLY PRE
PARING VEGETABLES AND WAKING
THE WOST DELICIOUS DESSERTS-CUT
OUT AND PASTE IN YOUR COOK BOOK.
sweet corn and two onions cut fine, also
the skin of one large green pepper. Al
low to conk until the onions are tender.
Add a teaspoonful of sugar, salt to taste,
and plenty of butter. If thin, thicken
with flour mixed with butter.
HOMINY COOKED WITH CREAM—
The hominy must be boiled and ready for
use. Place in baking dish the quantity
needed, add butter, pepper and salt. Pour
over one cup of cream, sprinkle cracker
crumbs over the top and cook a light
brown.
Pie Crust and fies.
Good pie crust Is not an easy thing to
make. It takes time, patience and not a
little trouble. A very wise and true say-
Ing have the Japanese, "In the prepara
tion of food it is nece3sr.ry that a man
choose good quality and right quantity.
Also that he display his best manner In
Its preparation." It's true of pie crust.
Good butter, thoroughly sifted Hour and
the sweetest of sweet lard are. all neces
sary for its success, and half the battle
1b tho wav they are put together. After
the flour has been sifted, add to it a lit
tle'salt; put In the. lard or butter and mix
with a knife, chopping the lard Into small
bits. When well mixed add th<> ice water
slowly. Put out on marble, divide, sprin
kle with flour and roll nut. Pinch the
first crust to the edges of the pan, moist
ening afterward with a little water.
Either make the criss-cross top crust or
the plain. For pies made out of jam the
criss-cross Is best, making the pie not
quite so rich. Touch the crust a« little
as possible with the hands, and prepare
.In a cool place.
Some take the paste, roll it out and
thickly butter, fold together, roll out anr 1
butter again. This manes a very rich and
flaky crust.
LEMON PlE— Three lemons, half a cup
of butter, one cup of sugar, six eggs and
grated rind of two lemons. Cream the
butter and sugar, stir In beaten yolks and
grated lemon rind to taste; also ore heap
ing tablespoonfu] of flour. Add lemon
juice, and just before pouring in the
crust the four beaten whites, keeping
two for the top. Pake until quite solid,
then allow to cool. Reat the whiles of the
two eggs, add powdered sii^m r and a lit
tle lemon juice. Pour over top of pie and
brown. Serve when almost cold.
APPLE PlE— Grate four good-sized ap
ples, leaving on the skins; season with
tell you just how long you would have to
use It before the results would begin to
show.
PENELOPE— I do not at all approve of
the treatment you mention. Anything
that stretches the skin is likely to make
it fall back into deeper lines than be
fore. The only rational treatment lor
wrinkles is to invigorate and rebuild the
tissues and this can only he done by mas
sage, together with a good skin food.
SADlE— filmy asked the same question
as yourself. Please read what I have said
to her. Just pour a little of the warm oil
into your hand and, with the palm, rub
around and around and up. If you keep
it up it will certainly benefit you. Swing
ing Indian clubs, exercise with dumbbells
and deep breathing will also h^lp you.
LOS GATOS— Castor oil applied to the
eyelashes wil make them grow. Bathing
them in warm salt water is also excel
lent.
A NEW SUBSCRIBER— Foregoing let
ters to Sadie and Sissy will answer your
first question. The best treatment for
blackheads is that suggested to
O. N. E. As you have just joined
the ranks of my beauty, students
I would like to say that to have
a skin of unblemished loveliness one must
pay strict attention to the diet, exercisn
regularly in the open air and never for a
■ingle day miss the tepid sponge bath.
Once a week there should be a hot soapy
tub bath, rubbing the body briskly all
over with a good stiff flesh brush. All
these things must be attended to not for
a day but as the habit of a lifetime if
beauty is your object.
N. E. J.— l do not know that the prepa
ration you mention is positively harmful
plenty of su^rar and a little nutmeg. Put
in the crust, add some small pieces of
butter, make a "criss-cross" top and
bake. Serve with whipped cream.
CURRANT PIE— If the fruit is fresh
cook a few memints with very little
water and one cud of sugar. Pour in
crust, add some butter and Hhake over a
little flour. Bake with two crusts.
STRAWBERRY PlE— Line a pie dish
with paste and ill 1 with fresh strawber
ries. Cover with top crust, but do not
press down the edges. Cook until done.
Lift off the top crust when cold and fill
with whipped cream which has been
sweetened.
ORANGE PlE— Grate the rind of two
oransf-s into half a pint of water. Bring
to a boil and add one cupful of sugar, the
yolks of two eggs and a tablespoonful of
butter, first beating until light. Add one
tablnspoonful of flour, the pulp and juice
of the oranges, stirring constantly. Pour
Into the lined pie tin and bake with one
crust.
•PKAPH PlE— Line the pan with rich
paste and fill with sliced peaches. Sift
uvi r some sugar and add a little lemon
juice and butter. Bake with two crusts
and serve with cream.
COCOANUT PlE— One oup of shredded
cocnanut, one of sugar, two of cream or
milk. one beaten egg and one tablespoon
nil of molted butt.-r. Bake with one crust.
When COOI boat the whites of two eggs,
adding three tablespoonfuls of powdered
sugar; spread on top of pie and brown.
PUMPKIN PlE— Remove the seeds
from the pumpkin, cut into medium-sized
pieces and steam until tender. When done
peel and mash. Take nut enough for as
many pies as you intend to make and
add almost as 'much milk a? you have
pumpkin; two cups of sugar, one tea
spoonful of ginger, cinnamon and salt,
three tablespoonxula of cornstarch and
three eggs- When well mixed add some
melted butter. Bake with one crust.
Fish.
ESCALLOPED LOBSTER— Chop not
vcr.\ line the meat of one large lobster,
place In a baking dish and pour over a
cream sauce made like that for the boiled
fish, (uniting the parsley. Sprinkle the
lop with fine bread crumbs, strew with
bits of butter, and bake in a sl<>w oven.
CODFISH WITH EGGS— ScaM and
pick to pifCM about half a pound of cod
fish. Place on stove, bring to a boil and
to the complexion, still T always think it
wiser to make one's own cosmetics, and
then there can be no possible doubt on the
subject. By adding a little very finely
powdered carmine to your cold cream you
will have a perfectly safe rouge. An ex
cellent cold i r"am is made from the tol
lowins formula: White wax. half an
ounce; spermaceti , half an ounce; sweet
almond oil. two and a half ounces; rose
water, three-fourths of an ounce; simple
tincture of b»n?.oin, three drops. For a
very <>ily skin there is nothing better than
the' loth >n made by placing in a half pint
bottle one ounce of fresh, uncooked cu
cumber juice, half-filling the bottle w'th
elder-Hi iwpt water and adding two tabla
spoonfulfl of t at; de cologne. After you
have shaker this well add very slowly
half an ounce simple tincture of bpnzoin,
shaking tlie mixture now and then. Then
lill the bottle with elder-fiower water. Ap
ply to the face two or three times a day,
letting it dry on the skin.
DRI'SELLiA— I am sorry I could not
Fend you an answer by mail, but the task
of Bending personal replies to my very
large family of beauty students Is alto
gether beyond my strength and the de
mands upoa my time. 1 tan give you a
splendid formula for hair that is dry and
stiff. It is: "Eati de cologne, four ounces:
tincture cantharides, half an ounce; oil
of lavender, quarter of a dram; oil of
rosemary, quarter of a dram. Apply
merely to the roots of the hair once a
day. Swelling under the eyes usually in
dicates some internal trouble. Remedy
that and the swelling will disappear. In
the meantime try applications of diluted
witch hazel.
MISS P, SMITHWICK— Try the follow
ing tonic on your hair; I am sure it will
help you: Witch hazel one ounce, alcohol
one ounce, water one-half ounce, resorcln
forty grains. Apply every morning with
a soft sponge to tne scalp. ,
pour off the water. Add a .ump of butter
the fize of an egg and a tablespoonful of
flour; add three cup.s of milk. Have
boiled three eggs. Cut into small pieces,
stir into codfixh and serve.
ESCALL.OPKD FlSH— Take fish left
from a previous meal, pick into small
pieces; place In a pudding dish a layer
of fish and a layer of cracker crumbs;
pome pork chopped fine, some butter, salt
and pepper. Repeating until the dish is
full. Pour over enough milk to cover
and bake thirty minutes.
Creams. Jellies, JJlanc Mange
STRAWBERRY CREAM— One pint of
mashed strawberries, one pint of thick
cream, whites of two eggs and three
fourths of a cup of sugar. Mix, and add
half a box of dissolved gelatine, pour in
mold and set on Ice. Serve with whipped
crenm.
APPLE CREAM— Stew the apples after
peeling and run through a colander. When
cold add one pint of whipped cream and
one cup of sugar. Beat thoroughly. Set
on ice and servo when very cold.
PINEAPPLE CREAM— One can of pine
apple, one cup of sugar. Chop the pine
apple; add the sugar and boil fifteen min
utes. Dissolve half a box of gelatine in
water and add to one quart of boiling
milk. Strain and pour over the pineapple.
Allow to cool and pour in mold. Serve
with whipped cream.
COFFEE JELLY— One box of gelatine
dissolved in a pint of water: when soft
add one cup of boiling water, two of
strong coffee, one cup of sugar, juire of
one orange and vanilla. Strain Into mold
and Pet on ice. Serve with whipped cream,
and one lemon, half a box of dissolved
gelatine, cup of boiling water, one cup of
f=upar. Mix and strain, adding a pint of
sherry or wine preferred. Serve with
cream.
STRAWBERRY BLANC MANGE— Two
parts of juice and one of water: boll and
thi'ken with enmstareh. Pour into mold
and set on ice. Serve with vhipped cream
GELATINE BLANC MANGR-Boil half
a cupful of sugar with half a box of gela
tine dissolved in a pint of water: strain;
add three pints of thick cream and on©
teaspoonful of vanilla. Pour into mold.
Alcohol Paste.
It always makes me cross to see a man
with curly hair. What business has he
with that "blessing when he looks just as
well if not better with his hair plastered
down smoothly? Not a bit. And we nine
out of ten women, whose locks are as
straight as sticks, what do we do? We
burn our fingers, lose our patience, break
the tenth commandment, carry around al
rohol lamps and, worst of all, bottles of
alcohol that Invariably get uncorked and
ruin aur best "bibs and tuckers. But w«
all know that. It's about something els«
that few of us know paste alcohol. It
saves our best "bibs and tuckers," but
not uur patience or the burning of our
fingers. Solidified alcohol is put up in
small tin boxes and all that is necessary
is to take off the lid arid light the paste.
A box is warranted to burn an hour and a
half, and besides heating curling irons it
is capital for chafing dishes and to boil
water. Whether or not it will explode
is yet to be found out, but Just as soon
as careful nursemaids use the paste to
heat baby's milk we will know.
All sorts rt uses have been found for it
and among them its use on miladi's desk
for heating her sealingwax.
It certainly is a relief and a comfort.
When through the flame can be blown
out and it's all ready for next time
without any filling or trimming of wicks.
Patti's Advice to young Sing
ers.
"I don't believe in coddling myself and
making my throat too tender," said Mme.
Patti to a young American who sought
her advice. "I kept my vocal powers at
their full by extreme care, but you will
notice. If you have been told of my rules
of life, that I've never made myself sen
sitive to slight exposure.
"Of course a great deal of rubbish has
been written about my dread of taJcing:
cold, and I have been informed of the
eccentric means I use to avoid it. It has
been said that I have all my clothing
marked with cabalistic signs, and tha*-. a
variation of a few degrees in tha weather
will cause me to add to or take from my
clothing so and so many ounces of
underwear. I read also in one crazy pa
per that I never pass from a heated
room to the cold air outside, except by
easy stages, and that to go from the con
cert roam to the corridor stairs, then to
the lower hall, the lobby, the vestibule
and finally to pass into the street is an
operation which takes me half an hour,
'acclimatizing' myself as I go!
"All that is rubbish, of course— that is.
It is rubbish to say that I took any such
time. I'm careful, as every singer should
be, to avoid sudden and violent changes;
but on the other hand, I would warn y..ii
not' to make yourself too tender, and in
vite cold by the inexperience of slight
exposure.
"Harden >ourself; build up your consti
tution: don't occupy htuted rooms at any
time; live out of doors at least two hours
every day. and walk and drive. That's
my "advice. Then, don't be afraid to
breathe plenty of good fresh air, even if
the weather is cold. The people who go
about with muffled throats, overburdened
with wraps, men singers who turn up tha
collars of their coats at the slightest
breath of fresh air, and women singers
who hide themselves in a mass of carriage
rugs and cover their laces with laces and
woolnes when carriage driving, are the
ones who first begin to cough.
"On the other hand, don't go to ex
tremes and expose yourself in raw, damp
air. especially at nightfall. Be sensible
and preserve a happy medium between
wise caution and foolish coddling.
"I never go out. summer or winter, rid
ing, driving or walking, without a choco
late caramel in my mouth, letting it dis
solve as slowly as possible."
2930
INTERESTING HISTORY AND FATE OF THE OLDEST TUGBOAT OH THE PACIFIC. COAST
r-r^'KE hull of the oldest V
4 m steam vessel on the Pa- .*
V* ciflc Coast and the second *.
i tugboat built in the United ♦
& States was recently made a y
jj bonfire of on the West Seattle i*
♦ beach. Her history is a pecu- ♦
liarly interesting one . and
1% closely identified with the stir- %
X ring scenes of Pioneer days in +
V California. £?
*♦ ♦
When. fifty years ago.it began to be gen
erally known that W. H. Webb had com
menced the construction of a sidewheel
tugboat that would be 154 feet long all
maritime New York wondered. Many were
the prophecies, telling of ill luck to come,
that were made concerningthe Goliah.
After the first wild rush for gold had
subsided in this State and people begun to
turn their thoughts to other lines of busi
ness San Francisco began to assume a
certain degree of importance as a port
and shipping interests multiplied In great
rapidity. During the early fifties in New
York Bell & Brown were one of the larg
est firms of shippers in America. They be
gan to turn their thoughts toward San
Francisco and conceived the idea of in
vading the shipping field here. Accord
ingly they purchased the Goliah and made
goa Matthews &t the Olympla, Who Has Her Own Ideas as to How a Cakewalk Should Be Dome.— After Photos by Coover & Rasmussen.
The Race Between the Goliah and the Opposition Boat.
alterations in the tugboat so that she had
accommodations for a limited number of
passengers.
When the Goliah reached San Francisco
one of the most successful firms was the
Steam Navigation Company, which had
a line of river boats plying between this
city and Sacramento. Brown conceived
the idea of entering Into opposition to the
line, but Bell was not so sanguine of suc
cess.
Racing was often indulged in and
though negroes were not then so Plentiful
in California as they were along the Mis
sissippi that they could afford to tie a
poor unfortunate colored man on top of
the safety valvo when they wanted more
steam, there are plenty of instances on
record that the boilers of the Goliah were
often strained to exploding point. These
races were not altogether devoid of dan
ger either. To win the captains were al
THE StTNDAY CALL.
ways willing to take desperate chances
and while good fortune favored them,
many collisions being narrowly averted,
on one occasion they did not escape so
luckily. Fpon the instance in question
the two boats were racing down the river.
Goliah was being hard pressed and was
slowly being passed. The captain of the
other" boat thought ha had a chance to
crowd his rival over and cross his bows,
thereby gaining the lead, a most import
ant advantage In the narrow river.
By this time the two boats had ap
proached so close to each other that a
callision was inevitable, no matter how
hard both captains might try to avert it.
Captain Galloway was in command of the
Goliah. He was an excellent navigator,
brave, cool and collected, and quick to act
In an emergency At once he realized that
his boat would surely be run down, and
ordered full speed astern. This permitted
the other boat to gain somewhat until
she was just abreast of the Goliah, but
still bearing down upon her, It having
been impossible to change the course so
quickly. Then Captain Galloway th<-ew
his helm hard over and the next instant
the two boats crashed together. The re
sult was that a huge paddle-box of the
Goliah acted as a buffer, receiving the full
force of the collision, and the passengers
were saved. The other boat, however, did
not fare so well. Nearly the entire por
tion of her upper works were raked by the
Goliah's paddle-box and she was. Indeed.
a sorry appearing wreck when she finally
reached the city.
In those days stocks were much more
active than now and there were listed
many more securities than are now to
be found on the boards. Stock in the rival
companies was very active indeed and
both were held high. Lloyd Tevis, the
well-known capitalist, whose death oc
curred in this city recently, was a large
shareholder in the Steam Navigation
Company and took an active in 1 >rest in
the affairs of the rival concerns.
Being possessed of capital he purchased
a river boat which he entered into com
petition against the Goliah. This made
the fight a three-cornered one and, of
course, affected the stock. That of Go
liah as well as the Navigation Company
went down with a rush. The owners of
the Goliah were badly hit. They lost heav
ily, got into debt and finally the boat was
libeled.
Her days of usefulness were by no
means ended, however. She passed Into
oth^r hands and was reconverted into a
tugboat. The Goliah was not a great suc
cess in the tugboat business and the new
owners were forced to succumb to the
better business ability «of their principal
competitors. Captain Mlllen Griffith and
Captain Goodall.
After the experience as a tugboat In
San Francisco Bay the Gollah was again
made Into a passenger Bteamer. The Go
liah plied along the coast with success,
one of her principal ports being Eureka,
Humboldt County. The vessel was then
commanded by Captain Conne r and the
advent of his arrival in Humboldt Bay
with the Goliah was made the occasion
of a great demonstration, the Goliah then
being the largest steamer that had ever
entered the port. This waf In 1 57 and a
grand ball was given by the citizens on
the decks of the steamer.
During the latter part of the '60's th©
Goliah again entered the tugboat busi
ness 'n San Francisco Bay. She met with
Indifferent success and was finally sent
up to Puget Sound, where she rendered
excellent service for her owners.f\f) Ipdiai? \iJ\)o by Sribal F^fyts : aims : t^e (Jreat saf?oe
S^TT Ti-U^ to the Rsfcfts, RaUnts
an.d CUstcrps cf Hts RacS-
Twho hay.
from
. ■
-
I
have been moved from the California
■Ide to a reservation on the hills in
Nevada.
Dick Bender is really the last of the
Washoes, the only buck of his trib^
who is true to the habits and haunts of v
the "Washoes who have gone to the
happy hunting: grounds.
Ditk speaks and understands English
provided it be not too polysyllabic.
His rudely constructed hut is dizzily
placed on the top of a rock-ribbed hill.
The other Indians in his party punc
tuate their sullen siienee by grunta of
disgust at the presence of an inter
loper and the oily squaws giggle fool-
Ishly. Dick; with calm dignity, playa
mine host and shows a willing 1 readi
ngs to answer all questions.
"Yes, this land all mine," he eaya.
"White man no. believe it, never pay -me
one cent when he take it. I say noth
ing. I do white man no harm as long
as he no take this hill where my fath
ers always lived. 1 no can help myself
as long up ho take rest of it, but ha
only take this over ray dead body."
Dick tells the t^lo In a straightfor
ward way with crude dramatic effect
that is lost when it drips from the pen.
He ia tall and straight as the strip'tng
pire tr~e by his sde, and h's modern
overalls and blouse look at outs with
the picturesque Indian litter that runs
in slovenly riot over the wigwam.
Skins, bows and arrows, a gun, deer
horns, odd stone cooking utensils, pro
visions, papoose, wahale nd bucks are
all a- tangle.
Dick ;s a full-blooded Indian despite
his name. V.'hen he was a little boy
nine years <.*id his father took him to
Carson City, That was thirty years
ago. and ir. th^se days the Washoes
on th(? California side and the Piutes
In Nevada were at arrows drawn. Be
fore the sun had twice set Dick found
his father murdered in the brush. The
Piutes had not taken his scalp, owing
to a peculiar custom of both tribes. A
Piuti % scalped •'! Washde on Washae ter
ritory, but not on Pix:te ground, and
uce ver;-;<.
Little Dick was discovered by a Mr.
Bonder, who took him to his home and
v:-nt him to school r.'r.nc with his own
hoys. The little Washoe was dubbed
ifter his patron; fitted Into the hand
ne-downs of his patron's wardrobe and
ntroduced to ti:e three R's as taught
n the public school*.
On Lake Tahoe an old Indian
matched the moon as It . v,-axed and
ivaned. Twelve notches he cut in the
bark of the tr*» and then he met out
for Carson City. It was as he expected
— his son had fallen pierced by a Plute
arrow. His graatlson spoke a strange
Mabel Lambert at the Orj>heum as the Bowery Girl With Social Aspirations.
THE Ptnn>AY CALL.
Taho* Scenes by R. J. Waters. Photo
of Dick Bender by W. L. Frier.
langruage nor recognized his grand.sire.
<~>r.* morning ! k after the old
iderg
:r?.nd
. ;tain
The Uand Brtt^Ty Fought Foi- by h^s
Ancestors and th€ piutes, He
Calls f^rs Own-
steeps to the Washoe country. Then
he instilled into Dick the tribal pride
that is the chief characteristic of Dirk's
Indian makeup. Ho told him the story
of the Waanoe-Piute conflict fc-r Lake
Tahoe. It is an unwritten page in his
tory.
The Washoes, once strong and
mighty, lived on the shores of Lake Ta
hoe. Other tribes coveted the lands
where fieh and game were so plentiful.
Especially aggressive were the Piutes.
There was an annual conllict. and,
though the Washoe-s always drove the
Piutes back, the mountain sides reaped
an aftermath of skulls: Their last big
conflict .was when Diek-'s grandfather
■was himstlf a lad.
The Piutes, many thousands strong,
can >- aver] the mountains to strive
again for the lake. The Washoes met
them on the hills which slope down to
Idlewild, the Crocker residence. For
days they fought, the Flutes slowiy
driving the Washoes back. Near Rubi
con Point the Washoes had left their
women and children. The Piutes were
certain of victory — the lojig way was
marked by dead and dying Washoes.
But within sight of their families, each
Washoe, with the strength of ten,
turned upon the Piutes.^and inch by
inch they drove them back the blood
stained way.
That was the last concerted attack
of the Ptul The white man wasen
croaching upon their territory, and they
turned their tomahawks toward the
paleface. The Wftshoes remained un
disputed possessors of. the lake. But
their doom had nevertheless been rung.
For some unknown cause they died by
the hundreds.
At the pov.-wow given in honor of
little Dick's return were gathered all
the Washoe*, and they numbered not
fifteen hundred. Dick's grandfather al
lowed him to return to Mr. Bender, but
once a year he brought him to the land
of the Washoes that he might not lose
his tribal instinct?. There. came a day
when the Government gave the hand
ful of the once mighty tribe of Washoes
al reservation on the -Pinenut hills of
Nevada. Dick's grandfather was not
among them. He died as he had lived —
on Lake Tahoa.
The land around the lake was once
staked out so many paces per Indian
family. Dick Bender year after year
has returned to the exact hillslop*
where his ancestors before him lived.
The other Washoes have forfeited their
rights, so by tribal law it ail belong*
to Dick.
The Washoes and Piutes hay« long
since smoked the pipe of peace. Dick
among them. But he has never al
lowed himself to slip into Piute cus
toms. His ears and the ears of hiM
children are pierced according to
Washoe regulations', and In minute da
tail he honors the Washoe customs.
♦'Dick has. twice been married, both
times to Washoe women. His first wife,
for whom he paid JoO, died not lone
after she came to his heart and wig
wam. A son by this marriage is re
ceiving a musical education at the In
dian, school, at Carlisle, and expects to
finish at Paris next year.
Dick's second wife, Lizzie by nams,
is a '.young woman of sufficient flabby
avoirdupois to make her beautiful la
Indian eyes. Dick confessed to having
paid twenty-rive dollars fur her, but
hastily corrects the impression that so*
is not as valuable as his first wife.
"Indian man," he says, "when hn
wants to marry asks father of girl.
If she willing, he pays father as much
as he can afford, some time one dollar,
some time fifty, whatever he have*
That all, no ceremony, then they mar
ried. Divorce same way; just say,
'Here. I don't want you any more; you
go.' Squaw can say same thing- to hus
band. Then they got right to marry
again."
Dick is exceedingly frank. "When
questioned as to his ability to read or
write, he said: "Once I know how very
weir. But then think I know it all,
and never practice, bo I forget." How
ever he asked us to mail two letters to
white men in Carson City, a.nd they
were addressed in a fairly legibla
Dick 'fishes on the lake during the
season for a living, and is very popular
with the amateur fishermen, whom ha
Initiates into trout mysteries for a sti
pend.
No or.« ever leaves Lake Tahoe with
out hearing of Dick Bender, the last
of the Washoes. No one ever leave*
Dick without sympathizing vrtth th«
chimera he nurses Sn his imagination —
he is th. i" Lak# Taho«
and the bordering lands.
3132
BAPTISM
OF FIRS
THE Second Battalion of the Che-
Bhire (Ireland) Regiment has
I 1 illed upon to endure a
most unprecedented and unpar
alleled "baptism of fire."
A plain narration of the strange and
■,we-inspiring adventure in which this
body Hers took most unwilling
but unf!;n< hing part sounds like the
wildest imaginings of a sensational ro
mancer, for only a mind accustomed to
•vo!v-» from its own workings tales of
almost unbelievable happenings could
even formulate in fancy what occurred
in reality. It seemed as if the warlike
forces of ihf- heavens, exasperated by
the qonl ■ but puerile rivalry of
warlike humanity, had determined for
once to sk , their power in their own
way, and : ess upon the minds
of the b the fact that the only
reason that • ne of them was left alive
was leir instant and wholesale
■laughter -\;tn not desired.
The weather In Ireland had been most
opp; warm for over a week,
and • • ■ ri In camp had suf
fer*-<". considerably from the constant
and enervating heat. So it was that,
when tho time came for tho Second
Battalion to march from Limerick to
Thurles to join there the rest of the
Jh§ Cuban (Olid QlrL
I^i/r\e9t ji? tl^e J-i^art of ai? El^etrieal Stor/r\.
force detailed for th* Irish autumn
maneuvers, Colonel Curtels, who is in
command of the Cheshires, did every
thing in his power to make the trip as
easy as possible for his men. The
march from Newport to Upper Church
Is a long one, the distance being nearly
twenty-two miles, and the colonel de
termined to get over that part of the
Journey during the cooler h.>urs of the
night. Consequently camp at Newport
was struck at about eight in the even-
Ing and an hour la-ter the regiment
started on its way.
The night was very dark because of
the thick clouds which since sunset
had begun to obscure the heavens, but
it was far cooler than the daytime had
been, and the men marched gayly
along, .■-inning cheerily as they went.
Captain Kellie, tramping at the he?d
of the column, carried a light by which
to see possible obstructions, and th«
men came swinging steadily after him,
followed by the transport horses and
the Maxim gun.
Every one was in the host of spirits
for the autumn maneuvers, although
they moan a deal of hard work, mean
also a deal of Tommy Atkins' own par
ticular kind of jollity, and are looked
forward to as a most agreeable varia
tion in the monotony of barrack ex
istence. Though the clouds above Brew
thicker and more threatening, there
was no cloud shadowing the hearts of
the merry lads who were rousing the
echoes along the quiet country road
with their stentorian voices, for no
foreboding of 111 had come to them.
When the battalion reached Kll
oommon rain began to fall and a halt
wai called that the men might unroll
and put on the overcoats which had
been looked upon until then as a most
unnecessary' burden by thorn all. It
f\ U/eird j-listory j\as
This Cuban U/ild Qirl
POOR little "Cuban Wild Rose!"
"What is her real name. If she ever
had any. and what is her history?
No one knows, for if she ever pos
sessed • either intellect or : memory they
have long since departed from her and the
most assiduous efforts of those in whose
care she Is have so far failed to awaken
more than a glimmering of reason In her
darkened mind.
A circus, tent Is her world; a fenced
platform her home; her chosen food such
food as untamed beasts would eat; her
preferred raiment the garb of savages in
their native wilds. She has no language
except the monosyllabic chatter and the
swift, silent gesture speech which makes
her seem weirdly akin to the simian fam
ily, although proof Is positive that she
belongs to humanity alone, and she has
no thoughts beyond her primitive and
most forcibly expressed likes and dislikes.
Two years and a half ago, we are told.
Jack O'Brien, an American, was on a
hunting trip in the hills about 150 miles
from Havana, Cuba, and found this
strange creature hiding in a sort of lair
In the dense underbrush. She had injured
one of .her legs so severely that she had
evidently been unable to get out In search
of food for some days, but, weak and
111 and crippled as she was, she fought
against capture with all the frantic des
peration of a trapped wild beast. Medical
attendance ■ and good care soon restored
her to health, and soon after that Walter
L.. Main heard of her and secured her as
an attraction for his "Fashion Plat*
■bow." ,
It has been surmised that she Is th«
daughter of some Cuban .planter whose
hem* was . destroyed during thoa* ; dread
taX *ar« whan Spanish nil* was making
•ran BtrnDAT call.
Two Thousand Rounds of Ammm
nfltioni Remale Untouched,
While a flaxim Gun . Is
Upset and flee StMmiini€d.
■eemed at first as If the shower,
though It had been so long In coming,
waß to be only a slight one after all,
Just sufficient perhaps to gratefully
cool the close and over-heated atmos-
phere. No one of the carefree soldiers
had any hint of the awful experience
toward which they were marching.
As they neared Rays Cross, how
ever, the dense darkness around them
was torn Into a thousand fragments by
a sudden flash of blinding brilliance
which illumined their ranks from front
to rear, and was followed by a peal of
thunder so craahingly loud as to set
the transport horses wildly plunging,
and touch for an instant with the cold
Cuba desolate, and that, crazed with
fright at the atrocities surrounding her,
she fled for shelter to the hills.
If this be so she is one of the most pro
nounced specimens of atavism extant, for
though she is evidently IS or 20 her head
is not larger than a cocoanut, her
strength is enormous, and all her instincts
are as savage as if she had come to us
out of prehistoric, times when brutish
brain and brute force ruled the world.
Only one person ran be said to have
control over her and that is the gov
erness, who accompanies her everywhere.
This lady has been able to make her
understand a few English words, but she
has not been able to make her wear the
clothing or eat the food of civilization.
Corn, raw sweet potatoes, sugar cane and
raw meat, which she tears to pieces and
devours like a fierce and ravenous ani
mal, constitute her regular menu. She
knows the use of a club, for whenever she
Is able to possess herself of one she pro
ceeds to empimsize with it her distaste
for tho Ethiopian race, toward every
member of which she seems to cherish a
most ferocious antipathy. Toward Fred
Reynolds, the chief clown, she shows
something savoring of preference as he
evidently ranks next to her governess in
her estimation. For the rest, life means
nothing to her but plenty of food, com
fortable garments and a soft place to
Bleep In.
Taken altogether this Wild Rose of
Cuba 1b the strangest specimen of mor
tality that has ever been publicly exhib
ited and while she cannot fall to Interest
the casual spectator, she presents to the
profound student of ethnology a problem
worthy of study IX not possible of solu
tion.
J'irange freaks of deadly lightning.
flnrer of t—r even the breasts of the
brave men around them.
A second flash, more awe-inspirlnjrly
luminous still, tore through the heav
ens and struck the Maxim gun, over-
turning It and apparently knij n g Lieu
tenant Cooper and the detachment of
six men who had it in charge. A halt
was called and the regiment drawn up
In line "while assistance was rendered
the prostrate soldiers, who, it was
found, had been stunned, but not other
wise seriously injured by the shock.
Meanwhile the lightning raced along
the rifles in the hands of their waiting
comrades, tearing some out of the
owner's grasp, and rendering others
f\ School for Sea^i^
pet Do^s pa9ey Jrie^s
*jn? YOUNG woman who found herself
A In need of extra funds has herself
In need of extra funds has Btarted
Jj y, a new school— a school for pet
dogs. The idea is not to make
professional tricksters of them,
but simply to teach ■ them to amuse
their masters and mistresses at home by
doing something requiring more intelli
gence than simply eating, running and
barking, or lying in comfort on a satin,
sofa pillow.
The idea was evolved by the need of the
hour, and the presence of her own little
dogs, which do all sorts of funny little
"stunts" t even -without direct orders, so
used nre&hey to going through their little
tricks. It has become second nature to
them, and they voluntarily go through
with them in their own play together, or
to attract attention to themselves when
they want something to eat.
She has always been foud of pets, hut
was never content until she had taught
each pet little tricks. At the time her
rooms were a little menagerie. There
were two white mice, a squirrel, two little
marmosets or South African monkeys,
a parrot, a canary, a robin," a fox terrier,
a Maltese poodle and a Brazilian terrier,
besides three tame common house mice
which found their way through their own
little doors In the casing of the doorway
when the dogs were not in sight, and fed
on the crumbs left for them, and, if their
mistress was there, running up to her
and eating: out of her hand and running
up her arm to her shoulder.
Bhe had taught all the pretty little
show tricks to her own pets, dogs Includ
ed, and also trained the pet dogs of her
friends; bo why not train other dogs?
The younger the dogs ■ the better, ■ ac
cording •to the Baying that "you cannot
U&ob. old dogs new trick*," although UuU
The Gun Barrels Were Heated
Red Hot and Violently
Torn From the Hands of
the Stalwart Soldiers.
red-hot. Believing that the metal of
the gun* was the attraction which was
drawing to them this unwelcome atten
tion of the electric fluid, command was
given to lay the rifle* flat on the ground.
where the water was now running in
torrents, but this gave the unfortunate
soldiers only a temporary respite. The
storm became a deluge, and the light
ning was so incessant and bo vivid as
to be a. new revelation of nature's power
even to those of the battalion who have
served in the tropics. Every flash
Ft ruck down one or more men stunned,
blinded, paralyzed oj .burned. The
horses, maddened by their terror,
plunged and snorted and kicked, and
is not etrlctly true, as many an old flog:
has been trained to do all the sprightly
tricks taught to puppies, but the puppies
learn quicker. They are more fond of
playing, and tricks are simply an intelli
gently guided lot of games. It requires
time and the patience of Job; that Is all.
But few persons have the necessary time
or patience to spend on their dogs.
The first thing the teacher does is to
make a tirm friend of the dog under tui
tion, the next to maive him respect her
authority, and then reward him for obe
dience. All dogs expect rewards for ex
traordinary exertion, just like people. A
few lessons are all that is neci 3sary us
ually, following each other in quick suc
cession, always with the reward at the
close. It is just as easy to teach several
dogs at once as one at a time. One of the
prettiest sights is to see two dogs march-
Ing like little soldiers clear across the
room.
Her own two little white dogs— the poo
dle and terrier— are about the same size.
Every day they go through the same
performance when the mail carrier comes
and leaves a letter. They rush to the
door at his ring, and if there are not
enough letters for both, the terrier. Nui
sance, allows the poodle, Midget, to take
the letter in her mouth, and they Bcurry
to the door of the mistress' room and both
stand erect, the letter in lull siuht In
Midget's mouth, and then they march up
right on their hind legs across the room
to their mistress and sit dnwn on their
haunches to deliver the letter.
If she pretends not to see them they
wave both front paws up and down rap
idly to attract her attention. If she still
remains oblivious Nuisance gives a little
bark— speaks— and they cock their eyes
and turn their heads to one side, looking
at her Inquiringly In a very cunning way,
and she takes the letter. Then they re
main seated until she gives them each
■ome candy. If Bhe should pretend not
to think of it they sit there patiently un
til she remembers, waving their pav.-s
energetically every Urn* they can oatch
WTTSM
i OF FTRS
endeavored with all their frantic rr.igftt
to break away from the Ftronp hand*
that held them prisoners; the lightnlngr,
adding to their Insane fear by selecting
on* of their own number as a victim.
destroying His eye and burning; his Bide
cruelly.
To Increase the horror of the situa
tion two thousand rounds of ammuni
tion formed a part of the regiment's
convoy, and every instant of this fear
ful hour of storm-inflicted Buffering,
mental and physical, was haunted by
the soul-chilling dread that the light
ning 1 might strike the carriage and add
a devastating explosion to the other
terrors of this awful season of heaven's
fusillade.
Most fortunately, however, the light
ning failed to search out this menacing
target, the striking of which would
have proved so frightfully disastrous,
and contented Itself with attacking the
soldiers, who for the first time found
themselves face to face with a foe
which they knew not how to even at
tempt to repel.
The Hashes were almost incessant
following each other with such rapidity
.that, for .minutes at a time the whole
scene was illuminated by a broad and
ghastly blue glare that rendered even
the smallest objects distinctly visible
and made the faces of the men stand-
Ing like statues in the ranks, lying un
conscious on the ground or ministering
to the needs of their Injured comrades,
look like the visages of corpses dead
for many days.
The electricity appeared at times to
descend in a veritable flood, surround
ing each Individual with a phosphores
cent glow which made him seem weird
ly translucent, and turned the falling
raindrops into blazing diamonds. The
imagination which conjured up the
scenes of the Inferno never conceived
a spectacle of wilder and more unearth
ly hideousness in its details and sur
roundings than this which the Second
Battalion looked upon with an unwav
ering bravery which has gained them
the admiration of all who admire true
courage.
It is comparatively easy for a man
to seem brave upon the field of battle,
where there is a visible human foe to
conquer or be conquered by; where
It is possible to dodge a shell or a
saber stroke, or lie too flat to be hit
by a. bullet: or where the blood is rais
ed to fever heat in the fierce onward
charge that means victory or defeat.
It requires quite another kind of cour
age to face a mysterious and intangible
foe which you cannot hope either to
repel or escape, and these men stood
their fiery ordeal most nobly. . ;!\';
The lightning played over them as It
would— prankishly picking out its vic
tims here and there — passing over a
score to descend upon the fated one.
Burning this one, paralyzing the leg*
of another, the arms of the next
knocking these unconscious to the
river-like road, stripping the garments
from those and searing their flesh with
its branding touch— and still the sol
diers gallantly stood their ground,
obeying the commands of their officers
and doing their best to succor their
fallen comrades. When the storm
abated to such a degree that it was
possible to make himself understood,
Colonel Curteis suggested, with a view,
doubtless, to restoring the men's over
strained nerves to something like their
normal condition, that they should go
on with the song which they had been
singing when the tempest broke upon
them, and without hesitation every
man whom the lightning had left un
touched took up the tuneful strain and
continued it until the task of bearing:
the wounded to shelter was accom
plished.
When the storm was over it was
found that twelve of the soldiers had
been seriously and over twenty slightly
wounded in the one-sided engagement.
The two laborer's cottages which were
the only buildings In the vicinity, wer»
metamorphosed Into field hospitals for
the time being, and assistance was sent
for to the nearest towns. ;;T>,
The fact that the electricity was dif
fused over so wide an area and divert
ed by the metal of swords and rifles is,
no doubt, what saved from instant
death all those who are now fortunate
•nough to b« only injured.