VOLUME LXXXVI-NO 94.
SPREAD OF YELLOW
FEVER THROUGHOUT
CITIES OF THE SOUTH
Key West Has Been Placed in Strict Quaran
tine and the Garrison Is to Be
Removed.
The Disease Appears as Far North as Indiana, a Soldier
Who Fought in Cuba Dying at
Vincennes.
JACKSONVILLE, : •L—
Communication with Key West by
the rest of 1 5 been cut
off by the on
utive ofli
State •' H- ■ th, int of
two deaths ai - which
■
Meantime i
loave the 1 ten
nis Eagan Jr.. I >eputy ■ l< I>r of
K< > W
n.im- . th were buried 1
day.
. . Lnd seven
under surveillance.
ISHINGTON, Sept. 1. -General
■ ■ tnent
. the w ; i r
:t that four cases of yellow
I •. ■ X- y West, and
instructions. In reply,
;.' es -• • ■ t< legra phic Instruc
■. al of th.
. ■ ; -■ point as
best, hut
PI re don account
uarters at that post. The
• • Key West is Jed of
■ B and N. First Artillery. The
3sistant surgeon at Key West
■ • Si :;berg
•■ have ;ip
the town. There are no
■
CHICAGO, Sept. l.— A special to the
•' : Id from Indianapolis says:
- •" Health has re
• of the death of a man
from yelli - The
had lately returned from I
and ht_- reached New York and was
• : a pronoui ellow
:he patient having all th~ symp
• ■ . ;-• .iow and !•
ing th« black vomit. His name was i
not given.
W ORLEANS, Sept 1— An au
lay on the >ung
Udolph, who • r'lay. rev ■ .
the iact that death was caused by yel
low fever. Th
the authoi days mi' . bul
Murphy of the Marine Hospital -
I not iw that th«- cms-- whs one
of yellow fever,.
AUSTIN. Texas. Sept. I.— The S
Health Department to-night re*
CHAMBERLAIN INSISTS UPON
A CONFERENCE WITH BOERS
Colonial Secretary Makes Public the Text of the Correspondence
Passing Between London and Pretoria.
Fleet of British Warships in Port Natal Bay.
From a Photograph.
LONDON, Sspt. I.— The
Pretoria correspondent
of the Morning Post says:
President Kruger told n prom
inent Boer yesterday (Wednes
day) that war was practically
certain. Every Boer is now
armed with a Mauser and has
ICO rounds for practice. I am
convinced that reports of the
Boers not being prepared are
only a pretense and that they
will strike a blow when least
expected.
LONDON, Sept. 1. — This evening the
Secretary of State for the Colonies, J"
seph chamberlain,, issued the text of
the Transvaal dispatches of August 19
and August a, and the reply of the im
perial Government of August 28. The
publication is accompanied by a note
emphasizing the advisability of mak
ing the correct version known, owing
to the fact that an incorrect version has
been published in Pretoria.
The Transvaal dispatch of August 19
contains the proposals regarding the
franchise, which go upon the assump
tion that Great Britain will agree that
the present intervention does not con
••iim» a precedent and ;will allow the,
The San Francisco Call.
information of one death from yellow
fever al New Orleans this afternoon.
h Officer Flunt ordered a rigid
quarantine against New Orleans on !
passenger and freight business and all ,
• r stations were notified to refuse
admission to any persons or freight
from that port.
.Me >BILE. Ala., Pept. I.— Owing to one
death by yellow fever in New Orleans,
and two other cases declared there. Mo
bile city authorities proclaimed a quar
antine to-night against persons, bag
and freight from New Orleans en
tering Mobile County. The night train
from New Orleans, due at 12:10 a. m.,
will be prohibited from discharging
New « Orleans passengers here. A deten
tion camp will be established to-mor
row. Quarantine is also proclaimed
against Key "West.
OFFICIAL REPORT ON
THE ALABAMA'S TRIAL
Commander W. H. Brownson Ex
presses Himself as Entirely Satis
fied With Results Attained.
NEW YORK, Sept. I.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Captain W. I
H. Brownson, who will command the
battleship Alabama when that vessel
is placed in commission, has submitted j
to Acting Secretary Allen this official
report of the builders' trial:
"I have to inform the department
that the Alabama left the yards of the
builders at a quarter to 3 p. m. on the j
2Sth inst. for an unofficial trial of the |
engines. The ship arrived in the lower i
bay at ten minutes to 10 p. m., and at 5 j
a. m. the foHowing morning-, after ad
justing the compass, ran outside and
made two speed runs up and down !
from the five-fathom bank lightship ]
to northeast end lightship."
Captain Brownson. then gives the j
time ietween The different, points in the '
first run, nhi«_h was mpde at a speed]
of 15.45 knots perhour, and of the sec- 1
ond run . which was made with a
speed of 17.19 knots per hour, giving an
average for the two runs of 16.32 knots, j
"The speed was based." continued
Captain Brownson, "on the distance
between the two lightships. 11.25 knots, t
The weather was squally, with fresh
wind, and the sea from northward to
eastward, and doubtless interfered se
riously with the speed of the ship on
the runs. No defects of a serious na
ture developed, and, all things consid
ered, the trial may be considered as
highly satisfactory."
suzerainty question to drop.
Ttv dispatch of August 21 makes the
proposed concessions expressly condi
tional upon Great Britain undertaking
not to interfere in the future with the
Transvaal, not to insist upon a further
assertion "f existent f suzerainty and
; ., agree to arbitration.
Th»' reply <>t the imperial Govern
ment, dated August 20. declares that
Great Britain considers that the pr>>;..>
sals put forward as alternative to those
of July 21 assume the adoption in prin
ciple of a franchise which will not be
hampered by r-onditions impairing its
usefulness and which will secure imme
diate representation.
With respect to intervention, the im
perial note says that the Government
cannot debar themselves from their
rights under the conventions, or divest
themselves of the obligations of a civil
ized power to protect its subjects
abroad from injustice.
The note concludes by reminding the
Transvaal that other matters exist
which the grant of a political franchise
will not settle and which are not the
proper subjects for arbitration. These,
the note declares, it will be necessary
to settle concurrently with the ques
tions already under discussion, and
they will form, with the questions of
arbitration, proper subjects for the
proposed Caps. Tqwi^conference.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
GENERAL SEBERT SAYS
DREYFUS IS INNOCENT
Retired Artillery Gonr\mar\der Proves a PoWerfui
Friervd of tKe pVisorxer.
AN AFTERNOON SCENE BEFCRE GUERIN'S HOME.
RENNES, Sept. I.— This was a
very satisfactory day for Drey
fus. The Beaurepalre witness,
Germain, who was to have
proved that Dreyfus attended
the Alsatian maneuvers, found his
statements denied by a reputable wit- i
ness, while Germain himself, it was J
proved, underwent two convict sen- j
tences for swindling.
This was the only testimony against !
Dreyfus, the rei^ain'ier of the deposi- j
tions being in his -favor, fever*) of
them being: very weighty, as in the
case of Captain Carvallgo, General Se
bert and Major Hartmann, their evi
dence going to show that particulars
| of the firing manual of the "120 gun"
and hydro-pneumatic brake were al- !
> most matters of common knowledge
among the officers and that the con
tention that Dreyfus from his special
position on the staff and peculiar.move
ments could be acquainted with them
had no solid basis. This was the sum
Tho Pretoria version of the imperial
reply was that Mr. Chamberlain was
unable to consider in-" 1 Transvaal's pro
posals as an alternative to a joint com
mission of inquiry.
PRETORIA, Sept. I.— The Volksraad
hap deferred the discussion of the cor
respondence exchanged between the
imperial and Transvaal Government
until Monday, when a motion regarding
the presence of British troops on the
Transvaal border will be debated se
cretly. Herr Fischer, the special envoy
of the Orange Free State, has arrived
here from Bloemfontein and is consult
ing with the Government on the situa
tion. Last night's session of the Volks
raad was short, as the reply to Great
Britain was not ready.
Herr Fischer was present at the se
i cret session of the Volksra.ad this even
. ing. a circumstance that caused a great
deal of curiosity. I^rge crowds gath
i ered around the building, anxious to
! learn the latest intelligence. President
, Kruger remained in the executive ses
| sion until a late hour discussing the sit
i uation. An influential section of the
I Afrikanders here wired to-day to Herr
Hoffmeyer, leader of the Afrikander
party in Cape Colony, to come to Preto
ria immediately.
CAPE TOWN, Sept. I.— Reports re
ceived here from various outlying dis
tricts of the Transvaal describe them
as being in a state of excitement. The
of to-day's proceedings, which were
not marked by any incident of unusual
importance, the Roget-Brugere episode,
in which General Roget clearly gave
himself away, being- the only matter
which attracted especial attention.
M. Bertlllon were severely snubbed
by the president of the court when he
wished to reply to General Sebert, who
had condemned his system as fanatical.
As soon ;; : Svbert had finished
'is i . • ... B< Hi •:. boUJ "d up
and ask-.i . i be allo *d to speak, but
Colonel Jouaust quickly turned to the
usher ami Bald; "Bring In the next wit
ness."' wherenpon M. Bertillon, ex
trem<-ly angered, returned to his seat.
GENERAL SEBERT COMES
TO THE AID OF DREWFUS
RENNES. s.-pt. L— lmmediately after
the opening of the fifth session of the
fourth week of the second trial by court
martial of Captain Alfred Droyfus.
t-iM-rhrn II I*: -silfil .irr -ifi«li. in--.. ltV.
.lit.i«li?pini.i<»- K__<.*V_. Mil Mn i_.._OHfclt_c
cl llii'in 11. I*. l««r i|-iKt_io>.l'__l -..•! ' |pi..m :
•if i | -X-iintsa Tiit.tr 1-t ii -.(-.p-ruf _v- j
i/'lllK C IIfIMPH _lltf]i>t At- ■ ___-•?., l._.i bU'!^
-..-.* li>V<* ->'"*^ la.lli.il tc, (IH
I'Miiiroiiritiun--: .in*. llhUl r»niia> fn fa) VI •
ib<}nr*'>lv-'- iiiui t-h" iiiucin-p i» l**lu!.- 1
•.!•_..> in ili*-* I'-.fiii ••' no iMijliiruU- I
t-r.. .!■;",:.. >__' '| ."■ Dnirm* T-'rv*-..
Suitb, •_?f-)i". li— '| .■• ri.;:-*rt i in >*ici.l. <.*.ip
t'ljiiiiiy hy *< li>' v <ii ni«\r .pnTiL'i' I 111 • nr
rte/-f hiiv-' |i_«j.'.i»i v, Hi r-w ll>» Imnifdintc
•.iifiplv i.f . ai i|c...-i.i ;iinl r'lirri'iflces, in
lhe nmn .'"'.''■'■n'"- _.■-'••■ ,\i-i|lloi'v."l/i A.-
-i'liii'-hI iklih HTlt'.lUc
t'f'LWV AY. M.it-»i*i«ioiD.niT. - d-.1.
■A.rk'a. is-.p.. "1-— _••.-.-__ _•*. '.Toe •-- - 1- . i- - 1
I .um-^r'ti ,i.inprtri.v .lr*— .- .... .<» thm
.■in*-. .)«tiy sntiy -^'l'Jth UUiitit- .ln v_jt
uni'erh ix. •- j_nvi;ti ■' ' '••■<•■'
1.. .-• PO*.. Scvpi t. •"•Ci* -D'li*! Hi tor
*.,,. i .McTi'lir.M. till- Ohiiiintnini
brt-ii. b_i_." i.. ■•*.. '- -..-i-iy Eumiii"n.d ic-\ '
...purl at the Wnr 0«li'«i Dr e*cn>__l^d
lb co %•> t___j>'' CnTi'tiy-- , } .__- '
Ji»HANNESUriIO; -•• -..' 1- -The'
t.-vy*i \» p.iipurln^f-*' 1 : the ■•', -nl ..Tin 1. -pi
Of.Mfir. Th- tllTTirttr-y ..r tilt, »:iill._r'__. , _»
Home a r_ ,-. nK tv Natal- The Town
<'.*.iri.i! 1* proetdltin ■» thr*-*.-. months'
Supply rtt £<*_•■- 'foflh-'inon and nti|it.i_|K
cnnri--ct*d.' with lit- muni. H...1 : nKpi__rti
mrtnii-. All o_t_-_lnc.lr.U-ti_ f.r.- ..._•-.
and !.ir._>i of- tho prominent met.- have
already Hell Julian n.aburg, J
r_~ - .7 ■■..*. _ _-__
FUTILE APPEAL FOR GUERIN.
♦ PARIS. Sept. I.— Cardinal Rich- ♦
♦ ard. Archbishop of Paris, paid a ♦
>- visit to-day to the Premier, M. ♦
•4- Waldeck-Rousseau, on behalf of M. ♦
♦ Jules (Juerln, the anti-Semite agi- ♦
4- tator, and his companions, now be- ♦
4- sieged in the headquarters of the -♦■
-♦- anti-Semite League, and urged a +
4- peaceful solution of the difficulty. ♦
+ "We have shown great patience," -4
•♦- M. Waldeck-Rousseau declared, -♦■
+ "but all those who' respect Justice ♦
4- will hold that the law must pre- ■♦■
♦■ vail." ■♦■
4- >
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
charged -with treason, the president of
the court. Colonel Jouaust, aroused the
Interest the audience by remarking :
"Maitre Labori the. other day asked that
information be obtained regarding the
character of a certain witness. I would
not have acceded if the witness had not
expressed a similar desire. Information
which has now reached me will be read."
The clerk of the court accordingly read
a report regarding M. Debruil, the Paris
lan friend of M, de Beaurepaire, who
testified on August 23 to the effect : that
Dreyfus met a German attache at the
house of a mutual friend named Bodson
the cross-examination reflecting severely
on his reputation. The report was to the
effect that M. Dubriel never was a horse
dealer, as claimed by M. Labori, and that
the character of the witness was most
respectable, he being held in general es
teem.
A groom named Germain then deposed
to having seen Dreyfus at the German
army maneuvers in Alsace. The general
effect of the testimony of the witness was
rather unfavorable to the prisoner. Ger
main declared he saddled a horse for
Dreyfus to follow the maneuvers and he
said that Major Infrevllle accompanied
Dreyfus, adding that the major told the
witness the name of his companion.
Colonel Jouaust questioned Dreyfus,
and although he did not confound the
prisoner in . any. way, Dreyfus made a
weak reply in declaring that he could not
remember whether he hired horses of
Germain's employer or not.
The next two witnesses, however, gave
strong testimony in favor of Dreyfus and
badly knocked Germain's testimony about.
His employer, a man named Kuhlman.
got up and declared that all Germain had
said was untrue, and Major Infreville
followed and declared he never knew
Dreyfus, so Germain's allusions to him
were baseless.
Captain Lemonnier, who was a proba
tioner on the headquarters staff at the
same time as Dreyfus, deposed that the
prisoner told him he was well acquainted
with a certain German position because
he had followed the Alsatian maneuvers.
Dreyfus replied that Captain Lemonnier
must have mixed up his remarks. The
prisoner added that he was acquainted
with thai part of Alsace because he had
spent his youth there, and not because
he was present at the maneuvers of the
German army ttiere.
A witness named Villon then told a tale
of how he overheard a conversation in a
Berlin cafe between two German officers,
ii! which a remark was made that mobili
lization plans were expected from Drey
fus. The cafe, however, has since dis
appeared and there are no means of veri
fying Villon's story.
Commissary Fischer testified that ho
was charged to investigate the leakage of
documents at the gunnery school at
Bourses and found nothing to incriminate
Dreyfus.
Lieutenant Bernheim testified that he.
lent Esterhazy documents dealing with
artillery and 'was unable' to get them
back. Artillery Lieutenant Bruges, who
attended a gunnery course at Chalons,
testified that it was easy for an outsider
to obtain particulars about the' guns. He
said that he himself had lent his firing
manual to an infantry officer. General
Hoget asked to be confronted with the
witness and said the latter wrote to M.
Cavaignac, then Minister of War, a vio
lent letter of resignation, in which he de
clared it was a dishonor to serve in the
French army.
This declaration caused a scene, for
Lieutenant Brugere, turning to General
Roget. cried:
"I protest against General Rogers
words. I affirm that I never said any
such thing."
General Hoget then backed down, say
ing:
"Well, that was the general sense of the
letter."
A roar of disgust came from the audi
ence at this apparent underhandedness
upon the part of the general, and Lieu«
tenant Brugere again emphatically de
clared General Ro^et was wrong.
M. Labori and Colonel Jouaust agreed
that the letter should be obtained from
the Ministry of War and read in court.
The Lieutenant expressed satisfaction at
this step. ;V :i ' ' , _ .
The next witness. Captain Carvalho, a
handsome young artillery officer, proved
an excellent reinforcement for Dreyfus.
He gave his evidence clearly and boldly.
He emphatically declared that there were
no special precautions to keep the mecn
anism of the "120 short gun" secret. More
over, he added, from April. 1804. the ar
tillery officers had a description of the
hydro-pneumatic brake given them. ; ■
"Here." said Captain Carvalho, "is an
actual copy of the manual, which I hand
over to the court-martial."
M. Labori then had an animated discus
sion with Colonel Jouaust. who at first
refused counsel's request to read a letter
which the latter had received yesterday
evening, signed "Corning," setting forth
that the firing manual had been ( copied by
men referred to as "A" and "B."
Colonel Picquart, in reply to M. I>abori,
confirmed the statement made in the let
ter, and said he thought Major Lauth
could say something on that point, where
upon the major, rose and declared he did
not know "Corning." M. Labori then
asked to be allowed to question Major
J-auth. but Colonel Jou&ust refused.
REIGN OF ANARCHY
STARTED IN SAN
DOMINGO'S CAPITAL
Mob Breaks Into the Governor's Palace and
the Homes of Members of the
Late Cabinet.
Enraged Because Former Ministers Were Detected Loading
Arms and Ammun tion Aboard Ships
in the Harbor.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1599,
by James Gordon Bennett.
SAX DOMIXGO, Sept. I.— Members
of the retiring Cabinet of former
President Figuereo were detected
yesterday loading a lot of arms
and ammunition on board schoon
ers, which they Intended to send to ;
Azua, This discovery caused great ex- j
citement in the city and led to serious ;
j demonstrations. Large crowds quickly
formed in the streets, the majority be
! ing young hot-headed men, who
marched up and down the thorough- ,
fares in disorderly mobs shouting
"Viva Jimenes" and "Viva Revolucion"
at the top of their voices.
The great throng finally gathered
around the Governor's Palace last
I night, -angrily demanding that the Min
isters should at once relinquish all
their powers.
The mob then broke into the Palace
and destroyed a painting of the late
President Heureaux, hanging in one of
the rooms.
From the Palace the mob marched to
the residences of several members of
the Cabinet and begun hurling stones
through the windows, after smashing
the shutters. The Governor appeared
powerless and made no effort to curb
I the disorder.
These riotous demonstrations contin
ued until midnight, when the fright
ened and helpless Ministers announced
i that they would turn over their powers
! to men to be selected by the citizens.
; Four citizens were promptly chosen
S by the mob to act as a committee of
; safety, and it was agreed that this
, j committee should act in concert with
i t Governor Mejia until the members of
: j the provisional government arrive to
■ ' take control of affairs. The mob dis
■ | persed after firing many shots.
Foreigners here are safe as yet, but it
\ is impossible to tell what the next fort
, night may bring. Things look gloomy
: for the establishment of a stable Gov
• eminent. The revolutionists have or
i ganized a provisional Ministry in San
■ tiago. headed by Horacio Vasquez, with
[ ! Ramon Cacceres as Minister of War.
I 1 The revolutionists are undecided as to
' the man they want for President. It is
■ ! understood on excellent authority
I j however, that they are not in favor of
I 1 putting Jimenes at the head of the re
; i public. This attitude of the revolu
j tionists is likely to cause a clash, and
'> thus lead to fresh disturbances.
l Jimenes cabled to-day that his emis
' ! saries would soon arrive here and that
: he would follow them. Jimenes is pop
> ular in this city, but the masses are
1 fickle and will desert him on the slight
' : est provocation. The popular idol just
Counsel insisted, but Colonel Jouaust
waved him down, when M. Labor! cried:
"You suppress all awkward questions.
(Sensation.) by this lively retort had
Tht Btlr caused by this lively retort had
not yet subsided when the Government
i commissary. Major Carriers, arose and
' begged to point out that the defense was
'■ constantly asking leave to spe*k. and that
i when he, the commissary, asked to do so
: he was refused the necessary permission,
! to which Colonel jouaust replied: _
"I have heard enough. Hold your
i tongues Be quiet. "l'he incident is
; closed." (Prolonged laughter.)
Addressing Lionel I'lcquart, M. l^abort
"When did you know that the firing
manual was being copied?"
Colonel Picouart— the summer or
M Labor! having remarked that this
was all he desired to ask at present Gen
eral Hippolyte Sebert, retired, of the ma
i rine artillery deposed. He preceded his
testimony by saying .he did not think he
1 ought to withhold the evidence he was
able to give ss he felt it would contribute
fo the repatriation of a judicial error The
general then criticized the bordereau from
a professional standpoint, pointing out
! that the writer must have been a low
classed man. negotiating directly with a
' correspondent on whose doles he was de
j pendent. He said he was probably an of
ficer but certainly not an artillery offi
cer adding that this was proved by the
' employment of expressions an artillery
< man could not have used.
The witness gave a number of instances
: showing the dense ignorance displayed in
i gunnery technicalities by the writer of the
I bordereau, and amid profound silence Gen
eral Sebert declared that his study of the
case had led him to the conviction that
the bordereau could not have been wm
; ten by an artillery officer nor by an officer
belonging to a special arm of the service
who had passed rough the polytechnic
Sebert referred to the satisfac
tion he felt at knowing that the experts
! of the highest standing in handwriting
! had confirmed his opinion and had dis
missed M. Bertillon's assertions, saying
I that on examination he, the witness, had
! easily found proof of the worthlessnesa
', of that demonstration. (Sensation.)
"It is painful for me," added General
1 Sebert "to express such an opinion on
: the man whose name is connected with
: the application of the anthropometric
method, which has done the greatest serv
; ice But French science cannot give its
authority to lugubriations so pretentious
as those M. Bertlllon brought.here. I as
sert most emphatically that the bordereau
was not written by an artillery officer nor
by an officer who passed through the poly
technic school. , , , , ,
"1 have been sustained in giving my
evidence by my firm belief in the entire
innocence of Dreyfus, and I am glad I
have had strength enough, to bring here
; the stone which I have to lay on the edi
fice of repatriation which you are con
; structing so carefully and conscientiously
I while holding aloof from outside passions.
(Excitement.) This edifice is the work of
appeasement and peace which will restore
! the country to an era 'of concord and
I union." (Prolonged excitement.)
General Sebert expressed his opinion of
Valerio's evidence in support of M. Ber
tillon's system, saying that in spite of the
latter's talent he had not succeeded in
converting a false theory into a true cm-.
M. Bertilion at this point exclaimed, "I
beg leave to speak." .
Colonel. Jouaust asked the prisoner- if. he
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
now is Cacceres. who has assumed the
office of Minister of War.
Wise heads among men who havp had
long experience in San Domingo affairs
regard the outlook for the future as
warranting a feeling of grave appre
hension.
DOMINICANS ARE
GREATLY REJOICED
They Are Pleased at the Success of
the Revolution of
Jimenes.
CAPE HATTIEN, Sept. I.— There is
: great rejoicing in the Dominican col
only here over the report that Jimenes
has been chosen President of Santo
Domingo by the successful revolution
ists. A telegram has been received by
■ General Imbert from his uncle, the
provisional Governor of • Porto Rico,
asking him to request Jimenes to no
] there without delay. Jimenes cabled to
1 his agents here that he would sail from
Santiago de Cuba to-day.
The news has just been received here
of the resignation of Figuereo as Presi
: dent of Sant<> Domingo.
General Aybar, an insurgent leader,
has just returned from Cuba, where h-j
consulted with Jimenes. He left to
night for Dajabon to confer with Gov
ernor Pi^hardo of Monte Christi. who
has not yet surrendered.
VASQUEZ AT THE HEAD
OF THE NEW GOVERNMENT
Provisional Officers Chosen and a
Committee of Safety Named
by the People.
SANTO DOMIXGO, Sept. I.— The
; revolutionists have formed the follow
. ing provisional government:
-;<lent — Horatio Vasquez.
Minister of Interior — Jose Brache.
Minister of War— Raman Cacer°s.
Minister of Foreign Affairs — Do
mingo Ferreras.
Minister of Finance — Samuel Moya.
Minister of Justice — Jt>.=<=- Manoel.
Minister of Agriculture — Arturo
Zeno.
Minister of Posts and Telegraphs-
Joseph Fro Guzman.
The seat of the provisional govern
i ment up to the present has been at
Moca.
There was some disorder here. Th<*
residences of Amiami Diamaron and
I former Minister Henriquez and that of
former Governor Pichardo were stoned.
Nobody, however, was injured. Hen
! riquez has resigned, and it is supposed
i that the other Ministers will do the
I same. A commission composed of
i Patino Marana Castro and Alvaro
i Logrone has been appointed to main
j tain order.
had anything- tn say in reply to the wit
ness and the prisoner replied that he had
not. Then Colonel Jouaust, without tak
ing the slightest notice of M. Benilloii.
called the next witness, Major Ducros uf
the artillery, who showed that Dreyfus
had abundant opportunities in ISM to ob
tain Information about guns, but did not
take advantage of them.
General Herder tried to belittle this tes
itmnny hy saying Dreyfus was probably
aware that knowledge of the Ducroa gun.
was no lniipt-r of Importance, since the gun
had been rejected in favor of the Depot
gun.
Major Hanman of th*» artillery was th?
nexi witness foi th< defense. He asked
permission to reft r to certain of the docu
ments which were produced durincr th*»
se.-rf-t session of the court yesterday,
upon which he said .he had reached im
portant conclusions. But General de Love
objected. ft> it was contrary to the in
structions of thf Minister of War.
The major then asked the court to rit
briefly in camera, and Colonel Jouaust
promised to render a decision later. Pro
ceeding. Major Hartman testified on
highly technical subjects, his evidence be
ing the s,<ime as given before the Court of
Cassation and as already published e«rlv
In the year. He spoke in loud, -'nergetic
tones and occupied the whole of the re
mainder of the session. The major will
continue his testimony to-morrow.
DU PATY DE CLAM
MAKES A CONFESSION
Sensational Revelations Exposing All
the Crookedness of Which He
Is Guilty.
RENNES, Sept. I.— The World's coh-a
ppondr-nt is Informed on the best author
; Ity that Colonel I)u Paty de Clam haa
I made the most sensational revelation, ex-
I posing all the crookedness of which ha
! is guilty, in obedience to the direct in
| struction of his chiefs of the general staff.
! This was revealed to Major Taverni'
| commissioner appointed by Colonel Jou
j aust, president of the court-martial, to
take I>u Paty de Clam's testimony in
Paris, where he lies ill.
At this moment. 11 o'clock at night, a
j meeting of the generals and of the prin
j eipal satellites Is being held in the house
which M. Cavaignac, a former Minister of
War. has secretly maintained here as the
headquarters <>f the inner circle of anti-
Dreyfusites. M. Cavaignac pretended to
go to Paris after the fourth day of the
trial. He really has been in Paris since
the first day of Major Tavernier's exam
ination of Dv Paty de Clam. He has be^n
pulling wires in the attempt to learn what
Dv Paty de Clam has been testifying to.
M. Cavaignac returned here to-night.
The World correspondent learns that he
brought if not a complete copy of D4I
Patv de Clam's testimony at least a fairly
explicit synopsis of it. I'pon his return,
was issued tne hurried summons which
g-athered the generals in his house. They
are now discussing their plan of defense.
General Roget's and Captain Cuignefs
I mean abandonment of him has defiantly
i antagonized Dv Paty de Clam. All ef
i forts made by General Gonse to pacify
i him have been in vain. Dv Paty de Clam*
j family have persuaded him to resign hi 3
I commission in the army as soon as he haa
Continued on Fourtb. Pa^t, -2
RAILWAY BUILDERS
RACING TO COMPLETE
LINES IN MEXICO
Hnntington Trying to Beat a Rival Road Into
a Rich Mining District of the
Republic. -
Will Put a Contraction Force of Thousands of Men at
Work in an Attempt to Lay the First Rails
Into the Desired Territory.
Special Plßpatrh to The r- a M.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. I.— An excit
ing contest in railroad building
is in progress in Mexico and the
result i? being watched with no
little interest by the business
men of that country. The rivalry is
between Collis P. Huntington and as
sociates and the Mexican Central Rail
way Company. Mr. Huntington and
the "th> r capitalists comprising the
Southern Pacific Company are owners
of the Mexican International Railroad,
which runs from Ciudad Porflrio Diaz,
on the Rio Grande border, t i Durango,
Mexico, with branch lines from Reata
to Monterey and from Mooclova to
Cuatro Cienegas. Tin- Mexican Central
runs from Juarez, on the Rio Grande
border, to the City of Mexico, with
branch lines to Guadalajara, Tampteo
and other places. Located to the west
of the Mexican Central and the Mexi
can International roads is a chain of
large and productive mining camps.
These rich mining districts were over
a hundred miles distant from railroad
communication and their development
has been greatly retarded on this ac
count.
Something over a year ago the M< xi
can Central quietly began a survey for
a branch line, which was to be built
from Jiminex, on the main line, in the
State of Chihuahua, to Parral. a hun
dred miles t" the west, and thence to
ward tho south to thp city of Dura
passing through Inde, Guanacevi and
all the other rich mining camps "t" that
pertion. Before the people of that lo
cality hardly knew what the survey
meant the work of construction was
begun. Several thousand men were
put to w.>rk and the road was com
pleted far toward Parral in an ln<
ibly short time.
Mr. Huntington was promptly ad
RESTRICTIONS ON
CONTRACT LABOR
Japanese May Ke Kept
Out of Hawaii.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Aug. 26.— 1t Is announced
authoritatively that the policy of the Ha
waiian Government in regard to Jaj
immigration i:- to !"■ more restrictive, and
a c immunicatiofi to the Federal Govern
ment to that effect baa been prepared by
the executive, the contents of which, as
a matter of courtesy, cannot be divulged
until ii ha* reached Washington.
In brief, hbwever, this policy is that no
further applications for Japanese contract
labor will !»■ granted to planters except to
enable them to bring up tl.'-ir quota of
Japanese to the equivalent ol the n ..
of laborers of all other nationalities <m
ployed on Individual plantations. This it
is thought will compel them to ke. p to
their contracts, which have been vio
It is said that the situation in n<it em
barrassing to the planters, although the
attarks on Portuguese and Italian Immi
gration have made the position somewhat
hard on them In temporarily delaying pre
vious arrangements, which they imagined
%aii i immati 3,
It is feared by many that the very
doubtful experiment of Introducing Amer
ican n< gri ■■■ .-..■■: ...... : , ■■ a tempted
unless American white laborers can be ob
tained, \\hi<h seeme doubtful bo far as
work in thi - is concerned.
There is s.>m.> hope thai the Minister of
Finance, ri. -M. Damon, maj carry out h ; s
once avowed Intention of proceeding i ■
Italy ni)<l endeavoring to straighten out
the Italian Immigration affair in Northern
Italy, but be claims that his plans have
been somewhat Btralned by a premature
publication of hi.s views.
MAY SECURE LABORERS.
Minister Damon to Extend His Trip
to Italy.
HONOLn.r. Aug. 15.— Minister s. M.
Damon may extend his coming trip
abroad as far >i.« Italy. He mao >ail by
the steamer on September 2, and as the
situation now is will be jo ne for an in
definite time. In Italy he will have Im
portant business. Jt will be to straighten
out the complications which frustrated
the plans ■; some months ago to bring
Italians to Hawaii for lab,or purposes.
The original order to Italy was for ik«'i
men. With women and children, tin'
inimhcr of acting irnnrtjrraniK would
probably he i:. two or three
thousand. This was the iVist order and
would have been followed bj others. As
;.-, well known, it failed.
Ostrich Farm a Failure
HONOLULU. Aug. 25.— The steamer W.
G. Hall brought eleven ostriches from
Kaual. They are" the survivors of forty
three which were taken there two or three
years ago. They have been purchased
for the oetrfdh farm at Pasadena and will
be shipped on the bark Mauna Loa. .This
probably marks the end of attempts at
ostrich farming In the Hawaiian .Islands.
Mrs. Cowles Killed
HONOLULU, Aug. 25.— Mrs. In»z B.
Cowles met with a street a< ! 'i I on the
22d ar.d received Injuries fr«>m which she
died twenty-four hours later. The <!•■
--ceaied came here about Ove month
from Galena. 111. She leaves an adopted
son at San Mateo, I ;.l
Schooner Alton a Wreck
HONOLULU. Aim. 25.— The schooner
Alton Is a total wreck on the Kona cons'
of "Hawaii. The vessel went ashore on
the 20th. end within two hours was broken
up. She was owned by McChesney . &
Sons and was valued at $6000.
CAPTAIN DISCIPLINED
Commander Taussig of the Benning
ton Is Ordered Home.
WASHINGTON. Sept. I.— Edward D.
Taussltr has been relieved of the command
of the gunboat Bennfngton by orders of
Admiral Watson and ordered home .from
Manila. He Is said to have differed from
the admiral as to the management of the
Beet, and his criticisms led to the action
here noted. •...-"• • • ■ ;
vised by his representatives in Mexico
"f this move i>n the part of the Mexi
can Central Company. He acted on the
information promptly. He placed a
surveying party in the field to locate a
road from Durango to Farral, passing:
thmugh Inde, Guanaoevi and all the
other mining camps that the Mexican
Central's branch line is proposed tQ
tap. The route of this road has been
already located to a point beyond the
thriving town of Papasquiaro, in the
State of Durango, and it is authorita
tively announced that a force of over
three thousand men will be employed
in the construction of the road by the
lirst part of October. It is Mr. Hunt-
Ington's determination to beat the Mex
ican Central to Guanacevi and to force
the building of that branch road to
Mop at that place. It remains to be
seen whether the Mexican Central will
submit to this competition or continue
the road to Durango as was the origi
nal intention.
It is not probable that the road that
is being built by Mr. Huntington will
Btop at Parral. It is reported that it
is proposed to extend it to Gijaymas
on the Pacific Coast, where it will con
nect \Vith the Sonora branch of the
Southern Pacific, which is also a Hunt
ington property. Th<- route of the road
from Parral will be across the Sierra
Madres, passing through the rich
Batopilas mining district, where "Boss"
Shepherd's mines are located.
It is also confidently expected that
the Mexican International's extension
from Duranga to the port of Mazatlan
will be completed within the next two
years. The construction work on this
extension will be the heaviest and the
engineering problems encountered the
most difficult ever undertaken in Mex
ico, and the building of the line will
necessarily be very slow.
NEW BUILDING
FOR STANFORD
Three Departments Will
Be Housed In It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 1.
-Plans have Just been completed for
the erection of another large building
on the campus in the outer quadrangle.
It will be occupied by the- history,
economic and English departments,
and the work Df construction will be
gin in si very short time. The arrange
ment of the building has been left with
the heads of the three departments,
arid the plans have been drawn espe
cially to meet their requirements. The
contract for the building has not been
let but it will in all probability fall to
Contractor McGibery, who has con
st l-uctfl the other buildings of the
quadrangle.
Charles O. 7-athrop of Pan Francisco,
tfeasurer and business manager of the
1 university, was on the campus yester
day. He has plated a contract for the
erection of a $10,000 residence on the
; small hill directly south <>f the univer
sity buttdlngß. With the increased ac
tivity in university affairs Mr. Lathrop
finds it necessary to be near the uni
versity in order to manage the busi
ness ond. The change will transfer the
business office from San Francisco to
the institution and will be welcomed
by all who are interested in the welfare
; of th<' university.
HAL B THE WINNER,
Seven Heats Required in Which to
• Decide the 2:09 Pace.
HARTFORD, Conn.. Sept. The sport
at Charter Oak Park was long drawn out
to-day, only two races on the card being
called. The main Interest was in the 2:09
pace, in which Hal B was the favorite at
100 to 50. It took seven heats to close the
contest,' Exploit and Helena Duplex each
taking one and The Maid two. Helena
Duplex broke to a distance in the fifth
heat, after having won in the fourth, and
was. out of, ft. although she had been
looked upon toward the close of the race
to do it handily. Hal 13 had a good deal
in him, and by careful management Geers
managed to get him the race. '
In the 2:23 trot Fleetwood was favorite,
but lost a tire off her sulky wheel at the
turn in the first heat and was distanced.
Princess then came In as a favorite, but
was not equal to the winning. TUohland
took the race Paul Pry second, Princess
third. D. A. Snell of New Bedford drove
hi.-- stallion Jupe to beat his record of
2:10%. The mile was made in 2:07&. Re
sults: ■ '. ;;<
2:!3 trot, puree $l.*oo— Richland won second,
third «nd sixth heat*. Time. 2:164, 2:16',.
2:20V6- Paul Pry won the fourth heat in 2:16*4
and was second. Prineeiis won the fim heat
In 2;i6 1 >4. Annie Burns, Lasso, Cello and Fleet
v. rod -also started. '■■-,
■ 2:flH pace, purM $3225— Hal B won second,
third and seventh heats. Time. 2:05*4, 2:07,
2:1M 4 . The Maid won the first and slxtn heats
and wan . second. Time, 2:0»> l i. 2:H',i- Exploit
won the fifth heat In 2:11H and was third.
Helena Duplex, distanced In the fifth heat won
the fourth In 2:0*4. Ace, Moth Miller and
McJoe Bin started. • .'•
— , .».
KAISER TAKES REVENGE
Officials Who Voted Against Canal
Bill Placed on Half Pay.
BERLIN.. Sept. I.— The Berliner Corre
spondenz says the Prussian Government
has temporarily suspended and placed on
half put a number of political and admin
istrative officials on the ground that, un
der the present circumstances "they do
I not adequately meet the high require
ments demanded in the Interests or the
■ public service."
The officials. suspended are two provin
: cial presidents— Yon Colmar of Luneberg
and VonJagow of Posen and T. Land
-1 rathe, who voted against the canal bill.
There is an unconfirmed rumor that the
Emperor has had the name of the Con
servative In the Prussian Diet, Count yon
Limburg-Stlrrum, struck off the court
I lists. •."•' •
THE SAN FRAJS CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
WARDEN AGUIRRE
SWINGS HIS AX
Official Heads Removed
at San Quentin.
THREE CHANGES ARE MADE
SUPERINTENDENT ALDEN THE
FIRST TO GO.
Silas Parker, Who Has Been a Guard
for Many Years, Discharged
on Account of Old
Age.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QVENTIN PRISON Sept. I.— The
stock of a number of local prophets rose
ahove par to-day when Warden Aguirre
again swuns his official ax and the heads
oi two high prison officials and a guard
fell into the political basket. Both offi
cials were succeeded by men whose names
lpd the list of appointments. Another of
ficial was changed in position and the
place left vacant by his transfer filled
by a new man.
Charles A. Alden, superintendent of the
I jute mill, was the first to go. Alden was
J a favorite of ex-Warden Hale and in ad
: dition to having his salary twice raised
and being made a notary public was given
spacious quarter's for himself and fam
ily in the guards' building. Aguirre nar
-1 rowed these quarters a few days after ho
took charge of the prison and completed
his iconoclastic work to-day. Alden is
succeeded by William Byrnes of San Ra
fael, whe was at one time a member of
i the San Francisco police force "and has
; a record as an honest and efficient officer.
He will draw $165 a month.
John Jones, superintendent of the stock
farm, was discharged and his position
given to John Grise of Compton. Jones is
a son-in-law of ex-Captain Birlem. Ilia
salary was recently raised from J7F>" to
$1"" and the latter figure will be Grise's
salary.
Conrad Pretzel, a brother-in-law of Col
lector M. F. Coughran of San Rafael, was
! relieved of the position of shipping clerk
and made steward of the officers' mess, a
1 place so menial that when Assistant Com.
j missary Herringer was asked to accept it
he chose instead to resign. A great quan-
I tit y of opium has been smuggled into the
prison through the "hoodoo" ganp, of
which Pretzel had charge, and Aguirre
found it necessary to put a live man
| there. George McDougall of San Francis-
I co was given the offico of shipping clerk.
Silas Parker, a Grand Army veteran,
who has been a guard for several years.
was also discharged on account of old
age. He was a brave man, who gave up
a vacation tour at the time of the strike
two years ago and returned to volunteer
his services.
THE PRESIDENT EN
ROUTE TO WASHINGTON
Leaving Canton He Declares That His
Visit Has Really Been a
Restful One.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. I.— To an ac
companiment <>f enthusiastic cheera
from the large crowd that thronged the
station platform, the special train bear
ing President and Mrs. McKinley
steamed out of Canton at 9 o'clock to
night. The President, from the rear
platform, bowed his acknowledgments
for the kindly demonstration. The
train goes direct f"> Washington, and
is due to arrive at 1 p. m. Saturday.
The President assured his friends
here that he had a really restful visit
Dr. Rixey expressed his belief that
Mrs. MeKinley is steadily recovering
from her indisposition of a month or
so, although her state of health while
here was such that she could see but
few people. While in Plttsburg she re
ceived such a shook from the continu
ous firing of cannon at the side of the
car as to give her a setback for the
time being. She was able this after
noon, however, to take a ride about
the city.
I Hiring the morning the President left
the Rarber residence Unattended and
leisurely sauntered up and across Mar
ket street to the McKinley block. Tlv
door to one of the offices in the block
still bears the inscription "William Mc-
Kinley. Attorney at Law." He entered
several of the offices and met and chat
ted with the tenants of his building:
and many other friends he chanced to
meet.
CONGO TROOPS AT WAR
WITH THE REBELS
Batella Natives Beyond Songola De
feated With a Loss of One
Hundred Men.
BRUSSELS. S<pt. I.— News has been re
ceived here of sharp fighting between the
Congo Free State troops under Baron
d'Hanls and the Batetla natives beyond
Songola. The rebels were driven back
with the loss of one hundred .men, The
Congo troops lost twenty-live native sol
diers. The rebels were not followed be
cause they retreated over famine and
smallpox, devastated trnrks. The coun
try is now reported to be quiet.
CHINESE FIGHT WITH
GFRMANS IN KIAOCHAU
Germany Issues an Ultimatum Say
ing That Her Subjects Must
Be Protected.
LONDON, Sept. I.— A special dispatch
received here to-day from Shanghai re
ports that serious trouble has occurred
in the Kiaochau hinterland between the
Germans and Chinese in which six of the
■ latter were shot. The German Minister
to China. Baron yon Kettoler, has handed
i an ultimatum to the Chinese Government
i declaring that unless there is security of
life and property and order is maintained
In the hinterland, Germany will take
steps to protect her own Interests.
TEA GROWN IN MEXICO.
Japanese So Successful That Colonists
Will Be Brought Out.
OAXACA, Mexico, Sept. I.— About 300
Japanese colonists located two years ago
j In the southern part of this State near
: Jlmlltepec. The colony was established
under the special auspices of the Japan
; cse Government under authority of a
: concession granted by the Mexican Qov
j eminent. The colony has been experl
: minting In tea-growing and has made
! Much 11 success that 5000 more .Japanese
■ men with their families are to be imme
! diately brought to Mexico and located
with the original colony. Other tropical
1 products are also raised by the colonists.
Their extensive plantations are located
: in the Verd River Valley.
STRIKE AT CHAMPS.
One Hundred and Fifty Men Quit
Work. ;r
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. I.— Expert ma
chinists and their helpers to the number
of }50 employed at Cramps' . shipyards
I went out on strike to-day. The men de
l mand an eight-hour day and the rein
statement of discharged employes'.
The entire works will be closed down
i to-night and remain closed until Septem
ber 11. The only reason given • for the
shut-down Is that the firm desires that
the visiting Grand Army veterans shall
have a full opportunity next week to visit
j the works. , > i:,*.-- •••. :' - ■" v i
Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be
an especially interesting paper.
Don't fail to get a copy.
FIVE KILLED IN
AN EXPLOSION
Republic Iron Works Are
Wrecked.
SEVEN PEOPLE INJURED
BUILDINGS A MILE AWAY SE
VERELY SHAKEN.
Work of Rescue Is Greatly Hampered
" by Reason of the Fact That
the Debris Catches on
Fire.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBT T RG, Pa.. Sept. I.— A holler ex
ploded at the Republic Iron Works on
South Twenty-fourth street shortly be-
I fore daylight to-day, killing five men and
seriously Injuring seven. The mill was
partly wrecked and the entire plant was
compelled to close down.
The killed:
DAVID MATTFIEWS. heater; married.
THOMAS BBAVBNS, heater; married.
WILLIAM THOMAS, heater; married.
JOHN WARMINIKI, heater.
JOHN EVANS.
Injured:
Malachai Donahue, 5S years old, pucl
| dler, fatally burned. Nell Donahue, his
son, 28 years old; will die. Frederick
Herb. 4S years, old; will die. Stephen Ma
laoaski, Henry Sanders. Peter Sohnitzer.
Unknown man, cut about head, left with
out giving his name.
The explosion occurred Just as the night
force was leaving; and the day force was
| coming on duty, so that there were only
I a few men in the mill at the time. If It
j had happened half an hour later the list
of dead and injured would have been
appalling. It occur r^d in the 14-inch de
partment and the concussion was terrific.
Buildings were shaken a mile away and
dust filled the air for two or three blocks.
It entered open windows and nearly stff
focated persons who were aroused by the
roar and the shocK.
Immediately following the explosion the
wreckage took fire Hfid this added to the
i difficulties encountered in rescuing liie
burned and mutilated victims.
A tire alarm was quickly Founded and
in a short time, the flames were under con
trol, after which the firemen were em
ployed in searching the ruins for the dead
and injured.
The first two bodies were identified as
those of Beavens and Matthews. The
men had been knocked down by the fly
ing bricks and were roasted to death by
the heat in their own furnaces.
When the boiler burst a section of it
weighing four tons was blown through
the roof and crashed Into the side of
the house of Gregory Sanders, about two
hundred yards distant. The building,
which was a frame, was wrecked, but the
occupants escaped with a bad fright. This
flying portion of the boiler tore down the
e-ntril supports of the roof, which fell
in and partially burned some of those in- I
Juror). The collapsed roof and the torn j
J and scattered pieces of machinery and
masonry formed a mass of wreckage in j
which the work of searching for the addi
tional bodies supposed to be hidden by it
was slow and tedious.
The bar mill, in which the accident nc
curred. Is a part of what is known as the
old Charter mill, and the present owner,!
tht- lifpublic Iron Works, is a department
of the National Tube Works, recently I
merK* 3 '! in the tube combine. The cause
of the explosion has not yet been deter
mined. The damage to the plant was
heavy, but the tirm could not estimate it
at this time.
NEGRO RIOTERS NOW
UNDERGOING TRIAL
Sheriff Testifies That One Man De
tailed to Guard the Jail
Joined the Mob.
DARIEN, Ga.. Sept. l.^The trial of five
of the negro rioters began this morning.
Arming them are two women. Sheriff
Blount and his special deputy, T. A.
Bailey, who intituled to enrry Henry
Delagel to Savannah, but who were in*
tlmldated by the presence of the negroes
and the ringing of the church bells, were
called to the stand. Mr. Bailey swore
that he went to the jail with the inten
tion of assisting tho Sheriff In taking the
prisoner away when he heard the be..
ring and saw the rugroos gather, some
with guns and all txclted. One of the
tiK'ii now on trial, James Wylly, was
heard by Mr. Bailey to say that if Do.
lagel was taken from jail the streets of
Darien would run with blood.
The most interesting feature of Sheriff
Blount'a testimony was that he sum
moned a number of negroes to guard tho
jail after the demonstration and among
them was Bon Dunham, whom he had
Been in the crowd with a gun at the
height of the tumult. Mr. Blount ex-
that he hail placeri this guard at
i lie jail to ease the minds of the negro
population.
W. G. Charlton is conducting the ex
amination of witnesses for the prosecu
tion and Judge 11. I). D. Twi- for tne
defense. The indictments returned by tho
Grand Jury were all for rioting. Thirty-
Beven true bills were returned and in
twenty-two cases no bills wore found.
This action of the Grand Jury in turning
loose twenty-two men under arrest left
no excuse for a motion of a change of
venue and no motion of that kind was
made. The trial will continue several
days.
PASSENGER AGENTS MEET.
Discuss the Question of the Division
of Military Traffic.
OMAHA, Sept. I.— After a session last
ing for two days the trans-Missouri com
mittee of the Western Passenger Associa
tion concluded Its sessions to-day. The
principal matter under discussion was the
question of military rates. All present
agreed that the best plan that could be
adopted would be on the basis of an
equitable, distribution of the business at a
uniform rate. Such a proposition was
agreed upon, but before it can become op
erative It must receive the sanction of the
■ Missouri Pacific. Ttio Grande and West-
I crn, Colorado Midland and other roads
; which failed to have representatives pres
i ent at the meeting-.
Another matter which was taken up has
relation to the adoption of a clock ticket
on certain Montana points. It seems that
there h;is been an extraordinary amount
of scalping on Montana business, and the
committee belloved that the establishment
of the clock ticket would put a stop to
this.
TRAIN HELD UP.
Crew Makes Resistance and One Rob-
ber Is Killed.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Sept. I.— Word was
received hero late to-night that a Peona,
DecnUir and Kvansville train had be»n
held up by rof>bers at Lincoln, thirty-five
miles north of this city.
The robbers boarded the night passm
•rr-r tmin when it stopped for coal at a
mini' near the city. Resistance was made
by the train crew and one robber wus
killed. Further details of the affair aie
not now obtainable.
Fever Spreads in Mexico.
AUSTIN, Tex.. Sept. I.— State • Health
Officer W. F. Blunt was to-day notified
by '.lie United States Marine Hospital
Service surgeons in Mexico that yellow
fever had spread to a number of points in
the isthmus of T» huantepec. The epidemic
is severs at San deronimo. Juchitlan,
C.himalpa anil niher towns of that sec
tion. The disease has also made its ap
pearance at Jalajva in the State of Vera
Cruz. This place is a favorite resort for
American tourists. The epidemic is more
extensive ami the fatality greater in
Southern Mexico than for many years.
One Body Recovered.
YUMA. Ariz.. Sept. l.—The mangled re
mains of Bodolto Wilson, one of the vic
tims of Wednesday's fire, was recovered
frr.m the ruins kite this afternoon. The
tr- nch dug yesterday by convicts drained
the wnter out of the basement and the
work of recovering the dead was carried
on to better advantage.
SAYS CANAZIANI
WAS MURDERED
Coroner Eden Examines
the Body.
FINDS FRACTURE OF THE NECK
EVIDENCES OF A STRUGGLE ABE
DISCOVERED.
B«lief Is That the Man Was
Murdered and the Body
Thrown Over the
Fence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. I.— G. Canaziani,
the section hand in the employ of the
North Pacific Coast Railway Company
whose body was found a mile south of
Howards yesterday by the crew of the
north bound train, was murdered. Positive
evidence to this effect was discovered this
evening by Coroner Edward Eden, who
has thereby furnished the authorities with
a clew that may lead to the arrest of the
assassin. Were it not that the remains
of Canaziani were shipped to this city for
interment ;t is entirely probable that none
but the murderer himself would ever have
known that a crime had been committed,
owing to the bungling work of a jury im
paneled to hold an inquest by Coroner
Pierce of Sonoma County.
When Canaziani's body was found it wag
hanging over a rail fence in plain sight
of a dwelling on the hill. It was first
taken to Howards, and afterward removed
to Occidental, where an inquest was held
to-day by a jury impaneled by Coroner
Pierce. The verdict was that deceased
came to his death from causes unknown.
The remains were then sent to Coroner
Eden for burial in Mount Olivet Ceme
tery on next Sunday. Coroner Eden made
an examination of the body, and was
amazed to discover that the neck had been
broken and the left shoulder dislocated.
Sheriff Taylor was notified of the dis
covery and telephoned a deputy at To
males to make an examination of the
scene of the crime. The deputy found evi
dences of a struggle and other clews. The
Sonoma authorities will be asked to co
operate, and a determined effort will be
made to apprehend the murderer.
F. Canaziani, a brother of the murdered
man. living in this city, will render finan
cial assistance in the detection of the as
sassin. ______________
HALF-MILLION DOLLAR
FIRE AT KANSAS CITY
fcANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 2.— Fire at
an early hour this morning destroyed the
big plant of the Jacob Dold Packing
Company. The loss is estimated at $250,
--000. fully Insured.
The fire at 3 o'clock had spread through
the main plant, and the Indications are
that eveiy thing save the warehouses will
be destroyed. Several refrigerator and
freight cars in the Dold Company's yards
have been destroyed. The Times th:s
morning estimates the loss at $500,000. Tne
plant employed about 1000 men.
BATHERS DROWNED.
One Man and Four Ghildren Get Be-
yond Their Depth in the Ocean.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Sept. I.— One
man and four children, three girls and
one boy, were drowned at Black Rock to
day while sea bathing. The dead are:
Elijah Middlobrook, a farmer of Easton;
May Middlebrook, 14 years old, vis daugh
ter; Tony KoehkT. 14 years old, of Eas
ton; Ethel Hltt, 11 years old, of Bridge
port, and Florence Hitt, 14 years old, her
lister.
The five victims, with Andrew Koehler,
father of the drowned boy, and Louis Hltt
of this city, father of two of the drowned
girls, were ?]>■ nding the day at Black
Rm k. While in bathing they all got be
yond their depth. Kof-hler and Hltt suc
ceeded In getting ashore themselves, but
the others perished. Three of the bodies
were recovered.
BISHOP BACKS DOWN.
Appointed a German Priest in an
Irish Parish, but Changes Him.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. I.— Father Cluse, the
German-American priest, appointed rec
tor of St. Patrick's Roman Catholic
Church in East St. Louis, despite the pro
tests of its members, who are now rest
ing under the ban of excommunication,
resigned to-day anil Bishop Janssen ac
cepted his resignation. Pending a deci
sion by Monsignor Martinelli in Wash
ington." to whom the trouble in the dis
affected parish has been referred, Bishop
Janssen appointed Father Harkins of St.
Mary's parish administrator of St. Pat
rick's. To those who know this appears
to a backdown on the part of Bishop
Janssen, who persisted in appointing a
German priest over an Irish parish.
FIGHT CASES DISMISSED.
Witnesses at Stockton Refuse to Give
Evidence.
STOCKTON, Sept. The prosecution
did not make much headway to-day in the
preliminary trial of Knowlcs and Salbach,
referee and timer at the recent fight be
tween Muslck and Molina at the Terminal
City Wheelmen club rooms, as a result of
which Molina died. All the witnesses in
the case declined to answer on the ground
of incriminating themselves.
Salbach and Knowles were discharged
through lack of evidence. This practically
kills the other cases. -
♦
SWISS INDEPENDENCE.
Joint Celebration of the Anniversary
at Cayucos.
SAN L,riS OBISPO, Sept. I.— At Cayu
cos, In this county, the Swiss-American
residents of Monterey and Santa Barbara
counties will join on Sunday, September
24, in a big celebration of the anniversary
of-the independence of Switzerland. There
will be a parade, literary exercises, a
barbecue and a dance. The speakers of
the occasion will be Warren M. John of
San Luis Obispo and Hon. George F.
Cavalli of San Francisco.
Object to Currency Conversion.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899. by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES. Sept. I.— Public opin
ion is decidedly averse to the conversion
scheme proposed by the Government.
Former Ministers of Finance Pacheco,
Plaata. Terry and Escalante unanimously
condemn the project. They say it would
have disastrous consequences for Argen
tina.
The scheme will probably be accepted
by the Senate, and rejected by the Cham
ber.
Rank of Volunteers.
WASHINGTON. Sept. l.—The War De
partment is making up the lineal rank of
the officers recently appointed in the first
thirteen volunteer regiments. These are
being made by regiments only, and not
for the whole of the volunteers. Promo
tions in the future will bo made in regi
ments based upon this lineal rank. Length
of time in which officers served as officers
in the service of the United States will
determine the rank of the new officers.
Service in the militia will not count Of
ficers of the thirteen regiments will have
their service dated from the time they
were entered into the United States army
for the Spanish war.
Freshets in Ponce.
PONCE, Island of Porto Rico, Sept. I.—
Heavy rains have caused an unusual
freshet and the people, frightened on ac
count of the recent hurricane, are leaving
their houses and are being quartered in
the public buildings. The soldiers, police
and firemen work all night. The roads
are imiwii-sable, but no serious damage
hao been done.
To Greet Washington Troops.
OLYMPIA, Sept. I.— Governor Rogers
! has announced that he and his military
staf will go to San Francisco to welcome
I the returning Washington volunteer* on
I their arrival there.
KIDNAPER FREEMAN
IS TAKEN AND HIS
CAPTIVE RESCUED
Constable Blosser Captures the Fugitive
Criminal in the Mountains Near
Santa Maria.
Pretty Thirteen-Year-old Mexican Girl the Culprit Stole From
Her Home in Chino Is Found Doing the Chores
About the Camp.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. I.— ln a
desolate canyon near Santa Ma
ria, Constable Blosser found Free
man, the kidnaper, and his 13
--year-old Mexican girl captive. He
had succeeded in dodging the officers of
the law for some time, but was finally
run down by Blosser.
About three weeks ago Freeman ran
away with a 13-year-old Mexican girl
! from Chino. He drove a small bay
: mare in an open buggy and led a sorrel
racehorse, whose record in Southern
California astonished all turfmen. Hun
dreds of dollars were offered him for
his horse, but he never accepted an
offer. He Is a sport, gambler and race
horse man in disguise. He drove into
Chino with the sorrel horse attached
to an old buckboard. His horse was in
a pitiful condition, its tail and mane
were full of barley beards and the ani
! mal was apparently half-starved.
It was here that he made a captive of
the girl. She was infatuated by his
good looks, and his promise that she
i should become rich were she to run
away with him was immediately ac
cepted. He bought another horse at
Chino and, leading his sorrel horse, set
out. He started for the south, and
when the authorities were notified of
the disappearance of the girl they
thought his intentions were to fly to
Mexico, in which direction they gave
chase, but he outwitted them by going
in the opposite direction. He stopped
at all towns and succeeded in arranging
match races for different-sized purses,
for which his sorrel horse was to run.
At every race the purse was given to
the sorrel's owner. No matter how fast
the race, the horse would win easily.
This was repeated at Pomona. River
side and all the neighboring towns. A
prominent racehorse man in Pomona
CRAZED BY HIS LOSS.
James Gillick Fretted Over His Wife's
Misfortune Until He Became
Insane.
It is certain that JamPS Gilliok. who
killed himself last Wednesday night at I
his residence, 903 Twenty-second street, j
was Insane. The note which he left be- I
' hind him, and which was published in yes- j
1 terday's Call, was a crazy effusion. The ;
, evidence presented at the inquest yester
day showed that the old man had fretted
' himself' into insanity over the loss of his
; wife, who had been sent to the insane
asylum at Agnews.
Mrs. J. J. Flanagan, a daughter of the j
dead man, told the Coroner's jury yester
day that her father had acted very
strangely for the past few months, ever
Since his wife was taken away from him,
and was under the influence of liquor
all the time. She and her sister offered
him a home with them when he suffered |
his bereavement a few months ago, but
' their father preferred to remain in his
own home.
The jury returned a verdict to the effect
that Gillick committed suicide while ter- j
porarily insane.
A STRONGER OPINION.
Judge de Haven Speaks Unmistak
ably to the Point in the Ota
Deportation Case.
United States District -udge do Haven
handed down yesterday a second opinion,
stronger than the first, in the Ota case.
The Judge holds that the act of March 3,
1891 under which the order for the depor
tation of Ota is attempted to be justified,
does not apply to aliens domiciled in this
country and who are returning thereto
after a temporary absence. The court is,
however, powerless to review the action
of the Immigration Commissioner on
questions either of law or of fact.
NIPPON MARU ARRIVES.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's steamship
Nippon Maru was siphted yesterday
afternoon and docked at the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company's dock at 8 o'clock
last evening. The passage of the vessel
was an unusually uneventful one and not
even a case of seasickness was reported
on board. Lieutenant Commander Gus
tavus C. Hanus was among the passen
gers from Manila and Ed Pollitz. the
stock broker, came from Honolulu. There
were forty-six Japanese aboard and 194
Chinese. These will be landed this morn
ing. The list of cabin passengers is as
follows:
Mrs J. F. Allen, Thomas F. Archibald, A.
E Adams, Mr*. A. E. Adams, J. C. Bentz, A.
H. Brown, R. Ballentine. S. A. Cheerkoft. Mrs.
B A Cheerkoff, Rev. J. Carrlngton. R Colgate.
Captain E F. Cameron. C. M. Cooke Jr.. G.
P. Cooke, Dr. J. O. da Sllva. Mis? da Sllva, D.
Dickson C. S. Desky, J. H. Ebersole. M. Enya,
"W. Elbers. M. Fuglta. Mrs. F. Graham, Har
vey Graham, A. J. Hughes, Lieutenant Com
mander G. Hanus. T T . S. N. ; Colonel N. D.
Hodge, P. Heroult. Mrs. P. Heroult. Miss E.
Harris. Miss R. Harris, F. A. Jarnhs. Mrs. F.
A Jacobs and child. M. G. Kisaeleff, W. Maer
tens P. Martin, B T. Mi-Cullough, F. Morgan,
Dr. A. R. NuszFkoweki. N. J. Nevtlle. \V. B,
T. Newmann. Mrs. George A. Ordway. J. \V.
Perctval. Mrs. .T. W. Perclval, Rev. G. L.
Pearson. H. A. Parmelee. E. E. Paxton. Ed
Pollitz. E. K. Richards. A. Raas. A. TV Tem
pleman. N. Takatu, X. Takahashl. Miss H.
Timmono, Mips L. Tomllason, Dr. L. yon
TVedeklnd. V. S. N.; Mrs. J. Carrlngton, Mrs.
E. F. Cameron.
Unknown Body Found.
PLACERVILI/E. Sept. 1.-The body of
an unknown man was found a few miles
below this city to-day. The de
ceased was evidently an elderly man. The
'. body was well dressed. The only clew to
! his identity was a letter addreßsed to M.
Miner Sr.. Sandiemas, Los Angeles Coun
ty. The letter was from Mrs. Elizabeth
J. Johnston of Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Keith's opening Friday and Saturday;
everybody invited; no cards. 808 Market. •
"He Laughs Best
Who Laughs Last"
A hearty laugh indicates a degree of
good health obtainable through pure blood.
cAs but one person in ten has pure blood,
the other nine should purify the blood
<O)Hh Hood's SarsaparUla. Then they can
laugh first, last and all the time, for
offered him $1000 for the horse, but the
offer was flatly refused.
He passed through this city on the
22d and Wednesday was seen at
Barons, about twenty-five miles north
of here. Thursday he passed through
San Julian Rancho and. Friday was
seen at Lompoc. The officers of this
county were notified and gave chase on
Saturday.
This morning Deputy Blosser was no
tified of the appearance of a man and
a Mexican girl in a buckboard, going 1
up the canyon with other parties.
Blosser followed the road and came
upon the camp where he saw Freeman
and the other parties, who seemed to
be enjoying life. The little 13-year-old
Mexican girl, whom Freeman is ac
cused of kidnaping from Chirm, wns
with him and was doing the chores of
the camp when the officers arrived.
The girl's father telegraphed to have
her detained and sent home, while her
kidnaper was taken to Santa Maria,
and from there brought to this city on
this evening's stage.
MISCELLAOTSOT7S.
CURED OF
ASTHMA IN
THREE DAYS
Afflicted With Catarrh, Asthma and
Lung Troubles Ana McMannus Was
Almost Instantaneously Relieved
by Dr. Aborn, 554 Sutter Street.
The following sworn affidavit of Ann
McMannus will be of interest to sufferers-
from catarrh, asthma and lung diseases.
It has been received by Dr. Aborn, the
specialist in the treatment of the diseases
enumerated, at 554 Sutter street:
Ann McMannus, being duly sworn, de-
poses and says:
Going on to three years" I was almost
helpless, I could scarcely walk or go up
a flight of stairs, or do any kind of work.
I could not get my breath and every now
and then I would have to rest. I thought
my lungs were gone. My stomach was
also terribly affected and gave me a great
deal of trouble. My condition was such
that I had almost despaired of any relief.
1 doctored and doctored, and paid out to
seven doctors over eleven hundred dol-
lars, and got no help. A prominent doc-
tor in San Francisco told me I could not
live two weeks. I placed myself under
the care of Dr. Aborn, and in three
days he gave me ' instant , and per-
manent relief. I now have a good ap-
petite, rest easy at night. My breathing
Is full and free. I can walk without tire
all day, and feel buoyant in spirits. I am
better to-day than I have been for three
years, and I am a living witness to the
almost marvelous ability of Dr. Aborn in
the treatment and cure of catarrh, asth-
ma, throat and lung trouu.es. My home
is in Roseburg, Or.
ANN McMANNUS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me.
{Seal.] P.' L. WILLIS,
Notary Public.
Dr. Aborn's office and resMence. 554 Sut-
ter street; hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4, evening^
7 to 8.
My $151° AH Wool Suits]
i Are equal to any $25 suit made by othe r .
I tailors. Not one point in the makeup of
: jgSH these tailor-made suits is
• f these tailor-made suits is
workmanship slighted.
: JsjW The greatest care is
; ,rf«gip^L used that all are made in]
• /lil^^li superior style so they i
! ||t|i|§l||- will be the best for dura-
• > * «3NKI I take pride In doing: a J
■ f^t^*4*fa little the best work for!
" vJfoJfJ^^sOs the money than the major- J
• V'P^-^'iji lty of tailors, ami cus- «
I ■' '■ Bs«Sl§(Sil tomers appreciate the facts
' RSsTx^^ir and ' become . regular ■
I ' ■Jf^lf patrons. ',". ,' S
! '■> -fit (kesMem
• : /Jlll /—.TheTMIor,
! • ifilllllt i, ■ 201-203 Montgomery St..
\ /llfli w 201-2 OS Montgomery St.,
I /iikill\vB; 1110-1112 Market 'St..
i I sS&ll*. . SAN FRANCISCO.
! , / 3-** iJ >v 1011 Washington St.. •
i *~ OAKLAND. !
i 143 South Spring- St.. "!
: ....................... LOS ANQBLEB.
/fj^sw LADIES do ion raw
£ S**f DR. FELIX iE BRUfl>B '
*yf *\ Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
J* lie the original and only FRENCH.
m £ safe and reliable care on the mar»
y.. ""^ket. Price, $1.00; s«at by maiL
& ' j \ Genuine sold only b^
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Bole Agt»..
214 Kearny 6t-,<. San Krancisco. - - •
€Uk -- Ohlobectci's Enollsh Diamond BrmaA. "--»
PChlohontep'K KngUsh Dlamood
ENNYROYAL PILLS
■ ,-»<Ji"*x Original and Only 6muln«. A
««rc. alwsri reliable. ukoic» ait >S\
£ S\ &j»M Dru?isis» for CklcAaavr* Kntilit* D.a-JS\\
&*»yirttfSa-<>ond Brand In Kcd aoJ Gold nieullioVUM^
■l-v o£i J2boxe». eealed with blao ribbon. Take VEr
T* s ! S^ Wjno other. Htfivt gerot. i su&if itu- V
I / — ftf timt and imitate n». AcDrnggiui, or tend
IC- /Jff in ils^i for p irH:ular«. lulimonUls so*
\ » " Kellof Tor Indies, " m letter, by retan
Jk~ & M»IL 10.000 TMt!moaial». /Teats Paptr.
*r'Olil«'ht»ter csi«mlealCo.,M«df»o«i 84 Bar*
Mt br all Uxti onttUtM. PuILAOA«. l'4f
v^itoss£!X>&nLtS Bl * *3 is a noo-pottnnoQa
> >^EH^^^ M "gfc^i roraedy for Gonorrhea,
CTUEb^Bi Gleet. Spe rmn torrhoca.
JfflKp>' Ito 5 dtjß.^H bite*, unnatural ills-
BfSm •■ GurutnJ m charges, or any inflamruo-
PGm not to Btriotarv. lion, irritation or ulcerv
ft T|Pf«Tenu contagtoq. tion of mucous mem-
I(J*YHEEvANSCHEMini[Oo, Cranes. Non-aatringenl.
VgAeiNCiNNATi.o BHH Sold b * Druesitt*,
V&s&L. OTA 2^fl or Bent ' a Plain wrapper,
4SS%V!b*Ll^f&*!a "7 ( 'xpr9«B. prepaid, fot
V°°. cr 3 UttiJb, $2.76.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THH
great Mexican remedy; give* health and
strength to sexual orgaaa. Depot. 123 MaxiuuBARBAROUS
CRUELTIES TO
THE NATIVES
Crimes Committed by French
Officers in the Soudan
Country.
ERA OF BLOODSHED
Women and Children Put to Death
by Orders of Voulet and
Chanoine.
Fpeelal Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. Sept. I.— The Matin to-da>
publishes details of the investi
nation Into the conduct of Cap
tain Voulet and Lieutenani
Chanoine. charged with barbar
tvs cruelties to the natives in th<
French Soudan, which led to the send
ing of an expedition under Lieutenani
•.el Klobb after them.
According to the paper th»^ two offi
cers mentioned, who were in mmmanc
of a column of troops, b^gan th» j ir wort
of barbarity by beheading a nativf
tvho had declared he did not know
fcl' mt what he was being Questioned.
A letter said Voulet <\tptured eighty
natives, of whom he killed twenty of.
the women and children, phot a sol
dier for wasting ammunition and
burned a village ( inhabitants.
C'hanoine, it is added, shot two of his
men without trial for not pursuing: a
native who had wounded a soldier. He
also burned a village and, having lost
cix men in an enfrac»rn»nt, rushed into
a village and captured twenty of the
■ \\hi«'h number he killed
•;g Their heads on pickets. It
Is further charged that Chanoine al
lowed his men to mutilate the bodies
of the natives wh<~> were killed by cut
ting off their hands.
its, according to the
a, occurred in January last.
GANS WHIPS HIS MAN.
Colored Pugilist Defeats Eugene
Bezenah in Ten Rounds.
NEW STORK, Sept. I.— J<>e <;ans of Bal
•-! Eugene Bezenah <-,f Cm
Broadway Athletic Club to-
Th( iiv .'md go at
Is For the first three rounds
himself to sizing up his
nent In the fourth Bezenah went
. but g-'t up Instantly and got in a
- back. In the next
[shed his man In the short
• the kidneys, forcing Beze
■ in was very wild
- sixth and fought blindly. Gans
:;th until he saw
his right Ii
r nine
!■■ senah's ■• tned i-> give
ring 1 • d after another
- i r ".i all over the ring and
ill of
•1 on
ah In the i Inth and Ih< end came
his left hard to
with two rights
■ h put the W
md he was counted out. Time
of last round. 'I minut- B and 23 seconds.
in of this city finished Herman
Is. Then Frank < ar
■ • i against Bolan
for s:\ md the result was a draw.
Charged With Arson.
MENDOCmO, Sept. L— Mike Nolan, a
tx>;\\ kimwri you) :' this place, has
b( ' n arrest - irson. The
Mansion Hous< propertj owned by John
t/Utli v. was destroyed by fire on the morn
ing of July 4. and it is this fir- that Nolan
- about,
Ex-Sherifl J. M. Stanley has I n work
_ ■ '. era! weeks, and It
fa that sump Interesting evidence will
. f-n at the preliminary examination,
.v.
Boring for Oil
WOODLAND, Sept. I.— A San Francisco
company is putting In a big plant and will
begin sinking oil wells on Sulphur
-. about eighteen miles north w<
Rumsey. Experiments recently made in
dicate the presence nf oil in large quanti- I
ties, and the compar nfldenl
that th»» industry will be an important
and profit: •• soon as it can I ■ le
• d.
Prominent Irishmen Coming.
TSOSTON, Sept. I.— A cablegram whs re
ceived here to-day From Lord Mayor Dr.n
lel Tallon of DuMin and John E. Re.j
mond, M. P., sijrnlfying their ac.eptance
of an invitation t" visit the Tnited States
to Inaugurate the movement for a monu
ment for Charles Stewart Pnrneil. The
cabl'pram Btatea that they will leave Ire
land about the middle of October.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rah or Shine,
The station agent is on duty. On his
exact com in uni cation of train orders
depends thousands of lives, and milKons
of dollars in property, each day. In his
taste he rtna oat in the rain or the snow
hatless and TurpixtectetL Then comes
thy tcquel — biorv 1 imhiimi jj 1
Txjhncraarr disease A\^J^^^^y/ j
Golden Medical ll^^U^tZ//'
Piscove-ry. Almost I TfMpk/tsf \ *
all remem23 pre- \ jw; Jr' M* ji, /
eenbed for such AA *£\ f */\jjofo*
dbcascs contain X i^Xr' \J // '/ /
optnm or some X f~~ JCA / / '
cry" coat-una "sO^^J^^
curing tlicir cause. j JBjwHBL ]\//l//
■waited tieeocn, and ?attB%6|W/in 1/ /
ISealth of erery or- SSEK!& 11//
•f^eat," write* I. B.
»tcptca, Esq.. of Barclay, Osage Conntr, Katia.,
•and four years ag-o ray work keeping me la a
warm room and «trpp»ng out frequently into
the cold air gave me broncbitlß. which became
chronic and deep-Mated- Doctor* failed to
rcacb air case and advised me to try a higher
mil, tact, foTttmately for me, a friend advised me
to try Dr. Pierces medicine*. I commenced
taking yonr 'Golfien Medical Diacovery,' and
by the time I had taken the first bottle I was
letter, and after taking four bottles my coogh
•was entirely £one. I hare found no necessity
for Keeking another climate."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets regulate
the stomach, liver and bowels.
CINNAMON BEAR PLAYS
HAVOC WITH DAIRY HERD
Bruin's Invasion Creates Consternation
Among Residents in the Vicinity
of Tocaloma.
Q CAMP TAYLOR, Sept. I.— A large and ferocious cinnamon bear has Q
♦ of late been playing havoc with dairy herds in the vicinity, of Tocaloma ♦
*^ and all attempts to trap or kill the animal have failed. Aside from the
X pecuniary loss suffered by dairymen from the depredations is the con- *;
♦ stant fear that the beast may take a notion to change its diet and try ♦
2? human flesh. As a result doors and windows are tightly bolted at night. *£
c» and women and children are chary about straying far from home by day. S?
V P. Bulotti, the dairyman, is the heaviest sufferer from the bear's ♦
S3 raids up to date, having lost three milch cows. Last Wednesday he saw 8S
♦ the bear eating the carcass of a cow freshly slain and ran for his rifle. £
•* He had some distance to go. and when he returned the animal had fin- +
;« ished its meal and gone. i? ]
♦ Bulotti says the bear is very large and of the cinnamon variety, X
•} He notified Sheriff Taylor of its presence, and asked that some action ♦ <
£• be taken for relief of the dairymen. Next Sunday the Sheriff will gather SS !
♦ a posse of sportsmen, and with Timothy McCarthy of this place, will £ j
*} endeavor to run the bear to cover and kill it. A pack of trained dogs will + ,
*• be gathered from all over the county to assist in the hunt. S3 •
t ♦%♦%♦•; ♦•*♦ ♦*♦?» ♦£ ♦•♦♦•♦♦s+ss-*?** ♦*■•-?;♦?*♦% ♦%♦%♦•* ♦ % ♦%♦•* ♦?;♦£+#
WASTED ESTATE
OF HIS WARD
■Grave Charges Against
Robert L. Greer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. I.— Robert L. Greer
j of Palo Alto has been cited by Judge Ely
land to appear before him on September
• 15 and show cause why lie should not be
! removed from the guardianship of Rose
'de Courcy, an insane person. This order
was made at tho request of Francisou
j Quoviedo and Julia Ramos, mother a::d
sister of Greer's ward, whn charge him
With conniving to injure Rose de Cour
cy'a estate and being unsuitable to raan-
I age the same.
On June l, 1894, Rose de Courcy was
committed to the Agnews Asylum. She
owned two lots in Palo Alto valued at
$2500, but incumbered with a J4OO mort
i gage. In consideration of the mortgage
i she agreed to rent the lots to the Park
; lnson Lumber Company for three years
i for J4'"i per year, the same to apply (in
the interest. Greer was made guardian
!of the person and estate. In June last
'■ he asked permission to sell the lots, al
leging that it was necessary to pay the
mortgage and other indebtedness amount-
Ing to S»'.2."> and the court made such an
I order. He also allowed the Parkinson
Lumber Company to secure another three
years' lease of the lots at $4" per year,
when a reasonable rental would be $24.)
■ per year.
It Is charged that Greer had the publi
i cation of the sale of the property made
in n San Jose paper so it would •
1 observation, and that he purposely con
nived with the Parkinson Company to
his ward's injury. A charge of general
ineompetency as guardian is made against
Greer Julia Ramos asks to b< appoint
ed guardian of her sister's estate.
THE BRAINS OF A CHICKEN.
Strong Language Used by F. S. Camp
Regarding His Enemy,
R. H. Hoag.
The bitter war between R. EL Hoag.
son of a New York millionaire living at
,ly street, and F. S. Camp, the N- W
York journalist known as "Hinkley P. 1
Swift." was intensified by the language
, with which they addressed each other In ;
i Judge Mogan's court yesterday.
Th- charge of threats against life pre-
I by cnmp against Hoag was en
tirely lost sight of in the raking up of
1 the past life of the two men. Hoag al
; that Camp w.is "a deadbeat of the
worst kind" and was owing peoj.lv every
where he had been. Camp retaliated by
charging Hoag with being a wife beater,
i which was promptly resented by II ■-.
who shouted: "You are a liar!" The
.] idge threatened to order them both into
custody for contempt of court, and quiet
waa re-;.. red. but only for a moment,
when Camp. In. his anger at the questions ;
! asked him, said:
"That man is built like John L. Sulli- '
i van and has the brains of a chicken. He
is known In the Easl as 'Fighting Dick
Hoag.' His father is not a millionaire,
bui lives in a fiat in Harlem, and if he
i< worth JIOO.OW he is lucky."
Hong restrained himself by an effort
personal conflict was avoided, but
■ . brought on acain when Camp
( haracteriz^d a statement made by Hoag j
: as an unvarnished lie.
The Judge said he would render his
i decision Tuesday. As Camp left the, court
room he was arrested on a warrant from
San Jose charging him with defrauding
an innkeeper. The complaining witness
lls Mrs. L. A. Erkson. He was released
: on giving $2<K> bonds, accepted by Judge i
Mogan.
STREET CAR MEN ENTERTAIN.
Excellent Minstrel Show Given by
the Market Street Railway
Company Band.
The Market Street Railway Company
band gave an excellent minstrel show
Thursday at Music Hal!, corner Twenty
first and Valencia streets. The house was
crowded with street railway men and
i their friends, and the spectators spent a
very pleasant evening. After the minstrel
! performance, every feature of which was
! very clever, the floor was cleared for
■ dancing. The programme was as follows:
Grand First Part— lnterlocutor, W. H. Town
send; tambo, Will H. Ramsey; bones, Charles
F. Donnelly. Opening overture, "African Prin
cess," Ramsdell; long, "Won't You Take Me
Back to Dixie?" R. B. Baker; cornet duet,
"Lover's Farewell." Gltchell sisters; son*?,
"My Old New Hampshire Home," Robert
Plunkett; violin solo. ;- Cavatlna, Op S5"
' (Raff), C. H. Schaffner; song. "For All Eter
nity," George F. Maline; cornet polka, "Honey
suckle," C. J. Franchi: comic song, "Hesitate,
Mr Nigger. Hesitate," C. F. Donnelly; spe
cialties, little Rose and Belle Bennett; Kong.
"Clang of the Forge." Edward J. Loughery;
recitation. "Virglnlus" (In Roman costume),
.1 F. Hillard; comic song, "When You Ain't
Got No Money, Well, You Needn't Come
j 'Round." W. H. Ramsey; take walk. Miss
• Grace Langford; finale, the original pie walk
j ers. Ramsey and Donnelly.
! The following committees had charge of the
i affair: Arrangements— G. N. Gltchell (chair-
I man) C. H. Schaffner, H. |J. McClintock. W.
I H Townsend, George Bchults. S. Anderson. G.
i W Debenham, L. Woodfleld, C. F. Donnelly,
: J R. Ramsey. C. V. Murphy; stage manager;
' "Will H Ramsey: reception committee — Arnold
i Freund, Al C. Williams. W. D. . Thomas, V.
Jorgensen; floor manager, Arnold Freund.
Press Club Election.
At the annual election of officers of the
Press Club, held Thursday, the following
were chosen: President, James P. Booth;
first vice president, T. F. Bonnet; second
vice president. L. E. Stover; third vice
president, Robert Burns Jr.; recording
Secretary , John J. Harrison; financial sec
retary, James S. Tyler; librarian, Eustace
Cullinan: directors— C. M. Coo, Colonel H.
C Bush. L. G. Carpenter, Judge J. C. B.
Hebbard, Dr. J. D. Hodgren, George
The new board of managers will be in
augurated September 7, at which time the
annual meeting of the club will be held
and on which occasion the reports of the
various officers will be presented.
■ ♦ ■
Robinson Bequest Disbursed.
■\V. P. Sullivan Jr., secretary of the |
' Robinson bequest fund commission, yes
terday reported to the Board of Supervis- I
ors that the year's income of $2225 had
i been disbursed as follows:
Amount to credit of fund, January 1, 1399,
i 12225 Disbursed — Associated Charities. $300;
"an Francisco Nursery for Homeless Children,
j HW the helpers, $100; Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety .No. i. $100; German Ladles' Benevolent
l Knrietv $100: French Ladies' Benevolent . So
ciety $100 St. Andrew's Society, $100; Little
' Jim Ward, Children's Hospital, $100; . Little
' Sisters' Infant Shelter, $100; Salvation Army,
1100- Children's Day Home,. $150; California
1 Woman' • Hospital, U00; AiftW« QX&28...1806. .
THE SAN FKA^sdSCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
GAY DECORATIONS
FOR NATIVE SONS
Santa Cruz Decked in
Carnival Garb.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. I.— A meeting of
the committee of arrangements for the
9th of September committee was held last
evening. All the heads of sub-committees
reported progress and the closing of con
tracts.
The armory, where the ball Is to be held,
is to be elaborately decorated. The com
mittee has let the contract to A. Schleich
<r. the San Francisco decorator, and the
building will be transformed as it never
was before. The band stand will be a
mass of decorations, and the band will be
hidden from view by a screen of bamboo
and ferns arranged in a most artistic
manner. The room will be festooned pro
fusely with bunting and the national and
bear flags.
The ball will be held the evening of Ad
mission day and will be a grand affair.
In former years there has been an admis
sion fee to the ball, but this year it will
be free to all. The Native Daughters will
serve refreshments at the ball.
The local parlor has adopted a pink and
lt< !•! badge for the celebration.
Applications are being received daily by
the accommodation committee for rooms
during the celebration, over :;"<i rooms
nave been engaged at private houses.
There will be room for all, as Santa Cruz
has more hotels and private boarding
houses than any city of Its size on the
coast.
The local decorators are all busy deco
rating the business houses for the celebra
tlon. A number of decorators are also
here from other cities making contracts.
The vote for carnival queen to-day was
as follows: Miss May Baldwin. 279: Miss
l: ■>•■ Pfltzer. IST; Miss Anna Llnscott, 16*!:
Mrs. J. It. Williamson, 90; Miss L>aisy
Longley, 48.
A DELIGHTFUL CONCERT
The Pupils of Mission High School
Are Entertained.
Immediately after the classes of the
Misslun High School had bec-n dismissed
Thursday afternoon the pupils adjourned
to the commodious auditorium, where a
concert had been prepared under the di
d of Principal O'Connor.
Professor George Bates, head of the
Latin department, in a preliminary ad
dress stated that the object of the con
cert was to instill a desire on the part of
the scholars to intert-st themselves in
musical affairs.
"Jt is the intention," said Prof. ~s..r
Bates, "to organize a glee club and an
orchestra in connection with this institu
tion, and to that end we have arranged
this concert for your entertainment. hop-
Ing it will encourage you in the love of
music."
Abraham "Wiester acted as master of
•• :■ monies and Introduced the partici
pants. Three pupils of the high scho.il
took part and acquitted themselves cred
itably. They wire Ernest Michaelis, In a
piano polo, and Jerome White, who exe
cuted a Mute_ solo assisted by his sister.
Miss Rose Whit<\ at the piano. The rest
of the programme waa rendered by the
Misses Balthis. who have recently arrived
from the East on a tour of the coast, and
who proved themselves agreeable enter
tainers. The singing of "The Star-Span
gled Banner," with the large audience
standing, was an interesting feature, and
was repeated several times. Following is
the complete pr>. gramme:
Piano solo. Ernest Michaelis; contralto
solo, Miss Marguerite Balthis; flute solo,
Jerome White, accompanied by Mis.s R>s.-
White; aria from "II Trovatore," Miss
Catherine Balthis; instrumental trio.
Misses M. and C. .Balthis and Mrs. M.
Balthis Lane; comic song, "I Hardly
Think I Will." Mrs. M. R. Lane; whistling
solo. Miss M. Ralthis; trio. "Annie.
Laurie," the Balthis sisters; "The Star-
Spangled Banner," Miss C. Balthis and
chorus.
HE SHOULD BE FINED.
Judge Coffey Expresses His Opinion
of Attorney Rogers.
I Proceedings In the matter of the estate
I of the late Lawrence Murphy will In the
i future he heard by Judge Troutt. the ac
tion having been transferred from De
partment 9 of the Superior Court by
: Judge Coffey, who was charged with
! "bias and prejudice" by the various heirs '
of the deceased.
On October 14, IHW, the heirs, Mrs. H.
E. Allen and Mrs. H. Taylor, made ap
plication for the distribution of the es
tate. Judge Coffey, in order to ascertain
whether there were other heirs living
communicated with the T'nlted States
Consul at Cork. Ireland, the birthplace of
the deceased. The matter of Lawrence
Murphy's death was published, but no
Other heirs were located. Then the heirs
and James T. Rogers, their attorney,
asked that the case be transferred. They
charged Judge Coffley with "bias and
prejudice." and with having "taken action
In the estate inconsistent with the dignity
of the bench."
Yesterday these affidavits were read to
Judge Coffey. lie heard them and then
informed Rogers that he ought to be
fined for making and reading affidavits
he kn.-w Bel forth matters entirely for
eign to the truth.
"Doubtless the diligence of this court
which might have resulted In the dis
covery of other heirs, displeased those
j known, as it has others In the past," said
his Honor, "but the court will continue to
be diligent and see that the rights of all
h>'irs, not some heirs, n rt- protected.
Nevertheless I will transfer the case."
The order was then made.
Young Ladies' Institute.
Younp Ladies' Institute No. 7 gave an
nnr.lversary ball in the main hall of the
Native Sons' building Thursday. There
•was a good attendance including a number
ber of the California volunteers, to whom
Invitations had been extended. The com
mittees In charge were: Arrangements-
Mrs, denrjr.- Richardson (chairwoman),
Mary Mogan, Maggie Mogan. Kate Buck
ley. Julia Fitzpatrick.Nano Mahoney, Kit
tie Burke, Hannah Fitzpatrlck and Josie
Shea. Reception— Mrs. Margaret Mulver
hlll. Nellie Horgan, Mamie Grandfield
Helena Fitzpatrick and Flora Walsh.
Big Customs Receipts.
The customs receipts at this port for
the month of August were $758,601 C 3, the
largest amount that has ever been re
ceived during Collector Jackson's term of
office or that of his predecessor, John H.
Wise. The increase Is not spasmodic, but
Is due to the steady Increase of business
at this port- - -..-....■ _.^
ATTACK ON
GUADALOUPE
BY YAQUIS
Two Soldiers Are Killed
and Many Houses
Burned.
TORRES ISHARASSED
Owing to Activity of Sharpshooters
He May Be Forced to With
draw His Troops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Sept. 1. — A dispatch from
Chihuahua, Mexico, says that the mili
tary authorities there have received
news of an attack on the municipality
of Guada loupe by a force of about two |
hundred Yaqui Indians. A small body j
of soldiers was stationed at the town
to protect its inhabitants, and the en- |
gagexnent between them and the Ya- '
guis was fierce and lasted for sev- ]
eral hours. The Indians finally with- |
drew, carrying <>fi" their dead and ]
wounded. Two soldiers were killed ;
and about five wounded. Several
houses were burned by the Indians.
After leaving the town the Indians
made a raid on the ranch of Guillerne
Chametla near Guadaloupe and burned :
all the ranch buildings and drove off
several hundred head of horses and
cattle.
.Many of the Indians are armed with
Mauser rifles, and it is reported th"t j
their sharpshooters are picking off |
scores of General Torres' soldiers, and
that officer will soon be forced to with
draw his force of troops to Guaymas i
to await reinforcements. Another regi- |
mpnt of soldiers is expected to reach i
Guaymas from Mazatlan in about ten j
days.
PARTY ORGANIZED TO
SEARCH FOR SKELETON
Sheriff Langford Has No Doubt
That the Bones Are Those
of Dunham.
RAN' JOSE, Sept. I.— Sheriff Langford
and Deputy Reives have reached here
from their unsuccessful hunt for the skel
eton seen in the mountains near Pacheco
Pass. The Sheriff says there is no earth
ly doubt that the skeleton is th<Te just
as Fred Keeler of Visalia says he saw it.
Keeler is a reliable young man. He was
lust .md badly frightened when he stum
bled across the remains and only sought
to get away from the place and into the
road once more.
The belief which the searching officers
have bad that the bones are those of
Dunham has become almost a profound
conviction. Sheriff Langford has deter
mined to find them and he is now prepar
ing to organize a big searching party
equipped t<> stay in that desolate country
for days. It la possible that the Sheriffs
hi Fresno, Merced and San Benito coun
tieswill in- asked to join with a similarly
equipped party. Langford would not have
given up the starch wnen he did but for
til.- fact that Keeler was forced to be in
Visalia to-day, lit: will arrange his af
fairs and join the Sheriffs in the next
hunt, which will probably be some time
next week. Langford says all of the facts.
known point to the remains being those
of Dunhani.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed, Pensions
Granted and Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Sept. I.— The following
California postofflcea will be discontinued!
after September 15: Ackerman, Placer
County, mail to Westville; Gem, Monterey
County, mail to Bryson; Turwah, Del
Nurte County, mail to Requa.
The following California Postmasters
were appointed to-day: Angiola, Tulare ;
County. Frank A. Davis, vice (". J. Hail, ■
resigned; Buck, Pluma.s County, Davi.l N.
Jones Sr., vice Ell Weaver, resigned;
Cuyamaca, San Diego County, Alfred V. •
Thorns, vice \V. S. I lark, resigned; Mend- !
ian. Sutter County. T. J. Taylor, vice Mm- ;
nic L. Jones, removed; Quatal, Santa Bar- :
bara County, Charles H. D. Fox, vice Su- j
sal. Goode, resigned.
Army orders: By direction of the As- j
Blstant Secretary of War the following '
named enlisted men will be discharged \
from the service of the United States:
Recruits Ol<- Larson, Fourth United States
Cavalry; Bernard H. Goebel, Eighteenth !
Infantry; John Carroll, Walter J. Curtis,!
Patrick \V. Daley, James W. Harvey, i
Charles S. Hught-tt. William T. Jubilee,:
Clayton Klrby, Ormond P. Moore, Flavy
M. Patrick, John A. Simms. Joseph Stee.e,
John W. Zell, George W. Atkin, Ferdinand
J. Fenstermacher and Webster Smith, '
genera] service, and Private John W. Aid- i
erson, Battery E, First Artillery.
Recruits Janus S. Dishman. John Dil- i
lon, James J. Raleigh, Frank Schnepf, i
Charles Welch and Frank Worthington, |
general service, Presidio, San Francisco.
Recruit Harry E. Castle, Thirty-first In
fantry, San Francisco, having enlisted un
der false pretenses, will be discharged
without honor from the service of the
United States.
1 "elisions: California— Original— Albert
Barrick, I'klah. Jtf; Albert Aldridge, San j
Francisco, $0. Increase- John Kremer, An- '
aheim, $*> to $8. Original widows, etc.— i
Harriet Miller, Fresno, JS; Sarah A. Sea- j
vier. Eureka, $8. Special, August 24— Grace
A. Grinnell, San Diego, $12.
Oregon— Original— Peter Monarch, Rose- !
burg, $6. Increase— lsaac B. Lee, Oregon
City, %*i to $12. Original widows, etc.—
Eliza E. Gearhart. Van, $8.
Washington— Original— Charles A. Smith,
Tacoma, *6; Albert Car 11, Seattle, $ti. In
crease—Samuel A. Chamberlain, Colville, i
$6 to $12: William A. Conant, Ellensbuig, !
$10 to $12.
New Road for Yolo.
WOODLAND, Sept. I.— Residents of Co- |
lusa County, 'n Sulphur Creek region, ajid I
of Yolo County between Gunida and the j
dividing line are moving in the matter of
establishing a public road from Sulphur
Creek which will connect with the Hum
■ey and Knoxville road at the Ray House. :
It is claimed that such a road will be a
great convenience to a large number of
people, will result in bringing a great dea! j
of trade to Yolo County that now goes !
elsewhere and will shorten the distance I
between Yolo County and Lower Lake at
least thirty-five miles.
Leopard Shark Killed.
SAN QUENTTN, Sept. I.— John George,!
the Greek saloonkeeper at the Point
House, killed a leopard shark eight ami a '
half feet long to-day with a rifle. The j
shark was first caught with a hook and ■
brought to the surface, when It was shot !
and hauled upon the wharf. Leopard
sharks have been numerous around the
Mnrin Irlands of late, and ex-Assembly
man Matthew Canavan had a narrow <v- !
cape from one while swimming at Townea
Point ten days ago.
Circus Train "Wrecked.
TOINERS STATION, Term., Sept. I.— A
special train bearing Cooper's circus was
wrecked here this morning by the burst
ing of an airbrake hose, and twelve per
sons were more or less injured and circus
property and animals scattered in all di
rections. No doctors are obtainable at
that place, and it is Impossible to tell the
extent of the injuries. None are thought
to be fatally hurt.
Must Serve the Queen.
MADRID, Sept. I.— The Queen Regent
to-day signed a decree calling out 60,000
men of the 1599 class for military service
Thirty-riVf Spanish soldiers, survivors of
the garrison that so long held Baler, on
the east coast of Luzon, against the Fili
pinos, arrived at Barcelona to-day and
were enthusiastically received by the pop
ulaca.
CRASH OF
CARS NEAR
GUERNEVILLE
Lumber Train, Runnine at
Full Speed, Dashes Into
Six Flat Cars.
THREE MEN INJURED
No One Can Account for the Pres
ence of the Flat Cars on
the Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. I.— Last night
shortly after 9 o'clock the Sonoma
Lumber Company's logging train
dashed into six flat cars standing on
the main track just outside the com
pany's yards at Guerneville. and as a
result three men were badly injured,
the engine demolished and three flat
cars knocked into kindling wood.
The train was in charge of Conductor
Tom Lane, and is used by the lumber
company to carry logs from the lum
ber camp In the woods near Bohemia
to the mills at Guerneville. The start
back from Mission Canyon had been
delayed and the train's crew was anxi
ous to reach home. When near the end
of the journey the crash came without
a moment's warning.
Conductor Lane and Engineer Mort
Dt-iil were hurled to one side of the
track and Fireman Ed Teadman to the
other. When picked up all three were
unconscious, and Lane and Deal have
been in that condition ever since.
How flat cars happened to be stand
ing on the track has not yet been sat
isfactorily explained. When the train
left the yard earlier in the afternoon
the track was clear. The only explana
tion possible seems to be that the cars
had been left standing on a siding un
secured and by their own weight start
ed down the grade and ran to the point
where the accident occurred. When
the crash came the engine was turned
completely around and fell with its
wheels in the air.
Conductor Tom Lane and Engineer
Mort Deal are very badly injured and
both may die. Teadman's Injuries were
less severe, but he will be laid ur> for
a long time. Deal is injured internally
and also about the head and back.
Lane has a cut three inches deep down
his hip, his back is hurt and Internal
complications have arisen. Teadman
sustained a broken shoulder and was
also badly bruised. Medical attendance
was at once secured and everything
possible done to relieve the sufferings
of the men.
NEW LECTURER FOR
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
Dr. Ward of the Smithsonian Insti
tute to Give a Course in
Sociology.
PALO ALTO, Sept. I— The announce
ment was made from the president's of
fice to-day of the appointment of Dr.
Lester F. Ward as lecturer in the depart
ment of sociology.
Dr. Ward is connected with the Smith
sonian Institution and during his vacation
in October will give two courses of lec
tures at the university, one on pure soci
ology, the other on applied sociology.
These lectures have previously been given
by him at Columbia University and the
universities of Chicago and West Vir
ginia.
Dr. Ward is eminent not only as a soci
ologist but as a scientist as well. His
most Important works are "Dynamics of
Sociology." "Psychic Factors of Civiliza
tion" and "Outlines of Sociology."
VERY SCIENTIFIC CONTEST.
Jimmy Barry and Harry Harris,
Bantams. Fight a Draw.
CHICAGO, Sept. I.— One of the most
scientific contests witnessed here In years
took place at the Fort Dearborn Club to
night between Harry Harris, a 112
--pounder, and Jimmy Barry, who, up to
his retirement last winter, was conceded
to be the peer of. any bantam-weight. It
[vas a case of a tall and reachy left-hand
iabber against a stocky and aggressive
mixer, Harris contenting himself with
meeting Barry's rushes with short jabs
and an occasional right-hand swing.
Barry had considerably the better of it
up to the third round, scoring some tell
ng rights. In the fourth Harris evened
up matters with a couple of hard upper
jilts and repeated jabs on Barry's mouth.
From that to the end of the fight both
men fought fast and furiously, but the
points were so evenly divided that in the
snd, without a moment's hesitation, the
referee declared the bout a draw.
In the prelim. nary fight Frank New of
3t. Louis knocked out Dave O'Connor of
Plttsburg In a minute and a half of the
first round.
Tommy Ryan of Syracuse and Joe Cfco
rnskl were matched to-night to meet here
n a six-round bout October 6.
Falls Ninety Feet.
BAK3RSFIELD. Sept. I.— Dr. R. H.
Stevens of Bakeisfield recently fell ninety
foet down the shaft of the Mayflower
mine. He slipped from a ladder at the
150 level and dropped Into a hundred feet
of water. He swam to the foot of a 240
--faot ladder and rested on it until he re
covered from the shock and then climbed
up. His Injuries are painful, but no bones
are broken. He struck his right thigh and
groin on n broken pump and strained his
nrms trying to catch the ladder when
falline
Trouble in National Guard.
PASADENA. Sept. I.— Company I, Na
tional Guard of California, will dishonor
ably discharge six members next Monday
night. These members attempted to break
up the company by blackballing an appli
cant. The trouble has existed since the
return of the soldiers from the hoodooed
Seventh from San Francisco. Acting on
the blackball system, m which one black
ball in five is sufficient to refuse a candi
date, the dishonored members nearly de
stroyed the company.
A Converted Tramp.
PASADENA, Sept. I.— To-day a letter
was received by Mrs. Mitchell, wife of the
proprietor of the Hotel Mitchell, from
Clarence Clark, a tramp whom Mrs.
Mitchell fed and clothed one year ago.
The tramp at that time stole a purse con
taining $20 and disappeared. His letter of
to-day incloses $20 and states that he was
converted at the Peniel Mission in San
Francisco.
Apaches Driven Back.
JEROME. Ariz.. Sept. I.— New Mexico
and Arizona authorities succeeded in in
tercepting the Apache Indians who passed
through Jerome a few days ago on the
trail of the Zuni tribe of Indians that was
held responsible for the murder of a fam
ily of the Apache tribe near the Red
Rocks. The Apaches were driven back
to their reservation near Camp Verde.
Stole a Watch.
A middle-aged woman giving her name
as Annie Courtney was charged at the
City Prison last night with grand larceny.
She is accused of stealing a watch from
C V. Peterson, a miner, while the latter
was visiting her in her room in a lodg
ing house on Kearny street.
Send next SUNDAY'S CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy.
MINERS BRING
FORTUNES FROM
YUKON DIGGINGS
Steamers Laurada and Hum=
boldt Reach Seattle With a
Half Million in Dust.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call
SEATTLE, Sept. I.— Two steamers ar- |
rived from Alaska to-day bringing about |
500 miners, fortunate and unfortunate.
The Laurada came from St. Michael and
the Humboldt from Skagway. The total
amount of gold dust they brought down j
is estimated at half a million. The re
ports from the Cape Nome district are
still conflicting, but the fact .remains that
considerable gold dust was brought from
there by passengers on the Laurada. The i
dust is very fine and has to be amalga- '
mated.
S. M. Warren and H. O. Roberts of
Denver brought out $50,000 from the Eagle
City district. J. Dickinson, who has been
In that district six years, had 525.0U0.
From the Klondike came J. H. Ladd
with $20,000, E. McGrath with $50,000 and
Charley Anderson with $40,000. One stal
wart miner struggled toward the assay
office this morning with a sack of dust
fifteen inches long and was asked where
he came from. "Eagle City, sir; and
that's on the American side and I'm an
American miner, and don't forget it." He
seemed to take as much pride in the
latter part of his statement as he did i
in his sack of dust.
Many hard luck stories are told. T. C.
Martin of Chicago lies in Providence Hos
pital and his old partner. Thomas Cragie,
of the same place, is dead on the barren
and inhospitable shore of Kotzebue Sound.
Martin went in two years ago and is a
physical wreck, glad to have escaped
with his life. He says the terrors they
experienced were awful and cannot be
described. He had to be helped off the
Laurada and into and out of the convey
.ance by a friend named Kyle, who took
him to the hospital.
P J. Peteison of Chicago, who came
back on the Laurada, said he has an iron
constitution and does not seem to be
worst- off for a long, hard winter spent
in the Kotzebue country. "I was the
only one, though, out of thirty-one who
pitched camp that was si bit- when the ice
bruke up to walk out on straight legs.
Peterson wintered about 265 miles up the
Kobuck River from the mission on Hoo
dum inlet. .
Mike Daly and two Frenchmen from
Providence. R. 1., are reported to have
died last winter in the Koyukuk country.
Their bodies were found this spring.
Dr. Groves of Redding, Cal., died in the
Koyukuk country of spinal meningitis.
The Btring Sea was swept by a terrific
wind storm on the 19th, 2inh and 21st of
August that made all shipping caught
out in it struggle hard to live. The Brit
ish gunboat Pheasant, the United States
cutters Rush and Corwin and the Laura-,
da were all caught and had a hard time
to live it out. All escaped, however, but
the Pheasant lost two of her lifeboats,
which were smashed by heavy seas wash
ing her decks. The huge waves that broke
over her piled down into the forecastle,
driving every Jack Tar to other parts of
the ship.
The Rush and the Phea*int after the ;
storm put into Dutch Harbor, where the
Laurada saw them. The latter vessel
was caught by the hurricane one day this
Bide "f Nome" at about 10 o'clock on the
night of the 19th. It came up from the
p.nithwest and blew with terrilic force
until the 22d. The Laurada was heading
into it and shipped but few seas. Sailors
of the cutters said it was the worst storm
they had ever encountered.
ST MICHAEL, Alaska. Aug. 14. via
le, Sept. I.— The investigation of the
reported murder <>i the members of the
Jessie expedition by Indians at the mouth
of the Kuskokwlm River last summer has
begun. The revenue cutter Corwin, Cap
tain Herring, left to-day ' for Nunivak
Island, where R. C. Marsten. a trader,
who says the members of the expedition
were massacred, will be taken aboard. |
The Corwin will then go to the mouth of ,
the Kuskokwim and land an investigating
party, which, besides members of the i
crew, will include United States Marshal
Shuup, who arrived here several days ago
in < ompany with United States District
Judge Johnson. It is expected the inves- |
tigation will last several days. If any
evidence of murder is found the suspected
natives will be arrested and taken to Sit
ka for trial on the revenue cutter McCul
loch.
An incident occurred several days ago j
that strengthens the murder theory. Tne '■
schooner Bowhead, Captain Cook, reports
that on July 15 she put into Kuskokwim
Bay with supplies for the Moravian mis- j
sion at Bethel. A small boat was launched !
and [>ut ashore in charge of the first mate j
and two men to secure help to lighter the I
supplies ashore. Captain Cook waited j
two days for the men to return. On the
third day a gale caused him to put to ;
sea. He returned to the boat two days i
afterward and waited for his men. with
out success. He then sailed for St. Mi
chael and laid the matter before the rev- j
enue officers.
The small military jail at this fort is al
most filled with prisoners. They have all
been remanded for trial at Sitka th\s fall.
Among the prisoners is Homer Bird of
New Orleans, who shot and killed two
companions at Anvik last winter, anJ an
Indian named Azzurak. who killed Clar
ence Boyd, a prospector, at a village on
the Diomede Island in lS'j", and an Indian
named Nubarloo, who killed a prospector \
named Jenkins on Kotzebue Sound lust ;
fall and Sablock. alias captain Jack, an
Indian of the Diomede Island, who at- j
tempted to kill W. F. Doty, a teacher m I
the Government school at Clarence. An- I
other prisoner is Harry Temple of Olym
pia, Wash., who attempted to kill a ship
mate on the whaler Mermaid at Port
Clarence last July. The Indian prisoners j
and Temple were gathered together by
Captain Jarvis of the Bear during a re- ;
cent trip to Port Clarence.
Another murder is reported to have ;
taken place early in July near Hamilton, |
on the Yukon River. Martin Engbrech- I
sten, a prospector, while sailing down the ;
river from Dawson in a small boat with a
companion named Tokelson, was shot and
killed by an Indian in a canoe. The In
dian has not been apprehended. The mur
der was probably to avenge some fancied
wrong imflicted In the past by a white
man. Engbrechsten was a sailor, 40 years
old. He was possessed of about $500,
which is In the custody of United States
Commissioner Shepard.
A veritable stampede has set In from
this place to Cape Nome, not less than
fifty employes of the Alaska Commercial
Company and Northern American Trans
portation and Trading Company leaving
within the past few days for the new
diggings. The men, many of whom have
been working for salaries ranging from
$50 to $75 a month, have been crazed by
the reports recently brought over from
Anvil City by returning miners, every
one of whom Is loaded down with beach
gold. Added to this Is the demand made
upon the trading companies for quick
silver, copper plate, cyanide and other
articles*' used in rockering. Money is no
object In the purchase of these articles,
and it is not an uncommon occurrence to
see men offer $3 a pound for quicksilver
and as much for copper plate.
A nugget weighing an ounce was found
last week on the beach, and when the
news was circulated there was a wilder
rush than ever to secure rockers. Miners
working on the creek claims threw down i
their shovels and asked for their time
that they might share in the good luck i
of the 500 or more men on the beach. The
result was a general advance in wages.
Noble Wallingford of Seattle and part
ner in twenty hours' work one day last
week rocked out $725. and in one pan last
Friday Mr. Wallingford took out $18. I
This piece of ground is about ten miles \
from Anvil City, showing that gold is
to be found along the entire beach as !
fur as Port Clarence.
Equally as exciting as the finding !
of the $16 nugget on the beach was the |
finding of a twenty-ounce nugget on I
Bryntesen's claim No. 1. below Discovery,
on Anvil, last week. This is the largest
nugget yet found in the district.
POPULATION OF DAWSON
RAPIDLY DECREASING
Passenger List* Show That More Are
Leaving Than Entering the '
District.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Sept. I.— The
Dirigo arrived from Alaska toj-jiay. .with,
200 passengers and gold dust estimated at
a quarter of a million. The biggest win
ner is Barclay of North Dakota, with
JluO.Ouo. Among the passengers was C. S.
Coatsworth, who went in over the Ed
monton route. He reports that Dr. Ma
son of Chicago and others who were sick
with scurvy at Wind City got through
safely.
Since the opening of navigation, accord
ing to passenger lists, T»447 people have left
Dawson and 2889 have arrived there. This
aggregate does not include 1000 or 1500
men who floated down the river to Cape
Nome. It is estimated that there are
3000 "broke" men In the Klondike who
must get out of the country or become
objects of charity next winter.
The telegraph line has reached a point
on the Yukon River l">0 miles south of
Dawson. The work is being pushed ahead
at the rate of five miles a day.
The Government is building a wagon
trail from Caribou crossing to a point De
low White Horse Rapids, through Wat
son Valley and around Thirty-mile River.
This will lesser, the distance on the winter
trail fully 100 miles.
SANTA CRUZ BUYS
HIHN WATER PLANT
Long-Standing Trouble Between the
Corporation and the Munici
pality at an End.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept.'l.-Through the ef
forts of citizens an agreement has been
reached with the Hihn Company for the
transfer of its water system to the city
of Santa Cruz, thus ending the water is
sue, which has been before the people of
Santa Cruz ever since the city constructed
its own system. At an informal meeting
held last evening by the City Council the
proposition of the Hihn Company was ac
cepted. The agreement carries with it an
additional agreement that the Hihn Com
pany will sHI to the city the Brancefort
system whenever East Santa Cruz shall
be come a part of the city, the value
thereof to be determined by arbitration.
All litigation between the city and com
pany is to be dropped, the latter paying
all taxes and costs.
Recently the city offered to purchase the
Hihn system for Jisn.ooo, at the rate of $500
per month for thirty years, at the end of
which time the city was to become the
absolute owner. The corporation was will
ing to sell its system within the limits of
the city, but declined to dispose of that
part of the system which supplied East
Santa Cruz. All negotiations were there
upon declared off. and the Council adopted
a resolution giving free water for do
mestic purposes on and after September 1.
This resulted in a reduction of the reve
nue derived by the Hihn Company, and
the latter then came to terms.
The addition of these systems to its own
will give the city an income which in time
will almost defray the running expenses
of the municipal government, and is ex
pected to make a material reduction in
the tax rate.
SIX HUNDRED LIVES
LOST IN A COPPER MINE
The Levels Are Flooded and the Im
prisoned Miners Meet a Ter
rible Death.
YOKOHAMA, Sept. I.—Six hundred lives
', have been lost by the flooding of a copper
mine at Beshi, island of Shikoku.
EMPEROR'S SPEECH.
i William of Germany Addresses the
Imperial Guard at a Review.
BERLIN, Sept. I.— On the occasion of
the autumn review of the Imperial Guard
to-day Emperor William delivered a
i speech at the Royal Scloss. in the course
i of whicli he said he felt it incumbent
; upon him. at the close of the nineteenth
; century, to express his thanks to the
guard and his hope that in the new cen
i tury also they would distinguish them
; selves by unswerving efforts in works of
| peace and, if neeesary, on the battlefield.
"Thus," said his Majesty, "both officers
; and men will he worthy to look upon the
j quiet abodes of both my predecessors,
especially the great old Emperor."
BRITISH SHIP WRECKED.
Bark Bell of Arbon Goes to the Bot-
Tom, the Crew Being Saved.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA. Sept. I.— The Lima press says
the shareholders and president of the
Lima Railway Company in London must
be brutes for insulting Peru so grossly
at their recent meeting.
The British bark Uelle of Arbon. with a
cargo of guano, sank yesterday off Naza
rio Island, seventeen miles from Huacho.
The crew was saved and arrived last
night at Huacho.
Fruit Is Condemned.
TACOMA, Sept. I.— A carload of fruit
which was received from California was
condemned by Fruit Inspector P. W. Ton
neson to-day. The fruit was badly infei t
ed with the San Jose scale and codlm
moth. ■>
Is M Heart M?
Nervous Exhaustion Brings On
Serious Heart Trouble.
HUDYAN_CURES.
FORT COLLINS. Colo.
BEAR DOCTORS: IT GIVES ME GREAT
JLJ pleasure to state that HUDYAN cured me
of Nervous Trouble, which was complicated
with Heart Disease. My nervous system was
wrecked. I could not sleep, had headaches
nearly all the time, was thin and very weak.
I could not work. I soon observed that my
pulse was weak and irregular and my heart
would flutter. My doctor said I had heart dis-
ease. He could not help me. I took your
HUDYAN, and in a few weeks' time was en-
tirely cured. HUDYAN is a splendid remedy,
for I*now feel splendid and work every day.
ARTHUR S. FERGUSON.
What .HUDYAN did for Mr. Ferguson it will
do for you. -
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— a
package, or six packages for $2 50.
It your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. v .
"CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS~FREE
, OF. CHABGE. CALX, OB WRITE. - ._ ,
-
34
DEMAND FOR MEN AS
HOUSEHOLD SERVANTS
Male Help Is Fast Replacing the Servant
Girl in the Residences ol the
Windy City.
• CHICAGO, Sept. I.— Men for housework, both light and heavy, men to lum- £
X her around in the tracks of the deft servant girl and fill the places of the 0
V skirted handmaids as best they may, are now in demand at the employment I
0 agencies and are called for every afternoon in the "want ad" columns. In i
♦ many of the resident districts families are taking their meals at restau- q
© rnnt.s through utter Inability to secure a satisfactory cook. Other families, -f
+ despairing of ever obtaining the proper kind of female servants, are reach- 0
v ing out for men and finding them much more easily got than women. The i
X "help wanted" columns of the daily papers contain many advertisements for Jj
4. masculine house servants. Among the "ads" of th^s kind in to-day's issue q
0 were the follow >
p» Wanted— s6SE Division street, young man to do work of second girl: must have good V
T refei a
Q Wanted— Clean, sober man to take care of horse and heir lady with housework; _.
! + good home; Married couple, colored; general housework; good home; $5 per week to- **
q Wanted— Married coui>lp, colored: general housework; good home; $5 per week to- ~*
V Kether. O.SSK 4Sth placej near Grand Boulevard. . . i
C« Some advertisers ash for men who can combine with housework duties X
"£ usually expected of a man servant and barn attendant, Others are willing O
O to give employment to married couples, husband and wife between them ♦ i
"^ taking care of all the departments of the household labor; and still others ♦
"*" show in the advertisements they simply want housework done, and, unable ©
O to get girls, turn to men in hope of gaining the assistance wanted. At the il
■*" free employment agencies householders who seek for help are asking for men V
O much oftener than ever before and many able-bodied men seem to have no q i
■♦" hesitation about accepting duties once supposed to be solely within the + I
O province of women. " O
OLAA TRACT NOT
ON THE MARKET
Dole Explains the Situ- ,
ation.
SQUATTERS HAVE NO RIGHTS
LAND IS IN THE CUSTODY Of ;
THE GOVERNMENT.
When the Proper Time Comes It Will
Be Sold to Settlers and Specu
lators Will Be Barred
Out,
Ey HORACE VVRIJHT.
HONOLULU, Aug. 26.—1 am in receipt
of a communication from an alleged I
squatter on the Olaa lands, on the island !
vi Hawaii, to the following purport, and
have investigated the matter at the
fountainhead:
For several months pan the Hawaiian Gov
ernment h;>H advertised in the United States i
l übllc >>>•:- ami has stated th« terms by
which the* con be sbtaitlsd, which are very I
tavorntile to the settler. On the strength 'if |
ttiese representations a lure* number have
>vme to the inlands to take lands and maka
fur themselves homes. Ther have waited all
the way from six months to a year and still
the lands are nut open. HrowlnK impatient,
th» Intending settlers began investigating atxi
found out several things. First '•' «11 they
learned thai sugar plantation promoters were
contracting with men to settle on the land and
agreeing to pa) them for their time and the
cost of all necessary improvements with the
understanding that they were to deed it to satfl
promoters as soon as th<» patent was obtained.
They also learned that by the terms of the an
nexation treaty the Hawaiian Government can
not dispose of it n^r can the United Slates Gov
ernment until Congress enacts special laws.
The intending settlers wish to obtain a perfect
title, and believing that that can only come
through Congress as things stand at present,
they settled on the land to prevent Its being
opened by the local authorities an I to initiate
tlidr own right to the land. The island author
ities! propose to open thl* land November 24. j
and there sr.' =pv«ml hundred American clti- ■
fetis here who will tje barred out, and they ;
wish to know what Uncle Sum is doing to do
about it.
IVesident t>o!e ; being in theory and j
bractiee at the head of these lurid mat- j
ters and the active founder of the public i
lands and homestead laws. I applied to
blin among others for the necessary infor- i
inutioii; with the following result, which |
v.ill show that the "squatters, 1 ' of whom !
there are but very few— some thirty at the j
tnost— have no rights at all.
The first tracts of land in the Olaa r>;r.- ;
tie; . a very fertile one and now becom
ing famous for the sugar and coffee -being
raised Within the belt, were not allotted
satisfactorily* owing to certain conditions ■
attaching to them which could not be con- |
Venlently remedied; and it i.- very prob
able that th° intentions of the Govern
tiient to preserve them as homesteads for
bona lide settlers who would build up a
family home thereon were in Instances
frustrated.
With the present sections, however. it |
is different— the first place, as to whom
the title of the lands is vested. This
has been clearly defined by the State. De
partment in Washington in correspond- j
ence with the Hawaiian Government on j
categorical queries since annexation was j
aplished by the New-lands resolution. j
The United State* holds theße landn in i
trust for the Hawaiian people, and their
revenues are to be applied to specific pur
poses, and the Hawaiian Government acts
as the agent of the Federal Government |
In their administration, the mere use of j
the title* of "a republic" and "President"
being held not to grant independence or {
independent action. It is also explicitly i
decided that the land laws of the United |
States do not apply to Hawaii until Con - !
press has taken action. These lands do
not. in any practical sense of the word, i
correspond to the unsurveyed public lands
of the United States upon which "squat
ters" are presumed to have Inchoate j
lights of settlement. They are and have ;
!■•■!, for years surveyed lands, with the i
legal title vested in the Government of ]
Hawaii, and are not open to squatters, for |
there is no dispute of jurisdiction or title
between the Federal and the home Gov- !
ernments.
It should also be said that the corre- j
Bpondent is in error In stating that the i
opening up of these lands has been ad- !
vertised in the United States. There has j
been no authority for such action. They
have been advertised in certain " of ' the. l
Hawaiian newspapers and their sales I
open at Hilo Courthouse on November j
24, The desire has naturally been to ob- i
tain American or European farmers for I
sugar, coffee or fruit, as cereals are out !
of the question:
There are -500 lots averaging about fifty I
acres in each lot in this new district, and
the "upset price" ranges all the way from !
$1 to $20 an acre, principally from $10
to $20.
The conditions are such that every op
portunity is given to encourage bona fide |
settlement and to discourage land-grab
bing and speculative purchases, which,
however, under existing laws cannot be
absolutely prevented.
The principal conditions are: A pur
chaser of one lot may bid for a second lot
in actual contact with the first lot, hut
for no other, this rule applying to the lots
other than those on th. main road, but
a purchaser of a lot on the main road
cannot bid for a second lot on said road,
but may bid on a second lot elsewhere.
The agreement of sale contains also the
following conditions:
The purchase price of the land -to b» paid
within ten years, either in full . at my time
within said period of ten years, .or In Install
ments of one or more tenths of the purchase
price on any interest date. Interest at rate of
6 per cent per annum from date of agreement
. n unpaid balance of purchase price, payable
annually. • '
The purchaser shall begin substantial Im
provement of hi* holding within two years
(roni date of agreement, and shall from the
r-nd of second year have under cultivation at
all times not less than 10 per cent of the prem
ise? To entitle htm to patent grant *lying fee
simple title, he shall continuously maintain his
home upon the premises for a term of six
rears anil have at the end of such term 25 per
<-rnt of the premises under bona-flde cultiva
tion or shall have maintained his home con
tinouously upon the premises for four year«
and have under cultivation, it the end of such
period 50 per cent of the premises, such main
taining of a home to begin- at any time before
the end of the fourth year from date of agree-
He' shall plant. If not already growing, and
maintain In good growing condition from end
of second /ear until termination of. agreement^
' :.r. average of not len« than ten timber, shade
or fruit trees per acre.
He shall allow the agents of the Government
at all times to enter and examine the premises,
and shall pay any taxes that may become due
1 on the flume. At the end of th. tenth year,
er earlier If all conditions necessary thereto
i have been substantially complied with, the pur
| chaser shall lie entitled to a land patent, con
veying fee simple title to th« land described
I in agreement or sale.
In case of default or failure to perform the
I required conditions the Commissioners may
; take possession of the premises and may Bell
j the same at auction, either as a whole or in
parcels, for cash or terms of time payments;
and If ouch i>Hle results in advance on the
original price, the original purchaser to re
ceive therefrom the amount of his payments
to the Government on account of purchase,
without interest, and a pro rata share In such
advance in proportion to the amounts of his
payments. If such sale shall result, however,
| In a less price than the original the amount
returned to him shall be charged with a pro
' rnta amount of such decrease portioned to
: the amounts of his payment.
An agreement of sale covering such con
ditions Of Mile shall be made with the Gov
ernment, and no assignment of Interest under
', such agreement shall he made without the
written consent of the Commissioners of' Public
Lands.
One would think that these conditions
are fair and reasonably protective ones
and In the interests of buna fide settlers
Rnd the Government alike.
The so-called squatters have merely
struck 11 »take in the ground and lawyers
are found willing enough to take their
fees and encourage them with a founda-
Uobless hope. Mr. Dole emphatically an
nounced that they had no rights what
ever and that bona fide purchasers would
be protected in their rights by the Gov
ernment, who feels no doubt of the cor
rectness of their position as defined by the
Federal Government".
SEBERT SAYS
DREYFUS IS
INNOCENT
Continued from First Price.
cleared himself of all responsibility for
this crime against Dreyfus. So he has no
f.'.irs; he do. sn'l care.
That M. Cavaignac should have pro
cured even a synopsis of Dv Paty de
(.'lam's testimony Ifl in itself illegal, for
the law says that testimony so taken
must b« kept secret until it is read in
court. Rut M. Cavaignac risked a crime
and called together the generals to-night.
They know Dv Paty de Clam's revela
tions place them in extreme danger.
BOTH SIDES ANXIOUS.
Indications That a Grand Coup Is
Coming in Dreyfus Case.
NEW YORK. Sept L— The World cable
from Rennes says: As the end of the
trial approaches both sides are plainly
anxious. Jules Lemaitre. a member of tho
Academy, one of the foremost journalists
now here, is very close to the generala
and one of my friends in Nationalist
camps. He admitted to-day that he came
to consult with other anti-Dreyfus
leaders about starting immediately a vig
orous press campaign to prepare the
people fur a. military coup in case of ac
quittal.
Another dramatic effect is undoubtedly
coming. Mme. Pays, who was Ester
hazy's associate, is secreted in these
suburbs. She has been here two weeks,
and Major Lauth is coaching her every
afternoon in the part she snail play. It is
surmised that she has been brought here
to testify, ii su<*h testimony Is needed,
that Esterbazy got a small fortune from
the Jewish syndicate to confess himself
the author of the bordereau. To-day on
the campus I heard an officer say to Col
• ■ mdler.
"But, colonel, if Dreyfus is innocent,
how do. you explain it that so many peo
ple i oine to testify against him?"
There lies the danger to Dreyfus, Sol
diers are not always subtle. The judges
of Dreyfus do not seem to be particularly
intellectual. If they reason like their
brother of the army 1 have just quoted,
the poor captain is doomed, for new wit
nesses are .springing up against him every
MORE BEAUTY THAN SENSE
Two Pretty French Women Seek to
Give Food to Guerin.
PARIS. Sept. I.— Two professional beau
ties. Mile. Liane de Pougy and Mile.
Blanche d'Arvilly, made an atempt to .
revictual the Guerin "fortress." In a
Btylish landau they had concealed legs of
mutton and other edibles beneath flowers,
and they pretended to be dyins with curi
osity to see the "Grand Occident," tho j
name by which the building is known.
The police, however, were suspicious, es
pecially with reference to a garland two
yards long, which proved to hide a loaf
of bread. The dodge failed. The. police
discovered and stopped thp hole In the
cellar in the house adjacent through
which food supplies had h»efi conveyed to
the beleaguered anti-Semites.
EXTENSION GRANTED.
Bateman Brothers Allowed Eighteen
Days to Settle Differences.
The creditors and bondsman of the
Batttman Ilros., contractors for the con
struction of the Hall of Justice, met yes
terday morning with the Mayor and Su
pervisors to arrange some way out of
the tangle that Hall of Justice matters
have got into. After two hours of palaver
the Batemans agreed to finish the hall
within sixty d;iys and to draw none of
the money due them until their contract
was completed. Upon this the creditors
asked the board tor another extension
| of sixty days and the suspension of the
resolution to take possession of thu build
• Ing to-day, which was adopted at the
last mi sting.
The Mayor said he would call a special
; meeting of the board for 4 o'clock in the
afternoon and in the meantime City and
County Attorney I.ane was Instructed to
: draw up articles of agreement between
, the two parties. When the board met in
I the afternoon an extension of eighteen
i days was granted on motion of Super
visor Laekmann, and in the meantime the
differences that have arisen between Shea
& Shea, the architects, and the contract
ors ovt the locking device to be used on
the cells of the City Prison will be settled
by arbitratior
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
MOB ATTACKS
MORMON ELDERS
Miss Harden, a Peace
maker, Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHATTANOOGA,' Term., Sept. I.—
Wednesday night six Mormon elders
were conducting a meeting in a school
house at P.me Bluff, Stewart County,
Term., when the building was stormed
by a mob of over a hundred men. The
i building was almost demolished. Those
! inside fled In a panic to save their lives,
las bullets commenced to strike the
'' building thick and fast.
When Elders Hiram Olson and H. C.
Petty left the building Miss May Har
den, a popular young woman of the
place, walked between them with a
view of checking the work of the mob.
While the trio passed down the road
shots were Bred from ambush.
The woman was hit by a bullet and
almost instantly killed. Her brothers
vowed they would avenge the crime,
and after the first excitement died out
Becured bloodhounds and placed them
on the trail of the assassins.
Burton Vtnson, a prominent young
farmer and superintendent of a Sun
day-School, wrote a confession, stating
that he had killed the girl, but that it
■ was an accident, and that he wished to
i rid himself of remorse of conscience.
Shortly after the confession the
bloodhounds trailed him to his home.
Vinson turned, picked up a knife and
cut his throat, almost at the same in
stant sending a bullet through his
' brain. His family and the officers'
i posse witnessed the suicide.
REBEKAH DRILL CORPS
GIVES AN EXHIBITION
HANDSOME LADIES IN PRETTY
COSTUMES.
. The attractive feature last night in the
Assembly Hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing was the Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2,
recently organized, which gave its first
1 drill in' public. The occasion of the ilrst
appearance was a reception given by Can
ton San Francisco No. 5, In conjunction
with the Drill Corps, as a preliminary to
the Odd Fellows' jubilee to be held next
month. The corps is composed of hand
some members of the several Rebekah
- of this city, and the officers are:
Parker of Oriental .Lodge, captain:
Ella i 'ampboll of Loyal, lieutenant, and
Winnie Dowel <>f Templar, ensign. The
members of the corps are: Sarah and
Pauline Harris of California Lodge; Alma
Johnson, Gertrude Salvers, Dale Warford,
Lottte l arson, Pauline Striebeck. Geneva
Ash worth, A. Hasted t, Mollie Black Liot
tie Farr, Ada Bernheimer, Bessie Monroe
and Annie McDonald of Templar; Sarah
Draffln, Agnes A Draffln, Jennie Stamp,
Mat tie Webb and Lena Jarvta of Oriental:
■ Clara Gunsalles ol Amity; Louise Pecreau
and Margaret Dentenhofl ot Walhalla,
and Josephine Connelly, Agnes Goff, An
nie Lawrence and Kola Cyrus of Loyal
Lodge.
The ladies were attired in short black
skirts, close-fitting jackets with white silk
. trimmings, white belt, Mack Bboe"s and
- ,_'s and Jaunty black eajrs. They
, were armed with swords and presented a
verj attractive appearance. These cos
tumes were designed by Mis. K. M. Mc-
Lane, t lie president of the corps.
The corps was escorted Into the hall by
j San Francisco Canton No. 5 in full dress
uniform, and it was admitted by the mem
■, ;.. canton that the members of
the corps were several points ahead of
them In marching and wheeling. The la
dies were greeted with prolonged ap
plause. During the evening there was
present* l a short programme, the num
bers being: Bl Nino Eddie on the bound-
Ing rope. Little Maudie in coon Bpeeial
ti.s Ray Adams in parodies and funny
sayings and Walton, the musical artist.
This was followed by a short drill by the
1 corps which was marked by many perfect
it tons. The corps will be a feature
during the Odd Fellows' parade in Octo
i ber. After the drill there was dancing
: until midnight.
Committee to Receive Bryan.
William J. Bryan, who la on hifl
way to San Francisco, has already been
Invited to divide his time between his
advertised meeting at Woodward's Pa
villon, where he will speak at R o'clock on
Thursday nlpht, and at the Mechanics'
Institute Fair. At the latter place he
will be presented with an invitation card
neatly engraved on solid silver. This will
be presented to the great orator by a
special committee of the institute which
will be appointed between now and the
.';,!.> of his arrival. ThlsS action was de
termined on la*t night by the directors of
the Mechanics' Institute.
\siilß from this honor. Setn Mann,
eh lirman of the Democratic State. Central
Committee, has announced the following
as the reception committee who will re
ceive Mr Bryan on his arrival in thi3
city ai 11 o'clock on the morning of
Thursday:
James G. Maguire (Chairman), R. M. Fitz
gerald J C. McKlnstry, C A. Clinton, w. C.
Graves. Charlsa Bdetman, C. Harbour. p. J.
Curtis J. H Brady.. M. C. Hassett, T. J.
Pindar, J. P. Twlgar, L. J. Dwyer, D. S.
O'Brien J J. Crowley, Judge Walter \an
Dyke J. M. Seawell, F. J. Murasky, Jeremluh
Deasy Frank H. Gould. W. H. Metson. Wil
liam MrMann. M. F. Tarpey. Oscar Hocks.
Joseph Leggett, Hart Rurke, P. B<>land, E. 1.
Coffity, James I lenman, C. J- Gallagher, M.
H Hernan W. P. Sullivan, It. Porter A she,
S Hall, J. M. Hanley, W. B. White. Wash
lngton Dodge. William R. Daingerfleld, J. W.
Coffey, Li. F. Hyington, Ed McCabe, P. J.
Harney Waltser B. Cope, Charlei W. Fay,
Max Magnus, Charles a. Hnkomb, T. i:.
■ .. B. Braunhart, J. Coffey, John Pay,
j. H. Hanaea, .) M. Klein, P. J. Tomulty,
J. Feeney. Lawrence Hoe.y, E. D. Sullivan,
.1 S WardeU, Franklin K. Lane, Frank 11.
Dunne, William P. Lawlor, Dr. K. E. Hill,
A Vcgelsann, R. Herrold, O. Goldaraoena,
Jefferson (handler, Jiihn Markley, Oolon«] J.
c O'Connor J P. l>anßhorne, H. KichholT,
J. C. Nealon, J. J. McParle, William Craig,
P. J. lmnne, L. Metzgr-r, J. J. Harrett, M.
Nunan, P. T. Nolan, Captain John Hackett,
Jasper McDonald, Bert Schleainxer. Fiaher
Ames. James H Barry, A. M. Lawrence, A.
J',. Ktnn.'. A. C. Frt>p«e, R. P. Troy, T. I.
O'Brien, T. J. Walsh, Thomas Burke, Walter
P. Stradley. Matthew I. Sullivan, John P.
Dunn, <;;ivin McNab, .T. Downey Harvey, Hugh
MoAvov, Livingstone Jenks, P. F. Dundon, F.
J. Sullivan, Fraiuis J. Heney, Hugo Hornleln.
: T. J. 'Munle, J. V. Culeman, E. A. Brldgeford,
T J Glynn, T. F. Harry, Max Popper, Judge
Robert Ferral. R. Beverley Coin, William J.
Bigjry, K. A. Reddy, W. F. Stafford, P. J.
McCarthy, J. I>. Sullivan, Otto Luders, John
EtoMafeld, flalllarfl Stonay, Reel B. Terry,
Thomas R. Bannermann. Robert A. Thompson,
• ■ 1/ A'-kt-i m.i.u. LafeA'ence, T. W. B. Leland,
De. Joseph Peseta, H. C. Gesford, W. P. Mor
gan. P. J. Full..n. Raphael Welll. John M.
Wright, A. J. Clunie, I. Gutte, W. Cronan,
1 James M. Block. William Broderick, B. P. R.
Troy, R. I. Whelan, L. M. Hoeffler, J. F.
Tyler. J. U Gallagher, H. A. MoCraney. Chris
; Kohnke, George H. Cabanlss, A. D. Lemon,
; L. M. Manzer, James A. Devoto.
FELL INTO A SEWER.
Unpleasant Experience of Emmet
Strong, a Six- Year-Old Boy.
Emmet Strong, a boy 6 years of age,
1 had the unpleasant experience yesterday
j afternoon 01 falling into a sewer at Kif t h
I and Shipley streets, ami if it had not been
for the presence of mind of Juck Ottosen,
| who lives at 2T<2 East street, he would
I have been drowned.
Alterations are being made In the sewer,
and the boy was playing around the lum
ber. He stepped off the sidewalk into a
manhole and disappeared. Ottosen heard
i his cries and rushed to the manhole. The
i boy had gone down twice, but as he rose
the third time Ottosen caugnt hold of his
arm and dragged him out, more dead than
alive. Policeman Hurley sent the boy to
: the Receiving Hospital in the patrol
' wagon, and he was soon pronounced out
iof danger. He suffered most from sewer
| gas.
Dr. Cohn's Little Bill.
State Quarantine Office Dr. I. E. Cohn
filed a libel In the United States District
Court yesterday against the French hark
Tourinne to recover $30 on a contract to
furnish medical attendance to the officers
and crew while the vessel remained in
port.
If you want to see the richest line and
largest of "millinery" see Keith's opening
Friday and Saturday, 808 Market street. *
McKINLEY INVOLVED
IN THE LABOR QUARREL
Requested to Absent Himself From the
Cornerstone Laying Ceremonies
at Chicago.
CHICAGO, Sept. I.— There is grave danger that the situation between la- #
bor unions and the contractor who Is erecting the Government building will }
result in keeping President McKinley and his Cabinet from attending the »S
ceremonies of laying the cornerstone, and may cause a postponement of the *.
ceremonies.
The committee from the lahor unions which called on Postmaster Gordon g»
to-day to state the position of organized labor in regard to the laying of the «
cornerstone reports that Mr. Gordon let drop the remark that the President Jf
would probably not come to the ceremonies because of the situation as re- ♦
gards organized labor, and added that the ceremonies might be postponed «£
until a time when the atmosphere has cleared. This impressed the labor £
committee, and the members decided after leaving the postoffice to write *
the President, asking him not to attend any ceremonies connected with the
laying of the cornerstone cut by non-union labor. The stone is now being cut V
by non-union labor at quarries in Maine. c»
GRIGGS CONVINCED
OF CARTER'S GUILT
Court Martial's Findings
Will Be Approved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 1.-The World's
Washington correspondent says: Attor
ney General Griggs, who has held the Car
ter papers for more than six months, will
hand his decision to the President next
week. Wayne MacVeagh, counsel for Cap
tain Carter, is expected from Kurope souii
and will be summoned to Washington im
tni diately to make his oral argument In
behalf of his client. The World corie
ppondent learns on high authority that so
far as the findings pertain to Carter all ne
they have been tacitly approved. Griggs
is convinced of Captain Carter's guilt. But
this is not all. Griggs believes thai Car
ter was not alone in his peculations, and
it is the "others," so the World is in
formed, whom Griggs is now after.
Captain Carter need expect no quarter
from the Department of Justice, lie must
look to the White House.
Tue army believes Captain Carter guilty
and wants him punished, of course the
opinion of the Attorney General is not
final Witii his report handed in the case
will be up to the President, where it has
been thn*e times before. No one knows
the President's views on the case.
The late president of the Pennsylvania
Railroad. Colonel Frank Thompson, Pres
ident McKinley's personal friend ami
companion, did more to interest the Presi
dent in the Carter case than any ether
one man or set of men. Mr. Thompson
thought Carter was innocent. lie ad
vis. >d the President to look further for the
real culprits.
When the President referred tho Carter
papers to Griggs he told him to "dig
deeper than the surface Indications." This
is the administration excuse for delay.
IMP WINS ONCE AGAIN.
NEW YORK, Sept. I.— The Sapphire.
for two-year-olds, and the Turf handi
cap, for three-year-olds and upward, were
the stake attractions at Sheepshead Bay
to-day. Sadducee was made a hot favor
ite for the Sapphire, but after leading to
the elbow failed to maintain his position,
ami Gulden, whom Odom had kept well
Up in the lirst threr- furlongs, took up the
running and won cleverly from Coburg,
which came with a rush at the ond and
took the place from Hindus. The Turf
handicap proved to bo <>v.\y a gailnp for
the mnre Imp. winner of the Suburban
and Brighton handicaps. She picked up
12S pounds, made all her own running and
won fighting for her head in the fast time
of 2:07 1-5. Results:
Futurity course. FolUng-Rmoke won, Dun
blane second. Federalist third. Time, 1:13 1-6.
One mile-— Klondike won, X C B second, Mar
marka third. Time, 1:42 1-5.
The HaiH'hlre, five anil a half furlongs—Gul
u-n won, i 'cburg second. Hindus third. Time,
1:06 2-:..
Mile— Rush won. Toiuoa second. General Mart
Gary third. Time. 1:41 2-n.
Six furl.inp?, selling- Maldstonr won, Vendig
second. Decide third. Time, 1:U 1-B.
The Turf handicap, mile and a quarter— lmp
won. Decanter second, Bon Ino third. Time,
2:07 1-5.
BUFFALO, X. T.. Sort- I.— lt was muddy
and threatening at Fort Krie to-day. Results;
Six furlonps— La Masrotta won. Crystalline
second, Whim third. Time, 1:21%.
Five and a half furlonirs— Stiles won. Vohicor
second, Slnnemahon third. Time, lil.iVj.
Six furlonps -Loyal Prince won. Roy Slazar
second, Aquinas third. Time, 1:19%.
Five furlongs— Dissolute won. Lamp Globe
second. Elprm third. Time. 1:05.*.
One mile and an f>l(jhth— Krls.s Krinple won
Homelike second. WpltWk third. Time. 2:02.
Six furlonjjs— Farm Life won. Louisville Belle
second, Jessie Jarboe third. Time, 1:20%.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Sixth day of the Meeting of the Golden
Gate Association, Friday, September 1. Weather fine. Track fast.
FIRST RACE— Pacing, 2:15 class: purse. $10CV mile heats, two in three.
P. H. Qulnn's h. s. Arthur \V. by Wayland W by The Grand Moor (J. Qulnn).. 4 11
,T. B. Ivi-rsons rh. m. Dlctatp«««, by Dlctataq by Vermont (S. E. Kont) 1 2 ?
Receiver, fa. K-. by Altamont (J. Sawyer) 2 3 7
Fanny Putnam, b. m., by rhrlstmas (C. Jeffries) 3 4 i
Don. b. h.. by Falrose (J. Reldv) 8 8 S
Harvey Me. nlk. k , by McKlnney fC. A. Durfee) 6 5 R
Piawood, eh. s., by Diablo 10. .1. Holmes) 7 fi S
Bell W, blk. m., by Director (O. "vVompe) 10 7 6
Monti^eto Boy. b. * by Glenwnod CF. Mpnchaca) 11 9 9
Ketchum, b. h.. by Gosslper <L. J Fentnn) 9 10 dig
Mollle Xurae. b. m., by Woodman (E. B. Smith) S dis
Time— 2:l6^4. 2:15 H. 2:16%.
SECOND RACE— Trotting; free for all; purse, $l."0O; mile heats, two In three.
rharlps B. Clark's br. r. Topples, by Strathway by Pasha (Clark) 1 \
lora. b. m.. by Ira (J. W. Donathan) 2 8
Klamath, b. g , by Morookus (O. .Tudd) 3 3
Calette Wllkes. blk. 'm.. by Jud Wilkes (P A. Durfee) ....: 4 5
Clay I. b. P., by Grover Clay <C. Rodrlßuez) 6 4
Claudius b. g., by Nutwood Wilkes (L. W. Barstowl 5 7
Neernut, b. s., by Albert W (J. C. Brook?)... 7 8
Tlme-2:14' 4 , 8:1414.
Presiding Judge— J. W. Brooks. ' _^^ Starter— Havey.
I Q THIRD RACE— One mile; selling;' three-year-olds and upward; purse, $250.
_ . . ! Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. 1st. Hm. Hm. %m. Str. " Fin. Jockeys. lOp. CI.
(11) Lost Girl. 6 109 1 26 2122 21 12 Ruiz Out Out
... Tenrica 4 104 6 31 45 46 3h 2 IU Devln I 3 3-2
15 Scintillate, 4 104 5 6 3 h 3 h 4 5 3 ns (Norton I 8-5 2
15 Yule, 4 104 2 lh IH lh lh 4 2 |Frawley 1 6-5
2 The Waif. 4. ...... 10514 4h 6 6h 6H 8" (Thomas 4 6
... Munsey. 3 105 f 3 5 h 5 h 6 6 7 (Tullett | 4 6
Time— 1:45. Good start. Won easily. Winner, E. G. McConnell's ch. m., by Sobrante-
Nellle K. '
qa FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
•_-_»"• purse, $250.
_ ._ . — | Betting.
j I I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. Hm. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. ] Jockeys. Op. Cl.
18 Lothian. 3 .88 1 lh 11 lh 1 IH 14 12 'Walsh 3 5
15 Fortis. 3 90 3 3H 3n 31 3n 32 28 'Mills 4-5 7-10
15 Grady, a 106 2 26 21-21 In 2h 35 Golden 6 6
(8) Twinkle Twlnk. 5. ..101: 4 44. 44 42 41 (P 4H '('oburn 3 11-5
11 Don Luis 4 .104 6 5H 6 6 5n ah 5',. IFrawley 6 8
15 Donator, '4 104 5 6 5 % 5h 6 4h 6 Wright . 3 5
Time— 1:49H~ Good start. Won easily. Winner, J. Foley's h. g., by Imp. Mldlothlan-
Loleta. * '______ -
Of FIFTH RACE— furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $250.
: '■ T~ ., . - I Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight [St. Hm. Hm. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. (Op. Cl.
(4) The Buffoon 106 1 ... S3 3 4 ... In E. Jones 1 1
10 El Arte -. 100 2- . ... 11*-}* '" 2 2 I.T. Stewart.... 10 15
16 Flush of Gold 106 10 ... 9h 8 2 ....':<; 3 3 Golden 3 8
7 Enjoyment.... 103 3 ... <h 5U ... 4 IH Frawley 5 7
10 Fairfax 10916 ... 8 114 8 3 ... 5U Ruiz 5 7
4 Halifax , 106 12 ... 116 10 1 ... 6h Walsh .". 4 7
10 Jolly Briton 1021 8 . ••• °h Si!. ... 7 3 Buchanan .... 10 15
1 Georgle K.... 103! 5 ... I 4 4h ... 8 2 lFarrell 10 15
10 Expedient 105)4 ... 5H 7 1 ... 9« 'Thomas 12 7
10 Azor .10017 ... 2h 3 (. ... 10 H I Devln 5 5
... Abblolo ......102 9 ■ ... 12 11 ... 116 IRauer ;. 15 20
10 Calcum ;. IPO1!! ' — WJ4 12 ... .12 jPerslco 20 30
Time— 1:0SH. Good start. Won driving! Winner. H. J. Jones' b. g., by Fordham-Georgla
Kinney. :'':;,' ---■-• '-. ..:"<; .= r-'.'.V":-'.'..;-" C-*-;-'^ • " "' ■'
SWIFTWATER'S
"SISTERS" HERE
WITH THE DUST
Loaded With Gold and
Diamonds.
The famous Lamore twins, Nell and
Bell, on whom Swiftwater Bill, the erst
while Klondike millionaire, lavished his
princely fortunes, arrived here Thursday
night from Dawson loaded down with gold
dust and diamonds, and took apartments
at an uptown hotel.
For the last year and a half the petite
actresses have been in Dawson, where
they succeeded in gathering In enough
gold dust to line their nests for the re
mainder of their days. Between them the
girls have a little over $175,000, and al
ready they are making preparations to
build a residence across the bay.
They indignantly deny the story tele
graphed from Victoria a few days ago
to the effect that they were ordered out
of Dawson for making too much money.
"The story is made out of whole cloth,"
said Miss Nellie last night. "Ordered out
of Dawson? Well, I guess not. Why, I've
got valuable property in Dawson and
friends enough to elect me Mayor if I
were a politician. 1 have been in Dawson
ever since April of last year, and dirring
that time 1 followed my profession at the
best theater in town.
"V>-s, I did make a little monoy up
there," admitted the young lady as she
arched her eyebrows and triumphantly
tOßsed her Huffy bead 7n satisfaction. "I
knew everybody In Dawson and 1 made
plenty of money. What do I Intend to do
now Well, I haven't made up my mind
as yet. Bell and I are thinking of build
ing a nice residence over across the bay,
where we can live comfortably. We do
not intend to go back to Dawson for pome
time. My sister Gussie, who is still there,
will look out lor my interests."
It cost the Lamore sisters nearly $500
to have their sa«ks of g"ld dust carried
across the ice tn civilization.
The young ladies sent their wealth to
the Mint yesterday to have it coined into
twenty-dmjar pieces, and it is needless to
mention that they will know how to use
it alter I'ncle Sam changes the dust into
flittering gold pieces stamped with his
official signed
LADY CHAMPIONS.
Miss Carrie Neely and Miss Banks Win
at Tennis.
fHTOAGO, Sept. L— Miss Carrie Neely
of Chicago and Miss Maud Banks of Phil
adelphia won the double tennis champion
ship of the West to-day at. the Kenwood
Country Club tournament by defeating
Miss Myrtle McAter of Pittsburj? and Miss
Elsie Neel of Chicago in a four-set match.
Kx'-opt in the third set, in which Miss
Neel and Miss McAter won easily, the
champions had no difficulty in defeating
tlnir nponents. Ail four players were in
fine form. Miss Neely's playing being
especially brilliant.
The final match in singles will be played
to-morrow between Mis.-? Neely and Miss
McAter. The winner will meet Miss At
kinson of Brooklyn on Monday for the
woman's Western championship* Summa
ries:
Doubles, final round— Misses Carrie
Neely and Maud Banks defeated Misses
Elsie Neel and Myrtle McAter, 6—l, fi— 2
2—6. 6—2. Final round singles, postponed
from Niaprara-on-tho-Lake— Miss Parker
defeated Miss Champlln, 7—9, B—6, 6—2. .
TOGGLES WON
THE RICH FREE
FOR-ALL TROT
lora the Contender
in Both Heats.
"COOKIE" KLAMATH KNOCKING
ARTHUR W OUT/FOOTED A BIG
FIELD OF "WIGGLERS."
Lost Girl Was Barred in the Betting.
Fortes in More Hard Luck.
The Buffoon Scored
Again.
Taken all in nil, the racing furnished
at Oakland track yesterday was about
the best of the Golden Gate Agricultural
Society's meeting. As in other classes i %
sport, the top-notchers have the call,
and It was undoubtedly the big free-for
all trot which attracted the crowd. Start
ing in it were Galette Wilkea, formerly
Galette, 2:U"- 4 ; Neernut, 2 :12 1 / 4; Toggles,
2:O9V*: Clay S. 2:l3Vi: Claudius, IMHVi; lora.
2:11, and old "'Cookie" Klamath, 2:O7V*.
the pride and pet of the deceased turf
man, Tom Raymond. It looked a hard
bunch to draw from, but past deeds and
recollections made Klamath a slight fa
vorite over Toggles for the opening heat.
He was the same old "Cookie" as of old
whrn it came to the battle through the
home stretch, righting every inch of the
way, but age has dulled his st>e»'d, and
many a hard mile has caused knots to
embellish those iron legs. In the opening
heat he tried his best, but finished third.
lora, handled by Donathan, set a merry
! clip to the stretch, closely attended by
; Toggles. Driver Clark, behind the lat
ter, called on the little bay, and in a furi
ous drive won by half a length in 2:l4'*-
At the paddock it looked as if the heat
would go to Klamath. but the veterans
underpinning grew weary and he left his
feet. At that he was lapped on the lead
ers.
"He'll come back all right," the crowd
said, and Klamath responded to the bell
tap favorite for the second heat. It was
I a repetition of the lirst. Toggles, superbly
driven by Clark, again leading out lora
! by a short half-length, the time being ex
actly the same as for the first heat. Kla
muth broke in the stretch, iinishing third.
Galette Wilkes stepped two nice heats and
will bear watching further down the line.
But one other favorite was beaten dur
ing the afternoon. Arthur W. captured
the 2:15 pace, his second win during the
meet, and in the running end of it Lost
Girl and The Buffoon scored brackets.
Fortis, though a 7 to 10 chance, was de
j feated hands down by Lothian.
Alter playing in hard luck the first heat
with the giant Arthur W in the opening
heat of the 2:16 class pacing event. Reins
man John Quinn came out and took down
the purse in two straight. Dictatress, the
handsome and game daughter of Dic
tatus. owned by J- B. Iverson. the Salinas
horseman, won the opening heat in S:l£tf
and was the contender in the next two,
but slightly outclassed.
The track was then given up to the
runners, the opening number being a
mile selling run. Lost Girl was barred
in the betting, and won at leisure from
Tenrica, the third choice. Yule tired after
covering seven furlongs.
Frank OKane's brown gelding Fortis
made such a phenomenal run on Wednes
day that the mile and a sixteenth event
was considered a gift for him. Starting
an odds on choice he stumbled at the
start and was headed the entiiV distance
by Lomond, a 5 to 1 shot excellently rid
den by novice Walsh. Grady sulked the
latter' part, finishing in the show.
Twinkle Twink was not a. star on this
I occasion.
A cheap band of 2-year-olds lined up in
the final five-furlong scramble. The
Buffoon was installed a warm even mon
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AS A MAN SHOULD FEEL!
THERE SHOULD BE NO WEAKNESS.
THE NERVES SHOULD BE SOUND.
MUSCLES SHOULD BE STRONG.
THE MIND CLEAR.
THE EYES BRIGHT AND
SPARKLING WITH HEALTH.
It Is possible for every man to feel like this. Weakness, loss of
memory, failure of the nerve and vital forces follow the loss of that
wonderful element of the nerves known as animal magnetism — or Elec-
tricity. It can be restored by
Dr. McLaugh Jin's Electric Belt
Ten thousand men and women praise this grand invention. Every
day some new convert to its remarkable powers lifts up his voice and
tells that he has been restored to health and happiness by it. Here is
another late cure:
A Former Mayor's Evidence.
SAN JOSE, Cal.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin.
Dear Sir: I want to add my testimony to your collection of evidence,
pointing out the value of your Electric Belt, which I have had for the
past ten years. It cured me of rheumatism years .. ro, and I have since
found it a good thing for any sort of sickness. If a man has any trouble
about his kidneys or ha<-k it will cure him. It is an invigorator of great
power, and beats any medicine on earth. I can do you a great deal of good
in this country, as I am well known here and in Kansas, where I was
Mayor of the city of Wichita. I will go out of my way to testify to the
fact that I know your Belt to he all you represent k. Yours truly.
JOHN B. CAREY, 26 South Eighth Street.
Do You Wish Further Proof?
FREE BOOK! The little book published by Dr. McLaughlin is full
of evidence, cures of people in every city in the West. It also has in-
formation of great value to those who have lost health by excesses or
indiscretion. It is free, closely sealed, by mail. Call and examine this
wonderful Belt and talk with Dr. McLaughlin about your trouble. Con-
sultation free and invited. Call or address
T\*% nff A M/-»T I^l3— 702 Market Bt.. c»r K»»ray, 8 F.:
Dr. in. a, luCLaugniiii, | t n Brdi8 rdio L k og B A i » ck e j, c i or Bpring " d BeMmd
Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
ey choice, winning in a drive from i
Arte, a 15 to 1 outsider.
CLOSING DAY AT OAKLAND.
First Event Will Be Called at One
O'Clock — Seven Races on the Card.
This will be the closing day of the meet
ing at Oakland and on account of the
length of the programme the first race
will be called at 1 o'clock.
The entries are as follows.
First race-Running; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling: three-quarters of a mile.
is c nm i s .; 103! 20 Grady 17
isL^mo :::: .io9i npm? mm
!? Magnus .1 104 13 Seven Up U4
11 Widow Jones.... 109.
Second race-Trotting; 2:30 class; purse $1000;
mile heats; three in five.
Hnnk Birdcatcher,
Kleanor Ann, El Moro.
Mcßria. , Richard S.
Alix B, \__
Third race-Pacing; 2:25 class; purse $1000;
mile heats; three in five.
Captain HacketV I Clipper,
CMC • Thera.
Martha Whips, S-uTvlfttin*
Vileria, lld Nutting.
Alta, i
Fourth race-Trotting; 2:19 class: purse $1000;
mile, heats; two In three.
Addison, ' -'' << : .Lottie, n
Myrtle j Collie D,
Listerj'ne. ! Slie }}i i. t
Central Girl, j Twilight,
Athavis. . Theron,
Brice McNeil, ' Guy A ernon.
Fifth race— Running; maiden two-year-olds*
five-eighths of a mile.
21 El Arte 9S. 21 Azor ins
16 Palapa 98 21 Fairfax .. 1U
10 Druldess 1061 4 Bogus Bill l'»J
16 Constellator 111! 21 Calcum its
21 Jolly Britton....lol|
Sixth Running; handicap; purse $300;
one mile.
17 Alvero 90 19 Hohenlohe 12
12 Roadrunner 112: 15 P. A. Finnegan.. 99
20 Lothian 96! 17 San Augustine... 86
19 Tenrica 90. 17 Oraibee 100
Seventh race— Running; three-year-olds and
upward; three-quarters of a mile.
12 Anchored 100 6 Melkarth 1M
14 p. F 106 12 Road warmer ....lCb
14 Tlburon lOS 11 Jack McCabe 87
13 Smyle 106 17 Nonchalance ••••!£>
13 Beau Monde lCtfj 13 Ojai '"'
18 Chihuahua- 103| 18 Major Cook 100
MORE NEW LAWYERS.
Forty-One Passed Their Examination
in the Supreme Court.
During the past three days the com
missioners of the Supreme Court hava
been engaged in examining a large class
of applicants who desired to practice law
in the several courts of the State. About
riftv were examined and forty-one were
successful and will receive their diplomas
at once. Following are the names ot those
who passed:
\lbert J. Madsen, William Sandheldt Jr., L.
F Young, Alvie W. Sans, Franklin T. Hittell.
I R M Brown. Geonte \V. Jean. William »'.
Btetzger, E'lwin Coolidge, Alfred Barstow A.
B Htlger W. J. Kirkpatrick, Krnest W. Mas
s«^v Jacob E. Cohen. E. T. Crane, Charles A.
, -Gray. Nathan C. Coghlan. 1.. B. Fowler. G. M.
, Parks, Georee D. Haurtman, F. A. Griffin.
Guy T Jackson. Edward R. Jones, Frank £..
Allen, John P. Allen, Oliver Dibble. James K.
! Tapscott. Norman O. Byers, Edward R. tlias
-1 sen, O*orge W. Bush, Robert P. Troy, Char.-i
1 W Pk-kard, Charlts E. A. Creighton. E. J.
Flanlgan, John Davidson, George H. Thompson
George D. Leslie, Thomas Pearson, trans
Little, J. T. Greene and Martin Madsen.
Problem for Labor Council
At a meeting of the San Francisco
Labor Council last night the right of dele
gates Ernest Koenig and Arthur Andre of
the Brewers' Association to retain thoir
seats in the council caused a lengthy de
bate. The constitution provides that the
seat of a delegate to the council is for
feited if he accepts a nomination from
any political party. Koenig and Andre
have been nominated for office by the So
cial Democrats. The council was loth to
declare their seats vacant, and finally
Secretary Rosenberg offered an amend
ment to" the constitution, which will ba
voted on at the next meeting, exempting
the Social Democratic party from the op
eration of the law. The question of
whether union musicians should be al
lowed to play at certain theaters on La
bor day was referred to the Musicians*
Union. _
Postofflce Examination.
The annual examination for the Postof
fice service in this city will be held on
Saturday November 18, of this year. Ap
• plications can be secured from the secre
tary of the Poetoffice board, room 3, main
! Postoffice.STUDYING THE
PLANS TO MAKE
FINAL AWARDS
Visiting Architects Are
Busily Engaged.
ENTERTAINED BY MRS. HEARST
WILL ANNOUNCE THEIR DECIS
ION THURSDAY NIGHT.
This Afternoon They Will Have an
Outing on the Bay and in the
Evening They Will Jour
ney to Tamalpais.
The famous foreign and home architects
• imposing the jury of award in the de
signs for the elegant California State
University buildings were busy all day
yesterday In examining the plans. Al
ready they have put in three days in the
inspection and study on the plans, and it
s probable that they wli. be occupied at
least tour days more before they arrive
at a conclusion. Great interest is mani
fested iii the work of improving the
architecture which has been inaugurated
fo generously by Mr?. Hearst. The award
win be made by the jury on Thursday
night next. when something over J20.000
w-ill be handed over to the successful
ones.
After a hard day's work in the ferry
building, where the plans are exhibited,
the jury, which lists of J. S. Pascal
of Paris. Walter Cook of New York, John
Belcher of London. Paul Waller of Dres
den and Regent J. B. Relnsteln. were
driven last evening to Baker street and
Pacific avenue to view the Golden Gate.
They will take a tug to-day and steam
n!ong the water front. This Is in order
to prepare themselves to sit as jurors in
another competition which Mrs. Hearst
will submit to them having in view an
idea to beautify the city.
This evening the jurors and their
friends will make a trip to the summit
of Mount Tamalpals. On Sunday morn
ing a special train will carry them to
Verona, near Pleasanton, where th*»
architects will spend the night at the
hacienda owned by Mrs. Hearst. They
will return on Monday and resume the
examination of the plans.
NEUMAN BOYCOTTED
BY A SAWDUST TRUST
A sawdust dealers' combine wa? the
I ent feal ire of the inquest yester
oto the cause of the death of Henry
N-- ;man, who hangod himself last Thurs
day afternoon In his barn, 714 Bryant
■
The testimony showed that Nouman
riy worked for Adam Neuman, his
father, in the business of gathering, buy
ing and selling sawdust, but upon being
• : j:. Increase of salary he left his
father's employment and went into the
business for himself. I; was not long be
, . n up against a sawdust trust,
■ : ror five firms, and he
complained to his wife that the man from
whom he had been buying the sawdust
had refused to let him have any more.
This seemed to depress him very much.
She told the Coroner's jury that whi-n he
home with th'- i • ■■: few dk\s be
fore his death he was :•; a Btate of great
• ment. an 1 almost hysterical.
Henry Delger. a member of the San
Francisco Sawdust Association, testified
ry Neuman was not a. member
association. He denied that the or
ganization refused to sell sawdust to non
ind at the same price which It
members.
Weiman, foreman of the jury, ob
: to the line of examination that was
-. . irsued by the Coroner. He thought
the San Francisco Sawdust Assocla
jhould not be lugged into the case.
that the object of the Inquest was to
determine in what manner Neuman came
tr, his death, and not to Investigate the
• ss affairs of the sawdust associa
tion.
Coroner Hill replied that his questions
on that subject had been dictated by curi
osity, since the wife of the deceased had
mentioned his trouble with the assocla
ti< n. The jury returned a verdict of sui-
THE MONTEREY EXCURSION.
LARGE SALE OF TICKETS.
Completion of Arrangements for the
Pleasure and Comfort of Ex
cursionists.
The passenger department of the
hern Pacific reports a heavy sale of
s for the great excursion to Mon
terey to-morrow and that every ar
rangement has been ma^i-- for the car
rying out «.f the programme as previ
ously announced.
A member of the citizens' committee
of Monterey now in this city states
that the programme of sports will be
■ ■ «ting of anything of this
kind ever attempted in that section of
xhf country, and that excursionists
will have a rare treat in witnessing the
various features of expert horseman
ship and the wonderful feats performed
by th** Japanese abalone divers.
As heretofore announced, excursion
tickets are b"ing sold at the very low
rate of ?2, and would-be excursionists
Hr<> urged to purchase their tickets at
it the <Jrand Hotel ticket office
«nd thus avoid the annoyance of stand
ing in line at the depot.
Th-«e trains will start promptly from
the Third and Townsend street depot
: m.. stopping at Valencia street.
and will Ik- under the personal super
vision of Mr. William H. Menton, Ex
cursion Passenger Ag^nt of the South
ern Pacific Company, who will do
»-Y-rything possible to make this ex
cursion one of the greatest successes
of the season.
ELKS STILL AT WAR.
San Francisco and Grand Lodges Join
Issues in the Litigation.
By the filing of an answer yesterday
issues were Joined in the suit of "Golden
Gate Lodge No. 6 of the Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks of the T'nlted
States of America" against the Grand
Lodge and San Francisco Lodge No. 3 of
the same named order. In this action the
plaintiff seeks to recover Its charter, de
rlared forfeited by the Grand Lodge in
1*96 which was transferred to San Fran
ripc'o Lodge together with the parapher
nalia of the plantiff organization.
The story of the fight between the
plaintiff and defendants is well known.
Plaintiff claims its charter was declared
forfeited Illegally. In the answer, how
ever, thl? is denied, it being set forth
that sufficient cause existed for the action
of the Grand Lodge. The defendants aso
claim that the plaintiff is not legally in
corporated and hence has no right to sue.
Therefore the defendants ask for Judg
ment together with costs of action.
Actor Watson's I>eath.
Miss Mac Jrwin, Mrs. Grant Israel and
Mr*. A E. Mclntyre appeared before a
rornner's jury yesterday morning and told
what they knew of the death of Actor
Wat=on "who killed himself with lau
danum In his room at 623 OTarrell street.
They discovered that he had not been out
of his room for two days and they had
the door forced open and notified the Cor
oner They knew nothing about the act
or's trouble with his wife. The jury re
turned ••. verdict of suicide.
Died of His Injury.
Pete' McKay of 46 Bruce place died at
the Miy and County Hospital last Thurs
,'av rf injuries received in a fall whae
he was engaged in boxing with a .friend.
He had broken his le- and being .0 years
old .lid not survive the shock. The body
was taken to the Morsrue-
SPIRITUALISTS
OF THE STATE IN
ANNUAL MEETING
Standing of Mediums
Defined.
LACK OFFUNDSHINDERS WORK
PRESIDENT QUITS TRYING TO
PLEASE EVERYBODY.
One of the Greatest Problems Con
fronting the Association Is How
to Prevent Members Slan
dering Each Other.
The fourth annual convention of the
California State Spiritualists' Association
opened at Odd Fellows' Hall ye-sterday
morning and will continue until to-mor
row night. Delegations representing the
different, spiritualist organizations were
present. The convention was called to
order by President M. S. Norton. .
'ihe first business was t^ establish the
standing of mediums holding valid rer
tincat?s of ordination, Indorsement or pro
tection Issued by the association. The re
sult of a brief debate was the adoption of
an amendment to the constitution giving
the medium* the same voice in the con
vention as the regularly elected dele
sates.
From the tone of the reports of the offi
cers and the trend of the debate it is
evident that spiritualism has had a hard
row to hoe during the past year. Funds
have not flown into the coffers of the in
stitution at an alarming rate, and medi
ums who have gone out into the highways
and byways to do missionary work have
not found the undertaking profitable. Ac
cording to the report of President Norton
tne organization was confronted at the
beginning 01 am term by a wen organized .
attempt 10 wreck it, tan happily We plans
oi tr.e conspirators were trustrated. ut
the many proDiems with which me con
vention wouia nave to deal he suggested
that the most momentous would be "now
to Disunguisn arm Extinguish Faise Ale- .
diums, " tiow to Get tne Uenuine Article '
froperly Kespected." "How to <Jet 'i'rans
poriation Companies to Carry Spiritualists
and Mediums at Half Price," and finally
"Mow to Keep the Mediums rom &ian
dering Each other." The president said
that ne had tried to piease everybody,
but gave up the task as a hopeless one.
He said that the cost of harmony, liKe
the price ol admission to heaven, some
times came too high.
Secretary T. G. .Newman reported that
the receipts of the association tor the year
amounted to the sum of $135 50. He ha.d
paid $50 to the treasurer and would give
him the balance as soon as he put in an
appearance. The treasurer failed to show
up and the reading of his report went over
until to-day's session.
About thirteen years ago Mrs. Unice
Sleeper deeded to the association in trust
a tract of land at Fremont and Harrison
streets. The purpose of the trust was to
dispose of the property and devote the
proceeds to the purchase of a site for and
the construction of a temple for the spir
itualists of the coast. There has been so
much delay In carrying out Mrs. Sleeper's
wishes that the property has depreciated
in value fully one-half. A committee was
appointed to look Into the condition of the
trust and suggest plans for executing its
provisions. It reported that the funds
available amounted to $17,000, and recom
mended that a spiritualists' temple be
erected at San Jose without delay. The
report will receive consideration at to
day's session.
President Norton, who had added to his
duties as executive officer those of State j
organizer, made some pointed remarks on |
the impossibility of organizing the forces !
and keeping: them organized without re- !
ceiving substantial remuneration for the !
work. He had attempted a little organ- j
izing', but on all sides he was confronted
•with a spirit that was entirely wrong.
It was not his kind of a spirit. Supersti
tion and self-interest. fie s"Hid, were some
of the obstacles that he ran up against.
When he sought converts to the spiritual
istic faith the first thing they would ask
him was "What is there in it?" .-
Brief addresses on spiritualism were
made by Nelson Carr and Mr. and Mrs.
Aldrlch/of Santa Rosa, Mrs, H. M. Hop
per, a medium from Fresno; H. Smith, an
Illinois volunteer; Mrs. Jenklnson, a Han
ford medium; Professor W. C. Bowman of
Oregon: Elizabeth Lowe Watson of San.
Jose- Mrs. Ella Williams of Salem, Or.,
and William N. Vinter, State lecturer of
the A. O. U. W.
The officers of thp State Association are: M.
B. Norton, president; W. D. J. Hamhly, vice
president; T. <i. Newman, secretary, 15. F.
Small, treasurer; director*— Mr*, K. I. John
son HolllPter; Mrs. H. K. RoWnwm, San Fran
cisco; Mrs. M. E. Coleman, Oakland; C H. !
Wadswort-h, San Francisco, Mrs. J. M. Kel- i
lenberger. AlajneiJa.
The committees appointed for the present
a nvention are as follows:
Reports Of officers— \V. T. Jones, Mrs. Hll
debrandt. Richard Young.
utions— Elizabeth Lowe Watpon, Mrs.
Henrietta Robineon. Dr. H. M. Hak<>r.
Wayi and Mean*— W. T> J. Hambly. George j
I Drew. Mrs. B. F. Small.
Sleeper trust— William Vlnter, William !
Rider, Rev. W. C. Bowman.
Following Is a list of the delegates to the
convention:
Society of Progressive Spiritualists— William
M. Rider. G. H. Hawes, Mrs. Bernardine Hll
debrandt.
Mediums' Protective Association— Richard j
Young. George I. Drew. W. T. Jones, Mr*.
B°lle J Morse. Alternates— Mrs. J. St. <^!alr- I
i fcveUnd. C. F. Waltham. Mrs. E. C. Griffin, j
Mrs J F. Roberta.
Oakland Psychical Society— George H. True. |
Mrs E C Moore, Mrs. E. C. Campbell, lira, j
H F. Mltchener, Mrs. J. M. Sabin.
First Spiritual Union, San Jose— Willtam Vln- ;
ter I>r H M. Barker, Mrs. W. D. J. Hambly, ]
Mri> H. I>. Bigflow. Dr. R. B. Tripp. H. H.
Nichols Mrs. M. A. Archer. Alternate*-!?.
Henjamln. J. Murray, F. C Wlssman, William j
McMeekin. Mrs. K. C Gage, MJss D. Win-
Society of Spiritualists, HolliMT— J. M. Bui- I
ton. Alternates— Mrs. U. J. G*>a.ry, Mrs. L. 7m. J
First Spiritual T'nion. San Franclnco— Mrs.
A. E. F. Wadsworth.
Children's Progressive Lyceum— Mrs. AJlce
VnHy Circle, Santa Cruz— Mrs. S. E. Wal
lace.
First Spiritual Ladies' Aid society, San
Francisco— Mrs. B. F. PmaJl. Mrs. Mlnnln
Clark Mm W. E Nevill, Mrs. Sadi» CooJte,
Mr*. Sarah M. Kelly. Mrs. D. N. Place, Mrs.
LUlte Janney. ,-, ; :
First Society of Progressive Mediums—
Maxwell Colby. Carl Eberhardt.
Union Spiritual Society. Oakland— Mr«. J. L.
Palinbaum. Dr. Sol Pallnbaura, Dr." A. L.
Astor, Mrs. H. Smith, H. Smith.
Delegates at large— Mrs. Addle L. Ballon,
Mrs Sadie Eberhardt, Harry Hargrave, Miss
Meda Hoskins. Mrs. R. Shepard Ltllle, Mrs.
Teresa Martin. Mrs. C. R. McMeekin. Flor
ence Montague, Mrs. Jennie Robinson, Mrs. G.
TV Rhriner, Mrs. Ella M. Steward. Mrs. Carrie
Wermouth Dr. G. W. Carpenter, Mrs. Kate C.
Lester. Mrs. Dr. Dobson Barker. Mrs. K. A. B.
Moreen. Mrs. Elizabeth Lowe Watson. Mrs.
Maud Chesbro. Mrs. S. Cowell, Mrs. Esther
Dye Mrs. Mena Francis, Mrs. H. A. Griffin.
\ViP. Haworth, Mrs. Kate Hosklns. Mrs. Re
becca I. Johnson. O. A. Kraus, Mrs. Frances
A. Logan. Mrs. Clara .1. Meyer. Mrs. Dr. F. .1.
Miller. Thomas G. Newman. Mrs. D. N. Place.
Mrs. Hendee-Rogers. Mrs. Sarah Seal. R. A.
Ptltt Mrs. Dr. Alice Tobias. Mm». E. Young.
Mrs. L. S. Drew. E. H. Hubbard, Mrs. Ella
York, Mrs. Carrie Downer Stone, Mm. Cora
Dobsen Rlngllp. Rev. "W. C. Bowman, Dr. H.
C. Johnson. Dr. G. K. Chesbro.
In the evening: the delegates were ten
dered a reception by the Mediums' Pro
tective Association. Mrs. Jennie Robin
son, chairman of the committee of ar
rangements, presided. The following pro
gramme was rendered:
Opening choral. '"Let the Hills and the Vales
Resound." Convention Choral Club: address of
wercnme. President W. T. Jones: response,
State President M. S. Norton; violin solo. Pro
fessor Richard Younr: tenor solo, Hugh Cal
lender; reading from Mark Twain. Miss Marion
Trade: vocal variations on "The Carnival of
Venice," Mm«. Bert Godair Adams, accom
panied by Mm*, Coursen Roeekel; recitation.
Melville Meyer: bass solo. "Watch on the
Ironclad," Professor Carl Sawvell; chorus,
"Star-Spangled Banner," Convention Choral
' Following the literary and musical pro
gramme there wan a social dance, and during
the intermissions a banquet was served. The
affair was in charge of the following commit
te Recept!on— Mrs. Sarah Seal. Mr». E. C Grif
fin Mrs. Sadie Eberhardt, Mrs. L. S. Drew,
>ln H A. Griffin. '■-' ■■:.'■
Programme— Mrs. Jennie Robinson, Mrs. H.
A Griffin. Miss Meda Hoskins. 'V,;,
Floor— George I. Drew, W. T. Jonea. Miss
M Banq"et -Dr.' and Mrs. O. A. Kraus.
* Banquet— Dr. and Mrs. O. A. Kraus.
E. L. Wadham Resigns.
At a meetUig of the Eureka Society ye«-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2 y 1899.
terday, called to demand the resignation
of E. L. Wadham as special officer, Mr.
Wadham finally resigned as officer while
retaining his position as director. He
gave as a reason of his resignation that
h-^ was overworked, while the directors,
with the exception of one, merely stated
that they wanted the office filled by an
other man.
ROBBED HIS BROTHER.
Abe Livingstone, an Ex-Convict,
Booked on a Charge of Burglary.
Abe Livingstone, an ex-convict, was
brought from Oakland yesterday by De
tective Ryan and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of burglary. He. is
a' i used of having entered the store of
H. B. White. 516 Mission street, on the
nieht of August 24 «nd stealing a quan
tity of brass faucets, brass oil cups and
other articles of the value of $200, which
Ryan recovered from junk- stores where
they had been sold.
Livingstone was released from San
Quentin on August is after serving a year
for burglary in Butte County. Prior to
that he had served a term of three years
for grand larceny in Stockton. He was
not satisfied with robbing other people,
but Wednesday night broke into his
brother's house in Oakland and stole a
watch. The brother notified the police
and they found Abe in a saloon close to
tb^ house. They suspected him, and on
h'-lng sparrh^il the watch was found in
his pockets. The brother refused to pros
ecute him. the police here were notified
and Ryan brought him across the bay.
WANTED FOR MURDER.
Fong Chuck, the supposed desperate
Chines- who shot and killed a fellow
countryman on Clay street, near Stock-
Three Prominent Members of the Convention.
• night of November 23 last, is
locked up In the City Prison. He was ar
rested In San Jose by chief of Police
Kidwood and brought "here last night by
Detective Gibson. The police claim they
have sufficient evidence to show that the
prisoner committed the murder.
About three years ago Chuck was ar
rested in San ,J"se for shooting a re
spectable Chinese merchant, but was ac
quitted of the crime by a jury in the
Superior Court.
Town Talk.
few weeKiies nave maup such »wui
strides into public favor as has Town
Talk during- its few short years of exist
ence. During the past two months Its
?ales have been steadily Increasing. The
-eason of Town Talk's popularity is real
ly seen: it is up-to-date, newsy and orig
rial. You find no "hash" in Town Talk.
Phis week's issue contains on the title
;>age a fine half-tone of Mabel Craft, and
he Saunterer has something to say about
women's work in journalism. The latest
society news, with comments on the Mar
tin-Goad and Doe-Stetson reported en
gagements, news of a California artist
abroad, our boys at Manila, and late club
and political gossip, are given. Two stori
ettes from real life bear out the reputa
tion Town Talk has Rained for publishing
only clever and original tales. Worlds of
law, letters, music and the drama and
bright jokelets and poems make up an in
teresting number. •
SUICIDE AND MISTAKE
CUT SHORT TWO LIVES
» G. G. Pohl Dies by Gas
» and Annie McMahon
» Takes Acid.
k
BUSINESS cares, reverses and
despair drove George G. Pohl, a
dealer in bags and salt at 51
Sacramento street, to a suicidal
death some time during the early
hours yesterday morning. He was 57
years of age. a native of Germany,
and resided at 1603 Webster street.
The manner of his taking-off shows
the determination of Pohl to make
sure of a successful termination of
his work. During the night he left
his bed while his wife was asleep.
She did not know he was away from
her side until she awoke in the morn
ing shortly before 6 o'clock. Every
room in the house was searched, for
Pohl was not accustomed to rise at
such an early hour. To her surprise
she found the kitchen door locked and
an odor of gas escaping from the
room, into which an entrance was
barred.
When the door was forced open
Pohl was found flat on his stomach,
his head hanging over a bucket into
which a rubber tube attached to the
gas jet was pouring its deadly poison.
SILVER BULLION
ARRIVES ON THE
PANAMA BOAT
Mexican Dollars Go to
China.
SKELETONS ON SANTA ROSA
BERKELEY BOYS DISCOVER AN
INDIAN ■ CEMETERY.
Portland Sails for Cape Norne — Move
ments of the Warships — A Cruise
in Santa Barbara Chan
nel Arranged.
The Mail Company"? steamer Acapulco
arrived from Panama and wayporta yes
terday. Shr brought up an unusually
heavy cargo, nearly all of which came
from New York. There was about $100.
--000 worth of silver in the Acapulco's specie
tank and the hulk of it came from the
Candelaria mine. The Acapuleo brought
up fourteen cabin, seven steerage and
thirteen Chinese passengers in transit.
The latter will leave for China to-day <>n
the Doric.
The steamer Sequoia, which brought
thirty-one Japanese from CUpperton [sl
land, will put twenty-six of the little
brown men aboard the Doric to-day. The
other hv>' were entitled to land here ami
were permitted to do so by the Immigra
tion Commissioner. The Doric will take
away over 1300,000 in treasure, nearly all
in Mexican dollars.
The steamer Santa Rosa had a queer
consignment on her manifest yesterday
when . she reached port. It was twelve
cases of skeletons for the Berkeley U*ni
verslty. The students have been prospect
ing among old Indian mounds in Lower
California during their vacation, and the
skeletons are the result of their • re
searches. V
The British ship Cardigan Castle ar
rived at Sydney. N. S. \\\. last Tuesday.
She left here on April 2* last with sup
plies and material for the Government
wharf at Pago Pago. She discharged her
cargo and then went to Sydney in ballast.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Portland sailed for Unalaska, St.
Pohl had detached the rubber tube #
from a gas stove, fastened It to the I
jet and had then lain down to end his 0
life. The windows were all securely |
sealed and all doors locked. In order 0
that there should be no accident in |
his design he arranged the novel but A
efficacious bucket scheme. The body |
was removed to the Morgue, where A
the inquest was held yesterday morn- |
ing. f
Mrs. Pohl said that at no time had T
her husband threatened to end his life. j |
He brooded over business misfortunes,
and had declared that unless his luck **
changed for the better he would be
obliged to go to another land to fight m
out the battle of life. y
Annie McMahon, aged 28, the wife L
of William McMahon and mother of y
three small children ranging from V& X
to four years, swallowed an ounce and •
a half of the strongest carbolic acid '
Thursday night, and despite the la- O
bors of Dr. Roberts to save her life
died early yesterday morning. The *'
McMahons live at 12 Elizabeth street,
off Guerrero. It was rumored among •
the neighbors that Mrs. McMahon I
committed suicide, but this is denied %
by the husband, who is a brother of |
the well-known contractor, James Me- %
Mahon. |
"I wm mating my supper in the 0
kitchen," said the husband yesterday,
"when Annie came into the dining
room for her medicine. She has been
ailing of late, and has been taking a
tonic to build her up. On a sraaU
bracket shelf in the corner of the room
there were two bottles, ono of carbolic
acid and the other the tonic. It was
about 7 o'clock, and it was dark in the
dining-room. My wife was In good
spirits, laughing and dancing about
with the children, just before she
came into the room.
"The first thing I knew Annie rushed
into the kitchen, took a mustard box
down off the shelf and began mixing
it with water in a glass. Her face wa.s
all white around the mouth, but I
thought it was flour. Often she
played with the children and put flour
on her face or blackened up just to
amuse them. She drank the mustard
and water and told me to mix her
some more and bring It to her in her
room. T did. and then discovered what
she had done. As fast as I could I
got Dr. Roberts, but it was no use
He worked on her six hours without
any success."
Michael. Cape Nome and Golovln Bay
yesterday. She did not take away many
passengers, but had all the cargo aboard
she could carry. There was a number or
horses and cattle among her cargo.
Henry Martin, a sailor boarding-house
keeper at 502 Washington street, was
taken to the Harbor Hospital yesterday
by Officer Shaw In a dying condition. Mar
tin is in consumption, and yesterday after
noon had a coughing fit on the front
which ended in the bursting of a blood
vessel. Drs. Dorr and Rice did every
thing possible for the sick man. and a
priest administered the last rites of the
church.
The cruiser Boston is to go out of com
mission in a week or so, Rnd IS7 of her
timp-expired crew will be discharged next
week. The cruiser Marblehead will prob
ably reach here to-day or to-morrow. She
was in Aoapuloo when the Newark sailed.
The lowa will remain here another month
and then she and the squadron will go to
the Santa Barbara channel for target
practice and a series of maneuvers.
Thf Belgian King arrived from San
Diego yesterday and was docked at Mis
sion street. She will be fitted out at once
to carry troops and supplies to Manila.
The George W. Elder is expected to-day
from Portland and the Victoria to-mor
row from Seattle. Both of them will be
used as transports. The Warren with
troops and thp Leelanaw with horses will
probably gel away to-day.
The Grani w>-nt to Hunters Point dry
dock yesterday and thf> Columbia took her
place'at Folsom street wharf. All of th»»
dozen transports now in port are being «;r»r
r^adj as rapidly as possible and will sail
for Manila within the nf>xt three weeks.
Captains Bollps and Bulger yesterday
exonerated Captain Eagles of the trans
port Centennial from all blame for the
vessel striking a coral reef in the Philip
pines. The reef was not on the chart., and
the chart had been made from Spanish
surveys of fifty years ago.
The Hyderabad's Apprentices
when the British ship Hyderabad was in
port Captain Scott had some trouble with
three of his apprentice boys. They ieft
the ship and the captain reported them as
deserters and refused to pay bills which
they contracted in the city. The Hyder
abad is now on her way to Antwerp, but
the boys managed to get a letter ashore
denying Captain s<ott's statements. They
a'lmit that they di st-rt'-d the ship, hut
did so because the captain would not give
tht-rn proper clothing in which to make
the voyage around the Horn. The hills
!!;.-.• contracted were all with the cap
tain's sanction, and the ship was liable for
them. The boys were R. T. Halnstock.
M. Watklns and A. J. Lewis. When the
Hyderabad reaches England there will be
an investigation and the apprentices will
tell their side of the story. The friends
nf the hoys in San Francisco say they
were not to blame, and the whole trouble
arose over f'aptain Scott's refusal to sup
ply them with oilskins for the voyage
around the Horn.
MINING ENGINEERS WILL
MEET IN SAN FRANCISCO
Th»> fall session of the American Insti
tute of Mining Engineers, which will con
vene in this city at the Palace Hotel on
September 25, has already created a great
deal of interest among the mining men ol
California, and the indications are that
the gathering, which will last three days,
will result in much good to the industry '
on this coast. One hundred and seventy- :
eight members of the institute from all I
over the country have already signified I
their intention of being present, and prep
arations to receive them are now under '
way. Two committees have been appoint
| ed by the State Miners" Association to
I take charge of this important matter, as
follows:
Reception committee— The Governor,
i James D. Phtlan. Irving M. Scott, D. M.
' Burns. A. J. Ralston. \V. \Y. Montague,
R. S. Moore, James Spiers Jr., S. J. Hen
dy, T. B. Lacy, Tyler Henshaw. H. T.
! Lally. S. BCooney, Colonel George H. Wal
i lis, Andrew Carrigan. John ML Wright, Jo
i seph Sloss. John F. Davis of Jackson. Ed
j ward Coleman, W. A. Doble. James S.
• Brownell, George Johnson, John Berming
i ham, Julian Sonntag and P. George Gow.
Executive committee— W. • C. Ralston
(chairman). Professor S. B. Christy, Cur
tis H. Lindley, Charles G. Yale, W. S. ,
Keyes, Edward H. Benjamin, J. F. Hal
! loran, Captain Thomas Mem. Judge E. A. \
! Belcher, A. A. "Watkins, Harold T. Power
of Michigan Bluff. \V. B. Bourne and A. \
! D. Foote of Gruss Valley. Frederick Zeit- j
ler and B. S. Rector of Nevada City, \V.
F. Delert and J. F. Parks of Jackson, W.
P.' Hammon of Oroville, F. F. Thomas of
Calaveras, D. R. Oliver. Thomas Hender I
Fre«l Wirnans and Captain McClintock of j
' Sonora, P. A. Buell of Stockton, Charles
' C Derby of New Almaden, H. E. Piekett
! of Placervtlle. M. E. Dittman of Redding,
I John Ross of Sutter Creek, Lew E. Aubury
of Los Angeles, Mark B. Kerr, Frank A.
Leach. Fred Bradley and J. J. Crawford. |
These two committees will meet in joint
session Monday night, but the following
S programme has already been mapped out:
1 At the conclusion of the institute's session
j the visitors will be taken on a tour of the
' State The itinerary will embrace most
of the leading centers of the mining in
dustry, among them the following: The
■> smelters at Keswick, the copper regions I
! of Sha-sta County, the quicksilver mines
lat New Almaden, the Selby Smelting
' Works Colfax, Nevada City, Grass Val
ley Dutch Flat, Auburn. Oroville, Sutter
; Creek Jackson the mother lode region i
1 from Sutter Creek to Valley Springs. So- ,
' nora. Jamestown, etc. Trinity, Shasta
and Siskiyou counties will entertain the
' party an afternon and evening at Red
ding. J. F. Kidder, president of the Neva
da County Narrow Gauge Railroad, has
invited the party to be his guests on the
road from Colfax to Grass Valley, and a
' visit will be made to Gold Run Gravel
Limited by invitation of J. E. Doolittle.
■ The visitors will be taken south to visit
•the oil regions at Coalinga and Fresno.
i the sugar beet fields about Oxnard and
the asphaltum quarry near San Luis
Obispo. . , .
Among the more prominent members of
I the institute who are expected to be pres-
e nt are- James Douglas of New York,
i owner of the Copper Queen mine in Ari
i zona president of the institute; Rossiter
W Raymond of New York, secretary; W.
B ' Devereaux of New York and R. P.
Rothwell, publisher of the Mining and
Engineering Journal.
Crusade Against Dairymen.
The milk inspectors have commenced a
crusade on dairymen who violate the
health ordinance. Yesterday morning
Deputy Inspectors Sullivan, Murray and
Hoilingsworth arrested Peter Polasson.
dairyman at Fulton and Bodine avenues.
South San Francisco, for haying a can of
swill among his cans of milk, and Louis
Kassen. Silver avenue, and B. Mozzetti.
San Bruno road, for having cans of water
among the milk cans. They were re
leased on giving cash ball.
_■ ♦ ■
If you want to see the richest line and
largest of "millinery" see Keith's opening
Friday and Saturday, 808 Market street. •
CASEY NOW
ANXIOUS FOR
HIS FREEDOM
Applies for Another
Writ.
POLICE COMMISSIONERS MEET
SATISFIED THAT CHIEF LEES IS
ON THE SQUARE.
Howard Is Located and His Arrest
Is Expected at Any Time.
"Examiner" Charges
Refuted.
From evident obtained in the last fpw
days the police are convinced that Casey
was one of the men who robbed Wells. \
\ Fargo & Co.'s wagon of $2500. They j
claim that they have positive evidence i
showing that Casey was assisted by Kel- i
ly and Murphy, who are Australian
crooks, and who were with him and as
sisted him In getting away with the plun
der.
According to the detectives Murphy is j
the man who spoke to the driver, thus j
temporarily distracting his attention from
the sacks of coin in his wagon.
Casey and Kelly then stepped up and
got away with the money. It is claimed 1
that they afterward met in a saloon on
Post street, where they divided the plun- |
der. When shown the picture of Murphy
the driver of the wagon positively Iden
tified him as the man wh>> spoke 1° him
just before he discovered that the sacks
of coin which were intrusted to his care j
wi re gone.
Chief Lees is sanguine of apprehending
Hnwird, the king of swindlers. It is
known that he has located him and hour- ;
ly expects the welcome news of his ar- \
rest.
Last night the Police Commissioners
held a short meeting and after transact- i
i ing their regular business the subject <>f |
! Howard's transactions was informally I
j discussed. Reporters were not admitted ,
|to the meeting, but it is uthoritatively ;
said that Chief Lees announced that thf
noted swindler had been located and that :
he expected that he would be arrested in
i a short time.
"He cannot escape us." the Chief re
marked. "We have reliable news of his
whereabouts and are confident of get
ting him."
Judge Tobin. the president of the board,
assured the ("hi«f that he had the great
est confidence in him and knew that he j
was doing all in his power to land the ,
Australian swindler. His sentiments were '
voiced by Commissioner Alvord, after j
which the meeting adjourned.
"Jackie" Casey of many aliases ap- ;
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday for i
his preliminary examination on the
charge of "grand larceny by trick and i
device" for getting away with a suit of j
clothes and an overcoat from Felix Bloch,
tailor. He was Instructed and arraigned ;
and Prosecuting Attorney Joachims* n
I asked for a continuance of two days as j
I the people were unable to get two im- I
j portant witnesses.
Attorney George D. Collins, who repre- |
sented Casey, objected and demanded an
immediate hearing. If the prosecution
wanted a continuance, he said, a written |
! affidavit should be filed giving the rea- |
; sons. The Judge ruled that the point was
well taken, and the prosecuting attorney j
' was given time to prepare the affidavit, i
which was sworn to by Detective T. B. ;
Gibson The reasons given were that the
prosecution had been unable to subpena
the landlord of the house on Bush street j
i where Casey lived at the time of ordering
the clothes from Bloch and the messenger ;
boy whom Casey sent for the clothes, pre
tending that Casey was sick and unable |
■! to call for the garments. The Judge.:
after the affidavit had been filed, granted '
i a continuance till next Tuesday.
Collins in the afternoon applied to Judge
Murasky for a writ of habeas corpus (<>r
I Casey's release on the ground that he
: was being deprived of his liberty unnec
: essarily through Judge Mogan granting
a longer continuance than two days, as
I prescribed in the code. Collins contends
: that in a preliminary examination a legal |
j holiday does not count and the case !
I should be continued till to-day only. The 1
writ was made returnable Tuesday after- |
noon at 2 o'clock.
"MAMMY" PLEASANT
ROASTS THE ASSIGNEE
I The action instituted by aged "Mammy"
| Pleasant against Lucius L. Solomons, in
which George R. Eaton, assignee of !
"Mammy's" estate, has been substituted I
I a? plaintiff, was on. Judge Hunt's calender \
yesterday. In this action the old colored
i woman, who h«« gained much unenviable '
j notoriety in the courts, is seeking to re- :
I cover property on Sutter street which she )
! alleges was illegally secured from her by
Solomons, aided by various people.
When the case was called R. Porter
Ashe. who represented "Mammy," said I
that in view of the assignment of her
estate to Eaton for the benefit of cred
ors he wished to withdraw from the case j
in favor of Black & Learning, who repre- I
sent Eaton. This opened the way for j
"Mammy" to express he,r sentiments <m
the case at bar, which she did as follows:
"Youh 'onor, I widdraw, sah. from dis
case to<j. Dat man Eaton he ain't no
good. Dat man nevah. sah should be ,
"lowed in a coat ob justice. He's no good
to 'sociate wid. and. Jedge. I jis keep
'way from him. Dis case is noting surely
but'one o' dem dere fishin' 'scursions, and
I don't want no fishin' 'scursion 'round
me. I nebber will jest know how dat man
Eaton got into dis. nohow. He can't be
trusted 'tall, and I'll just widdraw outen
dis case too."
"Mammy." when she referred to the
case as being a "fishing excursion. "evi
dently forgot that she instituted the ac
tion "and her comment caused consider- '
able' merriment. Z. T. Blakeman was |
present to represent Mrs. Bell, who has |
come into the ease as an intervenor.
Tauszky & Wise appeared for Solomons.
After the withdrawal of Ashe had been
noted an adjournment was taken.
TWO BIG ESTATES.
Wills of John Morton and Mrs. Jane
Lamb Dunn Filed.
The will nf John Morton, well known in
shipping: and draying circles, who died a
few days ago, leaving property valued at
$100,000. was filed for probate yesterday.
The estate includes improved real estate
at Taylor and Ellis streets. 5<X» shares of
1 the capital stock of the Morton Draying
I and Warehouse Company and consider-
I able other personal property.
By the terms of the will, which was
executed January 10. 1599. decedent be
queaths his sons. William R. and Henry
D Morton, one-third of the estate each,
the remaining third being devised in equal
shares to his grandchildren. Florence L.
Jones and John J. Scott. W. U. Morton
is named as executor of the will.
Mrs Jane Lamb Dunn, who died August
23 leaving an estate estimated at $150,000
' in' value, bequeaths all her property to
i her husband, James Dunn. the. testatrix
stating that she makes no provision fur
her children, as she has full confidence
that her husband will care for them.
Homeward Trip of Admiral Dewey.
W. If. Stevenson, who has become such
a favorite with San Francisco audiences,
will srive an illustrated lecture at the
Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium, Mason and Ellis streets, this even
ing at 8 o'clock. His lecture will treat of
the homeward trip of Admiral Dewey
from the time he left the Philippines.
Many views of points on the journey will
be thrown on the canvas. This is the
fourth in the series of popular Saturday
nights and is open to the public. Cards
of admission may be had at the associa
tion building.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
SLATE-MAKERS
FOR CONVENTION
Rawest Programme
Ever Devised.
COUNCIL OF SEVEN CONFER
METHOD OF NOMINATING CAN-
DIDATES FOR SUPERVISORS.
Boss McNab and Mayor Phelan Will
Hand Delegates a. Ticket They
Will Be Expected to
Indorse.
The spvpn m<": ; I by Jasper &fo«
Donalri to pit X ■ iper
visor r.n the Democrats ticket mci ■ --
terday \o organize. At the primary
tion on August S manj thousands "i •
• ■rs voted for delegates to the Democratic
local convention supposing thai the dele
gates chosen would nominate a municipal
ticket, bul sinc< • ■ relop
-111. in of programme methods has practi
cally taken the nominating work out <f
tli- hands of th< < onvem i - . 1 1 and ■■ •
it in ;t select i ommil I •
in not the slight* si doubi thai Mayor Phe
lan and Gavin McNab named th< commit
tf seven, ;•!!•! neither is there any
doubt that the committee will iniloi>e
names suggested bj Phelan and ftfcNa
Delegates t" t'-.e Democratic nominating
convention should not become discm-- -
by reason of this usurpation ol power ■ y
the bosses, but they may reflect that
programme is about the r; ■• ■ -• • er sub
mitted to .mi independent bodj of Ameri
can citizens. Buckley, in the arrogai
his greatest power, never dared t''
i ■ the will ol delegates In the manner
thai it has been disregarded by thi
resentatives of the Committee of One
Hundred. When it Is considered that this
committee emanated fr"ni the Democratic
State Central Committee, and did not de
rive its right to govern th< party from
the voters residing In the city, the usur-
p ation would seem Intolerable to any per
son other than a boss-ridden Democrat.
WliPii th.- propositioi ■ v. is marte the
: night the convention organized at Native
Sons' Hall thai a large committee should
be appointed several speakers Indorsed
the suggestion. t>ut the programme resolu
tion, typewritten and placed in the hands
of a delegate to be Introduced, was meek
ly accepted. Before thi- convention ad
journed that night more than a
egates went to Chairman McDonald and
requested recognition bj ■ ' ri n
: the cmmitt- c of seven to recommc rid can
didates for Supervisor. The names were
' not announced then and there, ac such
I an announcement would have caused sus
. picion of prearrangement.
Gavin McNab ought to be abio to select
i a good lot of candidates. He knows the
| men who were secretly in sympathy with
I the Rainey-Examimr combine. which
I sought to get control of the convention,
i and he can be trusted to exclude every
one of that ilk from the list of nan.
ibe canvassed. Of all men in the city
I Mayor Phelan should be the last to hay«
: a voice in the selection of candidates for
i the board. Or.cc he was given free rein
! to pick out a hoard of twelve men, and it
is a matter of public and judicial record
that he recruited the worst gang that was
I ever mustered into the municipal service.
The Mayor is g 1 at a high jinks, a
church fair, a banquet or a picnic, hut
I when it comes to a question of judgment
regarding the fitness of nv-n for th° public
I service his ignorance is lamentable. There
■ is no guarantee to the convention that he
; would do better In selecting eighteen can
' didates for the board than he did in the
i previous selection of a dozen.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
John Vance of Warmcastle, Sisklyou
County, blacksmith and lumberman.
$6479 50. No assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fy rjKiJUiA'ffiJii
Oil Shares
FOR
S-i
X I
I FULLY PAID UP. j
Price Advances Next Week,
PROSPECTUS FREE.
. BIGPANOCHEOILGO., !
g ADAMS BUILDING, i;
I 206 KEARNY STREET, I
M San Francisco, Cal. 3
MUNYON'S INHALER
J™|| CATARRH
\'3jfiL Colds » Coughs,
jltl fcj^^^^» t Hay Fever, Bron-
J|psSiyi||kchitis, Asthma
-Jft j \§fp| and a " Diseases
RVof the Throat and
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are Inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and vaporizing all the Inflamed
•nd diseased parts which cannot be reached by
medicine taken into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heals the raw
places — It noes to the sent of disease— lt acts at
a balm and tonic to the whole system— at
druggists or sent by mail. 1505 Arch St., Philn-
4visir OR- JORDAN'S great^
'MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
\ QT The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
Q World. Weaknesses cr Any comractrd m
* flßs 906 dseavc p«-^iti»rly cured ny the oldest T
0 16 SI bpeciaiiscr a the Coast Est. 30 yea:*. %
i ' tzEll OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
■ dkftSR&H ( o.i«ult»rion frre and strictly private \
J X#s» S "'"" ""'•'"' personally rr by l-tter. A A
1 J flr «H i"M.fiv« Cure in every case undertaken. T
■if HA Write for Book. pniLOSOPnVcf i
I i lI W HAItRIACE. main FREE. f.Vf
Jk w 11' valuable book for mm) . \
7 OR JORDAN **■«>.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
HOTEL SANTA CRUZ,
SANTA CRUZ. CAL,. -
First-class Family and Commercial Hotel.
This hotel is located on th* corner of Locust
and Vine streets, one block from the Court-
house. Rates, $1 to J2 per day. Special rates
to families. CHARLES HENDERSON,
304 Montgomery st.
ft IPr n nil I I Corner Fourth and
PALL Uf IV A I Market - s - *". Try
1 II rr Kill ill our s P ecial Brew
Will L. 1 1 U I H L steam and Lager -
Will U IIUIIIU.sc. Overcoat* and
.Valises checked free.
56
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 2. 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _____
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Mana g^__
PLBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IB CENTS TER WEEK.
Sink.-].' Copies. 5 cent*.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
PAII.T CALL (inclu.ilmc Sunday Call), one year «*»►.<>(>
DAILY .M. (including Sunday Call). 6 months...- S.OO
•DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
11AILY CALIABy Single Month <»•"»«
SUNDAY CALL Orfe Year 1""»°
WKEKLY CALL One Year l iH>
All jwtinnsters are authorized to recelv.' subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE.. 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;'
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria tel; A. Hrentano. 31 Union Square; I
Murray Hill Hotel. __ ;
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
d. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open until
£30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- j
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market
ttreet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096 I
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock 106 Eleventh
itreet. open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Th.^ New Di. minion."
\ ille.
nda."
■ a-house — "Paul J^nes."
s. Z-io and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
:
rner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Swimming Races, etc.
t. n Park -Baseball to-day.
Mcl • ■- H' n. John S. Crosby.
• md performance to-morrow
Fall and Philippine Ex-
tto J nW. Blade. Sunday
i ■ r 3.
lay, '• ml or .".
THE GRAND JURY AND ITS WORK
IJROM the final report submitted by the Grand
Jury the public obtains hardly more than a
commentary upon facts with which it was al
ly fairly familiar. With some of the comment
there wil irse be disagreement, but the dis
nl will be waived as a matter of little con
sequence, because the Grand Jury has taken no ac
tion to enforce its views.
Xaturaliy enough the report begins with a prelude
in the way of explanation and excuse. Reasons are
n why the public should not expect too much,
and tlic reasons are valid, for, as the report -
while extraordinary powers are conferred upon a
Grand Jury it is hampered by considerations
overlooked "A Grand Jury must proceed in accord
ance with law. It may not indict on general pnn
cipli . but i- sworn to judicially weigh the evidence
offen d or obtainable in any given case and to rind an
indictment only when in its judgment the testimony
»ult in conviction. It may feel fully as-
Mir - have been committed, but if it
cannot obtain proof that would stand the test of a
i ; hi" law it h;.^ no right to indict, however gi
may b< the popular clamor. An instance of this is
found in the undoubted culpability of 9ome of the
members of the last Board of Education. The jury
jitions were sold and that the city
was defrauded in many ways, but its best efforts
' to adduce any evidence whatever, and it could
consequently find no indictment. There is little
doubt that some of the present Board of Supervisors
been improperly influenced in the discharge of
their official duty, but here, too, no proof could bt
a • ined. In most instances of bribery and corrup
■ no witnesses save the and the
r, both of whom would deny the transaction. To
• books hoping to j. r ;nn proof is wholly use
le->. as such expenditures, if recorded at all, are care
fully covered."
While that statement will be accepted as an exon
n of the Grand Jury, it will have the effect of
new the discussion concerning the efficacy of
grand juries and the general administration of law
in the municipality. When the actions of the late
B iard of Education were under consideration there
v '•■ brought to light am! published in The Call fr.cN
which so clearly revealed fraud in lumber and other
contracts that to the lay mind it appeared the easiest
thing in the world to obtain evidence sufficient to
justify the indictment and the prosecution of the ac
cwd parties, h seems, however, the law officer- of
the city and county thought otherwise, and the Grand
Jury was unable to accomplish anything in that di
rection About the only benefit resulting from the
mv« ' ' vas the awakening of a popular indigna
tion which at the following election brought about
the defeat of the old gang on the Board of Educa
tion and the choice of a better set of men for that
I whole the re;,ort of the Grand Jury may be
summed up a- a random criticism upon county af
fairs without particular relevancy to any i-sue of the
'^ ( are tpld tin Grand Jury thinks some of the
members of the former Hoard of Education were
ible, that some of the present Board of Super
visors have been improperly influenced in the dis
charge of their duties, that prize-fights are debasing
exhibitions and should not be permitted, that there
is something very peculiar about the law which ren
ders exempt from indictment for felony a school of
ficial who accepts a bribe for granting positions in
the schools, and finally we are informed: "The mem
bers of the present jury have shown a readiness to
indict any one who was found to be indictable. Their
actioia lias almost without exception been unanimous.
They have been more than willing — they have been
anxious -to bring to the bar any offender. Too
much i- expected pf a Grand Jury; too little confi
dence is placed in it. If properly aided it can do
much; if left to do all it can do little."
The only conclusion to be drawn from it all is that
i- something radically wrong with our laws for
the prosecution and punishment of corrupt officials.
As the matter stands the most energetic Grand Jury
that can be drawn could accomplish little or nothing.
Thus attention has been directed anew to a great
evil, and for that, at any rate, the Grand Jury de
serves thanks.
REED'S SIDE OF IT.
WHILE it is no doubt true that there is to be
a change in the rules of the House of Repre
sentatives, the change is by no means a re
. turn to the old system, which put the House at the
mercy of one man on the floor and left the majority
and the Speaker helpless. An incautious boast of
| Roger Q. Mills at the beginning of the long session
| in December. 1889, caused the revolution effected by
' Speaker Reed. Mr. Mills declared that the minority
; would use the rules of the House to prevent any
tariff legislation by the Republican majority. This
cpuld be done by the system of alternating motions
and by refusing to answer a rollcall when "No
quorum" was raised. The Republican majority was
so small that to keej> a quorum in place was difficult
if the strong minority broke it by "constructive ab
sence." that is, by refusing to answer when called.
Reed's move was bold and required the nerve and
coolness of a leader of men. The rules had to be
changed in order to defeat the plan of Mr. Mills, but
their change was impossible unless the Republican
majority of ,1 quorum could be made effective. When
the changed rules were before the House, with r t
majority of Republicans present but not a majority
of the whole House, Reed ordered a count of the
members present, not by a rollcall but by tally of
members. He then put the question and the rules
were changed by the vote of the Republican major
ity of a quorum, the minority refusing to vote.
Reed's act was purely arbitrary, but without it the
old way would have continued, and by filibustering
with the alternating motions and constructive ab
sence of silent members who were physically present
the actual majority of the House would have re
mained powerless. In a preceding session, on the
question of the erection of Oklahoma into a Terri
tory. General Weaver of lowa held the House for
days by filibustering, and declared that as under the
rules one man could run the House he proposed to
be that one man. Nothing in our parliamentary his
tory had equaled the rage and bitterness with which
Reed was attacked by the minority. He was threat
ened, derided, denounced and criticized even by mem
bers of his own party, many of whom doubted the
propriety of his action. But he went serenely
through it all. and was not ruffled even when Buck
Kilgore kicked down one of the doors of the cham
ber to escape arrest by the sergeant-at-arms.
When he made any reply to the abuse which raged
around him it was by humor, satire or epigram.
The case went to the country in the Congressional
elections of iS<)O and the Republicans were swept out
of the House, The Democrats elected a majority so
large that the Republican and Populist members
could aii absent themselves and the Democrats had a
majority so largely in excess of a quorum that the
absentees were not missed. Mr. Crisp was elected
Speaker, and then followed the humiliating spectacle
of that large party majority bring so inattentive to
its duty that, to transact the public business at all,
the Speaker was compelled to resort to a modification
of Reed's rules in order to get legislation. The very
members who when candidates had to the people de
nounced Reed with matchless bitterness, by their in
attention to their duty proved the necessity for the
change he made in procedure. When he returned to
the Speakership his rules were elaborated. The
House authorized him to appoint a Committee on
Rules, which practically took charge of the business
of the House. It arranged the order in which bills
should come up, the time given to their discussion,
the share allotted to the majority and minority, and
the hour at which a vote should be taken. There
after when Reed was attacked for the action of this
committee he turned upon his tormentors by remind
ing them that it was the action of tho majority of the
House which ordered the constitution of the com
mittee. While this was true, the charge remained
that the majority had abdicated its function of self
control by authorizing the Speaker to appoint the
committee.
As understood the proposed change by the next
House will involve the appointment of this commit
tee by the House itself, taking from the Speaker the
power to do so. All the other features of the change
proposed are minor in their importance. The Speaker
i to recognize the member who rises first. It is
expected that this will increase the freedom of the
House. But in a body composed of 357 members
and not given to quiet and calmness this amounts to
but little. It was the system long in use before
Reed's time, but "catching the Speaker's eye" was
often very difficult. Upon this the late Ned Mar
shall of California reflected when he was a member
in 185 1. Linn Boyd was Speaker. Marshall's ca
pacity for social enjoyment had so abridged his de
votion to official duty that his term nearcd its end
without a record made on the floor. After trying
every day of the closing fortnight of the short ses
sion to get recognition he turned one day to the
House and said, "I have been in Washington two
year* and have caught everything but the Speaker's
eye." In that he is likely to have many fellow
victims.
The significance of the proposed change is that it
adheres to the purpose Reed had in effecting the
original revolution by leaving the control of legisla
tion in the keeping of th" majority, by giving it the
election of a committee with the same powers as his
Committee on Rules. It is not understood that the
change will reopen the door to filibustering by re
storing the alternating or dilatory motions.
Philadelphia is selfis-h. In fitting out a cargo of
supplies for the relief of Porto Rico care was taken
to fill the ship so full that not so much as a bag of
Leans from another city could be put aboard. That
kind of selfishness, however, is not a kind to be
ashamed of, and the Phillies know it, for they are
bragging of it.
The Democrats" of Ohio have nominated John R.
McLean for Governor by half a vote. The fortunate
nominee will probably look long and vainly for the
other half that would mean an election.
THE WHANGDOODLE ROARETH.
HJ ASTERN Dem6crat3 are conducting their
opposition to Bryan with the qniet, persistent
energy that marks a people of business in
stincts and who trust to organization rather than to
tni>. Southern Democrats of the conservative type
carry on their contest against him with the gravity
of constitutional lawyers arguing much and trusting
to their powers of moral suasion to turn their people
into right paths; but in the roaring region of the
vast Valley of the Mississippi, where the people are
too vehement to argue like Southerners and too out
spoken to plot like Easterners, the fight upon Bryan
is made in a loud, prolonged clamor for another man,
and the noise of it is as the tumult that prevails in
the land where the whangdoodle roareth.
The St. Paul <ilol>e utters its siren shriek in this
wi<;e: "Sailing over the sea from the Far East is the
colossal living figure of American history, a man
with a hand of iron, a heart of exquisite tenderness
and a sense of honor which has led him through
more than threescore years along the path of eternal
THE SAX FRAISi CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
right. The Democratic party has but to make this
man the magnet of the campaign upon a platform of
living principles, the central planks' of which shall be
death to the trusts and autonomy for the Philippines,
Cuba and Porto Rico. Upon this platform can
stand the most popular man of the Western Hemis
phere, the idol of the greatest nation on earth, George
Dewey, hero of Manila Bay and admiral of the
American navy."
It is known of course to the Globe as to the rest
of Americans that Dewey is not a Democrat, that he
is not a candidate for the Presidency, that he has
announced that he would not accept a nomination for
the office; but to the Globe all that does not matter.
The one thing it seeks at this time is to turn Demo
cratic attention away from Bryan. If once the wild
steers can be stampeded from the corral of the free
silver man it will be comparatively easy to herd them
into some other corral later on. The thing now is
to start the break. It is for that reason Tammany
plots, the South argues and the wild call for Dewey
comes from the uproarious West. In the meantime
it will be noted Bryan is in no way disturbed. He
meets the plots of the East by counterplots with
silver mine owners, he refutes the arguments of the
conservative South with arguments much more
plausible to the masses, and, as for the Western
clamor, it jars him not at all, for he is to the manner
born, native to the noises, being the greatest whang
doodle of the district.
It is the opinion of the Boston Globe that in the
trial and conviction of General Fitz John Porter
during the war we had a Dreyfus case ourselves —
one in which a gross injustice was done an innocent
man for the purpose of providing a scapegoat for
other generals; and it therefore suggests we
shouldn't be too free in throwing stones at France,
all of which is unkind, because the stone-throwing
doesn't hurt France in the least and amuses us a
great deal.
WHEN Chase was Secretary of the Treasury
women were first employed as Government
clerks in that department. This was their
first appearance in the public service. Opinions as to
the utility of the innovation differed, but even before
the civil service law passed they had appeared in all
of the departments in Washington. As their ap
pointment was then a matter of free choice with the
appointing officers, that they continued to be called
to positions was taken as evidence of their efficiency
and usefulness. In the currency department of the
treasury they were found especially expert. Required
to handle and count old bills in the division of re
demption and new ones in the division of reissue,
they wore found to be more rapid, reliable and cor
rect workers than men. As stenographers and type
writers they seemed to fill confidential positions very
well. They were less diverted by outside matters
than men. and were less liable to the errors of dis
sipation, gambling and other peccadilloes which lead
finally to breaches of public trust. Thousands of
them are now in the civil service, and multiplied
thousands arc dependent on them for support.
It is reported, however, that appointing officers
have ceased to call for them as vacancies or new
places have to be filled, and those in the service find
advancement no longer possible, while those on the
eligible list, qualified by their examination, are ex
cluded by a call for men whenever those lists are re
sorted to. It seems that the civil service law per
mits this discrimination and this permission is gen
erally taken advantage of.
Inasmuch as the entry of women upon service in
the Federal offices preceded their general employment
in private service, in mercantile lines and profes
sional offices, this spontaneous movement toward
official exclusion may mean a general revulsion
against the employment of women in service outside
the public offices. The movement for their admis
sion to both kinds of employment was not concerted.
h had no preceding cult. It had no pressure of ne
cessity, unless eligible men were made scarce by the
Civil War. Is it possible that in the same way,
spontaneously and without concert, the reaction has
bet in, and that its progress will largely exclude
women from occupations and employments that are
now open to them? As it has progressed in the Gov
ernment departments nothing has been said about it
until now its headway has attracted attention.
The only reason so far given is that women are
more inclined to routine and do not turn their hands
from one activity to another as readily as men, ani
that they are averse to overwork and complain
more than men when it is required of them.
But it is strange that these objections have just
now developed after a trial of a third of a century,
during which they have been in the service in such
numbers as to have seriously impeded public business
by the manifestation of either trait.
Probably, if the truth were known, the military
service of many men in the late war has disconnected
them from their former gainful vocations and they
are compelled to resort to the civil service of the
Government lor a living. If this turn out to be the
case another reason is supplied why women should
oppose war instead of being the first to urge it on.
No satisfactory reason has ever been given why
women at the first sign of a chance for a war go wild
in favor of bringing it on. The class of young ladies
in New York who joined in the nagging of President
McKinley, just before the Spanish war, by sending
him the inelegant telegram. "To hell with diplomacy,"
furnished an illustration of this tendency of the
female taste toward battle and bloodshed.
As the matter is becoming serious, it deserves an
intelligent inquiry into this policy of exclusion of
women from public employment, for which they have
proven themselves legally qualified. To prevent it an
amendment to the civil service law may be necessary
which will forbid any discrimination by an appoint
ing officer.
If the movement be one of artifice and design, this
will check it. If. however, its cause be natural, some
thing inherent in the nature of things, such an amend
ment will probably increase the trouble, since noth
ing is easier than to drive women out of employment
by an offensive course which cannot be charged with
either vulgarity or indecency.
Some of the French generals who have made
themselves ridiculous at the court-martial of Drey
fus insist that they have the right to defend them
selves. They probably do not recognize the differ
ence between a right and the ability to exercise it.
The Sultan of Turkey is not noted as a wit, but he
caused a smile recently by teliing a party of British
dignitaries he likes the Swiss better than any other
people in Europe, because they attend to their own
business and send no Embassadors to his court.
To judge from the clamors in our Eastern ex
changes over the rise in the meat market, the price
has been put up so high the mercury can't reach it.
The long-felt want of the campaign against the
Filipinos is to be filled at last. General Otis is to
start a newspaper.
WOMEN IN CIVIL SERVICE.
HOUSE BUILT ENTIRELY BY WOMEN.
(New York Exchange.)
THREE Chicago women are building
a house.
It isn't a shammy, summer cot
tage either, but a brick house and
stone foundation.
The women— Mrs. Franz Liebegut and
her two daughters, Marie, and
"Gustie;" 16— are doing every bit of the
work, from digging: and cementing the
cellar to making mortar and laying the
bricks of the walls.
It is such a departure from the way
that Chicago women usually win notor
iety that the whole northwest part of the
City :s talking about the house that
women are building.
It has now become such an object of
curiosity that the Elston-avenue street- ;
cars stop at Humboldt boulevard to let
the passengers get off and watch the !
women at their wnrk. •
They are always at it from dawn till j
sunset, mixing the mortar themselves, j
cleaning the brick, tossing it up. carrying >
buckets of mortar, laying brick, sawing j
timber, doing {he whole thing with afc !
much unconcern as though building a '
MEMBER OF CASTRO FAMILY
RESENTS UNTRUTHS IN EXAMINER
Sensational Article Printed in That Journal on Sunday Last Character
ized as "Vulgar, Impertinent and Untruthful."
Editor The Call, San Francisco: Will you kindly allow me to contradict,
through the columns of your paper, the vulgar, impertinent and untruthful
"history inserted by Carroll Carrington in last Sunday's Examiner?
On the first page of that paper appeared, embellished with lurid pictures of
the Police Gazette stamp, a so-called history of the < 'astro family. In the sensa
tional sketch we, the Aranos. are represented as a poverty-stricken remnant of
the oner- powerful family, forced to earn our bread by coarse manual labor.
To us<- the writer's own elegant phraseology, he "sloshes around" in a mess
of garbled tacts and absolute untruths in a manner that seems to belong
specially to the penny-a-liner. As to stating the real facts, we do not consider
that the public are sufficiently interested in the pri%-ate affairs of our family to
follow a detailed account of the daily routine of our quiet life. One item in
particular proves that the highly imaginative Mr. Carrington has visions and
dreams dreams— his graphic account of "the high-born dames" over Ihe wash
tub, while extremely picturesque, happens to be absolutely untrue. That most
respectable task la performed by one of the sturdy and faithful servants who
have been with us for years.
In conclusion let me beg the very sympathetic Mr. Carrington not to waste
any more of. his maudlin sympathy or unique ability in the historical line on
the Aranos, who are amply able to take care of themselves. If some of his
misdirected energy should be turned to the cultivation of common sense and
a decent regard for the private rights of others, it would prove a blessing to
himself— and to the persecuted public. Very truly yours, AMELIA ARANO.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
R. Robertson, the proprietor of Gilroy
Hot Springs, is staying at the Lick.
Daniel Brown Jr., the Fresno banker,
is among the recent arrivals at the Lick.
Harvey Lloyd, a wealthy land owner
and fruit raiser of Riverside, is a guest
at the Palace.
O. Y. Woodward, a rancher and capi
talist of Statin Island, is at the Grand
accompanied by his wife.
i . I). Wright, one of the leading and
most Influential yf San Jose's attorneys,
is registered at the Lick.
Harris A. Walters of "Washington, D.
('., is a guest at the Palace, where he
arrived yesterday morning.
Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Lemore have come
down to the city from Mare Island and
are staying at the 'Occidental.
J. M. Williams, a prominent mining
man of Plymouth, is one of those who
arrived at the Grand yesterday.
M. A. and E. A. Luce have come up
from Los Angeles and are registered at
the Occidental for a short stay in the
city.
Among the late, arrivals who have reg
istered at the Palace arc Mr. and Mrs. W.
A. Dickey of Baltimore. They are out
on the coast on pleasure bent and are
accompanied by their family.
Ernest Seymer, assistant superintend
ent of telegraph of the Southern Pacific,
is entertaining at his home, 91Z Bush
street, Mr. Ellis, a prominent young at
torney and influential politician of New
Orleans. Mr. Ellis is here for health and
recreation and will probably remain for
some time.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. I.— William J. Din
gee and wife and Miss M. E. Ro.«e of San
Francisco are nt the Fifth Avenue; George
L. Fish and wife and Miss Smith of San
Francisco are at the Hoffman; Irving
Crowell and wife of Los Angeles are at
the Imperial.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SILK RIBBON- H. C, City. There is
no silk ribbon factory in San Francisco.
WIDE TIRE LAW— U. S. G. C, City.
The wide tire law of California goes into
effect on the Ist of January, 1900.
EXPLOSIVE-H. C, City. There are
liquids which, if they come in contact,
will cause an explosion. as for instance
sulphuric acid and nitro-glycerine.
THE FIRST REGIMENT— R. E. P.,
City. No statistics have yet been pub
lished showing the nativity of the men
who enlisted in the California volunteers,
First Regiment.
A TEN-DOLLAR PIECE-Suhscrlher,
Sutter Creek, Cal. A ten-dollar piece
without the mint mark coined in 1840 was
issued out of the parent mint at Phila
delphia. It does not command a pre
mium from dealers. The selling price la
from $7 50 to $S 50.
MILES AND SHAFTER-A. F. 8., Oak
land. Cal. General Miles Is the senior ma
jor general of the United States army
and by reason of this is in command, but
is not the commander in chief, for that
office belongs to the President of the
United States. He is not In line with the
house weren't any more for women to do
than washing clothes or baking brftad.
They have already completed the first
story and are putting In the window
frariv?s for the second. It will be more
solidly built than many of the Chicago
houses, for tho reason that the walls are
three brick deep and no laths at all are
used. If they are going it slowly, they
are doing it surely.
It takes German women to do heavy
polirl work, but even German girls with
tho spunk and musole to build their own
house are not found every day.
APTOS, Cal., Aug. 30, 1899.
Secretary of War. His title is major gen
eral. United States army. General Shaf
ter is a major general.
FLAGS— C. E. P., Vacaville, Cal. A
flag on a 40-foot pole should not be wider
than one-fourth of the length of the pole.
Its length may vary from fifteen to tv,>-n
--ty feet, that being regulated by the width.
REGISTERING— A. p., city. A man
does not lose his residence In California
by reason of the fact that he is employed
in the army or navy of the United States,
but lie cannot vote In the place whfch he
claims as his residence unless he regis
tered.
TRANSVAAL— H. V., City. The list of
diplomatic officers in the United States
does not show that there is a representa
tive for the Transvaal. A letter addressed
to Stephanus J. Paul Kruger. Pretoria,
will reach the President of the Transvaal
republic
WEIGHTS OF A CLOCK-H. C. M..
Bodega, Cal. In a clock that is run by
weights the machinery is adjusted to
move in accordance with the weight fixed
and the pendulum moves fast or slow ac
cording to the manner by which the regu
lator is set. It is the regulator that ac
celerates or decreases the strokes of a
pendulum and not the weights.
GRAND JURY-W., City. Your question
relative to the power of a Grand Jury
to reconsider its action in relation to the
finding of an indictment before the same
has been presented to the court Is one
that ought to be submitted to the District
Attorney, who is the legal adviser -of the
Grand Jury. This department does not
undertake to decide questions of law.
INSUFFICIENT POSTAGE— W., City.
If a letter is placed in an envelope with
out sufficient postage and deposited in
the mail the general rule is to notify the
party addressed that there is a letter at
the Postoffice held for lack of sufficient
postage and the party addressed can ob
tain ihe same on payment of the postage
due. A "postage due" stamp • indicating
ihe amount te affixed on the letter. In
cases of well-known business firms the
letter is delivered with a postage due
stamp affixed and that is charged up to
the account of the firm. Tn the case of
such a letter being addressed to a well
known householder it is placed in the
hands of the carrier, who collects the
iim'iunt due. If a carrier deposited such
a letter in the householder"* box without
collecting he would be held responsible
fur the amount.
FREAKS OF THE LAW.
Attorney General's Opinion as to Em
ployment of Teachers.
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Thomas J. Kirk has been puzzling his
brains over a question that has been
asked of him. The query was, "Can a
Wife be .legally employed as a school
teacher by a board of which her husband
is a member?" Not arriving at a satis
factory conclusion he submitted the in
quiry to Attorney General Fold. The lat
ter in an opinion quoted the code which
states that "No school trustee or mem
ber of any. Board of Education must be
interested in any contract made by the
board or which he is a member. Any con
tract made in violation of this provision
is void. He contends that the engaging
of a teacher's services is a contract and
further calls attention to the rulings of
the Supreme Court to the effect that the
earnings of a wife while she is living
with her husband are community prop
erty, and the husband has the manage
ment and control of all community prop
erty. Hence the employment of a teacher
lying with her. husband, who is a trustee
is illegal. In case the husband and wife
are separated though not divorced, U is
different, for 4!nder the law the earnings
SfhS'S SSroi™ Under her °™ and "°
. Superintendent Kirk evidently antici
pated some such opinion as this., for he
"Wm,l,??hp he m luestlon1 uestlon and that was*
\vould the employment of a daughter as
a teacher by a board of which her father
is a member be legal?" Mr Ford con
tends that it would. ' Before a daughter
could- be employed .she would have to be
of the legal age of IS. years - and'consp!
«>„ she would have adsolute control
S»«n?M i'i Pl and her father could
have no interest in her earnings and her
employment would be lawful "
KING'S DAUGHTERS
IN QUAINT DRESS
"CHARACTER CONCERT" NETS A
SNUG FUND.
History, Ancient Verse and Modern
Song Unite in Contributing to
the Original and Successful
Entertainment.
The King's Daughters of the ralifnrnia
street Methodist Episcopal Church, at the
corner of California and Broderick streets,
gave a delightful "character concert" in
the lecture room of the church laM even-
Ing that entertains! charmingly a large
assemblage and added materially to the
Daughters' fund. Mrs. L. O. Hodgkins
pnanaged the affair, and contrived to make
it instructive aa well as amusiner. Each
"character" was introduced by thp lady,
who in a few apt remarks covered the
history of either the period, the event or
the character the performer represented.
All the participants wore appropriate
costumes, and made a very pretty ensem
ble picture in their characteristic dress
and make-up. Some of the "characters"
told their tale in verse, lmt the- majority
had an appropriate and explanatory song.
Th> j programme, in full was as follows:
"Mis. Columbia from the United
States," Mr«. E. Baumgarten: "Tho
Dairy Maid," Miss Edith Attbowe:
"Aunt Dinah." Miss Hattie Burke: "A
Maid fn.m th< Mikado Realm," Miss
Gertrude Atthowe; "Smiling Morn
from the E.ist," Miss Janet McLean;
•'The Flower Girl." Miss Nellie 1-ear.
"Old Mother Goose," Mis? Amanda
Goodrhch; "An ttonest Miner from the
Klondike." Robert Overton: "Aunt Ta
bltha's Niece," Miss Annie Lear; "Suey
Sing, a Celestial Maiden." Miss Alice
Schultz: "('nmiii!; Thro 1 the Rye." Miss
Charlotte Weir; "Sailor Lad." Reg
inald At'howv; "Bright Alfaretta."
Miss Berth. i Kckman: "Old King
Cole," Martin Nulir»'nb»-rg: "Polly Per
kins." Miss Ida McMullen; "Old Black
Joe, Harry Burke: "Cousfn Jedediah,"
Mrs. J. H. Nertbon; "Herr Smoker,"
Monroe Orr; "The Blacksmith." Noel
Marrack; "Admiral Dewey." Charles
Bates; "Wandering Minstrel." J. \V.
Wet more; "Gypsy Countess." Miss Sa
«!!<■ Burke; "little 80-peep." Miss Ber
tha Flagg- Miss Meta Wolters acted
' as accompanist.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
No Thrashing Machines.
"I think it would be a good plan to
send Willie up into the country for a
month," suggested Willies father.
"He's never been on a farm and it
would be rather a novel experience for
him."
"No, you don't," interrupted Willie,
"I've heard all about the country, and
I'm not going anywhere where they
have thrashing machines. It's bad
enough when it's done by hand." — Chi
cago Post.
His Financial Resources.
George (of the vanishing goods de
partment)— Well, what do you say,
Bella?
Bella (of the handkerchief depart
ment) — I like you well enough, Cieorg*.
but how can you afford to marry on
J6 a week?
George* My six and your four rhake
ten. I reckon I can afford to. marry on
$10 a week if I want to. Bella?
True to His Text.
Mrs. Fi.jjit— What is the noise In the
next mom?
The Housemaid— Oh. it's the parson re
henrsing his sermon for to-morrow.
Mrs. Fijjit— Oh. I see; practicing whnr
he preaches.— Tit-Bits
"Hello. Smith: suppose a man marries
his first wife's step-sister's aunt, what
relation is he to her?"
"First— wife— urn— step-aunt— er— let me
see; T don't know."
Bright Fellow— He's her husband.—Ex
change.
She— What did pa say?
He— l asked his consent to our marriage
by telephone, and he replied: "I don't
know who you arc, but it's all right."—
Exchange.
Townsend's California glace fruits 50c lb.
In artistic fire-otched bOXee or Japanese
baskets. 627 Murker st.. Palace Hotel bldg.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses nnd public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Annie Apple against Samuel Apple for
failure .to provide; Julie Pullen agains-.
Edward JPullen for cruelty, and Sera
phine M Day against Frank' W. Day for
failure to prov de.
Persons aTfllcted with dyspepsia, diarrhoea or
colic will find Immediate relief and sure euro
Jn Dr. Slesert's Angostura Bitters.
As a dressing ana • color restorer, Pabkcb'S
Hair Balsam never falls to satisfy.
• HixuKftcofeifs, the best cure tot corn* 15 at*
'-'■' \ ■■'"■ ;-';•-'■ m*~ *+r •• -■-MISCELLANEOUS.
* T- n Years' Written Wvranty.
t -NO NAME"
j Sewing
| Machine
+ Guaranteed to be a
♦ regular $40 machine.
t YOU DON'T PAY FOR THE NAME!
■*■
If you want to know how
+ much the manufacturers
■♦ agents charge for the MA-
CHINE and how much for
the NAME call at cur store
and we teli you all about it.
| PATTDSIEN'S
t 2-Acre Furniture Store,
I MISSION AND 16th STS.
♦I
PACIFIC PARLOR'S GUESTS
Members Who Served in the War En
tertained at a Banquet.
T>ast Thursday night Pacific Parlor No.
10, Native Sons of the Goldi n West, ten
dered a banquet at the St. Germain to
those of its members who served in the
■war with Spain and the subsequent one
•with the Filipinos. The .
were T. W. Sparrow..-, commanding Com
pany G. First rs; J.
K. Manning, sergeant Battery A, Ta*i
f >rnia Heavy Artillery; «'haries B. Hen
n, second ml Company C,
I United States Cavalry (Rough
rs); L. D. Hargis, corporal Eighth
California Volunteers, ar.'i L. B. Kings-
Seventh California Volunte<
After a sumptuous menu had been dis
posed of T. P. Martin, presiding, ofl
a numhtf of toasts and called for re
sponses. These were: "^Welcome," r< -
led to by George B. Stang
:.»nt of the parlor; "The Re< •
of Our Heroes," I>. A. Ryan; "On the
Firing LJn< n Sparrowe; "Ii
Service," Sergeant Manning; "Our Blag,"
W. EL Langdon; "Our Stat»." J. K. H iw
kins: "The Army ami Navy." Charles J.
Heggerty; "The Ladles." j"hn T. Grea
"The Home Guard," S. V. Costello.
Between assemblage was en
with patri lons by an
3 tl
: ard, A. J. Williams. M. Hibbard and
J. EL I >'-smor.d . an Instrumental solo by
P.«n Dixon and comic sayings by W. J.
Hynes. The affair was under the direc
f T. P. Martin. Paul Schoenwald.
T. Cannon. Joseph p'Gara
3.. onard Stone, assisted by President
. ■ nberger.
One More.
The last excursion of the year to El
Campo will be piven to-morrnw bj
-nia Northwestern Railway Com-
The commodious steamer Tkiah i
will make several trips. It is probable a!
r.iw.: will attend i!.- 1 rl-sinp; day.
that many
where a railroad
train must be taken. The band will be in
'.i furnish music for
who wish to dance. All the equlp
nts I ■ tin amusement of the children
• and the bouts and bowl
illey will be at the disposal of the
public.
Discussed the Philippines.
The closing meeting oi the inung Men s
Christian a d literary and debat
ing: society for the summer session was
Ight in the lecture room of the
• building. The subject <>f the
• was "'Resolved, that the United
B ould Retain the Philippine?."
The affirmative was uphejd by Sfessrs.
midt and the negative by
Messrs. Harsberp;er and Hansen. The
s derided that the affirmative had
slightly the better of the argument.
YELLOW FEVER BREAKS
OUT AT KEY WEST
Four Cases Reported and the Garrison
Ordered Removed to Other
Quarters.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 1. — General
Frank, commanding the Department of
the Gulf, has telegraphed the War De
partment that four cases of yellow fever
have appeared at Key West; and he asked
Instructions. In reply General Miles sent
telegraphic instructions directing the re
moval of the garrison at Key West to
such point as General Frank may deem
best, out suggesting Fort McPherson, on
account of the ample quarters at that
poet. The garrison at Key West is com
posed of Batteries B and N, First Artil
lery.
The acting assistant surgeon at Key
West has also reported to General Stern
berg that four cases of yellow fever have
appeared' in the town. There are no cases
rirnongr the troops.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
RBLTTV).
Lr PC/;C>«" Manufacturerof Beltlnijand
f. I CUi, 1, Lcce Leather. 105-107 Mi :
s!on St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE FAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.
342 to 350 Geary Street, above Powell.
PERIODICALS. ROOKS AND STATIONERY,
COAL. COKK AND PIO IRON.
j. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I»C DIVF-C V C(\ Shipping Butchers. KM
JA> !>JILS (I VU.. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
JW I fiPsi All '* ** m it, upit»ir». Litest
. 11. LUl3lnl/» ityl;s, lowest prices, -emodeling.
IR IN FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Medley. Props.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
U/U 1 AMPTTP PULP AND PAPER CO..
WILLAITIII It 722.M0nt Stn»v.
PRINTIN3.
E. C- HUGfeiES, mi I'ItINTER. «.
jfc. C- nll'.iklLO. Ml Sansome St.
ihfc mcKs-JUDfI co.. btnderH. 23 First st.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. .
Te,>^ph.c pARTRIDGE%,aL-
WHIT£ ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK PIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Beat Coal In the Market.
Office and Yards— lso Main street.
Tfews of the 2/o/unteerct at jfcome and at the J*ront
CALIFORNIANS
CRITICIZE THE
NEW PROMOTIONS
Duboce's Selections
Not Popular.
SAID TO BE DUE TO A PULL
COLONEL SMITH WARMLY DE
FENDED BY HIS MEN.
They Declare Him to Be a True
Soldier and Say He Has Been
Slandered by His
Enemies.
As has been the case with every volun
teer regiment that has thus far returned
from the Philippines, the First Califor
nia boys have a few kicks coming. There
is hardly a man or oihcer in the entire
organization, fr.mi the battalion com
: manders down, who is not indignant at
' the Injustice that they claim has been
to Gem ral Jin; Smith in the reports
that have been circulated here concern
ing his popularity in the regiment he
: once commanded. They say that at all
! times and under all circumstances he did
his duty and that if there ever was any
| feeling against him it was when the boys
w< ■ I 'ng time in j:a'Tisi>n and had to
gr^>wl against some one. Naturally they
. .I,'ainst Smith, as all troops are
wont to growl against a commander once
in a while. These little ebullitions
they say, n.Lve been so magni
fied at home as t" have resulted in con
slderable undeserved criticism
mander whom they all respect and than
whom no braver ever led - iiattle.
regiment is almost unanimous in re
gretting his .-■ From it. and the
men say they have many a time wished
be was once mere over them.
There have, been many petty individual
ferences engendered during the last
fifteen months, but these ihe men and
officers alike refuse to discuss for publi
cation. They say that now the war is
over, as far as they are concerned, and
the regiment is home once more, oid
sores should be allowed to heal or at
si bandaged by esprit de corps; they
ild be bidden from the sight of the
public.
There are a few things, however, that
they are willing to talk about, not
the sake of causing scandal, but in order
that the people may not misconstrue
things and reiuse to fcive honor where
honor Is due. These matters are mostly
connected with the recent promi
which seem to have given as much uni
versal dissatisfaction as anything could
;■( ssibly • ngender.
It Is not the promotions from the ranks
, against which this criticism is l<
j Tne verdict seems to be that they are
I about right. Hut it is the promotions
among the commissioned officers that
have set the ball of discord rolling. £o
genera] is this kick that there s-.-ems to
.: fficer who has escaped the
universal •'knocking" which is now going
on. This Isolated case is the one of Cap
, tain Curzons, the regimental adjutant,
who bas Just en promoted from the
position of first lieutenant. The ni
ne is a good officer who deserved his ad
vancement for bis courage aa weil as for
his other soldierly qualities. They say
rliat inasmuch a> £;in>- was by far the
best volunteer officer In the Philippines,
and as his merit was recognized by the
regular officers there to such an extent
that they paid him th> compliment of
making: him the senior major of a re«u
--( lar cavalry regiment, and that the date
' of his commission makes him the senior
oi Colonel Dul ild that gentle
man accept the commission procured for
him. tno Stat>- "f I alifornia should at
• least have shown him an e<iual courtesy
by making him the lieutenant colonel of
the regiment he did so much to distin
guish, even though the title should have
been merely an honorary one. his presi at
position not permitting of his acceptance
of the acti\ - office.
Next to Sim^ the choice of the regiment
seems to favor Captain O'Neill, command
ing Company M. O'NeiU*a claims a,re
; based on the record for gallantry he has
; made which, in the opinion of the regi
'■ ment. is strong enough to more than
I the claims of seniority which
possessed. O'Neill was recommend
ed for th>- rank of major, but learning
that his acceptance would place in com
• ts company a man whose ••
under tire would mak'- him ridiculous In
on, but who, notwithstand
ing Eaci that his reputation was
known throughout the <n!ir< regiment,
had been recommended for promotion on
the ground of seniority, O'Neill refused
the advancement ;m<l decided to remain
inmand of Company M as a plain
■ am.
A thing which has angered Company
L is the fact that though every other
first sergeant in the regiment received the
. . der Btraps, their senior enlisted man,
Frank Grundman, was overlooked like a
white chip and Bergeani Major liadt was
• nd lieutenant when Adler
• : his promotion. The m«n say
they have no kick coming against Badt,
as he is a good man and a good soldier,
but they say Grundman is equally ex
cellent as a man and a soldier and as
as they make them. Therefore they
argue he should not have been over
looked, particularly as there are more
i <than enough vacancies to go around, as
■ is evinced by some of the companies get
i ting two promotions from th.' ranks. If
I Duboce. they Bay, was so technical about
; his recommendations for seniority alone,
1 he couid not in fairness have overlooked
Grundman, who has a good record to
back his seniority of non-cummissjon.
These are only a few of the kicks in
tr..- matter of promotions; there are many
others. A sergeant summed the whole
! situation up when be Bald: "Record cuts
! no figure. While some promotions are de
s.-r\>-d, there is not one based on merit
alone. It's a case of pure simple pull,
and the fellow having the strongest drag
i pets there. Tin- men of the regiment are
all right, and so are many of the officers,
; but until pollti' a and favoritism are elim
i inatcd from it. it will never show what it
is really capable of. Jim Smith was the
■ man who knew how things should be
I done."
Colonel Duboce. when seen regarding
' the complaints, said that he could not dis
i cuss the matter further than to say tne
i men he re.comm>-nd'-d for promotion were
; entitled to recognition on account of the
' seniority of their rank and because there
was nothing officially against them.
I whatever their reputations might be
i throughout the command.
The enlisted men and many of the offi
cers laugh at this. They say that while
i many who received promotions deserved
j them, yet there were others who have
| got honors to which they are not en
titied, and that when the regular army
! men, who know something about senior
ity and other red tape affairs, selected a
j man on whom to confer distinction, they
! chose Sime, who had neither seniority or
! pull to back him up, but whose only roc
ommondation to favor was his gallant
; record as a soldier.
VOLUNTEERS INVITED
TO VISIT THE CHUTES
The citizens' executive committee met
in Mayor Phelan's private office yester
day, with M. 11. de Young in the chair. I
I An invitation from the Chutes manage- I
! ment to entertain the Idaho, Wyoming;
! and Dakota volunteers next Tuesday I
night was accepted, and A. M. Lawrence !
was appointed a committee of one to make
all necessary arrangements.
A letter of thanks was received from
Major Frank Rice of the Heavy Artillery
for the seats at the Columbia Theater last
i Wednesday night which were pn-sented
to the members of his command.
All discharged soldiers of the California
regiment and the Heavy Artillery are ex
tended a cordial invitation to be present
at the Native Sons' and Daughters' ban
quet, to be given this evening at the ferry »
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
nave. If they will call at headquarters .n
the California Hotel to-day they will re
ceive tickets admitting them to" the ban
quet.
The great difficulty that the employment
committee is contending with is that many
employers desire to give" employment im
mediately to the volunteers, while the lat
ter will not be mustered out for two or
three weeks. Rabbi Voorsanger has pre
pared a circular embodying a request for
assistance from employers, and 3000 have
j already been mailed. The responses, how
; ever, have not been as prompt as the com
mittee could wish.
Places were obtained for several dis
charged volunteers, but there are many
more who will be in urgent need of work
I after they have been released from army
j service.
A reception will be tendered this evening
at 3WS Mission street to the Mission mem
, hers of the California regiment who re
! turned on the Sherman. A musical and
i literary programme has been arranged,
, which will be followed by a banquet.
SERVICES IN HONOR
OF CALIFORNIA'S DEAD
Memorial services in honor of the Cali
fornia volunteers who gave up their lives
i while upholding the honor of their coun
try in the far away Philippines will be
held in the Alhambra Theater to-morrow
afternoon, beginning at 2:30 o'clock. It
is expected that every survivor in the reg
; iment who is able to Ket there will be
i present to pay a last tribute to his de
parted comrades. The distribution of
! boxes has been arranged as follows:
| Orchestra box No. I— Colonel Duboce and
staff of the First California Kegiment ajid
Major Rice and staft of the California
Heavy Artillery.
Orchestra, box No. 2 — Governor of Cali
fornia and staff and visiting Governors.
Urchtstra box No. 3— Mayor and execu
■ tive council of the citizens' committee.
Orchestra box No. 4 — Major General
! Shafter and staff.
Right prosceii^m box— Executive com
mittee of the native Sons and Native
; Daughters.
Leit proscenium box— Executive com
mittee of the Relatives' Association.
Right loge boxes— Admiral Kautz, with
the officers of the battleship lowa and the
cruisers Newark and Boston and the offl
c< r* of the Y. M. C. A.
The three other loge boxes will be oc
cupied by three prominent ladies' clubs
yet to be selected.
On the stage will be seated the mtnis
: ters who will take part in the services,
post chaplain of the Presidio, chief offl
cers of the Red Cross, color guard, with
• the colors of the First California Regi
ment, sixty singers and a military band
of twenty-five pieces.
Twelve military ushers will attend to
the seating of the audience and four sen
tries will be in attendance. The pro
gramme will be as follows:
Military funeral march (Chopin), First Cali
fornia Band iHoliister); prayer. Rev. George C.
SEPTEMBER 3, J899.
| THE LIFE OF JOHN GOODMAN.
Thrilling experiences in the career of the famous
I Los Angeles detective.
! THE GREATEST J
i ACHIEVEMENT OE
i •;• THE CENTURY.
The story of how The Call was the
first newspaper in the world to put
) wireless telegraphy to a practical test
1 in newsgathering.
I GREAT INTERNATIONAL MARRIAGE.
I How Julia Dent Grant's wedding to Prince Cantacuzene will be a very
different affair from that of Julia Dent and U. S. Grant.
; ARE THE PEOPLE OE THE WEST BEHI D THE EAST IN
THE MATTER OF DANCING? By p g[ N F^ 0R
; 00M PAUL TELLS THE STORY I HOW JAPANESE FISHERMEN
OF HIS LIFE. DIVE FOR ABALONES.
AMERICA'S NORTHERNMOST RAILROAD.
FICTIOM. THE HOUSEKEEPERS PAGE AND
A HOST OF INTERESTING STORES
IN NLXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Adams; chorus, "Lead. Kindly Light" (Dudley
Buck) the Lnring (Tlub; address, Rev. Dr.
j: it.-'rt Mackenzie; bolo, "The Ixint Chord"
(Sullivan) Putnam Grlswold; address, "Heroic
Homes— Heroic Armies," by Dr. F. B. Cher
n; solo, "Aye Maria." Mrs. Eva Tenny.
with violin obbliKato by Pierto Marino; address.
'What the Dead Have to Say of the LivlriK,"
Rev Dr Voorsan«er; solo, "Allah" (C. W.
(ha-lwlck). Putnam Orlswold; aiHress. "The
r'a Legacy." Professor Thomas R. Bacon;
chorus, "Softly Now the Liftht of Day" (Cluva
tal), the Lorlriß Club; address, "Student Vol
unteer!-." David Starr Jordan: address, "Life
and Death in the Philippines," Fathf-r William
i' McKinnon; "taps"; 'Star-SpanKled Ban
ner." First California Band; benediction.
Bishop Nichols; voluntary: bandmaster. G. W.
HolUater; organist, John Hiirraden Pratt; Al
hambraThfater donated by Elllnghouse & Mott;
ti donateS by Globe Ticket Company; or
i by Sherman, Clay & Co.; Mrs.
Qntee R. Moore, memorial committee.
The doors will be open at 1:30 sharp.
ADMIRAL SAMPSON
IS TO BE RELIEVED
At His Request Will Bs Permitted to
Relinquish Command of the
Squadron.
WASHINGTON, Sept. I.— At the con
clusion of the Dewey celebration at New
York Admiral Sampson will be relieved
of the command of the North Atlantic
squadron. This action is to be taken at
the request of the admiral, who has al
ready had much more than his portion
of sea service in his grade. After a short
leave of absence he will be assigned to
shore duty, probably in command of one
of the navy yards.
In considering the selection of Admiral
Sampson's successor as commander-in
chief of the North Atlantic station the
Navy Department has practically nar
rowed i he field down to two names. It
has been laid down as the policy to be
followed that the commands of fleets and
.stations shall be reserved, wherever prac
ticable, for the nine rear admirals of the
first grade. It has been found that of
these officers who are not already on sea
Bervice or about to retire shortly there
are three names — Remey, in command at
Portsmouth; Farquhar, commandant at
Norfolk, and Schley. president of the re
tiring board. Farquhar has been longest
on continuous shore duty and it is in
dicated that either he or Remey Is to
succeed Sampson.
MORE REGIMENTS
FROM THE EAST
ARE ON THE WAY
Arrival of Part of the
First Two.
THE THIRTY-FIRST IN AHEAD
LAST OF THE RECRUITS BEING
SENT AWAY ON THE WARREN.
Falling Away of the Numbers That
Have Been Reporting — Meet
ing of the Red Cross
Ladies.
The vanguards of two regiments of in
fantry—two of the ten new ones author
ized by Congress— have arrived at the
Presidio. The Thirty-first, from Fort
Thomas, Kentucky, came with two bat
talions, and later in the afternoon came
the headquarters, band and the First Bat
talion of the Thirty-fourth, from Fort
Logan, Colorado.
The Thirty-llrst was the first of the new
regiments to be recruited and to report
for duty. It is commanded by Colonel
James S. Pettit, formerly a captain in the
First United States Infantry. The two
battalions which arrived yesterday came
under command of Lieutenant Colonel
Webb C. Hayes, son of ex-President
Rutherford B. Hayes and formerly a ma
jor in the Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. Col
onel Hayes was all through the campaign
in Cuba, most of the time doing duty on
the staff of General S. B. M. Young. He
was wounded at San Juan and had two
horses shot under him during the advance
on Santiago. With him are Major Lloyd
W. Brett, commanding the First Bat
talion, and Major Hunter Liggett, com
manding the Second Battalion. The Third
Battalion is expected to arrive this morn
ing, under command of Major E. Mc-
Mahon. Colonel Pettit will arrive with
the remainder of his regiment this morn-
Ing. The other^officers on the regimental
staff are: Surgeons Major James W.
Heney. Captain Alvln S. Hawkins and
Lieutenant K. S. Porter; Captain J. Van
Ness Philip, adjutant, and Lieutenant B.
Stark, commissary.
The Thirty-first started from Fort
Thomas Saturday morning. It is made
up of recruits from Ohio. Indiana, Ken
tucky and Tennessee, and among its men
it has a number of members of families
from the Interior of Kentucky who have
been actively engaged in feuds of more or
Less long standing. There are some mem
bers of the Hatfleld-McCoy feudal fac
tions and some Bakers anil sumt; How
ards. The fighters have all agreed to quit
as long as they remain in the service,
however, so there is no fear of any more
fighting than that caused by the Filipinos.
The first two battalions of the Thirty
fourth came in under command of Major
Shunk and Major Peck. In all there are
about 450 men.
Neither the Thirty-first nor the Thirty
fourth regiments will remain long at the
Presidio. The Thirty-first is booked to
sail on the transport Sherman as soon as
ahe can be got ready, and the Thirty
fourth will sail soon after. It has been
the custom to keep the men for the Phil
ippines at the Presidio for at least a
month, in order to give them plenty of
time for target practice: but there "will
be no delay in the case of the regiments
here and coming here. In the case of the
Thirty-flrat the lack of practice will not
be felt so badly, for the men of that com
mand have already had from a week to
ten days of practice before they started
for this coast.
The following regiments are on the way
here: The Twenty-seventh, from Camp
Meade, left there on August 29. The
Twenty-sixth leaves Plattsburg on Sep
tember 5 and the Thirtieth will leave
about the same date from Fort Sheridan.
The Thirty-second is to leave Fort Leav
enworth about September 16.
The recruit camp at the Presidio will be
cleaned out this morning. With the sail
ing of the Warren with over 1100 men the
last of the available rookies will have left
the post. It Is the first time since the
recruit camp was started that it has been
anywhere near empty, but lately the
transports have been carrying away more
than the recruiting offices have been send
ing, and so the number of men available
has been steadily growing smaller.
Three months ago men were coming in
at an average of over 100 a day. Then it
fell to eighty a day, then to sixty, and
now there are days when none come at
all. The recruiting of regiments In th«,
East has had its effect, and many m<n
who would otherwise have come to the
post as recruits will come as members of
the new volunteer regiments; but still
there is no doubt of the fact that the
number of recruits is becoming less ana
less. At one time there were over 4000
men in the various camps, and their ac
commodation became a matter for serious
consideration, but that time has passed.
There will be 4000 and over for a while if
all the regiments from the East come to
gether here, but it will be for a short
time only, and then the camps will have
to denend on recruits again.
Six 'hundred and fifty of the men for the
Warren went down to the vessel yester
day; the remainder of her complement
will be put aboard this morning. Of these
, men 296 are for the Thirty-sixth Infantry,
2&4 for the Thirty-seventh and 45 for the
Eleventh Cavalry.
A committee from the citizens com'
mittee called at the headquarters of the
First California Regiment yesterday to
leave with Colonel Duboce some books for
the gathering of statistics regarding the
men of the regiment, for use in finding
| employment for those who may not have
work when they are mustered out. On
i the committee were Rabbi Voorsanger,
1 Mr. Vail and Mr. Benedict. Later the
j executive committee called on Colonel Dv
: boce, and the matter was once more dis
cussed.
The books left for distribution to the
captains of the First California and the
California Artillery when filled out will
I contain the name, age, residence, former
employer and occupation of each man.
They will be given to the captains this
morning, and Colonel Duboce has prom
ised that they shall be filled out without
delay. The Information they contain will
be compiled in a register, and when the
commands are mustered out the commit
tee will be able to act at once for those
| who have not been able to provide them
■ selves with work.
I The officers of the First California Regi
ment have decided that they will re-enter
I the service of the State within sixty days
! afUT they have been mustered out of the
j United States service. About half of the
j non-commissioned officers of the regiment
have declared the same intention, and it
j is understood that a majority of the men
I will also re-enlist in the National Guard.
! The regiment will give up its arms next
Monday.
There will be trouble for some of the
men from the heavy artillery if they do
! not pay more attention to guard duty than
they have been paying. It has happened
that when the time for guard mount came
there has been an absent list that usually
includes the same men, and there are four
or five whose places on the guard have
had to be filled by their comrades regu
larly since the men went into camp. Ma
ijor'Rice is going to put a stop to any
thing of that kind, and yesterday he or
dered the battery commanders to prefer
charges against any of their men who
! were detailed on the guard and who were
1 absent from guard mount. They will be
; warned or perhaps will be given a turn
; at police duty as a reminder, and if there
: is more absence a turn in the post guard
i house will be added. Major Rice says he
does not wish to be hard on the men,
! particularly at this time, but there is one
duty that must be performed, and that is
■ guard duty. If there is any one detailed
lon the guard who does not report for
duty some one of his comrades must take
his place, and Major Rice will not let any
of his men impose upon the others.
The rolls of the Colorado regiment were
all linished yesterday and were sent in
to the paymaster. The rcgimem will be
mustered out on September 3.
The Wyoming battalion will proDably be
mustered out oetween Septwiib'.-r 21 and
Zl. The Idaho men and the North Da
kota men will follow very soon after.
Yesterday afternoon the Governors,
Senators and Congressmen who are here
| to receive the returning volunteers trom
| their several States were the guests of
! General Shafter at luncheon. They met
I at the Presidio yesterday morning and
i were driven around the post and out to
' the fortifications on the heights ovenook
ing the Golden Gate. Then they were
driven to the PaclQC Union Club, where
they had luncheon. A salute from Light
Battery C. Third Artillery, was tired as
I they came into the post. Assisting Gen
eral Shatter in the entertainment of the
guests were Major Robert Noble, :ii<l on
the general's staff; Captain Sedgwick
Pratt, artillery inspector of the depart
ment, and Captain Frajik Greene, signal
officer. The party was a most enjoyable
! one. The entertainment of th'-'so uistin-
I guished guests properly belongs to tr.e
! Uovtinor of this State, Dut he lias shown
no desire to put himself out ;n order to
be gracious, nor has he taken any interest
in Uielr welfare.
There were two promotions announced
in the Wyoming battalion yedtprday. Sec
ond Lieutenant Charles Pinney was mu-ie
a lirst lieutenant anil First Sergeant
Henry A. Smith was made a secon«l lieu
tenant.
The expected appointments of majors in
' the First California Regiment are still
unannounced. There is some feeling be
ing shown at the delay, for tne holding:
back of the appointments \z only keeping
back two promotions all along the line.
■ Under a recent ruling of the Wn.r Depart
i me.'it there cun be put two majors ap
pointed, for the regiment must be kept
to the old National uuard standard, which
I provided for only two majors, the lieu
! tenant colonel being in charge of tne lirst
battalion. When these two majors have
been appointed there will be room tor two
more captains, two more 'irst teutenanta
and two more second lieutenants, which
will let two men ris>- irura mt ranks j:iiJ
be mustered out with shoulder straps.
Then u> till the vacancies formed amu-.ig
the first sergeants there will be promo
tions right through the non-commissioned
officers, and two privates will finally put
on chevrons just in time to earn the title
they carry. .
Tnere are four vacancies in the Idaho
1 regiment— that of lieutenant colonel and
three lieutenants. They will proDably be
filled by Governor .Steunenberg within a
day or two. ,
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Red Cross Society yester
day it was decided to fix the dues at $1
a year payable on October 1. It was also
decided to" move the headquarters to the
R. i Cross tent in Union Square.
The treasurer, Mrs. Harrington, reported
a balance on hand of $0761 88. A special
vole of thanks was given the Market
Street Railway Company for a donation
of $1500. A vote of thanks was also
passed to the Southern Pacific Company
and all its connecting lines for special
rates they had made for some of the
needy volunteers. The Colorado boys
were not forgotten, and a vote of thanks
was tendered them for the assistance they
had givej) in preparing for the great cele
bration. , . _.
It was reported that during August 10l
nun had been assisted home at a cost of
$370 60 and employment had been found
for sixteen at a cost of $62 40.
A letter was read which informed the
society that SOW medals would be deliv
ered to the men who were in service, and
in case of a man being killed or having
died his nearest relative would be given
his medal. •
Attention was called to the memorial
services which will be held in honor of
those who gave their lives in the service
to-morrow. The services will be held in
the Alhambrai Theater at 3 o'clock in the
afternoon. m ,_ _ _
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco society was announced for Satur
day, October 7, at 2 p. m., In the Philo
math Club.
To-night the soldier heroes are to be
fea«ted at the ferry depot by the Native
Daughters of the Golden West and next
week a round of entertainments and ban
,iu. tfl are being arranged for their
i pleasure.- _ _ _ _ .
I Second Lieutenant Richard Dowdall of
Company G. First California Volunteers,
! will be the guest of honor at a banquet
to be tendered him next Wednesday even
ing by the members of Borromean Coun
cil No. 129. Y. M. I.
The member? of Company A. League of
the Cross Cadets, will tender a banquet
I to the six boys who resigned from the
'■ organization to take up arms for L nele
I Sam That the affair* will be a success
is evidenced by the amount of prepara
tion being made by the committee hay
'"a reception will shortly be tendered to
ibout eighty-five members of the Young
Men's Institute who are at present in the
First California Regiment. The follow
ing eommitteemen have it in charge:
Hall and decoration— D. Barry, J. A.
Dunle-ivy W. J. Carlin and R. Tobin.
Invkation's-P. J. Lawlor and D. J. Moy
n"han Printing and music-D. E. Hay
den T F Ryan and D. T. Powers. Menu
— J F.'Comvhs and D. E. Hayden.
Transportation for Kansans.
TOPEKA, Sept. I.— The Santa Fe Rail-
The New Torpedo.
A young Swede has invented a torpedo
operated solely by invisible rays of light,
which enables it to explode at will beneath
the enemy's fleet. In a like subtle manner
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters attacks and con-
quers all stomach troubles. When a sufferer
from constipation or dyspepsia or liver com-
plaint takes the Bitters he Is sure of one
thing sooner or later, and that ts cure. See
that a private Revenue Btamp covers the neck
of tbe bottle.
way has agreed to transport the Twen
tieth Kansas Regiment from San Francis
co to Topeka after the regiment has been
mustered out and wait for payment until
the next session of the Legislature. The
agreement was made at the solicitation 3f
Governor Stanley. The State will bear the
entire expense of bringing the regiment
to Topeka from the coast.
COLONEL HAWKINS' FUNERAL
Remains of the Late Commander of
the Pennsylvanians Interred.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 1.-The remains of
Colonel Alexander Leroy Hawkins, com
mander of the Tenth Pennsylvania Volun
teers, who died on shipboard while en
route to San Francisco from Manila, were
buried with military honors in the family
lot in the Washington cemetery at Wash
ington, Pa., this afternoon. A provisional
regiment, composed of three companies
each of the Fourteenth, Fifteenth and
Seventeenth regiments, Pennsylvania
National Guard, under command of
Colonel William J. Glenn, headed the
funeral cortege, followed by the Tenth
Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by
Lieutenant Colonel Barnett, and the Fif
teenth Pennsylvania Cavalry'- The cere
monies at the cemetery were in charge of
Chaplain Joseph L. Hunter of the Tenth
Regiment. Fully 20,000 people were pres
ent.
NO SPECIAL SESSION.
Dakota Troops Will Not Be Taken
Home at State's Expense.
ST. PAUL, Sept. 1.-A Pierre, S. D., spe
cial to the Dispatch says:
The Populist, the official paper of Gov
ernor Lee in this city, to-day announces
that the Governor will refuse to call a
special session of the Legislature to pro
vide means to bring the troops from San
Francisco. It also states that he will re
fuse to authorize the issue of emergency
warrants, which means that State war
rants will have to be registered wirhin a
few days, but it is not likely that any of
them will be for more than a short time.
The Populist also announces that Public
Examiner Taylor has filed a report show
ing crooked work in the management of
the penitentiary, the reform school and
the insane asylum under former manage
ment, but that the officers refuse to give
out a report, etating that it will be pub
lished in due time.
Keith's attend solely to their own busi
ness; "millinery" opening Friday and Sat
urday. Phelan building, SOS Market street.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AILMENTS OF MEN~
Quickly and Permanently Cured by the
Old Reliable ?:><«*iali>sts.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
Patients can arrange to pay when they
are well or may pay in monthly install-
ments.
I ontulintion and Private Book, fnr Men Free.
HOME CURES A SPECIALTY.
It you cannot call write for free advice,
questipn list, terms and other particulars.
Thousands are cured annually without
seeing the doctors. All correspondence
confidential.
DR.MEYERS&CO.,
731 MARKET ST.. 9. F.
Elevator entrance. Hours, S to 5 dally;
7 to S evenings: 9 to 11 Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBR^THEATER.
SPECIAL NOTICE!
In consequence of the First Regiment, Call-
! fornia Volunteers, being, ordered to attend the
1 banquet to be given by the Native Daughters of
the Golden West, on Saturday evening next,
the Testimonial Benefit, announced for
JOHN \M. SLADE
Of the California Volunteer*.
WILL BE POSTPONED to SUN-
DAY EVENING. Sept. 3,
When the monster programme already arranged
i will be given, thus enabling the entire "First
I Regiment" to be present.
i ALL TICKETS GOOD FOR SUNDAY EVEN'G
BOX OFFICE NOW OPEN
SEATS SELLING RAPIDLY.
baseballT
Santa Cruz
vs.
Oakland
TO-DA V AT 3 f*. M.
SUNDAY AT 2.-3 Of*. M.
MOiSD.'tY, Labor Day, at 2:30 p m.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION, 25 CENTS.
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
_• STAND.
CONCERTS AND ftISOKTS.
IN HONOR OF
HENRY GEORGE,
THE PROPHET OF SAN FRANCISCO.
HON. JOHN S. CROSBY,
OF NEW YORK,
Will Address tJje People of San Francisco at
METROPOLITAN HALL,
SATURDAY EVENING, Sept. 2,
In Commemoration of the 60th Birthday of
Henry George.
All Are Cordially Invited. Come early. Xo Ad-
mission Fee and No Reserved Seats.
CHUTES AND ZOO
TO-DAY! CHILDREN'S DAY.
FEE CONCESSIONS BEFORE 2:.W p M
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE TH 0 E R D L A S 3 HER LIONS.
And Moving Pictures of the
ARRIVAL OF THE SHERMAN!
And MARCH OF THE FIRST REGIMENT UP
MARKET STREET.
Phone for Seats, Steiner ISSI.
GLENJ>ARK^
THIS SUNDAY, SEF*T. 3
ADMISSION 10c.
FINE VAUDEVILLE IN FREE THEATER.
VAN GOFRE, the G. eat Equilibrist,
AND ALL-STAR ARTISTS.
San Mateo electric cars direct to park.
SL'TRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSIN. 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, including admission. 25: Children, 20c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRUCK
OIL!
n What wonderful meaning those
H two words will have to thousands
fcj the coming year! How the papers
B will be watched to see which com-
H panics are the lucky ones! Some
|£ will make fortunes for their stock-
§3 holders and some will not. It does
M not take the
I Wisdom of a Solomon
" 3 to select the one to put your money
a in. Our stock has advanced 50%
H in six weeks. $1 invested at the
. H start Is worth $1 50 now. Good
. H profit, ain't it? 433% a year.
[ I CALL OR WRITE FOR OUR FREE
i I "INSIDE INFORMATION."
• 1 Union Consolidated Oil and
I Transportation Co.,
; I 322-323 Parrott Building:,
'. I - BAN FRANCISCO.
AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
TO-NIGHT
GRAND OPENING
| MECHANICS' FAIR
i
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
TO-NIGHT
1 Double Season Tickets $5.00
Single Admission 25«
MATINEE TO-DAY.
i TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY LAST TIMES
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
In the Idyllic Comedy,
THE NEW DOMINION.
! A Beautiful Stage Presentation of % Mort
Charming Story.
NEXT WEEKDAY CLEMENT In
"THE BELLS."
A GREAT REVIVAL!
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), Sept. i.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, IDe; child-
ren, li>c, any Dart.
FELIX MORRIS AND COMPANY
IN REPERTOIRE.
MOULIERE SISTERS.
ARNOLD GRAZER and
LA PETITE HAZEL.
APOLLO.
CARON and HERBERT.
HALL and STALKY.
FREEZE BROTHERS.
McMAHON and KING.
BIOGR APH.
Opening to-morrow— HUNGARIAN BOYS'
MILITARY BAND.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE 532.
...MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON...
Last Two Nights of
Planquette's Delightful Patriotic Comic Opera,
PAIL JONES.
EXTRA MATINEE MONDAY (LABOR DAT.)
Best Reserved Seat in the House, 25c.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— IOc, 15c, 25c.
35c, sOc.
Best reserved seats In the theater at Satur-
day matinee, tSe.
Branch ticket office Emporium.
All Next Week— "EL CAPITAN."
ALCAZAR 32™
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
LAST FOUR TIMES.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In th« Classic Drama,
INGOMARJ
NEXT MONDAY, Opening of the New Stock
Season, Presenting the International
Comedy Success.
CHRISTOPHER JR.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND QPERA SEASON.
MATINEE TO-DAY! MATINEE TO-DAY!
"RIGOLETTO."
"RIGOLETTO" Last Time Sunday Night.
The Superb Rendition of
LA GIOCONDA.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
' Next Week— "CARMEN" and "ROMEO AND
JULIET."
- — POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and Mc- 5 -
Telephone for Seats Bush •
ONLY &2.Q0 FOR THE ROUND TRIP
Jgg" !££! 38S&& asaSKi -?:3Kg£
BEAR IN MIND THAT THE
GREAT EXCURSION
TO
Monterey, Hotel Del Mon'e and Pacific Grove
TAKES PLACE
NEXT SUiN'DAY, SEPT..3.'
Personally conducted by MR. WILLIAM H. .
MENTON. Excursion Pass. Agent. S. P. Co.
Elaborate programme of OLD-TIME SPAN-
ISH SPORTS! Expert bronco riding, lassoing
< wild steers, riding a wild buffalo, bucking
horse exhibition. Indian musicians, etc.
FIVE HOURS AT THE SEASIDE!
Splendid trains of first-class coaches will .-.
leave depot. Third and Townsend streets, at . 8
a. m. Returning, arrive San Francisco at <
5.45 p. in.
T. H. GOODMAN. Gen. Pass. Agent
E. O. McCORMICK. Pass. Traffic Manager.
Weekly- Call, sl.oo per Year
78
Territorial of
Form Government
THESE ARE THE QUESTIONS THAT
WERE PUT TO THE HAWAIIANS
1. \What form of government is, in your opinion, best suited for the Hawaiian Islands?
2. Should the judiciary— the Supreme Court and the Circuit Court, either or both — be clect
r appoim l k>e, and for life or for a term of years.'
j. Ik' you favor the retention- in office of the present judiciary, regarded from the stand
point of principle or utility and apart from any personal feeling?
4. Do xou consider it to our best interests that the officers to be appointed by the President
c United Slates, in the event of a Territorial form of government, should be selected from
residents of the {'proposed) Territory or from the mainland.'
Would you prefer that the oilier officers of the Territory should be appointed by the
Governor or elected by the people?
6. Are xo.u in favor of retaining the penal contract labor lazes. 7 If not, hare you any
suggestion to make in connection therewith to protect the employers of labor in their investments?
j. I :■: any suggestions to make in regard to the labor problem of procuring suffi
cient labor for the needs of our plantations and other industries/
5. Who. ■■ opinion in regard to the franchise.' Should universal suffrage or a re
stricted one be granted.' How would you deal in tins respect with native-born Hawaiian*) whether
native or Asiatic races?
IN pursuance with Instrurtlpns the correspondent of The i • it Sni lulu has
ews with a large number of representative residents of the
Hawaiian [slai I rm of govennneni mosi destred by th<
■ ■ . tbie manner in which their officers should he
estlon and otfwr matters of vital int. rest to thorn.
■ •. - >h'>w th-aj the feeling in favor of a Territorial form of govern
• ■•: animous. This form is considered best suited to the people and
. ditions at ■ • Bting in the islands. Hon. Paul Neumann, who was
t-hand man of ex-Queen LilluokaJaai, objects to any projected colonial
the right of FLawaiiana to annul the- annexation treaty if it
■ emm nt on the islands. Robert W. an
rtera of the dep ised Queen, declares candidly for a tnon
,i-, hial form that the ruler should be the "most wronged
I Qui en."
It is the belief of the majority that the members of the Supreme and Circuit
■ th .'•■ ••:•:! of the United States, being ap
• i ther for life or a term f years, others think the judiciary should be
for a term of years, varying from two to twelve.
Only a few expi inion that there should he a change in toe present
ludiciary of Hawaii. Th^ir retention in office I £ their familiarity with
l>oth the judicial systems of the United States and of Hawaii, is favored by a
;mf er of the Interviewed.
the subject of the •lectio!', of the officers for the proposed Territory, i:
Is the general opinion that they should be appointed from the residents of, the
and not from the "■mainland." Some believe the matter should be left
Uscretion of the President, While others think that half of the officers
; pointed from the residents, the other half coming from the "main
g the other Territorial officer?, a slight majority is in favor of
gainst appointment. According to some, the Governor should make
ill the appointments, while others advocate their election.
peal o•' the prcaeni penal contract labor laws is largely favored. Km
leclaraOons on this subject are made by many, the system being character
"a survival of servitude, disgraceful and degrading."
The seventh question, relating to the labor problem, brought forth many
■ n«. Atnc ni? them are the following 1 : Seduce dividends by increasing
Assisted labor from Europe should be permitted. Offer fair wages. In
erican antl European laborers to come to the Islands. Keep the door for
free lab :.<■' pt to ChUia. A scientific man should be employed to study
■'itions in '.the islands and the sources of labor elsewhere, and make rec
tlons. BrUng m the United States. Share the profits With
nt laborers". Let Congress repeal the laws 'against contract labor and
i immigration.
'ltie In i rv'li wa indicate that there is a prevalence of opinion in favor of the
granting of universal suffrage. A number, however, think that the suffrage
should be restricted- educational and property qualifications bvinir nec<
fthert ective franchise for all Hawaiian born, and all foreigners
with the < itlcs.
Inti rvlewa fall >w :
HON. W. F. FREA'.H. Associate Jus- '
■ -he Supreme Court, Honolulu.
i. a Territorial form of government.
2 . i ;.,,;, ;: . former for
• a long term of years, the latter
;hort< r term of yv-nrs.
:>.. In view of my position it would per-,
. proper for n. c to express an ,
ifd to this matter.
4. xh< reasons -which make it
B eem me t<> expi^ees no opinion
I is matter.
- I fer that, tbe other hlph«»r
Inted by th«- Governor
with the consent of the upper branch of;
Territorial Legislature and that the
••■ ..Hi, ers be appointed or .:• t -
such manner as ms y be provided
by the Territorial Legislature. j
• penal contract labor laws should
lolished. The penal enforcement of
cont racta is not nee to pro- j
employers in their investments. I
T A scientific man should be employed
inditlOiK in. these islands
and the sources of labor sujpply • Iw where
; , nd ' ommenda ;V'ns as to the
: i dap ted here and
;is to ' • • • labor supply to I
be drawn upon. A scientific man Is i eed
. d |ust as much for the Investigation of
the lal • m as (or the lnv< stigation
of problems of cultivs manuXac
man should not be merely a
fled "practical" man. He should be
8 thoroughly scientific mar.
bould be an educational quall
. ■ have been accuss
tomed to here and to which, so far as I
know, there has been no objection.
HuX. PAUL NKTMAXX. lawyer, ex- j
Btate Senator of California and ex-
Attorney General of Hawaii, Hono
lulu.
1. The Tirritcrial form of government as
it has been provided for Arizona and the
oilier Territories which have attained
,od. li the question is asked with
bo any projected colonial 5y5
-,,.,, i express my unqualified objection
. latter and Believe in our rtgM to
annul the treaty of annexation and in
our ri^ht to Independence If a colonial
rnment is sought to be forced uy
-2 The Supreme Court should be main
talned as it is. The Justices appointed
fo r li, 1 ,., the Circuit Judges should be ap
pointed for a term of years for the >u.me
period during which they hold office now,
•
:: i do most decidedly.
4 Tin, question j leave unanswered
my opinion upon this subject migln
w, [ght. and i am averse to dis- ;
_. , ;: pr« sident oi tne United
in his exerdse of a sound discre- |
ofli- ■ ■ =hould be elective except
the Judiciary, the Superintendent of Pub
itruction, th< Surveyor General, the
Treasurer and the head nf the iX'part- ,
mi nt of Agriculture.
6 I am opposed to pmal contract labor
laws Til- obtain in Guatemala and
other like well regulated republics, but
ye do not favor them In the Hawaiian
Islands aside from their being In con
travention of the laws of the United
J beg to refrain from suggestions for j
the protection of employes; apparently
have hitherto beea wen able to take ;
. are of themselves and will, 1 hope, con
tinue to do so. I do. however, not ob
ins consulted ujjon that point
in a proiessional way.
7, Only this; Let Congress repeal the
;ainsi contraci labor and assisted
immigration. There Is no "raison d'etre"
for such legislative stupidities.
B. 1 do not favor a franchise restricted
except by reason of Illiteracy. I cannot
understand why
a n y natl v c
born Hawaiian
should be de
prived of his,
rights in that
r< spect for any
reason what
ever which does
not in like man-
Hawaiian
Rulers' Relics
Auctioned.
ner affect any other citizen.
We have taken their country and their
flag, abrogated their monarchial institu
tions, sold the relics of their kings at
public auction instead of donating them
to the Bishop Museum. Let us be satis
fied and leave them at least the inesti
mable privilege of freemen to vote for.
incompetent legislation.
HON. JOHN M. HORNKR, planter, Ku
kaiu, Hamakua, Hawaii:
1. A Territorial form of government,
by all odds, and of the most liberal
kind.
Such, in fact, as are enjoyed by the
people of Territories on the mainland.
Let them have plenty of freedom, as
freedom is said to be "God's road to de
velopment and civilization." Surely all
Territories require both.
When we undertake by force to reg
ulate the lives of other people we as
sume responsibilities which Providence
has not placed upon us, and we thus
disregard that heavenly law that de
mands "Whatsoever ye would that men
should do to you, do ye even so to them."
This would apply to Hawaii, Porto
Rico, the Philippines and to control our
actions with all the world.
2. The Supreme Court should be appoint
ed), but only for a term of six or eight
years.
If Judges are elected but few are inde
pendent enough not to be swayed by cir
cumstances that may arise to prevent or
assist in their re-election.
3. I have no personal objections to our
present judiciary- If appointed or elected
as In answer to question 2. In fact, would
consider it judicious to appoint and elect
them for tilling the first judicial term un
der our Territorial government.
4. Under a Territorial form of govern
ment, as a rule, the appointees of the
President should be selected from resi
dents of th" Territory, I reason that a
man •residing' here knows more about the
wishes and what would be for th" well
being of the people than would a stranger
whose sympathies are not with the people
and. cannot be until they become ac
quainted.
Besides, It seems to- me a people -who
glory in freedom and Independence as do
th-> people of the United States should
abandon entirely the old English colonial
system of appointing from the "main
land" the big officials for her colonies.
We have capable men here.
5. The officers of the Territories should
surely be elected by the people of the
Territory, as
then, after trial,
if they did not
suit they could
lie dropped. If
the Governor
appointed them
he would be the
only one • they
Governor
Should Not
Appoint.
must please and
abuses may grow out of such appoint
THE SAIN JTRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
merits, as if the Governor was appointed
from the mainland and only the Presi
dent to please he may import his rela
tions and friends to fill the more im
portant offices, regardless of the best in
terests and well wishes of the people of
the Territory. Such an independent course
would naturally engender hard feelings,
as was the case in the old colonial days.
It is a wrong course to pursue. It
takes away the people's independence,
whereas. they should be allowed as much
freedom here a:- in any Territory of the
United States. If not, why?
6. I am in favor of a contract labor law
without a penal clause. As the woeful
meaning of our present contract is Inter
preted by some spiteful writers, although
not a word of truth in them, yet their
writings are so extensively circulated they
will always count against us. hence I
would strike it out and stop their grumb
ling and their holding us up to the world
as "grasping-, cruel, unchristian slave
drivers." I would strike it out for that
reason and have peace in the family.
7. I have this to say: If our present and j
future Government will so favor our fn- ]
dustries as to !
permit them to
get labor where
it is to be had,
then there will
be no check to
our material
prosperity, but
if our Govern
ment continues
I Obtain
Labor Where
Available.
Its present policy of refusing to permit the
, importation of labor from Asia unless a
certain per cent of Europeans or Ameri
! cans are also imported and do not let it
be known where and how they can be
obtained, then a dark cloud overshadows
our industries, although prospects are
bright but for this dark shadow.
8. All males 21 years of age without re
gard to race or color who were born,
schooled and reared in these islands, and
.'ill males 21. years old who are residing
\ here when our Territorial organization
■ lies into effect and can read and write the
English language, should be granted the
right of franchise.
NICHOLAS RUSSELL, M. D., coffee
planter, Hawaii.
1. Colonial. Because, considering
the whole history of these islands,
as well as the present ethnographical
and economical situation, the representa
tive form always was and will remain
fictitious and only hampering progress.
The government by a Governor appointed
by the President of the United States, if
a proper person Is selected, viz.. a man
with progressive views, strong personal
ity and intellect, entirely out and above
all local party feelings and connections,
, animated with nothing else but a desire
to promote the general welfare of the
country, and endowed with supreme
power to do so, alone will be able to
counteract the rapidly developing oli
garchy of a few huge sugar plantations,
to the detriment of the country.
A large representative body elected by
universal suffrage of all residents of
sill lie! in t edu-
H cational. census
■ and knowledge
■ of English lan
■ guage who
■ have reached
■ the age of 21 is
■ necessary.
First — In or
■ der to educate
M , | , ,  | |
Why the
Government Should
Be Colonial.
ho people for the future democratic, rep
resentative Institutions.
Si i ■uiifl — T<i insure the Governor suffl
•i>-nt knowledge of the situation and real
ti rests "f the country.
Fur the time being this body will have
HON. PAUL NEUMANN.
but consultative voice. It will be elected
by all residents, disregarding color, race
and citrzenphip.
2. Appointed by the President of th 6
United States for life or a lone term.
H. Pbr appointment of the judiciary tho
President of the United Btatefl must not
bo hampered by any other consideration
but the high moral character, integrity
and ability of. individuals, whether pres
ently acting, local residents or new men
coming from the United States.
4. Indifferent, provided they be intel
ligent, honest and progressive men.
o. Appointed by the Governor.
6. I am positively against the penal
clause, which is a survival of servitude
altogether contrary to the spirit of the
age and perfectly unnecessary. The In
terests of the employers and condition of
labor market will be sufficiently pro
tected by abolishment of all obstacles
to free emigration of laborers from all
countries Including Japan.
7. To keep all the doors for free labor'
emigration wide open from Japan and
other countries except China, N>ot to In
terfere with employers paying for th«
passage of laborers should ther find it.
possible without the penal clausij.
S. I- favor universal suffrage for all
residents with sufficient educational qual
ifications, disregarding allegiance, place
of birth, race and color. This, However,
presently, only for the purpose of elec
tion of a largo representative .body in
tended to illuminate the Govern* r in re
gard to the situation of the country and.
real rests of I lie people.
HON. WII.LJAM O. SMITH, lawyer,
ex-Attorney Genera] and ox-presi-*
dent of the Board of Health,, Hono
lulu; Hawaiian born.
1. A Territorial form of government,
very much upon the lines laid down by
the Commissioners in the bill which they
reported to Congress..
2. In my opinion the Judges of the
Courts of Record, Supreme Court and
circuit Courts should be aDDointed: the
HON. W. F. FREAR.
Jtlstices rtf the Supreme <"ourt to hold of
fice for lid and the Circuit Judges flor a
term of years— both to be subject to im
peachrr* nt. I thir.k thai the elective sys
tem would not be well In view of the pres
ent condition of population.
3. 1 an; in favor 01 the retention in of-
Bee of the present Justices and Judges
of the Courts of Record. The Incum
are men of ability and Integrity and are
familiar both with the Judicial system of
these islands and of the United Btates.
4. I do consider that it would be best
that the Territorial officers be appointed
from among residents of the Territory.
Organized government has been main
tained in these islands ror many years
and then- is sufficient material from
which to select competent anfl well qual
ified persons to lill the Territorial offices.
I 5. I approve of the system recommended
I by the Commissioners, viz. that the Gov
j ernor be appointed bj the President of the
■ United States and that the other princi
pal officers be appointed by the Governor
with the approval of the Hawaiian Sen
ate.
6 and 7. T am not in favor of retaining
the penal contract system which has here
tofore keen enforced in these islands.
As to the best provisions 1" be made in
the future for agricultural Daborora I be
li. ■■;■.■ that it is
iiiv the best m
tereet of the
planters and of
immunity
that gr< ater ef
fort should be
made to encour
age American
I Encourage
Americans and I
Europeans.
and European
farm lrborers to come here. Much doubt
less can be done to encourage these
daises t<> come by means of. co-operative
ll 8 I believe that under conditions that
now exist in these Islands the plan of re
quiring property and educational quaun
cationa Is very desirable, fnder presi nt
conditions the acquisition of property
represents, Ln a large measure, intelli
gence. Sharing In government is not
a right, but a privilege, and in my opin
ion only those who have sufljeient intel
ligence should enjoy such privilege.
I would have tlie qualifications apply
equally to all who arc now/ Hawaiian sub
jects and to all American subjects.
HON P. C. JONES, vice president of
the Bank of Hawaii, Hon. .lulu.
1. Territorial for the present, un
til we have a sufficient population
to form a State.
2. 1 would prefer appointments for both
Supreme and Circuit courts to be for life.
as I am of the opinion we would get
much better service.
V In most cases I much prefer that
selection be made from residents oi the
Territory. . , ,
5. I would prefer that they be elected
by the people for the reason that it would
give the Governor too much power to
have all the appointments in his hands.
6. I am in favor ot abolishing the
penal clause. I believe that employers
( f labor can be protected by adopting
profit-sharing and similar means of giv
ing the Laborer an interest of ■ some kind
in the enterprise.
7 I would have a first-class man se
lected, to be paid a good liberal salary.
to investigate the labor problems ana
make reports from time to tir.ie, suggest
ing Where good men who will settle in
the country can be procured and terms
and conditions upon which they can be
induced to come to the islands.
8. I approve of giving to every native
born Hawaiian universal suffra. ■,'.'. They
should have all the privileges that are
granted to everybody else.
REV. SKRENO E. BISHOP, preacher
and editor of Tho Friend. Hawaiian
born.
1. Representative, if with limited
suffrage.
If with universal suffrage, then it would
far better he by a Governor and Council
appointed liy the President.
There will be admirable government if
the Legislature is elected, as hitherto, by
the more capable and trustworthy cluss
of citizens.
If the large class of natives, who are
unthrifty and childish, are permitted to
control the Legislature, then good gov
ernment will In- impossible. Demagogues
and bosses will rule*
In that case, the men of capital will
be compelled to buy up the Legislatures,
which they can easily do.
2. Appointive. The Supreme Judges for
life, SUbJeci i<> impeachment for corrup
tion or for Incapacity.
3. It would be desirable to retain the
present Judges of the Supreme Court on
account of their valuable experience In
the. past history of Hawaiian jurispru
dence.
4. From residents of the Territory for
the most part. Men who are intimately
acquainted with' the people and the coun
try will do the besi service.
5. By the Governor.
6. The penal contract labor laws should
be abolished.
No protection is needed if the. employ
ers* treat their laborers well and give
them i- ! homes In place of the present
barracks.
7. Assisted labor from Europe should
be permitt.-d to enter under contract.
s. All native-born men of whatever
race should have suffrage on the same
conditions .is the wb < -■.
PROFESSOR F. A. HOSMER; president
of Oahu College, Punahou, Oahu.
! l. A Territorial form of government.
*■ 'L In my opinion they should be ap
pointed fur life or during good be
havior.
3. On principle, T favor the retention of
the present judiciary in offlc\
4. 1 have the greatest confidence in the
sound sense of President McKlnley, who
will decide this matter for us.
0. Should prefer- to follow our own local
constitution as far as possible.
6. I am not in favor of retaining the
penal contract labor laws.
7. The best solution of our labor problem
appears to me to be co-operation, such as
can be found to-day on the Ewa and Kona
plants ■
g. Under present conditions suffrage
should be limited as provided in the con
stitution yf the republic of Hawaii.
CL. WIGHT, president Wilder Steam
ship Company, Honolulu.
1. The form now existing.
• 2. Our courts are honest. I prefer
to Bee no changes.
3. I do.
4. From residents of the (proposed) Ter
ritory.
5. 1 prefer our present system of ap
pointment.
I', t am In favor of present labor laws.
The contracts are fully understood by the
laborers before they are entered Into.
There is no compulsion us^d in the mak
ing of these contracts. Men who do not
sign contracts have no trouble In securing
work on plantations, but when work is
scarce the tree laborers are discharged.
T'i. contract Insures to laborers regular
employment, a house, fuel, water (where
waur is scarce) and medical attendance,
all free of cost. It insures to employer a
stated number of mm at stated wages.
7. 1 can see no fault In our present sys
tem. Smart, provident men do not need
assistance i n,
coming to this
country, nor do
they need a con
tract with an
employer to Be
cure steady
work at good
i Penal
1 Contract Is
" Necessary.
Imp rovident.
lnzy or stupid men need to be assisted to,
come to the country, and a penal contract
is necessary to secure their services after
arrival.
Young men who have not been able to
HON. W. D. SMITH.
save enough money at the rate of wages
prevailing in the home country are en
abled to come here and at the higher rate
of wages prevailing soon . pay off their
debt. Such usually receive an advance in
wages over those called for in the con
tract. I am employing five young men,
Portuguese, at the following salaries, viz.:
$110, $so. $75, $70 and $40 per month, who
i came here under contract.
8. 1 can see no reason for changing our
present laws regarding the elective fran
i chise
To conclude, I would say that our pres
: ent form of government is the result of
careful thought and study. Our laws were
j framed by able men thoroughly conver
sant with the situation.
Some laws, such as the license laws and
I the navigation laws, need amendment to
: bring them up to date, but these changes
■ would have been made under any circum
stances under the old form of govern
ment.
PWUNDENBERG, capitalist and
sugar stock holder, Honolulu.
1. An independent Government of
• our own, as existed prior to the
overthrow; but as this seems to be
denied us, then some Territorial form in
which loca2 self-government should be a
! prominent feature.
2. In my opinion, the Supreme Court
should be appointed by some local tri
bunal, say, for instance, the Legislature,
and should only be removed for cause by
! the appointing power. As for the Circuit
Court, I am opposed to the elective sys
tem when applied to the judiciary, and 1
i advocate that the same be appointed as
. above, but for a term of years, say four
years.
3. With a few exceptions, I think the
present judiciary should be retained, for
it will be a very difficult matter to re
place them with men who so thoroughly
understand the traditions, prejudices and
! requirements of this country: and in the
event of radical changes . which are apt
to be made in our laws the present ju
diciary would or ought to be invaluable in
i preventing the establishment of laws in
consistent with our requirements.
4. From residents of the proposed Ter
j ritory, by all means.
5. I should certainly prefer to have the
officers of the
Elect
Their Own
Governor.
i
Terrttory elect
ed by the peo
ple, and it Is to
be hoped th.it
the United
States Congress
will see its way
clear to allow
us to elect our
i own Governor.
| «. lam not and never have been in favor
j of the P^nal features of the contract sys
j tern. The vagrant laws, If properly ap
i plied, would in a large measure compen
i sate for the loss of the contract system.
7. This is a vexed question, and has been
talked and written on ever since I can
r remember. Numerous experiments have
t \ been tried and nearly all have proved fail
- ures wi h the exception of the Chinese and
Japanese.
8. It is my opinion that if Hawaiian*
1 I are compelled to become Americans
against their will the very least that can
- be done is to give them the rights _of
> Americans. The property qualification
l imposed since the promulgation of the
constitution of 1887 and also recommended
1 by the commission appointed by the
United States to draft the proposed laws
- for Hawaii is a clear injustice to the
. Fiawaiians, and was Intended In the first
place for no other reason than to prac
tically disfranchise the natives.
[nnHOMAfI S. KAY, planter, Kobala,
I Hawaii.
1. The Territorial form with a view
. I * to ultimate statehood.
2. Elective for life.
f| 3. I do.
4. Fmm the proposed Territory.
5 5. To be elected by the people.
\ fi. lam not in favor of the penal con
tract labor laws.
1 I am in favor of a contract system
whereby the employers of labor may have
prot< ■ tfoij for adyam es by < :\ ii pr
7. I am In fatfor of an open-door pol
i icy— so that labor may be procured in
3 sufficient quantity to supply all planta
i tinn and other industrial requirements,
from whatever source it can be obtained.
if necessary, confining such labor to the
- Territory of Hawaii.
In my opinion, without a guaranteed
labor supplj the agricultural industries
>t be maintained on a paying basis
"In competition with the world *at large,
where lab'.r is cheaper and where trans
portation facilities are also better and
P< r.
8. Owing to racial conditions, for the
present I beli< ••>■ in a restricted form of
suffra.ee. making an educational and in
come Qualification necessary for all races.
ROBERT HALL, manager Niulii plan-,
tation.
1. Territorial.
2. Appointive of term of years.
3. I favor retention from the stand
'] point of Utility, considering their expe- ;
\ ! rience with conditions and people some- .
1 what mixed.
i ' 4. Largely from the Territory, but not
entirely.
5. Not answered.
6. I am not in favor. Have considered
• the contraci Bystem as a necessary evil.
L I desire to see a moderate and steady in
flow of labor, free or assisted, to main
■ tain an equilibrium between demand ar.d
; supply.
. 7. I consider it necessary that the United
States Government should permit assisted;
1 passages, and allow the privilege of get
' ting in desirable and necessary labor from
1 several sources.
'. i I think it is not disputed that the labor !
problem is a vital one in this country. '
•■ with but little resident labor, and that ir
i regular.
i Tlu- Japanese come to make money and
' to return to their homes, and there is a
• steady outgo.
&. Not answered.
HENRY SMITH. Hawaiian-born; law
yer and Chief Clerk of the Judiciary .
Department, Honolulu.
1. Territorial.
2. To avoid experiencing serious effects '
which a radical change might produce, on j
account of our peculiar conditions, cus- j
toms and usages, I favor the appointment j
(not election) of the Judges of the Su- |
preme and Circuit courts, subject to the j
Senate: Supreme Court Judges to be for i
life, and Circuit Court Judges to be for a
term of years.
3. res.
A. The President's hands should be free j
to appoint whomsoever he pleases for
Governor. As to the appointment of some
other officers, I would favor their being ]
nominated by an advisory council com- i
posed of residents of the Territory, coun- |
cilors to be appointed one-third by the |
Governor, one-third by the Senate and j
onc-Uiird by the House of Represent- j
atlves.
D. This question is covered by my an- '
SWer to the last question.
6. Am not in favor of retaining penal
clause to labor contracts. The other por- |
tion of this question is left to those fa- !
miliar with the subject.
7. Not answered.
s. 1 favor universal suffrage, but to be !
exercised only by those who have resided I
within the Territory a certain number of
years.
FREDERICK W. HANKEY, lawyer,
Honolulu.
1. Territorial, and by Territorial I
mean a form of government such as
has been given the Territories upon
the "mainland." There should be county
j and municipal organizations in accord
i a nee with the systems in vogue there.
! The inherent qualifications of the people
are surely equal to divisional self-govern
ment. The paternalism of central gov
, ernment. such as exists now, should be
disrupted, and counties, cities and towns
create. l.
2. Appointive for a term of years not
to exceed six: possibly elective -after the
HON. P. C. JONES.
people have become habituated to the ex
t-rvise of the franchise.
Assuming universal suffrage the masses-
I are not apt to regard the selection of the
i judiciary with the importance needful,
since independent thought will be slow
to those who have not thought before.
If there be restricted franchise, the
choice would lie with "property" as op
: posed to the people.
i 3. No. The interpretation of the law
i depends largely upon mental predisposi
. tion. The extension of American judicial
: authority and principles requires Intel
lectuality and temperament broad as the
i fundamental and basic Structure "f
! American law.
| 4. Federal officers should be appointed j
from th<= mainland or from among per
sons resident, of known high regard for
American Institutions, including the con
stitution of the Tnited States.
I'rimarily, those to whom is intrusted
the execution and expounding of Federal
laws should be In sympathy with and
hold undoubted allegiance to them.
Officers not Federal, fr< m n aidents.
5. Appointed by the Governor in the
first Instance, with provision for election
of successors.
tS. No. Capital protects itself. The
most engrossing problem of the age 13
how labor shall
be protected —
hi • alone from
motives of jus
i i c< . liui t o
solve a ques
tion vital to
the endur
of free govern-
Penal
Contract Laws Are
Disgraceful.
ment.
Wipe out thp disgraceful statutory laws
called "penal contract laws." The
should have no place in the laws of
American territory.
7 This is scarcely within my province,
but I think free white labor can I
cured and that proper wages can be paid
and the stock companies still avoid bank
ruptcy.
The climatic conditions do not seem, to
me unfavorable.
R. All Hawaiians proper should be giv
en suffrage unconditionally. Asiatics,
whether imported or born here, should
7 REV. SERENO E. BISHOP. J
never be given that privilege under any
cirrumstances.
The native Hawaiian is entitled to it
and worthy of it.
HON. PAUL R. ISENBERG, rancher,
Oahu.
1. A Territorial form of government.
2. The Supreme Court to be ap
pointed by the President of the
United States for life.
The Circuit Court to be elective for four
years.
3. 1 favor the retention of the Judges or
the present Supreme Court, the others to
be elected by the people.
4. To be elected from residents of the
proposed Territory.
5 Officers to be elected by the people.
6. I am in favor of retaining the penal
contract labor laws.
If proper wages are paid 1 think we can
get all the labor we want.
" 7. Not answered.
GEORGE A. DAVIS, lawyer. Honolulu.
1. A Territorial form of govern
ment with such concessions as Con
prfss is willing to make and as our
condition and status warrant. We
should have a Representative In Congress
and a Senator if possible and within the
power of Congress. A Territorial Legis
lature of fifteen members— one house ia
all we n.-fd— together with a Governor
and Executive Council of five. Honolulu
and Hilo are entitled to have a Mayor
and Board of Aldermen.
2. The Judges of the Supreme Court
should be appointed by the Governor of
the Territory for life, and the Circuit
Judges for three years by the Governor.
3. a court of last resort should be com
posed of able and impartial men, whose
opinions should be founded upon the law
and the evidence as presented, and they
should be able to recognize that the con
ditions of this country have changed. The
present occupants are unable to see this.
A change is desirable and especially so
on the ground that on the formation of a
new Territory all should be given equal
rights in the matter of selection for of
fice.
4. They should be selected from the peo
ple of the Territory.
5. The principal officers, Judges, Chief
Sheriff, etc., should be appointed by the
G<>\ t i nor.
6. As long as Asiatic labor is imported
and employed the penal clause is the only
protection that
capital has and
it should stand.
If white labor
can be employ
ed and do the
work on the
plantations the
clause must be
Whites
Cannot Work in
the Fields.
I
■ repealed. I
must confess that I fear that the work
in the caneftelds cannot be performed by
white laborers. The business interests of
the country must be protected. Congress
should give the planters time in the mat
ter of the penal clause as to Asiatic labor
ers and the penal clause. Corporal pun
ishment should be done away with, and
any manager who allows it on the plan
tations should be prosecuted.
7. I would like to see the negroes of the
South sent here in large numbers. They
can do the work and will make good citi
zens if treated properly.
8. A restricted franchise c. g. taxed on
$400 income or real or personal property
or both to the extent of $400 and the fur
ther qualification that the voter should
be able to read and write the English
language.
CEORGE P. ANDREWS, M. D., Hon
olulu.
1. The one which will come to us
with annexation. Of course I should
prefer statehood, but Territorial rights
will do for the present. If we could have
maintained our independence under the
present regime it would have been most
I desirable, but the danger of foreign in
| tervention was too imminent The mon
archy had outlived its day, and its con
tinuance was an invitation to corruption
and turmoil.
2. I think both should be elective, and
I rather favor a long term of years.
3. No answer given.
4. I think the most satisfactory and
useful selection can be made from resi
dents of the Territory.
5. Elected.
6. I do not favor penal contracts, and I
do not see why the general laws that
govern contracts cannot be applied to
these.
7. No answer given. '
1 8. I would have an educational restric-A
tl r °£ to the franchise, and under that ac
cept ail Hawaiian-born citizens, irrespec
tive of race.
HON. W. R. CASTLE. lawyer-Has held
the highest political offices at home
and abroad.
1. A modified form of Territorial
government suited to the people and con
ditions existing here. It is not necessary
that a form which is best for Alaska or
N- w Mexico should be put in operation
here. Conditions in Utah required some
thing different from Dakota; Congress
pave it.
2. Appointive in both cases, and if not
for *ife certainly for long terms, say fif
teen to twenty years, or during good be
havior.
I. I do. It is my belief that any radi
cal charge here at once will, to say the
least, result in considerable embarrass
ment.
4. Generally speaking I believe the best
results will be obtained by putting local
offices in charge and pine of persons
familiar with conditions here. But this
T.eed not apply to customs and postal of
fice?, for with the change to those sys
tems they might well be administered best
by those familiar with the systems—cer
tainly with the head* of bureaus, not ne
ctssarily so with subordinate positions.
5. While generally favoring appointive
offices, yet I am inclined to believe that
in some instances the people may with
©-♦_,«> _♦_ a, -♦_ *.. _♦- ,£> -♦- *>- ♦- •*• -♦- •♦ - -♦- ©
HON. Vf. R. CASTLE.
Ph »to by TaJ
advantage have a voice In such govern
ment by electing son officers— such as
Deputy "Sheriffs, police, etc.
6. I am now and for twenty years
have been opposed to penal labor con
tracts. I believe the system is degrading
alike to laborers and employers. I be
lieve that if the present labor laws are
not unconstitutional, and it is not at all
certain that they are. In view of some
decisions cf the United States courts, ex
isting contracts should be allowed to ex
pire, but no new ones to be entered into.
But I have no sympathy with the out
rageous falsehoods set In motion by some
walking delegates or others in San Fran
cisco which have resulted as they prob
ably desired in preventing some hundreds
of "Italians from bettering their condi
tions.
7. Pretty big subject. But I am firmly
convinced that we can by proper effort
ar.d the right in
_______________^_ diK'f-ments in
. uucements in- i
I troduce a large
number of n?ri
! cultural labor
ers and farmers
' who can and
j will cultivate
- all the cane ;
r* e*nAct\ f..r the
Estates
May Be in
Danger.
sugar mills, who will then share the
profits. It may be necessary to compel
breaking up some big: estates, but that
will benefit the country and the sooner
the problem is faced the better.
S. The elective franchise ought to go
with fur-ess. Prisons, ponrhouses, insane
asylums anil other institutions do not
eoVern themselves. In the same way the
State cbpht not to be controlled by those
.... govern. Let the elective fran
chise go with education and income de
rived from honest labor or other lawful
source. A gambler should not vote. Give
native-born Hawaiians. the franchise on
the exact terms the white man pets it.
with the exception in his favor ol knowl
edge of tne Hawaiian language in place
of English for this generation. So with
Asiatics. Let the vote go with merit and
education on American lines.
HON. W. N. ARMSTRONG, editor Pa
cific Commercial Advertiser, ex-At
torney General and ex-Labor Com
missioner.
1. a Territorial government in the
nature of an English crown colony, but
with no discriminating tariff laws.
2. Appointment for a term of two years.
3. \-
Z From the Territory.
5. Appointed by the Governor.
6. No.
No suggestiop. .
7 The offering of contracts for the rais
ing of cane and the giving of fee simple
homes to laborers, with some restrictions.
8. Restrictive franchise.
Allowed to vote when qualified by edu
cation. ._
WALLACE R. FARRINGTON. editor
11' Evening Bulletin. Honolulu.
If L A Territorial organization that
" shall eventually result in statehood.
2. Appointive and for a term of years.
'i' see no reason why the present judi
ciary should have any stronger claim upon
their office than any other official.
4 I believe in the appointment of hon
eat earnest, broad-minded Americans to
omce. l n<i\ o
no sympathy
with thy ••car
pct-bagger" cry
offered by pome
f.ff,.-!;!!.' in Ha
wail against
i : rived
Americans. A
«t » riirisr Ameri-
I Appoint
Americans to
Office.
can character reared In California does
not low its worth by moving to New
York The much (locally) condemned
••offl%-»eek. r about Washington If a
no mon Belf-seeWn« < >r mor * narrow
minded individual than the "office-seeker
about Honolulu." Federal appointees
shouli be men in whose loyal Ameri
caniVm the President has perfect conft
d^ nC vil local department official* should !
certainly be appointed by the Governor, !
whoiS directly responsible to the Presi
dent of the United States. Municipal of
ficers might well be elective. These with .
the elected members to the Legls ature i
will give the people practical direction of I
their local affairs.
Thf I best* protection I can suggest is the '
ins 'ssssss^ strict enforcement .
of The constitution of the United States
and American labor laws.
Since our nation has settled the question
of human slavery at a cost of millions
of dollars and thousands of live» H iii
becomes any citizen of Hawaii to request
a reconsideration of the problem. A pur
chase the value of which depends upon
penal contract labor laws should be
promptly confiscated like any other con
traband American goods.
7. Sugar production is the only indus
try possibly threatened by insufficient la
bor. It has yet to be proved that the In
stitution of the profit-sharing system will
not solve this problem.
8. Every American citizen who can read
and write the English language should
have the right to vote. I would deal with
the native-born Hawaiian as with the na
tive-born American.
EDMUND NORRIE, editor Independ
ent, Honolulu.
1. A colonial government similar to
that of New Zealand or the Danish
West Indies.
2. Both appointive. The Supreme Court
for life, the Circuit Court for a term of
years. Both subject to removal by im
peachment for misconduct.
3. The present Judges of the Supreme
Court should be retained in office. They
are learned jurists and familiar with the
peculiar conditions«of the islands. Their
decisions have always been fair and just.
Where miscarriage of justice has taken
place it has been owing to the verdicts
of juries, over which the presiding Judge
had no control. The personnel of the
Circuit Courts could in some instances
l>e greatly improved. Any honest and
able attomey-at-law can fill the office of
Judge of a Circuit Court.
4. It will always be best to appoint offi
cers frr>m the (proposed) Territory, but f f
it is the wish to conciliate the Hawaiians
the men who took the most active and
prom ■ ■ part in the stealing of the
islands should be retired from public life.
5. If a sufficiently restricted franchise
is granted to the people officers should be
elected as in the Territories of the United
States.
6. The present labor laws are infamous
and should be repealed at once. When
employers of labor will l ■• satisfied with
reasonable interest on their, invested capi
tal and pay proper wages their invest
ments will be amply protected.
7. All necessary labor can be obtained
as soon as fair i
wages are of- |
fered and the j
words "cheap j
labor" stricken
from the plant- ■
ens' dictionary.
8. The fran
chisei should be •!
I Fair Wages
Will Bring
Labor.
■feted for a !
term of year? at least. A sufficiently high
property and educational qualification i
should b» exnote<i before the right to vote (
is granted. This will be necessary to pre- |
vent the future government from boing i
controlled by any one class or nationality, i
All m- n born of Hawaiian mothers should [
become citizens of the United States, ir- •
respective of the nationality of the father. ;
All aliens other than Americans born in ;
Hawaii should remain aliens until com
plying with the law.- of citizenship of the
United States in the usual manner.
117 B. EDINGS,'? lawyer, Honolulu.
IV 1. Territorial.
II 2. Appointive and for life.
I " •3. Yes.
! 4. From the Territory.
! - The statutes of the United States pro- \
I vide for this if a Territorial Government
i is allowed.
6. Yes.
7 No
8." A restricted suffrage should be grant
ed. Native-born Hawaiian.-s should vote
: if qualified.
JAMES T. COPELAND, master build
er. Honolulu.
1. A Territorial form of government
for the present.
2. As nearly the same as on the
! mainland as practicable.
3. Retain the judiciary for the present
until the changes can be brought about
as per answer to Question 2.
4 The Governor appointed by the
President of the United States ma
resident of the islands (if practicable);
other officers elected by the voters of the
Islands or Territory.
5. Answered in answer to Question 4.
6. Emphatically no.
Would suggest a limited time in which
: to do away with the present contract
labor laws." thereby giving the planters
an opportunity to adapt their business,
corps of laborers, etc.. to the new laws.
Think two years' time would be amply
=uflicient to effect the change entire.
.: 7 The problem I think would solve it
self after the change in the law is ef
fected as suggested in answer to query
■■i S." Would recommend a restricted suf
, frage for the present.
The native-born Hawaiian (of the Ha- :
waiian race) should, I think, be allowed
: more liberality In the restriction than any
other class of voters.
FRED H. HAYSELDEX. stock raiser,
/ Lauai.
1. A form similar to that of the Aus
tralasian colonies, with absolute free
trade with the mainland and a moder
ate tariff on all goods front foreign coun- j
2. They should both be elective and for
a term of years.
3 I think their chances of being elected !
to their present positions would be rather j
M n I should consider it best to have half
of them from the mainland and half from
Hawaii nei.
f
J HON. PAUL R. ISENBERG. *
Photo by Taber.
1 9 + ._ _♦_<..-♦ <♦,-•-■«■-•- <?■-♦- <s>-♦■#■-•••-#
5 They should be elected by the people.
6 I am in favor of a contract labor law
without the penal clause, and would sug
tre'st that a percentage of w»iges of laborers
be retained to reimburse the employer for
' any loss owing to failure or laborer to ful
i fill" contract, the matter to be decided
i through the courts or by a special com
mittee appointed under the law.
1 7 None I think we shall have to de
pend upon Chinese, Japanese and Portu
guese as heretofore. I do not think white
. men (no disrespect Intended to the Portu-
I guese) can or will -do the necessary field I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
work on the plantations, and if they could
the cost would be too high to the plant
ers.
S. Universal suffrage.
To all Hawaliana and to all born in Ha
waii and to all foreigners (excepting Chi
nese and Japanese) who were here pre
vious to the granting: of our new form of
government.
HON. H. M WHITNEY, editor Plant
ers' Monthly. Honolulu.
1. A Territorial form of govern
ment.
2. During the present transition or Ter
ritorial period the Judges should be ap
pointed—and they should be men familiar
With the local customs and conditions,
particularly as relates to Hawaiian rights
and customs, i. c.. the native race, whi
should be regarded as wards of the Gov
ernment and dealt with as such as long
as they last.
3. As stated on the preceding page, the
customs and rights of native Ila-.vaiiir.s
should be a prime factor in selecting the
Judges. For this reason the present
Judges are probably better qualified than
any strangers that could be selected. The
men in office are no doubt better qualified
for the service than any new men could
be.
4. Yes, provided that th«»y have given
satisfaction and are in all respects pos
sessed of the requisite qualifications.
5. For the present I should prefer ap
pointment by the Governor.
6. 1 have always preferred free labor
when obtainable. Whether this is practi
cable or not in our isolated position re
mains to be seen hereafter.
7 If flio enmo
method ol
ng labor
from Europe is
wed i" us ;.s
i? the custom
in the United
States I w
on why
th< r. should be
I Looking to
the Philippines
for Labor.
any scarcity of labor in future from Japan
or" the Philippines. This latter country
may soon be the open door for us in this
respect.
B. The franchise should not be permitted
to any one who cannot read, write and
speak the English language. A strict ad
herence to this rule should be enforced in
Hawaii. Any man or woman who can
show this qualification may safely be
trusted with the honor.
JOSEPH M. POEPOE, Hawaiian born.
Lawyer and editor Kuokoa.
L The highest government that the
I constitution of the United States can
v ' give, and 1 bclieA-e that is a State.
2. Judges of both courts— Supreme and
Circuit— should be elected by the people;
and for the Judges of the Supreme Court
to hold office for ten years and Judges
of the Circuit Court to hold office for
rive years.
3. The incumbents of both the Su
preme and Circuit courts are now crea
tures of the President of the United
State?, and therefore the will of th*>
President should be consulted upon this
point: but I may say that I am in favor
of retaining- them in their offices until
removed by the President of the United
States or by act of Congress.
4. It is to' the best interests of Hawaii—
HON. H. M. WHITNEY.
Photo by Taber.
more especially the Hawaiians— that our
Iocs! officers
more particu
lar!.- heads ol
bureaus, be
elected by the
people; and
they musi i
rr-sid fn t s of
Hawaii and cit
izens of the
People
Should Elect Local
Officers.-
United State?.
6. I think my answer to Question 4
covers this question, but I may add that
all officers others than the heads of bu
reaus should be appointed by those heads
rt bureaus.
( To repeal the penal contract labor
laws means ruin to very many of our new
plantations. Labor laws now in force in
Hawaii can be modified by our local Leg
islature so as to give them a better work-
Ing force upon the laborers without re
sorting to penal servitude.
7. <!■■::;> labor has been the "main
stay" of Our plantations. If our planta
tions can obtain cheap laborers from the
United States or Europe, get them, or
<•!*<■ they cannot escape curing such
labor from a place other than the United
States or Europe.
S. Franchise should he based on educa
tion. Native-born Hawaiians, whether
of the native or Asiatic races, are native
Hawaiians; if they are educated here or
abroad, and such education has been In
English, they must have the franchise.
08. EMERSON. M. D., Hawaiian
born, Honolulu.
1. I think a Territorial form of
government, administered by a
Governor with the assistance of a Legis
lature elected by the people, is the Gov
ernment best suited to the Hawaiian
Islands.
2. In my opinion the judiciary. includ
ing both the Supreme and Circuit courts,
should be appointed for life — or good be
havior.
3. I would favor the retention in office
of the present judiciary, also that all new
appointees to the judiciary should be se
lected from among the legal fraternity
resident here.
4. I have no hesitation in saying that in
the event of the establishment of a Terri
torial form of government the best inter
ests of the country would be served by
the appointment to office of men selected
from among the residents of the new Ter
ritory.
5. I think in general that all officers of
the Territory should be appointed by the
Governor.
6. It seems to me that the penal element
in our contract laws had better be
abolished. I believe that the observance
on the par* fit tfje employer of. strict .
Justice and kindness toward the employe,
the avoidance of the system of "ad
vances." and not permitting the employes
to go into debt will be of service In de
fending the interests of the employer.
7. 1 believe that the system of profit
sharing has in it elements of equity which
make it desirable that it should be used
as an inducement to the coming in of the
better class of laborers into our planta
tions.
Every effort should be made to adapt
our methods to the employment of a class
of intelligent laborers and profit-sharers
on our plantations. It would be a great
pain •■!■ the part of the employer if all
those interested in the employment of la
bor in this country were to enter Into an
agreement with each other by which those
laborers who broke contracts or other
wise soueht to defraud their employers
wore denied employment on other planta
tions until such time as they had satisfied
all just claims against them.
S. The fran-
emse snouia in
the future, as in
The ]';,ST.
strlcted by ••du
cational and
perhaps |
■
tions. I would
cram the fran-
IHow to
Restrict the
Franchise.
nip» to the native Hawaiian on substan
ally the same terms as he has lately en
>yed it, including under that head itll
arsons born in ■ the eountrv of mK-«i
BRUCE CARTWRIGHT.
Photo hy Taber.
T . ■
*-% j
parentage, ore of whose parents was
either native Hawaiian or of such a class
as is admitted to the suffrage.
nOLONEL \V. F. ALLEN, business
COLONEL F. AI.I.EN, business
Honolulu.
I ( 1. Territorial, with conditions recom- i
mended by the Commissioners.
2. Both appointive and for life, pub- i
ject to impeachment.
3. Yes, from the standpoint of utility, as
they are familiar with the old customs of j
the Hawaiian? and would have more of |
their confidence than new men could.
4. Should be selected from residents of
the proposed Territory, of some length of
residency.
5. Appointed by the Governor. Keep all j
off].'- possible out of politics.
6. No. From the experiments that are '
heine tried it would seem as if the co
operative plan for the laborer, to be in
terested in the success of his labor, would
in a measure help to solve the question.
T. Not answered.
8. Certainly not universal. There should ;
be both educational and property qualifl- j
cations, fully as strong as those now in j
the Hawaiian constitution. All native I
born males of any race should be allowed
the franchise under the above terms.
BRUCE CARTWRIGHT, general insur
ance agent; Honolulu. Hawaiian born. j
1. Territorial form of government.
'1. The Supreme and Circuit Court
Judges should be appointed, and for
life. I believe also in the appointment
of a Judge who shall, with a sufficient
clerical 'staff, have jurisdiction over ad- j
miralty, equity and probate matters. I
think that the business of this department
should be transacted daily and with dis- ,
patch. District magistrates in my opinion •
should be elected.
3. 1 do.
•4. From residents of the proposed Ter- i
ritory.
5. Elected by the people. In my opinion
all officials should be salaried, and should i
not h§» nprmlL I
to receive
■: perquisites, per-
I c(n tagca or
I commissions.
6. 1 believe in
I I contract labor
I laws, without
the penal clause.
1 .'•:.•■ believe
in vagrancy laws and in their strict en
forcement.
7. I have every confidence in the wisdom
and ability of ihe members of the Plant
ers' Labor and Supply Company, and be
lieve them able to cope with the labor
question intellipently.
S. The same suffrage rights that attach
to American citizens on the mainland
should, in my opinion, now prevail here.
I No
Perquisites or
Commissions.
HON. A. V. OEAR, member of the Leg
islature. Honolulu.
1. A Territorial form of government
for the present, with the prospect of
. aa soon as the island p i\m
lation becomes sufficiently Americanised.
2. I believe that the judiciary should be j
appointive, and that the appointments ■
should be for a term of years, and not for
life; appointive because I fear that polit
ical campaigns are not likely to produce
the best qualified Judges; and for a term
of years because Judges appointed for life
cling to tneir offices long after sickness
and old age render them incompetent; and
further, because I believe that life ap
pointments tend to render the Judges len
careful in preparing decisions based on
law and justice.
3 I believe that a judiciary which has
been so long accustomed to render deci
sion? based in part on the "peculiar con
ditions of Hawaii," as evidenced in their
late decisions overruling the constitution
of the United States, which are filled with
labored and fallacious reasoning, should
not be retained in office. Decisions should
never be judicially rendered unless based
upon law and justice, no matter what '
friendly interests may be hurt thereby
4 I believe that appointed officers should \
be filled from residents of the islands,
with the possible exception of the Federal i
Judge, who might well be selected from
the mainland, as he should be thoroughly
conversant with American laws, and one '
whose interests are not interwoven with '■
those of Hawaiian capitalists either com- j
mercially or otherwise. _
5 I should prefer that the other officers j
be appointed until such a time as the I
islands become thoroughly Americanized.
6 No. I am not In favor of retaining the
penal contract-labor laws, and I consider '
that they were doc e away with, wfcea tfce
HEREWITH IS PRESENTED A
SUMMARY OF THE VIEWS ENTERTAINED.
\TINETY per cent of those intcniezved believe a Territorial form of government the most suit
able for the islands.
Only three favor the colonial plan, while one oilier is of the opinion that the monarchy
should be restored.
The appointment by the President of the United States of the members of the judiciary is
favored by a large majority.
There is but little opposition to the retention in ofh.ee of the present judiciary.
The consensus of opinion as regards the officers for the proposed Territory to be 'appointed
by the President is that they should be selected from among the residents of the islands.
There is a division of opinion as to whether the other officers for tlie Territory should be
appointed by the Governor or elected by the people.
A large majority emphatically declares wi favor of the repeal of the penal contract labor
lazes.
Numerous suggestions arc offered regarding the solution of the vexatious labor problem.
The granting of the franchise to all native-born and naturalised citizens of the Territory is
favored by most of the Hawaiians. Some think the franchise should be restricted by educational
or brobertx Qualifications.
American flag was raised here, notwith
standing the decisions of the Supreme
Court to the contrary.
I believe that the employers of labor
should look to their own protection in
their investments, and that with proper
treatment of their laborers there will b*»
no serious difficulties in the labor market.
7. i 'ariital will
command labor,
and the prob
lem of procuring
sufficient labor
for the needs
Of our atrricult
ural industries
is not a difficult
I Treat
the Laborer
Properly.
one it la ■ • -
are properly treated and sufficiently paid.
v ! I- Hi ye in a universal Buffrage basted
upon an educational qualification of being
able to read and write the English lan
guage.
CH PARKER, master mechanic,
!! .-■• lulu.
1. Territorial.
• 2. Jlmj.ii elective and for term cf
ye ari\
.">. No. with perhaps one or two excep
tions.
4. Frrm both Territory and mainland.
5. X tcted by people.
6. Penal contract labor laws shouM not
be retained.
Think system of cultivating on shaie?
a good one if properly applied and fairly
i arrled out
7 Tiiink there would be nn trouble ahou:
labor In both quality and quantity If
share system were properly introduced
and carried out.
v For the present I think it would be
bad policy to pram Asiatics the franchise
under any consideration, even if natlve-
I . m as I think Asiatic domination here
Is an eventual certainty, but to be de- |
aa long as possible.
With this exception I say universal suf
frage is best with an educational test.
¥ C. QUINN, president United Carriage
Company. Honolulu.
1. A Territorial form of government
I • pure and simple. Let us have, uni
•' vc-rsal suffrage. Let every officer be
elected by the people, from the Supreme
• Sown. Owing to our small popula-
I think it impossible to t*> admitted
as a State. Of course, the Governor is
appointed by the President, but he should
be a resident of the islands of long stand
ing. We want no carpetbaggers. The
native Hawalians are just as intelligent
and capable of voting honestly and intelli
gently as the people of any State in the
2 The Supremo Court and Circuit Court
should be elected by the people for a term
of four or six years.
:>, I am not in favor of retaining the
present judiciary in office one hour longer
than is absolutely necessary.
For the good of the country they should
go
' 4 I do not think the President should
appoint any officers. Let each and every
one be elected
by the people.
Let the Gover- i
nor and the
federal officers
be appointed by
the President.
The people
here are just as
intelligent and i
All Officials
Elected by the
People.
capable of voting intelligently as in any J
JAMES W. GIRVIN.
Photo by Taber.
State In the Union. There are very few
Officers in Arizona appointed by the Presi
dent The Governor and Federal officer'
are appointed and the Judges, by the
President. All the other officers are
elected by the people.
They axe trying now to have the judi
ciary elected Just as we should have them
here. The appointing power has proved
to be a very bad one. Look at the dis
graceful proceedings Of the different State
Legislatures in electing their United
States Senators. Unless we have every
officer elected here we will always be In
turmoil.
5 I prefer to have the appointing done
bjr the President, U there is any appomt-
ing. I don t believe in the Governor hav
ing any appointing power. They are not
paid enough. But we don't want any ap
pointing done: we want every one elected.
How can we have a government of tht
people, for the people and by the people
unless we el«?t our own officers? Thai
does away with carpetbaggers and back
stairs creepers, of whom there are a good
many here.
6. It does not matter whether we are ir
favor or not of retaining the penal con
tract labor laws. Slavery was abolished
In the United States years ago. and no*
that we are part and parcel of the United
States it is impossible for slavery to exist
7. Not answered.
8. I am in favor of universal suffrage
The native Hawaiians are the most nobl*
and kind hearted people raised on th«
face of the earth. To put any restrict!.
on their voting would be worse than crim
inal. The native Hawaiians can and hav<
voted intelligently and honestly. As toi
Asiatics born in Hawaii, it does not mat
ter whether we like it or not. according t(
the constitution of the United States then
is no way to prevent them from voting.
TAMES W. GIRVIN, accountant, Hono-
I lulu. ex-Hawaiian Consul at Sar
I Diego.
• 1. Territorial. /
Not necessarily following the Terri
torial forms in the United States.
Governor and Marshal to be appointed
by the President from residents in th«
Territory.
One Representative in Congress.
All Territorial officers to be elected by
resident citizens except the Judges of the
Supreme Court, who should ho!d office for
twelve years and be appointed by a col
lege elected for that purpose. At the end
of twelve years they should be retired or
half pay.
2. The Supreme Court should be ap
pointed by a college elected by the peo
. Hold of
fice for twelve
■ years and be re
, tired on half
• pay.
The Circuit
Court should
■ also be appoint-
Judges
Appointed by a
College.
Ed by tne same
college and hold office for four years.
Nominees of the bar only should V
considered by the said college.
3. I have no objection to any one ">f
the present members of the Supreme
Court nor of the Circuit Courts. All, how
ever, should pass through the crucible of
ar. election by the college elected for the
purpose of electing Judges.
4. From residents of the Territory of
Hawaii.
if Hawaii does not contain material ad
equate from which to select officer
its own government It should be either
relegated to the state of barbarism from
which it sprung or be submerged in fifty
fathoms of water for twelve hours.
5. All officers of the Government should
be elected by the people excepting those
already mentioned. No individual can ue
entrusted with the power to appoint Gov
ernment officers. Be he ever so honest
some way will be discovered to warp his
judgment.
\\ hen the will of the people can be dis
covered it can be relied upon every time.
6. I think the system could be dispensed
with if there no longer existed a necessity
for advancing the passage money of the
laborer. An unbiased Legislature should
have the deciding as to retaining the penal
Contract law 3.
7. I consider a proffer to share the prof
its with the laborer will be inducement
sufficient t o
In lur, .ill the ii'
■ quired labor to
I the country.
■ The world i.« so
■ full of laborers
I in need of we rk
■ that good
H agents could se
.••'•: from every
nation thousands of men who could make
(food citizens and tillers of the soil. Occa
sionally the agents would be deceived,
but to no greater extent than employers
now are A diversity of people is a de
sideratum. ■ No one race should be
brought in disproportionate numbers to
others.
8. I always fee] like asking a native if
I may vote; never questioning his right to
vote. I would favor nil voting who can
read and write English or native.
ROBERT W. WILCOX. ' Hawaiian
born, surveyor and real estate agent,
Honolulu.
1. In the opinion of an American,'
a Territorial form if not a State. But
my candid opinion is a monarchial form.
99 per cent of the native population de
mand, and are supported by 90 per cent
of the whole population. The ruler
should be the most wronged and abused
Queen Liiliuokalani, even if she only
Share
Profits With the
Laborer.
I United States
■ protectorate, as
■ the Sultan of
■ the Sulu Isl
■ and* of the
■ Philippine Arch
■i p c '!!.«■• Be
■ cause the only
■ form of .V
--ernment win save the Hawaiian race. Iff
fact, to-day under the United States flap
the natives are maliciously persecuted and
their deathrate is immensely increasing.
2. The Supreme Court should he ap
pointive for a term of years, while the
Circuit Court should be elective by the
people for the same term.
3. I do not favor the retention in office
of the present judiciary for many reasons.
Liliuokalani
Should Rule
Again.
4. In the event of a Territorial form of
government, the officers to be appointed
should be selected from the residents of
the Territory.
ther officer? of the Territory
should be elected by the people.
ise it I? a slavery. The
protection for the employers of labor in
their investment is t" follow the laws of
free laborers of the T'nited States.
7. The only suggestion in my opinion
is to crt-t the American and European
laborers. And to obtain them, the plant
ers must abandon the slavery system and
improve the whole system "according to
the American system of free laborers.
8. Universal suffrage should be granted
to all tho citizens who know how to read
and wriv- the Hawaiian. English or Eu
ropean lang The native-born Ha
waiian, whether of the native or Asiatic
ired citizens, because
t re the natives of the soil who are
already wronged and abused by the
strong arms of the United States.
GILBERT F. LITTLE, lawyer, Hilo.
1. A Territorial form of government
is the only one to be considered. No
other form is consistent with the prin
ciples of the republic of the United
States, and until formulated into a State
the United States as a sovereignty has
the inherent power to govern at discretion
such Territory. That is safest and best,
and 1 therefore favor it.
2. The tenure of the local Supreme Court
and Circuit courts is governed by Con
gresa in Territories of the United States,
and for the present this system should
not be disturbed. The appointment of a
Federal Judge by the President for life
would not be objectionable.
3. I do not favor the retention of the
present judiciary for obvious reasons. A
reference to its history will convince any
one of th> •. for a change. Re
garded from a standpoint of both princi
ple and utility the slate should be washed
••ery name effaced.
4. We want a strong patriotic Ameri
canism established here at the earliest
yussiuie m o -
mem, and no
man connected
with the present
Gove m m c n t
should be re
tained in office
by United Stated
authority. Tho
Establish
A Strong
Americanism.
present crowd
of soda water statesmen are neither Re
publican, Democratic nor American. They
seem to be above instruction or sugges
tion: they despite all knowledge but th©
knowledge of conceit; they deny freedom
of thought ur action to all who are not
under their own .special guidance or con
trol. We want none of them retained in
office or reappointed, and as little as pos
sible of the present form of government
embodied in our organic act.
5. Federal officers should be appointed
by the President; Territorial officers by
the Governor, and purely local officers
elected by the people.
6. The present contract labor laws mean
when properly interpreted abject slavery.
It means under our practice that you can
am Bt and imprison a person at hard la
bor for the breach of a civil contract in
the absence of fraud, or fine a man as a
criminal in such a case. No self-respect
iner American citizen could in honor sup
port such a contract.
7. I are not an expert on the labor prob
lem, but the everyday experience of
American residents here has developed
the fact that if the planter would be will
ing to divide all profits above 33 1-3 per
<ent net on his investments with his la
borer* in the form of Increased wages tha
labor problem would instantly solve it
self.
t Universal suffrage should be granted
suhjert to the same restrictions as in the
United States Territories elsewhere. Na
tive-born Hawaiian* <<f th.- native race
should have universal suffrage. The oth
ers none.
«7 S. WISH, lawyer, Hilo.
| 1. Territorial.
2. I think the Supreme Court
• should be appointive, but for a
term ■f four to -ix rears. Circuit
Judges should be elected for two to four
years.
3. Personally I am satisfied with the
courts, but I believe it would give better
satisfaction to ha n < hanse.
4. I think the
Supreme Court
and Governor
should be ap
pointed. Other
officers should
be elected. I
am opposed
to carnet-bae-
!Is Opposed
to Carpet
Baggers.
gers on general
principles, and as far as possible the of
fices should be filled by residents.
'.. Elected.
6. 1 am not. I think in a very short
time all the plantations will lease out
their lands to growers and make contracts
with them to purchase the cane they raise.
This is a practical solution of the prob
lem. The laborers will make more money,
be better satis-fled, and not be congregated
in such lar.ce bodit-s. The owners of the
lands and mills will, in my opinion, make
as much or more money with less capital
tied up and save the major part of the an
noyance they are now subjected to.
7. When the planters lease their lands
and buy the products from the lessees I
think such lessees will have no difficulty
in procuring all the free white Portuguese,
Japanese and Chinese laborers they re
quire.
8. I am in favor of an educational quali
fication. I think every one who can read,
write and speak English 'or Hawaiian
should be permitted to vote. I am most
decidedly against, a property qualification.
910
ffiurlingame Jforte Show.
John Srace Will fud#e.
Sensational Pacing Jiace
SHOW HORSES
THE THEME OF
BURLINGAME
Second Revival of Open-Air Fete
Promises Well.
A Liberal Entry and Fr endiy Competi
tion Expected in the Various
Classes.
The soo. in.l revival of the Burlingame
try Club's open-air horse show will
Friday and Saturday on
ub grounds, Burlingame. The ex
, n last year took the place, in a
■. < previously held in
this city.
The valut shows, both to the
mfii . i : tii<- breeding "f horses
. annot he over
estlmated. They inform breeders of the
conformation,
n and mann< rs rs< s which
leave their establishments. They also in-
Lheir patrons' taste,
.. _ ■«.:•: ■ ; classes of horses
n , n who are al
■ for BUit
ones. Th show affords owners of
high-class horses an opportunity to com
:.\<- teams.
1,, • assist in a
mark!.! degree in cultivating .^ 1 taste
■ ction or suitable vehicles, use-
harness .nM an up
to-date si>!.- of (irivii!^. ' idvan
■ inijx-
■ ,i. .1.-. i : !.'.•• liorse tor ridms:
. ..::'! pleas«
liverslon.
The schooling I -" car
i high a poini oi tnent as
. n mal by
reckli 5 driv< rs.
Th people of Burlingame and its on
• from the East
pment.
persi . tto judge al irmed last
j,. ar ■ . have done
credit ■ ■ ' !ard( n show.
si i aily ad-
Khibi
ting all p-evious
aftairs in the sh
The time for nines
. .;. sday, in
■• en ;.n opportu
«i Stilwell of
harness
Bettner •■ upon
onies. while C \ Baldw . i has been
idgi the "app i tm« n1
rs of the S in Fran-
Ridinp i 'lub will be represented In
 . : • lon to the
I ■ 3 ] . . ••■ red.
Special Interest is shown in the rompe
tition among thi ladies who will drive
s, si;-. ■ i riginal d sign is offered
in this class. <>n Friday evening a hunt
ball will be held in the clubhouse. Two
ly the music alternating.
.• the progress of
the judging
The amateur horsemen many
courtesies at ; '■ s P. S Douty
I »el Monte.
As .i toki n of ai they presented
! ; In . • of valuable eul glass de
i)i a network of silver.
Ing the season a new pony racing
■ ■ \>. : h officers from
both Northern and Southern California,
ANGLERS READY FOR
SPORT ON EEL RIVER
The Annu I Piignm-.ge o J hn Butier
an I Others o the Trout btream
W Commence Soon
Th" annual pilgrimage of a larse body
of anglers to E< '■ River will commence in
rly in the present month. John
,i party which will
probablj number seventy-five men In all.
"With him ■ ■ era will be John Sal
mi. Judge Evans and John Lemmer. John
Gallagher, the veteran who fishes Eel
River annually. left on the steamer Po
mona on her last trip. Ellis Robinson
caught twenty-one fish near Singley in an
hour, six of them weighing from five to
ten pounds. The fishing is reported good
811 the way up the river to Scotia.
George Weymouth is authority for the
statement that from twenty to twenty
five hah'-pounders has been the average
daily catch.
Fish Commissioner A. T. Vogelsang
went to Verdi, Nev., last night The ob
■f his visit Is to Induce mill owners
and others to comply with the law regard
ing fish ladders. If dams are properly
equipped in thl i the Fish Com
mers will try to take the Bpawn
of rainbow trout there. J. P. Murrill
writes that the fishing at both Verdi and
Boca Is good.
President VV. D. Mansfield of the Fly
Casting Club has returned from a bust
trip to the Fast. While in Chicago
he attended a meet of th.- Fly casting
Club. At the n ■ the members he
showed bis skill, casting 125 feet This ex
ceeded the i asi of any of th>- members at
the time. Mr. Mansfield found they had
improved Bince his last visit, when he
won the American championship.
Fly fishing is at its best at Pelican Bay
just now. F. <;. Banborn and Frank Me
n arrived there on the 24th of Au
gust and put their skill to the- test next
day. Mr Banborn caught among others
a six-pounder with a tly. The fishing is
uiioi d better than at any time this
season.
AI dimming has appeared on the scene
as a rival i laimant for the championship
belt as a Btriped bass fisherman, held by
Alex Vogelsang. Mr. dimming caught a
triped !>;i*»" in Oakland e.-uuary. !!>■
claims It weighed twenty-seven and a half
pounds, as against the twenty-five
pounder caught by Mr. Vogelsang. The
fish was taken to Jules' restaurant, where
Mr. Vogelsang hastened to Inspect it. He
Insisted on its being weighed and he af
firms it tipped the beam at twenty-one
pounds. He Insists that he still retains
the championship, although he recognizes
Mr. Cummlng as a competent and an ar
<!• -I. t ;,i gler.
W. K. McFarland. in charge of the
aquarium at Mechanics' Fair, expects to
ha\ e an unusually fine display on the
opening day. Anglers and others interest
ed shoulci Bee It early, as the trout were
taken from lakes in a high altitude,
•where the water was cool, conditions
■which cannot be enjoyed here. The trout
inclu le rainbow, mykiss, brown. Loch
lytven. Eastern brook and I>i !!y Varden
from the McCloud. Fin..- specimens of
Btriped bass are also shown. These were
taken with hook and line from tUe salt
water of Oakland estuary. They were
transferred to a fresh water lake in Gold
en Gate Paik and are doing well.
Colonel Kelihor is still at Boca enjoy
ing rare sport.
W. R. McFarland is credited with the
biggest black bass of the season, hav
ing landed one weighing six pounds.
Dr. yon Hoffmann sent John Butier a
splendid five-pound Beardsley trout from
Cresoent Lake some days since.
I i.d Lees and Frank Maskey, accom
panied by their wives, leave shortly for
Eel River. They will train to Fkiah and
thence drive about 160 miles to Scotia.
Handball Entries for Sunday.
Professor Kiordan of Phil Ryan's hand
ball court at 85* Howard street has en
tered for Sunday's games some of the best
local plpyers in the city. They include
Phil Ryan, the proprietor of the court,
who with Basch. will give a decisive bat
tle to J. Dowling tend J. Lawless. This
four-hand team has been sparring for
honors for some time, and after a give
and-take sort of play they have agreed to
go in on Sunday and decide as to which
cf the two as paired are the best players.
The entries for the day are:
E. Barry and R. Regan vs. J. Kirby and T.
W H. Sleberst and W. H. Kedian vs. E. Mc-
Donough and J. R. Rockman.
D. Rodgers and M. McNeil VS. M. McDonald
and G. McDonald.
J. DowHns and J. Lawless vs. P. Ryan and
M. Ba*< h,
P. Kelly and P. Hutchinson vs. (3. Hutchin
son and M. Dillon.
J. Rloraan and M. J. Kllsrallon vs. R. Line
han and E. Maloney.
The event of the day, J. White and K. Toy
vs. J. CoUlna and M. Ala*ulro.
EAST VS. WEST
ON DEL MONTE
TENNIS COURTS
Whitman, the American Cham
pion, at the Net.
Each of the Quartet of Eastern Cracks
to Meet the Best Players
in California.
This has been the banner year for tennis
so far as California is concerned. Tne
best game ever seen on this coast was
played in the championship tournament at
San Rafael on July 4 between George
Whitney and the Hardys. r*o\v comes the
doubles championship, in which both the
Whltneys and the Hardys will appear. To
cap the climax there will be a series of
matches between the best four local rack
et wielders and the best this country has
produced— the champions of the United
States.
The interest that would otherwise be
taken in the championship doubles has
been somewhat lessened on account of the
arrival of the Eastern champions. The
tirst opportunity to compare the Eastern
with the Western game will be furnished
when George Whitney, the champion of
the Pacilic Coast, crosses rackets with M.
D. Whitman, the champion of the United i
States. Whitman is a young man, slim, ;
tall and muscular, with fast and strong
strokes. His forte is in playing a net
same. Nut having played on anything
but turf courts, he may be at a disad
vantage when hi- meets tin- local men, as |
the asphait is a quickei court than the
turf. Whitman lefl last Tuesdaj for Del
Monte and will have a week's practice to
accustom himself to the courts. George!
Whitney thinks this is quite enough. He |
says that Whitman will be so used to the
Del Monte courts that he will be thor
oughly at home at the beginning of the
tournament.
The doubles championship this year will |
result in the greatest tennis carnival that
has ever been thought of on this coast.
There will be all kinds of matches in sin
glea and doubles. Dwight Davis and Hol
comb Ward, the doubles champions of the
country, will test the Whitney and Ilar.lv
brothers in that game. Many tennis men
wh i are Interested in the outcome of these
matches will go to Del Monte Cor the
three days during the tournament. The;
entries to the championship doubles will
nol be large, but the quality will be of the j
best. At the thr<-.- big clubs— California,
Oakland and Alameda — the men are prac
ticing daily. The Whitneys are working
hard and are playing their usual good
game of doubles. The same applies to the
Hardys, who practice on tiie other side of
the bay.
This is the schedule of matches for Del
Monte. The play will begin Tuesday next
and end Saturday:
September 5, morning— Whitman vs. R. X.
Whitney; Ward vs. Sam Hardy; I>avis vs.
c Whitney; Wright vs. Bumner Hardy.
Afternooa -Ward vb. K>t..>rt X. Whitney; Davis
\>-. Bam Hardy; Wright vb. George Whitney;
Whitman \s. Sumner Hardy.
S'-ptpmber 6, morning— Davis vs. R. X. Whit
ney; Writrht VB, Sam Hardy; Whitman vs.
. F Whitney; Ward vs. Sumner Hardy.
Afternoon— Wright vs. R. X. Whitney; Whit
man vs. Sii;:; Hardy; Ward vs. George F.
Whitney; Davis vs. Sumner Hardy.
The Eastern teams will enter the tour
nament. As the Hardys are the present
champions in doubles, the only able team ]
the Easterners will meet in the tourna
ment are the Whitneys. The ath of Sep
tember will be given over to exhibition
matches.
ROWING CLUBS GREET
RETURING COMRADES
Crew of Aiameda Oarsmen Beats South
Ends in a Race at Guam — Gos
sip of th ,■ Scu.lers.
When the Pacific Coast Rowing Associa
tion of Amateur Oarsmen was organized
on August 24 at Astoria the presidency
was offered to S. J. Pembroke of the Aia
meda Boat Club. As it was his opinion
that the office should be held by an As
torian it was conferred on G. C. Fulton of
the Astoria Rowing Club. Secretary Har
rison Alien and Treasurer E. C. Hughes
are also Astorians. The board of directors
includes S. J. Pembroke. Dr. C. C. Dennis,
W. C. Espy. A. P. Rothkopf. John it.
Bockman, George James and James Hop
per, all of whom are members of the re
gatta committee of the Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic I'nion. The
management of the local regattas will re
main, as heretofore, in the hands of the
local regatta committee, while th local
directors of the new association will ar
range what oarsmen will K'J to the As
toria regatta each year. T'ntil. however,
shell rowing becomes general among the
boat clubs here there cannot be much
real competition between San Francisco
oarsmen and the northerners.
A meeting of the regatta committee of
the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union was held last night in this
city, at which the coming cnampionship
regatta was discussed.
'i'he Alameda Boat Club now has a
junior barge crew, composed of Edwin
Thornlng. dow; Charles Hague, No. 2;
Tom Hainan, No. 3. and Harry Nelson,
stroke. At the last meeting H. H. Hum
mel was elected a member of the club.
Charles Hague was chosen financial secre
tary in the place of J. C. Stamer, resigned
on account of absence in the northern
part of the State. The following members
of the First California Volunteers, re
cently returned from Manila, are also
members of the Alameda Boat Club: D.
F. de Bernard!. J. G. Hawkes, Otto Meyer,
B. H. Hawkes and G. I. Marston. A large
number of members of the Alameda Boat
Club will take part in the parade in honor
of the returned volunteers. Two barges
will be placed on a float, and it has been
suggested that President Charles Smith
should represent Father Neptune.
Just before the departure of the Ala
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1399.
% Gvente in the 11/orlct of Sport %
KINGS OF THE PACERS TO MEET IN A SPECIAL RACE.
THE finest trotting-horse track in the world, that of the Empire City Trotting Club, in Westchestrr County. N. T.,
will be thrown open to the public on Monday. The sum of jfiOO^OOO has been expended on the property, while the
purses for the first week's racing aggregate $55,000. For this money the greatest harness horses in the world will face
the starter. In the free-for-all, for which $4000 is off. Ted. the starters will be the four pacing kings: Star Pointer,
1:":< U. John R. Gentry, 2:00%; .1".- Patchen, 2:01%, end Bearchlight, 2:O:fV2- This is expected to prove the most notable
race of the year. The track is a miie circuit. 1M feet wide, and a field of twenty horses may be driven around its
:urns without danger or inconvenience. The stands seat 7500 people, while there is stabling for 400 horses. The expend
ture of so large a sum of money shows great faith in the future of the trotting-horge interests, as the track has been
built especially for that class.
meda senior barge crew for Astoria let
ters addressed to each member of the
irrew were received from the registration
rommibsioners of the Pacific Association
■ I the Amateur Athletic I'nion. in which
the crew was censured for the use of
abusive language at the regatta held on
the city water front on July 8), A letter
was also addressed to the club, which
was asked to censure the members of the
senior crew fur their conduct The charge
of the use of abusive language was made
by J. K. HnckmHii. who was referee at the
regatta. It was referred to the registra
tion commissioners, A. P. Kothkopf, H. A.
Wldemann and George Janus. The Ala
medans Intend to reply, and ask that they
be Invited to Bend representatives to any
meeting at which charges may be pre
ferred against any of their members or
crrtvs. They say that they do not ap
prove of proceedings at which no evidence
Is heard, and at which the accused have
no opportunity to answer.
D. J. Sheehan and T. Harney of the
Ariels and K. Sullivan, F. W. Woernner
and \V. O. Patch of the Dolphins have re
cently returned from a trip up the Sac
ramento River and Napa Creek In the
Corinthian yacht Rover. The Dolphins
will attend the "Night in Venice" at
Tiburon, and will endeavor to win the
prive offered for the best illuminated row-
The regatta and water carnival which
it was proposed to hold on Lake Bohemia,
near Guerneville, on Sunday, September
boat.
17 has been abandoned for this year.
Several members of the Pioneer Rowing
Club went out in the barges Grizzly and
Pioneer and in the yawl to greet the vol
unteers on the transport Sherman, among
whom was R. Collopy. a Pioneer oarsman.
A reception in his honor will be given
later. _
RACES FOR THE WHEELMEN.
The annual members' meeting of the
Bay City Wheelmen was held last even
ing at the clubhouse on Golden Gate ave
nue. The reports of the officers and vari
ous committee chairmen showed that the
club has had a prosperous year and is
to-day in a better condition financially
than it has been for five years past. The
reading of the reports aroused consider
able enthusiasm, and President Emil F.
Fahrbach was warmly commended for his
splendid management of the club during
the past year. The election of directors
will be held in a week. It seems probable
that netrly all the old board will be re
turned to office.
The regular monthly meeting of the As
sociated Cycling Clubs will be held this
evening at "room 5G2 Parrott building. The
proposed fifty-mile track relay race to be
held on September 24. also the annual
Uventy-mile race of September 17, will be
discussed.
The Bay City Wheelmen s postponed
run to the Salazar ranch at Mission San
Jose will be held to-morrow. Members
will take the 8 a. m. broad gauge boat.
Those going by train take the 8:30 boat
and train to Irvington. Arthur Lund
berg, an old member of the club, who has
iust returned from the Philippines with
the First Californias. will attend the run.
together with a number of men from the
Colorado volunteers, who are members of
tin- Denver Wheel Club.
Wilbur J. Edwards of the Garden City
Wheelmen, who at one time held the
wmld's mile record, straightaway, of
1:34 2-5, recently suffered a severe injury
to his eyesight through the use of an acid
lotion intended to soothe poison oak, and
the doctors express fears that he may
never recover his full sight again.
N. C. Babin of the Bay City Wheelmen
will hereafter ride en tandem. The cere
mony of his marriage to Miss Bessie Stan
ford, one of the belles of local society,
will take place on Tuesday evening, Sep
tember 5. at St. Stephen's Church. They
have the best wishes of a multitude of
friends.
Neck Broken by a Fall.
SANTA CRX'Z, Sept. I.— Albert McGar
rany fell from a wagon loaded with wood
in Scott's Valley this afternoon. He
struck on his head, and his neck was
broken.
A RICH STAKE
ATTRACTS THE
COURSING MEN
Promising Greyhounds to Go to
the Slips To-Day.
John Grace, the Judge, Will Be in
the Sadd c at Union Park
for the First Time.
The long'-looked-for return of John
Grace to active participation in coursing
will take place this afternoon at Union
Park. The veteran judge will be in the
saddle, while James Grace will handle the
slips. The judge will be clad in conven
tional attire, not the scarlet coat and
white cord breeches which marked the
(light of his predecessor across the field.
The great Produce stake to be run' ;it
Union Park next Saturday and Sunday
is one of the- big events of the year in
coursing. It is worth $250 to the winner,
the totai stake being $1200. Puppies
whelped since January 2, 1898, are eligibl"
and many smart youngsters will go to the
slips. Kussell Allen & Wilson have a
dashing quartet of the Clairs, including
the great Rosie Clair. Master Clair. Belle
Clair and Daisy t'lair. D. J. Healey wit!
be represented by Lady Clare and Gren
ada. His For Glory is a few days too
old or she would be a factor in the run
ning. J. II Rosseter will start h!s phe
nomenal youngster, Recording Angel, but
she is giving away su much in the matter
of age that her chances of getting into
the final seem remote.
Douglas Erskine will be represented by
his clever youngster. Lavender, upon
which he has built high hopes. Bahe
will sport the colors of John Perigo, while
Curtis & Sons of San Jose will make a
bid for the valuable stake with Vulcan.
Sixty-eight owners have paid their sec
ond nomination, which insures a sixty
four dog stake. Many dogs have been
reserved for this stake, for which they
are getting a special preparation. An
open stake, limited to sixty-four entries,
will be run the same day.
This will be the last Produce stake, as
next year it will assume the form of a
futurity. The entries must be named
before the dogs are thirty days old. Three
hundred entries have been received al
ready. This number may be doubled, as
then- are many Sitters whelped last month
and this month yet to be heard from.
E. J. Bull, the" retiring Judge at rnion
Park, will be banqueted to-night by the
directorate. The arrangements are in the
hands of Nat Halton. who has promised
his associati s something elaborate.
Joe Halton will have the unbeaten For
Freedom at Union Park to-morrow. If
opportunity presents itself the great Eng
lish do« will be run in a bye.
The management of Union Park has an
nounced another reserve stake for next
Wednesday.
James Hurley has lost his puppy. Pat
Horgan, which he valued at $500. He
contracted pneumonia and died. He wan
by Van Knapp— Just. Eclipsed and was a
promisfng youngster.
John ISgan's dog. Fin McCool, of which
great things were expected in the. Prod
uce stake, had a leg broken recently.
The management of Ingleside Park will
take advantage of Monday being a holi
day and will promote a day's coursing.
An open stake will be the attraction. The
draw will be held to-night at Pythian
Castle.
Terry Butler's Susie will be a contender
at Ingleside this afternoon, after an ex
tended let-up.
FOR A SPECIALTY SHOW.
The Pacific Mastifl Club held a well
attended meeting on Thursday evening
The main topic of discussion was the in
vitation of the Pacific Fox-terrier Club to
co-operate in holding a joint specialty
show. The Pacific Mastiff Club is the first
to respond to the invitation. The club
has imminated a. committee of two— J. P.
Norman and \V. H. Dick— as representa
tives at the forthcoming convention of
specialty clubs. A resolution was also
passed approving the proposed changes of
the American Kennel Club in the winners'
classes. The delegate of the Mastiff Club
Seabury C. Mastick of New York, has
been instructed to support the amend
ments at the meeting of the American
Kennel Club. If. these changes are adopt -
ed San Francisco will rank with New-
York as a five-point show. With ten
points necessary for a championship, two
wins In San Francisco wiil enable the
proud owner of a dog to prefix the title
of champion to his canine's name.
According to the proposed new rule.
each show will be rated on the minimum
basis of the number of dogs shown in the
previous year, and if Jhe show has an in
creased entry to warrant it, it will move
Up a corresponding number of points. In
the Eastern States wins in the winners'
class will be graded as follows:
Shows with 1250 entries or over, 5 points;
750 entries ami under 1250, 4 points; 500 en
tries and under 750, 3 points; 250 entries and
umler 500, 2 points: under 250 entries 1
point On the Pacific Coast: 500 entries and
over, 5 points; 250 entries and under 500,
3 points; under 260 entries, 1 point. It will
be seen that liberal allowance has been
made for geographical and other conditions
obtaining in the Kar West. Specialty clubs
holding shows confined to their own* breed,
4 points. New clubs holding inaugural
shows, having no previous record, will be
rated at 1 point as a minimum.
The recommendation of the Pacific
Coast special committee of the American
Kennel Club that disqualification be ex
tended to the progeny of disqualified dogs
and bitches has failed of indorsement by
the parent body.
. ♦ .
STRONG TEAMS NOW
IN THE PENNANT RACE
Absorb the Best of the Baseball Ma-
terial From Clubs Dropped
Fom the League. %
The Crabs and the Dudes will mingle
this afternoon in the first game of base
ball under the new schedule. Both teams
have boon fortified by the best material
left unattached by the dissolution of the
San Jose and Watsouville nines. Oakland
la still a bad fourth and it seems almost
Impossible for Cal Ewing's men to get
Into the race for the pennant, but as the
Oakland nine now stands Cal ought to
smile often before the season is com
pleted.
Borchers will twirl for the Dudes,
Franks will be found on the second bag
and Huston in right Held. How this will
strengthen the Oakland team will be seen
after their first game together. The
Crabs have two new pitchers in Whelan
and Andrews, the former of whom will
be found in the box to-day. Morrow, the
soliloquizer, will be behind the bat for
the Crabs.
The Crabs and Dudes will play off the
draw R;;me of last Sunday morning at
Recreation Park at 2:30 o'clock. The line
up for this afternoon is as follows:
Santa Cruz. Positions. Oakland.
Morrow Catcher Hammond
Whelan Pitcher Rorchers
Siifib First base Hutehinson
Willliims Second base Franks
Devereaux Third base Lange
Arrelanes Shortstop Schmeer
Dulrymple L,eft field Moskimai*
Drcnnan Center field Dunleavy
Clark Right field Huston
Free Postal Delivery.
VALI,EJO. Sept. I.— The free postal de
livery service of this city went into ef
fect to-day. Mail will be cailed for and
delivered twice dally.
Tjennis .Champions at tPlay,
Urophy /or Women Soifers,
Admission 7) ay 2/achtiny
GOLFERS BUSY
TRAINING FOR
ADMISSION DAY
Oakland and San Rafael Links
Are Thronged.
A Ladies' Cup Offered the Members
of the Marin County Club
for Competition.
The greens committee of the San Rafael
Golf Club announces that the generosity
of some of the members has enabled the
directors to offer a ladies' cup for com
petition on the same dates as the Council
cup. The same conditions will hold, with
the exception that the play for the ladies'
cup will be at nine holes. All lady mem
bers except those who have been intro
duced for periods of two months or two
weeks may compete for the cup.
Qualifying rounds for the Council cup
for men and for the ladies' cup must be
played before to-morrow — nine holes, med
al play, for the ladies, and eighteen holes,
medai play, for the men. Notice should
be given to Instructor T. W. Tetley before
starting around the course, and the score,
kept by an authorized scorer, should re
turned in to him on completing the round.
The players making the eight lowest
scores will compete at match play in suc
cessive rounds, opponents being chosen by
lot. The succeeding rounds in both com
petitions will begin on Monday morning
at 9:30. The semi-finals will be played on
Admission day, beginning at 9:30 a. m.,
ami the final rounds in the afternoon of
the same day, beginning at 2:30.
A competition in driving and approach
ing for men, and a similar competition for
; ladies, open to all who are entitled to the
priviieg'es of the club, will take place on
Monday afternon at the San Rafael links.
The first competition at eighteen holes,
with handicap, for the McDonald cup. will
tako place this afternon on the Oakland
I links. On Monday there will be mixed
I foursomes, eighteen holes, match play,
j with handicap, for silver medals.
PISTOL MATCH IN PROSPECT
For several days past there has been
a rumor to the effect that two of the
well-known revolver and pistol shots of
this city may meet in a match. J. E.
Gorman has become expert in the use of
these firearms and his scores have ex
cited comment here and in the East.
Smith Carr, a member of the local police
force, has long been recognized as one of
the best marksmen in the same line that
the Pacific Coast can produce. He has
not been doing much shooting in public
of late, but his friends are of the opinion
that Re is still able to hold his own. How
serious the principals In question regard
the matter of a meeting is not generally
known, but their friends are looking for
a match between them soon.
The forty-first annual prize shoot of the
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein will be
held at Shell Mound range to-morrow.
The prizes are numerous and liberal. The
distribution takes place next Wednesday
evening at California Hall, 620 Bush
street. Among those who will be present
is one man who ha.s been absent from the
range for a lung time— Herman Huber—
who went to Manila with the California
Volunteers. He is a member of the verein
and will without doubt be the hero of the
occasion. There wil! also be several other
guests, as the marines and sailors of the
German warship Geier have promised to
be present.
The San Francisco Grutli Schuetzen
Section will hold a public prize shoot and
its committee, consisting of G. R. Hau
si-r, C. Gut and T. Simmen, has sent the
following invitation to its friends:
You are herewith cordially Invited to at
tend the prize shooting of the San Fran
cisco Grutli Schuetzen Section, which will
take place on Sunday, September 10, 1599,
at Schu<tzen Park, near San Rafael. Each
marksman wishing to participate is re
quested to give a prize of at least $2 50
value, subject to the committee, or if he
desires the fame amount in cash.
SANTA CRUZ CRICKETERS.
The Pacific eleven will play its fifth
match against the California Cricket Club
to-morrow. The following will be the rep
resentatives of the Pacific Club: George
Theobald (captain), H. C. Cassidy, J. J.
Theobald, H. P. G. Gordon, Fane Sewell,
C. Simmonds, J. Myers, J. H. Harbour
W. McDonald, A. W. Wilding and C. P.
Coles. The California team will be chosen
from the following: E. G. Sloman, Arthur
Dickinson, W. Reeves. E. J. Loughman
L. Schroeder, F. M. Gunn, A. Willis, J.
Brown, E. W. Watts, O. J. Thomas, W. H.
Howard and A. B. Lubbock.
H. C. Cassidy, who was formerly a well
known member of the Pacific Club, but
has resided for some time past at
Keswick, Shasta County, where he has
been in the employ of the Mountain Cop
per Company, and vice captain of the
cricket club, has returned to San Fran
cisco.
The Pacifies held a meeting on Thursday
night, at which it was decided to invite
the Santa Cruz Country Club to play a
return match at Alameda on September
lv. The visiting team will be the guests
of the Pacifies from Saturday to Monday
and will be put up at the Occidental
Hotel. When the Pacific team visited San
ta Cruz and played against the Country
Club, on August 13. they were most hos
pitably entertained. On that occasion the
visitors won easily, and on their own
ground are likely to repeat the victory.
The match against the Santa Cruz visit-'
crs will necessitate the postponement of
the match A to L, versus M to Z. set down
on the schedule for that date. This, how
ever, is of little importance, and can be
played, if desired, on one of the open dates
in October.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming; baths. North Beach. *
CORINTHIANS
A-PLEASURING
ON THE RIVER
Yachtsmen on Their Summer
Cruises.
Elaborate Preparations Made for the
Water Carnival of th 3
"Night of Venice."
Last Saturday the Corinthian yachts
Aeolus. Edna and Mignon returned to
Tiburon from a week's cruise up the Sac
ramento River and Napa Creek. Having
sailed to and anchored at Vallejo on the
evening of Saturday, August 19, the three
yachts made Walnut Grove on the fol
lowing day. Leaving Walnut Grove at i
o'clock on Monday afternoon, they ran
through Georglana Slough, with a. fair
wind and tied up to the. bank for the
night. On Tuesday morning they Bailed
out of the slough, still with a leading
wind, into the Mokelumne River, where the
sloop Aeolus stuck in the mud, the others
getting by In safety. After about three
hours' delay the Aeolus reached Antioch
and rejoined the other yachts. Here F.
E. Schober was picked up, and on
Wednesday the yachts proceeded to Mar
tinez and thence to Vallejo. Napa was
reached on Thursday afternoon: On Fri
day night the boats dropped down the
creek on the ebb tide almost as far as
Vallejo, and on Saturday morning made
an early start for home. From Vail.]., to
McNear's quick time was made, but from
there on to the cove the wind was light.
Moorings, however, were picked up at 3
o'clock In the afternoon. Paul Biber's
Mignon came down from Vallejo last Sun
day and on Monday sailed to Oaklan-I
Creek.
Last Sunday Commodore T. L. Hill, in
the flagship Cygnus; J. R. Savory, in the
sloop Juanita, and G. T. S. White, in the
sloop Will o' the Wisp, cruised to Para
dise Cove, where J. E. Billings was fishing
from the sloop Nixie. Commodore A. M.
Clay's Pastolus. R. L. Eames' Surf. Car
rier's new sloop Jessie E and the sloop
U & I of the California Yacht Club also
came to anchor in Paradise Cove. The
sloops Eeolus, Truant, Edna and others
cruised off El Campo. On the return
home Commodore Hill lost "the wind and
was becalmed off Yellow Bluff. The
launch Edwinna towed the Cygnus in to
her moorings.
H. H. Gorter, the measurer of the
Corinthian Yacht Club, has a fondness for
the Gallic tongue. His former yacht was
named Feu Follet (Will o' the Wisp), and
to his new sloop he has given the appella
lation Sans Souci (Without . Care). The
Feu Follet is now owned by A. C. Eaton,
vice commodore of the' South Bay Yacht
Club.
A meeting presided over by Director
General Hawkins of the executive com
mittee of the "Night' in Venice" was held
In the Corinthian Yacht Club house on
Wednesday evening. The transportation
committee reported that three boats will
run from San Francisco to Tiburon on
the night of September 16. at 6:30, 7 and
7:45 o'clock. Only the first of these will
land its passengers at Tiburon.
The Columbian and Knickerbocker
quartets and a chorus of forty voices
have been secured and will be stationed
on the barge at the head of the marine
procession, which will start from Wheel
ers Point, come up the main channel to
the Hotel Belveder* and thence past the
Corinthian clubhouse. On the barge, the
construction of which will be under the
superintendence of John Stanton of the
Hopkins Art School, will be Venetian
Senators, sailors and gondoliers. The
part of the Doge will be taken by Frank
Thompson and the motif of the perform
ance will be the wedding of the ocean.
When the ring is dropped into the water
a submarine mine will be exploded an*
a column of water thrown high into the
air. Calcium lights will be thrown upon
the barge and electric searchlights on the
surrounding hills will brilliantly illumi
nate the whole display. After the cere
mony the procession will be reviewed by
the judges— Mayer J. D. Phelan. Captain
R. H. Fletcher, Vanderlynn Stow and
Irving M. Scott. Handsome prizes have
been offered by the Corinthian Yacht
Club. John H. Keefe and others for the
most beautifully illuminated ark, schoo
ner yacht, sloop yacht, house and row
boat. The Assistant Secretary of War
has given the executive committee per
mission to close the cove on the night of
the l'Jth, and this will be done by drawing
across the entrance a cordon of yachts of
the San Francisco, Corinthian and Cali
fornia clubs. The yachts will be in charge
of Port Cantain John H. Keefe. All
boats, launches and other craft are to be
kept outside the line of yachts running
from the Corinthian Club house to Wheel
ers Point. •-.
« * ■
FIRST DEER KILLED
ON OLYMPIC PRESERVE
Robert Delafield Gains the Honor, Se
curing a Forked Horn — Gun
men at the Traps.
Robert Delafield of the Olympic Gun
Club has broken the spell of ill luck which
has hovered over the members in their
quest for deer. He killed a forked horn
on the Rodgers ranch during the week,
the first secured on the club's preserve
this season. His success has stirred other
members to action. H. E. Rose, Dr. Feh
leisen and others will be in the field to
day. A number of deer have been seen,
but always out of range.
The "varmint" hunt of the Olympic
Gun Club will be held at its Cordelia
preserve one week from to-morrow. The
preserves are to be "baited" at once with
wheat to attract the ducks. A clubhouse
for the keeper and members is being fit
ted up.
Wild geese are making their appearance
in numbers in Tuba and Sutter counties,
thus giving promise of good shooting
when the season opens.
The last shoot of the season of the Cal
ifornia Wing Shooting < mb will be held
to-morrow. The Alert Gun Club and the
Lincolns wili also hold shoots. The Lin
colns have an extended programme and
will serve luncheon on the grounds. The
members of Empire Gun Club are making
elaborate preparations for their merchan
dise shoot on the 9th and 10th inst. On
the first day prizes are offered for twelve
classes of shooters, while on the second
day thirteen classes are provided for.
Otto Feudner. the clever trap and field
shot, will spend his vacation in Sisklyou
County or in the Eel River district fishing
and shooting.
Herman H. Herzer leaves shortly for
two weeks' fishing and shooting in Sierra
County.
PETTY OPPOSITION TO
AN OLYMPIC NOMINEE
Objection to J. J. Hassell, Whom th«
New Directors Desire Particularly
to Co-operate With Them.
What is pronounced unreasonable an#
shortsighted opposition has developed
against one man on the ticket presented
by the regular nominating committee of
the Olympic Club for the forthcoming
election. The opposition, which has devel
oped at the eleventh hour, is directed solel
ly against J. J. Hassell, the candidate for
secretary. The reason given is that he
has but recently joined the club.
Mr. Hassell is secretary of the Califor
nia Winemakers' Corporation, and was
treasurer of the Midwinter Fair He has
made a reputation as a brilliant finan
cier. It was to avail of his attainments
in this respect that, after much persua
sion, he was prevailed upon to accept th«
secretaryship, a purely honorary position
with many responsibilities. He was im'
portuned to accept the nomination by Mr
Ha i r ™ on ir M S- Ru s> Mr - Hammersmith
and Mr. Hardee, all men who will be held
responsible for the administration of af
fairs in the club for the next year
When' the subject of opposition wa<*
hinted at Mr. Hassell wanted to withdraw
at once. He was finally prevailed upon to
allow his name to stand. His friends and
the remainder of the new directorate will
make a personal canvass of the member*
on Monday, asking their suffrage. C 1"SIR THOMAS
LIPTON ARRIVES
AT NEW YORK
The Cup Challenger
Greeted atthe Pier.
GIVEN SPLENDID WELCOME
FIRMLY BELIEVES THAT HE
WILL WIN.
Declares Significantly That the Bet
ter Boat Always Wins and Has
No Fear of an Obstructed
Course.
I m Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. I.— Sir Thomas Lip
ton arrived on the Campania to-day. In
his party are William Fife Jr., designer
of the Shamrock; T. W. Ratsey, the fa
mous sailmaker; A; C. Connell, John
Wesrwood and William Duncan.
Sir Thomas said that he had invited and
expected the following gentlemen 10 be
hi!- gatsts during the international races:
Lord --■■II of Killoween. Hon. Charles
Russell, his son. Lord Charles Berosford
and Arnold Mnrley.
NEW YORK, Sept. .— The Cunard
line steamer Campania arrived at Quar
antine to r nlght at 7:30 o'clock and was
me: in the Narrows by a flotilla of tugs
and the steam yacht Erin to greet Sir
Thorn is Li pro n. who was a passenger on
the liner. The Quarantine Commissioners'
boat, the State of New York, also ip
i • area upon the scene with a large party
under the guidance o r Commissioner
i Umt-r. The party consisted of Colonel
Treadweli; Governor Roosevelt's military
secretary, who was sent by the Governor
to receive Sir Thomas Upton; a number
<.: ofticiais and members of the New York
"iacht Club, a number of members from
the New England Society and other simi
lar organisations. All boarded the
steamer and came up to the dock.
Sir Thomas, in his welcome down the
bay. received an invitation extending the
courtesies of htty-Ux clubs while in this
country and an invitation to lead the ma
rine division of the Dewey day celebra
tion with his yacht Erin. Both were ac
cepted.
xhere was a large crowd at the Cunard
oock. when the Campania arnvea. As the
Dig vessel loomed li< it tug oeuring the.
D.g biiamrocti rtsg came aneaa ana this
Caused great cheering on tne part of the
crowd on tne doeK. Cheers were given
lor tne shamrock and h<-r owner.
When Sir Thomas came over tne gang
plank he was received with anomer great
Cheer. He took oit his cap ana bowed,
ana there was a smile on h;s face. He was
pushed and jostled aoout in the great
inrong line a COuntiymun in line tor a
tiexf-t at a circus, out tie [i ok it all in
good nature.
'Upon my word. I did not expect this."
he t-aid, "as Messrs. Fife and Katsey and
a couple of members of the New York
Yacht Club, aided by several policemen,
made a way, for him through the crowd.
"Is this the way they welcome the man
wno comes to get the cup?"
g^t a run lor your money,"
shouted a voice.
"I don't doubt it," answered Sir Thomas
laughingly. "You've always done that."
No cup challenger was ever before
given a reception that would compare
With that accorded- to Sir Thomas.
Ihe party i-ioceeded to the Fifth
Avenue Hotel.
Sir Thomas was anxious, to be informed
how the betting stood o:\ the race. He
was told that it is n<iw I'Xi to 75 in favor
of the Columbia. He appeared to be sur
prised and said -that mere. was a large
I amount of "English money that had ripen
1 brought over r-.ere. and that all they
couia get was even money, and this the
Lnglisnmen had been forced to accept.
'Have you much money on the race?"
he was asked
"I hay« never wagered in my life,'' he
replied.
When asked about the truth of the re
port that the yacht race had cost him
£fcO,ooo, he said:
"1 do not know how much the race has
or will cost me. I do not care. Cost
aots not enter into my calculations. I
am here to race for sport only. It Is a
t task to come over after "the Amer
ica's cup. and i hope to be equal to it. '
"I believe that I have the best boat ever
built in England. She cost more than -the
Valkyrie. If in coming to America tor the
cup one halts at the price one had better
srtay at home.
"1 fully appreciate th» talent and skill
that are against us." he continued. "The
Americans will do all in their p^jewr to
keep the trophy and we must do our best.
if we fail no blame will rest upon us. I
have thrown up every business care, left
every difficulty behind and have deter
mined to devote myself to the Shamrock
only. While I am neither a designer nor a
skipper, i will be aboard of her when
every race is sailed.
"The best boat always wins in these in
ternational races," he added. "Even if
the nearest excursion steamer had been
rifty miles the result would have been
I ihe same. Let everybody me to the
race and have a good time. The more
boats there re the merrier. I will fight
for the cup just as hard as 1 can, but
the good wishes of Americans are dearer
*•• me than any cup In existence. The
New York Yacht Club cabled me offering
to change the course, but I replied that
1 would not race except on the fame track
as was used before where others won and
lost."
Sir Thomas said that when the Cam
pania left England Columbia sentiment
seemed to prevail, but fie thought all that
had changed and that at the time of ar
rival a majority Of the passengers favored
the Shamrock. Sir Thomas was one of
the last to leave the ship, but a majority
of his fellow passengers were wait] for
him at the gangway, and when he came
out upon the pier they made a lane for
him and greeted him with continuous
cheers as he passed on his way to a car
riage which took him to his hotel.
Mr. Ratsey said that six sailmakers
were due to arrive on the St. Paul with a
quantity of gear for th«? Shamrock. He
added that crosscut racing sails, also
much in vogue in the T.'nlted States, have
b^on tried in England, and sailmakers
there have me to the conclusion that
rht-re 19^ no real advantage to ii* gained
from their use. He good-naturedly ad
mitted, when questioned, that some Amer
ican estimates of the Shamrock's *a!l
area were close to tho fact, and being
closely pressed said it was not much dif
ferent from that of the last Valkyrie.
Races between the Columbia and Dp
fender begin to-morrow. Hundreds of
yachting enthusiasts will form excursion
►Roats, big and little, and swell the gath
ering that will howl for the winner. That
this will be the Columbia no one doubts,
but the Defender's colors will not be
easliy lowered.
It Is a notable fa • that almost every
Newport yachtsman has of lato r»-come
Intensely and aggressively an admirer of
Columbia. Every day of late Columbia
and Defender have had friendly spins.
Defender folks have not been idle and
she is better by minutes over the thirty
mile courses than she ever was. So the
racers will bp in shapp and their per
formance, with anything like n true pail-
Ing breeze, roust be almost as full of in
terest as the International struggle.
Should Sir Thomas Upton come to
Newport with his steam yacht Erin the
first of the week to note the speed of
Columbia under racing conditions, he will
be royally welcomed. Th* coarse to
morrow will fifteen miles to windward
or leeward ■.■ ■', return or triangular ten
miles to a leg. starting off Brentons reef
lightship at 11 o'clock. Captain "Nat"
Herreshoff and his brother Francis will
be among those on Columbia.
It is Mid that both Columbia and De
fender will go to westward after these
races. • . ■
________________
Athletic Officers Nominated.
BERKELEY.. Sept. L— The Associated
Students of the -University of California
ir.et this morning for the first time this
term. The purpose of the meeting was
to place in nomination the names of men
■ who are candidates for managers of the
i -.thletlc teams of the University. Nomi
nations were made as follows: Track
manager. Ezra Decoto '00 and Albert
"Walsh '01: basketball manager. Robert
Belcher '00 and John A. Mi Gee '00: tennis.
Paul SeHby '00. -Elections will 'be held
next Tuesday. . •
MANY AND VARIED WILL BE THE
FEATURES AT THE STATE FAIR
SPLENDID SPEED
CONTESTS ASSURED
Coming Exhibition Gives Promise of Being the Best Ever
Held in the Golden State.
Sacramento Pavilion, Showing Fac-Simile of Entrance to the World's Fair at Paris.
BACRAMEXTO, Sept I.— The forty
sixth annual exhibiti'-n of the Califor
nia State Agricultural So< letjf
in ::.. • lay and n
open until Septemb-r 16.
already finished and the plans in
reps under the direction of the man
agers of the fair give ample ass :
that the exposition will be one of the
best, if nut the very best, ever h
California. In some Hi - I : splay
the exhibition W-'i surely Burpa -
previous efforts of the Stal I ol
Agriculture.
The exposition . to be a
State Fai: in fart a- well as in I
Energ \ adlng men thr ug
the S:at>- have been called i:.'
tiott. Their enthusiasm has b-en un
listed and the interest which they have
manifested has been imparted to their
neighbors and associates In the chief
fields of industrial activity, hence there
need be no surprise if the fair b!
assemble the largest throng of Cal!
fornians ever assembled in Sacramento.
Special effort has be^n directed toward
the enlistment of support from leading
-raisers, whose superb herds of
thoroughbred horses and cattle have
made the State famous. Interests
apart from agriculture and stoekrais
ing h - ?ed the attention of Cal-
Ifornians for many y^ars. but the fact
rtbeless that some of the
finest herds of cattle in America graze
on the pastures of California and Ne
vada. As vast fortunes were accumu
lated during th" y ara pf railway mn
stru' • ling d relopment, men
v. h' = . limit
sought the renowned herds of Europe
for specimens .of the best-bred cattle,
h^n' ■ ack of good bovine
blue blood In th° cattle Of California.
Examples uf good - will bo
shown at the fair next veek.
Thp president, directors and other of
ficers of the State Agricultural Si
have sought to arouse among Btock
raisers v proper interest in the forth-
Fair, and the long list t
entries wherein the prize horses, cat
tle and hogs are I - represented
show? that success has attended their
rts.
A.-Hurar.C" that the exposition will be
. itiful and crerliiable is given by
the citizens of Bacrimento— not given
by r. ;iise of d ething
out of the line <>t ordinary effort, but
attesi . atfibutions of money and
energy to the causi . The people nf
ramento have a way of secluding
themselves from strangers and visitors
while the Legislature is in session, and
for which no one is apt to blame them;
yet the seclusion creates the impres
sion that the city Sacks the attractive
. and refining Influences of art. as ex
pressed in music and the asseihbll
hrlaht men and women. The citizen of
unento knows quite well that his
city is thn capital ol the State In a
larger *ense than being the seat of
government. He knows that music,
painting and literature engage th"
study of men and women of the place;
he knows that Sacramento is not lag
ging behind Pasadena. Lofl Angeles and
Oakland, but he never pauses to in
quire whether other residents of the
Stave are familiar with this fact There
are many indications at this tim" that
the people of the Capital City hay. r-
solved to come out of their seclusion
and welcome the fair visitors with mu
sic flowers and radiant displays of
light. UJuminations will lend a new
charm to the pavilion. A threefold In
crease of electric light is authorized.
The Sacramento mercttant. instead of
limiting his expense for pavilion dis
play to one thausand dollars, dots not
hesitate this year to make his plans
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
for artistic decoration on a scale that
will involve an outlay of three thou
sand dollars. The leading: mercantile
spirits of the city are rivals in an effort
to surpass all former records of beauty
and style in the exposition of their
fabrics.
The Sacramento Chamber of Com
mprce's standing committee on exhi
bition. T. K. Enwright chairman, rep
resenting the business men. resolved to
interest the citizens generally in the
State Fair, particularly in the matter
of improving the exhibits at the pa
vilion and increasing the attendance,
hence it was decided to organize the
Citizens' State Fair Club.
A general committee of sixty was
created from the leading business men
and an executive committee of seven
was elected, which, with the various
sub-committees, entered upon their
work about the middle of July. The
directors of the Agricultural Society
formally accepted the proffered assist
ance of the Citizens' State Fair Club
and Secretary Peter J. Shields has
been in touch with the committees at
all times.
Some of the results of the organized
effort may be thus enumerated. The
committee on .exhibits. Colonel H. I.
Seymour, reported ail the space in the
pavilion taken three week.- before the
time appointed for the opening of the
fair. The commi tee on special fea
tures. C. W. Morton Chairman, pre
sented many designs excelling in beau
ty and grace anything ever seen in the
pavilion. The committtee on entertain
ment. H. C. Fisher chairman, procured
the services of much profess) tal
ent as well as the services of local
organizations, such as the athletic
clubs, C-lcdonian?. Odd Fellows and
Native Sons and Daughters.
The committee on reception, W. F.
Purnell chairman, organized new fea
tures of a social character. The several
local societies and clubs of women will
hold receptions in rooms specially fitted
for their use. The Wives and daughters
of the directors of th ; Ag-icultural So
ciety will inaugurate these features
and send out cards "At Home" Tues
day evening. September b. to the offi
cers of the thirty-three societies and
clubs of women.
The opening night, Monday. Septem
ber 4. has been designated as "Ladies'
night." The various.organizations, so
cieties and -lv s of women have signi
fied their desire to contribute their
presence, and a .'riendly rivalry has
been developed between . se clubs to
see which one will register the highest
percentage of attendance. The chair
man of the committee on printing, Al
fred Elkus; the chairman of the com
mitteee on publicity, F. L.. Gray, and
the secretary of the executive commit
tee, C. H. Holmes, have rendered val
uable services to the cause.
Th« State Board of Agriculture, under
whose auspices, the fair is to be conduct
ed, consists of the following directors-
W. P. Matthews, Sacramento: F. D Cobb"
Stockton: M. D. Chamberlain. Woodland'
Grove L. Johnson, Sacramento- D c'
Knight. Marysville: A. B. Spreckels. "San
Francisco; F. \V. Covey, Palo Alto- j
W. Wilson. Sacramento; Park Henshaw
Chlco; Frederick Co*x. Sacramento* A \v'
Barrett. Los Angeles; J. E. Terry Sac
ramento.
The officers of the board are- A B
Spreckels, president; Peter J. Shields,'sec
retary; L. A. Upsdn, treasurer: J. W Wil
son, superintendent of park; W. P " Mat
thews, superintendent of pavilion.
The fine and commodious pavilion on the
Capitol grounds facing Fifteenth street
will be a thing of beauty from an interior
point of view next Monday night. llol
brook. Merrill & Stetson, John Bruener
Hale Brothers, Weinstock, Lubin & Co '
the Nonpareil. Schaw, Ingram, Botcher
& Co. of Sacramento; the American Steel
and Wire Company of San Francisco and
the Sanford Mills, Maine, will make dis
plays that would attract praise in a
world's exposition. The devices by which
wire may be wrought, arranged and pre
sented in beautiful forms enlist the admir
T. L. ENWRIGHT OF SACRAMENTO.
Mr. Enwright is chairman of the executive committee of the State Fair
Club and is contributing much to the prospective success of the exposition.
ation of beholders. The Sanford Mills cx
i hibit samples of mohair cloth used to
' decorate the private car of the Emperor
;of Japan. The professional decorators
i employed by Sacramento' firms evince the
! keenest spirit of rivalry. Some of these
decorators have achieved high honors In
London. Paris and New York and each
Is striving for recognition at the Califor
nia State Fair. ...
One of the sights of the fair Is to be a
' fac simile of the entrance to the Califor
j nia exhibit at the Paris Exposition.
In painting, music and flowers there will
i be many interesting and enchanting feat
j ures. In the line of music there will be
an orchestra of stringed instruments in
which thirty-five young ladles will par-rid
■ pate. The management announces that
each one la an artist. There will be com
petitive exhibits of flowers, plants and
choice blossoms. To enhance the effect
' of the general display the managers of
the fair have permitted a threefold In*
crease in the volume of light. The illu
minations will be diffused or centralized
to lend the best effect. . .
The collection of pictures, under the"di
rection of John A. Stanton, Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art and University of
California should represent much of the
best work recently achieved by Califor
nia artist*. ,
While the pavilion will present specta
cles to Invite admiring throngs every
evening during the life of the ex
position, there will be many displays of
livestock at Agricultural f ark which will
command attention of farmers and stoc<c
raisers throughout the day.
John Sparks of Reno exhibits a fine
herd of Herefords. two of the bulls be
ing from prize-winning herds at the Royal
1 Agricultural Show. Joseph Marion of
FINE EXHIBITS
IN THE PAVILION
Lovelock shows shorthorns descending
from the pick oi prize Eastern herd*. At
the head of Henry Pierces herd of fine
J trseya i.s the famous El Toro. which has
sever bean vanquished in the show ring.
Mr. Pierce also exhibits a young Jersey
bull recently brought h^re from Maine.
A. E. Osbourne ot Sacramento recently
purchased from the Hood farm in Massa
chusetts a grandson of the cow Brown
Bessie. This cow won championship hon
ors in the butter test nt the World's Fair.
Peter J. Shields shows a herd of twen
ty-five Jerseys fr<>m bis Sucramento farm.
At the htnd of this herd is a bull from
the well known herd of Milier & Sibly ot"
Pennsylvania, the finest in America. The
great cert Loretta X belongs to this ex
hibit. In the herd at Sacramento are two
daughters of Recorder, a son of Brown
Bessie, recently brought from Wisconsin;
also a granddaughter ot Exile of St. Larp
bert and a granddaughter of King of St.
Lambert.
M. H. Hotaling exhibits two well bred
Hols-tein bulls which he recently pur
chased in the East. They represent the
best blood in America.
Frank H. Burke of San Francisco, whose
herd is in Santa Clara County, exhibits
twenty-five head, representing the best
examples of ten years' breeding. At the
head of Burkes herd is a son of the cow
that holds the two-year-old Holstein but
ter record: also a son of the cow which
holds the world's yearling Holstein butter
record.
Among exhibitors of draft horses are H.
S. Moddison, Broderick. Yolo County;
George Hennigan. Woodland; George A.
Davis. Pleasanton; Thomas Coulter, Sac
ramento, and L. M. Clark.
Among exhibitors of hogs are J. P. Ash
ley, San Joaquin; Sessions & Co., Los
Angeles: Lindgren & Sons, Fresno, lfc-
Castlin i* Sturker. Savannah. Cal. :
Thomas Wait*, Sacramento, and George
Bfmont. A'.ameda.
The poultry show takes place under
large canvas adjoining the Pavilion. The
classes will be judged by Henry Berrar of
San Jose. All standard varieties of poul
try arc shown from Fr<?si:O. San Joaquin.
Santa Clara. Alamcda, Sonoma and Sac
ramento. Many erf Thfr new varieties are
s-hown. as quick results are obtained in
chickens. There are Anconas. Buff W'yan
dottes, Houdana and Indian game's.
Fancy pievons. Belgian hares and Angora
rabbits have space along with the poul
try. The poultry collection is the largest
ever seen in California.
Irving M. Scott of San Francisco and
Professor Withyconibe, department of
agri.-ulture. Oregon University, will judge
animal clasr-. -. except in ih«* dairy d*-part
m-T.i. Major Alyord. dairy division. De
partment <if Agriculture. Washington, D.
C. will judge dairy classes.
Professor D. T. Fowler, agricultural de
partment. University of California, will
jutig^ agricultural classes.
Fruits that will be sent to Paris to com
prise the California display are shown at
the pavilion. Also other fruits from the
mountains, valleys and Irrigated districts.
The exhibits of olive oil and wine are ex
tensive.
Hops from all the Pacific Coast States
and British Columbia are shown in the
agricultural department. A model cream
ery will bf> in operation at the pavilion.
Quantities of milk will be brought daily
and actually separated into products 6t
butter and chocse.
A model silo will be shown and The
process of pressing alfalfa and cornstalks
will be illustrated under the direction of
Professor Fowler. University of Califor
nia. Directions and plans fo.r construct
ing a silo will be distributed to farmers.
The speed events at the racecourse will
surely engage the attention of multitudes.
The entries are many and the purses so
liberal that the crack runners and trot
ters of the State will be well represented.
Sacramento people are confident that
the fair will be the greatest triumph in
this particular field ever :i.'hi^ved In Cal
ifornia. The railway companies art; mak
ing preparation to curry many passengers.
BIG FIGHT TO TAKE
PLACE AT CONEY ISLAND
Bids Opened by Representatives of
Sharkey and Jeff.
NEW YORK. Sept. 1. —In the arena
of fhe Coney Island Sporting Club
where he defeated Bob Fitzsimmonft
for the heavy-weight championship of
the world James Jeffries will defend
his newly acquired title against Thomas
Shivkey the Litter part of next month—
probably October 31.
The selection of the seaside organiza
tion as the scene of the great battle was
decided upon at a secret meeting between
William A. Brady and Thomas O'Rourke
last Saturday. This secret agreement was
ratified to-day at the Vanderbilt Hotel,
where sealed bids for the contest were
opened.
Only two bids were received— one from
one of Mr O'Rourke's clubs and the other
from the Coney Island Sporting Club.
O'Rourke's offer was 65 per cent of the
gross receipts. : The Coney Island organi
zation bid two-thirds of the gross receipts
and guaranteed the principals $30,000. The
offer was accompanied by a certified check
for $2500 as a guarantee of good faith ou
the part of the club.
Martin Julian, representing the Coney
Island Sporting Club, reiterated the of
fer. On behalf of Jeffries Mr. Brady said
that he considered the offer of the Coney
Islanders the most advantageous one for
the fighters and Insisted upon its accept
ance. O'Rourke. speaking for Sharkev
said he also favored Julian's offer arid
on behalf of Sharkey accepted. Nothing
was heard from San Francisco.
The selection of the Coney Island Club
was predicted by The Call a week ago
The statement was made that Brady and
O'Rourke had met and arrived at an un
derstanding to the effect that the big fight
should take place at Coney Island. It
was agreed that the Island company could
give she best accommodations to a crowd
of the magnitude of that sure to want to
see a go between the big fellows. The
fight will in all probability, be held in the
afternoon in order that the picture ma
chine may be operated.
NOTED PLUNGER
TIRES OF THE
RACING GAME
Pittsburg Phil Sells
His Horses.
GOOD ONES IN THE LOT
.BOOSEVELT, A TWO-YEAR-OLD, '
GOES VERY CHEAP.
W. C. Daly Secures Lothario, a Three-
Yeax-Old, for $3800, the Former
Owner Having Paid $10,
--000 for Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. I.— The sale of thq
entire racing stables of the firm of C.
Fleischmann & Sons and those of George
iE. Smith, better known in the racing
worjd as Pittsburg Phil, took place to
| day in the Easton sale paddocks at
Sheepshead. The fact that the Fleisch
manns were selling out did not mean that
i they were retiring from racing, as this
was not so. Their object is to rid the
1 stable of the old divisions and begin
afresh with a stock of two-year-olds next
i season. Pittsburg Phil has tired of rac
; ing horses, and tnis is his reason for re
'•■ tiring. Only four were in his lot, but
they included the two-year-old colt
Roosevelt and the three-year-old Lo
thario. The former cost him $7600 and
Lothario Jlu.uOo at the sale of the Rogers
I & Rose lot at Morris Park last spring.
j The horsemen were out in large numbers,
i and from the very start the bidding was
I spirited. MarfbeiX, who beat the Bromley
j crack Mesmerist in the second part of the
! Grand Union Hotel stakes at Saratoga,
i was the pick of the sale.
The best prices were as follows:
Property of C. Fleis'-hmann & Sons:
Maribert, b. c. 2. by Albert-Miss Mary.
Pie-re Lorlllard, 11l 000: Sakhrat, eh. c. 2. by
Star Ruby-False Alarm, Dunn*. JTOOO; Mis
: chievous, br. c. 2. by Sir Dixon-Merry Maiden.
Louis Dell. JS100; Somerset, eh. c, I. by Great
' Tom-Miss Ryan. Louis Bell. $1000; Midsummer,
■be 2 by July-Lady Middleton, Louis Bell.
$3300 • Millstone, "rh. c, 2. by Journal-Nell. F.
Brown. ilOOO; Wolhurst, b. h.. 5. by Ventilator
j Nut Brown, S. L. Hommedin. $1500.
Property of George E. Smith:
Lothario br. c, 3. by Longstreet-Brunett.
W C Daly, J3SOO; Ahom. br. c,. 3, by Sir
Dixon-Rooeville. Sidney Paget. 13300; Colonel
Roosevelt, Ch. c. 2, by Falsetto-Pearl Thorn,
W. Mideley, fSM. ■
NEARLY A FREE FIGHT.
Exciting Scene at the St. Louis-Balti-
more Game.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...78 36 .684 Chicago 60 57 -513
Boston 71 44 Plttsburg ...5R 57 .504
Philadelphia 72 4* .610 New Y0rk. ..51 63 .43?
Baltimore ...66 4* .5S»i Louisville ...50 64 .428
Cincinnati .64 49 .66« 1 Washington 41 73 .360
i St. Louis.... 65 6* .546. Cleveland ...13 101 .157
: ST. LOUIS, Sept. I.— Louis won a hard
i fought (came from Baltimore to-day. It came
mighty near winding up in a fight when Smith
'■ jumped on Childs at second base. Cupid went
after Aleck and swung twice for his Jaw,
but missed and the other players prevented
further trouble. Holmes spiked Crlger in th«
: eighth inning, and the catcher had to retire
I from the game. Attendance, 2100. Score.
; clubs- X H E.
i St. Louis I 7 I
! Baltimore 6 10 . . 3
Batteries— Powell. Criger and Schrecongost ;
Nops, Robinson and Smith. Umpires—Manaa
sau and Connolly.
. CINCINATTI, Sept. The score:
Clubs- R- H; E ?
Cincinnati » ? 0
Phildelphia o 9 5
Batteries— Phillip?. Hawley and Peitz: Fraser
and McF&rland. Umpires— Emslie and Dwyer.
LOUISVILLE, Sept. L— The score:
i Clube- R. H E.
Louisville 3 11 0
; Washington » 11 a
Batteries— Philippi and Zimmer; • Weyhing
i and Roach. Umpires — Gaffney and Latham.
■ BROOKLYN,- Sept. I.— The score, first game:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Cleveland - > J
Brooklyn • « 9
Batteries— Hughey and McAllister: Dunn and
McGuire. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
} Second game:
; Clubs— R- H. E.
i Cleveland 1 ' '
[ Brooklyn ■ 9 0
Batteries— CoHlflower and Duncan: McJamea
and Farrell. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
CHICAGO, Sept. The score:
Clubs— X R. H. E.
; Chicago 5 o t
Boston • 4 9 4
Batteries— Callahan and Donahue : Nichols
and Bergen. Umpires— ODea and McDonald.
PITTSBURG. Sept. I.— Pittsburg-New York
j game postponed on account of rain.
A GIFT TO RITA E.
H. W. Brown's Three-Year-Od Walks
Aw?y Fom the Field
DUBUQUE. lowa. Sept. I.— A small
crowd saw to-day's races at Nutwood
Driving Park. The three-year-old trot for
$6000 was a gift to Rita E. owned by H.
W Brown of Salt Lake City. In the first
heat Rita loafed till the field got into the
stretch when she went to the front w::h
J E C and finished easily half a length
in front of J E C, with Ima Electrtta
third The second and third heats were
easy for Rita. • In the third Contralto
went out of the bunch in the stretch and
«et a hot pace for the trailers to the wire,
clinching third money. J E C. on the
strength of second position in the nrat
two heats, took second money.
The 2:10 pace for $3>>iG was easy money
for William Me. He took it in three
straight heats and was never forced. The
heats were turned in 2:0s I*.1 *. 2:07 s * and
2 osu,. In the first heat Colbert left the
bur.. : h to the three-quarter pole. "William
Me ( ame up fast on th»= outside and won
easily. Hi* time for the third quarter
was ?1 seconds and the la.*t half was done
in 1:00 4-5. The second was a procession
all the way around, with William Me in
front. In the stretch Colbert and Eyelet
made interesting work in their scramble
for second. Eyelet won the place by a,
short head.
\\Mliam Me led all the way in the third.
Colbert spurted from the three-quarter
pole Hrd forced the leader to the wire in
5-otfU Eyelet finished a good third.
Th'p !:2S trot was a gift to Edwin B.
He got off in front in the first heat. Pilot
Lamhert was second at the wire. Granite
the Third wa? distanced in the next heat
and the second money went to Phrase.
The last heat was a procession in the slow
time of 2:17. To-morrow is the last day of
the meeting.
Results:
! Three-year-old trot, purse ISCOC— Rita E woa
■ in straight heat?. Time. 2:16H, - ■'■'■*■ 2:16%.
! J E C second. Contralto third. Billy Abshire.
Mary E. Ima Electrite, My Trick and Grade
■ Onward also started.
2:10 p«ce. purse William Me won la
straight heats. Time, 2. '"■<-*, 2:07*4. 2:0614. Col
i bert second, • Eyelet third. Bell Boy. Warren
j D, Ithuriel. Barney McCoy. Kitty R, Ethel A
and You Bet also started.
i '•» trot. - purse $INO— Edwin B won In
1 straight heats. Time. 3:22*4. 2:17. 2:17. Phrase
j second. Pi! Lambert third. Granite also
! started.
CHICAGO. Sept. I.— Another sensational
feature enlivened Harlem to-day when
Man of Honor, at 100 to l, defeated Un
sightly and Decoy !n a race at five and
a half furlong?. Man of Honor is a well
bred coH and early this spring was con
sidered a coming r-onder. He has done
fairly well in field? or moderate size, but
has not been considered in Unsightly*
class. Richard J W was the only win
ning favorite. Weather clear; track fast.
Results:
Six furlongs— Brown Anderson won Rock
light second. Mission third. Time. 1:1<V
• Mile and twenty yards, selling— Catastrophe
won. Jennie F second. Blue Lick third. Time,
1:43 H. ..--•. - ..
Six and a half furlongs, selling— George won.
Andes second. Antiquary third. Time. 1:2>"4
Six furlongs— Richard J won,' Tulla Fonso
second. Little Jack Hnrner third. Time. 1:134.
Five and a half furlongs— Man of Honor
won Unsightly second.- Decoy third. Time,
Mini. ■ • . . . - ■
One mile— The Lady In Blue won, Jim - Me-
Cleevy second, Periwig third. Time, 1:41 %.
1112
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Coal Oil advanced I-2C per gallon.
v Hops of good quality on the market.
at and Barley dull and nominal.
i X:.'s, Com and Rye continue neglected.
ins and Seeds out of favor at present.
Silver and Exchange stand the same.
taioes stand about the same. Onions iveak.
tables continue in excessive supply.
' market quoted at all sorts of prices.
Eggs and Cheese continue firm.
Poultry market well stocked and quiet.
Fruit market less active, with oz'crstocks of Grapes.
Pried Fruit mtets with a fair demand.
' o change in Provisions.
Nineteen cars of Hogs in from Arizona.
Outside Grain Bags selling at 6 3-4 C.
change in Rice.
( istoms collections show an increase.
Coal market in good shape.
Charters.
Th* Belgian King taken troops and imp
plies to Manila.
The India loads lumber at Port Blakeley
for Valparaiso on owners' account.
Custom Collections.
Local Custom-house collections thus far this
year amount to $4,803,385, against $4.15-2. - - for
the same time in 189 S.
Stocks of Grain.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller
reports stocks of grain in warehouse and on
wharf September 1 as follows, in tons:
WHEAT.
Port Costa. Stockton. City.
August 1 5?..339 22,818 2.02S
September 1 96,483 51,624 1.339
BARLEY.
Port Costa, Stockton. City.
August 1 17.657 8,678 1.630
September 1 39.078 15,433 6.080
Oats. Corn. Bran.
August 1 1.2fl 2'"'9 212
September 1 2.532 290 So
Receipts in August were: Barley, 56.863
tens; Oats, 3900 tons; Corn, 557 tons; Bran,
lOS 2 tons.
The Hay Market.
The circular of Scott & Macner says of Hay:
"Arrivals of Hay have continued to be act
ive. The total tonnage received for the week
has amounted to 2SSI tons. There has been
co much Hay and other merchandise coming
on the railroad lately that the tracks have
become so thoroughly blockaded that much of
the Hay is delayed for two or three days to
obtain trackage room here in the city for sell-
Ing and unloading. These conditions have in
terfered considerably with making prompt re
turns, and such circumstances will probably
prevail for some little time and until the rush
of Hay is over. Consignments of Hay are
moving oft' fairly, but the consumers are Blow
making purchases, even under the present
thoroughly low ranse of prices.
•Arrivals of compressed Hay have been com
paratively heavier than for many months and
the market on such offerings has been weak.
"Alfalfa Hay continues to arrive in large
quantities, and while the range of prices' can
not be quoted as lower, yet the feeling la
weak. The dairymen are beginning to lay In
their winter supply, but it is difficult to place
consignments satisfactorily with them, as their
Ideas are lower than the present rates."
Dried Fruit in New York.
X-w York say
"Without material change In yesterday's
markets, there was, perhaps, slightly more in
terest shown in some lines, and different mem
l.^rs of thu trade were considering the prob
ability of the reduction in the f. o. b. prices
of Prunes that was reported. Actual sales of
any variety were small so far as known, but
there is certainly more inquiry, and the per-
Fistency with which rumors of large sales
come to the surface Indicates that there are
large negotiations in progress.
"There have been reports current the past
two days to the effect that the price Of Prunes
had been reduced to 2 s ic for outside goods.
Early in the week it was pointed out in this
column that such a move was in contempla
tion, but that nothing had been done in the
matter then. It could not he learned with cer
tainty that it had been done yet. but appar
ently something has been done looking toward
that object, because it seems to be generally
understood. A number of large buyers are
ready to take big orders at the reduction,
hence sales promise to be large in the near
future. Inquiry Is said to be disappointing,
notwithstanding the short crop in Oregon and
Washington and the probable small output
abroad.
"Peaches are unchanged, but the tendency
at resent Is in buyers' favor. The output is
going to 1.-- bo much larger than was original
ly mated that prices are weaker, and a
firm offer for a round lot might secure less
than inside quotations.
"Apricots are steady, though the tendency
i)f prices is upward."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. I—s p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 68, San Diego 74
Fresno 96 Sacramento SO
Los Angeles 84 Independence 92
lied Bluff 90 Yum*. 108
San Luis Oblspo ... 76:
Han Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 60; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast. The usual
Fuimm-r low overlies Arizona and Southern
California.
The temperature has fallen over the Rocky
Mountain region and has risen over Southern
California and Western Arizona.
Light showers have occurred In the moun
tains of Arizona.
The temperatures are slightly above the nor
mal In the great valleys of California. The
weather is generally clear over the greater
portion of the Pacific Slope.
Forecnst made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight, September 2, 1899:
Northern California — Fair Saturday; warmer
in northern portion. Southerly, changing to
northerly wind; light fog on the coast. '
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
northwest wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; warmer In northern
v^rtion.
Cloudy Saturday.
_-..-lzona— Fair Saturday; warmer in northern
portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
fresh westerly wind, with fog In the morning.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. I.— The feature of to-day's
market was the. vigorous offer to the bulls
about midday to lift the market out of its
listless and heavy condition by a sharp advance
in the Vanderbllts. The efforts miscarried and
Invited such a flood of realizing that prices
cold off to the lowest point to-day, which was
In many cases as much as $1 per share below !
last night's level. The bears had a hand In
the decline, but the demand from shorts to
cover was light and rallies in the general list
■were of small proportions. The movement of
railroads generally throughout the morning
were exceedingly small either way. except In
a few individual cases. Chicago and Eastern
Illinois was pushed up over two points above
par, but relapsed nearly three points. The
movement Of the specialties In the first hour
was a good deal mixed, Consolidated Gas and
Tennessee Coal shooting up two point*, but
the Tobacco stocks, Brooklyn Transit and Sugar
■were heavy in tone. Only a little before noon,
Omaha and Northwestern were > pushed upon a
revival of the old story of the absorption of
the former by the latter. About the same time
of the appearance the New York Central an
nual report showed in detail the rather strik
ing economies effected by the consolidation of
that great system. The result was a rise of
eight points in Omaha, 3?i in Northwestern and
nearly two points In New York Central. A
number of other Vanderbllts sympathized to
the extent of a point, and the Union Pacific
stocks were bid up a point, giving force to
the rumor that the much talked-of transcon
tinental consolidation was about to be perfect
ed. The very heavy blocks of Union Pacific
stocks coming out' on the rise and the detec
tion by the bears of selling for leading account,
brought a determined raid and a realizing
movement along the line. The gains, which
had been extended In some cases to nearly a
point, were quickly wiped out, and the gen
eral level of the market fell below last night,
Brooklyn Transit dropping two points. Cen
tral Pacific lost IV The market was very
listless during the last hour and closed gen
erally easy at 105 decline. London sent higher |
prices and bought here to a moderate extent, J
but this support was without avail to sustain i
the market. The fear of an unfavorable bank
statement was a heavy weight on the mar
ket. The New York clearing bouse banks have '
lost heavily during the week, both through the |
interior movements and to the sub-Treasury, j
Shipments on balance to the interior to the j
extent of nearly $2,000,000 can be traced. The ]
statements of J}je sub-Treasury during the week
show that institution to have absorbed on ac- j
count of internal and revenue customs pay
ments and deposits for shipment to the interior,
something like $3,800,000, alter allowing for pay- i
ment of $700,000 on account of drafts from the j
San Francisco Mint. Some allowance is to be
made for receipts in gold, at assay offices which
are credited to the banks, and there is an
apparent loss of cash of nearly $5,000,000. There
Is no evidence of any sufficient reduction of
deposit liabilities by contraction of loans to
offset this fall In cash resources.
There was not much done in the bond mar
ket to-day, but prices were firmly held. Total
sales, par value. $1,680,000.
United States Government bonds unchanged
in bid quotations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2.650 Atcbison 22%
25,435 Atchlson prefd 64 r ,
1,200 Baltimore & Ohio 55
Canadian Pacific 96%
1.920 Canada Southern 54 '
1.000 Central Pacific 57%
S.ttX) Chesapeake & Ohio 2^\ ;
5.210 Chicago Great Western 16 !
7,020 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 135%
100 Chicago Ind & Louis 9»i
Chicago Ind & Louis prefd....: 41
3.6 M Chicago & Eastern Illinois <'7 : 2
5.2<") Chicago & Northwestern 167
9.100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 119%
3.200 C C C & SI Louis 57%
1.215 Colorado Southern 6%
1,237 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14%
200 Delaware & Hudson 122
1,000 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 17S*i
1,400 Denver & Rio Grande 23
200 Denver & ltlo Grande prefd 77',;
Erie 14
100 Erie Ist prefd 3:1
7'») Great Northern prefd 166"?
200 Hocking Coal IS ' •
1..-.H Hocking Valley 35 i
1,213 Illinois Centra] 115%
lowa Central 14V 4
357 lowa Central prefd 58Vi
300 Kansas City Pittsburg 8.- Gulf WV4
100 Lake Erie & Western 21
400 Lake Erie & Western prefd SOU
Lake Shore 2011
--6.880 Louisville & Nashville 80%
4.300 Manahttan L 112%
355 Metropolitan Street Railway 200 V,
300 Mexican Central ]t"« :
1,400 Minn & St Louis 76V-
Minn & St Louis prefd '.<: "
3,900 Missouri Pacific 4ss
100 Mobile & Ohio 4S'ij
2K) Missouri Kansas <fc Texas 14'^
4,810 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 4::-\
1,400 New Jersey Central i:- '.
15.950 New York Central 13S} 4
1,310 Norfolk & Western 26'<
745 Norfolk & Western prefd 7! ' i
6,8 • Northern Pacific 56^
1,400 Northern Pacific prefd 77*;
5,500 Ontario & Western 26%
Oregon Railway & Nay 45 !
100 Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 77
7,235 Pennsylvania 135%
200 Reading 22
5.500 Reading Ist prefd 61 1 *
2,700 Reading 2d prefd 32;£
200 Rio Grande eWstern 39 I
Rio Grande Western prefd 83 I
1,000 St Louis & San Fran hi. !
100 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
600 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 37%
100 St Louis Southwestern L 6%
2,200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 37^
11,350 St Paul i;w±
St Paul prefd 171;:".
4,910 St Paul & Omaha 120% '
28,750 Southern Pacific 3t,%
1,050 Southern Railway I2ii
1,950 Southern Railway prefd :^' a
1.450 Texas & Pacific 21
11.720 Union Pacific 4104
22.645 Union Pacific prefd so
Wabash '. ~~^
1,000 Wabash prefd 22 5 i
645 Wheeling & L X  12
1,660 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd SO
200 Wisconsin Central is
P C C & St Louis 7714
Express Companies —
Adams 115
American 153
United States 50
Wells Fargo 133
Miscellaneous —
1,000 American Cotton OH 434
American Cotton Oil prefd 93'j
100 American Malting n\i
American Malting prefd 65%
1,450 American Smeltlr.g & Ref 42%
200 American Smelting & lief prefd 91
100 American Spirits SV.
American Spirits prefd 27
2.750 American Steel Hoop ss^
1,200 American Steel Hoop prefd 84%
4,600 American Steel & Wire 56»i
200 American Steel &- Wire prefd 9S?i
r.lO American Tin Plate 43
100 American Tin Plate prefd 90
25.860 American Tobacco 127Vu
American Tobacco prefd 143
1,010 Anaconda Mining Co -.;,.•.,
54 265 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 103%
1,600 Colorado Fuel & Iron si
9,260 Continental Tobacco •.. 46%
6,160 Continental Tobacco. prefd 9S^4
6,400 Federal Steel 60
400 Federal Steel prefd 82
100 General Electric 124
200 Glucose Sugar 64« i
2.120 Glucose Sugar prefd 106
200 International Paper 31%
445 International Paper prefd 76
Laclede Gas 64
National Biscuit 47U
National Biscuit prefd <•$ '
National Lead 3114
National Lead prefd no
1,000 National Steel 35%
200 National Steel prefd S7\
200 New York Air BraKe 168
200 North American 12%
Pacific Coast... 46%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 35
380 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
400 Pacific Mail < 46%
7,920 People's Gas 1191,
100 Pressed Steel Car sgit,
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd S'ta^
I Pullman Palace Car 155'
300 Standard Rope *. Twine
I 13.540 Sugar 165^
] Sugar prefd :......' 119
i 8,480 •Republic Iron & Steel 28%
1,060 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 771,;
I 16,550 Tennessee Coal & Iron 9774
, 2.050 United States Leather 10
1,000 United States Leather prefd 75U
2,050 United States Rubber 49*4
United States Rubber prefd 115U
% 614 Western Union : sgi^
441,300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100 HIM X & T 2ds 72%
Do Si ng 108% Do 4s 94V
Do 3s coup tO«% NYC lsts 111%
Do new 4s reg....T3nu N J C gen 65.. 120
Do new 4s coup. .130'4->'o Caro 6s 129
Do old 4« reg 111% Do 4s 104
Do old 4s coup. ..113 In Pacific lsts 118
Do 5a reg 111% Do 3s 67
Do ft. coup 111 HI Do ,... 103*
THE SAN FKAJS CISCO CALL, SATUED AY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
Diet of Col 5.«55...117 IN T C & St L .108
! Ala class A 109% N & W con 4s 96
'< Do class B 109 ; Do gen 6s 135
Do class C 103 Or Nay lsts 112^ ;
Do Currency 102% Do 4s 103>4
Atch pen 4s 102% Or Short Line 65. .129
Do adi 4s SSVij Do con 5s 117VJ !
. Can So 2ds 103 Reading gen 45.... 87% j
i Ches & Ohio 4"*s.. 96% R G W lsts 98%
Do 5s 119 St L & I M con 55.114
; Chi & N con 75.... 145 ,St L& S F gen 65.124 :
• Do S F deb 65....110 Vi l Pt Paul cone 170
! Chi Term 4s 99 St PC & P 15t5.. ..1214
i D & R G lstß 105%. Do os 122
: Do 4s 101 So Railway 5s 109% :
! E T V & G 15t5. ..105 Stand RAT (i 5.... 87.
| Erie gen 4s 72% Term new set 35... 96 i
iFW &D C lsts... SO Tex & Pac 15t5....110H j
! Gen Electric 5? 116 | Do 2ds •><>** j
; G H & S A 6s 108 |U Pacific 4s 105%
I Do 2ds 108 Wabash lsts lib j
i H &- T C SS. 110 : Do 2ds 100%
i Do con Bs 112 West Shore 4s 113'«
i lowa Cent lsts 116 Wls Cent lsts 78
iKCP &ft lHts.... 72 Va Centuries 5714
La new con 4s 106 | Do deferred 6
L & N uni 4s 100' i CAS 4s 87
MINING STOCKS.
Choilar SOiOphlr 1 W
Crown Point ;. 20 Plymouth mlO
I Con Cal & Va 2 00 Quicksilver ..• 2 00 j
' Dead wood 65 Do preferred 800 j
Gould & Curry.... 35 Sierra Nevada .0 j
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 !!5! |
Iron Silver BO, Union Con.. • 20,
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket 26 j
Ontario 7 50!
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— , -I West End 85 j
Call loans 3«f4Vi' Do Prefd 113
I Time' loans 4#5 Westlnglis Elec... 49
Stocks— Do prefd 63 ;
Atch T A St F.... tSU Bonds—
Do prefd 64% Atchison 4s 100
Anier Sugar 166% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 120H Adventure 9 i
. Bell Tele 360 Allouez Mm C 0.... 6% ,
Boston & Albany.. Atlantic 80%
Boston Ele 110 Boston & M0nt... .350
Boston & Maine... 193 Butte & Boston... 74
' Chi B & Q 185% Calumet & Hecla..B35 #
Fltchburg prefd. ..llS ; Centennial 35
, Gen Electric 124% Franklin 20
Federal Steed 59% Humboldt 2%
Do prefd 81% Osceola 88
Mcx Central 15 i Parrot 61V*
Mich Tele 100 Qutncy 159
Old Colony 20$ St Fe Copper 14% j
! Old Dominion 35 |Tamarack 226
Rubber Winona 11*
r Pacific 4«% Wolverines 46
. Union Land : 7 |Utah 43
Wis Central 18 i
The Money Market.
, NEW YORK, Sept 1.- Money 'on call steady
1 I at 3'i per cent; last loan 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4»4©6 per cent. Sterling ex- i
' change, steady, with actual business In bank- :
i em' bills at $4 S6®4 S6U for demand and at i
Is 4 <-^-4 SUV, for sixty days. Posted rates, J4 84
I and $4 %*,<§ 4 87H- Commercial bills. $4 S2. Sil- j
ver certificates. sS%<a6Oc. Silver. 59c. Mcxi- j
can dollars, 47 ! jC. Government bonds, steady.
State bonds, strong. Railroad bonds, firm.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. I.— To-day's statement j
of the condition of the Treasury shows avail- I
able cash balance, $279,352,872; gold reserve, I
767,971.
Shipment of Silver.
NEW YORK, Sept. I.— The steamer Ktrurla,
sailing for Europe to-morrow, will take out
419,000 ounces of silver.
• London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. I.— The Commercial Ad- j
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
: The markets here to-day were heavy, the j
: Transvaal situation being regarded as more 1
acute. The attendance was slim. Americans,
were firm, but New York sold, causing a . sag i
until the close. They were a shade higher In ;
the street. The weaker spots were Erie and I
Ati hlson preferred. Business was meager.
j TintOS were 4" 13-16. The dividend. It is ex
pected, will be 80s, making the yield at the
present price 8 per cent. Anacondas' were ll l^. j
Money was in good demand. The bank has ;
I been borrowing. India Is holding off from
silver. Copper statistics for the fortnight show
stocks decrease 174; supplies decrease 324.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Sept. I.— Canadian Pacific. 99%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 79%: Union Pacific
preferred, 81%; Atchison, 23 1 b; Anaconda, ll\;
Bar Silver, quiet, 27s 3-16 d; Money, 2V4 per
j cent.
Brad street's Financial Review.
♦ » ■
NE"W York, Sept. L— Bradstreet's Financial i
i to-morrow will say: It has ben a
rather dull speculative week, the market Ix'ing ,
almost entirely in the hands of professional In
terests. In its earlier' days the tone was heavy !
and m I I cessions were recorded, owing
to the rather unfavorable aspect of the Trans
vaal dispute. London's nervousness on that
uas reflected In the New York market,
although this feeling took the form of an in
tlon to Btart any large movement rather |
than of active bearishness In the market at
| large. In the last days the hardening of money
•nt to the September disbursements
has been a factor and would account In a
measure for the relatively small amount of.
trading and the disposition of certain stocKs,
which have lately been the objects of bullish
\ manipulation, to recede slightly. Lotnl.,n,
after its recovery (rum the fear about rupture i
In 6 uth Africa, contributed toward the steady
ing of prices in our market. It« purchases, |
however, were not upon a large scale and were i
; confined mainly t" a few low-priced stocks. '
Although large interests in the Wall street ■
markets were not active^, there was neverthe
t< evidence of support in various parts of the !
list whenever the room traders attempted to
.-••I! .~twks down. At the same time manifesta
tiona of bullish activity aftd sentiment were
mainly confined to the low-priced stocks and
' railroad specialties, some of the representa
tive of that class which le.l the recent move
ment in their division of the list falling back
, a little, while other properties of the same
■ kind came into more or less prominence. None '
Of the fluctuations of the week in the standard
Stocks were of an important character, and It !
was mainly in the industrials and specialties
I like (ViiMjllriated Gas that any considerable
' swings were seen, although on Friday the Van-
I ilerbllt properties showed strength and activity
baaed on the annual report of the New York
Central road. The fact that the crops are
safe and that railroad earnings continue to In- !
crease tend to support prices and to diminish :
tli>- Influence of the prevalent feeling: that
prices for many of the dividend-paying securi- ]
ties have fully discounted present prospects.
One Of the noticeable features of the week has
lief-n the strength of the steel and iron group i
of securities, some representatives of that
: ! class creeping up without apparent effort or
any considerable activity.
: ; Several Important developments affecting rail
: nad properties were announced. A plan for
! the reorganization of the Kansas City, Pitts
r \ burs and Gulf road was brought by the New ,
! York reorganization committee. This, how- i
, j ever, seems to involve the probability of a con- j
: fllct with the rival Philadelphia committee and
, It must be admitted that 'he securities of the ;
i company in question have little interest for
Wall street. A much more important Incident, '
] though it was hardly reflected by the market, I
p ! was the declaration of a 2 per cent semi-an
nual dividend upon Onion Pacific preferred,
i thus placing that stock on a 4 per cent bfislp.
i Accompanying thie was the announcement that
i the company Is to Increase its preferred stock
! : by $2".. 000.000. making the total of that class of !
i shares $1110.000,000. The increase, together with
a further Issue of $7,609,000 of common stock, is
to be used to retire the remaining shares IP f
< ire^-on Railway and Navigation Company and
, the junior bonds of the Oregon Short Line
' This plan will give the Tnlon Pacific complete
, ! control of its lines from Omaha to Portland
( >r . and hap led to a revival of the old story I
that a consolidation of the Union Pacific with '•
• ; the Chicago and Northwestern and possibly a
i lease of both properties to the New York Cen- !
i j tral is In progress. _,
Bi adstrect 's on Trade.
NEW YORK, Sept. I.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: With an exceptionally heavy
business already booked for the latter portion
of the year the mercantile community faces the
trade situation with testified to by
very generally firm prices and with quotations
in a number of lines showing; further marked
advances. The most conspicuous exception jto
this Is found in cereals, which are weak and
declining. Lower prices for wheat, corn and
oats point to simulative liquidation of tired
holders, who, with confidence in the future of
prices, have weakened under unsatisfactory
foreign demand, large racsipts and the near
approach of expected . heavy crop movement.
Corn crop prospects, though loss rosy, still
point to a full yield. Cotton, too, has weakened
slightly, chiefly because advices of rain at the
South, though Texas crop advices are still un
satisfactory and stories of permanent demand
are forthcoming. With these exceptions most
staples are either firmly held or evince decided
progress upward, notßbly In this latter respect
being iron and steel of all kinds, but particu
larly, piglron, which Is now the center of trade
Interest owing: to heavy demand, particularly
lor foundry grades, at a^vanceing prices. Trade
I reports would seem to Indicate that a good part
of "the productive capacity of the country is
! already engaged for the first half of 1900.
Sympathetic- strength is evinced by other
classes of material, among the materials ad
vancing this week being bar lrtm at nearly all
markets, steel billots, rolled iron and steel, tin
plates and nails.
From the manufactured textile trade excep
tionally good reports come. August witnessed
a reneral gain In the prices of cotton and
| ■woolen goods evidently the outcome of an ac
! tive demand ' Judging from reports from lead-
Ing cities. •:r \, w' v ■
Scarcity of material and backward deliveries
of same are reported by clothing manufactur
l ers at many points North. West and South.
Among other textiles strength is especially
I notable In hemp and sympathy with Ix>ndon.
whence come reports that Philippine shipments
' will shortly cease Increased strength has been
j imparted to hides and leather this week by the
: launching, of the new upper leather combina
tion. Boot and shoe manufacturers are actu
ally employed, hut the margin of profit is re
ported to be exceedingly small owing to keen
competition. ,  . ,
Lumber retains all of its old activity, and in
some lines manifests new strength as regards
prices. The refined sugar war apparently still
continues, one result belnsr the stimulation or
consumption to a notable extent. A good
business is doing In tobacco at most markets,
special activity being reported from manufac
turing centers in Florida, whence it is re
ported that the Cuban crop will be a very large
one.
In industrial lines the situation is reported
very satisfactory. Employment is general and
strikes and labor troubles generally are con
spicuous by their absence.
Business failures tor the week are the small
est reported for a long time, numbering only
131, as compared with 154 last week. 1«4 In this
week a year ago, 198 in 1897, 336 in 1*96 and I>4
in 189r>. - ■- -'^
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3,613.413 bushels, against 3.313.
--S2R bushels last week. 3.557.040 bushels in the
corresponding week of IS9S. fi.258.240 in 189..
3.369,862 bushels in 189« and 2.280.261 bushels in
IS9R. Since July 1 this season the exports or
wheat aggregate 33.122.337 bushels, against 29,
--593.592 bushels last year and 83,851,246 bushels
In 1897-9 S.
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 25, as compared with 23
last week and In this week a year ago, 31 In
1897 and in 1596 and 33 In 1895.
Dun's Reviezv of Trade.
NEW YORK, Pept. I.— R. O. Dun * Co.'*
weekly review of trade will p.'iy to-morrow:
The astonishing feature is the magnitude of
demand, notwithstanding prices which would
ordinarily check it. In products dW^ctly con
sumed by Individuals the larger employment
and better wages of the working force give
explanation. Efforts to meet the demand call
for mire stores, manufacturing works and ma
chinery and facilities for transportation, as If
every man's wages were in part diverted to
build up the nation's machinery of manufactur
ing and distribution. The occasion promises
quick profits, the building Is largely for the
future, and It goes on In spite of unusual
prices.
The demand exceeds the supply of Pessemer
pig, again raiFing the price for that and an
thracite to $22 50, Southern foundry to - { >- 20
at Pittsburg. with heavy sales; gray forge to
$19 and Southern at Chicago to $80 66, with
local coke nt $21. Structural shapes were ad
vanced $5 i*>r ton a week ago, cut nails 25
cents per k>-g this week, plates $2 per ton.
common bar iron to M *-7 ; : at Pittsburg and
tool steel to 7 cents, with larK Mexican orders
placed for pipe and good orders for bridges at
Chicago. Few works can promise delivery be
fore December, and most "f the heavy con
tracts placed have be--n for next year's de
livery.
Recent advances in boots and shoes and
leather do not prevent large business, and
hides have slightly risen at Chicago. Ship
ments of boots and Fhoes from Boston, 5.7
per cent larger than In any other year to date,
were 14.1 pnr cent larger In August than in
any other year, and 24 p»r cent larger than In
IVi2. Buyers press for early delivery. Manu
facturers refuse many orders and some hiivp
already contracts for further ahead than they
wish. leather ia a little stronger with a
heavy business.
Sales of wool have been moderate, fi. 325.700
pounds for the week and for five weeks, 42,0n:>.
--?90, of which 86,468,390 were domestic, and when
the lost great speculation was in progress s.-iles
in the same weeks of 1895 were 67.669,292 pounds,
of which 30.115.1i57 were domestic. Some hesi
tancy in buying by manufacturers is attrib
uted to current prices and In quarter-hlood
washed fleece and unwashed and combing light,
some concessions have been made, so that
the average of lf>o ((notations by Coates Bros.
is about 20.33 cents, ag;iin~i 20.40 cents August
1. Mills have strong demands for goods, and
the clay worsted have further advanced. In
cotton goods demand exceeds supply and many
kinds have advanced, although the material
has declined.
Wheat has declined, mainly because reports
of Injury in the Northwest have been dis
credited and the exports from both coasts have
been " for the week 3,010,010 bushels, against
3,785,759 last year, and for five weeks 16,114,685
bushels, against 16,875,839 last year. The West
ern receipts have been 19,551.474 bushels,
against 20,820,585 last year, indicating in re
cent weeks some disposition on the part of
the farmers to hold their grain.
The enormous exports of corn, 20.502.129 bush
el?., against 10,999.495 In the same weeks last
year, and the Western receipts, 19.722,109 bush
els, against 19,620,787 last year, are not to be
forgotten and have caused a decline of 1 cent
in prices.
Failures for the week have been 141 In the
United States, against 171 last year, and 25
In Canada, against 22 last year.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Sept. I.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at all principal cities for the week ended
September 1, with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
' •_ Percentage
Cities— Inc. Ec
New York $910,173,610 12. ...'.
Boston 119,282,178 19.7 ....
Chicago 105,302. 0'.»6 12.",
Philadelphia 78.453.72S 21.1 ....
St. Louis 25.188,506 11.7
Plttsburg 19,995,905 12.3
Baltimore 19,638,000 39.4 ....
Pan Francisco 17,795,885 13.8 ....
Cincinnati 12,102,050 18.9
Kansas City 13.085.868* 26.0
New Orleans 5,059,679 .... ....
Minneapolis 8,132,976 11.5 .. .
Detroit 6,391,715 11.3
Cleveland 10.231,. .14 17.
Louisville 7,265,00n 25.5 ....
Providence 5,276,200 35.3 ....
Milwaukee 4.634,022 9.8
St. Paul 3.615.361 4.1
Buffalo 3.992,369 13.
Omaha 5,390.53") 9.5
Indianapolis ■. 5,047,350 7.1
Columbus, 0 4.431,400 37.1
Savannah 2.169.901 37.3
Denver 3,424,759 54.9
Hartford 1.843,765 .... 10.1
Richmond 2,591,797
Memphis 1,310,373 .... 27.0
Washington 1,643,374 16.2
Peoria 1,657,350 35.-1 ....
Rochester 1,576,173 6.6
New Haven 1,456,063 6.2
Worcester 914, .... 33.2
Atlanta 1,924,000 17.4 ....
Salt Lake City 2,453,009 36.1
Springfield. Mass.. 937,030 .... 19.5
Fort Worth 1,753,372 ....
Portland, Me 1,247.630 .... 6.5
Portland. Or 1,585,211 30.1
St. Joseph 3.134.752 1.4
Los Angeles 1,520.295 19.2
Norfolk 878497 16.7 ....
Syracuse 754,625 6.1 ....
Dcs Molnes 1,071.573 14.3
Nashville 1,031,116 26.8
Wilmington, Del... 655,663 14.9
Fall River 550.628 5.9
Scranton 1,036.514 36.8 ....
Gran 4 Rapids 1,036,977 ....
Augusta. C.a 693,220 49.0
Lowell 362.T55 .... 27.8
Dayton, O M 2.317 25.1
Seattle 1,610,074 21.9
Tacoma 968,994 . 51.1
Spokane 1,127.214 85.3
Sioux City 821:182 .... 1.7
New Bedford 847.854 .... 8.6
Knoxvllle. Term... 4SO.n4(J .... 20.3
Topeka 518,557
Birmingham 542,049 45.6
Wichita r,0?,150 44.3
Binghamton 239,600 31.1
Lexington 324.786 .... 53.8
Jacksonville, Fla.. 178,077 17. *
Kalamazoo 285,040 10.0
Akron 344.500 42.7
J Chattanooga 270.402 ..... 12.3
i Rockford, 111 197,241 92. S
i Canton. 0 224,000 34.9
Springfield, 0 228.42? 18.1
Fargo, N. D 247.659 152.0
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 59.640 8.5
Hastings, Neb 126.816 . 69.4
Fremont, Neb 110.8SS . 25.0
Davenport 731,278 — ....
Toledo 2.727,715 44.6
Galveston 5.756.400 .... 1.0
Houston 6,288,166 49.4
Younßstown 245,134 .... ....
Evansville 723.630 41.4
I Helena 629,522 .... 4.5
Macon 412,000 26.3 ....
Springfield. 11l 409,471 :.
Little R0ck......... • 259,76S ....
Saglnaw 319,768
Totals. U. 5....51,443.r;64.R57 - 13.9 ...;
Totals outside New r \.J*
York 533.355.207 16.9
DOMINION OP CANADA.
Montreal $11,750,198 3.3 ....
Toronto 7.372.123 6.0
■Winnipeg 1.612.787 18.0 ....
Halifax 2,953,937 169.9
Hamilton 665.654 28.8 ....
St. John. N. B 633,230 ■ 7.4
Vancouver 1,061,897 — ....
Victoria, B. C 590.85S
Totals $24,987,829: 14.1 ....
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
<~HT' - Ar,r>, Sftpt. 1.-'"ATTMi;-w-(iay«T^
supply of cattle waa well taken at steady
prices. Good to choice beeves sold at $5 70@
6 65; commoner lots at $4 10-35 65: stickers and
feeders, $3 25®5; bulls, cows and heifers, $2®
6 25; Texas steers, $3 30@4 30; calves, $4 800
7 25. '
HOGS— Trade in hogs was fair at a fur
ther reduction in prices of s(Jfloc. Heavy hogs.
$3 90©4 50: mixed lots. %i 20<a4 60: lights, $4 25
@4 70: pigs. $3 40®4 40; culls. $2i83 85.
SHEEP— There was a good demand for sheep
and lambs at strong prices. Sheep. $2 26©
4 50; Western rangers. $3 50(54 25: lambs, $3 BO
<g6: few prime lots bringing $6 25. •
Receipts— 2000; hogs, 16,000; sheep, 6000.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. FLOUR— Receipts, 19,- ;
340 barrels; exports, 20,407 barrels; weak and
dull.. :.
WHEAT— Receipts, 199,975 bushels; exports,
29,014 bushels. Spot— Easy; No. 2 red. 74% C, f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 74% c, f. o.
b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 81% cto
arrive; No. 2 rod, 72% c elevator. Options
opened easy at unchanged prices for the week,
cables, big Northwest receipts and heavy Sep
tember deliveries acting as the chief selling
motives. After a Flight midday decline the
market later hardened. May, 79®79^4c, closed
79% c; September, 73i4@73iic closed 73>*c; De
cember, 76>i@76%c, closed 76'/ic.
HOPS— Steady.
HlDES— Steady.
OLrr-Qulet.
METALS- loading feature of interest to
day in metals were spelter and tin. these
metals advancing decidedly on pressing demand
from nearly all quarters and favorable news
from the English market. Lead ruled quiet.
The other departments were slow and un
changed. At the close the Exchange called:
-Warrants, unchanged, at $16.
. LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at $1S 60.
TIN-Firmer; $31 70 bid and $32 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, at $4 60 bid and $4 62»i
asked.
The brokers" price for ■ lead is $4 35 and for
copper $18 50.
SPELTER— Firmer, with $5 50 bid and $5 fiO
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, net un
changed to 10 points lower. Sales 14,250 bags,
including September, $4 35;, October. $4 40^4 45;
November, $4 45; December, $4 70; January.
$4 75; April, $4 95: May, $5; July, $5 05. Spot
coffee — Rio, dull and nominal; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, quiet.
BUTTER — Receipts, 1920 packages; firm.
Western creamery, 17 q21c; factory, 12V4-§lsc.
EGGS— Receipts, 14,775 packages; firm. West
ern ungraded at mark, 12»,4<?3<15V4c. .
California Dried Fruits.
NOW YORK, Sept. I.— California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7%c;
prime wire tray, SVi'g'SVic; choice, S%@9c; fancy,
PRXJNES— «%®Bc.
APRICOTS- Royal, 14c: Moorpark, 14f16c.
PEACHES- Kn peeled. B©U%C
Chicago Wheat Market.
CHICAGO, Sept I.— Wheat suffered from lack ■.
of interest and closed %c lower for December,
but unchanged for September. The must prom
inent feature ot the day's session in wheat
was the extreme dullness of trading, and to
this more than anything contained in the news
was the slight decline which closed the lead
ing speculative option. The market was a
shade lower at the start In both September
and December, the result of lower quotations
fr,om Liverpool. There was, however, little
selling of consequence. Deliveries on Septem- j
ber contracts were heavy. Armour putting out i
about 750,000 bushels, though this had appar
ently been discounted by traders, for if had i
little effect, and buying orders for September
were In the hands of several commission houses.
December opened a shade lower at 69%@69%c.
The market held at about those prices lor some
time, but with little trading elu»er way. A
short period of comparative strength followed,
the market, reversing the usual order of things,
following the lead of course grains, which
showed considerable strength. But about noon .
the lack of interest had turned prices down- j
ward. It was mostly a scalpers" market af
ter that time and based chiefly on puts and
call. The bears did little until longs got load
ed up, but after that they put pressure on the
market at Intervals and succeeded in shaking
out long wneat In some quantities and caused
a slow decline in prices. There was not much
export inquiry and the local cash business was
slow. September advanced To' c, declined to
69% c, and closed unchanged at 69 5 ,*c. December
declined to 71% c and closed He lower at 71%
@71% c.
■ Corn was firm and slightly higher all day.
December closed %c higher.
Oats were higher all around In sympathy with '
corn. December closing V»@l4c higher and i
September %©%c up.
Provisions were decidedly active and weak.
Official confirmation of the reported breaking
out of yellow fever at Key West caused liquida
tion from all quarters and flattened out prices j
of pork and ribs. Lard did not suffer so much.
Lower pork prices contributed to the weakness. I
PacKers were moderate sellers. At the close
October pork was 22%e lower, lard 5c lower ana
ribs 10{il2 l lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. '
Wheat No. 2—
September 69% 70% 89% 69%
December 71% 72% 71% 71%
May "i'% 75>i 74% 74%
Corn No. 2—
September 3014 SIVi 30% 31%
December 28% 28% 28% 28%
May 29% 29% 29% 29%
Oats No, 2—
September 20 20% 20 20' i
December 19% 20 19% 19 vt.
May 21% 21% 21% 21% ;
Mesa pork, per bbl—
September 807 810 7 87% 7 92%
October 8 20 8 20 8 00 8 02%
January 9 47% 9 52% 9 37% 940
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September.. 5 17% SJO 6 17% 5 17%
October .....5 25 5 27% 620 5 22%
January 5 42% 5 42% 5 37% 5 37%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 5 07% 510 500 5 02 -4
October 5 17% 520 510 5 12%
January 4 92% 4 97% 490 4 92%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, 1
steady; No. 3 Spring Wheat, 69@70c; No. 2 Red, 1
72% c; No. 2 Corn. 31 %c; No. 2 Oats, 20Vi@21%c;
No. 2 Whit.-. 23@23%c: No. 3 White 22@23%c:
No. 2 Rye, 56c; No. 2 Barley, 40c; No. !
Flax Seed, $117; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 30©
2 35; Mess Pork, per bbl, $7 30*}; 8 05 ; Lard, per
LOO lbs, $3 07%(!i5 20; Short-rib Sides (loose),
$4 85@5 20; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 5V4@
5%c; Short Clear Sides (boxed), $■• 45@8 55;
Whisky, distillers' finished good, per gal, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels $. 13,000 10,000
Wheat, bushels 84,000 40,000 1
Corn, bushels 503,000 401,000 |
Oats, bushels 509.000 381,000
Rye, bushels 7,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 32,000 1,00")
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creamery, 16@20c; dairy,
12V4@17c Cheese, firm; 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm;
lresh, ll'/iglSc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 8% 5 IH4
Closing 5 9'fe 5 1114
PARIS.
Wheat— : "« ' Bapt. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 73 2100
Closing 19 75 20 85
Flour-
Opening 27 00 27 90
Closing 27 15 27 90
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. Sept. I.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes-- Tokay, 95cig!
$1 15 single crates, Peaches— Late Crawford,
average $1; Orange Clint;. 33c!!??l 05; Straw
berry Free, $1 05; Yellow Free, average $1; Pie
(juets Late, average $1 10. Pears— Bart let
$1 30@2 per box. Prunes— German, average $1 2U
single crates; Ores, ?130J{>155; Silver, average
$1 10.
Porter Bros. Company's sales: Pears—Bart
letts, $1 15@1 35 box. Crawfords, 85®
95c box.
NEW YORK, Sept. — Potter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit:
Pears— Bartletts, $1 2. >'(i2 30 box and SS^Oc
half box. Nectarines— oScSSl 15 crate. Grapes-
Tokays. $1 20@2 15 slncle crate and $4 double
crate; Malagas. Sf>e{?sl crate. Peaches—Straw
berry.- $14? 1 50 box;: Orange. 40c® Jl; Salways,
90cfi)$l; 'Seville. 4.ic: Ijowell, 65c; Freestone,
Goc@sl 05; Lemon Cling. 8oc; Susquehanna, 70®
75c; Late Crawfords,. 68c. Prunes— Gros. Jl 60
crate; Hungarians, Jl 25; Silver. 70c@$l 25.
Plums— Kelseys, 80c@Jl 15 crate; Grand Duke,
$1 95 crate. • I
LONDON, Sept. I.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales California fruit:
Bartlt-tts, 9fic@sl EC half lox; Duchess,
Jl 80 half box; Beurre Hardys, $1 6S@l 92
half box; Beurre Clairgeus. $1 44 half box;
Congress. $1 50 half box.
*
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. I.— Exchanges, $255.
--072; balances, $63,197.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. I.— There were small
lots of wheat sold to-day at varying prices.
Some nsw crop Walla Walla of good weight
and color sold up to 59c with other lots of the
same variety, but poorer grade going at 58c. Old
crop will bring about lc more than these fig
ures. Valley Is unchanged, the ruling figures
being about 60c. Freights are nominally un
changed.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 1. -Wheat is weak, but the
local market Is unchanged at 57^ for club and
60c for blue stem.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. I.— Consols. 106; Silver.
27 3-lfic; French Rentes. lOOf 57% c; wh»at car
goes off coast, more inquiry; cargoea on pis
sage. qui<=t and steady; English country mar
kets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 1. -Wheat, dull; wh*at
in Paris, dull; flour in Parts, dull; French
country markets, steady; weather in England
hea 1 . y showers.
COTTON— C'plands. 3 15-32.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. I.— WHEAT— Spot No 2
Red Western winter, tin]!. 5s 9%d; No 1 North
ern spring, dun, fis %d. Futures— Steady
tember, :.s 9%d; October, :.s IVs<l.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 61 days — $1 5314
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 55%
Sterling Cables....' — 4 87 "
New York Exchange. sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12 1 ;
Mexican Dollars. 49 4914
Fine Silver, per ounce — 53
Wheat and Other Grains,
WHEAT— Remains dull and nominal, with
but little demand from any quarter.
Chicago opened steady but dull. Prospects of
large receipts depressed the market. Buyers
held off for lower prices. Cables were %c off.
Northwestern stocks decreased 660,000 bushels
during the week and some frost was reported
there. Deliveries were about 1,000,000 bushels
and Argentine shipments were 900,000 bushels.
September deliveries were moderate and the
September liquidation was about over. The
feeling was weak at the close, with free selling
by the longs.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 05@l 07%; milling.
$1 10<Sl 13%.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second December— 6ooo ctls, $1 11%;
4000. $1 11%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 12,000
ctls, $1 11%; 10,000, $1 11%; May— 4ooo, $1 16%.
Afternoon Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 11%;
4000, H 11 4: May— Booo, $1 16%. •
BARLEY— The Crompton takes for Antwerp
97,711 ctls, valued at $109,386. The market con
tinues dull and unchanged.
Feed, 77%'&53%c; Brewing, 87%@92%c; Cheva
lier, $1 10&1 22% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '93, new —
2000 ctls, Sl%c.
Afternoon Session— No sale?.
OATS— Though offerings are not large the de
mand is nil and the market Is flat. White,
$1 1501 25; Red, $1 n:,T;i 12% per ctl; Black,
90c<5$l.
CORN— DuII and unchanged. Eastern large
Yellow, $1 05@l 07%; Whit», $1 07%; mixed, $1 05
@1 07% per ctl.
RYE— 9o#92%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60® 3 75,
usual terms; baKers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4Q©3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100' lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 BO; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 S'J(B4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4:34 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. 13 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 5506 95; in sacks, $6 3506 76;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff
The export business of the port is so heavy
that dealers cannot secure room on vessels to
take Hay ordered for the Islands, so this outlet
is practically closed for the present. Hay seems
to be out of luck all around this year. A good
I deal of It stands .1 fine chance to get rained
I on. as baling is greatly delayed this year.
Feedstuffs are as previously quoted. Sale on
! call of 2000 ctls Bran, seller '99, at $13 25.
I BRAN— Bo@l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $18018 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27028; Jobbing,
J2S 829; Cocoa nut Cake, J20@21; Cornmeal,
$23 50@24 50; Cracked Corn, $24925; Mixed Feed.
$16016 50: Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
1 Wheat. $6 OOISS 50 for common to good
and $9J?9 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $8!SS;
Oat, J" 50©8; Barley, $s<gi> 60; Island Barley,
I $4 50(g5 50; Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed
Wheat, $6<§9.
STRAW— 2O@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers quote the old prices, with a dull
market- ■
BEANS— Bayos. $1 70@l SO; Small White. $2 05
©115; Large White, $1600175; Pinks. $2 150
2 25; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 15@4 25; But
ters, nominal; Limaa. $4 10!<j4 15; Pea. $2 15@
2 35: Red Kidneys. $2@'2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 2%®3c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal: Flax. $1 90^2 10; Canary Seed,
2%@3c per lb t'er California and 3%c for East
ern;. Alfalfa. 8%®9%c; Rape, 3c: Hemp, 43
4%c: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED I'KAS— Niles, $1 25@1 50; Green, $1 50
@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
River Potatoes are" firmer, but Salinas are
weaker, as there is too much difference in price
between the two. Onions continue weak.
Sweet Potatoes are doing rather better.
The Vegetable market is overstocked. Toma
toes and Corn being the principal sufferers.
The latter is drying up for want of buyers.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 75©) ; Early
Rose, .")o@7oc: Burbanks. 45(?r70c per ctl; Sa
linas Hurl. auks. ?1 10@l 25; Sweet Potatoes, IVI
@I%C per ID.
ONIONS — 75@85c per ctl for Silverskins;
Pickle Ontons,~sP®7sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. ( Tf2c per Ib;
String Beans. l%@2c: Lima Beans, 2%<t?3c; Cab
bage, B0@60c; River Tomatoes, 15@40c: Alameda
Tomatoes, 30@40c; Egg Plant. 35(5 40c; Green
Okra. "'.^""r per box;- Garlic. 2tj3c; Green Pep
pers Ss@soc for Chili and 40<gT.0c per box for
Boll: Carrots. 30040 c per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
15@25c; Pickles. $1 50©1 7.". per ctl for No. 1 and
75c for No. -; Summer Squash, 25c; Marrow
fat Squash, $10 per ton; Green Corn, 25050 c per
sack, 50@75c per crate for Alameda and 25@40c
for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
The heavy receipts from the East this week
have kept local stock low and depressed. Tur
keys and Ducks are firm.
Grouse and Mountain Quail are now in sea
son, though none came in yesterday. Doves are
doing better.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14<ftl5c for Gob
blers and lIQISc for Hens; Young Turkeys,
16®>lSc; Geese, per pair. $1 5091 75; Goslings.
$1 50@2; Ducks. •$3 50#4 for old and $4@6 for
young; Hens. $4 50#5 50; young Roosters, $4 50®
5 50; old Roosters, $40*60; Fryers, $3 5004;
Broilers, $883 50 for large, $2 5003 for small;
Pigeons. $1 60©l 75 per dozen for old and $1 75
<g2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 73c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
What the Butter market needs more than
anything else is the formation of an exchange
where prices can be established. At present
dealers are quoting all sorts of prices, accord
ing to the state of their floors. One says that
25c is the top for creamery, and another shows !
sales at 80031 c. Still another quotes 2Sc and a
fourth 27c. This is a foolish state of affairs,
and is peculiar to San Francisco, for every
other important city in the United States has
an exchange and thus avoids this inexcusable
confusion. It is not doing business on modern
principles, but is the way of our grandfathers.
Butter is weak. Eggs and Cheese are very
steady at unchanged prices.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 25@27c; seconds,
24c.
Dairy— Fancy, ; 24c; good to choice, 22@23c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 20@21c; firkin, .19£21; creamery
tub. UO22c per lb.
CHEESE— mild new, ll@ll%c; old. 10
<fflo%c; Young America, ll@ll%c; Eastern, 13
@15c. . '
EGGS— Quoted at 20^25c for store and 27®
3oc per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 22%@24c for
selected. 20@21c for No. 1 and 17@19c for sec
onds. _ . -. ; -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market seems to be quieter all around.
The canners are still paying full, figures for
Pears and Peaches, but Grapes are in over
supply and very weak. Melons continue steady.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35<@60c per box for common and 75c@
$1 25 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries. $3(53 5n per chest;
Strawberries. $7 ter chest tor small ana
$2(ff" for large henries; Raspberries. $3@4 per
chest: Huckleberries. 805 c per lb.
Grapes. 25'540c per box and crate for Fon
talnebleau, 35&iQc for black, 40@60c for Mus
cat. 40(g-60c for Tokay. 65@70c for Seedless and
7BcQsl for Isabellas.
Watermelons. $«<O2O per 100. ♦_„« »(*?
Cantaloupes. 40@65c per crate; Nutmegs. 3ir?V
50c per box. „_ _„ -, _„_ 1
Pears, 40@60c per box: Bartletts. 7oc@Sl -5 per
box for green and 60075 c for ripe; in bulk. ?■«>
©50 per ton. -
Figs. 50-5750 per box for double layers or
small black and 50c for large purple.
Peaches, 25@65c per box and 25@35c per bas
ket; in bulk.~s2'jr<r3n per ton.
Plums. 2&OSOC per box; Prunes, 40®60c per
crate.
Quinces. 50@60c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $I@l 75 for com
mon and $2<53 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4@4 60; California Limes, nominal.
Bananas, $1 5002 50 per bunch; Pineapples, *1
@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins. -
The market for all kinds is rather unsettled.
Holders generally insist on full figures and
buyers come up to their views with extreme
reluctance. There is a pretty good business go
ing on, nevertheless.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks 6!ff6<ic for 40-50's, S'fSUc for 50-60's, 4^
4'4c for "lb for 60-70's, 3%c for 70-80*8, 3®3\ic
for SO-90's and 2»i(fc:2"ic for 90-100*s; Apricot*.
10%@Uc for Royals. 14@15c for Moorparks and
12'g12%c for Blenheims; Peaches, s@6c for
Standards and 6Uf'"c for choice: Evaporated
Apples, 7(?f7%c; Sun-dried, 4%@5%c per lb;
Nectarines. 7<-iSV.c per Ib: Pears, 7%@<!%c for
quarters and S(tf9c for halves: Black Figs, 3c.
RAISINS— for-two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, .>V for four crown, 4%(56c for Seedless
Sultanas 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $120
tor London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%03c.
NUTS- Walnuts. S(SSc for hardshell. 10@llc
for softshell; chile Walnuts, ll@12c; Almonds,
new crop, 7%c for Languedoc and 9%c for pa
per-shell; Peanuts, hH.< ! s fic for Eastern: Brazil
Nuts, S%<g'9c; Filberts, ll@ll%c; Pecans, 7%(j? ..
Sc; oanuta $4 SO'ffS.
HONEY— Comb. Il%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7%@7%c;
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 0%0
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24(S 26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8%0 per lb far ,
heavy, 9@9%c for light medium, lie for light,
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13% c; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $13 per Ib; extra
Prime Beef, $12 50; extra clear, $16 50; mess,
$15i§15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins, SUe; 5-lb tins, SUe
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%®7%c "per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
New Hops are on the market, rather earlier
than usual. They are of good quality, but the
market for them is not very strong and deal
ers look for lower prices when receipts be
come more liberal.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10%c; medium, 9®9%c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, tfc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kir. 9c; Calf,
lCc dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
18c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c: dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20030 c each; short
Wool, 35<g60c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool,
9OCB-$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2<g.2 25 for
large and $1 KOI 50 for small; Colts, 25@50c.
' TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb; No.
2, 3@2%c; refined. ; grease, 2(§2 1
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months. Sigllc; San Joaquin Foot-
I hill, defective, S@9c; Valley Oregon, 17@lSc; <,
Eastern Oregon, 12*? 14c for choice and 9ig.11%0
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs. S@loc; do
plains, ~(q*c\ San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7%®9c.
HOPS — New are nominal at 12%@13%c per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Outside- Calcuttas are selling down to
6%c, but the combination price is still TH I.1 '.
Wool Bags, 26'525c; Fruit Bags, 5Hc, 5%c nd
6c for the. three grades of white and 7@7%c for
bleached jute.
Wellington, $S per. ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 in bulk and $10 50
I in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
! Cannel, $3 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
I Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $11
I In sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
! there have been seven arrivals of coal from
Washington, with 17.391 tons; four from British
Columbia. 13,164: one from Baltimore. 3500;
I total, 34,055 tons. This is fully equal to th«
amount consumed. If we can keep up sU'.h
i deliveries there will be no cause for complaint,
■ but this is very dubious, as the increased de
i mand for fuel for the United States transports
! for several months to come means a very ma
terial shrinkage to our stocks in yard. The
winter months will be with us shortly, whi'h
signifies a doubling up of the monthly con
sumption of fuel for domestic uses, and th-»
reserve stock which should be on hand to meet
our fall requirements is not here. There are
several steamers en route, which will be called
Into requisition as coast coal transports, due
here in sixty to ninety days. With the aid
of these we shall probably tide over our diffi
culties, although it is sailing too close to the
wind for comfort.
"Freights on foreign coals are moving up
ward from all sections and carriers are scarce
at the advance. There seems to be a spon
taneous demand for steamers and sailers every
where. The result is the value of all ship
property has advanced 25 to 35 per cent this
year. It is time that shipowners should have
their innings; they have had hard lines for the
past two years."
COAL OlL— The Standard Oil Company has
advanced prices %c per gallon, as follows:
Water- white Coal Oil. In bulk. 12c; Pearl Oil.
in cases 17c: Astral. 17c; Star. 17c; Extra Star,
21c; Elaine, 22c: Eocene. 1".- per gallon.
RlCE— China mixed. $3 70«?3 75: China No. 1.
$4 50@4 90- extra do. $5@5 35; Hawaiian, $50
5 75; Japan $4 12%©4 7.".; Louisiana. $5@6.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes A crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c;
Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c;
Dry Granulated. sc; Confectioners' A. sc; Cali
fornia A. — ; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c:
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more: half barrels,
Vie more; boxes, %c more, 50-lb bags. %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, s c; boxes,
6c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Beef Is a fraction easier. There is no change
in Mutton, Lamb or Veal.
Nineteen cars of Hogs arrived yesterday from
Arizona, but the market is so bare that they
produced no effect on quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@Sc per lb for Steers and 6"-2©7 c for
Cows.
VEAL— 7@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Sc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, BU@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, r,% : V for small. fie for
medium and 5%«i5%c for large: stock hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER L
Flour qr ska.... 84,248 1 Straw, tons 25
Wheat ctls 50,013 Hops, bales 65
Barley' ctls 2.760 Wool, bales 103
! Oats ctls 1,460 Pelts, bdls 1,097
1 Cheese, ctls 3751 Hides, No 5,174
Butter,' ctls 14" Eges. doa 10.020
Tallow, ctls 212 Raisins. bx5...... 1,250
Beans, sks '■-' Quicksilver, fisks 16..
Potatoes, sks.... 1,708 Leather, r0115.... 154
Middlings, sks... : Chicory, bb15..... 35
Bran, sks •■•■" Wine gals.. 43.700
Onions, sks 79n Brandy, pals 9.000
Hay. tons 651 Sugar, sks 1,000
Sugar, bbls 1"
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business in local securities
without any particular change in prices.
MininK stocks wore weak and the best price?
were generally below those of the preceding:
day. The telegram from the pump said: Ai
6:30 o'clock this morning the water was 33 feet
9 inches below the USA-foot level station. Ele
vator No. 1 rr.n one hour yesterday morning.
Elevator No. 2 has been running since. The wa
ter rose and fell at different Intervals."
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows
Oceanic Steamship Company, 50c per share, or
$13,500; the San Francisco Gas and Electric
rompany. 42c per share: the American Coal
Company, $76,000; Breece Mining Company,
$Vi,(Kin. and Grand Central Mining Company,
The Morning Star Mining Company of lowa
Hill. Placer County, has declared a dividend
(No. I<>s) of So per share, which is an increase
of $1 per share over the previous dividend.
The sales on regular call at the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange for the year to date
amount to 1,821,255 shares, against 1,079, 255 for
the same time last year.
The report from the Standard Consolidated
mine for the week ending August 28 states that
the west crosscut. Bullion vein, 200 level, passed
through a bunch of fair quartz. Upraises 3
and 4, Security vein. 31S level, each had IS
Inches fair ore in the top, Rai?*> :>. No. lip
vein, same level, had IS inches fair ore. Raise
". übu vein and level, had 20 Inches fair ore
The south drift. No. 10 vein. 3SO level, had R
inches fair ore in Ihe face. No. 2 raise, For
tuna vein, ;*2 level, had a 10-inch vein, with
the top looking belter. The usual quantity of
ore was extracted from the Movie, East.
New, No. 10, Maguire. Fortuna and other
veins on the ISO, 270, 31S, 352. 470, 528 and 582
foot levels and the stopes are looking fairly
wr'.l. At the mill 201 tons of ore were crushed
during the week. Average assay vanner tail
ings. $10 SS. Concentrates produced, 1 ton- as
say value, $114 12. Amalgam produced ' Wf>
ounces; assay value, $2 S3 per ounce. Tailings
Continued on Page 15.A SENSATIONAL BRIEF
IN THE SUPREME COURT
Horace W, Philbrook's Grave
Charges Against Reputa
ble Men.
His Old Disbarment Proceeding Induces
Him to Attack the Justices—Chief
beatty Confronts the Accuser in a
Very Personal Manner,
HORACE W. PHI IOK, who a 1
) 1 few years ago was disbarred '■
from practicing as an attorney ';
in the State courts, has broken
ll again. Since his disbarment
he has made many applications to be re- |
stored to the position he formerly held, but ,
each time without success. His last appeal I
to this end is almost certain to stir up an .
endless amount of strife and possibly re- j
suit in bloodshed. He has prepared what
he calls "a brief," but. like most lawyers'
briefs, it Is lengthy, consisting of nearly
five hundred pages. Within the covers
of this he has attacked everybody con
nected viith the Supreme Court, the South
ern Pacific Railroad and a number of .
reputable lawyers.
In getting this before the Supreme |
Court Mr. Philbrook has already put the j
gloves on with Chief Justice Beatty. The j
<'hief Justice has for reasons best known I
to himself refused to meet Mr. Philbrook I
alone ar.d any meeting necessary has al- i
ways been In the .presence of witnesses, i
Last January 1 nil brook made application
for reinstatement and for permission to
resume the practice of law, but his re
quest was refused by the court on the
ground that the petition itself was threat- !
ening and Insulting. Philbrook endeav
ored to have his petition filed for record i
in the court and succeeded. There the !
matter has rtsted ever since, Philbrook
stating that he wished to prepare his .
brief and argument in support i if his mo
tion. Several times he has endeavored
to obtain an audience with the Justices,
but without material result, excepting the !
<*hief Justice, who, by reason of his po- j
sition, is obliged to listen to any and all i
having business with the court.
A lew days ago Philbrook called upon j
the Chief Justice, who granted him an !
audience, not in his chambers but in an j
outside room occupied by Bailiffs A. W.
Poole and E. E. Washburn, whom the
Justice took care should remain as wit- i
nesses. Philbrook retained his seat, with j
his hat on, and brusquely addressed his
Honor in this language:
"Is this the room in which you receive
your visitors who have business to trans- I
act with you?" To this Justice Beatty i
replied; angrily:
"This is where I receive you. if at all," i
with an emphasis on the "you."
Philbl accepted without further pro- j
test what he subsequently stated was an j
insult and made known his business. He
said that the regular motion day will be
: •xl Tuesday and requested the Chief
Justice to have the motion for reinstate
ment placed on the calendar of that day.
Justice Beatty replied that he did not
have the making up of the calendar and
gave n>> attention to those matters. This j
aroused the anger of Philbrook, who ex- >
cttedly exclaimed: ;
"I will hold you personally responsible ;
for the outrage you are perpetrating upon
me—"
But he had gone only this far when the
Chief Justice paled to the lips with anger, |
shook hie fist under the disbarred attor
ney's nose and excitedly exclaimed:
"Do you mean that personally? All I ,
want you to say is that you mean this as
a personal threat against me. Say it. sir; J
say it if you dare!" Philbrook made no :
direct reply, but Justice Beatty continued '
to storm up and down the room, mutter- !
ing that he was willing and ready to be I
held "personally responsible at any time." !
Philbrook changed the subject by asking !
if Beatty had read his brier, to which he :
received a reply in the negative, the Just- j
ice adding that he would not read it, nor j
would he give a reason.
The brief in question has been placed in j
the hands of each of the seven Justices, j
and no doubt will furnish some Interesting |
re;:dir.g matter for em. In it Philbrook i
attacks them personally and severally and I
charges them with nearly every offense i
except wife-beating and murder. He goes 1
VETERANS OF THE GUARD
TO VETERANS OF THE WAR
NATIONAL MILITIAMEN HONOR
THEIR COMRADES.
Those Who Returned From the Phil
ippines Greeted at a Sumptuous
Banquet Last Night.
"Veteran National Guard of California
to Th.'lr Comrades Returning From the
Philippines" was what adorned the title
page of a handsome souvenir menu that
was laid on id) of one hundred and
twenty plates in the banquet hall of the
Occidental Hotel la=t evening.
Within the hall, decorated with most ex
quisite taste with the stars and stripes
and with tables adorned with all the in
genuity of the caterer's art. gathered at
8 o'clock the members of the Veteran As
sociation of the National Guard and their
thirty-five guests, men who belong to the
association and have returned from the
Philippines, where they baw service in
the volunteer army.
The following are those who were thus
specially honored:
Colonel V. D. Duboce, Major W. D. Mc-
Carthy. Major C. L. Tilden, Captains J.
F Connelly, George Filmer, T. J. Mc-
Creagh, W. S Robertson, J. A. Miller, E.
C Sutliffe, T. W. Sparrowe. O. F. Huber,
T J. Cunningham, J. F. Eggert; Lieuten
ants B. B. Sturdlvant, A. i". Ramm, C.
E Q i tell, F. A. Nippert. F. L. Brown,
C E Thompson, F. K. Moore, T. Howard,
]•■' W. Rivers. J. A. Koster; Sergeants J.
Altken, W. N. Kelley, C L. O'Donnell, H.
Turton. M. I). Delaney. T. J. Hurley, J.
T Norton, A. S. Hat field, A. E. Anderson,
VV E. Wehser. H. Lemeteyer; Corporal
William J. Stock.
The following were present: Colonel
H P. Bush, John 11. Baker. Lieutenant
Colonel G. R. Burdick, Lieutenant If.
Brenson, C. S. Benedict. Captain G. C.
Boardman. A. H. Brod, Colonel J. F.
Burgin, Colonel T. F. Barry. J. P.
Brown. O. C. Baldwin, S. Bergsteln,
I ieutenant Colonel ii. Barrere, S. C.
Buckbee, J. D. Bluxome. D. S. Brings,
_v Cohn, Colonel A D. Cutler, W. M.
Cubery, Colonel F. S. I lhadbourne, J.
B Coffee, M. Doane, Captain J. Dun
bar A Bunker, P. M. Dier, Lieutenant
Colonel A. B. C. Dohrmann, Lieutenant
F Dohrmann. Captain J. E. Klein,
Lieutenant Colonel C. M. Kinne. Ar
thur Kidfl, Lieutenant Colonel W. C.
Little, William H. Little Captain C.
P. L» Breton, R. J. Loughery E. W.
I ewis c, W. Longley, E. W. Laugh
enbach 11. F. Muller. M. J. Myer, Ma
for JE Miller, J. Middleton, Lieuten
ant Colonel S. P. Middleton William
Merklebach R. S. MacCabe. C. F.
Marwedel E. M. McPhilUp*. Major J.
A ' Margo C. Meyer, W. H. Mr.Veil,
ft L Murden, O. Nolte A. L:
Ott Captain J- N. Pike, E.
if' ' Prentice Lieutenant Colonel
H. £ renu pp y f. L. Prltfhard,
Captain E. <'. Eisen. S. A. Egleaton.
CH Ellis. Lieutenant T. A. Evans.
Vff ii Fuller E. F. Fassman, Lieu
tenant * C Fisher, Daniel Foley. E.
T Foley Colonel O. W. Grannlss. P.
riaaer Maior A D. Gr nwood, C. K.
Garrison , MaorM H. Carney Lieu
tenant Colonel J. G. Geistlng, General
■
l>ack and minutely sets forth all the de
tails of the Levinson estate case, and as
serts that the widow and daughters were
swindled out of Levinson's share In the
firm of Newman i Levinson through the
manipulations of R. C. Harrison, who
was then the attorney for the Newman
brothers and la now one of the Justices
of the Supreme Court. He also declares
that the Supreme Court itself had pledged
Itself in advance to decide the probate ap
peal against Mrs. Levinson and her
daughters. ,
Another issue that he raises relates to
his proceeding in the United States court
before Judge Morrow for damages <=•.:-
tained by him in his disbarment. It will
be remembered that six of the Justices
were represented by Attorney John Gar
ber, but Fustice Harrison was represent
ed by W. W. Foote, who is made the
special object of attack. In his brief
I'hilbrook says:
"One of the ...... who appeared at
this trial was W. W. Foote, who an
nounced that he had been employed spec
ially to represent Justice Ralph C. Harri
son". Here was Justice Ralph C. Harri
son, the traitor who had sold his clients,
Mrs. Fannie Levinson and her daughters,
to their enemies, the two Newmans, em
ploying as his special champion W. W.
Foote, the traitor who sold his clients,
James P. and Frederick A. Merritt, to
their enemy. Judge Stanly. • • •
birds of a feather, traitor appearing as
champion of traitor. Now, as is well
known, the forte of W. v. Foote is that
of a bully and a blackguard. Big and
burly, his tactics are to embarrass the
opposing counsel and the opposing wit
nesses with insolence, browbeating and
all manner of blackguardism."
In the past Mr Philbrook has published
a number of "appeals to the people." but
therein he has not referred disrespectful
to Mr. Foote. In his reference to the Mer
ritt case he asserts thai Fo ite took an
unprofessional advantage of Catherine M.
Garcelon, an aged woman who Inherit*
a large portion of the Merritt state In
Oakland. The Merritt boys were her heirs
and the accuser says that Foote sent them
to the country and kf-pt thrm drunk until
he could secure a contract or agreement
by which he could clean up $125 '*" of their
interest. Philbrook pretends to connect
Foote with the alleged "rascality" of the
Supreme Court Justices in a peculiarly
roundabout way. He claims that at the
time Foote was a Railroad Commissioner
he was a minority of one. and sought to
secure public approbation by posing as an
nnti-rallroad Commissioner in the grain
rate cases: that his "howling" against the
railroad did the corporation no harm, and j
its officers, wishing to use Mr. Foote, held j
over him the facts of the Garcelon case.
so that when the time came that one of]
its alleged tools. Justice Harrison, was a
party in the damage suit Foote was used j
to protect Justice Harrison. I
Robert Y. Ha-. who was Instrumental ,
in Philbrook's disbarment; ex-Attorney
General W. F. Fitzgerald ex-Justice (now :
Federal Judge) John J. de Haven, Judge,
R B Carpenter and half a dozen or more
prominent lawyers have also come in for j
a large share of abuse In Philbrook s
brief. He goes so far even as to accuse
the Supreme Court of mutilating the
court records in order to serve the pur- ,
pose of the Southern Pacific In a case in
which It was interested.
That this sensational document will pro
voke hot blood among those attacked goes
without saying. A limited number have ]
been printed in the legal form of a Su- ,
preme. Court brief, and the balance,
amounting to a total of nearly 500. have
been printed in book or magazine form. j
under Philbrook's old title of "An Appeal
to the People." These will no doubt be ,
distributed where Philbrook thinks they j
will do the most good to hi*self and In- ;
iury to those whose names are contained j
therein. When his motion comes up in I
the Supreme Court on Tuesday to be
placed on the calendar this remarkable i
document must form a part of the court
record. It is doubtful if the assertions
which it contains, charging reputable citi- j
zens with all manner of crimes and ras
cality, will go unchallenged.
J. Hewston Jr.. Captain A. A. Hanks,
J Hey. Captain G. D. Harvey Major
H B Hosmer F. J. Hare. J. <i. Hardy,
j. S. Hawkins. Major W. B. Hooper,
lieutenant H- T. Hesselmeyer. F Jant-
Ken II U. Jardin. Colonel 8. J.Kel
-I..KK J. Kenny. Colonel A. K. \\ hit ton,
Ma] r H. A. Wegener, C. B. < ram, 8.
J. Pembroke. Majol G W . Reed. J C.
Rinp.n C. Rosenberg, C. \\ . Radebald,
j! A Schwartz. Colonel JW. P. Sullivan
Jr., B. P. S-aright. J. D. Slei.e. Lieu
tenant G H. Strong. A. Shula, J. \\
Scott. F. P. Bchafer, Commaßder G
R. Sanderson. Captain L. Biebe, F. J.
Btecher, Colonel F. W. Sumner. E. J.
k '■ D. SteiKf-r. \\. P. Saywell.
Lieutenant Colonel W. D Sanbr.rn.
• ...; w. H. Smedberg. F. A. |ag
gard A N. Tucker. Colonel < . L. Tay
for General W. TurnbuH. Lieutenant
Co!, t■ ■' F A Vail I 1 Wulbern, J. R.
Wear, Major H. P. Welch.
Commander George H. Sanderson acted
it his right sat the
Firs! California Volunteers
Aft«-r all bad filed Into the hall and were
shown to i assigned them every
remained standing while Alfred Ar
lent of the Lon
don Daily Graphic, sang with much
Sweet Hum<-." The com
man.i- • ered a few words of
welcome full of patriotic spirit. After full
.. bad been done to th« excellent
the following toasts and responses
the attention of the veterans of
ruard and of the recent war:
"The President of th»- United States."
music. "The Star-Sinngled Banner," Col
\" R. Bmedburg; "The California
Volunteers of 18Q," music, "Marching
ugh Georgia," Colonel H. P. Bush;
"The volunteei music. "B tgle
Calls." Colonel V. I •. Duboce; "The State
.lifornla," music, "Hot Time in th<»
Old Town," Colonel T. F. Barry; "The
Red Cross Nurse," music. "Ht Bright
ints Me Still." Major \V. D. Mc
■ hy.
Letters of regret were read from Gen
eral Turnbull and Colonel H. J. Burns at
Inability to be present to join In the fes-
The City Loses a Good Officer.
My tne nsignation "i ur. i. j. «_ row
ley, the assistant pharmacist at the City
and County Hospital, the city suffers the
• a faithful and eompeteni ofl
I>r. Crowley, who Is a graduate of the
- • University in both medicine and
pharmacy, has been connected with the
City and County Hospital for the past
twelve mouths, during which time ho has
ared him.self to all who came in con
tact with him. either in his social , official
or professional capacity. In addition to
representing the polvclinic branch of his
profession he has during his term as
assistant pharmacist saved the city hun
dreds of dollars at times when the funds
ran low in supplying the institution with
medicines. This be did by '-nmpounding
the materials himself from their crude
condition. His outside practice increasing
was the (ails'* of his resignation. He etlll
remains an attendant In his ward as a
visiting physician. He leaves the drug
department' with the good wishes of every
man and woi*R» connected with the In
stitution. _
Contract for Uniforms
The awarding of the contract for unl- j
forms of the National Guard which was
to have been made at the meeting of
the uniform board Thursday afternoon
was postponed until next Wednesday. Of
the seven bidders five had their checks re- '
turned, aa these bids could not be consid- i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2. 1899.
!
ered. being: in excess of the bids of the
Pettibone Company and Litchfield & Co.
The board has held three meetings and
has been unable to determine to which of
the two bidders' to award the contract.
The bids are close. .
. ♦ ■
TO ROW FOR
CHAMPIONSHIPS
At a meeting- held last nig-ht of the
regatta committee of the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur Athletic Union
the following were present: \V. C. Espy
of the Pioneers, chairman; J. R. Bockman
of the Ariels, A. P. Rothkopf of the Dol
phins and M. J. Breen of the South Ends.
It was decided that ti.e championship
rowing regatta of 18?9 be held at El
Campo, October 15.
The following races will take place:
Senior, intermediate and junior four
oared barpe races: senior and junior out
rigger skiff races; senior and junior single
sheil races, and a relay swimming race.
A communication will be sent to the
Stockton Athletic Association requesting
that crews be sent to the regatta. The
annual meeting of the Pacific Association
v. ill be held at an early uate, and after
the election of officers for the coming
year the new regatta committee will take
charge of the championship events. Entry
blanks will be distributed to the rowing
clubs next week.
SPORT AT SUTRO EATHS
Th^ following 1 varied programme of
aquatic sport has been arranged by the
yement of Sutro Baths for to-mor
row:
W-yard dash, novice— P. Neal, W. Fleming,
F Phea, R. Cook, C. Royal. R. Rltter, O.
Walcott, O. Lowemha!. C. King.
50-yard dash, Juveniles — T. La Husen, J. L.
w Peterson, C ("rowiey. R. Riding.
C. I-undln. W. Early. C. Augustus.
■ ard tub racf. three prizes— C Augnstus,
H liisen, O. Ehrman, G. Hildebrandt, C.
Stelljes, O. Adler. \V. Yarrow. E. Wells. W.
richer. W. Beyer, E. Lleboldt, C. Baudaln,
lv Phillips.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— J.
O'Brien, F. Peter*, R. Cordell. C. Strohlln. A.
Baganatori, T. Ralston, Q, LaRIM, D. McCann,
P. McGifffn, C. t'ruwley, M. Divert.
CHRISTIANSON AND
HIS SILLY MYSTERY
THE SERGEANT ATTEMPTS TO
GAIN NOTORIETY.
Miss Walton and Montague Liver
more Figure in an Exciting Epi
sode at the Main Postoffice.
Sergeant Christianson of the California
■ >n made an attempt yesterday
tti gain a liuie notoriety by making him
■ ■ ntral tipure in what he termed
a mystery in high life.
Simply because Sergeant Christianson
ht that a young man and woman
who figured in a rather exciting episode
at th< Postofflce on Battery and Wash
ington streets at noon yesterday were
prominent persons, he decided to with
hold their names.
Probably, according to Sergeant Chrls
tianson's logic, if the persons who figured
in the incident had worn shabby clothes
and borne evidence of manual labor, he
i have Immediately locked them up
disturbing the peace. At all events
Sergeant Christianson decided to keep
his mouth shut, something he was never
known to do before, during his career as
(Beer. Late last night, however,
nature triumphed over forced resolution
and Sergeant Christianson exploded his
mj stery.
The facts are simply these: About noon
yesterday a young man who gave his
name M igue D. Ltvermore of Los
- tailed at the Postofflce to g>-: nil
maiL As h<r left the building he was ac
d by a rather prepossessing young
lady v • r name as .Miss Walton,
a daughter pf Thomas J. Walton. ]o. al
age • of the Brads: reels. Miss walton
■<i the young man of having .-• [en
h>-r diamond ring. A scene occurred and
.nt Chris.. anson was called upon to
sett c the matter.
VVhen seen last nieht at her hom<\ M!=s
■ • Bald li.at the matter had i^en
Lctorily settled. "I have my ring
. and there will be no mor<» trouble >
over It." she Bald. "The whole matter
not amount to anything, and it has
all been settled."
MILITARY ELK SOCIAL
GIVEN TO SOLDIERS
MANY DISTINGUISHED MEN
WERE PRESENT.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent
Protective Order of Elks, had an "Elks'
military social" last night in its spacious
hall in Central block, which for the occa
sion was decorated with flags and tri-col
ored electrical effects. The occasion was
a greeting to many of the returned volun
teers andva number of military gentlemen,
such as Elks know how to give.
Prominent among those present were:
Rev. Father McKlnnon, the much beloved
chaplain of the First California, who was
greeted by all with a welcome thai must
have been exceedingly nattering to him;
General Shatter and his aids, Major No
ble and Captain Ducat; Governor Rich
ards of Wyoming; Colonel Hutchlngs,
Lieutenant Governor of Idaho; Captain
Harry Cruzon of the First California; Pri
vates Estell, Overshine and Welsh of the
Hospital Corps; Percy V. Long, recently
nominated for second lieutenant of one of
the new regiments, nearly all the mem
bers of Major General Dickinson's staff,
many minor lights in the military world
and many members of the lodge and visit
ing Elks.
For all there was open hospitality, and
there was presented an excellent pro
gramme of vocal and instrumental num
bers under the direction of Colonel J. R.
Ho well, who acted as president of the
evening. In his duties he was assisted by
Colonel Beck. T. F. Bonnet and other of
ficers of the lodge. There were short ad
dresses by Captain Cruzon, who intro
duced Father McKinnon In a eulogistic
speech. The chaplain of the First re
sponded modestly and briefly. The Gov
ernor of Wyoming and the Lieutenant
Governor of Idaho also delivered short
addresses, the former congratulating the
people of California for their grand re
ception to the volunteers, and he added
that the men of his State had been so
favorably impressed with the open-heart
ednesß and the generosity of the people
that he was afraid that they would aJI
want to return to California.
■ m ■
DEATH OF M. P. JONES.
Was One of the Pioneer Merchants of
San Francisco.
M. P. Jones, senior member of the firm
of Jones-l'addock Company, died a week
ago last Tuesday. Deceased was active
ly engaged In business in this city for
the last forty years. He came to San
Francisco in uw and shortly after his ar
rival went, to the southern mines, where
lie established a general merchandise
store. In this undertaking he prospered,
and in 1858 returned to San Francisco,
and in connection with Frank Randall
ho organized the firm of Randall & Jones.
Randall rftirlng a few years later, Mr.
Jones continued under the firm name of
Jones & Co. The house was one of the
first as well as the heaviest Importers of
sugar from the Hawaiian Islands, owning
several vessels plying In the island trade
before the steamship lines were estab
lished. About two years ago the firm of
J.'ii'-d & Co. changed the character or"
their business to that of wholesale tea,
i-offec and spice merchants, incorporat
ing under the name of the Jones-Paddock
Company.
In all these years of active business
life Mr. Jones' character as a high-mind
ed, upright, honorable merchant re
mained unspotted. He believed his call-
Ing to be tl.e best of all. and he dignified
it by his manner of life and his dealings
with his fellowmen. He was a true type
of the old-time merchant? of San Fran
ctsco, the men who more than any other
class of citizens in their day did so much
by their influence and personality to
shape the destiny of our city in the early
days of her trials. He was faithful in his
duties ap a private citizen, always ready
to do his part in anything for the good
of San Francisco, but always declining
the offers of political place in the munic
ipality frequently tendered to him by
his fellow citizens.
A* a man of strong character, modest,
gentle, patient and uncomplaining during
years of suffering, those nearest and
dearest to him knew him best. When the
end came, surrounded by these, he passed
peacefully to an honored rest.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
JURY FINDS YON
KAPFF GUILTY
OF FALSE OATH
Sad Downfall of an
Ex-Constable.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 1
Henry W. yon Kapff, an ex-Constable
of Alameda, was convicted to-day of per
! jury by a Jury in Judge Hall's court un
der an indictment found by the Grand
Jury over a year ago, together with five
i others, which were left as a legacy to
I'isnict Attorney Allen by his predeces
| sor.
The impression prevailed that the cases
would never be . pressed iind that even
should they be brought to trial no con
viction would follow. The verdict there
fore arrived at after the jury had dehb
i crated about forty-live minute 6 proved a
i great surprise. It was the first convic
! tion of its kind for many years.
Yon Kapff was accompanied In court
! by a sister, Miss Violet yon Kapff, and
when the verdict was read the convicted
! young man showed grief but little less
I than his sister, who wept bitterly.
The past two days had been occupied
with the trial, Emil Nusbaumer defend
ing and Deputy District Attorneys Harris
und Samuels prosecuting. The jury was
! made up of J. H. Tuesher, E. C. Perkins.
George T. Leon, C. li. Harmon, Henry
! Schmidt, A. Burnell. Chris Christensen.
■ Ken Wright, N. P. Nutting. Martin Dud
j dy, R. T. Marshall and D. Miller.
The crime of which Yon Kapff now
stands convicted is that of perjury in
1 swearing that he made arrests of V. Bal
dt-ramos on a charge of disturbing the
p.'a'-e and Captain A. M. Panzu on
i charges <>f disturbing the peace and bat
-1 tery in September, 1^57, and presenting
! claims to the county for $1 30 in each cajse
— Jl fur executing warrants and 16 cents
i mileage to and from the County Jail.
The testimony was very clear. Officer
: Theodore Anderson of Alameda testified
I to having effected the Balderamos arrest
i and Officer L'ennis Welch the two arrests
jof Panza. Welch was corroborated by
Mrs. Panza.
Ur at sympathy was expressed on all
sides for young Yon Kapff's sad devia
tion from the path of rectitude. In his
argument to the Jury Deputy District At
torney Samuels declared that stripped of
his official character he, too, extended his
1 deepest sympathy. One of the jurors
, stated after his discharge that he
hud twice cast his ballot for :.c
--; qulttal owing to hi? extreme sym
pathy, but in view of the testi
mony he, too, eventually convicted. '1 lie
jury ie-commended the convicted man to
the mercy of the court. He wa? remand
ed to the custody of the Sheriff and sen
tence wili tie pronounced next Wednesday.
The minimum punishment is one year and
the maximum fourteen y*ars in the State
penitentiary.
Only a few years since Henry' yon
Kapft vas one of the most popular young
men 'n Alameda society. He was the
leader of an Alameda orchestra and re
cently married a most estimable young
lady of the Knclnal city.
"I am the victim of circumstances,"
said the prisoner this afternoon. "I made
one of the arrests on which I am convict
ed myself; the other was made by ray
deputy. I will gay this, however," that
perhaps our eagerness under the fee sys
tem iva= partly responsible. Frequently
the Alameda police would make arrests
withoul warrants. I wuuld «et wind of
it and then I was allowed to swear to a
complaint, secure a warrant, serve It and
takt my prisoner to the County Jail. I
most certainly presented claims for such
arrests and for doing this I am con
victed."
The can most likely will be appealed to
the Supreme Court. There are three
other Indictments for perjury pending
against Yon Kapff, but these, it was stat
ed by Deputy District Attorney Samuels,
will most likely be dismissed.
WEPT IN COURT AT
HIS OWN IGNORANCE
OAKLAND. Sept. I.— The most remark
able spectacle of a ful-grown man crying
In court because he had not sufficiently
qualified himself to be admitted to citi
zenship was presented In Judge Ells
worth's department yesterday.
The weeper was Frank Abramson, who
has hitherto been a loyal subject of King
Oscar of Sweden. Abramson Is a seafar
ing man, but was evidently far from ig
ncinnt of the ways of the land lubber, for
he confided to Judge Ellsworth that the
reason he had nut become better acquaint
ed with the governmental affairs of this
great empire was that "politics was so
rotten."
It was pitiable to hear Abramson make
this confidence and then go on to say that
he felt convinced he was very Ignorant
anyhow and thought he had belter not go
ahead any more with ih» examination.
Hut it was far more pitiable to see the big.
husky Swede break out into tears, blub
bering liko a schoolboy. His endeavors
to excuse his weakness only made his pre
dicament the worse, for he sobbed out
loud.
Viewing Abramson with compassion
Judge Ellsworth dismissed the applicant
and denied the application.
DEVOTION WAS CARELESS.
Family Altar of a Portuguese House-
hold Catches Fire.
OAKLAND. Sept 1 •BeCa.UM they
thought they were Observing the man
ilnf 1 ? of the church calendar to the letter
! a Portuguese family residing at 1619 Third
street, in Weft Oakland, almost lost their
] little home early this morning through
fire. In one of the rooms in the house
: a small altar bad be< n erected, and on
this candles were kept burning all night.
Through an oversight the tapera were
permitted to burn down so low that the
draperies on the altar caught fire. An
alarm was turned in nnd the department
; called out, but th.^ blaze was extinguished
with a loss of only PS,
Laid to Her Rest.
OAKLAND, Sept. I.— The funeral of
1 Miss Lydia A. McMenomy of Golden
Oate, who suddenly expired while play
-1 Ing the piano, took plact 1 this morning
from St. Francis de Sales Church, sol
. emn requiem high mass being celebrated
by Father* Meßweefiey, whytt, Crandal
j and Butler. The following eight young
1 women, close friends of Miss McMenomy,
acted as honorary pall-bearers : Mik- M
Ayden. Miss 8. Lugp. Miss J. Dleckmann.
M"iss M. Taylor, Mlsh T. Doyle, Miss L.
(ir.'ssptt. Miss J. Gilchrist and Miss 13.
; Doyle. The pall-bearers were: J. E. Mc
! Elroy. A. E. Davis Glonn Me Bride, C.
A. Klinkner. E. L. Thompson and J. L.
; Dunn. The Wllcox requiem mass was
i sung by Mrs. M. Langdon. Boprano; Miss
Helen Kelly, contralto: F. Coffin, tenor.
i and J C. Hughes, bass. Interment took
1 pluce in St. Mary's Cemetery.
Tennis Champions to Meet.
OAKLAND. Sept. 1.- Stunner Hardy,
the crack tennis player of the Pacific
Coast, hns Just returned from Southern
California. To-day ho met with James
A. Cede and George Whitney and made
arrangements for the big tournament
which Is to begin at Del Monte Tuesday
next and in which the Eastern champions,
Whitman. Davis. Ward and Wright, will
contest for honors with the Callfornians.
It Is expected that the Hardy brothers of
this City, who are the present coast cham
pions In doubles, will meet Ward and
Davla. the national champions, in that
event.
Her Husband in Dyea.
OAKLAND, Sept. 1.-Through an appli
cation for an order for publication of a
divorce summons in a local paper It has
developed that John O. Arnett. who is be
ing sued for a legal separation by his
wife, Laura A. Arnett. is in Dyea. Mrs.
Arnett alleges that her spouse deserted
her in that place while they were en
route to the Klondike. Before leaving
Oakland Arnett was in business as a car
penter.
Keith's opening Friday and Saturday;
everybody invited; no cards. SOB Market. •
MARRIED IN
SECRET OVER
A YEAR AGO
Pretty San Leandro
All Agog.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Sept. 1.
A most romantic secret wedding has
Just come to light In that town of roman
tic happenings, San Leandro, the couple
being Miss Maude Harlan, a daughter of
George Harlan. one of the survivors of
the Dormer Lake expedition, and Robert
Henry, a lieutenant in the Salvation Army,
but more recently a mate on a coast-
Ing vessel.
For over thirteen months the marriage
i has been kept from the town gossips of
San .Leandro, oniy to leak out through
: the groom, who was not as close-mouthed
;as his wife's family wished him to be. In
1 fact, until a few dayp ago Mrs. Henry vig
orously denied the intimations wnich l.er
{ husband had dropped on several occasions,
I but when she saw that the secret was out
I she declared herself and Is now no longer
! playing the role of a single woman.
It was about two years ago that Henry,
\ then an active worker in the Salvation
■ Army cause, was detailed to labor in San
! Leandro. He set to work with a will, and
! being an earnest, forceful and eloquent
i speaker soon had largely attended meet
ings. Among the most regular of the at
; tendants upon these meetings na« Mis?
i Harlan, who had long been prominently
i identified with the charitable work prose
; cuted by the Presbyterian church.
Henrys fervor and worth made an im
' preaaton upon Miss Harlan, so much so
| that their acquaintance soon ripened into
I love. The young man was permitted to
I visit Mist Harlan at her home and an en
-1 gagement naturally followed. Un July
2i of last year they decided to become n.au
' and wifei and s6 traveled over to Ban
Kafael, where they were married by the
Presbyterian minister of that place. Ad
1 the young woman returned to her home
; the same evening her parents' suspicion*
j were not aroused, and for a long time the
! old folks were In ataolute ignoiaiu>e at
I what had transpired.
Eventually, however, the bride's family
' guessed at the young woman's secret and
I she admitted it, but persisted In keeping
; the fact of a marriage from the public in
spite of her husband's protests. Thero
probably was a design in Henry's sugges
tions dropped casually to his friends, lor
the secret Is now out. To-day Henry left
i for the north on a six weeks' voyage.
ACCIDENT DESTROYED
HER MATERNAL HOPES
; OAKLAND, Sept. I.— ln a suit filed in
the Superior Court this afternoon against
1 the Oakland Transit Company Mrs.
: Helena E. Kinsner seeks to recover $50,000
damages for permanent Injuries sustained
! on July 29 last while alighting from an
! electric car running westerly on Eighth
: street at Union.
i The complaint, prepared by Attorneys
; H. S. Aldrich and E. L. Mann, alleges
| that as plaintl was abmit to alight "the
1 car started forward suddenly and with
'. great spe^d. throwing Mrs. Kinsner to the
ground with great force and violence,
bruising her left leg, thigh, hip and
shoulder, loosening the bones of her left
I foot and giving her nervous system a
' severe shock, incapacitating her from
helping herself In the most ordinary
means and performing any labor either
physical or mental. By reason of said
injuries plaintiff will continue for the rest
of her life to undergo great physical and
, mental suffering and agony.'
' The plaintiff also avers that at the time
i of the accident she was about to become
', a mother, but by reason of the injuries
and on August 27 nature in this particu
lar was defeated.
Dr. Coyle Returns.
OAKLAND, Sent. I.— Rev. Dr. Robert F.
1 Coyle, pastor or the First Presbyterian
1 Church, arrived home to-night from an
' extended trip through Great Britain, Hol
land. Germany, Austria, Italy. France and
Switzerland. Dr. Coyle and his wife have
, been absent on their European journey
, since May 12. They were in Paris during
1 the first week of August, just prior to the
I beginning of the Dreyfus trial, and did
! not note any particular agitation over the
I event that has since proved so sensational.
; The peace conference. Dr. Coyle says,
; seems to be universally accepted as one
whose effort in general will be pood. Dr.
■ Coyle came home rather fatigued, and
will rest for a week or more. lie will not
! occupy his pulpit until Sunday, Septem
! ber 12.
Was Not Declared Insane. j
■ OAKLAND. Sept. Mrs. Oliver P. Doug
las, aged 87 years and formerly a school
, teacher, was brought from the County 1
'. Infirmary to-day and examined by the
i Lunacy Commissioners, but was not rec
ommended for commitment to an insane
asylum. She was taken to the infirmary!
about a year ago. as she was too feeble
to provide for her own support. Under j
the weight of years her mind has been
gradually growing enfeebled, so that it
! requires constant watching to prevent her
wandering away and injuring herself. She
has a brother, J. E. Gordon, residing In j
this city, and the Lunacy Commissioners ,
recommend that she be cared for by her (
relatives.
Mystery of a Pretty Vagrant.
OAKLAND, Sept. I.— A pretty brunette,
whose black tresses are slightly sorlnkled
! with gray, and who gave the name of
Nettie Larsen. was brought to the Coun
-Ity Jail to-night by Deputy Constable
S'tephenson for vagrancy. The officer
, found the girl, whose pretty face looked
out of line with her shabby garments,
sleeping in a shed near Fruitvale. She
I speaks English and German fluently, but
refuses to give any account of herself
further than the statement that she was
robbed of her purse containing $10 last
: night by a stranger, who left her with 25
cents. She gives her age as 17 and later
claimed her name to be Annie Barndown.
At the jail she was regarded as a mys
tery.
Cameron Was Not Killed.
BERKELEY, Sept. The report which
reached this city recently that Rod Cam
eron, a former resident of Berkeley, had
been fatally injured In a mine explosion
near Seattle proves to -be false. F. W.
Durgin of Center street has Just received
a letter dictated by Cameron two days
after the accident. The Injured miner
suffered severely from the accident, but
i Is slowly recovering.
Big Damage Suit Compromised.
OAKLAND. Sept. I.— The $20,000 damage
suit filed recently by Llllie Elvira Catlsen
through the guardian of her person and
! estate against the Oakland, San Leandro
and Haywards Electric Railway for in«
juries alleged to have been sustained by
her through the negligence of said cor
. poration was to-day compromised for 1500
; and the action dismissed.
Smythe a Soldier.
BERKELEY, Sept. I.— Chester T.
: Smythe of the class of '95. University of
California, has enlisted as sergeant in
the Thirty-fifth United States Infantry.
Smvthe will shortly go to Manila with his :
regiment and intends to remain there ■
after his term of enlistment expires in !
January, 1901. . |
.» ♦ ■
Mysterious Shooting Case.
A man giving the name of Ed J. Jones,
a saloon-keeper at 24 Mission street, called
at the Receiving Hospital yesterday after
noon considerably under the influence of
liquor. He had a bullet wound in his
left wrist. Ho paid he was scuffling with
a friend, who had a revolver, and the
weapon was fired accidentally. The police
were notified and Captain Duntevy sent
an officer to the address given, hut there
is no such number and no man of that
name was known in the locality. It is
suspected that the man was shot Inten
tionally and the police will try to un
ravel the mystery.
■ ♦ »
The Turner Murder.
Following his promise to Judge Gra- j
ham on Thursday Attorney George O.
Collins got Policeman William M. Ross
to swear to a complaint yesterday charg
ing Joseph P. Frenna with the murder of |
J. F. Turner. Ross was the officer who
arrested Frenna. The case will he called j
iin Judge Graham's court this morning. i
NOT CHARGED
WITH MURDERING
AGED BROTHER
Oliver Holmes Would
Soon Have Died.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Kept. 1.
George Holmes, who languished In the
jail at Llvermore last night with the pros
pect of having to answer for the murder
of his aged brother, Oliver Holmes, will
not have to stand trial on the murder
charge, the Coroner's jury at the inquest
to-day determining that "Ollvr-r would
have died within two weeks anyway. "
It had been reported that in a dispute
with Oliver over the chastisement of a
son of Jack Hampton, George had grabbed
his aged brother by the throat and choked
him to death. At the inquest, conducted
at Livermore by Justice of thf Peace Tay
lor, to-day. "Mrs. Holmes, the grandmother
of the boy Hampton and widow of the de
ceased, testified to the fact that th«>re had
been a struggle between her husband and
his brother, but that her husband after
ADVEBTISBMENTS. ________
"absolute security.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of /&~^ZZ^,
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE fPABTrtfc FOR HEAOACHL SEE
3LL IAKI IKo for diiziness. jll
GENUINE f JVfr IS SEES. GENDINE
Hp| |LS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WHAPPFR llji FOR SALLOW skis. WSMPPFR
MAtTfcK ijjbnfL FORTHECOMPLEXIOR >VKAmK
25 cSit» I Purely Vegßtai>le. / <^^??s^ir«S
"P>K,HsTTEID O3ST REID PAPER."
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:33,
1:30, 5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30
and l:.30 p. 1:1.
SUNDAYS- S:O>, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:80, 3:30,
6:00, 1:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. : 12:45
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:36 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. 1 April 16, 1 ■
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- , Week
Days. 1 day*. Destination. days. | Day*.
7:39 am 8:00 am 1 Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 ant
8:30 pm 9:30 am 1 Petdluma. ■ 8:05 pm, 10:25 am
6:10 pra 6:00 pm Santa K';sa. 7.35 pm 8:20 pru
*~~ Fulton, ~ :
1:30 am Windsor, 10:24 an»
Healdsbura;,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:80 pm 8:00 am' Oloverdale, 7:35 pm *:20 pra
7:80 am I I Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am 1 Uklah. 7:35 pm; 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am !
I 8:00 am Ouernervllle. 7:35 pm
«:30 pm 6:20 pra ,
7:80 am( 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am '
I and I
1:10 pmj 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. ! *:05 pm 6:to pm !
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:85 am !
1..V- pm 5:00 pm! 1 7:85 pm 6:20 pm i
Stages connect at Santa Ro«a for Mark West !
Springs and White Sulphur Spring*; at Lytton j
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Bprlngv; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop- i
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring*.
Xelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake- !
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy I
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lake*, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, !
Potter Valley, John Day's, Rlv«TBld«, Llerley's, |
Bucknell's, ganhedrln Heights, Hullville. I
Boonevllle, Philo, Christine. Soda Springs, !
Kavarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River, j
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
WMtport, Usal, WllHtts. Laytonvlll*, Cum-
mlng s. Bell's Spring*, Harris, Olsen'*, Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced ratea.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*;.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vis Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing September 1. 1699.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00. »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *9:00. 'lO^. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, *2:30. "4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafl Sundays. '
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS 5:25, •6:40, 7:55. 8:40, '10:20
a. m.; 12:30, 2:13, *3:40, 4:85, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. :
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, *9:45. «10:45. »11:45 i
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20. *3:30, '5:15. »6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 6:50, 7:55. 8:55, 10:35 '
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 10:00. 11:10 a. m. 12:05,
1:20. 2:40, 3:65. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 *>. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. I
7:00 a, m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturday* — and way sta'ns.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way rta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. <
From Jan. 2S. 1839. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen-I Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. 1 Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:?0 am 10:30 am Stockton I 1:45 pm 8:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:1» ptu
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 cm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
1:25 pm 12:30 «m Bakersfletd 2:00 am 11:00 am :
11:59 am 6:2» pm Vlsalia 6:40 am 1:23 pm
12:15 pm! 4:53 pm Tuiare 5:50 am 1:08 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required,
For particular* of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Department. m Market St..
San Frmnctaoo.
._ , I
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausaltto Ferry. '
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m., Returning Sam* Even-
ing, arriving In San Francisco at nil .
p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:M
and 4 p. m.
Fare 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS COOK & SON, Acts.. 621 Market St.
the encounter had gone about his busi
ness, seating himself later in a cnair In
the kitchen, where he suddenly expired.
Mrs. Holmes, queer as it might be to re
late, was her husband's stepmother oe
fore she married him. and was formerly
the wife of her husband's father, who was
! a Mormon, she being but one of several
| spouse?. In her testimony she was cor
roborated by other grandchildren ana
' other witnesses. '
■ The jury's verdict was to the effect that
, "death had been due to natural causes.
! hastened by excitement," and this verdict
, was based on the testimony of Dr. v ' Al '
ncr, who had conducted an autopsy ana
; who reported that the»organs of the de-
I ceased's body were very badly debilitated
' and his vitality low. The autopsy physi
cian declared that Holmes, wlrn whs ,o
1 years of age, had been suffering from en
largement of the liver, congested longs,
kidney troubles and leakage in a valve or
the aorta, and that he found no signs of
i suffocation or strangulation. The doctor
therefore contended that death was due to
shock, and not directly to violence.
, George Holmes Is still charged with bat
, tei>w», however, and was released this even
ing' on furnishing $lu<) bail.
Auxiliary to Monument League.
The Ladies* 1 Auxiliary of the Lincoln
Monument League heM a meeting in the
B'nal B'rith building, on Eddy Btreet, last
niglit. and various matters pertaining to
the organization of the auxiliary wore dis
cussed, but "wing to the meager atter.d
ance no action was taken.
At Munich there is a hospitn! which !s
entirely supported by the sale of old steel
pens and niba collected from all parts of
Germany. They are made Into watch
springs, knives and razors.
BAILROAD TBAVXZ*.
SOrTHKR.f PACIFIC COMPART.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
T'rsloa ifm«> »n«l nri> <ln« t* nrrlve n(
$AN rilAKl:l»4'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
[.save — Feovi August 2, 1839. — arkivb
7iOOa Bcnieia, Snisun and Sacramento. . s:l~>p
7:OOa Marjßville, OrorlUeaod Bedding tlb
Woodland 8:-15p
7:«0a rinr.ira. VacaTiile and Rumsey 8:30p
7 :30 a Martinez, Sao Ramon. Vallejo, Xapa,
Calistoro and Santa Rosa 6tlsF
8:(10a AtlaritioKipreßS, Ogilen and Baa*.. 9:45 a
SiUOa San Jose, LiTennore, Stockton,
lone, bacramento, Placerrllle,
MarjSTllle, Chico, lte.l llliiff 4:I. I >P
8:3OA # Milton, Oaltdaleaml femora 4:I8p
0:30 a Yosetnite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinees 4:13*
»:OO a Hnywards, Niks and Way Stations. 1 1 :45 a.
0:OOa Martinez. Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Frceno 52:13?
BiOUa Fresno, UakerelJel<l .Santa Iturbara.
Los Acgelw, DemiDS. El Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:43r
I OtOOA Vallcjo, Martinez and Way Stations ?:43r
I liOOa Haywards. N.lea and Way Station*. it: l.'jp
I 8:90 m Niks. LJTerinore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. V'isalla,
Pcrterrille 4:l»p
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers ».Moilp
StOOp Haywards, Nile* aud Way Station*. O:l»r
«i««r Martiuex. Ban Uamou, Vallejo.
Napa, CallatogA, Santa Rosa 9iloa
4:UOf Benicia, VacaTiile, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marrnvllle, Ororill 10:4**,
4i»«pNile9, Han JoneaDd Stockton 7:l.Tp
4:30p Tosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13?
OiOOpThe OwL Tracy. Fresco. Bakers-
field. Saazus for Santa Barbara,
Lcs Angeles 9:13*.
SißOr StocktOD. Merced, Fresno 18:13?
0:9 Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare and 1.03 Aiirclpb 8:1 »*
• tSOp Bauta re Koute, Atlautlo Kxpresa
for Mojftve and Hast 6:45 p
■■•Op Cbloago-Sau FraacigcoSpeci&l,Og(leu
and i:a*t 8:50*
6tOOp Bay wards, Niles and San Jose 7 : 1 ■"* a
•OiOOp Vallejo 12:1 8p
}7i«op Vallejo, Port Costa and War Sta-
tions. }9:55»
8:03p Oregon KxpreßS,HacralTieDto, Marys-
vilie. JJc.l.lliiK. rortlanl, l'uget
Hoiiiulainl lC»»t 8:13^)
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (.anire).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
{T>4Sa Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Wr.y Station* 18:03*
Newark, Centerfille.Han Jose, Fclton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Ciizand Way
Sutlons 3:30S
*BilSp Newark. Centervlile, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton. Boulder Creel:,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations »I««3<U
4ilßp San Jose, Uknwood aud Way Sta-
tion*. 8:20 a,
MilßrTelton, Santo Cruz and Way Sta-
tion* , />:2QA,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ton 31* mBCISCO— foot of Mirk.t Strut (Slip 8)—
•1:11 ' 900 11KWa.ii. |l:03 *2:33 t3:C3
•4:00 15:00 •6:03 p.m.
rMmOUUNß— fciltrßresJiraT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
t!2 00 »l:00 t2:00 '3:00 ti;Q3 'giSSr.M.
COAST DIVISION' (nroi.KJr.ugc).
(Third and To-.vnacnil St 3.)
•«>lOa Ooeau View, South Baa Frantieco.. # 6:30p
*7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almatlcn Wednesdays only) •8:00.4
J7i3Oa Sunday Excursion for Santa Crux,
Purina Grove and Principal Way
Stations 18:33*
•iOOa Han Jose, Trcs Piuos, Santa Cruz,*
Paclilo GroTO. Paso Itobles, San
Luis Oljiano, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4:IOp
I«i4Oa San'.Tonemnl Way Stations 0:35.i
II:3Oa Ban Jose and Way Station* li3Ur
•3i43p San Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Uollister. Santa Cruz. Salicaa,
Monterey and I'aclfio Grove ■ *10:3b&
•itSOp Ran Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations # 7:80p
•4il3p Ban .Toeeaixl Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•3:0 Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations ■Mia
B:3Or Sau Joss ami Principal Wij Stations *9:«0a
6::iop San Jose and Way Station* 3:! tOp
t11:43r San Jose ami Way Stations J7:Bop
A for Morulug. P for Afternoon.
* Sunday eicepteil. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
(Saturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVEHT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN"
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTEREI>
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLQ
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAK2
MARKET-STREET FERRT AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR.
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN"
EVERT DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE!
RATES. .
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANT IS-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTS.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62$
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway. ■
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
X^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLfc^fcjiH f>lii"» KKAR.WST. E3tib!lsh.-d
wai •*»« In 1«(5* for tho treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
82» HEARST XT. Established
In 1834 for tho treatment of Private
Dlse.useß, Lost Manh<N>d. Debility or
Hh^hCH disease wearing bodyand mind and
ivWBBWPHSkin Disease, Thedoctorcureswhfn
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Curenfuaraalrvtl. Callorwrite,
Dr. J. *'. UIBBONi Box i»37, San Francisco.
1314
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franolseo
Cnll. corner of Market ami Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRAXHI OFFICES H7 Montgomery street.
fcorner Clay; open until 9:M o'clock.
en until 8:30 o'clock.
659 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o clock.
616 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2561 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 i 'dock.
venth street: open until 9 o clock.
■; until 9 o'clock.
\ rtl tfesrt corner of Twenty^econd and Ken
tucky Btreets; open ur.til 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5 H. A. . M., •
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) FVE.N-
IXG, Sept. 2, at T;3t> o'clock. R. A. J\^
degree. By order of the H. P. / »
IXKLIN 11 PAY. Secretary.
MISSION J-od^e No. 169. F. and A. II
Callell meeting THIS (SATTII-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. lty\
Third degree. ' ~ '
C. D BUNKER, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Ix>lge No. 2. .■*>&£>&>
I. O. O. Regular meeting -xgt?^
THIS rSATUKDAT) EVENING.
Third degree.
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; I:. W. Ring, attorney at law. \
sixth floor. Chr.-inirle • ling; no advance
charges: estates, gages, .I, images, attach- •
ments, bankruptcy, all rases: wills, contracts, [
etc.; drawn; moderate fern; .-■•■- ■■
iiAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
(r>i:r« (ex-Congressman) and James L. GaJln- :
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) hay* I
moved their law offices to the Parrott build- !
ing. S2i-S.M Market ft.: ■-' South 215.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; j
ro fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, v > Market, cor. Btocktn.
X). S. LARK, Emma Ppreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance, :
J. 1!. PARKER, 916 Market .<t.. room 07; advice ;
free; charge low; business pushed.
JS"A(;.' t NAG Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Ppreckels building. 927 Market st. I
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful". W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
CHEAPEST and b»st In America-The Weekly -
Call, 16 pases; sent to any address in the j
United States or Canada one year for J..
postoae I'niij. _^_^__
ACCOUNT ;
B. X BALLARD, 401 Cal. si .. designs, audits A',
adiusts accounts for corporations & firms: ref.
BICYCLES — Fur Sale op Exchange, j
COLUMBIA bicycles rented and Bold at Al- ;
len's immense blcyclery teaching. Academy
Hall. SOxIOO feet: repairing. I»»i6 to 1*74 Pnge. |
BOARD AM) ROOMS. j
JHOTKI, FAIRMOUNT— first-class; 1714
Market st., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
Or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up;
suites without board. Si per day; single rooms,
60c; special rates by month, also to tourists.
HAVES, 671— Furnished room with board; pri- ;
vate family; terms reasonable to steady per- \
son; use of parlor and bath.
FRUIT VALE; priv. board: extensive grounds,
lncl. orchard; Hopkins House. Hopkins and
Frultvale ay. ; cars ppss. Ad. Diamond P. O.
EDDY, fill— Newly furnished . sunny rooms; |
board optional; home cooking; bath. I
GEARY, 938— Handsome suite and bath; front j
.garden ; separate entrance.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, buitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
A WEEK'S news for C cents— The Weekly Call,
16 ; ages, In wrapper, for mailing, SI per year. !
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED. |
YOUNG Eastern man desires board In a strict-
ly private family; state terms and full par-
ticulars. Box 2213, Call.
FIRST-CLASS board and 3 rooms In private
family for 3 persona. Apply Ik>x 8468. Call.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
6CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $2800; saloon: kept by present owner 11
years; few doors from Market St.; vicinity
Baldwin Hotel; lease; a first-class paying
place; no better offer for location or business
In the market. R. O. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— !■'■>; SALOON. Including- 6 furnished rooms,
corner Market and Powell sts. ; must le sold
to-day. R. O. WILKE.. 906 Market st.
A— *■»:''>; PARTNER wanted, man or lady, In
fim-claes paying home bakery, delicacy an
lunch house; close to Powell and Ellis sis. ;
$1(.O for each partner guaranteed. Particular
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market Ft.
A— ISSO; RESTAURANT, opp. City Hall: good
estab place; best class ot custom; fullest In-
vestigation solicited. B. G. WlLht), 906
Market st.
A— s2so— RESTAURANT doing a good business
on Larkln St.; rent low; splendid place for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 806 Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
fioint; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab-
lshed years: full value in night; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
CALL and see my lists of line business propo-
sitions; tine paying restaurants, coffee houses,
saloons, groceries, hotels, city, country mer-
chandise stores for sale and exchanged;
money loaned on furniture at Hi per cent.
EITEL. IM)S% Market st.
A— I7SO— BAKERY, Western Addition; 6 minny
living-rooms; 3 horses, wagons; fine condition;
bakes 2'« barrels flour daily; owner there 9
years. STERNBEKG, -•'■'•: Kearny St.
FRUIT stand; fine business; 3 living
rooms: low rent. BASILS, 3 Eddy st.
$225— CANDY and Ice cream parlor. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 2 Market St.
WOOD and coal yard, 2 teams;, sales 50 tons
monthly. BECK. i3i Market st.
WANTED— in quartz mine; have a
new, latest improved 2-stamp mill: will put
up mill on good developed prospect; state full
particulars. Address box 2000. Call office.
"WOULD rent a dairy of 100 cows for half the
_ Income. JOHN EGLI. Ocean View.
ELECTRICIAN and locksmith's shop; good
.location; no agents. AddresS box 2471, Call.
r\V ANTED— Partner In printing business. 344
McAllister st.
."WANTED— Lodging house; 30 to 45 rooms; cen-
tral; cash buyer; no agents. Box 1343, Call.
|*00— CIGAR stand and candy store; good cor.;
transfer point; lr.vesgt. Cor. Post and Taylor.
ACROPOLIS chophouse. Sutro Heights; cheap";
going tp Europe. No. 6, half block from baths.
WHOLESALE and retail wine business on
Market St.; established » years; steadily grow-
ing bar and family trade; domestic reasons
for selling: Intending buyers with ready cash
' address for particulars D. E. N.. box 3203,
Call office; no agents or trifiers.
:I*ORK and delicacy store below cost account
of sickness; 4 sunn,y living-rooms. Apply 116
Seventh »t.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business;
good location; proprietor sick; terms reason,
able; trial given. Address box 3225, Call.
EOBER man, must have $150 to go to South-,
eastern Alaska; work- recorded placer claims
H. P. ELLIS. 508 Ellis St., after 1 p. m. '
.WANTED— Capital to back manufacture of
automobiles, gasoline motors, etc. ; have fa-
cilities. Box 2401. Call.
JtESTAURANT near Sutro car house for sale
' cheap; sickness cause. 3021 Clement st.
FOR SALE— Laundry route; good horse and
wagon. Address box 2437, Call.
FOR SALE— A good paying branch bakery and
coffee parlor. Inquire at?l3 Larkln st.
SALOON: $3yO; 12 Seventh; fixtures alone worth
price asked; selling account of sickness.
ROUTE on evening paper for sale cheap. In-
quire 1923 A Howard St.. bet. 7 and 8 p. m.
PAYING barber shop cheap for cash; sickness
cause of selling. Box 2435, Call office.
WANTED— house; 30 to 46 rooms; cen-
tral; cash, buyer; no : agents. Box 1343,- Call.
SALOON and lunch house. 150 First St., cor.
Natoma. or 224 Front st.; no agents.
BAKERY and delicacy; suitable for man and
Wife; good location; cheap. Apply Call.
dOFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & C0.'5.\412 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms: all full;
north of Market. Box IS4I. Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale — Good paying inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $200; splendid local-
'- ity; cash business. Apply owner, 108 Castro.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
. ate, cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlr.g Works, 353-357 Tehatria St.; tel. 8. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 228; lowest rate*.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at «c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTKATTOX'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
Bt. : cleaning, Sc per yard; tel. • Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating "Works. 333 Golden
Onte hyp. : tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SI IKITLALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
■rated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop- ;
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells 1
your entire life. past, present and future, J
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction |l
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular i
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK. ,
IOZSVfc Market Bt.. near Sixth. Always consult
the best. ;
HUE. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, telie past '
and future; never falls; lias the greatest j
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hue- !
band or wife; fee, 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. 1167 Market at.,
bet. Seventh and Eighth. _^______
MM!". PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life readings; '
ladies, :•:>; gents, $1; sittings. ?1 60. 126 Turk.
CONSULT a trance clairvoyant medium; cir-
cle to-nlcht. 10c: 2 mediums. MO Valencia.
YOUR fortune told by cards, 25c: dally. 10 a. !
m. to 10 p. m. : Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; j
past, present, future; Me. 143 Sixth St., r. 12.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
AN honest medium; truthful messages or no
charge; readings $1. 969 Hayes st.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card j
reader: 16c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRSC J.MEYER, 335 McAllister, tests daily ex-
cept Wed. Pat. ; 2 & S p.m.,loc&2sc;glttlnts dally.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; nanwa given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYUILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 250: ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
UEORGeTwTkELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ABoVt finished, modern S-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage 6 rooms;
lots 50x150; easy terms. Apply IBIS Mozart
St., Mastlck Station, Alameda.
SUNNY cottage, 5 and 6 rooms; corner flat of :
7 rooms, bath, gas; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St.,
near Dolores.
______
DENTISTS.
X-DR^ T. S~HIGGINS" dental parlors, 927
Market at., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas j
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums: the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and '
filled or crowned without pain; plates that nt j
from $4 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50 i
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry. I
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes ,
the pain: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown 'and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns, }3 50; plates,
full set, 15; all work painless and warranted. i
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth"st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns, '
$S SO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, Ba. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
P. m Q. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. 13; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prtces; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. ;
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. lS4lPolk St.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings, £50 Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., San
Francisco ßookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
Ii act design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; Individual Instruction;
200 graduates* annually placed In positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new SO- page cata-
logue free.
AIRES' Business College. 723 Market st.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, }50; catalogue.
— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges:
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor, l'helan big.
DANCING— Both adult and children's classes
at Hlnman's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk st.
" and corner of Howard and Twenty-first fits.,
are now open for the season.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
A. L. MINER gives lessons, private or class,
in Latin, mathematics, physic?, etc.; 20 years'
experience. 1312 Green at.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey. assay, archi. ; day and eve.;
eat. ISS4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipslc; lessons, 7Bc. 320 Golden Gate aye.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad. ; French, Spanish.
$2 mo. 530 G. O. aye., r. 5-7: hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools. 527 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent: translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FemaIe.
FIRST-CLASS Scotch second girl, with ex-
cellent reference, wishes situation. Leave
order with J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Butter.
A YOUNG lady wants position as stenograph-
er and bookkeeper; will accept small salary;
wants practice. MISS KATIE BOSS, 622
Green St.
A GERMAN girl would like situations as nurse
j or second work. 36G Ninth St., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED young lady, reliable, with
good references, wants position in Mechanics'
Fair; salary or commission. Box 2461, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes situation; general
housework or working housekeeper. 94 Tif-
fany aye., off Twenty-ninth and Mission sts.
A LADIES' nurse would like a few more en-
gagements. 1?36 Market st., room 110.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
nt home. . S2l Mission St., room 1. „,..'.
GERMANS' lady would ' like position as sales-
lady In bakery. Address box 10, 615 Larkln.
BY young .French girl to do second work and
care of children; good references. 911^4 Minna
St., oft Tenth; no postal* answered.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants a position In an
American family; can do good plain cooking.
Please call at 249 Seventh at. .
YOUNG girl wishes position to do general
housework In small family; wages $16 to $18.
1422 Devlsadero St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 26c to $1 CO night: *1 60 to %i
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggae to and from ferry.
SI A WEEK— Large sunny single room: closet;
bath; private. ■. 222 Fifth at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male^
CHlNESE~and~Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414*4 OFarrell st. : tel. East 426.
GERMAN. Industrious, first-class gardener;
thoroughly understands the care and propa-
gating of plants, greenhouses, fruit and vege-
table?, wants position; references. GAR-
DENER. 435 Pine st.
BOOKKEEPER and salesman; 15 years' expe-
rience, wants position; city or country; would
leave U. S. ; Manila, Mexico, anywhere; ref-
erences and bond. Box 2470. Call.
SOBER, strong, elderly man wants work; pri-
vate family; horses, garden; useful In gen-
eral; handy with tools; wages moderate; ref-
erences. A. X., Call office. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by young man of steady
habits In wholesale house as bookkeeper or
assistant; wages no object. Address box l\A\.
Call office.
MARRIED man with family would like a situ-
ation on a small ranch or vineyard or or-
chard. JOHN EGLI. Ocean View.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and gardener, with
best of reference; sober and reliable; under-
stands his business thoroughly. G.W.,147 6th.
YOUNG man desires situation; clerical lor as
traveling salesman; good bookkeeper and
mathematician. Box 2467, Call.
YOUNG man from New York would like posi-
tion in club, hotel or restaurant as steward,
head waiter or cashier; am competent in
every respect: can secure and control good
help; best of references. Box 2462. Call.
A STRICTLY first-class licentiate plumber
with all necessary shop tools will work by the
day or week for property owner or estate;
reference. Address box 2455, Call.
SITUATION wanted; thoroughly understands
horses, garden and housework. Call or ad-
dress JULIUS KIECKBUSCH, 1800 Union st.,
corner < ictiivla.
SITUATION wanted In saloon as bartender by
steady German-America nr permanent posi-
tion more an object than wages; reference.
Address 5 Riteh St.. third floor. __
ENGINEER In search of. employment; under-
stands pipe-flttinp and care of amalgam
plates. Address box 2436, Call.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and tinter; first-class,
quick, up-to-date mechanic; will work cheap,
city or country. Box 2-163. Call office.
SITUATION by young man taking care horses,
cow. garden; good driver; handy with tools;
references. Box 745. Call office.
YOUNG man would loan few hundred dollars
to secure employment, or invest in partner-
ship Box 4SO, Oakland P. O. . •;,
SALARY no object; young man wants light
work around private place or roadside hotel:
can assist at bar, lunch counter and do plain
cooking; letters only. HARTLEY, care of
Mr. James Anderson, Milwaukee Insurance
Co., 410 California st.
MAN and wife wlsi; situation; man is good
milker and understands care of horses; wife
good cook and housekeeper. Address box
2421, Call office.
BAKER and pastry wants situation in
good house: wide experience and good refer-
ences. GEORGE STOLL. 781 Mission st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
EXCHANGE.
12 ACRES silver prunes, cherries, peaches, ap-
ples and nuts; beautiful home: good Income;
exchange for lodging house. BECK. 935 Mkt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 '♦: Market Bt.. San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY middle corner fiat; modern Improve-
ments. 1W)O Webster St., cor. Golden Gate.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin St.. nr. Golden Gate.
BUSH, 1209%— Flat, 4 rooms; rent $12. Apply
12118 Bush st.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
ELEGANT bay-window; 6 i-unny rooms: flat;
bath; rent reduced. 735 Minna St., nr 9th.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWE LI..
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 904 Minna »t.,
near Tenth.
GREENWICH. 1424, bet. Polk fit. and Van Ness
aye.— 6 large rooms, $1S; 3 rooms, with stable,
$7. \
GUERRERO. 911 A. bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second— Fine sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath.
HAVES, .'7l— Flat of 6 rooms and bath; $17;
water free.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; mod-
ern Improvements; rent $15.
$30—1801 MCALLISTER, cor. Baker; modern up-
per Hat; S rooms and bath: in perfect condi-
tion; rent reduced from $37 50. BOVEE. TOY
& SONNTAG. 624 Market st.
NOE, 597-599, cor. Nineteenth — rooms. $13 50;
.'. rooms, ?17; corner; water free.
SACRAMENTO, 1230, near Jones— handsome
rooms.
BUNNY flat, 4 rooms; yard, water; $10; adults.
2 Lysett place, off Sacramento, near Jones.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms, bath and yard; rent
reasonable. 3570 Seventeenth, near Guerrero.
THIRD, 417^— Latest improved flats; Ist, 8 rms..
2 kitchens; 2d. 7 rms.. one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
THIRTEENTH. 220. near Howard— Corner up-
per flat, 6 rooms and bath; $16.
TO LET— ? 22 Valencia St., Mission warm belt;
upper flat; 4 rooms and bath; sun all day;
rent reasonable; good locality.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— s sunny
rooms; bath; large lot; $15: water free.
UPPER Bat— Reed st.; 5 rooms and bath;
marine view; $20. Key 1325 Washington st.
— NEW lower flat. 6 rooms; porcelain bath;
tiled sink; fancy mantels. 2105 Jones st.
2 CHOICE sunny flats; C and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to s"c; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTEKN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
2ND band'— Highest rash price paid. 559 Mission.
HELP WANTED — Female.
!7T. "".'Z.^^.T!7r!7!Tr^ REE"FA7tE~7rT7r. . . '. '".'".'. ,: . . I
2 extra chambermaids, wait dinner. $1 a day; i
2 extra waitresses, $1 a day, for Pacific Grove;
8 extra waitresses for Santa Cruz, $1 and
found. -.. . •: ■ ':'
All to go next week: about 5 days' work.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WAITRESSES, $20 each
Redwood City, Palo Alto, Dunsmuir, Tiburon,
Bakersfleld, Salinas, Healdsbure, Pescadero,
Made-ra, Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz.
.'. waitresses, city, $20-; 7 chambermaids, to
wait. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
40 COOKS, house girls and second girls; $12 to
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist
in housework. 1E49 Mission St., between j
Twelfth and Thirteenth.
STRONG German girl for general housework
and plain cooking; 3 in family; wages $20.
' 961 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL for general housework; $16. 3321 Twenty-
third st.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking: neat sewers
will be paid. Room 4. 231 Post st.
WANTED— Good coat finisher and buttonhole
maker. 614 Post st.
Chambermaid. Eureka Hotel, 415 j
Brannan st.
A YOUNG girl to assist with housework and
baby. 1223 Buchanan St., near. Turk.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted to work in
factory. 723 Market St., room 35.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted to take
work home. 723 Market St., room 35.
GIRLS to sew on buttons. 36*4 Fremont st. ■
SMART, neat girl for light housework; wages
$10. 2777 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL to assist In light housework; sleep at
home; wages $8 to $10. 2617 Sacramento st.
GIRL for light housework; plain cooking; no
washing. 1218 Ellis St., morning.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; references. Apply |
box 2472, Call office.
GOOD waitress for restaurant; good wages.
406 McAllister st.
LITTLE girl for light housework; good home;
wages $5. 906 Minna St., off Tenth. "~r.=-
COMPETENT woman for working housekeep-
er: references. 1136 Park aye., Alameda.
V'AITRESSES registered free at HOTEL OA-
ZETTE. 26 Montgomery St., room 12.
WANTED — A strong girl about 116 years to as-
sist In general housework; Protestant pre-
ferred. Box 2466. Call.
GIRLS wanted at 756 Bryant st. .
YOUNG woman, light housekeeping; $3 month-
ly; one in family. Box 2466, Call.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
876 San Jos* aye.- ■-, • -.. -
HELP WANTED Female.
WANTED— One French, one Protestant and
flrst-class neat Irish girl ua waitress and par-
lar maid. $25; 4 second girls, $2U; nurse, one
child. $20; chambermaid, plain wash, $20; 6
waitresses, coffee houses and restaurants. $5
and $6 a week; 5 waitresses, country hotels.
$20; 6 Protestant and German cooks, $30; 25
girls, general housework, city and country
places, $26;; waitress, country hotel, $20;
chambermaid assist waiting, nice country'
hotel, $20: 4 cooks, private boarding-houses,
$25. $30; 16 young girls, assist housework. $15.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Butter.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO.. LTD., Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., at 32V4 Fremont St..
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
AMERICAN man and wife, private family;
wife good cook, man all-around workman;
references exchanged. Address CHARLES
AYMER, lIS Fulton st.
YOUNG girl for shooting gallery; $5 a week.
Inquire at 403 Dupont St., Jewelry store, after
6 p. in,
HELP WANTED — Male.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT FROM 7 A. M. TO-DAY
60 men for harvest lields, $2 50, $2. $1 50 day
and found, for all parts of California
farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $20 to $40
and found
milkers and butter makers, $25 to $35 and fd
6 strong men as deckhands $45 and found
choremen boys for factories
stablemen $25 and $40 and found
milk wagon driver, city; Swiss gardener and
others. $25 and found; $3 50 day for strong
men aa hay balers
MEN FOR WINERY
6 men to work in wine cellars, $26 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FIFTY grape pickers, $1 per ton and board
HOP PICKERS
men. women and families to pick hops In So-
noma Co., $1 10 per 100 lbs. MUKKA.Y &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELP
Engineer and fireman for large Vineyard Co.
fireman for threshing outfit. ..$2 50 day and fd
blacksmith, country shop $65
wagonmaker, country shop
mill bench hands upholsterers
sash and doormaker stonecutters
lather for Sawmill Co
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
J. SCHMIDT, Wiigoiunakcr. please report.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
GRAPE PICKERS FRUIT PICKERS
Anybody can pick rrult
600 fruit and grape pickers for all parts of
California $30 and found
office fee only $1 ,
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
'. TO THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS
we pay your fares; oti common laborers (no
experience required), wages $26 to $40 per
month and found; also woodchoppers, tie-
makers, lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers, tim-
ber fellers. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
STABLEMEN .. CANWASHERS.. HOSTLERS
hostler, country stable, $::0 and found; 5 sta-
blemen and buggy washers, $25 to $35 and
found; canwasher. $40. MURRAY & READY,
C 34 and 636 Clay st.
25 STONE and concrete mason, ruble work,
$3 50 day; 5 helpers and 6 laborers, same job.
$:! 50 and $2 day. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-630 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE
Great R. R All R. R but one 11. R
(the one we don't ship is Coast R. R); drill-
ers, laborers, teamsters, section laborers,
hammersimon, etc.; stone masons, wages from
$3 50 .lay. MURRAY & READY, 634-6.16 Clay.
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT DEPT.
25 cooks $25 to $-10 and found
camp waiters $25 and found
waiters, city and country hotels, $25 and $3";
young man for bakery $35
confectioner and make Ice creams $35
marker and distributor for laundry. $2 day;
bakers, country shop, $40 and $30 and found;
second and third bakers, $25 and $35; elevator
boys; man and wife as bartender and cook,
country hotel. $40; porters, etc. MURRAY &
READY. r,:f4-63G Clay st.
SUPERINTENDENT for laying an electric
light plant, ccc party here; carpenters for
Government work. {3 day. MURRAY &
READY. 684-688 Clay Ft.
BIG INDUCEMENTS FOR BOYS TO SELL
SUNDAY CALLS. APPLY AT PRESS-
ROOM SATURDAY BETWEEN 3 AND 4
P. M.
I __ _—
WANTED- -Bakers' assistant, must understand
something about the business. $35, for vry
nic place: porter for nice coffee house and
confectionery, must be willing to make him-
self useful, wash dishes, etc-, $25; candy-
maker for Nevada, $8 week and found, fare
advanced, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., £2s Bat ramento st.
WANTED 3 noks nnd wives for country". $45.
$.",.". and $60; porter and wife for small cuuntry
boarding house, $40; second cook. $12; fourth
< k. $10; cook, country hotel, $45; restaurant
cook, French style. $55; restaurant waiter,
country, $35; colored porter, $20; dishwash-
ers, vegetable men and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. C> Sacramento st.
j WANTED Clerk for gents' furnishing store,
references, good wages; errand boy for store
who can wrap parcels $4 50 a week. See J.
]•'. CROSETT A- CO.. 62-S Sacramento st.
WANTED- Ani'Ti'-an farmers, $30- 3 milkers,
$30; 10 men to pick fruit. $30 anil found: stout
man to work about brewery, $25; 2 laborers
fot building contractor; quartz miners, $2 50
ilny; engineer for mine; machinist for coun-
try. $2 50 day; stableman, $35 and $50; hop
pickers, ,$1 10 per 100: laborers for sawmill,
$30; boy for different kinds of work. $4 to $6
week; 100 laborers and teamsters. $1 75 to $2
day: drillers for tunnel work, $2 25 day, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
nn-r.to st.
WANTED — Ranch cook, 5 men, $2.", good place;
man and wife to run a boarding house for
lanre- company near city, see party here, good
chance: 3 men to work on thrasher. $1 50 per
day and board: woodsmen, lumbermen, milk-
ni«n, farmers, laborers, milkers; second
baker, country shop. $30. fare advanced, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Attendant for Institution, short
distance In country. $25 per munth and found;
night attendant for same place, $30. reference
required. Apply to W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay «t.
WANTED— Man to make himself generally use-
ful about a milk and butter 'depot in city;
salary $20 per month and found. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton St.— Fireman and
assistant engtneer, $45; ship carpenter, $50;
lfiundryman for transport. $35; 3 cooks ait $50,
city and country; waiter, $40; hotel waiter,
$30; several dishwashers, $15 to $3C; assistant
washers, $25: saloon porter, $10 a week; 3
milkers, north, j>are paid. $30.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man for commis-
sion business; pays $15 to $18 a week: experi-
ence not necessary : must have $100 cash. 1016
Market St., room 10.
TAlLORS— Cnatmakcrs wanted for Stockton
and Sacramento. Call at STEIN, SIMON &
CO.'R. Market and Second sts., S. F.
$60 PER month, with chance of advance; steady
man to deliver goods nnd collect; must have
$100 cash. Apply 1032 Market St., room 4.
GOOD strong boy wanted, 16 to 18 years old.
7:30 this morning. S. N. WOOD & CO.,
Powell and Eddy st.
BUSHELMEN wanted at 7:30 In the morning.
8. N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market st.
WANTED— Strong, honest boy, about 14 years,
to learn mechanical trade; live home. Box
2465. Call office.
WANTED— Band sawyer and shaper hand; also
matcher hand. E. C. PITCHER, Sixth and
Hooper sts.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 855
Chester St., Oakland, Center-st. station;
wages $5.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $2. 52 Seventh
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3. 89
Third st.
BARBER for Saturday evening. 1131 Howard
street.
BAHBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
656 Fourth st., and also one at 405 Third.
BARBER for Saturday. 532 Third st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 1091 Howard
street.
BARBER wanted steady for Saturday and
Sunday. 715H Davis et.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday;
$4 60. 405 Third st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FOR sale cheap— 2-chalr barber shop and laun-
dry. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh St.
STEADY waiter in a restaurant. 176»Vi Mis-
sion st.
WAITER wanted at 8 Hayes st.
HELP WANTED
FREE FARE~T7!7Tr
Foreman and keep time for a gang; of labor-
ers. $2 a day and found; 3 milkers, $30 and
found, s.ee boss here.
C. R. HANSEN St CO., 104 Geary at.
2 FRENCH cooks, country restaurant, $4 and
13 a day and free fare; French fry cook,
hotel, $60, free fare. Sunday— Second <jook,
plain hotel, $35; head cook, restaurant, $60;
fourth cook, $10 a week; night cook, $10 a
■week; cook and helper for a camp, $75 and
found: second shop baker on cake, $35.
3 waiters, same country hotel, $25 each.
3 bellboys, hotel, $15 $12 and $10.
Colored waiter, country, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD laundryman. $100 and found; mangier
and starcher. $25 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
ALL discharged soldiers wanting work on the
coast railroad as laborers, teamsters or tun-
nelmen at going wages can secure It free of
any expense to the work. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary at. •
FREE FARE
10 men to cut beet tops; no experience re-
quired; $110 a day and board; fee $1; call
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
FREE FEE FREE FARE
for tunnelmen, teamsters and laborers, $2 75
to $1 75 a day.
5 stonemasons, $3 50 a day; fee $1. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
FREE FARE
Teamsters and laborers for the Valley Road,
$2 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FARMER and wife, near city, $50 and found;
3 milkers, $30, fare free; milker, $25. fare 10c;
carriage maker, $3 a day; bench hand, box
factory, $2 75 a day; 2 teamsters, lumber
wagon, $2 to $3 a day, city; 6 lumber pliers,
$20 and found;* 4 fruit pickers, fare 25c, $1
a day and found; blacksmith, city, $10 a
week, light job.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
FREE FARE~7.7T~~
80 men to cut beet tops, no experience needed,
$1 10 a day and found; 2 months" work; ship
Monday.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED
Dennis Sullivan, the porter.
Charles Lasnlle, the cook.
Robert Lee. the bellboy.
C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
BOY to work In bakery. 1510 Turk st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 3034 Sixteenth St.,
near Valencia.
BOOTBLACK wanted Saturday and Sunday
morning. 1205 Fillmore St.. nr. Turk.
MATE for ship to Australia; no ticket need-
ed, at HERMAN'S, 36 Steuart St.
DISHWASHER at German Hotel. 560 Howard
street. . r': —
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 604
Montgomery aye. ; wages $4.
WANTED— A vegetable man at 907 Kearny
street.
JAPANESE cook and general housework: must
be good washer and lroner for small Ameri-
can family; $20. Apply 233 Third aye., Rich-
mond district; take Geary or Sutter-st. car.
WANTED— A cook. Apply at Manhattan
House, 825 Battery st.
OFFICE boy, 14 to 16, wholesale 'house; $3 per j
week. I! x 2438, Call.
WANTED— Laundry marker and to distribute
clothes. 1142 Howard st
BRASS molder for light work. Apply super-
intendent THOS. DAY CO., 725 Mission Ft.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shoes, cloth-
Ing and tools. S. BERKOWITZ', 634 Pacific.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission at., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to (jOe. 662 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd sts. I
THREE or four* good hustlers; solicit from j
wagons; salary or commission. 156 Fifth st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weekß; only Institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed: call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, C 35 Clay st.
WANTED— 2O laborers for Point Richmond; I
wages $2; also 10 hammer and drill men,
wages $2 25. Apply JAMES A. McMAHON.
210 Spear st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers swages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. H. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rnlkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 largo I
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis St.
WANTED— Men to work in brickyard, South
San Francisco, San Mateo County.
BRIGHT, energetic salesmen; directly to con-
sumer; salary or com. 1171 Mission st.
4 GOOD solicitors; reference; salary. 300 Post
street.
GENTS fine calf shoos to order. $2 50 up: sole- j
Ing, 20c to 35c; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard It
TRY our lie meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138 V. Eighth St.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket St.; free shaving in students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart 6t.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863^ Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. ■
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baeeae'e to and from the ferry
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
MULES— car large and one car small
mules for sale; also pasturage for 1000 head
of stock the year "round; a special field of
alfalfa, Egyptian corn and other kinds of
feed to fatten 500 head of cattle by Jan. 1,
1900. J. M. CANTY. Grayson. Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st. auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
-7.1F.1,. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES TO LET.
$27 50— 3-STORY bay-window house In good
order, with large yard and stable 1 ; 1529 How- ,
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET,
411% California st.
GEARY, 639— Rear; sunny; all renovated; 8
rooms and bath; 1 or 2 families; $20. .
FINE house; 6 rooms, bath, basement; good
stable. 1109 Shot well st.
HOUSE, 6 rooms; yard; $10 per month. Apply
JOHN I. GRAHAM. 431 Precita aye.
HYDE, 711, near Sutter— 2-story bay-window
house; 11 rooms; mod. Imp.; reasonable.,
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery at.
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye., near Turk and Buchanan Pt».
HOUSES TO LET Furnished.
FURNISHED house, 6, 6 or 8 rooms; mod-
ern: good neghborhood; references ex-
changed. 2533 Mission st.
HOUSES — LODGING Sale.
$1100— SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented ; near
Market st. rent $10 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS; finely turn.; north of Market
all rented: rent $50 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic achool-honpltal. 325
Ellis: fee with private room, board 'and
treatment, $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Between Twenty-second and Chatta-
nooga and Valencia st. depot, stick pin, ruby
four brilliant settings; liberal reward. 3562
Twenty-second st.
LOST— Japanese poodle, black ears and
black spot on back; reward by returning to
3904 Seventeenth st.
STRAYED— setter dog. black markings
over eyes. Write "Doctor," Hospital Pre-
sidio.
$5 REWARD for Information or return of small
female fox terrier: brown Bpot on back and
brown head; no questions asked. MRS. B F
GERMAIN, The Fail-mount. " '
LOST— Electric seal fur shoulder cape, high
collar, silk lined, on Enclnal boat leaving
city 12:15 Saturday night last, from narrow-
gauge depot. Reward St. Helena Bazaar St
Helena. Cal. ' '
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MARY CONNOLLY or MATHIAS
J. CONNOLLY, No. 204-C64. The finder will
please return to bank.
$20 RE WARD— Lost; black spaniel dog on Aujr
25, 1899; short tall. Above reward will be
paid return to The Ormonde, 432 Califor-
nia st. RUSCONI & FISHER.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Southern Pacific pass, marked A. Kirk-
wood, and papers. Finder will return them
[ to A. JOSUE, 30 California St.; reward $5.
LOST— Small black Cocker spaniel dog, heav-
ily feathered; has on nickel link and leather
1 collar; has been missing several days. Re-
turn to 1352 Market st. Liberal reward.
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and beib sanitarium, 764-766 Clay at., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 30C0 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to II a. m., 1 to 1
and 7 to 9 d. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to a.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st. .
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladles' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS— For # Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
AN almost new 12-bore W. W. Greener breech-
loading shotgun; originally cost $150; for $65.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant Grant aye.
COCKER spaniel pups; thoroughbred; prize
stock. 171 Cook st., off Geary; quick sale.
SECOND-HAND billiard table; In good order;
complete. 835 Folsom St., WM. BATEMAN.
SAFES— and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co 109-111 Market St.. S. F..Cal.
2 PRACTICAL cabinet makers' benches; 1 ex-
tra large oak sideboard. Apply .before 12, 329
Guerrero st.
IRISH setters; pedigree show and working
stock. Glenmore Kennels, 2641 Linden, Oakld.
LATHE; 10-ft. bed, 20-in. swing: countershaft;
3 chucks; all tools complete. 516 Mission st.
FOR sale— Stock and fixtures of chicken ranch;
cost $550; will sell for $400. Box 2451, Call
office. Oakland.
ONE 5-foot Montague restaurant range, com-
plete; 1 No. 8 Eureka, with high shelf; 1
baker's sand oven; cheap. GRAHAM &
LOANE, 439 Fifth St.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12
and 24 in.; gas engine, 2d hand. J. BURKE,
139 Beale st.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
A— s2o SUIT for $10. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR. 513 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks c: changed,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton St.
SAFES— and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Army press, lever press, paper cut-
ter: all second-hand; give lowest cash price.
Box 2469, Call office.
WASHER for hand laundry. P. O. box 246,
phone 43, Watsonville, Santa Cruz County.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co., 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— hire. 100 first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see js first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
■ CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— SIOOO on first mortgage on partly
developed mining property in Trinity County,
consisting of 150 acres; about 30 acres under
cultivation. Address box 2433. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 ami
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HANDSOME, almost new. Steinway upright
sacrificed. Rm. 12, Flood bldg., 4th "and Mkt.
W. G. BADGER, 411 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano In storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
tale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER & SON, the piano for you to buy
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A— sBs UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installments. $5 75 up-
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post st.
WANTED— Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY, 30S Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHAPE, 30 O'Farrell st
SU JJf?J I 22 violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
E r^ M . A SPR^K^LS^buTia^r^lilrkersT^
Desirable offices. $12 50 to $20. *"»""* «•
PALMISTRY.
MlJ*E?l^Eß]}A7RlDr7u^^^
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones- classes-
office hour.. 1 to 8 p. m.-. reading by mall. ?L
PERSONALS.
HOTEL Santa Cm, Uanta Cms, CaL-Flrs£
class family and commercial hotel This
hotel is located on corner of Locus? and Vtae
sts., 1 block from Court House; rates $1 to *»
per day: special rate to families. * *"
MARY— 1 got my handsome cape at the East-
'«> Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton nr Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA makes the hair
«'■ gl °» y . a d beautiful. Is what it claims
to be, a Hair Tonic; 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton.
R £ ST .= aSSUr ?2 t , hat LEDERER'S~ha"lrdresslng'
is always the latest; 25c only. See his win-
dow display of beautiful hair combs of every
description at lowest price. 123 Seockton st.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market at., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor baa removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
R^ PT Vi tE '« ?i I S. cured: examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterneld, 838 Market Bt.
PERSONALS.
JOHN If. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Bt., near Market; 700 rooms;
55c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wl -'esale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome at.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton at.
GOOD tai.or-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER, 329 Kearny St. :
JAMES A. SORE SON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin,sl4 Pine, ab.Krny.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Martyr st., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER, free treatment daily, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021'^ Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — By a practical farmer, either
dairy, stock, vineyi.nl or grain ranch to
rent on shares, with everything furnished.
Address H. J., box 2408. Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — Sale.
$350 CASH, $950 mortgage— cottage home;
310 sth aye., near Clement; a bargain. W. F.
McCLURE, 11 Montgomery st.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder. •
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
A BARGAIN— For sale or will exchange for
San Francisco real estate, ranch of 32 acres
in Sonoma County, near Sonoma City; county
road on all four sides of place; all in bear-
ing vines and fruits; good stone house of
9 rooms, and 4-room outhouse, with bath:
large barn and stable, windmill and tank:
water piped all around: all the crops and
farming implements go with the place; make
an offer. M. JOOST & BRO., 618 Gough st.,
San Francisco, Cal. ■
$300—165 acres, Sonoma County; small house;
plenty wood and water. Apply 125 Fifth st.
FOR SALE— 6OO acres dairying or grazing land
in the southern part of Humboldt County,
Cal.; never-falling crops; plenty of wood and
water; best of climate. MARTIN R. JA-
GER, 110 Taylor St.. S. F. ■
$850—10 ACRES rich level land; 1% miles from
town; Lake Co.; 7% acres bearing orchard;
good house; fine well water; bargain for im-
mediate sale. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.,
room i. • _^__^_^^___
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and lc»
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.; popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 607— Nice rooms; good board; gas,
bath, fSlano; telephone Larkin 1031.
FIFTH 221— Large rooms for housekeeping;
partially furnished kitchen; others: sunny.
FIFTH, 309 (new corner house) — Parlor and
bedroom, with kitchen; handsomely fur-
nished; other sunny rooms; reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 407—2 sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing; unfurnished.
FRANKLIN, 111B— Furnished or unfurnished
rooms; modern; reasonable.
FULTON, 121V4— 3 sunny front furnished rooms;
range, water, large yard; rent $16.
FULTON, 218, cor. Van Neatly furnished
flat, 3 rms., gas range, bath; also others.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
toilet; gas; yard; basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1200— Large, sunny fur-
nished room: private family. . ■ •
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Sunny front room;
reasonable; housekeeping; private family.
HARRISON, 925— One or 2 large rooms; furniah-
ed or unfurn. for housekeeping; very cheap.
HOWATID, 1324—2 or 3 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; very reasonable.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean,
sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up.Tef.
MARKET, 1028 — Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet: rent $12.
MARTHA place. 2, off Geary, near Taylor— 2
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
MINNA, 2.B Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; $1 week each.
MINNA. 40 — Convenient, comfortably fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary — Large sunny bay-
window, mantel; for 1. $7; 2, $9.
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished- house-
keeping room; rent cheap,-
ET. JAMES. Laguna and McAllister— Choicest,
sunniest In city; low rates.; furnished or not.
SITTER, 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
THIRD. Furnished housekeeping; $150 to
$2 50; transient solicited.
TURK, 545 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen on par-
lor floor; running water; $14 per month.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, nr. Dolores— 4 sunny
bay-window rooms; complete.
VAN NESS AYE., Front rooms for light
housekeeping; gas range.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
ROOMS TO LET Farn. and lafnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor.Broadway and Folk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and- Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms. ; transient.
AT New G and, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms..
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— neat
rooms, from $1 50 a week up.
EDDY, 532— Nice front room; second floor; la-
dies preferred.
EDDY, 617— Double parlors; also single; all
south sunny rooms? running water; gas, bath.
ELLIS, 518— New and elegantly furnished
rooms from $10 and up; fine suite.
: ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin Sunny bay-window;
folding bed and mantel; others cheap.
FERNWELL House,47 Post— New management;
all rms refurnished; suites and single; baths.
FOURTH. 222Vs (Palm House First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms; also single, $1 25 up.
GEARY, 14A— Sunny front suite; large closets;
running water: also other rooms; cheap.
GEARY. 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites, $2 per week up; very desirable.
GEARY, 405 (The Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS.HYEH.
GEARY, 556— Sunny front ami back parlor;
piano; phone; other rooms; light housekpg.
GEARY, 806— Room to let with 2 beds; rent IT
month. *
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 501—3 nice and sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
HARRISON, 784%. nr. Fourth— Finely furnished
sunny rooms; bath; quiet home; $1 week up.
HAVES. 114— One or two sunny ' unfurnished
rooms to let cheap.
HOTEL Grosevenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton—
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD. 715— 200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. 829— Furnished rooms from $1 P er
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 1144— Nice ■ sunny suites; running
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HYDE, 200— Large sunny front room; running
water; bath; gas; one or two gent 6.
JONES, Newly furnished sunny rooms;
gentlemen preferred.
JONES, 601. corner Geary— Elegant front sunny
suite; 5 minutes' walk' from Call; $30; gents.
LARKIN, . 5098— double rooms; gas; *U
conveniences; reasooaWa* - > >£•-■':'ROOMS TO LET — and I nfurn
LARKIN. Sl2B— Nicely furnished room; gas
and bath; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 15—2 pleasant sunny fur-
nlsdie.il ms; all conveniences.
MARKET. 10S5; and 33 Fifth-New" manage-
ment: fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MARKET. !482-tf: larse sunny room; email
range; large closet.
MASON', 417. opp. Native Sons' Rooms
with gas, grates, run. water: suites; single.
Minn •■ t^T, oor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, {1 per week: transient.
MISSION. Hi— Front room with folding bed
ana kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1^43 -Lrfirßp front room: suitable for
w 2 gentlemen or man anj wife.
NATOMA, Furnished room? to let: $1. $125.
$1 50; housekeeping rooms $2 50 per ■week.
NAT' " 252, near Fourth— 2 front linfurnleh-
ed rooms: water and closet; rent W.
••NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and single, $5 up; also hskpg.
OAK. 3Ss— Sunny room, nicely furnished; gas
and bath: cheap; private family.
OCTAVIA. 151, corner Page— Nicely furnished
large .bay-window room.
O'FARREI ' 2'i-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day. wk., mo.
O'FARREI.L. 63.<— Nice sunny rooms; gas and
modern conveniences; reasonable.
POWEIJL,. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms: reasonable.
RINCON place. -• oft Harrison, bet. First and
Second—View of bay: l large sunny room:
privilege to cook in the kitchen: lady or man
an 1 wife; no children.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis st— incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladies 1 parlor: rooms, per night, SSc to $1 50:
week, $2 to «- nth, »>> to 130; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold Wat.: baths.
SEVENTH. 262— Nice sunny rooms; detached
house: all modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 88 Eighth st.,
near '- 'urnlshed and unfurnished.
PIXTH. 33. nr. Market. Hills-dale House—
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
THE Heath. 312 Eddy it. First-claw
anil board: hot and coM water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THE Oaks. 11? Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor. ■
UNION Square House. 212 Stockton— Modern
rooms: by day, week or month; central.
UNION, 1213—1 furnished front room; rent $6
per month.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tlie Weekly Call,
I 1) paces. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES AM) SUPPLIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone M^lnt 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest ratps. 2*5 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants eject I for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
ROOMS parered from $3: whitened, II up;
painting done. Hnrtn-.an Paint Co.. 319 M st.
STORAGE AMI WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; '■■'.. Clay io.
FIKRCE-ROrOLPH, Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA advertisements.
\i.a.mi:da REAL, estate.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7. 8 and 9 rooms and bath each; firstclass
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
work all complete; from 13000 to $4<XX>: only
$s?"} cash and 125 and $30 per month: great bar-
gain*; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
In all parts of Alameda,
$2200— Lot E0xl50; 1200 cash and $20 per month:
f.ne. nearly new cottage; In a good neighbor-
hood: near High, School and station.
J2sCO— Let 35x115. with elegant residence of ?
rooms: In fine condition: macadamized ttreet;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3&M: any terms; same as rent.
526 C0 — Lot 40x207:<: fine, new, modern 8-room
crttage; near High School and station; $500 cash
a: i Jis per month.
Jlooo— Let 25x123: cottage of 5 rooms; street
work ccmplete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Lot S3 4x!08: with a fine modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath: nice garden; street
Work all done: near station and school; $100
cash, balance $20 per month.
$2550— 5500 cash, balance $25 per month: lot
40x150, with r- • up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
i. :. s bath: between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton 'V
$3250-5500 cash. $25 per month; less than
rent: !ot 40x!5O; elegant new 2-story, 8 rooms
and bath, on Morton St., near Morton-st. sta-
tion: best bargain In Alameda: elegant resi-
dences on Santa. Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Par.; Ft.. Alameda.
tI2TA— A CHANCE of a. lifetime: 5 rooms and
b.ith: partly new: lot 3.">xllO; street work and
sidewalk: will rent for $15 per month. J. H.
YQUXO. 1243 Park st.
ABOUT finished, modern «-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage. 6 rooms;
lots 60x150; easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
st.. Maatlek station. Alameda. /
SNAP— New House, R rooms and bath; lot Mx
150; good location; .' minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
ILAM&Di FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED cottace; 7 rooms; rent very
reasonahlp; 3 or C months. Box 2441. Call.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FURNISHED rooms, double or single: hot and
cold water shower baths: steam heat; tele-
phone n*>ar station ; breakfast if desired;
every home comfort. 2101 < Vntral aye. •
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOMB for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private, MRP. DR. FUNKF!, 1416 »th.
3EBKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DEKIIILci AinMlloLuLi\iO
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
HILLEOASS TRACT.
WITHIN S MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
5 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
Th« cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
COTTAOE, almost new. 5 rooms, bath: pantry:
folding doors: 2 bay windows; large lot: street
F owfT'-d and macadamized: cement sidewalk:
riose to railroad station, stores, schools,
churches electric cars: price SI"'"; only $100
cash, balance $17 "0 monthly: this is a rare
chance to get a nice home In first-class neigh-
borhood: take Berkeley train, get off at Lortn
station, ask for RUDOLPH ft PERKINS 1 of-
flc»: op'-ri Sundays and evenings.
ADVERTISEMENTS
FRIITVALE REAL — jTATE.
LARGE level lots. MOO; only $25 down; street
work done: sewers, water, gas, fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line: half-hourly trains to city; 5c
fart-: glorious climate; build a home to suit
yourself: easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale »ta.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
REDUCED from $7000 to assure a quick
•ale; neighborhood Franklin, near 19th st. :
Gothic Colonial style; new and all up-to-date
conveniences; electrical appliances, plate-
elaub- 9 rooms, etc.: an elegant bargain; see-
ing is believing; call early. J. S. MYERS, 1001
Broadway. Oakland.
60x120- on 7th aye.. nr J st., S. F.. to' exchange
for Oakland or Fruit vale property; not over
J2OOO. BERNED, 620 Bth St.. Oakland.
PIEDMONT Park— Lot 3 In plat Q: whole or
In subdivision. Apply A. J. X.. 2324 Clay St.,
San Francisco.
110 000— OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCK. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OIHI.AM) F1 'RMS II ED lIOUSE9.
HorsE ' rooma; large grounds: convenient for
2 families: lease for 1 year; $30. A. 8.. Call
office. Oakland.
oaklamT^furmture i"qr sale.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND California Schuetzen Club
Park and Building Association— A dividend
of 2E cents per share on the capital stock
of the California Schuetzen Club Park and
Building Association has been declared, pay-
able September 11. at the office of the Asso-
ciation, 122 Gutter st. __ •■"" ;: • "'-■'■
OTTO BURMEISTER. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for new pattern boots— Depot
Quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgomery
St.. .San Francisco. Cal.. September 2. 1599.
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. mi,
September 13, ISS9. Pacific Standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing 5000 pairs of new
pattern boots, conforming to standard and
specifications, adopted August 23, 1899. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including in
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
I nlted States reserves the right to accept or
reject any of th» proposals or any part there-
Of. Information and -blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be endorsed "Pro-
posals for now pattern Boots," and addressed
to Captain OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quar-
termaster, U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
U. S. ENGINEER office, Laushltn building.
Los Angeles, Cal.. August 29. IS99— Sealed
proposals for continuing construction of jetty
at San DUgo Harbor. Cal., will be received
here until 11 a, m., September 29. 1599. and
then publicly opened. Information furnished
on application. JAMES J. MEYLER, Cap-
tain Engineers.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cnl., August 1.
1899 Sealed proposals for dredging In Peta-
lumn. Creek, California, will be received here
until 12 o'clock noon, September S. 1599. In-
formation furnished I n application. W. H.
HEUER. Major Engineers.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to Creditors-Estate of PATRICK
KERVIN (deceased). Notice i* hereby given
by the undersigned. Union Trust Company of
San Francisco (a corporation), executor of
the estate of PATRICK KERVIN (deceased),
to the creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to exhibit
them with the necessary vouchers, within ten
(10) months after the first publication of this
notice, to the said Unlcn Trust Company,
executor, at its office, 2 Montgomery St.. the
same being its place for the transaction of
the business of the said estate in the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Call-
fornia
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO, executor of the estate of PATRICK
KERWIN (deceased).
Dated at San Francisco. August. 1 C 99.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Oscar Hacks and Anna F. Hlltz 2«-2S
Frank J. Ghiselll and Mabel Stevens 21-15
Jose L. Romelro and Maria Bettencourt — 29-19
Herbert Fowler and Ella Baker 2R-2S
Gottfried TVihm and Frieda Rohmer 34-23
Ramon G. Vail* and Rosario Rublo 41-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS^
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted". They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GORHAM-In Berkeley. August 27. 1?99, to the
■wife of C. H. Gorham, a daughter.
HUDDY— In this city, August 22. 1599, to th«
wife of James Huddy, a son.
STEERE— In this city. September 1. 1599, to the
wife of Jesse E. Bteere. a daughter.
MARRIED.
HARRIMAN— SMITH— In this city. August 30, |
1599, by the Rev. W. C. Pond, Lenn E. Harri- I
man of San Francisco and Hattle M. Smith |
of San Jose.
PETERS-KIELE— In this city. August 29. 1«99.
by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. David Johana j
Peters and Louise Klele. both of San Fran- (
Cisco. '
DIED.
Clancy, Daniel X. MeColl, Alexander D.
Drace, Elizabeth McMahon. Annie M. j
Finger, Louisa Neumann. Henry
Fisher, l>ona C. Pohl, George G.
Feyock, Conrad Ryan. James
Gilllck. James Smith. Eloise T.
Hahn. Anna R. Taggart. Alexander
Hurling. Eleanor M. Wahlstad, Esther F. ;
Heiser. Adam Ward. Mary J.
Herzog. Paul Watson, George A.
Imearten. Katherine Webb, Theresa H.
McCabe, Joseph P.
CLANCY— In San Pablo Creek, Contra Costa I
County, August 31, 1899, Daniel Korbert, be- :
loved son of Mary and the late Daniel Clancy,
and brother of May, John, Thomas, William
and James Clancy, Mrs. T. Fall. n. Mrs. J. ,
Smith. Mrs. H. Bcanlan and Mrs. .7. Blamyre,
a native ■:' San Pablo Creek, aged 24 years
s months and 17 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, at hi*
late residence in San Pablo Creek, thence to
St. Paul's Church, San Pablo, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DRACE— In Alameda, September 1, 1899, Eliza-
beth Drace, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Gus E. Dorn and George W. and Charles E.
Bennett, a native of England, aged 37 years. :
(St. Louis. Mo., papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, 1162 Broadway. Alam°da.
Interment private, Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
FEYOCK— this city, August 30. 1«99. Conrad,
beloved husband of Philippine Feyock. an.i
father of Fred Feyock. Mrs C. Manderscheld
and Minnie, Louis, Fredericks and Madeline ,
Feyock. a native of Bergsarb«-n. Germany. '
aged GO years 10 months and 1 day. A mem-
ber of the German Krieger Verein.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith
Hall, 121 Eddy street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
man Krieger Vereln. Interment • Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of H. P. ;
Petersen, 228 McAllister street.
FINGER— In this city, September 1. 1899,
Louisa, dearly beloved wife of Jacob Finger,
aged **7 years.
fry-The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday) at — o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
S and 10 City Hall square. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
FISHER— In Oakland. September 1. 1599. Leona
Churchill, beloved daughter of Alexander and
Mattie Fisher, a native of Selma, Fresno I
County, aged 1 year and 7 months.
Gil LICK In this city, August 31. 1899. James,
beloved husband of Ann Gillick, and father
of Mrs. D. M. Heagertv and Mrs. J. J. Flana-
gan, a native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged ;
68 years 3 months and 29 days.
r 'Friend:- of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral this day (Sat-» ;
urday). at 5:30 o'clock, from the residence of I
his daughter. Mrs. J. J. Flanagan, 751 lowa
street, between Twenty-third and Twenty-
fourth, Potrero.. thence to St. Theresa's
Church, where a solemn requiem high macs
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private,
in St." Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
HAHN -In this city, September 1, 1599. Anna '
R., beloved wife of Henry Hahn. mother of
Anna and Henry A. Hahn, daughter of Jacob
A and Maria Thaten, and sister of Peter and
Trina Thaten. Mrs. George Archambault and
Mrs. B. F. Johnson, a native of Stockton, I
aged 10 years 2 months and 12 days.
E7"Friendß and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited tr. attend th" funeral to-morrow j
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S3(U Fulton street, between Van Ness
avenue and Franklin street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
HERZOG— In this city, September 1. 1899, Paul
Herzog, beloved brother of Herman. Frank
and William Etertog. a native of San Fran- |
cisco, aged 32 years 7 months and 20 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julius S. Godeau. Interment Laurel Hill i
Cemetery. ■
HI ING -In this city, September 1. 1899,
Eleanor May. dearly beloved and only daugh- |
ter of Thomas R. and Mary M. Hurling, and
dear sister Of Henry J.. Bert and Philip Hurl-
ing, a native of San Francisco, aged 13 years
8 months and 1« days.
HEIBER— In Byron. September 1, 1899, Adam,
beloved husband of Roslna Heiser. and father
of Lena, Emma, George and Otto Heiser, a j
native of Hcssen-Darmstadt, Germany, aged .
M years 2 months and IS days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Byron, Contra Costa County. Inter-
ment private.
IMGARTEN— this city, September 1, 1899,
Katherine. dearly beloved wife of William j
Imgarten, and sister of Henry Wmbioff. Mrs. |
H Wreden, Mrs Monaco and the late, Mrs. j
Mink, a native of Bremervoerde. Germany,
aged 57 years 11 months and 20 days.
McCABE— September 1, 1899, Joseph P. Mc-
Cabe, a native- of Illinois, aged 60 years 2
months and 10 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
'this day (Saturday), at 3 o'd cM at the
residence. Ell Twenty-second street. Inter-
ment at Brentwood, Contra Costa County.
McCOLL— In this city, September I, 1599. Alex-
ander D., beloved •husband of Emily E. Me-
Coll, and father of Maud A. an.l Douglas R.
IfeOoU, « native of Canada, aged 57 years.
McMAHON— In this city, September 1. . 1899.
Annie M., beloved wife of William J. . Mc-
Mahon. a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
years and 6 months. ■ • ■
" r;;r Notice of funeral hereafter.
NEUMANN— this city, August 31. 1899,
* Henry , dearly beloved husband of Louisa
Neumann, beloved father of May Neumann,
son of Adam Neumann, brother of Mr*. T.
F. A Obermeyer and Phillip and Adam Neu-
mann 'Jr and son-in-law of Mrs Jacob DII-
HLNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
1 Telephone South 80. 1
THE SAN FRANdSCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899.
jas, a native of New York, aged 37 years and
5 months. (New York papers please copy.)
The- funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
8 and 10 City Hall square.. Funeral private.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
POHL— In this city. September 1. 1599. George
<;., beloved husband of Annie Pohl. a native
of Prussia, Germany, aged 55 years and 3
days.
RYAN— In Milpitas, August 31. 1599, James, be-
loved husband of Hannah Ryan, and father
of lira. J. Flanagan, Mrs. A. Austin and M.
J. and J. H. Ryan, a native of County Kil-
dare. Ireland. aged 71 years.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 49 Xatoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. August 31. 1599. Eloise
Tv, beloved wife of F. Tallant Smith, and
daughter of Mary T. and the late Judge E.
G. Hitchcock of Hllo. H. 1., a native of
Hilo, H 1., aged 26 years 7 months and 23
days.
TAGGART— In this city. September 1. 1899.
Alexander, beloved husband of Bridget Tag-
gart, and father of Robert, John, James and
Hannah Taggart and Mrs. Stanovich. a na-
tive of County Antrim, Ireland, aged 60
years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:90 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 4% . Frederick street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where services will be held
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
12 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WAHLSTAD— in Oakland. August '.'9, 1899.
Esther Florence, beloved daughter of Peter
P. arid Bertha E. Wahlstad, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 2 years and 8 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
residence of the- parents, Alcatraz avenue,
near Raymond street. Interment Mountain
View Vemetery.
WARD— this city. August 31. 1899. Mary
Jane, beloved wife of Thomas Ward, a na-
tive of Montreal. Canada, aged 41 years 6
months and 16 days.
C "'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W." Martin & Co., lIS Geary street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend -
streets.
WATS In this city. August 30, 1599, George
Allen Watson, husband of Florence P. Wat-
son, and son of B. J. Watson, a native of
Wisconsin, aged 39 years.
(n7"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlor? of
A W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street. 'in-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
WEBB— In Alameda. August 30, 1599, Theresa
Horton Webb, youngest daughter of A. C.
and Theresa Webb, a native of Alameda.
C7Frk>nda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from Christ's Epis-
copal Church, Grand Ftreet. Interment pri-
vate. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles Knoechel to Sophie Knoechel. lot on
S line of California street, 156A\ (one hundred
and fifty-six feet three Inches) W of Buchanan,
W -' by B 137:6; gift
and Susie Judge to William McCormlck,
S line of Liberty street, 125 W of Church,
\\ by S 114; $■">.
Ni ra M. Pratt to N. K. Masten, lot on N line
of Washington strret, SoQ:Bfa E of First ave
nue, n i29_ c M:«, SW 137, \v 80:S; jl.
N. K. M LSI ■: t N ira -M. i'ratt, lot on N
line of Washington street. 162 E of First aye
■ 127^4. E *0:S. S U9, W. 48:*tt; »l.
Bobert R w Iward (by attorney 1 to Fred
and Ji'hn Gustavson, li t on E line : Stevenson
etreet. 34", N of Fourteenth, N 25 by E 65; $1".
Rate and William H. Norton to Gustave H.
• ■ n W corner of Eighth ani Rir.g
gold streets. NW 23 by SW 7! I
John and Ida I/orden to Jacob Heyman, lot
on W line of Douglass street, 3d:fi S of Alvara
do. S X by W 100, lot 80. Heyman Tract. $10.
letta J. Kreitng to A. J. Boots, lot on
SW c irner of San Jose road and Regent street.
S ~*> by W 100, subdivision 39 and 20, Pforr's
A I UUon; j
Mary E. O'Day to Man- G. Hogp.n, lot on P
corner of Fourteenth avenue south and N I
Ftreet south. SE 2". by SW 100 lot 1. block 230,
ON. & H. Tract, to correct 1704 1. 14; $10.
Alameda County.
,T,.hn N Barney to <""har!es L. Barney, re
record 637 d. 146, lot on W line of Filbert street,
234.4 N Of Twenty-fourth, W ICf, by N 33:4, i
Oakland; tv.
Peter and Sarah M. Thompson to B. Berro- i
vich. lot on W line of Webster street. 480 S
of Walnftt, S 50 by W 100, t.lo^k SBO, Oakland; I
$10.
George S. Panforlh to Susie D. Darforth,
lot on E line of Brush street, S3 I N of Seven
teenth. N 2S by E 100, block ZBQ, Oakland; ?5.
M. and Eliza E. Kinehart to Benjamin F. '
Lewis, lot on NW line of Sixth avenu . 7
BW of East Nineteenth street. BW 37:6 by NW
14". block .', Clinton, East Oakland; HO.
E. H. H. Johnson, Francis J. Woodward I
ra E. and Minnie E. Hal!. Charles M. i
Borensoa, F. A. McFaul. Alexander and Mary
1". ]' Johnson (by W. F. Kroll. commissioner) '
to Joseph Wohlfrom. beginning at a point 175
SE from Thirteenth avenue ar.l 2.'. XX fr..m
East Eleventh street, NE I"1, sk 40, SW 4;.
SW or. a curve to the right with a radius of
56.2 feet. 69.2 to beginning, block 39, Clinton.
East Oakland; t1.606.
.1 sepb and Juana H. Nevis to William J.
Martin, beginning at the SE corner of lot 3<"i, :
Nevis Tract, thence NE 180, SE ."9. SW in,
NW 59, ti beginning of Town of Pteasanton,
Murray Township; »]O.
■ to Manuel S. and Makueiima Plmasi.
:. N line of county road No 2"W) distant, i
feet E >i Auguster stro.-t. v. 50 fe t-t. NE
135.60, thence at an acute angle SW 52. thence :
Rt an obtuse an^'le SW 133.20 feet, to beginning,
be|ng a portion of plat N, Nevia Tract, Murray :
Township: JlO.
Charles Caniden to Henrietta E. Silvester
lot on NW corner of Bay street and^Buena
Vista avenue. N I"'>. W 165:9*., S 2.", ff" 15:9 ft,
S 12.1. E ISO to beginning, being portion Chip
man f: 111 887-Acre Tract, being known also i
tl 6 to H. hi..ok H, on map of 144 lots in ]
Page Tract. Alameda; gift.
Emma E. atoreal to N. c. Lassen, lot on S
line of pacific avenue, 4" E of Stanton str^t i
E 61:1 by S 1K67, being lots 11 and 12 and por- !
tion of lots 8 and 10, block E, Powers Tract 1
quitclaim deed, Alameda; $"..
N. C. I.assen to Hans H. and Marie V i
Hi Imes, lot on S line of Pacific avenue 40 E
of Stanton street. F. So:9*by B 124:8. being por
tion of lots S, 10 and 11, block E, same Ala
meda : $10.
J. D. Garfleld to Florence E. Garfleld un
divided 's interest in lot on N line of Merrimac
street. 74". E of Tl legraph avenue as widened
• I feeet N Ufl by W 88, Oakland; gift."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
X N Plate, S Jose IS J Dunlop Cal
W H Leacock & w, S S Ifall, s'acto
Toronto J L Thompson Wash
A P Fisher, Manila C X 1 iarriyon. Cal
I Bird, Men • I M I, Gallagher, Ist Inf
Mrs .1 H Karrah & 2 H Colgate N V
eh. Angels J F Fisher. Manila
Mrs T Moran. Angels A S Fisher, Manila
J A Migllavacca, Napa 1" Martin. Hutchin^on
Mrs X L I>oug!as. Sac F M Slagle, Alton
w w Douglas. Bacto M Mayer, Portland
E T Hawley r S V (< H Crawford Stanfd
H c Ciark, Chgo C J Henri is. w & dau !
F ilaas, Nevada City Suiter Creek
S Kummelsbiirg. Cal J Beaton chgo
F H c.reen. S Rafael Mrs T E Taggart &
J H Morgan, Cal eh, Baker.sfleld
W H Ltirnsden, Cal E T Crane, Clusa
T Cunningham, Cal B C Fox '('heater
J B Robinson. SactojL X Houk. c a|
J L Conant Jr, IdaholC W Clarke, Stanford
M s Levy. Cal F F Davis A- w i. \
L Howard, Cal Miss Davis, L Ang ' !
H I- So. tt & w, Cal Miss H Davis £ \ng I
B Macdonald, P Alto Miss L Davis L Anci
J McCartney, Cal B B Pierce L Anir 1
M H Thomas, Btanfd J B iverson, Salinas
W Henshaw, Oaklanrl J P Lauritzon Cal
C L Blakemore, Alask G B Neely N V
T S Scott. Cal W S Allen, L Ang
J Foley, Pocatello W T Johnson, w & boy
E Punton, Pocatello 1 Napa
M L Gallagher. Idaho A N Crow & fam Pal
C A Rook. Pocatello Mrs S E Brouder' <"al
P ,1 Conley A w, 1. a r p Hogin & w 'cai
M H Tally. Stockton D Goodwin & w Pal
Miss J E Nlles. Chgo Mrs J Grey Sacto
C Magill, Knox J M Williams P?v-
W X Fraser, Denver I mouth
A L Begbie, Cal J Heaney, L Ang
.1 Smith. Cal !J Taylor. Cal
F H Greely, Cal I O G Woodward & w
Mrs G A Thor & fam, Ptaten Island
Cal S Emmet. Sacto
W J Wiley, Cal 0 G Jones, Denver
G H McKee, S Jose C X B Holmes & w
W G !t.ia«e, ('al Boston
W (alder. Cal j F R Holmes & w, Bost
J A Holmes. Boston |
PALACE HOTEL.
N S Boone. Danville IW A Iti.-key ft w Md
Mrs N S i'.o .me, Danvle W A Dickey Jr Md*
Miss n DavldSOß, <"al Miss L H Dickey Md
H C Bannister. Cal 8 Dickey. Md
C Day Stanford W Glbs.,n, Baltimore
J Aldsched, NY ;T L Llllls. I.k.b Ang
C H Vilas. Mo M L Jones. NY
Miss .1 Newman, Cal iMrs S R lioot, Denver
H Lloyd, Riverside Herbert Root Denver
Mrs H Lloyd.Riverside Miss Mabel Root Colo
II W Bryan, D H N B Hyman, N V
8 Mora. New York A W Pearson S Jose
Mrs S M -ra. New York E W F.. Kg, Stanford
J Peterson. Newark O A McCoy, Denver
W J Pattee, CSV H V pet tick. N V
Lieut W G McLean, , Miss Thompson N V
r S V Mrs R Robertson NY
Mrs Guggenheim. N V A Robertson, N V
Miss Guggenheim, N Y:A H Herbert, Mexico
J Denry. CSV IA C Halllday L Ang
W C Jones, Berkeley ill A Walters Wash
Mrs W C Jones. lieikly J R Jackson N V
It T Hale, Stanford Mrs J It Jackson, N V
C R Joy. Yokohama i A B Bowers N V
W Gibson, Valparaiso C P Breslan! San Jose
J P Charming, N V Miss C Laws, Oakland
D I Davis. Wash F J Fox. Stanford '
P Ritchie, St Paul |J Daggett. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J McKadden &w, Or IG Steunenberg, Idaho
D Cannnvino, Ohio E Smith, Idaho
T M Murphy, N D J Dennis, Fresno
T B Lindsay, Antloch W Martin. Modesto
J N Games. San Jose A Baer, Stockton
F Swart, Ind H 1. Pasch, I.os Ang
C W Seyde. Vallejo :P Thorsen. Merced
P A Klniel, Manila Miss Brown. I'ki&b
D Reichel, Vallejo G Johnson &w. Sacto i
F Riiilett, Idaho G S Long, Petaluma
G B McDowell, Idaho I
NEWS OF THE REALTY WORLD
THERE has been a decided improve
ment in the tone of the real estate
market during the past week, and
brokers are correspondingly happy.
The revival in activity which they
have for the past four months been pre
dicting would follow the usual lethargy
of the summer months appears to be close
at hand, and they now look forward to a
brisk business for the remainder of the
present year. According to some of the
best informed among the real estate men.
conditions for a healthy movement in city
property have not been so favorable in
years as they are at present. A number
of good sales have been made during the
past week, the consideration in one case
amounting to $140,000, and others equally
large are in a fair way to be consummat
ed. It was rumored on the stueet yester
day that negotiations for the purchase cf
a big block of land located near that re
cently acquired by the Santa Fe— the al
leged consideration given being $400,000—
had reached a stage that rendered the
closing of the deal a practical certainty;
but the rumor could not . be verified and
is probably based on negotiations which
are known to be In progress for a large
piece of property in the district south of
Market street, the price, however, being
much less than that stated.
G. H. Umbsen's Real Estate Record for
August says that although business in
the real estate market was not lively In
August and the festivities attendant
upon the reception of the California vol
unteers interfered somewhat with trans
actions, there are signs of the prospective
fall trade. Inquiry for good investment
property has again set in, but purchasers
are indisposed to pay fancy prices. Taken
all in all, August was a fair month, and
the situation promises moderate activity
during the autumn.
The largest transaction reported was
the sale by A. J. Rich & Co.. acting for
J. L. Haskell, of the property situated
on the north line of Market street, .167
feet west of the intersection of Market
and Turk, with a frontage of 25 feet on
each of the streets named, to Mrs. Mary
F. Barron. The price paid was $140,000.
A peculiar thing in connection with this
transaction is the statement of a broker
that he offered the same property to Mrs.
Barren a month or two ago for $135,000, and
the offer was refused.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. sold the
three-story brick building at 436 and 438
California street, now occupied by the
Pennsylvania Fire Insurance Company, to
Edward Pollitz & Co., the security brok
ers. The lot has a frontage of 25 feot
and a depth of 68:9. and the price paid
was $50,000. The purchasers intend alter
ing the building to meet their business
needs, but this work will be deferred until
the expiration of the lease held by the in
surance company, which runs until June
1, 1900.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold for
$26,000 the property on the northwest cor
ner of Howard and Steuart streets, 45x
127:6, for E. A. Howard to D. Henderson.
The same firm has sold a ranch . of 1102
acres in Tulare County, together with the
crops of alfalfa and grain, to the Cali
fornia Fruit and Packing Company, ihe
seller IB John Ht-nawuy. and the price
was $32 an acre. Also twenty acres of
olive- orchard near Sonoma, owned by
James Julius to William Bertrand, for
$5500; twenty-seven acres of general or
chard in Santa Clara County, owned by
A. R. Artis, to Joseph Wilson, for $7500,
and forty acres in Contra Costa County,
owned by Richard Williams, to A. P.
Alexander, for $6000.
A. M. Speck & Co. have sold the lot
and improvements corner of Scott and
Haight streets for Otto Fauss to W. Wat
son for $23,000. The improvements consist
of a three-story building containing three
stores and six flats.
The property on the west line of Stock
ton street, So feet south of O'Farrell
street, consisting of a lot 27:6x82:6 feet,
covered with a three-story frame build-
Ing, renting for about $250 per month, has
been sold for $45,000. The sellers were W.
A. and Mary E. Tracey and Archibald L.
McHenry, the two first named and the
last named owning undivided one-half In
terests, and the purchaser was Margaret,
wife of William McCormick. Flinn, San
derson & Co. negotiated the sale on the
part of the sellers and Madison & Burke
represented the buyer.
Claua Spreckels has purchased from the
Hibernia Bank, through G. H. Umbsen &
Co., the property on the north line of
Sacramento street, 90 feet east of Mont
gomery street; lot 26x60 feet, for $11,050.
Charles H. Erkin has bought, through
Hooker & Lent, a lot 50x100 feet on the
east line of Tenth street, between How
ard and Folsom streets, for $7250, and in
tends to improve the property.
The estate of Elijah E. Smith, deceased,
has sold to Leon E. Sloss the property
on the east line of Church street, ISS feet
north of Fifteenth street; lot 25x125 feet.
The price paid was $4000. .
The loans of the savings banks, build
ing associations and private capitalists of
this city upon local real estate for the
week ending August 26 amounted to $246,
--575 against $165,255 for the previous week.
The savings bank loans were as follows:
Hibernia, $51,650; German, $124,050; San
Francisco Savings Union. $2500; Hum
boldt $2800; Security. ?40oO; Mutual, $18.
--050. and Columbus. $3900. The building
associations loaned a total of $9.00, and
private capitalists and other loaned $29.
--875 The German Savings made one loan
of '$107 000 on Mason and Ellis-street prop
erty part in the nature of a renewal, at
64* per cent. All the loans made by tho
Hibernia and Mutual were at 6 per cent,
and one by the former bank was for $20,
--000 There were no releases on the 2ath,
an Unusual omission. Releases on the
"Ist Included $237,500 by the Hibernia to F.
E. Hesthal on sundry pieces of property.
Total releases for the week were $373,660,
against $316,500 for the previous week.
The total loans upon local realty in Au
gust, 1*99 were 293, amounting to $1,225,882,
and " the total repayments were 227,
amounting to $1,401,983. The total loans
for the first eight months of this year
have been $5,600,677 and the total repay
ments have been $9,039,428.
The following deeds were recorded dur
ing August, 1599:
District— **°- Amount.
Western Addition 58 1258.3H
Mission Addition M «.u.o
Horner-s Addition ... M 36.918
Fifty-vara 15 303.100
One hundred-vara 21 134. 891
Fotrero Nucvo 7 8.&0
Richmond " 16,600
South Park ••• 17 8,460
Lakevlew and Sunnystde 2 800
South San Kranclsco 10 3,900
Miscellaneous 40 31.30Q
" Totals 223 ?875.448
For the week ending August 31 a total
of twelve contracts, calling for the erec
tion of new buildings and improvements
to property, were filed for record. The
aggregate value of these contracts was
$105,831. The largest was that of Rudolph
Sprockets with Charles M. Depew. Gulick
& Witherbee, George H. Tay & Co. and
Kuss & Storz for the erection of a resi
dence on the northwest corner of Pa
cific avenue and Gough street, for $37,700.
The next largest were those of Henry
Kahn and Thomas Magee Jr. with J. W.
Muller, James E. Britt and W. W. An
derson for a two-story and • basement
brick building on the southeast corner of
Ellis and Glasgow streets, for $19,147. D.
L Bliss signed n contract with W. H.
Bagge to build a residence on the north
east corner of Baker street and Broad
way to cost $18,125. Charles E. and George
F LMiffey contracted with John D.
Snreckels to furnish the plumbing for the
latter's new residence on the northeast
corner of Pacific avenue and Laguna
streets for $7085. Mary E. Harriss signed
a. contract with James F. Ford and F. W.
Kern to build a three-story structure on
the north line of Geary street. 137:6 feet
west of Larkin street, for $7060 The other
contracts of the week ranged in value
from $1450 to $4240. t
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will hold a reg
ular auction sale of city real estate on
Tuesday, September 12/ The catalogue is
now being prepared and will be out in a
A M. Speck has returned from a busi
ness trip to Monterey County, where he
bonded several good tracts of. land in the
>il belt. . t .
The construction of the new roadway of
the San Francisco and San Mateo rail
way is going on rapidly and It will be
completed in about two months. The
ioubie track has been laid to Ocean View
and the ditch for one track • has been
opened beyond Dalys Hill in San Mateo
The work of laying the rails for the new
electric street railway on Montgomery
street is progressing rapidly. .
The appraisement of the blocks forming
:he site of the park panhandle extension
; from Baker street to Van Ness avenue
; has progressed so far that Secretary
: George McCalvey of the commission ex
pects that the final report ro the Board of
Supervisors will be made September 15.
Estimated values are said to be such that
; the property owners will be satisfied.
The Hibernia Bank recently bought in
1 under foreclosure sale sixteen pieces of
city property owned by John T. Hill for
$280,500.
' - '
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page 12.
; plant No. 1, treated 156% tons tailings for the
week. Plant No. 2 treated 1&3 tons tailings.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a
1 dividend of 75c on the 12th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Sept. 1.
• Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— ' Equit G L Co. 34 4%
4s avar c0up.. 112% — Mutual El Co. 164 16%
Is quar reg.... — _ O G L, & H.. 48 —
« new quar... — 131*4 Pac Gas Imp — 69*;
f3s quar coup.. — 108 : Pao LCo 89 414
; Miscellaneous— SF G & E.... 6*4 69
| Cal-st Cab ss. — — San Fran 3% 3%
i C C Wat 55... - 110% Stockton Gas., la -
| Ed L & V 6s. .I*o - i Insurance—
, F&CI Ry 65. 114 — Firem's Fund. 22s —
I Ueary-st H ss. — 95 ! Bank Stocks—
HC & S 5%5..107% - Anglo-Pal .... 65 —
L A Ry 55.... 106 106H Bank of Ca1..250 283%
L A L, Co 65.. in — Cal SD ft T.. — »t>
Do gntd 65.. 99 — ; First Xat10n1.234 —
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Lon P & A....129H —
Market-st 65... 126% — Mer Exchange — 18
Do Ist M 55. 1144 — Nev Nat 8k.. .1824190
NCNO Hy 7s.HO — Savings Banks—
|NR of Cal 68.114 — Ger S & L..1650 —
i N Rof Cal 55.115 — [Hum fi & T,.10.w U6O
INP CR X 6s. 105% — Mut Say Bk. 37% —
NPC R R 55.106 107 S F Say U... 50U —
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — a y & L So. — 82%
.0G L& H 65. 11 l - Sec Say Bk. — 300
! Oak Trangt 65. 11 l 112% Union T C 0.1400. 1400 1440
| Om C Ry 65.. — 130 Street Rallron/t«—
P& Cl Ry 6s. 107 107% California ....120 —
Pk *<) Ky tie. i is — Oeary A" —
Powell-st R65.118 — Market-st 62% 624
! t-ac El O&Rss — — Oak SL& H. — on
I S F&Nr 5s — 115 Presidio 12 —
| S F & S JV55.115% — •' Powder—
•BRy of Cal 65.105% — California ....150 165
; S-P of A 65>....112%113H P Dynamite... « -
5P C (1905) 112 112% Giant Con Co. 74 74%
6 P C 66<1'."6). — 1144 Vlgorit 2% 3
1S P C 65(1912). — 124% S.Diar-
SPrls eg ss. 1024 - Hana P C 0.... 15% 15H
BPBr 6s 1244126 Haw C&S C. 96% 97-,
i S V Wat 68...114 Vi — Hutch S PCo 31% 32
S V Wat t0. .. 104»* — ' Kilauea S C. — Jo
I SV W 4s(3dm)lol — Makawell SC. 50% —
! Stktn Gas 65.. — — i Onomea S C. 39% 39^,
Water Stocks— Paahau S C... 38% 39%
; Contra Costa.. 7h% 78 ' Miscellaneous—
I Marln County. SO - iAI Pac Assn..ll7SillS
i Spring VaHey.lo2 102 Mer Xx *M>n.. - !«••
| Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 89% 80
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... l* -•
Cent aCo — - Pac C Bor C 0.140 142%
Cent L & P... — 7 I Par Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board—
6 Alaska Packers' Aopn 118 00
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 117 SO
10 Bank of California 252 30
120 Contra Costa Water 75 25
25 Contra Costa Water 75 12%
90 Giant Powder Con 74 25
10 Giant Powder Con, 8 3 74 25
5 Hutchlnson B P Co 31 «74
220 Makawell : 50 75
25 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
60 Oceanic S S Co 89 62%
60 Onomea Sugar Co 39 5")
15 Paauhau 3 P Co 38 87%
$1000 Park «c Cliff House 6s 107 00
15 S F Gaslight 3 50
25 S V Water 102 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 117 75
40 Anglo-Cal Bank 65 00
45 Contra Costa Water 75 60
15 Giant Powder Con 74 25
5 Giant Powder Con 74 12%
45 Giant Powder Con 71 00
$1000 Loo Angeles Ry 6* 106 20
40 Makawell 50 75
2" Market Street Railway 62 50
10 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
50 Oceanic S S Co 89 50
30 Paauhau S P Co 3S 7.>
40 S V Water 102 12%
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water « 75 50
50 Equitable Gas 3 75
10 Giant Powder..; 74 25
10 Giant Powder .: 74 374
30 Hutcbinson Sugar 31 $7«i
60 S F Gas & Electric 69 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Assn US 12%
40 Contra Costa Water 75 25
40 Giant Powder "4 12%
60 Giant Powder 74 25'
50 Hutchlnson Sugar 31 7;,
30 Hawaiian Commercial % 00
100 .Makawell Sugar Co 50 75
60 Mutual Eiec Co 16 374
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher .. 34 700 Mexican 61
200 Best & Belcher 64 500 Potoßl .... 33
500 ('hollar 37 300 Union Con. ' 23
800 Con- Cal & Va..l 90 100 Union Con... '" «4
300 Gould & Curry. 32 i 200 Utah .' os
60 Gould & Curry. 32 100 Yellow Jacket! 30
Afternoon Session,
600 Andes 17. 400 Occidental .... 19
300 Best & Belcher 64 200 Ophlr ."l 15
150 Caledonia 70 300 Potosl 38
300 Chollar 3* 100 Potosl 37
200 Gould & Curry. 33 100 Savage 19
100 Gould & Curry. 34 20.) Union C0n..... 23
100 Hale & N0r.... 34 100 Yellow Jacket. 30
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 64; 300 Ophlr 1 15
60 Challenge Con. 35 500 Overman ]■>
100 Chollar 361 200 Potosl 33
200 Chollar 37 i 400 Savage .... IS
400 Con Cal & Val 87% 400 Sierra Nevada. 74
100 Gould & Curry. S3 fiOO Union Con ->4
900 Gould & Curry. 32 200 Union Con 23
100 Mexican 62
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 62 MO Justice 15
106 Caledonia 68 600 ophlr 1174
300 Chollar 3? 100 Ophlr- 120
100 Chollar 39 500 Potosl 31
100 Con Cal & Val 87% 100 Potoei 3«
100 Hale & Nor 32 100 Savage 19
200 Hale & N0r.... 33 100 Sierra Nevada. 75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, September I— 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. < Bid.Ask.
Alpha 06 07 1 Justice 15 16
Aka 06 07 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 16 IS Lady Wash.... 01 02
Belcher V. 34 33 Mexican 61 52
Best & Belcher 63 64 Occidental 18 £0
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 116 120
Caledonia 69 — Overman 13 15
Chollar 38 39 Potosi 36 38
Challenge Con. 35 3S Savage 19 20
Confidence SO 88' Scorpion ... 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 85 190 Seg Belcher.... 06 07
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 75 76
Crown Point... 22 24 Silver Hill 02 03
Con NY — 02 Syndicate — 07
Eureka C0n.... — 50 Standard 2652 7$
Exchequer — 03 St Louis — 10
Gould & Curry- 33 34 Union Con 22 24
Hale & N0r.... 34 35 Utah 07 03
Julia' .08 041 Yellow .Jacket. 30 31
Fatnily Retail Market.
There 1r no particular change in Cheese and
Eggs this week. Butter prices show some al
teration.
Meats and Poultry are about as previously
quoted.
Fruits and Vegetables continue in their usual
good supply, and at about the same old
prices.
The following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ (310 00 ; Castle Gate... s9 00®
Wellington .. (fflO 00. Souihfleld
New Welling- I Wellington ®9 60
ton ©lOOOjCoos 8ay.... @ 7 00
Seattle 8 00@ 1
Dairy Produce, etc —
Butter. fancy, per i Common Eggs 25@—
square 50(560 Rancn Eggs, per
do, per roll 454550 dozen 30^35
do, good 45^— Honey Comb, per .
Cheese. Cal — @15 pound 12@15
Cheese, Eastern.. 17*T20 Do, extracted...— @lo
Cheese, Swiss 20®25| ." : --
Meats. per — .
Bacon 12®17 Pork, fresh 15«i20
Beef, choice 15620 Pork, salt 12W15
Do, good 10015 Pork Chops ldtfins
Corned Beef.. .—©lo Round Steak lOgll
Ham, Cal —(315 Sirloin Steak 15®—
Do, Eastern... W^tsi— Porterhouse, d0..20|n!5
Lard 12#15 Smoked 8eef......12i315
Mutton ■ 10@15 i Pork Sausages.. 12V4@20
Lamb 12@15iVeal 13@20
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50^60 Turkeys, per lb..lSf2J
Yuiing Roosters, PucKs, each iO©>«is
each 40®«0 Geese. each...Jl 25®1 50
Old Roosters, Pigeons, pair 40050
each 40®«0 Rabbits, pair ....M|4o
Fryers, each *>trso Hare, each 15*920
Broilers, each ...351-g-W ■ Doves, per d0z....|100
Fruit* and Nuts—
Almonds, lb ...... 15020 Limes, per d0r.. .10012
Apples , .. 4© 6 P*ars. per 1b 4ff 5
Bananas, dos ....20@25 Peaches, per lb:.. tn 5 ,
Blackberries, per Plums, per 1b... 2 5
drawer 25@30 , Raisins, . 1b.. ...... 56 M
I Cantaloupes, ea.. 5@15 Raspberries, per -
'Nutmeg Melons.. s«U> drawer ....;20@30
Figs, per ID SQ 6 1 Strawberries, per
Grapes, per 1b.... 4?* 6 drawer ... aesn
Huckleberries, lb. _«@ioj Walnuts, 1b.'..'."!"12|15 '
Lemons, doz 15fe2<j, Watermelons, _ea. 10225
Vegetables—
Artichokes,, doz. . .2*850 ; Lentils, 1b..... 638
Beets, d0z...... 12&15 Lettuce, doz 155?-
Beans, white, lb.. 4£ 5 Onions, lb.. .. r^ 3
Colored, lb 4$ 5 Peppers, green, lb 5® 6
Lima. lb *3— Potatoes, lb . y*t ',
Cabbage, each ... s@lo Sweet Potatoes... 3@ 4
Cauliflowers, each 5(S1O Parsnips, doz ivh —
Celery. buncil s#— Radishes, dx bchslU«i"
Cucumbers, per Sa.se, doz bchs...:.-><s3o
dozen ...........log- i String Beans, lb. li
Cress, do* bnclls. 2 "fir, Summer Squash'
Plant, per lb SQ 8 per lb.. . 40 :
Green Corn, per Thyme, 1b... HJfflSO
dozen IMMD Turnips doz.. 10015
Green Okra. Pr lb 41J> 6 Tomatoes, lb ift 5
Green Peas, 1b... 3@ 5 •
Fish, per lb— I
Barracuda .'...ls<f?— Shad 12®—
Carp li'vjjis 1 Sea Bass 15©—
Codfish .- 12ei5|Smelts — <aio
Flounders — <fl2, Soles 12<Slj ;
Halibut 15«— 'Skates, each ....l&tft—
Kingfish — Tomcod ' 121115
Mackerel 151T—; Clams, gal 50©"—
do Horse 12'g-- Do, hardshell. in0.40§50 I
Perch , , 10@lSiCrabs. each 10*315 :
Pompano — <U— Do softshell, doz. .V.
Rockflsh '•''?■" jMusels, qt 10013
Salmon, smoked.. 2o@— j Oysters. Cal, 100. .40050
Salmon, fresh —1 2 1 Do, Eastern. d0z.23<340
Shrimps S@lo' -
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Ceast »nd Geodetic Sorvey—
Timei and Heights of Hlsh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th.c high and low waters occur at
the city front {Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide U the same at both places.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 2.
Sun rises 5:41
Sun sets 6:37
Moon rises 3:19 a. m.
0 iTime! ITime] Time Time] "
£ I Ft I ; Ft ' : Ft. i_— 1 Ft
y L W H W L W H W]
2 ... 3:45) 0.3] 10:36) 5.0 3:49 2.2 9:51 5.3
3 ... 4:161 0.3 11:05! 5.2 4:26 2.0 10:35! 5.2
4 ... 4:461 0.51 11:30! 6.»< 5:01 • i.«l 11:14| 5.1
5 ... 5:16! 0.7] 11:55( 5.3 5:38] 1.2 11:54 5.0
6 ... 5:46( 1.01 12:18 5.3! 6:16 1.01 !
IH WJ l W| IH WI L W
7 ...I 0:351 4.9 6:16' 1.3 12:411 5.41 6:56! 0.7
8 ...I 1:20' 4.71 6:49) 1.81 1:07' 5.51 7:391 0.5
I 9 ...I 2:111 4.51 7:24! 2.01 1:401 5.5! 8:301 0.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
i the early morning tides are given in the left
i hand column and '.he successive tides of the
; day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
j the day. the third time column th» third tlrtu
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th*
United Statsg Coast Survey charts, except
when i minus sign (— ) precede* the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lo*rer low water*
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogrraphie Office, U. 3. • N., Mer- |
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
September 1. 1899.- " '■
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day— I
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8 1
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. Q. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. In charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
. Steamer. "l From. I Due.
Empire '...(Coos Bay ISep. 2
'Aloha (Point Arena Pep. 2
Nippon Maru. ..(China and Japan...- (Sep. 2 :
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Sep. 2.
Homer [St. Michael (Sep. »|
Weeott .Humboldt (Sep. 2
A. Bianchard...)Coos Bay (Sep. 2 ]
State of Cat... (Portland Sep. 2
Victoria (Seattle 'Pep. 3-
Orizaba P»attle ' P«p. 3'
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 3
Pomona Humboldt Bay (Sep. 4
Bertha St. Michael Sep. 4 ,
Grace Dollar... (Grays Harbor Sep- 4 I
Czarina Puget Sound Sep. 4
Walla Walla.... Victoria .fe Puget Sound Sep. 4
North Fork Humboldt (Sep. 4
Crescent City... Crescent City Sep. 4
Areata I Coos Bay Sep. 5
Corona San Diego Sep. 5
Aberdeen Humboldt Sep. 5
Mackinaw 'Tacoma (Sep. 6
Columbia ..' I Portland Sep. 7
San Juan [Panama ISep. 7
Santa Cruz Newport Sep. 7
Willamette INanaimo Sep. 7
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 8
Santa Rosa (San Diego 'Pep. 9
City of Rio J.. (China and Japan '.. .(Sep. 9
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Pound Sep. 9
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. ' Pier.
_ I ] 1
Samoa' |Humboldt |Sep. 2, lOamlpier 3
Samoa IHumboldt Sep. 2, lOam'Pier 3
Doric 'China* Japan 2, 1 pm;PMSS
Weeott (Humboldt 'Sep. 3, 2 Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego i8ep. 3. 11 am Pier 11
Queen 'Vic & Pgt Sd. 'Sep. 3. 10 amTler 9
A Blanch'd.[Coos Bay [Sep. 4, 10 am;Pier 13
Pt Arena.. .{Point Arena. .[Sep. 4. 2 Pier 2
Coos Bay... I Newport (Sep. 5,. 9am;Plerll
State Cal... (Portland 'Sep. 5, 10 am Pier 24
Aloha Cape Nome. ..ISep. 6, 4 pmiPler 2
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 6, 2 pm'Pier 9
Newburg.. Grays HarborlSep. 6 ]
Alameda ..'Sydney Sep 6. 10 pm1 Pier 7
Areata [Coos Bay Sep. 7. 10 am Pier 13
Corona 'San Diego..... Sep. 7. 11 am'Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt Sep. 7. 9 am Tier 2
Curacao ...Mexico (Sep. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Acapulco ..Panama Sep. 8.12 m'PMSS
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. Sep. 8. 10 am Pier ' 9
Santa Cruz. 'Newport Sep. 9, 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..(Portland Sep. 10. 10 am I Pier 24
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Frkla >', September 1.
Stmr Tlllamook, Anflndsen, 5S hours from
Newport <S).
Stmr Acapulcr>, Cattarinich, 23 days from
Panama and way r*">rts.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 11 hours from
Mendocinn.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours from
San D!ep'\ etc.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, honra from Coos
Bay.
Jan stmr Nippon Maru, Allen, 26 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days, via Honolulu
5 days 21 hours 44 mim:teF.
Schr LUzle Prlen, Hensen, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 4? hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Newark, Beck, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman, 5*4 days from
A! sea R'.ver.
Sohr Antelope, Anderson, 6H days from Ne
halem River.
CLEARED.
Friday. September 1.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, Manila, via Hono
lulu; V S Governmpnt.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Portland, Lundquist, St Michael, via
I'nalaska; Alaska Commercial Co.
Fr bark Touraine, Turbe, Queenstown; Ep
pinger * Co.
Uktn W H Pimomd, Nilsson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Brig Galilee, Dlnsmore. Tahiti; M Turner.
SAILED.
Friday. September 1.
Stmr Progreso, GUboy. Seattle.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Hinßle, Port Harford.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick, Andersen, Astoria.
Stmr Portland. Llndqulst, St Michael, via
Unalsaka. _,
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, Grays Har
°Stmr Ruth, Strand. Coos Bay.
Stmr Rival. Strand. Coos Bay.
Stmr Luella. Miller, Tillamook, with schr
Sacramento in tow.
Tug Hercules, Jencon. San Pedro.
Br *hlp Compton. Kldd, Antwerp.
Schr Seven Sisters. Rasmussen. Coos Bay.
Schr Neptune, Eatvold, Grays Harbor.
Sehr Herman, Thunnel, Kodiak.
Schr Cnnflanza. Christiansen. Coqullle River.
S'-hr Mayflower. Olsen. Coqullle River.
Schr Sacramento, Gniggel, Tlllamook, in tow
of stmr Luella.
Schr J Epplnger. Colstrup, Iversens Landing.
MISCELLANEOUS.
KAHI'LTI, Aug 19— Bktn Gleaner on voyage
from nitrate ports carried away fore topgallant
maFt pnd maintop mast on voyage.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 1. 10 p m— Weather
clear, wind NW. velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BE ATTLE— Arrived Sept 1-Stmr Humboldt,
from Dyea; stmr Laurada, from St Michael
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept I— Bark
Prussia, hence Aug 11.
Sailed Sent I— Chil bark Lake Leman, for
Valparaiso.
VENTURA— SaiIed Aug 31-Stmr George Loo
mi;:, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Aug 31- Schr Fred
J Wood, for Ccwvichan; schr San Buenaven- ,
tura, for San Francisco. Sept I— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Sept 1— U S stmr Adams,
for San Francisco: Br stmr Monmouthshire,
for Hongkong.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Sept I— V S stmr
Marblehead. from Acapulco, for San Francisco.
HUEXEME— Arrived Sept I— Schr C T Hi.:.
from Grays Harbor.
GREEN^VOOD— SaiIed Sept I— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept I— Schr Norma,
hence Aug 31. in tow of tug Sea Queen.
Sailed Sept I— Stmr Noyo. for San Francisco:
schr Sophia Sutherland, for Panama; tug Se»
Queen, for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived Sept I— Stmr Newsboy, hence
AUS 30. ' . . . m
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 1-Schr Alice, for San
Diego.: schr Fortuna, for San Francisco.
•Arrived Sept X— Stmr Aberdeen, hence Aug 31.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 31— sclir Dora Bluhm.
hence Aug 6. Sept I— Schr John I) Tallant,
from Port Townf^-nd.
Sailed Sept-i— Stmr Tacoma. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Victoria, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS. '
• COLON— Arrived Aug 30— Erftmr Athos, from
New' York.
Sailed Auk 30— Stmr. Finance, for New York.
SYDNEY— Arrived Aug 29— Br ship Cardigan
Castle, hence April Ci
WATBRFORD— Arrived Aue 31— Br bark
Anamba, from Portland, Or.
NAGASAKI— PaIIed Aug 21— Nor stmr Aker.
for Port Townsend.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aur 30— Br etmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA Aug 30— Br ship St
Mungo, for Port Townpend.
PANAMA— Arrived Aug Stmr Colon, henc«
July 2S.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Aug 31— Ger bark Ecua
dor, for Hull. .
QUEENSTOWX— SaiIed Aug 31— Br bark
Anamba, for • Waterford. -
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Aug I— Br bark City of
Adelaide, for . ' ■ .
, KAILUA— nil Aug -Schr Bertie Minor,
for Eureka.- ■ ■
KAHULUI-Snlled Aug 1«- Brig Lurline. for
San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 19— Bktn Gleanor, from Cal»t&
Buena. •
HONOIPI'— To . sail Auir 23-Srhr Charles. R
Wilson, for Puset Bound.
HILO— Sailed Auk 16— Haw bark Roderick
Dhu. for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 19 — Hktn Archer, hf-nro July 36.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug If Ship Lucile,
from Nanaimo. Aug 20— Pchr Mary E Run,
from Eureka. Auk 22— Stmr Senator, hence
Aug 15. Auk 2,1— r.ktn s N Castle, hence Aug
'8: bark S C Allen, hence Aug 10: .lap stmr
Hongkong Mam. hence Aug 15. Aug 25— Schr
Inca, from Taeoma; yacht La Paloma, hence
An? 3; bktn Planter, hence Aug 10: Jap stmr
Nippon Maru. from Yokohama. Aug Bark
Mohican, hence Aug 11.
Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Kllhti Thomson, for
Seattle; hktn Morning Star, for Micronaesia; .
Haw -ship Star of Italy, for Puget Sound, Aug
19— Bktn Irmgard, for San Francisco. Aug 20—
Ger bark 3 C Glade, for San Francisco. Aug
22 -Jap stmr Toyo Mam. for Yokohama. Aug
23— Haw bark Mauna Ala. for Pan Francisco;
bktn Sknsrit, for Port. Townsend. Aug 24—
Stmr Senator, for Manila; Jap stmr Hongkong
Maru, for Hongkong. •
Cleared Aug V> -Bark Harvester, for Na
nalmo.
To sat! Aug -23— Schr Alice Cooke. for Port
Blakeley.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 1-Stmr Lucanla, ■
from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept I— Stmr Patricia,
from New York: stmr Fuprst Bismarck, from
New York, via Cherbourg and Southampton. /
HONGKONG— SaiIed Bert I— Stmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver.
BOSTON— Arrived Sept I— Stmr Canada, from
Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Sept 1-Stmr Hegpeoia.
from Mediterranean ports; stmr Campania,
from Liverpool: etmr Lahn, from Bremen.
CHERBOURG-Sailed Sept 1-Stmr Colum
bia, from Hamburg and Southampton, for New
York. ■ ■■• ■
OCEAN TRAVEL. ■
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
jfefc. Steamers leave Broadway
fftlr^ wharf. San Francisco.
tiiewhkv For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
BKSnk September 3. 8. 13, 18. 23, 28.
' E& KS<j\jfPa October 3. change at Seattle.
HK&aR «i For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
IBjU^^^Hll ("'.), Port Towns^nd. Seattle.
r^^Ksßgfl Tacoma. Everett. Anaeortes
and New What com (Wash.).
10 a. m. September 3. 8. 13. 18,
23 28, October 3, and every fifth day thereafter;
chance at Seattle to this company s steamers
for Alaska and O. N. By.; (it Tacoma to IS.
P. Rv : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 1, 6. 11. 16. O. 26, October 1, and every
fifth day thereafter. ' cl ,
For Santa Cruz. Monterey San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlnta. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., September 1. .'. 9, 13. 17. 21.
25. 29, October 3. and every fourth day there-
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ob!spo>. Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redonrto (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. September 3. 7. 11, 15. 19. 23. 27. October 1.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Par. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Chans:*)
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
aro 1 hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agtu.,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 8. R. &N. CO.
iS DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO " j
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
F«DC SI2 First Class Including Bert*
IHIiL $8 Second Class and Meal*
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5. 18, 25; Oct. 5. 15. 23
COLUMBIA sails.. Sept. 10. 20. 30: Oct. 10. 20. 30
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORE, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAWS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. 6 St. Paul Sept. 27
New York Sept. 13 New York Oct. 4
St. Louis Sept. 20' St. Louis Oct. 11
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 11 noon.
Southwark Sept. 6! Nordland Sept. 27
Westernland ..Sept. 13: Frlesland Oct. 4
Kensington Sept. 20 Southwark ...:.. Oct. 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO IISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
AMERICA MART Friday. October «
HONGKONG MART' Wednesday, Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. cor. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
FOR CAPE NOME,
ANVIL CITY.
STEAMER ALOHA TAKES PASSENGERS
and freight, leaving Tuesday. September 5.
1599. For full particulars apply X S. KIMBALL
CO.. 22 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
■!■»■— at B. S. Alameda sails
IdI8aP7ll&* via Honolulu and
•It* s *"** Auckland for Sydney .
M .1 Wednesday. Septem-
(^/^ I * A ber 6. at 10 p. m.
>!HFn^lHnJ The s - 8 - Australia
CHMilDlllU^ Ea iis for Honolulu
(nfl\Pi?.T)U~. Wednesday, Septem-
VVIIIIUvHMr ber 20. at J p. m.
Favorite Line Hound the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues,
England, • etc. ; $810 first class.
i. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Mats.. 114 Montooneri
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COKP.AQNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIC.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. 'T^tt
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. 4^lttl\.r>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of -»'ls.» jj-
Morton st LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 9; LA
GASCOGNE, Sept. 16: LA BRETAGNE, Sept.
23- LATOURAINE. Sept. 30; LA NORMAN-
DIE Oct. 7. First-class to Havre. $63 and up-
ward 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
LJNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, a Mont-
gomery aye., San Franc
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJd ~
Steamer "Monticello."
HON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at »:45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE ...Mo
1516
SIXTY CENTS ONE MILL
TO BE THE STATE RATE
The Equalizers Decide That No
County Shall Be Raised.
Attempt to Increase Assessment of Alameda
andOtherCountiesFails— Dalton'sGloomy
Picture, Pardee's Joker, Daniels' Bomb.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. I.— The State Board of Equali- >
?ation held an executive session this evening and concluded ♦
its labors. o
It was decided that the State rate shall be 60 cents and 1 £
mill; the total assessment of the State is $1,194,000,000. The +
board must fix the levy before next Tuesday, and as Mon- ♦
day is a legal holiday its work is now closed. 4
Alameda County will not be raised, nor will any other +
counties. An attempt was made by Lou Brown and Reamer ,v
to raise Alameda 15 per cent, Santa Cruz, Santa Clara and +
Mendocino 10 per cent each. The other members wanted to +
raise some counties in Beamcr's district, but he objected to >
having a single raise in his district. +
After much discussion Lou Brown, Alexander Brown °
and Toland stood together and passed a m-otion that all the o
counties should stand as they are. o
The State rate last year was 48 cents and 8 mills; the o
total valuation $1,131,059,703. o
SACRAMENTO, Sept. I.— The picture .
of Oakland painted before the State
I of Equalization to-day by Ala
meda County's Assessor was not at j
all roseate. It was not the kind of pic
ture that the Mfrchants' Exchange and
the Board of Trade would like the world
to see. Mr. Dalton could not are a single
lift In the clouds that hung over Alame- i
da's capital. Everything is depreciating,
business is falling off and Oakland is not
■ as valuable as she was a few years
ago.
1 r five hours Dalton was plied with
tions by the State Equalizers, and for I
live hours Mr. Toland regretted that they
could learn nothing. Mr. Colgan fre- .
quently reminded the Assessor from Oak
land that the State board had not singled j
out Alameda County to light with, but
ted some facts.
si ir Dalton was on the aggressive!
from the start, and when he lagged Dr. j
G. C. I'ardee put in a few words to pre- i
i break. Many things which had i
hitherto appeared dark were cleared up !
. the afternoon and evening. The ;
: ■••. of Dr. Pardee created some sur
but later the doctor said he knew
that the assessments on his property bad
been supplied to the board, and so he'
came to do his own talking. For some
months Mr. Beamer, Lou Brown and oth- ,
ers have been Hitting in and out of the j
rd< r's office in Oakland. Several men i
who do not believe that the sun rises and
:i Alameda's Assessor were observed
i rly assisting in the search for
data. This evening it was all made clear.
Not a newspaper report nor a mortgage
nor an appraisement nor an assessment in
the whole county waa missing from the
few memoranda that Beamer and Lou
Brown had on hand. In many instances
the stale Equalizers knew more about the
tank deals and losses and family arrange-
ments merely hinted at in deeds than did '
the Assessor or his deputies.
Mr. Toland seemed to be. under the Im
pression that Mr. Dalton waa seeking an
argument, but he was not. Jt is only a ■
way they have in Alameda County, and ■
Mr. Toland has DOt graduated from the j
Athens of the Pacific.
One little piece of dialogue was relig
iously gone through at intervals never <x
ceedlng fifteen minutes. It consisted of I
Mr. Toland asking for a reason for cer- j
tain reductions, to which Mr. Dalton in- j
variably replied, "I believed that to be a
Just and fair assessment or 1 would not
have sworn to my rolls."
"Then we may as well presume," said
Toland, "that this is your answer to every
question we shall ask you. You need not !
have ;:ome here If you cannot enlighten
us. You could have sent us that answer
on a postal card."
Then Dr, Pardee, who was sitting on a
BOfa with Supervisor Rneth, would whis
per: "This Is the dolgonest farce I ever
Keep at it. Henry."
But the doctor had not been sworn and
was in no danger of perjury.
Henry "kept at it," and when the State
equalizers seemed to be snoring a good
point he could always fall back on his con.
Bdence and his oath, and then the little
dialogue would be repeated.
The assessment roll of Oakland city has
been decreased from 18:*7, and Mr. Dalton
was a«ked to explain. "The city is not jo
valuable as it. was last year," said Mr.
Dalton. "It has not the business. Realty
has depreciated, there have been no im
provements of any size and I believe my
assessment-"' are just and fair."
"But has the city gone so entirely to the
bad? Is property depreciated every
where?" asked Lou Brown.
"I believe it has. I have assessed it for
every dollar that it is worth— its cash
value," said Dalton.
"Have all the bay cities been going
lack?" asked Lou Brown.
"They have," was the Judgment of the
man on trial.
Dalton said the work had been done
more thoroughly this year than last; his
deputies had been more careful. He re
minded the board that In 1897 they had
reduced his assessment 10 per cent, and
that since then he had been guided by
their judgment.
"Did you raise it when we raised it?"
asked Colgan.
"No. I did not," said Dalton.
"Well, I only wanted to know how long
you stayed with us," ea^d the Controller, i
"I per you have the Peventh-Ftreet local
on the roils." Bald Chairman Brown.
"Thai's v habit you have got Into," said
Beamer.
"No, sir: a duty," replied Dalton.
Chairman Brown mentioned Los An- j
poles. Mr. Dalton was "factlfled" on Log
Angeles. He rattled off ,1 lot of figures to j
show th.it Alameda's assessment com
pared very favorably with that of the j
southern county. Dalton showed that ]
from July 1 of last year, when the revenue |
law went Into effect, to March 1 of this'
year there were 1491 transfers recorded.
indicating a value of $3,491,000. The total
asß< -sment of these pieces was $2,708, 500,
or 77 ; - per cent of their actual selling
price. Mr. Dalton was driving home his
argument in the peculiar way they have
in Oakland when Mr. Toland paid: "Pro
ceed with your figures, Mr. Dalton. You
cannot get into a row with any one here
over this affair."
"I am not seeking 1 any row," said Dal
ton; and neither was he. Dr. Pardee
| again commented on the proceeding to
Mr. Roeth.
Lou Brown sprung a bunch of deeds in
r*-j>]y to some quoted by Mr. Dalt'>n.
Brown's deeds all showed that the assess
ments were not more than about one-
I half the selling price. Dalton referred to
1 "picking" out certain deeds merely for
I a purpose. This brought all the Equallz
j ers to attention, and they promptly de
nied such implications.
"I wish to say that Mr. Brown and I
took these figures from your county rec-
I ords, and there was no picking," said
! Beamer.
"Then let us have pome of the de»ds
j that come the other way," Bald Dalton.
I But none were on the Equalizers' list.
"We don't want you to tell us of Los
Angeles County." paid Toland. "We have
I all that fin record. We sent for you to :
I tell why AJameda County should not be
raised. Please just answer our ques
tion?."
"There is no desire here to quarrel,"
said Colgan, "No one is inclined to do any
badgering. I want to say for the whol<*
board that we have no programme to
make a light on any particular county. !
We want enlightenment."
The. "Doc" repeated his remark about (
the peculiar kind of farce. At Intervals i
the Alameda Supervisors and Mr. Dal- |
ton's deputies interjected a few remarks.
but they were not much sought after and !
' merely gave the Assessor from Oakland
time to regain his breath.
After a few- sharp remarks from Beamer. l
Toland and Lou Brown, the "enlighten-!
ing" process was essayed by Mr. Dalton. j
No sooner was it started than the hoard i
showed that it had (-♦a'-ks upon stacks of :
enlghtenment. Ti was present in clippings !
I from newspapers, in illustrated histories ;
i of Alameda County, in long strings of
; data from public offices, find the only I
j thing lacking was some of the Alameda
i Assessor's political speeches.
The board closely questioned thA As
; sessor on the losses made on certain
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1899,
pieces of property by banks. Mr. Dalton
let it be known that he does not think
very highly of some of the losses made by
the I'nloii Savings Bank. He thinks more
favorably of the Central Bank people and
in the case of some losses made personally
by the late J. "West Martin. Dr. Pardee
was inclined to think they would repre
sent about the real value of the property.
The Equalizers sprung one record of a
deed and mortgage too many. It referred
to a transfer of the Patterson ranch,
which had been mortgaged for $45,267 and
was ;Ls.sessed at $1!5,0W. Dalton was pre
pare d for this, and he played a trump
card. He filed an affidavit with the board
from Attorney T. C. Hurley, swearing
that the ranch was originally mortgaged
fur SiMi.oOO, and that the balance was for
accrued interest, and that the recent sale
was for $12.i.KX>. for which sum the entire
mortgage of $-i">.::h7 was wiped out.
The Contra Costa Water Company's as
sessment was taken up. Beamer referred
to a sworn statement made to the City
Council that the plant was worth $6,000,-
OiK.i. The total assessment is over $2,000,
--080, and Dalton said that the plant
could be duplicated for the assessment to
day. Toland asked if the Oakland Coun
cil lixod rates on the company's figures,
and Dalton informed him that it depended
entirely on how much of the City Council
the corporation owned. These references
to a corporation being able to dictate to
a City Council seemed something new and
strange to Lou Brown, and lie sought
more light. Dr. Pardee and Mr. Dalton
gave it to him.
"Here are Dr. Fardee's assessments,"
said Beamer.
••That's the joker that brought me
hero." said the doctor.
The deeds referred to two pieces of
property on San Pablo and Telegraph av
enues. The doctor had executed a deed
of trust to Isaac L. Requa for $52,000 to
the properties. They were assessed for
$50,000.
'•What would you sell them for, doc
tor?" asked Beamer.
"1 would not take less than $100,000 for
them " said Pardee, "but that does not
say they nro worth that."
"Are they worth as much now as they
were two years ago?"
"They are." •
"That is the first time we have been able
to discover a piece of property that has
not depreciated in Oakland."
"I think that is about right," said
Dalton.
"But you may have made a mistake,"
said Toland.
"No. I have not."
"But you surely do not thtnk you are
infallible?" retorted Toland.
1 >r. Pardee' a homestead was next tnken
up. This is the property at Tenth and
Castro streets, where the doctor's father
lived a long and useful life. This is as
sessed fur $15,000 and Dr. Pardee said that
although the place is priceless to him and
he could set no cash value on it. he be
lieved $20,000 would be a fair appraisement
as the house was built in JWS. The board
seemed to be quite satisfied with Mr.
Dalton's figures on the doctor's property.
Lou Brown read several reductions that
had been made on the very best business
property in the heart of Oakland, where
trade is rapidly increasing. Not a single
increase was found and Dalton again re
ferred to "picked" assessments.
"I take positive exception to your man
ner, sir; let us have no badgering," said
Toland.
Then Dr. Pardee whispered to Toland:
"You fellows get hold of a few trifles
and raise hades."
The Centennial Hotel assessment
brought out some more history. It Is as
sessed for $38,750. Records show that it
was mortgage,! for $m>,ooo, then for tM),000
and finally sold to a syndicate for $120,W8.
Mr. I>alton said he had no idea that a
syndicate paid any such sum. He then
recited the case of the Albany Hotel
transfer three years ago, where the deeds
showed a consideration of $1f>5.000 and on
which $70,000 was borrowed. A row among
the heirs later produced the sworn testi
mony in court that the property had ac
tually changed hands for $70,000. Dalton
said "he believed the Centennial deal was
just such another case.
Finally Mr. Beamer produced a set of
bids that he had received from Washing
ton. It consisted of thirty-three bids on
pieces of Oakland realty offered for a
Postoffice site. All of these bids are about
twice the assessed values. Toland said
that as these bidders were anxious to sell
it was fair to presume that they repre
sented the least cash price they would
accept.
Dalton said tfiat puch figures were no
criterion ns everybody considered it
necessary to try to rob the Government.
He said that mortgage and appraisements
as nt preseni manipulated were very lit
tle guide to actual values. After a con
cluding disagreement over this statement
the long session concluded and Alameda
County waa taken "under advisement."
DANIELS' BOMB.
Enquirer Fropri«tor Says He
Was Offered a Big Bribe.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 1.— "I wish to
say right here that I was offered $3000
to assist in selling a site to the Govern
ment for a postoffico in Oakland."
This was the positive and unsolicited
statement made before the State Board
rif Equalization to-day at Sacramento by
G. B. Daniels, proprietor of the Oakland
Enquirer.
The board was comparing the prices
asked by bidders from the United States
Government for postofflce sites. The dis
sension was upon the relation of such
ligures to the true value of such sites,
and several opinions were offered. The
prevailing sentiment seemed to be that
there were other expenses to be consid
ered. It was then that Daniels made his
sensational declaration. When seen later
Daniels said he had nothing to add to
his statement.
"I was asked by an Oakland dealer to
use mv influence in securing the purchas
ing or his site, and he would give me
j:;'">0 when the deal was closed," he said.
"I may say that I do not believe the man's
bid is among those that were sent to
Washington.'
Agent Roberts of the Treasury Depart
ment was instructed to inspect all the
sites offered, and his report is now in
Washington. Nearly every prominent
realty manipulator in Oakland has an in
terest in one or more sites offered, and"
the high figures placed on some of the
properties have caused much comment.
There have been rumors of certain deals
being made and of the possibility of
money being used, but nothing definite
has hitherto been brought to light.
Daniels declined to tell who offered him
the money.
Bore Watching.
Benjamin Clancy, who left the serv
ice of Lebenbaum & Co. to enlist as one
of the first of the California Volun
teers In Company L, has returned with
his rogiment and finds his old position
open to him should he wish to again
identify himself with that well-known
house. As a testimonial of the regard
in which he is held by both his former
employers and fellow employes, he was
presented with a magnificent gold
watch and chain in the presence of the
firm of Lebenbaum & Co. and seventy
five of their employes. Mr. Doyle, one
of the old and trusted members of the
staff, made the presentation speech,
and numerous bottles of "sec" -were
opened In honor of the occasion.
FAMOUS SINGLE-TAXER
EXTOLS HENRY GEORGE
0 JOHN SHERWIN CROSBY SPEAKS BEFORE THE PRESS CLUB. 0
■ q £=r=3HE single-taxers had an inning last night at the Press Club. It was q
i V the occasion of a reception to John Sherwin Crosby, the friend of _^
O Henry George and now the foremost worker in the single-tax cause, q
; ■4- [i Quite a few people gathered in the jinks room of the club to hear the
'■ © speaker and all were entertained by his natural and homely eloquence. q
: -4- Nothing was said in exposition of single-tax theories. Mr. Crosby's in-
O formal address was confined to reminiscences of Henry George, a laudation q
-4- of newspaper men ana a glowing tribute to me man whose work he has +
' © taken up. Wells Drury was chairman of the evening and introduced Mr. q
+ Crosby to his audience. -♦•
V "it is an inspiration to be in the company of those who enjoyed the ©
rt privilege of associating with Henry George in his early days," said Mr. ±
> Crosby. "Tane. it all in all I think he was the greatest man of the cen- *»
■ O tury if not of all centuries. He was a man who wrote and said what he £
I ♦ believed. The philosophy of Henry George is just a part and parcel of the -^
1 © universe. Many have tried to refute his theories and the principles for JjJ
! rt whici he labored so arduously the last fifteen years of his life. Their refu- q
I V tations have been arguments in support of his theories. * -4
! © "What progress tais great worker made in the cause of humanity is Q
' It demonstrated by the spontaneous approbation of the human heart in the &
i 2 tribute paid him at his funeral. No one who ever saw the cortege<spas3 J)J
I X through the streets of New York will ever forget it. People lined the streets q
and packed the sidewalks. As the funeral procession passed a sob or two +
q was heard along the line of march. All grief was held in restraint ' until q
X the cemetery was reached, when with a common outbreaking of emotion .4.
rt the assembled mourners gave way to the grief that was in them. The peo- q
X rle realized that they had lost a great friend. +
q "I am not a pious man and I know there were many who felt the same q
+ as I did when I saw his body carried in state to its last resting place. ■+
rt I thought of the words of the Scripture: 'If I be lifted up I will draw all Q
> men unto me.* I'ou never hear a word of ridicule spoken of Henry George -♦•
O now." 2
■*■ Many of the local singlc-taxers followed Mr. Crosby in personal recollec- i
tions of Henry George. The meeting lasted until 11 o'clock, a general dis- _jj
Q cussion ending the reception. ©
•♦O+O4© 4 O ♦ O > CHOXHf
PEDAGOGUES MAY NOT
LOSE THEIR SALARIES
Plans of School Directors Did
Not Carry.
Teachers Must Be Paid Even if Schools Are
Closed, and a Motion to Cut Pay Fifteen
Per Cent Per Month Was Voted Down,
HT its meeting last night the Board
I\\ of Education neither . slashed
Jj- — *\ teachers' salaries nor ordered
n \\ the schools closed for three
-weeks in October. It considered
both propositions, but when matters came
to a vote the members divided against
themselves, and as a result department
finances remain in precisely the condition
they were in before the- meeting— several
thousand dollars shy and no hope of get
ting more unless the Supervisors. bolt the
dollar limit and raise the school appropri
ation the $100,000 prayed for. :
The usual star-chamber proceedings
were omitted from the programme; the
meeting was open; ! and - every member
went plainly on record on the one or the
other of the two plans proposed. The
was no heated discussion nor any parti
san feeling; it was simply a -businesslike
discussion, with the only question that of
the most effective method.
Director Holbrook, chairman of the
Finance Committee, broached money mat
ters in making his report of an Informal
meeting of his committee held on Thurs
day night last. He said that: in view of
the fact that no hope was held out by. the
Supervisors of a larger appropriation he
and his confreres had decided that the
best course to pursue would be to close
the schools for three weeks in October
and withhold the salaries of the teachers
for that period. Three weeks' 'money, he
said, would be sufficient to put the board
financially on its feet until December. In
pursuit of this idea he had requested an
opinion of City and County Attorney Lane
upon the legality of. such action, and
Mr. Lane had rendered an opinion that
though the schools might be closed the
salaries must be paid. In this opinion the
board's attorney, Samuel Knight, con
curred. Mr. Knight also said . that even
if the salaries were withheld the money
so realized could not be applied to any
debts of the board until the end of the
year, as under the law passed by the last
Legislature a special teachers' salary fund
was created, and any surplus occurring
under it could not be used until- the end
of the year, when it reverted to the gen
eral fund. -.--.
With this statement Mr. Holbrook left
the solution of the matter to the hoard.
Director Stow selected the least popular
side as his end of the question. He said
the only way he could see out of the dif
ficulty was to order a temporary cut in
salaries. Mr. Holbrook suggested that the
schools be closed and the teachers asked
-
to assign their salaries to the board's use.
President Bergerot did not think the plan
practicable, and „ Mr. Stowe formally
moved that the salaries of all teachers be
cut 15 per cent in the months of Septem
ber, October, November and December.
He was seconded by Holbrook, but the
motion was lost.' Armstrong, Cole, Conlon,
Brandenstein and Gedge voting no.
Gedge then offered a resolution to close
the schools in October and ask the teach
ers -to assign, but President Bergerot
ruled the motion out of order. Further
discussion ensued, and then (lodge moved
a reconsideration of the vote whereby
Stow's motion was defeated in order that :
any one who had changed his mind might
vote again. The. reconsideration carried,
hut when' the original motion was put it
was lost by the same vote, and the school
finances were again in the hands of the
Supervisors.
I Director Holbrook then moved that the
$22,000 in unpaid bills for July and August
be signed and passed and the Auditor al- !
lowed to "light it out" with the creditors
if there were not enough funds on hand
to liquidate.
1 A note from J. 8. -Crockett of the gas
company notified the board . that unless
the $7000 due for, gas was -paid at once all
school lights would be shut off. The fol- j
lowing resolutions. were adopted:
Resolved,' That Miss M. C.' Dowling be
dismissed from . Business F.venlnc School,
her sen-ices being no longer required.
Resolved. That "William Herrod be dis
missed from Business Evening School, his
services being no longer required.
Resolved, That F. H. Dam be assigned to
• Humboldt Evening School, vice Bran, re
signed.
Resolved. That two consolidations take
place; In Lincoln Evening School, one in :
ninth grade and the other In the ungraded
adult .classes.
Resolved. That one teacher be consoli
dated out of Spring Valley Evening School.
Resolved, That H. T. Bickell be ap
pointed a special teacher of bookkeeping
and commercial arithmetic In the Horace
Mann Evening School during the pleasure
of the board.
The report of the Salary Committee
which was made a resolution and adopt
ed, was as follows;
That the salary schedule of 1599-1900 be
amended to read: Teachers of the eighth
and ninth grades,: $83 per month; teachers
of the sixth and seventh grades, J7;» per
month as maximum salaries; also that a
yearly Increase of $3 be made to the monthly
pay of teachers of the first, fifth, sixth,
seventh, eighth and ninth grades until the
; maximum salary be attained.
Second, that the pay of evening substi
tute teachers be fixed at $15 per month, and
that an extra comt>ensatlon of $160 be
allowed for each evening that any of said
. substitutes shall be engaged In teaching.
A communication from Mrs. Emily
Whally Beanston, who was shorn of her
position in the department because she
Sale's.
2000 historical pictures free to=day
handsomely cojored lithograph of the departure of the City of
Peking, May 25, 1898, carrying the first American troops to
-. right on a foreign soil. 22x28 inches, suitable for framing.
new veilings
and trimmings
new veilings new trimmings
day for a week, and the cry is, ••Still!
they come." ' taffeta silk, embroidered with
black chantilly veilings, 18 inches White silk braid, in light blue, gray,
wide, with self-embroidered border r» ur P'& and white, $5.00 a yard,
and spots, 40c, 50c. <Jsc and 75c taffeta ilk appliqued in escurial
a blSck tuxedo and Russian mesh. 6ffeCt ' * 6 -°° a yard "
with chenille dots and chenille taffeta silk, appliqued on net, In
dotted border, 35c, 50c and 75c a black, white, and white on black,
yard. $5.00 a yard.
; black tuxedo and Russian mesh «>>,«+,, + „ * >■>■> . 
veiling, closely dotted with cheniU JS? "? *!5 ce * a . silk embroidered
lette dots, 25c, 35c, 40c and sOcVjm; <>O » '■', n and § ° ld thread >
a yard. . \,< c > ara -
black brussels net, with chenille . wni It,e1 t , e taffeta silk, embroidered
dots, 25c, 35c, sOc and 75c aln gold an appliqued with gold flg-
yard. ures> I" 5 - 00 a yard.
plain chiffon veilings, in all the . steel buckles, cut or riveted, a
leading shades, 40c and 50c a hundred shapes, 10c and 20c each,
yard. chiffon veilings.! jeweled belt and neck Hn<sn R ptc'
dotted chiffon veilings, oxidized and giiti «?£? a seL
swhi5 whit c d 'with black chenille dots, Jlf', *%££?* . in , 6atin finished
25c and sOc a yard. Sme diS?%lkS 'm stud l ed and
black tuxedo mesh, with black ggjf each ' ' O> 7oC and
chenille dots, 25c and sOc a yard. *
black tuxedo mesh, with black . urnln 5 and bright let belt
chenille dots, 25c to 65c a yard. i buckles, oOc to $2.25 each.
new blue veiling in plain and
dotted nets, 35c and 65c a yard. ■___ ji,. m/ ,, . „
new blue dotted chiffon veiling, lianuKePCnieTS
r> ?Lk y pa uern veils, with borders, p^first I"** V ex "
35c. 50c and 75c each. Two litUe items *' Here are
pattern veils, black net with white "*° " ltle items.
dots, and white nets with black dots, . <)0 dozen ladies' hemstitched cam-
-75c each. b "p handkerchiefs trimmed with
mourning veils, with crepe bor- Valenciennes lace, 10c each, $1.10
ders, 25c to 85c each. . a dozen.
wash veils in a varied assortment 50 dozen ladies' hemstitched ail-
to suit any taste, 25c to $1.00 linen handkerchiefs, excellent value
each. . . ilOc each, $1.10 a dozen.
advance Sail styles in trimmed hats shown
close Jx^s^eooß^Zo**^^ P arlor
to-day "~*^ for rest
at 935,937,939,941,943,945,947 and
six. Market Street comfort.
i married notified the board that she de
: nied its right to deprive her of her posi
tion and would regularly demand her
salary. Her letter was referred to the
courts" by President Bergerot.
The Adams Cosmopolitan Grammar i
School was declared a special school and '
i the salary of the principal fixed at $200 a <
month. Two vice principals at $125 a
month were also provided for. It was i
decided that the principal of the Lowell
High School would be allowed to desig
nate two pupils to assist In the placement
and care or chemical and physical ap- j
paratus, at a compensation of $5 a month ■
each, and that the principal of the Poly- |
technic High School would be allowed to
make similar appointments.
It was also decided that any pupil who,
I between the dates July 31 and August 2K.
]599, was admitted to a high school of the
department upon a diploma of graduation
from a grammar school of this tatate j
should be allowed, in the discretion of the ;
principal of the high school, to continue I
as a member of the junior class, and that |
! a teacher may be excused, with pay, for |
a term not to exceed three days, on ac- i
count of the death of a relative within
the first degree of consanguinity, or or
husband or wife. _ . ,
The name of the Sunnyvale School was
changed to John W. Taylor School and
Mrs M. L. O'Neal, principal of the La
guna Honda School, was authorized to I
hold mothers' meetings at the Laguna j
Honda School monthly. '
Mrs. C. M. Dolan was elected special
teacher of German in the Adams Cos
mopolitan Grammar School. The follow- ;
ing assignments of teachers, made by the j
Superintendent of Schools, were con
firmed- Miss A. M. Martin from the !
Lincoln Grammar School (class consoll- i
dated) to the Clement Grammar School, I
vice Miss F. A. Crowley. resigned. Miss |
Lvda Carroll of the High School unas-
Figned list to the Lafayette Primary ,
School, at her request, vice Miss Jose
phine Frank. Miss E. A. W ichman from {
the Douglass Primary School to the ,
Fairmount Primary School, new class.
Miss A Grimm from the James Lick
Grammar School to the Everett Gram
mar, vice Miss Josephine Evans. Miss
Josephine Evans from the Everett Gram
mar School to the James Lick Grammar
School, vice Miss A. Grimm.
Beautiful Halftones
Of last week's reception to the volun
teers in to-day's News-Letter. The
transport Sherman, the march up Mar
ket street, the California boys in camp
at the Presidio, the grand water
pageant and the magnificent night Il
lumination—all in to-day's News-Let
ter for 10 cents.
SUNDAY'S CALL will be a
marvel of beautiful illustrations
— its half-tone work being es-
pecially fine.
Keith's attend solely to their own busi
ness' ■'millinery" opening Friday and Sat
urday. Phelan 'building. SOS Market street.*
LABOR DAY CELEBRATION.
Next Monday will be Labor day. and
with it will be a fraternizing of the men
who work and toil during the year. On
this day all who can will with their fam
ilies assemble at Glen Park and there give
battle to dull care and enjoy themselves
in innocent amusement and such pastime
as the general committee of arrangement
lias prepared for them. x
From a glance at the list of prizes there
will be no stint of inducements for all
who wish to enter a contest. For the gate
prizes there are 104, all of which are well
1 6823 i
g! SOLD IN CALIFORNIA fi
m THIS SEASON. |
I xv I
I $40. I
| THOS a H. B. YARNEY, f
§1 Market and 10th Sts.. S.F. M
ISS Open Wed. and Sat. R3
n Evening s.
HaJe's.
worth the trouble that it will require to
win. In addition to these there is an
excellent programme prepared by the
committee in which there are literary
and theatrical features. Dancing in tha
big pavilion will be one of the attrac
tions of the day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I;NC0R»OBATEO t&gjf Sw VHw
Our Saturday's Specials!
We are the popular grocers. Nothing: Is of-
fered but ■what is first-class, at prices that
defy competition. Call on us and be con-
vinced.
BEST ffiJIS? BUTTER .45c
This Butter is worth 55c square.
PETALUMA RANCH EGG5.... 25c
Regular 30c dozen.
BEST FAMILY FL0UR....... 80c
Regular %c sack.
GOLD DUST, 3-lb, pkg......15c
■ Regular 20c. »
SWEET WINES, 4 bots — $1,00
Port, Sherry. Tokay, Angelica. Regrular 40c.
KONA HAWAIIAN COFFEE... 124 c
Equal to the 25c grade.
EASTERNS HAMS I3ic
Regular 15c.
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, ba r b .. 25c
Regular 30c.
Country orders filled at short notice and
shipped free of charge 100 miles. Send for Sep-
tember catalogue.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
Good Tea
SMELLS GOOD
TASTES GOOD
BY JOVE
'TIS GOOD.
Great American Importina; Tea Go.
Big Presents Free.
STORES EVERYWHERE
- 100 STORES.
000000000000000000
§T!? PALACE **?%
%GRAND" S %
X BAN F/tANCISCO. ~
° Connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo ni h Bath Attached. "
O All Under Ons Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICE* : O
O KtwopeanPlan.fl.OO per day and upward O
Z. American Plan- *3.00 per 60.7 and upward _
O Correspondence Solicited. O
O . JOHN 0. EIRKFATBICS. Hmtgar. O
000000000000000000
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/g£i^Es»a»Jk 816% GEARY ST.. bet.
Ig[>lir^' ijMKfi Hyde and JLarkln.
I§F ~*^^^Ssz^si * " " ess iixtractton..
[If- _,  jtTTli Crowns'" *.".".".*2.OU
Sli f ; rli T, VjiV Flesh-colored Plates..
v_l.. uj^j**-— *s.Ort
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Hat* received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No student*. It
years* *xp«rl«noa.
&CO.^?S,
& "PAT E NTS! a)
\ta^33o MARKET ST. S-F.^Sr
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 60 day
$5 to $8 week; $8 to *30 month. Free baths; hot **
and cold water every room; lire grates In «very
room; elevator run. ail night-