VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 90.
LIVES CRUSHED OUT
BY FALLING ARCHES
OF A NEW BUILDING
Coliseum Under Construction at Chicago
Collapses Under Its Own Weight-
Nine Workingmen Are Instantly Killed, and
of the Seriously Injured at Least Four
Have No Chance for Recovery,
THE DEAD.
CHARLES WALPOT.
EDWARD MURRAY.
FRANK LOGAN.
STEPHEN J. THOMPSON.
JOHN FARREY.
RICHARD SHERMAN.
THEODORE THORN.
LEROY FENNER, workmar
from Toledo. Ohio.
A. Is. NORMAN, workmar
from Toledo.
FATALLY INJURED.
JOHN MARSHMAN, frac
tured skull and fractured right
leg.
J. J. Down, internal Injuries
both eyes out, both legs broken
PETER PELETIER right
arm cut off at shoulder, skul!
fractured.
JOHN WHITE, skull frac
tured, internal injuries.
TKE MISSING.
EDWARD SWANSON.
JOSEPH KING.
CHICAGO, Aug. 28.— Twelve steel
arches, each weighing thirty-
three tons, which were * to have
supported the superstructure of
the Coliseum building, in course
of erection on Wabash avenue, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth streets, fell to
the ground late this afternoon. It is
known that nine lives were crushed
out. .The bodies of two of the men are
under the wreckage. Ten are in th"
hospital with injuries received in the
accident and of these four will surely
die. One may possibly recover and the
balance are for the greater part seri
ously injured.
Those injured not seriously are:
Cornelius Toomey, J. H. Warley, John
Hawthorne, John J. Johnson, David
Reardon, H. P. Zimmer, J. Flack, J.
Hanson and Andrew Morrison.
All of the twelve arches were standing,
the twelfth and last having been com-
pleted to-day. It was the intention of the
steel contractors, the Pittsburg Bridge
Company of Pittsburg, Pa., to turn over
its work to-night to the general contract-
ors. The iron' "traveler," or derrick,
which had been used in the erection of the
arches had been removed, and the agents
of the bridge company were accounting
their work as practically completed when
suddenly and without the slightest pre-
liminary warning the arch last put in
jilace suddenly fell over against the one
next to it. The weight was too much for
this and it gave way, crashing against the
third, and, one by one. the great steel
spans fell over to the south, precisely in
the- same manner as a number of cards
would fall. Nearly all the men who were
killed wen at work on top of the arches.
forty feet above the ground. Some of them
made futile attempts to slide down the
sides of the arches, but before they could
help themselves they were hurled to the
ground. Many of them uttered piercing
shrieks for aid as they fell. Most of them
were killed outright by the awful nature
of their injuries. The ski.is of the unfor
tunate men were crushed Into shapeless
masses, their limbs were cut off as if by a
monster knife and they were mangled be-
yond recognition. The Immense structure
began falling slowly, each arch being sus
tained by the crossbeams supporting the
rent of the structure. As the mass gained
impetus the bars of Iron, Inches thick.
snapped with a loud report, and the great
mass moved faster and faster in its de-
scent to the ground. With a crash that
wat heard blocks distant the structure
fell, leaving the walls practically unin
jured, and sending up great clouds of
dust and dirt.
An immense crowd gathered around the
place and despite the efforts of the police.
who were close at hand, they swarmed
over the mass of wreckage, making dcs-
perate but ill-directed efforts to drag out
the dead and to save the wounded. It
was only with t.ie greatest difficulty that '
the police were finally able t.i drive back
the crowd and give the firemen and un-
injured workmen a chance to rescue the
injured. ,
That more men were not killed and in-
jured was almost a miracle. Fully fifty
men were at work in the space covered by
the arches as they fell. A number of the
men fell Into small excavations, of which
there are many in the ground beneath the
steel works, and although some were bat
tered up by the fall these, were saved from
the great masses of steel that crashed
down over them. Several of them were i
VIEW OF THE WRECKED MONTEREY FLYEft. $
The engines and forward baggage car were piled together In an indiscriminate mass, completefJßrblocklng the
tracks, delaying traffic for several hours. ■" ''' 'Zlfifc.p XX
The San Francisco Call.
i standing under the arches when they com
! menced to fall, and, running to the side
walls, by great good fortune happened to
. stand in the space left vacant by the
curve of the arches away from the side
walls. Had the arches fallen to either
side the loss of life must have been much
; heavier, but they fell through to the south
on a parallel to the side of the building
j and none of them save the two southern
arches fell at all outside of the space to
be occupied by the building. The direct
cause of the accident is not known. One
theory which received some support is
that a shifting of the sand beneath th*
foundation caused the collapse of th"
first arch, which brought all the ethers
to the ground. A story which cannot be
substantiated is that a number of work-
men were using a pulley on the north arch
; while they were taking down some scaf-
folding that had been erected around it.
j They caused the arch to sway and finally
it swayed too far and fell out.
"I cannot say what caused the acci
i dent." said Superintendent Johnson. "I
could hardly believe my eyes when I saw
' the results of our weeks of work de-
stroyed in a minute."
The work of rebuilding will commence
! at once and it is expected that to-day's
accident will delay the opening of the
building not over one month. The financial
loss will not fall upon the Coliseum Com-
I pany, which is erecting the structure. Tne
only loser will be the Pittsburg Bridge
Company. The company's loss is esti
. mated at 125,000. The Coliseum will lose
indirectly financially through inability to
arrange for attractions .during the com
, ing winter season. The unfinished bund-
ing occupied the ground on the east side
of Wabash avenue, between Fourteenth
and Sixteenth streets, on which Libby
Prison formerly stood. The structure was
304 feet long by 172 feet wide and when
completed would have been 85 feet high.
i It was designed for the accommodation
of large conventions, expositions, circuses,
football games and other affairs of great
public attraction.
A singular fatality has attended all
buildings in Chicago called "coliseum."
The first to be erected stood on Sixty
, third street, and like the present Coliseum
it collapsed while being built in the fall of
1594. The side walls of the building had
been erected and eleven steel arches had
been put in place. It was desirable that
it should be speedily finished and th-
work was pushed night and day. It was
i the custom of the contractor to allow
his men time for lunch between 11:30 nnd
midnight. During this half hour, while
all the men were absent, all the arches
fell to the ground, injuring nobody, but
causing » pr<n»erty loss of about $30,000.
The bui.JuiS was rebuilt <*;,.. the last
Democratic National Convention was held
within Its walls. The second Coliseum
was totally destroyed by fire on the night
of December 24, 1897, and was never re
' built. The accident to-day brought the
1 third Coliseum down, which will te re-
built at once. '
NEW COPPER COMPANIES
ARE ORGANIZED
Standard Oil Company and the Roths-
childs Believed to Be Interested
in the Venture.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— The Journal and
Advertiser to-morrow will say:
Articles of incorporation of three new
i copper companies, capitalized at several
, millions, and behind which are said, to be
the Standard Oil Company and the Roths-
childs' interests, were yesterday filed in
the office of the Clerk of Hudson County,
N. J.
One ls the Augrand Conner Company,
1 with a capital stock of $1,000,000. The in
corporators are ■ Charles B. Burrage,
Charles N. King and Edward Story. The
same capitalists, with the addition of W.
11. Broughton and Nathan F. Leopold, are
the incorporators ofl the Oxide Copper
Company, with a capital of $5,000,000.
The third concern is the Island Copper
Company, which starts with $100,000 cap-
ital, which, however, is to be increased to
$10,000,000. The Island Company has the
same incorporators as the others, with
George H. Sisson added.
DRUNKEN QUARREL
ENDS IN MURDER
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 28.— Dead Mans
Canyon is about seven miles north df
Newhall and has a few inhabitants.
Among those were Jean Delbaty. his wife
j and daughter, and his friend, Gus Chaud
foze. a miner. The men yesterday pro
cured a demijohn of red wine. They par
took freely of the beverage and by night
fall were In a quarrelsome mood.
They continued their quarrel until be
tween 7 and 8 o'clock. Suddenly, it Is
said, Chaudfoze seized a shotgun and
fired at Delbaty. The load of buckshot
took effect in Delbaty's right groin and
lower bowels, tearing away the intestines,
death ensuing instantly. Immediately
' after the murder was committed Chaud
foze walked to the ranch of Louis Gauilie
I and informed him of the, murder. He
I made no. attempt to avoid arrest.
■*'.'.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1899.
BRAKEMAN
AVERTS RAIL
COLLISION
Monterey Flyer Ditched to
Prevent Heavy Loss
of Life.
ENGINEERS ESCAPE
t
Man Who Saved the Trains Struck
Man Who Saved the Trains Struck
by Plying Debris, but Not
Seriously Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 2S.— Quick action
on the part of Brakernan Beachler
of the narrow-guage train averted
a horrible railway accident at
Santa Clara to-day. As it is, two
monster engines are piled one upon the
other in a ditch beside the track and
the baggage-car is wrecked.
The northbound Monterey Flyer.
nearly an hour behind time, which
leaves here at 9:12 for San Francisco,
was derailed at the crossing of the
broad and narrow gauge tracks at
Santa Clara this morning to prevent it
from crashing into the narrow-gauge
j passenger train bound for this city.
j Rules are strict in regard to stops be
; ing made at a crossing. The Flyer was
] drawn by a double-header and was at
j tempting to make up time. The nar
; row-gauge passenger had just left the
Santa Clara depot. Brakernan Beach
: ler went ahead to turn a switch and had
entered the semaphore house and made
! the switch. The signal was given to
I the narrow-gauge to come ahead.
Beachler looked up the track and saw
! the Flyer coming. He signaled to
Engineer James Stanley of the narrow
: gauge to stop and the engineer re-
versed his train and started back.
There was only one thing to do to
I prevent a collision and Beachler acted
; quickly. He opened the switch and de-
railed the Monterey train. Both en-
gines left the track, followed by the
| combination express and mail car and
the forward truck of the baggage-car.
Engine 1377 was ahead, in charge of
Engineer Fred Simpson and Fireman
Consell, and engine 1372 which followed
! was manned by Engineer Fred Stewart
and Fireman Judd. As soon as the en-
gineers saw the signal to stop they re-
versed their engines, but it was too late
to stop the heavy train. They set the
air-brakes and jumped, escaping with
only a* few scratches and a general
shaking up. The passengers were
nearly thrown from their seats by the
sudden jar, but none were injured.
Engine 1377 went in the ditch and
[ rolled over on its back and the one be-
I hind climbed right up on top of it.
There they lay locked in a death-like
embrace.
Brakernan Beachler as he left the
signal house was struck by flying tim-
bers and injured about the head. He
was picked up unconscious and brought
to this city. His injuries are not seri
ous. His first inquiry was "Did
I have my flag?" showing that he had
thought to save life by throwing the
switch. Trains were delayed for sev
eral hours, but the wreckers now have
the track clear.
Four years ago a bad wreck occurred
between passeneer trains at the same
crossing. At that time many persons
were seriously injured. Engineers
Stewart and Stanley who were on to-
day's trains were in that wreck, the
latter being nearly killed. Another co-
incidence is the fact that the numbers
of both wrecked engines began with
unlucky 13.
Complete files of The Call contain- <
ing accounts of the welcome home to
'. our heroes can be obtained at Call
Business Office. Send a copy to your
j Eastern friends.
QUIET IN SAMOA.
All the Officials Are Working Har
moniously.
APIA, Samoan Islands, Aug. 23, via
Auckland, Aug. 28.— A1l is quiet in Samoa.
The officials are working harmoniously.
Business is prosperous and a large
amount of copra Is being made.
The only warships here are the German
protected cruiser Cormoran and the Brit
ish armed sloop Torch. The United States
cruiser Abarenda has arrived with the
material for the coaling station and jetty
at Pago-Pago.
FOUR LIVES
LOST IN THE
CONVENT FIRE
Heroism of Sisters of Mercy
Saves Many Orphans
From Death.
BRAVE ACTS OF BOYS
— ♦ —
Rush ; Into the Burning Sparkill
Dormitory to Rescue the
Sleeping Inmates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
+ THE DEAD. + 1
+ HELEN BROWN, aped 6. %
♦ EMMA MACKIN, aged 7. +
+ "JANE," a pensioner, aged 70. -f
"♦- MARY KATE MCCARTHY, ♦
+ aged 28. +
+ 4.
+ THE MISSING. +
THE MISSING. X
+ — -*-
*♦ THERESE MURPHY, aged 14. ♦
♦ MARY BROWN, aged 4. +
$ SERIOUSLY INJURED. X
X SERIOUSLY INJURED. X
+ *
♦ SISTER SIENNA, shock and ♦
•¥ collapse. +
♦ SISTER MARIE, burns and ♦
+ concussion. +
+ SISTER BERTRAND. concus- +
+ sion of spine and shock. +
+ SISTER KATHERINE. arm ♦
+ broken. +
4- HANNA SHEA, leg broken. ♦
♦ ♦
SPARKILL. N. V., Aug. 28.—
fire that broke out at 1 o'clock
this morning destroyed nine of
the ten buildings of the St. Agnes'
Convent and Orphanage, entailing
a loss of $150,000 and causing the death
of four persons. Besides the dead and
seriously injured, twenty-five inmates
were injured by falls, jumps and burns,
none seriously.
That more lives were not lost was
due to the heroism of the Sisters and
some of the older Inmates. When the
fire broke out the 400 inmates of the in-
stitution were asleep. Most of them
were got out in almost- perfect order,
but a score v^- c risked .hei- lives to
save others were finally forced to either
jump from the upper stories or make
desperate dashes through stairways
and corridors filled with flames and
smoke.
The fire was discovered in the lava-
tory and soon spread to the adjoining
buildings, attacking first a dormitory
in which 200 of the older boys slept.
Sister Reginald, who had trained the
lads in the fire drill, rushed down the
line of white beds and arousing the
sleepers, clapped her hands, the simple
fire signal followed in the orphanage.
The boys turned out with a rush and
gained the lawn in their night clothes.
By that time the second dormitory,
where the smaller boys slept, was
ablaze. The older lads made a dash for.
the building and were soon carrying
the smaller ones out. The buildings
were all finished with Georgia pine and
the wood burned furiously.
The convent and chapel made a great
stack of flame, and between them and
the second dormitory* the girls' dormi-
tory blazed and crackled as the fire
leaped up its wooden walls.
A dozen Sisters were cut off in the
upper stories of the convent building.
They were forced to the windows, and
while some climbed out to the sills,
others knelt at the casements in pray-
er. Engineer Otto placed a long ladder
on the outer wall and rescued half a
dozen. Six were forced to jump for
their lives and all but. Sister
Bertrand escaped without serious
Injury. The escape of Sister Agnes
seemed almost a miracle. She was cut
off on the fourth floor and elected to
jump from her window rather than
plunge into the furnace that had once
been a stairway. She climbed, out on
the sill and then, seizing the shutter.
swung out clear of the building. Then
she loosened her hold. She struck the
ground squarely upon her feet and
then fell over on her side. Before any
one could reach her she got up and
walked away unhurt.
The fire reached the girls' dormitory
last, but once it took hold of the build-
ing it burned fiercely. Most of the girls
were on the upper floors and it was
with the greatest difficulty that they
were got out. Shortly after the last
of the*' rescued left the second dormi-
tory there was a counting of heads and
the discovery was made that two baby
boys were missing. John Cody, a 15
- boy, made straight for the
door, paying no heed to the warnings
of danger. A moment later Cody came
dashing out of the building, under each
arm carrying one of the missing boys.
Firemen came from Piedmont and
Nyack, but the best they could do was
to save the hospital, a large two-story
building.
The Sisters and children were con-
veyed by teams to the Blauvelt Con
vent. As far as known but oue person
actually perished in the fire itself.
That was "Jane," an old pensioner,
aged 70 years, who was asleep in the
servants' quarter. Helen Brown and
Emma Mackin died from convulsions
that resulted from fright. Kate Mc-
Carthy was a servant in the convent
and had organic heart trouble. She
was badly frightened, collapsed in the
grounds and died later in the day.
It is believed Therese Murphy and
Mary Brown both escaped from the
fire, but that the former became de
mented and is leading .the other, girl
through the woods. . - • J .-•
There were 326 children in the or-
phanage, sixty of -whom were girls and
their ages ranged from 2 to 16 years.
TRANSVAAL AGAIN HURLS
DEFIANCE AT ENGLAND
Boer Government Notifies Chamberlain That It
Will Make No Further Concessions.
Burghers Are Exchanging Their Martinis for Mausers and Dili-
gently Continue Their Preparations for the Clash That
They Believe Is Certain to Come,
PIETERMARITZBURG, THE CAPITAL OF NATAL.
This city is the headquarters of the English army in the colony. It contains an arsenal, magazines and large bat
racks for all branches of the service. From a sketch made by J. Harrington several years ago.
CAPE TOWN, Aug. Replying to the. latest proposition of the British Secretary of State for the Colonies.
Mr. Chamberlain, the Government of the Transvaal has notified him that it adheres to its latest offer and will
not make any further concessions.
According to reports from Johannesburg, the burghers are everywhere exchanging Martinis for Mausers.
A heavy load of ammunition, Including 300 Mausers, arrived at Johannesburg on Friday from Utrecht, the
Netherlands.
The Cape House of Assembly is against discussing the question of transit of arms intended for Orange Free
State and presumably the Transvaal. Evidently a state of extreme tension exists as every speech made to-day
was received with almost absolute silence in the chamber.
William P. Schreiner, the Premier/personally appealed" to his followers to refrain from answering the criticism
of the opposition lest they should prove words, of ill feeling.
The entire opposition arose to support the motion for adjournment made by Right Hon. John Gordon Sprigg,
the former Premier. Sir John, who repeated the arguments he had. used in the previous debate, asked the Premier
what action the Cabinet proposed taking in the matter. He said that the recent speech of the British Secretary of
State for the Colonies. Sir Joseph Chamberlain, at Birmingham, England, had forced all to the conclusion that South
Africa was on; the brink of war unless the Transvaal met the -British demands. In his -opinion the Cape Govern
ment ought to', follow the example of Portugal at Delagoa Bay and refuse to permit the transit of arms as long as
the crisis lasted. - • •*.".- v\ .- - -.- ■
After Sir John Gordon Sprigg had finished a pause occurred, the -house waiting for the Premier's . reply.
Finally Mr. • Schreiner rose and declared, that under the customs convention the Orange Free State was justified
in importing arms through Cape Colony and he did not intend to tear up that. convention, knowing, as he did, that
there would be no war. ,*■ •.*■'' - •".'•. "_■ -,* • . ■
"In the event of war," he said, "I would not lack .the .true Imperial spirit."
Mr. Schreiner then read a letter from President .Steyn of the Orange Free- State, denying any intention on the
part of that Government to take up arms. in any aggressive or offensive manner against the ' British Government
or the Cape Colony. It was the final policy of the Orange. Free State, President Steyn continued, never to take up
arms except when attacked or in support of its-treaty-obligations. The letter created a profound impression as
clearly showing the purpose of the* importation of- firearms. Several members dwelt upon this phase, and Mr.
Schreiner promises in the case of future consignments to consult the Governor; of Cape Colony. Sir Alfred Milner,
which he admitted he had not previously done. He also asserted that the Cape Colony would maintain neutrality
in the event of war. . .- ■"'. ' •! ' *•
LONDON, Aug. 28.— The St. James Gazette to-day says' that' .it 'learns that an inspection iby General Joubert,
commander in chief of the Transvaal force, disclosed the fact that nine-tenths of the reserve Shells and cartridges
in the Pretoria forts are inefficient and that an immediate order to renew the supply was placed in Europe.
The Cape Town correspondent of the Daily Chronicle says: British troops will be immediately concentrated
at Laings Neck and Mafaking, and it is believed that the British programme will be to surround the Transvaal and
then to negotiate a. new. convention. ... ..'.,:
Although not definitely known, it is assumed here in London that Mr. Chamberlain 'had the reply of the
Transvaal Government ,before he delivered the Birmingham speech. It is also believed that on the receipt of Presi
dent Kruger's offer of a five years* franchise and other concessions, Mr. Chamberlain wired that they were unac
ceptable • and suggested modification. If this be so, and if the reply to that suggestion— that the Transvaal Govern
ment adheres to its latest offer and will make no further concessions— be President Kruger's final answer the posi
tion is ominous. ...
The importance of President Steyn's letter to Mr. Schreiner lies in the fact that an offensive treaty exists be
tween'the Transvaal and the Orange Free State. .
SAN DOMINGO
GOVERNMENT
HAS FALLEN
t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•+ +TV + + +++ + ; ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ t
♦ t
+ NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— Andri- ♦
+ ano Grullon, the representative +
♦ of the Santo Dominican revolu- ♦
+ tionists in this country, has re- +
+ ceived the.following cablegram: -f
+ SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug.' 27.— +
+ Revolutionists in capital. Govern- -f
+ ment surrenders. LE MARCHE. +
+ Le Marche is the representa- +
+ tive of the Jiminez revolutionists +
+ at San Domingo. . No details ♦
+ have yet been received by M. ♦
+ Grullon. ♦
♦ ♦
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-*>♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ .♦.♦;♦>♦♦♦-♦ ♦ ♦ ♦.♦ ♦ ♦ ♦.♦'
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— A cablegram
received to-day by the representative
of the Dominican revolutionists in this
city from Santiago de Cuba stated that
the Government had surrendered to the
forces lof General Jiminez. While the
authenticity of the report is questioned.
advices from . the Herald's correspond-
ent. at San Domingo, which have been
delayed in transmission, state that on
Friday the revolutionists were only a
few hours' distant from the capital and
that the Government was tottering.
Senor Grullon, the recipient of the
cablegram, said:
- "There is no question in my mind as
to the truth of this cablegram. Mr.
Osmun Le Marche is an agent of the
Dominican revolutionists and would
not for the world think of sending any
such message if it were not true. There
has been to my mind no fighting. The
whole people have arisen and over-
turned the Government. It was a
peaceful revolution. The people have
no faith in the present Government of-
ficials, who were the servants of the
late President Hereaux, and combine
all his bad qualities without having his
ability.
■_ Senor Grullon said: "So far as my
plan has been considered, it is safe to
say that for the present some provi
sional government ' will be established
until the general election is held. I
know certainly that General Jiminez
will not assume any offlce until he is
'chosen at an election by the people.
He wants to be the popular choice. He
does not want jto ride into offlce by
force or by any sudden coup. He vill
wait for the election and he will be tri
umphantly elected. The people want
him. GeneraL Jiminez is not a profes
sional revolutionist. He is known in
New York and. has been engaged m
professional enterprises since 1875. He
is a man of high ideate and wants to
give to' the San Domingo Government
free and civilized rule that may enable
the 'people of his native land to pros-
per." : _^________
*>• Every, home should have a copy of
The Call's splendid Souvenir Edition.
PBICE FI^E CEINTTS.
DEPLORABLE
CONDITIONS
AT MANILA
»
Special r-able to The Call and the Xew York
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor-
don Bennett.
HONGKONG, Aug. 28.— censor
ship in the Philippines continues un
changed. It is political instead of
military.
The only friendly natives I found on
my southern tour were those at Moros,
who so far are unwilling that we should
hold any territory except the single
walled town of Jolo. Even the non
combatants hate us. In Manila the na
tive feeling against us is growing
stronger every day. Taxes are higher
in Manila than under Spanish rule and
the inhabitants bitterly complain. Liv
ing expenses have doubled. The native
police have been discharged and Ameri
cans : appointed, whose administration
is tyrannical and inefficient because
they are ignorant of the language and
not familiar with .the perpetrators of
crime.
Murders and robberies, the old in
habitants say, are more numerous than
ever before. Taxes and customs duties
are being used to support the army in
stead of being applied to municipal ne
cessities. This really prolongs the war
by keeping the natives irritated after2
BATTLESHIP ALABAMA STARTS
ON HER BUILDERS' TRIAL TRIP
Contractors Confident That tlie New Fighting Craft Will
Come Up to the Requirements of the
Specifications. .
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 28.— The
United States battleship Ala-
bama started on her builders'
trip at 2:30 o'clock this morning.
She went as far as Delaware
Breakwater to-night and will pass out
to- sea tr/- morrow morning, when the
regular speed test will begin. The new
WM *r ** • ft_. P» Pa *s *9 ■» ita & *Bk »> M*
THE NEW ALABAMA AND HER PREDECESSORS.
l Alabama is not a new name in the American naval register. In 1818 the keel was laid fora llne-of-battle ship ln the
l Portsmouth Navy Yard. After a time work was suspended, and only resumed in a desultory manner as the years went
l by. She was listened Alabama and was a sister ship to the Vermont, which had been completed at the Boston yard the
l year the Alabama was commenced. When the war of the Rebellion broke out in .8.1 the name Alabama was changed to
). New Hampshire, and the work of the builders was rushed, so that the craft was completed and went Into commission early
lZ in 1*64. She never saw any active service, as when she was ready for sea the day of the sailing vessel had long passed by.
■ She is at present in use by the New York Naval Reserve, and entered upon the register as "unserviceable." . The most
l famous of the vessels bearing that name was the Confederate cruiser Alabama, which was sunk off Cherbourg, France, m
_. July. 1»64, by the U. S. S. Kearsarge. in command of Captain Winslow. after an action lasting sixty-five minutes. The
> new Kearsarge is ring completion at the Newport News yard, and at no distant day the Alabama and the Kearsarge
> may be seen in one fleet, both flying the stars and stripes and ready to engage a common foe.
the high-sounding promises of good
government.
Information concerning the re.cent
Josses of the enemy is purely hearsay.
obtained from frightened natives.
The desire- of the natives for Am*»
can rule officially reported is not borne
out by facts. The Mayor of F.alinag,
who is supposed to be a great friend of
Americans, is now in prison for de
liberately ling an Insurgent attack
on Balinag. The Mayor of San Pedro
Morale is also in prison for raising
money and soldiers for the Insurgents.
We must show sufficient demonstra
tion in force to quickly and effectively
lick the whole people or ourselves give
in. No half way measures will be
successful.
♦ —
NATIVE CHIEFTAIN
DEFEATS INSURGENTS
MANILA. Aug. 2S.— 7:23 p. m.— A report j
received here from Cebu says Da^to Mupdl
and ills tribesmen have taken the' war
path, against the insurgents., at Zam-. I
boarfga and has given them a "warm. hat- |
tle. Mm welcomed General Bates, say- :
ing he was anxious to b'ecdme an > Ameri- j
ca citizen, and asked permission to fight :
M Insurgents. , He. was .given an Amer- *
INCENDIARY FIRE
IN SAN RAFAEL
'-'... '-...-■... . /
Busirjess Portion of City Threat-
ened by the BurQiQg of ao
Empty House.
+ SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 28.— The entire business portion of the town *
O narrowly escaped destruction by Are to-night. Shortly before midnight 0 !
t. the residents in the heart of the city were startled by two heavy explo- A
$1 sloiis and rushed to their doors in time to hear the flrst taps from the X
O fire bells. : - ,■•.s
•*■ The explosions occurred in the upper story of the cottage at C street '■ rt
O and Fifth avenue, owned by William Zanning. Thomas Kerrigan and "X
* William McElroy, who happened to be in the vicinity, rushed to the' '9
<{; nearest engine house and hauled out a hose wagon. Before they could rt
0 get a stream to bear on the house flames were shooting from the win- X
X dows and roof of the building. The doors and windows were locked and ■?.§
5? the fire was fought from the roof. When the doors was Anally forced.-,; q
O the firemen were unable to enter the building on account ' of the over- +
X powering odor of coal oil. After an hour's hard work the Are was O
♦ finally got under control. -4
-6 Zanning and his family occupy the, house immediately adjoining-' V
1 the burned cottage, but at the time of the Are Zanning was not to be «
5 found, and his wife said she did' not know where he was. The Are '";*"+
O started in the most thickly settled portion of the city, and had it ■ &
£ gained headway, the whole business section would have been swept 'ft.
+ away. The burned building was unoccupied and is said to have been 9
O heavily insured. ■ '-vZP/xPii'Xyy ' ••-O
t. i .Zanning is the man who was a short time ago sentenced to pay a Ane .XT
$. of' $250 and serve 120 days in the county jail for pulling his horse's 5
O tongue out by the roots. O
4- ' * *T
Alabama is one of the three first-class
battleships authorized by Congress on
June 10, 1596. The other two are the
Illinois, building at Newport News, ami
the Wisconsin, at . the Union Iron
Works, at San Francisco.
The Alabama will be the flrst of the
three to go into commission. The con
*x, «*•-. ■« •»*. «-!> ara m-yt'trxi »n Vn m» Irn *■■»
KB kbkbk>«B-:kl_illtinil|-:
Ican flag. Genera] Bates will return to
the Sulu archipelago to arrange for estab
lishing American garrisons there.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 28.— The following
dispatch has been received at the War
Department from General Otis under date
of August 26;
MANILA. Aug. M —Adjutant General. Wash
ington: Dal M .-'li attacked and defeated the
insurgents at Z«mt>oariga. killing thirty, on
this date. He visited General Bates at Jolo to
givo adhesion to the United States, Bates re
turned him to ■* small island near Zsimboanga,
when he requested permission to drive out the
Insurgents, but told that troops would be sent
to '/.is. (..'-. an«ra noon. The insurgents there
offered several weeks ago to turn over the
city on promise of surrender In ease Agulnaldo
Is successful In Luzon. The proration was
declined. Data Mundl Is an able man. edu
cated abroad, and thoroughly loyal to American
Interest* Hates leaves on the 30th to place
troops in the Sulu Inland?, and will soon place
troops In Zamboanga and Isabella, the naval
station In Basllon Islands. OTIS.
LATEST CASUALTIES
IN THE PHILIPPINES
) WASHINGTON. Adg. 2S.— General Otife
M-ftfy cables. the War Department the
fol lowing'' deaths in his command:
'^Dr'owfied,s' August s— John Blake, Com-
pany XIV, Sixth Infantry, near Da Caste
'land, Negros; August 21— E. Poole,
Twenty-fourth Infantry; August 22—The
THE BAN FKANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1899.
tract requires a sneed of sixteen knots.
The contract price of hull and ma
chinery is $2,650,000. This is exclusive
of armament and other new features
of equipment to be added by the Gov
ernment at Washington.
The contractors are confident the new
vessel will meet every requirement as
to speed, *• worthiness, etc., specified
in the contract.
According to experts the armor of the
Alabama is the most complete ever put
upon a battleship.' It is of Harveyized
nickel steel. The side armor is 16%
Inches thick at the top of the belt, and
tapers to >'*i Inches at the bottom. In
the turrets the porthole plates are 1.
inches thick, and other plates 15 inches.
The protective deck rises from the
lower Inside edge of the water-line belt
upward, and inside to a level with the
top of the belt, and forms an armored
flat, the slope being 4 inches aft. 3
Inches forward and on the flat 2%
inches thick.
Another novelty on the Alabama Is
the placing of her two smokestacks
abreast of each other instead of along
the axis of the vessel. In some respects
the Alabama resembles the lowa,
though the new battleship is eight feet
longer and several inches narrower
than .Her predecessor. \
odore J. Martin, Company M, Twentieth
Infantry.
The following of Company F, Twenty
fourth Infantry*, were drowned August
21: Sergeant Thomas W. Countee, Pri
vates William Carter. John Dean. John
John * Edward Jones. Thomas Russell
Kmmett McMillan, George Moody, Hamp
ton Kendall.
Typhoid fever, 5 August 20— Dickson
Weed.n, Company C, First Montana; Au
gust 22, Elmer Rathbone. Company I,
Twenty-first Infantry; Frederick McDon
ald, Company H. Nineteenth Infantry;
August 23— Abraham Gottroux. Company
11, Twelfth Infantry: Samuel Fehl. re
cruit. Fourteenth Infantry; cirrhosis of
liver. August 18— John Rogers, Company
C, Fourth Cavalry; August John C
Evans, Company F, Twenty-first In
fantry; diarrhoea. John W. Murnan. Com
pany C, Third Infantry; accidental fall
August I.— William A. Vanza, Company
C. Seventeenth Infantry; from wounds in
action. August 21— Albert Irvine,- Company
M. Twelfth Infantry: appendicitis, Au
gust 24— Fred Anderson, Company C
Third Infantry. . ,-.,.* -
The following were wounded near San
Fernando: Sixteenth Infantry, Company
E, Sergeant Louis Steer, elbow, slight ac
cidental; Twenty-second Infantry, Com
pany G, Edward H. Newman, leg* slight'
Seventeenth Infantry, Company D, Fran
cis B. Eastman, neck, slight; James H.
McGilloray. slight; Frank Stickel.
scalp, slight; Company E, Sergeant Wil
liam Schroeder, scalp, slight; Fifty-first
lowa, near Caiulum. August 11, Company
A, Amos Slatton, leg, slight; band. James
Stuart, shoulder, slight; Company D, The
odore Haltgaver, shoulder, slight.
HOMEWARD BOUND.
Detail of Troops on the Valencia and
- - Zealandia. -
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.-A dispatch
from General Otis, dated the 26th inst.,
has been received at the War Department
giving the details of the troops on the
transports Valencia and Zealandia. It is
as follows:
The Valencia sailed August 23 with 16
officers and 324 enlisted men of the Mon
tana Infantry; 10 officers and 86 dis
charged men, two hospital corps and Aye
civilians. The Zealandia sailed August 23
with 24 officers and 339 enlisted men of the
Montana Infantry*: eight officers and 179
discharged men. eight men of the hos
pital corps. 20 enlisted men sick, and nine
civilians. The Montana Infantry left in
Manila 5 officers and 62 enlisted" men re
enlisted; 9 sick; 2 officers and 90 enlisted
men discharged. '."
RUSSIANS REFRAIN FROM
FURTHER INTERFERENCE
Party of Blue Jackets Landed From
. the Woodlark Is With-
drawn. *.*...
SHANGHAI, Aug. 28.— Advices. received
to-day from Hankow, on the Tangtse
Kiang, show that the Russians, who had
attempted to eject workmen employed by
the British concern of Jardine, Mathesdn
& Co. from property which they had been
instructed to fence in. and who were
checked by the prompt action of the
British Consul and the captain of the
British . gunboat ,Woodlark, , have re
frained from further interference and the
party of blue Jackets that was landed
from the Woodlark to guard the property
has been withdrawn.
New Principal Elected.
FRESNO, Aug. 28.— The City Board of
Education to-night elected Osmer Abbott
late of Hawaii principal of Fresno High
School.
APACHES ON
THE WARPATH
IN ARIZONA
Outbreak of Hostilities With
the Zunis Momentarily
Expected.
BITTER TRIBAL FEUD
— « —
Braves Swear to Wreak Terrible
Vengeance -for- the Murder of
Four of Their Tribe. ;'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JEROME, Ariz., Aug. 28.— Jerome was;
thrown into a fever of excitement to-day *
by a band of Apaches in war paint pass
ing through the town. Leaders of the
tribe .topped and purchased* a large sup
ply, of ammunition and. hastily left in the
wake of their fast-disappearing com- ■
rades. Additional interest was lent to the '
occurrence by the presence r of- only
"bucks" in the band, -
A reporter of the Associated Press se- j
cured a horse anc overtook tne. Indians a
few miles from Jerome, and after consid
erable persuasion was permitted to ac
company them on the journey of twenty
miles over the roughest imaginable coun
try. When the vicinity of Red Rock was
approached the pace of the horses wa.-
quickened' and an impatience was noticed
11. the Indians riot noticeable beforel. ■ In
a canyon with perpendicular walls rising
to a height of hundreds ~i feet were the
lemains of a campiire and near by a wig- I
warn. In front of the wigwam was the
body of a squaw and papoose, while a *
few rods in front was a buck. All three j
hail been horribly .mutilated and scalped.
The hands and feet were rut off.
The Indians formed a circle and on the I
dismembered bodies swore to wreak yen- j
beance. The name Zuni occurred many'
times. The bodies were burled near the
scene of the crime and the band took the
trail to the north. 1ie.,.! Justin, one of
th.- most intelligent of the band, and who
speaks excellent English, was delegated
to accompany the reporter to the bounds
of civilization, and of him something of
the affair was learned.
The. Zunis are a New Mexico tribe, while
the Apaches are of Arizona. A bitter en
mity has existed for years between the
tribes, but a truce has put an end to hos- i
tilities for some time.
The three murdered Indians had left
their reservation near Camp Verde and
were surprised by a band of Zunis. The
Apaches took their trail In the direction i
r.f New Mexico, and old settlers fear that j
a furious outbreak will follow and end In
the extermination of one of the tribes.
There are no soldiers within reach, and
settlers are not disposed to interfere in
the outbreak. i
SEARCHING FOR
THE DERELICT
>
Unsuccessful Voyage of
the Willapa.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. 1., Aug. 28.— The mys
tery of the derelict barkentine which is
reported to have played tag with the reefs
off CtayotJUOt three weeks ago Is still un
solved. Indeed It grows more mysterious.
The steamer Willapa, which went as far
as the north end of Vancouver Island to
search for her, ha- returned, and neither
saw nor heard anything further of the
wandering barkentine. But although she
saw nothing of the vessel, the Willapa
saw campnres along the beach— fires
which looked as though they were the
temporary homes of a shipwrecked crew.
They were over forty miles from any hab
itation and on a seldom visited part of the
coast. To see if there was any sign of
lift-, the steamer bore well inshore and
the officers scanned the beach with their
glasses, but without avail. If any ship
wrecked mariners had been there they
were not then visible, and It was too
rough for a landing to be made to In
vestigate further.
Another story which is coupled with the
mystery is that told by Captain A. L.
Hammen of the schooner Lily L, which
has returned from Unalaska. He tells of
sighting a derelict— it maybe the same one
seen off Clayoquot — on August 16, in lati
tude 49 degrees and 58 minutes north,
longitude 136 degrees and 'd minutes west.
about 350- miles from the north end of
Vancouver Island. She was a three-mast
ed barkentine, square rigged. The lower
part of the mainmast was- standing, on
which was a gaff!- The hull was badly
broken and a great deal of the planking
gone, showing the vessel's ribs. She
seemed to be loaded with lumber. Another
search wil be made for the wandering
vessel. *
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Klondike Claims to Be Presented,
Pensions Granted, Army Changes.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2*. -Ex-Repre
sentative Lewis of Washington has se
cured from State Department officials cre
dentials to Embassador Choate at Lon
don to represent the claims of the United
States miners in the Atlln discoveries in
the Klondike before Great Britain. These
claims represent about $15,000,000 and a
great many Californians are involved In
the discovery*. Mr. Lewis will sail to
morrow.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War Major Parker W. West, in
spector general, upon completion of the
duty assigned by the commanding gen
eral, Department of California, will pro
ceed to the Philippine Islands.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Thomas
Earle Evans is relieved from duty at Fort
Crook and will proceed to report to the
commanding officer, Troop G, Sixth Cav
alry, for duty to accompany them to San
Francisco.
Private Joseph G. Murray, Troop A,
Third Cavalry, now in confinement in
Hollo, Philippine Islands, as Joseph G.
Alsoph, is restored to duty without trial
on condition that he make good time lost
by desertion, and is transferred to the
Eighteenth Infantry to serve the remain
der of the original enlistment. Recruit
Charles L. Dulin, Sixth Infantry, .casual
detachment, Presidio, San Francisco, is
discharged from the service of the United
States.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Grattan E. Poage,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; Edward
Bradl-y, San Francisco, $8. . Original
widows, etc.— Frances L. Owens, Locke
ford, $8..
Oregon: Original widows, Minor of
Donald E. By land , Woodburn, $10.
AGAIN VISITS NICE.
Admiral Dewey Accepts the vita
tion of the XJ. S. Vice Consul.
NICE, Aug. Admiral Dewey, ac
companied by Lieutenants Brumby and
Caldwell, arrived here this afternoon. Ac
cepting the United States Vice Consul's
invitation, the admiral drove to Point
Anfree, stopping at the drotto. Thence
he ascended the Fallcon, from which there
is a superb view. The party continued on
to Cimiez, skirting the heights over, the
town and returning to the city. In spite
of the warm weather and the fact that
this was his second visit, Admiral Dewey
expressed admiration of all he saw. The
American officers returned to Vlllefranche
after dinner. - ;-.-
Died of the Plague.
OPORTO, Aug. 28.— Two more deaths
from the bubonic plague have been re
ported to-day. .;-
1 ♦ ■ —
Mail The Call's great Souvenir
Edition to your friends.
FRENCH OFFICERS DECLARED OUTLAWS.
Captain Voulet and Lieutenant Chanoine. French army officers, are ac
cused of having killed Lieutenant Colonel Klobb and .Lieutenant Meunter.
The former two officers were in command of a mission in the Soudan, and
reports came to France of terrible cruelties being perpetrated upon the na
tives. \ Lieutenant Colonel Klobb and Lieutenant Meunier were sent to inves
tigate. As they approached the mission they were ordered to halt by Cap
tain Voulet. . The officers. made known their identity, and proceeded toward
the mission. " Immediately Captain Voulet and. Lieutenant Chanoine gave the
order to fire to their squad M men. with the result that Lieutenant Colonel
Klobb and Lieutenant Meunier were killed.
McLEAN IS NOW
ON THE SCENE
— •
Ohio Democratic Clans
at Zanesville.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ZANESVILLE. Ohio. Aug. 28.-The
Democratic State Convention was Inaug
urated to-day by the arrival of John R.
McLean this afternoon and Colonel
James R. Kilbourne to-night and all the
other candidates for Governor and other
places on the State ticket. While the at
tendance is unusually large there are not
many delegates present. They will come
to-morrow with the visiting clubs. The
preliminary meetings do not occur until
4 p. m. to-morrow and the convention does
not convene till Wednesday. There are
probably no changes to-day in the fig
ures. The arrival of McLean has made
his friends more enthusiastic and the ar
rival of Kilbourne has made some of his
friends more desperate. The other can
didates for Governor are not doing much
except shaking hands, with the excep
tion of Sherwood, who seems to be in
line for second place. The McLean men
are so confident of not less than seventy
six more than is necessary on the first
ballot that they are figuring on their
running mates. They prefer Colonel
James Kilbourne for Lieutenant Gov
ernor, but so far neither he nor his
friends will concede fhe nomination to
McLean or accept the second place. If
the Kilbourne men hold out it is likely
that the ticket will be McLean and Sher
wood.
The McLean leaders held a general con
ference late this afternoon and gave re
assurances afterward of a majority of
seventy-eight over all, together with
claims of seventeen sure and probably
eighteen of the twenty-one Congressional
districts. This would Insure them the
control of all the committees to-morrow
night and absolute control of the conven
tion.
Judge William T. Mooney will be tem
porary chairman of the convention, but
he is not wanted by the McLean men for
permanent chairman. Congressman J. D.
Norton will be the permanent presiding
officer.
The candidacy of McLean has brought
many prominent men here that have not
attended conventions for many years.
Some of them are from other States.
Nearly all the "old guard" that was in
McLean's organization in 1897. when he
sought to succeed Sherman as Senator,
are here and all of the workers he mar
shaled two years ago against Hanna are
here. Kilbourne has not only the old
friends of Thurman. but quite an army
of new men of his own following. All
of the candidates seem to have "root
ers" available.
The indications to-day are that there
will be opposition to the adoption of the
proposed constitution that provides a
more definite plan of party organization
and a uniform system for selecting dele
gates to all Democratic conventions.
FAMILY FEUD.
LOUISVILLE. Aug. 28.— A special to the
Times from London, Ky., says:
• News has been received here confirming
a report that a pitched battle took place
Saturday between James Hayes and his
three sons on one side and Senator Will
iam Clarke and Sherman Leadford on the
other, on the streets of McKee, Jackson
County. Clarke received three pistol
wounds and his condition is critical.
Young Hayes was shot In the breast and
will die. Bitter feeling of long standing
between the two families, which are the
most wealthy in Jackson County, caused
the shooting.
Guatemala at Peace.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York '•
Herald. Copyrighted, 18S9, by James Gor- j
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Augl. 28.— The rumors of dis- j
turbances between Guatemala and Sal
vador are without foundation, both coun
tries being peaceful. An export duty of !
$20 a head has been imposed on cattle. j
Flour and wheat will be admitted free of
duty during the month of October. '
GIGANTIC TRUST OF
SALMON PACKERS
flgents fire Eodeavoring to Secure
Control of Puget Soured and
fllasKa Canneries.
ASTORIA, Aug. 28— When the leading salmon packers of the Columbia %
I*- River formed a combination some months ago it was stated that the ultimate j.
\\ object of the promoters was the creation of a gigantic trust which should X
• • control all the fisheries of Oregon and which should In turn be combined . 4*
■• with other trusts that are endeavoring to secure control of the Ashing in- j
"* terests of Puget Sound, Frazer River and Alaska. Recent movements show J.
\\ that that prediction was well founded. X
'.*. T. B. McGovern, who was one of the leading spirits in the Astoria com- 4»
• • bine, Is now on the Frazer River endeavoring to form a new combination and 7*
ti buy up all the canneries In that locality. On Saturday a deal was closed m ft
s? this city whereby the two canneries on the Nehalem River were soldto;Bam- >i
18 uel Elmere. chairman of the executive committee of the combine, ', It is mi ft
« derstood that one of them was forced to sell because no arrangements could ft
ft be made for shipping in supplies. . The strenuous efforts that are being made ft !
» on the Sound to unite all the canning' Interests under one head are shown ft
» from.the remark made by an independent cannery man from there. who was «
« in the city a few days ago. V He said that a year or -so ago he put up a ft
A cannery at a very small cost and that the combine. was so anxious to get A
V him out of the field that he could sell his plant any time before the next sea- \
A son "opens; for. $150,000. ;. '•■','. ': ''■ ' . V
\ Should the promoters of this monster trust be successful the effect on A
V the, Ashing Industry will be ruinous. They will, If the deal goes through, V
i) control the entire salmon output of the world with the -exception of the A
V small packers of the Sacramento River. This will make It possible for them \
A to control' prices in home and foreign markets, While they will also be U
\ entitled to dictate: the price of .raw material. It may be found necessary to \
Q get the cold storages Into the combine, and as the proposed trust is backed, V
Iby millions tills would be possible. " •*■*',■ 2-K
,Z The capital stock of the Astoria ■ combine As- $2,000,000, while : the capital <»
;>> stock of ■ such a trust as Is thought' to be hi process -of formation would be «
j | perhaps $15,000,000 or .000,000. Should the deal carry, fishermen, of whom ft
i ! there are 4000 In Astoria, may be forced to work for $2 a day, where now, ft
ij; when Ash are plentiful,' they make from $10 to $100 a day. Fortunately the ft
I;!; combine' cannot secure control of the Columbia River, and should the trust «
jfj become a reality its existence will be one continual Aght to suppress other ft
V concerns." *.:'..;■•*■; '", " ■." *'* ' ;-"- .' y'::':'xx 'PyXy^ -•'.
RULINGS AS TO
RAILWAY RATES
Decision of Commerce
Commission.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2S.— The Inter-
state Commerce Commission to-day an-
nounced its decision in a case involving
the relative rates on export and domestic
traffic in grain and grain products.
The commission holds that in the ab
sence of some justifying reason it would
not be right for American railroads to
permanently transact business for for- '
eigners at a less rate than that for which
they render corresponding service to j
American citizens. As to rates on ex- 1
port and domestic shipments of grain the !
commission decides:
Market conditions sometimes, in case of
wheat but seldom in case of corn, may- ;
justify an export rate through the port '
of New York somewhat lower than the
domestic rate, and Philadelphia, Balti-
more. Norfolk and Newport News usually I
take rates which arc certainly differen
tials below the ' New York rate on both
I domestic and export traffic. During the
J period of closed lake navigation the ex-
port and domestic grain rates to New
York and the other ports mentioned
j should ordinarily be the same. Rates to
j other ports. including Boston and ports
! on the Atlantic north of Boston, and Gal- |
veston. New Orleans and other gulf ports,
i may perhaps be properly made lower on
export than on domestic traffic, to en
; aid.- them to compete for the export busi-
ness. Such an adjustment of the rates
| would be to the advantage of the carrier,
I and just alike to the American consumer
; and the American producer. But as the
problem is primarily one for the carriers
I rather than this commission, no order is
| made in relation to this branch of the
i case. But the export grain rates should
I not be less to the seaboard from any point
j than from an intermediate point of the
j same line.
As to the rates on export flour as com
: pared with export wheat, the commission
i holds that public policy and good railway
1 policy alike seem to require the same rate
| on export wheat and export flour, but in
I view of the conditions shown in the inves
tigation a somewhat higher rate on .ex
; port flour than on export wheat is not in
j violation of that statute. The published
I difference in rates is too wide, and the
rate on flour for export should not exceed
that upon export wheat by more than 2
cents per 100 pounds. The relation of rates
on domestic shipments of flour ahd wheat >
: is not Involved In this decision, as the ex-
port and domestic freights are handled
under different conditions.
It further appeared that carriers en- i
gaged In the transportation of export flour
from Minneapolis at a rate which was 1^
; cents -less than the domestic rate to the .
; port of export refuse to make any corre
sponding concession to intermediate mil
: lers. The commission says that this is |
I unjust and unlawful discrimination
: against such intermediate traffic, and that
whatever line participates in such lower ,
; export rate on flour from Minneapolis j
, must .make a corresponding rate upon
* similar traffic from intermediate points.
The commission also decides that rates '
on export traffic must be published and
filed in accordance with the provisions of
section 6 of the interstate commerce act. i
It is further held that so-called through !
! export rates, made by adding the ocean I
rate, whatever It may be, to the Inland
I rail rate, whatever it may lie. are not ■
; analogous .to rates made by joint arrange- I
ments between railroad carriers subject
I to the statute in the sense that the total
j rate must be published and filed, and it
i is enough If the railway carrier publishes
! and maintains its own rate- to the sea- j
i board. But if there is, in fact, such a
| joint arrangement that the rate is a joint ,
| rate under the sixth section of the act to i
regulate commerce, then ,- the entire !
I through rate should be published, and not i
! the Inland division, which in that. case
i might vary while the entire rate remains *
the same. - . . . s
Narrowly Escaped Death.
, WOODLAND, Aug. 28.— Fred Pena/ a
young man residing in Vacaviile. narrow
j iy escaped a violent death at Elvaton, tha
shipping station of the Yolo Orchard
. ! company, this afternoon. The south
! bound Redding pass*enyer, train, running
' passing through the station. The front
steps of the smoking car and the first
■oa-senser coach struck a bale of sacks
i which had been left too near the track.
!Pena was seated on the steps of the
i «rroking car and was hurled through th«
air The train stooped and he was picked
iud A physician %i the train examined
him and expressed the opinion that a
! Borate of the wrist is his most serious in-
- jr? His escape from a violent death is
i regarded as but little short of miracu
lous. *
DO YOU FEEL
\__*\*
Such is U
Such is the feeling of those who.are on the
verge of Nervous Prostration. Such a feel ng
indicates Nerve Weakness or Nervous Exhaus-
tion i!U- of appetite, sleeplessness, dlzz>
s£us tbese are other indications
Sa !
danger. Hudyan will save you; Hudyan. will
restore you to perfect health. .  ^m «,
Have you headaches (Fig. 1): hollow «« «
dark circles under eyes (Fig. 2); a pale orm-
:''* :' " -"' 7 Zi'
ri-ited face (Fig. 3): coated tongue (Fig 4). pal-
pation of Vart (Fig. f.>: impaired digestion
?Flg ■ *"r If So take Hudyan. by all means
*
j h^'vU v * ■•■■ v the gl
gS-Uma. Hudyan will make^ou strong.^
? p ♦ Activity. energy.
, ~ • rfulne«s, a good
I cheerfulness, a good-
MEN AND digestion— all theee
* WOMtN belong to you If your
ADVISED I nerves are strong.
FPFE I Hudvan will give you
fall or Write I these- for tHadyM
Call or write, i EtrPnsthens the nerves
>■ "♦ and nerve centers.
' Hudyan creates rosy cheeks and bright eyes ■
Ivan Is for men and women. It is agree-
; fble to take agreeable in its effect V* >'an
i peculiar curative powers that belong
! toJSySteft?lSi by druggists-50c a pack-
*%■ keep Hudyan. send
i direct to the
| HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton. Ellis and Market Sts.,
{ SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
YOU MPY CONSULT THE HUDYfIN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE CALL OR WRITE. .
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Strong Assertions as to Jnat "What
the Itemed ies "Will Do.
tMunyon guarantees
that his Rheumatism
Cure will cure nearly
all cases of rheuma-
all cases of rheuma-
tism ln a few hours;
that his Dyspepsia CUre
will cure indigestion and
all stomach troubles:
that his Kidney Cure
will cure 00 per cent.
of all cases of kidney
trouble; that his Ca-
tarrh Cure will cure
catarrh no matter how
long standing; that hia
Headache Cure will euro
any kind of headache in
a few minutes; that
bis Cold Cure will
.', quickly break up any
(nm of cold and so on through the entire list of
[ rumedles. At all druggists, 26 cents a rial.
If you need medical advice write Prof. Munyon.
1006 Arch St.. Phila. It is absolutely tree. _. --;
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
■»•.« <■ I IK IMI'K FOl'R BOXES
to cure any case -with a positive written guar*
antee or refund the money, and to destroy tbe
appetite for Intoxicating liquor).
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
tTJfIUr nDIHV cansea Misery. Poverty
01 nUnO DRINK and Death. Upon receipt
tf $10.00 Tve wili mail you four [4] boxes and posl-
tve -written riHrnntco to cure or refund
ourmone». Sine-» •■"— "*' ■).
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole AgttZ,
214 Kearny St.. San Francisco.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED, I
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest prac- I
i DR. METERS & CO. l»T« '-he largest prac-
tice and best equipped medical institution I
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years. I .
j PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office I
or by mail. All letters confidential. |
781 Market St.. San Francisce
! EJS%$$ Dg. BALL'S fiEINYiaORATOR
' H&fl«£j£i Five hundred reward for any
; PI <__U caje we cannot cure. This secret
3 - I remedy stope all losses. In M
_%X_t ■■ hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
J^n Wilt tercy Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
x_l_\ lijly oieet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
*$& MB' Manhood and all wasting efTssS^
C""— of seif-abus* cr excesses. »mm
sealed. t* botUe. i bottle*, 15; i guaranteed to|
curs any case. Address HAUL'S MEDIC^ii. ilf.
BTITI'TE 555 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Aim
for sal* at 1073* Market at.. S. F. All privaS
diseases quickly cured. Send tor free boos.
_^k Dr. R. L. Walsft
/•^P^£^»iSaV &>%. GEARY ST.. bet.
)f»!lll>^L'\"ii iin^ Hyde and L*rki_.
n i^i=^^*^=!s?/ t'linness Extraction..
Tl _ »»»•
i[K J^7\ Crowns"* '.*.!*.".*.*.'. "f^.OU
n« fi Ti 1-T^J*-^ Flesh-colored Plates..
wj&^- ts^.o»
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN Brat prizes tor
thia branch of dentistry. No students. li
yeara' experience.
A am ■ ■ II PI ■ and Morphine Habit*
Hi 111 10 cured at hums. Writs
lIP I I nil &*2S ftKrt,cu,ft-
lIS 111 INDIAN OPIUM OTTM.
VI I Will 8..D. KIMMIS. 201 Tuk
' ■ . St., San -ranom»
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Stricture*
nnd analogous complaints of the Organs ol
Generation. . .
Trice Jl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Price tl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Writ's Indian Viable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona
who have used them for forty years to t cure
Kt(?K HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION Torrid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pir-
n and" purify the bloo*CHARAVAY ADMITS THAT HE
ACCUSED DREYFUS FALSELY
Expert Confesses His
Error and Declares
Esterhazy Indicted
the Bordereau.
SHIELDING DE CLAM
Jouaust Assents to a
Plan That Will Save
Him From a Cross-
Examination.
>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENNES, Aug. 28.— balance
of the evidence to-day, for a
change, was in favor of Dreyfus.
Five witnesses were for him and
two against him.
The most interesting testimony was
that of Chief Handwriting Expert
Charavay, who had come to declare that
he had changed entirely his opinion,
which in 1894 was against, and is now
in favor of Dreyfus, who he to-day af
firmed .was not the author of the bor
dereau. His candid confession of error
was received with murmurs of satis
faction in court, which became discreet
applause in spite of Colonel Jouaust's
patent disapproval, when he solemnly
added:
"I declare here, on my soul and con
science, that the bordereau was writ
ten by Esterhazy."
The most important incident, how
ever, was Colonel Jouaust's acquies
cence to Major Carrlere's request that
a rogatory commission be Instructed to
take Colonel dv Paty de Clam's depo
sition. The initiative came purely from
the Government Commissary, Maitres
Labori and Demange having no faith
ln such a measure, because it allows Dv
Paty de Clam to escape cross-examina
tion, which is the only thing worth
having under the present circum
stances. Dv Paty de Clam being a wit
ness for the prosecution, Major Car
riere will simply prepare a list of ques
itons which an examining magistrate
will put to Dv Paty de Clam at his resi- |
dence and nobody supposes that the
witness will be very much embarrassed
by the interrogatories.
To-day the central figure in the
courtyard, which is the meeting place j
for all the leading personages of the j
trial during the suspension of the ses- j
sions, was Captain Freystmetter, who i
was the subject" of many flattering re
marks on his manly and soldier-like
bearing. Indeed, the interest in him j
was so great that some persons waited j
all night long outside the door of the;
court in order to obtain standing room |
in the rear part of the courtroom, in \
the hope of seeing him at to-day's sit- |
ting, an impression having gone abroad
that he might be recalled. His modest
and frank manner inspired admiration
in all except the generals and the other
military witnesses for the prosecution. i
who seemed afraid of him and scowled ;
in his direction from the other side of !
the courtyard. Captain Freystmetter I
will not remain here until the end of
the trial, but will leave Rennes in a few- j
days. \.r
M. de Freyclnet, formerly Minister of j
War. arrived this afternoon and will |
testify to-morrow.
FIELD DAY FOR EXPERTS
ON HANDWRITING
Bertillon's Testimony Punctured by
Witnesses Cabled by the
Defense.
RENNES. Aug. 28.— When the fourth
week of the second trial by court-martial
of Captain Alfred Dreyfus of the artil
lery, charged with treason, opened in
the Lycee building this morning General
Mercier, who was Minister of War when
Dreyfus was first tried. In 1894, was pres
ent ib usual In the front row of the wit
ness' seats, thus definitely setting at rest
the reports that he had fled to the Isl
and of Jersey and as to his arrest.
The first witness to-day was M. Paray-
Javal. the draughtsman, whose evidence
was Interrupted on Saturday by the ad
journment of the court. M. Paray-Javal
was called by the defense to refute the
system by which M. Bertillon, chief of
the anthropometric department of the
Paris Prefecture of Police, last week at
tempted to prove that the prisoner wrote
the famous bordereau in a disguised
hand and by means of the key-word
"interest," and that it could not have
been written by Esterhazy. although the
flocument was in a handwriting resemb
ling that of Esterhazy. With the aid of
a blackboard M. Paray-Javal demonstrat
ed the fallacy of M. Bertillon's calcula
tions and criticized the latter's unfairness
ln not subjecting Esterhazy's handwrit
ing to the same tests as the prisoner's
writing. At the same time tne draughts
man declared that even if M. Bertillon
had done so the results would not have
pfoved anything. ■'*-
In brief, the morning session may be
said to have been a field day for the
handwriting experts, who devoted them
selves to demolishing one another's evi
dence. The public followed the deposi
tions listlessly, but the judges and coun
sel listened with the greatest attention.
General Mercier did not seem to be very
cheerful to-day. He hardly said a word
to General Gonse during the whole morn
ing, but during the brief suspension of
the court's sitting he and Generals Gonse
and Reset walked ip and down the court
yard of thp Lycee engaged In conversa
tion Genera] de Roisdeffre-was not pres
ent in court to-day. He has been absent
irom the past few sessions, and lt is
rumors] here that he is desirous of leav
ing tne sinking ship 0f the general staff.
j he center of interest in the courtyard
was Captain 1-rc-ystmc-tter of the Marine
T?JS3i'.rjr' so favorably to
Dreyfus on Saturday, and who seemingly
S'l'^ vl ilu Colonel Maurel, who was
P dent of the court-martial of 1594, in
»27K Jmiwrtam feature of the latter's
%,l,Z nC£;««£h,e. ' -'.^'i. dressed in a blue-
black tunic, |, blue trousers and
wearing his five decorations, ■ eld a veri
table reception of his friends, who pressed
around him and shook his hand. These
friends, however, were all civilians, not
gie unifoi . ppokp i 0 njnl
Which is ■Jhif.ofl£?&o,?cer «Poke to him.
which Is the first fruit of his frankness
and a clear J?Muatlon of the determina
tion of the military clique to ostracise
him.
After two witnesses had testified and
argued against M. Bertill system it
was the opinion of the sympathizers' of
Dreyfus that if the statements of the
witnesses were '7.*" they had simply
pulverized M. Bertillon. The latter
wished to reply, but the court, Colonel
Jouaust, declined to allow the specialist
to go over his evidence again, taking the
ground that the evidence would never
end If every expert did the same.
An amusing scene followed. M. Bertil
lon pleaded that he had a personal state
CAPTAIN DREYFUS LEAVING HIS PRISON FOR THE COURT-MARTIAL.
Every morning Captain Dreyfus leaves the military prison for the Lycee, where the trial is held, at a quarter past
6. the sitting of the court beginning fifteen minutes later. He is attended by military warders, and on his way to the
Lycee has to pass through a double row of soldiers, who are drawn up. as shown in the sketch, with their backs turned
toward him. It Is only a short distance from one door to the other and very few among the general public a^e able to
get a glimpse of the accused.— London Daily Graphic.
ment to make and mounted the platform. I
But he had hardly uttered a half-dozen
words when Colonel Jouaust saw he was
merely regrlnding his evidence, and to
the great satisfaction of the audience
curtly told the specialist to leave the
platform, which he did discomfited.
M. Trissonieres' testimony against Drey
fus followed. Then M. Charavay, tlK> ex
pert who had previously* declared Drey
fus was the author of the bordereau, was
called to the witness bar. His testimony
proved to be of the great) interest, as
he came to confess he had made an error
and he was now- convinced that Ester- c
hazy and not Dreyfus wrote the borde- I
reau. This announcement made a deep |
impression on the court, and was greeted i
with a general murmur of satisfaction.
The next witness, M. Pellier. also testi
fied favorably to the prisoner.
M. Cordier, another expert, deposed that
' as a result of his examination lie had
become convinced that the bordereau was
not written by Esterhazy, but he could
not say it was written by Dreyfus, be
j cause he had not seen the prisoner's writ-
I ing. This witness kept the court In a
i continual roar of laughter by the extra
i ordinary modulations of his voice, mis
placed emphasis and gestures.
The final witness. M. Varinaud, main
tained the declaration he had made be
fore the Court of Cassation, that the
bordereau was not written by Esterhazy.
Colonel Jouast then announced that M.
de Frevclnet. who resigned the Ministry
of War on May 6 of this year, and who i
was succeeded by M. Krantz. who in turn
was succeeded by General le Marquis de
GallJfet on the downfall of the Dupuy
ministry, would be among the witnesses
to-morrow, and the session was closed
with the request that a rogatory commis
sion be sent to Colonel Dv Paty de ("lam.
whose illness prevents his attendance in
court, In which Colonel Jouast agreed.
! This step does not satisfy the defense,
I but they acquiesced to the commission
taking Dv Paty de Clanfs testimony on
the principle that half a loaf Is better
than no bread.
I The following is the more Important tes
timony In detail:
M. Paray-Javal, draughtsman, resumed
his testimony at the opening of the court j
this morning, and with the assistance of |
a blackboard, proceeded to show the fal- j
lacy of calculations of M. Bertillon and j
the latter's unfairness in not submitting |
the handwriting of Esterhazy to the same
tests as the prisoner's. He declared, how
ever, that even if M. Bertillon had^lone
1 so the results would not have proved any
-1 thing. The witness, however, insisted
that M. Bertillon had shown a vicious
j method in only making a partial experi
ment, -zx.
Continuing. M. Paray-Javal proceeded '
. to show that the geometric regularities
alleged by M. Bertillon did not in reality
exist. He pointed out a number of irreg
ularities in the handwriting of the border-
I eau and said the same irregularities were
particularly noticeable in Esterhazy's cal-
I ligraphy. He contended that the alleged
■ irregularity of the key word "interest"
was only approximate and proceeded to
illustrate his arguments on the black
board, showing that all M. Bertillon's
proofs applied as equally to Esterhazy as
Dreyfus. Finally. M. Paray-Javal de
clared that M. Bertillon's measurement
of the word "Interest," which served as
the basis for the whole system, was en-
tirelv false and therefore M. Bertillon's
entire system "falls to the ground and
no longer exists." (Great sensation.) This
witness, who had awakened the interest
of his hearers, maintained that the bor
| dereau could not have been traced, add- '
I ing that it was an utter Impossibility. He
then proceeded to Illustrate why this was
the case and to prove the falseness of M.
Bertillon's deductions.
In conclusion M. Paray-Javal said that
he thought that M. Bertillon was a very
intelligent man. but that his system was
false and he. the witness, was convinced
that only self-esteem prevented M. Ber-
tillon admitting his error.
M. Bernard, an Inspector of mines, who
took high honor at the polytechnic school.
who followed M. Paray-Javal at the wit
ness bar. said be appeared to refute a por
tion of M. Bertillon's evidence, which was
based on false calculations. As a matter
of fact, he added. it was on such a basis
that the whole system rested. "Witness
said he was greatly surprised that M. Ber-
tillon thought fit to have recourse to psy
chological arguments to prove:
First, that the bordereau was fabri
cated. -• "
Second, that the methods which might
have been employed in writing certain
words were such as to constitute proof
against Dreyfus. ,".=-.i ._,_. .:- ;.,
M. Bernard also said he was astonished
at the fact that M. Bertillon had under
taken to account for the shape of letters
and the space between words. There was
not 1.25 millimetre as alleged by M. Ber
tillon. but 1.56. Moreover, the writing of
the bordereau was natural and rhythmic,
which its character and size showed It
was not written by either a short-sighted
or a long-sighted person. The witness
then proceeded to Illustrate photographic
ally his contention that the bordereau was
not a fabricated document and also
pointed out important differences between
M Bertillon's photographs and the orig
inal.
M. Trissonieres followed. He said he ad-
hered in all respects to his report dated
October 29. 1594, in which he expressed the
opinion that the bordereau was the work
of the writer of the documents seized at
the prisoner's residence. For the purpose
of comparison the witness lengthily criti
cized the bordereau letter by letter, point
ing out resemblances ln the prisoner's
handwriting.
In conclusion M. Trissonieres said he
thought It was impossible to find more
tangible reasons than those which in
duced in him the belief, which he hoped
the court would share. (Sensation.)
Replying to the court/ M. Trissonieres
said lie had not notion the prisoner's
handwriting was Illegible, and he had
never seen the document dictated to Drey-
fus The copy of the bordereau made by
Dreyfus was then handed to the witness,
who declared it had never been given to
him for purposes of comparison. (Sensa
tion.) The witness added that he would
require three days to give an opinion upon -
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, : AUGUST 29, 1899.
SENATE TO PROBE
THE CONSPIRACY
PARIS, Aug. According to
the Matin therecent discoveries
of documentary evidence of a
plot against the security of the
state has caused ' the Govern
ment to decide upon calling the
Senate together as a high court
of justice. Documents in the
hands of M. Fabre, the examin
ing magistrate, leave no possible
doubt In regard to the existence
of a plot.
A fortnight will be allowed the
Senators to return, so it is un
likely the court will be called
before the second half of Sep
tember.
: It. He could not conclude his examina
tion on the spot. He must have time.
1 Here a member of the court-martial, |
giving the result of his examination of the j
I bordereau, remarked: "The letter "1" is ;
always isolated, even at the beginning of
I words."
To this M. Trissonieres replied that this
peculiarity was also found in the prison-
er's handwriting.
When he was invited to reply* to the wit-
ness Dreyfus said that M. Trissonieres' j
remarks seemed to him "quite incorrect," !
and that in order to reply properly, he,
the prisoner, must have the documents
under his eyes.
"As regards the criticism on the subject ;
j of paragraphing," Dreyfus added, "1 beg
| to reply that one does not make a fresh ,
j paragraph except when beginning a new j
I idea. Every time 1 begin a new idea in
anything 1 write I make a paragraph."
The prisoner, in conclusion, asked the
president of the court to request the wit- |
ness before he retired to produce the doc-
uments furnished to him for comparison,
of which the defense had no knowledge.
Colonel Jouaust— Certainly.
After a brief suspension of the session
the court resumed hearing testimony, and .
M. Charavay, the archivist and reporter
on ancient manuscripts, was called to the i
witness bar. . His deposition was so maud- '
ible that he was requested to speak up.
"In 1894," said M. Charavay, "I, with
two colleagues, though acting under sepa-
rate instructions, was commissioned to
examine the bordereau and a number of
documents for comparison, unsigned and
In different handwriting. 1 examined first :
the latter documents, and by the process
of elimination fixed upon one resembling
the bordereau. I was then furnished with '
specimens of the handwriting in question,
but was not told the name of the writer.
1 asked if the document could be regarded ,
as genuine, and was told the place whence
it emanated, which could Dot be mentioned !
by me and which could leave no doubt in
regard to Its value. I make this remark ;
; because I think it explains my opinion, |
for I could not consider that a document
of this nature which was not marked by
a certain dissimilitude of handwriting. I :
therefore attributed to the dissimulation
the differences I was careful to note in
, my report. I must inform the court that
in view of the fact that handwriting which
was not produced in 1594, and which is cvi- |
dently akin to the handwriting of the bor
; dereau, .as the handwriting of Dreyfus,
has since been submitted to me, I cannot i
maintain with the same degree of certain-
ty the 'conclusions of my former report,
and I can only make one statement, name-
ly, that those two handwritings resemble
the bordereau. ;:'.;•*
"I should, however, point out one of the
typical dissimilarities upon which 1 laid
stress in the writing of the bordereau and
the documents submitted for comparison,
j namely, that the double 's' is not found
I between the bordereau and the new hand-
I writing. In other words, the double V in
the bordereau is found in Esterhazy's
j writing. . ,T. ..
After repeating the evidence he gave
■ the Court of Cassation M. Charavay de-
clared It was the new element, the' hand
i writing of Esterhazy, which led him to
declare he did not adhere to the conclu
sions in 1894. ' ..V: '•.*:•-..:.
In conclusion M. Charavay energetically
! protested against General Mercier'a ac-
cusations, adding that what convinced
! him that he had made a mistake in 1594
was the publication of Esterhazy's letters.
I the discovery of the Henry forgery, the
i inquiry of the Court of Cassation and Es
i terhazy's confession. The conscience of
the witness compelled him to say that in
1894 he was misled by similarity in hand
! writing.
"It is a great relief to my conscience,"
M. Charavay added, "to be able to say
j before you and before him who Is the vie
. Tim of my mistake that the bordereau is
not the work of Dreyfus but of Ester-
hazy."
M. Pelletier, another expert, prefaced
! his evidence by saying that he desired to
i make a definite statement on the point
I on which he was in entire disagreement
. with General Mercier. The latter had tes-
I tified that the witness refused to use cer- j
tain documents submitted to him for com-
parison, in common with the other ex-
perts, and said* he had been led to regard
M. PeUetier's work with some suspicion
because of certain incidents in which M.
Pelletier. being summoned to appear sim-
ultaneously in two different courts, had
written to both excusing himself on the
j ground of attendance at the other.
General Mercier declared this made him
I suspicious of M. PeUetier's report in favor
of Dreyfus, inferring that his failure to
I comply with the summons of the examin- ■
lng magistrates In November, 1594, was !
connected with his report, whereas his |
report, the witness pointed out, was ;
handed in on October 26.
"I have only to oppose facts to General .
Mercier's inferences," said M. Pelletier.
"On October 22 I was Intrusted with the
verification in question. I handed In my *
report October 26, and It was only in No-.
vember that 1 was summoned to undergo
cross-examination on a complaint lodged
by the military authorities. General Mer- I
cier. In short, had not the slightest reason
to suspect the conclusions which I had !
reached."
After replying to a question or two from
the court M. p. 11. tier continued: "After
settling this persona] matter there re
mains nothing but to maintain in their
entirety my conclusions to the effect that
there is no likeness between the writing
of the bordereau and that of the pris
oner."
Continuing, the witness said that after
a fresh superficial examination of the
Esterhazy and Dreyfus writings he ex
pressed the belief that the bordereau
could only be ascribed to Esterhazy.
M. Couard. the official expert in the Es
terhazy case in 1897, then testified that
he was Instructed by Major Ravary to
expertly examine the bordereau and speci
mens of Esterhazy's handwriting. The
witness Insisted upon experimenting with i
the original bordereau and specimens of !
Esterhazy's caligraphy. written by Ester
hazy In the presence of experts. Beyond
this the experts and Esterhazy had no
relations. The latter, therefore could not
have Influenced him and the witness pro
tested against M. Zola's accusation and
adhered to his opinion of 1897 that th©
bordereau was not the work of Esterhazy.
He (the witness) would wager his head
on this. (Daughter.)
The Government commissary. Major
Carriere arose and said: "I have handed
the court a letter regarding the health of
Colonel Dv Paty de Clam. It Indicates
that Dv Paty de Clam is writing his evi
dence and that he will send It to us.
That deposition has not arrived. I there
fore ask the president of the court to be
kind enough to instruct the reporter of
the second Paris court-martial to have
the evidence of Dv Paty de Clam taken
by a court commission."
The president of the court assented to
this and at 11:50 o'clock the court ad
journed for the day;
*
POPE LEO INTERCEDES
FOR THE PRISONER
Would Persuade French Jesuits to
Moderate Their Violence Toward
Dreyfus.
LONDON. Aug. 29.— The Tope, accord
ing to the Rome correspondent of the
Daily Mall, yesterday conferred with
Father Martin, the 'head of the Jesuits,
with the view of persuading the French
Jesuits to moderate their violence toward
Dreyfus, his Holiness being alarmed at
the trend of events In France.
The Rome correspondent of the Dally
Mall says: Colonel Panizzardl positively
declares that the initial "D" in the
"Canaille de D " document means Du
bois, which is an alias for Colonel dv Paty
de Clam. v
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
Mail says he learns on excellent author
ity that General Mercier will be prose
cuted In connection with the Dreyfus af
fair. P-- .;** ,*:--;-**
DUKE OF ORLEANS
LEAGUED WITH GUERIN
Such Is the Belief Said to Be Held by
the Police Authorities of
Paris.
NEW YORK. Aug. 28. -A Sun cable from
Paris says: The Courrler dv Soir says it
has learned of the importance which the
Government attaches to th? siege of the
house in the Rue de Chabrol in which the
anti-Semite leader, Guerin, and a number
of his friends have intrenched themselves
against the authorities. If true, it ex
plains the reason why the place was not
attacked days ago by the military.
The paper declares that the Government
believes that one of the pretenders to the
French throne, presumably the Duke of
Orleans, is in the house with Guerin, and
It wishes to capture him alive, in view of
the proof that his presence would furnish
of the monarchist conspiracy. If an as
sault should be made on the place It might
happen that the pretender would be killed.
and this the Government wishes to avoid.
Court's Sitting Resumed.
RENNES. Aug. 29.— When the Dreyfus
court-martial resumed its session this
morning Mercier and the other generals
were present as usual. Colonel Cordler,
who was deputy chief of the Intelligence
Bureau under Colonel Henry, testified to
the effect that Colonel Sandherr and not
Colonel Henry received the bordereau.
Found Dead in Bed.
WOODLAND. Aug. 28.— A special to the
Democrat, from Esparto says:. Ephraim
Stephens, a man about 60 years, of age,
was found dead in his room at this place
at an early hour this morning. He com
plained of feeling ill on Sunday evening
and took some medicine before he retired.
When he did not arise as usual this morn
ing Mrs. Stephens went to his room and
found his lifeless body lying on the bed.
It is not known at what time he died or
the cause of death. Dr. Craig of Capay
has been summoned to hold a post mor
tem examination and Coroner Bean from
Woodland to hold an inquest.
WIFE SLAYS
HUSBAND IN
JEALOUS RAGE
Thomas J. Cook, a Peatlands
Farmer, Shot While
He Slept.
HAD A BAD RECORD
♦
The Girl In the Case Flatly
Denies the Charges Made By
Mrs. Cook.
■ — ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ANA, Aug. 28.— Thomas J.
Cook, a Peatlands farmer, recently ac
quitted of the murder of Jasper Grlggs
by of the same place, was shot" and
killed by his wife Katie this morning.
Jealousy was the cause and trouble
had been brewing for some time. Cook
was one of the best-known men In the
county and had the reputation of being
a gun fighter and a reckless man. He
had resided in this county eighteen
years, and in that time had engaged in
a deadly fight with his brother, each
emptying his gun with intent to kill.
without harm resulting. For some
time he and his wife had been on ill
terms because of alleged Infidelity on
his part. '■ : .-
Cook was found this morning by
alarmed neighbors lying on a mattress
in his wife's room, with a bullet hole in
the corner of his right eye, stone dead.
The wife says Cook went out last night
[ and did not come home until 3 o'clock
jin the morning. When he returned she
I upbraided > him for infidelity and was
| told to do the next best thing if sh-
I didn't like it. Cook threatened to do her
j bodily harm if she exposed him. They
; quarreled, and at length Cook fell
j asleep and his wife took a gun from
j beneath his pillow and shot him. The
| shot alarmed the hired man, who
aroused the neighbors.
The girl in the case is Mabel Moody,
apparently about IS years old, and the
daughter of a rancher living some two
I or three miles southeast of the Cook
j home. She flatly contradicts Mrs. Cook
] and also says that Mr. and Mrs. Cook
I quarreled almost incessantly, and that
; Cook accused his wife of being too inti
j mate with the hired man? /.:/"•",'.
Much interest is manifested over the
shocking tragedy as Cook, although a
. turbulent, reckless man, had many
-. friends who stood by him through the
', trial in which he was acquitted of the
| murder of Jasper Griggsbv, and who
: still stoutly aver his innocence of any
; thing more serious than justifiable
j homicide in that matter.
Mrs. Cook also has many friends in
! the neighborhood, where she is well
known a.-*- the daughter of J. H. Pope, a
prominent farmer of that section. She
Is Cook' second wife and is but 28 years
old and had been married to Cook for
nine years. Cook has one brother in
Tulare County and has no other known
relatives in this country. Mrs. Cook
was brought to this city is now at the
County Jail. The witnesses to be called
jat the inquest to-morrow , are James
: Barton, Mabel ; Moody. SG. Vf. . Moore
and W. M. mann. The preliminary
j trial is set for August 30. Prominent
I counsel has been retained to represent
: the prisoner. The defense will be emo
\ tional insanity and the feeling to-night
j is strongly in the woman's favor.
CHINAS EMPEROR FEARS
HE MAY BE POISONED
Declares That Treacherous Ministers
Who Hate Him May Attempt
to Destroy Him.
TACOMA, Aug. Oriental advices per
! steamer Tacoma state: The Emperor of
| China, Hwang Hsu, is now provided with
j three meals a day. at each of which he
! is only given two kinds of vegetables and
j a small bowl of rice. It Is even suspected
! that an attempt is being made to starve
| and make his Majesty even weaker than
he has been. To a confidential eunuch
his Majesty recently said:
"My restoration to power is only a
question of time, hence I am only "too
anxious to maintain my health and bide
my time. I am only afraid that the one
or two traitorous Ministers who hate me
may by their machinations succeed ln
destroying me, and I have no means of
counteracting their treachery."
A report has just come of a serious riot
In Chinese Thibet at a place called Paao
An, some 130 miles over the border from
! Kansu. The Christian and Missionary
! Alliance has had a station there for about
, two years or so. and this has been at
tacked and looted by the Thibetans. The
missionaries, the Rev. George T. Shields
i and wife; with Mrs. Mcßeth, barely es
caped with their lives to Lancheo. where
the China inland mission has workers.
This party of missionaries left Central
j China in the fall of last year and had
* consequently not been at Paao An for
more than a few months. The natives
had shown themselves . rather trouble
some, and to make matters worse the
Chinese officials, on being appealed to re
: fused to help or protect at all, and no
: doubt the riot was largely due to their
action.
BAR ASSOCIATION MEETS.
Session of the American Body in the
City of Buffalo.
. BUFFALO. N. V.. Aug. Judges,
statesmen and men of national promi
! nence composing the American Bar Asso
| ciation met in the Aldermanlc Chamber
< of the Common Council to-day and were
I welcomed to the city by Sherman S. Rog
-1 ers of the local bar association and Wal
! ter S. Logan of the State Bar Associa
j tion. Concluding his speech, Mr. Logan
! said: .*- • y*
"I welcome you to the State of Governor
: Roosevelt— Roosevelt the Rough Rider
I and Roosevelt the president of the Civil
| Service Commission. We welcome you to
i the State of Hamilton and Jay, of Kent
I and Van Buren. of Tilden and Cleveland;
! to the State which delights to honor Its
I best and foremost citizens."
In the absence of President Joseph H.
Choate, Embassador to the Court of St.
James. Senator Charles F. Manderson of
' Nebraska, as acting president, delivered
1 his annual address. In connection with
his address Senator Manderson read a
i letter from President Choate. under date
Jof London. August IT. In speaking of the
I study of comparative legislation which is
! now In progress between the United
| States and the most enlightened foreign
nations. Mr. Choate says:
"The law's delays, which seem to be
constantly on the increase, may well en
gage the earnest attention of the asso
ciation, and no opportunity should be lost
to counteract the Inevitable tendency to
elaborate procedure and unnecessarily
multiplied appeals which - cause a large
proportion of. these delays."
The acting president was instructed by
resolution to cable Embassador Choate,
extending the greetings of the association
and regretting his absence.
Adolph Moses of Chicago presented the
memorial of the Illinois Bar Association
■ for the creation of John Marshall day.
I February 4. 1901. The chair. was instructed
j by resolution to appoint a committee of
fifteen on the subject.
Will Open a Creamery.
WOODLAND. Aug. 28.— A. A. Osborne.
' manager of the Dixon Electric Light and
Water Company, made a thorough exam
ination of the Woodland creamery to-day.
He proposes to establish such an industry
In connection with his other enterprises in
! Dixon. '-'. ".xr]
■ . ■ ♦ i
Every, home should have a copy of
The Call's splendid Souvenir Edition.
WELLMAN
ARRIVES IN
ENGLAND
Arctic Explorer Tells of His
Voyage in Search of
the North Pole.
>
MET PARTIAL SUCCESS
c
Believes He Would Have Pene-
Believes He Would Have Pene
trate! to the Polar Sea but
for an Accident.
— • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HULL, England. Aug. Walter Well-
man, the leader of tUe Wellman Polar ex- |
pedition, who returned to Tromsoe, Nor- ;
way. August 17, after having successfully j
completed operations in Franz Josef Land, '
has arrived here. IJe walks with the aid
j of crutches, his right leg. which was se-
! riously Injured by a fall into a snow-coy-
| ered crevasse while Mr. Wellman was
, leading his party, still being useless. The i
i explorer was accompanied by the Ameri- i
! can members of the expedition, who are
i well. In an Interview Mr. Wellman said:
"The object of the expedition* was two-
i fold— to. complete the exploration of Franz
Josef Land, of which the north and
northeast parts were practically unknown,
and to reach a high latitude, or even the
pole itself. The hrst object was success-
fully accomplished. The second would
have been achieved, at least to a greater
extent than by previous explorers, but
for the accident to myself."
Mr. Wellman recounted the starting of
the expedition from Tromsoe June 26,
1898, how it reached Elmwood, the head-
quarters of the Jackson expedition, July
?S, and hoisted there the stars and stripes
i underneath the Union Jack, which had'
I been flying over the deserted settlement
] for nearly two years. The provisions left
; tor Professor Andree, the missing aero-
i naut, were found "by Mr. Wellman un-
] touched.
After leaving letters about his expe
dition and taking a collapsible house with
him, Mr. Wellman proceeded due east
i for Cape Tegethdff and arrived there July
30, TS9S. There the party landed all the
; stores and the steamer returned to Nor-
, way.
"We established our headquarters in the
: little house brought from Jackson's head-
quarters," continued Mr. Wellman, "over
i which, flew the Stars and Stripes.
"Desiring to push further north with
I the greatest speed. I dispatched Baldwin
! August 6, with the Norwegians, sledges,
I dogs and boats, myself and others intend-
! ing to follow in a few days.
"Shortly after Baldwin's departure, I
; discovered that, owing to a sudden break
[ up of the ice. 1 was unable to proceed, but
«I sent two Norwegians to inform Bald-
win to build his outpost, leave two men
; in charge of it, and return to my head-
quarters."
Here Lieutenant Evelyn B. Baldwin of
j the bureau told of The doings of his ex-
[ pedition. He said:
- "September 21 my party reached Cape
I Heller, in latitude Sl, where we decided to
; make an outpost.' From the very outset
. we had a constant fight with the high
: seas, ice and wind, and there was a con-
; tinual fog. The Ice underneath us parted
* with terrific crashes, leaving us adrift on
■ small floes. Here we built a station and
j called it Fort McKinley. We stocked it
i with blubber and meat, and leaving there
i two volunteers, Ventzen and Biorvlg, I
i started to return October 22 to Mr. Well-
j man's headquarters, arriving there Octo-
I ber 30 in safety, in spite of great hard-
! ships, cold, darkness and ice.
« "The . party spent the winter comfort-
j ably in H^rmsworth House, which was
completely nuried in snow. They killed
I many bears.
"Mr. Wellman, . February 18. 1899, with
j Norwegians with sledges and dogs,- start-
ed north." ■•-„ .
Mr. Wellman, continuing, said: "Feb
ruary 26, 1890, I arrived at Fort McKin-
ley. Bjorvig, rifle in hand, stood at the
j mouth of the snow tunnel. He wrung my
haryi and with tears in his eyes said:
'Poor Ventzen is dead.' »;•.
" "Of course, you have burled him,' I
said.
" 'No,' Bjorvig replied, lie lies there.*
pointing to the 'hut. 'I have kept my
, promise.' .x_X2
"The two men had made a compact that
In case of death the survivor should keep
! the body until help came. In the little
j hut the quick and the dead had slept side
:by side through two months of Arctic
: darkness.
"Bjorvig said he had managed to keep
: up his spirits by reciting Ibsen's poetry.
"The next day we gathered stones and
: under these we buried our dead comrade.
! A few fitting words were spoken as we
1 ; stood around ln 70 degrees of frost. After
' ; a delay of ten days the party. Including
Bjorvig, pressed north In sledges and by-
march until we reached S2 degrees, east
!of Rudolph Island. The prospects then
were most reassuring. We had three
I months of the best season before us and
| were confident of reaching 87 degrees.
1 Though we had suffered from cold we
; I were all In fine form.
"Then a seemingly trivial accident turned
- the advance into a precipitate retreat.
; While struggling with the sleds in rough
: : ice my right leg was bruised and sprained
by my falling Into a hidden crevasse. For
' ! two days I went on, and unless other cir-
! cumstances bad occurred 1 should
have pressed onward so far that I would
never have been able to return alive. At
: | midnight. March 22. we were awakened
, by the crushing of the Ice under our feet.
I tailor-maw^ 1
i \ vs suitsl lO*2 l
R after you have *^*» mw%o is^r ft
R worn a suit for some time that you are able to
H worn a suit for some time that you are able to fll
k see whether or not the suit will give you your fl
■ We expect everyone of these $10 suits to Em
1 fulfill its requirement — if it does not you are gg
5 Money returned if you want it ; or Igg
ffl Suit kept in repair free for one year. g|
Sl Write for samples — we give them freely II
I-*0 S. N. WOOD & CO. J
fi 718 Market and I]
im Cop. Powell and Eddy. jj
It swayed end *4eep^rrexJces;y«^ftfl<J «**"?£
us. Several "dogs and sledges were
crushed. In the darkness and storm it
was Impossible to see a path of saretj.
Expecting to be overwhelmed at any mo-
ment by the ice, we scrambled over the
field of"ice and saved most of our equip-
ment, except the dog food, reaching a
place of safety in a -hour.
"Our brave Norwegian comrades did not
express the slightest fear. While it was
possiU'e to go on for a time my leg now
demaiMed a retreat. For two or three
days I stumbled along until I fell. There
was nothing to do then but get on a
sledge and be dragged back to headquar
ters by the men and the dogs. Forced
marches by my devoted comrades saved
my life. Z-. -."
"The point at which we turned back was
twenty-five miles northwest of Freeden
Islands, where Dr. Nansen tended in 1895.
North of these islands we photographed
three islands and some large land unseen
either by Payer or Nansen. We also
found that Payer's so-called Dover
glacier does not exist.
"I still believe it is possible to reach the
pole by Franz Josef Land, but I cannot
say if I shall make another effort."
After Mr. Wellman's return to Harms-
worth House April 9th Baldwin and four
Norwegians went out to Wilczek Land.
, charting the unexplored east coast and
discovering a new ice-covered island ex-
tending to 64 degrees east, almost as large
as Wilczek Land. They named it Graham
Bell Land, after the president of the
American Geographical Society. 3aldwln
returned to the base April 30th.
A. Harlan of the United States Coast
Survey also took a separate trip before
the reunited exposition sailed July 27th
on the steamer Capella.
A fairly complete survey of the archi
pelago has been prepared by Mr. Wellman
and his party. They all show traces of
hardship. Their fares are pale and drawn
and Wellman is much thinner than form
erly. His right leg is drawn up a foot
from the ground and it is not known
whether he will ever again use it. He will
consult a specialist in London Imme
diately. Otherwise he Is In good health
and spirits.
On board the El Dorado, the Norwegian
mail boat which brought the party to
Hull. Mr. Wellman was the center of at-
traction and on arriving at Hull, the pas-
sengers gave him a cordial send off.
The party proceeded immediately to
London, where they arrived this after-
noon.
PRESIDENT JORDAN IS
BACK AT PALO ALTO
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 28.—
President Jordan returned to the univer
sity to-day after a four weeks' camping
trip in the Kings River Canyon and among
the mountains of the high Sierras. He
was accompanied by Mrs. Jordan and by
the other members of the party—
fessor and Mrs. E. P. Cubberly, Pro-
fessors George M. Richardson, V. L. Kel
logg, G. H. Marx, A. V. Babine and Mr.
Swain and Mr. Jarnick. All the members
of the party are in the best of health.
The party camped most of the time in
the upper valley of the Kings River amid
wonderfully beautiful forests, making oc
casional excursions to the regions above
the snow line. They climbed a number or
high mountains, the highest and most re
markable in the view from it being Mount
Stanford, climbed first and named by Pro
fessor B. C. Brown of Stanford In 1896.
President Jordan climbed three peaks
that had not previously been ascended
and the other members of the party
climbed still others. He also prepared a
special map of the Mount Brewer Basin
and its surroundings, while Professor
Kellogg prepared several additions to the
maps of the other parts of the region.
Professor Brown discovered and mapped
a large basin containing many lakes which
region had hitherto been left blank on the
maps. -Wrtß '-'-..-
Another Stanford party was under the
direction of E. B. Copeland '9,", a member
of the faculty of the Chico Normal School.
but just selected to the chair of botany in
the University of West Virginia. Copeland.
accompanied by Maxwell Adams of
Stanford and Mr. Henderson, a Uni
versity of California graduate, all
of Chico. climbed the very high
i point. hitherto inaccessible. at the
junction of the King and Kern divide
with the main Sierras. To this he official
ly gave the name Junction Peak, deposit
ing the pass cylinder of the Sierra Club
on its summit, with appropriate records.
From the University of California Pro
fessor J. N. T.e Conte. with a company.
was in the same canyon and made "many
ascents besides numerous observations
and records tending to perfect the maps
previously published by the Sierra Club.
EIGHTH DISTRICT FAIR.
PLACERVILLE. Aug. 88.— twenty
fifth annual fair of the Eighth District
Agricultural Association will begin In
this city to-morrow. Already more ex
hibltors'have applied for space in the pa
vilion than at any previous fair given by
the association. The horticultural ex
hibits promise to be particularly fine, and
a splendid mining exhibit showing the
rapid strides that are being made in the
pioneer industry of the historic old
county will be an attractive feature of
the fair.
Weddings at Sausalito
SAUSALITO. Aug. 28— This town has a
marriage record for the past week rivaling
that of the regular bureau at San Rafael.
Rev Father Valentin!. Justice Bellrude
and Recorder Simpton have all tak«n a
hand in the tying of nuptial knots.
On Sunday Miss Katie Zaro was united
to T. Bovinich of Sutter Creek: on Mon
day occurred the marriage of Miss Camil
la "Romero and John Miramontes; on
Wednesday Constable John K. Creed took
All Martha Regli of San Francisco for
weal or woe. and on Thursday Joseph H.
Shlppee and Miss Virginia Blennerhassett
stood up before the altar. Three more
weddings are scheduled for the Present
week The first, that of Samuel Black
•Tnd the youngest daughter of a well
known citizen cf Sausalito. will take
place to-morrow.
New Oil Company.
FRESNO. Aug. 2S.— An oil company was
formed to-day. capitalized at $100,000, In
which Mrs. Ph- I- Hearst is the prin
cipal stockholder. Her agent recently In
spected the oil territory and to-days
company is the result.
84
EAST
JUDGE BULL TO
BID FAREWELL
TO UNION PARK
— —
Well- Known Coursing
IVlan Going Home.
Man Going Home.
Judge E. J. Bull will officiate for the last
time at l'nion Park to-morrow. The well
known English expert has been in the
saddle since the opening -if the park and
his services have been appreciated by a
majority of the bettors constantly in at
tendance. tic will give way to John
Grace, whose fame as a coursing judge
has spread wherever greyhounds are run.
Rumor has it that Judge Bull is anxious
to return to his native land, but it is bo
lieved he will return to this city, a-s his
services are in demand.
In honor of Judge Grace taking the field
on Saturday $>>00 has been added to the
stake. This will make a purse of over
$1000 to be divided up among the speedy
dogs. *
The midweek stake was drawn in
midweek stake was drawn in
Pythian Castle last night. Forty dogs
were entered, and although they repre
sent the non-winners there are some
speedy greyhounds In the bunch and some
exciting racing should be witnessed when
they in slipped to-morrow, The winner
v. ill receive $50. the runner-up $3.*}, the
third $26; me next two $15 each, the next
five *7 ;<O, the next ten 92 50. Following
Is tfie result of the rawing:
W. Letcher names Sandow v.*. F. Schou B
Precede; W." H. Jones' Rustan vs. H. L. Tay
lor names Hounding Helle; ,i. Byrnes Nellie B
vs. Edwin V.ilsuii names Magi James
Byrnes' Olympus vs. K. L. Taj lor name \\ lid
Lassie' AY. 11. Joins' i'rince Jerome vs. R. 1..
Taylor' iii-itue.- Torment; !'. J. Healey'a I 'ay
Spring .-.. AY. Letcher names Bull Hill; P. C.
Blacks Fedora vs. .1. riyrnes' Eleven Spi I ; \\ .
H. Lord names Revolver vs. J. Jones- Moon
iigiet'; I). Cronln names Swinnerton ye. Pasha
Kennels' Random Aim; J. Jones' Gal I van t vs.
Moses London's Magneto; M. Michallk's Glen
tin- vs T. Hall's Nonpareil; E. Nally name*
White Diamond .-. H. 11., Grey's Terronctte;
K. E. de H. Lopez' Santa Rita vs. Pasha Ken
n-l>' Road Aii -nt: R. E. de B. Lopez Wonder
vs. F. A. McComb's Little Joker; Fred Roth
man's Justice vs. VV. Letcher names Soot Free;
A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. F. A. .v..'*. .nib's
Bonnie Scotland; F. A. McComb's Graziella
vs. R. W. Hikes Nancy R; J. Seggerson's
White Chief vs. Barker & Lyons names Diok
L; R L. Tavlor names Mose vs. Pasha Ken
nels'- May Hempstead; D J. Healey'a Maggie
N vs. K. E. cle B. Lopez, Winona
BROKE THE SUNDAY LAW
Valuable Fishing Nets Confiscated
Near the Sacramento River.
Deputy Game and Fish Commissioners
Davis and Cross have confiscated nearly
$800 worth of salmon nets, which have
been turned over to the ■-.: .- at Valle
jo. The seizures were made because of
the violation of the law which prohibits
the taking of salmon between sundown
on Saturday evening and sundown on
Sunday evening. The deputies suspected
that nets were in several of the sloughs
up the river and on Saturday night they
went in the State launch Quintal into
Montezuma Slough, where they waited
until a proper time to make a run through
those waters. After proceeding a short
distance they found a new net worth
about $350. of aliout 2400 feet in length.
This was taken on board.
A run was then made to what is known
as "the cut-off," where two more nets,
one new, if about 400 horns in length,
and the other of about 300 fathoms. Con
sidering the value of the property and
the fact that the fall run of salmon is
now on it is possible that the unknown
owners of the new nets may make appli
cation for their fishing rigs and take the
chances of being arrested, it' they do
they will surely fall into the clutch of
the law. for warrants have been sworn
out or them. If they can secure the
minimum line of $200 they will be getting
off lucky, but the chances are against
this, for the offense is likely to be tried
in the Superior Court, where less mercy
would be shown to the violators of the
law. .
TENNIS CHAMPIONS HERE.
Arrive Prom the East and Will Go to
Del Monte.
The tennis champions of America arrived
Inst night on the Central overland and are
at present stopping at the Palace Hotel.
Tlie party consists of George Wright of
the firm of Wright & Ditson; Beals C.
Wright, the scholastic champion: Hol
conibe Ward of Soul I Orange, N. J*. Mal
colm D. Whitman of Boston, the present
champion of the United States, and
Dwight P. Davis of St. Louis.
As jet no definite plans have been ar
ranged, but it Is very likely that the party
will leave for Del Monte this afternoon,
where they will remain until the doubles
championship tournament on September 9.
Exhibition games will he played among
the Easterners and match games be
tween the Eastern champions and the
Western cracks. The VVhitneys and
Hardys have been chosen to meet the vis
it.el.-.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Second day of the meeting of the Golden
Gate Fair Association, Monday, August 28, 1899. Weather fine. Track
good.
good.
FIRST RACE— 2:4O class, trotting; purse. $1000; mile heat.; three in five.
George W. Berry's Psyche, s. f., by Cupid-Emma B (]. W. Donathan) .3111
F. Menchaca's El Morn. blk. g., by Longworth-Anteeo (Menchaca) 12 2 2 2
Van de Venter Stock Farm's Tickets, b. g., by Conductor-Charleston (J. Sawyer) 3 18 4 6
Mcßrlar, b. «., by McKinney (J. Kirkland) 2 7 7 7 4
Hank, b. k.. by Vasto (R. Havey) ' 7 6 4 8 5
Kieanor Ann, b. in., by Illustrious (F. D. McGregor) 6 5 6 5 3
Juan Chico, s. g., by Bay Rum (C. Rodriguez) 5 4 6 6 7
Time— 2:2o, 2:20V4, 2:2o>i, 2:23, 2:23.
SECOND RACE— 2:IB class; pacing; purse, $1000; mile heats: two In three.
■A. 11. Lumsden'a Roblet, b. m., by Robin by Nutwood (R. Havey) .....11 8 11
P. H. Qulnn's John A, br. s., by Wayland \V by The Grand Moor (J. gulnni... 12 5 2
riictatress. s. in., by Dlctatua (S. E. Kent) 5 3 2ro
Billy Baker, b. g.. by Sllkwood -li GarnFey) 9-6 3 r.'o.'
.'lipp'r, b. g., by Diablo (C. A. Durfee) 3 6 7 r.o.
Alta Dell, h. m., by Handell (J. Sawyer) 4 11 4ro
irvlngton Boy, s. a, ).-.- Nutwood Wilkes (Cecil) _. 7 4 6 r.'o!
Connie, b. m., by Ketctium (J Baker) 6 12 liro'
Doc Wilkes, b. g., 1. Manitvino Wilkes (Bigelow) .' 8 7 8 rio"
Goldle, m g.. untraced (E. Lafferty) 12 9 9 r.o.
Butcher Boy, s. g., by Secretary (J. Cuircello) -. 10 10 10 ro
El Diablo, s. 5.,. by Diablo (L. J. Fenton) .* 2 1 dr
Time 2:1".',. »:!«%, 2:18%, 2:20>4.
$ig Stents in the Sporting World.
PSYCHE BOTH
GAME AND A
GREAT STAYER
Won the 2:40 Class
Trot at Oakland.
— . —
The principal event of the second day's
programme of the Golden Gate Agricul
tural Society at Oakland track was the
2:40 class trot, which was captured after
a five-heat strue-gle by Psyche, the trim
: looking and game daughter of Cupid.
George Berry had the mare conditioned to
! the hour, and with the veteran "Bill"
Donathon holding tne ribbons, her ad-
; mirers spread their coin about the ring
iin profusion. A stanclfkfavorite through-
out for the different "heats, she gave her
l backers some cause for alarm, by finish-
ing fourth and third, respectively, in the
first two trials around the elliptic. Then
the sorrel mare settled down to her work
and with only the shadow of a "Jimmy"
! while*- rounding the back stretch turn,
j reeled off three heats very Impressively
In 2:20^4. 2:23. 2:2,'!. Tickets, th. Oregon
horse, with "Farmer" John Sawyer in the
bike, had a bis* following, but found the
company too rapid. After finishing third
j to El Moro and Mcßriar in the opening
! heat, the Conductor gelding did manage
to take the second heat, but after this.
was trotted to a standstill by Psyche. El
M ro, a son of Longworth, the opening
heat winner, was a la to 1 chance in the
books, and desperately fought out every
heat, finishing second on the four succeed-
ing occasions.
The attendance shows a derided ten-
. dency to "pick up" and no doubt there
: will be large crowds during the balance
;of the meeting. Roblet turned up winner
j of the 2:18 pace and The Scot, Twinkle
Twlnk and Homestake were successful ln
the running events.
Driver Dick Havey sprung the sur-
prise of the afternoon in the pace with
the Santa Rosa horse ■ Roblet. A big
field of twelve scored down for the word
In this number, with Billy Baker drawing
the pole position. The 3:OP-%. made by
Clipper in a winning race at the recent
Santa Rosa meeting made that horse the
hottest sort of a favorite. Handled by
Charley Durfee. the Diablo horse was
unsteady In the first heat, and besides
drew a bsW position. However, he showed
such phenomenal speed the last half that
! it only mad.- his constituents more con-
fident, even though finishing third, the
heat going to John A, a 6. t0 1 choice. In
: the heal following EI Diablo, driven by
. Felton, earned the verdict after a dcs-
perate drive from John A. Clipper, a
1 to 2 choice, broke at the turn and was.
never prominent.
In the next heat Havey behind Roblet,
against which 20 to 1 was laid, stole the
inside position at the second turn by a
very clever piece of driving and was never
hard pressed, beating out Dlctatress with
something to spare. The conditions call-
ing for best two heats in three, all went
to the stable but John 4 and Roblet. The
latter rated a top-heavy favorite and led
from the word, stepping the mile in
--.■:>i\.
The first running event was ft six-fur-
long sprint for 2-year-olds, decided under
selling conditions. Backed from evens to
2 to 5, The Scot with Walsh up made a
runaway race of it. beating out Flush of
Gold over half a dozen lengths. Enjoy-
ment led out Champion Rose for the
show.
Al Martin thought Lost Girl tuned to
concert pitch, and with Eddie Jones on
I her back the crowd got aboard at odds
of .1 to 5 to win the mile runylt was the
mare's first race 'his season, and Jones
probably made too much early use of her.
for in a drive at the end Coburn slipped !
through next the rail with tin 8 to 1 snot
Twinkle Twlnk, winning by half a length
in l:42Vi. Donator was third.
Jones also piloted Homestake, winner
of the final seven-furlong scramble. Beat
ing his field away from the post the mare
was never headed, reaching the wire .two
lengths before P. A. Flnnegan. Fortls,
the first choice, ran fourth.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
The 2:18 Class Trot and the 2:12 Pace
Down for Decision.
The big 2:12 pace, with Hill Frazier, I
Direct and Beechwood among the entries,
is the feature of the card this afternoon.
The 2:18 class for trotters will also furnish
some rare sport.
The entries are as follows:
First race— Trotting; 2:18 class; purse $1000;
mile heats; two in three.
Addison. Daymont,
N'c-c-rata. Mamie Riley, .
*-'!].■. Ned Thorn,
Sable Francis, Central Girl,
Bonsallne, Our Lucky.
Shelby, I
Second race— Pacing; 2:12 class; purse $1000;
mile heats: two in three.
Beechwood, ! William Harold,
Don, Deceiver,
Hazel 11, Bill Frazier,
I Direct, ; Florncita.
Arthur W, !
Third race Running; maiden two-yen
eleven-sixteenths of a mile.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1899.
LOCAL PUGILISTS TO
FIGHT IN STOCKTON
? FRANK RAPHAEL, Who Is Matched to Box Ruf Turner.
♦ ♦ ♦ —»*-■♦-♦-*♦-»-♦ ♦*>♦♦♦ ■» ♦ ♦ » <i ♦-*$- *-&-*-& -♦-€
TWO boxing matches were made yesterday that will attract a great deal of
interest In the sporting world. Frank Raphael, the local lightweight, who
recently returned from Klondike with new fistic laurels and plenty deal of
interest In the sporting world. Frank Raphael, the local lightweight, who
recently returned from Klondike with new fist ie laurels and plenty of gold
dust, will meet Ruf Turner, the colored wonder, before the Stockton Ath
letic Club on September 19, and "Cocker" Tweedie, the Australian whirl-
wind, will box Sammy Maxwell before the same club on September 23. As
both goes will be pulled off during fair week it is expected that they will attract
large bouses.
Raphael and Tweedie left last night for the scene of their contests In company
with Tim McGrath, the well-known trainer. The men will Immediately go into
training tinder the watchful eye of McGrath. Raphael Is so confident of victory
that he has backed himself to the extent of $1000. Turner has easily found back
ing for the same amount. Besides fighting for a percentage of the gate receipts,
a generous side bet will tempt the lightweights to renewed exertions, and a splen-
did bout will result.
Raphael Is even now in splendid trim. The hard work he has done In the
northern regions and the excellent care he has taken of himself has left him in
good, enough condition to enter the ring at a moment's notice. Refore he left this
city for Alaska he had defeated Sammy Maxwell and other well-known men. and
while in Dawson be cleaned up large sums by getting draws with Pat Rooney, a
heavy-weight, Dick Agnew of New York and'knocking out other men. Last spring
he fought Agnc^w again and secured the decision in the eleventh round, the referee
stopping the bout and declaring him the winner. The sum he realized in that
fight was one of the largest ever received by a lightweight, it being $3200— loser
taking $1600. If successful in his bout with Turner, Raphael intends going East
with McGrath and taking on some of the leaders In his class. He claims he Is feel
ing stronger than ever before in his life and is confident he will make a good
showing. • .
McGrath will join Joe Kennedy, and will assist "Spider" Kelly In training the
local heavy-weight for his bout with Maher.
Tweedie and Maxwell will fight for a percentage of the gate receipts. "Cocker"
swears that he will train hard for the contest, as he knows he has a hard man In
Maxwell. He Is in need of funds and promises to give a good account of him
self. Maxwell has improved wonderfully since his bout with Raphael some years
ago. and will undoubtedly make it warm for Tweedie. It is probable that many of
the local sports will run up to Stockton and witness both goes, as the men are good
ringsters. They will all fight at 135 pounds.
.. Jolly Britton 95; .. Halifax 113
.. Julelta. 105, lEI Arte 105
.. Tagalong 11" 1 Sunello 110
.. Druidess 105 4 Royal Bengal 113
.. Azor 11"! IMy Gypsy 110
.. Calcum 110 4 Expedient 105
Fourth race ßunning; three-year-olds and
upward; selling; seven-eighths of a mile.
5 Widow Jones 107. ..Don Luis 109
..Sea Spray IQ9| 6 Roadrunner 112
6 N.evia - 1071 S Lost Girl 107
.. Ping 109 6 Lovdal 112
2 Jack McCabe....lo2|
Fifth race— Running: three-year-olds and up
ward: selling; eleven-sixteenths of a mile.
3 San Augustine. ..lo3 .. Amnsa 104
.. Shellac 102 (2)Kngea 95
5 Horatio 101! .. Tlburon 103
(3) Polish 104 3 Chihuahua 101
.. Yule 99. .. Mldlove 95
.. Anchored 94 1 3 Beau Monde 104
2 Nuncomar 101 6 February 11l
2 Seven Up 11«, 6 Major Cook 115
.. Roadwarmer — 101 1
Local Turf Items.
The racing will begin at 1:30 o'clock at
Oakland to-day.
On Wednesday there will be a stock pa
rade in the forenoon.
After winning the second heat of the
pace, El Diablo pulled up so lame that the
Judges allowed him to be drawn.
It if said that Tommy Keating offered
$5000 for Clipper. last winter. The offer
was refused.
In "Monk" Coburn, the firm of Atkin &
Lottridge are ape to have the making of
another good rider. He put up a very
creditable ride astride Twinkle Twink.
Neerata, a starter in the 2:18 trot this af
ternoon, is pronounced* a corker. She
stepped two heats In a winning race at
Santa Rosa in 2:13%, 2:12%.
The well-known turfman, Dr. Rowell.
has been appointed official veterinary oi
the California Jockey Club. He has exam
ined all of the horses now quartered at
Oakland track and reports them free
from disease. As the Eastern horses ar
rive they will also be compelled to pass
muster— a very wise precaution on the
part of the Oakland association.
Jockey Jimmy Bozeman, reinstated
some two months ago by the Turf Con
gress, is on his way back here from Chi
cago. He will be seen in the saddle at
Sacramento.
Duffy, the Montana rider, thinks he has
a kick coming. About two years ago he
was suspended by Captain Rees at Ingle
side for an indifferent ride. Last summer
Duffy received what he supposed to be a
conditional reinstatement, permitting him
to ride in Montana. It now transpires
that the reinstatement was an uncon
ditional one, and now "he Is wondering
why he did not become aware of the fact
last winter.
A carload of horses arrived at Oakland
track from St. Louis on Sunday night,
several different owners being repre
sented. 8. N. Holman brought over old
Benamela and Indro. Tom Boyle after an
unsuccessful trip came back with Ace,
Moringa and an Artillery colt. He later
shipped to Sacramento. Billy Randall's
string consisted of Ostler Joe. Montanus,
Miss Rowena and Balista. Jockey Devln,
under contract with Boyle, rode at Oak
land yesterday.
SENSATIONAL RACING.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— The best race
] at Sheepshead Bay to-day was the Au
tumn maiden stakes for 2-year-olds, in
which there was a spectacular tlnish.
i Ten Candles was -the favorite and With
ers a strong second choice. The favorite
j made all the running up to the last six-
I teenth, when Ildrim and Iroquois Belle
I caught up to him. Then on the outside
came the added horse Elfin Conig, and
I in a driving finish the four finished heads
j apart, so close that none but the judges
I could separate them. .They gave the first
money i,, Elfin Conig, who was at 60 to 1,
i while Ten Candles got second.
In the Flying handicap nearly every
horse in the race was well backed.
Acushla went to the front at the fall of
the Hag and raced there to the half,
when Toluca joined her and in a few sec
onds Toluca was in front and won easily
With Hellobus, hard driven, in the place.
j Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Bendoran won,
: St. Calatlne second. Jinks third. Time,
1:07 2-5.,
One mile, selling — Oharentus won. Sky
Scraper second, Calathee third. Time,
1:40 2-6.
The Autumn, Aye furlongs— Elfln Conig won,
Ten Candles second, Ildrim third. Time,
1:02 2-5.
The Flying handicap, six furlongs— Toluca
won, Hellobus second. Lady Lindsey third.
Time. 1:14.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Bound
Lee won, Fluke second, Angle third. Time,
1:08 1-5.
One mile and a furlong, on turf— Decanter
won, Glorian second. Maid of Harlem third.
Time, 1:55.
Grouse From Lassen County.
D. E. Allison, a commission merchant at
Front and Washington .streets, was ar
rested yesterday by Deputy Game and
Fish Commissioner 'C, A. Vogelsang for
violating the game laws, which prohibit
having grouse in possession before the
opening of the season, which begins on
September 1. Allison had a lot of grouse
in his store last Saturday that had been
shipped to him from Lassen County. He
was very angry at Mr. Vogelsang, whom
he took for the Commissioner, and
threatened to make things so hot for him
that he would have to resign.
WEST
SARAH S WINS
BY A NOSE IN A
FURIOUS DRIVE
»
Exciting Finish at Nut-
wood Park.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DUBUQUE. lowa, Aug. 2s.— Four races,
aggregating $11,000 in value, were the at
tractions at the opening day of the Nut
wood Park meeting. The following were
the winner's:
2:15 trot, $3000, won by Sarah S of Con
ger, V;i.
Three-year-old pace, $3000, won by Ri
ley B of Missouri.
2:12 pace, $3000, won by Fannie Dillard
Of Cleveland. .
2:40 trot, $2000, won by Black Robert of
Berlin, Wis.
In the 2:15 trot ten horses started
Sarah S took the race in straight heats
the second heat furnishing the only work
for her. She won that heat by a nose in
a furious drive from Kilda, with Aggie
Medium a close third.
The three-year-old pace started with
Click a winner of the first heat in the
fast lime of 2:10%. At the half-mile post
in the second Glick fell- and was with
drawn. Riley B took the second, fourth
and fifth heats and the race.
The- third was also won by Riley B. but
the judges set her hack to fourth place
for swerving badly i: the etch.
In the 2:12 pace Fannie Dillard pulled
from the outside in the second heat. She
fell back in the third, but in the fourth
she repeated the trick and took the de
ciding fifth heat With ease.
The 2:30 trot wont to Black Robert in
Straight heats. 11.- led from start to fin
ish in all three beats idol • won hands
down.
To-morrow the Mors.- Review Fu
turity stake will be run off. The purse
aggregates $20,000. The. probable starters
number twelve, as follows:
Rita E. Lua. My Trick. Crystaline, Ima
Electrite, Gracie Onward. idolita, Ex
tacv, XL's Brother, Miriam Logan, Red
Arthur; Carbine. The purses to-morrow
will aggregate $26,080.
In the pooling to-night Idolita ruled a
strong favorite with Rita I*: a well-played
second choice.
To-day' attendance of nearly 10,000 peo
ple, perfect weather and a good .rack as
sures a most successful meeting.
Summary: ]■-'■-■
The Allison, 2:15 class trot, purse $3000,
Sarah S won In straight heats, Aggie Me
dium second. Cutting third. Time, 2:11,
2:09%. -2:09%. Kilda. Parobelle, Ellert;
Heir Medium. Bogi nia. Dr. Book and Jo
sephine Dixon also started.
The Henderson, three-year-olds, pace,
nurse J ■■• 0 Riley B won second, fourth
and fifth heats. Time. 2:13%, 2:13, 2:18*.
Dr. lowers Hill won the third heat in
2:13% and was second; Ermine Electrite
third; Plumb Line also tinished. A. J.
Glick, distanced in second heat, won first
heat it- 2:10%. „o, '
The Milwaukee, 2:12 pace, purse $3000, I
Fannie I lllard won second, fourth and
fifth heats. Time. 2:09%. 2:09%. 2:12. Susie
T won third heat in 2:09% and was second.
Birch Twig won first heat in 2:08% and
was third. Minnehaha, Lord Rosebery,
Jennie Mack, Ding, Byzantine and A X
also started.
2:40 class trot, purse $2000, Black Robert
won in straight heats. Time. 2:1..%. 2:14%;
2:16%. Chain Shot. second, Escobar third.
Cory sands also started.
Fish for Paris
W. W. Foote, one of the Commissioners
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I have demonstrated the fact that
weaknesses of men, the result < «i early
or later indiscretions, such as Drains,
Lame Back.' Varicocele, etc., will not i
yield to a stimulating treatment. This
accounts for the fact that drugs never
euro. The medicines given for these !
troubles, essentially poisonous, are in- ■
tended only to stimulate. Continuous
stimulation . must result in harm.
Thousands of patients have said to j
me: "Doctor, when I took this or that I
medicine 1 felt better in an hour, but
after a month my weakness returned,
and I was worse off than ever." "Bet-
ter in an hour" means a powerful stim-
ulant, means a wrecked constitution.
' Electricity is strength.
That's what you want — strength, not
stimulation. Electricity will never
cure in a day. it does not cure in a
week. It takes two months,- it may
take three, but the results are there
to stay. I am the inventor and intro-
ducer of the famous Dr. Sanden Elec-
tric Belt, with attachment for men. It
embodies the best efforts of my 30
years as a specialist. Worn at night,
it strengthens you when you sleep.
Current acts upon Liver, Kidneys,
Stomach, Bladder, Prostate Gland
and all weakened parts. It weighs but
five ounces. Currents instantly felt.
Over 5000. cures during 1898.
Drop in at my oflice to-day, if possi-
ble, and consult me free of charge, or
write for free book, "Three Classes of
Men," which explains all. Sent in plain
sealed envelope.
DR. T. A, SANDEN,
18 THIRD STREET,
SAN FKANCISCO, CAL.
Office Hours, 9 to 6. Sundays, 11 to 1.
—I » ■ ■■— — W
25 PER CENT SAVED lj
■nxm By placing your order for j
k SUL clothes -with t
I JT JOE POHEIM.
iwsx*Nx Best all-wool suits I
! BySfa tti. order from Ijtirt.ftll I:
i rar^lSkS Stylish cut pants Irom g
JbmaMMg& Perfect tit and^ good f
H- fJOE POHEIM. »
ft>. order from eflff.so
Stylish cut panta tp in
workmanship guaranteed ;
tiw^-X ."amples free on applica- V
WBflV ■ 2<>i-203 Montgomery I
ffinffi street. San Francisco. B
i ll»I IVI 1110-1112 Market X
1 Xl 18 street, San Francisco. B
ill ra lOlt a,,, h i ton E
Km \1 street, Oakland. I
S^fc/VA 143 - South Spring E
*>-- street, . L,os Angeles. gj
illTlilW lit ll— Mi li 111 l ii jhiilHH MB
Weak Men and Women
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
, strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
who will represent this State at the Paris
International Exposition, visited the
State Fish and Game Commissioners yes
terday for the purpose»'of making arrange •
ments for sending to Paris a collection |
of California's game and food 'fishes. He
has one complaint to make and that is
that the space allotted for this purpose
is inadequate for the size of the display
contemplated. So far only two cases, 7x9
x 2 feet each in size, have been given, and
these would be filled by about four of the
larger fish of California waters. A rep
resentative of the commission has gone
ahead to see if more room can be ob
tained. The State commission promises
to do all in its power to assist in mak
ing a fine collection.
BROOKLYN WINS.
Pittsburg Defeated After a Good
Game Lasting Ten Innings.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet Clubs— W. L. Pet
Brooklyn ...74 35 .673 Chicago 57 56 .504
Boston 68 42 .613 Pittsburg ...56 56 .500
Philadelpha 70 44 .614 New Y0rk. ..50 61 .450
Baltimore ..65 43 .602 1 Louisville ..49 61 .445
Cincinnati ..62 47 .5*9 (Washington .38 73 .341
St. L0ui5.... 63 53 .543 [Cleveland ...19 96 .160
PITTSBURG, Aug. 28.— Brooklyn won in the
tenth inning with five hits. The features of
the game were Williams' gilt-edge third base
play, Keeler's batting and Jones' wonderful
catches in right. Attendance 3000. Score:
Club's— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 4 13 . 1
Brooklyn 7 17 0
Batteries— Sparks and Schriver: Dunn and
McGuire. Umpires— Gaffney and Latham.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 28.— The Orioles played
miserable ball to-day and the locals won in a
walk. Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Cincinnati 12 II -
Baltimore * W '7
Batteries— Breltensteln and Piatt; Nops and
Robinson. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. 28.— Chick Frazer pitch",.
great ball against his old comrades to-day,
. holding them down to thret scattered singles.
' The Phillies gave a gitat exhibition of long
distance hitting. Attendance 1000. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E
Clubs- R- H. E
Louisville 0 » i
\ Philadelphia ...: l- 16 ; "
Batteries—Philippi and Zimmer; Frazer and
When requested, the Presorts mentioned in this column will send you circu-
lars giving full information regarding special advantages, rates. man-
lars giving full information regarding special advantages, rates, man-
ncr of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
| ■ ■
GO TO
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Red :ced Summer Rates.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street
BAN FRANCISCO.
niRHIAA HOT SPRINGS. _ This
li 01 Ufl IV 3 I beautiful summer and
r fc£ 13 Is! 8 a\l I winter resort, now
I fßliniW cwned and managed by ,
DR. J PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
150 miles south of Pan Francisco. In the Coast
Rant-" Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
foes. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot I
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds:
I comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
: hunting and fishing; grand scenery: lovely
walks nnd drives. Special rates to families oc-
| cupying entire cottages, or invalids cr others
! remaining more than one month. Trains dally :
from#Th!rd and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m. ;
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by .
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $S. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT, M.D. Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office. 536 Sutter St., S. tr.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
—
THE best Deer Hunting, Mineral Waters,
Baths and accommodations in Lake Coun-
ty can be had at Highland Spring.".
Fall terms, $10 to $12 per week. Come while
j the hunting Is good. 3. CRAIG, Manager.
Byron Hot Springs
RHEUMATISM
Cured by the Hot Mineral Batiks.
There Is Nothing Like Tljem Known.
Addr<-=v, A BETTON'S, at the spr'.ngs, or
I Address A. BETTON'S, at the spr'.ngs, or
call on LOMBARD & CO., agents, room
SO, 22*4 Geary st.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
ROBERTSON. FOR THE PAST FIVE
years at Paralso Springs, Proprietor and
Manager. ■•
Baths and water an ABSOLUTE CURE for
Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver and stomach
i Trouble.
I Trains leave Third and Townsend streets
dally 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
For pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OFT-N FOR THE SEASON APRIL 1. AM-
pie accommodations in hotel; also In new
cottages, just completed.
MRS. JA. T. MOORE.
4 BELVEDERE.
PLANTATION MOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO. ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of j
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address !
J. LUTTRIN'GER, Seaview. Sonoma County, \
or apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St.. S. F.. for
particulars.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Bewick. Siskiyou County. Cal )
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS. CAL. -STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
| roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor. .
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truekee River; pleasant sunny rooms: good
boating on lake: boats free to guests; prices
reasonable, $8 to $10 per week; special rates for
families. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY fUCaolfX AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. $t> to $10 per '
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG '
RESORT. Oakvllle, Napa County. Cal.
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORTc^ffi^ !
ing spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere: train i
to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office 630 Market. |
! McFarland. Umpires— and Dwyer.
CHICAGO Aug. 28.— The teams split even to
day ~*'vmyi»i' itAfig grjftltl^iri the first'
and Cowa, "With perfect '-sup pert, outclassing
Gettig in the second. New York played a Chi
cago prairie amateur named Martin at thirl,
who prove.] very effective with the stick.
Mertes' catch of a line drive in deep left and
perfect throw to first, completing a double
play, was one of the most marvelous feats seen
here this season. Attendance 1500. Score, first
came:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 4 9 3
New York 6 12 3
Batteries— Griflth and Chance; Seymour and
Wilson.
Score, second game:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Chicago 11 12 0
New York 3 12 4
Batteries— Cogan and Donahue: Getiig and
! Wilson. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
ST, LOUIS. Aug. 28.— St. Louis made seven
runs In the first two innings to-day, but Wash-
ington tied the score in the third inning by
slaughtering ruppy's curves. It was a feature-
less contest, in fact, the poorest played game
seen on the local grounds this year. Attend-
ance 700. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
St.Louis 12 13 1
Washington I*l 17 5
Batteries— Cuppy, Meßride, Young and .Cri-
ger; Weyhing and Roach. Umpires— Manassau
and Connolly.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 28.— Cleveland played its
usual same to-day and was beaten, Boston
landing heavily on Hughey in the first and sev
enth innings. Boston put up j a clean game.
Attendance 200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 7 6
Boston 8 - 1
Batteries— Hughey and Duncan; Willis and
Clarke. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
Striped Bass Seized.
C. A. Vogelsang, Deputy Game and Fish
Commissioner, made a seizure of small
striped bass at the ferry yesterday. The
law prohibits the taking or having in pos
session of bass under three pounds in
weight, and although there are plenty
of larger fish of this kind in the. rivers
and bay still the fishermen never throw
the smaller ones back into the water,
but prefer taking the chances of being ar
rested and losing the fish as well. Tho
fish secured yesterday were sent to the
Hebrew Orphan Asylum.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRIHGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY 4V4 HOUR 3
from San Francisco and but C miles' stag-
ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath ln State; swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, -telephone, tele-
graph, dally mail and express: FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $5 60. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:39
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $13 %
week. ' References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MTTLGREW. Prop.
../ETNA SPRINGS..
No fog, no mosquitoes, but sunshine, brac-
ing air and mineral, waters that banish rheu-
matism and bladder and kidney troubles.
Rates, $10 to $14 per week; S. P. to St. He-
lena at 7a. m. or 4 p. m. : private rig to
springs; round trip, $7. Apply W. L. MITCH-
ELL, Aetna Springs. Napa Co., or .T. H. SIMP-
SON, I. O. O. F. building. San Francisco.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, festt,,
Up In tlje mountalrjs, near the
lakes aod In tlje heart of Lal^e
County's mineral belt. TaX«
train via Ukiah).
ROUND TRIP-SO. 50.
i. MARTENS, Prop- City Office, 418 Pine Street.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A 'Charming Spot to V jit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truekee, In the heart of ths
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of.
an unbroken forest. The ideal spot for families
because lt is clean, no poison oak, no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MR3
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
Pi J?l CRAfI Most beautiful spot In Lake
VAnLijUAi; County. The mineral spring*
are famous for marvelous cares when all elsa
failed, especially ln stomach, liver, kidney and
Madder affection*. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad. Lake County.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better ln Lake Co.; gas Indoors and
out. H. AM BOLD
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
6AMUHL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP.. NAPA COUNTY.
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia, indigestion.
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located ln Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
te bottled at the springs and contains Its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, with one of the best
tables ln the county; $10 to $12 per week. Rour. I
trip. $9 £0. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON. Bertha. La ■■
County. Cal.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
San Francisco. Table under personal care of
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor. _
A FEW SUMMER; BOARDERS taken on a.
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade: me cookins:
good rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Calistoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
MANZ'ANITA Station, near Mill Valley-3 or *
rooms, with board; good accommodation* at
Manzanita Villa.
...DO WOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During; Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting Ih*
country, seaside cr springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for samj
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier
...TERMS... .„ .
15 Cents per Week
65 Cents per Month
+OSTACE PREPAID*LABOR BUREAU TURNED
OVER TO THE RAILROAD
F, V, Meyers of ' the Southern
Pacific Appointed Com-
missioner.
George A, Knight Is Named for Attorney of
the San Francisco Board of Health,
Directors of Deaf and Dumb
and Blind Institute.
THE Governor has appointed
George A. Knight of this city to
the office of Attorney of the
Board of Health, vice Garret Mc-
Enerney. The office is easy in the
respect that the occupant has nothing
to do but receive the salary which is
Bent to him every month. Originally
the attorney was obliged to personally
apply for his salary, but as this pro
ceeding Involved a little time and
physical exertion, provision was made
to forward the compensation to the at
torney at stated periods. It is said to
be eminently proper that Mr. Knight
should hold the office, as the place was
created for him by statute. He was the
original holder of the position. When
his term expired Dennis Spencer of
Xapa was appointed his successor.
When Mr. Spencer died the vacancy
in the office was filled by the appoint
ing of Garrett McEnerney. It Is highly
creditable to Mr. McEnerney that he
gave the salary attached to the office to
the widow* of Mr. Spencer. In the of
fice of Dennis Spencer Mr. McEnerney
received his first lessons In the law, and
a sense of friendship for the family of
his teacher prompted him to bestow the
official emolument where it would have
been bestowed had Mr. Spencer lived
to serve out the term.
Fred V. Meyers of Stockton was yes
terday appointed by the Governor to
the office of Commissioner or" the Bu
reau of Labor Statistics, to succeed E.
F. Fitzgerald. The appointment was a
surprise to every one outside of the
Burns coterie in the yellow building.
There were many candidates for the
position, among them Wallace Pond of
Hand, A. J. Read of Oakland and
C. W. Kyle, chief clerk of the Assem
bly. Information came to The Call not
long since that Mr. Read was offered
.the place on certain conditions. He
"was sound * to ascertain if he would
agree to appoint "deputies rom a list
to be iced in his hands. The prop
GEORGE A. KNIGHT, Attorney of the Board of Health.
ositlon was not acceptable to him, I
her.ee his name was not inscribed on j
the commission.
At the Palace and Grand hotels, j
■where the politicians and office seekers j
meet to exchange views, the appoint- j
ment of Mevers is spoken of as further |
proof that th- Southern Pacific Rail- I
road is the dominant power in State j
affairs.
The people of Stockton were surpris-
ed, as the following dispatch indicates:
STOCKTON. Cal.. Aug. 2S.— The an-
STOCKTON. Cal., Aug. 28.— The an-
nouncement that Gage had appointed
Fred V Meyers of this city State Labor
Commissioner came as an all around sur-
prise, if nything the Governor does is
capable of exciting surprise. Leading;
Republicans set out to Inquire who the ap
pointee was. for. although raised in this
city. he is entirely unknown in political
circles So for as is known no State.
county or city leader was consulted. As
most of the Republicans do not know who
Meyers Is the news excited no comment
pro or con as to his fitness, but there was
much comment to the effect that the Gov
ernor in hi.s abnormal anxiety to appear
Independent had evidently picked put a
dard horse. The appointee is chairman
of the grievance committee of the South-
crn Pacific Chapter of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers. In this capacity
he is very close to the railroad power and
his mysterious influence most likely came
from the big yellow building where so
many appointments are decided upon.
Personally Meyers is spoken of as a nrst
class man. He is the son of the one-time
Assemblyman, Samuel Meyers of San .
Joaquin County, and was born and raised
in this county. He entered the service ot
the Southern Pacific when a mere boy. i
He became a railroad engineer and served
In that capacity for twelve years, running
on the Southern Pacific line in and out .
of Stockton. He took a prominent part ;
in the doings of the Brotherhood of Rail-
road Engineers and was elected ,to sev
eral high offices in that organization. His :
father was a pioneer and popular citizen.
He is 42 years of age. The new commis
sioner's mother and wife are residents of
this city. but he does not spend much or :
his time here. The appointment was un
known to them until a Call representative j
showed them a dispatch containing the
news of the selection. They seemed con-
siderably surprised that Mr. Meyers had *
been the one appointed, although ac- j
knowledging that he had been making ef
forts in that direction. .i*,-..-'-^
Just how close Meyers has been to labor |
is not apparent. It is said that he was
dead against unions during the big rail
road strike. Among railroad men who
sympathized with the strikers, the ap
pointment will be regarded as a distinct
slap at aggressive unionism. Meyers was
not in the city to-day. being engaged in
work above Sacramento.
This is the first appointment which the
Governor has given to San Joaquin County
in return for 8w plurality given him in the
same ballot boxes which gave Marion
de Vries. Democratic candidate for Con
gress, nearly 1500 majority. Political ex
pediency, if not appreciation, should have
led to a consideration of the opinions of
leading Republicans. As to Mr. Meyers'
executive ability or knowledge of labor
matters very little is known here. Few
knew he was even an applicant for the
office. It is said that he ls unacquainted
with Gage, but that he had a long pull ia
evident.
GOLD BRICKS FOR
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ALAMEDA COUNTY
A. J. Read Was Turned Down
Eecause He Was Too
Eecause He Was Too
Independent.
Independent.
In Alameda County the appointment
In Alameda County the appointment
of Meyers did not evoke popular en
thusiasm. Alamedans believed until
th£ finish that their county would be
recognized. Xow they are talking of
gold bricks as the following comment
suggests:
OAKLAND. Aug. 28.— Governor Gage
evidently thinks that gold bricks are good
things for Alameda County. To-day he
gave absolute proof of this.
"Depend upon it. I will do something
good for Alameda County." This was the
Governor's parting remark to A. J. Read.
candidate for Labor Commissioner, two
week.- ago. after he had met the Governor
by the latter's appointment. To-day the
announcement was made that a Stockton
man had received the commission.
Three months ago it was well known
that the appointment lay between Wal
lace Pond of Berkeley and A. J. Read of
Oakland. The Governor made direct
promises that one'of these two men
should have the position. It developed
later that the man who received the plum
must be a tool of Colonel Burns. When
Mr. Read was summoned to appear before
the Governor at the Palace Hotel he was
led to believe that the commission was
about to be handed to him. Such was the
Governor's intention, but there was a rope
attached to it with as many strands as
there are clerks and deputies to be named
by the State Labor Commissioner.
A. J. Read was plainly informed that
if he was given the job he would have to
name as his assistants and deputies men
whom the Governor and Colonel Burns
had agreed upon. He was told that in so
many words, and being too Independent to
accept an honor on such dishonorable
terms he came back to Oakland.
A. J. Read had received the indorsement
of many of the labor organizations and
among his supporters were Dr. Pardee,
Victor H. Metcalf, Frank A. Leach, Col
onel John P. Irish and many other men
to whom the Governor had declared he
would give this county favorable consid
eration.
As usual, the Governor has snubbed the
whole county.
Mr. Read was asked to-night what he
thought of the Governor's appointment.
"it is a complete surprise to me," he
said. "If it were not for the assurances
originally given out by the Governor that
the commlssionership would be given to
a man from this county I would never
have been In the fight. It is true he sent
for me a couple of weeks ago and the
thing seemed to be about settled. I have
never heard of Mr. Meyers of Stockton
being a candidate for the place and cer
tainly lf he has dor.c any active work or
has presented proof of such work to th«
Governor, then Mr. Gage grossly misrep
resented affairs to me when I saw horn."
Mr. Read admitted that something was
said to him about the patronage, but de
clined to enter into the exact details.
Even some of the executive's closest
friends have stated recently that the Gov
ernor had promised to appoint either
Read or Pond.
The Governor yesterday appointed
John H. Grindley and George Reed of
Oakland, and William S. Wells of Mar
tine*, directors of the Deaf and Dumb
and Blind Asylum at Berkeley.
— ■ » ■
New Mining- Company
F. L. Coombs, F. B. Lloyd. R. G. Hart
3r ' H. R. "Wiley and Harry E. Wise have
Incorporated the Sonora Quartz Mine De
velopment Company, with a capital stock
of $500,000, all of which has been sub
scribed. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY. AUGUST 29, 1899.
EVENTS IN THE
LOCAL FIELD
OF POLITICS
♦
Statement From A. B.
Statement From A. B.
Spreckels.
Spreckels.
NOT A CANDIDATE FOR MAYOR
♦
COLONEL DUBOCE WILL STUDY
COLONEL DUBOCE WILL STUDY
THE POLITICAL SITUATION.
Jasper McDonald Has a Heap of
Trouble on His Mind Over
Convention Af-
fairs.
The Republican local convention will not
hold a session this week, but the dele
gates of the majority may caucus to con-
The British Steamer Sikh, Now an Army Transport.
sider important topics. There has been
so much comment recently in Republican
circles in regard to the nominee for Mayor
and the name of A. B. Spreckels has been
mentioned so often ln the discussion of
probable candidates that he feels justified.
in making the definite announcement that
ho is not an aspirant for the nomination
and will not consent to the use of his
name in the convention. When spoken to
yesterday on this topic, Mr. Spreckels
said:
••You may publish the statement as
coming from me that I am not a candi
date for Mayor and would not accept the
nomination if it were tendered to me. I
am too busy now to engage in politics and
do not want my name placed before the
convention as a candidate for any office.
I make this statement in the sincere hope
that it will end tin- discussion so far as it
relates to the proposed candidacy of my
self."
Since the return of the California Volun
teers. Colonel Victor D. Duboce has been
sounded regarding his inclinations toward
the Mayoralty of San Francisco. Colonel
Duboce* is a stanch Republican and many
of his friends believe that he could win
out if placed at the head of the Republi
can ticket. The impression exists that he
would accept the nomination should the
Republican convention display a unani
mous desire for his leadership in the ap
proaching political campaign. When the
subject was brought to his attention yes
terday he requested that discussion of the
topic be deferred until the finish of his
military service.
There is trouble in store for Jasper
McDonald, chairman of the Democratic
local nominating convention. The dele
gates placed upon him the responsibility
of naming a committee of seven to select
candidates for the Board of Supervisors.
It would be an easy thing for Mr. McDon
ald to get a list of seven from Gavin Mc-
Nab and Mayor Phelan, but the dele
gates to th« convention are expressing
with considerable earnestness a desire to
be consulted in the selection of the com
mittee. Yesterday Mr. McDonald reached
the decision that a consultation with the
various delegations might result in the
submission of good material. This is cer
tainly a wise decision. Many names will
be submitted and from th- long list Gavin
McNab will surely find seven that will
stand for his slate.
In regard to forty members of the
County Committee which the chairman
is authorized to appoint, delegations will
doubtless be consulted, but no names will
go on the chosen list of forty without the
consent of Gavin McNab. These forty
added to the out-and-out slat.- supporters
already chosen by the district delegations
will give Mr. McNab the power to direct
party affairs.
The district County Committeeman or
dinarily has no higher aim in politics than
that of obtaining a little influence at the
City Hall so that Flaherty's horse and
cart may be engaged for street work, but
the committeeman at large strikes higher.
The forty to be chosen by the chairman
will shake the political tree for the rich
plums. They will direct affairs of the
party and reap the reward of rich patron
age in the event of Democratic success.
The district -gates will have a chance
to make suggestions regarding the forty
at large, but the "at largers" will be ap
pointed by Gavin Mr Nab. "The power be
hind the throne is greater than the throne
itself." __ .
SOCIALIST LABOR PARTY.
Convention Meets and Nominates
Candidates for Municipal Offices.
The Socialist Labor party hold its con
vention in Pythian Castle last night.
Thirty-three delegates were present, and
Daniel O'Connell presided.
After reaffirming the principles declared
in the State and national platforms the
convention nominated candidates for mu
nicipal offices. The only contest was in
the nominations for Mayor. J. H. Hall
was successful, with 21 votes. G. B. Ben
ham receiving 11.
The other candidates nominated were:
Supervisors— G. Postler. M. Aspden, H.
lnskeep, J. Kroeger, W. Hefferin, H.
Frank. J. E. Farrell, H. McMahon, J.
Dooley, Oscar Bach. M. Hansen. T. Beres
for, E. W. Carpenter, H. Kedde, Leon da
Vilie. Carl Trefz, Thomas Williams and
Jor.n' Robertson: Sheriff, Leo Gasser;
Treasurer, Richard Lutje: Tax Collector,
\. J. Oliver; Auditor, A. MoGinty; Asses
sor. Henry Kobbert; Coroner, S. B.
France; Recorder. H. Strunsky; City At
torney, C. H. King Jr.; District Attorney,
E. Chamberlain; Public Administrator,
Oliver Everett; County Clerk, G. B. Ben
ham; Police Judges— H. Carstenson, Wil
liam Edlln. L.Trompler and C. Drazak.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swlmmlne baths. North Beach. •
■ ♦ * i.i-y.
A PECULIAR ACCIDENT.
Lifted in a Coal Bucket and Dropped
to Vessel's Deck.
Thomas Veahey, a laborer residing at
210 Greenwich street, in this city, met with
a peculiar accident at the end of the Oak
land pier yesterday afternoon. He was
engaged in unloading coal from the ship
Forest Hall when he became entangled in
the cable which raises the; buckets and
was lifted some distance above th© deck.
After being suspended in the air for some
time he was dropped, before help could
reach him. and sustained severe injuries
of the head and body. He was conveyed
with all haste across the bay and brought
to the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where
his injuries were treateod by Dr. Robin
son. In falling the man struck directly
on the top of his head.
■ ♦ .
Every home should have a copy of
Every home should have a copy of
The Call's splendid Souvenir Edition.
SEEKS TO END
HIS DAYS IN
A POOR HOUSE
Patrick Durr Deserts
the Streets.
END OF UNFORTUNATE FAMILY
FATHER AND THEEE SISTEES IN
INSANE ASYLUMS.
»
Son of a Wealthy Merchant Passes
Son of a Wealthy Merchant Passes
With His Kin to the Doors
of Public Insti
tutions.
t
t
The last victim of vicissitudes in the
family of John Durr, once one of the best
known merchants in San Francisco, lies
in a cell at the California-street police
station awaiting transportation to the
Almshouse. He is Patrick Durr, a son,
partially paralyzed, who has earned his
crusts of bread by begging for the past
several years. He was picked up by the
police on Montgomery street yesterday
afternoon and taken to the station, from
which place he will be sent to exist, prob
ably the remainder of his days, on public
charity. Like the others of his family
who aie now languishing in public insti
tutions, pride forces him to seclusion and
he gave to the booking officer at the sta
tion the name of Phil .ucGovern, the
name he has been known by since the tide
of fortune turned against himself and
father.
The story of the Durrs has been a sad
one. In the early days of San Francisco
the dry goods firm of Kennedy & Durr,
located on Third street, near Market, was
one of the most substantial business
houses on the coast. It held an enormous
trade and its proprietors became men of
opulence. John Durr, one of the firm,
soon dabbled in stocks. From the day he
made his first purchase on Pine street his
means began to vanish and soon he found
himself without standing in the business
community. He sought occupation as
clerk and finally passed with his family
Into social oblivion.
The nert occasion on which the public
recalled the name of Durr was November
12. • 17, when The Call published a pitiable
story of destitution in a small hovel on
Valencia street. Officer Holbrook investi
gated the case and found John Durr and
his three daughters In a state of utter
destitution and starvation. They were too
proud of what had once been their lot in
life to make an appeal to charity or even
to their neighbors for assistance and bo
existed in filth and penury until their con
dition excited official attention. On No
vember 14 John Durr and his three daugh
ters-were adjudged insane and committed
to the asylum at Ukiah.
Patrick, the last of the family, has
struggled with misfortune for some time.
He drank heavily and later became para
lyzed. He has been a familiar character
on the streets, but those who met him
daily little guessed his identity. His rea
son "for concealing his name was the same
which caused his father and sisters to
face starvation in a hovel— pride. He will
be taken to the Almshouse to-day.
■ ♦ ■
JOHN W. MACKAY HERE.
The Millionaire Mining Man Comes
to Look After His Business Affairs.
J. W. Mackay, the millionaire mining
man, arrived at the Palace last night
from Virginia City. It was reported that
he was coming for the purpose of settling
the estate of the late Mrs. James G. Fair.
As the Fair estate will not be ready for
settlement for a year or more yet this is
an error. While Mr. Mackay comes on
business connected with the estate of his
partner's widow, it is not that alone which
brings him here. His heavy mining inter
ests and other business enterprises extend
through many States, and are particular
ly extensive in this State. It is to look
after these matters, as well as to attend
to his duties as an administrator, that the
famous mining man Is now here.
Mr. Mackay is not sure how long he will
remain. Probably for several days, and
perhaps for several weeks. It will all de
pend on the length of time that it will
take him to go through his business. He
will then return either to the East or to
Virginia City. His plans are not definite
ly decided.
« ♦ ■
Keith's exclusively millinery house. Phe
lan building. Opening September 1 and 2. *
WILL EXHIBIT AT PARIS.
Alaska Packing Company Will Make
a Good Showing.
The Alaska Packing Company has se
cured an allotment of space at the Paris
exposition from the United States Com
mission of Fish and Fisheries and will
make a complete exhibit of its fisheries
and packing plant, together with models
showing the workings of the various de
partments of the business of the com
pany.
The exhibit will be put in at an expense
of $3000 and will show the workings of one
of the biggest Industries of the Pacific
Coast in a manner that has never been
seen before in Europe. y...- ...-
To Welcome William J. Bryan.
The following committee of arrange
ments has been appointed by Seth Mann,
chairman of the Democratic State Central
Committee, to prepare for the reception
of Hon. William J. Bryan, who will speak
; in San Francisco on the night of either
the 6th, "th or Sth of September: J. J.
' Dwyer. National Committeeman; James
■ G Maguire, James H. Budd, James D.
Phelan. W. W. Foote, W. H. Alvord and
1 J F. Sullivan. This committee will have
! full charge of all matters with the ex
! ception of those usually reserved for the
I reception committee, which will be ap-
pointed hereafter. The reception com
'■ mittee will select quarters for the distin-
I guished guest, provide for the personal
j comfort of himself and his family and
I meet him upon his arrival In the city.
_ * ♦ ■■
Mediums' Protective Association.
The Mediums' Protective Association
: will give a reception on the evening of
i the Ist of September in Memorial Hall of
' the Odd Fellows' building to the delegates
i to the twelfth annual convention of spir
itualists. There will be a programme of
I entertainment, a dance and a banquet.
STEAMER SIKH
ADDED TO THE
MANILA FLEET
•
Big Bodies of Troops
to Move.'
BRUTAL MURDERS BY A SAILOR
— • —
-.'■-.-■ .. 7. ■
HE ERAINED TWO WOMEN
AND AN AMERICAN A. B.
>
Robert Miller of the Tarn O'Shanter
■ on Trial for His Life Before a
Japanese Judge in Yoko
hama.
t
The Government has chartered another
The Government has chartered another
British steamer to carry troops and sup
plies to Manila. This makes ten trans-
ports that will be ready to leave within
the next fortnight and two more are ex
pected from the Philippines that will leave
again as soon as they can be got ready.
The new transport Is the Sikh, a vessel
that has been in the Oriental trade for
nearly ten years, but came here from Yo
kohama under charter to John Rosen
feld's Sons. She was to have gone into
the coal trade, but will now be fitted out
to carry troops. The Sikh was built in
ISS9 by Wlgham. Richardson & Co. of
Newcastle, England, for the Mogul
Steamship Company. She is 1787 tons net
burden, 335 feet long, 40 feet broad and 25
feet 8 inches deep. She is a very roomy
vessel. Is fitted throughout with electricity
and will make a valuable addition to the
fleet of transports. She carries almost an
entire crew of Asiatics, but nearly all of
these will be replaced with white labor
before the steamer returns here from
Manila.
On May 2Sth last the Sikh was in New
York. From there she went to Singapore,
thence to Hongkong, Shanghai. Hioko and
Yokohama. At the latter port she was
chartered to come to San Francisco.
Of the other transports the Warren and
City of Puebla will get away this week.
The Puebla has been painted white and
looks well in her new dress. She will
probably get away this afternoon or to
morrow. The Warren has almost com
pleted loading and is scheduled to sail
Thursday. The Columbia is coaling at the
Government wharf. She will be painted
white this week. The Hancock is a; the
Union Iron Works, but her repairs are
completed and to-day she will go into the
stream and coal. The Sherman came ofT
the drydock yesterday and she also will
coal in the stream. The Centennial is
coaling at the Government wharf and the
Leelanaw is loading at Harriso-i-sLreet
wharf. Both these vessels will take sway
a load of horses. The George W. Elder
Is now at Astoria and the Belgian King at
San Diego. Both vessels will arrive Here
during the week and will be fitted tut as
transports. The Grant is now out twenty
nine days and the Sheridan nineteen days
from Manila. Both these vessels should
be on their way back to Manila by the
middle of September. The hospital ship
Relief goes to Hunter's Point drydock to
day and after an overhauling she also will
return to Manila. It was originally in
tended to send her back empty, but if the
Government finds itself pressed for ships
she may take back a load of troops. These
vessels will carry all told between 11,000
and 12,000 soldiers and all of them will be
on the way before September 20th.
An American sailor is being tried in
Yokohama for most brutal murders and
the officers and men of the steamer
Sikh are commenting upon the fairness
of the Japanese court. Robert Miller was
an A. B. on the American ship Tarn
O'Shanter. At Yokohama he fell in love
with Tonooka Suye, a Japanese, woman
who was running a saloon under the name
of George Henry, a sailor on the United
States steamer Olympia. Miller deserted
his ship and went to live in the house kept
by Tonooka Suye. He wanted her to put
the house under his name and she at flrst
consented, but finding that Miller was
drinking heavily, changed her mind.
Helping Tonooka Suye in the saloon was
a maid servant named Suzuki Aki. In love
with Suzuki was another American sailor
named Nelson Ward. Miller did not like
Ward, and when he saw the latter in the
house with Suzuki Aki the day Tonooka
Suye refused to put the saloon ln his
name he got angry. That night when
everybody was asleep Miller armed him
self with a razor and a hammer and start
ed to run amuck. He entered Ward's
room and after slashing him with the
razor beat his brains out with the ham
mer. He then went into the room of Su
zuki Aki and beat her brains out, and
then served Tonooka Suye in the same
manner. Miller then made his escape, but
was captured and was under trial for his
life before Judge Miy ajl ma Kenjlro when
the Sikh sailed from Yokohama.
The British ship King David has ar
rived at Antwerp after experiencing some
terrific weather. Her sails were blown
away, the forecastle was damaged, the
cabin flooded and everything movable on
deck washed overboard. The King David
was towed from here to Portland and
there loaded wheat for Europe. Captain
Jones was accompanied by his wife and
daughter.
The Mail Company s steamer Peru sailed
for Panama and wayports yesterday. Cap
tain Irvine of the Barracouta went out in
command, as Captain Friele is on the sick
list.
The store of Dennison. Feiling & Co.,
The store of Dennison, Feillng & Co..
205-207 Davis street, was burglarized last
Saturday night. The thieves got in
through a skylight and tried to open the
safe, but failed. They opened the cash
drawer and secured $5 40.
Attempted Murder on the Spring-burn.
There was trouble on the British ship
Springburn last Saturday night, and in
consequence there is a warrant out for
the arrest of Pat Troy on a charge of as
sault to murder. It appears that four of
the crew of the Springburn went away
without leave on Friday night and were
severely reprimanded by Chief Officer
Hiram Martin. On Saturday afternoon
the four men went to the mate and asked
for leave to see the parade, and incident
ally for some money to spend. Their re
quest was refused, and there was con
siderable grumbling in consequence. That
night at 9 o'clock, while the mate was
asleep in his room, Troy entered and be
gan beating him. Martin jumped out of
bed and Troy seized a sword that was
hanging over the mate's bed. Hearing
somebody coming, Troy ran away and
took the sword with him. Yesterday morn
ing Officer Crosbie found it hid in a wood
pile on the front and took It to the Har
bor Police Station, but no trace of Troy
was found. (
. THE EMPORIUM.
ft %l 'IHFfHnDMI Novelty J
l Fabrics "<N>ldenlUleßazaar. T|//r5/s^fe« *
ft /^^r/i;s P^Ooldenlftale&azaar. Ti^s/s^//'i9» «
* now readv .CAUFomiAS LMK,ZZT~ AMERi<*'-saiAriDESTSTor>£. main floor, j
* now ready J^^^^l^^7-^™^s^^ %
ft The Only Travelie, the great conjurer and sleight-of-hand performer, *
* in Exhibition Ha.l, second floor, daily, from 10 to 12 a. m. and 2tosp. m. Ad- V
♦ mission Free.
I Tuosdsy OkTaly \
Ih Si? Jfrf ww fry 'n rrTT'OT Ml fit -ftLJ-mW VriiW 80. JS? R3 ___.___. \^Sr
ft IV -Q&rSx HMTy t^/_m ***a±_Jsf -E* a" mJar «
* , For Tuesday Only. For Tuesday Only. «
J 50c and 60c Damask Pure LinTeoWe{?amaBk 3
* Chiffons, 33c. accord Towels, 15C. fringes' knot- J
» pleated and accordeon. pleated with lace, ted, in ail white and neat borders (some <f.
insertion — about 6<X) yards in all, in of them got s'ight'y stained with coal ****£
ft eight pretty colorings, for jabots, dress oil in transitl, values ranging from $2.25 -4-
ft fronts and trimmings reguiariy fOe ard to $3.50 dezen — all on special sale this ♦
♦ 60c yard — special this day only &t.33c day only at a uniform price, each... 150 J
t Fo*- Tuesday Only. !
I Jardinieres- Grocery Specials- ;
* Special, 15c. Tuesday and Wednesday j
i a new line of '" g -i^. Sugar— For the two days «
ft American -made (Mfi. jjgg i only we offer fine, dry J
* Jardinieres, high- „_~rtP;?l _ J - •-■•■ . _ *%m i
*lv glazed, in four s^^^<§2l Granulated Sugar 21 J
* colors-green, /fyS fyr $1.00 *
T dark blue, orange jULj. "^3 .-..-■ *
J and olive-6 inch- O>UV $2. 00 worth to a customer. J,
ft es high, si^ inches Wk :"!-^ , Tomatoes— Haywards pack, gallon *
ift across the top, gl^^ cans— pjr dozen, $2.40 each....200 J
ft regularly 25c each Not more than 1 2 cans to one J
* —on special sale this day lOC . i
ft ' : — bet son. -V
{ For Tuesday Only. Hecker's Farina-for the two J
* M... .- __.... as — packaces for ISO J
t SUkohneS, l ntll c'oSll!g l™e Imported Sardines - L-»caz- I
? — _ V,-»«*# to-night the big up, pegnariv 25c tra-for 20© I
J *>C? WartM. store offers handsom Table Raisins-2%-\h cartons— <«•
J S Ikolines lor draperies and comforters whi •.- present 3upp:y lasts, eac**.2oo *•
scroll designs, in light and dark color Qfgve Oil— Tne Olivina brand, Cali- " *
ft rags, widtn 36 inches, at the very special 10rnia*s best— re*?u*ariv $1.00 a bottle. *
ft price, per yard OC for 850 *
I J „ t- j ; Beef Extract— Rex bran i. 4- J
» TOr rUeSaaV UlllV. 01 j ars— regularly 65c each, for.ssc J
ft Sale n^ Made from best laminated Pineapple — J hnson'3 sliced or <-
& •*«»-€? e#» . sheet cotton,! grate.:, 1-lb tins — reguiariy 13c each, ****£
ft Comforters. abundantly / fcr /Oc *
i * filed, hand tufted, tilkoiine or fine cam- Washing Powders— Pearl Dust, J
* brie covered, rich in pattern and colcr- Lavarine, Babbitt's '76 and Pearline — J
J ing, a grand $2.50 bel coverin?— 01 1- b packages— while present supD'y J
J special sale to-day only at $1.88 lasts, 3 packages for 250
ft For Tuesday Only. ~ *
£ Sa§*Gads The big store offers Old Government 1
1 Z. **#** *ZZm\Z*b for to-day only a ■«««.- . *%*% «
% l or $1.58. splendid doable- Whisky, 92c. J
ft faceH w.ate Marseilles Sp-ead, full size Tuesday and Wednesday. *
ft (81x90 inches', new from th? looms, the V
ft very latest designs our $2 value at /» ior the two more days *
; * $I*sB |i 3 only we offer this J
>;; ,- "^ T„,( /-^ ../,, HTI finest of whiskies — *♦
* For Tuesday Only. fl regularly $1.25 bot- *
! » Medallion *%*'£"£ M ' tie for 92c %
■ * PhOtOS, 1 8C. dallion Photo- mSms. I,ie old Govern- «
j * .yggg;, ■ igfj graphs, g^ — ment Whisky is dis- J
■J I Ep- 1 cop,e3 of E{i)&V tilled alter a celebrated «
1 * '^^^^^^^Sffl famous old-fashioned formula, J
' * I P^-^^^*^> 'ife^-'i ;i standard 7^/1^ front carefully selected J
•'* l^-^^%)l£^i paintings i —^^r grain. It is matured'
!j * Hn^*-*^^^^fe^^l| of the jr*":-- in bond and bottled at J
- * Iftni r^-^n*gaa .n disHUm—and is «
* framed in! , , , , J . . J
! * »/8-inch gilt moldings, with embossed gilt guaranteed absolutely pure. J
'i J corners, size 4^x6< inches— on special Try a bottle Of Old Gov <£*
' » sale this day on at 18c ernmentm •«
i£ft A-44&4 A6«A-J«4A*A*A*A«A*A*AA**6A«-A*A6A*6A**^
SAN JOSE AND
WATSONVILLE
TEAMS DROPPED
San Jose and Watsonville are no longer I
represented in the California Baseball !
League. The two teams, which have been |
playing ball under the auspices of the j
towns mentioned, were dropped at a meet- !
ing of the league last night. Due and de
liberate consideration was given by the
officials before action was taken in the
matter.
The meeting was called to order in the
offices of T. F. Bonnet by J. T. Moran,
president of the California League. There
were present Vice President E. F. Bert,
Secretary T. F. Bonnet and the following
club managers: Harris of San Francisco, j
Dennie of Sacramento, Tuttle of Santa j
Cruz, Ewing of Oakland and Morris of
Watsonville. . . .
Immediately upon the meeting being j
called to order Manager Harris intro
duced the subject of the condition of af
fairs in the league, referring particularly j
to the management of the San Jose club.
He explained that the club had been un- j
der the control of a Mr. La Rosa who
sold a large number of general admission
passes and then dropped out of the man
agement, taking the money with him
wnich he derived from the sale of passes.
George Borchers, he continued, had an in- ;
terest in the team and ran it along up to
May 15. when the league was notified that
owing to lack of support and the use of
the passes sold by La Rosa the new man- j
agement got no money at all. and would
have to quit if some remedy was not in
troduced immediately. Harris stated that
he and Mr. Bonnet went down to &an
Jose and induced Dr. W. F. McGraw- to
take charge of the team, and only suc
ceeded in doing so by assuring the doctor
he would be protected against any loss
he might entail. Since then the club has
bee™ run at a steady loss to the Recrea
tion Park Association, owing to internal
dS" urther stated that on top of this
the Watsonville team began to fan behind
in receipts owing to the mismanagement
of Struve. And because its present man
ager Mr. Morris, wanted to be guaran
teed a certain sum for expenses, etc it
was decided to have the meeting called.
At the conclusion of the preliminary
statement of Manager Harris Cal Ew-mg
moved that San Jose's franchise be for
feited The motion was seconded by Den
nie of Sacramento and was carried unani
mously. -;  * .. .x.,
Manager McGraw came in just at this
moment and asked that before the club
was dropped he be allowed to express his
sentiments. The motion was carried. Dr.
, ■■ -■■..*: - ■:■■■ "*.-:■ ■ '■-..■■ ..■■■.! ■■- ■_•■ ..;•-: ■ ■
©★**★*★************************************£
I DR. PIERCES "No. XXX" ELECTRIC BELT |
| PRICEJ2S.OO. I
•fr jl \V^ \TW^^^9°^S7i^^^^^l^jßß| This Belt Is warranted ;o *>c the Lateert *
"* /Ws3i. X& I^»^»J^^^ Av-jSjul Thls Belt '•" warranted to ye the Latest J
■¥ a^?J^^(t^ZJ^^^^i^\t:~^~^- \ jiBB Improved, most powerful and ln all re- T
fr t&JSS&SZSFz&^yj t Vr*/* Tf -J- tj"<.^C^a spects the Best now manufactured In W
fr __£t£^* \-- -<*'J- Nt ** *y&R ar.y part of the world. Its equal does *-
* BH&**>>^_ y-^Z'^Z (JP *****rtSß&\ not exist. The Galvanometer shows Its ***♦-
J ■WKftg*'?>*>*»^-A *Z^^*tV"-,'^'YH:l]l-Mff electric current to be double that of any 7t~
]Z Vfl_m_W'^ l^n-pT^BKSte-lTMj^ B'tlJ^^ ether. Easily regulated! Durably in- i
"C ©SW*' *! /»/r I 1 * feß^Sjfy\ i i T*\z~J-^ *■' suiated! Latest Improved attachments! J.
M . iVejs* -^.^ji J-V,*. j- *l^Sn'.* - special conductors and electrodes. Double
* A, "~ v --^7 -*^^\ rTvl ' \V wire suspensory for men. Satin-lined J
** r^K/V/sT*?'- >/*V\V — VVt«\'\. body belt. It will cure any disease on J"
-* ' l>^^l>A^i^rj^-^—^riVK earth that it is possible to cure witt *"
£ 'f\ / I <i^mrsi\--^' »' ' %'. 8.- -The kind of belts others sell at *■
I Sjjh /<£:■ *a*dF-y hlg-h prices we furnish at $3.51). *.
C yv"-^Tj''r7 CT Buy no belt till you call on us OT *.
_ '^V\ll\ send 2° stamp for "Booklet So. 3." *-
* \xl\ Address J.
I PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., f
J • 620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
■k RUPTURE-IF RUPTURED SEND STAMP FOR "BOOKLET NO. 1" X-
-fr RUPTURE— IF RUPTURED SEND STAMP FOR "BOOKLET NO. 1" *-
#************** + ****** + ■¥■**■¥■ *** + ***********¥©
.THE • EMPORIUM. O
McGraw stated that he entered the base
ball field as a novice, but had been treated
courteously by the San Francisco man
agement.
As it was impossible to run a five-club
league it was decided that the league be
composed of four clubs. Manager Ewing
moved that the league for the remainder
of the season be composed of Oakland
San Francisco, Santa Cruz and Sacra
mento, as each of the clubs mentioned' was
in a flourishing condition. Dennie sec
onded the motion and It was carried. A
committee of three, composed of Dennie,
Tuttle and Ewing, was appointed to pre
pare a revised schedule and submit th©
same within twenty-four hours.
Before adjourning President Moran
stated that he thought it possible to run
a six-team league next year if th© clubs
were properly managed at the outset.
With the two clubs out of it the race for
the championship pennant becomes
keener and the lovers of baseball in th©
cities with teams in the league will b©
treated to some lively games.
Ladles' tailor-made suits', fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Post st.
HELD ON SUSPICION
F. Bisbee Tries to Elude Police—Al
leged to Have Committed.
Robbery.
Pending an investigation of a robbery
in which he is alleged to be Implicated,
j Fin Bisbee, a peddler, Is lodged In a cell
i of the City Prison. He was arrested last
| night by Officers Meyers and Brady and
charged with fast driving and cruelty to
j animate.
Officer Brady was standing on th© cor
ner of Larkin and Grove streets last
1 night, when a boy rushed up to him and,
pointing to Bisbee and a companion, ex
j claimed that they had just robbed a man
iup the street- Brady gave chase after
i the wagon in which the men were riding
and they led him to Sixth and Market
streets. He continued down Sixth street
after the men, and believing they would
get away he blew his whistle. Officer
Meyer heard the signal and seeing th©
i rapidly driven horse approaching him he
i stopped it and held its driver until Brady
came on the scene.* Blsbee's partner
! jumped from the wagon just before reach
j ing Howard street and escaped. The po-
I lice are investigating the alleged robbery.
Mail The Call's great Souvenir
Edition to your friends.
Chinese Masonic Festival.
The festival of the Ping Kong Tr>ng. a
I Chinese Masonic Society was observed
: with boom and music in Chinatown last
! night. The affair occurs yearly and is not
jof much significance on the heathen
calendar. A large bandstand erected on
Waverly place accommodated musicians
■< and actors who donated free services and
many of the Chinese gods were reduced
to ashes in the street. The principal ob
e ject of the festival is to afford a time for
j thanksgiving and for providing for the
i wants of the poor.
wants of the poor.
56
tfu lie
TUESDAY AUGUST 29, 1899
TUESDAY ...AUGUST 29, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*.. S. F
Telephone Main ISCS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, f» cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Cull), one year fO.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), < months .'LOO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month. «5o
BUNDAY CALL One Tear 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receiv.- subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.:
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEVV YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDB.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;'
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lorain street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 229! Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh j
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty- *
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The New Dominion."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. I
' Alcazar— "lngomar."
Grand Opera-house — "Paul Jones."
Tivoli— "La Glaconda."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Battle of Manila- Market street, near Eighth.
Sm: Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Golden Gate Agricultural District No. I— Races to-day.
Alhambra Theater — Benefit to John W. Slade, Saturday
evening, .S«-i't«mbc-r 2.
California State "air. Sacramento— September 4 to 16.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
libit, Saturday night. September -
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. T. uderback — Wednesday, August 30, at 2:30
o'clock, Persian and Turkish Rugs, at 117 Sutter street.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OUTLOOK.
rROM interviews obtained by The Call and
the New York Herald, with members of Con-
gress, the public is given for the first time reli
able information concerning the course which will
bepursued at the coming session upon the important
questions of the Speakership of the Housf, the lead
ership of.the minority and the issues of currency
letorm and of trusts.
For some time past it has-been pretty well under
stood that despite the number of aspirants for the
Speakership, David B. Henderson of lowa would be
chosen for the position. The poll made by The Call
and the Herald now shows that Henderson's lead has
become so strong his competitors have virtually re
tired from the contest and the prospect is he will be
elected without opposition in his own party. The
Democrats are not so well agreed as to whom they
will choose for their leader. The many factions of
that party in the country have more or less represen
tation in Congress and the factional disputes there
are as notable as elsewhere. Nevertheless, the indi
cations are the leadership will be given to DeArmond
of Missouri, the party being about as tired of Bailey
of Texas as he is tired of trying to lead men who will
not be led.
One of the most satisfactory disclosures made by
the interviews is the strength of the sentiment among
Republican members in favor of grappling with the
currency problems in earnest and at once. From the
statements made it is learned the Republican Con
gressmen are virtually united in support of the cur
rency bill which will he reported by the currency
committee named by the Republican caucus. They
expect this measure to establish the gold standard
unequivocally and to increase national bank circula
tion, while breaking the "endless chain" of green
backs. Democrats from the South and West will ad
vocate free silver coinage, the withdrawal of national
bank circulation, the retention of the greenback sys
tem and the removal of the tax on State bank-notes.
On the subject of trusts the interviews arc naturally
more vague than on the other questions: That issue
has not yet been clearly defined. The introduction
of this new and powerful force in the world of indus
try and trade has caused a disturbance of business
conditions and inevitably engendered antagonisms.
Consequently, there is a good deal of clamor against
trusts, but much of it is as unreasonable as that which
was raised in a former generation against the intro
duction of machinery.
Senator Depew has expressed the conviction that
in the next Presidential campaign both parties will
declare against trusts in the national platform and
that neither would undertake to suppress them. Such
a declaration while cynical is not far from the truth.
Intelligent men of all parties recognize that some re
strictions must be placed upon trusts to prevent
abuses, but until the nature of these abuses is more
fully understood, and some definite policy in regard
to them is formulated, the issue cannot be made one
of party politics.
The people of Havana are evidently becoming
well fitted for citizenship in our glorious republic, for.
the bakers, the masons and the hackmen are on a
strike and other workingmen are inclined to follow
their example. There is nothing so easy as adapting
one's self to the ways of liberty.
The Postoffice Department has often been indebted
to the West for useful hints. Here is another: Just
outside of Kansas City, the other day. two fast mail
trains going at full speed smashed into each other.
The mail was distributed in a jiffy throughout the sur
rounding country.
The natives of Manila must be very hard to please,
for it is stated that when the American commander in
the city gave the self-styled "amigos" a chance to
show their friendliness by digging trenches and clean
ing streets under military supervision, they didn't like
it.
The future historian will write that the biggest
things brought about by the Spanish war were the
reception of the California boys on their return home
and the exposition of San Francisco as an illuminated
town.
BRYAN WEAKENING.
WHATEVER" strength" DemolrafiJ party
ever had came to it because of- its conserva
tism. lii a republic there must be government
by parties, and the Democracy for many years suc
ceeded in holding the Government by ultra conserva
tism. It was the analogue in American .politics of
the English Tories, whose modern title of "Conserva
tives" has been adopted as exactly descriptive of their
party position.
In 1896 the New Democracy changed all this and
became the representative of all forms of radicalism.
Its platform attacked at two or three points our con
stitutional system of government and threatened
ominously every safeguard of property rights. Mr.
Bryan was himself a man without property or gainful
vocation. He had practiced at a little law and a little
journalism and a good 'deal of politics. The hard
times had disemployed vast numbers of men, had
taken the profits out- of the business of another vast
contingent that had business investments, and had
sown the country with discontent which was easily
blown into flames by any leader sufficiently reckless
and restless. So many millions were pinched in their
wages, their incomes, their means of support, their
fuel, food and shelter, that no sorcery was required to
rouse them to a revolutionary pitch against all whose
prudence or good fortune had prepared them for the
crisis and put them above the hard orders of neces
sity which it brought. They were ready to elect to
the Presidency a man who professed a fellow feeling
and exploited the same needs which they felt Any
man whose prudence had prepared him to outlast the
panic was not suited to the times as a candidate of
all this discontent. In all the prosperous years pre
ceding the panic Mr. Bryan had neglected any pru
dent provision. The squalor in his affairs was not
mitigated by any share in the good things of good
times which had to be won by industry and applica
tion. In his profession, the law, all things come by
hard labor, none by luck.. Therefore, nothing came
to him. ;
He now confronts a changed situation. Our indus
tries are all in action. Crops are good. Trade is
brisk. There are but few idle who are able and will
ing to work.
As an idler and a man with no vocation Mr. Bryan
stands practically alone among the public men of
the country. His old appeals to discontent are ad
dressed to men too busy to listen. The panic has
passed like a bad dream, and the country is opposed
to bringing on another by any radical political experi
ment. Bryan has attempted to install himself in
leadership of a partisan anti-imperial issue, but his
discussion of that subject is so shallow and puerile
that it makes no appeal to the profound men who
fathom all of its depths. So he returns again and
again to the line of appeal that he used in 1896.
The people may be careless in their choice of public
officers in minor matters. They may turn a willing or
a careless ear to the solicitations of the professional
politician in choosing minor officers. But when it
comes to electing a President they don't want a man
without a calling. They have always chosen a dif
ferent class of men. Planters and farmers, profes
sional men, who can earn a living without politics,
or men who have mightily achieved for the country
and won its gratitude by great deeds and sacrifices
are the beneficiaries of the ballot when a President is
to be elected.
If Mr. Bryan had. settled down after 1806 in the
practice of his profession and had been successful.
had become known as a lawyer of respectable stand
ing and had made his living by the hard work which
success in that profession requires, he would be
stronger to-day he is.
But he did not do this. He has made his bed and
board in politics ever since, and has lived on the
sometimes generous bounty of his supporters. True,
he may have made more in this way than he could
have made by work, but after all it is a species of
charity that does not dignify him nor put him in the
great mass of his countrymen who live by work.
These considerations appeal to the keenly practical
men in his party and leave him with no whole-hearted
support, except by spoils hunters like Croker or
revolutionists and reds like Altgeld. These two
classes control the party organization and will exer
cise to the most radical limit the power to exclude
all conservatism from the convention. Mr. Bryan
will be nominated and will be again beaten, because
his impassioned appeal will be made to a country in
which' prosperity and contentment have replaced the
discontent and restlessness which were rife in 1896.
The feeling in the South is such that at this moment
ir. is probable that a majority of the Southern States
will rebuke radicalism by throwing their electo"al
votes away from him. while at the same time they
choose Democratic State Governments for the pro
tection of their local position.
There is one recourse open to General Mercier
without leaving France. He can join Guerin and
practice revolution in the seclusion of a home circle
by alternately defying the police and imploring per
mission to receive donations of bread and a leg of
mutton.
LATE PHILIPPINE REPORTS.
TWO extended reports of the Philippine situation
have recently been published. One relates to
the necessities of the military situation and its
requirements. That situation arises in the practically
unanimous devotion of the people to the cause repre
sented by Aguinaldo. It is announced that in order
to bring the people to their senses a strict coast and
inland blockade has been found necessary to cut off
food supplies, and starve into submission the non-
military supporters of the Aguinaldo Government.
j Spain always found this policy necessary in dealing
I with her disobedient subjects in the Philippines and
in Cuba. Wcyier applied it with a strictness and
severity which decimated the population, but even
then did not succeed. The resources of Spain and
her power to make such a policy successful did not
equal ours, and there is no doubt that we can,' riot
only continue to prevail as we have in the field opera
tions against those people, but that we can strike
! them far more fatally and effectively by starvation.
They are a dense population. They are apparently
united and will fight as long as they can feed. They
have a deadly climate as their ajly. When we use
starvation as ours, we have the odds by reason of our
superior strength and inexhaustible military re-'
sources. The island of Cuba has only a million and
a half of people and it was estimated that Weyler
had disabled more than half of them by starvation
and had by that means destroyed the lives of a quarter
of a million. That we can do better than this in the
Philippines is the well-settled opinion of our military
authorities, as shown by the dispatches referred to.
The other report is on a subject collateral to the
foregoing, i It is to the effect that members of the
Peace Commission held elections for Mayor in sev
eral cities on Luzon. Under their authority the peo
ple of San Pedro Macate, Baliuag, Imus and some
other cities elected Mayors, who took charge of the
municipal governments and their revenues. In every
case it was found that the voters had chosen active
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI,, TUESDAY^ AUGUST 29, 1899.
sympathizers with Aguinaldo, who at once proceeded
to use their- power and revenues in his interest. To
stop* this 'they all had to be arrested by our military
-authorities and put in jail in Manila. It is said their
trial for treason will follow and we suppose they will
be shot, as an admonition to their successors. These
events show the deep seated support of Aguinaldo
by those people. The cities named. are within our lines,
where no threats nor terrorism by Aguinaldo could
reach them. They were sure of our military protec
tion against him and yet they proved to be as thor
oughly subject to his influence and in sympathy with
his purposes as if they were within his lines and
reachable by his vengeance. The devastation of their
fields and the effective application of the policy, of
rigid starvation seems to be all that is left to our
military authorities to reach their case.
The last dispatch commenting on this says that
these occurrences have ended all ideas of leniency
among the Americans. Their patience has evapor
ated as Weyler's did, and they are fully prepared to
put in force the only plan that he ever found effective.
The dense population renders this easier than it looks.
The food resources of tropical countries are not good.
The work in Philippine fields is mostly done by
Chinese, and the exclusion order of General Otis,
forbidding Chinese to come, is a severe blow in line
with the new policy of reducing the population by
starvation and using hunger to humble the spirit of
the survivors.
On the sentimental side of it, the argument is prop
erly made that starvation as a part of our military
j tactics cannot increase our unpopularity among the
i people. They are practically unanimous against us
I now, and their sentiments cannot be changed by
j anything we do or leave undone. When men of the
j high scholastic standing held' by the members of
I our Peace Commission conduct elections among
i them and they persist in electing the candidates who
j agree with the native aspirations, it is plain that they
j are insusceptible to any high appreciation of the pur
i pose for which they are permitted to vote at all.
The committee of one hundred job chasers is hav
ing such a good time in the Democratic convention,
it has almost forgotten that the chasing of the jobs
will have to be done before the public and that the
job is a long way ahead and running like a deer.
GOOD reports come from Sacramento to the
effect that the prospects of the State Fair are
exceptionally bright and promising. In the
spacious pavilion every inch of the floor space has
been taken by exhibitors with the understanding that
their booths must possess artistic merit and that in
their displays nothing commonplace will be allowed.
It is particularly gratifying to note that entries
already made show that the exhibits of California
products in all departments of the pavilion display
will be large, varied and of a high class. Such ex
hibits will be sure to attract the particular attention
of all visitors, whether they be Californians or persons
from other States. The chief object of the fair is to
afford an opportunity for annual exhibits of the pro
gress of the industrial development of the State in
all branches, and as a consequence the dominant
thought in the mind of an intelligent student of the
exhibit will be to sec how. far that development has
gone, and what it has accomplished in the way of
providing for all the needs of civilization.
There is no reason why the State Fair should not
attain on the Pacific Coast such eminence in the way
of an annual exposition as to attract and hold the
attention of people in all parts of the country. It
should be an exhibit at which men can see each year
what has been accomplished in their lines of indus
try, what improvements have been made in imple
ments and machinery and what results achieved by
new methods of work whether it be agricultural, me
chanical or artistic.
The Directors of the State Agricultural Society
have this year made earnest efforts to awaken an
interest in the Fair among all classes of citizens and
in all localities. They have offered strong induce
ments for county exhibits and for the display of the
products of cities. The result of their efforts will be
but partially disclosed this year, for the impetus given
now will go over to the succeeding year and tend to
make the exhibits of 1900 even better than those of
this season. The outlook, therefore, is promising not
only for the present but for the future, and all Cali
fornians may well be gratified with the prospect.
If the French had been wise in the management of
attractive sensations they would have kept the Drey
fus trial for the exposition year and held it in the
biggest hall in Paris.
SUPREMACY IN THE TRANSVAAL.
ONE by one the minor points in the controversy
between the Boers and the British have been
eliminated and the crisis is now reached on the
single issue of which of the two Governments has
paramount authority over the Transvaal.
According to late reports President Kruger and
the Boer Council are willing to concede everything
the British Commissioner has demanded, but couple
the concession with the condition that it be recog
nized as a concession only and that Great Britain
abrogate all her claims of suzerainty over the repub
lic. On the other hand, the Salisbury Government
is more persistent in asserting suzerainty than in de
manding redress for the alleged wrongs done to the
Outlanders, and the issue is thus brought to a point
that undoubtedly portends war.
In a speech delivered at Birmingham on Saturday,
Mr. Chamberlain declared the situation to be threat
ening and condemned President Kruger for pro
crastinating and for making offers accompanied by
conditions whicii he knows will not be accepted. The
speaker went on to say the action of the Boers com
pel the British to strengthen their force in South
Africa and make ready for w3r. He added:
"If this delay continues much longer, we shall not
hold .ourselves limited by what we have already
effered, but having taken this matter in hand we wili
not let go until 'we have secured conditions which,
once for all, will establish us as the paramount power
in South Africa and secure for us our objects there —
equal rights and privileges promised by President
Kruger when the Transvaal's independence was
granted.
It appears we are about to witness another- scene
of that long drama in which the weak peoples are
crushed to make room for aggressive ambitions of
the strong. The little nations are being swallowed
up by the "benevolent assimilation" of the big nations
with imperial missions to civilize the world and estab
lish liberty through the power of the heavier guns and
the larger battalions. The Boers, however, are going
to be a tough morsel for even so voracious a lion as
that of Her Britannic Majesty to swallow. Kruger's
procrastination has not been a waste of time. He has
been arming his brave Boers for a final struggle for
the independence of their country, and it may be that
through his indomitable courage the Transvaal, may'
stand in Africa like. Switzerland in Europe — home
of unconquered and unconquerable freemen.
THE STATE FAIR,
JUDGE HILTON'S RISE
WITH STEWART MILLIONS
How He Rose From a Lawyer's Clerk to Be
One. of the Greatest Powers in
New York.
THE LATE JUDGE HILTON.
JUDGE HENRY HILTON, who died
last Thursday In New York, became
conspicuous through his connection
with the estate of Alexander Stewart,
the dry goods millionaire.
The first dozen years of Hilton's life
have always been hidden in mystery. His
parentage, tha exact place of his birth
and even the date of his birth are un-
known. He would never tell of them.
But from the best information obtain-
able the ex-Judge was born in New York
city about seventy-five years ago, and
it ls said his father was a carter. The
first thing definitely known is that he be-
came a clerk ln the law office of Camp
-1 bell & Cleveland in Grand street, when
he was about 15 years old.
An Indefatigable worker, he became
managing clerk qf the firm and was such
when Alexander Turnly Stewart, the man
who had come penniless from Ireland and
a client of the firm, was being talked
about as a very successful business man.
Stewart's business was gradually out-
growing his store at Broadway and
Chambers street, and he was planning to
build a great white marble structure that
would be the greatest store in the coun-
He frequently consulted the law firm on
his plans. The lawyers turned them over
in a great measure to the managing clerk
and soon Stewart began consulting direct
with the subordinate. The big structure
which Stewart erected was in great part
the result of young Hilton's advice.
A few years later Hilton resigned every-
thing else to become private counsel and
confidential secretary of the. great mer-
chant prince. He soon became acquainted
with every detail of the vast business. He
counseled Stewart to move uptown. The
a. . . -^ , - , m ■ »-j M-J *?*.! a^J **.~J tanj *MfW Ef*^ S> 1 .
?== — . "' , =?====>f}B-»
•'|| ■; EXTRA EDITION ■} |
OF M
*|| "CALL" ||
1 SOUVENIR! 1
a \ m ■ ■ *
» f-*,J^ , w
>| c~"' ■ ' ■ 4 H
Owing to the great demand !
1 Owing: to the great demand j
I i o o i a
1 ! for the Souvenir Edition, it be- I
I came necessary to run off jl
icame necessary this great J ,a V
! another issue of this great j 1
H I paper. Agents, newsdealers i m
¥ I and the public in general can \ t
j now procure any number i
of these papers by placing
• I their orders at Call Business J
fi&w °ffice- «^M
|||g^ Office.
• ★ fe fe fe fefefefefefefefefe fe fe~fe fefefefefefefefefe **
THE CALL'S SOUVENIR EDITION
PRAISED BY THE PRESS
■••'-'' A MARVELOUS ISSUE.
Nevada City Transcript.
The San Francisco Call supplement Issued yesterday morning In celebration
of the First California Regiment's return from the Philippines was one of the
most complete and elaborate publications of the kind that has ever yet been
achieved by any newspaper in the world. 'It is not only richly illustrated but
the letterpress tells in graphic manner the 'history of the regiment's tribulations
and triumphs. . r^-
The flrst of the eight pages is devoted to a picture of the transport Sherman
plowing her way through the Golden Gate, that stands out with the vividness of
an oil painting. The other illustrations that adorn' every page are equally an
propriate and spirited. * p"
.The most notable of these is a full- page illustration of the heroic Califor
. nians charging to the rescue of the Pennsylvanians when those gallant soldiers
were attacked by the Spaniards .during a terrific storm on the night of Juiv 11
IS9B-the first battle of the Philippine war. The grim face of Brigadier General
James F. Smith, together with that of Colonel Victor Duboce and all the other
officers of the regiment, looks from the fourth page of the supplement and on the
fifth page is a figure of California, mourning her heroic dead surrounded by pic-
tures of all the gallant men who fell victims to the foemen's bullets or the deadly-
Philippine climate. « , * xxx.
.1 - .. . Pasadena Star. •
The Call's picture of the returning Sherman is magnificent and adds another
to the long string of that paper s triumphs in the line of marine views. Boys
who love ship 6 should get this picture and save it.
-.-./.' Pasadena News. ,
• The San Francisco* Call rather outdid itself in the edition welcoming the re-
turning soldiers. Its . illustrations ; were works of art and its enterprise is to be
commended. . . , _ . , ;.
big store at Broadway and Ninth street
was the result. He invested the $3,000,000
income of Stewart. He was a figure in
all the great merchant's projects. In the
fifties he married. Then he became Judge
of the Court of Common Pleas. In 1563 he
became Park Commissioner under Tweed.
When the Tweed ring was at its height
of its prosperity the splendid project of
the Viaduct Rapid Transit road was
launched. Hilton was exceedingly close
to Tweed and Sweeney and the other
leaders. .Stewart was a great property
owner and a merchant, and his
approval and cV-operation were of prime
importance. As long as the "Merchant
Prince" lived he fought every scheme
looking to the building of a street car
line on Broadway, and defeated project
after project looking to that end. He was
the largest individual property owner on
the great street and believed that the
parallel Iron rails would depreciate real
estate values on it. Ninety per cent of
the other owners had supreme confidence
in his judgment, and their consent to the
car line could never be obtained. At this
time Stewart's name was a tower of
strength to any enterprise. To Hilton
was assigned the task of interesting him
in the viaduct line. Tweed and Sweeney
saw untold millions' in its construction
after the fashion of the new Courthouse.
A dazzling picture of the great advan
tages the road would bring to the city
was held up to the eyes of Mr. Stewart.
Hilton eloquently dwelt on the vast rev
enues it would yield to Its stockholders,
who would be held In everlasting honor
for their splendid enterprise. Mr. Stew
art was captivated by the project and
pledged himself to take something like
$100,000 worth of the stock. Other emi
nent merchants, , bankers and capitalists
promised their support. A meeting was
held, directors were elected and Henry
Hilton was chosen psesident of the board. ;
Hilton used all the $100,000 In fitting up
the offices, and when the Tweed ring
' broke up the project fell through. ■
! ANOTHER CHANCE FOR THE.JUDGE.
A T Stewart had a sincere admiration
1 f or General Grjmt^and when the 22 ye
■ ment was started to bri rfc TTlrfi fofwafd as
l a candidate for the Presidency no one was
I more active ln it than the merchant mil-
lionaire. This was another chance for the
Judge to strut and swell and run
things " There were conferences and con-
sultations with leading statesmen and
politicians, merchants and capitalists.
eminent lawyers and bankers. There
were dinners and receptions, public meet-
ings and private ones in counting-rooms
and club parlors, correspondence with
strong and powerful men all over the
Union. The great object in view was to
harmonize all differences of opinion and
weld together a strong party in support
of the victory of Appomattox. At first the
Democracy thought of putting him in
nomination. It was argued that he never
had voted the Republican ticket in his
life; that he was an old Democrat. With-
in the highest councils of the Republican
party there was a strong opposition to
the conqueror of the rebellion.
£ No man contributed more than Stewart
in turning the tide in favor of Grant In
this city. He gave a great dinner party
to General Grant at the Fifth-avenue
Palace, .at which were the foremost men
of the city. It was the first time that
many of them had met the first soldier of
the republic. The guests of Mr. . Stewart
on that occasion were dazzled by a golden
dinner service such as few men under the
rank of royalty ever possessed. About
that dinner service there will be some-
thing to say later on. Then followed a
great mass-meeting in favor of Grant at
the Cooper Union. Stewart had been the
mainspring of the affair, and he was so
confident that he would be chosen to pre-
side that he asked in advance his confi
dential cashier. Mr. Hopkins, if he would
act as one of the secretaries, which the
newspapers of the time show that he did.
In all this Grant business Hilton was the
mere messenger and clerk of Stewart.
And here we have another illustration
of the extraordinary fatality that has at-
tended everything that the once powerful
merchant possessed. Since Hilton s mar-
velous absorption of the Stewart millions
to him and not to his great benefactor
has been given the sole credit for having
been instrumental in elevating Grant to
the Presidency. Only a few days ago this
sentence occurred In a complimentary
newspaper sketch of the Judge:
"In 1868 he worked hard for the election
of General Grant to the Presidency."
Yes, but it was as the paid servant of
Stewart. Hilton in all his life never
"worked" for anybody unless he was well
rewarded for his services. Who was Hil-
ton at this time that he should have been
of the slightest consequence in the elec
tion of a Republican candidate to the chief
magistracy of the republic?
HIS OWN .RATING.
In the first place, he was known as one
of the intimate associates of Tweed and
Peter B. Sweeney and "Dick" Connolly
and the rest of the plundering gang. They
made him a Park Commissioner. He wai
one of the men upon whom they could d*
pend in all their schemes and projects.
I He was unknown in the world of trade.
| The only standing he had was that which
came from his position as the private
; counsel of A. T. Stewart. He was a mem
; ber of a law firm, but his standing at the
• bar was never rated very high, except by
'■ himself. It is ludicrous to speak of Hil
' ton's services to General Grant in bring
| ing him forward as a Presidential candi-
date. It was Stewart who helped Grant,
I and it was Hilton who did the routine
I drudgery, which was amply paid for in
' Stewart's golden checks. Hilton's salary
I at this time must have been about $20,000
a year, and later on it went up to $30,000.
The tremendous effort Stewart made In
: behalf of General Grant— an effort Grant
thoroughly understood, and when he be
; came President showed that he appreci
i ated— . perhaps the most unselfish act
iin Stewart's life* With all Stewart's
j faults and failings— his avarice, his un-
sympathetic nature, with a heart as cold
jas the marble of the great downtown
store, as hard as the iron of the uptown
j one, where the name of Hilton is now so
| brazenly flaunted, and as barren of affec
! tion as the Hempstead Plains, where hi 3
I bones are supposed to lie beneath cathe
-1 dral arches— he was a man of the very
j loftiest conceptions. The maker out of
! a slender capital of millions and millions
! of money, gathered aiid garnered at flrst
! by the slowest and most painful of com-
I mercial processes, screwing here and
! pinching there, he had, nevertheless, the
{ genius to do and to dare great things. The
; Grant episode is one of them. And when
j Grant, as President, gave conclusive evi
j dence of the esteem in which he held
Stewart by sending his nartie to the Sen-
ate as his Secretary* of the Treasury, the
most astonished and the most gratified
i man in all the country was Stewart him-
self. His confirmation was assured until
some ' delver in old and long-forgotten
statutes found that the act of Congress
organizing the Treasury Department stip
ulated that a man who Imported goods for
gain and barter was debarred from hold-
ing the great office. It was. a bitter blow
to A. T. Stewart.
A GREAT SACRIFICE.
There was one way and one way only
out of the difficulty that had arisen.
Stewart should give up the business with
which his name had been Identified for
more than forty years and become a re-
tired merchant. It was a tremendous sac-
rifice to make. The annual profits of the
great stores, retail and wholesale, ran
Into the millions— somewhere from two to
four or ten millions of that gold of which
Stewart, in his all-devouring avaricious-
ness, could never get enough. Was it un-
der the advice of Hilton that he consented
to the sacrifice and surrender of It all?
No one now can tell except Hilton him-
self, and it is very certain that the secret
will never be disclosed by him-.
The "Judge" was playing for great
stakes at that time. Whichever way he
turned there were millions in full view-
millions on which, subsequent events show
he had got his eyes, eyes more avaricious
than even those of Stewart himself.
Twenty-five or thirty- thousand dollars a
year was paid about this time to "advise"
his master, and what was the advice?
That this ambitious old man, 67 years of
age, should assign the interest of'his mil-
lions to him and accept the petty salary*
of 18000 a year as a Cabinet officer with
in the future. Robeson and Belknap and
Williams as his associates. It was a mag-
nificent play for millions on the part of
Hilton. The date was 1569. in the early
March days of that year. If fortune had
not played Henry Hilton false then he
would have been in the saddle of the
Stewart millions at a date seven year*
anterior to that on which he vaulted into
their control, after the old man's eves
had been closed forever on Cabinet "of-
fices, on coin and on cotton, on hotels
and on hosiery, on earth and all that
earth contained.
When Stewart died he left Hilton $1,000,
- But in some wav that has never been
I explained nearly all of the Stewart mil
! lions came into Hilton's possession. He
became the owner of the store at Broad-
way and Ninth street. He changed the
firm to that of Hilton. Hughes & Den-
ning. But the money making power had
vanished with Stewart and Hilton's plans
i never prospered. The business failed
finally in 1596.
After Mrs. Stewart's death numerous
efforts were made by relatives to deprive
Hilton of the Stewart millions. All failed.
Judge Hilton had much trouble in the
last few years with some of his sons, who
were inclined to be wild.
DESCRIBING THE GOVERNOR
in His Glory.
From the Bulletin. August 25.
The staff was brilliant and ornamental.
General Seamans and Colonel Chadbourne
being the closest in the chief executive's
confidence were in conversation with him.
The Governor was entirely unknown. He
seemed a strange figure among that but
terfly lot of men, arrangements in black
and gold and feathers. The Governor a*
sack coat and stained gray trousers
made him most conspicuous. He was
there and he intended to be seen.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
«•«
Charged With Felonious Assault.
G. Mauri, the Japanese who was arrest
ed Sunday night for throwing down Annie
Maloney, a domestic employed by William
A. Wilson, 1114 Pine street, as she entered
the garden, was yesterday booked at the
City Prison on the charge of felonious
assault. - -
Very Low Bates East.
On August 29 and 30, the popular Santa IT«
route will sell tickets to Philadelphia and re*
turn at the very low rate of $S3 85. Occa
sion, National Encampment. O. A. R. Call at
628 Market st. for full particulars.
Physicians will tell you Dr. Slegert'a Angos
tura Bitters Is the best of all tonics . and
otomach regulators. Druggists sell It. 7: -5CASEY'S PAL
SUPPOSED TO
BE IN HIDING
• ■ ♦ —
His Reported Death Is
Not Believed.
— ■ ■
)LICE ON HIS TRAIL
♦
•HANDSOME" GEORGE ADAMS IS
HANDSOME" GEORGE ADAMS IS
ALSO MISSING.
— — ♦.
Evidently Fearing Exposure, He
Evidently Fearing Exposure, He
Packs His Grip and
Goes to Parts Un-
known.
— — ♦
The police ar" hopeful of apprehending
"Jack"' Kelly, the partner of "Jack"
Casey, who Is locked up In the tanks in
the City Prison on suspicion of being
one of the men who robbed the specie
room of the steamer Alameda and got
away with five thousand sovereigns. Not
withstanding the statement of Casey and
his friends that Kelly is now occupying
•six feet of earth In a cemetery In New
Orleans, having, so they claimed, died of
typhoid fever, the detectives who are
working on the case are convinced that
ho is still alive and that he accompanied
Casey on his return trip to this city.
They, however, are satisfied that he is in
hiding either in Oakland or Berkeley and
is anxiously awaiting word from Casey
before he surrenders himself.
Casey still proclaims his Innocence of
any participation in the Alameda rob
bery. While admitting that he frequently
met Howard, he emphatically denies Chat
he had anything to do with the robbery
of the specie room of the Alameda.
"I had read that I was suspected." he
remarked yesterday, "and as 1 knew they
would get me sooner or later 1 decided
to give myself up. I returned to this city
last Saturday, and in order to celebrate
the occasion 1 proceeded to get gloriously
full. After visiting a number of saloons
1 met a friend in whom I had the most
Implicit confidence and told him my story.
He advised me to surrender myself to
the police, claiming that after I had
cleared my skirts I would be release.!.
Acting on his suggestion I told him to
telephone to police headquarters, an
nouncing my return and my desire to es
tablish mv Innocence. He did as I re
quested ahd a few minutes later Detec
tive Sullivan appeared and placed me
under arrest.
••I was willing to answer any question
was willing to answer any question
the ;>olice put to me, but I did not ex
pect that they would throw me in the
tanks and deny my right to send for an
attorney I know nothing about the rob
herv oi the specie * mm of the Alame
da and can rove that I was ln this City
when it came off. Murphy, who Is said
to be my accomplice, is now in Australia.
It Is true that he and I were warm
frien is and that we .■.-■ me to this city to
eether. Knowing that lie was being fol
lowed bj the police he wisely concluded
to returii to Australia rather than suffer
l-e'.ng thrown in prison on suspicion of
being one of the Alameda robbers. It is
true that Kelly died of typhoid fever in
N*e w Orleans. I did not see him buried,
sut from ■ is friends i learned that he had
*■•.•>, c .imbed to the fever and was interred
In a pauper's grave."
Notwithstanding Casey's statement the
detectives have received positive infor
mation showing that Kelly Is not only
Hiive. but came to this city with Casey.
Learning that the police were after him
ne suddenly disappeared after announcing
his intention of going into hiding until the
"war clouds passed away," as he ex
pressed It.
Since the arrest of Casey "Handsome"
George Adams has disappeared and the
police believe thai he has left the city.
Adams was the confidential friend of
How ird. the clever swindler, who is now
supposed to be on his way to the Orient.
After making a statement to the police
In whfch he denied knowing anything
about Howard's crooked trasactions Ad
ams promised to remain in the city, as
his presence was demanded in case the
detectives succeeded in arresting Casey.
As soon as lie learned that the latter was
In the*- tanks Adams got cold feet and
skipped out. Last night the detectives
were scouring the tenderloin in the hope
of getting Information as to his where
abouts.
_♦
CASEY AFTER A WRIT.
Technicality of the Law Invoked to
Secure His Release.
John Casey, suspected of being impli
cated in the theft of 8000 sovereigns from
the strong box of the Alameda, and in the
opinion of the police one of those who
plotted to take the life of Millionaire
Creen, will appear before Judge Murasky
at 12 o'clock to-day that the merits of a
writ of habeas corpus, sworn out in his
behalf by his friend. Edward Alexander,
may be determined. In the application
for the writ Alexander sets forth that
Casey Is not held in custody under an or
der of court or any Judge or any process
or warrant of any judicial or executive
officer giving authority for the Imprison
ment of the suspect. George D. Collins
represents the prisoner.
RENEWED INTEREST IN THE
GREAT MONTEREY EXCURSION
A Fine Programme of Sports Prom-
ised by the Mayor.
Now that our citizens have somewhat
recovered from the excitement attend
ant on the magnificent demonstration
accorded to our returning California
volunteer?, the public's attention is
now being gradually manifested to
ward the great Monterey excursion
which is to take place Sunday next,
September 3.
The Southern Pacific passenger de
partment are just in receipt of a letter
from Mayor Johnson of Monterey, from
which we quote the following:
"Various committee* who have this
programme of sports in hand report
everything working well. We will have
about twelve to fifteen of the worst
'broncos' that can be found in this part
of the country and which will amuse
the people when they are saddled by
good riders. Will also have about the
same number of wild two and three
year olds. A few wild buffaloes will
also be on the ground for the bare-back
riders. Work on the grand stand will
begin Monday." y2- -'. '>.v*:
As heretofore announced the excur
sion trains will leave Third and Town-
Bend street depot at 8 o'clock a. m., and
returning will leave Monterey at 4:45
p. m. These trains will run through
■without stops, except for water and
registering.
Special excursion tickets will be
placed on sale at the Grand Hotel
ticket office on Wednesday, the 30th
Inst., and continued up to Saturday in
clusive. Tickets will be on sale at
Third street depot and Valencia street
on the morning of the excursion.
Mr. William H. Menton, excursion
passenger agent, reports a large inquiry
for these excursion tickets, the low
rate of $2 being well received.
Oakland passengers will take the
train which leaves East Oakland at 6:30
a. m. Passengers from Berkeley will
have to take the 6 a. m. train and those
from Alameda will take the local train
leaving Park street at 5:55 a. m.
It should be remembered that this is
the last excursion of the season to Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific Grove at
the J2 rate.
» m ■
Wallace Beck Dead.
WATSONVILLE, Aug. 28.— Wallace
(eck, son of Hen. Thomas Beck, former
:^eck. son of Hon. Thomas. Beck, former
etary of State, died suddenly at his
Secretary of State, died suddenly at his
home In Watsonville yesterday morning.
He was a native of California, aged 43
years.
Keith's leading millinery house for the
new walkers. 80S Market street. •
YOUNG MEN WHO WILL STRIVE
FOR THE ARCHBISHOP'S MEDAL
Essays Arc Being Carefully
Prepared for th> Annual
Contest to Be Held in
Metropolitan Temple.
Diamond Trophy Offered by
His Grace, Archbishop P. W.
Riordan, Arouses Rivalry
Among; the Competitors.
*° f>. ,X Tuesday evening next five young
•**-* I ] orators of the League of the Cross
"" ] orators of the League of the Cross
•* U Cadets will compete for the most
■»* coveted and valuable prize of the
88 coveted and valuable prize of the
8 organization — Archbishop Riordan's
*5 diamond medal. The fourth annual
** diamond medal. The fourth annual
88 essay contest will be held In Metropol
is Itan Temple on the night of Septem-
is itan Temple on the night of Beptem
** ber 5, and the subject of the essay Is
SS "The Saloon and the American Work-
8S "The Saloon and the American Work
s' ingman."
•? ingman."
8? The winners in their respective dls-
SS tricts who have received silver medals
i* tricts who have received silver medals
1% for their victories and who will com
iJJ pete for the prize are: Lieutenant \V.
JS A. Kelly, representing the first district;
j* Lieutenant A. Osbourne, second dls-
£■**> Lieutenant A. Osbourne. second dis
2*» triet; Private James McCarren of
j-j triet: Private James Met arren of
*. Company M. representing the third dis
*i triet; Private Bernard Power of Com-
% triet. Private Bernard Power of Com
*♦ panj G, representing the fourth dis
as%
SENSATION IN
PARRY CASE
IS EXPLODED
Defense Explains to
Prosecution.
Matters moved slowly in the Parry case
in Judge Graham's court yesterday after
noon. Attorney Knight and the defendant
kept the court waiting for over a half
hour but when they finally appeared
apologies were offered and accepted ami
the case went on. , Z'*'Jl
There was the promise of spicy develop
ments when Prosecuting Attorney Went
worth introduced testimony to prove that
Mrs Parry had registered at the Palace
under the name of Mrs. Corbett. Specta
tors leaned forward and there was an
awful hush in the courtroom. Then At
torney Knight, with a winning smile and
easy grace stepped to the front and with
one fell swoop smashed the sensation.
•'There is no necessity for all this ques
tioning," he said. "We admit Mrs. Parry |
registered at the Palace under the name
of Mrs. Corbett. 1 do not know whether
it was as Mrs. Jim. but I do know it
was done at her husband's request and
that afterward he was ejected from the
hotel because he, Mr. Frank Parry, was
'found in 'Mrs. Corbett's room.
Isaac Parry, father of the deceased,
who was put on the stand by the prose
cution proved a splendid witness for the
defence Parry told how, when he ques
tioned his son as to how he had received
his wound, he had declared it was an
a^Arenyou telling me the truth, Frank?"
he said; and Frank* repeated: "It was an
"And your boy was always truthful?"
ouestloned Knight. 'X'Z'.-.,
"My boy was habitually truthful," re
plied the witness. .... „. **,_.
Van Valkenberg. stepfather of the
defendant, was the first witness of the
afternoon. The cross-examination of this
Witness brought out no further testimony
than that which had been offered at his
direct examination. X-'-'P . _j
Mr* Van Valkenberg took the stand
after her husband and told of the peaceful
family meal that preceded the shooting
When Mrs. Van Valkenberg heard the
shot she ran toward Parry's room and
heard him cry. "Mamma, mamma, come
tome; I'm shot." When she reached the
deceased's room she found him leaning
up against a door. "How did it happen?"
said the witness to the wounded man, ana
he answered. "It was an accident.
Miss Minnie Brown, sister of Mrs.
Parry, and Miss Phemy Harrison her
cousin were both called and told in detail
the same general story as had been re
peated by the previous witnesses. They
knew nothing of a quarrel in regard to
Leo Hirschman and understood that Mr.
and Mrs. Parry' were a most loving and
devoted couple. On the night of the shoot
ing both In response to calls, went to
Parry's room, but neither questioned
either wife or husband as to the shooting.
Miss Brown's testimony developed the
fact that Mrs. Parry had gone last No
vember for a lengthy visit to a step
•sister in Los Angeles, but if she subse
quently went to Arizona the witness knew
nothing about It- , 
The case will go on this morning at 11
o'clock. _»______———
Complete flies of The Call contain
ing accounts of the welcome home to
our heroes can be obtained at Call
Business Oflice. Send a copy to your
Eastern friends.
Waiters Have a Grievance.
The Walters' Union has a grievance
against Caterer Abrams, who served and
furnished the breakfast and banquet to
the California volunteers. The members
of the union who assisted Abrams on both
occasions allege that he agreed to pay
them $2 50 per day for their services and
only gave them $2. The matter will be
brought up at the next meeting of the
union. - - *
Every home should have a copy of
The Call's splendid Souvenir Edition.
The Call's splendid Souvenir Edition.
Volunteers Will Attend.
Many of the California volunteers have
accepted the invitation to be present
accepted the invitation to be present
Thursday night in Native Sons' Hall to
attend the social to be given by Branch
No. 7 of the Young Ladies' Institute.
THE SAN I KAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1899.
DUKE IS ASSIGNED
TO CHINESE QUARTER
Sergeant Donovan and his squad have
been relieved from duty in Chinatown.
Yesterday Chief Lees, on account of the
temporary Illness of Donovan, decided to
withdraw the Chinatown squad. Ser
geant Duke of the O'Farrell street station
is to take his place Duke's squad will
consist of Policemen Robert Conner. John ;
Herlihy. "John Davids, John Conlan and i
Fabian Callahan.
Sergeant Donovan, notwithstanding
that he has been detailed in Chinatown
only a comparatively short time, has
made a brilliant record. Ably assisted
by Police Officers Campbell, Save, Lyons,
Hering ar.d Griffin, he succeeded In clos
ing a number of games that were con
sidered impregnable by the former squads.
In his anxiety to suppress gambling In
Chinatown .Donovan overworked himself,
and .is the result he became ill. Chief
Lees, on learning of his condition, ordered
him to stay away from the Chinese quar
ter until he became convalescent. Despite
the order of the head of the department
Donovan, evidently anxious about his
men, frequently visited Chinatown "just
to see what was going on," as he cx
i pressed it. Realizing that his impaired
i health would not allow him to continue
in his determined fight against the law
i breakers of the Chinese quarter. Chief
i Lees decided to withdraw him and his
squad.
Sergeant Duke was selected by the
Chief to take Donovan's place, and at his
j suggestion he was allowed to pick the men
c that compose his squad.
Donovan to-day leaves on a two weeks'
'. vacation. On his return he will be as
i signed to duty at the O'Farrell street sta
| tion to take the place of Sergeant Duke.
* *» * ■■ -
j Keith's millinery opening Sept. 1 and 1 •
■
CURED! CURED! CURED!
iU/ \liil/ DR# MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT CURES
ti/ v Lftfe DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT CURES
RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO, LA (IRIPPt.
RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO, LA GRIPPE.
I'JrP^r^, T'K McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I herewith give you a statement
iSn^lfl'^lk DR- McLAUGHLIX-Dear Sir: I herewith give you a statement
m^i^^S^BmW¥^^f^SS__fi_____\ of what your Kelt lias done for me. At the time I began the use of it
BiS^'A \/f '/'/ - was about completely knocked out with a bad case of La Grippe, as
WwE&Z •^o\\lffi/-/'^ _--^fcP» well as Lumbago and Rheumatism. Inside of four days' use of the
■ HflSteTg^^^i^^,*fsi,T?**^yi*jW^ Belt the Lumbago and Rheumatism were completely removed, and '
B l&A WVfglf '*^ ■ ■t^tSS-O-PsmJII" after two weeks every sign of the other troubles disappeared. To me
It has been the cheapest investment. I have ever made, and it will be
•^■^SffTNlLi" y a pleasure to state what it has done for me. Yours very truly.
i>*|V>VN- PATRICK T. DERBY. 36 Federal street, San Francisco.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S NEW METHOD
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S NEW METHOD
........ « *•■'**.- *,**-." *- *
Is a system of adapting Electricity to special diseases. My famous Body Belt, Which generates a more powerfu
current than any other body appliance in the world, is applied while the patient sleeps, and its soothing, warming
energy infused into the afflicted part. It restores action, feeling and strength, and will positively cure.
ARE YOU SUFFERING
If so, come and see me. Let me explain it to you free. Let me show you how simple, yet powerful, my
If so, come and see me. Let me explain it to you free. Let me show you how simple, yet powerful, my
method is. . Let me show you the evidence of the thousands cured and explain to you how simply it is done.
PREE BOOK. CALL OR SEND POR BOOK-PREE.
PREE BOOK. CALL OR SEND POR BOOK-PREE.
nn II I 1 1* I IliniJl 111 702 Market. Cor. Kearny, °«!c* Hours-s a.m. to 8:30 P.m-
nn II A ll«%l I linill 111 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, o««e HourB-sa.m. to8:3o p.m-
lIX M 11 Mri DM HI 111 S.F.. and Burdick Block. Sundays. 10 to I.
Will 111 l 111 IfIULnUUIIi-l 111 Cor. Spring »nd Second. Lot Angelei. NEVER SOLD IN STORES.
Friends of the Competitors
Anxiously Awaiting the
Night of the Contest of
Oratory and Rhetoric.
Temperance Theme Chosen for
Five Studious Members to
Ponder Over and Discuss
for a Prize. <
triet, and Private James T. McQua'.d •?
of Company F, representing th*j fifth S?
district. •'
district. •*
The meeting will be presided over by •*
Walter K. Horn, president of the or- it?
t'anlzatlon. As yet the judges of the SS
contest have not been chosen. It is «8
understood their names will not be iS
given out until the night of the con- SS
test. It is feared the hall will not be 'it
large enough to hold the members and JS
friends of the organization, ln form- .♦
years the Mechanics'. Pavilion was **£
used, but the managers of the affair -j_
decided that in Metrooollta;: Temple j*^
the contestants would have bet; :r op- •
portunity to display their oratorical "r.
powers. Cards of admission may be <-,
obtained from members and nt the r.
Monitor offlce. r.
CORPORATIONS SUBJECT
TO THE STATE LAW
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday handed down an important opinion
in favor of the respondents In the suit of
Frederick Williams vs. The Gold Hill
Mining Company, George C. Gaylord,
Charles E. Maddrell and Dwight T. Rolfe.
The action "nad teen brought to fore
close a mortgage of $50,000 on one hundred
bonds of the denomination of $300 each,
issued July 1, 1860, interest payable semi
annually at the rate of 10 per cent per an
num. The mortgage was held by G. Liv
ingstone Morse of New York as trustee.
At the trial it was contended by the re
spondents that the mortgage was void for
the reason that it had been Incurred with
out a two-thirds vote of the stockholders,
as required by the laws of the State of
California. The complainants set up the
contention that the Gold Hill Mining Com
pany, being a foreign corporation, was
not bound by the laws of California. In
his opinion sustaining tiu jurisdiction of
the laws of the State over foreign cor
porations doing business within its boun
daries Judge M.ii row said:
"The personnel and the Internal man
agement of foreign corporations are sub
ject to the laws of the State In which
they are organized, and by virtue of
which they are entitled to exist as cor
porations. But when such foreign cor
porations come to do business in Califor
nia they are restrained by the public pol
icy of the State from the enjoyment of
privileges not participated In by the do
mestic corporations organized under and
existing by virtue of the laws of this
State."
The opinion goes on to say that the laws
of the State prescribe that mortgages
must be ratified by a two-thirds vote of
the stockholders, and the mortgage upon
which the cause of action was based not
having been so ratified is Invalid.
VOLUNTEERS MAY REGISTER.
Registrar Steppacher yesterday ad
dressed the following note to Colonel Vic
tor Duboce:
Colonel V. D. Duboce, Commanding First
Colonel V. D. Duboce, Commanding First
Cailfornla Volunteers, Presidio, fa l— Colonel:
I beg to Inform you that registration for the
municipal election, to be held on Tuesday, No
vember 7, IS9J, Is now open and the officers and
men under your command who were citizens of
San Francisco prior, to their departure for the
Philippines are entitled to register for said
election; provided, they are. or will be. resi
dents of the precinct In which they claim the
right to vote thirty days preceding the elec
tion. ,*■*;.• \ -.;:.
The office Is open dally from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m
Please convey this Information to your officers
and men. Respectfully.
J. STEPPACHER,
Registrar of Voters.
Mr. Steppacher also addressed a note to
Mrs. Clara Foltz. the attorney, in which
he denied the application of that lady for
a place upon the great register. He ex
plained and quoted at length the law upon
the much mooted question as is a lady's
due, but he declined firmly to turn her
loose at the polls.
CORONER'S JURY
CHARGES TANNER
WITH MURDER
t
Had Threatened to
Kill His Victims.
ARMED HIMSELF AND WAITED
■ ■■■♦ *
CALLED MRS.' BARNES AND
CALLED MBS. BARNES AND
BROWN VILE NAMES.
♦ ■■ ■■
Challenged Brown to Combat, and on
Challenged Brown to Combat, and on
the Challenge Being Accepted
Shot Him and the Woman
Dead.
•*►—
The Coroner's jury that heard the testi
mony at the inquest yesterday morning
upon the bodies of Deputy Sheriff James
B. Brown and Mrs. Fannie Barnes re
turned a verdict charging George Tanner
with murder in the first degree. Coroner
Hill disapproved of the verdict, and upon
his instructing the jury that a verdict of
murder was all that was necessary under
"Crowner's Quest" law, -the verdict was
changed to that of murder.
Tanner was present at the inquest,
guarded by Detective Dillon. Ke de
clined to make any statement. He is a
short, thickset man and looks every inch
the sailor with his grizzled beard and
brown skin.
The first witness was Louis Mill, pro
prietor of the St. Malo lodging house, in
which the shooting was done. He swore
that Tanner was drinking heavily last
Saturday and that he had had an alter-
cation with Brown downtown, and that
Brown had slapped his face. When Tan-
ncr saw Mrs. Barries in the hallway he
called her a vile name and she struck
him across the face with a towel that
was hanging to dry upon the banisters.
Tanner demanded of the witness the re-
volver which he had given to him two
months before for safe keeping, l.pon
Tanner producing a permit to carry a
| pistol Mill gave him the weapon.
Tanner came back about half past 4
o'clock in the afternoon and went to his
room, where he took off his coat and
1 then walked up and down the hallway In
' his shirt sleeves in front of the rooms
occupied by his victims, cursing them.
! Shortly after 5 o'clock Brown and Mrs.
! Barnes came in. and the witness called
! Brown Into his offlce and told him that
Tanner had a pistol in his pocket and
was going to kill Brown and Mrs. Barnes.
Brown asked what for. and then said that
it was all right. Brown and the woman
went to their room and Tanner began
calling them names. Tanner said that If
: Brown would step out into the back yard
'■ he would show him what the matter was.
Both came out of their rooms, and Brown
asked Tanner whether he wanted to fight
him. to which Tanner replied: "O. no;
1 don't want to fight you." Then Tan
ner shoved Brown and Brown caught hold
of Tanner, and a. scuffle followed. Tan
ner was thrown to the floor, and the
witness seized Tanner's hand to pre
vent him drawing his revolver. Brown
drew his pistol, held it by the handle and
i threatened to strike Tanner if he did not
desist Then Brown handed a bunch of
keys to Mill and requested him to open
1 the police box and summon the police.
Mill ran to the box, but could not open
1 it and when he was returning he heard
shots and his wife came .to the head of
the stairs and Informed him that Brown
: was dead. He saw Brown and the woman
: lying on their backs in the hallway,
dead. , .. ... ...
When the police came Mill told them.
When the police came Mill told them.
I that Tanner was a murderer and had
i killed two persona In his house. Tanner
was sitting on the side of his bed and
remarked: "Oh, that's nothing.
Mrs Marie Mill, wife of th.- preceding
witness, corroborated her husband's tes
tlmonv She saw Tanner shoot at Brown
twice" and when Brown fell to the floor
she threw herself upon his body and did
what she could for him. because she
i liked Mr. Brown and the rest of her
lodgers very much. .iwv
John Lambert, driver of a wagon for
Hobbs & Wall, saw Tanner knock at
Brown's door and heard him call Brown
a vile name and say: "Come out here
' and I'll do you up.'; When Tanner and
; Brown came together Brown drew a re-
I volver, caught it by the barrel in the
i manner of a club, and said: I 11 kill
I you " Brown had one arm around Tan
. ner's neck. After Brown got Tanner down
on the floor Brown gave the witness a
bunch of key's and requested him to go
to the parted box and summon the police.
When the witness returned Brown was
dead. _ ,
Charles Thurston saw Tanner draw a
revolver from his waistband and shoot
Brown. Mrs. Barnes came running
through the hall screaming. Tanner
turned and shot her. and fired another
shot at Brown after he had fallen.
William Phillips, the next witness, was
not a witness to the shooting, but after
Tanner's arrest the witness asked Tan
ner why he had killed Brown and Mrs.
Barnes." and Tanner replied: "1 had to
Mrs Phillips, wife of the preceding wit
ness had a talk with Tanner at about
half 'past 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and
took "just one drink" with Tanner out of
a quart bottle of whisky that Tanner had.
He was under the Influence of liquor and
told her that he had been to the jail to
see Brown and to inform him of Mrs.
Barnes' conduct, he having heard that
the woman had been In a back room of
the Hoffman saloon with some man or
men. He and Brown went to the Hoff
man that night to watch for her in case
she should go there again.
When Brown and the woman came
I home, a short time before the tragedy,
I Brown spoke of having struck Tanner In
the face when they had met downtown.
Mrs Barnes also spoke of the trouble
she had had that -morning with Tanner,
when she slapped his face.
At tho time of the shooting Mrs. Phil
lips was ln her room and did not see the
Robert Whittle, detective, testified that
when he arrested Tanner immediately
after the murder Tanner was drunk, and
said that he did the killing in self-de
fense. Tanner seemed to be sorry He
was not so drunk that he didn't know
i what he was doing.
The prisoner was taken before Police
I Judge Conlan and was instructed as to
his rights. His preliminary examination
was set for September 1.
Mail The Call's great Souvenir
Edition to your friends.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ____■_■.-.-. TJ
»♦•!■ * ■!■ >!■ < ■;.♦■:•♦ ■!■ ♦ *i* » ■!■ » *+fr+*-H^»*WW* •:■ » !■ *Il*■H * * ij^fj
FINE QUALITY NEW GOODS AT INVITING
FINE QUALITY NEW GOODS AT INVITING
PRICES.
PRICES.
/ mm — —i i ii ■ i IMii..wif^—
LADIES' JACKETS.
LADIES' JACKETS.
. Ladies' Kersey Cloth Jackets in black, navy and tan; fly
• fronts, faced with silk serge, extra value at $5.00 each.
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS.
Ladies' fancy metallic underskirts, Spanish flounce, with
double ruffle; were 52 50, will be placed on sale at $1.50
each.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
• French Crepon, 46 inches wide, in a variety of designs;
positively a bargain at $1.00 per yard.
SILKS.
Black "Cable-cord" Taffeta, the latest novelty, splendid
value at 90c and $1.00 per yard.
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
Zibeline Camels Hair Cloth and Novelty Plaids, 50c per
yard.
IFlj Murphy Building, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
Extra Pale
—the joint produc-
tion of knowledge,
honesty and capital.
honesty and capital.
Clear, mild and spark-
ling—free from adul-
teration. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St. j
4 visit OR. JORDAN'S great,*
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
a £fe 1051 ST. bet. 6&17&, S.F.CtI. A
T Hf The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
A ■ JL. World Weaknesses of any contracted A
W dfcf'gjh disease pr-nUivr-ly e«r«J . y the oldest T
*0 Jg 31 Spectaiiitcn the Coast. Est. 36 years 0
Sl^lll OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ tfCgfaft Consultation free and stri'tly private. \
A I iWi? ■ ~^" "mcnt personally or by letter. A A
f I flr SI ■ jfai.tne Cure in every case undertaken. V
A mil lift Ver'ff.rllok.PHll.OHlH'BV.fi
W" [J 1™ MARIHAGK, MAILED FREB. (AT
. U il- "'uable book for men) \
f Dil. JOBDAN A CO.. lOM Market St.. B. F. 9
7 OR. JOKDAX ACO..IOSI Market St. ,S. F. W
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^™
COLUMBIA kSb
ARTISTIC! MR.
ARTISTIC! ; MR.
Mr. Clement's Hohenstauffen. __ * __
IMPRESSIVE t CLAY
The "Flower Spesch."
The "Flower Speech." -*niir»lTT i
PICTURESQUE! CLEMENT
Southern Scenes.
IN THE IDYLLIC COMEDY
IN THE IDYLLIC COMEDY
_„-, ITmir AMUSING I
TH C ML Mf The Baron's English Lesson
THE NEW DRAMATIC!
The Card Game Scone.
i\ ah ¥ vri ctw Th" Csrd Game Seen*'
1/UlllllllVril The Entire Production.
DOMlNlON^^sxsl'
NEXT WEEK— "THE HELLS."
NEXT WEEK— "THE BELLS."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Planquette's Delightful Patriotic Comic Opera,
PAUL JONES.
Cheered, encored, laughed at and applauded
to the echo last night
BY A PACKED HOUSE.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— IOc, 15c, 25c,
35c, 50c.
Beet reserved seats in the theater at Satur-
day matinee. 25c. ' .
Extra matinee Monday next. Labor day.
Branch ticket offlce Emporium.
ONE OF THE MOST INTEREST-
ING ATTRACTIONS.
I BATTLE
I BATTLE
OF
. j MANILA
Market Street, near Eighth.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHIITESJND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVF-NING.
EVERY AFTERNOON* AND EVENINO.
GRKAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS.
AND MOVING PICTURES,
Showing the Arrival of the Sherman and
Parade of the First Regiment.
100 FEET OF LIVE PYTHONS IN THE ZOO.
Reserve Seats by Phone, Steiner 1851.
GOLDEN GATE AGRICULTURAL
DISTRICT NO. I.
DISTRICT NO. I.
Races Jj^ Races
Races 'jg& feces
EMERYVILLE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB'S TRACK.
Aug. 26. 28. 29, 30. 31. Sept. 1. 1
TWO HARNESS AND THREE RUNNING
RACES EACH DAY.
Racing Begins at 2 o'clock.
ADMISSION $I.'
W. M. KENT, Pres. JOS. I. DIMOND, Sec.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSIN, 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, Including admission, 25; Children, 20c.
AMUSEMENTS.
! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
y Sumptuous Rendition of
RIGOLETTO!
SUNG BY A SUPERB CAST!
"Rigoletto" Repeated Thursday and Sunday
Nights and Saturday Matinee.
THE REMARKABLE SUCCESS.
LA GIACONDA
WITH A FAMOUS PAPT.
WITH A FAMOUS CAST.
WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY EVES.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and s')a
Telephone for Seats— Bush 9.
ALCAZAR 55™
LAST WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
AND WHITE WHITTLESEY.
* In the Beautiful Drama,
INGOMAR!
loCf livC* SEATS wcjCj tJI/C.
, Next Week, Opening of the New Stock Season,
. . . I IN . . .
. . . I IN . . .
CHRISTOPHER JR.
j SEATS NOW READY.
FELIX MORRIS AND COMPANY
IN REPERTOIRE.
MOULIERE SISTERS.
ARNOLD GRAZER and
LA PETITE HAZEL
APOLLO. ,
CARON and HERBERT.
HALL and STALEY,
FREEZE BROTHERS.
McMAHON and KING.
BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats , 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box 'Seatß, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS.
MONSTER BENEFIT TO
JOHN W. SLADE,
THE HERO OF SAN PEDRO MACATI.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
SATURDAY EVENING. SEPTEMBER 2, IS9I
A SPECIAL SALE OF RESERVED SEATS
AND BOXES will be held at SHERMAN A
CLAY'S on MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
AUGUST 28 and 29, between the hours of 1(
a. m. and 4 p. m. Address all communication*
to E. R. MOSS, room 203, Emma Spreckeli
building.
M& TSSS^___VB9_lL____t
>S EPT.V-g_To_l6T»- V 9
? >5 E PT. To 16 *~ »
Choicest fRUiTS.ViNES.VEGE-
-tables. Grains & Grasses
OF
:JV GYfcltt STOC& SWWJ,
A GTCKt STOCK-. SWWI.
■■ySB^isic>^-Dvlertaii\ji\cr\t*
exhibits Transported Free
Excursion Rates To Visitors,
VtoiTß for Particulars
HTERJ. shields
SECRETARY. . PRESIDENT
MECHANICS' PAVILION
DON'T FORGET
THE DATE.
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT
PHILIPPIC EXHIBIT
OPENS SATURDAY NIGHT, SEPT. 3
REMEMBER
THE NICHT.
Double Season Ticket* .....$ 3.0*1
Single Admission 2."»»
Children 10«
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower. Financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat futures weaker.' Spot prices unchanged.
Barley continues quiet at previous prices.
Oats, Corn and Kye about the same.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Hay depressed under continued heavy receipts.
Potatoes and Onions weak. Vegetables plentiful.
Three ears of Eastern Poultry at hand.
Eggs firm and several descriptions advanced.
Butter and Cheese show no change.
Another advance in Bartlett Pears. Peaches dull.
Dried Fruits show no change.
Provisions quiet at previous prices.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Charters.
The Charles P. Kenney loads coal at De
parture Bay for Honolulu; Coloma, lumber at
Port Gamble for Manila, for the Government;
Sofala, wheat at Portia nd for Europe, 37s 6d; I
Wilr.a. lumber on the Sound for Sydney, 43s 9d.
.... ; -.
Foreign Imports.
Foreign Imports.
° -
Foreign imports at this port during the flrst
■■ during the first
peven months of the year were $24,511,000,
against $24,599,000 for the same time In 1898,
the principal amounts being as follows: From
Japan $4,496,000; China. $4,090,000;- Great Brit
i\in. ?l'.f*o*vie\>; Hawaiian [elands, $7,140,13');' Cen
tral America. $2,201,000;- British Columbia, $1,
--340.750; East Indies. SI.COS.O'M.
■,
Weather Report.
Weather Report.
G2oth Meridian— Pacific me.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 28, 1899, ' P. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in i'alifornia to-day:
.Kureka *.. ..58 ?an Diego 70
Fresno 96 Sacramento 8S
I
Los Angeles 86 } Independence — ' — 92
Red Bliiff ..* *...:. .90*! Yuma 104
Fan Luis Obispo SS I
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum. 52; mean. 68.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
\s AND GENERAL
RECAST.
Generally clear weather prevails over the Pa
cific Slope, except in Arizona and the Rocky-
Mountain region, where it ls cloudy and some
what threatening. Light thunder-storms have j
("ccurreci in Utah.
The pressure has risen generally over the Pa-
tl c Pa
cific Slope and an area of unusually high pros- i
pure is central off Vancouver Island.
The temperature is nearly normal In all dis-
ln all dis
tricts and the changes have been slight.
Condition's are favorable for fair weather ln
California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
f.r thirty
]*, nirs ending midnight, August 29. *,W:
Northern ; California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
■west wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
Vest wind
Nevada- Fair 'Tuesday. ' •■.**■.*-«.
- Tuesday
Arizona-Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
* * "ii.- Tuesday;
fr-sh west wind. G. 11. WILLSON.
. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— There was a marked
falling off of interest in railroad stocks to-
day compared with that prevailing last week.
Interest shifted Into the Industrial specialties.
and a number of these were marked up in a
feverish and Irregular manner. The genera]
list was maintained with difficulty and a slight
flurry in call money in the last hour carried
prices, with the few exceptions of strength, p
below last night's level. In the final harden-
ing movement on covering by shorts, some of
*
the specialties' and a few obscure railroad
stocks rose to t'.p level. This made the clos-
ing of the market linn. but the majority of
standard stocks show net losses. An influ
ential factor In tlic hesitating and doubtful
tune and speculation was the renewed anxiety
ever the meney market outlook caused by Sat-
urday's bank statement; Call money was quite
stiffly held at 3 per cent all day and was
marked above that in the last hour, possibly
not Without manipulation. But the fact re-
mains that the present low stage of surplus
reserves of he New York Clearing House banks
keeps the financial world keenly observant and
in a somewhat uneasy frame of mind. Pro-
fessions pf confidence that the West is amply
provided with funds to nance the coming crop
movement without calling Oil New York, do
not altogether avail in the face of tie- con-
dition of the local banks. Neither does the
Hucgestion that the Peal companies have large
available funds which do not figure in clearing
liouse banking reserves, though both of these
explanations liave undoubted force. The buy-
ing for London account, which has served to
sustain some stocks recently, was missed. There
were upward movements of importance to-day
in the Tobacco stocks, Manhattan, Metropoli-
tan. Steel; Rail was, -Sugar and some of ill"
In en and steel stexks. the latter under the in-
fluence of a declaration < .f the first dividend on
the Republic Steel preferred of 1% per cent.
called quarterly. American Express jumped 10
points over Saturday's, price. On the other j
hand there was a weakness in International j
Paper, Cotorado Fuel. Brooklyn Transit, Ten- |
nessee Coal and a few other specialties. In the j
railway list the only stocks to stiow any marked
demand were Southern Railway preferred and
Kansas and Texas preferred.
Kansas and Texas seconds are 3% higher on
the day. Otherwise there was no notable feat-
ure in "th<: bond market. Total sales, par value,
12.42re.000.
I l'nited States 2s advanced % ln the bid price. *
Cnited States 2s advanced % in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ,
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
3,140 Atchison 23%
14.810 .Atchison prefd 66%
600 Baltimore & Ohio 55%
600 Candian Pacific...*. &6%
Canada Southern *54 I
400 Centr.il Pacific 58% |
• 2.01 Chesapeake & Ohio 2 .'. 2D
10,345 Chicago Great '.-•stern 16%
4,27,H Chicago Burlington & Quincy.... 136%
ItO Chicago Ind & St Louis ■. 8%
Chicago Ind & St Louis prefd 4'%
1,800 Chicago & East Illinois 87% ;
3,2.¥ i Chicago & ■:■■':■ tern 164**,
8,070 Chicago P.nck Island & Pacific 119% |
450 C C C & St Louis :.. 57%
330 Colorado Southern 5%
5%
79", Colorado Southern Ist ; refd 47%
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17%
■700 Delaware & Hudson 124
400 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 176
2.200 Denver & Rio Grande 23%
250 Denver .'. Rio Grande prefd 77%
200. Erie 13%
314 Erie Ist prefd rx%
Great Northern prefd 167
400 Hocking Coal 17
SSO Ho.king Valley 29%
500 Illinois Central.: 115%
lowa Central 14%
LOOO lowa Central preM 60% I
TlO Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 11
100 Lake Erie .-. Western..^ 211
Lake Erie & Western prefd 8.)
Lake Shore 201%
2,5*0 Louisville & Nashville I. 82%
15.560 Manhattan 1 114
? 257 Metropolitan Street Railway 209%
2,620 Mexican Central 14% I
• 1,000 Minn & St Louis ,\ 77%
200 Minn -. St Louis prefd 97%
MJnn . f_\ Louis prefd 97%
9 250 'Missouri Pacific , 14.''i
iV*7i; Mobile & Ohio 50%
3,450 Missouri Kansas & Texas 14
9.500 Missouri Kansas A Texa3 prefd 43
1.020 New Jersey Central 118%
3.213 New York Central 138%
2 465 Norfolk & Western 25%
500 Norfolk & Western prefd 72%
7.250 Northern Pacific 56%
1.000 Northern Pacific prefd 77%
9,200 Ontario ft Western 27
TOO Oregon Railway & Nay 48
200 Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 7«
'5,250 - Pennsylvania 135%
2.000 id Ing 22%
6 831) Reading lst prefd 61%
10.) Reading 2d prefd 33%
KO nio Grande Western 37
OO Rio Grifnde Western prefd S')%
lOj st Leu & San Fran 11%
' St -Louts A San Fran Ist prefd..... 71%
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 37%
300 St Louis western 16% |
1/50 st Louis Southwestern pre.'d 38%
8,860 St Paul 134%
23: i St Paul pre.'d 173%
1,400 st Paul & Omaha 115
15.460 Southern Pacific 35%
20,770 Southern Railway 12%
2.675 Southern Railway prefd 56%]
1,000 Texas & Pacific --.'2
14JIS0 Union Paciflc 47%
14,551 Union Pacific prefd 79%
Wabash 7% ;
1,900 Wabash prefd 23% ;
1,400 Wheeling & L E 11%
MO Wheeling & L.E 2d prefd 28
S.2CrO Wisconsin Central 18% |
• . .-7.... ■ -..,■:■■■.■.■.-- ..77 * • 7", ■;■•.•■■•-»■*■.-..-. 7_a ....
p C C & St Louis 77%
Express Companies—
Adams 114
BS9 American 156
United States 60
100 Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous "*•-'
730 American Cotton Oil 44%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd -94
American Malting 16
American Malting prefd 67
SOO American Smelting & Ret 43%
411 American Smelting- & Ref prefd 91
100 American Spirits 5%
American Spirits prefd 2S
3,220 American Steel Hoop 39
2,200 American Steel Hoop prefd 84
8.000 American Steel & Wire 57%
100 American Steel & Wire prefd 88%
450 American Tin Plate 43%
650 American Tin Plate prefd 80%
38,440 American Tobacco 131
— ... American Tobacco prefd 146
2.435 Anaconda Mining Co 57%
27,170 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 134
6.060 Colorado Fuel & Iron 60
20.350 Continental Tobacco 49%
22.745 Continental Tobacco prefd 102%
2,450 Federal Seel 59%
200 Federal Steel prefd 82
300 General Electric 123
TOO Glucose Sugar 64%
Glucose Sugar prefd 77
5,615 International Paper 36
200 International Paper prefd 77
2,120 Laclede Gas 65%
620 National Biscuit 47%
National Biscuit prefd 95%
- 60") National Lead 31%
National Lead prefd 110%
1,400 National Steel 55%
1,030 National Steel prefd 98%
New York Air Brake 185
North American 12%
720 Pacific Coast 46%
... Pacific Coast Ist prefd 85
Paciflc Coast 2d prefd 63
550 Pacific Ma.! 47%
2.P0 People's Gas 120
160 Pressed Steel Car 59%
4,500 Pressed Steel* Car prefd 89
290 Pullman Palace Car 15S
150 Standard Rope & Twine 8%
13.4;;." Sugar 145%
Sugar prefd 11.'
885 Tennessee Coal & Iron 86%
1.72) United States Leather 10
1.220 United States Leather prefd 70%
United States Rupbber 49%
United States Rubber prefd 115%
6.020 Western Union ***>$%
467,000 Shares soli
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds 73%
Do 3s reg 108%. Do 4s 94%
Do 3s crap 108% N V On lsts 111%
D.) new 4s reg — 130% 1N J Pen gen os 120'
Do new Is coup.. N Carolina 6s 12* j
Do old 4s reg 122% Do 4s 104
Do old 4s c0up. ..113 No Pac lsts 113
Do Bs reg 111% Do 3s 67
Dc os coup 111%! Do 4s 103%
Dis of Col 3.655.... 117 JN V C & S L 45.. .109
Ala class A 11l N& W con 4s 96
Do class B 11l N & W gen 'J5....135
Do class C 103 Or Nay lsts 112%
Do Currency 102% Do 4s 102%
Atch gen 4.- 102% Or Short Line 65. .123 j
Do adj 4s 87% Do con os 113%
Can So 2ds 11l j Reading Gen 4b... 81*%
Ches i Ohio 4%5.. 97% G W lsts 99 |
Do 5s 119% L& I M Con 55. 114 j
'* & N Con 7s 145 |S L & S F Gen 6s. 124% .
Do S F Deb 55.. 110% St Paul Con 170
Chi Term 4s 98%' S PC & P lsts.... 121%
D& R G lsts 105% Do os 122
Do 4s 100% So Railway 5s 110
E T.V & G lsts.... 103 Stand R& T 6a.... 84
Erie Gen 4a Term new set 35.. 97
FW& D C lsts .80 Tex & Pac lsts. 115%
Gen Elec 5s 116 i Do 2ds 56%
GH&S A6s 108 'Union Pac 4s 105%
Do 2ds 108 Wabash lsts 116
n & T Pen r.s 11 I Do 2ds 100%
Do Con fis 112 West-Shore 4s 113%
lowa Cen lsts 115%: Wis Ten lsts 78%
X '.* P & G lsts.... 72% Va Centuries 8f
La new con 4s 106 | Do deferred 5
L & N Un 4s 99% C & P4s 87 !
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20, Ontario 08 I
Crown Point 20;Ophtr .; 1 Ou
Con Cal & Va 1 6". Plymouth OS
Deadwood 60: Quicksilver ! 00
Gould & Curry.... 34: Do prefd 800 ;
Hale & Norcross... 27 Sierra Nevada 70 I
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 60
Iron Silver 50' Union Con 22
Mexican 4.", Yellow Jacket 27:
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— jWestgh Elec 30% |
Call loans 3<7i4! Do prefd 69
Tin." leans 435 Wis Pen li% I
Stocks— i Mining Shares—
Atch Top & S F.. 23 .Adventure 9
Do prefd '■"■_ Allouez Mm P0.... 6%
Am Sugar 154% '■ Atlantic 26
Do prefd 12" Boston &■ Mont 350
Bell Tel 349 • Butte & Boston... 77
Boston & Albany. .27o Calumet & Hecla..S3s
Boston L 109 ! Centennial 354
Boston & Maine... 2o3%' Franklin 20
C R & Q 136% Humboldt 2%
Fltchburg prefd. ..llß j Osceola S3 ,
Mcx Cen 15 I Parrot 52%
Mich Tel 100 Quincy 157
Old Colony 206 ; Santa Fe Copper.. 16 j
Old Dominion 35 Tamarack 225 .
Union Pac 47% Winona 11%
Union Land S | Wolverines 46%
West End 95 I Utah 43 ~
Do prefd 113 I
The Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— Money on call, steady,
at 2V.J.3 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4435 per cent. Sterling ex
change, steady, with actual business ln bank
ers' bills at $4 56%i&4 86% for demand and at
$4 83%@4 83% for sixty days. Posted rates,
54 84 and $1 87%. Commercial bills. $4 82%. Sil
ver certificates, C0d560%c. Bar silver, 69 9-16 c.
Mexican dollars. 48c. Government bonds, In
active. State bonds, inactive. Railroad bonds,
strong.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were dull to-day on Mr.
Chamberlain's determined Transvaal speech,
and the report of friction with Russia In China.
Consols fell %, but afterward recovered most
of their I. esses. New York bought Union Pa
cifies and Atchlsons heavily, resulting In a
good close. Spanish fours were 58%; Tlntos,
44%; Anacondas, 11 11-16. Call money was un
lendable late ln the day.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Aug. 28.— Canadian Paciflc. 99%;
Northern Paciflo, 80; Union Pacific preferred,
82%; Atchison, 23%; Grand Trunk, 8%; Ana
conda, 11%. liar silver, 27 7-16 d. Money, 1%
per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. -FLOUR-Receipts,
; 31,631 barrels; exports, 15,347 barrels. . Weak
and Inactive with spring patents $595 10 in
buyers' favor. Minnesota patents, $3 8594.
WHEAT— Receipts. 248,000 bushels; exports.
89,954 bushels. Spot weak; No. 2 red. 75% c. f.
'o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
79%e. f. o. b. afloat to arrive (old); No. 1 hard
Iniiuth, 82% cto arrive; No. 2 red. 73% c ele
vator. Options opened firm at %c advance
on higher cables. The subsequent Weakness
and active declines were Influenced by heavy
September liquidation and reports that new
wheat was arriving at Duluth. The close was
' easy ln spite of export rumors at %91c net de-
cline. May. 80% c, closed 80% c; September 74-S
75 5-16 c, closed 74% c; December. 77 3-16978 9-16 c
: closed 77% c. '
HOPS— Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
W< M >l^- steady.
METALS— A slight stiffening of the spelter
department constituted the only feature of the
day locally. The other metals were unusually
quiet without the slightest departure In quo
tations from the figures current last week The
news both from the West and abroad contain
| ed nothing of a stimulating nature for huyers
lor sellers. At the close the Metal Exchange
] called pig iron warrants unchanged, with $15 50
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 29. 1899.
Md and $16 asked; lake copper unchanged at
$18 50; tin very quiet, with $31 50 bid and $31 75
asked; lead, quiet, with $4 60 bid and $4 62%
asked; spelter, a shade firmer, with $5 40 bid
and $5 50 asked. The brokers' price for lead
ls $4 45 and for copper $18 60.
COFFEE Options closed steady, unchanged,
to 5 points lower; sales. 30,500 bags, including
September, * $4 30; October, $4 40; November,
$4 45; December, $4 80: May. $5 15; June, $5 20;
July. $5 25. Spot coffee— Rio dull and nominal;
mild, quiet, but about steady.
SUGAR— Raw steadier, with London and in
creased demand. Fair refining, 3 15-16 c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4%c bid; molasses sugar.
3 13-16 c; refined, quiet and easy.
BUTTER— 11,303 packages: dull,
but steady. Western creameries, 17©21 c; fac
tory. 12%©16 C.
EGGS— Receipts. 10,666 packages: firm. State
and Pennsylvania, 17@18c, loss off; Western un
graded at mark, 12315 c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— California dried fruits
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7'4c;
prime wire tray, B%<gS%c; choice, £%cg9c;
fancy, 9r.'*';-c
PRUNES -3%@Bc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c; Moorpark, 14@16c.
PEACHES -Unpeeled. B@ll%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
[ CHICAGO. Aug. 28.— For a good part of the
morning wheat was firm at a slight advance in
prices. Liverpool showed hut a small opening
decline and more than recovered this before
the close there. A more important considera
j tion was the «mall world's shipments and more
\ particularly those from Russia, whose large
exports last week were an important factor in
causing a downward turn to the market. Rus
sia this week reported shipments of 499.000
bushels, the total world's shipments being
5.739,000 bushels. Northwest receipts were
somewhat larger, but not enough so to bear-
lshly affect the market. Shorts were the best
buyers at the opening . Northwest and other
outside markets were weaker than this and
some pressure was put on the market by pro
fessionals and elevator people for this reason,
which caused a temporary decline. September
opened %c to %c higher at 79% c, and declined
to 70% c. December opened V' to %c higher at I
72%Cg7;'c, an.! eased off to 72%372%c. The de- I
cline was stopped by the statement that the !
visible supply had decreased 1,517,000 bushels, !
and the slackening in the selling pressure com- j
ing at a. time when shorts were covering, prices !
advanced again. September getting to 70%671c
and December to 73c. These proved the high
points of the day. A period of _ comparative
Inactivity followed, but before noon the market
turned decidedly weak on the reported arrival
of 300 cars of new wheat at Duluth and by *
much more favorable thrashing returns from
the Northwest. Elevator people and profes- I
sional bears were not slow to take advantage I
of this and pounded the market persistently c
from then until the end of the session. De- ;
cember declined to 71% c and September to 70c. j
There was a tendency on the parts of shorts j
to cover at those figures and a slight rally
occurred, but the general feeling was weak
to the close. The seaboard reported a . large
export business in the break, but the cash
market was i>oor. September closed at 70®
70%e. and December at 72c bid.
Corn was weak for September, but steady for j
December and May. Crip reports continued \
favorable. September closed %c lower, De- :
cember closed %c lower. The speculative mar- |
ket for oats was almost at a standstill. Sep- 1
tember closed unchanged; December closed %c j
lower. ■••'
The market for provisions was firm but dull. j
Receipts of hogs were moderate and large de- 1
creases in stocks were reported, particularly I
of ribs, which led the firmness in the specula- ',
tive market. Packers were good buyers of lard
and ribs. At the close September pork was
unchanged, lard and ribs 7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 70% 70% 70 70%
December 73 73 71% 72
May 75% 75% 74% 75
Corn No. 2—
September 31% 31% 30% 31
December 28% 28% 28% 28%
May 29% 29% 29% 21'%
Oats No. 2—
September 20% 20% 20 20%
December 19% 19% 19% 19%
May 21% 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 8 25 8 30 8 25 $25
October 835 8 37% 8 32% 835
January 985 9 62% 955 960
I^ard, per 100 lbs-
September 5 17% 5 27% 5 17% 625
October 525 5 32% 625 5 32%
January 5 42% 5 45% 5 42% 6 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
September 5 15 5 20 6 15 5 20
October 5 17% 525 5 17% 625
January 495 5 02% 495 5 02%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, j
steady; No. 3 Spring Wheat, 67@69%c; No. 2.
Red 73% c; No. 2 Corn, 32*8 32%.' ; No. 2 oats, |
21%@21%c; No. 2 White. 22%@23cj No. 3 White,
21%*g*23c; No. 2 Rye, 54c; No. 2 Parley, 35<3*40c;
No. I Flaxseed, $1 17; Prime Timothy Seed, I
$2 3532 40; Mess Pork, per bbl, $7 550830; Lard, !
per 100 lbs, $5 07%@5 20; Short-rib Sides (loose), ;
$4 9535 25; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed). 6%® I
5%c; Short Clear Sides, (boxed), $5 5035 60;
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,000 16,000 j
Wheat, bushels 66,000 86,000 j
Corn, bushels 396.000 244.00,1 !
Oats, bushels 677,000 822,000
Rye bushels 9,000
Barley, bushels 31.000 2,000 1
c en the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creamery, 16'<f20c; dairy,
13317 c. Cheese, firm; 9%@10%c. Eggs, steady!
fresh, 12% c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 10% 6 o".i
Closing 5 10% 6 0%
PARIS.
Wheat— • Aug. Nov. -Feb.
r\ 1 Ift C_ OA /••
Opening 19 65 20 65
Closing 19 60 20 70
Flour-
Opening ....42 40 27 15
Closing 42 30 27 KU
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. Aug. 28.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Malaga, 73®
77c, average 76c. single crates; Tokays, 65c@
$1 33, average $1 10, single crates. Peaches-
New Hall, average 62c; Plcquots, late, average
90c; Orange Cling, 42c. Pears— Bartletts, $1 09-*$
1 86, average $1 59. Plums— 65c®$l 30,
average 68c, single crates; Yellow Egg, 75@95c,
average 92c: Quackenboss, 77cfi$l 15, average
$1 09. Prunes— German, $1 15$1 30, average
$1 18; Gros. bOctail 15. average $1 03.
Porter Bros. Company's sales: Pears—Bart
letts, 6uc@2 05 a box; Duchesse, 50c®$l 10;
Heckles, 85c@$l, half boxes. Prunes— Groa, 95c
a crate. Nectarines— 6sc a crate. Peaches —
Albrights. 65®73c a box;. Lemon. 75c; Orange,
65c; White Clings, 50(563c. Grapes—
$1 45 a crate; Malagas, 60^80c. Plums— Kelsey
— 66c a crate.
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales, of California fruit: Pears—Bart
letts $1 25@2 30 a box: Duchesse, $1 30; Beurre
Hardys, $I®l 45 a box. Prunes Fellenberg.
$1 05 a crate; Hungarian, C3c@sl 70; Gros, 85c®
$110. Peaches— Strawberry, 60c<fi$l a box-
Mulrs, 60c880e; McDevltts, 66*090 c; Mitchell, 70*3
75c; Sal ways, 60-*fi3oo; Crawfords, 53*J?S0c; Or
ange, 55cS90c; Susquehanna. 65*g*70c; Late Craw
fords, 65'i.'S5c; White Free. f.sc®sl 15; White
''ling, 30-£ssc; Albrights, 75®80c; clings 35®
80c. Nectarines— 7oc®sl 15. Grapes— 76c
®$1 55 a crate; Muscats, ft '*i/95c; Rose Peru 65c
Plums— Kelseys. 75c®$] 60 a crate; Egg." 80c
Twenty-one cars sold to-day.
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned California
fruit to-day as follows:
BOSTON. Aug. 28.— Peaches— Albright, boxes
average Csc: Late Crawford 85ctff$l 25, average
Mc; McOevitt Cling 60@70c. average 65c; Orange
Cling. 60(565c, average 64c: Sal ways 90®95e.
average S2c: Strawberry Cling, average 50c.
Tears— Bartletts, boxes, $1 40122 45, average
Jl 90. Plums— Golden Prop, single crates, 60®
75c. average 68c; Kelsey 70c@$l, average 75c;
Victorln 95c@$l 15, average $107. Prunes—
Fellenberg, single crates, average $1 20: Oros
Soc*?sl 10, average 95c; Sliver, average 65c.
Twelve cars sold to-day. Weather favorable.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 28— Grapes—
single crates. $1 0561 65, average $1 53. Peaches
—Orange Cling 50@90c, average 63c; Susque
hanna 50@70c. average 63c; Picquot's Late 65®
75c, average 65c; Sal ways 75^5 90c, average 82c;
Yellow Cling 80®90c, average S3c: Bartletts.
boxes. $1 15-gl SO. average $1 29. Plums—Kel
sey, four cars sold to-day.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. CATTLE— was a
good demand for the better class of cattle to-
day on 'firm prices, but common grades were
slow and weak. Good to choice cattle, $5 609
6 60; commoner grades. $3 9595 55; stockers and
•feeders, $3 2594 bulls, cows and heifers
1296 25: Texas steers, $3 3094 25, and calves
$497 25. . .
HOGS— Choice droves of hogs were strong.
with high coarse packers slow and weak.
There was a go.xl demand for the rather small
offerings. Heavy hogs. $4*34 75; ml*ed , lots
$4*094-60; light, $4 40@4 90; ,' pigs, $3 503 .> 60.
culls, $2 3035 90 ,
SHEEP-The market was steady with a good
general demand, and prime lambs sold at un
changed prices, but ordinary lambs were 1«W
lac lower. Sheep $2®3 for culls up to $4 Ji'tf
450 for good native wethers: Western range
sheep, $3 £0® 4 15.; lambs. $3 50©4 for ordinary
up to $5 75eg5 85 for choice lots. „,,.-„
Receipts-Cattle. 20,000; hogs. 26,000; sheep,
17.000.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Aug 25.-Consols, 105 13-16: silver.
27 7-16 d; French rentes. lOOf 20c; wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; car
goes on passage, quite steady; English coun
try markets, firm; Import into Unitea £ ng
dom. wheat. 397 COO; Import Into Lnited .King
dom, flour. 247,000; wheat and flour on pas
sage to United Kingdom. 2,140,000: wheat and
flour on passage to Continent. 1.430,000.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 28 -Wheat, firm: wheat
in Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 P-I6d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 2S— WHEAT— Spot. Arm;
futures steady. September. 5s 10% d; De
cember, ll@ll%d. „  Py-
CORN— Futures steady. October, 3s sd; No
vember, 3s 3*„d.
Visible Grain Supply.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW* YORK. Aug. 28.— following state
ment of the visible supply of grain in store
and afloat on Saturday August 26. as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange, is as
follows: Wheat, 34,696,000 bushels; decrease,
1.382,000 bushels. Pom, 6.970,000 bushels; de
crease. 931.000 bushels Oats. 4,807. bushels;
Increase. 768.000 bushels. Rye, 563.000 bushels;
decrease, 87.000. Barley. 334,000 bushels, de
crease, 72.000 bushels.
Condition of the Treasury.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $280,252,623; gold re
serve. $246,862,802.
. Portland's Business.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. Exchanges, $342,
--727; balances,' sßo,6l3.
Northern Wheat Market.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. There -was but
little change in the local wheat market to-day.
Walla Walla can be bought at 680 for new
wheat and 69c for old. Offerings are very light.
Valley is about 59080 c, Bluestem 61c. Flour Is
higher. Reports from the interior in regard
to the crop damage, while still conflicting, are
much more favorable and In a great many sec
tions the less In winter wheat will be made up
by the Improved condition of late sown spring
grain, which utilized all of the moisture to ad
vantage, in the Willamette Valley there is
considerable bleached wheat and some has
sprouted, but with careful handling and no
further damage it Is estimated that at least
75 per cent of the crop will be saved, 6ome of
it possibly in an inferior condition.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 28.— The week opened with
wheat Inactive and prices steady at last week's
closing figures. Club, 67% c; Bluestem, 60% c.
«
LOCAL MARKETS.
0 — »
Exchange and Bidlion.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, 5ight....... - 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Mexican Dollars 49% E0
Fine Silver, per ounce — 57%
Wheat and Other Grains.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The spot market was unchanged,
but futures were weaker.
The Chicago market opened firmer under
better foreign advices, small world's receipts
and shipments and a decrease of 1,500,000
bushels In the visible supply. Broomhall
cabled that the political situation was affect-
ing prices. The Roumanian crop was estimated
at 50 per cent of last year's. Seventy loads
were taken for 'export.
Later on the market weakened off in sym
pathy with weakness In the Northwestern
markets. The hulls became discouraged and
began to let go and the market closed dull
and weak.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 o,'>@l 07%; milling,
$1 10*31 13%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 12. May— 2ooo. $1 17%; 2000, $1 17.
Second session— December— 6ooo ctls, «i 11%.
May— 2ooo, $1 16%.
Regular morning session— May— l6,ooo ctls.
$1 16%; 14.000, $1 16%. December— l2,ooo, $1 11%;
24,000, $1 11%.
Afternoon session -No sales.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and
unchanged, except a weakness In futures.
Feed. SocgS3%c: Brewing, 57'2**392%c; Chevalier,
$1 10@1 224 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session No sales.
Regular morning December, 4000 ctls,
S2%c.
Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— further decline in white is noted.
The other descriptions are unchanged. White.
$1 15*31 25; Red, $1 03(51 12% per ctl; Black. 90c
©$1.
CORN Previous prices rule for all descrip
tions. Eastern large Yellow, $1 0531 07%:
White, $1 07%; mixed, $1 05@1 07% per ctl.
RYE -■ '.' •:•*'■ per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60-33 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40»5T3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4093 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 2593 40 for bakers' and $2 25®3 for super
fine.
M I LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50®4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 25*83 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $494 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75:
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 5596 95; In sacks, $6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 60; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs. '
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay were 1299 tons. The market
was naturally weak, but the demand was fair
and prices showed no further decline. The cir
cular of George Morrow *& Co. says: "The
market Is duller than it has been for a long
time. The average yearly receipts from all
sources do not exceed 120,000 tons. During the
past four weeks we have received at this point
18.172 tons or three-tenths of the year's supply.
Or putting It In another way we have received
in one month almost two months' supply of
hay Not only this but the worst ts yet to
come. We do not say this because we are
alarmists or have the slightest desire to de
press the market, but simply because lt
stands to reason that the early rains may very
shortly be expected and there will be a very
natural desire to get the hay out of the fields
as soon as possible. Even as It is, if schoon
ers were not so very scarce, the receipts would
be far in excess of what they are now. It
would seem to be good policy to either store
or else ship to market as soon as possible."
BRAN— SIS 60*917 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $18 60 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27923; . Jobbing,
$28 50&29; Cocoanut Cake, $20®21; Cornmeal,
$23 509*24 50; Cracked Corn, $24®25; Mixed Feed,
316*916 70; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $6 6098 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Cat. $7®9; Oat,
3*08; Barley. $597; Island Barley, $4 5095 50;
Alfalfa, toiii per ton; Compressed Wheat,
$9® 10.
STRAW— 2Ocg3Sc per bale.
STRAW— 2O®3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
BEANS— $1 70W1 80; Small White. $2 05
92 15; Large White, $1 6091 75; Pinks, $2 159
•- 25; Reds, nominal: Blackeye. $4 15@4 25; But
lers, nominal; Llmas. $4 1004 15; Pea, $2 15®
2 35: Red Kidneys. $292 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2%93c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal: Flax, $1 9092 10: Canary Seed,
2%93c Per lb for California and 3%c for East
ern: Alfalfa. 8%99%c; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 49
4%c; Timothy, nominal. ■'...' *-*V ■■■■■•■. -*-'-*
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 60; Green. $150
©2 per ctl. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions continue weak' and the
latter are a shade lower.
Corn continues in excessive supply and some
of it has to be worked off at very low prices.
The other vegetables stand about the same.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. Ssc9sl; Early
Rose, 45970 c; Burbanks, 459 per ctl; Sa
linas Burbanks, $1 2591 35; Sweet Potatoes, 1
9'l%c per lb. . -..■ V*
ONIONS— SSc9SI per ctl ' for Sllversklns;
Pickle Onions, 50975 c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 1%92c per lb:
String Peanus. 1%92c: Lima Beans. 293 c; Cab
bage, 50960 c; River Tomatoes. 30950 c; Alameda
Tomatoes, 50976 c; Egg Plant. 35@40c: Green
Okra,'3s@soc per box; Garlic, 2®3c; Green Pep
pers. 35350 c for Chili and 40®50c per box for
Bell; Carrots, 30340 c per sack; Bay Cucumbers
25c: Pickles $1503175 per ctl for No. 1
and 75c for No. 2: Summer Squash, zsc.
Marrowfat Squash, $10 per' ton; Green Corn.
15@50c per sack, 40c35l per crate for Alameda
and 25350 c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Eastern are at hand.
Hens are lower In consequence of the free re
ceipts: from the East. ■ .; X'Z-'- -'.- ,
POULTRY— Turkeys, 12314 c for Gob
blers and 12314 c for Hens: Young Turkeys.
16® 18c; Geese, per pair. $1253150; Goslings,
$15032: Ducks. $333 50 for old and $435
for young; hens. $4 5035 50; young Roosters.
$4 5035 50; old Roosters, $3 753*: Fryers. $4;
Broilers. $33;! 50 for large. $2 50 for small ;
Pigeons. $1 50©1 75 per dozen for old and *1 7a
32 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 50c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is unsettled at the advanced prices
and there Is a disposition to. sell. Eggs are
firm and Eastern -are higher. There is no
change in Cheese.
BETTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 27®28c; seconds,
26c.
Dairy— Fancy, 25c; good to choice, 23324 c;
store, nominal. r'*. .••
Pickled roll, 20®21c; firkin. 19®21c; creamery
tub, 2Pa22c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll®ll%c; old. 10
310% c: Young. America. ll@ll%c; Eastern. 13
@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 22%*t725c for store and 273
30c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 21322% c
for selected, 18®20c for No. 1 and 16317% c for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
A further advance in Bartlett Pears is noted.
Cling Peaches are neglected, and some are
spoiling for want of buyers. Plums continue
cheap. Z'PP ■
Grapes stand about the same. The spot sup
ply Is not excessive, but the demand is poor.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are doing better.
Huckleberries are lower and dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 363150 c per box for common and 75c0
$1 25 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $33*1 per chest:
Strawberries, per chest for small and
$2 5033 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $335
per chest; Huckleberries, 2%®3%c per lb.
Grapes, 35340 c per box and crate for Fon
tainebleau, 40360 c for black. 40375 c for Mus
cat, 50375 c for Tokay and 75385 c for Seedless.
Watermelons. $6320 per 100.
Cantaloupes. 40c35l per crate; Nutmegs, 25®
50c per box on the wharf.
Pears. 40®60c per box: Bartletts, 75c35l 25 per
box for green and 50@7ac for ripe; In bulk, $20
@50 per ton.
Nectarines, 40350 c per box for white and 50®
75c for red.
Figs, 50375 c per box for double layers of
small black end 35®50c for large purple.
Peaches, 25375 c per box and 20®30c per bas
ket: In bulk. $15325 per ton.
Plums, 20340 c per box; Prunes, 40360 c per
crate; Green and Yellow Plums, $20 per
ton.
Quinces, 60375 c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— $131 75 for com
mon and $233 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $434 50: California Limes, nominal;
Bananas, $1 5032 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 ,
32 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prices for all descriptions stand the same,
both here and in the East. The Eastern de
mand Is still slack, the fall inquiry not hav
ing fully opened.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes. In
sacks, 6*g6%c for 40-50's, s*J?s%c for 50-60's, 4c
per lb for 60-70' 3% for 70-SO's, B@3%c
sacks, 6@6%c for 40-50's, s<?i:s%c for 50-60's. 4©
4%c per Ib for 60-70's, 3%c for 70-80's, 353% c
for SO-90's and 2%®2%c for 90-100's: Apricots,
10%©llc for Royals. 12%*ffl5c for Moorparks;
Peaches, 6@6c for Standards and 6%tg>7c for
choice: Evaporated Apples. 7@7%c: Sun-dried,
4@sc per lb: Neotarlnes. B@B%c per lb; Pears.
7%®8%c for quarters and B*g9c for halves;
Black Figs, 2%«2%c.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2%Q3c.
Walnuts. 6«rßc for hardshell. lOlffille
for softshell: Chile Walnuts. US 12c: Almonds.
new crop. 7%c for Languedoc and 9%c for pa
per-shell; Peanuts. 5%t@6%c for Eastern: Brazil
Nuts. B%<(?9c: Filberts, ll@U%c; Pecans, 7%®
Sc: Cocoanuts, $4 50*fi*5.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7%@7%c:
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24*@26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B%c per lb for
heavy. 933% c for light medium, lie for light,
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13% c; California
Hams. 13c: Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; extra
Prime Beef, $12 50; extra clear, $16 50; mess,
$15015 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at sVi@s%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE— 6%@7%0 per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. . 10®10%c: medium, 9*ft9%c; light. 9c;
Cowhides, 9c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
13c: dry Kip and Veal, 16c: dry Calf, 17c;
1 Sheepskins, shearlings, 20930 c each; short
| Wool. 35®60c each; medium, 70®90c; long Wool,
■ 90c®l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $292 25 for
large and $1 8691 50 for small: Colts, 25(ti50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb; No.
2. 3@3%c; refined, ; grease, 2fi2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months, 8911 c; San Joaquin Foot
hill, defective. 8(&9c: Valley Oregon, 17915 c;
Eastern Oregon. 12-JjHc for choice and 9*jjll%c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— Joaquin Lambs. 8@10c: do
plains. 7'i.; So; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7%@9c.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 15@17%c per lb; 1599 crop,
13c bid with no takers.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7(3Bc per lb for Steers and 6%®70 for
Cows.
VEAL— 79IOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7>'i®Bc: Ewes, 7®7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8%99c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%®5%c for small. 6c for
medium and 6%95%c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7@7%c: Wool
Bags, 26'q'28c. Fruit Bags, 6%c, 5%c and 6c for
the three grades of white, and 7®7%c for
bleached Jute.
. COAL- Wellington. $S per ton: New Welling
ton, $8; Southtleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8: Cumberland, $9 In bulk and $10 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12;
Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks. ' -.!',. . „ "
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated. sc; Confectioners' A. sc; California
A ; Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C. 4%c; Gold
en C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more: half barrels. %c
more: boxes. %c more; 50- 1 bags. %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominos, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6c per lb.
BALE ROPE— Pure Manila, 14c; Sisal and
Manila Mixed. 13c; Duplex Sizes. 12c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. AUGUST 28.
Flour, qr sks 20.10 t\ Mustard, sks 340 I
Wheat, ctls 3,960 Sugar, sks 1,000
Barley, ctls 63.67,4 Wool, bags 281
fiats <"tls 5,610 Quicksilver, flsks 45
Corn', East, ctls. 600; Hay, tons 1,299
Rye. ctls 500 Straw, tons 65
Butter, ctls 117 Eggs, doz 11,940
Cheese, ctls 76 Wine, gals 12,000
Beans, sks 187 Leather, rolls 90
Potatoes, sks 2,948 Hides. No 208
Onions, sks 5.101 Lime, bbls.... 91
Middlings, sks... 1,090 Pelts, bdls 60
Bran, sks 2.985
OREGON.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks — 11.472 Middlings, sks... 100
Potatoes, sks 55 Shorts, sks 'i
Bran, sks 5,330 ,*,--■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were quiet in the morning'
and prices showed no variation, worthy of note.
In the. afternoon there was some activity in
th" sugar stocks. Hawaiian Commercial sold
down to $95 50 and Giant Powder sold up to
$74 87%. '
Mining stocks continued quiet, but the feel
ing was firm and several showed a slight ad
vance. The 'telegram from the pump said:
"At 6:30 this morning the water was thirty
four feet below the 1950-foot level station. No.
1 elevator has been running continuously."
The Justice delinquent sale takes place to
day.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140 level,
the south drift has been extended 'twenty-two
feet; total length 332 feet. The face is ln clay
and porphyry. East crosscut No. 3 has been
extended sixteen feet; total length seventy
two feet. The face is ip east clay and the
crosscut has been stoped. 900-foot level— West
crosscut No. 7 from the north lateral drift is
in thirty-six feet. The face is in porphyry.
The official report from the Consolidated < 'ali
fornia and Virginia mine lor the past week is
as follows: 1400 level— The west drift has been
advanced through porphyry, seams of clay and
quartz a distance of eighteen feet: total length.
836 feet. 1650 level— No work has been done
during the week. 1750 level— ln the old upraise,
mentioned In previous reports, we have put in
three sets on the second floor and raised one
the third floor and put in one set north on
the third floor. We have extracted from the
third floor fourteen cars of ore, assaying 567 23
per ton gold. * On the eighth floor in the stopes
we have put in one set "south and one Bet
south on the seventh floor. Have extracted
from a small streak on the sixth floor one car
of ore, assaying 875 34 per ton in gold. Have
saved from the seventh and eighth floors thirty
five cars of fillings, assaying $11 97 per ton in
gold. 1800 level— West crosscut No. 1. from the
south drift, eighty 'feet from the winze sta
tion, lias been extended thirty-one feet; total
length, eighty-three feet. The formation passed
through consisted of hard porphyry and hunches
of quartz and clay seams. The south drift
has been cleaned out thirty feet through mate
rial giving assays of from $3 to $'"> per ton:
total length, 235 feet. 1950 level-Have finished
the repairs on the station. Have cleaned out
and put in a floor in the west drift for a dis
tance of 110 feet.
The official letter from the Ophir mine for
the past week says: Jointly with the Mexican
Company we have been making repairs in the
two northerly compartments of the shaft. Cen
tral tunnel— Joint west crosscut has been
extended twenty-one feet: total length 125 feet.
The face Is in porphyry with some quartz. We
have been repairing and timbering the joint
east crosscut. Sutro tunnel— The direct con
necting drift has been extended twenty-five
feet; total length, 371 feet. The face is in
porphry of a softer character. The south
drift has been extended thirteen feet; total
length, fifty-five feet. The face is in quartz,
porphyry and clay, giving low assays. In the
south drift, fifty feet from Its mouth, we have
Etarted a west crosscut and advanced
the same eight feet, passing through
a formation of quartz, porphyry and clay. In
the southwest drift have worked but two days,
making an advance of four feet; total length,
ninety-seven feet. The face is In porphyry,
with seams of clay.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, August 28—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 16% 16%
4s qudr c0up.. 112%— JO GL & H. . . . 48 50
Is quar reg — — | Pac Gas Imp— 69%
4s new quar... — 131% Pac L Co 40 42
3s quar coup.. — 109 SF G & E... 69% 69%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab ss. — — : Stockton Gas.. 12 — .
C C Wat as... — 110% Insurance-
Ed L& P 65..129%135 Firem's Fund. 22s —
F & Cl Ry 6*. 115 — Bank Stocks—
(Jeary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal .... 62 68
H C & S 5%5..107% — (Bank of Ca1... 279 281
L A Ry- 55.... 106%107% Cal S D & T.. — 98
L A LCo 65.. 99 — j First National. 23o 237%
Do gntd 65.. 99 — ;Lon P it A. ...129% —
Do gntd as.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65.. .126% — iNev Nat 8k..182 —
Do lst M E5.117 — Savings Banks—
NCNG Rv 75.11u — Ger S & L..1650 —
N Rof Cal 6s. — 115 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NR of Cal ss. 114 — Mut Say Bk.. 37% —
NPC R R 6s. 105% — IS F Say U... 500 —
N PC R R ss. 106 107 Say & L So. — 82%
N Cal Rlt 55. 11 l — Sec Say Bk. — 300
OGL &II ss. Ul — j Union T Co. 1400 1440
Oak Transt 65. 11 l 112% Street Railroads—
tun C Ry 65. .127 - .'California ....118 120
P &Cl Ry 65.105%107 Geary 50 —
Pk & O Ry 65. U5 — I Market-st 61% 61%
Powell-st X 6s — 125 Oak S L&H. — 60
Sac El G&R5s — — Presidio 12 —
SF & N P 55.H3%114% Powder—
S F & S JVss.lls%ll6%, California 150 165
S Pof A 65. ..122 — E Dynamite... 85 —
9 P C 65(1905).H2 112% Giant Con Co. 74% 75
S P C 65(1906). — 114% Vigorit 2% —
SIC 6s(1912).118 122 ! Sugar—
3 PC ls eg ss. 102% - iHana P C 0.... 15 15%
S P Br 6s 125%125% Haw C & S C. 95% 96
S V Wat 65...U7'4 — Hutch S P Co. 31% 31%
S V Wat 45...104%104% Kilauea S C. - 30
S V W4s(3dm)lol% — j Makaweli S C. 50% —
Stktn Gas 6s. .104 107 I Onomea S Co. 39% 40
Water Stocks— ! Paauhau S C. 38% 40
Contra Costa.. 75% 76% Miscellaneous—
Marin County. 50 — Al Pack Assn.ll7%llß
Spring Valley. — 10134 Mer Xx Assn.. — lixi
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 90 90%
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent GCo — — Pac C Bor C 0.135 137%
lent L & P... — 7 Par Paint Co. 8% —
Eqult G L Co. 3% 4% I
Morning Session.
. Board —
10 Bank of California 280 00 •
3" Contra Costa Water 76 00
25 liana Plantation Co 15 62%
130 Hutchinson S P Co 31 75
75 Ma ka well 50 75
50 Mutual Electric Light 16 75
10 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
150 Onomea Sugar Co 39 50
20 S V Water, cash 101 75
&500 U 3 3s reg 107 50
Street—
2-1 Contra Costa Water 76 00
HO.OO'J .- F & S J V Bonds 115 75
JIOOO U .S old 4s coup 112 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Oceanic P S Co 90 25
175 Onomea Sugar Co 39 50
25 Onomea Sugar Co, s 30 39 50
150 Paauhau S P Co, b 90 39 87%
100 Paauhau S P Co, b 30 39 50
40 Paauhau S P Co 39 50
1- Paauhau S P Co  39 25
HO. ISP Branch Ry 6s 125 50
100 S F Gas &. Electric Co *.. 69 50
Street—
85 Bank of California 280 00
20 Bank of California, b 5 280 00
75 Giant Powder Con : 74 50
25 Giant Powder Con 74 62%
100 Giant Powder Con, s 30 74 75
250 Giant Powder Con 74 87%
85 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 95 50
100 Hutchinson S P Co 31 75
50 Market Street Railway 61 75
130 Makaweli 50 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
60 Equitable Gas 3 87%
25 Giant Powder 73 87%
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 62%
10 S F Gas ft Electric 69 37%
60 Vigorit Powder 3 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
35 Giant Powder 74 12%
50 Mutual Elec Co 17 00
50 Mutual Elec Go 16 62%
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 60 7.'.
45 S F Gas & Electric 6:' 87%
20 S V Water 10175
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock poard yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 37 400 Potosi 85
300 Best ft Belcher 62 300 Sierra Nevada. 73
300 ('hollar 85 100 Utah 07
300 Mexican 52 100 Yellow Jacket. 31
200 Ophir 1 15!
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 05; 800 Justice IT.
200 Best ft Belcher 60 250 Mexican 50
100 Chollar 33 100 Potosi 33
100 Con Cai & Va..l 75 60 Sierra Nevada. 69
700 Con Imperial.. 02 50 Union Con 21
100 Hale & Nor 31 100 Yellow Jacket. 30
Following were the sales in the Paciflc Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 16 200 Justice 13
100 Belcher 36 200 Ophir 110
600 Best ft Belcher 60 100 Sierra Nevada. 70
100 Chollar .... — 35; 150 Union Con 23
200 Justice 14] 200 Utah :.. 08
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 15] 50 Con Gal & Va..l 80
1000 Andes 16 750 Con Cal & Va. .1 75
300 Best & Belcher 60 100 Ophir 107%
200 Caledonia 54 100 Potosi 32
200 Caledonia 53 500 Savage 17
100 Chollar 34 J 400 Union Con 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, August 28—4 p. m. j
Bid. Ask. I • Bid.Ask.
Alpha 06 07,Kentuck 03 04
Alta 04 05 1 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Andes 14 16 Mexican 49 50
Belcher 34 35 Occidental IS 20
Best & Belcher 59 60lOphlr 05 110
Bullion 05 06 Overman 11 12
Caledonia 67 — Potosi 31 32 |
Chollar 33 34 Savage 17 13
Challenge Con. 35 38 [Scorpion 02 —
Confidence — 82!Seg Belcher.... 05 06
Con Cal & Va..l 75 1 SO, Sierra Nevada, 6S 70
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hi 11...... 02 04
Crown Point... 21 22 Syndicate 07 —
Con NY — 02 Standard 240 -*-
Exchequer — 03 St Louis... — 12
Gould & Curry. 36 37 Union Con 21 22
Hale & N0r.... 30 82 Utah 07 08
Julia 02 03 1 Yellow Jacket.. 30 . 31
Justice 13 14 ys.y.
A Frank Confession
Watchmaker Your watch seems to
be erratic. Have you had it near a
powerful magnet?
Customer (confused) Why, I was
carriage riding last evening with Miss
Bright. * ■
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1899.
Time Ball
Branch Hydrographle Office, U. S. N., Mer-
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
August 28, 1396.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
r-p ! ' C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant cComrrutrdej-. U. S. N. . In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ?.an
Francisco Bay. Published by official a ■■!
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur «•
the city front (Mission-street wharf) aboii*
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point"
the height of tide is the same at both places '
TUESDAY. AUGUST 29.
| NOTE— In the above exposition of th» tld=*
I the early morning tides are given In the left
| hand column and the successive tides of tha
I day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tho
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column' gives th*}
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, ns sometimes occur. The heights
I given are additions to the soundings on th»
' United States Coast Survey ehirts, «-xce-it
, when a minus sign — ) precedes the height
j and then the number given Is suhtr?.cte''. 'rem
■ the depth given by the charts. Th plane fnf
• reference is the mean of the lower lew •.v,!,r,'
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, August 28.
Stmr Corona, Goodall. 63 hours from Ban
! Diego, etc.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson. 20 hours from Bear
Harbor. ''Z.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 30 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 33 hours from
Crescent City.
Stnir George Loomis, Bridgett, 36 hours from
Ventura.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan. 94 hours
from Nanaimo.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, 2 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Transit, Peterson, 30 days from Hono-
lulu.
Schr Mary C, Madsen, 8 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Honoipu, Olsen, 24 days from Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Monday. August 28.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
I Perkins & Co
Stmr Peru. Irvine, Panama, etc; P M S S Co.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
: Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, Nanaimo: John
: Rosenfeld's Sons. ..-
Haw ship Falls of Clyde. Matson. Hilo; J D
i Soreckels ft Bros Co.
Bktn S G Wilder. Jackson, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, August 28.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Peru, Irvine, Panama, etc.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendocino.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
SPOKEN.
Aug 10. lat 35 32 N. lon 130 02 W— Schr Inca.
from Tacoma, for Honolulu. .
Per schr Transit. ' Aug 20. lat 36 10 N. lon
135 40 W— Schr Wm F Wltzman. from Port
Blakeley, for Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ANTWERP, Aug 25— Br ship King David.
from Portland, Or. encountered terrifflo
weather and suffered damage to forecastle and
sails.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 28. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW: velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Arrived Aug 24— Schr Ivr. hence
Aug 7. Aug 25— Schr Lucy, from San Pedro.
Sailed Aug 26 — Schr Lily, for San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Aug 27— Stmr Luella,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 28— Br ship Blair-
gowrie;*- from Cardiff.
Sailed Aug 28— Stmr Farallon, for Dyea.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence Aug 27; schr J B Leeds.
hence Aug 8.
Sailed Aug 28— Schr Lizzie Prien. for San
Francisco: schr C A Thayer, for Guaymas.
SAN DIEGO— Aug 28— Stmr Sequoia,
from Clipperton Island. i
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 27— Schr Reporter.
from Olympia. Aug 28— Stmr Pasadena, from
PORT— Arrived Aug Stmr Tilla-
mook, from Eureka.
TATOOSH- Passed Aug 28. at 4 a Stmr
Czarina, from Seattle, for San Francisco, with
raft In tow: all well.
A— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr State of
California, hence Aug 26.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Aug 23— Br stmr Bel-
gian King, hence Aug 26.
Sailed Aug 2<— Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran-
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug Schr J M
Colman. for San Francisco. „„_,.,
PORT HADLOCK— SaiIed Aug 2S— Bktn Jane
A Falklnburg. for San Francisco. 'V^T***,
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr . Empire,
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Aug 28— Bktn J A
Falklnburg, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 28— Schr Queen, from Cooks In-
let: schr Nok mis, from Nlcolaefski.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aug 2S-Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared Aug Ship St
Francis, for San Francisco.
REEDY ISLAND— Passed Aug 27— Ship Til
lie B Starbuck, from Philadelphia, for San
Francisco. „ ,____, _ _
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 2a— Ship Henry B
Hyde, for Norfolk.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CARDlFF— Arrived Aug 25— Br ship Glenlee.
from Portland, Or. _
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 2S— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Aug 9.
■ MANlLA— Arrived Aug 25— Stmr Ohio, hence
bailed Aug 23— Stmr Valencia, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Zealandia, for San Francisco.
IQUIQUE— Cleared July 7— Chii bark India,
for Port Blakeley. y, rX_
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 25— Br ship
Franlstan. for Liverpool. __••-■"
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Aug 26— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco. _ , _ .
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 1.->— Schr Robert
Lew-era from Eureka. Aug 16— Schr Aloha, hne
July 31. Aug 17— Schr Esther Buhne. from Eu
-7 Sailed Aug 16— Brig W G Irwin, for San
Francisco: schr Okanogan, for Port Gamble.
Aug 17— Stmr Elihu Thomson, for Seattle; Haw
ship Star of Italy, for Puget Sound.
NEWCASTLE, Sailed Aug Bark
James Nesmlth, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aus 27— Haw ship Hawaiian Isles,
from Melbourne, to had for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 38— Stmr Bulgaria,
from Hamburg.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Bulgaria
from Hamburg; stmr Koenig Lulse. froni
Bremen and Southampton. „■•
GIBRALTAR— Aug 28— Stmr Ems
from Genoa, for New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Bremen
from New York, via Cherbourg and Southami*H
ton. rALLEGED NEGLECT
AT AN ASYLUM
♦
Waiter Root Expires at
Waiter Root Expires at
Agnews.
— • — .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Aug. 28.- The late Walter
Root was committed to the Agnews Asy
lum for the Insane last December. He
died on Friday. August 25. The news of
lits death came as a complete surprise to
his relatives and friends, as a letter had
been received a few days prior to the'an
nouncement containing Information to the
effect that he was improving, both men
tally and physically.
The body was brought to Woodland last
Friday evening, and all those who viewed
it expressed surprise and indignation at
its condition, which plainly Indicated
neglect and lack of attention upon the
part of somebady at the asylum.
The muscles and ligaments, as well as
the soft tissues of the left elbow, were
broken, and the elbow Joint showed indi
cations of having been wrenched apart.
There was nothing bout the Joint but a
plain cotton bandage.
T. B. Gibson, a brother-in-law of de-
T. a brother-in-law of de
ceased, informed a Call representative
that Dr. Dillon, another brother-in-law,
made an examination which disclosed the
fact that two ribs had recently been
broken on the left side of the body, but
had so knitted that the injury "could
scarcely be noticed upon a superficial ex
amination.
The features were distorted, the mouth I
and eyes open and the expression of the I
face indicated that the prisoner died dur- i
ing violent exertion. As the insanity of
the patient during most "1" his confinement
was of a violent form it is possible, and !
even probable, that these evidences of vio- j
lence were self-inflicted, but it seems as- ;
rounding that no effort was made to close
the eyes and mouth and that the body
was shipped away from the asylum in a I
. • p.dition indicating brutal neglect.
The relatives of the deceased and mem
bers of the Masonic fraternity are so |
worked up over the matter that there is |
some talk of demanding an investigation. I
>
VARIETY ACTRESS
WINS A FORTUNE
•
Cad Wilson Brings a
Cad Wilson Brings a
Sack From Dawson.
Sack From Dawson.
!
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VI.'TORIA. B. P.. Aug. 28.-Th* treas- !
ure ships are still coming. The steamer
■'inch calied in to fill her bunkers at tho
Vancouver island collieries this afternoon. [
with 113 — ngers, mostly from Dawson,
and over half a million dollars in gold on
.rd. There were a- several thousand j
dollars in drafts. ;
Among the passengers was Cad Wilson,
an actress well known to .-.east music
liiis before she went to Dawson during
:.*•• rush and became the recognized leader
cf the variety women in the music halls
: Dawson; The story* of her appearance
at Dawson's iirst swagger ball and of the
-• :.sation she caused has already been
told in The Call. She brought out $150,000
in gold. The yellow metal was all In
sacks and the variety •actress was the
sentinel who guarded the treasure. She
could not he drawn away for a moment
from her gold.
In addition to this treasure Pad had
jewels and collections of nuggets and
trinkets worth $5000, all of which she took
pride in. giving the news that they were
the gifts of her admirers. Around her
waist she wore a belt set in nuggets, the
value of which was $1000. Dawsonites ac
quainted with her history say ('.id Wilson
lived distinct among the music hall per
formers of the Yukon metropolis. She is
described as a thorough business woman.
keen wilted and possessing a full appre
ciation of the value of a dollar. Her in
vestments, some of which were, heavy,
turned out well. Satisfied with what she
has accumulated. ' lad has retired. She is
coming out to enjoy the comfort her
wealth guarantees. She has not yet de
termined her place of residence, but un
less her mind undergoes a change it will
be in California and not far from San
Francisco.
J. D. Stewart of Nanaimo, the Klon
oiker who was robbed by "Soapy" Smith's
gang at Skaguay and because of which
robbery the trouble began which result*.
in "Soapy's" .bath and the dispersing of
the gang, was another passenger. He
brought out •-'■'.' gold.
Dumping Rotten Fruit.
Acting on the plaints of numerous j
citizens of the Mission who informed Cap
tain James W. 61. of „ie Seventeenth
street station that several peddlers were
in the habit of dumping refuse, consisting !
of rotten fruit and decayed vegetables, on
vacant lots, he instructed his men to ar
rest all such persons when found com- |
mitting this class of offenses. These in- ■
structions were carried out by the officers
with the result thai Nelson Lawson, Hans
Christensen, John Prenan and t.uiiam
O'Malley were booked at the station for
dumping offensive matter on a vacant lot
at Seventeenth and Folsom streets yes- i
terday afternoon.
GRAPE-NUTS.
wm.# wwwFitfwy
imrnttwmswimmmz
£ FOOD THAT _%
| MAKES |
| BRAINS 1
| GRAPE=NUTS |
£ . Grocers Famish at Ire. 2
ftiMumuuiMiiimm
■
THE SCIENTIFIC WORK OF
THE SCIENTIFIC WORK OF
A FOOD EXPERT.
It Is a plain enough proposition that.
lt Is a plain enough proposition that.
if we use up, destroy and cast out
minute parts of the body each day, we
must make good these parts and re-
build each day or we go backwards
and break down.
Chemists have analyzed the little
particles thrown off through the pores
of the body and And Phosphate of
Potash as the result of active brain
work.
This must be replaced or nervous
prostration Bets in.
Can we rebuild it with the drug Phos-
phate of Potash?
No, for nature demands that element
furnished as found in the grains, In
fruits and in meat, and as prepared in
her own accurate laboratory.
Pood experts have utilized the knowl-
edge that brain matter is composed of
Albumen and Phosphate of Potash.
They have taken the parts of grains
known to contain these elements and
skillfully prepared a food for human
use, giving it the name of Grape-Nuts.
This food is of delicious flavor, is in
coarse granules and ready cooked. It
can be served instantly with a little
cream or milk, hot or cold, as V pre-
red.
A distinct increase in mental power
is observable after ten days or two
weeka use of Grape-Nuts.
Bold by grocers at 15 cents per pkg.
FEW NOVELTIES
PRESENTED AT
THE THEATERS
*
Clay Clement in His
Old Success.
-' : ■■ ■* ...-'*: . -
Comparison of "The New Dominion"
with "A Southern Gentleman" sets one
i thinking— and the thought hangs a por-
tent. What direction did criticism of the
former take last year that Mr. Clement
! should, have selected the qualities least
admirable in it. and in the latter enlarge
I upon them so as to bend and hinder his
work as a dramatist? I mean the tend-
ency to wordiness, to long speeches and
the introduction of the vocabulary and
\ subject matter of verse. The speech about
j the human flower is excellent — most in-
teresting, but it has no dramatic value.
and this sort of thing is pushed to the
limit in "A Southern Gentleman." It is
the stuff out of which one makes wooden
passionless plays. Over-thought for pret-
tiness Induces nausea, and while a play
j may get along perfectly without esthetic
qualities, lameness of action, lack of
i honest appeal to human emotion, will In
! evitably weaken it. Provided it be not
i grewsome. considerable downright blunt
I ugliness is a good dramatic quality— it is
j so human. If Mr. Clement means to keep
on spreading this veneer so generously he
! will ultimately cover his strength and
I present only the insipid— the colorless.
The South seems to be the Mecca of all
1 v.ho would write character plays and
] catch that Intangible something called
i "atmosphere" of wonderful value, be-
cause see elusive— elusive as the Zeit-Gelst.
The theme is over-handled, the subject
: about threshed to the limit, and yet Mr.
Clement has given us in "Tin New Do-
minion" a play of quiet, even interest,
i subdued in situation, natural in key,
witty in dialogue, carrying its strength
not so much in -its plot, which is not novel
; (the "Old Homestead" mortgage Idea),
as in its well-drawn characters, chief of
which are Hohenstauffen and Marshall
Boner and Martha. Hohenstauffen Is a
CrOSS between a type and an eccentric,
but with a comfortable leaning toward
the former. He Is a slightly exaggerated
composite of a large German class, but
done with as thorough a knowledge of
values as a Nicholson portrait or a Phil
May sketch, and it would be a caviling
critic who would not tell Mr. Clement
that he has cleverly drawn a most Inter-
esting character, and acted it to the life.
Not -a cloud hangs over his German dia
lect and the insight with which he ap
preciates his own Idiomatic breaks is
quite as humorous as the breaks them-
selves. The substratum of the hard, un
! flinching Teuton, eve:* visible through the
surface polish, is a bit of ballast that
moors the Baron Franz Victor securely
to this earth. Otherwise one might
vaguely fancy that heaven was his only
worthy home. Marshall Boner is not a
unique species of brute. He is the old
story of the double inheritance— money
and an injudicious palate In whisk
and is portrayed by Mr. Jeffrey Williams
with thoroughly hateful, convincing
strength. He is to be congratulated on
his choice of cravat so., potent a thine
in revealing a man's breeding— it stamped
the vulgarity of his character at onco.
Of the others, save Miss O'Malley as
Martha and Mr. O'Malley as Napoleon,
the negro, one would like to write a
colorless paragraph committing himself
to nothing, for one's thoughts in regard
! to them are neutralized between satisfac
j tion and the opposite. They do not mar,
| neither do they enhance the value of the
play. Hohenstauffen alone is well worth
i spending an evening with.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Tivoli.
Ponchielli being one of the modern mas-
Ponchlelll being one of the modern mas-
ters, "La Glaconda" Is replete with that
Intense passion which makes dramatic
singing such a grateful task. Consider-
ing; the fact that last night's performance
at the Tivoli was a first night, and but
scanty preparation could be made for its
production, it must be admitted that It
was beyond doubt a creditable perform- '
ance. Of course, Avedano. as usual, re-
ceived the largest share of the applause,
which he endeavored to earn by consci
entious work. As to the excellent quality
of his robust tenor there is no denial, but
as to the quality of his deportment much
adverse criticism could be jotted down.'
The title role was in the hands of Anna
Lichter, where it fared very well. "Many
remarks were made as to the poor method
of Miss Lichter's singing, it is a great
mistake to assume that this vocalist's
method is faulty. On the contrary, she
sings as true as steel, and never fails to
strike the correct note. She may be af
flicted with a slight vibrato, but in this
she does not stand alone. The fact is that
Miss Lichter is a conscientious worker
and an Industrious vocalist, upon whom
the management may depend at all times,
and this s Imuch more than '.in be said of
other, more "illustrious" members of the
company.
William Mertena was obliged to study
the English libretto of Barnaba at two
hours' notice, owing to the sudden indis-
position of Salassa. This is the second
time Salassa became suddenly indisposed,
much to the discomfort of the manage-
ment. Sickness is sometimes convenient
to serve as an excuse for appearing two
nights in succession. None of the other
singers are afflicted in this manner. Mr.
Mertens deserves great credit for his gen-
erosity and also for his quick study. Sure-
ly his work last night did not exhibit any
signs of a hurried preparation.
ALFRED MKTZGER.
Grand Opera-House.
There is a good deal of horseplay in
Planquette's comic opera "Paul Jones,"
and Wolff and Wc.oley make the most of
It. Wolff has. not much singing to do in
| his role, and the more's the pity, but he
kept the large audience In good humor
last night. Persse was an interesting Paul
Jones and gained the sympathy of the
! audience from the start He and his sweet
heart, Yvonne, Edith Mason, have some
pretty duets, which prove to be encore
: provokers.
Alcazar.
"Ingomar" was presented at the Alca
! zar last night for the closing week of the
i successful engagement of Miss Florence
. Roberts. It was her first appearance in
I the character of Parthenia, and taken al-
I together her Interpretation was a credita
ble one. but she has been seen to better
advantage in other parts. The play seemed
to drag for the first three acts, and a
large number of the audience seemed to
imagine that they were seeing a comedy,
; but In the last two acts all this was
changed, and Miss Roberts and White
: Whittlesey, who made a capable Ingomar,
were repeatedly called before the curtain.
Chutes.
Adgie. the lion tamer, who created a
sensation here two years ago, reappeared
at the Chutes Theater last night in a
startling act. She came on the stage in
street ccstume and after tossing her para*
sol into the wings jumped Into the den of
lions, took off a Gainsborough hat, passed
it to a maid and gradually undressed.
When she was Anally reduced to the garb
of a circus performer she put Prince,
Victoria and Trilby through most ter
rific paces.
Olympia.
The programme at the Olympia this
week Is good. Zoa Matthews continues to
be popular and Reina Vinton's singing is
one of the most attractive features of the
show. Blanche Sloan St. Clair is playing
th' last week of a very successful engage-
ment. The rest of the bill is good.
Orpheum.
At the O'Farrell-streot vaudeville liouse
At the O'Farrell-street vaudeville house
there are two tiny debutantes in the vau
deville world who are bound to create a
sensation— Master Arnold Grazer and La
Petite Hazel. Both the children have
done "turns" before and have been "feat-
ures" of holiday attractions.' Master Ar
nold has a Tivoli reputation back of him
and Hazel has been the precocious babe
of many a production. The children's act
at the Orpheum is one that is going to
attract on account of its novelty, artistic
beauty and the rare talent of the dimin
utive performers.
For the next week the Hungarian boys*
military band, which scored so heavily
two seasons ago, is billed for a return
engagement. ; -
"I've seen that young fellow somewhere
before." "He draws soda water in a
downtown drugstore." "That's it. I rec
ognized his fizz."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1899.
TAX LEVY IS
MAINTAINED BY
SUPERVISORS
Dollar Limit Not Sent
Skyward.
Yesterday's meeting of the Board of
Supervisors was productive of something
considerable in the line of surprises; it
was a day for the short-enders; the tal
ent is still guessing. None of the unex
pected things transpired without a
wrangle; the Republican majority had all
it could do to block the persistent at-
tempts of the Democratic minority to
make Democratic politics out of about
every situation that presented itself ani
a good bit of heated discussion was the
I result of it all. i.yP
Mayor Phelan started matters off nicely
by descending from his accustomed alti
tude and. acknowledging that he had got
off decidedly wrong in his tax levy fig-
ures; then Supervisor Ferrault's motion
to reconsider the vote whereby the tax
levy was reconsidered was carried, and
, then Supervisor Deasy flopped again; he
i reconsidered the motion he made last
week to break into the dollar limit for
i the benefit of the Sixth street sewer and
thereafter voted against any proposition
that might lead to an abrogation of the
tax levy as established by the Finance
Committee.
Incidental to the other startling devel
opments of the day the gas company sent
[in Attorney Thomas B. Bishop .say that
Mr. Crockett and the rest of them would
hereafter keep within the provisions of
the one-twelfth act and render bills for
lighting accordingly; but the tax levy was
the one prominent feature of the meeting.
A goodly audience had gathered in the
chambers to see the levy inflated and
started skyward by those who had made
it, but it failed to go up despite the earn-
est efforts of Mayor Phelan, and the audi-
ence went to the door to demand its
money back.
The first order of business was Per-
rault's motion to reconsider, but before
demanding it he moved that when the
board adjourned it do so to September 18.
His motion was seconded by Holland and
carried with only a couple of dissenting
votes. Then he called up his motion for
reconsideration, and no debate ensuing
Clerk Kusseli opened up with the roll-call.
Aigeltinger, Attridge, Black and BJ-ing-
ton all voted to reconsider and the votft
was up to Collins when it struck Mayor
Phelan that the/board had decided not to
break through the limit* after all and see-
Ing a clever bit of Democratic politics be-
ing voted out of his hands he immediately
interrupted the roll.
< "The members of this board do not seem
to know what they are voting for," ex-
claimed he, and then he hastily attempt-
ed to explain the motion. Supervisor
Ferrault Jumped to his feet and demanded
the rollcall proceed from Collins on, and
said that Mayor phelan had no right to
Interrupt a rollcall for political or any
other purposes. The Mayor murmured
his customary excuses and ordered the
rollcall to proceed, and the motion was
carried by a vote of Bto 4. Then Perrault
moved to lay the original motion to re-
consider on the table, and that motion
also was carried. Aigeltinger, Attridge
and Collins voting no.
With this last indorsement of the dollar
limit Supervisor Deasy's Sixth-street
sewer hopes went a glimmering. It was
in order to have the street fund increased
$10,000 for vote-making purposes south of
Sixth street that he made the original
motion to bolt the pledge and the main-
tenance of the levy knocked that game
in the head The board, however, was
met uncharitable and offered him consola
tion in the shape of a gold brick resolu
tion which provided that the Street De-
partment fund be increased $10,000 to be
used for the specific purpose of repair-
ing the Sixth-street sewer. It was point-
ed OUt that as the tax levy question had
been disposed of that action could pot be
taken, so the board adopted only the last
two paragraphs of the resolution, which
read as follows:
Resolved. That the City Engineer is hereby
required to make all necessary examinations
and report to the Superintendent of Streets the
condition '.f the sewer in Sixth street, between
Folsom and Harrison, and connecting sewers
requiring reconstruction, as heretofore ordered.
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Streets
be and he hereby is empowered and required to
proceed forthwith and make provision for re
constructing said sewers, ,to abate the nuisance
now existing.
Perrault questioned that Auditor Wells
would audit bills for the work if they ex
ceeded the one-twelfth act, and moved
that in be called in consultation. When
asked he said he would strain a point in
favor of the Sixth-street sewer, as he
considered the imjrrovement a matter of
emergency and one demanded by the
whole people In the district affected.
By a resolution Introduced by Super
visor Holland Architects Shea & Shea
were Instructed to take possession of the
Hall of Justice for the city if Bateman
Bros., the contractors, shall not have
finished the structure by September 1.
The resolution further provided that
Bateman Bros, should be lined 15000 as a
penalty tor non-fulfillment of their con
tract, and that the "building shall be
completed by the city out of funds as yet
unpaid tec the contractors. The resolution
was adopted, Black and Phelps voting
no. As Bateman Bros, acknowledge they
cannot. finish their work by the appointed
date,, the Hall of Justice will be taken
into the hands of the city on September 2.
Although the tax levy had been dis
posed of. President Bergerot of the
Board of Education, with two black
boards, and Superintendent Webster
broke in at this point to argue for a
larger appropriation for his department.
President Bergerot was also accompanied
by several misstatements of considerable
magnitude, which he offered the board as
solid fact. He said in opening that the
average salary of the school teacher in
San Francisco was $•", per month, and in
doing so he ignored the fact that the
books of ids department show that the
average salary is $78 per month with a
couple of months' vacation thrown in. He
said also that the last Legislature passed
a law which provided that a teachers'
salary . fund should be created and that
the amount expended for teachers' sal
aries during one year should be the figure
upon which the fund of the succeeding
year should be based. Mr. Bergerot said
that this amount this year should be
(1,088,640, but he neglected to say that in
that figure he had not only Included
teachers' salaries but janitors' pay, oflice
and shop salaries and rents as well, all
of which the law of th." !ast Legislature
did not lake into consideration nor pro
vide for. :V
- Bergerot also said that the same
law provided that if the Supervisors
should not establish such a fund and fix
this figure, as specified, the Auditor him
self should add it to the tax levy. He
told the same thing to Auditor Wells
earlier in the afternoon, and Mr. Wells
smilingly denied the constitutionality of
the alleged law and declared his intention
of ignoring it. The Auditor said that in
creating the teachers' fund the Legisla
ture was establishing a class of preferred
creditors against the School Department,
and that the constitution did not acknowl
edge such a class. He further said that no
law in the land gave him the power to in
any way alter the tax levy as fixed by
the Supervisors, and that until there was
a law he would not do so. Despite the
Auditor's decision Mr. Bergerot handed
all of these points out to the board in
support of his effort to break into the
limit, and when he had finished Mayor
Phelan came to his support with the
statement that he had discovered that in
presenting the figures upon which the
board had fixed the School Department
appropriation he had been guilty of a mis
calculation. He asked permission of the
board to present another estimate, and
Supervisor Perrault got up to say that on
behalf of the board he would agree to
adopt any figures the Mayor might sug
gest. ' *■ *■■
"Why do you not move to adopt any tax
levy I may suggest?" asked Mayor Phe
lan.
"I make that motion," promptly retort
ed Perrault, but when it came to a vote
no one cared to take the chance, and the
motion failed of adoption.
Supervisor Black's resolution to repeal
the anti-pool selling order next came up,
and, as was stated would be the case in
yesterday morning's Call, further action
upon it was indefinitely postponed. .
•Adjournment was taken after the unan
imous adoption of the following patriotic
resolution, which was presented by Super
visor Holland: * •■- --**.' ■■-•"•■•■
■ » ... • ■ ■
Whereas, John W. Slade, a private In Com
pany A, First California Volunteers, partici
pated With conspicuous gallantry in the noble
charge of . his regiment upon San Pedro Ma
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
JULIA BACON'S RICHES
GO TO HER CHILDREN
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 28.
The will of Julia A. Bacon, widow of the
late Henry D. Bacon, who died here last
Tuesday, was filed to-day by Donald Y.
Campbell, who, with Robert Louis Cole
man, a nephew, is named as a possible
executor.
The instrument is dated September 30,
IS9S, and witnessed by Mary C. Heath of
Sacramento and J. C, S. Akerly of this
city. &&*§& -::*{■■- yyyy
The estate, valued at probably a half
million dollars, is disposed of as follows:
To Frank Page Bacon, a son, $1000 in gold
coin; to Ella Etta B. Soule, a daughter,
the Venetian urns, special gifts from tes
: tatrix's husband, a transparency called
"A Young Lady of Frascati," a painting
lof testatrix's mother on porcelain and
'■■ other paintings; to Carrie J. Bacon, an-
J other daughter, the household silverware
' with the medallions on the handles
I marked "Bacon" and several dozen other
i knives and forks, spoons, etc, also the
large oil painting "Ceres," or "Peace and
! Plenty," by Mme. Eebrun. Vy .*'.*.*
All the residue of the estate wherever
I located is devised to the three children
' Frank Page Bacon, Ella Etta B. Soule
and Carrie J. Bacon— and share
i alike.
, The three children are named as execu
i tor and executrices. without bonds and
' with full power to sell.
By codicil of October 1. 1898. testatrix's
' "laces, jewelry, ferns, books, camel's hair
; shawls, wearing apparel of every sort and
birds, to be cherished by them as In my
i life," are bequeathed to the daughters,
1 and all family portraits, except Mr. Ba
j con's (by Elliott) and a crayon of Mrs.
Bacon, are to go to the son.
No petition for letters of administration
on the estate accompanied the will.
&-+-*s> _♦_<$.-♦-<«>-»- <?>-*»- -»-<?> -*- x«y-Q
rati, Philippine Islands: and whereas, while in
the front rank in the charge upon the Filipino
earthworks, in was so wounded that the am
putation of- one of his legs was necessary, and
since that time he has suffered untold pain as
the sole reward of his patriotism; there
fore be It
Resolved. That it is the sense of this Board
of Supervisors that some substantial recogni
tion is due said John W. Slade for the gal
lantry he has shown, and the glory his bravery
has brought to the volunteer regiment of this
State, and that this board hereby pledges it
self to employ him to operate one of the eleva
tors In th." new Hall of Justice as soon as said
elevators shall be in operation.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and
referred to the proper committees: "-'■*,: .-'..
C. I* Elliot, for permission to construct an
iron railing with gate in. rear of premises at
71" Pine streei, also an iron railing on the side
walk on Joyce street in rear of said premises:
Mission Improvement club, requesting that
provision be made in the tax levy for the pur
chase of the land formerly occupied by a Jew
ish cemetery for a Mission park; property own
ers, for the grading of Ashbury street, from
Seventeenth to Eighteenth; Flinn & Treacy, for
permission to construct a • 10-inch sewer In
Spear street, between Mission and Howard;
T. F. Hagerty, for a hearing in the matter of
rescinding the resolution changing the grade
if Sanchez street and of Twenty-first street;
Pacific Paving Company, for permission on be
half of property owners to pave with bitumen
Buchanan street, between Union and Filbert;
Mother Margaret of the Girls' Directory Or
phan Asylum, for the placing of an electric
light on the corner of Central and Buena Vista
avenues; Market-street and Eureka Valley im
provement Club, for a hearing on a former
petition for electric lights on Market street to
Seventeenth; J. J. Dowllng & Co., requesting
that the Superintendent of Streets be author
ized to contract with them for paving the cross
ing of Pacific avenue and Baker street: same,
for release from ' contract to lay artificial
stone sidewalks on south side of Vallejo street,
between Stockton and Powell; Union Paving
Company, for permission on behalf of property
owners to pave with bitumen Elgin Park, be
tween Hermann and Thirteenth streets; Ehr
man & McCormick, for permission to erect and
maintain an electric light transparency ln front
of premises at 111 Fourth street.
PROTESTS RECEIVED. .
The following protests were received and re
ferred to the proper committees: Property own
ers, against the proposed work of bltuminlzlng
Billot Park, between Steiner and Pierce streets;
property owners, against the construction of
a sewer in Garden avenue; property owners,
against the grading and sewering of San Bruno
avenue, between Mariposa and Eighteenth
streets.
COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
A communication was received from the
Health Office urging the necessity as a sani
tary precaution of proper sewerage ln San
Bruno avenue, between Sixteenth and Twen
tieth streets. •** .*.:•-
MR. AND MRS. DANIELLS
ARE AGAIN UNITED
Parade the Corridors of the Hotel
Rafael "With Arms
Linked.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 28.— The dove of
peace seems to have at last perched over
the house of the Danlells and the Hast
ings , and with the chronicling of the
event is written the final chapter of a case
of domestic infelicity, celebrated in Amer
ica and Europe on account of the prom
inence and social position of the principals
and the wealth of their families. Mrs.
James Daniells and her husband have evi
dently determined to carve out their own
fate in the future, despite the protests of
relatives.
The titled descendant of a family re
lated to the celebrated Beau Brummel and
his" wife were in a happy mood to-night,
' and marched through the corridors of the
! Hotel Rafael arm in arm, with Mrs. Dan-
iells' two little children clinging to them
ami prattling in childish glee.
Mrs. Daniells was formerly Miss Mamie
Coghlll, and her marriage to Robert Hast
ings was a celebrated event in the social
world. At his death she and their two
children inherited a large fortune. She
afterward married. James Daniells. and
went to London to reside. She was' there
seven years when tales of domestic strife
became whispered about. Early last spring
Mrs. Daniells returned to San Francisco
and stayed .at the Palace Hotel until
a few months ago. when she took up her
residence at the Hotel Rafael. Many tales
were told of her separation from her hus
band, one being that the relatives of both
parties were dissatisfied with the mar-
riage, and another being that the wife of
the Rev. Dr. Hemphill, the children's ma
ternal grandmother, discovered that Dan-
iells had squandered his wife's inherit
ance and was using that of her grand
children, a condition of affairs which
caused her to have the children brought
back here.
Last Saturday Daniells came to San Ra-
Last Saturday Daniells came to San Ra-
fael and found that his wife was in San
Francisco. This evening he returned and
registered at the Hotel Rafael, taking
apartments across the hallway from his
wife Later the couple wandered about
the hotel with arms linked, and the chil
dren expressed their joy to several that
"Uncle Jim" and mamma had made up.
By a whim of Mrs. Daniells the children
had always called their stepfather "un
cle." .
NEW POSTAL ORDERS.
The Postmaster General has advised
Postmaster Montague of the adoption of
a new form of postal money order which
will be introduced gradually as the sup
ply of the old forms become exhausted
after September 4. .;--
The new order will be about the size of
an ordinary bank draft. The advice or
notification to be sent by the issuing to
the paying Postmaster is a reproduction
of the order through the use of carbonized
paper (the manifold process) and a receipt
for the amount will be furnished to the
remitter by the issuing paymaster. ,
By the carbon process the order and
advice are produced simultaneously. By
the same operation the essential particu
lars of name of payee, date, amount and
place of payment as written In the order
are duplicated. The liability to error is
lessened and absolute uniformity in
insured between the order and advice.
HEAVY BONDS FIXED.
James F. Kelly, the coal weigher for
the Pacific Coast Coal Company, who
shot his wife Florence at Third and
Brannan streets Saturday afternoon be
cause she had served him with papers
for divorce, appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday on the charge of assault to
murder, and was instructed and ar
raigned. 'ZP'ZZyZ-y . „ -
Mrs. Kelly, who is at St. Mary's Hos
pital, is in a serious condition from the
wound in her neck, and as the' police no
tified the Judge that he was a dangerous
man and had several times threatened to
take her life the Judge fixed his, bonds in
$5000 and continued the case till Septem
ber 1. ».*,*..•■- .-..1- -"'-7.~i.y2y'".. -..- .-
■ **» ■ —
Mail The Call's great Souvenir
Edition to your friends.
PASTOR PLAYS THE
PART OF PEACEMAKER
OAKLAND, -Aug. 28.— Miss Jane Hodge
had bought* her new bonnet, her tailor-
made dress and all the accompanying
articles that go to make up a bridal
trousseau when John Nieholl, the aged
capitalist, told her "it is all off."
The testimony that is gradually coming
out in this case breathes very strongly .
of a little plotting here and there to re- j
lieve the ordinary romance of love-mak- j
ing. In her deposition, which has just
j been taken. Miss Hodge told Mr. Nicholl's
! attorney, A. J.- Mhoon. of all her prepa
! rations for her marriage. The hat was
I ordered in Oakland, the tailor-made dress
i was created in San Francisco, and many
I other articles were procured in various ;
I places as the lady happened to see them j
i when completing her wedding outfit.
! The rides she took with her aged lover .
1 also occupied a large part of Miss Hodge's j
: time while giving Tier deposition. It was j
during one of these rides that Mr. Nieholl
| ventured to put his arm around the lady's ;
; waist and to murmur sweet words, which :
i have since laid the basis for this inter- |
esting damage suit. December 10 of last '
! year was a very interesting time in Miss ;
I Hodge's life. On that day she was at
I home with her aunt when Mr. Nieholl '
I drove to the house. In a spirit of fun j
Miss Hodge said to aunt: "Why don't j
\ you go driving with Mr. Nieholl?" to |
i which the aunt replied: "Go on, you silly :
' thing. You know he has come for you. j
Go and put on your wraps." "Yes. go |
'-. and put on your wraps," said Mr. Nieholl. '
I Then followed the ride, and from all that
j can be learned the very Interesting cere-
mony of poppU.g the question was re-
peated.
Attorney Mhoon was very anxious to i
obtain from the lady her opinion as to
what this attention on the part of Mr. j
Nieholl might mean, his attentions, being
apparently to make it appear that the
relationship was more like that of father
and child than of lovers. The lady quick- :
1 lv disabused the attorney's mind, and left !
j on record a very clear impression as to i
i how she interpreted Mr. Nicholl's attitude j
j and words. '
Mr. Nieholl wrote to Miss Hodge quite
1 a long letter, and it contains evidence :
'. that there was a promise of marriage and c
that it had a string to it. Mr. Nieholl in j
i this letter says: "You remembei that we i
! were to be married if my daughters did
not object to having a new mamma. Now
! they have objected, and of course, as you
' say, the marriage is all off, and I hope
our friendly relations will be the same as |
I they ever were."
Since the suit commenced a minister
has entered on the scene. Rev. Dr. Curry
of the Temescal Presbyterian Church, who ,
i used to be the pastor of a church for- i
! merly attended by the Nieholl family, ■
i called on Miss Hodge to make a pastoral :
visit. Miss Hodge was rather surprised ■.
1 and does not quite understand why a min
ister who is not her pastor should come '
'to talk to her about her love affair. Dr.
1 Curry expatiated to Miss Hodge about
the beautiful spirit shown by the Savior
when he forgave his enemies »nd how
'■■ noble it was to forgive our enemies. He
referred to the trouble "in the family" ;
. which had been brought about, as he in
timated, by Miss Hodge. When he got
thus far the lady took issue with her
reverend visitor and told him that she
had no enemies; that Mr. Nieholl and his
daughters had never asked her to forgive
them, and wound up by telling Rev. Dr.
Curry that the Nieholl family had brought
about all the trouble by denying her en- j
gagement with John Nieholl and by rush
: ing after the reporters and giving the de
tails of the incident in the newspapers.
Miss Hodge says that she supposed Dr.
Curry called on her in a religious way, :
1 but she is strongly of the opinion that
there was also another motive to his visit.
She declares, however, that she resented :
i the Interferences of any third party ex- j
cept attorneys between her and Mr.
Nieholl and that the minister went away |
: without obtaining from her any inside
secrets relating to her dealings with Mr.
! Nieholl.
Miss Jane Hodge Is very anxious for
I the trial to be commenced. She says she
I would not have brought such action ex
cept for the purpose of establishing her
character. Several times hints have been j
' thrown out, she declares, by the Nieholl
family that she is somewhat of an ad
venturess or else losing her reason. These
insinuations she indignantly resents and
refers to the fact that she has been known
' to the Nieholl family for forty years and
i that therefore there can be no foundation
! for the suggestion that she is either a
schemer or crazy.
The completed deposition will be read
over by Miss Hodge and signed next
Wednesday.
Miss Felton Elected.
OAKLAND, Aug. 28.— The directors of
the Asscciated Charities last night elect
ed Miss Katherine Felton superintendent
to succeed Mrs. Kelly.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,.
W' C Francis, NY ,C W Pyle, Kan City
G W Francis, NT IE W Clark. Sacto
F C Perrine, L Ang ' Mrs D H Arnold, Cal
J A Llnscott, Cal Miss Arnold, Colusa
c; 8 Brownlee, Napa Mrs Wvatt, Fresno
J J McCormick. <"al W O Dresser. P Rubles
J D Enrlght, S Cruz .1 0 wood, S Jose
W M Wilson, May'oert Ci J Larsen, Lodi
.1 A Gayton, S Cruz E D Severs. Lodi
<; R White. NY A Dromecult & \v, Nev
E Wilson & fy, Boise C C Richardson, Chico
A R Gatter, Portland A Fenn, Liverpool
Miss Gatter. Portland J W Taggart, Cal
Miss Wiswell, Porland J D Taggart, Cal
A Bachellery. Paris J H Pattee, Minn
C de Ponteres. Paris Miss M Waeker, Cal
H S McCroker, Or E "'oolldge, San Jose
M F Fox, Wis J F Daly, Eureka
C J Bassett & w, Idaho .1 G Loverin & w, Cal <
G R Hill & w, Boise H Clark, Cal
E Fife Boise 11 S McCracken, Portld
L C Rice & w,- Boise ; Miss E Bradley, Cal
B Sinclair, Boise Mrs S E Gabbett, Ga
A Sweet, Portland G L Allen, Fresno
.1 S Paterson, Portland L) Eisner, Suisun
B Kulin, Stanford H D Stewart & w. Pa
I*. W Hadley & w, Cal W W Stewart, Pa
S P Read & fy, China A W Fisher, Pocatello
Ii S Fish. Lemoore J F Kam, Pocatello
J Durham, Chicago Mrs w F Dudley, Wyo
A Weilheimer, Fresno ; Miss A Witt, Fresno
.1 Sunderland, L Ang Miss B Vaughn. Fresno
J M Brooks, Los Ang | Mrs E H Kendlck,
T Crowden, Chico Mass
T B Crowden, Chleo IG J Hely, Merced
C X Larabee. Portld iP D Emmeger, S Cruz
J H Kerr. Seattle Mrs E C Miller. Phila
Miss Harriett, 'al I Miss L Todd, St Louis
0 L Cleveland, Idaho ; Miss A Todd, St Louis
Mrs N E Bunker, Cal L H Young, Sacto
W E Bunker, Cal M M Straus, N V
S M Somers, St Louis M L Way, Fresno
S 3 Walker &w.LA FI) Young, Mo : /;*
W X Reel. Auburn C N Cross. Stockton
J C Tice, Auburn E L Wilbert, Stockton
E T Swain, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
E L Oppenheimer, N Y'J P Runage, Marin
M W Jones, Idaho , W Del Mar, London
J O Charming, N V Mrs Ruddock, L Ang
H B Wood, San Jose Miss Ruddock, L Ang
R L Tye, New York Mrs A E Engel; Mo
A C Rodgers, L Ang iA C Anderson, Chicago
Mrs Rodgers, L Ang Miss N I Chaffee. L A
D McGregor, London I Miss E L Chaffee. I, A
Miss L Lacy, NY J A Fletcher. Colo
C O Parsons. Denver J A Thatcher. Colo
H X Galusha,' Spokane Mrs Thatcher, Colo
\V C Melburne, Sonora Master R Fletcher, Col
Is M Darnfoot. Spokane E W Johnson. Idaho
E A Proy, N Dak E W Dixon, New York
A P Peake, N Dak JO J Bannard. N V,
L Zimmerman, Or J F Carrera. Sacto
Mrs Zimmerman, Or A J Shotwell, Denver
J Saul, Albany B R Ward, U S N
Mrs Saul, Albany D Bruce & t, Seattle
Dr D Webster. N V W M Lovett. L Ang
Mrs Webster, N V Mrs Lovett. L Ang
W W Borden. Ind IF L Craig, L Ang
Mrs Borden, Ind ; Baron Bodenbarsen,
H C Wallace. Tacoma • Germany %
Mrs Wallace, Tacoma Baron yon Shroder.Ger
J fl Hanrahan, L Ang B Thomas, New York
C R Bishop, New York \V A Machaffle, Boston
F A Bishop. New York O C Never, Paso Robls
p Lowengarten, Or
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M Ryan, Boston IE S Thomas, Ukiah
F Ha gel & w, N V L Hafford, Marysville
H Frank, Oakdale IB Jensen, Boston
T C Brown. Manila H W Fero. Boston
R Glorgl &w, Sacto J Bergman, Fresno
Miss Plummer. Portlnd C W Reeves, Oregon
Miss Valentin. Portlnd W C Hubble, Kansas
G Carthay. St Helena M S Landers & w, N D
J F Bose, San Jose W B Darvin. Wis
Miss H Brown. Fresno J Callaghan & w, Kans
Mrs M Slater, Mass
Complete files of The Call contain
ing accounts of the welcome home to
our heroes can be obtained at Call
Business Office. Send a copy to your
Eastern friends. -x^Z.
Suicide at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 28.— A stranger
who registered at the Golden Eagle Hotel
on Saturday evening as Harvey Breaze
died in his room last night from the ef
fects of a large dose of morphine taken
with suicidal intent. To. the druggist who
sold him the poison he represented that
it was for a man named John Lapp. De
ceased spoke ; with a | French accent, and
his age is about 60 years. His belongings
indicate that poverty forced him to the
rash act. The Coroner cannot locate any
acquaintances here.
OVERWORK IN A CANNERY
ROBBED HIM OF REASON
.... Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Aug. 28.
90S Broadway, Aug. 28.
Robbed at birth of his powers of speech
and hearing and now bereft of his reason
and hearing and now bereft of his reason
through overwork at the San Leandro
cannery, Lon Ben Jackson, aged 24 years,
may spend the rest of his days in an in
may spend the rest of his days in an in
sane asylum.
His case is one of the saddest that has
His case is one of the saddest that has
been brought to the Receiving Hospital in
many a day, and his examination before
the Lunacy Commissioners has been set
for to-morrow morning.
for to-morrow morning.
Young Jackson has been residing with
his' mother at Seminary Park. His father,
D. Jackson, is the owner of the old Half
way House on the County road, and ls
traveling in the East as a liquor drummer
at present. Lately young Jackson lias
been working at the cannery in San Le
andro and it is supposed that -the irksome
labors deranged his mind. He began
showing symptoms of a falling mind last
Saturday and these grew more pro
nounced yesterday and to-day, until he
lost all control of himself. East night he
arose in his nightclothes and climbed up
to a windmill to stop it. In his vagaries
of fright over imagined impending dan
gers he grabbed his aged mother this
morning and refused to let go. Neighbors
were summoned, but all attempts to
break the maniac's grasp proved futile.
The mother's earnest and piteous plead
ings were idly spent on deaf ears, and
finally Sheriff Rogers was notified.
Through some ruse Deputy Sheriffs
Striker and Wales eventually induced
young Jackson to accompany his mother
to the carriage that awaited his transpor
tation, and as soon as he stepped into the
vehicle the deputies overpowered him.
strapped him down and hurried him off to
the hospital. There on a slip of paper ho
wrote: "I am sorry to make my mother
lie." and following something about fruit
destroyed and his being an American.
The unfortunate young man has a sis
ter, who was also born deaf and dumb.
and who is at present an Inmate of the
Deaf and Dumb and Blind Institute at
Berkeley.
■ m *
FELL FROM A HIGH ROOF
TO INSTANT DEATH
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call
90S Broadway, Aug. 28.
Abe Leach, a shingler, fell from the roof
Abe Leach, a shingler, fell from the roof
of the Newland House this morning and
was killed. In his fall he struck the edge
of the roof of a building lower than the
one on which he was working and was
undoubtedly fatally injured before he
undoubtedly fatally injured before he
reached the ground.
reached the ground.
With another carpenter named Morgan
Leach was working on the roof of the
Leach was working on the roof of the
Newland Ilouse at Seventh and Washing-
Newland House at Seventh and Washing
ton streets. He was carrying a bundle of
shingles and failed to notice the tele
shingles and failed to notice the tele
phone wires attached to the roof at the
very edge of the building. His foot
caught in the wire, he lost his balance
and fell. His head struck the metal cov
ering of the roof beneath and this de
flected his fall, throwing his legs through
a window of the saloon beneath as he
turned over in reaching the sidewalk.
John Morgan was the only witness to
his companion's death. He said Leach
was just four feet away from him, carry
ing a bundle of shingles from the top of
the ladder to the place where he (Leach)
was at work. Morgan turned around just
in time to see Leach's foot caught by the
wire, and a second later he heard him
striking below. He says the man uttered
no sound and that the accident was all
over in an instant.
Contractor Howling was working with
the men on the roof and had just spoken
to Leach. A moment later he heard, a
crash and on looking around missed the
shingler, when Morgan exclaimed, "He is
gone." Contractor Dowling says Leach
had worked for him for twenty years and
was a very good workman. About ten
years ago his wife lost her reason and
attempted to murder him. She is now in
an asylum, and Leach was frequently
very melancholy over her misfortune.
The dead man has no relatives so far
as known and his remains were taken to
the Morgue.
■ ** * — •
SAYS SON IS UNFIT
TO BE A GUARDIAN
Charles Krytser's Mother Opposes
His Appointment to Care for
His Appointment to Care for
His Eather.
His Eather.
OAKLAND, Aug. 28.— Elizabeth Kryt-
ser to-day entered vigoroifs objections to
the granting of the petition of her son,
Charles J Krytser, wherein the latter
asks to be' appointed guardian of the per
son and estate of his father, John Kryt-
Mrs Krytser denies that the mind of her
husband has become Impaired from the
! effects of ill health or at all, or that he
has ever been incapable of, taking care of
; himself. She denies also that the son is
the only relative residing in this county,
' and avers that she herself had been ter
n'■■ porarily absent from her home, 1202
! Eighth street, visiting relatives in lowa.
i She declares that the son is not a fit and
I proper person to be appointed guardian,
i and that his sole purpose in filing the
petition is to obtain possession for his own
i use and benefit of the father's property.
! Hence she asks the petition be denied.
A lively contest is expected when the
! matter comes up for hearing, since the
son claims his purpose to be to recover
valuable property his father deeded to
I the mother while he was sick and infirm.
The Catholic Mission.
' BERKELEY, Aug. 28.— Father Mac-
Corry, the brilliant young Paulist who has
been conducting the services of the Cath
olic mission in St. Joseph's Church on
Addison street, delivered his farewell ad
dress this evening. Father MacCorry
leaves shortly upon an extended mission
tour to Montana. The services of the mis
sion in Berkeley will be continued by
Father Doherty. who accompanied Gen
eral Merritt to Manila and labored among
the soldiers there. Father Doherty will
continue to officiate until the end of the
week.
Mark Anthony Died Intestate.
OAKLAND. Aug. 2S.— Melinda Anthony
to-day applied for .letters of administra
tion on the estate of her husband, Mark
Anthony, the Inventor, who died intestate
in Boston on the 7th Inst. While the ex
act value of the estate is not known the
petition recites that the household furni
ture in the Oakland home is worth $200;
that the deceased had $1767 on deposit in
the Second National Bank of New York
City, $1859 in the Golden Gate Manufac
turing Company of New York and $100 In
a Hartford, Conn., bank. The heirs are
the widow, three daughters and 'wo sons.
Boat Crew Returns.
BERKELEY, Aug. 28.— The members of
the University of California crew which
took part in the regatta held last week
at Astoria, Or., returned to Berkeley to
day. They brought with them as a
trophy the silver cup given for the
junior four-oared barge race. The trophy
will be placed in the university library
with the names of the crew engraved
on lt. All the men say that the trip up
to Astoria unfitted them for doing their
best work. Tracy, who went as stroke,
and who was too sick to enter the races,
is reported as better.
University Students Engag-ed.
BERKELEY, Aug. 28.— The engagement
is announced of two former students of
the University of California, Leslie Mou
of the class of 1898 and Miss Centennia
Barto, also of the class of 1898. Leslie
Mott was manager of the '98 Blue and
Gold. Miss Barto -was on the editorial
staff of the same publication and achieved
quite a success in college for literary
work. • The wedding is to occur early in
October. ::
_ ■ ♦ ■
Governor Steunenberg in Oakland.
Governor Steunenberg in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2S.— Governor Steunen
berg of Idaho, who Is here to receive the
troops of his State when the transport
Grant comes, was the guest of John P.
Irish at dinner on Sunday and took a
drive around Oakland. The Governor was
much delighted with the charming appear
ance of the city. -
The New Torpedo.
A young Swede has invented a torpedo
operated solely by Invisible rays of light,
which enables it to explode at will beneath
the enemy's fleet. In a like subtle manner
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters 'attacks and con
quers all stomach troubles. When a sufferer
from constipation or dyspepsia or liver com
plaint takes the Bitters he is sure of one
thing sooner or later, and that 16 cure. See
that a private Revenue Stamp covers the neck
of the bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JgCA RTERS '
SIOK HEADACHE
3ICK' HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepdftt
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill 3 Small Dose.
Small Price.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
g™.= PALACE *»•
°GRANDZ°XSh£°
Q SAN FRANCISCO. q
** Connected by a covered passageway. ?
S 1400 Room'— *, ! h Both Attached. J
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE TEE PRICE* : O
O Bu-opeanPlan.fl.OO per day and upward O
rt American .s.'*.«><> per day and upward _
*■* Correspondence Solicited. **
O JOHN 0. RIRKPATRICK. Xantgtr. O
OOOOOOOOOOOCOO o
V Vflr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Aatr-fclß *'-•**» HEARST ST. Established
SFIT^H^ in 1H54 for the treatment of Private
SB 1 ix MM Diseases, Lust Manhood. Debility or
(GeHBSBEsBgA eiisease wearing on body and mind and
2s*?lSvBlflSH Skin Diseases, The doctorcures when
y_yjKS_Wpjs others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Ciii'P<giisr»nlt'rd. Call orwrlte.
Ur. J. *'. tiIBBON. Box 15>57..5an Kranciseo.
>^?VDEWEY,STRQNG ScCO.^ffV
F J
F fl
Xi^^3?U MARKET ST. S.F. >a«e^
CAFE eOKJLSSi
Valises checked tre«.
OCEAN TBA VEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
W Steamers leave Broadway
■ffihn, wharf. Pan Francisco.
Sgl^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. ro.,
HR^Mk August 19. 24, 29, September 3.
I MKaVRS change at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver (D.
! n^Kl^Hl C.). Part Townsend. Seattle.
r^^jgSM^ Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m. August 19. 24. 19.
September 3. and every fifth day thereafter;
changeat Seattle to thiscompany's steamers for
Alaska and Q. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. :
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). J p. m.. August
17. 22. 27. September 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crar.. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. August 20. 24. 28. September
1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles).. 11 a.
m.. August 18. 22. 2«. SO. September 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. ...  --• ..■ ■--*."-.*■> •- '■-_ ■ -.
For further information obtain folder.
The company rc;erves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
arrt >""ir« of pnlllrie'.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Sb .
,
TBE 9. R. & N. CO.
THES. R. a N. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including: Bert*
CADC M 2 First Class Including Bert*
Inni. $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Aug. 26. Sept. 3
COLUMBIA sails Aug. 21, 31. Sept. 10
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at -Cherbourg, westbound.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis August 30|Pt. Louis Sept. 20
St. Paul Sept. 6 : St. Paul Sept. 27
New Tork Sept. 131 New , York Oct. 4
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland Aug. 301 Kensington ....Sept. 20
Southwark Sept. 6, Nordland Sept. 27
Westernland ..Sept. 43! Frlesland Oct. 4
EMPIRE LINE;v
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
PUflßHßMttCifi S. S. Alameda sails
EbQUVIE via Honolulu ani
t"a""",W Auckland for Sydney
U*" Wednesday. Septem-
%_s^\'\ ber 6, at 10 p. m.
STMITIMIinJ The s- s- Australia
G)Iw1IIIjImU(l/ sails for Honolulu
/RmFfflftj.k Wednesday, Septem-
HJI.IQ-Jl'.er ber 20. at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 flrst class.
/ D SP«ECKELS& BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Offlce. 327 Marfcet St
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. '. •_•/ 'i _-*'•'•. ...
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, September 11
AMERICA MARU 2 Friday. OAober (
HONGKONG MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offico.
121 Market St.. cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
FOR CAPE NOME
FOR CAPE NOME
ANVIL CITY.
STEAMER ALOHA TAKES PASSENGERS
and freight, leaving Tuesday. September 5.
1599. For full particulars apply J- S. K.luuALsi_
CO., 22 Market St.. San Francisco. CaL
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUE.
COMPAONIB GENERALS TRANSATLANTIC*.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . ey***
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <.Ti3.&t>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of "T^T*
Morton St. LA TOI'uAINE. Sept. I: LA
CHAMPAGNE. ft. 9: LA GASCOGNE, Sept.
16; LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 23; LA TOURAINE.
Sept 30. First-class to Havre, $65 and up-
ward 6 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. 145, 10 per cent reduction
on r und trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hue" n buildin I. New York. J. F. FU.
GA'ZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Prancisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
ITnavy-yard AND vallejo.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a m.. 3:16. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. i
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE .., i 60*
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Tall, corner of Market end Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street.
romer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SOO Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
(*"*• McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cl 5 Parkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1041 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
»M Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: "pen until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICESL^
rALJFORNIA Chapter No. 5. RAM. «
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) BVEN-^^,
IN*.;. Aug. 29. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. /R/T
Degree. By order of the H. *P. i -w *»
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and •
A M -Meeting THIS EVENING. at_J*\^
7.30 o'clock. D. 2. ?k^
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary, ' -W •
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— »
Special meeting THIS (TUESDA
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- TKIT
sonic Temple, 266S Mission st. Mark /~W >
Master Degree. By order of the 11. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
PACIFIC Ixodge No. ■''.. F. and A. M.. *
121 Ed.lv St., meets THIS EVENING, JV-
7:30 o'clock. 2 D. 7s_2*x[
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. '^*_J_
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.— «
Officers r.nd members arc- hereby noti-^#^
fled tc attend the funeral of our late TL-K
brother, WILLIAM JAMES THOM- ' ▼
SON on TUESDAY. August 29. 1593-, at 12:30
o'clock p. m.. from B'nai B'rith Hall. Eddy
st. By order of the Master.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
ORIENTAL I.odge No. 144. F. and A. M. •
-Third Decree THIS (TUESDAY) JV
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 7_#\
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. /V >
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. <^t_-t_^f.
F.— lnitiation of several andl- ■§*. '*<&i-
- THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- ***^ ,*;;-
- Members ■.'. lodge and order '"/l^N
please attend. C. J. REHN. N. G.
SAMUEL POLACK. Sec
PARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. O. .-,aS__ffi_, '■
F.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY) ggffigSKlfc
EVENING. Visitors cordially ln- '^ZWEfflgr ;
vited. By order of N. G. =s?e!»®*?-
- F. NICHOLS, Sec.
YERRA BUENA Lodge No. 14. A. O. v**»,
U. W.— Officers and members are here-i .
by notified to attend the funaral of ourM^j»§
late brother. WILLIAM JAMES '*■-*■***'
THOMSON, on TUESDAY, Aug. 29. 1899, at
I o'clock p. m.. from B'nai B'rith Hall, Eddy
st. By order
FRED ROTHGANGER. Recorder.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of Pa-
cifle Undertakers will be held at 777 Mission
St., on WEDNESDAY. August 23, 1899, at
K:2O p. m., for the election of directors for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before It. Transfer
books will close Friday, Aug. IS. at 4 p. m.
By order of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary-
The above meeting postponed to Aug, 31.
~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; It. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor, Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James O. Ma-
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build- ;
ing. 826-555 Market St.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. j
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. j
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market st . room 07; advice
free; charge low; business pushed. ;.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law. Emma
Spreckels building. 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927 1
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. [
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. ..pp Mason, j
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. X BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref. i
BICYCLES — For Snle or Excliansre.
COLUMBIA bicycles rented and sold at Al- i
len's immense blcyclery teaching, Academy \
Hall. $oxloo feet: repairing. 11"'.6 to .'..71 l'age.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy flrst-elass: 1714 i
Market St.. S. F. Cal.: American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite: board and room. $1 per day up; .
suites without board. $1 per day; single rooms. ;
EOc: special rates by month, also to tourists. ■
FRUITVALE; priv. board; extensive -rounds, :
Incl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and 1
Frultvale ay. ; cars puss. Ad. Diamond P. O.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4: private: bath; beard op.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
BOARDING Foil CHILDREN.
CHILDREN boarded: good care. 15 Dame st,
off Thirtieth, near Church.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. ;
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third. ;
HUSINESS CHANCES.
j^
A— sBso; RESTAURANT, opp. City Hall; good
A^-1850; restaurant, opp. City Hall; good'
. estab place; best class of custom; fullest In-
itiation solicited. R. G. WILKE. 906.
Market st.
A $250— RESTAURANT doing a good business
on Larkin st.; rent low; splendid place for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. !'O6 Market st.
A— ssoo— SALOON establ. many years; clearing
above $100 per month; close to Market and
Fourth sts. R. G. WILKE, 900 Market st.
A— s3Co; PARTNER wanted by a lady in a flrst-
class paying saloon ; very best location: low
Tent; Investigate at once. It. G. WILKE,
t'o6 Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab-
lished years; full value In sight; all cash
trade. Call it. G. WILKE. 900 Market st.
A— s7oo; BAKERY, Western Addition; 6 sunny
living rooms; 3 horses, wagons; fine condition;
bakes -'■- barrels flour dally; owner there 9
years. STENBERG, 26% Kearny st.
A— s7oo; BAKERY. Western Addition; hand-
some store; 6 sunny living rooms; 3 horses,
wagons; flne condition; bakes 2% barrels
sour dally; owner there 9 years. STEN-
BERG. 26% Kearny st.
A— Notice— Do you wish to dispose of your busi-
ness promptly? H EALY & CO.. ii. Market.
A FINE chance to purchase a store, business
agency for sewing machines, 3 living rooms,
clearing $75 mo. HEALY & CO.. 917 Market.
CALL and see my lists of fine business propo-
sitions; flne paying restaurants, coffee houses,
saloons, groceries, hotels, city, country mer-
chandise store- for sale and exchanged; \
money loaned on furniture at 1% per cent.
EITEL, 1008% Market st.
A $400 SALOON on Market St.; bargain; j
owner retiring from business. See COWING *
& CO., 995 Market st.
$200— RESTAURANT: must he sold at once on
account of departure. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777% Market St.
BARBER -hop; nicely furnished; near Presi-
dio; good money in it: will sell cheap if sold
Immediately. Apply to STOL3&, 630 Market.
WOOD* and coal yard. 2 teams; sales 50 tons
monthiy. BECK. 935 Market st.
WHOLESALE and retail wine business on
Market si . ; established '.' years; steadily grow-
ing bar and family trade; domestic reasons
for selling; intending buyers with ready cash
address for particulars D. I*.. N'.. box 3203,
Call office; no agents or trltlers.
WANTED— Gentleman of prepossessing ap-
pearance, g0...', language, business qualities
and wits, as business manager. For particu-
lars call on DR. J. 11. PARBEOHIA, Cali-
fornia Hotel, 11 to 1 p. m., and 5 to 6 p. m.,
for three days.
Fee': Steam laundry In Watsonville: fine
opportunity for right man: no reasonable of-
fer refused. Address J BRENY, P. O. box
S4, Watsonville, Cal
! WANTED— Steady reliable man for commis-
sion business: pays $15 to $18 a week; refer- j
ence not necessary; must have $100 cash. 1016 :
Market st.. room 10.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business;
good location; proprietor sick; terms reason.
able; trial given. Address box 3225. Call. .
RESTAURANT for sale; doing a good busi-
ness; apply on premises. 514 Stockton st., i
bet. Sutter and Bush. ' ■
WANTED— house; 30 to 45 rooms: cen-
tral; cash buyer; no agents. Box 1343. Call.
WANTED— to back manufacture of
automobiles, gasoline motors, etc. ; have fa-
■ -nines Box 2401. Call. '
DELICACIES and candy store for sale cheap
if sold, at once; 2 living rooms. 14S Fifth* st.
RESTURANT; Rood location: low rent: suit-
able for man and wife. 1941 Market st.
OYSTER stand to let. Apply 236 Third st. '
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & C0.'5,\412 Sacramento st
BUSINESS CllANCES— Conttntflftt: ; :
PARTNERSHIP in an oid^estabUshed
saloon; good business; large stock: one of the
owners Itt offering his interest because he Is
engaged in other business: the remaining
party is a reliable man; not absolutely neces-
sary to have experience, but must be a trust-
; worthy man. 632 Market st., room 6.
CORNER store. Twenty-second and Castro sts..
new fixtures, for groceries and bar; good
stand. BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. 20 Mont-
gomery st. 3558G1
ACROPOLIS cho'phouse, on Sutro Heights:
cheap: going to Europe. No. 5, half a block
from baths.
ADVANCES at lowest Interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOARDING house and saloon for sale; cheap.
135 Folsom et.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms: all full;
north of Market. Box 1341, Call offlce. .
GOOD paving Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
$500— PORK and delicacy store; well stocked;
j receipts $600 month. Box 3259. Call office.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $200; splendid local-
. ity; cash business. Apply owner, 506 Castro.
FOR sale— Good paying inside route on this
paper. Apoly Call office.
FOR sale— A good home bakery; particular!, at
2SSS Market St.. near Sixteenth. J. McEUigott.
CARRIAGES AND WAGON'S.
FOR SALE— Horse, wagon and harness; cheap.
Apply 1448 San Bruno aye.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
! 'logics, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- j
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission <4.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA. Cleaning and toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing, a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory 21 Spear st.
( 1 UKVOYANTS AND .-. I IRITf ALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK. ■ ,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While' entranced she will reveal every
bidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles- restore lost affections: unites the sep-
arated: recovers lost, stolen or buried prop- |
erty locates treasures and minerals;- tells .
your entire life, past, present and future.
while in a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction !
guaranteed by mall: send stamp for circular
v.ith special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023% Market St.. near Sixth. Always consult j
the best. . 1
MMF LANGE the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; "never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee. 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. 116- Market st.,
bet. "Seventh and Eighth.
MME PORTER, wonderf"' clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight' diagnoses disease: full life readings;
ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
* night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
MRS SOPHIA SEIP. prophetic seer; circle
Fri.'. Sun.: 1".': reading dally; 50c. 1724 Mkt.
C V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
g p. m.: 23c. 409 Leavenworth st.
JOHN SLATER Sittings daily, 10 to 4. ISO 9
Stockton st.. near Greenwich.
A ROY the best fortune teller for the past,
present and future. 263 Third St.. nr. Folsom.
MISS A L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st , rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present, future: 25c. 141*: Sixth st., r. 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card ;
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jew- |
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed j
power In spiritualist reading, Xc up. 5 7th. 1
YOUR fortune told by cards. 25.-; dally. 10 a. j
m. to 10 p. m. : Sun., 7 to 10 p. m. 619% Larkn.
MRSC J MEYER. 335 McAllister, testsdally ex-
cept Wed. Sat.; 2 & 8 p.m.,loc&2oc;slttings daily.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles, 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. J. .1. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract- |
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas I
or chloroform; mlso by local anaesthetics ap- .
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that flt
from $4 50 up' flesh colored plates * from- $3 50 :
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open j
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY, SYNOL |
Removes the pain; an application to the 1
gums and the nerves sleep, you remain wide j
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner |
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20 !
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; plates.
full set. $5: all work painless and warranted.
Chlcapo Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth- st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2 j
p. m <;. W. WILLIAMSON. M. 1).. Manager. j
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex- j
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4; |
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 flrst j
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric- '
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. •
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
' c.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing. languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc. : electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers: individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
Ftudents can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses: references. Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
DANCING! Both adult and children's classes
at Hlnman's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk st.
and corner of Howard and Twenty-first sts.,
are now open for the season.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters* as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly: 50c
an hour; excellent pianist and nccompanlst
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
A. L. MINER gives lessons, private or class,
in Latin, mathematics, physic*", etc.; 20 years'
experience. 1312 Green st. :y -7 Xy.yy-X.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm
ing, mech. survey. assay, ; day and eve.;
est. 1864. -VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
ln shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.: French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 G. G. aye.. r. 5-7 ;f hours 2 to 8. -
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English: competent: translations. 1612 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
mess College. 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1899.
B6 I :->r".'V .-^'EDU CATION AL. •;■••;
ENGLISH literature, classes or private: special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipsic; lessons. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
EMPLO VMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 06.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female.
FIRST-CLASS Infants' nurse desires situation;
best of ref.; city or country. D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. —
NEAT, young girl desires situation at. second
NEAT- young girl desires situation at second
work or nurse; city or country. D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. .
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation
at housework or cooking; best of ref.; city
or country. P. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ..
FIRST-CLASS German second girl desires sit-
uation: reference: city or country. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st. '
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation in country; good cook and house-
worker. MISS_H._CULLINAN._323 Sutter St.
COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situation:
American family: good reference. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under-
stands all branches/of cooking; city or coun-
try. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
general housework and plain cooking. Ad-
dress 302 Fourth St. -yX
A GERMAN girl wishes position to do upstairs
work for a good home and small compensa-
tion. Address box 2212, Call office.
LADY going to Wellesley College will chap-
{ eron going East. W.. box 2411, Call.
YOUNG lady educated ln all English branches
an.l in music desires position as governess;
city or country. Address MISS W.. 1110 Stan-
van st. '__ _____
FIRST-CLASS waitress. 2520 Twenty-fourth
street. ,_
GOOD cook on pastry wishes position in board-
ing house or private family; city references.
137 Third St.
DANISH girl wishes to do light housework in
small family. Call at 476 Jessie st. S
STENOGRAPHER desires position; able to
take German notes and transcribe them cor-
rectly; understands bookkeeping. Box 3204,
Call.* ; ,
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes position to
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes position to
do housework in small family or would keep
house' for widower with children: no trlflers.
22 Fifth St.. room 5.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation in
American family to do plain cooking and
general housework; wages $20. Address 3.2.
Folsom st. |
A. FIRST-CLASS German upstairs worker and
sewer. MISS HALL, 527 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress on second work; no
objection to country. 903 Sanchez st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation: general house-
; work and plain cooking; wages $20. 1022 Larkin.
I COMPETENT laundress would like to do work
in exchange ior 2 partly furnished basement
rooms. Apply at 312 Van Ness aye.
IF vou'n* short, borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NEAT girl would like a position at upstairs
work. Apply at l.'.S.', Post st,
AN American lady would like a position as
1 housekeeper; widower preferred; city or
country. Address 1007 Church st.
I POOR woman with large family of children,
bong without friends, wishes to get an op-
portunity to earn sufficient to get to her own
1 country, Mexico. Address 775 Washington St.,
Oakland. :X-
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggae to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
YOUNG man wants situation as second gard-
ener; understands horses and cows; refer-
! ence. Address room 62. 214 Third St.
BAKER and pastry cook wants situation In
good house; wide experience and good refer-.
ences. GEORGE STOLL. 781 Mission st.
, AMERICAN man and" wife would like situa-
tions: private family; good all-round man;
wife good cook; references exchanged. 116
I Fulton st.
I STABLEMAN— A Scotchman, 40 years old, total
STABLEMAN— A Scotchman. 40 years old, total
abstainer, experienced, would like a position.
Address THOMAS TODD, 527 Sacramento st.
ING man wants place in saloon as porter
to learn to tend bar. Address box 2208, Call.
SITUATION by young man to take care nt
horses, cow. garden: good driver; reference;
state wages. Box 3232, Calk -^
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncje Harris. 15 Grant.
WANTED— By young man, window or house
cleaning or other work; wallpaper cleaned.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.; tele-
phone East 963.
YOUNG man desires pos .on with private.
family; can milk, care for horses and gar-
den; references. Box 3205. Call offlce. !
! A GERMAN, 34, wants work as choreman on
ranch or private place taking care of live- I
stock: good driver and milker; references 1
given; wages $25. W. GRAUDENZER, 636
Commercial st. -
STEADY sober, young man, not afraid of !
work, would like a position; can give refer-
| ence ' Box 3213, Call offlce.
1 YOUNG man of 12 years' experience ln com-
mission business, with $1000, desires a re-
sponsible position: Al references. J. A. R..
box Sil. Oakland office Call.
j
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market St., San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1010 Leavenworth.? 2727 Jackson. 7 r $3j
811 Mission. 9 r.537 50 655 McAllister. 7 r..530
534 Haight, 7 r..527 50 1349 Howard, 6 r.....52l
756 Folsom. 7 r. s2l 00 1990 Ellis, 6 r $18
1134 Howard. 6 r.s2o 0C 132 Scott. 6 r $1»
. 121 Cedar ay.. 5 r.5i5,1609 Turk. 6 r $17 50
! AN elegant sunny middle corner flat; modern
improvements; 1000 Webster St., cor. Golden
Gate aye. ,
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin St.. nr. Golden Gate.
! BUSH. 1209%— Flat, 4 rooms; rent $12. Apply
121 IB Bush st. ' •
I CLAY 1443, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde— One
of the best built flats ln the city; strictly
first-class; 8 rooms and bath, with extra
room ln basement; rent reasonable. Box
3243, Call office. *
CLAYTON 872, south of Frederick— Modern
CLAYTON 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY, 629— A strictly first-class upper 8-room
flat; very sunny; rent reasonable. Box 3244,
Call office. *
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. ■ ■
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT of 8 rooms and batb, $27 50. 669 Mc-
Allister st.
FRANKLIN, 214— Nice clean sunny tenement;
6 rooms; modern improvements; upper flat.
DEN GATE AYE.. 1200-c-Sunny corner flat;
5 large rooms; unfurnished.
GREENWICH, 1424, bet. Polk st. and Van Ness
aye —6 large rooms, $18; 3 rooms, with stable,
$7. ' '_ ,
GUERRERO, 911 A, bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second— Fine sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath. . t
HAMPTON PL., 1. off Folsom, bet. 2d and 3d—
Sunny bay- window,; 3 rooms; bath; basement.
ISIS. 3, near Twelfth and Folsom— Flat; 4 sun-
ny' r00m.4: rent $13.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; mod-
crn improvements: rent $15. *
LOWER flat, 4 nice rooms. 14 Moss St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh, near Howard. $12.
MIDDLE flat of 3 rooms. 1310 Larkin st. Apply
1318 Larkin st.
NOE, 597-599. cor. Nineteenth— rooms, 13 50;
5 rooms, $17; sunny corner; water free.
SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant— sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
SINGLE lady wishes small family to take part
of flat. 4059 Nineteenth St., near Castro.
THIRD 417%— Latest improved flats; Ist. 8 rms..
2 kitchens; 2d. 7 rms.. one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
THIRTEENTH, " 220, near Howard— Cor. upper
flat; 6 rooms and bath; $16.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3011%— sunny flat, with
cellar; rent reasonable^ « '
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— s sunny
rooms; bath: large lot; $15; water free.
3 LARGE rooms. 29 Ringold St.. bet. Eighth
and Ninth, Folsom and Howard; $8.
2 CHOICE sunny flats: 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
$10. $11— SUNNY flats', range: hot and cold
water. 101 and 103 Prospect place, cor. Sacto.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$300— NICELY furnished flat of 7 rooms and
bath; nearly new; rent low. 772 Stevenson
St., near Ninth. * *
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 30c, 25c, 30c, 35c and 40c; linen warp
matting, 15c per yard for this week only.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO., 1310-1312
Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
2ND hand— Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
COOK, small country boarding house, $30, fare
here. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, city, $20 each; waitress and
chambermaid, $20 each; 10 young girls as
waitresses, $15 to $18. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NEAT young girl to ar-'st. $10 to $15 per
month. V. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Santa Cruz, $30: Sausalito, $25;
San Rafael, $25; Madera, $20; Stockton, $2.>;
Oakland, $23; Palo Alto, $25; Modesto. $20;
Berkeley, $20; Menlo, $30; Modesto, $25; Napa,
$15; San Jose, $20; 2 boarding house cooks,
$25 and $30: 15 young -Iris for housework,
. $25 and $20; 12 young girls to assist, $12
and $15. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
PLAIN laundress $20 per month. D. CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
Head waitress, city, $25; head waitress, city,
$22 50; 8 waitresses for best city hotels. $20;
2 chambermaids to wait, $20; £ chambermaids,
$18; chambermaid, $15; for the country, wait-
resses for Stockton, Fresno, Sacramento, Han-
lord, Salinas, Healdsburg, Madera, Colusa,
Benicia; 3 chambermaids to wait, country,
$20; lunch waitress, no Sunday work, $3 50.
FAMILY ORDERS •
Cook, $35; housegirl. Modesto. $25, see party
here; cook, Santa Clara, $25; 2 housegirls,
Martinez, $20; housegirl, A'isalia, $15; second
girl, Alameda, $20; German girl, city, $25,
choice place; housegirl, $25; and many
girls of all nationalities, $10 to $25: night
nurse for Institution, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. *
WANTED— First-class Protestant cook, no
• wash, $35, see lady at our offlce early this
forenoon; German cook for coffee house, $30;
6 first-class German and Scandinavian cooks.
$30; 4 neat Protestant girls, general house-
work, each 3 in family, $25; 40 girls for gen-
eral housework, German and American fami-
lies, city and country. $20 and $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Waitress, parlor maid, plain sew-
ing, $25; Protestant second girl, $25; 6 other
second girls, $20, city and country; 6 German
nurses, $20 and $25; 4 French nurses and sec-
ond girls, $20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Pantry girl, $20; nurse for an in-
stitution. $20; 10 waitresses for city and
country hotels and restaurants, $20 and $6 a
week; girl for housework, Arizona, $25; 3
cooks, boarding-houses, $25, and a number of
young girls at $15 a month. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 COOKS, $35 each; housework. Oakdale $30,
Palo Alto $25, Oakland $20, Modesto $20, »New-
man $20, Belvedere $20, and several other
towns; 10 waitresses' and chambermaids, city
and oountry, $20 and $25; a number of house-
work girls, city, $25. $20 and $15; 8 young girls
to assist, $10 to $15. MISS 11. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter St.; phone Main 651.
COOK, institution, $35; helper. $25; 2 second
girls, $25 and $20; nursegirl, $23; cook, Ameri-
can family, $25; 4 cooks, German style, $25
and $30; housegirl, Oakland, $25. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $25, city hotel; waitresses. $20, free
fare, country hotels. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26
Montgomery St., room 12.
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 26 Montgomery St., room 12.
WANTED— girl; must know how to sew.
Apply 1805 Broadway.
WANTED Girl to assist in housework; Ger-
man preferred. 843 Pine st.
WANTED— GirI who understand;; German cook-
ing; reference required. Apply 1721 Jackson
St., bet. 9 and ,10:30 a. m.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 1434 Post st., bet. 9 and 11 a. m,
WANTED— German nursegirl for German chil-
dren; wages $15. MRS. SIEBENHAUER, 120
derlck st.
WANTED— By a family of 3 adults; strong
German or American girl for housework and
to assist with cooking; reference required;
wages $12. Box 2404, Call office.
GERMAN girl;, small family: general house-
work; good wages. 933 Haight st.
WANTED— Woman for general housework in
family of 2. . Call at 2409 Pacific aye.
GOOD girl for upstairs work; also girl for
kitchen; wages $15. 521 Post st.
YOUNG girl' to do housework in a small fam-
ily; wages $16 to $18. ■ 1422 Devisadero st.
McALLISTER, 797— Girl for general housework;
call forenoon.
BRIGHT young women of good appearance to
act as salesladies. Call at 25 Third St., r. 24.
OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists to take
work home. 723 Market st., room 35.
OPERATORS wanted In factory to work on
children's coats. 72.*: Market st., room 35.
BUTTONHOLE operator wanted; Singer sewing
machine. 350 Minna St. '
OPERATORS; also forelady; wrappers, skirts,
knee pants. 23 Stevenson St., room 16.
WANTED— nurse and seamstress;
personal references; none other need apply.
Write or call between 10 and 12 a. m., Thurs-
day, August 31, 107 Thirteenth at.. Oakland.
GERMAN girl, upstairs work and assist with
children. Apply morning, 1004 Paru St., Mor-
ton station, Alameda.
WANTED— cook for a small family; Ger-
man or Scandinavian preferred; references re-
quired. Apply to 2522 Octavla St., cor. Vallejo.
WANTED— Talloress to work on coats. Apply
24 Montgomery St., rooms 1 and 2.
GIRL for housework and assist with children;
good home. 524 Oak st. ■
WANTED— experienced saleslady for a dry
goods business; one who speaks Italian; good
wages; references. Box 2402. Call office.
WANTED— FIT3t-class German cook with ref-
erences. Apply at 1721 Van Ness aye., bet.
9 and 12.
EXPERIENCED waitress for restaurant. 406
McAllister st.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of chil-
dren and assist ln house; good pay. 314%
Clementina st. '
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats; wages
. $12 per week. 40 ElHs st., room 54.
WANTED— Woman second cook In restau-
rant and to do pastry cooklngt 755 Market.
WANTED— Experienced waitress; no other
need apply. 755 Market st.
GIRL to assist ln light housework; reference.
1227 Golden Gate aye. '
WANTED— GirI for light housework and plain
cook at 1310% Ellis st.
WANTED— nursegirl, $20. Call Tues-
day at 1305 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
3448 Twentieth St., cor. Capp.
FINISHER on pants. 107 Fifth St., room 6.
WANTED— good waitress; good wages; call
early. 2813 Greenwich st. :
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker . wanted.
BOWHAY. 516 Sutfr St.
GIRL or woman to assist light housework; 2
children. 3190 Sixteenth St., nr. Guerrero.
WANTED— ParIor maid; state age, experience:
reference and salary. Apply box 2412, Call.
WANTED— experienced notion saleslady by
large dry goods house; state age, experience,
reference and salary. Apply box 2413, Call.
FIRST-CLASS- dressmaker accustomed to tail-
or suits. 1622 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on custom
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on custom
coats. 533 Natoma St. '
I NEAT, honest girl for light housework and
cooking: 2 in .family; sleep at home. 130
Powell st. XX:i-_yX
EXPERIENCED talloress and an apprentice;
steady work. 347 Third st.
WANTED— Experienced young lady to assist ln
dressmaking. 1 735 Broadway. ££"- *
GIRL wanted to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 718 Larkin st.
WANTED— Good cook, German preferred, for
country: will pay $30. Address box 3256, Call.
GIRL for housework. 1053 Market St., up-
stairs. - , + - *, _^
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; small
family. 626 Grove st.
WANTED— Experienced waitress; call early.
126 Ninth st. ' **
OPERATORS on shirts: a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont
St.; take elevator.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO., LTD.. Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO.,
LTD.. Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
HELP WANTED— FemaIe. _^
LADY to manage or rent 14 rooms newly fur-
nished; north of, Market. Apply 743 Mission.'
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS A CO., at 32% Fremont St.,
are putting ln ■-. the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. ■ .. *
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
ELDERLY lady or young girl to take care of
baby 2 years old and housework for 3; French
preferred. Call until 9 a. m. and from 5 to 8
p. m., 609 Taylor st. ■■
GIRL for housework: small family; wages $10.
. Apply at 1025 Laguna st.
NEAT young girl for light housework; small
family; good home. 616% Lombard st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress and seamstress; best
references. 1900 Jackson Bt.. 9 to 12.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants; 75c
and $1 pair; steady "work. 411% Kearny st.
WANTED— -cleaner, presser; steady
work. 2819 Greenwich st., near Presidio.
A FEW machines are yet vacant In our over-
all department; bright young girls will be
taken for Instruction; steady work assured
and paid while learning. STANDARD SHIRT
FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
AMERICAN man and wife, private family;
wife good cook, man all-around- workman;
references exchanged. Address CHARLES
AYMER, 116 Fulton st. ■ ■
WANTED — Ironers and machine hands for
ladles' and children's wear at UNITED
STATES LAUNDRY, Sixteenth St., near
Valencia. .*•... -,-:*;'-';
MAKER and apprentice wanted at SELMA,
Milliner, 587 Geary st. : v .**•*
WANTED— Experienced hands ln box factory.
WEMPE BROS., 127 Mission St.
FINISHER on coats; must be good operator.
956 Washington St., Oakland.
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom-
made coats. £32% Folsom st.
WANTED— HeIp in kitchen. 113. Turk st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. *-.'.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WANTED — Male.
' HELP AVANTED — Male.
MURRAY A READY PHONE MAIN -5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
94 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35, $30, $26 and found;
25 milkers and buttermakers..s3o, $25 and fd.
16 choremen and boys ,
.....$3O, $26, $20, $15, $10 and found
5 laborers for deck hands, no experience
$45 and found
5 faimers and wives $40, «S5 and found
2 gardeners and wives $40, $3,, and found
3 milkers and wives $35. $30 and found
..BOILERMAKERS AND BLACKSMITHS..
3 boilermakers $3 75 day
9 blacksmiths '. •'
$3, $2 50 day, $50, $45, $30 and found
Cabinetmakers, coal miners, slate splitters.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
..... GOVERNMENT WORK
IS carpenters, free fare .' — $3 day
Wood turner, wagonmakers, harnessmakers,
upholsterers and clerk, all good Jobs.. s3 day
Mill bench hand a»d carriage painter, $2 75
day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
SUPERINTENDENT for laying an electric
light plant. MURRAY A READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
2 RANCH FOREMEN $50 and $35 and fd
2 grading foremen $50 to $60 and fd
foreman stonemason $4 50 day and fd
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
1000.. 0NE THOUSAND FRUITPICKERS..IOOO
men or boys, anybody will suit, for all parts
of California, fare from $1, offlce fee $1; also
to work in packing and drying houses, help
ship fruit to California and Eastern markets,
including to Europe, $30 per month and found,
90 days' work. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
950 GRAPEPICKERS
900 GRAPEPICKERS
$30 PER MONTH..... and found
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
... GREAT CROWDS GOING. ARE YOU?
WE PAY YOUR FARES. .TO 37 SAWMILLS
and woods In California, $26 to $40 and found
paid to laborers learn to run machines, etc.
(no experience required); YOU WILL SUIT.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
FREE T0. ...L0S ANGELES DISTRICT
20 teamsters and laborers, free fare. .s2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
FREE TO ....MADERA COUNTY ....FREE
12 teamsters and laborers, free fare, $1 75 and
$190 a day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636. C1ay St. ■
FREE ■ ~ FREE ................FREE
I GREAT R. R...ALL R. R. ..BUT ONE R. R.
We ship you free (the one R. R. we don
ship to Is Coast road); drillers, laborers,
teamsters, etc.; hammersmen, stone and con-
crete masons, scraper holders, loaders, sec-
tion hands, etc.; wages from $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
~ TO THE MINES
2 men to help timber, see boss here, $40 and
found •,•••:;•• _••. :
36 laborerb (no experience required), $34 and
found • • • •
WE WANT THOUSANDS OF^tttT^
woodchoppers, tools and food found and $2 50
to $1 cord; tiemakers, FARE PAID, 12c each.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
BOY wanted our office. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
'. BIG WAGES
HAY BALERS. ...S3 50 day. ...HAY BALERS
55 men to work in hay and harvest fields,
$2 50, $2, $175, $150, $125 day and board
24 laborers for a ranch $60
285 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California. $3 50, $3, $2 75, $2 50, $2, $175 day..
$3 day. .39 drillers.. .hammersmen. ..s2 75 day
25 laborers San Mateo Co .'....560
53 laborers, no experience $75
12 teamsters, four horses $60
9 stablemen, city and country, $10, $35, $30, $25
and found; 5 sandstone cutters, 3 stonema-
sons, $5 and $3 50 day. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
LAUNDRY MEN ! BOYS BAKERS
12 laundrymen, come and see, $35, $30, $25 and
found; 3 second, 4 third hands and 5 boys to
learn bakers' trade. $35, $30, $25, $20, $15, $10
and found: 18 boys to learn trades, work in
stores, factories, etc., $25, $20, $15, $10- and
, found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
54 laborers $2 and $175 day
22 teamsters.. s4o and $26 per month and found
5 laborers for factories $65
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
MAN AS BARTENDER, wife as cook, plain
country hotel, $40 and found. MURRAY A
READY. 634 and 636 Clay St. . *
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
35 cocks $50, $55, $45, $40. $30 and found
36 waiters $30, $25 and found
57 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
porters; pantrymen; bell elevator boys
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary St.. Em-
ployment agents
office fee and railroad fare, both free :...
6 stonemasons $3 50 a day
15 stonemasons' helpers $2 50 a day
25 tunnelmen, drillers, etc. .s2 to $2 75 a day
• 60 four-horse teamsters :..$2 a day
50 two-horse teamsters $1 75 a day
100 laborers, shovelers, etc.. sl 75 to $2 a day
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
. - C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Qeary st.
FREE FARE.
25 2 and 4 horse teamsters.. s2 day. board $4 50
16 plow holders and dumpers $2 15 a day
15 laborers $175 a day
6 men to help timber a tunnel $2 a day
FOR THE VALLEY RAILROAD. -.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
12 teamsters, $1' 90 a day; board $4 50.
For new work in the Interior.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
. FREE FARE.
2 camp waiters, $25 each, coast road; dish-
washer, Valley road. $25.
*.. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $60; cook, private boarding
house, 15 people, $15; vegetableman, $30; night
dishwasher, $30; kitchen help, $5, $6 and $7
a week; assistant cook, $10 a week. >?.'■■.:<
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary St.
$100 AND found ■ for ■an all-round, competent
head laundryman.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
4 MEN to work ln a winery, $1 a day and
found; prune pickers, fruit pickers, almond
pickers, $1 a day and found, for Butte, Contra
Costa, -. Yolo and Santa Clara counties, no
i experience required; 40 men and large boys
* wanted. .
Grape pickers about September 1 1, $1 and
found. - . •''yii y
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, country hotel, $45 and
found. -.-.-.--•- **..--. ;».-,
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
BELLEpY. $12; sleep home. MISS H. CULLL
NAN. 323 Sutter st. .
BUTLER. $30 per month. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 Stockton St.— Family
help: Butler, $40; second. butler, $30: coach-
man, $30: gardener, $30; man about place. $25;
kitchen boy, $25; hotel and restaurant cooks,
waiters and kitchen hands - for best houses
In town; bell, elevator boys, $10, $15; 3 boys to
deliver, $3, $5 week, etc.; restrnt. butcher, $50.
EXTRA cook, $2 25 per day and free fare; wait-
ers, $25, country hotels; bellboy, city hotel,
$15. HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery et.,
room 12. .
GOOD boy wanted In paint shop; light work;
$2 50 per week. Cor. Sutter and Laguna sts.
; HELP . 'WANTED— Male. , ...
•^uiT-\\-.v.\v'.^^?EESi^S
: FRUIT PICKERS .... .»..".'.....'.
FRUIT PICKERS ..•••
: 50 men and strong boys to pick fruit for large
company near city; $1 per day and board; i
, months' job. W. D. EWER A CO.. 610 * Clay.
WANTED— For milk depot in city, middle-aged
man to act as salesman and make himseir
generally useful at $20 per month and found,
Al place. W. D. EWER A CO., 610 Clay st.
NOTICE ™",tV
Do you want work? If so, call on W. D.
Ewer A Co. and Ward A Co., 610. Clay St..
who guarantee every job they send you to
and will refund fare and fee if you do not
find work where we send you ; we want to-day
60 men to pick fruit at $1 per day and board
and long Job; 5 farm hands. Santa Clara, for
large orchard, $26 and board; milkers, woods-
men, men -for mills, laborers, teamsters, men
for brickyards, and 100 others. W. D.
EWER A CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Bread baker for shop near city, $50
per month and found; second-hand baker,
country shop, $30 and found. W. D. EWER
A CO.. 610 Clay st. -' .' -'
WANTED— 4-horse teamster to haul milk from
Mission road to city depot; must be sober, re-
liable man with references; wages $30 and
found. Apply to W. D. EWER A CO., 610
Clay st. . .
W'ANTED— 2O more fruit pickers, $1 day; 2
W'ANTED— 2O more fruit pickers, $1 day: 2
plain carpenters. $2 50 day; stableman; man
handy with tools, for ranch: 2 farmers tor San
Mateo Co., $26; 150 laborers for mines, quar-
ries, railroads, irrigation ditches and other
work. $1 75 to $2 40 day ; 4 laborers about mill.
$30 and board: pond man for mill. *o0
and board; chore men, $15 and $20; wood-
choppers. $1 50 and $1 75 cord; teamsters, $1 <a
and $2 day, and many others. J. F. CKO-
SETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento st. __
WANTED— Candvmaker for country, $8 week
and found, fare advanced: 2 cooks and wives
for country. $65 and $45: 3 restaurant cooks,
$35 and found and $'.' and $10 week; restaurant
second cooks. $6 to $10 week: cook for 6 men,
$25 and increase; bread baker. $30 and found;
assistant baker. $25 and found and $7 week
and found; waiters, $30; 20 dishwashers $d
to $7 week and $20. $25 and $30 month; bed-
makers, $4 50 and $9 week; young German to
assist in saloon, $20, and others. J. F. LKU-
SETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st. • __
WANTED— Young man to drive parcel delivery
wagon; wages $5 per week; give reference, ex-
perience and age. Box 2410, Call.
YOUNG man with $50 who understands the
oyster business. Box 2405. Call.
YOUNG butcher, neat and active; $6 a week
and board and room. Box 3214, Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS buggy washer and harness
cleaner In livery stable. 2626 Mission st.
WANTED— First-class carpenter to buy lot or
cottage and lot and pay part In work. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
COAT and vest makers for country. Apply
REISS BROS., 24 Sutter St. ,*
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1205 Fillmore St.. nr.
Turk; $6 per week. ■ *
CHANDELIER makers and bench hands. Ap-
ply Supt. THOS. DAY CO.. 725 Mission st.
WANTED— German speaking boy. J. HUS-
CHLER, 1336 Alabama st.
WANTED— Boys. Apply 111 Clay st
DRUGGIST. Junior; give age, experience, sal-
ary expected. Box 2043, Call office.
WANTED— coatmaker. Room 3,
Flood building.
WANTED— First-class house ■ painter. Apply
737 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Steady man for light offlce and out-
Bide work; must be satisfied with $16 to $20
per week and have $150 cash; experience not
necessary. 1032 Market st., room 4.
WANTED Office boy; hours 7 to 6; wages $3
per week; give reference and age. Box 2409,
Call office.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 1073 Market
St., near Seventh.
BUTCHER boy wanted. Apply 1143 Folsom
street. __^ ___^
WANTED— or stout boy to wait on crip-
ple through daytime at 9 Hopeton Terrace,
oft Washington; $1 day per day and board.
WANTED— Good sober man to work around
stable. 3799 Washington st., corner Maple.
WANTED— at No. 3 Jackson st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
rooms. 120 Geary st. '
WANTED— dishwasher; good wages. Call
early at 2813 Greenwich st. .
GOOD barber for Wednesday and Thursday
evenings; Saturday and Sunday; wages.
514% Third St.
MAN to help pressing on vests. 641% Steven-
son st.
BOY or young man to work in fruit store.
837, Geary st. ___^_
LUNCH waiter and dishwasher. 432 Fifth
street. . ■"- - * : ■ '-'*.-- - - ;'
WANTED— boys, 14 to 16 years of age,
by a large dry-goods house. Apply box 2414,
Call office.
TINSMITH and boy wanted. Apply to POWER
A PIKE, 17 Drumm St.
A GOOD barber wanted at 195 Fourth st.
BAKER wanted to help on bread. Call 11
a. uf., 3260 Nineteenth st., near Howard.
WANTED— barbers for city or country; good
wages. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
WANTED— A sober, experienced bedmaker;
I wages, $20 and room. 664% Howard st. ;
BOOTBLACK wanted cor. Market and Tenth
streets. -y
! MAN to work half day for board and lodging.
2759 Mission st. *
GOOD barber for country. Apply early, 812
Battery st.
A DISHWASHER and waiter wanted at 135
Fifth st.; eail early.
j GOOD barber wanted; steady ■ extra. 167
Ninth st.
GREEN hands wanted for ships for Australia
at.d Europe; good wages, at HERMAN'S, 26
Steuait st. .
DISHWASHER. 3034 Sixteenth st., near Va-
lencia.
WANTED — A dishwasher at 907 Kearny st.
BOOKKEEPER Bay State Restaurant. Call be-
tween 10 and 11 a. m., 29 Stockton st. •_::-
- Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
LIGHT porter. Apply to box 3255. Call offlce.
FOR sale cheap — 2-chair barber shop and laun-
dry. H. BERNARD. 101 Seventh st.
LOANS on valuables made through Wells-Far-
go Express. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOY wanted to work In fruit store. Apply 930
Fillmore st. :"•••}:';'' |
YOUNG man. . German speaking, for saloon,
lunchman. 1053 Market st.
WANTED— 2O laborers for Point Richmond;
wages $2; also 10 hammer and drill men,
wages $2 25. Apply JAMES A. McMAHON,
210 Spear st.
A FIRST-CLASS tinsmith wanted. Apply o!>s
Mission st.
A STEADY man wanted to milk 15 cows. Ap-
ply 333% Fourth st. "'-.-•-
-GOOD home for elderly man to care horses and
work around place; small wages. 333% 4th st.
WANTED— A dishwasher in restaurant. lit
Turk st ■
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
50c. 562 Mission st., bet. lst and 2d sts.
TAILOR, cleaner and pressers wanted. 2819
Greenwich St.. near Presidio. •
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso-
rlal art; constant. practice: expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed: call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College. ,635 Clay st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station.
on Valley Road. ■'.. X
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 135% Eighth at.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
— : neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50 up; sole-
lng. 30c up: heeling. 15c •p. 923 Howard st.
TRY our 15c meals; best In' city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. ■
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.; free shaving In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary - seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, • 15c and 250
per night. Lindell,* Cth ar.d Howard ;- read. rm.
SINGLE rooms,' 15c, 20c, 25c per night: 75c. $1
.to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel.- 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room- free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best lh America— The Weekly
Call, 16 PaS«. sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 11
postage , paid. f ' j
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
MULES— car large and one car small
mules tor sale; also pasturage, for 1000 head
' dt stock 'the' yeai-' ft special -field of
alfalfa, Egyptian corn and other kinds of
feed to fatten 500 head of cattle by Jan. 1,
1900. J. M. CANTY, Grayson, Cal. __
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZfEL. Veterinary Dentist. 60S Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. _____ •
LAGUNA, 1715-1717, near Sutter— .sun-
ny house Of 8 rooms and bath.
MINNA 6?— House, 9 rooms, sunny side; rent
cheap;' key at 585 Mission st.
$l(>-FOR rent. 4 rooms and bath. 429 Douglass
st. key next door. **
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath.. 735 Laurel
aye., near Turk and Buchanan sts.
$35— THREE-STORY bay-window house in good
order, with large yard and stable; 1829 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner. E. ROBINET.
411% California St. ._ ■
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. "HARRIS. 15 Grant.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the*
United States, postpaid; for $1 per year.
HOUSES LODGING For Sale.
FIRST-CLASS rooming house: north Market:
great bargain. COWING A CO.. 995 Market.
FOR sale— Furnished house of 12 sunny rooms;
partly rented; very reasonable. 426 O'Farrell.
LODGING house; corner: 14 rooms; all bay-
windows: full: $500 cash; cause of selling
sickness. 225 Mason st., cor. O'Farrell.
THREE rooms, 'handsomely furnished.
' COAST EXCHANGE CO.. 719 Market st.
$500— LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 13 rooms.
Inquire 87 Third st.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate . hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week,
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the HI hernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MARY CONNOLLY or MATHIAS
J. CONNOLLY, .No. 204-*564. The finder will
please return to bank. , .
Thursday, at Broadway and Fillmore
St., a fur collar. Return 2421 California »L
LOST— A pair of gold eyeglasses bet. Presidio
and Larkin st. Return to 2412 Larkin st. and
receive reward. * ■ -*
LOST— Basket with locked straps; C. E. Moore
on handle: $5 reward. Return to Battery D,
First California, Presidio. '
LOST— black horse and buggy; monogram
W. T. Co. Notify the Western Transfer and
Storage Co., 323 Front st. : reward.
LOST— Monday afternoon, bet. Taylor and Bat-
tery sts., on Market, watch fob made of
Spanish coins. Return Sergt. Koeneman.
Company D, First Cal. Vol.; reward. •__
LOST— Brown and white fox terrier; name
"Mountle." Finder please return to 705%
Folsom st. ; reward. . ■
LOST— Monday afternoon, from California Ho-
tel, an old red Irish setter, with collar un-
marked. Reward if returned to hotel.
LOST— S2 50 reward; pug dog; name Duke;
mole on eyelid. F. SCHMIDT. 425 Ellis at.
LOST— Pair eyeglasses at Presidio Sunday
la^t. Return to 93S Geary st.; reward.
LOST— In San Francisco Saturday evening,
August 26, 1599, in the neighborhood of the
ferry depot, a purs" containing a small sum.
of money and a sun breastpin cemented with
a sapphire stone, surrounded by 36 chipped
diamonds. Finder will please return to J.
ROHAN, Fifth and Washington sts.. Oak-
land, and receive liberal reward. . .
LOST— Small black Cocker spaniel dog, heav-
ily feathered; has on nickel link and leather
collar; has been mi-sing several days. - Re-
turn to 1352 Market st. Liberal reward.
LOST Sealskin cape at corner of Call build-
ing, Saturday night. Aug. 26; suitable re-
ward if returned. 511 Capp St.
LOST or strayed, last Thursday night, a brown
horse and light bi*,-gy. Return to Blackhawk
Stables, Valencia and Twenty-third sts.
BOX containing plate holders, lens, on Market,
near Ninth. Return to 94 Third. Reward.
LOST— 24 or 25, locket with son's pic-
ture. Return to 115 Ninth st. ; liberal re-
ward. * '■**■*- -.::'"- _^
LOST— Maltese cat; name "Boss." Liberal re-
ward at ,3656 Twentieth st.
FOUND— Chain of small value; owner can
have same by proving property and paying
charges. Call 2612 Post st. y-'y -V :--■*.
■ mmmm_m^s__m_m_m —^ ________l
MEDICAL.
MEDICAL. "
A SURE," safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their caso before going elsewhere: they will
find ln her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment. $5; no In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR GWYER, 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; offlce hours,
10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at ot-
flee: $5 positively; no instruments used; safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fail;
absolute success and safety, guaranteed ; tray-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
flrst 'the only reliable ladies' physician ot
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.,
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m.
to sp. m, ; Sundays, 9 to 4.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home tha
same day; no instruments used; cure at of-
flee, $5; home In confinement: skillful medical
attention: all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours. -10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. n>.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert In diseases of women: safe, quick
cure for all female complaints; private- home
ln confinement; every comfort: infants adopt-
ed: best of care and medical attention: In-
stant relief for travelers; ail those who are
. sick or discouraged should call; they will find
a true friend and adviser; consult free; self-
cure, $5: can he used at home. .
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
50. years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief.
though else fi*'- delicacy. privacy, home.
etc. ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent, call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market St..
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once;. safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5: restores in one day and
prevents disgrace: con be sent: consultation
free; ladles' phvsiclan. practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. $18 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
•female specialist, . relieves monthly Irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of irreg-
ularities than any other physician; never
falls to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free: call or write. 1023% Market st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a, m., 1 to J
and 7 to 9 d. m. .-'';".'•_"
LADIES! — Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best; safe, reliable; take no
other: send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief
for Ladles." in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philada.. Pa.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure: maternity home
no Instruments: consultation free.confldentlal:
home treatments. MRS. ALLEN. 22BVanNess!
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure- $' 50;
f^*^"*s^ C' °- D-: don,t de,a>' until too Tate."
;nlPcnoooi,oiD^ don>t dela>' until *"*>
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
Aosß'*A£D MRS- SILVA. 215% Mason st.-
Krlvate home In confinement; ladles' frien 1
In trouble: terms reas.: call and be convinced.
NICE private home ln confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city; infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife. 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home ln confinement, by German
midwife; infants adopted Into good homes;
rm. for Invalid. 521 Eddy: phone Hyde 2553.
D-/fIP?A.E'S Female Regulating Pills: safe and
', ao™"!. ""m«nagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS A CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agents.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market-Instant relief
■ for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up,
MRS. ACHARD.-ildwlfe; pleasant sunny homa
. in confinement. 15« Second st. ; tel. Green 32.
CR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis.
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
LOANS on diamonds and jewels: low Interest:
I perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
$100 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. jewelry.
I Pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.aiISCELLANEOUS For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, ?-hand. machinery. Mc-
I N TOSHlft, .WQLPMAX, fjj|ggi ZPTt^ftl^.^L, '"■
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12
and 24 in . : gas engine, 2d hand. J. BURKE,
129 Beale St. -.*;,*
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
flee furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.*
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged, 1063 Mission st.
TWO French beveled mirrors; perfect; 40x54
inches; just made by mistake too large; a
gain; In frames or without frames.
J0.. ..05, 547 Mission st.
DO you know of any tools or machinery for
sale? EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays e-omm.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or installments. THE
KSWICK-BALKE CO., 655 Market St.
PURE distilled water ice. $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. : $4 for less; sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers'
1 c Co., 420 Eighth st., S. F. .
A- $20~ SUIT for~sl(ir^ ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR. 513 Montgomery st.
A— S. 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatter«. 830' Kearny st., near Pine.
DESKS.offlce and card tables: desks changed,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
fcAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.-. 417-421 Sacramento St.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.:Steyenson St.
2D-H\ND eneines boilers, machinery', dyna-
mos, bought, %ol_d. H S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
BAFES Bargains in new and second-hand, all
'sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST nnel best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address tn the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. .
DO you know nny tool machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN. >*• Mission, pays commission.
MONEY TO LOAN.
_^._,._
ANY amount en furniture, pianos, without re-
A^xY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back "in installments or as a whole; If you
ewe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
fire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 nohoe t.ldK. . 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos ln 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays J.
NAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 0!; per cent on real estate, 3d
er.d 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. B. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
St re, Mci Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Offlce, 214 Grant ave.-r-Money
leaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: lst and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
M NEY loaned salaried people on their notes
ivithout indorser. TOUSLEY, 892 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
nmrc money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
.\.-* we are selling good upright pianos for $6
-h and $6 per month, we ask you to Invest!-
■■■ and approve this method; prices are the
- tine as if purchased for all cash; bargains
::• cx-d second-hand uprights upon same easy
i .vrr.ents and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
; per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
.-•..-inway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
«:* . San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. . — -
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
-vest of Chicago ls KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2'i. 2? and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: .every-
•hlng possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HANDSOME, almost new, " Steinway upright
: :. almost n°w, Ptelnway upright
sacrificed. P.m. 12, Flood bide.. 4th and Mkt.
W G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Haliett & Davis pianos.
G'>OD rtano In storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 789 Market st.
A DECkER & SON. the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS', 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SOHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
A-JSS UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 138 Ellis.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzv and other pianos. 308
Post st.
I Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post St. ■
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 0 Farrell St. .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
$I*V- STORE, fixtures. 3 nice living-rooms and
cellar. 1008 Natoma st., near Eleventh.
I.M MA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market at.—
Desirable offlces. $12 50 to $20.
STORE to let suitable for barber shop, etc.
Inquire 621 California St.
___________
PALMISTRY.
SEERQAARD, pupil of Count St. Or-
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. *16 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hour*. ItoK p. m reading by mall,sl.
PERSONALS.
THE firm of BOESON & CO., florists an.l dec-
orators, is by mutual consent dissolved this
26th day of August. 1599. R. BOESON. sue-
cessor, takes all responsibilities.
DORA FALLMAN.
ROBERT BOESON,
NOTICE— Business person going East on the
10th Inst, will attend to any commissions In
the cities of New York, Philadelphia, Boston.
Address box 3234, Call office.
A— C. C. VAN EMAN, proprietor Fashion Hair
Store, Oakland, says the Star Hair Remedy
Is all and more than Its manufacturers claim
. for lt. We claim it restores gray hair to na-
tural color, Mops falling, cures dandruff. itch-
ing scalp and grows new hair. Our claims
■proved Is proof that you should use The Star
Hair Remedy in preference to other so-called
restorers. Druggists and hairdressers sell it.
Take no other. * . * ' y
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA makes the hair
BOfL glossy and beautiful. Is what lt claims
to be, a Hair Tonic; 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton.
REST assured that LEDERER'S hairdresslng
is always the latest; 2ic only. See his win-
dow display of beautiful hair combs of every
description at lowest price. 123 Seockton st.
LARGE list of lodging houses and flats; we
make a specialty of them. COAST EX-
CHANGE CO., 719 Market st.
MARY— I Rot toy handsome cape at the East-
crn Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything In that
line on easy payments; open evenings. ■
JOHN 'L. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, HO 75: pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 4644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
2f,c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MMi: LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st. *
RUPTURE, plies cured; examination' free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfield. 838 Market st.
V— LADIES' tailor-made suits to • order at
Wholesale figures. KRAMER. 2" Sansome st.
-' li'i'il. children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton st.
[OOD tal.or-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny St. *=
lAMES A SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed, to 103 Sixth st.; near Mission.
BUMMER bamboo furnitdre below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TANI. 313 Sutter St.
Fll i'TIT'.E stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. OoHi)n,Sl4 Pine. -ab.Kmy.
\-Ladles' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
-' ITS to order on easy installments L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. ah and Sth.
? ANTED -Old gold for. manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRI'VER. free treatment dally, 10
a. fff.'Vhd'R m. 1206 Market St., room 6.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, offlce and residence,
10214 Market St.. bet. *• Sixth and Seventh. 1
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— By a practical farmer, either
dairy, stock, vineyard _, or ' grain "ranch to
rent on shares, with everything furnished.
Address H. J., box MOB. Call office
REAL ESTATE — CITY For Sale.
$600— SACRIFICE; city poultry farm; $7 30
monthly; cottage and lots; cheap at $1200;
chicken, duck an.l goose houses; free run for
Hock. 1223 Cortland aye., ,or DOLAN, 636
Market st. .. • . -.
PACIFIC AVENUE— ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
. $22,500. . . -....
LARGE LOT 61:4x127:8%.
This grand home, 20c7 Pacific avenue, between
Octavla and Laguna streets, must be sold. J
Contains : 12 large rooms, every modern Im-
provement.
Commands an unobstructed marine view.
Is in the immediate vicinity of all the fash-
ionable residence sites recently purchased on
Pacific avenue.
For an inspection of the premises, call at our
offlce for an order. . ;..\
, ' A. J. RICH A CO.,
- 112 Montgomery street.
$1350 .' I./.. '.'51330
What Is it for the small sum of $1350? A
new 6-room house In Berkeley, near Dwlght-
way;.only $300 cash,, balance $15 per month.
ENGLISH A MORRISSEY, 630 Market St. .
NEW H0ME5........ ;
Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting* on
Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500; terms to* suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder. - : - **
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery at.
FOR sale— A fine cor. residence: 10 rooms and
bath; central location; price $7250; no agents.
Box 3216. Call office. .
' RESTAURANT'S.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.; popular price
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH, 353— Three connecting housekeeping;
$13; two, $12; single rooms, $5 to $7. .
FILLMORE, 2208. near Clay— sls: 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
FOLSOM, 523— Parlor floor 3 large rooms, single
or en suite, for housekeepg. ; all conveniences.
GEARY. 1917—4 nice unfurnished. rooms; -bath;
toilet:. gas; yard; basement. ■ .
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1200— Large, sunny fur-
nished room; private family.
HOWARD, M '■'-"•♦. near Sixth— Nice sunny house-
keeping rooms; reasonable. y^.
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— clean,
sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref.
LEWIS, 16. off Taylor, near Post— A newly fur-
nished bedroom and kitchen; stove; $11.
MARKET, 1028 — Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; rent $12.
MARTHA place. 2, off Geary, near Taylor— 2
furnished • rooms for housekeeping. .
McALLISTER, 405— Furnished parlor floor; '4
or 5 rooms; $20 and $25.
MINNA. - 40 — Convenient, .comfortably fur-
nished housekeeping rooms'; rent reasonable.
MINNA, 322—2 or 1 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping.
MINNA, 371. nr. Fifth— Large front room;
stove, closets; private family; also basement
room. - >
NATOMA. 645— Two or three sunny furnished
rooms, complete- for housekeeping. $9 and. $15.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS,
PINE. 1300— Two front sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping: gas stove, folding bed: $15.
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house.
keeping room; rent cheap. .__
POLK 1827'— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping: bath; private family; low rent.
SHIPLEY, 262. near Sixth— 3 unfurnished sunny
rooms; rent $S 50.
BT JAMES. Laguna and McAllister—
sunniest In city; low rates; furnished or not.
SUITE 2 nice sunny rooms, complete' for j
housekeeping: furniture all new; 2 . folding
beds. 1 In kitchen and 1 In bedroom; suitable
for I or 4 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562
Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.; rent
* $2 50 per week; $10 per month. -• -
SUTTER. lUI. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg. ; terms reasonable.
TENTH, 123, *tr. Market— Large sunny front
room with kitchen, $11. *
TWELFTH. 40, near Market— Nicely furnished
front room, with use of kitchen; $6.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166. r.r Howard— Modern
sunny 4 rooms furnished; piano; rent ex-
changed for board. '* •
TWO furnished rooms for housekeeping: rent $6
to single person. Key at 166 Clara Et.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Elegant sunny upper
floor ; 3 rooms and bath: other rooms. ■
ROOMS TO — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A^BRUNSWICK 'House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $". per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor.Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and. light
housekeeping rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt.. renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms.; transient.
AT New t, and. 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day: 90c to $4 wk: also housekeeping.
AT the Sapphire. 413 Jones St., near Ellis— New-
ly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable rates.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
r rms., suites, single; also, unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. A offices.
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from $1 M a week up. . ■
ELLIS. 518— New and elegantly -. furnished
rooms, en suite, double or single. .
FERNWELL House, 47 Post— New managem'nt;
all rms refurnished; suites and single; baths.
FIFTH. 39— Sunny furnished- rooms; double or
single"; running water. * '*' •,.'■-.
FIFTH,' 309— New corner house; parlor and bed-
room, with kitchen; sunny rooms; handsome-
ly furnished; .reasonable. - _j_
FOURTH 2224 (Palm House;— First-class sun-
ny bay-window • rooms; also single, $1 25 up.
GEARY, 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites, $2 per week up; very desirable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms;' travelers accommodated.. MRS. HYER.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
• Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room ; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosevenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; tree baths.
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights. .
HOWARD, 1130'4- Furnished -suite; sunny; bay
window; other. roorfitC light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1134— Front room, single; upper flat;
lady or gentleman; nice accommodations.
HOWARD. . 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water; reasonable; permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. 1153—2 bay-window front sunny
rooms; nicely' furnished: reasonable. . *
MARKET. 1035. and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; fine sHnny suites and single rooms. ■
MASON, llll— Large i nicely furnished .rooms;
gas. •'■■•■' ■•**.* * ■ •
MINNA. 667, cor.Elghth — Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 844— Large front sunny room; Just
vacated; very desirable. ■ -. -1 / •*
"NEWPORT."' 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large '
bay-win. rms. and- single,. $5 up; also hskpg. -
O'FARRELL. 20— Su*nny ' furnished rooms and ;
offlces; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POWELL. 612 A— Nicely furnished rooms to
let reasonable; newly furnished.
RINCON place, . 2*. , off Harrison, bet. First and
Second— View of hay; 1 large- sunny room;
privilege to cook In the kitchen; lady or man
and wire; no children. - *.:*, ..■...,■
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room • 'and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night. '3sc to $1 50; ,
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
offlce floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SHERMAN. Apartment House... -Eighth at.,
near Market— burnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH 33, nr. Market, Hillsdale. House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms elevator; transient. ...
STOCKTON, 603— Nicely furnished sunny rms.;
single or en suite; near Powell and California
st. cars.. ... .■ .* ■ . . ; . . .' >
TAYLOR, 608— large • front sunny room; •
gentleman or man and wife; reasonable. -?'~-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1899.
ROOMS TO — Fnrn, and Unfnrn.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver. SB". Folsom, cor. 6th— Sunny corner
' rms., suites and single; gas; bath: new mngt.
■ ROOMS WANTED. .
WANTED— -Three housekeeping rooms, unfur-
nished: no children; must be central. Ad-
dress J., box 10. ''all office, 615 Larkin st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given to the stockholders
of The Bank of California that the Transfer
Books will be closed from SATURDAY, Au-
gust 26, to FRIDAY, September 1, 1599. both j
dates Inclusive, on account of the special
■ meeting of the stockholders to be held on the
last named date. By order of the Board ot
Directors. "ALLEN M. CLAY, Secretary.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
- city or j country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.". 413 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel.' 6820.
ROOMS papered from $3; ' whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office; 401 Post, cor.- Powell; tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
, , j. : t _;
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7. 8 and 9 rooms and bath each; flrstclass
neighborhood; near school and stations: street
work all complete; from $3000 to $4000; only
$600 cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
in all parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot 50x150; $200 cash and $20 per month;
fine, nearly new cottage; In a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
$2500— Lot 35x115. with elegant residence of 8
rooms; in flne condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3500; any tertps; same as rent.
$2600— Lot 40x207:6: flne, new, modern 6-room
cottage; near High School and station; $500 cash
and $25 per month. .
$1000— Lot 25xl2fr; -'cottage of 5 rooms: street
work complete; near station: easy terms.
$1600— Lot .33:4x108; with a fine modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street
work all done; near station and school; $100
cash, balance $20 per month. ■ •
$2850— $500 cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms !
and bath: between broad and narrow gauge on J
Morton st.
$3250 -$5OO cash, $25 per month: less than
rent; lot 40x150: elegant new 2-story, 8 rooms .
and bath, on Morton St.. near Morton-st. sta- ■
tion:* best bargain ln Alameda; elegant real- '
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL it CO..
' 1432 Park st., Alameda.
ABOUT finished.- modern. 8-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage 6 rooms;
' lots 60x130: easy terms. . Apply HIS Mozart
St.. Mastlck station.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 "th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
H iTlegass~tract!
WITHIN 5 MINUTES, FROM UNIVERSITY.
5 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
4-BOOM cottage for rent; $10: the new and
complete furniture of which for sale, $75.' Ap- ■
ply. A. M. EWING, 2137 Dwight Way. Berke-
ley. ' * •
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL - jTATE.
■ FRUITVALE REAL — jTATE.
LARGE ' level' lots, $400; only $25 down: street
work done: sewers, water, gas, flne school .
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line: half-hourly trains 'to city; 5c
fare; glorious climate: build a home to suit
yourself: easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale sta.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. I
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3750— REDUCED from $7000 to assure a quick
sale: neighborhood Franklin, near Wth, st. ; ;
Gothic Colonial style; new and all up-to-date
conveniences: electrical appliances, plate- '
_lass; 9 rooms, etc.: an elegant bargain; see- j
. ing Is believing: call early. J. S» MYERS, 1001
Broadway. Oakland.
PIEDMONT Park— 3ln plat G; whole or |
in subdivision. Apply A. J. X., 2324 Clay st., j
San Franoisco.
$20 , CASH. $5 monthly till .paid for— A nice \
plain home for a bachelor, lot 43x250 feet,
price $250 all told; a hard-to-beat bargain; 250
feet new fencing, large grove of trees, cli-
mate, soil and view the best, no fogs nor
raw winds here; near a 90- foot boulevard and
electric car lines; fine 3-story schoolhouse
close by; 62 families located within 2 years;
building up rapidly. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 1 Seventh st., near Broadway, Oak-
land. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
124x130 FEET, with neat cottage; right in town;
choice locality; reduced from $3500 to $2000 for
quick Bale. E. E. BUNCE, 9OB Bdwy, Oakland.
$10.000— OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
ELEGANT front bay-window suite, suitable for
doctor; large lawn, 715 Eighth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELDERLY gentleman, lady or invalid, to room
and board; Beulah Park; every comfort; 2 in
family; perfect climate; no fogs. E. E.
BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland. "'*" ;
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the *
furniture dealer. Hth and Franklin, Oakland. I
i !___ - ! .'.. .1 ii I ".' '. .1
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND " NOTlCE— Dividend No. M ' (fifty
cents per share) of ! the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the offlce of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Fri-
day. September 1, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, August 28, 1899, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. .
PROPOSALS.
~_ " '•■- 1^!l-?^??AP-sA . , , _ : "
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Augustl 29, 188»-Seal-
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. August 29. 1899— Seal-
ed proposals, in triplicate, ' will be received j
here until 12 o'clock m.; September 28. 1899,
and then opened, for furnishing coal for Pre- I
sidio of San Francisco, Cal.. during fiscal .
year ending June 30. 1900." Government I re-
serves right to reject or accept any and all
bids, or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions '
of .quality and price (including, in the price j
of foreign productions the duty thereon) being ''
equal, and such preference . given to articles :
of American' production: produced on Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption required by ;
the public service there. Information fur- ;
nished on application to undersigned. En- j
velopes containing - proposals should be In- j
dorsed, "Proposals for coal." and addressed
to J. M. Marshall, Deputy Quartermaster i
General, U. S. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
MABBIAQE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Stephen Bausch,, and Christina Huck 33-22 i
Charles A. Hell wig and Pearl O. Price 27-25 I
Joseph I. Lertgley and Jessie Price .22-22 '
J. H Mullender and Virginia R. Dohle 30-22 i
Samuel R. Eastwood and Margaret 015en.*. 46-24
Harry E. Kerlin and Elizabeth Potter 44-45
Alonzo G. Butler and Hattie Clarke 26-28 '
John Buckley and Ellen C. C01eman....... .34-18 j
BIRTHS— DEATHS, "
Birth, marriage' and death notices sent by !
mail will not' be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- i
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ABRAMS— In Baden,' Cal.. August 28, 1889, to !
the .wife of Isaac Abrams, a son. ,
ANTHONY— In Ingleside. August 28, 189*, to
the wife of James Anthony, a son.
BRAY— In Fruitvale, August 27. 1599, to the j
wife of Howard W. Bray, a daughter.
BUSSENIUS"— In this city. August 2S, 1899, to
the wife of E. J. Bussenlus. a son.
DUCKEL— In this city. August 25. 1899, .to the
wife of John Duckel, a son.' •';>*, ;\ .; *
FELDBUSCH— In this city, August 22, 1599, to
the wife of C. H. Feldbusch, a son.
FRANQUELLN— In this city, August 27, 1899.
• to the wife of E. A. Franquelln, a daugh-
ter. y ' ' ,-■*.-
McSOVERN— In this city, August 6, 1899, to
the wife of James R. McSovern. a son.
STORM— this city. August 23. 1899, to the
wife of James Storm Jr.. a son. . • *■_ •
~~ MARRIED.
BELLMER— BAHR— In this city, August 26,
189*9, 'by* the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, John H.
Bellmer and Alvlna Bahr. • ...
BERGLAND-SEIBERT— In this city, August
27, l<;nj, by the Rev. Paul Branke. William E.
Bet-gland and Emilie C. Setbert, .both of San
Francisco.
LAUBEN— AHRENS— In- this city, August 24.
]s«»9. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Hans C.
Lausen and Lena Ahrens.
MINER— WHITE— In this city, August 25, 1899,
by the Rev. William Rader. Clark Miner and
Margaret White, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Alien, Norman E. Johnson. Charles W.
Baker, Lena Katz. Fred A.
Bass, Henry J- Leary, John C.
Brown, James B Matter. Jacob
Catron, Mrs. Helen Mergenthal. Henry '
Donovan, ex-Senator Myers, ■ Fannie G.
M. J. Pentony, Ellen
Dreuslke. Delia M. Scanlan, Eugene
Elliott, Edward G. Schonfeld, August
Enrlght. Patrick Smith, Florence M.
Gazell. John Spillane. Mary C.
, Godchaux, Lucien Sullivan, Patrick
Haliett, Oliver G. Thomson, William J.
Hatch, Marj' Valsanglacomo, Louie
Jenkins. Adaline M.
ALLEN— In this city, August 27. 1899, Norman
E., youngest son of Anthony and Mamie
Allen, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 8 days. ' V^
BAKER— In the City and County Hospital.
' August 27, 1899, Lena Baker, a native of Kan-
Fas, aged' 19 years.
BASS-In this city, August 28, 1899, Henry J.,
husband of Emma M. Bass, and . son-
in-law of L. E. Clawson, aged 23 years 8
* months and 2 days. (London, England, pa-
pers please copy.)
m?The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock., from 129 Oak
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by
. carriage.
BROWN— In this city. August 26. 1899. James
B. Brown, beloved father of Lizzie Brown and
brother of William. F., Patrick H. and Jo-
seph V. Brown, a native of San Francisco,
aged 45 years 9 months and 1 day.
tTFriencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, W. F. Brown, 18 Laurel place,
between Folsom and Harrison, streets. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. -.' X--'.
CATRON— In Oakland. August 28, .1899. Mrs.
Helen Catron, daughter of Mrs. M. McKin-
ney, a native of Kansas, aged 29 years 7
months and 23 day&.
DONOVAN— his ranch at Hanford, Au-
gust 27.' 1899. ex-Senator M. J. Donovan, be-
loved husband of Lizzie M. Donovan, and '
father of Geraldine, Vincent, Dora, Bessie,
Augustus and . Monica Donovan, aged 53
years and 5 months.
* m"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), from St. Catherinel* Church.
Hanford, where a solemn requiem mass will
be offered for the repose of his soul. - Inter-
ment at Hanford. -
DREUSIKE-In this city. August 28, 1899, Delia
May, beloved wife of Otto B. Dreuslke. and
mother of Eddie, Willie and Frank Dreuslke,
a native of Olympia, Wash., aged 26 years
and 4 months.
ELLIOTT— In this city, August 27, 1899. Ed-
ward G., beloved brother of Jasper and Rob-
crt Elliott and a member of Court Justice,
No. 16, F. of A., a native of West New
Annan, Nova Scotia, aged 44 years. .">
ICJ' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1655V4 Mission street, between Twelfth
and Thirteenth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
Fourteenth and Mission streets, at 2 o'clock.
COURT Justice, No. 16, F. of A.— The officers
and members of Court Justice No. 16, F. of
A., are hereby notified to assemble at 1656%
Mission street, this day (Tuesday), at 1:15
o'clock, for the purpose of conducting th-
funeral of our late brother. Edward G. El-
liott. By order of * ' *
CHARLES WEHR JR.. Chief Ranger.
A. F. BRINKMAN, Financial Secretary.
ENRIGHT— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated at St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10;
o'clock, for the repose of the soul of the late
Patrick EnrlKht. clearly beloved brother of
E. P. Enrlght, 1131 Howard street. Friends
are Invited to attend.
GAZELL— In this city, August 27. 1899, John j
Gazell, a native of Germany, aged 79 years.
OODCHAUX— In this city. Aueust 27, 1899,'
Luclen, beloved son of Adolph and Sophie
Godchaux and brother of Mrs. Sylvain Salo-
mon and Helen. Rebecca, Josephine, Edmund
and Mrytle Godchaux, a native of San Fran-
cisco, at-. .1 39 years and 10 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence, southeast corner of Broadway and
Buchanan street.- Interment Home of PeSae
Cemetery by 11:30. o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
HALLETT-In this city. August 28. 1899. Oliver
Gray, husband of Mary Elizabeth Haliett,
and father of Mary P. Haliett, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 62 years.
HATCH— In this city. August 28. 1899, Mary
Hatch, a native of Scotland, aged 71 years.
JENKINS— In Alameda, August 28. 1889, Ada-
line M. Jenkins, daughter of the late Colonel
George S. and Laura I). Mann, and mother
of Samuel H. Jenkins, a native of Vermont.
(TT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, SIS Santa Clara avenue, Alameda. i
Interment private, in Laurel Hill Cemetery,
San Francisco.
JOHNSON-In this city, August 27, 1899,
Charles. William Johnson, a native of Mm
neapolis, Minn., aged 27 years 10 months and
9 days.
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvited to attend the funeral this day
(TuesSay), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter ft White, 122 Eddy street. |
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ;" . ' * .-.•>'•
KATZr-In this city, August 2,8. 1599, Fred A., j
beloved husband of Jennie Katz. father of
Fred, Phllby, Flossie and Lillie Katz. son of
Mrs. Louisa and the late Frederick Katz,
and brother of George, ■• Louis, Gus and Fid-
dle Katz, Mrs. E. C. Kalben and the late
Mrs. Louise Sandow, a native of San Fran- j
cisco, aged 40 years 2 months and 21 dajT>.
It?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1024 Union street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LEARY— In this city. August 26, 1899, John C,
beloved husband of Johanna C. Leary, and be-
loved father of Annie, Cornelius and Mary
Leary. a native of Ireland, aged 54 years.
CT Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
c Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 740 Florida street, thence to St.. Charles
Church, where a' solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for, the repose of his soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATTER— In this city, August 26, 1889, Jacob.
beloved husband of Elizabeth Matter, and
father of Robert, Nicholas, Herman and Liz-
zie Matter, a native of Switzerland, aged 's 6
years. '. .
EjTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock,, from his late resi-
dence, 333 - Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery- s
MERGENTHAL-In this city, August 28. 1899,
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Franclsca
Mergenthal. beloved stepfather of Mrs. Herr-
man and August Wrede, and brother of Mrs.
Josephine Burkhard of Germany, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 60 years 2 months
and 5 days. A member of St. Paulus German
Roman Catholic Society.
* Friends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1233 Pacific street, between Jones
and Leavenworth, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MYERS -In this city, August 26, 1899, Fannie
G. Myers, a native of Washington, D. C,
aged 41 years. (Washington, D. C., and
Philadelphia, Pa., papers please copy.) .
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
.(Tuesdav), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin ft Co.. 118 Geary street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PENTONY— In this city. August 27. 1899, Ellen,
beloved wife of John Pentony, and mother of
Christopher, William and the late Gertrude :
and Helen Pentony, a native of Ireland, aged ;
56 years.
(CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of I
James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mission street, j
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for services.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCANLAN— In Oakland. August 28, 1599. Eu-
gene Scanlan, beloved son of Mrs. I. M. ■
Scanlan. father of Roy Scanlan, and brother j
of D.C, M. J.. J. P.. H. P., J. D. and The- |
resa A. Scanlan, Mrs. H. A. O'Neill, Mrs. N.
A. Ball and Mrs. E. C. Edes, a native of Nc?^v !
Orleans, aged 47 years 2 months and 13 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCHONFELD— In this City, August 26, 1899.
August, beloved husband of Maria Schonfeld, .
father of David and Elsa Schonfeld. brother i
of Mrs. A. D. Trost and David and Louis
Schonfeld, and son-in-law of Adam Wagner,
a native of Frankenberg, Hesse-Cassel, Ger-
many, aged 37 years 10 months and 3 days.
(New York papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn 4 Hall, 323 Turk street, where funeral
services will be held under the ausnices of
the San Francisco Turn Verein. Remains at
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
' ■ SB ■— *^! '
HhNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher), '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
y;.-y-! : .-.- Telephone South 80. -;-:* -.v
, ■ ■. 7 y i
SMITH-Tn this «**, *MpHb fef£"_ .rior:
ence May, beloved and only daughter cf
..William B. and Charlotte Smith, and sister
of Charles J. and Walter V.- Smith, a native
of . San Francisco, aged 19 'years *. and j6 i
months. •.-, -.*. ;
- Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 232 Haight . street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a .requiem* high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 ' o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SPILLANE— In this city, August 28, 1899. Mary
C. S-.illane. a native of San- Francisco.
SULLIVAN— In this city, August 28. 1899, Pat-
rick Sullivan,, a native of Ireland, aged 76
years. * *".-,■*.
THOMSON — In this city, August 26, 1899,
William J., . beloved husband of.. Annie
Thomson, a native of Nova Scotia, aged- 60
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith
Hall, 131 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M. Inter-
' ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Members of
Aurora Lodge, K. and L. of H. ; Ivy Chap-
ter, Eastern Star, and Myrtle Council, A.
L. of H., are Invited to attend.
GRAND Lodge, Knights of Honor— The officers.
Past Grand Dictators and members of the
Grand Lodge, K. of H., are requested to
meet this day (Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock
sharp, in the Grand Lodge offlce, room 47,
St. Ann's building, Powell and* Eddy streets,
to attend', the funeral of our late brother.
William J. Thomson, Past Grand Dictator
and ex-Vice Grand Dictator. ">•
PRESCOTT L. ARCHIBALD. G. D.
THOMAS JOHNSTONE, G. R.
VALSANGIACOMO^-In this city, at the resi-
dence of the parents, 126 Fair Oaks street.
August 1899, Louie, dearly beloved son of
Louie and Mary Valsanglacomo, and brother
of Willie, Arnold and May Angelina Valsan-
glacoma, aged 9 months and 18 days. I
Notice of funeral hereafter.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Monday, August 28.
Stmr Westport. Peterson, ■; — .
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanaimo.
DOMESTIC PORT. ■ ; .'
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug Stmr Cottage
City, for Dyea.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt to Oxen O. Heyden
feldt, lot on N line of Jackson atreet, 60 W of
Drumm, W 40 by N 120; also lot on SE corner
of Howard and Eighth streets, NE 137:6 by SE
137:6: also lot on SE corner of North Point and
Stockton streets, S- 137:6 by E 275; also lot on
N line of Post street, 110 W of Larkin, W 67:6
by N 100 (parties agree to terminate ' trust
created by deed dated August 15, 1899, and re
corded August 17. 1839, in 15.13 d 105) : .
P. J. Silk to Ellen Silk, lots 2264 and 2265,
gift map -, gift.
Augustus Mann to James McEldowney, lot
on 8 line of Trinidad street (Seventh). 150 W
of Allegany (A). W 25 by S 100, block 151, South
San Francisco Homestead; J75.
Alameda County. *
Central I.and Company (a corporation) to
Samuel J. Silva, lot on W line of West street,
3.5 S of Thirty-sixth, S 35 by W 116:3, being
portion of • lot 16 and portion of lot 17. block
M, map of property of Central Land Company,
Oakland: JIO.
Same to Alexander B. Woods, lot on SW cor
ner of Thirty-sixth and West streets, S 35 by
W 116:3. being the N 35 feet of lot 16. block
M, same; JIO.
William and Maggie Hobble to Peter W. A.
Anderson, lot on NE line of Perry street at the
point of intersection with line dividing lots
3 and 4, block .T, Revised Map of Oakland
Heights, thence NE 217.90. NW 30, SW 220.85.
SE 50.055 to beginning, being the SE portion
of lot 3, block T, Revised Map of Oakland
Heights, Oakland; JlO. :
Builders' Contracts.
Herbst Estate Company (owner) with Petter
son & Plerson (contractors, with Ralston Iron
Works sub-contractor*!, architect E. J. Vogd—
Cast and wrought Iron and steel work for
building on lot commencing at a point 42:6
from XW cortjer of Mason and Turk streets, N
20 by W 75; $1531.
A. S. Damon (owner) with A. L. Whitney
(contractor), architect William H. Wharff—
alterations and additions except furnishing
lumber to make a two-story frame building on
P line of Broadway, 30 E of Laguna street. E
SO by S 112:6; $3050, ....
John D. Spreckels (owner) with Duffey
Bros, (contractors), architects Reid Bros. —
Plumbing and gas fitting for residence on NE
corner of Paciflc avenue and Laguna street;
$7065. .."
Robert Hampton (owner) with W. L. Holmes
(contractor), architect Charles J. I. Devlin—
All work for one 'electric passenger elevator for
a five-story' frame building with brick base
ment on NW corner of O'Farrell and Mason
streets, N 30 by W 80; JI'JOO.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. O. Scott has come up from Agnews
and is registered at the California,
Lieutenant Coontz of the cruiser Boston
Is at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife.
F. P. Wickersham. the Fresno capital-
ist, is among the arrivals of yesterday at
the Lick. ,
A. Wcilheimer, a prominent citizen and
leading merchant of Fresno, is a guest at
the Grand. ZX y
John F. Cat-rare has come down from
his home In Sacramento and is staying at
the Palace, '.yiZX /-i
J. Marion Brooks, one of the best known
of the lawyers of Los Angeles, is a guest
at the Grand.
Garrison Turner, a wealthy land owner
of Modesto, is at the Lick. Miss Turner
accompanies her father.
J. W. Taggart, an attorney of Santa
Barbara, is a guest at the Grand, where
he arrived yesterday morning. .
John C. Knopp, one of the recently ar-
rived Idaho delegation, is at the Occi-
dental, waiting for the arrival of the
Grant. ' . PS.iiZZrix'Z.X 'xP. '■''^'iv.
E. W. Johnson, "who has come from
Idaho to bid the boys of his State wel-
come when they return, is staying at the
Palace.
Edgar P. Pray and A. E. Peake, two
belated members of the -North Dakota
delegation, arrived in the city yesterday
and registered at the Palace.
W. H. Haw. County Clerk and ex-officio
clerk of the Superior Court and Board of
Supervisors of Humboldt County, Is in
town. Mr. Haw is a bright young Re-
publican politician. .'•''. P-
Eugene F. Burt and Andrew J. Clunie
returned on Sunday from the six weeks'
trip they have been making throughout
the East. 'They thoroughly enjoyed their
journey and have been much rested by
the vacation. • *
Jacob Goldberg has returned from
Europe to New York and ls stopping at
the Hotel Savoy. Mrs. Goldberg and her
son, Sol Goldberg, start Tuesday evening
for New York, where they will spend a
couple of months. '
J. C. Franks, formerly United States
Marshal, is at the Waldeck Sanitarium
recovering from a severe surgical opera-
tion for the removal of a calcareous
growth from his right knee joint. He will
be out in a few days. p. P
Mrs. Josephine M. Garonne is now on
her way to Paris to visit her sister, Mrs.
Victor Masson. Mrs. Garonne is accom-
panied by her niece, Miss Ruth Forbes,
who goes to receive her education In one
of the seminaries of Europe.
Frank A. Coffin of Boise, Idaho, Is a
guest at the Occidental. He has come to
the city for the purpose of meeting the
Grant and being one of the first to greet
the volunteers of his State who are re-
turning -on her. :-*'*y
Lieutenant Governor Joseph Hutchinson
of Idaho is at the Grand, accompanied by
his wife and daughter.. He comes to join
the Governor of Idaho and the j rest of
the representative citizens of that State
who are here waiting to welcome their
returning volunteers. ;V -;  C-V.
A very pretty little compliment was
paid to the California boys the other
night through Lieutenant Curzons . of
Company L. While the troops were seat
ed at the supper in the nave of the ferry
building a messenger brought in a box
to the lieutenant, who, opening It, drew
forth a floral wreath. It had followed
the regiment.all the way from Honolulu
and was sent by Mrs.. John Ena with an
"Aloha nui" to. the officer, in the hope
that while he was enjoying the hospital
ity of his native city' he would not forget
the people who had entertained his regi
ment in the Paradise of the Paciflc.
* *• •
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— Mr. and Mrs. W.
S. Goodfellow of San Francisco are at the
Fifth Avenue. E. W. Purser of San Fran
cisco is at the Holland. D. Cameron of
Sap Francisco is at the Hoffman. , Mrs.
S. G. Whitcomb of San Francisco and J.
Irving Crowell and wife of Los Angeles
are at the Imperial. H: Imhof and wife
of San Francisco are at the Martin. Mr.
and Mrs. Fred Wilcox of San Francisco |
are at the Majestic. Julius Mibe Is at the I
Westminster. .pV».:
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— 8. J. Jaynes
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Arlington. W. A. Ferguson and wife of
Los Angeles are at the Metropolitan.
MINDLER'S BAD BREAK.
Judge Mogan Allowed Him to Go on
Probation, but Y*ssterday He
Was Drunk in Court.
A. W. Mind ler was arrested several
days ago for. malicious mischief and dis
turbing the peace. He went into Mrs.
E. Hart's "restaurant at 513 V& Jones street
and destroyed nearly all the , crockery.
When he appeared before Judge Mogan
he pleaded that he was drunk and was
sorry for what he had done and prom- I
ised to defray the cost of replacing the j
crockery. The -Judge allowed him to go
on probation and continued the case till i
yesterday.- - • - ,
Mindler appeared in court yesterday.
but he was very drunk and Officer Cough-. ;
lin had to hold him up while the Judge
lectured him. He denied that he was
drunk, which incensed the Judge,- who
curtly asked: "Do you want your sen
tence now?" Mindler tried to straighten
himself up, and in a husky voice said: |
"Do as you please, Judge; it's up to you." :
The Judge ordered him taken to prison !
and a charge of drunk booked against j
him. and when he appears this morning
be will get the full limit on both charges, i
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
-
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
■ *
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO.
LP HPfiFV Manufacturer of Beit in cand
I. UCULi>, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St, cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. .
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, above Powell.
PERIODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.. I
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPBRSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH, M*rr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumblne. Steamboat '
end Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 ;
Washington St. Telephone Main 5641. '
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- boyes £ CO., Ig^ra-i^4
3 .■"*.'•'■■ IRON FOUNDERS. .
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505,
PAPER DEALERS.
WH I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co„
YfILLHmLI Ifc 722 Montgomery Stras- j
PRINTIN3.
t- C- ll il t *s>i su Sansome' St.
THE HICKS- JUDD CD-, *£££&*&% :
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic p ARTRIDGE^rn^I i
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the . Best Coal In the Market.
Oflice and Yards lso Main street.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
Down East J
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL.
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
mmJSOmmm.
— TO—
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Throngh Sleepers to Washington* ;
reaching ail the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
.1
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE, !
a G. p. a, a a. P. A, . .
Bt. Loaf* Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
j Cincinnati. O.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago. '
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE '
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE i
MARKET-STREET FERRT AT 6:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR.
FRED HARVEY, ' AND ARE PERFECT IN j
EVERT DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND " REASONABLE :
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANT IN- j
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623 j
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN ISSU.X-i
OAKLAND OFFICE, HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J Street. '
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY, j
Leave* San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry. i
Commencing SUNDAT, April 23, 1859.
WEEK DATS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 8:13 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ing, arriving in San Francisco at .11:20
p. m.
BUNDATB, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30 i
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
; THOS COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market et.
! BAIEBOAD TRAVEL;
SOUTHER* I»A_IFIC COMPART.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains l«»»«> antl are Une to arrive r»
*ajv rKA»*nsc«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
) -. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
WATS — gBOIf AUOPST 2, 1899. •■— ARRIVE
7iooa Benicia, Suisun and Saoramento. . . . o«*lsp
TtOOA MarygTille, OroriUe and Bedding ?la ....
Woodland , 2»j»*
7io«a Elmlra, Vacarille and IttM . .... »:»OP
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa, '
CaliatoKa and Santa R0ea.......... J,«JP
Stfl*A Atlantic Express. Ogden and East.. »'*•»*
StaoA San .lose. Livermore, Stockton, ,
. lone, ... Sacramento, Placerrille,
■ MarygTille, Chico, Red Bluff I'll*
8:30 a •Milton, Oakd&lo and eonora -ilar
8:30 a Yosemite Valley t1» Oakdale and
Chinese.; .?'!?*
•iOOa Har«nirda_NllM and Way Stations. 1 1 «-»3a
•:OOa Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton, •*_
. Meroed and Fresno 12:13*
•ittOA Fresno, UakersGeld. Santa Iturliara,
Lea Angeles, Doming, El Paso,. '-■ •-,
, ■ '- Now Orleans and East SflSr
l«:O0 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43?
1 1 :OOa Havvards, Niles and Way Stations. 8: 13p
12:OOm Niles, Liferraore, Stockton, Sacra- v";*. '
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vis-'.ia, *;
PcrterTille < 4:l»p
■ItOOp Sacramento Itiver Steamers *8:00p
. StOOp Haywards, Nik* and Way Stations. 5:45.
. «i*ei«r Martinez, Han JUmou, Vallejo,
' Napa, Oall»»oga, Santa Kosa BilBa
4>ettr Benicia, Vacaviile, Sacramento, •';-,,
■-Pi Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysvUle, OroTille 10:*»a
4>S9p Niles, Ban Joseand Stockton 7:10r
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12*19?
B:*0P The Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
t ' field, Saugus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. 9:13*
fl:80p Stockton. Merced, Fresno 18:15p
8:3 or Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
I Mojare and l.os Angeles 8:13 a
oiBBp Santa Fe Route, Atlantio Express
for Mojave and East 8:43
0:00 r Chlcago-Sau Francisco Special, Ogden
* and East 8:S0v
8:00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a
•StOOp Vallejo ...: 18:18?
t~:0«p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta.
tions,... 18:55*
0:99* Oregon Express, Sacruffiento, Marys-
»:*',*.;.. , . Tills, Bedding, Portland, Puget
Hound and East 8:1BA
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (lange).
. . ■ (Foot ol Market Street.)
TBUSa Santa Cruz Ex<cunion (or Banta - . *
gTs-Ma Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cnu and Principal Way Station* JB:o3p
Bil3a Newark, San Jose,
BoulderCreek.SautaOuzand Way *
_. - Stations BisBv
B*tlsp Newark, Cent^rriilQ, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
' '.'■•' Santa Crux and Principal Way *
Stations *19:8tA
4ilBr San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tion*. 8:30*
M*tBp Felton, Santa Cnu and Way Sta-
: i tions /9:»0A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fna SIR FRINCISCO— Foot of Uiritt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 0:00 11:00 A.M. tl:fl! *3:09 13:53
- •4:00 10:00 *6:00 p.m.
FrsmOAlUM— Fsst or Broadway.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
112:00 ; *1:00 t3:00 »3:00 I t(:00 'BJQr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gange).
* (Third and Townaend Sts.) ■
•6:1 Oa Ocean View, South Ban Francirco.. *»Bi3©p
•7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays ouly) •• *8:00 a
* 17:30 a Sunday Excursion (or Santa Cnu, •' .
Paciflo Grove and Principal Way
Stations 18:33*
•:88a Ban .lose, Tres Pluos, Santa Cruz, ...
' Pacilio Grove. Paso Rubles. San
Luis * Obispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4»18p
IB:4*A San Jose and Way Stations 6:33 a
I li3Va San Jose and Way Stations liSOp
*9:43p San Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Ssn .lose,
Hollister, Santa Cruz. Salinas, ***
Monterey and I'aciiio Grove •10:30 a
*BiB9p San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations....... *7:30p
*4:15p San Joae aud Principal Way Stations U:l3a
•3:00 p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:33 a
3:30 v San Jose anel Principal Way Stations *0:OOa
•:30p San Jose and Way Stations MM
t11:43r San Jcweand Way Stations ___B
A for Morning. . I* for Afternoon.
* Sunday excepted. } Sunday only. t Saturday only,
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LESSEE
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5*1
and 11:30 p. m. . • . .
SUNDAY.I*— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
i 3:40, 5:15 p. m. , Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. -
i SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
| 6:26 p. m.
I Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
1 same schedule as above.
Leave -"• Arrive
! San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. i April 16, J .
; Week Sun- 1&99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days. .
! 7:30 am, 8:00 aml Novato, 10:49 am 8:40 am
; 3:30 pmj 9:30 am: Petaluma, 6:03 pm. 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa li<jsa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg*,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, T:3spm 6:20 pn»
7:30 am Hopiand and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
7:30 ami ... . 10:15 am
I 8:00 ami Guernerille. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm| • 4:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma .10:40 am 8:40 am
and I ■ • ' '
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 1 10:25 am
1:80 pm 5:00 pm ' 1 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Clovirdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
prlngs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,'
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvtlle.
Boon-evllle, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. Wlllltta. Laytonville, Cum^
rnlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday "round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •' •■yyy.y :
Ticket Offices, 630 Market St., Chronicle bldg,
H. C. WHITING, XP.- R. X. RYAN, !
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Comeneing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, »S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a." m.;
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00. *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— IMW, »9:00. »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a m.; 1:00. •1:45. »2:30, »4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Ran Sundays.
, 6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25, »6:40, 7:55. 8:40, »10:20
a m.: 12:30. 2:15: »3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. .. ~'\
SUNDAYS - 7:00. •8:00. *9:45. »10:45. ni:4s
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20. *3:30. •5:15, '6:00. 7:00, 10:15
p. m. ■* ' ■-*■-,-_. :■-.-r ;v
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 6:50. 7:55, 8:6:-, 10:35
a. m.; 12:35. 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. 'm.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 10:00. 11:10 a., m.; 12:0 a..
1-20 2:40 8:55. 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. m. •
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p.' m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns..
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1399, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen-l Mixed. J Mixed. I Passen-
ger. Sunday! Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally, lExc'ptdl - Exc'ptdl Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 3:45 pmi 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm.
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:40 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 ami 11:00 am
11:69 km 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pmi 6:58 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
San Francisco. ■ .
. __________________________\_____Sti'L _____ p!-- *"»> non-poi«erncTß
. r,i!* *"' » non-poipcncT*
.(_JE_W^^^^)l-m remedy tor Gonorrhoea.
SKE^CUEEiTvjg Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
■__WbT la 1 to s da*™.l®! Whites, unnatural Ii».
BBflSj 6t.znut£oi -f_\ charges, or any inflamma-
PSjf not to itrtotaxe. tion, irritation or ulccrv
fmm^f?T**tgi* contagion, tion cf mucous mom-
THHEvANS CHEViniLOa bran**«- Non-astringent.
WgAciNC'NMTI.O HB Bowfcy»i«niiii,
IMBfJiBk c. 3 ___. jSsor sent in plain wrapper,
-A*s_33Sw ImmrGs-ty express, prepaid, fat
\Wm\\Wktolitv~T\ I 1"00' or 3 O0«l««, «2.7&.
■ Circular Mat oa ratuefcl
1112
At the front.
VOLUNTEERS WILL BE
WELL PROVIDED FOR
Employment Committee Under-
takes Practical Work.
Over Forty Thousand Dollars Will Be
Applied to the Care of Sick and
Needy- Boston Goes to Mare
Island at Once.
NOW that the glamor and the. glare.
the hurrahing and the exuberance
of the welcome to the soldiers have
passed away the members of ' the
committees that represented the people
of the State in the celebration are getting
their heads together and closing up their
accounts. The balances will be struck
to-day at meetings of the executive and
finance committees. It is estimated that
the people have contributed about $65,000
in round figures for the reception and
care of the returned soldiers. The ex
penses of the celebration approximate
$22,000, which will leave a balance exceed-
ing $40,000 to be applied to alleviating the
sufferings of the sick and succoring the
deserving destitute and needy.
With the passing of the committees that
raised the fnuds and arranged the wel
come the work of the committee that has
undertaken the task of securing employr
ment for the volunteeers fairly begins.
The members are working with a will,
appreciating that theirs is the practical
portion of the whole affair.
Rabbi Voorsangor, who is the chairman
of the committee, is devoting much of his
time to the undertaking and is enthusi
astic ln the work. He is on hand at the
headquarters tent every afternoon, plan-
ning the committee's campaign and lend-
ing what aid he possibly can to the sol-
dier applicants for work.
The committee met yesterday afternoon
and had as its guests Mrs. A. S. Towns-
end and Miss Rattlgan. Rabbi Vexjrsan-
ger introduced Mrs. Townsend to the
committeemen as the "soldiers' fairy ;
godmother." Sho believes that the com-.
mittee's work is the most practical of any
that has been undertaken in the Interests
of the soldiers and volunteered her finan
cial assistance if it was needed.
Many encouraging reports were received j
and from indications there will be no
difficulty In securing employment for
every member of the California Regiment '
who wants to work. C. E. Whitney & Co.,
wholesalers, Bent notification that several
of their men left their employ to enter
the service of their country and thai .as
Boon as they are mustered out they could
return to their old positions.
J. D. Smith of Livermore advised the j
committee that his section of the country
-could supply employment for the whole
regiment in the hop fields and the fruit
orchards. The Sanger Lumber Company
offered permanent employment to sixty *
of the California volunteers at $1 75 a.
day, at places where board could be had
for $15 a month. These offers were en- j
thusiastically received by the committee.
Babbi Voorsanger stated thai a great
number of mustered-out men of other i
States were remaining in San Franciso
and would eventually develop Into '.nee of
th.- great problems with which the com
mittee would have to deal. It was the
sentiment that the Californians should
be provided for before anything could be i
done for the strangers.
Colonel Duboce has expressed his strong
approval of the committee's work and has
Assured them of his hearty co-operation. ]
By his Invitation the members will con j
Bult with him next Friday afternoon at !
regimental headquarters at the Presidio
and arrange for getting a statement of
the condition of every man in the regi- !
ment and his desires as to the future.
Many of the soldiers have already reg
lstereo their applications for work at the
headquarters tent, and among these are
several who apply for positions as bank [
clerks, or are willing to accept any situa
tion the duties of which are not more i
arduous, provided the remuneration is
fully as large.
The efforts being exerted for the re
turned volunteers has suggested the ques
Tion. What is to be 'lone for the families
or relatives of those who will never re
turn — have yielded up their lives for
their -country?
The Red Cross expects to hear of many
.cas-es of destitution among those whose
■providers lost their lives in the Philip
pines. Nothing is being done in the way
of locating such cases or offering relief.
The Red Cross is of the impression that
•they are beyond its jurisdiction, but will j
certainly not allow any case of want that i
Js brought to its attention to pass without
receiving the proper attention.
A requisition for $500 will be made on the :
*??ecutlve committee to-day to prosecute
the work of the employment board. The i
latter body has named C. S. Benedict of
I T-1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ah, that sad moment wnen tfiri£9^BDE!s_i
Death's awful pinions hover- W&_\S&XS&E!fij?i
Above the one we hold most |B%^jjB^^7 /£&■!
We know that death £$,4 K^~f //Py
must sooner or later @ft\ S*TiM /*j||l
come to all, but we can _^_Xii^pJ/__S
never surely foretell ||BWi VV/«tJ
never surely foretel | Mn' * 'lV JH«i
when the dread angel SS&w fV^^^flejls
will appear. No matter jsj&JS. ■*tJE»S9
how imminent the sum- MSaSs , fflaSaal
mons may seem, it may j&M3£\ t4^^^
still, in God's provi- sPsj&\\ljr y?
deuce, be far away. It is &*|M&^*^/f/
part of man's hu- /S^SM^Mif "J&*i
manity to man *'f/_^nsnrffl£ff>_Pl ■■£. f
ness and death L'Mpf^'tTSflr/f B ?§«§■§ 'lf'
mortal po we r. ij IJfv(l < 1 1 Iff J I i j»j
years ago, an <™tf*W*_'Er***r
institution was
institution was
founded in Buffalo, N. V., known as the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
which has since become one of the most
famous institutions in the world for its
enormous benefits to the sick and suffering
all over the United States. Thousands
have come there for treatment aud tens of
thousands have received professional ad-
vice by mail with suggestions for inexpen-
sive home-treatment, whereby they have
been cured of severe, and in many in-
stances, apparently hopeless diseases.
A Massachusetts man, Mr. John Brooks, of
Bovlston, Worcester Co., writes : " About a year
ago I was taken with a bad cold which settled
on mv lungs. The doctors said I was in con-
sumption and could not get well. I took Emul-
sion of Cod Liver Oil and it did mc no good.
Atter taking it four months I heard of your
' Golden Medical Discovery,' and wrote to you
for advice. I nave taken your medicine anil it
laved my life. I felt so sick, when I wrote to
you that I thought 1 would not live through the
winter In the morning I raised an awful lot
and would spit all the time and had pains in my
chest. Mv bowels would not move more than
once or twice a week; my strength was nearly
tone; I could not do a whole day's work. Now,
my bowels are regular every day and I feel no
more pain in my chest. I feel a great deal
Itronger. lam working hard every day. driv-
ing a team iv the woods, and I owe my thanks
to Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery.' I
fcnow it saved my life."
The most difficult diseases to cure are
those which are aggravated by constipation.
In such cases Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets
ihould be taken in conjunction with the
"Discovery." They never gripe. Allgood
Icalcrs sell them. pX.-. . ;
Tfews of Our Volunteer Soldiers.
the Hastings Clothing Company as treas
urer.
RAILROAD ESTIMATES
NUMBER OF VISITORS
!. According to the statement of G. F.
' Richardson, master of transportation of
the Southern Pacific, that company alone
; brought in to this city 145.000 people to
' I witness the festivities of last week. Of
this number 93,000 arrived over the broad-
gauge, 40,000 over the narrow-gauge and
the coast division brought no less that 12.
--! 000. This count is based on the actual
number of tickets sold and does not in
-1 elude the thousands who arrived before
; the commencement of the week and those
brought here by other lines, which should
swell the total to something like 250,000.
Every one of these joined the entire pop-
ulation on the streets to witness the night
parade.
Traffic Manager McCormick of the
> Southern Paciflc Company denies the re-
cently published report that his company-
has refused to recognize ' the tickets of
j the Rio Grande 'Western and the Colorado
Midland over its lines. Mr. McCormick
Bays that this city is the only place where
tickets over those two lines are not Issued
and that Is because of an agreement en-
tered into with the traffic men of those
roads, which have not yet completed their
end -if it here. Tickets are Issued at Los
Angeles and are honored wherever they
are presented. Mr. McCormick says the
Los Angeles statement is completely un- j
authorized and that he cannot understand
whence it emanated.
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
RETURN THEIR THANKS
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
has issued the following in acknowledg
ment of courtesies extended in arrang
ing the day celebration:
Referring to the glorious reception to the
California Volunteers, the Board of State Har
; bor Commissi desires to acknowledge the
. receipt of favors and return Its thanks for the
prompt and generous assistance rendered in
carrying out that part of the. demonstrations
delegated to It by the executive committee.
While all have been ready to render cheerful
assistance, we are particularly indebted to
the* following for vessels loaned: City of
Puebla— Secretary of the Navy. General Shatter
and Major Long; Columbia— Secretary of the
Navy. General Shatter and Major Long;
Ukiah, San Francisco and North Pacific Hall-
way Company, by A. W. Foster; Piedmont and
Newark. Southern Paciflc Company, by J. A.
Fillmore; Onward, California Transportation
Company, by Nelson a. Anderson; Sun..!. The
Plper-Aden-Goodall Company; Grace Barton,
Steamer Gold Company; T. C. Walker, Call
j fornia Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany: Captain Weber, Union Transportatloi
I Company.
| For assistance rendered and material loanec
for Inside decorations we are greatly obliged
I to Messrs. Dunham, Carrlgan & Hayden Com-
pany, Thomas Day Company, General Electric
Company, California Electric Company, Mutual
j Electric Company. Washburn-Moen Company
' and Smith's Cash Store.
T.i the committee of Native Daughters whose
nimble fingers so deftly fashioned the artistic
: coloring of our electric lights no words of
praise can be too fulsome.
To Commodore Spreckels, who so successfully
: handled his fleet on the bay, we offer our sin-
cere congratulations.
To our electrician, F. K. Whorf, for the skill,
energy and ability displayed by . himself and
i his faithful subordinates, is due the success
i of our Inside decorations.
We most heartily congratulate all upon the
! unquestioned success of our combined and
united efforts.
BOARD OF STATE HARBOR COMMIS-
SIONERS.
PARIS KILBI'RN. President.
IDAHO'S SENATOR ARRIVES.
George L. Shoup, the State's Senior
Representative, Awaits the Grant.
George L. Shoup, United States Senator
from Idaho, arrived at the Grand last
evening to take his place with the rest of
the Idaho delegation in the welcome they
will extend to their State's volunteers
when the transport Grant pokes her nose
in through the Golden Gate. As the Grant
Is now expected to arrive at almost any
moment he will not have long to wait be
tore he has an opportunity to greet the
fellows who have done so much to entend
the glory of the.State he represents.
When seen last night Senator Shoup
said that as yet no decided preparations
had been made for the reception of the
volunteers In Idaho other than those al
ready published. The people were more
than willing to do anything In their pow
er to honor the lads who had sacrificed
so much to their love of country, but they
preferred waiting until the boys them
selves come' home and have an opportu
nity to say what they want.
As far as the Santor himself is .con
cerned, he says he is willing to stand In
to the extent of his pile, either in money
or influence, in any and all plans that may
be suggested.
e»
NINTH OF SEPTEMBER.
The California Volunteers to Be In-
vited to Go to Santa Cruz on
Admission Day.
At a meeting of the joint 9th of Septem
ber committee of the Native Sons held
last night it was decided to invite the
California volunteers to participate in the
celebration to be held in Santa Cruz on
Admission day.
Grand Marshal Dockery has made the
following arrangements for the night pa
rade In this city on the night of the Sth
of September: The various parlors will
assemble .in front of the Native Sons'
building on that night at points to be
designated hereafter. The procession will
move along Mason street to Market and
down that thoroughfare to the narrow-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1899.
I gauge ferry in time to reach the boat that
I will leave at 8 o'clock.
CALIFORNIA OFFICERS
RECEIVE PROMOTIONS
Promotions came thick and fast among
| the California men yesterday. There
\ were six in the First Regiment and five
' in the artillery, and there are more to
come.
Major Boxton of the first battalion of
the First Regiment was made lieutenant
colonel; First Lieutenant Curzon, regi
mental adjutant, was made a captain;
Second Lieutenant Adler of Company L
was raised to a flrst lieutenant; Regimen
tal Sergeant Major Badt was maoe a sec
ond lieutenant in Company L; Sergeant
Dowdell of Company tl was made sec
ond lieutenant of his company and First
Sergeant Swan of Company D was made
second lieutenant of his company.
In the artillery battalion First Lieu
tenant J. W. F. Diss of Battery D was
made captain of that battery to succeed
Captain Steere; Second Lieutenant George
L. McKeeby was made a flrst lieutenant
ln Diss' place and First Sergeant Frank
Willard was commissioned a second lieu
tenant in McKei by's place; Second Lieu
tenant A. P. Hayne of Battery A was
made a flrst lieutenant in place of J. B.
Morse, who died in Manila, and First Ser
geant D. J. K-eohane was commissioned
second lieutenant in Haynes' place.
All the commissions date back from the
time the vacancies whicj they fill oc
curred. They are issued by the State,
under the order of the President, which
allows the Governors of the various* Slates
to appoint all officers below the grade of
colonel.
The commissions were presented to the
officers yesterday morning in the presence
of the adjutant general and several mem
bers of the Governor's staff.
There Is a well defined rumor among
the men of the regiment to the effect that
September 21 will be the date for muster-
Ing out.. No date has been set. however.
but if the work be properly attended to
somewhere about the -Ist will be the
time. Yesterday afternoon four companies
had so far recovered from the celebra
tion as to make a good start on the work
of the mustering out papers. The others
will start in earnest this morning.
m
RUSHING RECRUITS
TO THE ISLANDS
A New Troop of Cavalry for the Pre-
sidio — The Case of Assistant
Surgeon Isaac P. Ware.
More recruits are being prepared at the
Presidio for transportation to Manila. The
Puebla will sail to-day with 650. The War
ren will leave on September 1 with 1200
and the Columbia will leave about Sep
tember 5 with 800 more. This will practi
cally clean cut the camp of casuals now
at the Presidio, and it will probably In
clude one regiment of the four now on
their way here from the East. The first
of these is expected here in two or three
days, and the others will not be long in
following. It was the intention to keep
them here for a month anyway and drill
them in open order tactics and on the rifle
ranges, but it may be that part of them
will be sent out on one of the three trans
ports.
Dr. John J. Gil h uiey, who has for some
time been connected with the general hos
pital at the Presidio, will go out with the
Warren as surgeon in charge. He has been
looking for some time for a chance to get
to Manila, and he says if he can make the
trade with one of the surgeons down there
he will leave the ship when she arrives
and will remain with the hospital service
of the Eighth Army Corps. .
A retiring board met In the ' headquar
ters yesterday to pass upon the mental
capacity of Assistant Surgeon I. P. Ware.
Captain Ware has been on the sick list
ever since he attended the smallpox pa
tient quarantinued at the Presidio some
months ago, and for a long time he has
been unable to attend to his duties. The
retiring board consists of Major General
W. R. Shatter, president; Colonel J. B.
Babcock, adjutant general; Colonel Mor
decal, ordnance department; Colonel For
wood, chief surgeon, and Major Raymond,
Surgeon. • The name of Colonel Parker of
the Twenty-second Infantry was also be
fore the board/ . .
Troop X of the Sixth Cavalry has been
ordered to the Presidio from Fort Riley,
Kansas. It will take the place of Troop
F. Part of Troop F has been on patrol
duty at Yosemite National Park for a
month past, and yesterday the remainder
of the troop left for the same place.
The men of the Colorado regiment
turned over their arms to the post ord
nance officer yesterday. There now re
mains for the regiment but to await the
action of the mustering out officers upon
the regiment's papers, and then for the
men to settle their accounts and leave f6r
home. A special train will take them back
to Denver. I -#
In a circular from headquarters atten
tion is called to the fact that the names
of all legally qualified enlisted men who
desire to appear before a board of officers
for examination for appointment as sec
ond lieutenants in the army, must be at
once reported to headquarters. The ex
aminations are held in the fall of every
year.
Captain William Dasslter, Sixteenth In-
Captain William Dasslter, Sixteenth In
fantry, has been assigned to temporary
duty with Colonel Jocelyn, the mustering
out officer. . **
Acting Assistant Surgeon R. M. Bonar
has been assigned to duty at the general
hospital at the Presidio. A similar order
Is out for acting Assistant Surgeon W. R.
Van Tuyl.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Charles A.
McQuesten has been ordered to turn in al.
hospital property for which he is responsi
ble and report to the chief surgeon for th«
annulment of his contract.
BOSTON ORDERED
TO MARE ISLAND
From the present outlook the proposed
reception to the officers and, crew of the
Boston will not take place. It was ar
ranged for Wednesday night of this week,
when ■ Market , street would again .be il
luminated, this time in honor of the men
who fought with Dewey in the memor
able Mayday engagement.
It is now officially announced that the
Boston is ordered to proceed to Mare Isl
and this morning. The executive' com
mittee, of which Mayor Phelan is the
head, has been preparing for a royal re
ception, but unless present orders are
countermanded there will be no theater
party for the officers and jackies of the
Boston. Mayor Phelan has telegraphed
Rear Admiral Kautz at Mare Island ask
ing him as a special favor to allow the
Boston to remain in port until after
Wednesday night.
A telegram was received from Washing
ton last night which contained the infor
mation that Rear Admiral Kautz was or
dered to place the Boston out of com
mission and that repairs be made at once
Mare Island. The Mayor stated last
night that, Boston or no Boston, the pro
posed Illumination on Wednesday night
would take place, according to the pres
ent plans of the committee. Some of the
Boston boys might even be brought down
in a launch from Mare Island.
Complete files of The Call contain
ing accounts of the ■welcome home to
our heroes can be obtained at Call
Business Ofiice. Send a copy to your
Eastern friends.
Destruction of Cervera's Fleet.
Chaplain W. G. Isaacs, who was on the
United States ' battleship Massachusetts
during the battle of Santiago de Cuba,
will lecture next Thursday evening at- 8
o'clock at the Association Auditorium,
Mason and Ellis streets, on "Schley's Fly*
lng Squadron." The lecture will be open
to the public, a small admission fee of 10
cents being charged to cover expenses.
SUISUN GIVES GREETING
TO FATHER McKINNON
Reception Tendered the Chaplain of the
First California by His Former
Parishioners.
REV. FATHER W. D. McKINNON
SUISUN, Aug. 28.— reception ten-
dered to Father W. D. McKinnon,
chaplain of the First California
Regiment, just returned from the
Philippine Islands, was an event ;
long to be remembered by' the residents •
of Suisun and this part of Solano County. |
Although the time for preparation was i
short the ladies of the Red Cross Society, I
aided by the firemen and citizens, worked j
with an energy and zeal that produced
wonderful results, and the chaplain was j
accorded a welcome that was spontaneous j
and enthusiastic. All day long busy hands |
were at work making preparations for the !
reception. Decorations of red, white and
blue flags, streamers, vari-colored lan
terns, etc., were placed in positions, many !
of the business houses being decorated in i
an' elaborate manner.
A handsome arch was ' erected in the j
plaza, which was a mass of star-spangled
banners, surmounted by a well-executed I
portrait of Father McKinnon and lighted j
by a large number of electric lights, pre- |
senting a brilliant spectacle. When the j
evening train arrived a vast throng -was
assembled at the depot to welcome the re- ■
turning chaplain, and when he alighted
from the train he was received with huz
zas and cheers of welcome. A procession
was formed, consisting • of some sixty
mounted horsemen, a brass band, car
riages filled with members of the Red
Cross Society, town officers, members of
the press and a long line of firemen and
citizens on foot. . :-v V'_ ::
At J^ome Camps.
RECEPTION TO
PENNSYLVANIANS
Splendid Welcome Given
the Troops.
— —
SPEECH BY THE PRESIDENT
— • —
REFERS TO THE ; WAR IN THE
PHILIPPINES.
♦
Says There Will Be No Further
Says There Will Be No Further
Temporizing, but That the Cam-
paign Will Go On Till
Rebels Surrender.
. — —
•—" —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- PITTSBURG, Aug. -A splendid wel
come was glventhe brave Tenth Pennsyl
vania Volunteers to-day after more than
a year's gallant service in the Philippines.
The only thing lacking to make the day
one of supreme happiness was the ab
sence of the brave and well-beloved
Colonel Hawkins, whose death occurred
on the homeward bound transport. The
crowds that lined, the streets along the
route of the parade, from the parks in
Allegheny to the reviewing stand in
Schenely Park, was almost beyond count
ing. Good judges estimated the number
at not less than 500,000. Besides the fact
that, the soldiers were to be in the parade,
which in itself was a memorable sight, it
was also known that President McKinley,
Mrs. McKinley, Major General Merritt,
Major General Francis V. Greene and
other prominent national and State of
ficers were in the city.
The 'reception of the Philippine heroes
began early in .the morning at New
Brighton,- Pa., where a committee of
prominent citizens welcomed them as soon
as they had crossed the borders of the
State/ After: brief exercises and a hearty
breakfast, tendered by the citizens of
New Brighton, the regiment was rushed
Into Allegheny, .where the parade was
held.
Upon reaching Schenely Park the col
umn was reviewed by President McKinley,
after which he- proceeded tee the music
pavilion, where the exercises were held.
After music by the Economy band, Major
Lee Smith called the meeting to order and
Rev. L. N. Boyle, D. D.. delivered the in
vocation. Governor William A. Stone was
then introduced as chairman of the meet
ing and delivered an address of welcome
in behalf of the State.
President McKinley, being introduced,
said: '
Governor "Stone and Fellow-Citizens: I am
glad to participate with the families, friends
and fellow-citizens of the Tenth Pennsylvania
Volunteers in this glad reunion. You made
secure, and . permanent the victory of Dewey.
You added new glory to American arms. You
and your brave comrades engaged on other
fields of conflict have enlarged the map of the
United States and extended the Jurisdiction of
American liberty.
But while we share in the Joy that is ours.
there remain with us softened and hallowed
memories of those who went forth with you.
After marching through the principal
streets and Illuminating the heavens with
fireworks a halt was made at Native Sons'
Hall. This was quickly filled and the
ovation there tendered Father McKinnon
was full of that patriotism characteristic
of California. An impromptu programme
of music, consisting of national airs, was
rendered, after which an address of wel
come was made by Judge A. J. Buckles,
a veteran of the Civil War. who voiced
the sentiments of tlgse present in his
hearty words of welcome, his remarks be
ing frequently interrupted by the cheers
of the audience.
Father McKinnon then made an address
in reply, giving expression of the cam
paign in the Philippines and eulogizing in
the warmest terms the bravery and gal
lantry of the First California, relating
many incidents of the' heroism displayed
while under fire and while on duty at
Manila. In concluding his remarks he
deprecated the attacks that had been
made upon General Otis and his conduct
of the campaign, and asserted emphatical
ly that history would vindicate every act
of the general. He also gavq it as his
opinion that the warfare in the islands
would soon end, although a guerrilla war
fare might be continued for years.
At the conclusion, the audience arose
and sang "America," and then followed
a general Handshaking and greeting of the
gallant chaplain of the First Californians.
A banquet at the Union Hotel concluded
the reception, which was attended by
about thirty of the leading citizens of the
town and the festivities kept up until a
late hour. ,-'x:X'
Hales.
J% || + ~+
J wj Hi .300 straw sailors
W _LM 1 I 300 straw sailors
I __v_W 1 I and shapes, were
•»-^r" -"• m- 25c to 75c, on
sale at
fashions , 15c-
every department shows new goods —
our buyers were early in the . market,
and our new goods are early in the store.
silks hats
' colored bengaline silks.popular fig-' dainty creations in pattern hats;
ures for fall costumes and separate soft pastel shades, so much the
skirts, in very heavy cords and in rage in New York; soft draped
all the new colors and cream .velvet turbines, large black velvet
$1.-5 a yard hats with nodding plumes; golf
j walking hats, trimmed and ready
fancy cameo taffeta silks in all to wear; finest French felt, large
the new fancy shades, cyclamen, | eagle quills $1.25 to $3
cerise, browns, heliotrope, marine.
19 inches wide... $1.00 a yard WQsh wa|sts
19 inches wide *100 a yard wash waists
fancy corded silks, a fall creation new goods are crowding in and
fancy corded silks, a fall creation new goods are crowding in and
for fancy waists, in turquois, per- crowding out all that is not the
venche, cyrano, new blues and cc- newest.
rise, all with heavy white cord iast of this season's waists that
stripes, 20 inches wide. sl.2s yard sold for $1 50 and $1 75, crowded
* • , out at 50c
new plaid silks, extra heavy quai- 1 ___.„,. _, . . .-. '••••**yi-
if„ 11 inches wide in all the popu-!, noveltj wash waists. Insertion
10V PninHne«f Sl OO a yard front?* fr,nr-v *triP^ and swell ef-
lar colorings *A.vv a >ara fpptf. th.v .^
" black peau de sole, a very popu- crowded out at 75c
* black peau de sole, a very popu- crowded out at 75c
lar silk this season; it is double- M_„r • *_. ■'
faced and heavy enough for a tailor IICW PIDDOnS
costume, 21 inches wide X. new Persian all -silk ribbon, No.
$1..>0 a yard 2, half inch wide lOe a yard
new Persian all-silk ribbon, No.
... - 7,-lVi inches wide 20c a yard
neW VeilingS ; new stock of all silk, satin and
black veilings in tuxedo and Rus-Sros grain ribbons in all colors:
sian nets, plain and chenille dots, no. 2 2V_f no. 12 lOc
and white with chenille dots, 18 no. 5 5c no. Ifi 12V.C
Inches wide, and ought to be 25c a no. 7 iif no. 22 1 ,">c
yard 15c a yard no. 9 8 l-3c no. 40 20c
that closes ffl/ &^£ — ; -^7*^ perfumery
at six W^Govoooo*^ ... [%
every day 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 perfection
Market Street
I not found in your ranks to-day. Your noble
| colonel, devoted to his men, beloved by his
command and respected by his superior
I officers, gave his life to his country with many
i others of his comrades. The nation sorrows
with the bereaved. The heroes died for their
country, and there is no nobler death.
Our troops represented the truth and con-
science, the pure and patriotism of their
country. They voluntarily remained in the
service and declared their purpose to stay
until their places could be filled by new levies.
and longer if the Government needed their
services, and they understood it was not to
I be in camp or garrison, free from danger, but
j on the battle line where exposure an.l death
1 confronted them and where both have ex
; acted their victims.
! The mighty army of volunteers and regulars
i numbering over 250.000 which last year re
! sponded to the call of the Government with
j alacrity without precedent or parallel, by the
j terms of their enlistment were to be mus-
t ered out. with all of the* regulars above
27.000 men, when peace with Spain was ef
j fected. Peace brought us the Philippines by
I treaty cession from Spain. Every step taken
was in obedience to the requirements of the
i legislation. It became our territory and Is
ours as much as the Louisiana purchase or
I Texas or Alaska. A body of insurgents in ho
I sense representing the sentiment of the people
of the islands disputed our lawful authority,
I and even before the ratification of the treaty
i by the American Senate were attacking the
very forces who fought for and secured 'their
freedom. The world will never knew the re-
straint of our soldiers— their self-control under
1 the most exasperating conditions. For weeks
i subjected to the insult and duplicity of the in-
surgent leaders they preserved the status quo.
I remembering that they were under an order
: from their Government to sacredly observe the
terms of the protocol in letter and spirit and
j avoid all conflict except in defense pending the
negotiations of the treaty of peace. They were
not the aggressors. They did not begin hos
t tilities against the insurgents pending the
ratification of the treaty of peace in the
Senate, great 'as was their justification, be-
cause their orders from Washington forbade
it. I take all the responsibility for that direc
tion. General Otis only executed the orders of
his Government, and the soldiers, under great
provocation to strike back, obeyed. Until tl»e
treaty was ratified we had no authority be-
yond Manila city, bay and harbor. Spain had
sued for peace. The truce and treaty were not
concluded. The .first blow was struck by the
insurgents. They assailed our sovereignty and
there will he no useless parley— no pause until
the Insurrection is suppressed an.l the islands
placed under the undisputed sovereignty of the
United States, a government which will do
Justice to all and at once encourage the best
efforts and aspirations of these distant people
and the highest development of the rich and
fertile lands.
Congressman John Dalzell followed in
an eloquent address, and on behalf of the
citizens of Western Pennsylvania present-
ed each of the commissioned officers a
sword, the chaplain a loving cup and
every man in the regiment a beautiful
I medal. __
WORKMEN UNEARTH
SOME SPANISH RELICS
FIND BONES, SPUR AND SWORD
ON SAN MATEO ROAD.
They Are Supposed to Have Belonged
to a Cavalier Who Long Ago
Met an Untimely Death.
The workmen who are grading for the
San Francisco and San Mateo road
yesterday unearthed a skull, several hu
man bones and some articles supposed to
be Spanish relics. The 'discovery was
made while digging out a trench just
south of Ocean View road and about three
hundred feet north of the county line.
The skull and most of the bones crum
bled to pieces when they were handled,
which shows that they must have been
buried for hundreds of years. The relics
consisted of a spur and three feet of rust
eaten metal shaped like a sword. The
sword also broke into fragments when
extricated from the soil which adhered
to it. :*;•■ ■-•<■'•■.*
The spur bore traces of exquisite Span
ish workmanship when the rust and red
dirt were scraped off. It is a cruel look
ing instrument, having six prongs, each
almost two Inches in length.
Whose the remains are and how long
they have been buried is but mere con
jecture, but it is most likely that some
cavalier in the suite of some Spanish dis
coverers of this coast met with an un
timely death. As there was no sign of
wood or a coffin around the remains it is
supposed that he died with his boots on
in some quarrel with his enemies or com-
E anions. After being shot he was hastily
burled where he fell. This conclusion is
arrived at from a number of small brass
tacks found near by. These tacks were
such as were used to nail leather in shoes.
The relics were about two feet under
ground and were thickly Incrusted with
dirt. The Glen Park people have con
tracted for their exhibition.
■ ♦ i !
Death of Ex-Senator M. J. Donovan.
Ex-Senator M. J. Donovan died at his
ranch at Hanford Sunday, August 27. Mr.
Donovan suffered for a period of two
years with stomach troubles. His life
has been a very active and useful one-
He has filled the position of School Direc
tor and City Treasurer and represented
the city and county of San Francisco in
the State Senate, serving with Hon.
Frank McCoppin and other distinguished
men with honor to himself and his con
stituents. He carried on a painting busi
ness at 1171 Market street and has. paint
ed many of our largest private and pun
lie buildings in the city and State. He
was well and favorably known among
the business men and building trades ot
the city and State as an honest and up
right man in all his. dealings. No one
that ever applied to him for aid was re
fused. He leaves a widow and several
children to mourn his loss. He will ne
burled at Hanford on Tuesday. August ii.
Geier.
Captain Jakobsen and other officers of the
German warship "Geier" were at the Zlnkand
last week.
the Divorce Court.
In.
Walter A. Moody was granted a divorce
yesterday from Lellah Moody on statu-
Hales.
Tory grounds. Nellie W. Edwards has
been granted a divorce from Charles E.
Edwards on the ground of desertion. Min
nie A. Veckl has sued Victory G. Veckl
for a divorce, alleging infidelity as a cause
of action. Mary W. Harper asks for a
divorce from William L. Harper on tho
ground of failure to provide.
SAN MATEO CARS WILL
BE PAINTED GREEN
WORK ON NEW ROADBED NEAR-
ING COMPLETION.
In Two Months Cars Will Be Operated
From Market Street to Holy Cross •
Cemetery Without Change.
The construction on the new roadway
of the San Francisco and San Mateo
Railway is going on rapidly and Superin
tendent Southard states that it will be
completed in about two manths. The
double track has been laid to Ocean View
and the ditch for one track has been
opened beyond Daly's Hill in San Mateo
county. All the joints of the rails are be
ing cast welded and a 20-ton roller is run
over the road, thus assuring a perfect
roadbed.
The thirty new cars are nearly all
built and the company has adopted a dark
olive green as the distinguishing color.
The old cars will be painted with the new
color as fast as practicable. Seventy cars
in all will be operated and they will run
from the ferry to the end of the road at
Holy Cross without change, a convenience
which will be appreciated. Other im
provements will be inaugurated and it is
intended to perfect the system in every
detail.
Keith's French hats, new French hat».
Keith's Opening, September 1 and 2. •
Peniel Missionary Convention.
A convention of the several Peniel mis
sions in this city and vicinity and
their friends will be begun this morning
at 11 o'clock and continue four days, with
meetings at 11 a.m. and 2:30 and 7:30 p. m.
The Rev. William E. Blackstone will
speak on Wednesday evening— subject,
"God's Committee, or Our Responsibility
to Evangelize the World." Mr. and Mrs.
Ferguson and other Peniel missionaries
will be in attendance and address the
meetings. A cordial invitation is extended
to all interested to attend.
■ ♦ ■
Keith's new pattern hats, 808 Market. •
Michael P. Jones' Will.
The will of Michael P. Jones, who died
on the 22d inst., leaving an estate valued
at over $500,000, was filed for probate yes
terday. The entire estate is devised to
Flora D. Jones, widow of the deceased.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"stool
WILL EARN
$25 PER MONTH J
$25 PER MONTH g
BIE INVESTED BEKORE
y MIDNIGHT THURSDAY j
Our stockholders made 33 1-3 per cent I
profit the last 50 days. Those coming In ■
Hnow are guaranteed 25 per cent PI
3 month, with the possibility of its being
much more when i
OIL IS STRUCK.
Nothing but oil shares Just now will
pay "uch returns. One oil stock jumped
from
from 5
315 to ©SOO \
PER SHARE LAST WEEK. |
fRICEGOESUP
I PRICEGOES UF9 f
B MIDNIGHT. AUGUST 3L j
Applications received up to this time
a will be filled at « per share. Right,
however reserved to return all subscrip-
: tions received after the present 1000
shares have been taken.
PRO-^I'TTI'S WITH "INSIDE IN-
FORMATION" FRSE.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Union Consolidated Oil and I
| Transportation Co., I
j 322-323 Parrott Building, I
> SAN KRANCISCO. ll
J — I
IT PAYS
IT PAYS
TO GO
DIRECT TO
Great American Importing Tea Co's
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES
*■" . '