VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 168.
CRUISER CHARLESTON
LIES IMPALED ON AN
UNCHARTED REEF
From Manila Comes Word That There
Is No Chance of Saving the Ves
sel-Washington Officials
Yet Have Hope.
MANILA. Nov. 14.— Further details 1
regarding the grounding of the i
United States cruiser Charleston j
show that she struck an un- j
charted coral reef ten miles east J
of Kaniguin Island. Her stern was nl- j
most submerged and the bow almost out j
of water. A heavy sea was on and the
cruiser began rolling violently. The [
•watertight doors were quickly closed, but I
were stove in under the engine compart- j
ment. the largest of the ship. After the j
first efforts to right her the officers feared ;
she might slide off because of the heavy
sea, and they abandoned the attempt to j
save her. Thoy hurried to the launches
arid boats and rowed away, prepared to
fight for a landing with two Colt guns, 134
rifles and ten days' rations.
Some of the officers and men were
dressed only in pajamas and their under- I
clothing. The breech blocks of the can
non were removed before the boats put
oft. Two hours after the Charleston
struck all had got away. The report that
the crew remained two days on the vessel j
Is Inaccurate. A party returned two days
later but found it impossible to save any- j
thing.
The first landing was made on a little
Island, with a front of barren rocks.
Next day the boats again took to the
water and proceeded to Kamiguin Island,
where a landing was made In the expec
tation that firing would be necessary. So j
■far from this being the case, however, the
! Charleston's men found a half-savage j
people, who regarded them with curiosity |
rather than hostility. On the third day j
the storm had greatly subsided, and Lieu
tenant John D. McDonald, with Boat
swain Dominick Glynn and six men,
started for the Gulf of Lingayen In a
thirty-foot sailing launch, hoping to find
an American warship, but entirely ignor
ant of General Wheaton's expedition.
Lieutenant McDonald was four- days
afloat, keeping under shelter of the hos
tile shore on account of the high sea«,
being most of the time In falling rain.
Finally, flying the Union Jack 'Town, clad !
In their underclothing and drenched to th"
skin. the officer anil his companions over
took the transport '-./.-■■ . which carried
them to the battle-ship Oregon.
The cunboat Helena was due to arrive
at Kamiguin Island yesterday. Tho j
Charleston was returning from a iivr
weeks' cruise alone: the western coast of j
Luzon, and Admiral Watson was begin- i
ning to be uneasy. He supposed, how- j
ever. that nhe had joined General j
"tYhrnton's expedition.
In naval circles the accident is consid- \
. ered <iuite unavoidable. The only wonder !
is thnt there are not more such disasters j
in Philippine waters, which remains in- I
differently charted.
The Charleston lies practically in the j
open sea and there is no hope .if saving
her or the valuable paraphernalia and
contents of the cruiser.
NAVAL OFFICIALS
HOPE TO SAVE
THE CHARLESTON
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— Admiral
Watson cables to the Navy Department
the following official rep>rt of the wreck
of the cruiser Charleston:
"Charleston wrecked uncharted coral
reef three miles north-northwest of
Guinapak Rooks, north coast Luzon. 5:30
o'clock this morning. November 2. Every
body safely landed at Ka n iln Island
with rifles and two Colts. Natives friend
ly. McDonald made T.inenyen Gulf in
sailing launch. When he left no opportu
nity for examination of wreck. Northeast
monsoon, heavy sea prevallng. Reports
ship struck easily, then thump. violent
ly. Fireroom compartment flooded, first
water-tight doors closed promptly. Ship
lies settled aft, water one foot from
name. Well out of water forward; ap
parently very steep bank: ten days" pro
visions, one-half rations landed. Helena
dispatched from Lingayen by Oregon to
Kanigutn; due to-day. Have cabled
Hongkong for salvage for Charleston.
"WATSON."
There is a discrepancy in the date of the
wreck of the Charleston as given in Ad
miral Watson's message and in the press
THE CHARLESTON AS SHE LIES AS DESCRIBED IN THE DISPATCHES.
The San Francisco Call.
dispatches. It is probable that the 7th
inst. is correct, and that Admiral Wat
son's dispatch was confused in transmis-
There was some surprise expressed
that so long a time elapsed since the
before news of the fact reached
the Navy Department. It appears, how- ■
delay was inevitable, ow
ing to the isolated position of the wreck,
.in Island is a small isle lying
north of Apparl, which is the I
■ rly port on the island of Luzon. It
. ::."" miles from Llngi
Gulf, where are stationed the nearest of
I Watson's fleet.
When acting Secretary Allen reached
• partment this morning he commu
i .'i with the White House, and then,
n of the President, went over
iarrying a chart of Northern!
Luzon and the cablegram.
Admiral Watson appears to have a
■ ;i receipt of the news, tor he
. ivj Department that he
I .-. gto secure j
exp • ■• ii \\ reckers i
■
Navj Departmeni has already a
■ ir on the ground in the person of
Lieutenant Hobson, who may !•• ■
,-sume charge of the wrecking
operati
A can Eu] n ading of the cablegram from
a convinces the ofl
there is a r'uir chance of saving the
. >• that V..
--three or four
the rail. This is an lndi<
the main de< k is above water, v.
would mak. th. . imping oui
r. If she • down
g r. pi irted ■
itijur: • r by poui
. r. on the weather,
-
Foi the safety of tl
s. The
ilready n.; ■
which is al it i la - rim from
with the Orej
. must h; I '1 the
ago.
As soon as possible a court of Inquiry
will 1-e called to fix the responsibility for
the wrecking of the ship. This will follow
irrespective of any action of the Navy
Department, and will be ordered by Ad
miral Watson. Should it appear that the
wn-ck was caused by the negligence of
any of the Charleston's officers a court- ;
martial will low the inquiry- But in
view of the exceedingly dangerous char- j
aeter of the north coast of Luzon and j
the lack of necessary aids to navigation .
it is not believed to be probable that any
of the officers will be found severely cen
surable.
Navy Dei
ment i rnJrtg
■
: ■ B ibuiat
The
■
■
sels ii
on v. • itruck. thr< ■■
miles nort ■- not
■ :he chart. con
■
pointed out hy Rei
[n 1
pi>rt to
"The bureau Is In i
number of hydroj
ins ■ f shi] s ■
unreliability of the harts
.■ con
trolled by the Unit - I s. In the
[p'.ands the service i I
• . ssary for : - lis r ' ■'■-"! and
■ always prove reliable "
The old Spanish maps continue to be
used by our naval vessels until
the Navy Department can make its
own charts. This work is very
extensive and necessarily slow. Only
$100,000 is row available for the work in
all of those former Spanish possessions.
Tlie Bennington has been doing this work
in the Philippines and has a complete
graphic outfit on board, but It will
be some time before the American sur
veys and data will be available.
MANY OF UNCLE
SAM'S WORSHIPS
HAVE BEEN LOST
Tlip wr* rklng of th" Pharl^ston, while a
serious loss to the navy, was happily
without the sacrifice of lives, and dof-s,
fore, not bring Borrow and want, as
su many previous disasters in our navy
have caused. The firsi lost in the
tea navy was the eighteen-gun
ship Saratoga, lasl heard of In 1780, when
sh>- l.s supposed to have foundered. The
fripat* Insurgent, captured from the
French in 1799, mysteriously disappeared
i:i 1800, as did also the fourteen-j<un brig
I'irkerlng; during the same year. Th«
famous little Wasp is also supposed to
have foundered in IKI4, and a year lat^r
the brig Epervier was last seen In tho
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, AVEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1899.
HER LIFE DREAM
REALIZED AT LAST
Mrs. Jane Stanford Sells Her Vast Railroad In
terests and Receives Eleven Million Four
Hundred Thousand Dollars for Immediate Use.
She Will Now Endow the Leland Stanford Jr. University With
the Fabulous Sum Thus Acquired and Complete the
Splendid Purpose of Her Late Husband and Herself.
MRS. STANFORD NOW READY TO COMPLETE HER LIFEWORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14. — An event of national importance in financial, railroad and ed
ucational affairs took place to-day in this city. The splendid dream of the late Leland Stanford
and Mrs. lane Stanford has been magnificently realized. Mrs. Stanford sold to-day every dollar
of her enormous holdings in the Southern Pacific Company, and with $11400.000 received from
the sale will complete the almost fabulous endowment of the Leland Stanford Jr. University. In
this transaction the life ambition of Mrs. Stanford is won and the hope of her late husband is ful
filled. The Stanford University is now one of the richest institutions of learning in the world.
In the financial transaction, which is only the medium through which a great purpose has
been realized. Mrs. Stanford has disposed of all her stock in the Southern Pacific Company to
the Huntington-Speyer syndicate. Her holdings amounted to 285.000 shares of stock, for which
she received approximately S4O a share, or $11,400,000. There is no doubt that the stock was
bought in the interest of C. P. Huntington. Mrs. Stanford lias thus made available for the insti
tution which has made her famous throughout the civilized world a fortune the size of which almost
baffles the imagination.
The sale "f Mrs. Stanford's stock in the
Southern Pacific moans that Stanford
University will be Immediately onrlched
by available money. The pri^e obtained
for the stock signifies that tho estimates
of the original endowment will be in
creased by several millions and may place
Stanford at the head of the list of richly
endowed universities of the world.
This sum of eleven million dollars may
Special Dispatch to The Call.
bo so wisely arid safely Invested that the
1 permanent income will contribute so much
annually to the Institution that all future
■ danger of financial embarrassment- will be
removed.
Mrs. Stanford, whose noble mission in
' life is to execute the plans which she and
) her husband devised, has surely good rea
j son to rejoice in the great fortune which
j has followed the exercise of her judg
ment in handling the vast interests en
trusted to her care.
Dr. Jordan and his associates may go to
work with renewed zeal and vigor to build
up such an institution as Leland Stanford
had in mind when he resolved to dedicate
his vast fortune to tho cause of education.
j There will be no more scaling of salaries
! and personal sacrtfiees by the faculty to
: keep the university in touch with other
1 great institutions of learning.
Some time ago Mrs. Stanford disposed
of her Central Pacific stock, which repre
sented her late husband's interest in the
original corporation.
All the railroad property that Mrs.
Stanford now owns, in common with C.
P. Huntington, is her interest in the Pa
cific Improvement Company. This cor
poration was originally known as the
Western Development Company, but the
scandals and mischief arising from its pe
culiar management caused it to be known
| to the public of California as the West
ern Devilment Company. Thereafter the
name was changed to the Contract and
Finance Company. Subsequently the
name Pacific Improvement Company was
adopted. Railroad men now speak of the
interior corporation as the "P. I." Com
pany. Mrs. Stanford's interest in this
concern may not exceed $1,000,000.
In financial circles of New York some
mystery clings to the long sustained ac
tivity in Southern Pacific stock. The
price obtained by the Crockers for the
Southern Pacific stock which they owned
was a surprise to the bankers, but the I
high figure was accounted for on thej
theory that C. P TTuntinsrton was willing
to pay :i top-notch figure in order to gain
absolute control of the situation..
It is possible that agencies other than
those directed by Collla P. Hunttngton
secured Mrs. Stanford's 286,000 shares of
Southern Pacific, but The Call's informa
tion is to the effect that the deal was
wrought in the furtherance of Hunting
ton's scheme for a transcontinental Una
to be operated under bis immediate man
agem-nt.
Recently C p. Huntington ordered that
grading of the Santa Barbara extension
should provide for a double track. In
the rugged country, where the work of
grading is in progress, the additional
grading and cutting for a double track
adds enormously to the cost of preparing
the roadbed.
( '. P. Huntington is reported to have
said that his new road along the coast
from San Francisco to Los Angeles would
be the best in the world, and when that
enterprise was finished he would keep
right along the lines of improvement until
he owned a road across the entire conti
nent that would be acknowledged as the
best road in the United States.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, president of
Stanford University, will receive the in
telligence from New York with profound
satisfaction. The estimate of value which
Leland Stanford placed upon the railroad
property has been verified by the prices
which Mrs. Stanford obtained for Central
and Southern Pacilic stock.
Whatever may be said about the merits
and motives of the men connected with
tho great railway corporation of the Pa
cific Coast, it must be acknowledged that
Collis P. Huntington's able and sagacious
admimlstration of the road has been the
prime factor in maintaining the value of
the property.
Colonel Kipp 111.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— Colonel Law
rence Klpp is seriously ill at his home
here and his condition Is regarded as
critical.
MAJOR JOHN A. LOGAN
AMONG THE AMERICANS
SLAIN BY FILIPINOS
Fierce Battle of the Thirty-Third Regi
ment With Insurgents Near San
Jacinto — Many of Agui
naldo's Men Meet Death.
MANILA, Nov. 14.— The severest !
punishment since the fight at |
Zapote River, near Imus, was !
inflicted on the insurgents Sat- j
urday morning through the
brilliant work of the Thirty-third Volun
teer Infantry, und<»r command of Colonel
Hare. Several hundred men in this regi- j
mem were recruited in Texas, and some I
of them were formerly in the Rough
Riders. After the fight, which took place
near San Jacinto, the bodies of eighty-one
dead insurgents were found on the field, j
Twenty-nine prisoners, forty-seven Maus
en and fifty-six Remingtons were cap
tured. Seven Americans, including Major
John A. Logan, were killed and fifteen
wounded.
An advance guard of eight Texan |
sharpshooters under the personal di- ■
rectlon of Major John A. Logan, en
countered a fusillade from insurgents?
well concealed in a trench beyond a wide
bog. As the remainder of Major Logan's
battalion of the Thirty-third struggled
forward to support him. the enemy's
sharpshooters, who were concealed in the :
tops of cocoanut trees and in trenches .
along the roadside, opened a murderous
fire. A Gatling gun was used with good ■
effect as the rebels ran away.
The insurgents' sharpshooters continued
firing at a point where the first light
started until an hour after the town was j
taken. Their shots were directed upon a j
field hospital. Major Logan was shot
through the head and mortally wounded
early in the tight while stooping to at- :
tend a corporal who had been wounded.
A hospital steward was killed while try
ing to drag Logan's body to the side of
the road. Shortly afterward at the same j
spot a captain and a non-commissioned |
officer were wounded. All this was the
work of sharpshooters, who picked out
the officers by their uniforms. Half a'
dozen of these men were spotted In
and killed by our sharpshooters. The fir
ing on the field hospital men did not
cease, however, until a detail returning
from San Jadnto to convoy the dead and
wounded to San Fabian chare,! the i
try of insurgents and found Logan among |
the dead.
GRIEF CAUSED BY
THE DEATH OF LOGAN
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— A cable dis- i
patch received at the War Department j
announced that Major John A. Logan, J
Thirty-third Volunteer Infantry, had been,
killed in a light In Luzon* He was lead
ing his battalion in action. He is a son
of the late General John A. Logan of
Illinois and Mrs. Maria Logan, now a
resident of Washington. lie leaves a
■widow and three children, who are at j
present resiumg at Youngstown, Ohio.
The news of her son's death was con
veyed to Mrs. Logan by a personal note
from Secretary Root, sent by Major John
son, assistant adjutant general. Mrs. Lo
gan was prostrated by the shock, but
later in the day recovered her composure
and driving downtown communicated
with young Mrs. Logan at Youngstown,
Ohio, over the long-distance telephone.
The news of the death of Major Logan
was contained in the following dispatch
received from General Otis under date of
Manila to-day:
Wheaton reports November 12: "There was
an engagement near San Jacinto between the
Thirty-third Volunteers and 1200 Intrenched in
6urKf.r-.tF. . ,;. . .:.. while gallant
ly leading battalion, anil six enlisted men killed;
Captain Green an<l eleven men were wounded.
. slight. The enemy was routed,
leaving eighty-one dead in the trenches. His
loss is believed to be MO."
La-xton reports from San Jose, in the vicinity
or Pan Ni. hc-l.is. north of Tayuig: 'V.
captured thirteen cart*, with the Insurgent
War Department record*, the printing
complete, ot the insurgent newspaper an.l a
large quantity of rice also captured Th» cav
,.lit is still actively engaged, and the infantry
Is pressing on from San Jose and Araga. The
roads are Impracticable (or any wheel trans
portation, an* the horses are foraged on rioe
and growing rice straw. -1 otis
Soon after noon Mrs. John A. Logan
drove to the White House. f>h.- wag
companled ny .-mother lady. One of the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ushers who had known her for many
years admitted her at once to the red
parlor. She had a teleeram in her hand
and begged to nave her name taken at
once to the President. In the parlor she
mot Mrs. McKenna, wife of the Associate
Justice, who also has a son in the Philip
pines. Word of Mrs. Logan's visit was
taken to the President in the midst of the
Cabinet meeting. He at once left the
meeting- and went downstairs where Mrs.
Logan and Mrs. McKenna were still to
gether. After a few minutes Mrs. Logan
was assisted to her carriage and the
President returned to the Cabinet meet
ing, where the sad news of Major Logan's
death had already been under discussion.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Nov. 14.— A pri
vate disoatch received from Manila this
morning announced the death of Major
John A. Logan of this city. The remains
will be brought home on the transport
Sikh. Mrs. Logan, widow of Major Lo
gan, is completely prostrated over the
death of her husband and her physicians
will not allow her to be seen. She had
expected to spend the winter with her
children in the south of France and was
preparing to leave when the cablegram
announcing Major Logan's death was re
ceived.
Major John A. Logan Jr. was born In
July, 18&, at Murphysborough, 111. He
received an appointment to West Point
Academy and attended for two years, but
resigned before his class was graduated.
Logan then embarked in the real estate
business in Washington, but after his
marriage to Miss Edith Andrews, daugh
ter of the late millionaire coal operator.
C. H. Andrews, March 22, 1887, he resided
here. He was engaged in limestone min
ing and owned the Oriole stock farm. In
May, 1898, Logan received from the Presi
dent the appointment of assistant adju
tant general, with the rank of first lieu
tenant, on the staff of General John C.
Bates. He went to Cuba and took part in
the battle of El Caney. He was pro
moted to major for gallantry in battle,
and at the conclusion of the Cuban War
serve,] with General Bates, who was Gov
ernor of Santa Clara province. August
19 last he was appointed major of the
Thirty-third United States Volunteers
and sailed with his regiment early in Oc
tober. Major Logan leaves a widow and
three children here— John A. Logan, third,
Mary Louise Logan and Edith Josephine
Logan.
Mrs. Logan has received the following
telegram from President McKinley:
It is my painful duty to convey to you the sad
intelligence of the deattTbrs*iKir husband- while
gallantly leading his battalion In the charge
at San Jacinto. His splendid qualities as a sol
dier and high courage on the fighting line have
given him place among the heroic men of the
war. and it will be some consolation to you to
know that he died for his country on the Reid
of honor. You have in this trying hour for
yourself and the children the sincere sympathy
of Mrs. McKinley and myself.
■ WILLIAM McKIXLEY.
BATTLE IN WHICH
LOGAN MET DEATH
MANILA, Nov. 14.— The Thirty-third In
fantry, in one of the sharpest two hours'
engagements of the war, with an equal
force of insurgents, five miles from Sun
Fabian Saturday, lost one officer ami six
! men killed and one officer and twelve
wounded. Th» Americans captured twen
■ ty-nlne Filipinos and 100 rifles and found
eighty-one insurgents dead lying in the
trenches and rice fields. .«any more Fili
pinos doubtless were killed or wounded.
General Wheaton was informed that the
enemy was gathering at San Jacinto for
the purpose of preventing the Americans
i controlling th<- road from Dagupan north,
whereby Aguinaldo might. Tetreat. The
! Thirty-third. Colonel Howe commanding,
; and a" detachment of the Thirteenth witti
, a Gatling gun. Howland commanding,
were Beni to disperse them. The tr. ..,;,-;
untered the worst mad ever found
In the Island of Luzon. " There was a suc
cession >>f creeks; whose bridges the
I Americans had to stop and repair, and
miry ditches, and' at certain places I
struggled waist deep in quagmires. A
, hundred soldiers had to drag the Gatling
gun part of the way, the horses being
useless.
; The insurgent the fightintr. two2
WHALER MERMAID
IS A TOTAL WRECK
Buffeted About fay Arctic Storms for
Many Days, the Crew Has
a Narrow Escape.
VICTORIA, B. C., Nov. 14.— First Mate
OifforJ and thirty-one shipwrecked sail
ors of the whaling bark Mermaid arrived
liVre to-day by the steamer Alpha, on
which vessel they embarked at Dutch
I! arbor, where they left their vessel,
\\ hkh was so badly damaged by the
•vvrenehings she received In a series of
gales encountered from October 2S to No
vember 2 fhat she was condemned by a
marine board made up of the captains of
the Alpha and Townsend. which were at
Puuh Harbor, and the port captain. The
bark is a Total loss. The crew, nearly all
of whom axe from San Francisco, will
sail thor.ee on the steamer Wai i;t Walla
■
The Mermaid sailed from San Francisco
on March _• and after eight months of
dirty .weather i:i the Artie Seas, during
\yhlch time she took two whales, which
were brought down by the Alpha, was
vrecked during a succession of heavy
Kales. She was oft Fox Island when the
lirst of the storms was encountered. Cap
tain Glfford laid the vessel to, and for
hours she lay with the sea breaking over
her. One heavy sea carried away the bul
warks, and a following wave lepaed high
on the deck, killing the "lookout-man,
•Jack Keneely, a married man, and whoso
home was at San Francisco. lie was
thrown to the deck with such terrific
force that he was instantly killed.
The- body was washed up and down the
deck, according to the story told by the
men. before .■ was secured and a grind
stone placed around the neck and com
mitted to the deep. All day the bark
was swept by the waves, and it seemed
at times as though she would turn turtle.
On one occasion she went so far over on
her beam that her foretop and main yardS
were in the sea for about ten seconds.
The whalers thought then that it was ill
over Pith them and their old vessel.
-On the afternoon of the 20th the storm
abated somewhat and the crew took ad
from San Jacinto, •while the leading
■ • ;,' a clump
In the midst anut
.. in mud. The Filipino
In trees. I
held their
them. When they began tiring -
: fire from thickets, right
: way. The Instil
-rs picked off the officers nrst
• ■ . : : . - Who fell
- or chevrons. ISut the
er wavered. Its crack
... Filipinos down
the trees like squirrelß
the trenches, leaving
: : • surgents there.
■ hen deployed under fire
M.i r John A. Logan's battalion in
ionic's on the right
r Marsh's on the left. Tho
Ine, which was a mile long, ad
: .;• • DStant
The Fllii
them remaining un
■ :. . ■ Americans were with-
Maj small trench full
• m and slaugh
• • ■ ntering
■ killed t ; .ve of a
md swept the
■ y.>rd the town, driving ab"'H
to the bills. Marsh's bat
g the town first, captured
• flag, which was nylng over a
■ j arc supposed to have re-
It waa Impos
m, as the American
and their eupply
of ammunition was low. The outposts
; the light. The
lieutenant colonel,
: - •.• ;uong the killed.
: . irned to San Fabian
ay, ii being impossible to get sup
' the roads.
A | . m of the Filipino Secre
t Wai was found In all the vil
givlng glowing account? of a.
nd saying; that 7500
een killed and
.ring the war.
■ 1 were brought
> The officers who arc
rning say it is Impossible for General
■ a junction with I ;■•!.
era! Young on account of tho roads.
ners say it is reported that Aguin-
Wlth an army they estimated at 20,
--• ■ ■ . . -, gr< at saggeration), Is re
ird Dagupan, Intending to leave
•. • Some said
. the Filipino army had
• . ended bj I renerals
1 J ing to bo covered on
r, ana that he passed San
Ing northwest, a fortnight ago.
: the Third Cavalry.
whil. ilas, north of Tayug. cap
o bull train loaded with
: la of the Insurgents' War I
tho pr< sses and outfit of the
I i - . .■ . ■ . .- ncia.
GENERAL OTIS MAKES
AN ANNUAL REPORT
WASHINGTON, Nov. H.— Copies or tne
annual report of General Otis have been
.: the War Department, but the
will not be made public until it has
■ .; the consideration o£ the P
; meral < 'Ms
■ : ori Into periods in cover
imption .if com-
In the Philippines until February
en be Bays the rebellious sub
nay attacked the foi
I States, wl.'j were rightfully and
legally in possession of tho city, bay and
harbor of Manila. The second period
treats of the operations from the time of
the Filipino attack upon the United
s forces up to the close of active
ttions on account of the raJny sea-
Bon.
General Otis says that In order to give
a clear and comprehensive statement of
the situation in both periods he makes
his report in narrative furm and begins
with a review of the conditions existing
under the protocol until the attacks, and
follows with a story of the opera
• ■ army sinoe that time. General
Otis makes h!s narrative a complete ar
r of the careful manage
ment of American affairs so as to avoid
a rupture with the Filipinos, and Justifies
tii.- action of the Americana in all steps
following the outbreak. Much of what
s has already tie<*n published in the
iphic reports sent to the depart
and in official reports received from
sited In the engage
fj th<* report are the
reports of 9taff officers giving the details
of the different branches of the army In
I pines, the operations in the
fields, tho departure of the State volun
teers and the arrivals of the troops to
their places, and other information
nf n technical character.
LIEUTENANT GILMORE
WAS SEEN IN TARLAC
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— The following
lee-ram was received at the Navy De-
Dr Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
_h. Never fails. Tr~ '». 2>. All druggists.'
44 Proof of the Wadding
Is in the Eating/
It is not 'what <we say, but tohat Hood's
Sarsaparilla does, that tells the story.
Thousands of people give the proof by
telling of remarkable cures by Hood's Sar-
siparilla of Scrofula, Salt Rheum, Dys-
pepsia, Catarrh, Rheumatism, and all
other blooi diseases and debility.
vantage of this to patch up the storm
dealt bark. Temporary repairs were
and then, with the water rising In
her, ti < > started lor Dutch Harbor. On
the 30th another and even more furious
m than that encountered before
-prang up. Soon it was a gale; the wind
Bwepi the seas over the vessel with hurri
force. All hands wore soon at work
■ w.n oil on the heavy seas. Twenty
barrels were used. The foremast wa> torn
by the severe wrenching and two
were carried away.
At last on November 2 they managed to
■i a small harbor some distance from
Dutch Harbor. Here more repairs were
■: they ran for l>ut.-h Har
■ bor, whejre the old bark, built forty-six
ii Xi-'.v Bedford, lies ;i wreck.
li lain f.iftor.i. Second Mate Cahlll,
Engineer Kowaisky, Cooper John Lee. a
■ and an Eskimo remained with
the wrecked whaler. Those going I
Franci:'-" are: First Mute T. Gifford.
Third Mate J. Currie, Fourth Mate Car
and T. Keefe, J. Gomez, Bob Groul,
John Bowen. George Cushing, Ed Mc-
Kenzie, Ed Niemen, Frank .Man in, G.
Billings, C. P. Stewart, B. Busby, J. B.
Brown, J. Rogers. P. West^ff, J. Anton,
.;urs and thirteen sailors.
The men say that the man who gave
an anseaworthy vessel as the Mer
maid a clearance should be severely dealt
with.
The shipwrecked men report that the
whaler Belvedere was spoken by them
before the storm. She had then five
whales.
The Alpha reports that a severe wind,
snow and gleet storm raged at Cape Nome
ictober IS and thousands or dollars
• lost on the water front. The steamer
Sovereign is among those wrecked- The
l< sa will aggregate $10,000.
Seventy-live tons oi Cape Nome sand
brought by the Alpha for shipment
San Francisco for treatment. On the
route north the Alpha ran ashore near
J'' r: Clarence and had to throw off her
deck load of lumber and shingles, Involv
ing a heavy loss.
partment from Admiral Watson to-day:
MANILA, Nov. 14. -Escaped Spanish
u .n Fabian roport seeing
Gilmore November l in Tarlac with Bye
men. all well. He crossed the mountain
rin in May with thirteen men.
1-ocation of other eight unknown
"WATSON."
WHEATON ABOUT TO
ATTACK SAN JACINTO
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.-The follow
ing has been received at the War Depaxt
:"rom General Otis:
"MANILA, Nov. 14.— Rain continues;
typhoon prevailing; nearly 4 Inches this
th in Manila; more central Luzon.
ral Lawton has passed beyond tele
ic communication; nothing from
him since yesterday. Wheaton reports
on the 11th inst. a short
I o ("pun Ban Fabian. A battalion
of the Thirty-third Regiment under
Marsh attacked and defeated 400 of the
enemy entrenthed; had two men wound
ed. En< mj '• ji fourteen dead on the
irty-one rifles. WTieaton is nbout to
attack .San Ja. to; result not lined.
Hughes. Panay, operating west of Hollo,
Cordova Maasen, Cabatuan. Enemy
makes no stand. OTIS." "
CRUISER CHARLESTON
LIES IMPALED ON
A N UNCHARTED BEEF
Continued from First Pace.
Straits of Gibraltar on July 12. Other less
notable disasters during tho early part of
the century wore the Etna, Revenge, Fer
ret, Scourge, Alligator No. 1, Helen, Lynx
and Chlppewa between ISII and 1820. Tho
Enterprise and Alligator No. 3 were lost i
in 1823. Wildcat in 1824 and Ferret No. 2 '
the voar following, and thence up
to l y ;>" fifteen vessels wero lost, of which
eight with all hands, namely: Hornet
No. 3, 1829; Sylph, 1831; Porpoise, 1533; Sea
gull, I .-k, 1841; Albany, 1854; Le- I
vant. 1860; Hainbridgc, 1803. The Fredonla, !
storeshlp off Arica, Peru, was lost at her
anchorage by a tidal wave In IS6B, and
every man waa lost.
Disasters to steamers of the, navy began
with the Fulton, which blew up in 1829;
the Missouri was burned in 1848, and the
.San Jacinto was wrecked in 1866. The
Wateree was thrown one mile inland at
Arlca by a tidal wave in IS6S and sevbral
of her ofllcers and crew perished. In 1870
the Onelda, while at anchor off Yoko
hama, was run into and sunk by a Brit
ish steamer, drowning half her crew. The
IJjiron was wrecked on the coast of North
ilma in 1577, several officers and most
of the crew perishing. In 1889 the Trenton
and Vandalia were totally lost in Apia
harbor. Samoa, and iifty-one sailors wera
drowned.
The tragedy of the Maine in Havana
harbor on February 15, one year ago, is
probably the saddest of any record of dis
asters In any navy, not solely because of
the loss of 2f>3 officers and men— for there
have been greater sacrifices of lives— but
because of the attendant circumstances
and ultimate results. Other disasters of
ships not named were those in which the
vessels alone were lost and involved
trifling or no loss of human life, nor does
the foregoing list include those incurred
In war, but are solely those attendant on
life at sea or In harbor in peace times.
CANADIAN WINS
THE FIRST PRIZE
In Spite of TJnpropitious Weather
Gotham's Horse Show Is Well
Patronized.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— The second
night of the horso show at Madison
square Garden brought out a great at
tendance, notwithstanding the heavy
storm that prevailed. The chief In
terest to-night centered in the hißh
jurnplng, with tho fences at six feet at
the last jump.
The Canadian exhibitor, George Pepper
of Toronto, carried off the first prize iij
. • -nt with his brown mare Pearl
Boston won the blue ribbon in the tan
dem class, E. B. Jordan winning the lirst
prize with Walsingham and Western
Star.
Plcturesque.ness was added to the after
noon exhibition by the five four-ln-tiands
shown before drays and with the owners
or members of recognized coaching clubs
driving. Five teams showed. The tool-
Infi of the big coaches evoked great en
thusiasm in the crowd, t'nder the skill
ful guidance of the five crack drivers the
fours dashed around the tan bark rint
which, large as it If, looked perilously
small, with five lumbering coaches going
at high speed. Jordan's Boston team
the blue ribbon and Arnold Lawson's
team, also from Boston, took the red
Anti-Expectoration Law.
PASADENA, Nov. 14.— T0-day the City
Trustees passed an ordinance making
spitting on the sidewalk a misdemeanor,
punishable by a fine. One Councilman
thought the ordinance too severe and that
It should be modified, but it passed with
out modification.
Don't put in too much time standing on
dignity or riding a hobby.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1899.
OPERATIONS OF
THE STEEL TRUST
Manager Gates Tells of
Its Workings.
ONE SCHEME THAT FAILED
ATTEMPT TO FORM A WORLD-
WIDE COMBINE.
Admits That the Price of Barbed
Wire Was Raised Because His
Company Had a Monopoly
of Patents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— 1n giving his
I testimony before the Industrial Commis
i sion lu-day John W. Gates, managing di
rector of the American Steel and Wire
Company, gave an interesting account of
- to form a consolidation of th*
ts of all the wire-producing countries,
::!.g the American nation. He says
h<- visited Great Britain, France, Ger
many, Belgium and Austria for this pur
pose. Germany he found to be the prin
ompotitor, England's work in that
respect not being sufficient to deserve se
rious consideration.
In Germany he found the manufacturing
rs compete most seriously with tho
United States, and bounties and subsidies
were given on every hand to hold up the
manufacturing interests of that country.
The German manufacturers lirst proposed
that ;ii case of an international consolida
tion the United States should bo content
with 2o per cent of the product. This he
had declined and they had Increased the
allowance to 55 per cent. He had run
away from Berlin to avoid accepting tins
allowance. Ho had himself represented
the possibility of increasing prices to the
extent of about $lv a ton in case of the
proposed amalgamation, but found that
the Germans had in view an increase of
about $20 a ton.
In this connection Mr. Gates com
mended in high terms the German method
of encouraging the producing and ex
porting interests, saying that if the
United States Government would adopt
the plan there pursued it soon would be
doing 90 yer cent of the iron and steel
business of the world. He advocated sub
sidles to steamship liries and to national
corporations of $5,u00,00i) capitalization aiui
over. Ho would have the corporations
pay liberally for such charters In the be
ginning and then have them pay largo
sums annually for the continuance of the
increasing the amount as the
capitalization increased until the annual
fee Bhould be no less than $1,000,000 for a
any capitalized at 1100,000,000, He ad
ted Government supervision of all
such corporations. He said the protective
tariff had much to do with building up tho ■
iron and steel industry, and that the con- I
Lnce of the policy was necessary to ,
the future prosperity of the industry.
Mr. Gates said that consolidation had j
been effected last January. A number of j
plants that could not be operated had
ueen shut down. The company employed j
men and wages had ueen increased !
:. average of 40 per cent. The coin- :
pany did not, he said, recognize the trades ]
IS, dealing with its men a 6 Individ- i
nals, and it would not recognize the
unions as such. He said the company
controlled all the barbed wire patents and
had a mopopoly In. this respect. On this t
product a higher charge was made than ,
her products because of the monop- j
oly ot the patents. This was because of ,
the money spent in their acquisition. Gen
speaking, tho advance in wire prod- j
ucts had been only proportionate to the J
ase of the price of raw material. Ho
considered that all these advances had
been due to demand and supply and not ,
to the combination. Indeed, he asserted
that the American company did not seek
a monopoly of the production of unpat
ented articles, nor seek to control the *ell
i:;g pric* of its patrons. On the contrary,
the disposition was to encourage other or
ganizations. It was not true, as people
seemed to believe, that the trusts con- i
trolled the Iron and steel business of the I
country. As a matter of fact, they con
trolled only about 40 per cent.
Mr. Gates deprecated the present high
prices of iron and steel products princt- !
pally because of the high prices of raw ,
material. He, however, expressed the j
opinion that the present price would con- I
Unuo for the next two or throe years,
pi dieting the opinion on his knowledge
of the demands of railroads, the ship- l
yards and the building trades. He said
it. it his company was exporting no 1.-ss
than 7'."K> tons of wire a day, supplying
England, for instance, with 60 per cent oj j
the wire products purchased there. Ho i
admitted that the goods were sold at \
■ rates abroad than at home, but for
the present this waa necessary to hold
the outside trade. He had found that In
Germany all lines of the iron and steel
Industry were syndicated. He had pro
cured copies of the agreements, but ho
declined to produce them, laughingly Bay-
Ing that he had them stolen. He said the
can company had earned a divi
dend on its common stock as well as on
Its preferred, the directors considering It
wiser to lay aside something for a posst
dny day.
Other witnesses of the day were Max
Ham, counsel for the American Steel and
Wire Company: J. C. Pierson, organizer
of the National Spear Company, and J.
Wiess, vice president of the last named
: company.
RAIN BRINGS JOY
TO SOUTHERN FARMERS
Showers Reported in the Lower Part
of the State, With Prospects
for a Continuance.
r.OS ANGELES. Nov. H— A gentle rain
! began t>> fall hero at 8 o'clock this morn
ing and has kept falling; over since with
indications for a good downpour. The rain
will be of great value to this part of the
i State. It Is general over the whole south
i crn part.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 14.— The rainfall in
! this city up to 5 p. m. was .36 of an inch.
I Since that time there have been showers
I and the sky is still overcast with lndica
| lions of more rain. Reports from the ln
i terior say that the storm was much
! heavier, an inch or more being reported
in various parts of tho county.
ORANGE, Nov. 14.— 1t commenced to
rain here this morning, .13 of an inch fall
ing during the day. The indications are
for a continuance of the storm.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 14.— Rain be
gan falling here this morning, and a
steady downpour has continued since.
j The indications are favorable for a heavy
storm.
VKXTT'RA, Nov. 14.— A light rain com
menced falling here at 5 o'clock this
morning, continuing throughout the day.
The sky is densely overcast, promising a
protracted storm. Up to fi o'clock the
precipitation was .50 of an inch.
SAX BERNARDINO, Nov. 14.— RaJn
| bepan falling this morning and continued
Illy all ttay. amounting in all to about
,75 of an Inch. Notwithstanding the dry
I season, reports from Highlands, Row
lands, Col ton, Rlalto, Ontario and other
I orange growing iectiOQi indicate a large
i crop of oranges of superior quality. The
total crop of the county will exceed any
former year by several hundred carloads.
HEMPHILL TELLS OF
PUERTO CABELLO FIGHT
' Commander of the Detroit Cables
That the Land Battle Was Very-
Severe. ImS
■WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— The Navy
Department 10-day received the following
cablegram from Commander Hemphlll,
dated at La Ouayara. the 13th:
"The Detroit arrived to-day. Land
1 fighting was; very severe. Venezuelan pun
vessels bombarded forts with Hotchkiss
I six-pounder rapid-fire guns, unloaded
shells, without result. ■ The foreign men
of-war lay off the harbor during the en
gagement. On return rendered assistance
to the wounded. The Detroit's hospital
corps rendered Important service. Being'
no prospect of further trouble at Puerto
Cabello. I came here to await the arrival
i of the Dolphin. HEMPHILL."
. ;: i . ♦ . ,
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Brorr.o Quinine Tablets. Al
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure
E. \Y. Grove's Blgnaturo Is on each box. 25c.
NOTORIOUS GANG OF
SWINDLERS CAUGHT
At Their Head Is Alonzo J. Whlte=
man, Once Convicted of Forgery
in San Francisco.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— There Is at po
t lice headquarters here a quartet of pris
• oners In whom the police of almost every
I large American city and many of the
( leading business houses, banks and trust
companies have a deep interest. They
were rounded up after having been
watched for several months and were
formally held by a police magistrate to
day on the nominal charge of being sus
picious persons. The police of New York
say that most of them have been con
victed here and elsewhere of swindling
that has netted them many thousands of
dollars. The prisoners are:
Alonzo J. Whlteman, i' 3 years old. of
Dansville, N. V., the alleged head of the
gang. He is a graduate of Columbia Law
School.
Frank Edmunds, 40 years of age, a
clerk of New York.
John Thompson, alias William Hartley,
alias P. Lawton, "alias Dr. George W.
Johnson, 31 years of age; clerk; residence
unknown.
Robert J. Knox, 42 years o^d, lawyer, of
'm w York.
adhere is under arrest at Plttsburg a
nfth member of the gang, Charles D.
Stewart, alias Charles Ward, about 60 or
.v years of age. He was arrested there
yesterday.
According to the statement given out
to-night by Captain McCluskey, chief of
detectives, members of this gang hava re
cently obtained several thousands of dol
lars through the manipulation of bogus
drafts and other evidences of credit.
Several months ago a man claiming to
be \\ . L. Howe, cashier of the National
l.ank of Lawrence. N. V., ordered IO.cOO
drafts of a certain design from a firm
of lithographers in this city and paid
for them in cash. They were sent to
m 1 "i n care of Mrs - Whiteman, Dans
\ille, N. 1." a few days later a North
x.iver boat deckhand found one of the
pooka of drafts in tne river and the book
was sent to a detective bureau. Soon
reports of bogus drafts began to pour in
from all over the country. The drafts
were all made on these forms and drawn
on tho National Bank of Lawrence N
V.. Investigation by the police traced
them back to Whlteman, who lived with
his mother in Dansville. N. Y. There
it Is alleged, he formulated the plans and
his tools all over the country carried them
out.
Their general plan was to enter Into
alleged business transactions, some
times for the purchase of real estate
and, after depositing bogus drafts for
large amounts with banks or with the
business man with whom they sought to
deal, to draw upon the alleged credits
before the bogus nature of the drafts
could be ascertained.
DEPUTIES SCORE
FRENCH MINISTRY
Pardoning of Drefyus
Denounced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 14.— There was a large at
tendance at the opening of the Chambor
of Deputies to-day, which was extremely
animated. The President (M. Deschanel)
read numerous requests for permission to
interpellate the Government. The Pre
i mier, Waldeck-Rousseau, asked that all
] Interpellations respecting the Qovern
■ inent's general pulley be discussed to
gether. This Idea was accepted and M.
j Donys Cochin (rightist) opened the de
j bate by reproaching the Government for
j opening the doors of power to the social
ists by giving M. Mlllerand (Minister of
Commerce) a portfolio.
M. Grandmaison, another rightist mem
ber, blamed M. de Gallifet, the Minister
i of War, for not supporting the Govern
ment in ita efforts to repress the machi
natlona of the military and clerical par
ti- '^, and demanding the separation of
church and stale.
M. Lasies, anti-Somite, condemned the
measures taken against various officers,
a.lcling that the latter had good reason to
say it was shameful. Amid Government
protests M. Deschanel called M. Lasies to
order, but the latter persisted, declaring
■ that with such a Government disobedience
was a duty. The statement called forth
renewed protests. The Chamber then
adopted a motion, censuring M. Lasits,
and General de Gallifet ascended the trl
bunal and protested vigorously at the re
marks M. Lasies bad made concerning the
army, saying the Deputy had no right to
speak as he had done. The Minister's
statement caused loud applause from the
left.
< '..ritimiing, the general said he re
prrotted none r<t his declarations or acts.
and then, amid constant rightist and
anti-Semite Interruptions, he proceeded
to justify the measures which he said he
had been compelled to take regarding
certain officers. Hi- asserted that General
Rogct talked too much; General Negrier
i hau declared in the presentee of his of
ficers that the Government had permitted
attack on the army, but that when tho
army ha"d enough of them there were men
ready to take up itß defense. Here the
' rightists shouted "Vive Negrier!"
General de Gallifet continued, saying he
did his duty in punishing General Negrier,
at which the rights and anti-Semites
' noisily protested.
Paul de Casslgnac (rightist), who fol
lowed, said the pardon of Dreyfus was a
slap in the face for the army and re
proached the Government for not defend-
I ing the army, which, he claimed, had
been so calumniated and insulted.
M. Vivian! said on behalf of the social
ists that they were ready to uphold the
' Government, whose projects they accept
ed as a minimum. The House adjourned
until Thursday.
The Senate after a formal meeting to
! tfay adjourned Pine die in order to con
tinue the trial of the conspiracy cases.
DEADLY DUEL WITH
RIFLE AND REVOLVER
GALLUP, X. M.. Nov. 14.— A Mexican
courier arriving at 9 o'clock this evening j
brought news that L. E. Denemore and
J. A. Maxwell, both prominent citizens of j
Gallup, had fought a duel at sundown
this evening, one with a Winchester, the j
other with a six-shooter, about fifteen
miles northwest of here on the Little ;
Water road, in which Maxwell was killod
and Densmore mortally wounded. The j
two men left Gallup about 11 o'clock this j
morning in company with the Mexican, !
who brought in the news, both In good
humor and on friendly terms. The cause
of the trouble is not known.
The only witness to the affray is the j
Mexican, who says he was directly be
tween the two men when the shooting
began and has blood on his overalls from
having kneeled beside Densmore, who
asked him to carry tho news to his wife.
He covered the wounded man with a ;
blanket and left for town immediately,
leaving no one with the dead and wound- j
ed men.
Mr. Hnrper, Judge Maxwell, a brother!
of the dr>cea«d, and two or three others j
have left for the scene of the duel.
♦ — —
TEACHERS IN SESSION.
Opening of Institute in El Dorado j
County.
PLACERVILLE. Nov. 14.— The Teach
ers' Tnstlmtp of EJI Dorado County opened j
In the Grammar School rooms here to-day j
The scheme was worked In this city,
Brooklyn, Woonsocket, R. L, and Pitts
burg. Among the bogus drafts was one
drawn upon the Lawrence National Bank
of Lawrence, Kansas.
Whlteman, who came from Dansville
to this city on Saturday last, was ar
rested at the Hotel St. Marie, on Fifth
avenue, where he had registered as "C.
W. Caldwell, Philadelphia." He had been
sending invitations to himself by tele
phone and telegraph to occupy a box at
the horse show and to dine at various
prominent clubs.
Chief of Detectives McCluskey says
Whiteman is wanted in Chicago, and the
police records in this city show that he
had swindled several hotels in this city,
Chicago, Boston and Atlantic City.
Thompson is accused of being a hotel
swindler. Edmunds' picture is in the
rogues' gallery, and he has served terms
in both the Elmlra Reformatory and Sing
Sing.
Charles E. Stewart served a term of five
years in Sing Sing for forgery about 1878,
and later eighteen months for obtaining
money under false pretenses. In 1889 he
stabbed a woman In Cincinnati and served
four years for it In the Columbus peni
tentiary. He served a term in Rochester
for robbery, and, last of all, three years
and three months in Sing Sing for the
theft of thousands of dollars' worth of
bonds and other papers from the Wal
dorf-Astoria, the property of John C.
Calhoun.
Alonzo Whiteman has been arrested a
score of times. He has traveled the world
over. He inherited $500,000 from his father
In ISSS. after leaving college. He led his
class in the Columbia law school, and
after getting his diploma and before be
ing admitted to the bar he went to Du
luth. He made a great deal of money
there during boom times. He lost his for
tune in the Chicago Board of Trade
within a year. He then turned to the
racetrack. He made money as a book
maker, met a streak of bad luck,
"welched" and was ruled off the track
for passing bad checks. He was sen
tenced to serve nine months for forgery
in San Francisco In 1595. appealed, got
a reversal and was released. Subse
quently he was arrested for swindling the
Columbia Bank of this city out of $SXO.
He got out of It, and has successfully
evaded prison walls ever since then,
though arrested several times on various
charges.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— State's Attorney
Dlneen was notified to-day that A. j.
Whiteman was under arrest In New York.
An officer Is to be sent after Whiteman,
who Is under sentence of one year in the
House of Correction for obtaining monoy
from the Grand Pacific Hotel nearly two
years ago by false pretenses. After a
short service Whiteman was released on
bonds while the case was pending In the
Appellate Court. When the Appellate
Court passed on the case, upholding the
trial court, h© had disappeared.
under the most favorable auspices. There
Is a large attendance of teachers, even
district In the county being represented
with the exception of one or two, and 'he
death of a teacher causing such vacancy.
The Institute is one of the most enthu
siastic over held in the county, and It
is due in a great measure to the untiring
efforts of County Superintendent T. E.
McCarty, who is an indefatigable worker.
The Institute will be visited during the
wpek by Professor David Starr Jordan,
who will, among other Interesting work,
lecture on "The Man With the Hoe."
State Superintendent Thomas J. Kirk
will be here on Wednesday to take part in
the exercises of the institute. On Wednes
day evening Pr. F. B. Dresslar of the
State University will lecture on "Super
stition and Education." Miss Mary L.
Brehm of the public school of Berkeley
will he one of the most Interesting lisriits
of the Institute, and her talks on draw
ing will probably be one of the most en
joyable features.
SANTA FE'S NEW LINE
NEARING COMPLETION
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.-New York rep
resentatives of the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railroad say that present indi
cations point to the completion of the
Atchison's own line Into San Francisco
by January 2.
About eighty miles of new track will
then have been completed from Stockton
to Point Richmond on San Francisco Bay
The Atchison will also have its own ter
minals, trains being ferried across the
bay Other new construction for the
Atchison system is going forward with
celerity in Oklahoma and the Indian Ter
ritory.
NO FRICTION BEWEEN
RUSSIA AND JAPAN
LONDON, Nov. 15.— The correspondent
of the Times at Tokio says: "The rumor
of friction between Russia and Japan is
without foundation. No international
question now exists between them.
"The recent excitement connected with
Japanese purchases of land over Russia's
head at Masapo grew out of purely pri
vate transactions and in no way concern
ed the Japanese Government. At present
the atmosphere is clear."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRAIN FOOD
Is of Little Benefit Unless It Is
Digested.
Nearly every one will admit that as a
nation we eat too much meat and too lit-
tle of vegetables and the grains.
For business men, office men and clerks,
and. In fact, every one engaged in sed-
entary or Indoor occupations, grains,
milk and vegetables are much more
healthful.
Only men engaged in a severe outdoor
manual labor can live on a heavy meat
diet and continue in health.
As a general rule, meat once a day is
sufficient for all classes of men, women
and children, and grains, fruit and vege-
tables should constitute the bulk of food
eaten.
But many of the most nutritious foods
are difficult of digestion, and it is of no
use to advise brain workers to eat largely
of grains and vegetables where the diges-
tion is too weak to assimilate them prop-
erly.
It is always best to get the beet results
from our food that some simple and
harmless digestive should be taken after
meals to assist the relaxed digestive or-
gans, and several years' experience have
proven Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets to be a
very safe, pleasant and effective digestive
and a remedy which may be taken dally
with the best results.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can hardly
be called a patent medicine, as they do
not act on the bowels nor any particular
organ, but only on the food eaten. They
supply what weak stomachs lack, pepsin
diastase, and by stimulating the gastric
glands increase the natural secretion of
hydrochloric acid.
People who make a daily practice of
taking one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after each meal are sure to have
perfect digestion, which means perfect
health.
There Is no danger of forming an in-
jurious habit, as the tablets contain ab-
solutely nothing but natural digestives-
cocaine, morphine and similar drugs have
no place in a stomach medicine, ami Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets are certainly the
best known and most popular of all atom
ach remedies.
Ask your druggist for a 50-cent packa^
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and after
a week's use note the improvement in
health, appetite and nervous energy. ,'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Removal Sale
At Sloane's
We desire to call particular attention to our
most carefully selected assortment of unique
pieces in
ANTIQUE AND ORNAMENTAL FURNITURE,
especially desirable for parlor, dining-room
and library furnishings.
We also offer a choice variety of individual
pieces at greatly reduced prices during re-
moval sale.
We invite attention to our superb stock of
CARPETINGS of all grades. AX ; VIIN-
STERS in dainty effects and special designs.
RICH WILTON VELVETS, soft to the
tread and noted* for their durability. BODY
BRUSSELS — a complete line of the Bigelow
manufacture, the brand of which is a guaran-
tee of excellence. During removal sale we
have reduced the price in every line in both
carpets and rugs.
LACE CURTAINS.
An exquisite assortment of ARABIAN
Renaissance, Marie Antoinette, Brussels, Bat-
tenberg and Point de Paris, at prices within
the reach of careful and economical buyers.
641=647 MARKET STREET.
CONTESTS IN SEVEN
KENTUCKY COUNTIES
Result to Determine Which Party
Shall Have Plurality on the
Face of Returns.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14.— The prog
ress of the contests In various counties
of the State Is the point about which In
terest In the fight for the Governorship
is centered. The determination of these
disputes may swing in either direction the
result of the face of the returns as they
will be made to the State Board of Elec
tion Commissioners. These contests in
volve 4000 votes in seven counties, as fol
lows:
Christian County, 95 votes, Taylor's plu- ■
rality in one precinct at Hopklnsville, I
which was to-day thrown out by the j
county election officers.
Johnson County, where the 878 plurality
for Taylor is being disputed by the Demo
crats on the ground of alleged irregu
larity.
Knox County, 1355 plurality for Taylor
in contest. Under a mandatory order of
Judge Brown at Barbourville these re
turns have been certified by the county
election officers, but the contest undoubt- i
edly will be renewed before the State j
Board.
Mercer County, 256 plurality for Taylor.
The Democratic chairman of the Election
Board has filed notice of contest in three
large Republican precincts, alleging va- j
rious irregularities. If these precincts
should be thrown out Goebel will have a
safe plurality in the county.
Nelson County, 1198 votes are being con
tested by the Democrats on the ground
that they were certified for W. P. Taylor
instead of W. S. Taylor. The Republicans
to-day Tiled suit at Bardstown against the
County Election Commissioners, and the
election officers in the thirteen precincts
involved are seeking to "obtain a manda
tory injunction to compel the election of
ficers to certify these llyS votes for W. S. !
Taylor. The matter will also come be- !
fore the State Board.
In Pulaski County 300 votes are con
tested. Taylor's plurality was 1546, in
cluding the 300 which came from five pre
cincts where contests have been insti
tuted.
In Harrison County 135 votes are In con
test.
An amusing feature of the situation
developed to-day when It became known
that more than 3000 votes In Fayette
County had been cast for "J. C. XV. Bick
ham," Instead of Beckham for Lieuten
ant Governor. In Nelson County, Beck
ham's home, by a "clerical" error of the
Democratic clerk, General Taylor's name
was printed on the ballot as W. P. Taylor
instead of W. S. Taylor. When to-day
Beckham's friends discovered what had
happened in Fayette they served notice on
the Goebel people that no contest must
be made of the Nelson County vote, and
as a result Taylor will not lose 1100 votes
cast for him there, and all of the votes
cast for "Rickham" in Fayette County
will be counted for Beckham.
ADJUSTING DIFFERENTIALS
ON WHEAT AND CORN
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— The Inter
state Commerce Commission to-day an
nounced its decision in the case of the
| Board of Railroad Commissioners of the
! State of Kansas against the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
and other carriers. The main points de
cided by the commission are as follows-
The changes which have taken place in
conditions governing the transportation
of wheat and flour from Kansas point, to
destinations in Texas are not sufficient to
warrant interference in this case with the
differential, making the rate 6 cents
higher on flour than on wheat, which was
approved by the commission In the KaufT
man Milling Company vs. Missouri Pacino
Railway Company.
Carriers of corn and commeal from
Kansas points to destinations in Texas
enforce a differential of 7 cents per 100
pounds more on cornmeal than on corn
and Buch difference prohibits the ship
ment of cornmeal ground at Kansas
points Into Texas territory.
It Is held that the difference in rate of
7 cents against cornmeal and in favor of
corn unjustly discriminates against Kan
sas millers and that the differ
ential should not exceed 3 cents per
100 pounds. Several different carriers en
gaged in transporting wheat and corn
from points in Kansas and Missouri and
Intermediate points to Galveston and New
Orleans make lower export rates on
those commodities! from Kansas City, Mo.,
or points in that vicinity, than from some
of the Intermediate stations on their re
spective lines. It is held that the higher
rates from such intermediate points sub
ject those localities to undue prejudice,
and that if the carriers are allowed to
make these low export rates they should
in making them treat all intermediate
territory alike and doslst henceforth from
charging higher rates from the nearer
stations than those from the more dis
tant points.
WARLIKE RUMOR DENIED.
Japan Has Not Sent Hurry Orders to
Shipbuilders.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1899. by Jamos Gordon
Bprmett.
GLASGOW, Nov. 14.— The Herald cor
respondent who made inquiries of the
John Browne Company, the ship-building
firm of Clydeban, with reference to the
report that owing to differences existing
between Russia and Jupan the Japanese
Government had reQU««ed the firm to
rush work on the battleship Asaht- now
under construction, was told that the
statement was unfounded No such re
mir«*r had been received, and the work
wm proceeding as usuaL The Asahi,
which is one ot the largest battleships ,n
the world, is likely to be ready for her
steam trials in April.
Fire in Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 14.— Mrs. Mary
Smith's residence and contents on Fair
view avenue was destroyed by 'Ire ihis
afternoon. Less, $2000; insurance, 11000.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL, COKB AND PIO IRON.
If WH SON I R ffl m Battery Street.
J- V- n ILJUI'I tt VU- » Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTHE, Mgr.
CW SMITH Sni P Plumbing, Steamboat
• IT- 3i?lllll> and Ship Work a Specialty. It
and 18 Washington Bt. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RflYFSfrffl Shipping Butchers, 104
I JA3- OUlCjavUi Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
J. 11. LVIJIAU, 14 Kesr "y rt-. pjie^ ..modeling.
. 11. LUrJIAi;, ,tylet, low«t prieei, i«modßllng.
IRDN FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, £g» 23 1 £«£&
st. Castings of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
WIT I AIWFTTP pulp and paper CO.,
niLLAiUEI IE 722 Montgomery «t.
PRINTING.
F C FTTTfiHFS printer,
C- V- ItUUIILJ, 5u sansorae st., 3. F.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRIDGE 806 Californta
Codes. rAKIKIDUD street.
WHITE ASH STEAM-COAL, t^'blacS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal in th*
market. Office and Tarda — 450 Main street.
EQUITABLE
OIL COMPANY.
Land Located In the Very Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY.
* Surrounded by Flowing Well*.
Midway Between
Coalinga and McKiftrick Districts,
160 ACRES.
Title United States Patent.
Limited quantity of Treasury Stock now for
■ale for development • purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE,
No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Stock listed on California Oil Exchange.
Office 4os Montgomery St., Room 5
San Francisco, Cal.
MUNYON'S INHALER
/"^I T D f^ C
S^% CATARRH
\ Colds, Coughs,
4*Js£&!fi^ Hay Fever, Bron-
jjK^jjyWjj^chitis, Asthma
«1 J^ 1 il aru * a " Diseases
wtfwirf; Wr of the Throat and
Clonds of Medicated Vapor «r» Inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and vaporizing all the Inflamed
and diseased parts which cnohot be reached by
medicine taken Into the stomach.
It reaches the tore spots— lt heals the raw
placet— lt goes to the teal of disease— lt acts at
a balm and tonic to the whole system — fl.oo at
drug ffisU or tent by mail. 1M Arch £&, Phila-
m^^u ELECTRIC BELTS.
■^jftjJfflJWjwfffiSM^. Prices from $3 50 lo
Ms?/ Vs " Vft Tfij * 25 Largest manu-
BSl^V\ '1 X in the Unl-
Vn|jta|^r jT^^y&Z&f^Sil lt'U States. No Quacks
3*H3=MtaStl^iJSS^r connected with this
/77!TpS!j£ZE?' s^ IV*Vl V*V- establishment.
™ (CT For particulars
call or send 2c in
'jTv. stamps for "Booklet
No. i." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.. 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace . Hotel. S. F.
gS^ail m KSa STOPPED FREE
sSr^ H H SLT Permanently Cured bj
mm Wi %DR. RUNE'S GREAT
ill I® NERVE RESTORER
(■ mi- at- 0* STOPPEi) FREE
■ B W* Permanently Cured b^
KLINE'B GREAT
H NERVE RESTORER
■ No K.t«»ruT flritdiiTi asc.
is 2£& Conntlti'inn. t>fmon»l or or mail; Uf»:ls« »nd
92 TKIAL, BOTTLE FREE
lo Fit piticou itno p»y «|>rr.«» t -o oo:r n 3 '.'"fry.
M iVrm«»«i«C>iri'.»ol»Blyt«ni|»rwyr»ll«r.ror»nAer.
tS Ml Ititordort. EpllriKT. Eo*»mi. =i. Vln-i Dtnce,
'S* H-bllily.Eiha.i-liou. DB.R.II.HIiIMs,Ld,
"Sa* 931 Arch Street. PhlUddthla. Founded i«i.
Ijwfyj&g? INJECTION. j! .
I A PERMANENT CURE I
J i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhcea ( '
([ and Gleet, cuarnnt^fd in from 3 to 6 i,
C days : no other treatment required. '»
J, Sold by all druggists. SWEAK SHOWING BY
ST. LOUIS JOBBERS
Witnesses Admit That They Are
Simply Fighting to Get More
Coast Business.
ST. LOI ! 14.— At the resumption of the hearing before the Tnter
■ tsion this morning ex-Governor Fifer of Illinois, re
■ ■ d W. .T. Calhoun, resigned, appeared and took the
: S thing occurred to-day to disturb the representatives from
st. Examinations of the tariffs on local shipments westward
\i w York*, Chicago. SC Louis and other Eastern and middle West jobbing
examination developed the fact that the i I these
iterially larger percentage of differentials between carload
irload shipments than those which they complain the Jobbers
Iving.
• quickly became apparent, namely, that It ls» a
the jobbers of the middle West and those of the coast, the
nly an Incidei I This was frankly admitted by the
nplainant to-day, who Bald that their clients were after
■ tilers of the coast, and th< railroads must be the means to
r : - Itude for the welfare of the Pacific Coast retailer waa
: shown in Its tru- light when a Chicago jobber, under
■ attorney Pillsbury. counsel for the Pacific Coast Job
• Association, admitted that were the prayer of the
ted he would not sell his poods to the coast retailers any
• would keep what !;>• saved In a reduction of less-than-carload
tional profit for himself.
sensus of opinion seems to be That two days more will be con
irther evidence tor the complainant and the case of the
ids. A continuance will then be asked for and doubtless
ntlniß a date when it will sit at some Pacific
point, pr B T " hear the evidence of the coast
I xnanui icturers.
Is without doubt the most Imp irtant and far reaching in its ef
the Interstate Commission, and this is
ted by th<- lar; ■ if distinguished attorneys pr. sent to watch the
?ts of thi ns. '.he people of the Pacific Coast cannot
■
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 14.— The Interstate ,
Commission resumed its session this j
morning. Fifer, the new Commissioner,
sat with the commission, making a full
hoard. Ex-Commissioner Calhoun con
ducted the rxamination of -witnesses for
the complainant.
A telegram from the Merchants' and j
Manufacturers' Association of Stockton, |
signed by President Henderson and pro- i
testing against the relief asked for by the !
: merchants of St. Lbutsj was presented to i
the commission and filed in the case.
Traffic Manager Van . - ndingham
showed his want of knowledge of the sit
uation by claiming that there -was no
water competition as to most of the arti- I
cles covered by the complaint, as the clip
per ships had disappeared. He seemed
greatly surprised when told that eleven
dipper ships from Eastern ports were
due in San Francisco during October, and j
that the manifest of one of these ships i
covered nearly all the articles which he j
t [aimed were no longer carried by water.
It also came out during his cross-exam
ination that this proeieding before the
commission was taken by order of the ;
board of six managers or the St. Louis
Traffic Bureau; live of whom were jobbers j
in this city. He was asked to name the
manufacturers of St. Louis who had con
sented to the complaint, and could men
tion only one small concern.
Van -Landingham finally admitted that j
it was "a right of the jobbers to get more j
business on the Pacific Coast; '• the •
manufacturers were not taking a hand in ;
it; as they sold largely to the Pacific
< :iast merchants, and naturally would not
like to. do anything to offend them.
The next witness called for the com
plainant was one Allen, the traffic man
ager of the Meyer Bros.' Drug Company,
tine -of the largest wholesale houses in
drug's and chemicals In the whole West. ;
it seems that each of the biggest Western ■
jobbing house." has a man known as j
traffic manager, whose sole business is to
li«.ik after shipments, rind over what
lines merchandise may be shipped to the ;
best advantage and obtain any rate off
which the railroads will give. The comp
laint of this witness was that Ms house j
could not sell to retailers on he Pacific
Coast 0:1 such favorable terms as the ;
jobbers there, because it could not ship !
small lots to advantage. He admitted j
that the jobbers of the Middle West '
usually got a freight allowance from the •
manufacturer? on goods shipped t<> St.
Louis and similar places, which in many
instances gave them a lower rate to Pa
cif.c terminals for large quantities than
"those shipping from New York and other
Atlantic ports.
He was followed by F. W. Hurly, sec
retary of the hardware hmise of • Lrwell. ;
O?mdn, Kirk & Co. of St. Paul, who .
said that his company was still doing a ;
i-irge business with . . ■ Hers in Oregon \
;\nd Washington; but wanted the rule as |
to' mixed lots moditied so they could not '
cVily ship on more favorable terms In less
than carload lots, but pack various arti
cles, such as rosin, shoe blacking, toilet |
paper, twine, razors, pocket knives and ;
the like, in one box at lower rates, so they |
could go more directly to the retailers and j
jr^t ns much profit as the Pacific Coast I
jobber, who gets his goods In larger quan- \
titles and 13 satisfied with the present \
programmes. He said distinctly that the ;
present rate« wrre fair to the shippers so i
i'ar as their earnings were concerned, but
wanted a change in the rates to facilitate
the Middle West jobber In getting his
merchandise to the Pacific Coast In small
lots.
The star witness of the day was B. B.
Putton. freight manager for the ■in of
Kelly. Maus A- Co. . dealers in heavy
hardware, at Chicago. He frequently !
safrl. that this w:i« a fight between the |
Chicago and Pacific Coast jobbers for the j
"Western trade: that the Pacific Const I
man nnwlmd the advantage as he bought
his merchandise In carloads and so s-ot
better rat'-s. H>» made a good deal of fun
by saying that in sntn" cn.«es there was j
ARE YOUR
BERYESOISffIDIB?
/— TAKE
■14 HUDYAN,
/ I r ( IT CURES.
4^^ When your ner\'ou.«
I becomes weak-
l \ ened and the vital ■■
1.1 .' ... . \ forces Impaired then '
\ V \ exhaustion results
\ / "Xervous Kxhaustion"
\/ is a dansrerous itsorder.
I / for It often leads to !
/ / compleie Prostration,
/ / r- Apoplexy nr Heart Ols-
I A / O ease.
I) ~ Guard against K. for I
// V 3 ); ''P 's at han.l. HUD-
if VAX In the he!p. The \
'/ I mind lg tally fir-t to
/ ; »how evidence of a let-
I / ling down of the nerves.
j / Your memory becomes
V J lmpairvd, your intellect
\ I Clouded. You become
I / d-si'onJent and in-lan-
. * I :', / olioly; you shun society,
I / you become morose, ir-
I / rltaWe and unable to
/' apply yourself to busi-
] / nfs.«. You will have
/ / Uadarhes 1), hol-
I / low\eyea (fig. 2), a pale
I 1 face ifijf. 3), coated
/ A '' «>Stt« ""'B. T), bloatlrtß
I I \ o: stomach (fIR. 3), tor-
I / \ Pld llvr (fl(t. 6). weak-
/ 1 r.ees of limbs 'fig. 4).
I " A 1 oil as a result of weak
\ /\ \ nervo?. HUDYAN cures
\ I \ I fr.e vi all these .lis-
I I \ \ tressful • conditions, for
I V i L? HUDYAN rtrenpthens
/ n;\_^-~ the n<rv?s and allays
I > — i liervouA excitability.
~- v HtTDTAN cum, and
, i.erman-'ntly. too.
If you are pale, weak, nervous and *r»-ni»ra!ly
run doivn in heiUth. then you need Hudyan.
Don't wait— get Hudyan now. All druggists
sell Hudyan— .',iV a package, -i packages for
S2 ."0 If your drrifrelst does not ktep Hudyan
V^r.d direct tc tr.e I ;.VAN REWEDT CO.,
corner Stockton, Kills and Market -•;-, San
Francisco. Cal. .
CONSULT HI'DTAN DOCTORS-FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
a l"wer rate from the East to St. I>uiU
than to Chicago, and he wanted that
regulated. When asked by Attorney Cal
houn what advantage it would be to the
A\s! to s»-ll his merchandise there,
- lid ihat the retailer ajid consumer
the Pacific Coast would be benefited.
On cross-examination he was asked if.
i the rates be chunged to suit him,
lower his price to the retailer
and he replied hi- would not When asked
further if that was the way he proposed
the consumer he said It was,
and so retired amidst a general laugh
The Peters Cartridge Factory, located
near Cincinnati, Ohio, was represented
oj one McKlbbin, who complained be
cause the Pacific Coast Jobbers did not
buy from his factory Instead of going
further Bast, and ht- wanted it adjusted
so as to help him in selling to the Pacific
■ retailers, though he admitted that
he sold to jobbers only in the middle west
and hud never tried to sell to retailers
in that section. He did not pretend that
he had ever offered the pacific jobbers
lower prices than the Eastern factoiies
or ever solicited their trade otherwise
th;ui to :<end them letters inclosing his
Ist and requesting their urd> rs.
last witness whs J. R. Hickman,
• manager for two iron jobbers of
vis. His chief grievance seemed to
be that the shippers weighed their mer
idlse in California and often made
them pay more than the scales of St.
Louis called for, claiming that the scales
In California were always correct, which
he considered a reflection on St. Louis.
He said that the people out there claim. d
that the sun set In California, and he
»sed it had gone down and left them
In eternal darkness, and the scales would
never fall from their eyes.
The who], proceeding ha.s simmered
to h fight for the markets
complainants are all careful to say that
they do not think the railroads an ■
■> much money; that they have no
complaim against them in thi
Ing to pacify the shippers
so that they may reach the Pacific Jobber
smore easily.
Last evening Governor Francis invited
ist merchants and their at
torneys to dine with him at the St. Ixniis
g with Interstate ('ommission
era Knapp,) Clements and Feomans, the
:■ and sev< ral representative men of
Si Louis.
It was a very enjoyable affair. Speeches
were made all around and the bf-st of
feeling prevailed. Governor Francis out
lined ills plan for a centennial exposition
■ Louis in 1903 to eelehrate the Louisi
ana purchase. The Pacific Coast men
promised to hHp him out, and it was
1 that th* two sections would unite
In the enterprise even if they could not
•:r trade relations. Gover
nor Francis was a member of President
Cleveland's Cabinet during his first term.
and is one of the Democrats of the South
west who had the courage to stand for
sound money. His courtesy and hospital
• ■ the Pacific ('oast representatives
was heartily appreciated and mad.- a
very pleasing incident In their trip, which
they will never forget.
BOLDLY SOLD
HUMAN BODIES
The City Undertaker of
Memphis Arrested.
SrxH-la! 1 'isr.atrh to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 14.— Four zinc-lined
L 8 art- used by traveling
men to carry samples, each containing a
corpse, were taken from the bag]
room at the Union Btation to-day, and
Prank Thompson, city undertake] of
Memphis. TVnn., is under arrest. Charges
against Thompson are being fonnulat i
For some time the police have been
aware that a traffic In human bodies has
been going on through this city, and they
have been on the watch for the guilty
ones. Recently a shipment of four bodii a
In trunks was made to vv. H. Ham sen, at
;k. lowa, for whom those captured
to-day were also Intended. The express
man who hauled the trunks from the
Keokuk depot told the station master
there that he believed they contained
bodies. An Investigation was started,
arii! this city was notified to look out mr
any other shipments, with the result
mentioned.
When taken to police headquarters
Thompson made a clean breast of the
whole affair. He said he had the con-,
tract for burying the city dead of Mem-'
phis. For some time he had lie.-n Hr-iin.g
the bodies to medliTil colleges throughout
this part of the country- "i s method was
k them with excelsior in drum-!
rner-' sinc-Uned trunks and tak< them
with him as baggage a* far as St. Louis.
From here be Bhipped the trunks to th..ir
destination by express. Thompson s ; ,jd
that he had been paid all the way from
$50 to Si.* 1 "! per body. He said the name .
\v. H Hamsen, to whom the trunks were
addressed in Keokuk, Is a fictitious
bur refused to state who his consignee is.
In the trunks are the bodies of three
negpo.y. two men and a boy, and a white
woman, Mrs. .Jennie EL McGulre, who
died in the Shelby County Insane Asylum
last Fridaj of cancer of the stomach.
MEMPHIS, Nov. 14. Frank Thompson
who Is under arrest In St. LoulS, is well
known iri .Memphis, being the county un- i
dertaker. His brother, ;■:. I). Thompson,
has been twice Indicted on charges or Im
proper burial of pauper d«ad. On both I
occasions, however, Thompson gave a sat
isfactory explanation and was released.
The detective force of the city is at work
on reports from St. Louis, and develop
ments are expected later.
Miner's Sudden Death.
T.OS ANGELES. Nov. H— At an early
hour this morning the dead body of C R.
Bugbee, a Colorado mining man. was found I
on the sidewalk on Broadway, between !
First and Second streets. There wa - a
pool of blood under his head, and it was j
at tirst supposed the man had been as- ■
i, but Investigation shows that he \
died of heart disease and must have in- I
jured his head by falling on the side
walk. He was about 40 years of age and
well to do. apparently, though little is
known of him here. He came from Den
ver a month ago.
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1899.
PLANNED TO
FIRE A STORE
Goidsworthy Arrested
in Stockton.
DISCOVERED JUST IN TIME
— ♦
PROMINENT IN POLITICAL AND
BUSINESS CIRCLES.
♦
Had He Succeeded in His Plot at
Least a Block Would Have Been
Destroyed and Many Lives
Endangered.
Special Dispatrtfi to The Call.
STOCKTON, Nov. I.4— W. J. Golds
worthy, a prominent politician and pro
prtetor i if i he American cash store, a
large grocery, is in jail here and the Dis
trict Attorney has charged him with
burglary, hxing ball at $5000. C. C.
Anderson, a colored porter in the
employ of Adkins & Co.. wholesale liquor
dealers, had occasion ty go to the store
last evening about 8 o'clock. Hearing a
noise in the basement, he entered and
struck a light, and there found Golds
worthy In tne act of rleelng. He had re
movea with a jackscrew tne supports of
the floor utider the barrels of alcoholic
liquor and substituted boxes, which he
had saturated with coal oil, after which
he had piled other boxes ami straw
around, and paper, straw and boxes led
to the outside of the building through a
hole in the basement. on discovering
Goldsworthy Anderson grasped the iron
of the lackscrew and told Goldsworthy he
would brain him if he tried to get away,
to which the man replied, "You have got
me."
Goldswortby's grocery store adjoins the
liquor house, an. I his plan was evidently
to cause the destruction of both buildings,
so as to avert suspicion. His Stock was
Insured for 110,000. Anderson procured a
■ah and drove Goldsworthy to the resi
dence of Hugh Adkins, proprietor of the
liquor store, where Goldsworthy requested
that Irving Martin, publisher of the Dally
Record, be sent tor. Martin is his
brother-in-law, and he also brought Mrs.
Goldsworthy with him. Goldsworthy made
a piteous appeal to Adkins and Anderson,
tor mercy and begged them on his knees
and with tears In nis eyes not to inform
upon him. Both men were obdurate, how
ever, and District Attorney Ashley was
sent for by telephone about ?, o'clock in
the morning, when Goldsworthy was
turned over to the officers and placed in
jail.
He ha? engaged an attorney to defend
him. and to-day refused to be Interviewed.
Goldsworthy had always been regarded
here as a law-abiding citizen and was
one of the leading members of the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Association,
besides being a member of several fra
ternal orders. His ag»»d mother and his
wife are nearly prostrated with grief ami
shame, and the affair has created quite
ation here.
The offlfers who have investigated the
case declare thnt the plans of Golds
worthy were m«>s? complete, and that the
tire would not only have destroyed the
entire block but endangered the lives of
i the people who were occupying rooms on
; the upper floor. The falling of the spirit
uous liquors would have made a fire with
which the Fire Department could have
hardly hoped to cope with successfully.
i}'. Ids worthy was defeated four years ago
for Assemblyman on the A. P. A. ticket.
He was also a socialist, and it was dis
covered in the basement that the Social
ist Labor party had been holding meet-
Inns there, using empty boxes for Chairs.
An attachment was placed on Golds
worthy's store this evening by San Fran
cisco creditors for $790. and the place is In
the hands of the Sheriff.
MOLINEAUX'S TRIAL
FOR MURDER BEGINS
Prosecution Will Attempt to Prove
That the General's Son Sent Poi
son Through the Mails.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— Roland B. Mol
ineatix was put on trial fur hi? life to
day in rh.' t'.nirr of General Sessions be
fore Recorder Goff, chargM with the
death of Mrs. Kathertn J. Adams on De
cember 2?,. 1898. Mrs. Aflams died after
swallowing what was believed to be a
headache powder that had been Bent to
her through the mail in a silver match
holder as a Christmas present to iiar
;•. Cornish, physical director of the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club, nn<l by him
administered to Mrs. Adams, with whom
he resided. A ■•hernioal analysis devel
oped the fact that the powder contained
a deadly combination <>f cyanide of mer
cury. The Investigation which f"! : wed
resulted In developing that Henry (J. Bar
mother prominent member of the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club, who had
recently died, had received a similar pow
der and that it contained cyanide of mer
cury also.
Roland H. Mollneux was among the
witnesses put on the stand at the Coro
ner's Inquiry, where the testimony went
to show that Molieux bore enmity
toward both Cornish and Barnet. He was
ted after considerable delay, and
has be.-n in the Tombs ever Btnce. Three
Grand Juries considered his case, and the
third brought in the present indictment
-t him. Both sides have fought
bitterly ever since Molineux'a arrest, and
to-day, after several hours were occupied
In an attempt to select a Jury, not one
man had been found suitable to occupy
a chair In the jurybox.
When the case was called this morning
Barlow s. Weeks, counsel for Molineux,
made a final and desperate effort to have
it transferred to the Supreme Court, but
The Recorder ordered the trial to pro
ceed.
Mr. Weeks also made a lengthy argu
ment on a motion to dismiss the indi«-t
--ment, but Recorder Coff several tin.es
told him that his talk was trivial and that
he was wasting words.
Molineux'a father, (Jeneral Molineux,
..side him throughout the day. Har
ry Cornish was present, and the court
room was crowded with people. The pris
oner displayed the sam» air of confidence
that has marked every public appearance
of him since hifl arrest, and after ad
journment he was permitted to remain
in the courtroom for some time, where he
talked pleasantly with his counsel and
the court attendants. The case will be.
continued to-morrow.
OPENING OF THE
GRIFFIN WILL CONTEST
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 14— The prollmin
nry skirmish in the Griffin will contest be
gan to-day before a Jury in the Superior
t'ourt. Attorney James W. Keyes and
! < *obb appeared for Patrick Mul
vany ami his twn children. John and Gen
evieve, the plaintiffs In the case, and At
torneya Jones & O'Donnell, Mullany and
James W. Cocjbrane for the defendant,
Mrs. Kate O'Connor. Bach side will pn--
Beni the testimony of about twenty-five
witnesses.
Mrs Ellen Griffin died last April and
left a fortune "f i^.'M), the bulk of which
was beqiieathed ;<> Mrs. O'Connor, her I
daughter. To Mulvany, her son-in-law,
.md his two children only $.7xj was be
queathed. A contest wa.s tiled in the fol
lowing month, and It was alleged in the
complaint that Mrs. Griffin was of un- '
sound mind prior to her death. and had
been unduly influenced.
The plaintiff testified to-day that shortly
prior to her drath Mrs. Griffin frequently
came into town dressed so carelessly as
to present an immodest appearance. To
morrow Rev. Father Rogers nnd Cashier
Bostick of the Torr.ales Hank will be the
Chief Witnesses. Many objections were
made by opposing counsel to Mulvany's
testimony, but Attorney Keyes' questions
wero generally favored by Judge Ang.-l
lottL
Brakenian Killed.
STOCKTON, Nov. 11.-The first killing !
of the Valley road In this vicinity oc
curred tins evening when George Wllcox
a brakeman on the gravel train, was run
over and killed at the pravel pit near the
Stanislaus River, twenty-seven miles
frrnn Stockton. Wlleoz tried to get on:
the train when it was in motion and fell '
under the wheels. He was 35 years of
ape and leaves a widow and child in this
city.
BOERS ARE HAMMERING AWAY
AT BELEAGUERED KIMBERLEY
British Are Rapidly Landing Troops and Their
Commander in Chief Is Reported on
a Secret Mission, i
IMMEDIATE RELIEF EXPEDITION PROMISED BY THE BRITISH WAR OFFICE
LONDON, Nov. 15, 4:30 a. m.— There I
is no additional news regarding the
progress of hostilities In South
Africa this morning except a dis
patch from Mofeking forwarded by |
a runner dated October 31, which says !
that during the afternoon General Cronje.
the Boer commander, sent an envoy to j
Colonel Baden-Powell under a flag Of
truce to declare that he did not consider
the Geneva convention authorized the
flag of the Red Cross Society to fly
from several buildings at once in the
town, and that in his opinion the employ- |
ment of natives against whites and the
use of dynamite mines were both opposed
to the rules of war.
Colonel Baden-Powell replied that the
Geneva convention did not stipulate as to ,
the number of Red Cross stations permis
sible and that the Boers were only re
quired to respect the convent the hos
pital and the women's laager, all of which
were beyond tne town limits. The British
commander aiso pointed out that mines
were recognized adjuncts of civilized war
fare, and the defenses of Pretoria were
extensively mines. Moreover, lie re
minded General Cronje that the Boers had
11 red upon natives, burned their kraals
i and released their cattle, and that the na
; tives only defended their lives and prop
er Despite three' warnings from Colonel
: Baden-Powell the Boers continued delib
■ erately to shell the hospital and the
women's laager. The sending of the
Bo™ envoy was regarded, the dispatch
fays as a mere pretext for penetrating
the British lines at Maf eking. According
to the latest reports the town is confident
■ of its ability 10 hold out until the end
° So h far l arfimberley is concerned the
mental condition of the British there must
' be good from the fact that three weddings
i have taken place since the siege began,
the last having been celebrated on No-
V * m the absence of fresh news the morn
ing papers are driven to discuss Lord
Salisoury's letter regarding misinterpre
tations of his utterances at the Lord
I Mayor's banquet and President Kruger a
threat to execute British officers now in
his hands unless Nathan Marks, a sup
posed Boer spy. is released by Sir George
White. The Premiers deliverance meets
with universal approval, although the
explanation was in no way necessary, as,
outside of the Dally Chronicle, no one
! had supposed his words could bear the
meaning which Boer sympathizers had
been endeavoring to read into them
President Kruger's threat has excited
widespread Indignation. The Dally News
demands that his friends should promptly
Inform him that his own neck and that
of Dr Reitz, the Transvaal State Secre
■ tary, 'will be held responsible for any
such violation of the elementary rules of
civilized warfare.
For once the censorship is blamed on
account of laxity. It is asserted that the
censor ought to have suppressed the story
of Father Matthews regarding the but
render at Nicholsons Nek, which while
too vague to be considered evidence,
must cause uneasiness. The feeling is
that until the facts can be ascertained it
would have beep, wiser not to circulate
mere gossip. on South African cables,
The great delay on South African cables.
• now amounting practically to five days,
and the lack of any definite news from
. l,adysmith, give rise to some apprehen
sion, which is only relieved by the fact
that no adverse tidings have come from
either British or Boer sources.
Nothing is known as to the where
abouts of General Redvers Duller. H. M.
S Powerful has arrived at Simons Bay
from Durban and begun to coal. The
cruiser will return to Durban immediately
with more guns. Lord George Hamilton.
Secretary of State for India, announced
in a speech last evening that a relief force
i would be sent to Ladysmlth Immediately,
but beyond that nothing is known of the
British campaign, and equal secrecy
shrouds the movements of the Boers.
The Morning Post, which complains it
was unwise tactics on the part of the
British officers to leave the railway Intact
in their retirement to Ladysmlth, says:
"It is another illustration of British
contempt for the Boers that they treated
the retirement as though it were an ad
vance and preserved th.- enemy s lines of
communication as carefully as if it had
been our own." 'VQ ;"♦;.-'-, ,".:■.•.  , .
Dr Jameson, the hern of the raid, leu
Cape Town for England last Thursday.
ALLEGED DEMAND AND
THREAT BY THE BOERS
LONDON, Nov. 14.— Nothing [a known
either at the War Office or the Colonial
Office here regarding the alleged official
statement cabled imm Cap* Town say
ing State Secretary Reitz, In behalf of the
Transvaal Government, has demanded
thai General White Immediately release
Nathan Marks, a suppose* spy, who la
confined at Ladysmith, the dispatch
•uldlng that President Kruger threatens
if Marks Is executed to retaliate by
Bhooting <; ix British officers In th»- batids
of the Boers. It is further asserted from
Cape Town that Marks went to Lady
smith after the Investment of that piace
with the supposed object of obtaining in
formation for the Boers, and one version
of the story is that the Transvaal au
thorities have threatened to execute nix
British officers if the supposed spy is not
released 10 which General Buller is said
to have replied thai the British were en
titled to retain the man until he should
render a satisfactory account of lilm.sHf.
Both Btories it is asserted, bear the mi
urint of improbability, as then- is no reason
to think that the Boers would be guilty
«,f such a complete change from their pre
vious correct attitude and mariner of con- 1
ducting the hostilities. Nevertheless, the
sensational afternoon newspapers here
are alrea ly demanding that President
KniKer and all the members of the execu
tive council be ruthlessly handled as the
only tlttlns reprisal in the event of State
Secretary Reftz's threat being carried
out.
KIMBERLEY BOMBARDED
FROM THREE POSITIONS
HOPE TOWN. Nov. 10 (afternoon).— An I
undated dispatch received from Kimber
ley says:
"The Boers ceased shelling November 7
about 1 P- m-. having tired at intervale all
day long some seventy shells, a majority
of "them falling In d.bris heaps and open
Bpaa s. The average rang.- was 8160
yards Olie cooking pot was Injured.
There was a brisk market for fragments,
choice specimens bringing £2. The Boers
apparently were shelling at the extreme
range of their puns. Yesterday's attempt :
was regarded as ludicrous. The weather
was splendid The bombardment was- con- j
tinued briskly on the morning of Novem- i
ber B one shell narrowly missed the
1 Mitch church Ther* were no casualties, j
The shells are of a very Inferior quality
and seemingly fired by amateurs. One,
almost intact, was picked up. It weighs !
eight and a quarter pounds. The Bo.ts
have been firing from three positions. So
far the Boer activity causes little alarm."
BELEAGUERED FORCE
HAS AMPLE PROVISIONS
■l/iXDON. Nov. in.— The Daily Tele
graph publishes *these advices from its
special correspondent!
ESTCOURT, Natal, Friday, Nov. 10. —
None of my messengers sent to Lady
smith have "returned. Doubtless the in
vestment of thK- town has now become
closer, but General White communicate*
the information that the bombardment
does little damage, and that there have
been but few casualties. The beleaguered
fnn'o'has ample provisions and the- In
trenched position grows daily stronger.
A contrary wind prevents the cannonutl-
Ing from being heard here, but the smoke
indicates that the tiring is proceeding as
usual. There are no Boers nearer Est
eourt than Colenso. The Boers have tt
send a number of civil refugees from the
Transvaal into town under a flag of
rnir'p
SEIZURE OF WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHIC PLANT
LONDON. Nov. 15.— The Daily Mail has
this dispatch from its special correspond
ent:
CAPE TOWN. Thursday. Nov. 9.— Pr»p- j
arations for the reception of the army '
corps are being continued with unabated
' activity. Camps have been formed anJ
railway transportation has been thor
oughly organized.
Th< authorities at Cape Town r.av?
seized a complete wireless telegraphic
: plant on board a vessel. The apparatus I
' was consigned to a private rirm n Dela- j
goa Bay and was obviously destined for
! the Transvaal. The Government official's
suspicion was aroused owing to lhe i:;\
lety of certain Transvaal sympathizers to
obtain the immediate transmissi ra of this
particular package to Delagoa by boat. |
But for his official connection with a cer
tain European Government, the ai :
sympathizer would have been arrea
ADMIRAL SCHLEY'S MISSION.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— Rear Admiral
Schley, who is about to assume command
of the South Atlantic squadron, called at
the Navy Department to-day and had a
long conference with Actfng Secretary Al- j
len concerning the genera! character of i
the trip on which he is about to embark.
It was the admiral's final call before
leaving, as he goes on Thursday to New
York, where on next Saturday he will fly
his tlag on the cruiser Chicago. The sail
ing of the ship, giving her route and des
tination, have not yet been issued, and it
is said a definite determination has not
been reached on this point.
The admiral's visit led to renewed con
jectures as to the probability of his going j
to some of the South African ports. As j
to this, however, the admiral declined to
sa> a word, and there was the same reti
cence throughout naval circles, it ir, un
del-stood, however, that the Government's
general line of policy as to the South
African war will be made known to Ad- i
miral Schley before lie sails, as there- j
after he will be the executive officer in
closest touch with that field.
SALISBURY PROTESTS.
LONDON. Nov. 15.— Lord Salisbury has
written to the Newspapers protesting
against Lord Kdmund Kltzmaiirice's mis
quotation from his recent speech at the
Guildhall banquet, and again declaring
that he does not wish to discuss "ar
rangements which, under conditions that
an- yet in the future, the Government
may think desirable/
The latter refers to the phrase, "We do
not seek gold fields or territory." and is
Intended as a disavowal of the Daily
Chronicle's interpretation that the Gov
ernment does not intend to annex the
Transvaal.
THE MAJESTIC CHARTERED.
I.ONDnN. Nov. H.— Tho Admiralty lias
chartered the White Star steamer Ma
jestlc to convey troops to South Africa
immediately after she returns from her
present trip to New York.
The Majestic sailed from Liverpool No
vember *> and frum Queenstowo Novem
ber P and is due to arrive in New Fork
to-morrow.
WOULD FIGHT FOR BOERS.
PARIS. Nov. 15.— The Gaulois says: "We
learn on good authority that Prince Louis
Napoleon, who is a colonel In the Russian
army, asked leave In order to volunteer
for service in the Transvaal army. Em
peror Nicholas refused the request, be
cause his Majesty wishes to observe the
strictest neutrality. The Prince will leave
Paris for Russia to-day.
ARRIVAL OF TROOPSHIPS.
LONDON. Nov. 14.— 1t was officially an
nounced this afternoon that the troopship
Britannic has arrived at Cape Town, and
that the troopship Lismore Castle and
Yorkshire have arrived at Durban.
SHARP ADVANCE IN
PACIFIC MAIL STOCK
Rumors of a Probable Increase in the
Dividend Rate the
Cause.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— Rumors of a
probable increase in the Pacific Mail's
dividend rate at a meeting of the direct
ors to-morrow were responsible for an
other sharp advance in ihai stock to-day.
President <'<>nis I*. Huntingdon's state
ment that whatever is done regarding
the dividend will be In the interests (if
the stockholders was construed as a bull
ish point on the stock. No intimation of
what is likely to be done, howeverT could
be obtained from tho Insiders, who seemed
inclined to discourage the expectations of
any definite action at this time.
PRISONER ON THE ALPHA.
John G. Unvrin Accused of Shooting
Two Men.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 14.-The Alpha,
which arrived In port to-day, brougnt
from Cape Nome John G. Unwln. who \
had been givMi In charge hy the United I
States Marshal to the ship"s officers He I
is accused of shooting two men although
not fatally. On the down passage one of
ADVEKTISEMS2TTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a mnst remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
Statf* Medical Institute. 32S Elektron
building. Ft. Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that Its" recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
renuested to write wtihout delay.
the Alpha's saloon passengers, Henry
Field, died and was buried at sea. He
was unmarried, about 30 years of age
and came from Fergus Falls. Minn. He
had been very successful in the gold
fields and had a sack full of gold dust.
Woman Shoots Herself.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 14— The wife of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
e*y / I r^ 3 ! » y turned.
p| Al H I Price 512. 50t0 $25 — all over" W&
#] " /="\# Blue Serge M
I ] MS[ Suits $10 1
1^ I 9 Blue makes a very dressy ||1
*^S\^^J suit for business if you get the §|§
S vmSk iM right kind such as ou * blue H
§ ?W\ Serge " The colorin S is dyed
jfjl \ \ OT into the cloth to st?l y — it never |||I
f§ \ t \ 111 fades— it is constant to the last
U \\l —you can buy blue here with Wffl
Wi \ ill The serge is a wearable fflm
M I* 11 1 cloth— it is just the thing to Wi
'$%. 1 1 Ifl withstand the service that a Wsl
$& Sill business suit is sure to get. Wgi
J&-J 111 Ours at $10 will prove to be §||
I^3 <^^%^ S^\"§ a Wise and econom i cal purchase ffi
Mil "^^ • because y° u will get your ten Hf*?
d}'ft ' . dollars' worth. ' j^
P If we don' agree on this you get your money returned. B
M Boys' Middy Suits. P
P% Dark rough !w.ll cheviot— round cornered coat— short collars '^»
|.|, large laoels; vests— light blue material— s-parable shield; pants— }p£
»^J lined; taped seams, e'astic waistband ; ages 3to 9 years. g«i<
1^ *5.00 a suit. "
I (fjfcs-N.woop e-co/^ 1
Dark rough tw II cheviot— round cornered coat— short collars, Km
large la D e; S ; vests— light blue material— separable shield; pants— 198
lined : taped seams, c astic waiitband ; ages 3 to 9 years.
$5.00 a suit.
f>§)S.N WOOD 6 COf^l 1
M| NS2!2^ 7IBMARKET SX >^o^y S
Out-of-to\v.i orders filled— write us for Hi
fig our new illustrated catalogue No. 2. J&jb
P* TOR Pin I IVFI? j^™
STAKE Dr.C.C. d^||
| BEST OF ALL^I I f
MS For Biliousness *kX
jgr' Dyspepsia and all •Ss
ma stomach Disorders.
t stomach Disorders M
raoTooEAniED 111 V M I IA
9r*fc THE NEW
i«tDay. sSu-^Ba, ?[ija^a CDCfJf S !!
tmr ioth Day. »s« >BL 7T rntiiunn
ViTALIS sothD * *-•'" RCliniY
PRODI CKH IIIK AIIUVK 30th Day. ll bill kll II ■
RESULTS. It quickly k sorely remoTrs Nervousness, tx»s«i, Evil
Dr'anis.Wastms: Diseases 4 all effects of self-abu<e or exceoet A
indiscrrtions. Restores Lost Vitality, Power * Fulling Memory.
Warts off Insanity «nd Consumption. Cures when all otber^tsil.
Insist on harici VITAXIB, no other. Can be carried in net
pocket By miU 41.00 per package or six for ♦:..«M» with i
guarantee to Cure or Refund the MonrT. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET CURE CO., SS Dearborn St.. Chlcnso
S. 1 in Sin Francisco and Oakland by the Owl Drug Co
TIERCE'S
%*& FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTiON
H FOR WEAKWOfVaEW. |
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUfILIU AND ATTOKNKY-AT-I.AW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, S2l California St.. below Powell,
San Francisco.
X' %
mRi^T~^7sF^SSS^
purrnnußi c rner F ° urtn and
|.flrP .'Kllllll .■ ou " 'special ' Brew
UM L lIU I nLr-ovcroa^rnd
Valises checked free.
an Italian rancher named Gaier. living
near Tropico, this county, shot and killed
herself last night on the way home from
a social gathering at a neighboring ranch.
No cause is known for the act.
. ♦ .
A man usually finds it a hard job to get
a soft one.
I Transcontinental tourists and trar- t
Si.!, 1 ! '«» a " over the United S«at»» f
enow their appreciation of the excel- *
.ence of tha 4
PALACE I
grand :;
|| &j^£tt£^'*ZSzsz ::
hundred rooms. »no with baths— larks' i
1 and finest In the world
■ . . J ?" N C _ KIRKPATRICK. STanairer. ]',
Lx*\M n B,iBI L |Xai!^j^O[^t3
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pirn, J. ESPJC ; New York, E. FOUOERA & CO
SOLD BY AH, DRUGGISTS.
DDTTCIJT7C FOR barbers, bak-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries", laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
SHE CALIFOHNIA COLLE3E OF DENTAL
SUHOERY, .
Corner McAllister and I.arkin streets, Is now
open for the admission of students. Apply to
S. W. DENNIS. M. D., D. D. S.. dean at the
college, or A. D. GLEAVES. D. D. 8., assistant
dean, 412 Parrott building.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer. and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE 813 FOLSOM ST.
Bi? ** lr ' * oon-noi-rroia
< »« > <^BB3EB» TI^*C>JSB remedy for Gonorriuaa,
J&»sr [ C'UHEb^EaJ Gleet, Sjormatorrhiei,
gi&j? in Hos(laj«.^3 White?, nnn&turai li».
Mil Ouaxmateed j| charges, or any innsiT>rna»
K"tj cci to atrtotore. tion. irritation or uiccra-
n*' A P»Teot« cooMpan. tbn of mucous mem-
gSa^TKEEvANSCHEMirn f!o, bran< »• Non-Mtringent.
I£g&CI)<SIN.SATI.O.HB| S ° ld by OruirjriM*.
*atS^. c " a 4&4 0r sent ' 1J Pl'in wrapper,
MMk'" _irfyll hj express, propuiJ, lot
V&B&toBa&'&m I 1 0 ' or 3 bottlee, ?2.74.
n ** v H2sg*3 t V IS OirvoiM wet Ob smzat%,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 Market.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
34
2Oest
DISASTROUS
LAYOUT FOR
THE TALENT
Five Choices at Tanforan
Were Humbled— Yule Left
at the Post.
Of all the frightfully bad days the tal
ent has experienced this season, the six
short Innings played with the bookies at
Tanforan Park yesterday were the most
expensive. After the victory of Sardine,
the L'orrigan filly, which enjoyed a cake
walk as usual, the momenta following
were thoso of anguish for speculators.
Five straight favorites were knocked off
thfir pins, and the books reaped an un
heard ot harvest. i 'aldwell, the "Prince
of American start* left Yule, thfe
heavily backed favorite, for the second
event, burning up a carload of coin, and
Torlbio, another plunged on choice, was
turned half sideways when the webbing
was released.
The. win of Judge Wofford caused about
as much consternation as any during the
afternoon. With 9S pounds up and 40 to 1
in the betting, he won the third event
In a gallop from Lena, another outsider.
Corrigan's O. B. Morris finished a groggy
third, two lengths before Schiller. The
latter opened at 3 to 2 and closed 11 to 5.
The opening scramble was only a romp
for Sardine. She was a stake mare thrown
In -with a bunch of platers. Druidesa ran
second, two lengths ahead of Kickumbob.
After Caldwell had left Yule, the
plunged-on favorite, at the post, the sec
ond event, at live rind a half furlongs,
proved easy for Earl Islington, ridden by
■Burns. Monda took the place from Lo
thian.
. Again In the third number Caldwe-ll let
the : inch away with Torlbio, backed
from fours to 3 to 8, not headed to the
barrier. As a result Coda downed the out
sider, Flamaway, with ease. Ricardo ran
third. 1- ;
Lodestar, at odds of 10 to 1, captured
th* live and a half furlong spin, fifth on
thei programme, also ridden by Burns.
Mocorito and Rio t.'hico raced their heads
off out in fr.mt, and Hums landed his
mount a comfortable winner two lengths
in front of the favorite, Mocorito. J.
Walsh rode the second choice. Potente.
about as well as a Chinese laundryman,
finally getting the show.
My Gypsy was favorite for the closing
mile run, and was nosed out by Zoroaster,
a 3 to 1 chance, piloted by J. Martin.
Meadowthorpe also ran.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for this afternoon's
running events:
First race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; sell
ing
274 Champion E05e..107! 268 Coming: Event. -.104
31ft Kickumbob lOSI ... Alary' Garter. ..loß
3f>4 Tizona- J*)| 256 March Seven — 102
2«n Choteatf I" I *' 2?S Rneetto 107
tt>4)Glro 112 310 Silver Tall 109
?JS The Buffoon loTl
■ S<-er>nd race— mile; three-year-olds:
...Obsidian 117 289 El Estro 102
30G Casilalo . . IJ6 252 .\oma 94
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling:
307, Mike Rice.. 107 305 Wllmeter .... 107
z;:{ Glen Ann 104 2<3 Alarla 102
:•:•.'. <"rok.r 10S 2C* Jlngla Jingle.... 99
C-M;\Vy,.ming 107
-'
Fourth race— Stanford stakes; seven furlongs;
two-year-olds; $1200:
202 Diomed 110! 212 Bit of Fashion. .lls
... Adv. Guard 113 (29S)St. Caelmir 110
3M Hunlock ....:...103n24»)Bathos 113
2SI MWlty 110 i 2t-2 Kitty Kelly n>
.-.. Flamora 1101
— ■■■
FJfth race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
>>ar-old» and upward; j»sTSt?
3<-0 Kapldo l"". 257 Los Medanos....lo7
»-7 IK.n l.vis 107J.307 Sorrow 107
301 Chimura SS: (312)Judee 'A'offord.. 98
_ -■.;:-.
Htxth race— Five furlongs; handicap; three
year-ofds and upward:
311 Luthian 85' 314 Aluminum 92
3<j7 Montallade S7: 224 Sly 107
... Kin^ Carnival..lOsi(3u7)Afamada 110
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Giro. Alary'a Garter, The Buffoon.
Second race — Casdale, El Estro, Obsidian.
Third race— Alaria, "Wyoming. Mike Rice.
Fourth race— Bit of Fashion, St. Casimir. Ad
vance Guard.
Fifth race— Chimura, Ijos ' sanr>f», Don Luis.
Sixth race— Afamada, King Carnival, Sly.
Thoroughbreds at Auction.
The thoroughbred yearlings from the !
Burlinfiame stock farm were sold at the
Occidental Horse Exchange last evening-.
The youngsters presented a fine appear
ance when led into ■ tie ring, and realized
fair prices. Some yearlings? from Flosden
stock farm also -passed under the ham
mer.
The Purllngame youngsters brought the
following prices: Dance Along, b. c by
Long Dance-Emmallne. $300, \V. Fisher
Sublime, oh. f., by imp. Lord Esterling-
Hanemone. $200. J. Douglass; Kid Hamp
ton, ■;. c, by Imp. Bathampton-I Declare
$410, Bucklpy Johnson: Brutal, eh. c, by
imp. Brutus-Fonna, $625, Buckley John
r-on; L>uca. I', f., by Sam Lucas-imp Clif
fle, $990; E. Corrigan: Aphrodis, b f. by
Flambeau-Geneva, $450, Buckley Johnson;
Bullock, b. <■.. by Loyalist-imp. Bridget
$130, J. Smith; The Fiddler, b.. c. by Fal
petto-Cachura. $800, W. Larzalere; Gladia
b. f.. by Potonr.ac-Garoga, $575, Daggle
Smith; I Tarsia mb. b. C, by Sam Lucas-
Lillian RusselL $600, Buckley Johnson;
Count Hubert, b. c. by imp. Mariner-
Phoebe, $175, 11. Swalding; Lassitude, eh.
1., by Falsetto- Jersey Lass, $350 Buckley
Johnson: Billtls, b. 1., by Racine-Muster
?l'"", il. Bertola<
The Flosden yearlings sold as follows-
El Kara. eh. g., by El Rayo-Kathleen
$150; T. Crowley; Libbio Elklns, b. f by
Libertine-Minnie Klkins, $600, W. Larza
lere; Lurayo, eh. f.. by El Rayo-Luclnda
$*0. Ed Tierney; eh. f by El Rayo-Mlss
Jessie. $110, v. B. Sink Jr.: Faenza, b. f.
by El Rayo-Francesca 11, $100, W. Larza
lere.
Al F. by Almont-Eda, was knocked
Mineral
Waters
All the popular medicinal
mineral waters are here at cut
rates too. Prices quoted are
for single bottles — cheaper
by the case..
Buffalo Lithia, 60 cents.
Appoiinaris Water, 20 cents.
Bartlett Water, 25 cents.
Hunyadi Janos, 30 cents.
Vichy Water, 30 cents. ;
. Veronica Water, 40 cents.
Bythinia Water, 20 cents.
Apenta Water, 20 cents.
Ozonate Lithia Water, 25 cents.
Free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on orders of $5 or up.
jf^SL^ 1128 MARKET ST
fTft*;* »-K^ ■ SAN FRANCISCO
10th AND BROADWAY, Oakland
Sporting Slants from All Over the World.
down for $195, and Tollytot, by St. Carlo-
Mother Hubbard. for $300. to W. Larza
lere. Both were bred at the farm of Dr.
C E. Farnum.
NOT A FAVORITE WINS.
Talent Out of Luck at the Bennings
Racetrack.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— The -talent
was unable to pick a single winner at the
Bennings track to-day. Results:
Selling, three-year-olds and upward: seven
furlongs— Lindula won. Strangest second. The
Gardner third. Time. 1:29.
Maiden two-year-olds; five furlongs —
won. Juggler II second, lievenah third. Time,
l:0SH.
Oni- mil* and 100 yards— Rare Perfume won.
Bangor Bee Dd, Weller third. Time, 1:49%.
Highwelght, selling, for all ages, ten pounds
above the scale: six furlongs— Sweet CaporaJ
won, J. A. Gray second. Deceptive third. Time,
1:16.
Four-year-olds and upward; one and a six
teenth miles— Chargrace won, Maurice second.
Kilt third. Time, 1:52.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 14.— Weather cloudy
at Newport; track fast. Results:
Five furlongs; , two- year-old maidens Fleet
ing Moments won, Julia Rose second. Princess
Jo third, Time. 1:02.
One mile and fifty yards; Belling— Aureole
won. Dr. Withrow second, Piccola third. Time.
1:45. ,
Seven furlongs— Azucena won, Kunja second.
Farm Life third. Time, 1.25>4. '
Handicap, two-year-olds: six • furlongs— J. Lu
cille won, Foneda second, Avenstoke third.
Time, 1:16.
One mile. selling— Acushla won. Gold Fox
second. Be True third. Time. . 1 :40%.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— Weather clear;
track good. Results:
Six furlongs— Terralene won. Odea second,.
Lacarina third. Time, 1:19%:
One and a sixteenth miles; selling I^nnep
won, Astor second. Plantain third. Time,
1:62&
Six furlongs; selling— O'Connell won, Bru
lare second, Little Jack H »rner third. Time.
One mile— Latch Key won, Josephine B sec
ond, Volandles third. Time. 1-43"*.
Seven furlongs— The Unknown won, Kitty G
second, Alice Turner third. Time. 1:33'-i.
Six and a half furlongs— Evelyn Byrd won,
Refugee second, O-wyhee third. Time. 1:26.
CHARGES ARE EXCESSIVE.
Cable Companies Asked to Make Re
ductions to Asiatic Cities.
The growing commerce between this
country and the Asiatic cities is greatly
hampered by the cxc- s-r. ph and
cable tariff charged and the merchants
of both sides of the water have deter
mined to secure a reduction if possible.
The matter was brought forcibly to tin
attention of the members of the Cham
ber of Commerce yesterday by a com
munication from the Hongkong General
Chamber of Commerce which asks the co
itlon of the local body to Induce the
rraph and cable companies to reduce
their rates.
eial stress is laid upon the fact that
the rates are excessive and opi
obstruction to the development of trade
his coast and Honpkong. The
board pass.-d a resolutioi I mat
ter be presented to the Western Union
and Postal Telegraph companies, and that
corporations be urged to aa ■
the request of the Hongkong and !
Coast merchants an.l the demands of the
commerce of the two countries.
Aeronaut McPherson Sinking.
Aeronaut Albert McPherson, who fell
from a balloon at Glen Park on Sunday,
October 1, is fast sinking at St. Luke's
Hospital. Since his fall he has been hov
ering between life and death. At times
the physicians had some hope of pulling
him through, although the nature of his
iniurles were such as to almost preclude
his .final recovery. Yet everything that
could be done by medical science was
done for him. During the past two days
inflammation of the brain pet in. and now
the hospital physicians have no hope of
his recovery.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TANFORAU PARK, Tuesday, November 14, 1899. — Ninth day of
the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association." Weather fine.
Track heavy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1899.
GARDINER
GETS THE
DECISION
Defeats "Jack" Hamilton, But
Lacks His Old -Time
Form.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov.. 14.— Oscar Gardiner,
the •'Omaha Kid," got the decision after
a twenty-five-round bout at 124 pounds
from Jack Hamilton of Troy. X. V., to
night at the Broadway Athletic Club.
The victor was not "the Gardiner of a
year ago. Hamilton at all times was
more forcible and had the greater weight
behind his blow. Gardiner was the clean
er-cul In his delivery and execution, but
from : : :.- start it was palpable that he
was suffering, from the old complaint of
weak hands. Both wrists- went back on
him from the .very beginning and at the
linish they were very weak.
Fighter Breaks an Arm
SIOUX CITY. lowa, Nov. 14.— Australia:
Billy Murphy and' Larry Gleason foughi
here to-night before the Lennox Athletic
Club. In the sixth round Murphy broke
his arm and had to quit, and though h«
had decidedly the better of it, the deci
sion \v:is .'iv.-Ti in (:!i'is.>!i
Hanley Knocks Out Lyman.
DUNKIRK.N V. Nov. 14.— Jack • Han
ley of rhlea.R-ii knocked- out Jim Lyman of
I'unkirk In four rounds to-night.
A 'MASHER"' CONVICTED.
'■■ William Smith, an ex-Bellboy, Will
Get Three Months From Judge
Treadwell This Morning.
William Smith, who was employed as a
■ >y-in (he Baldwin Hotel at the time
. lias developed Into a "masher!"
- rday convicted by Judge
iwi-ll on a charge "f disturbing the
I ordered in: > custody to appear
for 6< ntence this morning:.
The evidence showed that Mrs. Annie
Robii ' " Mission street was walk
mg the south side of Market b treat,
between Fourth and 'Fifth, about l
k Saturday morning to meet, her
husband, J. J. Robinson, who is employed
It's pi Btaurant, when
Smith, who was standing In front of the
Royal, accosted her by asking her
how all her friends In Vallejo were. Mrs.
Robinson told him he had made a mis
take, but he persisted that he was right
and continued to follow her.
When she met her husband she in
formed him of Smith's conduct and he
after Smith and demanded, to
know why he had Insulted his wife.
Smith apologized, but Robinson was not
Bed, and Smith used language that
was not parliamentary. Robinson yelled
for thf p >lice and Smith ran across Mar
ket Btreet, where he was caught by
men Purves and Hayd.-u. Tho
Jud^e told Smith that there was no ex
cuse for his conduct and notified him to
send for his blankets, as he would sen
tence him to three months in the County
.Ti'il this morning.
Dinner to Sir Thomas I/.pton.
LONDON, Nov. 14.— Sir Thomas Upton
was Riven a dinner of welcome at the
in this evening. Joseph H. ChoatA,
r, Mrs. Choate,
the Karl and Countess clan William,
Lord and Lady Tweedmouth, I^ord Rus
sell of Kllloween, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Russell, Herbert Gladstone, Liord and
Lady Charles Beresford and the Earl of
I'cirk were among the distinguished com
pany present.
CALIFORNIAN WHO HELPED
TO WIN A CHAMPIONSHIP
JAMES HUGHES, THE CRACK PITCHER, TO PERFORM HERE.
FOLLOWERS of the national game In this city will be pleased to learn
that James Hughes, the Sacramento boy who so materially aided the
Brooklyn Club to carry off the championship for 1599, will pitch for
the All-Californlan aggregation in their game with the Sacramento
team on Thanksgiving day. Hughes has shown wonderful Improve
ment In his chosen position during his two seasons with the National League,
and the "fans" who have been watching the Californian's career In the East
will derive much pleasure in prelnp him pitted acainst the team on which he
first came into prominence. Umpire "Jim" McDonald has chosen him to fill
the "points" in the Initial game, and he has acted wisely, as Hughes will prove
a big drawing card.
James Hughes was born in Sacramento on January 23, 1574, and learned
the rudiments of the game in that city. In 1596 he signed with the Victoria
i !'•. C.) Club of the Pacific Northwestern League, which disbanded early in
the season. Hughes then gave very little promise of developing into a Na
tional League star. He next joined the Gilt Edges, and his speed and control
of the sphere soon brought him. into prominence as a "twirler." When the
Baltimore Club, champions of 1597, visited this coast they played the Gilt
Edges at the capital. Hughes" pitching was so effective that the champions
were 6hut out, much to the surprise of everybody. Upon the recommendation
of Hughey Jennings, the famous shortstop, he was signed by the Baltimore
Club and made his debut In IS9S. In his first game he disposed of the Wash
ington Club, allowing; one hit off his delivery and but one run was scored.
In April, 1898, he shut out the Bostons without a hit or run, and later held
tha champions of the season to one run and two hits, all of which stamped
him as being a pitcher of high order. Brooklyn cast covetous eyes on the
California!) and managed to secure him at a high price. During the season
that just closed he made a splendid showing. A writer In Sporting Life said
of him: "As a consistent performer Hughes of the Brooklyns tops all the
league pitchers, having won twenty- six out of the thirty-two league games
he officiated In the season of 1599. There are eight pitchers who had a per
centage of 1000, but only one of them pitched in more than two games, so that
Hughes must be credited as the real leader of the league pitchers." Hughes'
record was twenty-six games won out of thirty-two.
IS THE HISTORIAN OF
HER WARRIOR'S GLORY
MRS. GENERAL GEORGE E. PICK
ETT HERE ON A VISIT.
An Authoress of Note Who Is the
Widow of One Soldier and the
Mother of Another.
Mrs. General George E. Pickett, widow
of the famous Confederate commander
•who led the desperate charge at Gettys
burg, is a guest at the Palace, where she
arrived yesterday from Washington, D. C.
Her trip across the continent is taken
with the solo purpose of seeing and say
ing good-by to her son, Major George E.
Pickett of the United States pay depart
ment, who leaves on Thursday for the
Philippines.
Of General Pickett nothing can ba said
that is not already history. A born sol
di.-r and lighter of the old romantic chlv
alrlc sort, he made his name famous al
most as soon as he donned the shoulder
straps of a lieutenant after his gradua
tion from West Point. For several years
he was stationed on this coast. It was
he whn planted the stars and stripes on
the tower of the City of Mexico and it
was he who defied the whole British fleet
at San Juan Island, Puget Sound, when
England was trying to grab the territory
which now belongs to vi.
Of General Plckett's military career in
the ranks of the Confederacy too much
cannot be said. As a leader of men he
bad no peer, and had it been possible for
one man to win victory' f° r tn « cause
which was lost it was such a man as the
one who pushed his lines right up to the
flaming crater of Little Round Top that
the South would have worshiped as its
greatest hero.
Since the death of her husband Mrs.
Pickett has devoted herself to literature
with the result that she is to-day one of
the recognized writers of the latter part
of the century.
Her latest work. "Pickett and His Men,"
a story of her husband and his military
career, has Just come from the publish
ers. It Is a volume bound In Confederate
gray, full of stirring incidents, many of
which were personally witnessed by the
authoress, told with a fire and in a style
that carries the reader along despite him-
Belf and makes him imagine that he
lives, for the time being, among the fa
mous personages and great events that
are recounted.
Mrs. Pickett has a book In press which
treats of the first case of hypnotism on I
record in this country. It Is dealt with
in the form of a romance, with its chief
scenes in Washington, New York and
New Orleans. It is cleverly written, well
constructed and full of excellent situa
tions and clever dialogue.
Following the appearance of this book
Mrs. Pickett promises to give to the read
ing public a volume of short sketches,
which she says will treat of the negro,
his legends and superstitions in a manner
as new as it Is correct to the character
of the colored race. Most of the stories
that it will contain are taken fr.om tales
told Mrs. Pickett by her old Virginia col
ored "mammy," who was wont to take
this way of amusing her young white mis
treps.
Mrs. Pickett will probably leave the lat
ter part of the week for her home in
Washington, D. C.
BERNARD WARD CONVICTED.
Found Guilty of Embezzlement on
the First Ballot Cast.
Bernard Ward, walking delegate of the
Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union,
was convicted by a jury In Judge Dunne's
court yesterday morning of having em
bezzled $4uoo from the organization
named. The verdict, which was reached
on the first ballot, came as a surprise, as
a disagreement or acquittal waa expected.
It is claimed by the d< fendant's attorneys
that the prosecution failed even to estab
lish the corpus delicti, and that when the
case goes before the Supreme Court the
Judgment will be reversed. Patrick
Rogers has already been convicted of hav
ing embezzled the union fund?, and John
Dougherty is awaiting trial on a similar
charge.
At the Steeplechase.
There was a large attendance at the
Steeplechase, Central Park, last evening.
The new attractions were of a high order
and met with favor in the eyes of the
large audience. The Jeffrtes-Fitzsimmons
light is a faithful reproduction of the
great battle fought some months ago
Captain Beach, the water king, lived up to
his title, and Professor Hill did some mar
velous balancing on the high wire. The
Jolly Razzle-dazzle and the many novel
ties of famous Coney Island were in full
blast. The horses were liberally patron
izea and there were some exciting rides
on the wooden steeds fur prizes The
steeplechase furnishes a good evening's
.•ntertalnment, and should be crowded the
rest of the w^k.
GRAND PRODUCTION OF
"THE MASKED BALL"
Those who omitted to attend the per
formance of "The Masked Ball" at the
Tlvoli last evening missed a musical treat
the like of which has seldom been wit
nessed in this city. Taking on one side
the extremely melodious music which
Verdi composed for this work and on the
other the excellent talent which consti
tuted the cast, it is most assuredly a pity
that such efforts do not meet with that
appreciation which is by right their due.
In short it was a performance which was
easily worth two and three dollars Al
though Signorita Poletini had no oppor
tunity to show what she can do, the little
that came to her lot was executed with
that refinement of interpretation which
is so much admired in Salassa and Ave
dano. Salassa, owing to a transposition
of the orchestral score, became somewhat
confused in the third act, but he soon
picked up his thread and sang that mag
nificent romanza in a manner that will
long linger in the memory of those who
were fortunate enough to hear it. Ada
Palmer Walker made her first great hit,
receiving not less than four encores.
ALFRED METZGER.
Big Theatrical Benefit.
Messrs. P. H. Frledlander, John Mor
rlsey, Harry Morosco and Mark Thall,
comprising 1 the committee on the charity
benefit for the Associated Theatrical
Managers' fund of San Francisco, met at
the Alcazar yesterday morning and fixed
the prices for the big performance in aid
of their fund that will take place at the
Orpheum Thursday afternoon, December
14.
The programme will In every respect
equal tha*- given In aid of the reception
fund for returning volunteers last
August, and reserved seats will be $1 on
the ground floor and 50 cents in the gal
lery. Box seats will command $1 50. The
Theatrical Publishing Company will issue
a souvenir for the occasion that promises
to eclipse anything of a similar character
ever published here before.
30 Days Trial.
After 30 years of success In the treatment of disease by af JgSlsW
Electricity, lam pleased to be able to offer on 30 days' trial to mr 6 *'** JPNfP
any one in any part of the world who is sincere and honest my ffl i^fi^N JhbSSEL.
Dr. Sanden Electric Belt. dl^llSßlk
All electrodes are covered. No burning or blistering. Im- fM
proved Aug. 15 last. New and scientific appliances. Cures, with- Wjk mm
UUI Uolllg Ul UgOf ■ COPYRIGHTED QfiSS
Nervous Debility, Varicocele,. Lame Back, Rheumatism, Etc.
o .r a «fl AU 1 I 0i N r B ,. c ? rare of ?"? 0I ?. e outssde of my offices who may have the Dr. Sanden Belt fo- «ale I* emnlov no
agents, uMy latest improved Appliances can be had only from me direct and under my personal adv cc Ant & <te.n
den Be t offered by outsiders must be of obsolete pattern, fifteen to thirty years old Mv l^est M h^nn^,i j
I offer it on thirty days' trial. Pay only after you are satisfied with results My little^book sent f or th -fskinl Fith^r
call on me in person at my office or write to-day. Free consultation. Hours 9 to 6. Sundays :0 to 1. asking. Either
Ftp? TT £k C A j\f r> E? J\7 18 Third St.. San Francisco. Cal. 119'o South Spring
* yil- M ' **' I***+t\M*fM-Jillf St., Los Angeles. Cal. Russel Bld«.. Portland. Or.
ROOT THE
CHOICE OF
BETTING MEN
The Chicagoan Made a Pro
nounced Favcrite Over Greg
gains in Eoxing Bout.
The meeting of boxers "Jack" Root and
Alex Greggains. before the Western Ath
letic Club at Woodward's Pavilion to
night gives promise of being one of the
most stubbornly contested bouts seen in
this city in many months. Root comes
from Chicago with the prestige of an un
broken string of victories in the ring dur
ing the past two years. Greggains has
not seen much active service during that
period, but this does not mean that his
hands and eyes have lost their cunning in
the art of attack and defense.
Hr has had boxing gloves on every day
imparting the rudiments of the game to
athletes of every size and all degrees of
ability. Physically he is as sound to-day
as when he boxed Sharkey, Choynski.
Stelzner and others of the heavy-weight
division. His gameness has never been
questioned and as a defensive fighter he
should have a few equals owing to all hid
practice with the gloves.
Root brings with him from Chicago all
the latest ideas and fashions in the world
of fisticuffs. He has been a principal In
Important ring battles ami lias had oppor
tunities of st'i'inK the beat boxers in ac
tion. The visiting horsemen have a high
a of his ability, as the weight of
their money has made him a pronounced
favorite In the betting. This opened at
Harry Corbett's at 10 to 7 and quickly re
ceded until yesterday it was 2 to 1. It is
will be the prevailing fig
ures when the men enter the ring.
The preliminaries promise well. Fred
Ast and "Jack" Weedy and "Toby" Ir
wln and "Jack" Ennis are well matched
brar.-s of boxers. Ast is clever and a hard
hitter, while Weedy is a second Sharkey
in the way he accepts punishment that
would stop another man. Both have
trained as faithfully as the men in the
principal bout. Ast has spent his time
during the conditioning period with Greg
gains, at the Six-Mile House, while
W< edy has done his work with Root.
They have gono on daily Jaunts down the
Haywards road together and have
rouerhed it in their improvised gymna
sium. There, is no question as to the con
dition of any of the boxers who will meet
in the ring to-night.
The question as to a referee was one
on which it seemed impossible for the
men to agree. After a number had been
proposed by each man and rejected
promptly by the other, they decided that
"Big Bill" "Lange, the ball player, could
safely be trusted as arbiter. Mr. Lange
politely yet firmly declined the honors
thus thrust upon him. The combatants
met a^ain last night, and lost but little
time In agreeing upon Charles 11. Long.
He is manager of the Western Athletic
Club, which is promoting the bout, and Is
a veteran of the ring.
Will Race the Valkyrie.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GREENOCK, Nov. 14.— 1t Is reported
that William Clark of Paisley and
Newark, N. J., owner of the steam yacht
Tuscarora, intends purchasing the Val
kyrie to meet the Shamrock and Co
lumbia in the races in 1900 In British
waters.
Her Brother Dying.
Chief Lees received a dispatch yester
day from Goldfield, Colo., asking him to
find Jane Connor, as her brother "Bob"
was dying there.
CITY GETS JUDGMENT
FOR VALUABLE LANDS
For want of prosecution, the action of
Eleanor Martin against the city and
county of San Francisco, in which the
plaintiff sought to prove an alleged title
to almost the entire block bounded by
O'Farrell, Geary, Scott and Pierce streets,
has been dismissed. This property in
cludes the Girls' High School and many
residences, and the plaintiff claimed that
the city was in unlawful possession. The
suit was filed in March of 1572. Regard
ing the motion to dismiss Judge Hunt
said:
"I have no doubt as to the power of the
nisi prius court in the premises. In th*
Jeffords case, a precedent cited, the de
lay was for a period of time less than five
years; here the delay is over twenty
years. I therefore reel constrained to
grant the motion, and the dismissal is
hereby ordered."
Eastern Star Elections.
Mission Chapter No. 155, Order of the
Eastern Star, has elected the following
officers for the ensuing term: Mrs. Alice
Francis Hickie, worthy matron; George
Daniel Flack, worthy patron; Mrs. Hattle
Ann McPhun, associate matron; Mrs
Mary Garton Foster, secretary (re-elect
ed); Mrs. Sarah Maria Flack, treasurer
(re-elected): Mrs. Sarah Ann Cox, con
ductress; Mrs. Elizabeth Christenson, as
sociate conductress.
Beulah Chapter has elected Mrs. Kate
Bareilles worthy matron, John Baraille
worthy patron, Mrs. Fannie Ayers asso
ciate matron. Miss Bertha L. Hare secre
tary (re-elected), Mrs. J. Baraille treas
urer, Mrs. Helen Mangels conductress,
Mrs. A. Small associate conductress.
Ivy Chapter has elected Mrs. Frances
Bonifleld worthy matron, Roy T. Kim
ball worthy patron, Mrs. Harriet T. Noah
associate matron, Miss Eva D. Salsbury
secretary (re-elected fifth term), Mrs.
Carrie A. Anthony treasurer (re-elected
twenty-second term>, Mrs. Charlotte Tis
dale conductress, Mrs. Minnie Wallls as
sociate conductress.
Women's Industrial Union.
The Women' 3 Educational and Indus
trial Union held its annual meeting last
evening. The reports of the different
committees showed that the union main
tained classes in dressmaking, millinery,
halrdressing. manicuring, English, Ger
man, French, Spanish, singing, violin,
painting, guitar and cooking, at a nom
inal fee. During last winter the cooking
lessons were given free, and they will
Oast
MEDALS FOR
THE EXPERT
FLY-CASTERS
The Champion Rod-Wielders
Gather at Banquet Board and
Renew Old Friendships.
The annual "medal" dinner of the San
Francisco Fly-Casting Club was he.
night. It proved one of the most c
able functions ever participated in by the
rod-wielders, who divide their tim
tween the placid waters of Stow Lake In
Golden Gate Park and the rushing trout
streams of the Sierras.
Judge John Hunt was toastmaster, a:
being at his best was inimitable. Thi
was an atmosphere of fraternity and com
radesliip about the gathering, and Judg
Hunt's gentle wit, tree from any Bting,
kept those in attendance in an uproui.
His presentation speeches hit off not
the foibles of those receiving priZd.
their work during the year but also
of the other members present. The last
prize was a large and highly ornameniu.i
leather medal lor the poorest angler in
the club. This went to Alex Vogelsang.
:-ty because lie is in reality one of
the cleverest anglers on the coast. Tha
medalists of the year are:
Champion class, delicacy, accuracy
and distance— W. D. Mansfield. Record
cast, 133 feet. Accuracy, C. G. Young,
1C per cent.
First class— Charles Huyck; distance,
120 feet; delicacy, tv-h per oent Spe
cial medals for l-\ H. Reed and Cap
tain J. S. Turin, r.
Second class — Mr. Brotherton; dis
tance cast, 117 feet.
The history of the club is the story of
the development of fly-casting In America,
as there is but one other club which fos
ters the sport, the Chicago Fly-Casting
Club. To K. T. Alien Is accorded the
credit of having suggested the introduc
tion of organized fly-casting here. This
was during the Midwinter Fair, when the
first contest in <!ist;i •■'••: casting was won
by Flint of Sacramento with a cast of 81
feet. Mr. Mansfield's second cast thin
year is 133 feet, although he has exceeded
this in unauthenticated trials. Twenty
years ago the recorci was 70 feet, and then
102H feet was the mark for nine years
until Harry Golcher exceeded It. Mr.
Golcher has since run his record up to 126
feet. The best record in Chicago Is I^7
feet.
Those who enjoyed the festivities of the
evening were:
Walter D. Mansfield, Judge John Hunt,
Judge Seawell, E. T. Allen, Colonel
George C. Edwards, A. Carman. Alex
Vogelsang, Hermann Muller, John A.
Sanborn, G. W. Watson, A. B. Finch, C.
G. Young, Judge I'ierce, Adolph Muller,
Charles Kline, A. E. Lovett, William Das
senville, H. G. W. Dinkelspiel, Edgar Su
tro F. K. Lane, Professor C. M. Walker,
William Lawrence, C. T. Lagercrantz,
George Walker, W. A. Cooper, Charles
Huyck, H. C. Wyman. F. M. Haight, J.
P. Babcock, F. H. Reed, I. R. D. Grubb,
J. S. Turner. Frank Marquis, Henry
Skinner, John Butler. Oliver Haslett,
Fred Johnson. "Dr." Watt, Henry Lans
berger, F. B. Surryhne, Frank McLennan,
J. de Witt, F. G. Sanborn, Harry Golcher,
R. Eisenberg, H. Battu and W. F. Bo
gart.
Gift From Carnegie.
TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 14.— Andrew Car
negie, the millionaire, in a letter to M. W.
Pittock, the well-known newspaper writer
of Arizona, offers the city of Tucson $25 -
000 to pay for a public library building
provided the city furnishes a site and
agrees to maintain the institution at an
annual cost of $2000.
be resumed this winter. Every first
Tuesday evening in the month a fine mu
sical programme is provided free to all
women and their escorts, and on the sec
ond Tuesday evening a free lecture on
some instructive and interesting subject
is delivered. The following officers for
the coming year were all re-elected and
installed: Jlrae. Louise A. Sorbier, presi
dent; Mrs. P. D. Hale. Mrs. Nellie Bless
ing Eyster* and Mrs. Paris Kilburn,
vice presidents; Mrs. Marguerite Kapp
recording secretary; Miss Marie }: Sor
bier, corresponding secretary. Associate
directors— Mrs. Margaret Deane Mrs Dr
Cachot. Mrs. Louis Glass, Mrs. Joseph
Spear, Mrs. W. M. Searby. Honorary and
advisory board— Judge M. Cooney M ii
de Young, Hon. Mayor Phela'n. S. J."
Hendy, Joseph Spear, Mrs. Richard
Chute, Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Mrs S J
Hendy, Mrs. H. Highton. Mrs. M H. do
loung.
JEWELRY HELD BY POLICE.
Suspicion That Murdered Woman's
Possessions Are Stolen Property.
The Coroner's deputies are holding the
jewelry which was found on the body of
Delia Tracy, the woman who was mur
dered in a Turk-street lodging-house last
week, at the request of the police. It
consists of several rings, a watch and
chain and various other ornaments. The
supposition is that a portion of it is
stolen property and the detectives desire
time in which to make an investigation
before relinquishing their hold on any
thing which might become a matter of
evidence.
A man named Wilson is desirous of ob
taining possession of the watch. He ex
hibits a bill of sale from one of the Dar
tles intimate with the woman. His re
quest for possession has been refused un
til the police end their researches De
tective Ed Gibson has the case in charge
Bun Over by Trucks
T. Ward, a teamster, llvine at 82
Hampshire street, backed into a truck at
Fourth and Berry streets yesterday
morning and was thrown out of his
wagon. One of the wheels of the truck
went over his chest and badly lacerated
his right ear.
o J - F. p rescott, an artist, living at
San Rafael, was riding a bicycle vester
?/ m vS mln ,f' when he collided wl'th an
other bicyclist on Market street between
Fourth and- Fifth. He fell in front of "
truck and one of the wheels passed over
his chest and bruised his face Both nu -i
were taken to the Receiving Hospital.
r>3£ er V 8 nelther disappointment nor
pucker in an unexpected kiss.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wearying, ceaseless backache. — - *?
Dull, exhausting and constant pain. T
X No comfort by day. No rest at night. 5
X Aches in the small of the back, pain low X
? down in the side. No spirit for any task, no
Jx hope for relief. Great numbers of women are
>5 not free from backache from one year's end
to another. yJ l^ Yff}&
£ Among Mrs. Pinkham's victories 8 SiVffii fi's 5J3 5'
4^ there is none more complete than \ -■■-■■
that over backache, and the cvi- ! ' i^-^-^s^
backache and nervous pr> ?- / ffImSSBE&. \ I
*< the time, had headache and jfejj[} ,/™hT ftwVHlJflL I
jC your Compound ~e Hni^^^Wß^^HßS^Hß I
yP also used x': - Wash Hffi i ftHf I fllßffßSßl wfiffl
nich., found that her back- /^^^^^^^^-^ (^\
K& and was very nervous. / / 111 Pi *T
>C I resolved to try your medicine and took two bottles ' !I ( / W^
%& of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and on " $
/} taking the third a tumor was expelled. I was a *&
Ja little frightened and sent for the doctor; and he said that it j*.
NT was fortunate for me that it came away. I got quite well V
$f after that and have your Compound alone to thank for my &
£ recovery; "_,
X It
The safe way to guard against trouble is <£
? to get Mrs. Pinkham's advice when the back-
v ache first appears. A letter to her at Lynn, 5
\ Mass., describing your case fully will receive ?
a prompt reply without charge.
v* " Your Medicine Is a IFrisnd to Women." C?
%? "Dear Mrs. Pinkham— l wish to tell you the great good
A your medicine has done me. Ido not feel like the same $
£ woman. I have suffered terribly. Had womb and kindey JjL
trouble, leucorrhoea, very severe pains in hips and sides
& of abdomen, headache, was nervous, menses "were irregular. &
£ I have now taken four bottles of your Vegetable Compound. I»
and the backache has left me, menses are regular, can sleep ]a
yT well, and awake in the morning feeling much rested. Your
medicine is indeed a friend to women. I wish that I could »^
g tell every woman what a wonderful medicine it ; s. I cannot 49
j£ praise it enough. v — itrs. Anna J. Fenstermaker Pine J
Summit, Pa.
£ Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- %
L pound — A Woman's Remedy
for Woman's Ills. 5
16 The Greatest I $1.00
PAGES. ILLUSTRATED PAPER A YEAR,
■ ' ' OF THE WEST-THE ' ■ ' J
WEEKLY CALL.
*■ -; ■ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1899.
Joldiers^Campsr^J'ransports.
OVERDUE FLEET
CAUSING OWNERS
LITTLE ANXIETY
Change of Wind Wiil
Bring Them In.
♦
MORE SOLDIERS FOR MANILA
♦
SEVERAL TRANSPORTS READY
TO SAIL THIS WEEK.
One of the overdue fleet made port yes
terday and brought some comfort to the
owners of vessels now out an unusually
long time for Puget Sound ports. The
British ship County of Cardigan was 52
days out from Nagasaki for British Co
lumbia and 25 per cent was paid by the
underwriters to reinsure their risks. Yes
terday the ship arrived at Port Townsend,
and Captain Hughes reports having been
driven north by the southeast storms and
had to beat his way back. The local over
due fleet has probably had the game ex
perience. , M
The bark Ferris S. Thompson sailed for
Port Discovery ana the scnooner Ameri
can Girl tor fort Gamble on October 8;
the bark Highland .Light for Departure
Bay on October 11; the snip Louis Walsh
for Tacoma on October 15. and the bark
Germama tor Seattle on October IS. The
supposition la that all these vessels have
bet-n anven past the Straits of jj'uca, and
like the County of Cardigan .will nave to
beat their way back, or three weeks
it has been wing hard along the coast
from the southeast, but yesterday it
chopped around to tie northwest. 11 this
change o£ wind holds good as far north
a* Vancouver Island, then th» overdue
lleet of coasters should be heard from
within the next forty-eight hours.
As against the long passages oeing made
by the Thompson. American Girl, Germa
ma Highland Light and Louis Walsh,
the runs of the C. P. Sargent and Colum
bia stand out in bold relief. The Sargent
left here November 2 for Departure Bay
and made the run in four days. The Co
lumbia left here for Tacoma on November
5 and made the run In five days. Cap
tains Haskell and Nelson went up the
coast in steamboat time, but were careful
not to pass Cape Flattery until they had
a good slant to pass In through the
straits. _ . ,
The transports City of Sydney and
Pathan sailed for Manila yesterday after
noon With the Forty-sixth Regiment. The
men were all put aboard during the day,
and as soon as the orders were given the
transports dropped out into the stream.
The transports Ben Mohr and Senator will
sail to-day; the City of Puebla and St.
Paul next Saturday; the Ohio and Indiana
Monday, November 20. and the Duke of
Fife arid Hancock Tuesday or Wednesday
of next week.
When the Ranger comes down from
Mare Island next week the old hands
along the front will wonder what new
warship Uncle Sam has added to his navy.
Not so very long ago ) he was known as
a sloop-of-war and was bark-rigged. Now
she Is a "fore and after" and will be
classed as a gunboat. A complete new
battery has been added to her outfit, and
she Is* now manned by the crew of the
Badger, that vessel having gone out or
commission. It was originally the inten
tion of the Government to send the
Hanger to the Philippines, but news from
the seat of war tend to show that the sit
uation Is now well in hand, so the Ranger
will remain on the coast.
Captain Rider ha« taken command of
the cruiser Philadelphia, vice Captain
White, who tires on full pay. Captain
Rider was lieutenant commander of the
Narragansett when Admiral Dewey was
captain of that vessel.
The tug Ida W had a hard Time of it
petting the schooner W. F. Wltzemann in
from tea last Monday. There was a very
heavy swell on and the bar was breaking
in places. A very heavy roller struck the
schooner and the steel hawser by which
she was being towed parted. A Manila
hawser followed suit, and for a time the
Fchooner : ■;:• d gunwales under. Captain
James on the tug soon went to her assist
ance, however, and passing another haw
ser aboard ■ wed her in safety into port.
There were a few critical moments for
both tug and schooner after the hawsers
parted, and both captains were glad to
see the fort opening up as they passed in.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia will sail for Honolulu this after
noon. She takes away an unusually valu
able cargo, nearly all the merchandise
being goods for the holiday trade in the
islands. The passenger accommodations
will be taxed to the utmost, as the Aus
tralia is one of the favorite ships in the
trade. ly- : '* ■ '*''■'•<>•''
FOOD POISONERS ARE
STILL AT LARGE
FOUR OF THE VICTIMS WERE
NEAR UNTO DEATH.
A Long Term on Alcatraz Awaits the
"Jokers" if They Are Iden
tified and Convicted.
Four members of Company K. Forty
' second Regiment, are still confined In the
1 Presidio hospital suffering from the ef
- of the croton "II placed in their
food by some persons who are as yet un
known.
Thrse victims are convalescing and will
. be discharged from the hospital, but
j that their cases did not prove fnta! is
! due to the prompt medical treatmf-nt they
received. When first examined the
patients s-howed signs of a severe poison
ing, and were in a sta-t^ of almost total
collapse with pulse barely perceptible.
It was thought at first that their cases
would prove fatal, and it was only after
j severe treatment that any of the patients
show - - if rallying:. Many of ihe
members of the company say that the
poisoning was the result of the hash
' which they ate ;it breakfast becoming
: fermented during the night . but neverthe
they are investigating on their own
> hook and seem anxious to catch the
"Jokers."
As yet there ha* been no formal meet
■ ing of the committee appointed to in-
I vestlgate the affair, though many mem
bers of the company have been inter
-1 viewed.
Some thirty member? of thr company
w«-r-- Interviewed yesterday by members
of the committee, but their testim >ny
was valu less in aiding the commi;:-. •
• on any one or to identify
the perpetrators. The members of the
company are not anxious to shield the
miscreants: far from it, and it will not
be a pleasant interview when the victims
of the cruel Joke have identified the per
petrators.
yesterday afternoon a telephone mes
sage was received at the Presidio stating
that two soldiers had tried to purchnso
some croton oil from a Davis-street dnstc
storf. and that if some one in authority
would visit the store information «
; be given that would lead to the Identity
' r,f the would-be purchasers. A mes'"n.T.r
from the Presidio was at once disp-.
to the location given, but no drugstore
could be found within the b!oc!c nr, r
would any druggist In the vicinity admit
; having sent the message.
The investigation will be continued
! from day to day until some definite c!^w
1 shall have been obtained, and if theps-rpe
trators are Identified nnd convicted there
is no doubt that hard labor at Alcatraz
will be the sentence.
No Big Changes in the Vote.
The Election Commissioners yesterday
completed the official canvass of the votes
in the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth dis
tricts. No significant changes In the semi
official returns were noted. In the Eighth
Precinct of the Twenty-ninth District Bo
land. Democratic Admlnlstrator-elect.
pained five votes and Farnham lost fif
teen. Dodge and Lane pained ten each.
The count will continue at 9 o'clock this
morning.
MARCONI SYSTEM
TO BE OPERATED
IN THE ISLANDS
Company Now Being
Organized.
Marconi's system of wireless telegraphy
Is to be placed in operation aa a means
of communication between the five prln
cipal islands of the Hawaiian group. F. 1
J. Cross, an electrical engineer of Hono- i
lulu, who has been stopping at the Occi
dental, has, after a very thorough inves
tigation of the practicability of the sys
tem, closed a contract with the Wireless :
Telegraph and t-:icrnai Company of Lon
don, the controller of the Marconi pat
ents, for the construction and installation
of a complete plant, to be operated be- :
tween the islands of Hawaii, Oahu. Molo
kai, Maui and Kauai. The contract call*
for the completion of the plant by Feb
ruary 1, 1900.
Mr. Cross has been investigating wire
less telegraphy for several years, and when <
he learned that the United States Gov
ernment was to test the Marconi system !
he went East and participated in the ex- '•
periments conducted between the cruiser
New STork md the battleship Massachu
setts, being on board the former vessel.
These tests so thoroughly satisfied Mr.
Cr< >s that he at once opened negotiations
with Marconi, with the result stated.
"The Marconi system is a most unqual
ified success," said Mr. <'r>ss when seen
• venir.g at the Occidental. "The .jx
periments between the Government vis-
Bla proved ' r ~ practicability beyond ques
tion. The instruments worked perfectly,
with the sending and receiving points
thirty-six mi!*-s apart. There is no limit
to th< in which me.-
be sent by the wireless system. The only
thing that interferes is the curvature of
Lrth. In order to transmit mesc g
ssfully the space between th-- |
must • ■ -ncted. The f-'rr-ates-'
between any "f the islands where
we will operate is sixty-one miles, ai
order to secure a ci.'.ir passage f>>r th^
be sending and receiving
stations will have to I
■ t from the earth's surface."
While Mr Cross owns the Hawaiian
franchise for the Marconi system, it is his
intention to organize a sto''k company as
snort as he returns to the islands. In fact, •
before he left there to Invesl
proposition he was given assurance of
ample financial backing to operate
plant if In his judgment it was a sin
The Hawaiian company will be the rirst
to operate tho Marconi system as a pure
ly commercial enterprise.
Mr tes that Marconi is so
thoroughly satisfied with the success . ■ f
his Invention and so confident of his
lty to demonstrate its gr«-at value that
after Studying the maps of the islands he
said without hesitation that Mr. Cross
might Insert any penalty he desir.-.i In the
contract In case that wir> : iphy
did not prove to be all that its Inventor
claimed for it. Mr. Cross will return to
■ • lulu to-day on the Australia, and
will commence at once the preliminary
work of establishing telegraphic commu
nication between the islands.
AMERICAN TROOPS
PRAISED BY MILES
Report of the Command-
ing General.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— The annual
report of Major General Nelson A. Miles,
commanding the army, was made public
at the War Department to-day. It bears
the date of October IT, 1899, and is ex
tremely brief and formal in character. It
announces the transmission to the Secre
tary of "War of the reports of the depart
ment and staff commanders, and makes
a brief statement of the strength and dis
tribution of the army, including the mus
ter-out of the regiments, most of which
details have already been published in
I the report of the adjutant general.
The report concludes with the follow
ing general statement:
The demand for troops for foreign service
has been unusual and has been somewhat
severe upon them, especially those of the regu
lar army. Within the last eighteen months
several repiments have been required to leave
their stations in the extreme North, move to
the islands of the "West Indies, there engace
in a campaign in summer, return to northern
stations in the autumn arid winter and move
again to tropical islands in the Pacific and
engage in campaign? un.ier the must difficult
circumstances. Rarely In a service have troops
• sperleoced such unusual changes in cliniat- 1
as those above indicated, yet under all cir
cumstance* and at all times the utmost loy
alty, fortitude and faithful performance of duty
have been manifested on the part of thf I
In nearly all enKafr^mfius where thp
have been brought Into contact with the en-my
they have Invariably acted on the offensive
and not in a single Instance have they suf
fered defeat. The intelligence, discipline and
fidelity of both officers and men have been
most commendable.
Owing to the additional and extraordinary
expense placed upon officers while serving in
the Philippine Islands, Cuba. Porto rtteo and
the Hawaiian Islands it Is recommended that
they be allowed the same percentage ■•: ih»
Increase of pay that is now provided by law
for the enlisted men.
It is also recommended that officers of the
army with a creditable record, who served
during the Civil War. shall be gratv
same consideration concerning- rank anil pay
aR has been accorded officers of the navy by
section 11. act approved March 3.
As far as organization is concerned, the army
is in a transition state. It is believed that
the force will be ample for the service required
of It up to the time authorized, viz.: July I.
lfini. It is gratifying to note that the Govern
ment has authorized 8 military force which
seems commensurate with its requirements,
magnitude and Instructions. I have for years
recommended the adoption of a standard In
rtion to the population, viz.; not to ex
ceed one soldier to cvi ■ the popula
tion—and I believe that the establishment of
such a standard would be safe and judicious In
every re?pect.
I uring the past few years rapid progress
has been made in the equipment of the Atlan
tic, Pacific and gulf consts with modern de
!, and If the general plan is carried out
it is hoped that In a !>hnrt time our coasts will
be In a proper condition of defense.
Some very important discoveries have been
made In relation to ordnance, projectiles and
high explosives, and after careful, thorough
and exhaustive tests appliances have V.-^r:
ted which will greatly increase the effi
ciency of our armament.
Natural Laxative Water
Has Merit: c ßeputation : Superiority.
Constipation and Hemorrhoids
IT IS UNEXCELLED.
Beware of Substitutes!
FORTY-EIGHTH'S
LINE OFFICERS
ARE COLORED
Arrival of the Fort
Thomas Regiment.
CROWD OF HAPPY FIGHTERS
THEY BOAST OF A BAND THAT
HAS NOT BEEN BEATEN.
The Forty-eighth Infantry marched out
to the Presidio yesterday and took the
place of the Forty-sixth, that earlier in
the day had left the camp and started for
the transport dock. The two regiments
passed each other on the way and before
night the Forty-sixth was well on tts
way to Manila, and the Forty-eighth was
enjoying Itself at the Presidio.
The Forty-eighth is one of the two
colored regiments mustered in under the
second call. It was rendezvoused at Fort
Thomas, Kentucky, and was recruited all
through the Southern and Eastern
States. Colonel Duval, who was lieu
tenant colonel of the Twenty -sixth, is in
command.
The regiment is something of a novelty
aside from the fact that it is made up of
negroes. It is the first regiment coming
here with colored officers, and it created
a great sensation on that account. All
the line officers, the captains, first lieu
tenants and second lieutenants of the
companies are colored. The field and
staff officers are white. The colored of-
Jicers were druwn from the regular army,
the best of the sergeants of the colored
cavalry regiments and a few from the in
fan try being chosen. Their colonel spe.iks
well "of them and says they will make
capable officers. The regiment has not
been more than seven weeks : .n existence
r" necessity drill has been sub
ordinated to target practice, so there are
many of the reiiuits who are a hit green,
but before they leave for the islands the
colored Forty-eighth will be up with the
In one thing it Is far ahead of anything
In the volunteer line that has so far
struck the Presidio; it has a band that
music. It is not a vehicle for
brazen boisterousness, but one that plays
It v. ere- a pleasure, not a duty. Be
fore the regiment started from .he ferry,
and while the band and headquarters
wen waiting for the column to form, tne
band played for the people coming to and
from the ferry, and there was not
one out recognize J Lhat the colored band
was worth stopping to listen to. The tn n
: up here and there just as the
regiment was, and in the few weeks they
:hey have made re
resa They have for leader
imaster of the Twenty
fltth Regiment, another colored com
mand, and they have taken hold of their
v> irk with true negro ear for music.
Already the question is going the rounds
among the m«-n at the post as to whether
or not the negro officers Bhould be saluted
by the white privates, but it is only those
who know little of military law that
• a moment discussing it. The white
soldiers will have to accord the colored
ra the courtesies due to their rank.
In military lew the man is not recognized;
It is the rank and the commission. The ;
colored ol'lcers have been commissioned
by the President, and no matter what the
subordinate may think of the man, 'he
must recognize the uniform and the
shoulder strap. The white officers are
compelled to do it when they meet a col
ored man superior to them in rank, and j
they lose nothing of their dignity in dcin;?
so, and the same rule must apply to the
white soldiers.
The regiment is as happy go lucky a
set "l" men as might well be found. Thert
were no prospects of supper last evening,
but there was no growling and no moping.
The men stood around and played games
and jumped and laughed and sang, ana
then when the call for guard mount came '■
they all trooped up the hill to watch the i
ceremony. Their principal work for the
next week or so will be drilling on the
hills, with two or three companies con
stantly at the range.
The Nevada cavalry will be mustered
out to-day. The men have four ninths
and a half in pay coming to them, two
month? of that amount being the gratuity
given by the Government. Rev. F. Vernon
Jones, a prominent clergyman of Reno,
arrived at the camp yesterday as a rep
resentative of the citizens of Nevada to
makr arrangements for the transportation
nf the troops home and to escort them
thore. The men will have a special car
attached tn the overland, which will leave
b< re Friday evening.
Miss Agnrs Shaw, Miss Sarah Shaw-
Miss 1,1 da D. Starr. Mis? Ada C. Towne
Miss Mary F. Darling and Miss Amy
Holmes, trained nurses of the R<*d Cross
Auxiliary, have been given transportation
by the quartermaster's department to
New York. Miss Ann Stirk ha? been given
transportation tn Philadelphia.
Acting Assistant Surgeon C. H. Steams.
tly returned from Manila on the
transport Indiana, hap been detached
from that vessel and has bepn ordered to
duty again at the general hospital.
AMERICAN LOSSES IN
BATTLE AND BY DISEASE
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— Surgeon Gen
eral Sternberg"s annual report gives a
comprehensive view of the health ot the
troops on the field and at home, the
casualties and losses in battle and in hos
pital, as extended to the sick and
wounded and other information relating
to the physical welfare of the army The
total number of deaths in our armies in
cluding regulars and volunteers, from
May 1. 1898, to June 30. 1599, were fifilli of
whom 196 were killed in battle 216 killed
| by accident, 202 died of gunshot wounds
and wounds received in action. 2774 tiom
typhoid fever, 476 from malaria fever 3'>9
from pneumonia. 342 from diarrhea 'and
dysentry and 185 from yellow fever
As to food supplies. "General Sternberg
says he considered it wise to go slow in
changing the army ration until experience
has shown just what changes are "*as
suredly desirable. He refers to tne agita
tion over canned roast beef and re
| frigerated beef and says that at that time
v ■ re on file only two complaints as
to th- beef supply. The only criticism
I made by medical officers, he says is that
: the ration for the tropics should have
1 less fat and more starch and sugar.
The report recommends an increase of
the medical corps and the establishing of
camping grounds through !h<- country
ready for troops when they are mobilized
THE EMPORIUM.
» Mme.tdaline's <&&*& El_l_fka_Bß «_ _ ° Avoid «
* FacoPreppra- igHH" L|vlrlLf|^P immOelays *
* tions beautify the tiigjP*** and *^# WH ace order 3 for "*
* skin and are P - 6oldenltule Bazaar. ™ Holiday Goods . J
? absolutely harmless. caufornias LARQEST-A-nERicA s grandest store- at once. Ji
* y^^/ y *
* JC//Z&t>L&sC' J& &-*>CC*2^s' A/ <
fr / *
» — — — — — — —^— — — ♦
* _
| Best Eastern Hams, regu- %
i larly I4lg a Ifo., on special «
i sale Wednesday and Thurs- I
I day only at ........ 12ic £
* ======z=== ♦
I Ladies" Neckwear |
j At One-Quarter Off" Regular Prices. ;
* For this day, Wednesday, only sCf^^k <&*&, *&??% *
Jwe offer a large collection (300 /f/^./Sftr (§**££ vlsl ♦
%. pieces) of odds and ends of this j$M&!) <»$L tf j *1T *
* season's styles in Lad is' Neckwear; all fy^jtS? »W?J ffiftifc^
* lots where co or assortments are broken J&.^JHv 'P^^m^ f*'-j!\r I <*
* or where quantities are small are mc ud:d p^^p^ //jV\ \wB£'i l *
* Jabots, Stock Collars, Band Bows' and « //^|K y\ \,' , 'V "*
I Blouse Frcnts, ranging in price from 25c * ""*• L *
> to $3 each, at a *
£ Reduction of 25 Per Cent. t
* *
a, ♦
I Carpet Remnant Sale. |
* 20 Per Cent Off Regular Prices for t
I Balance of Week. J
* Bring your measurements with you and see if among the *
J hundreds of short lengths — from 15 to 50 yards each — there is not Z
» just the piece you need to cover your room. This is a not-to-be- ♦
* neglected opportunity to buy fine carpets for little money. J
$ Tapestry Brussels— Exact copies of Body Bru?s9ls, in a good range <»
£> of co'oringfs. actually worth 75c per yard, for the ba ance of the week GOo *
* Wilton Velvets— ln a variety of stylish colorings, including old blues. •
* olives and reds, choice p- tterns, worth $1 yard, for the balance of the week 80c 2
Axminster Carpet— The $1.25 per yard quality, in all the new %
9, shades, for the balance of the week $1.00 ♦
* . *
» . _-_=: «
i 97 ""'iZX ""' These are Some Thanksgiving ;
* X--i^ia#__ Tf&g* ored Taf- China Closet— ol fine selected <f
* *«*"«?■«■» #O«r« feta?,very ; quarter oak. very highly polished. French «•
* hesv? and serv C9able cloth in these de- plite mirror, excellent woikmanshir, on
? stable shades— turquoise, emsra.d. reds, special sale Wednesday only $9.75 '
olive, bluet, rurph Fnl light blue, on Extension Table — New and *
* special sale Wednesday only, yard..7Sc h'.n some mode,, beautiful golden oak *
* ________ finish, rich'y carved supports and claw «
* H^n,^.™ <z*,riil i^YK^TT** feet. 8 feet lon when opened out. special *
* -»-il- WW& for Wednesday only $13.00 «
$, ThiS WmFW > Dining Chair — Unique design. •
A $12.50 IJ^W made of quarter goiden oak, highly pol" i
* «—_«,— 4 /^V&f : i?hed, size of seat 18x18 inches, on soe- «
* vJaGtte> \lS\ 'cial sale Wednesda 7 only at $1*75 +
% §7.35. '//. JosL*^ | Sideboard— Latest style, finished *
* A fin- new al -wool (tio^Wk m «eh -olden oak, handsonvlv carved J
* Kersey Jacket, satin- 'iff •0/' |v \ i a . nl . hl s hlv Polished, has lar/e French bey- J
* lined tr.rouThout, \V K-fv^^M c! , d S l33 m rror xl 7 inches ' on special «
| double-breasted, 6 i ? ht |||flN»We_M_yoiilj $21.75 «
•i pearl buttons, new /a- ' l'**s& __________ *
& roiling collar, extra Pj/$ : 0 \<_^s "*
& ptitching and fine [wLIH Jk<^ft W-dnesdiy Special. J
I finish,! egulariysl2.so 7 f^*^^ 50c ****** i&f-^ 3
* each, special to-day j) I +M ' **«#«» B\Mit£tS K^ P" "<i^ X
Jon at 97.e5 Pants 35 C. f^M 7 *"*! J
I lVedn*4*f Sttciah Fancy We offer for this day Sn P { <
* <B# ff*St*? Hf*#>tt«#ft«y striped ° nlv Pf lrs , of Knee N> v fl ; *
j, i&B.gPW BJr&SzSsingJ a nd Pant?, for boys 4to 141^^ I ♦
» Sacaues 69c. ■_«_-»*»•'■ of age, made of 1^ 1 J
T colored Eid-.rdown and fancy trimm?d| ali : w ? 01 matenah in | / 1 / J
X F.annelete Dressing Sacques regularly colorings and patterns ft, 17 «
5 $1.00 each, all sizes, on special sale to- that . , were selected « -< *— — ' «
» day only at 69c cs P eciall >' 'or good service small sizes <*
ire trimmed with bow and buckle; these "#
£ . pants are the equal in make, fit and ♦
* For Wein>sd\vQnlv. Four lines of ele- wearing qualities to any 50c line on the *
* 18/f/##/M«i««i# gantly trimmed market; our price on Wednesday oniv. 2
ft tWBMIEintSry Hats are offered at per pair 350 3
I Specials. ZT saleto - day ; . : i ;
» $10.r;0 Hats....s7 $16.50 Hats...^l2 « Forks 526 m ' *
% $13.50 Hats.. $20X0 Hats...*fs " r *** "* *****'> +
* 50c and -60c Winter Roses, latent *^^^S~v s*-Z*£o22^ _»
* shades, to-day 25c «
> 7c Bhck Quills for Go'f Hats,to-day2c s^-^^^^^^^^^^^Zz^l *
* 95c French Fur Felt Shape3,to-day 39c &^^*^ _
* : ■-",>;■■■■ — __— __^__ *
I UnderniUSlin Dgp't. We guaranteed not to of Aluminum «
J UnuermUSlin USP t « Forks, guaranteed not to tarnish, very *
* SOedalS For Thu Day Only, durable, for this day only at th? v»rV *
* IT- *,**.*+ — - , «- ■f , . - vi ,i special price, per set of 6 52© ♦
5 Children's AH- Wool Wristlets, black *
6 only, regularly 25c a pair, special Wei- ——-————____- . V
* nes " d3 - v WC Wednesday Special. 1
? Infants' Washable Chamois. Moccssins, -> Jff% /*#•" ♦
% regularly 4'? c a pair, special Wednesday « **UG UHina J
* oni/ at ~ •": - - ""^** c Pitcher *
* Infants' Long Skirts, hand mide of fine __ ld^) \5 2
* Nainsook, hemstitched, reguhrly $1.00, 23 Cm VMjt^f\ J; J
J Wednesday only 65c Thi3 prett7 . fancy U^&jfl Jj ♦
» Infants' Night crown', the regular $1.0 h^pe Cirlshid Chini \?«_SEr *& ♦
* quality of fine Nainsook, special to-day Cream P tcher, flower X^' *-' F *
Jac - 65c -iecorations in co ors, \i *!%,{ 2
? Children's Musin Nightgown?, small regularly 40c. on -pj- ♦
sizes only, regularly 60s each speria 1 cial sal? to-day, Wed- ' *'^"^
6 at 35c nesd-iy, orly at 230 ♦
x>4A«AA***^**A******^^*A4*A4A*_*AA*46*A*_<^ ,
MR. AND MRS. DEWEY
IN THEIR NEW HOME
Take Possession of the Mansion Pre-
sented to Him by the Amer
ican People.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— Admiral and
Mrs. Dewey returned to Washington from
New York to-night. A Navy Department
official met them and escorted them to
the admiral's carriage, in which they were
driven to the home on Rhode Island ave
nue presented to the admiral by the
American people. The arrival of the dis
tinguished couple at the station was un
marked by any popular demonstration.
Their presence aboard the train became
known during the trip from New York,
and when they stepped from the train and
walked to the carriage a number of the
passengers followed and saw them safely
off for home.
SEEKS WAR'S HARDSHIPS.
Nephew of the P^sident on His Wayj
to the Battle Field.
Lieutenant James F. McKinley of the
Sixth United States Cavalry arrived in
this city yesterday morning on his way
to Manila to join General Young's bri
gade > in the Philippines. He will be the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. George E. Morse
a: 157S Fell street during his stay here.
The lieutenant is the son of the late
James McKinley and a nephew of the
President. He was born in this city
twenty-one years ago. At the of
his parents when he was about 10 years
of age he went to live with the old Mc-
Kinley family at Canton. Ohio, where he
has since resided. On the breaking out
of the Spanish war he enlisted in the
United States regular army as a private,
and as such served through the campaign
THE EMPORIUM.
in Cuba, where he came near losing his
life through wounds and sickness. On his
return to the United States he was made
a second lieutenant in the Sixth United
States Cavalry.
JAPAN HOLDS THREE
OF THE PHILIPPINES
Were Not Ceded Because of the Igno
• ranee of the Spanish-American
Peace Commissioners.
MADRID. Nov. 14.— 1n the Spanish
Senate to-day Senor Montero Rios, reply
ing to Co - int Almenas, who recently de
clared that owing to the ignorance of the
Spanish-American peace treaty com
missioners three islands of the Philip
pine group— the two Battanos and Cnla
yan island, both north of Luzon— were
not included in the scope of the treaty,
said the islands referred to were not
ceded because they belonged to Japan
and were not claimed by the Americans.
Senor Rios urged the Premier. Sciior
Silvela. to demand a fulfillment by the
Americans of their engagements under
the treaty providing for commercial nd
vantages .'o Spain in the Philippines.
Senor Silvela replied that difficulties had
arisen in the execution of those stipula
tions in the treaty doubtless because
the Americans had not yet fully es
tablished their way in the Philippines.
■ ■» ■
Schooihouses Inspected.
The Grand Jury turned out in force yes.
terday to make a tour of all the school
houses in the city, that it might note in
its report the numerous needs of th«. jo-
Eartment. The jurors were piloted by
Superintendent Webster and Assistant
Superintendent Marks, and were given an
opportunity to make a thorough inspec
tion.
56
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 15, 1899
' : . JOHN D. _ SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager, j
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F,
Telephone Main IMS.
: DITORIAL ROOMS £17 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
. \ DELIVERED BT CASHIERS, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
: : \ Single Opies, 5 cents.
Tones by Mall, Including Poat&gei
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year fB.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), ( montht S.OO
DAILY CALL -Occluding Sunday Call). I months .... 1.50
PAIL* CALL— By Single Month «3e
SUNDAY CALL One Year '. 1.50
WEEKLY CALL On» Year l-OO j
All postmasters are authorized to rec«!v-> subscriptions.
- bjurspla copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
. •', . C. GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising, Ma/quette Building.
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C CARLTON Herald Squara
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE
PERRY LUKENS JR 20 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. 0. Kews Co.. Great Northern Hotel}
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hctal; A. Brentaco. 81 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. __^
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock;- 300 Hayes street, open until
8:30 o'clocK. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open urj'll 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street,' open until 10 o'clock- £261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
-street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets. open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
« oiuinbla— "Why Smith Left Home."
California— "What Happened to Jones."
Patience."
■ it — "My Friend From India."
1 Opera-house — "The Merry Monarch."
New Alhambra— "A Lady of Quality."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Oiympla, corner Mason anl Kills streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase and performances,
\v.-stt»rn Turf Association, Pan Mateo County — Races.
"auction sales.
Ry Gain>-k & Vincent— This day, at 11 o'clock, magnificent
Fun
Jty Oha-^t' ii- Mendenhall — Thursday, November 16, at 11
j'cl'ick. Trotting -bred Mares and Geldings, at corner Market
md Van N
By Vcn Rheln & Co.— Thursday, November 16. at 12 o'clock,
Real Estate, at £.13 California St.
RELIGION IN SCHOOLS.
I \ MERICANS may naturally be astonished at
, \ the missionary protest against the prohibit
*■ seel riai teaching in the public
■ Japan. Such teaching is not allowed in our
gioi re is l< ft as a matter <>:'
itruction. The schools are for the imparting
ufely Secular learning. The common schools,
. confined to 1 | function, are for the j
instruction of youth in the branches that may be
common to all. In them the right reading, speaking
• ■ ■■• - ( the English language is to be taught,
with arithmetic, the foundation of all mathematical
knowledge, and such history and geography a> are
the key to t tr< ures of knowledge in those
All thi~ is secular and necessary to the
future physical welfare of American citizen*. It is
itizenship that the state educates the young. If
it begin teaching them religion it goes outside its
on and steps off secular ground.
We are aware that much has been said about god
's, and that many religious bodies on either
side of the line of faith and practice which divides the
Christian world have sought to introduce religious
instruction. But it is the business of the state to
teach the known, not the unknown. It is strange,
therefore, that American missionaries should rage
because Japan pursues the same policy. ' She has a
ion, in Buddhism, which is agreeable to the
genius of her people. It is a religion of compassion
that docs not give the human race a monopoly of
pity, but embraces within its philosophy all living
things. Christians may treat it with polite respect
without in any way compromising their own beliefs.
If a plan of salvation which lifts man alone in its
arms be good, a philosophy that includes al! that
shares with man the gift and mystery of life cannot
be stigmatized as bad. If this religion of compas
sion, with help and pity and protection for all life, is
willing, in a country that it has satisfied for centuries,
to leave the schools free of its influence and occu
pied only with secular instruction, Christianity should
not object to stand upon a level with it in that re
spect.
It is the devout belief of Christian missionaries that
they carry a revealed message from on high, and in
the presence of that belief we all stand in awe. But,
armed with a commission bearing a divine seal, why
should they invoke the fleshly arm of human govern
ment? After reading the delivery of Dr. Lynnti
Abbott in favor of plowing the missionary field with
-.vord. enriching it with human blood, and sow
ing it with human bones and the marrow of the in
nocent as a preparation for a harvest of faith, one
may not be accused of irreverence for saying that
Christian missionarie^ ought to be sent to the Chris
tian missionaries I -hat they withdraw their
protest against secular schools and come home and
study Christianity.
It is to be hoped that the demand for diplomatic
pressure by our Government on Japan in this matter
will be resisted and refused. If our Government ap
pear abroad as the champion of ecclesinsticism in the
ie schools of another nation we don't know why
it should refuse to enforce the same rule at home. If
that come to pass there will be an end of our honor
able policy of religious toleration. Such toleration
: :< its best sense has never existed except where edu
•? is purely secular.
The two soldiers who poisoned sixty of their com
rades at the Presidio as a huge joke ought to be made
to feel how funny it is to be locked in an Alcatraz
dungeon. Their sense of humor is altogether too far
developed to permit them to remain at large.
After the cruel way in which the Governor trifled
with the feelings of Colonel Chadbourne the gallant
hero of dress parades ought tc have good grounds
for a suit against Gage for breach of promise. ■
The latest bulletin from the sickroom of Vice-
President Hobart says he takes milk with his meals
and milk punches between meals. "What's the mat
ter with Hobart? He's all right." •
We seem to be able to take everything in the Phil
fppines except Aguinaldo or a rest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ISrOVEMJJEII 15, 1899.
NEXT YEAR'S ELECTION.
THE Republicans of California have before them
an issue of prime importance, which will domi
nate the election in this State next year unless
it is sooner settled by the party itself. When we say
settled we mean adjusted in line with public opinion
and upright public sentiment.
A vacancy in the United Stales Senate is to be filled.
An effort to till it was prolonged through last win
ter's <essiu:i and tailed. It tailed because the rank
and tile of the party determined that the vacancy
tld be filled properly by a man fit for the place
or-not at all. It was this determination, adhered to
inflexibly by the people, that made tiie session in that
respect fruitless of results.
I'nless the seat is filled by one fit before the next
Ci mpaign the Senatorial is>ue goes into next year'
fight as an element of Republican weakness that may
not be overcome.
It is in no spirit of personal rancor or wish to in
crease friction, or cause anywhere a feeling of per
sonal humiliation, but with the purpose only of serv
ing the State and the party, that we say the party
cannot prevail next year either if Colonel Burns is
appointed by the Governor, or is elected by an extra
session, or is left to the decision of the voters next
November. I:' appointed by the Governor and seated
by the Senate the issue becomes rank and unquench
able. The appointment will hold only until the meet
ing of the Legislature in 1001. and the place must be
filled for the full term by that body. Not even the
strongest friend lei Burns is bold enough to
say that, as an open candidate, a Legislature can be
elected that will choose him. Xor can any one say
that if he is elected for six years at a special session
of the present Legislature the party can rally in 1900
from the effect of an act so disappointing to its rank
and file. Considering the effect of leaving the place
open, with neither appointment nor election, to be
filled by the next Legislature, it will be impossible to
eliminate Colonel Burns from the contest. He may
protest that he is not a candidate, but the protest
will be in vain. The Democrats will make him the
Republican candidate. The assault upon the Repub
lican party will be in the form of an assault upon his
personality, and it will not be possible for flesh and
blood to resist the temptation to defend him that will
be upon his personal friend-.
Let all Republicans study the situation and be
warned and be wise.
Since the election in this city the limitation to local
affairs and the anti-partisanship by which Mr. Phelan
secured the Republican votes which elected him have
evaporated. The country Democratic press, true to
the in>tinct> of sunflower partisan journalism, has felt
in the heightened light and heat that a new sun has
ris ( n, and has almost without exception turned to
Phelan a- the party's choice for Senator. If the seat
in the Senate be open next year he will be nominated
for it in the Democratic convention. lie will go be
fore the people in the honeymoon of his prestisje,
panoplied in the strength of his three successes in this
city, and who will stand against him? If Colonel
P>;:rn~ be on the scene it will be in vain that Repub
lican candidate^ for the Legislature declare they arc
not for him; the people will vote for Phelan, the man
in sight, for tear of the man in ambush.
In 1892 Stephen M. White was an avowed Demo
cratic candidate for the United States Senate. It was
known that any State convention of his party since
1886 would have chosen him had the issue been
pushed. True, the Examiner fought him and had a
candidate against him, but its candidate had not a
vote in the Legislature that would stick. White was
the only open, avowed, frank candidate. The Repub
licans had no candidate m right, but their campaign
was adumbrated by the suspected ambition of Mr.
M. 11. de Young. The Democrats made him the Re
publican candidate. Republican nominees for the
Legislature frantically disowned him. but not one
of them was able to tell the people whom he proposed
t<> support for the Senate. From the moment that
situation developed the end was in sight. White
won, and carried the electoral ticket under the wire
with him.
If the Republicans permit a like situation next year.
with Phelan in White's place, let them consider now
the result It i<= believed that if the Governor appoint
a Senator it will be Colonel Burns. This is based on
a sentiment of personal loyalty, we are told, which
in some situations would not be open to criticism.
Put that sentiment k misused when its satisfaction in
volves the overthrow of the Governor's party and
the loss of California to the Republican column next
year.
The Legislature is not dominated by any such sen
timent. It is in touch with the masses of the party.
If it listen to the voice of reason and bow to the
promptings of party loyalty and look forward to the
battles yet to be won or lost it has it in its power to
flank the Democratic situation completely and take
from that party the only issue upon which it can hope
to carry the State next year.
A USELESS OFFICE
REPORTS of the convalescence of Vice Presi
dent Hobart are doubtless received with grati
fication by all who notice them, but it is ques
tionable whether any considerable number of people
do so. In fact, a good many arc hardly aware the
Vice President is sick, and not* a few have forgotten
that the incumbent of the office is named Hobart.
The office is one in which the people have but
little interest Old John Adams, who was the first
man in the republic to occupy it, declared it to be
"the most insignificant office that ever the mind of
man contrived, or his imagination conceived." The
judgment thus pronounced at the beginning of the
Government has been confirmed by the experience of
later years, and Colonel Ingersoll once described the
Vice President as "an official who is paid a hand
some salary to stand round and wait for a funeral."
It is because of its uselessness that the people pay
but little attention to the incumbent of the office so
long as the President continues healthy and active.
Of course the public is sorry that Mr. Hobart is
sick, but the sorrow is due solely to the sympathy
with himself personally. They are sorry for the man,
but not for the Vice President. Indeed if the office
were to sicken itself to annihilation and pass out of
existence there would he little or no regret.
At no time was the office ever important except
that it provided a successor to the Presidency, but
since the adoption of the new law of succession it is
hardly of any importance at all. Under the old law
the succession was first to the Vice President and
then to the president pro tern, of the Senate. That
meant a possibility that the succession might go to
a man of a different party, for the presiding officer
of the Senate is not always a supporter of the ad
ministration. Under the new law it passes from the
Vice President to the Secretary of State, and from
him to the Secretary of the Treastiry, and so on
through the Cabinet. Thus there is no longer any
danger of a member of the opposi^jon succeeding to
the" Presidency, and therefore no importance at
tached to the Vice Presidency. If the Vice President
die there will be regret that a good man is dead,
but no regret whatever that we have no longer a
Vice President. In fact, under the new succession act
I there is no feason why there should be a Vice Presi
! dent, or why any one should be paid a salary to stand
; round and wait for a funeral.
REFORMS IN THE NAVY.
PRESS criticism upon those portions of the re
port of Rear Admiral Crowninshield which re
llectcd upon Congress and upon Admiral
Dewey have had the effect, it is said, of causing a
revision of the report, and when it is officially issued
it will be found to have been so altered that there will
be little or nothing in it to which any one can
rightly object.
The rear admiral has acted wisely in profiting by
the comments upon his work, and it is probable the
naval service will derive benefit from the wisdom,
for now that the objectionable features of the report
are eliminated more attention will be given to those
recommendations which are of genuine merit
Among the tilings to which the attention of Con
gress is directed by the report is the wastefulness and
inadequacy of the receiving-ship system, and the ad
vantages which would result if our warships out of
active service were manned by a skeleton crew and
kept in good repair, available for immediate service
in case of an emergency, instead of being laid up and
cared for only by watchmen. It is pointed out that
with our expanding commerce and our increasing
interests in all parts of the world it will no longer be
expedient to leave great battle-ships or cruisers
lying idle in port. There should be in the navy a
force sufficient to keep them all fairly well manned
and ready for use. To that end it has been recom
mended that the receiving-ship system be supplanted
by a policy of maintaining permanent barracks at the
larger naval stations at which accommodations could
be provided for the crews of the vessels held in re
serve and for the new recruits and apprentices
needed in the naval service.
The report made by Assistant Secretary Allen
relative to the naval militia contains recommenda
tions in line with those of the rear admiral. In sub
stance that officer says that as the personnel act has
made the term of service of enlisted men in the navy
four years, the same periods should be fixed for the
: enrollment in the naval reserve, and the reserve offi
cer should be promoted in war time with the regular
officer with whom he holds the same date of com
mission. It is also recommended that steps be taken
!<>r the organization of a permanent coast signal sys
tem from the retired list of the navy and the employes
of the lighthouse and life-saving service. There are sev
eral thousand of these men, and with a small appro
priation and an annual drill for a few days each year
they would be competent, the report says, to take up
their duties immediately upon the outbreak of war.
With a retired naval officer in charge of each light
house district, and an officer in charge at the Navy
Department and the necessary paraphernalia at the
nearest navy-yard ready for use, this necessary adjunct
of war could be put in working order in twenty-four
j hours.
It will be seen that the object of these recommenda
tions is to obtain an increase in the naval force of
the nation. Congress, while liberal enough in provid
ing for the construction of warships of various kinds,
has not been equally liberal in providing for the
maintenance of the number of men and officers neces
sary for manning the ships. The most important
naval work before this Congress, therefore, will be
that of making due provision for the care, mainte
nance and navigation of the fleets we have con
structed, and the reports of the two officers we have
quoted suggest the means by which it may be best
i accomplished.
THE ADUL TERATED FOOD PROBLEM.
AFTER a long rest the Senate Committee en
gaged in an : nvestigation of the extent to
which food a; . icles on sale in this country are
j either adulterated or wholly compounded of some
thing quite different from the articles they purport to
be has resumed its hearings, and we are once more
receiving information which will increase the demand
for the enactment of a pure food law. It is gratifying
to have the subject brought back to public attention
at this time, for Congress will soon assemble, and
efforts should be made throughout the country to
bring about the enactment of the desired law at this
; session.
The recent hearings have added nothing of any
particular value to the information already made
j public. In fact, the agitation for protection to the
j producers of pure foods against the ruinous compet
ing of the manufacturers of fraudulent articles has
been carried on so extensively that all who take any
interest in the matter at all are fairly familiar with the
subject. It is very well known that almost every ar
ticle of food in the market has a fraudulent article
competing with it, and that the frauds are so in
geniously devised that while in many cases injurious
to health they cannot be detected by either sight,
taste or smell.
The evil of the fraudulent trade is not due to adul
terations only. In many cases harm is clone by sell
ing unadulterated foods under labels representing
them as something different from what they are. For
example, the dairymen of New York, by careful su
pervision of the cheese product of that State, made
New York cheese a standard article of trade, won for
it a high reputation and gained a profitable market in
London. No sooner was the repute of the New York
cheese known, however, than fraudulent cheese :
makers in other States put the New York label upon
inferior cheese and sent it abroad. The result was
the ruin of the market which the New York men had
built up. In that fraud there was no adulteration. It
was simply a case of false labeling.
Many similar wrongs are done in the same way.
Some time ago in reviewing the fruit-packing trade
in that city the Philadelphia Record noted that some
enterprising firms there have been buying up dried
plums in districts where they are cheap and putting
them on the market labeled "California prunes." The
Philadelphia men are not the only packers who put
California labels on worthless or inferior fruits.
There is a great corporation in New York that grinds
tip apple-cores and apple-peelings and refuse apples
that are unfit for drying, and out of the stuff com
pounds jellies, jams, preserves of all kinds, and by
flavoring it in various ways makes it serve for apri
cot, peach, plum, orange, currant or any other kind
of fruit conserve there may be a demand for.
It is hardly worth while to gather further informa
tion on the subject. The people are aware that almost
every article in the market from luxuries to medi
cines is either adulterated or imitated. What is
needed is not more knowledge on that subject but a
clearer idea of the most efficient remedy. Up to this
time the best that has been proposed is a national
label law requiring every article to bear upon its label
conspicuously a true statement of what the article is
and where, when and by whom it was packed. Right
labeling will go a long way toward solving the diffi
culty of the problem, and an act requiring it is clearly
within the power of Congress to provide
CHEERED THEIR SOLDIERS
AGAINST THE BOERS
YOUTHFUL ENGLISH PATRIOTS.
This picture, reproduced from the London Graphic, represents an Inci
dent which occurred as a body of troops were on the march to Southamp
ton to take a ship for the Cape to light against the Boers. The youngsters
stood on the garden wall, waved their flags as the smiling soldiers passed
and shouted with enthusiasm. The throngs of people lining the sidewalks
became almost as much interested In the excited youngsters as they were in.
the departing soldiers.
THE LAST METEORIC SHOWER.
Mrs. W. J. Sloppy of St. Paul has kind
ly forwarded to Notes and Queries the
following clipping from a Philadelphia
newspaper of Thursday, November 18,
1833. which was rut from the paper and
preserved in a Ft-rapbook by her mother,
the late Mrs. 1,. G. Steep. It is certainly
a most rare and interesting paragraph, to
be thus reproduced at this date. This is
the description of the extraordinary scone
as given by an eye-witness on the day
of its occurrence: "The meteoric shower
of the 13th was a rare phenomenon. At |
4:30 o'clock in the morning I first observed
it, and continued to notice it until its ter
mination at 6 o'clock, two hours later.
From a point in the heavens about fifteen
degrees southeasterly from our zenith the j
meteors darted to the horizon in every j
point of the compass. These paths were
described in curved lines, similar to those I
of the parallels of longitude on an arti
ficial globe. They were generally short j
in their course, resembling much an in
terrupted line. They ceased to appear
when within about ten degrees of the hor- j
izon. I did not see a single meteor pass ;
the meteoric pole which I have described, j
nor one pass in a horizontal direction, j
Several of them afforded as much light as j
faint lightning. One of them in the north
east was heard to explode with a sound
like that of the rush of a distant sky
rocket. The time from the explosion was j
about twenty seconds, which gives a dis
tance of about five miles. It left a ser- j
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
D. McKay of Sacramento is a guest at
the Palace.
F. M. Swasey, a leading business man
of Reading, is registered at the Grand.
P. J. MeCormlck, a wealthy contractor
■from Los Angeles, is a guest at the
Lick.
Henry Doyle, a mining and business
man of Vancouver, B. C, is a guest at the
Palace.
Judge C. C. Bush, a prominent jurist of
Redding, is among the recent arrivals at
the Grand.
W. H. Stacey. a capitalist of San Jose.
Is among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Occidental.
J. H. Barbour has come up from San
Diego and is registered at the Palace for
a short etay.
Dr. E. S. O'Brien, one of the principal
physicians of Merced, is at the Lick on a
short vacation.
Francis Cutting, a well known and pop
ular attorney of Stockton, Is among the
late arrivals at the Lick.
Herbert A. Kidder, a prominent and in
fluential politician from Sacramento, is
registered for a short stay at the Cali
fornia.
Captnin F. Tucker, a lucky mining man
from the Cape Nome district, is at the
Palace, where he arrived yesterday from
Seattle.
Charles Teague, a wealthy land-owner
and heavy oil speculator of Fresno, is a
guest at the Grand on a limited business
trip to the city.
Dr. D. P. Durst, one of the best-known
medical men of Wheatland, is at the
Grand, where he arrived yesterday on a
short visit to the city.
C. H. Clspp, a wealthy coffee planter
of Honolulu, is on his way to his island
home after an extended visit to New
York. He Is staying at the Lick.
T. C, Harbison, formerly a well-known
newspaper man of this city and now
editor of :i Snn Bernardino paper, is up
to attend the Water Storage Convention
as a delegate.
C. B. Booth, Charles E. Richards, T. E.
Gibbon and C. A. Edson, four delegates
from Los Ar.geles to the Flood-water
Storage Convention, arrived in the city
yesterday and registered at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— M. A. Roths
child of San Francisco is at the Holland;
Thomas Derby of San Francisco is at the
Hoffman; J. W. Chisholm of San Fran
cisco is at the Manhattan; J. J. Gottlob
of San Francisco Is at the Herald Square.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
RANK OF COMMODORE-B. & D..
Marysvllle. Cal. I'nder the provisions of
the personnel bill, the rank of commodore
in the United States navy was abolished.
THE COMSTOCK-S., City. There is no
"underground tide which ebbs and flows
In the Comstock during each twenty-four
hours of the day."
A WEDDING GlFT— Subscriber, City.
In Answers to Correspondents, October
15, 1599, there is given the answer asked
for in relation to the engraving of a wed
ding gift to a bride.
OLIVE OIL MACHINERY— H., Vaca
ville. Cal. If you desire to make olive oil
pentine cloud of a bright glowing color,
which remained visible for fifteen or
twenty minutes. Millions of these me
teors must have been darted in this show
er. I was not able to remark a single one
whose proximity to me was greater than
any other, by being interrupted between
my vision and any distant object, such as
trees, houses or the high shore of New
Jersey west of me. The singularity of
this meteoric shower consisted in the
countless numbers of the celestial rock
ets, and more especially in their constant
ly uniform divergence from the point fif
teen degrees southeasterly from the zen
ith." The writer closes his description
with the following explanation of the phe
nomenon: "These meteors are supposed
to bo gaseous, and when inflamed by some
cause not explained appear darting
through the heavens, generally in various
directions." The following editorial re
marks on the same subject appear in a
Philadelphia newspaper: "The remarka
ble display of meteors on Wednesday
morning continues to form the subject of
conversation in every circle, and our ex
changes come to us decked out with
graphic descriptions and Illustrations of
the strange visitation. A gentleman from
Boston describes the scene in that city in
much the same language as is used by
those who saw the wonder in Philadel
phia, and as far south and west as we
have heard from the shower of fire was
as incessant as it was in this city."
for your own family, you should use a
small cider press. Olive oil machinery is
expensive.
DECOCTIONS— D. L. 8., Berkeley, Cal.
A decoction of boiled herbs or barks will
keep if placed in bottles tightly corked so
as to prevent the admission of air.
THE CENTURY— H. 8., City. The next
century will commence with the Ist day
of January, 1901. See answer to another
correspondent in Answers to Correspond
ents, October 22, 18P9.
AT PEACE WITH THE WORLD-A
and B, City. By the expression "at peace
with the world" is meant that the indi
vidual or nation has no quarrel with any
individual or nation or people. At this
time the T'nited States cannot be said to
be "at peace with the world." for they
have an armed contention with Aguinaldo
and his people.
RAISING A HAT— B. J. E., City.
"Should a young man who is a clerk for
a larpe corporation raise his hat when one
of the directors bows to him on the
street?" asks this, correspondent. He Is
Informed that no one can afford to be
rude to another, no matter how high or
how low the other is. If the director
thinks enough of the clerk to recognize
him on the street with a bow the clerk
should think enough of the director to be
polite to the extent of raising his hat in
recognition of the salutation. Civility
does not cost anything and always creates
a good impression.
UNITED STATES CIVIL SERVICE—
Subscriber, City. T'nited States Civil Ser
vice examinations are held in San Fran
cisco generally in April and in Novem
ber. The dates are arranged by the Civil
Service Commission at Washington to
ward the close of each year. It is Impos
sible to tell, at this time, when the first
examination will be held hen- in 1900.
To obtain an application blank the can
didate for examination should address a
communication to the department in
which he or she seeks to be examined.
Those who apply for special pension ex
aminer, departmental service, ar exam
ined in spelling, arithmetic, letter writing,
penmanship, copying from plain copy,
copying from rough draft, law and pen
sion law. For such positions the appli
cant must, as in all other branches of the
civil service, undergo an examination and
take his chance of being one of the eligi
bles. when a vacancy occurs. There is no
telling when a vacancy will occur in that
department in this city.
WIDE-TIRE LAW— C. E. W., Nicasio,
Marin County, Cal. The following is the
law of California relating to wide tires in
California, passed by the Legislature of
1897:
The width of tires for wheels upon
wagons or other vehicles to be used
upon the public highways of the State
of California shall be for the following
styles of wagons as follows:
Two and three-quarter inch steel or
thimble-skein axle. 176-inch tubular
steel or iron axle, not less than 3-inch
tire; Hi-inch steel or iron axle, 2Vs
inch tubular or iron axle, not less than
3*i-in.ch tire; 3-lncn steel or thimble
skein. 1%-inch steel or iron. 2%-lnch
tubular steel or iron axle, not less than
4-inch tire; 3'i-lnch steel or thimble
skein,l% or 1?4 steel or iron. 2% tubular
steel or iron axle, not less than 4^
inch tire; 3%-inch steel or thimble
skein, 2-inch steel or iron, 27^-inch
tubular steel or iron axle, not less
than 3-inch tire; 3-Vineh steel or thim
hle-skein, 2 1 4-inch steel or iron, 3 or
3% inch tubular steel or iron axle, not
less than s^-inch tire; 4-inch and larg
er steel or thimble-skein. 2 1 i-Inch and
larger steel or iron, 3Vi-inch and larger
tubular steel or iron axle, not less than
6-inch tire.
Other styles of axles must have tires of
the same width as those of equal carry
ing capacity above enumerated. All in
termediate axles must have tires of the
same width as the next larger size above
specified.
WEBSTER'S PLAN
IS CRITICIZED BY
HIS CO-WORKERS
Do Not Indorse New
Curriculum.
Superintendent of Schools Webster is
not to be permitted to inaugurate in the
city's schools the new curriculum which
he announced two weeks ago without the
criticism and even condemnation of many
of his co-educators, Although all of the
teachers and principals in the department
and all of the School Directors save those
of the board who are known to be agents
of the book ring an- with him. it has
come to his ears during the past week
that many of the big i,'uns outside this
county, and particularly thuse of the In
stitute, are preparing for a concerted at
tack upon him and his radical policy.
On October 23 Superintendent AVebster
issued a circular in which was embodied
the essence of all the experience he ha
had as head of the biggest municipal
school department in the West. By re
ports from the teachers in the department
and by his own el.>so observation he haa
become convinced that pupils in the local
schools would be better fitted for practi
cal life and advanced to a greater state
of preparedness for university work if
more time was given them for the study
of the essentials, and less attention di
rected to the frills that have been intro
duced into school work during the past
few years. He based his circular upon
that conviction, and ordered that such
subjects as "nature study," "humane ed
ucation," music, drawing and other the
orist innovations be either eliminated or
relegated to the luxury list, to be In
dulged in but once a week. The time
thus saved he divided between the essen
tials — grammar, arithmetic, spelling, com
position and the like.
The teachers in the department quit
talking about back salaries for at
a week, and parents hailed the new pro
gramme as the dawn of a new era in
local education. Not so, however, those
pedagogues who are fond of hemstitched
arithmetic and point laoe geography.
Many of them the last few years have
risen to fame and fat salary by their
ability to make the simplest study in the
ordinary curriculum look like a gaudy
piece of patchwork, and they object to
any one occupying as prominent a posi
tion in the educational world as does
Webster attempting to revolutionize the
ideas and experiments that have proved
profitable to them.
Oakland was first to raise a howl, al
though it was not a loud one and was
merely preliminary to the chorus that is
about due to be heard. The institute is to
come next, and it is known that a num
ber of prominent lecturers in that organi
zation are preparing condemnatory ;
to be read at the next meeting. M< an
whlle Webster, with parents, teachers and
the School Board back of him. is rapidly
getting his plan into smooth running or
der and gathering matter with which to
answer the arguments to come. Which
j ever way the present clash of opinions
turns out, the inevitable bandying of ar
guments, pro and con, promises much of
value td those addicted to pedagogy.
Lecture for Charitable Work.
The first of a series of free lectures to
be conducted at the Good Samaritan Mis
sion, 246 Second street, will be given this
evening by Mayor Phelan, Whose subject
will bo "Civil Government." Succeeding
lectures will be given by President D. S.
Jordan of Stanford, Professor Le Conte,
I. M. Scott, President Wheeler of Berke
ley and others.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Look out for 81 Fourth st. Nr. 5c barber
or grocer. Best eyeglasses lOc and 40c. ♦
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Captain Henry's Death.
Coroner Hill announced yesterday that
he would take possession of the body of
Captain Henry of the Cyrus Wakefield as
soon as she lays up at the dock and hold
an Inquest as to the cause of death. Tho
fact that the body is in this county gives
the Coroner jurisdiction of the case.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for nrty years by millions of
mothers for their children •while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
Tourist Excursions.
PERSONALLY conducted Tourist Excursions,
with latest Improved Pullman Vestlbuled Sleep
ing Cars, through from California to St. Paul,
St. Louis, Chicago and Boston, every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. Get full information at
62S Market st.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO-Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days 1 board at ho
tel; longer stay, 12 50 per day. Apply at 4 New-
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
California Limited.
SANTA FE ROUTE— Connecting train leaves
at 3 p. m. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sat
urday, giving passengers ample time to see Los
Angeles and Pasadena. Finest equipped train
and best track of any line to the East. Get
handsome folder and full particulars at 6C3
Market street.
Remove the causes that make your hair life
less and gray with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hindercorns. the best cure '■■ r corns. 15 cts.
Sutro Property to Be Sold.
Judge Coffey has made an order grant
ing the executors of the estate of the
late Adolph Sutro the right to sell prop
erty belonging to the estate in Fruitvale.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Young Girls
How easy it is for young
girls to go into the ' 'decline. ' '
They eat less and less, become
paler and paler and can
narldy drag through the day.
They are on the steady down-
ward course. Iron does them
no good; strychnine and bit-
ters all fail. They need a food
that will nourish them better,
and a medicine that will cor-
rect their disease.
Scott's Emulsion
U both of these, elegantly and per-
manently combined. The Cod-Liver
Oil makes the blood richer, and
this gives better color to the face.
The hypophosphites of lime and
soda act as a strong tonic to the
nerves. Soon the weight increases,
1 the digestion improves and health
! returns.
At all drogpists ; 50c. and $1.00.
' SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.ADVERTISEMENTS. . ■
i HELL! a LJCDLJ SUIT HOUSE,
120 KEARiSY STREET.
*
If you want a GOLF
X; tegS? CAPE, don't fail to see
♦ \ *^3%a our assortment. We
-dJS§\?I?l have every style of
X ; 'm^os^ genuine Golf Shawl
♦ J Capes that is pro=
♦ £&ss+s& &S duced; and as for pat=
I "*^ \ * terns, we have over
f 500 of them.
* A $12 =50 Snerial G:nuine SHAWL GOLF CAPE, pfcfn
* Gn'f Cane off?^70 f f?^7 a 50. l&i^%S£s£&
A >10 00 Scecial Tnis s « ason 's JACKET, all-wool tan
; Jacket for ■$6.50. SKKS?: '*" M At "
! . A ?n 6 ', 5 . 0 S JP e . Ci «i F;^ ; Q^'y T Bh*s. Casters .nd
♦ All-silk Lined Jacket Blacks, a;:-woo! kersey jacket^
t for 512.50. ail silk lined, ail sizes.
X A 516.50 Special Ma r,r ° t ? hs 4 av y £ll " woo! Cheviot, j 3: -•
• Tailor-made Duress for
r «ailOr.made_L»ress tor season's babit-back styb« Blacks and
♦ i12.D0. Blues, all sizes.
I NEARJEAL FUR JACKETS, as elegant assny teal- g£ — ■> O O
•• «3JOO^ — -
ST-VTF'STS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. |
TTLEPHOXE IIAIN to.
TEREE-TEIRDS FULL EVERY KIGHT. \
c*ccni t.-i :.?-;t Week :? ?n:::> W.".3i;5. - s i
THE MERRY MONARCH.
Tij F^.nriist Prrfrrmarrs ti. ti« City.
*''srt ™e*k — '?r-ir«sil. Sur=;r2?cs. E!abora:a :
i-i Cci:\- Prc»i-jrt:;n :; F.lce'i E-*a - i-
Ural Eitriraxi^ii,
. "EVA.NGELINE."
PCPTTLAR FP.:CES, SCe. Be, Bet, Be and ;•: |
■;--A r:cl reserrefl -*s.t -• Siturriay =ati=ee,
— — ___ j
COLUMBIAN
Words of /why\|
Praise* / smith Y
, ri _ LI LEFT J
than I took^St t^ b« \HOME/
East year. -Erirni-ver.
BF-OaDHTF-ST" 5 GREATEST LATTGH
PHICXS EVENINGS) ...51. IVC COc, *5c '
iIATTNXS _._ .- — 73-c. sOc, 23c ;
MATrNEE TC-DAT "WEDKEBDA.! NOV. 15. |
Parget. — ■:. l: : i=it; Ealcosr. Ue; Ctll- |
fats. ::c I=7 ;«--_
ACKNOWLEDGED THE BEST
BILL OF THE SEASON.
F.TAN AND RI<TK~TEI.D. Ir "A Hea.i:»«3
>!-:-. ~Hr~.IT.-AK saiPS-r'N. *-ri* Azoerlea-
: -T.-.v^: BVRTON'S ATRO3ATIC COMEDT
:-::-s. vis*:z ~z ~t:tt :-.net a=i v;.ra;
«.-■->:■«:: r~r.t->rE AND A—EXIS. LEO 'TABLE,
UN AND DAVT3, AiIE?.ICAN 81->
•-;?.A?a.
T:* fa-ims FirtslAS BeaotT. CORNTT.r.r.
:■::;■: let the children in? 3 the '
r«>3=.
I
THE PEOI'L-E'a PLAT HOUSE.
EDDT A.ND JCNES STS— PHONE SOtTTH T^ j
E~*r- ••-«-:- j. _-it:;« Saviriiy.
EUGENIE .:. BLAIR
Ar.i »xr:»'.'.*nt c-rr.;a=7. ;r-*?r.*.iz? the WaJ- ;
:a-i Th»a.:»r Success, Irc-i N>-» Tortt.
1 Lady of Quality j
$I.'»-EOX SEATS— JI.OO.
PRICES— ISc, Kc. *:c. &>: a-.i Tie
lla: !:;■»* — Uc. i2c ijc ani i'-c
Next Sasdar =.:cit. t:-.» sr»i:-«t cf ti«3 an. '
•IN OLD KENTU'TKT."
SZATS ON SALE TOitOKKCW.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
grand and english opeka season.
to-night: to-night: to- night:
r-iij Evertir-s and Sat-riar Mat!=ee.
T>.-» Or*a:e?t Success Lr: Mi.-.y Tears: 1 .!
Gilbert asd ?ullivx.i"s Fasiotis Cocli C^-rra,
"PATIENCE."
!_"-■=.-.:— ■-■:«!:.- Ir'for?«»-I ty the Entire Press:*!
Ext-:!*'-**-:" Sii* ar.d Beactif-illr Staged.::
Anotber S-ip-rb Gra.r.l O;era Trf^tEph'.:!
V*r-il'« Hbtortcal Coi-pcsmo-.
THE MASKED BALL
'*'L*= Sa.Ho In Masch*ra."J
P.e^«r~l tr zn I=cc-ip*raW« Cast cf Lyric
Artists'.:
Ti-;rJlar. Eatarfay ar*i Sccday Eveslsys.
POPIL\P. FHTCES— a !.-.■! 50 cents.
TtlepboE* Jc-r S-^ats. E^j?!i J.
OLYMTIA ££g\£l'6n I
THE ONLY FP.EL- X' Af DEVIL.LE SHOW IN .
••-■ THE CITT.
A BU-L, FTTX OF STAKTLXNG NOVXLTTES. j
MARIE D. WOOD,
Tza Pec-ple'« Favcrite aci a Xltitlsxxi. j
Aliens St-sers.
-
THE ROUSELLS,
Tte Trjiaris of the Horizontal Bart.
RLTH NELTA,
And H»r Faraocj Plciar.!nn!es.
FRANK BARTON,
AND A HOST OF OTHERS.
ADMISSION FREE-
A3CATCUB NIGKT EX £RT FRTCAT.
K'MILT MATINEE EVERY SVNDAT.
Tq) Cilei««tcy» £s<llak Btaaead Bnat '--
f CNNYROYAL PiLLS
y Oric*.a*l *ad Only Cejata*. A
fTt^fT^ •*«. «i~»?i rsiUi^e. u:nt u| >1X I
fc^^f^jßtin -7f - 1 U Ur4 i : . -£ --*._: V\jr
— -^C^S 6 " l "- — »-»* irtt * 6 -' M Rs*">a- Tale \3y (
•*» 4K., VC-2s« a«fcer. foM«i(M<»inn>a> V
• 7 tr .•»-u :r j wi:\ v A: -<**
j *>. Jr la ttsaaa *c airtlco:».-». lull— 'i »ij
i(i 0 " E*Ua/ Sir U410." « t«ir^. :• retara
-X If KaiL !•»•••*••«*=".«** *&•*£?.
■H BT «■" Uxn; tftn.giJt*. t^HllAPAjl? i
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
BtodcScd ar.d renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Koorss. 50c to Jl K> 4»y;
Cl>ti week: $S to IW rncnti. Free baths: hot
tr.4 ectt water erery room: fire gratis la -very t
AMJ~SZ2£.E2ns.
i ■ — '■ ■ . ■'..- -. !
ALCAZAR THEATER.
I THE FUNNIEST . j
\ FARCE I^ TCWN. — — "^Mi^
!fn<tr ti':r^ at orrr ;ti^fa.
My Friend %
From India, *
Spedal ecra.se=«it oi
MR. L. R. STOCKWELL.
MATTS-EES BATUHDAT AND SCNDAT.
j - _ |
I CALIFORMA_THEATER %£\
! KIT THE FANCY %W VERY HARD!
Secure Your Seats Early
for the Rest of the Week.
HARRY CORSOH CLARKE
i What Happened To Jones.
'—-.:. PRICES :■" - -.- •
g . KiC -i-
: «fiexT btndat faGar— t & Kenn^irs
GREAT SWEDISH 2IALECT COMEDY,
"YON YOINSON."
i Arthur OooMlmxt, Anrie Vaaci Seriete. Be*- :
trice N-r=tia ani the La?r:b«m*2's Quart't. i
S»ats ca sa:-s Xo-saontnr Uorttlac.
THIRD ANNUAL
MODEL !
DOLL
! SHOW!
To t« heli 13 ti?
DOCTORS' DAUGHTERS,'
To te teli la ti»
• MAPLE ROOM of the PALACE HOTEL
FRIDAY and SATURDAY,
Nov. 17 and IS, 1599.
Op^c Cpob 1* %m r-. •- :'. p. — .
» ADMISSXOX, Xc CHIIjDREX, 2Sc !
! WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPO RATED.
M»=t*r A=ericaa Turf Coc«r«!»B.
TANPORAN PARK.
South Sin Frar.clsco San Mxt*o Co
Slain OCtet. Parlor A. Paiice Hotel, S. P.
W. J. HART IN. F. H GREEN.
Pr^^i i **t. Sec. i.~ i Vf an ac*t ■
FIRST TCTNTER SEASON.
i Fir»t nseetlac r.-eni Nov. t to ■ .7. IS. 1333. :
i=<:l--3lTe.
S;i hiyh-cliis ranr.i-y races erery weekiaT, ■
I be«lBsiB« «•: *d 9 p. Bt I^st race at 4 p. a.
t>ait:rai eocrtrr «<:eteT7, «nr:jJ:iae and r»sr. ■
; a:r. A tablet ricttraci. s^peri srasdstaad ar.i i
! ur.exc#:;-i acenrnmogattaca,
TP^aIN SERVICE. sou;h«m Pacific Co.
| "■'_■ -.' ' (TbttO-stnet Station.)
i _ Ll '^ i ' tralr.* i«i7» aft 5 .5*5. 1J:« aiS U:M a. B ;
! spe<rta.l race truia at HzDk 13::o and 1:23 p in. '
; retnrata* ttcmedlatelT aft*r the la<t race aa<i ■
i at 4:43 p. r=.
SAN JO?K AND XVAT STATIONS— ArrjTe at •
Saa man! 12:43 p. si. Leave Baa Bruno at i
*M aad 4:C ? . a. Traces leare Vaieacia-itreet i
i t*a Btfmttea Ut»r tb*a Tiird street. Bcca ',
trajrj itoj d.r-c'.ly at th* etitrasce to ti» i
Last cars ot all tratsa reaerrwl r-jr wo«=:a i
and their escorts. No trst-klss
RATES.
Rrwm Sta;ri«ael«c<) to Tmntona azsd retam. }
; in^i^:-? a.d=:«s-.Tr: to rrcun«l*. n«. Slrx'* '
i SS?»SS ?£?■* +1) "''-*- »*!«■ of As*^i a : ■
j Wn Bi-^»s n:ay s*cur» a tWK»7-£inr rid* coti- i
pea ticket Ito-rf to thirty da 7s . upen ree«n- t
F Uttbm of ba^«»f at Ttlri cr Va'»- C 'a s—-^- i
mdwbmsii v-'.,.--.,- *a..~c.a street ;
Rectster ail ccmplainrs ■withaat deiar with I
, the Seer^cirr and Maaagpr of the AasccUtioti. [
CO^CZBTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO. -;^
FKA»K MALL
S^bdslsy -TVaiiace." the Macater Uon.
" AJO ff, **'T E —~'— A '»*JOn MITE
Klzii Direr a=i a Grrat Sioir
Visit tte "CABARET DE UK 110 RT "
To-Morrow, Thursday, Sight
7«f™HIKADO MiNSTREiS A
Ptooe far Seats. Park 3.
STEEPLECHASE— PARK.
cone; island IS here at last
Tfce JEfVRIEa-FITZSIMMONS C S ht row O a t
Captain Beach, the Water Kin*. Just arrived. I
The KiUjr EA2ZLE-DAZZLE eiterta^. thm- [
\ san-J«. ' " .
! PROF"ESSOB HILL., tfc* fclffh win* scarveL
And all the novelties of FAMOUS CONEY
I ISLAND is fall blast. DON'T HISS THEIL
I ADMISSION. l)c. includes a ride oa t&e
; horse*. Presents to wti^ers.
Opea Everr Aftemcon and Eresl=g.
1" 1 1 ff% #% ALBERT
I M 0 v HOEFILCH !
\ *S \ to IM6r»tAf!
68115 325. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1809.
MYSTERY OF A
STOLEN RECEIPT
FOR BAIL MONEY
Some One Is Guilty of
Forgery.
POLICE SEEKING FOR A CLEW
PAPER STOLEN FBOM A CHINESE
AT A BANQUET.
■otlttug on ■
■
-
Or. November 4 See Wan, a item. .
was arrested for aiding and abetting a
lottery- He was taken to the Caiifornia
stree: police station, and a friend, Charlie
Poo, called and put up SIM cash bail for
his release. He obtained a receipt ':: —
the cs«r on duty. When the *«_?• »aj
called in Judee Coolaa'a court the fallow
ing Monday Se« "U'ah pleaded guilty and
a fine of Jli was imposed.
Charlie Foo was at a banquet in ■■-■-•
town the folio wing 1 Thursday. November
S. when his purse containing J3- and the
receipt far the Jl» tail money stolen
from him. Friday morning a white man
called upon Clerk Rice of Judge Ccniar.'s
court and presented the receipt and got
an order en the City Treasurer for the
amount. The man signed Rice's book "A!
O'Neill." cut In the Treasurer's book he
signed :he name "H. Meyer" when the
meney was handed to him.
Charlie Fee reported tie theft of h!§
parse to police headquarters, but it was
not till Monday that the discovery of the
money having teen drawn from the
surer was made. Detective DUIor,
who was detailed en the case, asked Clerk
Rice tf !:e could girt any description of
the man who -resented the receipt to
him. but Rics rras enable to satisfy him.
as he could remember nothing. Dillon re
marked that the fact of a white man f-e
--s-cnti- a receipt for money put up by a
Chinese should have aroused suspicion in j
Bice's mind, but Rice thought differently.
The detective had no mere success in the
Treasurer's ofice tn getting a clew to ih*
identity of the man.
The fact w-is reported to Chief Lees
and he employed Theodore Kytka, the ex
pert on handwriting, to examine the sig
natures <_>n Rice's book and the Treas
urer's book in the hope that Borne clew
mig-ht be srotten of the forg-er. Kytka is !
now working ca the case. What puzzles (
the police is the peculiarity of the theft \
cf the purse, being 1 evidently the work cf
a Chinese thief, and a white man the nest
mcrnise presenting- the stolen receipt to !
Clerk Rice. There Is a suspicion that
when the facts re known a scandal may
be exposed that will !ea.d to trouble for
some people.
PRESBYTERTIAN LADIES' FAIR
:: anorial Church
tc Held Its Sixth Annual
-.r
Th» Lradies' Aid Society of Memoria!
Presbyterian Church will hold s:s sixth
£.nr:\:al bazaar to-day. Thursday and
Friiar. in the Opera-house Hail,
corner of Fourteenth and Railroad ave
nues. The larsre hail win b« a mass d
vari-colored btmttos and flowers; and ar
excellent musical ar.d literary pro grans il.-;
will provide entertaiztment for the visit
ors. The various booths and tnose in
char?-? are is follows:
Ice cr^Am and refreshments — Mr* O CA
W. Keilev. assisted by Mrs. P. Ayhms sV
Mrs. J. A. Hjde. Mrs. E. WaJrath. Miss
N'e-ti^ B'jms and Miss Jennie Bums. Fan
or Deedleirork— Mrs. T. C. Leary. Mrs. M.
& SehZDcdcenbacher. Mrs. H. N. Bevier.
I>3m?st:c needlework— Mrs. C. S. Kellev
ipi Mrs. h. S. HeDongai. Beehive— Miss
Ethel Hrde and assistants. Fancy cake
xx>th — Miss Bertha Ncnnennmann. and as
sistants. Confectlonerr— Miss Louisa
Lanrttxen. Miss Belle Rose. Mi?s Alice
A.T'nms. Lemonade— Miss Addie "Wairath.
Tent of Occult ism— One cl the Occults.
lanaale booth— Mrs. Paul Ayhrr.s Jr. an.i
:ha Misses Puijah. Grab ba? and doll
tioase — Mrs. J. s?*-r.«er, Mis* Clouth. Misa
Inez Smith. Shooting ?allerv — 'jeorge
Smith. ETower girls— Miss Alma Schrn«ck-
■ ♦ ■
In the Divorce Court
- - -. urn
' - ■ ■
■
ADTZ3TISZ^E2fTS.
hSE9EBB9SSEBESS2^^SE^SI^SI^SE&3^SSirP'
THE [i
I MANY CURES I
Z^?cte<3 ty ocr treatment U proof of Its f
; abaoint* rep«rtorlty orer a!l ethers. I
A 27 itj.3 nSerliic frenj cervotia da- 9
WUty, lost or falttag m»Bhood. or azy 9
I rrivite diseas* raralttoc fima yoatb- 3
ful errcrs. ■»xi*s3»s cr 'xpesure, can b- |J
i aasored <rf tpe*dy r»li*; as.i a p*nna-
cent ctxre by cur r-ic:<?-«afiil retn»d!»s. 1
This cra=.<i treatment »topa drains a&l i
:?s«*s. pcr-.Ses th* b:o<;<i. rwtorw tile =
- -- . an«i r^plac^i ec>»ryy. sower a=d 2
viscr. P
j PAY WHEN WELL.
; SuiTf-rrs who have any doubt aa to ■
i our abwily nay d'pcaSt tte prlc* of a 5
: cure la any saa Frascisco bank, to be !
paid to us only wins they are well; cr 3
p*yraects may b« rr.ai* inocthly.
j HOME CUR£S-FREE BOOK. J
If yoa cannct call, write for free ad- \
t rice, prtvat.* books, terms, prices, et;. i
i £ All I-tters confidential. Retae-iies KBt 1
1 ty mail cr express, free frcra cbserva- j
tisn. Please trentSoa Call ;
DR.MEYERS&CO.
1 731 MARKET ST.. S. F. *•
j TAKE EI-E^'ATOR TO THIRD FLOOR. \
1 [ Daily. $ ta S. '
HCCRS: 'Kv-nt=r>. -ta S. i
I ISicdays. 3 to 11. i
eaamXaJmH Hi tin Mh3tSaaftS^iiaciii^BiaaMcay
ffl ~% -^ -Tfc ~*^ ~*i> *^ Tj ~Tfc ~%. n, n^ t
i Visit DR. JORDAN'S greats
OF fiNfITCMY?
A £fc . 1^: SLLS22T ST. fcr- «»?Ji. U.^.
T M^ The L»rj««t Aaascouczt M-M*i3t in tSi *
A wJte.^ Wan-4. r*iii»i-ly«T»4 '-.,- '_-,:*
T •J'^C^J c v:l<« pr'»i«l»<-Ij' r»r«^ .-;» tS- ciotrf T
9 /He? $3 i f <c»:ias n tb« Ceauc Eit 36 y •:-».•> Q
i fl§ff J CE. JOWA»-WfVATE DISEASES #
\ f fiS-'^i C»3«a!:asaa fr-s lad strtetfy jitime. »
0 I Tyif S • ■ ' ■ ■ a d
r I * ll r*i - ' — "-r» m ■ (mi mi 1 |j, r
API II I ■* --- fcr a-: *. PBILOsoPBTcr i
fr I ,-i |« atonuti:. act.l^3 mzz. <At
A U ' isl'iiii s bocic tzr mn.) .
f 08. JiIBDO *CO . Hi Mirier- ~- Sf f
Dr - R - L. Walsh,
: y^^&-«»»aiV rag* GEART ST.. bet.
(^yYlii]~-TrjrJl^^^> Hy.ie and Larkla.
vf^» - AVf-" CrcwTm ."J".'.'"."J2.i>j
Sf ; f : T, %]£&*' Flesh-colnrM Plates
>U^ii- > -^"^ ■ 50.04)
Contlcaccs Gura Plates (no bad Jo!nts> our
tjeclaity. Hive received TEN first criies for
thl« brtßd at d*stl3try. No students. 14
years* erperlecc*.
w-k» *>/-> » : c:«« treatment. Per-
il 1 1 CC a*"®' cere. Eatirt time d«-
r* I i r' TGt * 3 *° «^ctal dUeaae*. Rei-
| I I>|>»J erences those csreti. So i.ir-
* »*^**^' terr. A. i. ATKINS. M.D..
ISS Satter « .. San Fr»Eel*r3:
tcurs, 1 tc 1 j. c.
Stall en the ground of faiitxre to provide.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Ar
thur M. Allen against Elma V. Allen. lor
desertion; Lina Mackrodt against August
Mackrodt, for desertion; Helena L. Milla
• :
" I Kettle Bl •
. -
TEACHERS WILL MEET
TO DISCUSS SALARIES
MASS XEETIXG AT GISLS 1 HIGH
SCHOOL.
Will Try tc Collect Pay Held Up La
November and December,
1898.
The school teachers will get together in
a big mass-cve«tlng at the Girls" High
School on Thursday to discuss the best
method of collecting the two months* sal
ary held up by the WaSler Board of Edu
cation In November and December, IS??.
The recent compromise with the mer
chant creditors of the School Department
left J2T.S3I In the hands of the Union
Trust Company to be divided among the
teachers and janitors in proportion to
their claims. That amount, however, is
far from enough to pay the pedagogues
in foil and they hesitate to accept it for
fear it will shut them out from any ben
efits likely tc accrue to them from the
citVs share in the "-" Inheritance tax.
Auditor Wells will attend the meeting on
Thursday and wiil explain the condition
of the available funds at the present
time and the teachers' committee is con
fident that some dennite plan of proceed
ure will b« agreed upon.
DIVINE SCIENTISTS
EXPOUND NEW CREED
HOLD THEIB AN'NTAL CGNGEESS
AT ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
Inaugurate Six Days' S-ession Wit'
iltisic, Discussions and "Uni
versal Treatment" of
th* Sick.
Over a hundred representatives of the \
International Divine Science Association [
met yesterday morning in Old Fellows' j
Hail to commence a six days' celebration ;
of its fifth annual congress. Th* rostrum j
from which the several speakers address- |
ed the convention was covered with the f
national flag, while from various points [
cf vantage ca the baiecny the same f
starry emblem fluttered. Representatives j
cf this branch of religious twlief were ■
present from various parti of the State. |
Many wise men of the East also were in j
attendance. At the morning- session the j
members of the congress devoted then:- j
selves to the subject of the truth of
Being." upon which topic ':.- K. IS.
Royd of San. Francisco. Mrs. Josephine I
R. Wilson oi Oakland. Dr. J. J. Plunkett j
of San Francisco, Dr. Edgar Eaton of San |
Jose, Henry Harrison Brown of San j
Francisco, Dr. J. J. Fuller of Oakland, (
Lydia A. Bell of San Francisco. Mrs.
Elizabeth Remmel of Alameda. Mrs.
Sara A. Eckxaa of San Francisco. Pro- |
fessor W. E. C. Smith of San Francisco;
and Miss Frances Elmira Cox of Boston |
addressed the audience. There was also ;
solo singing- by Mrs. Alice Eekmaa i
Cramer, a bymn by the congelation fol- i
lowed, and a* tren'euictioa closed the op«n- ;
ins session. At -.30 o'clock the aiternooa i
session began with an address of welcome i
by President M. E. Cramer: Mrs. Harvey ;
Kegar. and Mrs. A. E. Cramer sang a j
duet, and a solo was rendered by Miss
Marlon Cummins. Edwin D. Casteriine f
of San Joa^ recited an original po«m. with
the original title of "He Alethla," or !
"The Truth." Singing by the congre
gation ushered in the evening' sproceed
fngs, after which Miss Horatio W. Dress
er of B«3ston read a pap«r on the "Attain- •
ment of Harmony. " a Jack of which pre- I
vaiieii in the discussion which followed.
A ten-minute limit hung like the sword of j
Damocles over each orator, many of them ,
tnsins cut short by the ciang oi a relent- j
tees be.:. Miss Bertha Campe sans Qou
nod's "Oh. Divine Redeemer," after
which W. A. C. Smith of San Francisco
read a -.- . - on the **Lanmortaltty of j
Matter." which provoked a lively debate •
at its close. Miss Mary E. Butters of St.
Patera; Mine, discussed tie "Gates of t
P*arl," then there was more music by the j
congregation, followed by the ceremony ;
of "Universal Treatment." which is ac- <
complished In this manner: A prayer is j
offered, and then each member of the con- 1
rregation names an afflicted person. This i
is followed by ten minutes of perfect si- I
lence and prayer. The results are claim- j
ed to be imiMdiate. The congress will j
remain In session until Sunday, holding i
services each day.
WEATHER CLEARING UP.
v That the First Ba:r. .:
tbfl S^ascn Is Over.
riadct " b ' - -'■ '>" '
■ .
The weather
tess.
Reports of the Southern Pacific bulletins
show that there ha 3 been a general let up
tn the ralnpour all over the State. The
vicinity of Surf and Lonipoc was the only
section of the country visited by a shower
yesterday, and the fall there was very
trilling. ■'■,': _,
In the country around Biker-
Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz and about
Tehachapi the skies still remain overcast,
and it looks as though the farmers of
those sections might expect a little more
water before the sunshine comes to stay
a while.
Reoorts from Fresno also give the
weather i. very unsettled reputation, and
though the rain held off yesterday there
may "be expected another small shower or
two before It Quits for good-
The rest of the State sends In reports
much the same as those pertaining to San
Francisco— weather clear except at those
points near tidewater, where there Is con
siderable fog.
The weather In the Sacramento Valley
has cleared up and the barometer there
is rising 1 from 3.50. taken at 7 o'clock yes
terday morning.
HELD FOR MANSLAUGHTER.
Judge Slogan's Decision la the Case \
of Frank Mitchell, Charged
With Murder.
Frank Mitchell, grocer, who shot and
killed Frank McAuliffe on October 5. [
was yesterday held to answer before f
the Superior Court by Judge Mogan on a j
charge of manslaughter, and the Judge
fixed his bonds at JCCOO.
Th« Judge in reviewing the case said
he was satisfied the prosecution had not
told the truth in -_■-■■" the causes that
led up to the shooting. The positive .Ie- ;
nf&] of Joe McAuIISTe that Mitchell had
BOt been struck prior to the shooting wa.3 \
compared with the statements of the >
police and others as to the condition of |
iliicheil's face and his clothing. The \
Judge was satisfied that the shooting was .
done In the heat of passion and .- the
tlm* a certain provocation existed. He \
thought :t better that 'the plea of self-dc- j
fer.se should be left to the jury.
The Original Little Louisiana Co. of San
F.-a-.-is^o— Drawtnfc >oVember 11, 1899
No «OCS wins $T3C<I. sctd £3 Saa Fraacisco
ral ; No riTK wins CM. sold to Saa Fran
tfseo. Cat; No. 53T33 win* JICCO. %olil la 3ai
PrmadNg Cat.; No- »1K» w»a« C4O. sold b
3»a rrincisca Cal.: Nos. MS* and :i.»O eac!
K-ta tsa, sow ta Saa Fraacisco, CaL; Km
U«t. USML K>wT. KT3? and HliS *acb wia $L"j)
wi<J In. San Francisco. Cal. •
CAPITAL PRIZES
I f the Original Little Honduras Company.
Ticket Xo. 712«5» drawinc liQOT. •old fa Oak
land; a. i<3-c*at ticket. Na 3573. drawing |20£
sold tn San Francisco. The adders of the
above tickets will rt<relve their money by pre
testing- the tickets at the office oi Henry X
Cairn ~& Co.. 1S» Kearny St., Saa Francisco.
Cal. .^.y-^-'.- __- ■ ' •-:..
A Big Bond Issue.
The Union Trust Company has taken up {
the entire bond Issue of J3W.000 of" the {
People's Mutual Telephone Company, anil '<
a mortgage was filed yesterday ■•■ th th- {
Recorder. The bonds in for JIOCO each, |
bearing 5 per cent interest for thirty
years.
Welburn's Third Trial.
The third trial of ex-Internal Revenue
Collector Welburn has been set for De
cember 4.
BROUGHT CLOSE
TO DEATH BY A
"HELLO" SWITCH
Telephone Operator
Poisoned.
A BRASS BINDING THE CAUSE
COMPANY SEEKS TO SUPPRESS
NEWS OF THE CASE.
ilisa Mac Lowry. employed as an
operator by the telephone company at its
east ofSce at 1903 gutter street, is lying
at her home at 1J35 Vailejo street, at the
point of death from faiood poisoning, 'ihe
physicians called in to attend ncr offer
little hopo cf . . .-: recovery ar.d so far
have been able to do little to relieve r.er
suffering because of the peculiar and un
usual ca'-sa of her illness.
A few days a.za Miss Lowry cut ana
bruised the index finger of her right hand
while adjusting cne of the switca plugs
on the switchboard before her. She took
no notice of her wound at first; but later
noticed a deep discoloration round It and
felt severe pain. The pain and discolora
tion araduaily affectea her whole arm.
which by Monday night had swelled to
almost twice its normal size, and she was
compelled to take to her bed. Physicians
were called in, and upon learning the cir
cumstances surrounding the case im
mediately decided that she had been
poiscned by the brass binding on the
telephone plug. Every remedy was ap
plied, but the swelling progressed and
the pain Increased until almost her entire
rifht side was affected.
Upon iris* of '•-- illness of its em
ploye the telephone company -' once
issued orders to -' -- ~~ " "' and to all of
the other girLa in tv employ who were
aware of her condition and the reason for
Jt to say nothing to any one concernir.g
th«- cutter, and inquiries at the girl's
house -■--: to elicit any more
than that she was in a serious condition.
The company did everything rossible ..o
keep the case from the knowledge of the
public, but issued its orders too late, as
knowledge of the case had already rone
out among the medical fraternity and
Miss Lowry'a many friends about town.
GUILT OF IRA MOSS
CLEARLY ESTABLISHED
HIRED A SOLDIES TO PASS A
BAP BILL.
Falsely Accrued Mr. and 2lrs. HcMil
lea and Then Broke Dotm and
Confess6d That He Himself
Was the Culprit
S-ecret Service Agent uko and Ope
rator Cronin made further investigations
yesterday into the case of Ira Moss, held
in surveillar.ee for attempting to pass a
counterfeit United States cote, and after
subjecting- Moss to the sweating- process
swore to a complaint charging- him with
the offense for which he had teen held in
custody and formally arrested him and
turned him over to the United States Mar
shal.
Moss after repeated, denials of his
knowledge as to the character of the bill
finally made the statement that the bfl]
was given to him by J. 5. McMiiien, a
real estate dea!er of the firm of Darts &
MciUllen. McMillens wife keeps a lodg
ing house on Ellis street. Moss 1 story was
to the effect that McMiiien had received
the note in payment for some horses sold
by Mm. and that when he presented it
at the bank the bank officials advised
him to take the note to the Subtreasury
in case he (McMilien) had any doubt as
to Its not being a counterfeit. Moss de
clared further that MeMiilen had given
him the note and offered him JCS if he
succeeded !n passing it. Ross made no
denial of the fact that he knew the bfll
was bad. and admitted that he had of
fered two soldiers S3 if they would pass
the bill for him. He admitted also hav
ine given the note to Thomas rrew,
the soldier of the Forty-sixth Regiment,
to chanze Nolan's shoe store.
Mr and Mrs. McMiiien were summoned
to the United States Attorney's office in
the afternoon and made a statement
clearly establishing their innocence and
showing Mos3 to be a dead heat. Mrs.
McMiiien said that Moss came to her |
house shortly fore the arrest of the
soldier and showed her ths note, asking i
at the same time. "Ain't it a beaut V
They denied positively that they had ever
seen the note before. ;
Moss will appear before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock for prelim
inary examination at 13 o'clock this morn
ing- :
HOARD OF H EAL TH ANSWERS.
Will Proceed to Cios- the Nyinpiiia
Hotel Unless Restrained.
Notwithstanding the fact that the Grand
Jury has arrived at the conclusion that
the notorious Nyniphia Hotel, 733 Pacific
street, is a necessary evil and snould be
allowed to exist, the Board of Health en
tertains a different view, and unless final
judement is entered against it in the Su
preme Court the oSicers thereof will close
the den of vice. An answer was filed in
the Superi>c Court yesterday by the
Board of Health through its attorney.
Georg ■ A. Knight, to the petition of LU
lian Dale, the alleged proprietor of the
Nyrr.r In which she seeks, to enjoin
the board from carrying out condemna
lion proceedings and closing the place on
the ground that it is unsanitary and axtfit
for human habitation.
After making a general denial to each
and every allegation contained in the peti
tion filed by Lillian Dale a separate an
swer is joined with the original by che
board In which the character of the den
is fully set forth. It is alleeed that Lil
lian Dale Is not the proprietor of the place.
is alleged, but is simply an employe of the
Twinkling Star Improvement Company.
and hence the petitioner cannot be Irre
parably Injured by the closing of the
S'ymphia by reason of its unsanitary con
dition.
The answer is closed with a prayer to
the court to enter judgment dismissing
the defendants, with their costs, and
denying the petitioner's application for
an- injunction restraining the board from
proceeding to close the house In accord
ance with the resolution heretofore
parsed.
HOLD PYRAMID HARBOR.
Chamber of Commerce Acts en I
Alaska Boundary Question.
At a meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce yesterday the subject of the Alaska
boundary question was discussed at
length. The report from the East that
the United States is about to or has given
to Canada that territory Including the
Lynn canal and Pyramid Harbor was re
ceived with anything but favor. The
members, all of whom are familiar with
the subject of Russia's sale of the Ter
ritory cf Alaska, to America, are firmly
of the opinion that the territory in Ques
tion was included in the purchase, and
that it would be an unwarranted loss to
the United States to up any part
thereof to Uncle Sam's northern neigh
bor, no matter what the pretens* ■of a
claim may be. The secretary was in
structed to prepare a memorial to the
Secretary of State, earnestly protesting
that any F«rt of United States territory
in Alaska be up to Canada in the
settlement of the Alaska boundary mat
ter.
In Memcriain.
In the United States Circuit Court yes
terday morning Dr. E. R. Taylor, repre
senting the San Francisco Bar Associa
tion and a committee consisting of H. C
Campbell, E. D. Sawyer and Columbcs
BartietU presented to Judge M mm a
series of memorial resolutions with re
spect to the death of Attorney E. J.
Pringie, who passed away on April 2L
Judee Morrow ordered the resolutions
spread on the minutes and the court ad
journed out of respect to the memory of
the dead lawyer. The resolutions were
published in The Call at the time of their
adoption by the Bar Association.
It Is a pleasure to be chared and take a re
frsahlss bath at Val'sty's sharing parlors, £25
Bread way; prtvato eamsßSa to tacss. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
iCopyrigh:. 1599, by Beymom I
111. BEADING COURSES AND A
GIRL'S LIBRARY.
The Value of Reading.
This Is an era of knowledge. Women
and men of education were never more
needed than at the present day. The in
formation of- the daughter should when
she becomes a woman surpass that which
the mother possessed at the same age.
The attainments which suSced a quarter
of a century ago will not answer at pres
ent. It is not possible for every gin to
attend a high school until she receives a
graduation diploma. At the same time
it is cheering to know that very few
young persons have any excuse for grow
ing ny In ignorance. The most Intelligent
and useful women are not all included
among those who received the valued
pcrchment on commencement day.
HzKY a happy home Is presided over by
a woman whose name was never pub
lished In the honor class lists of school or
college. Chicago and other large cities in
America have thousands of homes made
comfortable and beautiful by ladies who
when girls had to assist in making a Uv
ing for themselves before the age cr ■
was reached. This Is not said to dispar
age the benefits of educational institu
tions. Indeed, the advantages of high
schools and colleges are becoming more
recognized every day. It is apparent.
however, that the great mass of people
cannot afford to remain long at school.
Are they to remain ignorant? Are the
many avenues of usefulness which are
open only to persons of intelligence to be
closed to those who scarcely entered the
grammar school? Has the girl who is
obliged to remain at home and to assist
her mother In housework no chance cf
becoming fairly well informed? Most
progress in knowledge cease for the one
who is no longer called by the teacher's
bell? Is the period of education ended for
the young women who work tn factories,
stand behind the counter or go out to
service? A negative reply must be given
to each cf these inquiries.
The giri who reads good books Is not
likely to remain uneducated. The benefits
of reading, observation and refiection are
open, to aiL The proper study of books
will put a young woman In possession of
knowledge which promotes her happiness
and usefulness. Knowledge will give her
skill tn discharging the duties of life and
increased power in executing Its purposes.
Marty a woman has received an inspira
tion from a book that has lifted her to a
higher position In society. There is no
more potent stimulus to a higher Ufa
than tlie words of good men and women
as recorded In their writings. Books make
people think. It Is the thoughtless gtrJ
that remains uneducated. Book 3 are a
means of refinement and culture. The
young woman who wishes to have a
clear head, a well-stored mind and a sym
pathetic heart will be helped in her pur
pose by judicious reading. The beauty
and grandeur of what is past or distant Is
dark to the person who does net read.
The girl who can read with appreciation
the work 3of eminent writers places her
self in contact with a spirit far larger
than her own. To hold converse with
the great and the rood is possible for
every one who will study the pages of lit
erature. The works cf Shakespeare, Mil
ton. Tennyson and Longfellow have power
to promote noble sentiments, to give re
finement of manner and to Inspire to
higher aims the struggle of life. No girl
can read the writings of Emerson, George
Eliot, Hawthorne or Dickens without feel
ing an impulse to greater usefulness. A
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Gapjzigbt, 1899. by S*ymour Eaton.
I. AKITHXETTC 0£ THE WOBK
SHOP.
Lesson No. 5.
There re 3. Caw tables -which the ycur.g
student cf arithmetic will find It to his ad
vantage to know all the time; that is, to
know so well that a. ready reckoner will
not be necessary. The following may be
committed to memory:
There are 1160 yards cr 52=0 feet In a
mile.
There are 4 inches In a hand. 7.52 inches
in- a link and 5 feet in a fathom.
A surveyor's chain of 10} links Is equal
to 4 rods, or 22 yards, or €6 feet. There
are 220 rods cr SO chains in a mile.
The circumference of the earth Is di
vided into 350 degrees, each degree at the
equator containing S> knots, or nautical
miles: consequently the circumference of
the earth— viz.. 121,353.4315 feet— divided by
tSOXfO or 21.600 gives the length of a knot
—viz.. about «S feet. It may be remem
bered that ■- knots equal ISO miles.
There are 4540 square yards in an acre
and £40 acres In a square mile. There are
ID square chains In an acre.
There are 27 cubic feet in I cubic yard
and 172S cubic Inches In a cubic foot. A
cubic foot of water weighs ISJQ ounces.
There are 12S cubic feet in a cord.
One cubic yard of solid earth is about
1U cubic yards after being dug-.
The carat Is used by jewelers to express
the fineness of gold. Pure gold consists
of _ . carats. Standard gold is 22 carat 3
fine-
In its composition -prater consists of lo
parts by ■eight of oxygen and 2 parts ty
weigfat of hydrogen. By measure the
oxygen, to hydrogen in water is as 1 to 1
In flooring, shingling, etc.. a hundred
square feet is called a square.
Sound travels in air 1142 feet a second,
in water 4500 feet a s«»ccnd and In Iron
17,500 feet a second.
The diameter of a circle is to the cir
cumference as 7 Is to 9 or. more nearly,
as i is to 2.1413. The diameter X 3-1415 =
the circumference. The radius squared X
3.1415 = the area. The diameter squared :<
3.14H rs the area of the sphere. One-sixth
of the cube of the diameter X 3.1415 = -.he
solfdity of the sphere.
We conclude our lessons in the arithme
tic of the workshop with ten review prob
lems as follows:
1. How many feet of lumber In D sticks
of timber each IS inches by IS inches and
each 33 feet long?
2. A board walk at a «eashore res - £3
In the form of a semicircle. The outer
radius (AB) Is 3253-ieet and ■ ■■i walk is
II feet wide. If the lumber used is 2
Inches thick how many feet are required?
3. Find the cost of painting both sides
of a 12-foot tight board fence around a
circular racecourse m miles In diameter
MARY CARR'S DEATH.
Two Verdicts, One of Manslaughter,
Rendered in Her Case.
Coroner Hill held an Inquest yesterday
upon the body of Mrs. Mary Carr of
Twenty-second and Michigan streets, who
died last Saturday. The witnesses testi
fied to the fact of Carr coesle* fc==ie
Erst class newspaper . or magazine ha*
materially added to the enjoyment of
many a family. It Is no disgrace to have
been unable to gain a college education.
It is, however, almost inexcusable for any
one to remain Ignorant or illiterate tn this
age of valuable literature.
Hot to Choose Books.
----- object of reading is the for
mation of character. As an instrument
cf education, the only test to apply to a
book !s the benefit it confers on the
reader. TThen a gir! takes up her time
with a bock she should feel satisfied as
to its wort Dees it supply her with use
ful knowledge? Knowledge ir valuable.
bat probably the greatest benefit a book
confers comes from i:s sug-gestiveress.
The Inspiration rained Is serviceable only
-i. -_ - It can be turned to good account.
If a book uzr£t3 for life's duties or do=3
not produce good thoughts it should be
thrown .aside, Many a young woman has
read a hundred books and has less Intel
ligence than one who has limited herself
to a dozen. Not only so, but it Is un
fortunately true that harmful books ara
not read by boys alone. Many books are
also dangerous no^ so much on account
of the <zacstlonat>le morals they teach as
en account of the check they give to in
tellectual growth. The influence of what
one reads can be avoided no mere than,
the air that is breathed. The intellectual
atmosphere In which seme girls -ive pro
motes naental stagnation- A rourg
woman has been known to be so absorbed
In a trashy novel while traveling for the
first time through Switzerland -3 to be
oblivious to the grandeur of the scenery
visible from her car window. -
It is cot enough for a girl to avoid bad
bcoks. Of good works a choice must be
made. The most industrious reader must
b-» sa-tisSed to remain- Ignorant cf thou
sands of valuable books. It is
estimated that I3.C<XJ new books ap
pear every year. Some libraries
contain as many as 3.C<!O.C*» vol
umes. It is evident a judicious choice is
essential. Life is too short for time
to be washed. "Every 'book," says Fred
eric Harrison, "that we take up without
a purpose is an opportunity lost of taking
up a book with a purpose: every bit cf
stray Information which we cram Into
our heads without any sense cf its im
portance Is for the most part a bit ot
most useful information driven out of our
heads and choked off from our minds.
• • • To know anything that tunas
up is. In the Infinity of knowledge, to
know nothing. To read the first book we
come across in the wilderness of books
is to learn nothing." Schopenhauer well
says: "It i 3 of permanent importance to
acquire the art not to read; in- other
words, of not reading such bocks as oc
cupy the public mind, or even those which
make a noise in the we rid and reach sev
eral editions." To have read the best
books thai have been written by the best
writers Is to have mastered a great deaf.
Matthew Arnold with much truth re
marks: "For when we say that culture
is to know the best that has been thought
and said in the world we imply that for
eßlluw a, system directly tending to this
end Is necessary in cur reading." It is cf
the first Importance to every girl that she
should-read such books as will foster the
highest type of womanhood, and prepare
her to be a useful member of society.
Note — "The ; Reading of Novels'* and
"How to Read" in the topics to be pre
sented next week.
at x cents for eacii square of 100 squar*
feet
4. Brown's and Smith's land fs separated
by a rsiiway. as shown in the -ram.
AE is 6J rods. EF is 5 rods. FB is 15 rods.
AC is 4 s rods. CG is 10 rods. How many
acres are owned by each and how many
by the railway?
5. How many feet of inch lumber in 60
packing boxes (outside measurement),
each ZVx feet by 3 feet by 2^5 feet?
5. Find the area in square feet of a tri
angle the base of which is VJt yards and
the perpendicular height 8 feet.
7. How many cubic feet in a column cf
marble 24 feet high and 2 feet 4 inches ia
diameter? Find the area. In square feet
of the surface cf the column (exclusive of
the ends).
S. How many cords of tan bark is a pile
*4 yards long, 24 feet wide and 15 feet
_-
-
■
F
-
-
ks 7is 1 a
■
-
Hints and Answers.
Lesson Xo. 5— (!) S72J board feet. f*>
QKJBt beard feet. Fled the area of th*»
outer circle and subtract from this Uw
area of the inner circle. Take one-h.-Uf
of the difference to jr*t th* area of t*>»
semicircle. «3) 51333 S2. ft> Brown ha 3
10^ acres ar.d Smith has 12 acres: there
are :-- acres in the land occupied by th»
railway. (5> 3210 board feet. (5) 42 squar*
feet. (T> 103 2-3 cubic feet: m scuare feet
(p H3SSJ cords. <3) W». <W) ZLii cufctc
feet.
Courses of Instruction.
Antusa- Winter Term. 1539-19C0.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular Stnd
ies la Shakespeare. Tuesdays: The
( World's Great Artists. Wednesdays:
i Desk Studies for Girls and Shoo and
I Trade Studies for Boys. Fridays: G^ea;
| American Statesmen. Saturdays: Home
; Science and Household Economy. Tnts*
I courses wttl continue until Februarr 15.
{ 1300. Examinations will be held at tteir
I close as a basis fcr the granting of cer-
I tiScates.
drunk and slapping his wife as shs lay
sick in bed and of other acts cf cruelty
and neglect on his part. Dr. Zabala testi
fied that Mrs. Carr came to her death
from tuberculosis and valvular heart dis
ease, a natural cause.
The jury, all but ons. returned a verdict
of death from natural causes, bur. Joseph
Kelly handed fa a minority verdict charg
inz Carr -with manslaughter.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Pronounced decline in Silver. Xo change in Exchange.
Wheat futures advanced. Freights firm.
Other cereals remain as previously quoted.
Beans no higher, but very strong.
Liberal receipts of Flaxseed front the north.
Hay in much lighter receipt. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Potatoes as before. Onions and Tomatoes higher.
Poultry doing better under lighter receipts from the East
Game still bringing aristocratic quctatiom.
Oranges. Lemons and Limes quiet.
Grapes higher and getting scarce.
Cranberries firm a>ui in active demand.
Dried Fruits active and firm except Prunes.
Nuts, Raisins and Honey in good shape for sellers.
Butter coming in soft and sloppy from Humboldt.
Ranch Eggs scarce and very firm* Cheese unchanged.
Hams squar&ly down to 12 i-2c. Heavy Bacon firm.
Barreled Provisions higher and in good demand.
Hops immovable and depressed.
Hides active and firm. Tallow quiet and weak.
' selling off freely, with another advance expected,
market as previously quoted.
Coal firm, -with moderate supplies.
Canned Fruits and Vegetables very sir ong.
Oils show no changes.
Charters.
The Allen A '"ads redwood at Eureka for ,
Honolulu: William 11. Smith, lumber at Ta
coma for Honolulu; J. M. Weatherwax, lum- j
ber at Tacoma for Kahului.
The Inverurle loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 42s 6d; Lamorna, wheat at Tacoma
for Europo, 40s.
Exports oi Produce.
Exports of produce from 'his port during
the first ten months of the year were $29,529.
--000, against J2a.173.000 during the same time in
IK'S, the leading items being as follows: To i
Atlantic ports. j2.474.i\i>; ">r.»at Britain, $6,2R9,
--("-■0; China, 53,"67,3'W: Japan. $2,951,200; Aus
tralia. $1,353,400; Mexico, (1,213,30 Central
America, $1, ISO, 500; Hawaiian Islands, $7,329,
--: ■■
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial says:
"There is a fair demand for all ' varieties
of dried fruHs, bui r.o orders are large. Th* !
outlook is encouraging, however, and holders
are confident that prices on all varieties will j
Improve with the advancing season. Stocks j
are not heavy for the season, but there seems
to be fume reluctance to buy in large quan
tities and speculative interest Is entirely want-
Ing. The feeling among holders is one of con
lidence, but there Is little attempt to force !
the mnrkiit by urging sides which might react I
and injure those who undertook such tactics. I
"The total pack of peaches Is placed at
1300 cars, against an estimate of 15W to 2000
cars made earlier in the season. Probably
not 200 cars are now left In first or second
hands. Everything is cleaned out on orders j
with eight -months' consumption ahead. By
the end of the year practically nothing will be ;
left. Prices are very tirm and trade is mod- !
erately active, but buyers show no inordinate >
dt-sire to load up.
"Prunes appear to be moving moderately
well on the coast, but if holders would meet I
li'.jyers' ■■■< better there would be more
business. The heavy carry over of lost sea- I
eon's goods' had a depressing effect all the I
year, but.lt Is understood that what are left
will soon be cared for and that the new crop I
will then have clear sailing. Large holders
are confident and show no disposition to urge
sales. Higher prices are looked for.
"Pailsins are steady, but the high price of
California goods is forcing handlers to take i
larger quantities of foreign varieties, par- j
ticularly the Malaga layers and Valenclaa, j
which can be laid down In this market s@Sc
under similar grades of California goods.
L r »ose Muscatels ire steady, but trading ap
pears to be rather lighter at present, con
sumptive wants seeming to have been satis
fied."
Weather Report.
M2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. November 14—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with thos» of same date last
season, a.'.d rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Stations — Last This Last
24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 5.79 4.03
Re.l Bluff 0.00 4.51 O.Sil
Sacrarnr-nto 0.00 6.52 i.OO
Han Francisco ...... 0.00 5.44 1.02
Fresno Trace 2.50 1.15
Independence 0.42 0.73 0.31
San Luis Obispo 0.04 4.42 0.59
J- - Angeles ; 0.16 1.73 0 18
San Diego 0.36 « 0.78 0.07
Tumi 0.60 0.5S 0.18
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, f>fi; mean. CO.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy and threatening weather
prevails over the Pacific slope. Light rain
has fallen during the day over the southern
portion of California. Western Ar)7ona and
Northwestern Washington.
The pressure has fallen slightly In all dis
tricts, except over the southern and central
portions of California, where there has been
a slight rise.
The temperature ha« fallen decidedly over I
the southern portion of California and over
Arizona: elsewhere It. has generally risen. '
Conditions are favorable for showers In Cali
fornia Wednesday, with cooler weather in the
valleys.
Forecast mnde at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, No\ ember 15 ISS9:
Northern California — Showers Wednesday
cooler; fresh southerly wind.
Southern Ca!ifornia---Sho\vers. followed by
falr weather. Wednesday; light variable winds
Nevada- Showers, cooler Wednesday
Utah— Showers Wednesday.
, < Arizona-Showers, followed by fair weather,
Wednesday; warmer ear Yuma.
P:m Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, with
Fhowers, Wednesday; cooler; fre^h southerly
wln(1 G. H. WILLSON.
Loco Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. n._T>rices of stocks
traversed , lite a wide range during the day
throughout the list, but net changes are almost
fractions, and the majority on the side of
losses. Money market prospects continued the
dominant Influence In the trading. The events
of yesterday had turned nearly an the traders
on the bull side, and the market opened with
an upward move] In prices, which extend
ed to a large fraction on the avarage before
a reactionary tendency 'loped. Continued
buying by London helped on the advance and
there was special strength In a number of In
dividual stocks, notably In General Klectric
which rose an extreme four points on'rumors
of an extra dividend, and consolidated Gas
which .was up at one time five points on a
periodical rumor of a settlement of the local
gas war. There was a continuance of the
heavy absorption of Southern Pacific which
gave a healthy tone to the railroad llstl Profit
taking sale* In this stock were detected at an
early period of the trading and had not a little
to do with checking the general upward ten
dency. The decisive inlljenoo in turning prices
downward was the realization that yesterday's
easing of the money rate v.-a« due to a sporadic
supply of funds and not to any radical chance
In the condition of the money market. a large
portion of the funds loaned yesterday was at
tributed to a cash deposit by one of the rail
roads- for t'je purpose of taking up an old
underlying issue of bonds. This supply of
money had the effect of offsetting the calling
In pf loans .at the bank?, • made necessary by
the depletion 01 reserves and prevented the
stringency of the money market, which had
been feared. The effect was manifest to-day as
well ■'■ yesterday, the rate for call loans not
sroinK above 7 per cent and ruling generally
below that But the sterling exchange rate
showed a quick response to this easing of the
local money rate and moved an. additional
fraction upward away from the gold Import
point This caused a cessation or the talk of
immediate gold imports, on which was based
the upward movement of yesterday in stocks.
Thus the hope of relief by an upward move
[ ment of gold had to be abandoned for the time
being. In the meantime the absorption of
funds by the sub-treasury and the probable
continuance of demands from the Interior have
still to be reckoned with. Discouragement
overcame the operators /or a rise and they
proceeded to. sell out their holdings, wiping out
the rlter gains and carrying prices below last
, night's level.
Considerable speculative activity la diverted
to the cotton market, where the development
■ of a foreign demand indicates the relinquish
' ment by foreign buyers of their altitude of
j waiting for lower prices. As bearing on the
general money situation, it is Important to
note that advices from the South report money
in abundant supply there, po that planters
have been able to obtain accommodations tor
holding their cotton for higher prices. The
largely Increased supply of cotton bills in the
exchange market in the last few days with the
movement In cotton will naturally result in the
early release of fund? in the South and hasten
the return flow of money from that region.
Prices of bonds moved somewhat irregularly
In sympathy with stocks. Total sales, par
value. $2,030,000. United States new fours and
fives advanced '•* In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ;
Shares Closing ;
Sold. Stocks — Bid. i
2.1u0 Atcnison - 22 : *
17.425 Atchison prefd t>4*s
2,325 lialtimore &. Ohio 514 j
....... Canadian Pacific 94>* |
Canada Southern 52**1
2,025 Chesapeake & Ohio 27 1 ? j
5.65 ii Chicago Great Western H 1 * |
7,0fi0 Chicago Burlington & Quincy L 31% I
Chicago Ind & Louis IPs |
Chicago Ind & Louis pretd 42
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois Bo 4
3:«o Chicago S Northwestern 167
LO7B Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 112%
4.330 CC C & St.Louis 59 !
2.4C0 Colorado Southern 6%
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46V*
100 Colorado Southern Zd prefd IM-s
1,000 Delaware & Hudson 119 1 *
100 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. lßß%
Penver & Rio Grande 21
800 Denver Ac Rio Grande prefd 74&
Erie 13
100 Erie let prefd 37
410 Great Northern prefd 173
300 Hocking Coal 19
Hocking Valley 31 3 i •
844 Illinois Central 114 j
lowa Central 13**
100 lowa Central prefd 5S
600 Kansas City Plttsburg- & Gulf BVi
Lake Erie & Western IS
Lake Erie & Western prefd 77
Lake Shore 198
5.070 Louisville 4: Nashville 85>^
43.450 Manhattan L 102">,
4,266 Metropolitan Street Railway ILI 1 /*
300 Mexican Central 13
Minn <&. St Louis 1 70 j
.: Minn & St Louis prefd 74 Vi
5,100 Missouri Pacific 47^, !
Mobile & Ohio.. «4Vi
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12 £
1,200 Missouri Kansas At Texas prefd 38
3,350 New Jersey Central 122
1,330 New York Central 136
4,470 Norfolk & Western 2GH
500 Norfolk & Western prefd 69%
4,7b5 Northern Pacific 52 V a
400 Northern Pacific prefd 74« 8 :
1,420 Ontario & Western 25
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
2,010 Pennsylvania 129
100 Reading 20V4
3.440 Reading Ist prefd 6SVi
1,400 Reading 2d prefd 3U%
200 Rio Grande Western 37' ■,
Rio Grande Western prefd 53
St Louis & San Fran lv : 2
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70Va I
200 St Louis A: San Fran 2d prefd 36
200 St Louis Southwestern 13
710 St Louis Southwestern prefd 31
6,417 St Paul 1245*
150 St Paul prefd 170%
St Paul ii Omaha 117^j
139.010 Southern Pacific .' 42' 4
I.OOU Southern Railway 13
6,470 Southern Railway prefd 56% :
400 Texas & Pacific ISVi
B.CSS Union Pacific 47 1 /*
4,639 Union Pacific prefd 75%
820 V.' abash 7"-,
1,4 Wabash prefd 21%
4,200 Wheeling & L E 10%
1.700 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 23.2
2,234 Wisconsin Central ':<*»
Express Companies—
Adams 112
MO American 148
United States 47%
Wells, Fargo & Co 127
Miscellaneous—
700 American Cotton Oil 44V4
240 American Cotton Oil prefd 05V4
100 American Malting 12%
100 American Malting prefd 4.V*
i.42" American Smelting & Refining 3t".'<!
1,1*2 Am Smelting £ Refining prefd — S"Vi
125 American Spirits 4
American Spirits prefd 17
JO" American Steel Hoop 43>4
200 American Steel Hoop prefd S2'4
3.200 American Steel & Wire 47^*
100 American Steel fi Wire prefd 93V»
200 American Tin Plate 31V»
300 American Tin Plate prefd 82
8.400 American Tobacco HSii
American Tobacco prefd 143
400 Anaconda Mining Co 4;i^
86,350 Brooklyn Rapid Transit K6%
2.000 Colorado Fuel A Iron 52^
6,250 Continental Tobacco 41^
3.743 Continental Tobacco prefd 91
9,250 Federal Steel 55%
1.010 Federal Steel profd 78
7,258 General Electric 124 ',
1,010- Glucose Sugar 4S\
500 Glucose Sugar prefd 98
4CO International Paper 25%
100 International Paper prefd i;;<u
200 Ladede r.n.i 77
National Biscuit 41
National Biw!ult prefd 100
100 National Lead .. 28"£
National Lead prefd 107
1,556 National Steel <c' 4
National Steel prefd 94^
New York Airbrake 14"."
600 North American ]«?..
800 Pacific Coast r,r,if
Pat-tflo Coast Ist prefd 35
Pacific Coast 2d prefd ' gg
r.,1«0 Pacific Mall ."' i2 i.
4,200 People's Gas "ill'"
150 Pressed Steel Car " -,r ]f /
Propped Steel Car prefd — g^i? i
100 Pullman Palace Car !" iv I
1,225 Standard Rope & Twine .. ' " nil
64.555 Sugar ... .'!"153V4
Sugar prefd U7H
2,000 Term Coal & Iron 115
18.790 United States Leather .... . "' '->■-'
2.450 United States Leather prefd " " 70^
K0 United States Rubber .. '—'-• 47
S.fcOO United Slat* Rubber prefd ......
415 Western Union " cci;
MM Republic Iron & Steel . ~ " 2°.V
210 Republic lion & Steel prefd. '.'.'. " m *
P c C & Ht L ......'.', 74
496,600 Total Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
DS 2s reg 100% IM K&T Ms 70
U S .''B reg lOSHIM X & T 4s 92
v S 3s coup lOSVi NY Central lsjts..H2>i !
U S new 4h reg... 120% N J Cent cen.55...12n
N S new 43 c0up. .123%j.\' Carolina 6s 127
U s old 4b reg U2V4IN Carolina 4s 104
U S old 4s coup..-. 112% Pacific tstß 113
US 5s reg 11l N Pacific 35........ 65
U S 63 coup in |N Pacific 4s 101U
Diet of Col 3.665. ..117 N T C & St L 4«..105
Alabama class A.. ;N & W con 45... 92%
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1899.
Alabama class 8.. 110 N& W gen 6s 135
Alabama class C..101 (Or Nay lsts 108
Alabama Currency. loo Or Nay 4s 103
Atchison gen 48... 98% Or Short Line 65. .128%
Atchlson adj 45... SIV'Or S L con 5s 114
Canada So 2ds 108% l Reading Gen 45.... 86%
Ches & Ohio 4y.5.. 95% R G W ls>ts 96) i
Ches & Ohio ss. IIK'4 SL & I M C 55.. .110
C & NW con 78.. .140% S L & S F G 65... 124%
CNW S F deb 55.118 St Paul C0n5015.. ..163
Chgo Terminal 45.. 97% -S PC & P lets. 118
D & R G lsts 102% S P C & P 5s 120%
D & R G 4s 99 ' ISo Railway 5s 10S
E TennV&Ga 15t5.103% (Stand It & T fix... 84
Erie General 45.... 71 Term new set 35... 93
F W & 1) C lets... 73% Tex & Pac 1Mb. ..114
Gen Electric 65. ...119 Tex & Pac 2ds 55
G H & S A 65... 109 jUnlon Pacific 45... 103
Q H & S A 2d8....109% lsts 114%
H & T C 5s 110% Wabash 2ds 100
H & T C con 65... 110 West Shore 4s 113%
lowa Central lsts.. 113% Wts Cent lsts 75
Kan C P & o lsts. 71% Va Centuries 85%
La new cons 4s 100 Va Deferred 6
L & N Unl 4s 99% I Colo & So 4b 84%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15. Ontario 7 00
Crown Point 10 Ophlr "0
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 17'
Gould & Curry 20 Quicksilver prefd.. 7 00
Haie & Norcross... 35 Sierra Nevada 34
Homeptake 65 00 Standard 2 SO
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 24
Mexican 2S Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End prefd... lls
Call loans 6%@7 ■ Westing hse Elec. . 39
rime loans 6%@« Wls Central 20%
Stocks — Dominion Coal .... 45
AT& 3 F 22 Dora Coal prefd. . .ll7*4
AT& S F prefd.. 64% Bonds-
American Sugar .163% I Atchison 4» 98
Am Sugar prefd.. 117%' Adventure 6
Bell Telephone ...353 Allouez Mm C 0.... 3%
Boston & Albany. .2s9 Atlantic 24V*
Boston Elevated. ..lo4 'Boston & Mont 308
Boston & Maine... 2os Butte & Boston — 63
Chgro. Bur & Q....l3l%:Calumet & Hec1a..743
Fitchburg prefd ...121 Centennial 22%
General Electric. ..124%, Franklin 17
Federal Steel 55%,Humboldt l^s
Fed Steel prefd.... 78 Osceola S 2 L *
Mexican Central... Parrot 42
Old Colony 209 iQuincy 150
Old Dominion 29 Santa Fe Copper... 7%
Rubber 47 Tamarack 213 \
Union Pacific 47 Wlnona 7
L'nion Land 3Vi Wolverines 42 .
West End 93 Utah Mining 35
The Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14. — Money on call, firm
at S@B per cent; last loan. 6 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 6@5% per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 Ssi?4 So,*, for demand and at $4 SO-y*<g)
4SI for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 SH s 82
ana $4 >•>:■■ 1 1 m;< v . Commercial bills, $4 80%
Silver certificates, 59®60c. Bar silver, 55%0.
Mexican dollars, 47V4c. Government bonds,
strong. State bonds, inactive. Railroad bonds,
irregular. ;.:- - : :"'■>-*
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance. $291,021,194; told re
serve, $255,424,324.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: '
The markets here were cheerful at the opening
to-day, but they weakened on fear of dearer
money. The County Council six months' bills
for £600.000 went high, averaging £4 Ss 7d pre- I
mlum. This with yesterday's fall in American
exchange caused consols to drop 3-10 to 10%.
Americans began strong, half a point above
parity. There was feverish buying until after
noon, when prices weakened on early sales
from New York, which then bought t-llghtlv,
but finally sold, making the close weak. The
strongest feature was Southern Pacific, due to
operations at the Speyer's. The range was
45-H to «4-', Spanish fours were 64%; Tlntos,
45 B Si: Anacondas, 9 1 , i; Utahs, 7%; Bostons.
21 3-16; Avindoes. IV
The bank bought £110,000 sold In French
coin and sent £ 000 to the Continent.
Bills were nominally 4% to-day, awaiting the
payment to-morrow on the £3.(00,000 treasury
bills and the change settlement. No great
squeeze Is expected, as the market Is prepared.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. 14.— Canadian Pacific. 97%;
T'nion Pacific preferred, 7 1 - 1 -; Northern Pacific
preferred, 77 7 -; Atchlson, 23V&: Grand Trunk,
7..: Anaconda, 9%: Bar Silver, 26 15-16 d per
ounce; Money, 2-2 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14— FLOUR— Receipts.
41.415; exports, 13.940 barrels. Sales, 12,000 pack
ages. Market opened weak, but rallied with
wheat and closed generally steady. Low grades
quite out of stock and nominal.
WHEAT— . sales, 2.270,000 bush
els futures, 200,000 spot. Spot— Steady; No. 2
red, 73c f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 76V4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
7SVic f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 2 red. 72%»c ele
vator. Options — Opened weak at He decline
under lower cables and generally bearish con
ditions with an absence of outside speculation.
Later the market rallied **c on covering, not
withstanding Bradstreet's visible supply in
crease and closed firm at a net advance of Si©
He. March, 74 13-16c@75Hc, closed 75>4c; May,
75 5-ICc@76V2C, closed 75c; December, 7HiQ)
72 1-lfic, closed 72c.
HlDES— Steady.
LEATHER Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
I METALS — weakness of the past week or
: more In the metal markets of this country and
abroad was Increased materially to-day. Tin
was notably depressed, closing at the lowest
level in months. Cable and telegraphic news
was adverse to the market, leading to liberal
offerings at lower quotations and conservatism
on the part of buyers. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PIG --Warrants easy, with March and
April rated Sir, 50@15 75.
LAKE COPPER— at $1?.
TlN— Easy, with $26 50 bid and $26 70 asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 57V4 bid and $4 62%
SPELTER— DuII, with $4 C 5 bid and $4 75
asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for
i copper $17.
j COFFEE— Options closed steady; November
i 15c lower other months unchanged to 10 points
lower.. Sales, 24,500 bags, Including December,
$5 20@f 'jr.: January, $5 2. r .'«7r» 30; February, $5 30(<j
5 35: March, $0 Sofe'S 40; May, S3 45*05 50; June,
$5 50; July, $5 60 September, $.'. T.'.'f} r. 80; Octo
ber. $5 v '7.' S5. Spot— Rio, quiet and nominal;
No. 7 Invoice, 6V4c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6'{c. Mild-
Quiet; Cordova, i ll%c.
GAR— Raw, Irregular, buyers and sellers
apart; fair refining. 3 13-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test,
■11..-;I 1 ..-; molasses sugar, 3 9-16 c. Refined—
BUTTER— Receipts 8376 packages. Market
strong: Western creamery, 18@25c; June cream
ery. ls<Sl24e; factory, 15f17c.
EGGS— Receipts 9131 packages. Strong;
Western ungraded at mark, 14520 c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov 14.— California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6<g-7c;
prime wire tray. 7%<38c; choice, BV<SSVic; fancy
tSH'SSe-
PRUNES— 3>*ifSV;c.
APRICOTS-Royal, 13fil»c; Moorpark, 15@18c
PEACHES-Peeled. 20S§22c; unpeeled. 7V4®loc
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.-Reports of light domes
tic receipts were the only Items that bulls
could confront the bearish array of statistics
with at the opening of the wheat market to
day, the initial December G6V&Qj°GC?ti,
May 70te@70%— showed a loss from yesterday's
close of from He to %«. The chief factor in
the weakness was the prediction of an Argen
tine crop authority that prospects pointed to a
large Argentine crop. Harvesting of this crop
began last year on November 19, and the pre
diction, evidently not much in advance of the
beginning of harvesting, had immediate effect.
Liverpool, which had opened firm, declined and
closed weak. The market here rallied after
the opening on covering by shorts and buying
apalnst puts, December touching 66% c and May
7.. ■.. On profit-taking December eased off to
f.G'&c and May to 70% c. An Impression that the
continuous liquidation of the aaßt few days
had resulted In an oversold market was ap
parently verified when shorts in greater num
ber again sought cover. ■ This was little apt to
be had at the low mark and prices steadied
December advanced to 67Hc and May to 71Hc
December ! closed ',ie over yesterday at 67% c
and May Vie to Vie higher, at 71>4!g'71*»c, both
options bavins eased off a bit on profit-taking
near the close.
There was an increase in the world's visible
of 7,000,000 bushels, almost double expectations
Advices from Argentina were that including
wheat left over there would between 90.000 -
000 and 100,000,000 bushels for export next year
Corn was weak early with wheat, but the
loss was more than recovered. December closed
Me to He lower, at 31V4@3^c May closed un
changed, at 32H0.
Oats followed In the wake of, the other mar
ketß. The spread between May and December
was narrowed to . a difference of lHe. Brad
street's cave a decrease In the world's visible
of 670,000 bushels. The range was only «c
December closed He higher, at 22^ac; May Vie
higher, at 23?<,c. ■ ■■■:.:,-*' *
Provisions suffered from the depression of
| hog; prices and the weakness of the Liverpool
I market for American products. There was
little demand and the market was dull. The
packers were the principal sellers. January
pork closed 7%c lower, January lard 7%c to 10c
lower and ribs 2%c to 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2- , , __.
December 66% 67% 66V4 67%
May .70% 71% 70% 71%
Corn No. 2 —
December 31 31^£ 3 ° 7/ 31
January 3014 30% 30% -30%
May "!"" 32% 32% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2— ' '
December 22U 22 1 22% 22%
May V 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl— ' ~ 0 n .,,
December ...._.... 8 05 8 07% 805 8 07%
January 950 9 62V- 945 9 4i%
May... .; 9 60 960 " 3 62% 9 57%
Lard, per 100 lbs— , .„.
December 495 4 95 4 874 -4 90
January smi 515 6 07% 510
May 527% 5 27% 5 22% 525
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— 1;;, . „
December 4 82% 4 82% 4 77% 450
January ::..4 90 4 92% 4 '•'•> 490
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 Spring Wheat 61i?r63c; No. 2 Red, 67% c;
No. 2 Corn. 31%-531%c- No. 2 Oats. 23 ( §'23Vic:
No. 3 Whit?. 24«i'25%c; No. 2 Rye, 62c; No. 2
Barley, 36%@45c; No 1 Flaxseed. II 30; Prime
Timothy Seed. $2 45@2 55; Mess Pork, per bbl.
J7 70ifiS10; Lard, per 100 lbs, $4 82%06M%;
Short-Rib Bides, loose. $4 8506 25; Dry Salted
Shoulders, boxed s%?iT>%c; Short-Clear Sides.
boxed, $5 16®5 20; Whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal, $1 23%. ' *
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 26.000 15,000
Wheat, bu 136.000 13,000-
Corn, bu 223,000 367,000
Oats, bu 363.000 438,000
Rye. bu 14.000 5,000
Barley, bu 110,000 17,000 ,
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creamery, 15@24%c; Dairy. 14
©21c. Cheese, easy, 11%@12%c. Egge, firm;
Fresh. IBc.
Foreign Futures.
«< . .^ — ,^ — . <^ t
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5914 5 10"4 6 10%
Closing 6 BV4 5 9% 5 10H I
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 17 50 18 75
Closing 17 45 IS 70
1 Flour-
Opening 23 50 24 80
Closing 23 25 24 70
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— Special communica
tions to Bradstreets show the following changes j
in available supplies, as compared with the i
last account:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of !
the Rockies, increase 1,925,0G0 bushels. Liver- i
pool Corn Trade News, afloat for and in Eu- j
rope, Increase 6,000,000. Total supply, Increase
6,928.000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the i
Rockies, decrease 1,357,000.
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
i Rockies, decrease 610,000.
I Among the most important Increases reported
1 not given In the official supply statement are ]
! those of 55,000.000 bushels at Northwestern in- !
terior elevators, 156,000 bushels at Milwaukee 1
private elevators, 136,000 bushels at Portland, |
Me.. 103.000 bushels at Cleveland and 50,000 j
I bushels at Minneapolis private elevators. •
j The principal decreases are those of 610.000 j
bushels at Chicago private elevators and 100,000
bushels at Manitoba storage points.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port- :
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., j
increased 136,000 bushels last week.
■ _
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Nov. 14.— There has been no change '•
! In the demand for wool during the past week I
I and the sales have been Heavy. Holders are j
j firm In their view of higher prices and many :
J are holding good lots for an alvance. Territory
wools continue to lead in sales at 55fi67c scoured
, for fine medium and fine white and Go@6sc for •
: strictly staple goods. Fleece wools continue in
j good demand and prices are hard and likely to j
!go higher. Australian wools are limited and j
! very little is being done. Prices are firm. !
: Quotations:
TERRITORY WOOLS— and Dako
| tas fine medium and fine. 14@22c; scoured, 55@ I
i 57c: staple. 6fl'g6sc; Utah, Wyoming fine medium I
\ and fine. 144f20c; scoured, 53Q56c: staple, 68@60c; i
] Idaho fine medium and fine, 18@19c; scoured, I
\ 64 *& 66c.
! Australian, scoured basis, staple prices;
i combing superfine, SCHSB2c; good, 78@80c; aver- •
■ age, 75®77c. ■ r ;; ■":- ' ' : . v /
$ :=::::: — : " «>'
California Fruit Sales.
' V_ »
CHICAGO, Nov. Porter Bros. Company's 1
sales of California fruit: Grapes — Muscats,
j $1 35. single crate; Tokays. $lfil 40; Cornichons, >
65c@$l 25; Verdelle. 60c@$l 10; Ferrera, 60@95c.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Grapes — Cor- 1
1 nlchons, 65c@$l 45. single crates; Emperor, 80<gs
88c: Tokays, 55§S5c; Vrrdeile, 75c(g$l 40.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— Earl Fruit ' Com- !
pany's sales of California fruit: Grapes— Red '
: Emperor, $1 4(x@2, single cratfs; Clusters. $2«
i 3 60; Emperor, $1 65® I 95; Persimmons, $1 55@ .
390 a box. Three cars of fruit were sold.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— CATTLE— Firm demand
for best, others weak to a shade lower. Butch
ers active; canners firm; Westerns steady; 1
fancy steers (quotable), $6 25@6 65; good to
! choice, $5 50^6 25; poor to medium, $4 40 . i ." 50;
mixed stockers, $3@3 50; selected feeders, $4 20 :
■■ ©4 65; good to choice cows, $3 50@4 65; heifers.
$3 50@5 25; cannera. $1 Ss@3 05; bulls, $2 Ml;
4 25; calves, $4@7 25; fed Texas beeves, $4 >-,
6 60; grass Texas steers, $3 65@4 25; Western ;
rana;e beeves, $4^5 25.
HOGS— Generally 5c lower than yesterday's
1 average prices— top $4 20. Mixed and butchers, I
$3 U'i'u-4 20; good to choice heavy, $4@4 17%; ;
rough heavy, $3 So®4: light, $3 90@4 10; bulk i
1 of sales, $4®4 10.
: SHEEP— Best sheep and lambs steady: others !
: a shade lower. Native Westerns, $3 75@4 60; •
• lambs, $4 7605 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 6000; hogs. 38.000; sheep.
16,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 14.— Clearings, $SSO,
--804; balances, $51,256.
Northern IV heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. n r ., N,,\. 14.- The local wheat
market Is still suffering from thP effects of con
tinued weaknew elsewhere and prices are dally
cinktnp to a lower level, With dealers express
ing the utmost indifference about doing any
thing. Fifty-one t < > lifty-two was quoted for
WaiTa Walla tc-day by some exporters, while
others ventured quotations of 53c Valley Is
dull at nominally f>3c and sales of Blue Stem
have been made at th<> same figure.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, "Wash.. Nov. 14— Wheat fell an
other cent to-day; Hub, 50c; bixie Stem, 52c.
Foreign Markets.
I/SNPON, Nov. 14.— Consols. 103 11-18; Silver,
26 U-lCd; French Rentes, lOOf 30c; wheat car
goes off coast, easier, but In some demand; enr
tjoes on passage, nominal, unchanged; Kngllsh
country markets, qul»t.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 14.— Wheat, dull; wheat
in I'aris, w.>ak; flour In Paris, weak; French
country market*, quiet.
COTTON-rplMn.l?. 4 l-32d.
cv 'BiNa.
UVERPOL, Nov. 14.— WHEAT- Spot No. 2
red winter, dull. T.s 9d ; No. 1 Northern sprlnjr,
dull, 5s lid. Futures, steady: December. 5s Ud ;
March. Ss 9 VI ; May. Sa ii.v,<i.
CORN— Spot American mixed, steady. 3s 4 : <id.
Futureg. steady; November. 3s 4%d; December,
3s s'4d; January. 355% d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — — $4 82
sterling Exchange, sight — i S6
Sterling Cables — 4 S7
New York Exchange, sight —
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12H
Mexican Dollars — 48.
Fine Silver, per ounce — 68V*
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot freights are dull
but firm at about 36s 3d, and for vessels due
before January 1 full rates are paid. The
chartered wheat fleet In port has a registered
tonnage of 43.254. against 17,300 tons on the
saint- date last year; disengaged. OCOO tons,
against 27.200; on the way to this port. ]Bi,ooo
tonß. against 147.000.
WHEAT— Chicago opened at a further decline,
owing to bearish news and lower quotation!
from Liverpool and Paris. The weakness was
accentuated by fSradstreet's report <ot an In
crease of 7.000, c00 busbele In the world's visible
supply, nrcr.mhall reported a poor spot de
mand In England, and Goodwin predicted a
great Argentine crop.
The market wan active at the decline, how
ever, and later developed a better tone. The
Northwest receipts last week were only 800
cars, against 2000 for the same week last 'year,
and there was good cash buying, with New
York and St. Louis leading.
This market was strong In sympathy with
the later news frmn Chicago, and futures were
higher, as will be seen.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 01 1 4'ffl O2'-i: milling,
Jl 05@l 07%.
, CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls,
$1 09%; 4000. $109%; 4000, Jl 09%; 4000, $1 09Vi.
December— 2ooo, 02%; 10,000, U 02%; 4000,
$102%; MOO. $1 02%.
Second Session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 2Vi:
6000, $102%; 6000, Jl 02%; 2000. $102%. May—
6000. $1 09%; 8000, $1 09%; 8000, $1 9%; 2000, $1 09%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2o.ooo ctls,
$1 10%; 34.000. $1 10%; 14,000. $1 10%; 44,000. $1 10%.
December— 000, $1 03'».; 2000 $103%. .
Afternoon Session— lß.ooo" ctls, $110%;
26,000, $1 10. ' December— 6ooo, $102%.
BARLEY— quotations have not changed
materially for weeks, and the market continues
stagnant and, nominal. Futures, however, are
lower.
Feed, 7r.<?< Ssc ; Brewing and Shipping grades,
90995 c; Chuvalipr, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal • Session— 9:ls o'clock— December-
Seller. '99, 2000 ctls. 82 V: 2000, S2>4a
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, 83c; Sel
ler, '99. 4000, S2'-.c; 2000, 82% c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The situation has not changed for
some days, the market being quiet but firmly
held.
White $1 10@l 30; Red. .$1 07%@l 17%; Gray.
51 07@l 17%; Black. 97'io<;,si io.
CORN— Stocks of Eastern are reduced to prac
tically nothing, and supplies to arrive are re
ported tied up in a railroad blockade. Quota
tions are more or less nominal. Eastern large
Yellow, I105©107V4; White, $1 06@l 07%: mixed,
$102%<5?i05 per ctf.
RYE— la firm at 97%c@*l 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 90@2 15 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60<??3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40(33 60; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4Q@S 50 per bnl for extra,
! $3 25^3 40 for bakers' and $2 26(83 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, ' usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 26 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; ex
tra Cream- Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
. Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
| (barrels). $6 05@6 »5; in sacks. $5 86@6 25; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas, $5 per
I 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay for the first two days of the
week have been small, and it Is a good thing,
for the market has been largely overstocked.
The feeling continues weak, and the demand is
slow.
' FeedstufTs are an previously quoted.
BRAN— 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9^2O 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIied Barley. $IS®IS 50 per
I ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $26@27; lobbing
$27 50«?2S; Cocoanua Cake, $20<f121; Cornmeal'
J2r, : .-..24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$16 60©17; Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
J HAY — Wheat. $B@9 50 for common to good and
$10 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50@9 50; Oat
$708 50; Barley. $s©B; Alfalfa $s@B per ton;
. Compressed. $7«10 per ton.
i STRAW— 3o<ff4sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
\ No further advance in Beans was reported,
I but the firmness continued. The demand for
I shipment la still excellent.
j Then* have been free receipts of Flax Seed
I from Washington of late, and quotations are
• again established.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 8503; small White, $2 90®
3; large "Whit.-. $2 35<fJ 2 45; Pinks, 55@2 75;
Reds, $3 75f{4; Blackeye, $4 50@4 75; Butters,
: nominal: Lima, $4 90@5; Pea, $2 SSS3; Red Kid
; neys, tZ'SZ CO per ctl. !
. SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3@3%c; Yellow Mus- '
! tard, 4/?4%c; Flax, $2 12%: Canary, l%c per Ib
i for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nom
-1 inal; Rape, 2 ; = ';<3r; Hemp, 4@4%c; Timothy,
! 4 i' .c.
j DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 35<??1 50; Green, 5175
I 'v ! 55 per ctl.
I Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes remain as before. Onions are higher,
, as receipts are rather under the demand. To
i matoes have also advanced. Otherwise there is
j nothing new.
: POTATOES— River Reds. SOiSGOc; Burbanks.
! 40<fjG5e per ctl; Salinas Burbanu, $I@l 25; Ore
gon Burbanks, 66c®$l 10: Sweet Potatoes, 75c@
£5c for Rivers and $101 05 for Merced.
ONIONS— 7S({?BSc per ctl.
VEGETABLES- Green Peas. s(ff6c per lb;
i String Beans, I •;•'.■ . Cabbage, 35@40c; Tomatoes,
! 30@66c; Egg Plant, 40®50c; Dried Okra, 12M-C
i per lb; Garlic, 2^30: Green Peppers, 35@R5c per
I box; Carrots. 30fi5 40c per rack; Cucumbers, 40®
60c; Marrowfat Squash, $B@lo per ton,; Mush
| rooms, S@loc per lb for choice and 45?5c for
I poor.
Poultry and Game.
The light receipts of Eastern this week have
given local Poultry a chance, and the market
is firmer all around, with a satisfactory de
! mand.
1 Game still brings fancy prices, and arrivals
are light. >. >■■:.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14215 c for Gob
blers and 14Q15c for Hens; Young Turkeys,' 15#
16e; Dressed Turkeys, 16@18c; Geese, per pair,
($1500175; Goslings. $160©175; Ducks, $4^4 50
i for old and },"■'■.! 6 for young; Hens, $4 Eo@s 50;
I Young Roosters, $4 50@5; Old Roosters, $4@5;
(Fryers, $8 50*74; Broilers. $3 2503 50 for large,
$:'/,! 3 25 for small: Pigeons, $1 2.', per dozen for
old and $1 75©2 for Squabs.
l GAME— $303 25; Mallard. $6@10; Can
rasback, $6012; Sprig, $4 50{i6: Teal, $3^3 50,
Widgeon, $3®350; Small Duck. $2ja>S; Doves. $1
per dozen; Hare. $1 Kffll 50; Rabbits. $1 75®2;
Gray Geese, $3 6094; White, ?150??175; Brant.
$2(93; English Snipe, $2<JT2 50 per dozen; Jack
Snipe, $1 50. _______
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Fancy ranch Eggs continue In light receipt
' and firm, and most dealers report sales at 41c.
There Is no change in Cheese.
'. The Butter from Humboldt is coming in soft
1 and sloppy, owing probably to the recent warm,
I moist weather. If it were firm and solid it
I might bring more money, as the market Is not
as depressed as it has been.
BUTTER—
' Creamery— Fancy creamery, 2417 25c; seconds,
' Me,
Dairy— Fancy, 22% c; good to choice, 22c; com
! mon, 21c.
Pickled roll. 22@24c; firkin. 21j5~22Uc: cream
! cry tub, 25%®24c.
Eastern— l76'lSc for ladle packed and 26c for
Elgin; Oregon ladle, 17® 19c per lb.
CHEESE-Choice mild new, ll%c; old, 10%@
lie; Young America, 11',4c: Eastern. 14@15c.
EGGS-Quoted at 25<J?32%c for store and 3S@
. 40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 27@2Sc for se-
I lected, 24@26c for No. 1 and 20@22%c for sec-
I onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Citrus fruits continue quiet and easy at about
the same quotations. Grapes continue to ad
vance under diminishing receipts. There are
! very few seen now. -
I Orchard fruits continue steady at previous i
prices. Fine Apples are firm, Quinces are slow
!of sale. Pomegranates ana Persimmons are in
I light supply. : ,'^* \
i Cranberries continue firm, with active sales.
I DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 3.')(&6ijc , ■■■ box for common, 75c@$l for
good and $1 25ft 1 50 for choice.
BERRIES Strawberries, - — per chest for
small and $3@6 for large berries; Raspberries, !
$4frt> per chest; Blackberries, $4ig6; Huckleber
ries, 4'o'sc per lb; Cape Cod Cranberries, $S@9; !
Coos Bay Cranberries, $2 25 per box.
Persimmons, 75cQ$] per box.
Grapes, 50®86c per box; crates. 65@85c.
Winter Pears, 50c(f$l 23 per box.
Quinces, 50®75c per box.
Pomegranates! 60(g<75c per small box and $1 50
©1 7."> per larce box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $31; 4 per ;
box; Seedlings, $1 50®2 60; Grape Fruit. $I@3,
Lemons, 75c('o'$l 50 for common an $2@3 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes, $»; Bananas,
I $I@2 60 per bunch; Pineapples, $li?r2 50 per dcz.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The situation lias not changed for some little
time. • With the exception of Prunes, which
are hearly steady, everything; in the list— fruits,
raisins, nuts and honey— is firm and in good
demand at the fine prices. The Prune Indus
try is receiving a. severe blow this year, prices
being away below those for other fruits
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4\c for
40-50' s,4l£c for 50-60' B, 3%c for 60-70's, 3 ! .c for
70-SO's, 3c for SO-30's and 2} 4 e for 00-100's; "Apri-
I cots. llfijlSc for Royals, 12%(?T16c for Moor
parks and 12<<?14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5®
: r,'...- for Standards. 6(ff6Vjc for choice and 7c foe
fancy; pooled Peaches, 12H@1Sc; Evaporated
Apples, 7<y7*ic; Sun-dried, D@s>,ic per Ib; Nee
' tarines, BH©9c per 1b for red; Pears, G'-iifSc for
quarters and SQlOc for halves; Black Fie? 3@
3',4c; White Figs, 4@6c; Bleached Plums, B©9c;
Unbleached Plums, 7@7&c for pitted and l>-><;
for ÜBOitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
Ib. 10c; choice, Be; standard, Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thomoson'B, per Ib, (V. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib. B%c; choice. T%e'. standard, i',:.,,-
--prime, Be; unbleached Sultanas. r>c: Seedless,
60-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatel? 5V<-c'
3-crown. 'i' 4 c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers'
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 80. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesn, $2 50; Imperial, $3. Ail
price? are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
I NUTS— Chestnuts. BOUS^c; Walnuts. niffnic for
I standards, and lOHSII^-c for softsheil- Al
j monds. 12f(713'-c for paper-shell, 10®llc for soft
j and 5S6c for hardshell: Peanuts, s%@B»ic- for
tern, and 6c for California: Brazil' Nuts
7VS>srSVjc; Filberts, HV£@l2c; pecans. 10@llc :
Cocoanuts, $4 50(5,5.
HONEY— Comb, ll^c for bright and 10'ic for
light amber; water white extracted ~\i<tf:y, - c
light amber extracted, 6ii<f?7c; dark. 5Ue ncr lh'
BXBSWAX-Me26c perlb.
Provisions.
Eastern Hams are now Bquarely down to
iSHe. California Hams are not quotable, aa
there are. none of . any. consequence offering.
Heavy Bacon is firm and barreled goods gen
erally show an advance under a good demand.
Lard shows no further variation.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, «Vie per lb for
heavy. ?%C for- light medium, 104 c for light.
124 c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 124 c ;. California
Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per M.I; extra
Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 50j
extra clear, $17 GO; mess, $16 50; Smoked Beef.
14@14VeC ncr lb.
LARD— quoted at 64c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
7%c; 10-lb tins, 8c; 5-lb tins, SHe.
COTTOLENE— 7%-g;7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Tallow is weak at the decline already noted.
It was boomed too high. Hides continue strong
at full quotations, with an active demand.
Wool rules stilt and active and dealers are
looking for another advance almost any day.
Hops are immovable and weak at unchanged
quotations. ' The crop is said to .be large all
over t— • world
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers',
IlV4e: medium, lie; light, 10% c; Cowhides. 10@
10'ic; Staus, Tc; Salted Kip. 10c; Calf. 10c;
Dn Hides, sound, 17@lSc; culls and brands,
lie; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf, I*-*-;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20'&3.">c each; short Wool,
:c'.i>-'., each; medium, 7. ■•>:'>".•; long Wool, $1®
1 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for large and
$l<f?l £0 lor small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@54e per lb; No.
2, 4 ; v. , refined, 6(g6V£c; grease, 2' 2
WOOL—
Fall clip— Joaquin plains, 74@9c; South
ern, 7®loc; Middle County, 10@124c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 15@16c; Eastern Oregon, ll@15c;
Valley Oregon, 15<g>18c; Northern Mountain."
free, H@l3c; Northern Mountain, defective, 9@
lie Der lb.
HOPS— B@ICc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs ai? unchanged and steady, the arrivals
and demand about balancing. There is no
change in the other descriptions. The feeling
is generally steady throughout the list.
BEEF— 7@74c per lb for Steers and 64@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— B®9c per lb.
MUTTON— 7c; Ewes, 64c per lb.
LAMB-B©S4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 54c for small, 54<?3Nie
for medium and s{isV4c for large; Ftock Hogs
and Feeders. &c; dressed Hogs, 7@B4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7%c: Wool
Bags, 2S@3oc; Fruit Bags, 6c, 6',ic and 6%c for
I the three grades of white and "4c for bleached
Jute.
BALE ROPE— Manila, 144@15c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Soiithfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6: Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $8; Scotch
; Cumberland, $9 75 in bulk and $11 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Can
nel, $9 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $3 60: Coke, $13 per ton in bulk and $15
In Bad
CANNED VEGETABLES— $I@l 50; As
paragus, - — ; Tomatoes, 75c. ■
CANNED FRUITS -Cherries, $2 40@3 for
black and white: Peaches. $1 6501 90; Pears,
$1 60@l 80; Apricots, $1250170; Plums, $120®
1 40.
COFFEE-Costa Rica— l3V4@l6c for prime
washed; 11@124c for good washed; 114<S15c for
I good to prime washed peaberry; 94@Hc for
good to prime peaberry; 9(gl2c for good to
prime; BifT9Uc nominal for good current mixed
with black beans; B@B%c tor fair; 5@7?4c for
common to ordinary. Salvador— 9@ll4c for good ]
to prime washed; 7%©8% c for fair washed; 94@ 1
HV2C for prime to good washed peaberry; 7Vi
S"ic for good to prime semi- washed; 7%'S^Vic 1
for superior unwashed; 74c for good green un- ■
washed; S*if(9yc for good to prime unwashed !
ppaberry; 5<36%c for common to ordinary. Nic
aragua, 14411640 for prime to fancy washed: S@
lie for fair to good washed: Vi<3~\c nominal
for good to superior unwashed; S9i@2Uc nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guate- |
mala and Mexican— l2®lsy 2 c for prime to fancy !
washed; 9@llc for good to strictly good washed;
f«isTt,e (or fair washed; 7@7%c for medium; 4'S)
u%c for inferior to ordinary; 10@114c for good
to prime washed peaberry; S-VaV_.c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 7USSUC for good to
superior unwashed. ;* .
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 2S®3oc per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26®27c: Sole Leather, light. 26
<S27c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@28c; Rough
Leather, light, 25'326c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32'&33c: Harness Leather, medium, 30@32c; Har
ness Leather, light, 29®30c; Collar Leather, 15®
Ific per foot: Kip. finished, 40@45c per lb; Veal.
finished 50<J?55c; Calf, finished. 75c@5120; sides,
finished, 16(iil7c per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14®
16c: Rough .Splits, g@loc per lb.
OIL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled, 59c;
raw, 57e; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter
strained, barrels, 59c; No. 1, 49c; cases, 5c more;
China Nut, 65(@6Sc per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, 60c; cases. 65c; Sperm, pure, 60c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 324 c: Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints. White and House colors, $1 25@
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors. $2'ri2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC. — Water
white Coal Oil. In bulk. 134 c; Pearl Oil, in
cases, 194 c; Astral, 194 c: Star, 194 c; Extra
Star Oil. 234 c; Elaine, 24'^.c; Eocene, 214 c; De
oanrlzed Gasoline, In bulk, 16c; do, cases, 22c;
Benzine, In bulk. 154 c; do, cases, 214 c; 86 de
gree Gasoline n bulk, 21c; do, cases, 27c per
gallon.
CANDLES— Light Candles— 16
07.. 20 sets, lie per set; sixes, 14 oz, 20 sets, 10c;
i sixes, 12 oz. 20 sets. 9c; sixes, 10 oz, 20 sets, BUc;
i twelves, 12 oz. 40 sets, hotel, o\c. Granite
Mining Candles — Sixes, 16 •>%, 40 sets, 114 c per
set; sixes, 16 oz, 20 sets, ll?ic; sixes, 14 oz, 40
sets, 104 c; sixes. 14 oz, 20 sets, 10^c; sixes, 12
oz, 20 sets, 9?ic; sixes, 10 oz. 20 sets. Be;
twelves, 12 ox, 40 sets, hotel. 10V«c. Parafflne
Wax Candles, White— Ones, 14 07.. 25 sets, 12Vic !
per set; twos, 14 07.. 25 sets, 12'ic; fours. 14 oz,
: 86 sets. 12V»e; sixes. 14 oz. 36 sets. 12^Jc; twelves,
14 oz. 36 sets. 12» 4 e; Colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD — Quoted at 64@74c; Red
Lead and Litharge, 6?4fi7^ic per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 73c; in Iron barrels
68c; in wooden barrels, 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 54c; raw, barrels, I
52c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER $."0 per flask for local use.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crashed and Fine Crushed. 5-Hc: Pow- j
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu- j
lated, 4 7 /sC: Confectioners' A, 4 7 *c: California A, ;
; Magnolia A. 44c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden i
C. 4' < c: barrels. 1 l-16c more; half-barrels. "4c 1
more; boxes. He more; 50-lb bags, Vie more. I
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes, I
6 7 t,c per lb.
Lumber.
• LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16i?f17; extra sizes, higher; Red
wood, Sl7©lß for No. 1 and $15©18 for No. 2,
Lath. 4 feet. $2 20@2 30; Pickets. $18; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and 275 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21@27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 14.
Flour, qr sks.... 12,4951 Hay, tons' 135
Wheat. ct!s 2.710 Straw, tons 20
Barley, etls s.22". i ßaisins, bxs 2 750 j
Oats, ctls ....:.. 270 Quicksilver, flsks 102
Corn, east, ctls.. 1.200 Eggs, doz 7 740
Butter, ctls 142 Hides, No 1*212
Choose, ctls .... 12 Pelts, bdts .... 455 I
Tallow, ctls .... 2SS Sugar, sks 575
Leather, rolls ... 19SJ Beans, sks 1.200 1
Wine, gals 13.150 1 Potatoes, sks .. 2*715 1
Brandy, gals ... 500; Onions, sks 'bSO :
Hops, bales 40; Bran, sks 630
Wool, bags 352 Idlings. sks .. 610
Lime, bbls 376 Mustard, sks .... 442
Sugar, bbls 290
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 760
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr aks.... Brnn. sks ..;. 337
Wheat, ctls 3 Flaxseed, sks ... 3 490 i
Oats, ctls 1,2301
THE STOCK MARKET.
The usual business was done on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, but fluctuations
were few. Conn.. Costa Water was still higher
at p 37>*«x7'J S7!*. while Hutchinson Plantation
declined to $27.
The North Star Mines Company of Grass Val
ley has declared a dividend of 20c per share
($50,000), payable November 20.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Nov. 14—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I P Bid \sk
US Bonds— Equit G L Co. 614 6%
<s quar coup.. — - Mutual El Co. 13% 14=?
s quar rep.... - _ OO I. & }{.... _ £*!
Is quar new... _ niVi Pac Gas Imp.. - 57*
3s quar coup... - 10S Pao Light Co.. 40* 41
Miscellaneous— S F G & L,.... 57|2 51K
Cal-st .Cab 6s. 117 - San Fran.... - 35*
C c J v> 'l t 55....105U-' Stockton Gas.. 13 -
Ed p L & P ■ 6,1.130 - | Insurance-
F&CI »Ry - 115 — iFirem's Fund. 22o —
?i ce y * S i ?J S \T^ 95 ( Bank Stocks-
HC & S 5^5.. 107*4— ! Anglo-Cal . .. fi3 _
. £ t R y os--.105>-ilo6'/j Dank of Ca1...595 405
LA LCo 55.. 99 - Cal SD & T.. 06^ »7
Do S f ) 65.. 99 - Fldst National - 245
Do K tnd 5».. - - iLon P & A....129 -
LA& P R 55. 104 - Mer Ex — is
Markst-st 6«...]25»4 — Nev NaY"nk""mumn
N' D p° TJ St r ? S - U^ ~ Saving Bknk^ IS °
CN G n 75. 112 — Ger S & L. 17(10
NR l\ r 3 - U6 HUm S & L. :l08O UM
NPC H X fis.lOl — S F Say II Vtn
PC R U 58.107 108 Say & L So"- ~
OGI. & H üb.IOS — Union T Co.. 1400 1440
Oak Trans G5.. 11l 112 ' Street Railroad. 1 " 0
saws a sis 'California .... 120 —
Ocean 8 8 6S..IOJHUO > ;ir y... 50 ~
- Caliro?n, n 170 ISO
SPofASs.... - 114 i Bußar- **
BF C 63(1912). - IHonokaa S Co. 34ii 35
ADCTIONIALES
COLUMBIAN AUCTION HOUSE,
GALLICK & VINCENT. Auctioneers.
1037 Market street Opposite Jones
Telephone Jessie 32.
Furnished Houses. Merchandise, etc.. Bought
or Sold on Commission.
CONTINUATION
—OF THE—
GRAND KRELING AUCTION SALE
OfMAGNIFICENT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY NOV. 15. 1899
At 11 o'clock a m. on the premises.
323 GUERRERO ST.. BET. 15TH AND 18TH.
WE WILL SELL
ALL THE ELEGANT FURNITURE CON-
TAINED IN THE UPPER PART OF RESI-
DENCE AND THE HALLS AND COM-
PRISING
The Elegant Mahogany, Oak and Inlaid Wal-
nut Chamber Suits. All the Elegant Uphol-
stery, Chiffonieres. Writing Desks. Elegant
Bedding. Cari»ets.
This sale will comprise the furniture con-
tained in nine rooms on top floor. All th«
Chamber Furniture at this sale.
GALLICK <fc VINCENT, Auctioneers.
SPC Is eg- ss. — — : Hutch S P Co. 27% 274
5 Br (is 123 — Kilauea S Co.. 264 28
8 V Wat 65....114 Vi — Makawell SCo — 49
S V Wat i 5.... 103 — Onomea S Co.. 36 364
S V W4s<3dm). — Paauhau S Co. 33% 33?*
Btktn Gas 65.. — — ' Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— IAI Pack Assa.ll74ll8 1 *
Contra Costa.. 79 79% Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Mann County, 16 — Oceanic 3 Co.. 92 924
Spring Valley. 974 97% Pao -A A.... IS —
Gas and Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Cent Gas C 0... — — Par Paint Co.. BV4 —
Cent L & P.... 6 7 I
Morning: Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 79 374
100 Contra Costa Water 79 50
465 Contra Costa Water.... 79 75
15 Contra Costa Water 79 624
215 Contra Costa Water 79 874
$18,000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 108 25
25 Giant Powder Con 89 624
110 Hana Plantation Co 10 624
100 Hawaiian Commercial 6s 95 00
15 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 50
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 25
30 Hutchinson S P Co 27 00
60 Hutchlnson S P Co. cash 27 124
75 Hutehinson S F Co '. 27 124
50 Hutehinson S P Co 27 374
10 Market Street Railway 62 124
10 Onomea Sugar Co 86 75
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 57 25
60 Spring Valley Water 97 75
50 Spring Valley Water, cash 97 75
150 Vigor-it Powder 3 00
Street—
60 Pacific Gas Imp 67 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 California Safe Deposit 97 00
290 Contra Costa Water 79 75
60 Contra Costa Water 79 374
115 Contra Costa Water 79 25
5 Giant Powder Con 89 75
95 Giant Powder Con 90 00
45 Hana Plantation Co 10 50
45 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 50
75 Hutchinson S P Co 27 374
25 Hutchinson S P Co 27 25
15 Market Street Railway 62 00
$2000 Market Street Railway Ist con 55.. I*l 7 00
120 Mutual Electric Light 13 874
100 Onomea Sugar Co 36 25
SO Paauhau 6 P Co 33 624
60 Paauhau S P Co 33 50
15 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 3 57 25
Street—
$20,000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 108 25
SO Hana Plantation Co. , 10 50
20 Oceanic S S Co.. 92 50
l<>o Onomea Sugar Co 36 75
55 Spring Valley Water 97 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
. 20 Contra Costa Water 79 00
30 Contra Costa Water 78 874
40 Contra Costa Water 79 124
10 Giant Powder Con 89 75
10 Giant Powder Con 89 B*4
10 Giant Powder Con 90 00
$5000 Contra Costa Water 5s 108 25
100 Equitable Gas 6 124
30 Onomea Sugar Co 36 50
25 Spring Valley Water 97 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Contra Coeta Water 7950
40 Contra Costa Water 79 75
15 Contra Costa Water 80 00
SO Contra Costa Water 80 134
200 Equitable Gas 6 124
25 Giant Powder Con 89 75
50 Hutchinaon S P Co 2725
50 Paauhau Sugar Co 33 50
10 Spring Valley Water 97 624
250 Vlgorit Powder 3 124
PRODUCERS OIL, EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
Board —
1-10 Home Oil 460 00
200 New Hope 1 00
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 00
200 Petroleum Center 30
700 San Luis 5 374
Street —
75 Shamrock 1 75
Afternoon Session.
Board — ■
100 New Hope : 1 00
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 00
450 Petroleum Center 30
150 San Luis 5 374
Street— MO O
10 Blue Goose SO 00
100 San Luis 5 37U
THE CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Tidal Wave 2 25
25 Caribou 105
200 Barker Ranch 110
300 Century Oil Co 75
1 Duquesne Oil Co 204 00
300 Oakland OH & Gas Co 40
100 Shamrock Oil Co 2 50
Street
100 San Joaquln O & D Co go
200 Caribou  115
Afternoon Session. ■
Board —
300 Tidal Wave ; 2 25
100 Barker Ranch OH Co 1 10
600 Century Oil Co 75
200 Oakland Oil & Gas Co 40
25 Shamrock Oil Co ". 2 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 40 700 Ophir 79
100 Caledonia ...... 56 200 Potosl 29
400Cliollar 22 50 Sierra Nevada' 3S
150 Con Cal & Va.l IS 50 Sierra Nevada 37
50 Gould & Curry 22 200 Yellow Jacket. 20
600 Mexican 3:.
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 33 400 Mexican 63
100 Belcher 34 100 Mexican 53
500 Bullion 07 100 Ophir ' ps
100 Caledonia 62 1000 Ophir 1 00
200 Caledonia 61 150 Ophir in.')
100 Challenge 25 100 Overman is
200 Con Cal & Va.l 60 200 Overman 19
300 Con Cal & Va.l 55 300 Sierra Nevada 53
200 Crown Point... 12 400 Sierra Nevada. 53
100 Gould & Curry 28 200 Union Con ... 39
100 Gould & Curry 26 200 Union Con .... 33
200 Hale & Norcra 44 1 300 Union Con .... 40
200 Hale & Norcrs 45 100 Yellow Jacket 27
300 Mexican 50! 200 Yellow Jac'. •*■. 26
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: . ■■-■ ■;;■.
Morning Session.
300 Andes 14' 300 Mexican 26
200 Heleher 30 200 Mexican ... " 3
-200 Rest & Belcher 41 200 Mexican ."' " m
100 Best & Belcher 42 400 Mexican .. "" «
100 Best & Belcher 43 250 Ophir . . *' 77
100 Best & Belcher 46 450 Ophir ... ' "*"*"4
ICO Con Cal & Va.l 30 350 phi r *"*"" en
100 Con i"al & Va.l 35 400 Ophir . Si
200 Con Cal & Va.l 40 1 1200 Ophir ' g£
200 Gould & Curry 22 500 Ophir ••••••• °-
200 Gould & Curry 23 200 Overman ' 14
200 Gould & Curry 24: 400 Union Con '"*" »5
200 Hale & Norcrs 38 200 Union Con '.'.'.'. 30
Afternoon Session.
1000 Andes 15! 50 Mexican 44
200 Belcher 34 ; 200 Mexican "" *$
200 Best & Belcher 45] 200 Ophir «s
400 Best & Belcher IS 200 Oohir ss
200 Beat & Belcher 50 200 Ophir 87
200 Best & Belcher "49 400 Ophir " «
2500 Bullion 07 1 300 Ophir 09
300 Chollar 24 1200 Ophir V. 100
hollar 28 700 Ophir <w
600 Con Cal & V.I 474 400 Ophir " *7
500 Con Cal & Va.l 55 250 Overman'" ' 1(5
200 Con Cal & Va.l 60 300 Potosl 31
400 Gould & Curry 24 1 200 Potosl "" M
800 Gould * & Curry 26 9no Sierra Nevada! 43
*& S a !e ¥ ? orCrß : « 20 ° Sierra Nevada. 50
«22 S ale . & Norcrs 40 - 500 Sierra Nevada. 52
™ Mexican 43 : 300 Union Con .... 32
SO Mexican ::::::: 52 30 ° Union Con .... 36
300 Mexican 47
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Nov. 14-4 p. m.
 . Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
A P ha 04 05 Kentuck — 03
Alt * •: • — 03 Lady Wash ... - 06
Andes ..; is 17 Mexican 51 53
Belcher 33 34 Occidental 13 15
Best & Belcher 49 50 Ophir .... 99 1 0:.
*? u , n ' on I 06 07 Overman 17 18
Caledonia 61 63|Potosl 32 33
£ ho . 1 . lar 23 30 Savage 17 IS
Challenge 22 25 Scorpion 02 -
Confidence 70 75jSeg Belcher.... OS 07
Con Col & Va.l 50 1 551 Sierra Nevada. 50 51
Con Imperial .. 01 PC Silver Hill .... — 03
Crown Point... 11 r, Bt Louis — 06
Exchequer .... — 02 Standard 255 —
Gould & Curry 24 29 Syndicate — 00
Hale & Norcrs 42 43 Union Con .... 38 39
Julia — ■ O'jUtah 08 03
Justice 03 04IYellow Jacket. 34 26
Continued on Page Eleven.SAN FRANCISCO MAY SOON SECURE
SOME HANDSOME SCHOOL BUILDINGS
Old Ramshackle
Tumble-Downs
Must Speedily
Give Way to a
New Era of Ele
gant Structures
for the Comfort-,
able Accommo
dation of the
City's Rising
Generation,
PLANS OF THE PROPOSED NEW SCHOOL BUILDINGS
ANNIVERSARY OF
CALIFIA PARLOR
Banquet and Reception
in Senate Chamber.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 14.— Califia Par
or, Native Daughters of the Golden
"West, celebrated its twelfth anniversary
by giving an Invitation dance and ban
quet in the Capitol to-night. The Senate
Chamber was transformed into a tempor
ary dancing parlor and was most exqui
sitely decorated.
The banquet, which was a most elab
orate affair, was held in the Assembly
Chamber. The banquet tables, eight in
number, all radiated from a common cen
ter and represented the spokes of a gigan
tic wheel. They were profusely decorated
with cut flowers and were adorned with
candelabra with pink candles.
About 200 Native Sons and Daughters
were seated at the tables, and the whole
presented a magnificent scene, the hun
dreds of incandescent lights and pendant
crystals giving the large nail an unusually
brilliant appearance. There were ten
toastß, and they were ably responded to
as follows:
"Welcome." Mrs. Belle Prouty, presi
dent of Califla Parlor: "The Pioneers,"
Mrs. Emma Gett; "Our Fair City,"
POSTUM CEREAL.
EASY GOOD. EASY BAD.
IMscovers a Difference.
"After twenty years of coffee drink-
ing a-nd a good portion nf the time suf-
fering from severe headuehes and nerv-
ousness, I finally waked up to the fact
that the coffee was the cause of the
trouble.
I was led to accuse coffee of being
the cause of the difficulty by reading
about P> stum Food Coffee. Since us-
ing Postum I have been singularly free
from any of the ailments mentioned.
"It is easy to make good Postum and
easy to make bad. The difference is in
the boiling. I send you herewith a list
of friends I know would be benefited
by leaving "ff coffee and using Postum
Food Coffee. Kindly send them infor-
mation on the subject."— G. H. L. Nel-
Eon, Principal School No. 2. Greenfield,
2J.0.
Charles Goethe; "Our Guests, the Gentle
men, ' Miss M. B. Johnson; "The Flag."
Frank D. Ryan; "Our Koble Selves, the
Native Daughters. " Mrs. Eva Nickel i;
"The California Volunteers," Dr. V.*. J.
Har.na; "Our Rising Generation," Pro
fessor J. H. Pond; "The End of the Cen
tury," Bin. Mary Breckenfeld; "The Na
tive Sons," Major W. W. Greer.
At the conclusion of the banquet the
Native Sons and the fair native daugh
ters sang Auld Lang Syne and left for
their homes with promises of happy
recollections of the auspicious event.
The anniversary was under the control
of the three principal committees. The
banquet committee, with Mrs. Belle
Prouty as chairman; entertainment com
mittee, Mies Belle Johnston, chairman;
decoration comjnittee, Mi3s Jennie Davis,
chairman.
They were assisted by sixteen other
members of the parlor. The president of
the parlor, Mrs. Belle Prouty, was the
toastmaster at the banquet.
FRIENDS AND ADMIRERS
GREET FATHER YORKE
HE IS THE GUEST OF HONOR AT
A FINE BANQUET.
Not the least successful of the many
receptions given to Father Peter C. Yorke
in honor of his return was that tendered
to him by a number of his personal
friends and admirers at the California
Hotel last night. The reception took the
form of a sumptuous banquet and seven
ty-five guests gathered at the festaJ board
to testify the high regard in which they
hold the popular clergyman.
Seated at the head of the table w-as
the guest of honor and on his right sat
General Warfleld and Father James .Mc-
Donald, while on his left were Father
Philip O'Kyan and Colonel J. G. Giesting.
During the enjoyment of an excellent
menu a stringed orchestra discoursed
sweet strains of the latest musical selec
tions and when appetites had been sati
ated toast master Frank Drady, in a few
well-chosen words, introduced the guest
"f the evening. At the mention of Father
Yorke's name the gathering broke into
tumultous applause, followed by the sing-
Ing of "Home Again."
Father Yorke in the course of hi 3 re
sponse to the toast "Our Friend" ex
pressed his appreciation of the splendid
reception accorded by those whom he con
sidered among his best friends. He spoke
of his travels in foreign climes and re
ferred to the influence of American ideas
across the ocean.
'We have demonstrated to them," said
Father Yorke, "that this country is a
H in Its government, its business, its
democracy and its people, and we have
certainly manifested our ability to take
care of ourselves in the late unpleasant
ness."
After the applause which greeted Father
Yorke's remarks had subsided Corporal
John Miller of the First California Volun
teers sang an original song entitled
TILL: bAl> I<*UA2% CISCO CALL, W-,D.SJ3SI>AY, 2<UY.OIJ3EIi 15, 1899.
"Sleeping in the Philippines To-night"
and was followed by Father O 1 Ryan, who
spoke sincere words of praise for his col
league, who, he said, "had come back to
take up the cudgels once more in behalf
of truth and justice."
The rest of the programme consisted of
a recitation by Daniel Murphy; remarks
by Father McDonald: Cakewalk by
Messrs. Murphy and Owens, and speeches
by J. T. McCormick and Dr. James
Kearney. The festivities concluded with
three cheers for Father Yorke. Follow
ing is a list of invited guests:
Rev. r. C. Yorke, Rev. Philip O'Ryan, Rev.
E. P. Dempsey. Rev. c. A. Rjram, Rev. J. J.
if i.'lerKast. Rev. J. B. Hansilgar.. Pcv James
McDonald, General R. H. Wurflehl. Colonel J
J. Ciesting . J. F. Gibbon, M. D. ; John F. Klnff
well, M. T>. : I F. Halton, Mark V. Vullcevlch
Martin <rr>ea Jr., Frank S. Drady, Harry M.
Owens, Augru?tus 'White. William G. Lons J
Allen, J. Halloran. Daniel F. Murphy. Frank J.
Vulicevlch. John Henneppy, "William Harp 11.
Joseph F. Klrby. P. J. Coleman. W. O. Shaugh
neasy, James Murphy, Thomaa McElligott, E.
.'. Derail. John Doyle, T. MeUowan, W
Clarson. W. P. Hannon. H. B. Rowe A H
Batchelder. T. J. Mallott, P. J. Ilagrgerty W
A. Lynch, M A. (>r>ea, J. T. McCnrmlck Jo
seph Flood. John Maurice- Miller, PeJro Gomez
James 1. ODea, 11 J. Hurk-. iys!i» j. rvooks'
i John Ooyhenetx. J. F. Kearney. M. J) J J
I Flinn. Joseph Nolan, Charles M'oraghan, James
Laydon, John Flood, David Dradv. William
Wil»on, E T. F^rnan, W. O'l^eary, Frank Mar
tin. William Engler, Thomas O'Connor E J
Coffey, Jamos B. Coffey, Joseph J. Zllliam
Colonol J. C. O'Connor.
committee of arrangements— Frank S. Drady.
chairman; Charles Moraghan, secretary Mark
| C. Vulicevlch, treasurer: Martin ODea Jr. Jo
| seph F. Kirby. J. F. Kearney. M. D.
Reception committee— P. J. Hagserty (chair
man), Daniel F. Murphy. O"harle« MTSraghan
William Wlleon, Joseph Nolan, J. T. McCor
mick. W. P. Hannon, William Harrold
FUNSTON STARTS TODAY
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 14.— General
Funston and wife will leave here to-mor
row afternoon for San Francisco, whence
the general will sail for Manila. The
general Is afraid the war in the Philip
pines will be over before he reaches his
destination. General Funston will drop
the suit for libel against Archbishop Ire
land. Hf; said to-night:
"I will do nothing further about It so
far as the Archbishop is concerned. If I
take any action it will be against the
papers that started the story. I have
found the author of these llbelous reports
He was a ramp follower. He deserted
from an English sailing ship and followed
us during the campaign. He was fined
three times in the provost court for
drunkenness and disorderly conduct. At
Maralo I found him in a private house
and ordered him under arrest as he had
no business there. The paper that print
ed his story said that it was from a re
liable newspaper man. He stowed himself
away on board the Tartar when we left
Manila, and when he was discovered re
fused to work. Colonel Metcalf placed
him on bread and water for two weeks,
and he swore vengeance against us both
He made no attack on Metcalf. but made
this one on me."
Body Identified.
WOODLAND. Nov. 14.— Deputy Coroner
Apper-on and Harris Bean returned to
Woodland about midnight Monday, bring
ing with them the body recently" tied up
near the mouth of Feather River by Cap
tain Forsman. A. Mazzini, a Sacramento
LL isn bsi nan ■■
Thousands of Rescued Sufferers from Lost Manhood
unite in Praise of CALTHOS.
An Offer Every Sufferer Will Be Sure to Accept.
; NO C. O. O. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME. .
JBBBSB!S^?^SRj3{B^<»7iEggmifag^Lj^| Read carefully this announcement made by one of the
wKliH»Zpit«2i»sBr '"*'*'>^^HeSBb greatest and richest uu porting firms in the United
HKrasiSSKraiESSßff ' * ' yG&Jlfflßm States. Heed the wise words written here, and accept
«§BaSMWZS§i§KMa A ci^ 91 tin* generous offer made you. You have the opportunity
■BbS§*»?S*sS&***^Nv & rMinH to 1° rest re once more to robust health and happiness.
flflßflnS^^^ \*\ -/ ya I Accept it now. Do not put it off until it is too late.
•' sSr^if J* -"^^>-^IHH Since the introduction in this country of CALTHOS, the
H^^^^v ./ y>f .>'*■ ~^v' great French preparation for Lost Manhood, the Yon
/T '** | \/^\ ft ""^*N^\ Mohl Company, of Cincinnati, 0., has achieved mar-
I *<.vj.> 111 \ velous results. More than 100,000 cures have been
\J/~~ . \\ II 1 "**>— • \ made the past year.
V il C? J \I \ "*^**^ , ' Before Prof. Jules Labarde, the famous French
V J*t — ' JL \ i I'■♦ "1 >w Specialist, brought his discovery, CALTHOS, to
ERng\ / M \ ' 1 ""Vn^w^-^ \ the knowledge of the world, the best physicians
BsaHqlk ■i A[ I //>I^%SC O denied that any meflicine known to science could
I^B^a Hr ' II ' /(?■:& T9> '/ restore the vital forces of men, if once lost
Wa * JA ' j?J-tf \/ / through overwork.abuse, or excesses. CALTHOS
&£s>• w!^ I U4f£\. /Wv!k 1 /is the greatest sensation in the medical world to-
r-!.|^B *-/ tMw>*n^£'' : 'W± \ J / day. The cures made by CALTHOS (many of the
SC-\ UT I Pr^-^iM^^'-'i'^^^l 1/ cases of years standing) have attracted the atten-
IPisai / #aT'-'.- ■ •'■^TS^WWHB .: 1/ tion of medical men everywhere. The National
Un / MM-yy-'-'- ■■: '•■\'^J*S/fjfi^Wm\ V cal Board has recommended the remedy for use in
C""' ; Mf 'W"-'Y' '•'■'•'•' ! "^v^^'^rißl 1 Insane Asylums, where, as well known, a majority of
WEaSfifm 7 »"'-'"'-'''^flii^fr'' l^^-'V^J;.s3\ I the male inmates are victims of lost manbood in j
<^-v^^-J^^>S^^ I its most terrible form, brought on by abuses and
KsßEHß^"ilf'^ } V-S?^'*#.vWi«-?a \ youthful error. In Europe the remedy is endorsed
'^r'y:Wf ) ■/■'•vV-V/*i^ - '- ->> ii^.iv r >wfii^y \\ by the French and German governments, and is I
<^MMmm\\ ! *)'<i&':' l 'JJ^^'\sffi \\ used as a spetific in the preat standing- armies
WHtoWSk} \ Sp: : •" :^"!;l>*^&\-stfffii\&i \V of thoeecountries,and generally in allthefamous
W^^^SN^H^^>i^^^'-'''i^W^-''''l V] Vi Sanitariums and Retreats of the OM World.
I •.'■'■' W^^ii^^^^mkr, I|^ ddeTttat ever^ :
yw^i^^^m I FREE EiifS
;■'' 9m jt^^3tt£& ' Lut J HBB^^RH^^^^HDi^^^^K^H hr>>d, shall have
ti ~rf# /^gif '■'■' • • ? / I^HHBlW^B^^^^^^^^^* the opportunity
WBBSf SM3X '' : v '•' '■'•' *: ■ ■ m days' trial treatment t° ou t this
&;■•■■ /B' ; r -;- ij J 5 dajfS trial uSainWlll wonderful remedy
Ws3 J^M^^S^^^^^l own individual case. For that purpose they have
Wffl S$&T. ' '''"' wSBmJ^- X recently imported 100,000 special 5-day treatments,
|j fi| ••• ■^3s,togiveawavasatrial,freeofanycharge whatever.
IF £u£^tX^ZMllwMMlL 11 ;!- -ull-i Ixiii ii L<«t Manhood, Varicocele, Weak-
W/Uhrß* ' ••*■;- ■ -'j. '■^\-\f<M£*'<sk' l - A Jt '' ness of any nature in the Sexual Organs or nerves,
111 1 1 H IMIWiiIIiM^W^BMMIWM (no matter how caused), or if the. parts are un-
developed or bave shrunken or' wasted away, CALTHOS will cure^and^tore you .
CALTHOS is put before you on its merits alone. Put it to the test, try it free, -there is no
security required. No C. "O. P. or Deposit scheme. Co. will send you enough ••fAI THOU" tn last
Send us your name and address, and The Yon Mohl Co. will send yon enough CALTH Ob tolast
five days. IT WILL BE SENT IN A SEALED PACKAOE BY MAIL. In the quiet of your home
y ° U AU n cS^de^ "CALTHOS" department of our business is strictly confidential.
Wo neither publish nor furnish testimonials. Address applications for trial treatment to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY 473 B. Cincinnati. 0.| Pr rt th™uni^Bti* | :
No Longer, Un
der the New
Charter, Will the
Traditions of a
Bygone Policy
Be Tolerated,
Whereby the
Youth and
Promise of the
Metropolis May
Risk Health.
liquor dealer, identified the body as that
of Baldini Fedele, an Italian, who is 28
ypurs of age, anil has only been in this
country three or four years. He was a
deckhand on the Dover. Deceased was a
sinple man and had no relatives in this
country.
MURDER ADDED
TO THE CRIMES
OF DESPERADOES
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Nov. 14.
John Thomas, the saloon-keeper of |
West Oakland, shot In the head by j
masked robbers last Sunday night, died ;
at the Receiving Hospital this morn- |
!ng, having been unconscious since he '
fell before his bar.
The death of Thomas renders it hardly
probable that the gang who robbed his ;
saloon anij murdered him will be caught,
as there is absolutely no clew upon which
to work. The bullet that caused death :
was embedded in Thomas' brain, and al- j
though the doctors probed several times
they were unable to locate it exactly or
to extract it.
Thief of Pnlire. Hodgkins ordered the
release to-day of Ed Scott, the last of '
the suspects, who was found among the
box cars near the scene of the murder.
"It is certain to my mind." said the |
Thief, "that all these robberips and hold
ups are the doings of one gang, who are
apparently not amateurs. If they keep
on at thtir game they will run into some
saloon some nitrh: whore the proprietor
is ready to receive them and they will ;
end up in the morgue."
It has been suggested that therp is al- '
together too much ornamental work in
the Police Department. Chief Hodgkins,
when asked to-day, paid that there are
sixty-one men in the department, of
which number forty-two are patrolmen.
These patrolmen are divided Into two
watches,' of which the night watch has
about thirty men. This number is said
to be altogether too small to look alter
a city which reaches from Fruitvale to
the bay. and from Berkeley town line to
the estuary, and has a population of over
70,000. The nineteen men, nearly a third .
of the whole department, who do not pa
trol, are distributed into Chief of Police,
captains, sergeants, bailiffs, clerks, Jail- ]
its and patrol wagon drivers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURffYT
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^<^^^
Terr email amd as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF lfADTrrfe FOR headache. cpp
SLL j CARTERS FOR dizziness. dcc
GENUINE f E R FOR BIUOUSMESS. GENUINE
GENUINE Vivfd for torpid liver. GENDINE
I p| it's FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR JLjl ' for SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
yiurrtK \Ssam [for the complexion nKAtTts
_ . . GKZVfJJLNJC MUaTKAVtj^ONATUWf. _
25 (Site Purely Ve%etal>ls./<&e*~**&>Z*C
"FR^IIMTEID OKT 12.E1D PAPER."
BATXROAJD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN 11. CO. :
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. |
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market 6t.
SAN FRANCISCO SAN" RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:3*
and :M d. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:80. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. «:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN 1 FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 13:45,
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40, 6:05,
8.25 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect 1 San Francisco.
■ j October 15, . I
Week ; Sun- 1899. Sun- Week l
Days. I days. Destination days. Days. ;
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pmj 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am ;
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
jtSO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am JHopland and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pa
7:30 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerne-ville. 7:35 pm
3:10 pm : ' 5:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am j Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:80 pm 5:00 pm| 7:35 pm 6:22 pm !
Staires connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West j
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton \
for Lytton Springs; at Oeyserville for Skaggs i
GprlnKß; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop- '
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, i
Kelscyvtlle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy :
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, '
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, ;
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'«
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Vial, Wlllitts. Laytonvlllo, Cum-
cning's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round triD tickets to all points)
'beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
M. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager- Gen. Pass. Agent.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route, j
The fastest train, running over the best rail- ,
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves Ban Francisco at
'MONDAY. WEDNESDAY. FBIDAY. SATURDAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
ntIDAY, SUNDAY. TUEBDAY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave for Denver,
Kansas City. Chicago and the East. Take Mar-
ket-st. Ferry at 6: JO p. m. .• • - ;;
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton, Fresno, Hanford. Visalia
Tulare and Bakersfleld, furnishes good local
train service.
San Francisco office, 628 Market at., telephone
Main 153 L
Oakland office, 118 Broadway.
Sacramento office, 201 J street.
Ban Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, I
iiatiSS^la***"''* KEAK.W NT .Established :
■^r^Bsssi in 1554 for the treatment of Private
flMifkJ&a Hiseusi-s, tost Manhood. Debility or
VHEanEn disease wearing ou bodyand mln v. "id ;
•yjngDßyH Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
Jgßfßjßjgl others fall. Try him. Charges low
SWTHiim iHii «'ure»gnnrnnlyfd. Callorwrite.
»»- -*- «- ufBDQIT, Box 19S7.S&U IVandaca.
FLAGMAN MEETS
DEATH BENEATH
TRAIN WHEELS
OAKLAND, Nov. 14.— PatrtcX Connor.
the aged flagman at the railroad cross
ing of Stanford street and San Pablo ave
nue, Golden Gate, to-night risked his life
to save the lives of an expressman named
O. Olsen and the latter's daughter, and
met death in a somewhat peculiar man
ner. The 6:45 o'clock Berkeley local,
bound for the Oakland mole, was rapidly
nearing the crossing, when Flagman Con
nor was suddenly apprised of an ap
proaching express wagon driven by O. Ol
sen, at whose side sat his daughter. Con
nor shouted at the top of his voice and
excitedly waved his danger flag to warn
Olsen as well as Engineer Clark of th*
local. Instantly Olsen turned his horses
to one side, but being unable to turn
away sufficiently to avoid a collision he
and his daughter jumped for their lives
and escaped with only a few bruises. Be
fore Engineer iark could stop his train
the locomotive crashed into the wagon
and th>- latter vehicle was hurled against
and upon th<> flagman.
P. Ward, residing at 1083 Crawford
street, was an eye-witness. He said:
"Connor had just flagged the train for a
clear track, and. turning about, probably
saw Olsen driving up. He made a des
perate effort to save the expressman from
being hit by the train, but the latter ap
peared to get rattled and jumped with
his daughter for safety, when the train
struck the wagon and pushed it over on to
Connor. I think Olsen was driving to his
home in Golden Gate."
Deceased, who was a native of Ireland,
aged 60 years, had resided in this city
twenty-two years. He leaves a widow,
three "daughters and two sons, all residing
at 223 Etta street, near B. Golden Gate.
An inquest will be held to-morrow night.
A whisper in a country village continues
to echo for weeks.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
SOI7THKRBT f**CIFIC^CttWPAIfT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains leave nn«l are due to arrive at
NAN ntt>US(o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lk*-vk — From ITOVKMBXB 15, 1899. — arrive
•7:OOa. Bi nicia, Suisun and Sacramento *7:43p
•7:OUa M&rysville. Oroiille »Ia Woodland.
Elruira, VscaTillo and Rumsey — *7sASr
•?:«Oa Shasta Express— Darig, Willow*,
Red Bluff Portland »7:45p
•7:»Oa Martinez, .Han Ramon, Vtllejo, Ns,pa,
( 'alls tcga and Santa Rosa *6:13p
•8:3Oa The Overland Limited— Ogden, Den-
ver, Omaha, Chicago •3«I8f
*HiUOa Sun .Tose, Lirermore, Stockton,
love, Sacramento. Placerrille,
M»ry8Tlllo, Chioo, lledllluff MilSp
•S::tO* •Milton, Oakdale and Honor* M:l»p
•»:OOa Haywarda, Nilea and Way HtaMons. # l 1:43 a
•U:OOa Atlantio x press— Ogden and East > *9:43 a
•9.00 a Martiuox, Tracy, Latlirop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno # iail3p
*I»iOOa Port Costa, Krrsno, Mojave and I.os
A iitcelrs ««i4sp
•1O:O«a Valli] >. Martinez and Way Stations »0:45p
•I I :OOa Hartrardß, Nilea and Way Station!. *>:43r
•ISiOOm Nilrn, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Ptrterrille »4«l»r
tl:OOp Sacramento UlTerStenmers +S:OOp
•aiOOi- Haywardn, Niles and Way Stations. # »:4»p
•4:«m»i- Martinez, Sail ltainon, Vallejo,
Napa, C&liilngn. B«uta Rosa »»ill»*
•4:OOr Bcnicia, VacaTllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Kulßbts Lauding,
MarrßTille, Orotllle •I«:48a
«4iBOp Niles, Han. Toseand Stockton *7:13r
•3:OOpTho Owl Limited— Fresno.
Bakerstield, gauges for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles *0:43 A
•SiSOp Stockton, Merced. Fresno Ma:l3p
•3:UOp Fiesno, liakersiielil, Santa lUtbira.
Los Angeles. Deminc El Paso,
New Orleans and Bast *Bi4B a
*Si3Op Santa K.i Route— Atlantlo Express
for Mojiif s>ii<l Kiwi *e«49p
*8:00p Hay wards, Niles and San Jose # 7i4i>a
T«;:i«r Valleju # ia:l3p
•Oia« [• OrienUl Mall— and East *Bi3op
t7:OOf Valuju, Port CoaU and Way Mta-
tioiJß }9:33r
*8:O3r Oregon and California Kxiire««.H»c-
rnmeiit.r. Maryoillo, Ro<l>Htig,
rortlmui. Tngrt Konml mid K»Bt 'gtiat.
COAST MfIKHM (Narrow (iKM»f).
(Foot of Mnrkut Wtrt-ct.)
•S: 18 a Newark, Ceutenille, San Jose, Kelton,
Boulder Creek.SautaCruiand Way
Station* •3tB«r
fSsISp Newark. CeutcrTllle. San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
SUtlons tl«:.1»*
•4:13p Newark, San Jose, Los Oatos •»:!lOa.
t>ll:l3r Hunters' Excursion, S»u Jose »nd
WaySUllops }7iB»F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN mfiClSCO— Foit if Mtrkit Strut (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:03 *2:09 13:09
•i:00 (0:00 «'B:O9r.M.
rrraOtlUVD— r«ol*rSruiwiT.— "COO 8:00 10:O0a.H.
1 12:00 '1:03 t2:00 »8:00 ti:QO •B:oor.tt.
(OAST IM VISION (RroadtUage).
(Third and Towngeml Sta.) >
t«:IOA Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. ifoi»Op
•7:00 a San Jose ami Way Statlmis (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) *l:80p
•8:00 a Sail Joae. Tres riiios, Hitntii Cruz,
Pacilic Grove. Pasn Rubles, Bau
Luis Olilspo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way SUtinna »4:lOp
■IO:4Oa Sau .lone Mid Way .Stations..*. •0:33 a
•I It Ma San Jose and Way Stations.. «3:30p
t3:4SrSatt Matco, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Sau.luse.
Tres Finos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Grove tlO:30A.
f»:HOp San Jose and Way Stations *7:80p
f 1:1 !»i- San Jose and Principal Way Stations •»: -13 A
f.VOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations tU:OO.*
•3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Statious *8;33a.
«ti:aor San Jose and Way Stations f8:00A
b11:45i- San Jose and Way Stations «7:30p
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
•Daily. t .Sunday exeepted t Sunday only.
6 Saturday only. •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VU ImiUi* Parry.
Commencing: October 1, 1889.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— •S:^, 11:00 a. m.; «1:«5.
•3:40, 6:15, 6 00, «:S0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill "alley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesd* and Saturdays,
sit 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. -'
SUNDAYS— »g:00. '10:00, •11:80 a. m. »1:15.
1:15, »4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:2S. '6:35. 7:45, »9:« a. m :
•12:30. 2:15. «3:40. *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00, •10:00, *11:45 a. m.;
•1:40. # 3:15, 4:45, »€:3O p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCOj
WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:46. 7:65. 8:46 a. m.;
12:35. 2:35, 3:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday! and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:O6, 10:05 a. m. 12:05, 3:15, 8:30,
6:00, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and way stations.
J:4O p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and --ay stations.
8:00 a. m. Sunday* — Tomales and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUN DAT, October 1, 1899.
WEEK DAYS— a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Faro S. F. to Summit and. Return. II 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. As;ts., 621 Market It.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: rpen until 1:10 p. m.
SCO Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:CO p. m.
SIS I^arkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
j?4l Mission street; cp?n until 30 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 3 p. m.
1056 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second nnd Ken
tucky streets; . ■-!-. until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
' MOUNT Mi rial) Lodge No. 44, F. and A. *
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEUNES-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30. for instruc-
tlon of new work. Master Masons In- ' x
vited. THEO.. FROHLICH, Secretary.^
CROCKETT Lodre N'> 139. F. and A. »
M.— Degree third THIS (WEDNES _**^
DAY) EVENING; November 15, at 1 '"< /ki>\
oJclock. By order of the W. M. '^r x
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary^
EXCEI^IOR Lodge No. 168, F. and A. ■
M.— Special < 'ting THIS (WEDXES- f*.
DAY) EVENING, November 15, at 7:30 J^\
o'clock. Second decree. " ' ~
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION I/odge No. IC!>, F. and A. M.— •
Called mating THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
. .EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third do ]&J\
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary, /jw »
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- ()j
cisco Bricklayers' Association will I* jl
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- Jfij
JNG ■..:•»••• 15. IS.3. at Una: B'rlth <l^>/
I Hall, 121 Eddy st., at 8 o'clock. A full < T]'k >
attendance requested. Business of im- jjj
portance. E. J. BRANDON. Pres
ANNUAL meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the Rtockho'ders of the Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, will be held at the Bee of the com-
par.-. No. 327 Market et.. San Francisco. Cal..
en MONDAY, the 20th day of November.
1599, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
jiurpose o? electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of Euch other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, November 14. 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. fci. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting- Regular annual meeting of
the stockholder;- of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. No. *27 Market St., Pan Francisco.
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 20th day of Novem-
ber. IS??, at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
■• Eerve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such- other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
. r. Tuesday, November 14. 1599. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELUON Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting— A special meeting of the
stockholder* of the OCCIDENTAL BEET
SUGAR COMPANY will be held at the office
cf th» company. 327 Market St.. in the City
ur-\ County of San Francisco. State of Call-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the isth day of No-
. veml lS n 9, at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose cf considering a proposition to dlsln-
rnrr-orate the company.
X H. SHRLDON. Bifretary .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
• ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
• icle building; no advance charges; all cafes;
estates. mortgagee, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. S."-0 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. ?"> Market «.. ajip. Mason;
consultation free; mr*i»rat« fees.
L. S. CLARK. Emma SpreckeU building. 927
Market; consultation free: no fe«"s in advance. |
ADVICE free; no charge* unless successful. W. j
W, DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason. j
_UC;YCI.ESUr:PAIJtS-!&?
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
' REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
1«M\I{I) AND ROOMS.
. NEW family hotel; flrst-clase in all appoint- ,
■ njents; excellent table. SC7 California St., oc-
cupying corner opposite Grace Church.
•'BELGRAVIA HOTEL," Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny suites: best boani: for 2. $45 up; singe, $20.
ELI. IS. 3.7— Elegant table boar 1. home cooking;
neat and h-«Tie-llke; $4 a reek.
LAP PALMAP. IS2O Market— Suite of .' or 3 '■
rms.; private; bath: sin. rms. ; board optional. j
O'FARRELL" 742— Large sunny front rooms;
good hutne cooking; also single rooms; $20 up. j
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver,' seal- i
skins, pisnos. guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay. i
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
i
A SCOTCH lady wants the care of a little boy;
a good home. Apply "33 Shotwell tt.. bet.
. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort- :
able home for children. EBIA Castro St. :
HOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM and board; vicinity Mason and Union: !
German family preferred. KRAUSE 2°4
Shctwell st. • i
ROOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchan-ed !
Holmes Bouk Co.. 704 Mission st.. near Third: |
800 I A>i> SBOKB.
BOYS' shoes, splendid vaiue. sizes 9 to 13i4..5,.^c |
Children's shoes, all styles, sizes. R to J1...7?,c j
Lalles' lace or button, $1: men's shoes. ..fl "5
People's Shoe Store. 1203 Stockton, nr. Bd~y. |
Bl SINESS CHANCES.
THE NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO ?~
'-'27 Mitrket st.. Rooms 20l and 202
WE MAY HAVE IT. READ OUR LIST
TREASURER- for one of the best theatrical
propositions In the market; amply secured; ;
handle your own money; salary LOO per
month: 5 per c«nt on net profits; tuna... capi-
tal required: lady or gentleman; strictly first
class: caJl for full Information at once.
BAR with grocery wanted at once for soot
cash.
STAPLE merchandise wanted for cash and free
bikl clear property.
HARDWARE stock wanted Immediately; must
be good location and price right.
LADY or gentleman wanted for an Interest In
g t.uslnosg.
SIJ\ ERAL good business chances in near-by
towns; you can get half interest In same;
they are all right and thoroughly staple; no
bonus required.
J2OOO TO invest, with sen-Ices; what can you
■ ffer?
STOCK boots and shoes; pood one; in near-by
town; investigate this 8' once.
PHOTOGRAPHIC business; one of the best in
the State; this is an up-to-date plant; old es-
tablished; can be hr.d cheap.
BAR and billiard room In good paying hotel;
Mno competition; owner has other buslne get
information on this one: sure If you want a
good thing. .
HAVE several parties from the East who warn
good business openings. What have you?
CASH paid for stiiple. merchandise.
ROAD house wanted; Sonoma Co. preferred
- HAVE party who wishes to well a half interest
in one of the best Investments in this section;
chance *?i>2om offered.
MANUFACTURING plant— You can get the
whole or a linlf Interest; cheap rent; will
stand close Investigation.
GROCERY stock— This la a good one; cheap
rent; party obliged to go East; bargain.
RELIABLE man wanted to take half interest
In paying business: must be a bustler.
SALOON wanted— Have spot ranh.
IF ycu want to buy, sell or exchange a business
of any kind you will do well to call upon us;
we .1o not oharge any commission unless we
do business; you •> ■:: always receive due cour-
tesy from experienced attendants.
NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO.,
&27 Market St., rooms 201 and 202.
A — '"' "AND! factory and ice cream parlors
on Valencia St.; established years and doing
n g"od paying business; rent $1:,; a splendid
busl-n.-ss offer. CalMt. G. Wilke, 906 Market.
HOOO— OLD established bakery nnd Tee !■:.--
-lors; In choicest location; doing a splendid
business; large outside trade; fullest inves-
tisHtic:; solicited. Call H. G. WILKE, l<0«
Market it.
j " SALOON, near Market p.nd Mason BtsT;
■ large pjace; fine fixtures and well mocked
*tde entrance and dubrooms. R O WILKE
;>O6 Market st. . '-.-.'
• A— s3oo; HOME bakery and restaurant on Ellis
St.; cheap rent; splendidly paying. Call j>
O. WILKE. 906 Market Ft.
A— {6oo— BOARDING-HOUSE with ;; finely fur-
' nished rooms; rent $35; nnst-class paying;
widow It compelled to sacrifice. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— WOW— SALOON in wholesale district ; »-Btabl.
• years and doing a good paying buainesa; no
night or Sunday work; rent $50. Call It. G.
WILKTC. 9C6 Market (it.
$_oo— BRANCH bakery and stationery; Western
Addition, close to SChoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms included; sickness of owner cause
of sale; bargain. H. G. WILKE. JO'S Market.
CORNER grocery and bar; Rood part city; bar-
■ gain. See COWING & CO., 995 Market Bt.
jjjjw— PARTNER wanted; pork & sausage mfg.
business; investigate. Cowing & Co.. >35 Mkt.
HOUSE and lot at Fruitvale to exchange for
rooming house. OWING & CO.. 395 Market.
7-trATI store fine location, at a bargain. See
• COWING * CO., '■'■■■ ■ Market et.
»/-foV-V"irRY and bar: centrally located; bargain;
"so. COTTING_fc CO., 995 Market st.
t rvTAI nractlce; 4 .hairs; No. 1 location.
and outfit: rhance of lifetime; 24 years
.Slibed. ° COWING & CO.. »6 Market rt.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$SOO— RESTAURANT at railroad depot; 9 fur-
nished rooms; low rent; old-established busi-
ness; well paying; well fitted up; , 0 ™ 1
double; full Investigation. M. Leas, 765 Mrkt.
$550— CREAMERY and delicacy business: prin-
cipal street; large transient and .regular trade;
low rent; 'nvestlgate. M. LESS."\76s i Market,
$350— PARTNER wanted In commission busi-
ness « itab. many years: good business; must
be sober, steady man. M.- LESS. 765 Market.
$:75— RESTAURANT and bar: good location;
paying place; rent only HO; good -fi^ "Market
wife or two partners. M LESb. <6j Mar net.
$4500— HOTEL for sale, exchange or lease.; 30
furnished rooms, bar and bowling alley. In
heart of adjacent city. .ALFA C 0.. .935 Mrkt.
110 man to take partner's place: light, gen-
teel paying business. ALFA CO.. 935 Market.
PARTNER tailoring business: estab. ; small
capital; partner retiring. Alfa Co.. 93-. Market.
RESTAURANT; well located; low rent; good
trade; for sale cheap. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
FIRST-CLASS bakery, delicacy store and
school supplies; account of departure. 19j4
Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. 712 Valencia St.
GOOD paying business and fixtures for sale at
$250. Apply 706 A Larkin st-
OLD established barber shop, with furniture
and 2 chairs; rent low. 1103 ward st.
C A N D Y~stonT r sale; $225. JNO. MALUFF.
203 Second st.
GROCERY and bar; fronting 2 streets: cheap.
27 Folsom aye. and 14 Heron.
PARTY wishes to trade Interest in good oil
land for trilling machine. Box 2452. Call.
INVENTOR of several new and useful novel-
ties wishes manufacturing partner or will
sell; principals only. 511 Eighth st.
$350— OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant In whole-
sale district; no Sunday work. Apply 226
Batten' st.
FOR sale at sacrifice; retiring from business:
wholesale and retail store established 2i5
years: suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
separate: long lease If desired. '-.''.'). MON-
NIER. 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
FOH sale— a well-paying downtown grocery
and liar; fine location: new store: low rent:
good reason ; for selling- Inquire WILLIAM
CLT'FF CO.', Front and Pine Bts.
FOR sal>--— First-class bakery doing a good
counter trade; and also a good route, two
horses and" two wagons. Address Box 394.
Call Office. __
$350— HOME bakery for sale; portable oven;
guaranteed profits $25 p«r week. Box 293. Call.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop for sale
In the center of this city; reason, death of pro-
prietor. For particulars cal™ on H. SCHEU-
XF.P.T, 527 Market st.
$250— BAKERY: receipts $16 day; all store
trade: genuine bargain. JONES, SGS Market.
FIRST-CLASS Krocery and bar at Invoice:
two-thirds cash; balance on time. Inquire
box 302. Call office.
FOR sale — Good fruit stand; 3 living rooms;
cheap. Apply 130 Eighth st.
H—
$32riO-HOTEL. f>o rooms; richly furnished: good
will: splendid business: grand location. E. E.
BUNCE, flOB Broadway. Oakland.
FOR ale in a booming town: best paying hotel
and bar; oheap: SO miles from city; death In
family. Address A. R., 9S Crockett. Cal.
BARGAIN; corner saloon and lunch
house: good location; no agents. Inquire box
2429. '"all office.
FIRST-CLAPS French II |U ir store: established
25 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
Powell st. |
GOOD paying business and fixtures for sale at j
$250. Apply 708 Larkin st. ;
FOR sale— Blacksmith shop; cause of selling,
death of owner. Apply at 22 Cortland aye. !
$600— BRANCH bakery: dairy produce for sale. j
Address box 2S2S. Call office.
PRIVATE house: 15 rooms; 20 regular boarder.-": !
north of Market. Box 247, Call offlc. j
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL •■: CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- ■
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- j
lencia St. ' !
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly j
Call, 16 pages, tent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1, J
■ -•■!■•* rjaid
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new: business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. S2S Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
130 SETS eecond-band hpmess; wagon?, carts,
bnct-ie«. mirreTF and horses. 1140 Fols,,m st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING. |
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work |
Bend to BPAULDING'fi Pioneer Carpet- :
beating Works. 253-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40. I
CITY Steam Carpet itini Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 33-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250. !
J. McQUEEN'B California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
AT", Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: '.ov.-«-st rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main SIM, GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at "c per yard; laid at 3c. j
S""RATTON'S. 3 Eighth Et.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate five. : tel. Ea«t 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste: a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison "oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted un ail affairs of life. While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery; she will
snow you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated: recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire
dfe, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
wnn special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk St., near Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
Fittings $1; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. LEBT.'S. the only true destiny reader,
brings separated lovers together, brings hap-
piness to married couples, gives advice con-
cerning business matters, locates stolen prop-
erty; ladles, 2.".-; gentlemen, 50c. 310 Turk st.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed; houi-s 1:30 to 5
p. m.. 7-10 p. m.; L. . 25c: ■; . 50c. 612'^t Eddy.
MME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes ft., room 7, second floor.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-nisht; 8:15 sharp:
sittings daily. 10 to 4. 3809 Stockton st., near
Greenwich.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; reads your life; cradle
to grave. 50c. $1. 39 Turk, cor. Taylor, parlrs 25.26.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
roader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 102H Sixth St.,
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; correct answers to all questions. 5 7th st.
PROF. GEE. medium, sees and tells every-
thing: COc. $1; clr. every night. 25c. 1035 Mkt.
EDWARD EARLS. Independent slatewriter,
330 Ellis st.: Circle Sun. . and Wed. evenings.
MRS. BURS 245 Fourth St.. Napoieon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices reasonable.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. H:!5 McAllister; readings;
tests daily, 10c; dr., Mon.. Frl.. 25c, 2-8 p. m.
M.ME. BYBILLE— < to grave; future hus-
j band's picture. Ec; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
p.ilmittry. 2Cc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mtbblon.
MM! SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sitting dully. 212., Sixth St.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
.advice: nnmes given; 25c up. .'> Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for D cents— Weekly Call;
lij pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College. 1422 Folsom;
free medical and surg. treatment: 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
lerg successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
REAR cottage; 3 rooms and bath; $8. 510 Cas-
tro st.
COTTAGES WANTED:
WANTED— PIain furnished house; 3 or 4 rooms,
basement, barn, cheap, for man and wife, by
November 27. Address 11. de 8., 2122 Mission.
THE SAN FRAJS CISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15. 1899.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe TBnkand— extract-
] ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
I or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
! filled or crowned without pain; plates that nt
from $4 K0 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
I the pain; see our flesh" colored plates, thinner
! and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 ID: plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago D»ntal Parlors. 24 Sixth Bt.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket tt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; piates. extractions free, $4 60 up: of-
: flee hours, 9a.m.to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9to 2
; p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
| DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell Bt.. «-
! tracts and fills teeth palnleeslv by his won-
j derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
i rubber or flexible plntes, $3; received 8 first
prises; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
! TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 year*: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
•SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
: MEYER— Deutscher Z>ahnar_t, * Turk; lst-cla*9
work; prices reas.; gas: crown & bridge work.
I OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. S graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. £50 Market.
l PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearnv. cor. Bush:
I full set teeth. $4; crowns. «3: fillings. 25c.
j LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
j years. N. Y. Dentists. »67 M'" 1 "' ™r. 'h.
j DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
! si^F Dressmaking, —.dies' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
! DRESSES made: skirts, $1 25. MME. RAG-
j GAPSON. 171S I.eavenworth St.
' GEARY, 658— Skirt making especially; skirts
from $1 76 up: suits from J5 up.
I PARISIAN dressmaking. CS7 Geary: dresses
] made $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
j ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
' Ing. pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor &■ M'ffatt.
EDI CATIONAL.
AVREs7~th7Teuding business college, 723 Mar-
ket st conducted personally by Mr. and Mrs.
W. F. Ayres. Individual Instruction In short-
-1 hand, typing. English, penmanship and the
I practical voucher system of bookkeeping.
Life scholarship, $.'.O; catalogue. %
' HEALDS Business College, 24 Post St.. S. X. ;
prHrtical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils: lessons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery %t.
i ALL students but two taking full course this"
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO i
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
i ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining, [
mech.. survey, assay, arch!.: day nnd even.;
! est. IHJ4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.-
-j PRIVATE lessons; English branches; .coaching,
telegraphing: 3 to 6or 7 to 3 p. m. Box 2407,
Call office.
! FRENCH. Spanish, etc. PROF. DE PTLIPPE*S
I Academy of Languages,32o Post; ablest profs.
I LAW schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
i PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2: new members welcome: ref. 100S Mission.
i ■'EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOY OFFICES.
i ORPHEL'M Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
i nese. 426 Powell, near Putter; tel. Black 1321.
: FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 653 Clay st. ; phone Davis 821. __^
■ JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
, Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414'« O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAK'I. 30 Orary St.: tel. «>rwnt ">«.
EMPLOI WANTED FEMALE. j
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and waitress de-
Bires a situation In hotel or boarding house;
best city references. MISS H. CULLINAN.
223 Sutter st.
1 FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
j tion; also first-class Swedish cook; best refer-
[ ences; city or country. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Putter St.; phone Main 651.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation as housekeeper; city or country;
best ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
NEAT, respectable girl would like to do second
work and assist with children; or would do
light housework and plain cooking; reference.
Please call or address 57 Chesley st., off Har-
rison, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
| COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
j llrst-clasti laundress; makes herself generally
] useful; best references given. Call at 120 !
i Wildey St., near Steiner, bet. Bush and Pine.
BY a refined, educated young lady, a position
as governess or companion; excellent refer-
ences. 2221 Dwlght way, Berkeley, telephone
Black 13.".:,.
EASTERN ' woman wants place to care -for
small children and sew; good cook, etc.;
wages moderate. Call 1522 Sanchez St., near
Twenty-ninth, for one week.
GERMAN woman raised in America Wishes a
situation to do housework; is a good cook;
wages from $10 to $12. Call at 609 Howard.
WANTED— Ladles' and gentlemen's underwear
to wash and mend at home. Call or address
MRS. BEN, 2U 1 2 Polk st.
YOUNG cirl wishes situation to take care of
I children and do light housework. 608 Ten-
nessee St., Potrero.
I EASTERN woman wishes situation; general
housework: city or country. tO7 Linden aye.,
off Hayes st., near I^aguna.
COMPETENT English and French cook; best
of references; city or country. Address box
2455, Call.
RELIABLE young woman wishes position to
do light housework with 2 or 3 adults; refer-
ences. Call 731 Laurel aye., bet. Eddy & Turk.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation; good
cook; or will do housework; willing and
obliging. Call 227 Hayes st.
COMPETENT woman wishes position as house-
keeper or cook for men In mining town or on
ranch. Apply room 4, 652 Mission; no triflers.
j SITUATION wanted by th*> day, washing, Iron-
Ing or housecleanlng. 828 Howard st.
GERMAN girl wish(*s a place as cook or to do
housework. 129 Ninth St.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes washing and
; ironing by the day. Please call 264 V. Tehama.
YOUNG girl wishes to do chamberwork. Call
160 Steu..rt M.; no postals.'
WOMAN wants washing or cleaning by day or
I half-day. ChU 44 Linden aye.
I $100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
■ skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
MAN and wife wish positions as cook; help
his wife; good pastry and meat cook; board-
I ing-houB», small restaurant. Address II , 123S
Bush st.
COMPETENT colored woman wishes position
to do general housework; good plain cook.
Address lf.»i Sherwood place, off Third st.,
between Mission and Howard.
DISTINGUISHED Italian lady and daughter,
speaking English, of correct manners and
habits, wish employment as companion to
lady or children or chambermaids. Address
box 1301, Call.
RESPECTABLE temperance woman wants
ashing where she may have her boy of
12 with her; hotel or restaurant. Address
MRS. CLARA. Berkeley.
! WASHING or housecleantng by the day want-
ed ,by a reliable and capable woman; $1 and
car fare. Sl7 Natoma St., bet. Tenth and
Eleventh.
AN experienced young lady desires a position
as bookkeeper, cashier or saleslady; city or
1 . country; references. Box 245, Call office.
SITUATION— By young girl to do light house-
work. Address Box 2458. Call Office.
WANTED— Light housework or take care of
children. MISS NICHOLS, 718 Valencia st.
WTNCII ESTER, House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week-, convenient and respectable; free bus
1 wnd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-secona and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. m
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
1 subscriptions has been established at 1090 Va-
I lencia st. ■ , . ■ :
EMPLOYMENT WANTED
MALE nurse, graduate of Bellevue Hospital,
excellent testimonials, desires engagements
by day, week or month or in private family.
Address HIRAM NEWCOURT, Red Cross
Tent. Union Square.
COACHMAN— Competent .man, thoroughly un-
derstands his business in all branches, Al ref-
erences, desires situation. As to qualification
address C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
SWEDISH married man wishes a position as
coachman; Is a sober reliable man. Please
call at 995 Market st., room IS.
WANTED— by *oung man at window and
house cleaning by the day HENRY ANDER-
SEN, 952 Bush st. ' "
YOUNG man wishes position In saloon where
he can learn to mix drinks; has had some
experience. Address box 2481. Call.
AN Al plumber would like situation In city or
country. Address box 2479, Call office.
GERMAN wishes position to do light work 0"
as watchman. Box 2476. Call office.
BARBER wants work evenings, • Saturday and
Sunday; 70 per cent. Box 2477, Call office.
FRENCH polisher wishes steady employment
J. TENNETT, Postofflce, Oakland
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
NEAT, respectable old man wishes position to
make himself generally useful around house
In exchange for board and : room. Address
Florence Hot*!, Ellis and Powell sts., room 19.
INDUSTRIOUS, .sober and honest gentleman:
understands the care of horses, cows, garden
work; is handy with tools and has porter ex-
perience; desires position. Address box 2474,
Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German, handy with carpen-
ters' and blacksmiths' tools, has run different
engines wishes employment. Address F. T..
_Hurr.holdt House, 13C9 Stockton St.
A— A— sso OFFERED by competent accountant
and salesman for Information lending to per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997, call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
1 desires position as porter In wholesale house
I or store; understands the care of horses and
I is handy with tools. Box 2570, Call.
I YOUNG man. just come from the East, wishes
good position: best of references. Address
PH. MITT. 150 Fourth st.
MAN handy with tools wishes situation as
watchman or janitor. Box 24C0. Carl office.
YOUNG man. just come from the East, wishes
good position; best of reference. Address
__ PH. MITT. 650 Fourth Ft
WANTED— Situation by young Japanese as
schoolboy. FRANK. 623 Pine st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fts. Open till 9 p. m. *
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
! subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenein. Bt.
EXCHANGE.
$5000 — FOR sale or exchange; good city Income
business property; will tnk» flats or cottage
In the Mission. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H
Market st.
i GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON 1 . 1?M Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
Ifi7l'.. Market St.. San Francisco: exam. fr»-.
FINANCIAL.
SAVINGS hank depositor* please call room 529,
Parrott building. In reference to rate of In-
terest. . .
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat: modern
improvemts. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
[ list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FOLSOM, 1744, nr. Thirteenth— sl3; runny low-
! Pr flat; 6 rooms, bath, yard.
HOWARD. 2726— 527 50; furnished flat; 5 rooms;
piano. Apply between 4 and 6 o'clock.
LOWER flat of 3 rooms. 1310 Larkln st. Apply
at 131S Larkln st.
j PIERCE. 1336. near O'Farrell— Sunny upper flat
I of 5 rooms; bath; rent $12.
SUNNY new style flat. 7 rooms and bath; mid-
dle flat. 736 Fourteenth st.
6 ROOMS and bath and all modern Improve-
ments. Corner Castro and Twenty-second sts.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver, seal-
. skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
FLATS TO — FURNISHED.
FLATS— Just completed; modern 6 and 7 rooms;
yard: basement. 1923 O'Farrell st.
_ — —^— ■
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 30x60 inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway; open evening.
! 635 PAGE st.— For sale, elegant furniture of
8 rooms; flat fcr rent.
'■ 4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50, with NoT
7 ranr* King Piirnltur*- Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
VI lIMII IIK \VA NTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, Ml*slc.n~str~pays
the highest price for your id-hand furniture.
WANTED— carpets, furniture, etc. : highest
rrU- p 3 ld: postal. M. Silversteln. 1121 Market..
li KlUl'.K.-i, 1- I KS. KTC *
: ELECTRIC seal capes. As-.rakan yokes, $10 to
;.~0 ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top tloor.
HELP WANTED —
WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
sion to a selected number of high-grade
agents. We want the best men and women
to be had; those of experience and who can
be relied upon for faithful work; persistent
and energetic, of good address and with
"gumption" and the tact to secure what they
attempt. Retired ministers, school teachers,
or those seeking outdoor life, make good
agents; regular salary and a commission on
each order to the competent man or woman.
Call at agents' department. J. C. MURPHY,
29 Chronicle building, San Francisco. Cal.,
agent for the Curtis Publishing Company of:
Philadelphia, Pa.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-,
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 Inches in six
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps, Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First st., San Francisco.
SALESMEN wanted to sell the retail drug
trade P. C. M. A.. 76 Flood bldg., after 4
o'clock.
LADIES and gents to sell specially good Xmas
; article. Address W. M. DIGHT. Mercer. Pa.
HELP WANTED—
50 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes,
to-night, Wednesday, at 6:30 o'clock.
HOUSEWORK, San Jose. $25; Oakland, $25;
! Alameda, $25; Berkeley, $25; Arizona, $20 and
! fare paid; San Mateo, $20; 2 housework girls,
Stockton, $25 and $20: Menlo Park, $25; Palo
Alto, $25; Modesto, $20; Merced, $20; Liver-
more, $20; Vallejo, $20; Frullvale, $25, see
lady here Monday; 2 boarding-house cooks,
! $40 and $30 each; hospital cook, $40; cook for
Institution, $35; 4 second girls, $25 and $20
each; waitress, Los Angeles. 2 in family, $30;
24 housework girls, city and country. $25 and
$20 each; 10 young girls to assist, $12 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cook and caterer, country, $30;
cook and plain wash, short distance, $30; 2
Gorman cooks, $35; ironer, country laundry,
I $25; German cook, restaurant, $S week; neat
1 Scandinavian girl, housework, $25; German
j nurse and seamstress, $25: 3 German - and
Scandinavian second girls, $20 and $25; wait-
ress, restaurant, $7 week; waitress, country
hotel, $20; 3 waitresses, restaurant, $4 week
and room: 40 girls for housework in city and
country, $20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROS-
i:TT & CO., 316 Sutter St. ■ ■ '
WANTED— German waitress for country hotel,
$20 per month. W. D. EWER & CO.. 810 Clay.
GIRL; small family; general housework; wash-
Ing sent out; $12;.' call after 10. 2323 Leaven-
worth st.
WANTED— Neat girl to assist with baby; must
Bleep home; wages $10 per month. 1714 Van
Ness are., near Sacramento st.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework: must
be good plain cook; wages $5 per week. 23a
Post st. room' 6.
WRITERS on short story magazine, "The Ra-
ven": $37 in prizes. CHAS. McARTHUR,
Oakland.;
COMPETENT woman for housework. 2726
Greenwich st, near Baker.
GOOD waitress. Rosemont Restaurant, 506
Howard st. »
GERMAN girl to help In dining-room and up-
stairs' work; wages $17. 662 Fulton st.
WANTED— A first-class talloress on coats;
■ easy job. Apply 22^ Geary St.. room 46.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; no cook-
Ing. Address 1362 Geary st.
GIRL on coats. DRISCOLL, 103 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser, who understands
ventilating. 24 Geary st.
WOMAN who understands sewing. to look over
work In factory. 723 Market St., room 35.
HELP WA\"TED- FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 183. '
Ten waitresses; 2 chambermaids to wait; 2
laundresses, hotels, city and country; girl as
counter girl in bakery and restaurant. $15 and
found; 20 Scandinavian girls for housework,
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
GIRLS to learn to sew; paid while learning.
723 Market st., room 35.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
low wages; good home. 249 Minna st.
WANTED— Girl about 14 years for light house-
work. L'fiO7 ! « Sutter st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman to take care of
baby. Apply 2C26 Bush St.
WANTED— German woman for general house-
work. Apply 1437 Seventh aye. South.
WANTED— A talloress on pants. 8 Grant aye., I
room 12.
APPRENTICES at tailoring; paid while learn-
ing; come prepared to work. 6 Eddy st, r. 102.
WANTED— Quick, tidy waitress, up to busi-
ness. In coffee house. 607 Clay St.-
WANTED— GirI to assist with children. 2912
Clay st. ■■■-.
WANTED— GirI to assist with light housework
and baby. 129 Olive aye., near Van Ness. ;
GIRL for general housework; cooking; wages
$15; 626 Grove st. .'; r ,v.,'
NEAT girl to assist, light housework; two and
baby In family; $12. 930 Powell st.
WANTED— GirI or middle-aged woman to do
light housework. 509 Hayes st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in light housekeeping-
wages $£. 3824 Army st.
GIRL for light housework; small family; wages
$10. 1025 I-aguna st. ? i
YOUNG tin to assist in light housework and
children. 1649 Mission St.. bet. 12th and 13th.
ELDERLY woman to assist with light house-
work; 2 In family. 311 Castro st., near 16th.
. IF you want to be developed as a medium call
Prof. Haley, 39 Turk, cor. Taylor, parlors 23-26.
$100.WO TO loan on diamonds, watches silver seal-
I skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Second girl; must also wait at
table. Apply 926 Grove st.. bet. 10 a. m. and
4 p. m.
GOOD hairdresser; first-class salary to the
_ right one. 240 Stockton st., near Post.
WANTED— Good girl for general housework
(31 Green st., near Mason
WANTED— who want to make $2 to $4
a day it home. 472V4 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and general house-
Work; 3 in family. Call between 10 and i.
836 Union st. ■-■.<> "
A DAvF s yT ii 9 2 V,;,r ta{ apply ear "> r - ~*
PAX IS. 119 Russ Et.
I LADIES wanted throughout the State to sell
the Samson Corset Strengthened. Apply
_ SAMSON MFG. CO., 420 Montgomery, rm 20
WANTED— Four girls for light upstairs work
. and cooking. 530 Pacific st. -.■
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
LADIES' cloaks, suit. « ncr week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
HELP WAMED-.MALE,
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes
to-night, Wednesday, at 6:30 o'clock.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'. 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters for the Coast R. R.. free fare-
stone masons. H. R. work, $3 50 a day. free
fare: 10 farmers near city. $20 and $26 and
found; florist and greenhouse man; 2 milkers
$25; stableman, $"3.
Fry cook, $30; cook, country hotel, $40; cook
boarding house, $40: baker and pastry cook
country hotel, $35 to $40; 2 waiters country
hotels, $25; porter, $25. C. K. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. WEDNESDAY
....CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS....
Carpenter for mining company $65
blacksmith for the mines " $65
all-around blacksmith, country shop.. s2 60 day j
harness maker $33 and found
STABLEMEN BUTCHERS
stableman, country $30 and found
hostlers, city livery stables, $30 and $35 & fd
butcher and drive wagon, see boss here
$30 and found
all-around butcher, country $30 and found
6 plow teamsters, $26 and .found, $1 fare
farm, orchard and dairy hands
$20 to $30 and found
chore men and boys $15 and $20
LABORERS TEAMSTERS
5 pick and shovel laborers, city work.sl7sday
10 laborers, quarry, near city $"2
10 teamsters, mountain R. R $2 and found
drillers, R. R. work $30 and found
6 crosscut sawyers $30 and found
10 barkers $30 and founa
tiemakers and woodchoppers, etc
6 boys to learn different trades, $3 to $.' week
farmers and wives milkers and wives
MURRAY & READY, fi.",4-C36 Clay st.
COACHMAN, private family, near city, $30 and
found; references. MURRAY READY 634-
-636 Clay st.
BAKERS COOKS : PORTERS
cook, plain boarding house, near city, $4." and
found; IS cooks, $30 to $50; cake and pastry
baker, shop, north. $30; waiters, hotels and
restaurants, city and country, $25 and $30;
hotel porters, $20; polisher, country laundry.
$40; piano player, country saloon: boy for
Institution, $15. MURRAY Ac READY. 634-636 I
Clay st.
WANTED — Harness maker. $2 day: 2 men and
wives, private families. $43 and $30; 4 quartz
-miners, $2 50 day; lumberman for mine. $2 75
day: 20 laborers for quarries and railroad
work, $1 day and board nnd $2 day; stable-
man, $20 and found, and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT &- CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
AVANTED— Cook and wife, country hotel, *58;
cook, country boarding house. $35; night cook.
$10 week: restaurant cooled, waiters and
others.- J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED
Driver for milk route In city, references re-
quired, $35 per month and found; cook, coun- I
try hotel. $. .0; miners, $33 and board; 10 la- !
borers for mill and railroad, HO and found |
and fare paid; woodchoppers and 100 others.
W. D. EWER St CO., 610 Clay st.
; BARBERS wanted; first-class men only, at the
Barbers' Home,; barbers and bosses will be
' furnished free of charge with first-class help;
office hours from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. ; In con-
nection Tine sitting room for unemployed bar.
bers; letters referring to shops for sale; must
contain full particulars and stamped envelope
for reply; orders for barbers for country must
be accompanied by railroad fare; telephone
South 51. WM. HABERECHT, manager. 1205
Market St., corner of Eighth, formerly of the
Revere, Eureka, Humboldt Co., and Vallejo.
NOW open — Barbers' home: free employment
office; a social room connected fo- Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished fr^ if charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market St.. near
Eighth: telephone South 51. Wm. Heberecht.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
TAILORS — First-class operator wanted for J
country on ladles' tailor suits; must be rapid, j
accurate, understand pressing; good wages. !
Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO., corner of I
Second and Market sts.
WANTED— boy under 10 years old and
must reside with his parents; wages $1 50 per
week. Apply at 873 Market St.. room 1.
WANTED — Young man to drive butcher wag-
on: must be able to cut meat. Apply Mason
and Union sts.
MEN and women everywhere to, look after spe-
cial work; advancement after 26 days; salary
and commission: permanent. Address Dept.
Xl, The Werner Company, Akron, Ohio.
USE painter wanted: come before 8 o'clock.
F. 11. ABBES, 1803 Polk St.
JEWELERS wanted. 32S Bush st., room 4,
i third floor. __^ . '
SOLICITOR for printing office. 420 Montgom-
ery st., room 33. , ,
WANTED- Steady man in well-paying busi-
ness; small capital. Call 269 Third St.
BEDMAKER wanted at Dewey House. 32 East
street.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted. Apply at 29
Stockton st. i
WANTED — Young man to assist In dairy; $20
and found. , 2200 Point Lobos ay., cor. 11th ay.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
ERRAND boy wanted at J. COHN & CO., 775
Market st. .
FIRST-CLASS barber for wholesale district;
first -class wages. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 108 Fourth st.
STEADY waiter wanted at 269 O'Farrell st.
GOOD coat . and pants makers. 635 Kearny
st.;. call early. ■
DISHWASHER wanted at ISOS Haight st.
BARBERS— On account of sickness will sell my
shop cheap. 427 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
$ICO,OCO TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
BARBER trade taught: 6 months' course and
board for $75; no college. Apply Call office.
WANTED— coatmaker; Apply at
C. W. R. FORD & CO.' 116 Sutter st.
BARBER shop: 2 chairs; finely located; up to
date and good-paying business; must sell ac-
• count of sickness. 302 J st.. Sacramento. Cal.
HELP MASTED- MALE.
WANTED— IO men for Cape Nome; must have
$200 to $300; free passage. Box 400, Call office.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. x 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. Apply at
611 Laguna st.
MAN to do janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore St.
WANTED— IOO men to try our >c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
St.. near Polk.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
ney?, Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. X. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
AustrOia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
BOc. 562 Mission St.. bet Ist and 2d sts.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm?
TRY Acme House. ft.v; Market, st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; SI a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 2"c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
LOOK out for the big «ale of horses Tuesday,
11 o'clock, at Ormonde Stable. 1517 Mission st.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
E0 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES LODGIXG FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO 22>i^Geary^L
Money to loan at low rates.
24 rooms; good furniture; clears $100 a month;
a bargain; for $1100.
$850—28 ROOMS; 1 block from Market; clears
$90 to $100 month. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary.
$500—11 ROOMS; near Post; cheap rent: fine
house; clears $30. KREDO & CO.. 22^4 Geary.
$250— 11 -ROOMS; Geary st. ; worth $f.OO- must
• sell; a snap. KREDO & CO.
A BOARDING and rooming house: north Mar-
ket: cause sale, sickness. COWING & CO.,
995 Market st.
FURNISHED house 37 rooms: all light rooms;
on one floor. COWING & CO., 995 .Market st.
BOARDING and rooming house; centrally lo-
cated; nets $*0 per month. COWING & CO.,
995 Market st.
$550— 29-ROOM house; north of Market; central;
fine furniture; low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$275— 12-ROOM house; half-block from Market
St.; central; fine furniture. BASILE, 3 "Eddy.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer daily.
POST-ST. lodging house; $700; snap; clears $45
monthly; 16 rooms; going to Europe. MAR-
ION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call building.
LODGING house for sale cheap; central; bnr-
gain as owner is going East. NATIONAL
INVESTMENT CO.. 927 Market St.. room 20U
FIRST-CLASS rooming house; X. Market; no
reas. offer refused. Cowing Co., WO Market.
WANTED, partner In good paying lodg-
ing-house. 10.'. New Montgomery st.
HOUSES TO LET.
I A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
" cular. G. H. UMBBEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. .M SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
1706 Broadway, 9 r.J6O 1 1."23 Pine, 6 r $30
1614 Bush. 6 r $3011355 Howard. 6 r $21
132 Tremont. 7 r. .$2." 1688 Post. 5 r $19
356120 th. 8 r $251 9 Dykeman. 4 r... $15
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
ELLIS. 2062— Sunny house; 7 rooms; bath; shed
for laundry; large yard; fine view; $20. •
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 425 Fremont St.. near Harrison.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
j $35— BAY-WINDOW house, with furniture- 6
rooms and bath; 2609 Pine st. Apply to E
ROBINET. room 6. 411»4 California st.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
— Pocket memorandum book, near R. R.
depot, or from Third to Sixth, Townsend. Re-
ward by returning same to 20 Lafayette St.,
corner Minna, between Eleventh and Twelfth.
LOST— Lady's gold watch. No. 101,796, Sunday,
November 12. after 10 o'clock, between Steu-
art street and ferry; monogram N. A. I. on
j back. Return to 3657 Nineteenth St.; reward.
FOUND— stick pin in silk waist lost
five weeks ago. Apply JOHN F. SNOW &
CO., 1623 Mission st.
LIGHT purse; 2 keys and small change. Re-
turn to grocery, comer Washington aye. and
Mission st.: reward.
LOST— Sunday night, at Chutes, lady's purse,
containing nugget, chain, some silver, pri-
vate papers; liberal reward. Box 2452, Call.
LOST — Black, medium-sized water spaniel;
name "Nig." Reward at 1139 Valencia st.
LOST— Buggy robe on Mission road. Return
to Pioneer Saloon, Sixteenth and Valencia
sts. : reward.
MATRIMONIAL.
ACQUAINTANCE of Intelligent young lady or
widow; object matrimony. Add. box 2473. Call.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home for patients in confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $5. 942 Post at., between Hyde
! and Larkin; hours, 10, to 5, 7to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy et.. bet. Hyde
', and Larkin. Office hours — 10 to 12, ito 4 and
j 7to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny : rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGEXER
phone Pine 27J31; res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician, for
37 years; call on physician with man's knowl-
edge: cure $5; can be sent and used at home
318 Kearny; consultation- free.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: ladies'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket" St., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9a. m. to sp. m.
I DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1118 Market
St.: every ca^e guaranteed: $5 up.
HOME In confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tlon free. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
DR. G. W. O'DONNKLL. the world-renowned
■ ladles' specialist. 1023 M, Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. ■ nr> Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand. machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, hack bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. XOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st!
A LOVELY diamond and turquoise ring- price
$40: worth $75. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Giant ay.
A PERFECTLY new sealskin jacket for JllO-
-worth $280. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. '
FINE sealskin coat for sale. Call at 134.1
Howard st. :
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN
reliable jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission!
BA^? BEHS ~ Second hand patent chair for sale
, 108 fourth st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75 . Pop!
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny Bt.. nr. Pine.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses.planers.lathes
iron & wood; 2d hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale!
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAliß.^^
SAF^New^dTecond for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable Jf fet J tc The
. specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. . The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
THREE double-barreled shotguns; English:
(Dougall-Lang-Gates): bargain. Call 192 Sev-
enth st. after 6 p. m.
FRESH snowbaUs-"T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.; tel. Main st)Bb.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. B . 1 ° c i om °' i r v l ;
■B«£K K JSE l B* lp SßflaS*
933 Market St., San Francisco.
TWO-STORY new building to be removed on
account of Santa Fe depot. 21 Bryant St..
near Main. .
THOROUGHBRED Newfoundland P U P 9 _; *'!?
fine talking parrot. Kfi Tehama St.. off Third.
CREAM of Irish setter blood; Pf lees ™"£°' l"
able, Gtenmore Kennels. 2041 Linden. Oakland.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-hand heaters
and ranges: from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. o!6 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers.
water pipe; new.2d-hand. Whitelaw.2l6 Spear.
DESKS, office and card tables: desks repaired
or exchanged: turn, bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S C P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golien Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHLNG PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, cnunters.shelvlnjr.showcases bought and
sold. EIREN. im Mission: tel. Jessie 1161
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED tor a collection— Fifty-dollar slugs.
Inquire at 16 Post st , Palace of Art. E.
HAQUETTE.
LADIES' and children* s«cast- dresses bought
and sold. J. Silvcrman. 984 Folsom, nr. 6th.
-WANTED— Car-tiron tailor stove for four irons.
104 Kearny ?*; tailor shop.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds anil
pillows; send postal. CHARLES LEWIS. 611
Union st.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness an. l pead bars; long job. E. B.
PTOVK. TT'mhur't.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole: If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 88-69 Donohne hide. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable and private place »o ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition: any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies. life Insurance; chattel
mortgages: confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos lt» S. ST., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
XOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission ST., abov»
Sixth: telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, tnen see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages; estates In. prpbat". undivided Interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advica
and money furnishpd. V. A. Dolan, C 36 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and Id mort-
gages, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
rate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. M. "' >!.<; AN 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dia-
monds, etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
TO salaried men: without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
$8000 TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
rent. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLE Y. 430 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California St., room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $(
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lagest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs, and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
ONLY a few more "special sale" pianos left at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. .
THE "best of the best" Is the "Decker & Son" :
established in 1556. Sold by MAUVAIS, 769
Market st.
"OLYMPIA" Music Boxes are bought by peo-
ple who want the best. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.. sole agents.
CLOSING out a lot of second-hand pianos on
storage at auction prices; cheap for cash
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and' other standard
planes; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
FINE Fischer & ttelnway upright; sacrifiecd
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
WANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMKR. Byron Mauay and ether pianos. SOS
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MTTT.T.-FTT. rr,.,i- a^ Tyr>j.!r«. r . 2 T.nthgm place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TAYLOR. 21. near Market— 2 large stores in a
new building. Apply to 712 Guerrero st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. !'27 Mark«t st —
Light, sunny "fn><-«=. «12 SO to $20 n Pr m th.
OIL.
OIL and other lands cheap, and large oil leases
on easy terms. Call on J. F. BECKETT, Land
Agent. Arroyo Grande. Cal.
PALMISTRY.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
phone Larkln 1066. MRS. L.
WORKINGMAN. 30 years t age, desires to
correspond with honest working woman of
Box at e disposition; object matrimony.
Box 24,.4. Call.
LADY, refined, desires to marry educated gen-
tleman from 30 to 40. Box 550, Call.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years experience. .1. p., box 2SSS, Call.
MANILA French laundry; cleaning, dying: 542
Peary; curtains. 35c up; avoid holiday rush.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica restores health to the
hair. 3oc bottle; Lederer's Foamo Shampoo has
no equal; 6c pkg. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
THERE Is but one Leaer«r, and his hairdress-
inK styles are the leaders: 25c only; fin*
switches II up; beautiful light switches a
little higher. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 IV. pains,
%"~b, or overcoats. $12 50; made to order;
samples sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1644 Market st.. St. Nicholas Ho'.ol.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third 'st.. near Market: I" rooms;
2..C to !1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
Iree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SYPHILIS positively cured by a physician who
has made a specialty of this disease. Addites
box 2470. Call office.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market fct.PERSONALS.
JOHN L. BOONe! rTaTenX~T7ade^Tartr
Attorney at Law, end Copyright
No. 4 butter Bt.; ( Law s a Specialty.
i a " FYnnclsoo. ■ !al. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
tX 'i A H,V HTER In unredeemed pledgeaT jewelry.
.■ntning etc for amount loaned and Inter-
-. -st. ILT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
A ' i? LE i^ X buys clothin E. bric-a-brac, tools anl
"Id gold; send for him. 103 Sixth it.
°?R} £. U "? L nat b "Vs old gold, jewelry and
_cast-oft clothing. 1 !? • IMAN'S, 500 Kearny.
a^a bric-a-
MAB
JAMES a. SORENSENJ watchmaker and jew-
l eler.l removed j to |103 j Sixth \ gt.7l near Mission.
S V I T^^- 0 ,, 0 r d , cr on tasy Installments. U
-h!^^_i n7 Markt "*■• bet. 7th and Sth.
DU - I -, n - WOOD; dental work inTll branches;
examination free. 719 Market Ft., rms. 2 & 3.
PA n l .^ riNG an<l PaP*rhanKingj rooms papered
$2 .0 up. JENSEN & BATH, 30S Sixth st.
MRS L. J. WHEELOCK has removed .a VerUe
parlors to 1140 Market St.; phone Fo'.som 446.
MLLE CLAIRE BERTRANdT manicure par-
lors, 23$ Kearny st.. first floor, room 2-3.
MRS. r>EN^ETl\~ir67~Mlsslon-o l -ure i
_ _ ys: no lu;lfe - no caustics: references.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for ■ imp. 6 Eddr Et.
ANTIQUE and curiosity hop; books bought
-— "*i!L-- X 5 nant;cd - 523 Du P°"t st.. near Cal. '
I N CRT; ST A TION-New invention for china dec.
- Oralor!i - So>> s - R - CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
I.ACHMAN & CO., nifrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny bt.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
_lng call 'on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
KfPTUKE. stricture cured: no knife- no inie^-
gtfon: guarantdj Dr. Gordin, ri4 Pine. ab. Krny.
WANTED— OId frold for manuf'g. O." NOLTE,
jow.ler. 24S O^Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
!•■ rages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deßl and
prompt service; country orders our specialty:
cntnlog'ie free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 ij.'ary st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— For cash customers, Richmond
lots; must be bargains. C. F. MOORE, t'33
Market Rt., room 6.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
A NORTHEAST CORNER.
$23,000— 0n Geary st., few blocks fror.i Market;
eld improvements; rents $110.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$10,000 — On Grove St.. near Laguna: 3 modern
flats on Grove st. and 4 en rear street;
2 frontages; lot 22:11x120 feet; rents $102.
$8,500 — Two new elegant modern flats of 6 and
9 rooms and bath; rents $60; on Webster
St., near Post; lot 22:6x87:6 feet.
{1.000 cash, balance mortgage at 6 per cent;
2 elegant modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath on lot 25x100. Any offer sub-
tted,
MISSION FLATS.
SNAP
$4,500 REDUCED FROM $6,000.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
Three line well-built fiats, costing
$4500. on $2000 lot; size 25x120 feet; rents
$44; 'near Sixteenth and Howard sts.
$s,ooo— Belcher St., near Thirteenth: 3 modern
flats of 5, 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents
$46; let 25x128 fe«t.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$4,000— Rented low at $46; 6 flats of 4 and E
rooms; in good condition; all rented;
large lot 33:9x75 feet.
PATS 18 PER CENT.
$6,000— Six flats of 7 and 4 rooms: separate en--
trances; all In excellent condition; lot
10x75 feet.
$l,?0O— fats of 8 and 4 rooms; rents $21;
lot 25x75 feet; near Eighth and How-
ard sts.
MUST BE SOLD.
|87S REDUCED FROM $1,250
Two lota at Intersection of boulevard
to the Cliff House and boulevard from
Presidio to Golden Gate Park, at one-
half -Trice asked for any lot in the
neighborhood; lots 23x120 each; $450 can
remain on bank mortgage.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALS.
$250— Nice let on Dunca.n 6t., near Sanchez;
ready for building; size 25x114 feet.
fIOO per foot; lot 55x154 feet, on Twenty-
third £'.. near Valencia; street bl-
tuminUed. •
HOMES
AT TOUR OWN TERMS.
$100 cash, balance same as rent; elegant
new 2-story and basement house of 6
rooms and bath; porcelain tub; tile
mantels; dome ceilings; every modern
improvement; fine view; block from
electric cars.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.. 638 Market et.
AT A. M. SPECK A CO.'S for good bargains.
$136,000— New building; rents $10,000 yearly.
J4O 000 — Grand investment; rent? $4<"2.
$30.0C0— Stores and flats; rents $300.
$1500— Three flats on lot 22x56 feet; near Pow-
ell st , rents $1S; all rented; foreclosure.
$14. fiCO— Three grand new flats; rents $115.
$14,000— Geary bt.. near Mason; store and lode*-
!r;g house.
j!4 500 — Three elegant new flats, near Mason
st.: rented for $142; an estate: must sell.
$127, Jf>0— Three ... elegant: rents $108.
112.500 — Store and flats; lot 50-foot front; half
block from Taylor and Market ats. ; rents $100.
$10.fi0 ( >— New flats; very fine; rente $I<s.
$;i;0O— ' - m-st. corner, with 7 flats; renting
low for $SO.
$7200 — Transfer corner; store and 2 flats; mort-
gage $fi2oo.
j7f/fl— Three new flats; rents about $80; near
Powell and Bush sts.
$»iooo— Post st.; 3 flats; rents $60.
•4100— Two elegant fiats; Sutter St.; lot 27-foot
front: very cheap.
$5000— Califi-rnla It ; 3 flats; rents $45.
{4.V)(V_Fix nice flats: near Sixth Bt. ; rents $46.
J2coo— Fiats: rents $JO.
$2>>">— Two flats; Mission; 10 rooms; rents $20;
lot 2.'.x114 feet
Other gains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'?, 657
Markft st.
CHEAP— Grant sve. corner, near Sutter; must
be sold at once. Apply A. RUEF, attorney-
at-law, 402 Montgomery st.
$3400— MODERN 5-room cottage on bltumlnlzed
Ftreet; lot 2:.\130; also a large 7-room house
on Pierce ■: , near Haight; houses built to
suit purchaser: easy terms. Inquire on prem-
ises. F. NELSON, builder.
$509 FOR new house of 6 rooms and lot 50x100,
ln Oakland; terms $200 cash, balance $9 per
month: lot and house cost $1200. Inquire XV XL.
HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bunld'ng.
SACRIFICE; must be sold; make an offer; new
S-room house and lot 26:9x100; No. 386 Rlch-
lami aye ; co«t.s3oCo; less than $2000 will buy
It. SHADBURNE, 616 Sacramento st.
IF you have Ir.ta north of Golden Gate Park.
west, of First aye., and you wlrh to sell them,
call on W.-J. OITNN. 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
M. GRIFFIN, 715 Market St.. near Call build-
Ing. Llt,t of cheap lands free.
2S ACRES of choice fruit or early vegetable
land. For particulars address P. O. box 137.
Vacevllle.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for C:vll advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Op'-n until 9 p. m.
CLAY. 2421. near Flllmore.— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; yard; water; rear: rent $7.
CLASSIFIED ftdvsrtisementa and subscriptions
received at Cal! branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EDDY, ©J4-- Two (ur.ai famished rooma, com-
plete for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 253 — Funii«he<s housekeeping! 3 con-
ntcting. $13; also s?ln£rle, $5 to $7.
FOLSOM. o34— Sunny front bay-wlndjw room
and kitchen, bath, modern conveniences, $3
week; also 2 sunny front housekpg-, *- CO wk.
LAP.KIN. 326— Clenn sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $10 to $25 per month; central.
LEXINGTON aye., 570. • near Twenty-first— Fur-
nished flat, complete for . . r -.-iiing.
LEWIS, 18. off Taylor, near Post— Furnished
room and kitchen, $12; -: ■-.
MCALLISTER, 40S— 2 or 3 sunny partly fur-
nished rooms; light housekeeping. .
MINNA, 28— Fui-nlsh<'ii housekeeping and single
" rooms : moderate rent.
NOE, 11)3— Two very pjeaaant rooms; modern;
uiiii'er flat; gas Ftovo; $12.
1 * ~— -. ■
O'FARRELL. 128, near i'.w-ll— All light rooms:
$4. Apply la Grant aye.
TENTH, 186, corner Minna— Large front room
for housekeeping; also single.
THIRTEENTH, 405, cor. Valencia — Sunny cor--
n.-r front room, nicely furnished; kitchen,
bath, telephone; $.12.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
' T WEI/FT H7l2o—Suite of rdtelyfurnishedfront
housekeeping rooms; gas range; private fam-
ily; select locality.
! VAN NESS. 31— Elegantly furnished sunny
I suite housekeeping rooms; bay-window; run-
ning water.
$101,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and infurn.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building— "San
Antonio"; Opened Oct. 14; electric- elevatcV;
hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates:
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor pt.. near Market.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk . and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house modern service; elevator;
■ bath; rooms 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
I A— "EPWORTH"— Clean: respectable; $1 25 to
$6 per week; housekeeping. 1037H Market st.
i BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
' CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
j Sunny corner; well furn; rms. & offices.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
I EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— neat
' rooms; $1 50 week up: elevator day and night.
; FELL. US, nr. Market— newly furnished
I rooms: running water; $S and $10.
I FOLSOM. 1530— Furnished sunny alcove front
room for two, or housekeeping.
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
window room for 2 young men; also housekpg.
FULTON, 21S— Fine large sleeping room; run-
ning water; gas; rent $6. .
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission st*.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
i GRANT aye.. 21 The Wellington)— Respectable
| family rooming-house; new and elegantly fur-
nished rooms; grates: running water; bath;
EGc, 750, $1, $1 50 per night; $2 50 to $7 per.wk.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRIET, 3. off Howard, near Sixth— Nice
sunny bedroom ; $5.
HAVES, 433, near Gough— Newly furnished
front room, very nice; $5 per month.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, £29— Clean, respectable, 25c to $1 per
night: from $1 per week to $3; Howard-st car
to the door.
LEXINGTON aye.. 152— Warm belt Mission;
sunny furnished room; bath: rent cheap.
MASON, 213^j— Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en suite; $1 50 per week up. '
MCALLISTER. 70214 — 2 nice rooms for house-
[ keeping; also single and suites; bath; gas.
1 MINNA, 667, corner Elghtn— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW Arlington, 1015 Markat— Nicely furnished;
35c lay up; $2 week up; transient.
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 323— Large sunny front room:
gas. grate, run. water; suitable for 2 gents.
i P.OSEPALE, 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor— rooms;
25c a night; $1 a week: transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, Sso to $150: week. $2
»- (8; month. JS to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot, cold water; baths.
i SEVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— 2 handsome
! sunny corner rocm3 as offices^
, SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
I THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
TURK, 127— Nice, furnished front rooms, $6 and
j $S month; single room. $5.
I TURK, 52?— Two single rooms, $5 and $7; will
re-nt together; use of bath; sunny.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ms. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
! lencla st.
ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM wanted— Young man will teach book-
I keeping and telegraphy in exchange for room.
Box 2499, Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
I ?2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth, phone Mint 45.
! ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
MASSAGE vapor, electric baths. PROF. W.
RIEDL, 108 Eddy, form, at Highland Springs.
' BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41* Montgomery ft., ro m« i-V; tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Ofn>e. 401 Post, for. Pnwell: t»l. Main r.713.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed 2 year*.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
I ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$13W— LOT £oxlso, with large cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank. etc.
$2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms
and bath: near station; must be sold at once;
worth $40CO.
12S00— Lot 40x150, on Morton et., bat. the rail-
roads, with fin« new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 ash, balance $23 per month.
$3350— L0t 40x1.'.0; Morton St., near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
$'.00 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses, to
I let In all pea ti of Alameda.
11. P. :.■•• ,I'.;-:a ;. ■*-. CO.. ■'.•?* Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grou nd s; private. Mltß. nit. FUN'KE, Mil Bth.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB • BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I $100— I HAVE for sale 60 lota 25x125 as a whole;
\ this property Is worth $3000; the owner Is In
absolute distress for the want of .Immediate
funds and Is sacrificing this property that
Ehe nay make an immediate pale; the lots
command a magnificent view; within 40 min-
utes of the city: has 2 railroad stations within
'i minutes' walk; running water, etc.; call and
get full particulars. J. W. LAYMANCE, 636
Market St.. S. F., 480-461 Eighth st., Oaltland.
TO lease— so acrep near Oakland on terms; 14
fruit, buildings, springs, etc. . SALSBUUY,
908 Broadway, Oakland.
MODERN, nearly new, 2-story 8-room residence
i In Frultvale, at corner of Champion and Nlcol
| aye.; only $200 cash, balance to suit; house
open to-day. ■ ■ ■
jjOOO— LOT, 4-room house, bath; suitable for
chicken ranch: Haley St., East Oakland; take
Highland Park car.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 1G pages, sent to any address 'ln the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
~ OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms, single or en suite; board; near
narrow gauge. 1427 Franklin st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Shtllhaas. the
furniture dealer, lHli and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND p.— Dividend No. 7$ (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market St., on and after
MONDAY, November 20, 1899. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, November 14. 1899, at 3
o'clock p. m. K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. 3 (25c per'
share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany No 327 -Market St., on and after
Wednesday, November 15, 1899. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, November 9.
1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1899.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for furnishing labor and material
fur laying tile floors in the hallways of the
main (or first) floor and the second and third
il k ra of the Hall of Justice building.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of th" City and County of San Fran-
cieco, November 14, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 3GG4
(fourth series) of the Board of Supervisors
sealed proposals will be received In open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on Monday
afternoon. November 20, 1599, from 2 to 2:30
o'clock, for furnishing the labor and material
for laying tile floors in the hallways of the
main (or first) floor and the second and third
floors of the Hall "f Justice building in strict
accordance with the plans and specifications
prepared by Messrs. Bhea .■t shea, architects,
' and to be seen p.t their office, No. 26 Mont-
gomery street. Sun Francisco.
The work of construction to be done in strict
accordance with the said plans and specifica-
tions and under the supervision o* Messrs.
Shea & Shea, architects.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and
the minimum rate of wages to be paid on 6aid
work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will estimate and state a prioe for
which the entire work will be performed to
the entire satisfaction of the architects,
Ml ssrs. Shea & ?heu.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded will be required prior to or at the
time of the execution of Bald contrapt, to pay
the cost of advertising thi6 notice in three
daily newspapers and the resolution award-
ing the contract in the official newspaper.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the board has resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forma
prepared by the committee and a certified
check on some bank in the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five hundred
15600,> dollars, deposited by the bidder with
bid and made payablo to the Clerk of the
Board of Eueprvisore, conditioned that if the
proposal be accepted and the contract award-
ed, and if the bidder shall fail or neglect to
pay the printing charges, execute the con-
tract and give the required bond within six
days after the award is made, then and in
that case the said sum shall be paid into the
City and County Treasury by said Clerk as
liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
Chief Commissary, fc-an Francisco, Cal., Oct.
16, 1599. Sealed proposals for furnishing and
delivering fresh beef and mutton will be re-
ceived here and at offices of Commissaries at
Alcatrai Island, Angel ißland, Benlcte. lUr-
racks, Fcrt Mason, Presidio of San Frnncls-
co and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11
o'clock a. m., November 16. 18S9, and than
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Proposals for fresh beef and
mutton," and addressed to undersigned or
to Commissary at post to be supplied. H.
J. GALLAGHER, Major. Chief Commissary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licensee have been Issued as follows:
Luigi Malatesta and Ter.-sa Garibaldi 89-18
Charles R. P<Hers and Mary M. Ewlng 43-33
Sam Rushforth and Emily K. Ready 2S-23
Charles Neustadt and Flora Blbo Bti-228 t i-22
John C. Meyer and Minnie R. Rosenbohm.. 4o-29
Andrew Graham and Lizzie L. Wlnchester.B2-24
W. S. Rcbertsnn and Mollie F. Berryes<=a
Antonio Scarafani and Antonla Tarantln ;
Peter Yennl and Angelina Anselny 24-:^
Edward Hannan .-mi.T Ruse C. Peters 25-18
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by i
mall v. lll not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GALLEGOS— In Berkeley, November 11, 1593,
to the wife of Rafael Galle<;os Jr., a Eon. '
COHN— In this city, November 12. 1899, to the
wife of Samuel Colin, a daughter.
HAGGETT— In San Mateo, Cal., November 11,
1899, to the wife of F. F. Haggett, a son.
HOLLENBECK— In Martinez, November 9, 1539.
to the wife of J. L. Hollenbeck, a son.
JANSSEN— In this city, November 5, 1599, to
the wife of John J. Janssen, a son.
MARRIOTT— In this city. November 10. 1593,
to the wife of E. H. Marriott, a son.
MURPHY— In this city. November 14. 1899, to
the wife of Richard Murphy, a son.
QUILLINAN— In this, city, November 13, 1539,
to the wife of Matt J. Qullllnan. a son.
________
""married.
ANDERSON-CARLSON— In this city, Novem-
ber 11. 1899, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
John Anderson and Hilda Charlotta Carlson,
both of San Francisco.
MUENSTER— In this city, No-
vember 11. 1599, by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Albert Brilliant and Wllhelmina Muenster,
both of San Francisco.
CASSADY— FIND— In this city, November 12,
1539, by the Rev. W. S. Urmy, D.D., Harry
J. Caseady and Mabel A. Fine, both of San
Francisco.
NELSON— SANDSTROM— In this city. Novem-
ber 13, 1899. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
Charles Fritlof Nelson and Anna. Sand-
strom. both of San Francisco,
DIED.
Braly, Margaret J. Morken. Johanna _
Brooks, Eliza J. MulSer, Elizabeth
Brown, Florence E. Page, Joseph
Chaplin. James Quinn, Richard
Cuff. Bridget Bitter, Anna
Ferguson. William P. Rogers, Peter
Flnherty. Mary Roman, Henrietta
Graham. Robert S. String, Joseph A.
Hall, Abraham Sullivan, John
Hancock, David C. Thorn, Edgar D.
Hutton, Caroline A. Thomas, John G.
Klngsley, Alfred M. Warren. Sylvia
Llndeman. Theresa Whltely. William H.
McKay, John P. Wynne, Mary J.
Madden, James J.
BRALY— In this city, November 14, 1899. Mar-
garet Jane Braly, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. William J. Bryan and William R. Sloan,
a native of Alabama, aired S7 years.
BROOKS— In this city, November 14, 1899, Eliza
J. Brooks, beloved wife of David Brooks, and
mother of Lizzie, James, Maggie, Mamie,
Waller and Ethel Brooks, a native of Ire-
la;.''. at r 35 years.
C rFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from James Ha-
Kan'B undertaking parlors, 445 Valencia street.
BROWN I i this city. Florence Emily Brown,
beloved daughter of James F. and May 3.
Brown, a native of California, aged 1 year
and fi days.
CHAPLIN— Berkeley, November 13, lSy9, at '
the residence of his daughter, Mrs. E. a.
Bayley, 2147 Ward street, James Chaplin,
father of Mrs. E. A. Bayley and Walter and
Manley James Chaplin, a native of London,
England, aged 80 years 9 months and 10 days.
(London, England, and Australian papers
plea?» copy.)
P"The funeral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at his
late residence. Interment Mountain ' View
Cemetery.
CUFF— In this city, November 14, 1899, Bridget,
beloved wife of Thomas Cuff of Sulsun, Cal.,
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 68
years.
FERGUSON— In, this city, November 14, 1899,
William P. Ferguson, a native of Scotland,
aged 63 years.
FLAHERTY— In Claremont, November 13, 1899,
Mary Flaherty, beloved mother of Mrs. Annie
Donnelly, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aeed 70 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day ,
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late
residence In Claremont. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery, San Francisco, by 1 o'clock
■ creek boat
GRAHAM— In Oakland, November 14, 1893,
Robert Shaw Graham, beloved father of Jean
Graham, a native of Dumbarton, Scotland,
aged 48 years 11 months and 26 days.
HALL— In this city. November 13. ISM, Abra-
ham Hall, a native of Massachusetts, aged
74 years 2 months and 6 days.
[CyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day.l, at 10 o'clock, at the First Unitarian
Church, corner Geary and Franklin streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. ,; 7--.
HANCOCK— Into life eternal, at Phoe-
nix. Ariz., November 13. 1599, David C, be-
loved husband of Ida Soule Hancock, son of
Mrs. C, E. Hancock, and brother of Charles
E. and John Hancock and Mrs. George
Churchill, a native of Mystic River, Conn.
HUTTON — In this city, November 14, 1899, Caro-
line A. Htuton. beloved mother of Mrs. J.
11. Nasoo and F. A. and W. H. Hutton. a na-
tive of Now Brunswick, aged 69 years 11
months and 11 days.
KINOBLBT In this city, November 13, 1599.
Alfred M., dearly beloved husband of Char-
lotte Klngsley. arid father of James, Sinter
Plus, Sadie. Katherine and Lucy Kingsley, a
native of Norwich, Conn., aged CS years.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at i o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1165 Oak Street, thence to St. Dominic's
Church, Stelner street, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his- soul,
commenolnd at 9:30 o'clock. St. Dominic's
Sodality of Holy Name, please take notice, in-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LINDEMAN— Alameda. November 13, 1899,
Theresa Edith, wife of Ferdinand Lindeman.
mother of Mrs. George Gray Gormley, Mrs.
William J. Browne, Mrs. Ryan and Ferdi-
nand, Eva, Isabel and Arthur LlnrJeman, and ■
sister of Mrs. C. E. T. Grnhnm and Mrs. 1,.
D. Shortt, a native of London. England.
E_?"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 .o'clock, from her late
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & GalK;h<!?),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMDKS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Llncnln .School,
Telephone South £0.
mcAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMUALMERS, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th.
Telephone South 247. |
residence, Sl2 Park street, Alameda, thence
to St. Joseph's Church. Interment private.
McKAY— In Chicago, November 8, 1599, John
P., beloved son of John N. McKay, stepson
of Mary McKay, and beloved brother of Mrs.
W. C. Moorman and William N. McKay, agred
22 years and 20 days.
(D^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
First United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MADDEN-In this city, November 14, 1599.
James J., deaflrly beloved husband of Mary
Madden, brother of P. F., John and Thomas
Madden, and brother-in-lnw of John, Frank.
Th nu and James Healy and Mrs. C. Mutti,
a native of the parish of Kllkerin, County
. I : vay, Ir-lar.il. aged 8S years and 2 months. I
(tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3C4i>j Third Btreet, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MORKEN— In this city, November 13, 1899, Jo-
hanna M. A. Morken, dearly beloved and only
child of William C. and Maria Morken, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 5 years 11 months
and 17 days.
(TT'The funeral services will be held
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of the parents, 402 Larkin street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MULLER— In KllnginmunsW, Rheinpfalz, Oc-
tober 22, 1599, Elizabeth Muller (nee Gloss), I
beloved wife of Mathias Muller. and beloved !
mother of Kati*, Klisa and Lena Muller of I
Klinginmunster and Jacob and Louie Muller
of San Francisco, aged 56 years.
PAGE— In this city, November 13. 1899, Joseph
Tage of British Ship Auldglrth, aged 43 years.
QUINN— In this city, November 14, 1599, Rich-
ard, dearly beloved husband of Annie Qulnn,
a native of Ireland, aged 59 years.
RITTER— In this city, November 12, 1899, Anna,
beloved wife of Charles A. Ritter, and mother
of George, William and Charles Ritter, Mrs.
J. C. Schilling and Henry, Arthur, Gui-tave !
and Ferdinand Ritter, aged 03 years and 10 i
months.
(r^TFuneral this day (Wednesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from the residence of her son, Wil-
liam Ritter, 157 Sixth avenue. Interment pri-
vate.
ROMAN— In this city, November 13, 1899, Hen- |
ni'tta Roman, beloved mother of Mrs. Alvina i
Bc-rowsky, the late Mrs. Bertha Levlson, Mrs. j
Clara. Lowensteln. Mrs. F. Pauson. Mrs. 11. |
SummeriieKl and Simon, Herman and Bruno |
Roman, a native of Zduny, Germany, aged |
S2 ytars.
tC7"Friend= and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this" day (Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, at
the residence of 11. Summerfield, 1207 Gough
stre-t. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Tnwnsend streets.
ROGERS— In this city, November 13, ISO 9, Peter
Rogers, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
STANG— In this city, November 14. 1899, Joseph
A., dearly beloved husband of Mollie S. Stang,
father of Percy A. Stang, and brother of Mrs.
William Dunn, Mrs. Fred Diem and Peter
Stang, a native of Baltimore, ated 30 years
U months and 3 days. A member of the In-
dependent Kii'.es and San Francisco Commer-
cial Travelers' Association.
(C7"Krieni!s ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tp attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. E3i Shotwell street, between N 1 ne-
t-on th and Twentieth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
INDEPENDENT RIFLES— To the officers and
members of the Independent Rifles: You are
Hereby notified to assemble at Saratoga Hall,
M 4 Geary street, to-morrow (Thursday), at
12:30 oVi"ok, to attend the funern! of our late
secretary, Joseph A. Stan?. By order
L. SCHNEIDER. Captain.
BUUUVAN- In this c'.ty, November 13, 1899,
John Sullivan, a native of Ireland, agred 43
years.
(n^Frlends and acquaintances and members
of tl '..'ast Marine Firemen's Uni^n
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral.
Remains at the funeral parlors of McGinn
Eddy street.
•his city, November 14, ISO?, Edprar
.:m Thorn, only child of Charles and
. aged 20 years and 9 day?.
E^Frifni"" and acquaintances are re«pe<-t-
-fully in-, ite.l to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resl-
: hn P. Thorn, 2109 Clinton avenue,
corner Willow street. Interment private.
MAS— In Oakland, No\omber 14, 1599, John
.;. beloved husband of Franclsca Carolina
Thomas, a native of Azores Islands, aged 47
f rprlends and acquaintances axe resDect-
•ittend the funeral to-morrow
(Thur . ■ !Cki from his late rcti-
dence, S"i Campbell street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Portuguese Church, where a solemn
rf-'iuU-m high mats will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment St Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
WARREN— In this city, November 14. 1899.
Sylvia Warren, mother of Mrs. William S.
Mi-.;--*, a n:<- ■ • of New York, oeed 89 years
;:ths and 9
(ryintrrmcr.t at Yreka, Cal.
WHITKI.Y— In this city, November 14
William H. \\ hltely, brr.iher of Margaret and
Lauru Whitely and Mrs. 11. A. Dunbur, a
native of New York.
ItT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
WYNNE— In this city. November 14, 1899, Mary
J., dearly beloved wife of Henry J. Wynne,
daujhter of Mrs. Alioe Morrison, and sister
of Mrs. T. P. Ellis and David J. Morrison, a
n-itiv.- of San Francisco.
[CT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1719 Harrison street, between Twenty-
thirl niiil Twenty-fourth, thence to St. Peter's
if h. Alabama street, near Twenty-fourth.
where a requiem hitrh may? will be celebrated
for the repose of her sou!, commencing: at 9:30
o'c!" / II ' r :- ent Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T C Ramsey, Boise E C Hahn, Stockton
J'P Campbell, Boise G Gingham, Sti.rkton
j \v; w L O Brown, Stockton
R C West, Moscow R S Taylor, Treka
Q Howard, Moscow W H Nichols, Cal
W W liuchanan, Mos- E F Crane, Colusa
ccw Mrs C A Palmor, Sac
G Vennlgerholz, Mos- J A Mewaunt. Ga
cow -J "W Peart, Cal
P Cook, Rio Vista C H Peart, Cal
E W W.'Mgate. Cal Mrs M Vermillion, Cal
Mil> Elliott, S Rnsa Mrs N Wrinllllon, Cal
Capt Conroy, T»nn Mrs L Oarllch, Cal
M w 1. '."'ill H 3 Linden, Portland
C C Bush, Redding C S Nicemonger, Cat
v M Bwasey, Redding B h Fulton, s Rosa
c; s Bnyder &w. '"al Mrs j a Black, c a l
D i' Durst, Wheatland G Kessler •■»■ w, Chlcgo
\V C Barrett it w, Cal S R Graver & w, Chic
mwo Fresno J E Paddock, Armada
a ■; Wilson, Visaiia F B Clements, Cal
D L Wilson, Visaiia C H 1" . aler, ihlcago
)• Scott, Fresno J P Jarinan & w, Cal
H E Burlelgh, Fresno A I: < Dowdell, Cal
E N JatfK<':\ Fresno W Curti^s, Saito
H i: Carter, Los A.ng M Wolff, New fork
s M Haskell, Pomona C W Thomas, Woodld
(' M Jl"i!.tz. Los Ang J B Porter, Salinas
L V. ii It Los Ang It m M Shearer, Cal
C X Holmnurg. Cal H L Beavers & w, L A
11 C Harbison, Cal C F. Williams, Stocktn
A E Mist. Tulare Mrs .1 D Nash, Cal
G w Allyman, Colnsa V H Woods, s? L O
I :. Naylor, Idaho P Welch .'v w, Sacto
W A Hopkins, U B N W n St. ut, St^.-kton
j \ O'Connor, U 3 N A <; White, Stockton
W B Harrison, Stkth E E Miller, Stockton
G I" Wheeler, Or Dr A Wnrrten, N V
j m Graham, Cal Ii E Wilbert, stktn
M A Wrieht & w. Cal G S Crandall, Winter*
EI- Webber, Napa Mrs Jones, Sacramento
S Smith, Sacramento F (i Farrer. Carson
A C Wlnn, Cal A L Hell, Colusa
W B Raleb & w, Can
PALACE HOTEL.
H P Ny«, Ean Diego ' Mr? Babcock, Oakland
P Guftuey. Brooklyn Mrs O»n J X Plckett.
G Mitchell, New York Washington, D C
J E Kunz, Term Miss r'yer, Oakland
T L" Halbert. Term M Sohr, Halt Lake
1* E Long, Suisun I^ola Sohr, Salt Lake
W Q Downing, Suisun T A Weber, Salt Lake
J T Cjuarlee, USA J A Barbour, S Diego
N Malone, USA C H Larkln. N YorU
F L Boardrnan, U S N D McKay, Sacto
C A Jones, Portland L F Graham, S Jose
B Morrlman, Nashville G E Pickett. USA
F A Kenney. Portland Mrs O B Pickett.
C H Deuehler, Portlnd Washington, D C
"W S Davis, Sta Rosa Mrs Gen G E Pickett,
G G Wlgle & w,P Alto Washington, D C
H McF Doble .v w.Cftl Mrs .1 M Stephenson,
A H Btelnbach, Portld Palo Alto
G B Larimer, Colo J Drew &• w, Topeka
H Stahler, Honda Bay H Doyle, Vancouver
C B Booth, I^os Ang Mrs Bii.ss. D L
C X Richards. L Ang 0 E Consldine. Mo
T E Glbbs, Los Ang Mrs F I. CurtU, Oakld
C V lvls !■., Los Ang Miss Haze, Oakland
J D Works, 3x>s Ang V Kerens, St Louis
NEW WBSTKRN Mi .TEL
P Faliey, Seattle C Blodgett, Mass
M Jennings, Seattle Mrs W\v Bean, Utah
Mrs M G Smith, Wa«h Mrs J It "Ev.-rsoll, Utah
.] p. Thomas, Ren i .' Devlne, Stockton
1 Soever, Vermont .1 Langford, M.-df-sto
v.: Beatty, San Joee F R Brooks, Phlla
.• ii a ■ ney. lS An X (l « Baumetster, la
T T payne, Fresno M™ Hall, Rioomfleld
a Cohen. Petaluma Miss Roe. Ashland
.1 h Macht, Fresno IV Darand, Santa Rosa
N Fry, Haywar l«
Mrs. Simons Fails to Answer.
OAKLAXD, Nov. 14.— Contrary to all
expectations, Mrs. Augusta Simons, form
erly the widow of the late Charles
Kramui, the wealthy brewer, has decided
not to answer the divorce suit brought re
cently by her husband, Anthony Simons,
on the ground of cruelty. Her default
was entered to-day and the cause referr* .1
to Court Commissioner Babcock to take
testimony.
Alameda News Notes.
AT.AMKDA. Xov. 14.-The annual meet
ing of the Municipal League will be held
next Monday evening at Llnderman'a
Hall. The committee on new charter will
preseni Its report and t!n> question of
bonds fur school purposes ana a library
building will be discussed.
The members of the Alameda Boat Club
ari making extensive arrangements/ for
their entertainmentj that tukos place in
Armory Hall on Friday evening, Novem
ber 21. An excellent I'rogramme has been
arranged.
As a rule the saloon-keeper puts his
money to a much better use than any of
his customers do theirs.
KING HUMBERT
TO HIS PEOPLE
Opens the Parliament
of Italy.
Special Dispatoh to The Call.
ROME, Nov. 14.— Parliament was
opened to-day by King Humbert In the |
hall of the Senate. His Majt-sty was ac- j
companied by the Queen and all of the ,
royal family except the Duke of Abruzzi, '
and by the Cabinet members and the j
principal court officials and dignitaries.
In the speech from the throne his j
Majesty expressed the hope that tne |
Deputies would actively resume their la
bors und dispose of the measures not
dealt with last session. Above all, he ,
; added, it was necessary that the budget
I be speedily discussed.
The .King announced the projected bills, i
including measures for the mitigation of j
the taxation laws, and dwelt upon the
notable economic Improvements in the i
kingdom.
Adverting to foreign affairs, King Hum- i
bert said Italy's relations with the pow- i
ers were excellent and that nothing i
menaced the country In any direction, i
He alluded to Italy's participation in The i
Hague peace conference and after en- J
larging on the responsibility of . Par Vi- •
ment to secure to the country progress
and the development 01 its economic
resources, continued:
"Tha forthcoming celebration of the
holy year will be a signal event for tue
Catholic world and our epoch and will af
ford us an opportunity of showing once i
more how dearly we respect and cause to
be respected the obligation we assumed
when, in achieving Italian unity, we
j made good the title of Rome to be the
capital of the kingdom of the Italian
people. I am watching you, gentlemen,
and I await your labors with confidence.
May they be as fruitful as the events re
quire. The innate satisfaction arising !
from the accomplishment of your duty j
will be your most cherished ieward, and
the good you have done the country by
strengthening the confidence of the
country in the national institutions. This
is the dearest wish I can form to-day, as
King and an Italian, that you will so act.
I am convinced that I will have the
satisfaction of seeing my desire realized.
Everything leads to the hope that the '
notable economic revival In Italy will
continue and that by sedulous work, by
the utilization of our productive energies,
and by the Intelligent and assured pro
tection of our agriculture and industries,
we will be able to lay solid and endurable
foundations for the reforms of which so '
much has been said, but which have
never been realized."
The royal party was acclaimed by the
people as it proceeded through the troop
lined streets to the Senate chamber and
was heartily cheered on its entrance into
the hall. The same scenes were wit
nessed when their Majesties returned to
the QulrinaL
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Nov. 14.— Judge Greene to-|
day granted Emily Pfeiffer a divorce f rornl
Herman Pfeiffer on the ground of habit-|
ual intemperance and awarded to plain
tiff the custody of the three minor chil
dren.
Mayor Snow and Messrs. Barstow,
Meese and Mott of the City Council's
finance committee counted the munici
pality's cash to-day and found the total
ajnount to foot up 1140.259 79, correspond
ing with Treasurer Gilpln's books.
A big lock adorns the door of C. H.
Kucks saloon on Twelfth street, the li
cense to run which the City Council re
fused to grant last night. It is stated
that Kucks will try to sell out to some
other party.
The attorneys for the Oakland Transit
Company have filed notice of a motion
for a new trial in the $25,000 damage suit
"f Mrs. Ollie Bonne, who was given a ver
dict for JIiNM) by a jury lasl week. Some
time ago the corporation offered to
promise for $2000, but Mrs. Boone refused.
Mayor Snow has appointed William
Diekerson as city expert. Dlckerson was
recently a candidate for appointment as
assistant sanitary inspector. He is popular
in social ami militia circles ami is a prom
inent member of the Young Men's Repub
lican League.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Maybelle Naphtaly (wife of P. L.) to Lillian
L. McCarthy (wife of E. A.), lot on N line of
Broadway, to W of Steiner, AY ti:6 by N 187:6;
$10.
Klrkhara and Millie L. Wright to Hubert H.
Bancroft, lot on NE corner of Pacific u::'i Si >tt
streets, c ho by N 120; ■<:
A. K. I. Jr. nrl Liz/.le D. Harmon to
Michael J. Kelly, lot on W line of Tenth ave
nue, 125 B of N street, S B0 by W 120; $10.
G. 11. and Johanna Richmond to Augusta and
Maria L. Mulier, lot on NE corner of Naples
and India streets, N 160 by E 100, lot 5, biock
EL Exc«lsior Homestead; $10.
Charles W. Preston to Sophia R. Stockman
(wife of J. M.), lot on S line of Caselli avenue,
975:4 W of Douglass street, S 100, \V 2i> \\v
E 25: $10.
Rose Thayer to Hibernia Savings and Loan
ty, lot on SE line of Piedmont (St. Mary)'
• 100 SW of Epstein, BW 60 by BE ife,
and 6,' block 4, Flint Tract Homestead'
Robert Adamson to John Barduhn, lota 3 and
4, block 34, Sunnyslde; $10.
David and Alice J. Bpeers (by Charles Miche
ner, commissioner) to Pacific States Savings,
Loan and. Building Company, lot E line of Mos
cow street, 175 S of China, B 50 by E 200 block
S3. Excelsior Homestead; $802.
Laura A. Burrls to H. Lacy, estate of Daniel
Swett, No. .'a:::'. Alameda County, $1000.
Mary M. Morton to Julius Radston, lot on
NW corner of Webster and Wlldey streets, N
27:fi by W 10R.-3; $10.
Josie and Marie A. Welch to Adolph Brandt,
lot on W line of Potrero avenue, 160 S of
Twenty-third. S 25 by W 100; $1800.
Estate of Michael Hart (by Francis Hart, ex
ecutor) to Henry E. I : .thin, lot on NW line of
Natoir.a street, -ill SW of First, SW 34 by NW
75: $2',GO.
Richard Lynch to Anna Lynch, lot on W line
of Hampshire street, 100 S of Santa Clara, S
2.". by W 100; gift.
Homestead Union (a corporation) to Elizabeth
Vorrath (executrix of estate of Henry Vorrath),
lot on E line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 225 N of
A street, N 50 by E 120; $10.
Harriet C. and Richard E. Tomlin to James
B. and Joan W. Miln, lot on W line of Eighth
avenue, 200 S of J street, S 25 by W 120; $3.
Antonio Fonte and Michael Callahan (execu
tor of estate of M. Ellen McLaunhlln) to Jo
seph J. Agard, lots 955 to 989, Gift Map 3; $210.
Frank J. and Margaret Corbett to H. E. Cor
bett, lots 1011 and 1013. Gift Map 2; $10.
Frank J. Hlllebrand to Henry R. Crane, lot
on NW line of Paris street, 125 SW of Persia
avenue. SW 25 by NW 100. block 11, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
W. E. Floyd to Rebecca E. Davidson, lot on
W corner of Fifteenth avenue and J street, NW
75 by SW 100, block 310, South San Francisco
Homestead; also lot on W line of Bright street.
100 S of Stanley, S 50 by 100, lots 32 and < 33,
block 61, City Land Association; $400.
James Woods to Mary J. Woods, undivided
half of lot on N corner of Ocean House road
anil Delaware street, NE 35:6, NW 255, SW
40:3, SE 269, E to beginning, lot 10. block 33,
West End Map 1; $10.
John Sommers to Minnie Poscoe, lot 53, block
V, Park Lane Tract No. 2; $10.
Minnie Pascoe to Louis P. Boardman, same;
$10. ,
Augustine A. Smith to Mrs. S. A. Dick, lot
42, Fountain Plat, North Addition, Masonic
Cemetery; $373.
Alanieda County.
Charles H. and Mollie Hollmann, John H.
Mitchell, H M ihr and C. Ruedl >by w. s.
Harlow, commissioner) to John H. Mitchell.
|oi or W line of Castro street. 2S N of Fifth
N 49, W 75. N 2.".. W 25, B 100, E 25, N 2r>, E 75
to beginning, being lots 2u, 2?. and N 24 feet of
lot :'i. Mock 49, Oakland; 41830.
Lois M. Apgar to John F. and Evelyn H.
Ames, lot 12 in plat 24. Mountain View Ceme
tery. Oakland Township; $800.
Anton H. Frank to Mathla Frnnk, lot on W
line of Bakor street, 200 S of Blacfcstone. S J6
by W 100, being lots 18, 14 and 15. block A,
Dohr Tract. Berkeley; cift.
Daisy M. Rowcn to Rebecca B. Price, lot r.n
W line of ShatttK k avenue, r.n S of Virginia
street. W 134. S 46, X 131, N 45 to b-ginning, be
ini DOrtion of lots 4 and 5, block C, Janes
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
W B. Harub to Mrs. William B. Curtis lot
on NW line of Julia street. 2*7.80 SW of Mon
roe. SW 2.50, NW 162.90, thence nt ri^ht angles
2.60. thence at right angles 162.95 to beginning.
being portlofl Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn
Townrnip' $ s *-
Jobc- and Louisa J. Joseph to. Manuel S.
Gomes, lots 67 an.l 68, Nevis Tract, Pleasanton,
Murray lY*wnahi»; ?i n -
Julia Robinson tn Ira Vaughn, lot on SW cor
ner of Peralta nnd Taylor streets, S 50 by W
100 belnfT lot 7 and N 20 feet of lot 6, as per
Survey No. 11H8 of block 60S, made by T I
Arnold, Oakland; $10.
Daniel and Lizzie (ieary to Charles M. Mac
(lroror. lot on S line of Sycamore streot. "73
.;ri've. E W.A by P 100, b<-!ng thp W XV4
fwt of lot 25, block L, Kelsey Tract, Oak-
Timothy and Mary A. Paige to George W
Meeae, re-recori 4!>« d. 197, lot on N line of
West Tenth street, 103:9 X of Cypress, E 22 by
X 71, being the W >4 of lot 3, block 559, Eighth
street Tract. Oakland: $10.
Dominick W. Barrett to Edmond C. MeCon
nell. lot on W line of Fallon street, 25 N of
Sixth, N EO by W 100, being lots 18 and 19, block
188, Map of Dillon property, Oaklorui
[en Rule Mutual Building and Loan
Association to E. Besenthal. lot on S line of
Ninth street, 114:9*; E of Center, E 50 by P ISO,
beins lot 11, block 552, Eighth-street Tract,
Oakland; 110.
Andriene and Charles Llevaux to Marcano
and Rose Gomes, lot on N line of Second stieet,
75 E uf Madison, E 25 b> N 50, being the S 5'J
feet lot 28, block 131, Oakland; $600.
Frank W. and Orcelia C. Dixon to Chloe K.
Derlckaon, lot on X line of Harmon street aa |
extended 80 E from E line of Regent-street
Homestead, E 40 by X 141. being portion of
bl..ck 2, map of proi«rty of A. B. Dixon. Berke
ley; $10.
V. P. and Maggie Mltchels to Madison, Bruce
& Sellers (a corporation) of San Francisco, lots
25 and 26, block V. Amended Map Moss Tract.
Brooklyn Township; 110.
A. J. and Mary Larson to Frpderick Bfim
mann. lot on S line of Santa Clara avenue. 72 ;
W of Pearl street. W 64 by S 138. Alameda; $10.
Henry C, Mary. Edgar W. and "Fay Hinkel
to .1. A. Marshall, let ;!. block B. Blake Tract.
Maps 1 and 2. Berkeley property, Berkeley; $1.00.
John A. and Emma V. Marshall to Fred W. ,
Fosk lot on F. line of Shattuck avenue. 160.21 8 I
of Center street, S 24.35. E 113 .53, N 23.76, V.
109.585 to beginning, being- th" S portion ol lot
3, block B. Blake Tract. Maps 1 and 2, Berkeley
property, Berkeley; $100.
Charles H. Ham to A. F. Collings. beginning
at a point 33 feet from NE corner Pacific aye- I
nue and Stanton street, and 182.27 northerly,
thence E «S:3, N !>:G. W 65:3. S 9:6 to beginning,
being portion of Powers Tract. Alameda: V*o.
Samuel 'Wakeham to Fannie Corbett, lot on
SE corner of Charming way and Grove street,
S 40.10, E 113.33. N 40, W 110 to beginning, por
tlon of lot 19, block 5, Barker Tract, Berkeley; j
gift.
Some to Elvlna. Beer, lot on S line of Chan- i
ning way, 110 E of Grove street. E 30 by S 135. ]
being the E 30 feet of lots 19, 20 and 21, block 5,
Barker Tract, Brooklyn; gift.
Rosa M. Shattuck to Marion E. Donogh, tot
on S line of Addlson street. 273 "W of Shattuck
avenue. \V 60 by S 131.62, being portion of block
1, Shattuck Tract Map 1. Berkeley; $10.
Matilda T. and J. H. Paul to Julius A. Rem
mel, lot on E line of St. Charles street. 150 B |
of Pacific avenue, S 30 by E 100, being lot 18,
block K. Taylor & Page Tract, Alameda, quit- !
claim deed: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Krujr & Zimmerrnann Mftltir.fr Co. (owners)
with Huwe & Hippe'.y ('contractors'), architect '
R. Zlmmermann. Carpentry, tinning, glazing '
and r'aintingr, etc., for an additional store and
warehouse on X side of present new malt kiln :
house on SW corner of Eighteenth and Shot- j
well streets; $4085.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 8.
1 ime Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 14. If
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1 c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'cloak p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time? ami Ht-ithts of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes lat^r than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column cives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the. last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given i? subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. November 14.
. Ktmr Alliance, Hardwick, 6 days from Port
land.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, 116 hours from
Seattle.
Btmr Del Norte. Allen, 50 hours from Cres
cent City. -
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, 77 hours from New
port 3), etc.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 62 hours from Fields
Landing.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hlsgins. So hours from Port
land.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, 102 hours from
Departure Bay.
Bcnr Maggie C Russ, Kallenberg, 14 days from
Tillamook.
Schr Newark, Beck. 27 hours from Albion.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, November 14.
Stmr Lakme, Schage. Port Townsend; E T
KrMse.
Stmr Senator, Patterson, Manila and Hono
lulu ;L 8 Government.
Hr' stmr Ben Molir, Wallace. Manila and
Honolulu; US Government.
Br stmr Patan; Butler, Manila and Hono
lulu: U S Government.
Hr stmr Carlisle City, Aitken. Hongkong, via
San Diego; Cal & Oriental S S Co.
Br Bhlp Valkyrie, Jones, Queenstown; G W
McNear.
Bark Martha Davis, McAlmann, Honolulu ■
Welch & Co. . .
Fr bark Sainte Anne, Bernler, Queenstown-
Gin-in & Eyre.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson, Honolulu; Wil
liams. Dlmond & Co. v
SAILED.
Tuesday, November 14.
Stmr State of California. Gage, Astoria
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Whitesboro, Ol>=en. .
Stmr City of Sydney, Pillsbury, Manila and
Honolulu.
Stmr Scnta Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Weeott, Burtis, Eureka.
Stmr Tlllamook, Anflndsen, Albion.
Stmr Lnkme. Schase, Port Townsend.
Stmr Alcazar, Ounderson. .
Stmr Washtenaw, Giltjoy, Tacoma.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander, .
Br Btmr Pulhan, Butler, Manila and Hon*.
lulu.
Haw ship Fort George, Morse, Honolulu.
Haw bark Diamond Head, "Ward, Honolulu.
Bktn Monitor, Turloff, Eureka.
Bktn Gleaner, Peck, Columbia River.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, Coquilla River.
Pchr Wt:ie Lo* ' at Reyes.
Schr Eureka. Asplund, CoquMe River.
TELEGRAPHIC
point LOBOfi X,.\- 14, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 6 miles.
.-X' >ken.
Sept 27, lat 14 N, ion 25 W— Br ship Gunfard,
from Portland, for Queenstown
-i Ut 4? x. lon 64 W--C.pt chip Mar
gretha, from Antwerp, for Portland.
Oct 28. hit 24 X. lon 34 W— Br ship Crown of
India, her.ee July 6. for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Nov 18— Br ship Glooscop, from
Norfolk, for Manila, i>ut into St Vincent Oct
2'i with ted; hap b>>en resurveyed and
carsro foun.l I • mplete discharge
recommended. ?h<> is awnitlng instructions.
I)IS '• -
VICTORIA. Not 14— Stmr Alpha, which ar
rived here to-day from 'V.r* Nome, has on
board captain and crew • whaling bark Mer
. Harbor during
a heavy storm; one man killed.
RTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 14— Sunr Noyo,
hence Nov 13.
Sailed Nov 13— Schr Barbara Hernster, for
San Fran.-.
GRAYS HARBOR-Salled Nov 13-Bktn En
core, for Valparaiso.
Arrived Nov 13— Schr A J West, from Hono
lulu.
HUETNEME— Arrived Nov 14— Schr John F
Millpr. from Grays Harbor.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrh ■: N'ov 14— Schr Lot
tie Bennett, from Port Blakeley; brig Courtney
Ford, from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nor 14— Schr
Endeavor, from Honolulu; Br ship County of
Cardigan, f ak).
Sailed i:;\\a:-'l Nov 14— Schr Emma Claudina,
for — rtney Ford, for Port Gamble.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 13 -Ehip Jabez Howes,
for Hirnululu.
COOR BAY— Arrived Nov 12— Schr Gotama.
hence Nov 9. Nov !4-Stmr South Portland,
hence Nov 12; stmr Arrata. hence Nov 12.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 14— Stmr
Greenwood, from Green y.
El'REKA— Sailed Nov 14— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Pan Pedro; schr Mary Buhne, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov 14— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco; stmr Oregon, for Seattle; Br
ship Blythswood, for Cape Town,
NEWPORT-Sailed Nov 14— Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Nov 14— Ship In
vincible, for San Francisco; schr Lottie Ben
nett, for Port Gamble. •
EASTERN P^RTS.
NORFOLK— Arrived Nov 12— Ship Ersklne M
Phelps, from New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 14— Br Btmr Ade
laide, from Oreeon.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 12— Br ship Glen
finart, from Portland; ship Roanoke, hence
July 27.
PRAWLE POlNT— Pawed Nov 13— Br bark
Zlnlta. hence Junr- in, for Queenstown.
SHANGHAI— PaIIed Nov 11— Ger ship Mag
dalene, for Portland.
KINSALK— Passed Nov 14— Br ship Gunford.
from Portland, Or. for Queenstown.
HONGKONG — Sailed Nov 14 - Jap Etmr
America Maru. for Pnn Frnnc!«co.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Nov 14— Stmr Vic
toria, from New York, for Leshorn, etc.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Nov 14 Ptmr Rotter
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Trave, for
; Bremen, via S'-mthami't' n.
! Arrived Nov 14— Ftmr M intreal, from London.
' RuTTERDAM- Arrived Nov 14— Stmr New
York, via Boulogne.
FOT'THAJIPTON - Arrived Nov 14 — Stmr
i Lahn, from New York, for Bremen.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
n^ Steamers leave Broadway
isBBBBBB^. wharf, San Francisco:
t'&i^'s&V For Alaskan ports. 10 a.
ilHrKSsSBfe m., Nov. 2. 7. 12, 17. 22. 27.
I |%N£m| Dec. 2, charge at Seattle,
i jSsSsSjSVa For Victoria, Vancouver
|i<J2J®|,» (B. C.I. Port Townsend. Se-
«**^sSii**PH attle, Tacoma. Everett. An-
acortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., Nov. 2, 7.
12, 17, 22. 27: Dec. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.: at Taeoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to c. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Nov.
6. 10, 16, 20, 25, «0; Dec. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter. _ _
For Santa Cm*. Monterey, San Simeon.
' Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Onlspo>.
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. n,. Nov. 4. 8. 12, 16. 10, 24. 23;
Dec. 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (fan Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redrndo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m, Nov. 2. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26. 30; Dec. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mapdalena Bay, Fan Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m For h 'further Information obtain company's
■ °The" company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
ar A K-mr«> nt pailtne. , .
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
6t GOODAIl C V|^NS t^ a Gen.^^
THE 8. R. a ft. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
T=>o:R, r rx_ -A.!srr>
From Ppear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C»DC 612 First Class Including Bertti
rAnt $8 Second Class «nd Meals.
pot T-\rni \ ■ Nov. 10, 29
STATEOF CALIFORNIA Nov. 24
M Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
j.nr b e c WARD. General A rent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, reRKIN| u ft
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. "
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
<* t T> a ul Nov. SIPt. Louis Dec. 13
It Louis Nov.' 22 St. Pnul Dec. 27
St. Paul Dec. 6 New York Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland Nov. B!KensinKton Nov. 23
Southwark Nov. 15 NOQrdland Dee. •
Westernland ...Nov. 22 I Frieslar.d Dec. 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michac!, Da-.vson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 d. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, an 1
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON Saturday, Nov. X
AMERICA-MARU .....Thursday, Dec. 21
HONGKONG-MARU Tuesday, Jan. 16
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
©■MinfiMldl Wednesday, Nov. 29,
Siflmi vi;l Honolulu and
»j£iKSiß% Auckland
Qff^rnQfjinj The S. S. Australia
G/ < iU:liOII!U sails for Honolulu
(SjlirabLk Wednesday, Dec. 13,
IMIIVUII-Sr at Jam,
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. $610 first class.
i. v. srrtL'Jri.fcLb a. H.iVi*. \<u., Arjts.. :I4 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 32? Market St.
COMPAONIE QENERALE TBANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <;*j£jT"»
Saturday, from November 2, 1599. at 5*"??" 1 * *
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st LA NORMANDIE. Nov. 16; LA
GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
30- I/A BRETAGNE, Dec. 7. First-class •to
Havre, J6O and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second-class to Havre," MS; 5 per
cent reduction en round trio. GENERAL
\GENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CANA-
DA 32 Bnmdway iHuJson building), New York.
.1* F. FUG ASM & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, &
Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
HON., Tuts.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a m., 3:l^, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 P- m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and off; Mission-street Dock,
Pier NO. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 600
1112
PLANS FOR FLOOD-WATER STORAGE
Good Day's Work
Put in at the
Convention.
THE first day's work of the water
storage convention has been com
pieted. Judging last night from
8 the expressions on night from
the expressions on all sides
everybody is more than satisfied
■with the progress made in the
direction of speedy results, and delegates
•will be prepared this morning when they
meet again in Metropolitan Temple to
get into the middle of things and marshal
a good working plan out of the many of
fered.
Four hundred and eighty-one delegates
answered "present" yesterday morning in
the maple hall of the Palace Hotel when
the roll was called. This unlocked for
response to the invitations of the provis
ional committee had the Immediate effect
of putting everybody in good humor. The
hearty welcome of the Mayor made tne
out-of-town delegates feel at home and
In the mood to return the compliment to
San Francisco, which they did handsome
ly by the nomination and election of F.
\V. bohrmitnn. president of the Mer
chants' Association; as temporary chair
man, which choice later in the day was
made permanent. Mr. brmann's fltness
for the office becoming apparent during
the short hour of the morning session.
During th« afternoon? when the conven
tion moved to Metropolitan Hall, and
after the order of business had ■en de
termined and permanent organization had
been effected, th< real test of the temper
of the convention was had. It was known
that, as far as such a condition could
exist without previous caucusing, the del
egates were massed on two sides, those
favoring State aid for water storage, and
those opposed. When the resolutions be
gan to pour in for reading and discussion,
beforo reference to the committee on res
olutions, there was an evident feeling of
uneasiness among the delegates, as if
they expected something to drop. Never
were delegates more agreeably surprised.
Plans were offered, it is true, diametric
ally opposed to each other, and their ad
vocates were equally eloquent, but all
through the long afternoon there was
manifested a spirit of earnestness and
fairness and a willingness to reach com
mon ground that left no room for bitter
ness. There was none, and if the actions
and expressions of the delegates after
adjournment can be taken lor anything
there will be none.
Xo plan seems to be more favored at the
present time than any other, but no fears
are voiced that it will be impossible to
reach one. In fact, the signs are plain
that a practicable method will be out
lined for future successful crusading tor
the speedy storage of the waste waters of
the State. These signs have been thrown
out by delegates, who express a willing
ness, "lHce Pillsbury of Tulare, to take
everything and anything In sight, so long
as it leads in the direction of ultimate
success. They are not committed to State
bonds, nor are they pledged to exclusive
Federal aid. They will take both, and
impound the waters of the State as quick
ly as possible.
And it is tho influence of these men in
the convention, with the earnestness and
evident fairness of the out-and-outers of
the other factions, that will tend to make
smooth the work of the convention.
The ceremonial attending the opening of
the convention was delightfully informal.
The assembled delegates were still in the
buzz of early congratulations over the
large attendance, when a loud rapping
from the platform attracted their atten
tion to the ilgure of Mayor James D.
Phelan.
"I have been requested," he said, "to
call this convention to order."
His words were greeted with applause
that testified that the popularity of San
Francisco's executive head extended far
ther than the confines of the city. He
rapped some more and the delegates hav
ing seated themselves, he extended a
greeting on behalf of the city. He said:
I desire to extend the welcome of
San Francisco to those gentlemen
from ail parts of tho State who have
come here to unite — I hope to unite
in some great measure for the bene
fit of California. , There certainly
should be a common sentiment among
all the members of this convention, so
far at any rate as the benefits that will
accrue from the storage of flood wat
ers are concerned. But as to the best
means of reaching that desirable end
there may be a reasonable difference
of opinion.
I am not very familiar with the dis
cussion which has preceded this con
vention but I am informed that al
ready there are two parties — one con
tending that it is the duty of the State
to provide for the storage of the flood
waters, and the other that it is the
duty of the Federal Government. Now
there can be no doubt whatever In the
mind of any one that if the Federal
Government would undertake this
■work it would relieve California of a
great outlay; but, on the other hand,
so desirable is tho storage of flood
waters that if there is any possibility
of losing this opportunity we should
not wait upon the Federal Govern
ment.
So important, In my judgment, is the
storage of the storm waters of Cali
fornia that we must m?ke any sacri
fice of our personal views to bring
about harmony of action, i think the
two years of drought we have had have
taught •<:- the lesson that, no matter
what may be the outlay for this pur
pose within reasonable bounds, it
would well repay the State.
A great city like San Francisco is
complimented by gentlemen coming
from all parts of the State to meet
here. A great city is the spokesman
for a great country. We have here a
metropolitan press "to voice your senti
ments. We have here the men willing
to come to your aid. These are the
natural advantages which come from
metropolitan activity we are willing
to lay at your feet. Without a pros
perous California in mines and fields,
San Francisco would have no large
place on the map. We have plenty of
water here at our doors for shipping,
but we must have something to ship.
I trust your deliberations will bring
about a solution of the great and im
portant question and the welfare of
our commonwealth. '
"I am now ready," said the Mayor, "to
hear nominations for temporary chair
man."
T. E. Gibbons of 1..0S Angeles nom
inated F. W. Dohrmann in behalf of
Southern California-
Arthur R. Briggs, In behalf of the cen
tral part of the State, seconded the nom
ination, and Mr. Dohrmann was made the
unanimous choice of the convention. On
taking the chair he said:
When the ancients had entered upon
a war they generally proceeded before
a battle to offer up a sacrifice that
they might propitiate the gods: and
when peace had been accomplished
they again offered sacrifice to thank
the gods for victory, i presume you
know what I mean without much fur
ther explanation. There seemed to be
war in the air and San Francisco
wished to win. Looking around for a
victim to be sacrificed, they selected
me, not for any of those qualities
which were usually requisjte for sac
rifices in the ancient times when they
selected young people of virtue and
many other good qualities. They se-'
jected me because I was a negative
quantity in all those matters, and I
have to begin by stating to you what
I stated to them, that, while I am
willing to be sacrificed, my qualities
fall short of those which are neces
sary to preside over this convention
as It should be done.
I begin, therefore, by appealing to
your sympathy and ; sking you, while
you may assist in the sacrifice, that
• you will not put me In the hole on
parliamentary questions and crucify
• "'Gentlemen, you will please excuse
•his explanation. It is like that of
the boy who goes by a graveyard and
whistles that he may have courage. I
realize we have serious work to do. I
realize that I am facing serious men
who have come here and Intend to do
it I hope that the gods are appeased
and harmony will prevail so far as the
ultimate object of our gathering is
concerned I hope and expect that a
tree .fair and full discussion will be
had upon all subjects which are mci
SnTS Mb a%™ # ■£•
£S?» .rmy^n^t^r give 9 &j
WILL S. GREEN ADDRESSING THE CONVENTION.
complish what Is within its power if
it lays the foundations d<
and br ■.'. to make our State
tha moot prosperous und l><.st of all the
States of the Union.
This nvention In ex
cellent burnt r, which wa ssened
when William Thomas, presid
California Stat< Association for thi S
age of Flood Waters, arose to norn
Ben M. Maddox of Visalia, the hero of a
hundred Democratic conventions, as tcm
porar;. .. Lsidor Jacobs
the n< ! \ was chosen.
Frank J. Bynames moved a recess until 2
o'clock to Metropolitan HaU.
George H. Maxwell said ,hat this was
the most Important ention that had
been held in California for a quarter of a
century, and there would not be a;:
to equal it in Importance in the next
quarter century- would It not be well,
he said, for all who had plans to submit
•ing them before the convention in
writing and make such remark- as th<
planmak^r wished?
Mr. Works of Los Angeles agreed with
the suggestion of Mr. Maxwell.
Delegate Devlin of Sacramento called
for information. He wanted to know how
far and in what direction the (.invention
wished to go. He moved that the chair
call for addresses from delegates who
had given the matter of flood water stor
age their attention and study before the
convention should proceed to take any
definite action.
Chairman Dohrmann said tho conven
tion ought first to organize. He did not
wish to make b ■ -lven
tlon, but if the discussion of sub •
should begin at once it would be i
absence of any organization. The first
duty of tho convention was to organize.
He did not think that the plan of ap
pointment from Congressional districts
of the committee on permanent organiza
tion and order of business was the best.
Mr. Gibbons of Los Angeles moved that
the committee on permanent organiza
tion and order of business should consist
of nine members, to be appointed by the
chair. This motion prevailed, and
chair named the following to constitute
the committee: Hon. C. B. I
Angeles; E. C. Farnswnrth, Visalia; \
R. Brigcs. Fresno; P. R. Garnett. Glenn-
R. E. Wilhoit. Stockton; R. M. Shackle
ford, San Luis Oblspo; A. B. Lemmon,
Sonoma; C. C. Bush, Shasta; Hugh Craig,
San Francisco.
Delegate Adams of Santa Cruz moved
the appointment by the temporary chair
man of a committee of fifteen on resolu
tions. This was adopted.
The chair requested that any delegate
who had a suggestion to offer conreri,:: p
the personnel of the committee on r<
tions should hand in names. He would
not name the committee, he said, until
he had been made fully acquainted with
the wishes of the convention.
Upon motion of Will S. Green, an invi
tation was given to Elwood Mead to ad
dress the. convention. Mr. Mead spoke
briefly, not going into the questions to
come before the convention, but assuring
th* delegates that he believed whatever
they planned would be good.
The committee on arrangements report
ed that the only place that could I
cured for the afternon session was Met
ropolitan Hall. A larger room than the
MULTI-COLORED METEORS BOMBARD US.
ASTRONOMTSRS are in high
glee. They are taking a great
deal of pleasure out of the
bombardment of this mundane
sphere by a lot of vagrant
meteors that have acquired the habit
of crossing our path at stated Inter
vals. Men who study the skies for
pleasure as well as those who gaze
throug-h telescopes as a profession
have been talking about this celestial
display and calculating upon the date
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L. WEDNESDAY, Is T OYEMBER 15. 1899.
maple hall was ba-rily needed, for many
of t! had to stand during the
proceedings of the forenoon.
At the afternoon session in Metropolitan
Temple permanent organization was ef
i by the adoption of the report of
the committee vii permanent organization
rdei of b isiness, which recommend
■ g officers: President, F.
W. Dohrmann of San Francisco; vice
presidents— C. C. Bush of Redding, P. A.
Buell of Stockton. Vincent C. (Seek of
inty, Frank J. Symmes of Ban
Professor E. E. Smith of the
nivi rsity. Judge J. D. Works
of I 3, Senator S. C. Smith of
Baker sfleld; secretary, Hen M. Maddox of
Visalia; assistant secretaries, T. C. Frled
. Charles E. Richards; press ■
Raleigh Barcar; reading clerk, J.
Richard i- ": ■
Committee on rul<-p and order of busl
.'\ W Dohrmann, chairman of the
convention: William Thomas, chatrman of
the committee on resolutions: C. B.
Boothe, chairman of the committee on
;■< rmanent i irganization.
The committee on resolutions, after the
adaption of a motion to enlarge it. was
; by Chairman Dohrmann as
-: William Thomas, c. E. tirunsky,
!'•( •> ssor George Davidson, John P. Irish,
T. E. Gibbon, George H. Maxwell, C. W.
Merritt. Bcipio Craig, J. H. Barbour, E.
H. Tucker. A. J. Pillsbury. P. A. Buell.
E. T. Cosper. M. Then Kearney, W B.
Green, L. M. Holt, Professor E. J. Wlck-
Bon, Professor Emory Smith, W. E.
Smythe, J. M. G [eaves, Senator E. C.
Voorheis.
An announcement by the chair that res
were In order brought Edward
F. Adams of Santa Cruz to his feet. He
pri Bented a resolution that it was the
Bense of the convention that it favors the
lishment of a permanent society,
whose membership shall come from all
parts of the State, which shall include
übordlnates or by amalgamation
all existing societies, and which shall be
indorse.! by citizens and public 1.
It contemplates the leasing of public
grazing lands by the General Govern
ment, the revenue thus derived to be used
fl r reclamation of arid lands, the rentals
to be expended by State engineering bod
ies; the Federal Government to aid In the
storage of flood waters by yearly appro-
Eriatlons in the river and harbor bill; the
tate to assume such control O f the pub
lic lands as may be delegated to it by the
Federal Government and expend the rev
enues under the direction of a State en
gineer to be provided Ipv law. supplement
ing the moneys received from the Federal
Government by such moneys as shall be
provided.
Robert P. Troy offered the following:
Resolved. That the interests of irri
gation can best be subserved by tho
early extensive construction of "water
Btorage reservoirs, and any project
looking to that end, whether promoted
by national. State or individual aid or
combination of these elements, should
be encouraged and fostered by the
people.
Former Surveyor General Will S. Oreon
the "father of irrigation in California,"'
then offered a resolution embodying tho
following provisions, with others supple
mental for their execution:
of the great show for many months.
They are overjoyed at the numerous
Indications that everything is coming
off according to the programme.
For several nights there has been
an exhibition of astronomical pyro
technics, but It has given but the
faintest hint of what is to come. To
night is the time set for us to pass
through the stream of flying fire.
From midnight until dawn to-morrow
morning is when the genuine blue,
green, yellow and red Leonids are to
appear. The rounder and the belated
Resolved. That there shall be created
a State board of irrigation, composed
of three members, one of whom must
be a civil engineer of experience in
irrigation works, who shall receive a
llxed annual .salary; the others to re
ceive a per diem compensation, with
a fixed maximum; and said board shall
exercise powers and perform duties as
follows: i a) It shall examine the ir
rigable lands adjacent to all streams
in the State where irrigation is
practiced or will probably in the
near future be practiced, and
shall determine what lauds may
be irrigated from a stream and
what lands are e.ntitled to the use
of the waters of such stream, and
shall make a description of the district
thus laid out. to be called the "water
district of " (naming the stream),
and shaJl file a description by metes
and bounds, together with a "map of
the district, in the Recorder's office in
each county in which there may be
any of the lands; (D) shall make sur
veys along ill.- watersheds of these
several Btreams and shall locate, where
practicable, reservoir sites, and shall
til.- a description and a map of each
site, together with an estimate of the
cost of building the reservoir, with the
County Recorder of the county in
which the site may be situated, and
in each of the counties in which any
p.rtion ol' the district may be situated;
hi shall, if the site is Government
land, request the authorities to with
draw ■);<■ .-.line from settlement and
sale; if on private lands, a notice shall
be appended to the map and the .in
scription so Bled that It is subject to be
taken for a public use, and that no
added value or damage will be con
sidered in condemnatory proceedings;
(d) shall have power to enforce the
equitable distribution of water be
tween users in any district and to
prevent the extravagant use or the
waste of water; (c) shall hear and act
upon petitions for the formation of
irrigation districts; (ft shall hear and
act upon petitions for the issuance of
bonds with which to construct irriga
tl . - ■' s; (g) shall either make or
approvi all plans for all irrigation
works > t>e constructed by any public
or quasi-public corporation; <h> shall
h;i.\< power to employ assistance and
incur other expenses necessary to per
form the work required by law. sub
ject to allowance by the State Hoard
of Examiners; <l) shall perform such
other duties as may bo prescribed by
law.
Mr. Groon took tho platform In advi.
pedestrian saw things in the skies last
night that sent shivers down their
spines, but it is the multi-colored
meteors that are scheduled to show up
to-night that will make a lull In the
saloon business. Blue cows and green
elephants could not pretend to do half
as much missionary work among the
frequenters of the cocktail route as
a display of colored meteors during
the small hours of the morning.
Some of these chunks of blazing
stars are said to be as large as houses,
while others will be of no more im
Earnestness and
Fairness Mark
Proceedings.
cacy of his resolution, and, giving the
history of Irrigation conventions In the
State, said that his resolution was the
substance of a bill authorized in the Riv
erside and Fresno irrigation conventions,
which had been defeated In the Senate
by the Ut-e of money.
"There is no law in the State now," he
exclaimed, "but the shotgun for the ap
propriation of water out of a stream. In
the evolution of the law on waters in
California we have got as far as the shot
gun. Now we must gtt to some other
method."
Mr. Cosper called for an explanation of
the plan submitted by Adams of Santa
Cruz, and that gentleman went on at con
siderable length to elaborate his idea*. As
a matter of mere self-interest the more
humid parts of the State could afford to
help to irrigate the more arid regions. The
Slate, he said, would never have its high
est development and greatest prosperity
until the arid lands were irrigated ami
provision was made to store waters for
use in dry seasons.
H. Weinstock of Sacramento introduced
a resolution that it was the sense of the
convention that every effort should be
made to secure both Federal and State
aid In dealing with the flood waters of
the State.
Delegate A. J. Plllsbsry. in presenting a
decidedly important resolution, said he
was in favor of everything in sight, but
while he was in favor of national aid and
State conservation he impressed upon the
delegates that they could not afford to
lose courage to push forward individual
and private enterprise, as has been done
heretofore. His resolution was as fol
lows:
Whereas, The distribution of the un
impounded waters of the streams of
California has heretofore been attend
ed by extensive litigation from con
flicting claims so that some localities
have expended more money in litiga
tion than in the construction of needed
irrigation works; and whereas, the
Immediate expansion of the irrigated
area in California can best be achieved
by securing a more e^rtain knowledge
or' existing water rights and the more
equitable, distribution of the free flow
of the streams In < xcess of such ex
isting rights, and pending the formu
lation of a system or systems of water
conservation,
Resolved, That this convention de
clares in favor of such legislation as
will require all persons and corpora
tions using for irrigation any part of
the water of any stream in California
to within a reasonable time and before
a tribunal provided by law for hearing
and determining such controversies
make proof of their claims to use such
water, to the end that all rights to
water may be made matter of definite
record, alter which a statute of lim
itations shall preclude the possibility
of again putting such rights Into
jeopardy and the residuary waters
may tie made available for the further
expansion of the irrigated area under
such conditions as the law may im
pose.
R. T. Devlin of Sacramento introduced a
resolution requesting the Governor of the
State to take steps to keep in proper re
pair the State easement at Elkhorn and
the jetties at Newtown shoals. He also
spoke on it. ■ general question.
P. A. Buell of Stockton submitted a res
olution that California should take the
initiative in the storage of the Hood wa
ters and the convention should act ac
cordingly.
George H. Maxwell, one of Sonoma's
delegates, a representative also of the
National Irrigation Congress, and recog
nized as the head and front of opposition
to the proposition to issue bonds for im
pounding the flood waters of the State,
then mounted the platform. The conven
tion listened eagerly to his remarks. He
said :
As I understood the call under which
this convention has com« together, it
Is to formulate a plan for two. things:
First, for the storage of the flood wa
ters of California; second, for the dis
tribution of these flood waters. For
my own part, beiore I read the resolu
tions I have to offer, I want to say I
• most heartily indorse what has been
said by Mr. Adams and Mr. Pillsbury
with reference to this movement. I
believe that tne great State of Califor
nia, with the co-operation of tne Fed
eral Government, within well-estab
lished constitutional lines, can solve
every question that is before the peo
ple to-day which comes within the
purpose and object of the call of this
convention, but I believe that you can
not solve it and that you never will
solve it until the people of this great
State come together and harmonize
and absolutely unite as one man upon
whatever policy we undertake to carry
out. Now, that being so. it seems to
me that it. would be a grievous mis
take for this convention to undertake
to force through this body any reso
lution, any policy, anything which is
contrary to the firm and strong con
victions of a large minority of the con
vention. In other words, if there are
things we can agree upon, let us de
clare for them; if there are things we
do not agree upon, let us wait and see
if we cannot get together before we air
our quarrels.
The plan I propose to present to you
now is the plan of the National Irri
gation Congress for solving the prob
lem that confronts you. and one that
will solve this problem within a time
shorter than any one would deem pos
sible. The shibboleth we have gone
under is "irrigation without debt,"
portance than the proverbial thirty
coppers. There is a possibility that
one of these may strike mother earth,
but the astronomers say that we are
in no great danger of her being all
broke up over the contact. San Fran
ciscans who Intend to take in the show
should keep their eyes fixed on the
skios In the direction of Oakland and
Alameda. Most of the peculiar things
that happen originate over that way.
The electric lights there are turned off
early and there will be no danger of
mistaking them for the real thing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW DRESS
FABRICS.
FOUR SPECIAL VALUES.
$1.00 Yard.
50 pieces GENUINE FRENCH
POPLINS, full 44 Inches
wide, in the following new
shades; National Blue,
Golden Brown, Bordeaux,
Mordore, Navy, Castor
Brown, Automobile Red,
Heron Grau, Leaf Green
and Russian Violet,
$1.25 Yard.
25 pieces 50-INCH GENU-
INE ALL-WOOL HOME-
SPUNS, in all the new
shades of Grau, Castor,
Blue and Brown, all mixed
effects,
$1.25 Yard.
One case STEWARTON
CHEVIOT PLAIDS, Scotch
effects, a full variety of
new combinations, goods
measure full 47 inches
wide,
$1.50 Yard.
30 pieces 47-INCH GENU-
INE FRENCH ZIBELINE,
camel's hair effects, the
new material in solid
colors, for fall and winter
wear,
111, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
and I want to say to you now. as the
result of nearly ten years of study of
the laws and physical conditions oC
California, that we ran store every
drop of flood v ater In the Btate as fast
as we can use It by individual and
corporate enterprise by the interposi
tion of the State law on proper lines
and limits, and through the aid of tin.
Federal Government, without issuing
one dollar in State bonds.
Mr Maxwell then introduced his resolu
tions printed copies thereof having been
previously distributed to the delegates
and went on to say that the Congressional
record would show that appropriations
would follow fast on the heels of surveys.
Mr Davis of Tulare offered a resolution
of the Tulare Grange and M. Theo Kear
ney and Judge J. D. Works spoke briefly
to 'the resolutions in hand.
Just before the adjournment George a
Maxwell spoke briefly upon the harmony
in the convention. "There appears to r>e
no difference among us." he said, as to
the end we have In view; only concerning
the means to that end. We are getting
nearer together."
Last evening Elwood Mead. Professor
Ldppincott and George Newberry of this
city entertained the delegates at Metro
politan Hall. Mr. Dohrmann presided.
While all the speakers furnished valuable
information, the feature of the evening
consisted of Illustrations, with lantern
slides, by Professor Lipplncott. of the
work of the United States Geological Sur
v.v in the arid States and in California,
having in view the development of water
for irrigation. The audience was large
and enthusiastic. -'i^.
The convention meets at 10 o clock this
morning at Metropolitan Hall.
SAW NO METEORS IN
THE EASTERN STATES
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— Chicago and the
Mississippi Valley went to bed this morn
ing without catching a glimpse of the
star-shower of Leonids for which they
have waited a third of a century. From
Davenport east to New York, according to
the dispatches received by the Weather
Bureau, the sky was overcast to a degree
which blotted out all the stars and made
satisfactory observation of the meteoric
shower an impossibility.
Outing Club's Trolley Party.
The San Francisco Outing Club will
give a complimentary trolley ride for the
benefit of the members and friends on
next Saturday evening. November 18.
The committee has secured the large ac
commodation car of the Market-street
Railway system, and arrangements have
been made to leave Market and Second
streets at Sls o'clock sharp on the night
of the ride.
Grand display of latest holiday novel
ties, leather, decore, linen embroidery,
Battenberg. November 15, 16, 17. Emma
Mason's. 9*5 Valencia St. •
FORTUNES
JN OIL!
CONTINENTAL OIL AND
DEVELOPMENT CO.
(Incorpoated.)
ONLY 6000 SHARES,
of which 1000 were put on the
market and over half sold the first
ten days.
This Is a genuine opportunity for
an oil investment. The Company
owns by United States patent
five twenty-acre tracts In the
"OIL BASIN,"
Kings County, the richest oil bear-
Ings In the entire belt.
We have made arrangements for
the latest Improved machinery and
will shortly be boring for oil, at
which time stock cannot be had at
any price.
NO ASSESSMENTS.
A. E. RUDELL. See..
222 Sansome street.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Pres.
Catarrh, Deafness^
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAM'S
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Marble stair entrance.
Hours— i-U a. in.; 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
Cut this out. present at once; good for on«
week FREE TREATMENT and medicine at
office, or write for particulars Do not delay.
Cameo Novelties
Bargains.
It's Wortli Yoof
Coming Just to See.
Great American lioortiDt Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere.
xoo Stores,