VOJUME LWXYII— NO. 'JO.
SIR ROGER
CONFINED IN
AN ASYLUM
Such Is the Story That Re
vives the Famous Tich
borne Case.
NEW SOUTH WALES IS
INVESTIGATING.
Prom the Antipodes Comes a Fresh
Chapter in a Most Remark
able Affair.
Filial I>!*i«teh to The CalL
"T TANCOITEU. n. C; Dec. 2S-Thfc
1 / famous story of the Tichborr.e
l/ claimant Is revived by advices
y brought from Australia on the
rteamer Aorangi. The Govern
ment of Now South Wales is so impressed
with the probability that an inmutc of the
Farramatta Insane Asylum, known as
William CretwelU may be Sir Roger Tlch
borno that It has appointed a commission
to Inquire int>> the antecedents of Cres
wcll and to investigate the circumstances
connected with the Incarceration. Prrpu
iar opinion In Sydney is favorable to the
claim that Creswell Is really Tichborne.
and some members of the commission are
strongly cf the same belief.
The report of Drs. Plckhurn and Devlin,
who were deputed to examine William
Creswell with a view of deciding whether
lie bore marks known to have been on the.
body of Sir Roger Tichborne. has been
jirrj«entfi to the Parliament <>f Now South
Wales. Twenty-two physical marks of
the real Knp. r Tichborne wore enumer
ated for the benefit of the examining phy
sicians, ard these two doctors found that
Oreswll possessed i)ract!cally all of these
marks and characteristics.
There are only two circumstances In
which Creswell fails to correspond with
the evidence of the doctors to signs which
are admitted to bo borne by the missing
TVhborne. oil" of thet^e is that there are
no marks as of bleeding cuts on Crcs
weir« ankles. Ilut the cxumlning physi
cians iK'lnt out that such marks might
warily have been obliterated on the legs
after long years. The other and appa
rently the iroie serious discrepancy ls»
that vrhilt- Tichborne whs tive feet eight
and a ha'.f inches in height Creswell is
U\>- f •-- - - p.;* itiiil 1 In i'T^-ijtianer Ini'lies. but
the physicians ssyJCreswell Is now old
and withered. The shrinkape in height
would be a natural result «>f senility, and
probably flfl.-en years «po Crop well may
have been five feet eight and a half
Inches in height. TH* tattoo mark- whi.-», ,
oki/t«w La Tii-htHirnp do not exist on Cres
well. but there t* a wound in the exact
locality which might be that of a cautery
directed to the extirpation of tattooing.
The medical experts say that so many
mark* of similarity could hardly be put
down to coincidence. The investigation
was incomplete when the Aorangi sailed
from Sydney. December 5.
Roger Charles Tichborne. who dlsap
jxarrd in l^'.l and of whom the attempted
impersonation by one' Thomas Castro,
ullaa Arthur Orton. led to two of the most
celebrated and protracted trials ever had
In the English courts. wa.« born in Paris
in I>C3. His father was Sir James Tich
borne. an English gentleman of large
means, and his mother a French lady «>f
noble descent. Roger was educated flist
In Paris and later in England, to but a
limited extent, as he was quite Idle.
In February. 1553. he bade his mother
good-by in Paris previous to starting on
an extended Journey, and on March 4 fol
lowing sailed for Valparaiso. In April.
3ST4. he nailed in the Bella from Rio de
Janeiro for New York, having previous to
tmbarking written a letter showing tils in
tention to protract his stay abroad for
two .... years. The Hella was lost at
pea and no one on bo«rd of her was ever
heard of again, though her longboat was
ploked up by a passing vessel.
The will of Roger Charles Tichborne
was proved and his estate was placed in
the hands of the executors. His mother
believed that he was Mill alive and after
the death of her husband In IM2 adver
tised rxtensively over the world for her
*on. In lW.f» Thomas Castro, a butcher
living at Wagga-Wngga. Australia, whose
real name was Arthur Orton. asserted
that he was the lost Roger, having been
saved from the wreck of the Rella. After
Kome correspondence with L*dy Tlch-
■
British Prisoners, Captured at Nicholson's Nek, October 30, Arriving at Pretoria Station.
The Call
BOMBARDMENT OF LADYSMITH
AND A SKIRMISH NEAR COLENSO
Nine Boers Killed and Six Wagons Lost in an Encounter With
Patrols Sent Out by General Buller- British Loss
Is Not Stated.
Boer Artillery Shelling Ladysmith With 6.1-Inch Creusot Guns.
The artillery of the Boors has been something of a surprise to those who have not followed the development of the military power of the Trn-nvni
General Joubert Is himself well versed In all artillery matters, and has been the moving :-pirlt in advocating an Increase In the number of guns He visit, i
the ■""'•" works at Magdeburg In IS9O and witnessed the trials of many types of ordnance, He also made himself acquainted with the splendid weanoM
turned out by the Creusot Steel Work». which have the finest ordnance factory In France. Large numbers of guns were purchased " there an J before thpmit
l^^k <>f j^^ m^^r^ni^waa^t wiira^mpla^ : - Bo« gunnem. Th, ....... __ .. ___, ; .. _.. .__
French factory, which have an effective range of about eleven miles, and are declared to be equal to anything the British can produce The run illustri -i
[■ an arm of position, with a caliber of 6.1 Inches, and is upon a siege mounting. It l. typical of th. largest type of, ordnance 'which the Boerl have broiTeh
Into the tlehi. The Transvaal Is understood to have at least sixty guns, and the Orange Free State some twenty-live of smaller caliber but no account th- 1
CHiEVfcLEY, Natal, "Weclm^day. Dec. l i7.— A heavy Boer gun on Bulwhana Hill tired steadily upon
Ladysmith throughout the morning. Ladysmith did not respond.
The Boers having been ag;tin detected attempting to improve their trenches facing General Buller
the British heavy <>uns opened lire upon them, and the Boers scampered back into the hill*. The British
patrols sighted the enemy in force on the extreme left. Mne Boers were killed in a skirmish that fol
lowed and six Boer wagons were captured.
LONDON, Ike. 29.—]
Chieveley camp this morn
ing news which ae
ls with what was said yester
day as to the possibility of an ac
tive movement in t Hi s quarter.
The war correspondent <>f the
1 >aily Telegraph wires that the ris
ing of the Tugela should enable
General Buller to catch m<»-t of
the liners who are south pi
■ within the next few
and the natural inference i^ that
the destruction of the road
bridge has made a real difference
in the safety of the Boer position
and that the rough crossing
which they established farther
north in the direction of !':•
From a photograph for L . .
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 29, 1899.
station does not make up for this
disadvantage.
The Boers, we learn from
other communications, have in
trenched both cast and west of
the British camp. Lord Dun
donald, with the cavalry patrol.
has pushed the Boer force back
on the westward of the British
position some live miles away.
probably on the Little Tugela,
while recently there have been
skirmishes in the neighborhood
of [nhlawe Mountain.
From Ladysmhh comes the
news that the town has been
shelled. We are not told
whether the Boer shells are
bursting better here than else
where, but the fists of casualties,
which of late have been longer,
lend countenance to the suppo
sition.
A Chteveley telegram of
Wednesday's date reports the
sound of heavy bombardment h
the direction of Ladysmith, and
the Boers are probably re
doubling their efforts to render
General White's position unten
able.
The Boer force at Magersfon
tein had a false alarm on Tuesday
night, suddenly opening a very
heavy tire. The British cavalry
have reconnoitered to the north
east, while other reconnpissances
have been carried out near Ens
lin.
There have been reports of
Boer detachments near General
Methuen's line of communica
tion. Of course action in this di
rection by the Boers was antici
pated, but Genera] Methuen
seems confident of holding his
own and keeping the line to his
rear open. After all he is on the
spot and the best judge of what
is expedient, but it is obvious
that he is in a very exposed posi
tion.
The Kinihcrlfv garrison con
tinues active. On Sunday last a
ceconnoissance was made with
| mounted troops, and three of
the enemy's guns were located.
A similar reconnaissance on the
Wednesday preceding by mount
ed troops, assisted by an artillery
i force, advanced into Free State
territory. The Roers were met
with some artillery, and firing
'ensued. The Kimberlev force
[ ultimately retired, as the ]) -
were strongly intrenched. These
\ sallies serve to keep the Boers at
a respectable distance and also
determine the position of their
guns and outposts.
The War Office is now recog
nizing more and more the im
portance of mounted troops. The
Government first accepted 3000
volunteers and yeomanry, and
last night it asked Lord ( iresh-
am's committee to furnish 10,000
yeomanry to he used as mounted
infantry. The first Latch of
1000 will probably sail in the
second week of January.
BOERS BECOME A
DISCIPLINED ARMY
LONDON, T>< ( - B.—A dispatch to the
Dally Mall fr..m Pletermarltsburg, dated
Saturday, December 8, says:
"Every day reveals «-»m.- "fa.-t regarding
trength «.i" ti>..- Boer position at
Thanks to the :-. r\ ic-s of Conti
nental officers, the character of the cam
paign h.is changed. Wt are n<> longer
lighting :• foe who relies upon guerrilla
tactics, i>ut wi- have to deal with what Is
rabidly becoming a disciplined army, en-
Joying the advantages of knowing th<>
country and ><f selecting the scene >>f con
irithoul ih.- burdens of cumbersome
commissariat
"The Boers have converted the hills
near Colenso Into fortresses <if bnmenae
strength. Ehrerywhere they have splendid
trenches, many <>f them bomb-proof
Tramway lines permit the shifting of
puns with astonishing rapidity. The main
positions are connected with th>- outlying
positions by underground passages and
the forts proper bristle with machine guns
that command the approaches. Probably
mines are laid.
••(Mn- hears less nowadays about Boer
shells not bursting. Observers of the Co
lenso liclit say the Boer shell fire was
very effective. This is due largely to the
fad that the distances are marked off
with white paint The enemy's discipline
is Improving. The trenches represent
great manual labor, for which the Boers
have a keen <ii«iiki\ and the way in which
tt-.y restrained th«ir nre wh«-n our troops
Mtvandng Is another evidence of lm
proved soldiering."
PECULIAR DOINGS
AT DELAGOA BAY
LONDON. Dec. 28.— A correspondent of
the Standard at Lourenzo Marques says:
DelaK>>': Bny Is the residence of Herr
Pott, a Hollander, who is Consul-General
for the Transvaal and Consul for the
Netherlands. Pott Is the principal me
dium between Pretoria and Dr. Leyds in
Europe. He controls • the Netherlands
Railway through the Transvaal, and is
the head of the Transvaal customs. He Is
also bead of the Dutch East Africa Com
pany, and has the ear of the Portuguese
Governor as well as the chief of each de
partment.
It Is openly asserted that Pott has a pri
vate wire to the frontier and knows twen
ty-four hours before others what Is hap
pening. About him Rather all the other
Consuls, the Portuguese officials and the
German forwarding agents.
If Ddagoa Hay is closed the Boers will
retaliate by raiding Portuguese territory.
HEAVY FIRE OPENED
UPON METHUEN'S FORCE
LONDON. Dec. 25.-The War Office has
BLYTHE'S HEIRESS IS
NO LONGER A WIDOW
Florence Hinckley Becomes the
Wife of A. A, Moore Jr.
United in Marriage at the City Home of
the Bride and Left Immediately on
Their Honeymoon.
AVERT Qtifel and \. rv simplo cor
cmony at ■"• o'clock aft
ernoon tn;id<- Florence Blythe-
Hlnckley the wife of a. a m on
Jr. a f. w momenta later th«-
OOOple left <.n ■ r.rt* f w.-flrttrtK
journey, in a direction that will not i" 1
<iivulk>ml. whi<-h wMi terminate at th»-
Nf-w Tear*! reception to be given b] Mr
a. A. Moore Br. at h« r Baal Oakland
hnirit' Monday n»'xt.
It van hardly I.- satil that this w-iifiinß
was unexpected, th>>uch it eerl
a surprise at this time The itorj
cnKa^»-m<-nt between these young people
ha« lx-on told repeatedly, and Jval ■
peatedly denied, knd thus it is. while thr
fact of the wedding is nut so much of v
nurprißP. that it should have rome at the
time and In the mannc-r In •
is one. T? ■ :
you so." while the ywinfl
capfng in order to avoid saying anything
at all.
The wedding to.k place at .". <v. lock In
the afternoon at th.» home of Mrs. Hinck
ley, ii s ~ Bacranwsto street, th
ia present except the family of Mr.
and Mrs. Julia i'ampht-1!. who bas
been the companion and old-:
of Mr:;. Ffifiruey. A> soon ■
ceremony was concluded the cotfplc start
ed away.
The ceremony wai performed by Rev.
William Carson Bhaw, rector of the
Church of tho Adv. ' : . ■• iiikland.
who came to San Pranclsco to unite the
couple. They were married in tht ir travel-
Ing costumi - " ' the brother
of the groom, acted aa best man and th>>
list of Kuesta was v< ry small, M follow*:
Mr. and Mr.' A. A. Bioore Sr . parents Of
the sroom; Stanley Moore, his brother,
and the Blisses Ethel, Carmln, Marguer
ite and Jaquillm' Uoore, I ers; Su
perior Judge s. I. Hall or the Alameda
County Superior bench and bis wife, Mrs.
W. D. Walk, r and Mr. and M
Beanston, the uncles and aunts of the
groom, and Mrs. J. A. Ball, the n
grandmother. Th" • i-.lv one with the
bride was Mrs. Julia Campbell, a wed
ding supper was served.
St wa of the wedding w-as kept sn very
quiet and the ceremony was made so
v« ry exclusive because <->f .1 desire on th<
part of the bride to avoid any BM>r<
totiety than was absolutel) nece
She shrinks from any further public I
A. A. Moore Jr.. th.- gr^om. I.* the •
son of a. a Moore, for yean Uu
of the Alameda County bar. and now
received the following; from Cape Town.
dated Wednesday, December 27:
"Methuen reports as follows:
"At 9:30 yesterday evening the Boers
on the south side of Masersfontetn opened
a very heavy fire for Home time. This
morning the naval brigade fired at the
enemy at the west part of Magemfon
teln. The cavalry brigade Is reconnolter
ing in a northeasterly direction.
"Lieutenant Masters has made an ex
tended reeonnolssance westward and
northward of Enslein and reports all well.
The farmers were glad to see our men.
They were suffering for want of food.
"I have established a market here,
where I can purchase fresh milk and
vegetables, selling to the farmers tea and
other articles which they cannot other
wise purchase. A heavy rain fell last
night. • '
"Gatacre and French, report no change
in the situation. Baden-Powell reports
all well December 12."
FORMER BRITISH OFFICER
WHO INSTRUCTED BOERS
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 28.— Colonel Otter.
commanding the Canadian contingent of
troops. Is to Join the staff of General Dul
ler, nil the members of which are pro
ceeding to Natal, indicating that General
Bullers sphere . will shortly be confined
to Natal.
A man named Green, a former sergeant
major of the British balloon department.
Is among the Boer prisoners captured at
Magersfonteln. Green, who deserted from
Aldershot In lss-5. admitted that he had
been some time In the service of the Boers
and had Instructed them In Intrenching.
He says there were 23.000 Boers at
Magersfonteln. 21.000 of whom were en
gaged the day of the battle. The Boer
losses, he asserts, were heavy, the
trenches being full of dead. Green further
declares that If the attack had been
pressed the . Boers- would have yielded.
He says the Boer horses have to he taken
to the Modder River, as water Is scarce
at Magersfonteln. '..
MORE EFFICIENT
THAN THE BRITISH
BERLIN. Dec. 2S.— The German pr.^.<
continues to comment upon the war lti
South Africa. The Milituir Woehenblatt,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
practicing In this city. He Is M years cf
:iKi- ■■•1 .1 graduate of the Yale College
law school. 1 1.- was for four years
Deputy District Attorney under Charles
K. Snook and served as Police Judge of
Oakland for a f«-w months. He now holds
the very Important place of Deputy At
torney t.cneral umlcr Tirey L. Ford and Is
a lawyer of more than ordinary ability,
with .1 brilliant future before him.
Mrs. Florence Hlythf-llinckley Isi tho
heroine and heiress of the famous lilythe
millions. The story of the IMythe will
contest has been told many tlnvn. and the
subsequent movements of the helr»»s^ of
that fortune have been watched and
chronicled most faithfully am! copiously.
Some yenrs ueo Florence Blythe mar
ri.il Fritz Hlnckley. They went to live
at the Hinckley home on Cppor Frultvala
avenue. Oakland, hut after little more
than a year of married life Mr. Hinckley
died. Mrs. Hlnckley has been a widow
for more than two years.
The friendship that grew up between
Mr. Moon and the young widow » m
very well known and It «aye rise to very
fr«quent stories of their engagement. For
some reason, principally to avoid further
publicity, these stories were always de
nied and an announced engagement was
never made.
Mr. and Mrs A A Moore Jr. will be in
trodtfc
of th.- N '
Mrs. A. A. Moore Sr md 111 .
will be made to .1 , ■ [• w ,n
not ai
■
I'pon th<ir r-
Jr. will take up th<
that !ia-< I •
me tini.
Tl<!-< will
i Aliimeda
i'ounty und will 5....n tlnd .1 v,..m. tl
the military organ, contains a severe criti
cism by a high officer, in which tho
| writer claims that hitherto th.- Doers,
both leader* and men. havo proved far
more efficient In every way than lot Brit
ish. The National Zeltu publishes a
similarly severe article. The Kreuz Zci
tung says editorially:
"The best solution for Germany would
be a peace guaranteeing the Boers their
independence and securing the futuro —
that Is. creating a state whose frontier
touches the sea in order to enable it to
adapt itself to the new times upon which
Africa Is entering. That must be the
policy of the Boen». We do not desire the
British to be wholly expelled from Africa,
but we do not .*«-.• the necessity of making
the entire African Continent British. The
ideas of Cecil Rhodes will split upon the
reck of Boer courage."
The Britl.sh embassy In Berlin author
ized a denial of the report that the Duke
of York and the Duke of Connaught will
attend the chapter of the Order 4 the
Black Eagle next month and be created
knight*. • .:
MACRUM'S EXPLANATION
IS ANXIOUSLY AWAITED
WASHINGTON. Dec. 25.-The case of
Consul Charles K. Macrum. the ntff.l
States representative at Pretoria, who In
sisted upon being relieved at the time the
South African crisis became most acute.
Is assuming additional Importance as Mr!
Macrum n»«ars home. The understanding
at th« State Department I* th.lt he Is not
coming by way of the EiTgllsh. ports but
Is on a German ship which comes through
the Mediterranean and thence direct to
this country, the trip . taking about rlx
weeks from December IS la.«t. the date of
his sailing from Lour Marques. In the
pr«ient aspect of the case thrre Is little
doubt that unless the Consul presents
ami'l* explanation for his course he will
not continue In the consular service. It
has been reported that the mystery,sur
rounding his departure had been cleared
up by .1 letter from him to Representative
Tayler of Ohio, who represents the dis
trict from which Macrum comes and who
secured his appointment as Consul. But
Mr. Tayler said to-day that he had heard
nothing from Macrum except indirectly
through his letters to relatives. These
give no intimation of the cause of his re
turn, but speak of the excitement incident
to the war. and the hurried preparation*2
DETAILS OF THE PLAGUE
SCARE AT HAWAIIAN ISLES
Scourge Now Believed to Be S lamped
Out and Was Confined Solely
to Chinese Quarters.
By HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Dec. IR.-Honolulu has
had a terrible fright. The city has been
visited with a touch of the bubonic
plague. The publlc-splritedness of the
citizens, however, and the prompmess
with which President Henry 11 Cooper of
the Board of Health met the nation
has prevented a calamity.
The first case w:ts reported on the 32th.
tSlnco that date five deaths have been at
tributed to the scourge. Hut one Hawaiian
was attacked, the remaining four cases
Ix-ing con lined to Chinese. A sixth death
was reported on the ttiKht of the nth.
which was at lirst believed to be from the
plague, but which bacteriology has deter
mined was not; so thai there ha\e been
no deaths from the plague since Tuesday,
the 12th. Chinatown, the seat of tne
trouble, is now undergoing a thorough
cleaning and it is believed the BCOQrge
liaw been Mainped out.
The ifixih Artillery has quarantined
against Honolulu. There arc SOU men at
Post Honolulu. They are confined strictly
to camp and not allowed to vit.lt any other
place. The National tJ"3ard ha* instruc
tions to arrest any artillerymen fuund in
town. This is at the request of Major
Mill*.
Colonel Deck of the transport Warren
decided to heave her anchor at about noon
on the ICth and steam away for Manila,
leaving only island boats* in quarantine.
The time limit for development <>f plague
had not elapsed since the men of the War
ren were on shore and all over the in
fected district, but the rargcona on board
the vessel have come doubts that there Is
jtlague hero and in any event the time
"was nearly up. Five days, the period in
which th<» perms* mature In m&st cases,
would expire on the IMh. If cafes develop
the Warren will not bo far from port
and can put back.
There ar« many who believe that the
r^care was unwarranted. The pioneer
Hawaiian:* and the conservative element
among tho mMieal men openly express
the opinion that the public was permitted
to become un-.luly exHtod.
Th** ai.-.rm vras raised on the morning
<->f Tuesday. December 12. when it was
learned that a Chinese bookkeeper had
died. The Chinese doctor in atlt ndance. a
graduate of th<» Tuik; Wnh Hospital of
Hongkonp, expressed th<* opinion to Dr.
Herbert that the ratine of death was bu
bonic plague. Dr. Herbert immediately
notified th« health iru'.horitles. A few
hours afterward a similar rase occurred.
The victim was also a bookkeeper in a
• • rhlng. however.
British in
■km of
STORY OF THE TREATY
WITH PORTUGAL DENIED
RERLIN. TVv. 2*.— Regarding th* state
ment by the I.,okfil Anzclßer that a secret
AngK»-German-Portuguese treaty exists
tor the division of the Portuguese colo
nies In Fouth Aft lea, the correspondent of
the Associated Press is nble to assert on
the highest authority that the story is a
pure fiction. The high official who author
izes this denial made the following decla
ration:
"There is no objection to statlnz that
the understanding had by Great Britain.
Germany and Portugal refers only to
Africa and leaves Asia wholly out of the
account. It Is quite certain, however,
that Germany under no consideration
would conclude, such a bargain with
Portugal as th«- Ix>kal Ar.rclgor nets forth.
Any one with the slightest political sense
ought to see that tht-se tiny enclaves In
thr midst of British India are the last
colonial possessions Germany would
dream of."
LONDON. Dec. 2?.— Tho Standard says
that no rre-dlt should be piven to the ru
mor from Ilrrlin of a Fe-cret Anglo-Ger
man-Pnrtupufso troaty for the partition
of tho colonies of Portugal.
The Standard further says: "Lord Salis
bury would be reluctant to bring pressure
to bear uj>on Portugal except In a case of
urgent necessity. Great Britain would
prefer not to place herself in the invidious
position of using fnrc«» toward another
petty country, and there is no temptation
to raise any further international ques
tions."
WASHINGTON. Dec. a.— Nothing Is
known here of the reported intention of
Great Britain and Gcsqiany to partition
Portuguese Kant Africa between them.
Great Britain taking the country around
IVlagna Bay and southward and Germany
tho northern half of the territory, which
adjoins the German But African posses
rlons. Th«» officials here attach no cre
dence to the story, because, us they point
out. a movement of this kind, disturbing
the balance of power in Africa, would load
nlmnst certainly to serious complications
between the principals and tho other pow
ers of Europe. More'ovor. the old rumor
of a nocret troaty between England and
Portugal, whereby the former might for
a proper consideration possess itself of
IVlagoa Bay whenever the place is needed
for military purposes, has always bven
credited to som«> extent here, and If such
treaty really exists there would be no
need for Germany's participation, as re
ported.
BRITAIN TO PATROL
THE AMERICAN COAST
ial to the
!
patrol
the A
ii and
I
Ani< r
■
One of the officials of the "navy yard
here, when asked by a r< porter if two
war vessels would bo dispatched from th.
Urltish North American scjuadron. de
clared that he knew for an absolute cer
tainty that communications touching
upon the matter had been exchanged be
tween Halifax and the commander of the
fleet at the West Indies. Arrangements
nre being made, he paid, for the dispatch
of at least two vessels to do patrol duty
on the South and North Atlantic coasts.
The cruisers will sail Immediately after
the receipt of Una! orders.
KRUGER CONFIDENT OF
DEFEATING THE BRITISH
i:PAN. Natal. Saturday, Dec. 23_
■ 111. on arriving
from t 1
ndous ova • from
conversation with rmmf>< ■ Trans
vaal Kxer-utiv. I • ir. toria he
Ban the war
with I Kru
«*r I- ■ thai Gr. at Britain
will | ice.
In the highest Transvaal circles. Mr
Churchill asserts, there Is serious talk of
h compromi.se. by which Great Britain
would cede the territory now occupied by
the armies of the two republics, pay an
'ademaity of £20,000,000 (1100,000,000) and
prominent Chinese firm, a block distant.
Both men had been residents of the coun
try for upward of twelve months, and so
far as has been learned were cleanly and
healthy men and never handled Oriental
freight. Their I lies were carried away
and cremated after an autopsy had been
held, at which among others was present
Dr. Carmichael of the United Stut«-s ma
rine hospital corps.
At noon of the same day President
Cooper summoned a meeting of the Board
of Health. Volunteer sanitary inspectors
were called for. Twenty blocks consti
tuting the Asiatic quarters were quaran
tined by the National • lard, and the Is
land steamers were prohibited from leav
ing the port. Every precaution was taken
to prevent the spread of the disease.
There was a room to room Inspection of
the premises In the quarantined district,
a gathering up and burning of th.- refuse
and garbage, a general disinfecting and
purification, and all done under the per
sonul supervision of the young men who
controlled the alleged cholera epidemic of
Then a South Sea Islander died of the
same symptoms. His premises were
Quarantined. All persons dying from sim
ilar symtoms were cremated. The board
ordered a crematory to be erected on
Quarantine Island.
A woman died. For ten years she had
suffered from an ailment from which
death frequently results In similar symp
toms. In the haste of the moment It was
declared to be the plague and her body
was burned.
Bacteriologist Dr. Walter Hoffman, a
young but conscientious man. declared It
not to be -the plague, but the disease
which 1 have su;>ernclally Indicated. A
suit consequently— she being Hawaiian
has been brought by her relatives to re
cover $">fl.Ooo damages for cremating* the
body without their consent.
On Saturday evening the medical asso
ciation of Hawaii met to dl?*cuss the situ
ation. There was a large attendance and
a division of opinion. Dr. Hoffman, the
bacteriologist of the Board of Health,
said:
"I have made a positive diagnosis. I
think, and I am positive we had a case of
plague in this Chinaman. I have no doubt
In saying that these bacilli are the bacilli
of the plague."
Four other physicians present stated
that there had been no plague.
This afternoon the Board of Health will
i again meet, and the Indications are that
the quarantine will be declared off from
I Chinatown and the city be declared clenn.
acknowledging the complete independence
of the Transvaal.
FOR AIDING THE BOERS.
DURBAN, Natal, Dae V.— A German
r named Stucke and the Rev. Mr.
p of th>- Hanoverian Mis
sions in Natal, hnvi- been arrest, d at
Esirnurt on the charge of aiding th«»
They both claim the protection of
Germany.
EUGENE DEUPREY IS
WEDDED IN RENO
United to Mrs. Florence Craig and
Departs as Soon as the Cere
mony Is Performed.
RENO. New. Dec. 2S.— Eugene Deuprey
of San Francisco was married here this
morning to Mrs. Florence Craig. The
couple arrived on the early morning train
from the west, registered at the Riverside
Hotel in chirograph}' altogether undeciph
erable, telephoned for ■ minister, procured
a license, had the ceremony performed
and departed for the. west on the next
train.
Heno Is the Mecca for recently divorced '
Caltfornians desiring to try again, and
through the experience of Mr. Cheek,
clerk of the Riverside, such matters are
promptly attended to; but it Is seldom
that such expedition can be attained. Mr.
Deuprey lost no time In making known
what he wanted, and Mr. Cheek obligingly
attended to th- details, and in a very
short time the wedding party, consisting
of the pastor of the First Congregational
Church. Mr. Cheek for best man and an
other witness, assembled in the private
parlors of the Riverside Hotel, and the
apparently happy pair were prompt pro
nounced husband and wife. Happily the
westbound train was late and Mr. and
Mrs. : " uprey left for the west this fore
noon.
CONGRESSMAN BOUTELLE
IS RESTING EASILY
Relative Announces That His Trouble
Is Congestion of the Brain,
Due to Overwork.
BOSTON. Dec 28.— While the officials
of th<» McLean Hospital are extremely
reticent in the matter of giving details as
to the condition of Congressman C. A.
Boutelle of Maine, it was stated in re-
FiKinbe to an Inquiry to-night that Mr.
lioutelle had passed a very comfortable
day and that he was not considered In
any immediate danger.
A relative of Mr. lioutelle is quoted as
Faying that the latter' trouble is conges
tion" of the brain, the. result of continued
strain and overwork in connection with
his official duties. His condition previous
to the removal to the hospital was such
that at times he became delirious and It
was difficult to keep him under "Control.
It was deemed best under the circum
stances to place him in an Institution
where he could receive the best possible
treatment, and the McLean Hospital at
Waverley was selected as such a place.
The relative above mentioned expresses
confidence that the patient will quickly
recover and be able In the near future to
resume his duties at Washington.
■ — •• —
HIGHBINDER WAR FEARED.
Yong Yos Complain of Persecution
by King Owyang.
PAN HAFAKI.. Dec. 28.— The persecu
whtCfl the unfortunate Yong Yo Com
; - ?.«h< men are meeting with be
■if th<ir refusal to . mbine
• • r. -d l>y King Owyang, late vice
at San Francisco, is exciting a
of Indignant comment among
MiZens of this place, and there is
talk of the BMtter being brought to the
attention of the Grand Jury. King Ow
yang is ambitious of rivaling the Cau
trust magnates, and the thought of
(forts to form a shrimp eombi:
ing frustrated by the refusal of the Yong
■ gain the alliance of the Six •• l ,m
panies has driven him to seek this means
of bringing th.-m to time. Several charges
are alr.ady pending against the Tong XOS,
oe oi anchoring net
■ f allowing them to drift may result
in several . onviitlons to San Quentln
At about M O'clock this morning John
constable of SausalUo, left for the
village of San Pedro, and returned with
about ten <>:estlalfi. They were taken
c of the Peace and released
\ds. The hatred felt by the
combine toward the Yong Yos Is so strong
that It Is feared a highbinder war will be
declared In the fishing village, in which
a heavy loss of life is almost lnevi-
Klni Owyang is determined to
! rm a monopoly, and will not hesitate to
w • k the aid of hatchetmen to remove any
obstacles that may stand between him
• and his ambition.
A Whiz With a Cyclone.
In the cyclone countries the wind gener
ally hap everything Its own way when
fairly started, and does all Ports of tricks
on th. order of transplanting towns, etc
Hut the best out is a man who rode ■
bucking cyclone for nearly a mile and yet
came out on top and alive. Read in next
Sunday s Call how he managed to do it
and lust what the sensation was. You
might like to try it yourself some day!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1899.
HAVOC WROUGHT BY THE RECENT
EARTHQUAKE IN SAN JACINTO
Riverside County Hospital.
THE accompanying photograph?,
made especially for The Call, serve
to illustrate the terrible havoc
wrought in Ban Jacinto early
Christmas morning by the most se
vere earthquake felt In the south
ern portion of the State in many years.
Although almost every building in the
city was ruined by the seismic disturbance,
the loss of life was, fortunately, very
small. An adobe building in which a num
ber of aged squaws were holding a Christ
mas celebration collapsed. Six were killed
outright and many injured. Of those, two
died on the following day. This was the
only loss of life. /
The loss of property, however, was very
great. Heavy timbers. and tons of loose
plaster ruined the stcck in almost 'every
Store in the city, and prosperous mer
chants find themselves almost pennlles*.
The wooden buildings, as usual, resisted
the strain better than the brick struct-.
ures, but the majority of these are hope
lessly sprung. Tthe brick buildings pre
sent a sorry sight. All are cracked from
top to bottom, and in most cases the wa ||
spread so much that the roofs fell in.
A special providence seemed to watch
over the patients In the County Hospital
in South San Jacinlo. The build ss
ruined and must be torn down, but not one
of the helples invalids was Injured. Their
escape is considered almost miraculous.
1 ROGER
CONFINED !1
1 ASYLUM
Continued from FlrFt Pa**.
borne he obtained from her a remittance .
went to London and Ived by her
us h<-r son, though- repudiated by the rest
of the family, bhc supplied him liberally
with money to collect witness* and ln
formatUm to be used in establishing his
Identity.
Lady Tichborne died in 1W! and In l^Tl
the "('lulmant' 1 began suit In ejectment
for th.- recovery "f the- Tichbori
which amounted to som^ £24,000 j
The trial lasted in days. !!•• w.i^ non
suited and afterward was am Bted and
tried on a charge of perjury. This trial
lasted ii v *> t'.ny.-. He was round guilts ;ir "'
ced to fourt< en y. ,ir>' penal
tude.
Sinro the sentence of Castro, or Orton.
the question as to whether Roger Charles
Tichborne was living < >r dead has
been rtlscwsscrfl. and the whole matter <<t
his disappearance and alleged reaj
ance was gradually p;u«sing from the
minds of tht- p\iblio.
OF INTEREST TO
THE PACIFIC COAST
Colonel H. B. Freeman at the Pre
sidio Is Slated for a Brig-adier
Generalcy.
WASHINGTON. Dee. ■.— Colonel Vyee
man of the Twenty-fourth Infantry will
reUrr January 17, IStt, and there is every
probability that he will reach the grade
of brigadier general long: before that
date. The policy adopted by the War De
partment since the advent of Secretary
Root at its head has been to give the
highest possible rank to army officers
who have distinguished themselves before
their retirement. A large number of ofll
een are to be retired soon, and opportuni
ties will be afforded to live Colonel Free
man a star. His long and faithful service
i~ recognized by the department, and at
the tirpt opportunity he will be rewarded,
but promotions are made now in order of
precedence and Colonel Freeman will
doubtless come in his turn.
The death of General Lawton has made
a vacancy in the regular establishment,
which will be filled soon. The officer pro
moted will retire within a short time and
create a new vacancy. it li the policy of
the department to advance officers who
have come up from the line, as has Colo
nel Freeman. He entered the army as a
private in 1855, and is not a West Pointer.
This record will commend him to Secre
tary Root, who looks at merit and not the
source from which a soldier comes. He
will also receive the indorsement or Gen
eral Miles, who Is himself a product of
the ranks and not of West Point. <
The omnibus claims bills introduced by
Senator Teller, v which include claims
of California for $3,951,915 and of Oregon
for $335,152, will probably be among the
first to be considered by the Senate. This
bill would have passed last Congress had
Delegations from the coast been unani
mously favorable, but lack of unanimity
caused its failure in the House. Senators
White and Perkins succeeded In passing
the bill through the Senate.
Senator Perkins is confident that the
claim will pass the Senate and there la
hardly any doubt but that the House will
allow the matter to go before the Court of
Claims. Representative Neednam is a
member of this committee and is giving
the matter his full attention.
The following Pacific Coast claims are
also among Items in Teller's bill:
To Frank and Susan F. de la Torre,
heirs of Peter de la Torre, deceased, late
District Attorney for the Northern Dis
trict of California, $10,000 for extraordi
nary service rendered during the years
1857 to 1559 inclusive in defending the title
of the United States to public property
in California: to William A. Starkweather
of Oregon $2170; to legal representatives
of the estate of Alexander W. Baldwin
late United States District Judge, Ne
vada, $624 for Internal revenue tax illeg
ally collected on his salary as said offi
cer, and to J. W. Adams, superintendent
of the Mint at Carson. New, $301.
G. W. Cox was to-day appointed post
master at Reiff, Lake County, vice John
ReifT. resigned. Also William Dunstona
at Wyandotte. vice H. S. Thatcher, re
signed.
Dr. J. J. Medros has been appointed
pension examining surgeon at Oakland
and Dr. W. T. Smith at McMinnvllle
Pensions: California— Original — James
Colegrove. Verdugo. $6; John S. Bobbin*.
Newhall. $6. Increase— Frank A. Noyea
Jr.. Riverside. $6 to $10. Mexican War.
widow— Harriet Bradley, Grangeville $8
Oregon — Reissue — Thomas 11. Clark'
Wasco. $2. Original widow, special ac
corded December I&— Catharine Boyd Ba
ker Hill, $S. '
Washington— Philander Bur
gett, Centralla. $6. Additional — Jacob
Dabler. Tacoma, $6 to $3. \ Increase—
Knowles, Lakeside. $6 to $12
Shortridge Files Answer.
BAN JOSE, Dec. 28.— Attorney Samuel
Block of Wrecked Stores.
The total loss of property at San Ja
cinto and the neighboring town of Hemet
Is estimated al at U ast V-t/iOu. and may go
considerably above this figure. Among
M. ShurtriiiK- . wh.i with his blttther, Sen
ator C. >!. Bbortridgi are defendant in
;t Bull on i-rniiii.--M.ry mites
by W. a. Nevllls, to-day filed ■ bill of par
ticulars In n. For profeMlona]
■ervlcea b<- claims an offset of tv>
in which
f'-rs ;.p defending N trills from procecutlon
by tli' G ij Ing timber cut
■"I (;>>\. rnm< it lan and also In the mat
ter <<( . nts bj W. H .\l.ir
un n. Us' chars
MANILA RAILWAY CAN
PAY NO DIVIDEND
Claims for Dai:. ages Aggregating
About $170.1X0 to Be Presented
This G )vernment.
..LONDON. Dec. 2«..— The directors of the
Manila Hallway Company, limited, an
nounce, the suspension or Interest on the
prior 'lien bonds. They point out that no
revenue Is available, it.- iht- line has been
in tin- possession of the insurgents or the
Americans sino* February last. They
also aver th?i the United States Govern
ment li liable for the guaranteed, inter
est, having assumed sovereignty over the
Philippine
The company has claims aggregating
£34,000 against the United States.
WILL OF MILLIONAIRE
JOHN I. BLAIR FILED
Leaves $45,000 to an Academy He
Founded and Various Sums to
Other Institutions.
NEW YORK, Dei H The will of the
late John 1. Blair was offered for probate
in the Surrogate's office at Belvtdare, N.
J.. to-day, by his only surviving child.
Dewitt C. Blair. The document is very
\<>na and characteristic of the man in
many ways. It was executed on March 6,
1 ■».•». when Mr. KUtr was 7t» yt-ars of age.
contains no codicils and so far as known
is the only will he ev< 1 executed.
A large number of small bequests and
trusts are made to various friends and
connections, many of which have lapsed
by death By the terms of Mr. Blair's will
th" Blair Presbyterian Academy at Blairs
town, N. J., which Mr. Blair founded and
maintained for many years, is given the
fum of 146,000. The Presbyterian church
at Blalrstown receives 110,000; the Oxford
church 115,000 and the Methodist church
$1000. To each of his daughter's children
he giv.-.- cash and bonds to the amount of
: Fidue of the estate goes to
the testator's sun. Dewltl C. Blair, who
is named as sole executor and trustee
and In both capacities vested with the
fullest powers.
NATIVES PUNISHED.
Sailors Burn Villages in the New
Hebrides.
VANCOUVER, B. <". Dec. 25.-At the
request of the missionaries of the New
Hebrides group s punitive expedition has
been sent from Sydney to Tanna by Ad
miral Pearson Of the BritlHh navy. Ad
vicen of the outrages by the natives
brought here a month ago by the steamer
Warrimoo are duplicated by the latest
Australian papers culminating in the at
tempted massacre of all the white mis
sionaries and the actual murder of a na
tive teacher. Th<» warship Wallaroo was
sent to Tanna. but the blacks got word of
the vessel's apn.ach and escaped to tin
interior, which Is inaccessible for whites.
The villages where the offenders resided
were burned by bluejackets.
Revenue Launch Sinks.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 28.— A special to
the Oregonteß from Astoria says: The
steam launch of the United States reve
nue cutter Commodore ivrry was sunk
this evening by running on the Sylvia de
rock- about 000 yards from shore.
The Perry was lying near Tongue Point
and the launch put off with five men on
board t<» brir.K hack some of the officers
who were in this city. Soon after strik
ing the launch began to fill. A fisherman
on Bhore heard the distress signals and
reached the wreck in a small boat hist in
time to take the men off before the launch
sank.
Says His Boat Was Stolen.
SAN RAFAEL, Dee. 25.-A young man
| of Alnmeda. who says his name Is Ju ius
C. Hack, arrived here this morning in
, company with three members of the Oak
! land police force to search for a missii;g
boat. The sloop, which is called the N-l
lie C, has been anchored in a creek near
the powder works for some time. The
four men whom Hack accuses of purloin
ing it have been spending their time In
hunting and fishing. Back is very reticent
in giving details of the alleged theft arid
it is thought locally that he has been in
; dulging in a "pipe dream." The niyst—
I rious thieves of tli<> craft have vanished.
To Enlarge Yolo.
WOODLAND. Dec. 2S.— From a reliable
source it is learned that an organization
is in process of formation among the
farmers of Northern Snlano the purpose
of which is to urge the passage of a bill
by the next Legislature annexing all of
Tremont and Sllveyvllle townships to Vulu
County.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Hrotno Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists rtrund the money If tt falls to cur*.
E. W. Grove's signature ta on each box. 2Cc.
REAR OF MAC BEATH BLOCK.
Photographs by F. H. Roger» of San Jaeinto.
ASHFORD ALLEGES FRAUD.
Wants the Sale of the Mining Com
pany's Property Stopped.
SAN JOSE. Pec. i:s.— Action that prom
ises many sensations and at the same
time will interest mining men was com
menced here to-day by H. J. Ashford.
one of the first prospectors who found
gold at Randsburg, Kern county, against
the Ashford Mining: Company to hay. .\
Judgment by default f"r $m ■ • !«- and
ih. -ail- of tin eonDuy'i property un
der execution ■topped. The suit charges
Thomas A Hull, president "f the com
pany, and Charles A. bull, his son. who
brought ihe Milt, with < orisplring to ob
tain Judgment against the Ashford Min
ing Company with the ultim.it.' purpose
of purchasing the property ol the corpor
ation. Ashford charges thut the ku.ti
moni was served <>n Thomas A. Bull as
president, by Attorney C. L. Witt.-n. af
it-r Bull had disposed of his interest in
the company, and that he had no right
to confess Judgment and that the stock
holders had no notice of the matter until
the property was advertised for sale by
notice being posted en the grunds.
The affidavit of J. J. Miller -hows that
Bull bad transferred on February 3. iv/ 7,
all bis Interest in the company to him,
and thai Mull's son at that time had no
claim against the corporation
Ashford claims that be has examined
th.- account of Charles A. Hull and rinds
it to b- only JO ir stead of *«>&7.
DREDGER AT ALVISO.
Work of Improving the Slough Will
Be Begun at Once.
BAN JOSH. Dee IS, The <!re,jger which
is to be used in GOVSMMMOA work at Al
viso has arrived at that place 1 after many
vexatious experiences, and the* deepening
and straightening; of Alviso Slough win
DOW be rushed. Work should have com
menced December 1. but Engineer Heuer
granted an extension of time. Twice after
being completed the dredger sank in San
Francisco Bay by not being loaded prop
erly. Improvement must be completed by
June 1, lyoo, and, while other contractors
d«»ubt the machine's ability. Contractor E.
V. McCann Is confident he will be through
by that time. The dredger Is the Inven
tion of J. Jordan, a wealthy man of Oak
land, and he Is so confident of his ma
chine's worth that he has backed Mo
('aim. The contract price Is a little over
$13. <»>". about one-fourth of the Govern
ment appropriation <»f $4vonn f.>r the work.
When the improvement is completed Al
viso Channel will have a width of from
sixty to eighty feet at the bottom and a
depth of seven f<>et below low title- This
will give nineteen feet at hleh tide. The
I'."anl of Trade and other organizations
are making an effort to have the balance
of the $4vO<v> expended in further improv
ing the slough.
GUARANTEE "OPEN DOOR."
All of the European Governments
Save Russia Hake Reply.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2S.— A special to the
Record from Washington says: All of the
European governments except Russia
have notified the Department of State
that they are prepared to give in writing
the guarantees required some weeks ago
by the merchants and manufacturers of
an "open door" for trade in the markets
of China wherever their "spheres of in
fluence" extend.
Fell Over a Banister.
FRESNO, Dec. 23.— While playing in the
hallway on the second floor of the Fresno
National Bank building last night Paul
Staniford. the 5-year-old son of Mr. and
Mrs. George Staniford. fell over the ban
ister to the ground floor, a distance of
about thirty feet. He was picked up un
conscious, with blood oozing from his
ears. To-night the little fellow is partly
conscious, but Drs. Dunn and Maupin
have little hopes of his recovery.
Does Not Seek Re-election.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Dec. 25.-At the
gathering of Illinois Republicans for their
annual love feast a bombshell was ex
ploded this evening by the declaration of
Governor John R. Tanner that he was
not -a candidate for re-election.
the sufferers the property of the Stnte
Bank was damaged to the extent of $J*X>:
the Hemet Hotel. $5000; Hemt-t Milling
Company. $4200. Aside from this mer
chants estimate their losses at from $100
to $2500.
Slight shocks continued Intermittently
for two days, hut did very little damage.
The citizens took the calamity with bet
ter grace than might \>^ expected, and at
once went to work with a wilt to clear
iiway the wreckage and rebuild ih»-lr
ruined town. The day following the e.irih
quake hundreds of residents of neighbor
ing cities flocked into San Jacinto a ! ul
Hi m- t and offered their assistance,
who had wealth at their command r«ad:!y
opened their purses". Others pledged them
to supply provisions, and others,
who had nothing but warm hearts and
wining hands. Joined tho ranki <-f the
workers on the ruined buildings.
In \ lew of the pfOgTCM already n I
i? safe to say that witliin a few months
the disaster of Christmas m<>rninsr will t>»»
only a memory, and the little towns will
have resumed their accustomed air of
activity and prosperity.
Jusf a few words dk^s\
about our clothing soß^
tell as much as a H7^ Im
whole column. ft -^Ll
When it bears our
name you know it >^jflBn2l?w
breasted /lifl^f^®^
blue serge " .||Mff
You may know by 111 Iff vjyrlj
that simple state- |jj| \\\\
ment that it is a || ill ||I|^|
good value at a low ||| V [fj[J
price; and your IJ|H ||||
money will be re- JSj] . n| '
turned if you are y/^^^^.^ jm ~
not satisfied. 63E!==£gs?^
Boys' Clothing.
We are now offering special values in this departnent,
prior to stock-taking-it will pay every mother to visit us.
r«n*- * ! We have some balls and bats left, which w will
continue to give away with every suit or overcoat.
• .—. — 'rrrh"K
Out-of-town order* filled; write v, for illustrated catalogue Nc2>
718 Market Street.
STAMPEDE TO
INDIAN RIVER
Valuable Ledges oi Gold
Discovered.
•
"SWIFTWATER" LEADS rnRTf
♦
WILL TRY TO OBTAIN A I!
DRAULIC CONCESSION.
♦
Miners Also Report That Valuft,
Claims May Be Staked on
Almost Any Part of Jack
Wade Creek.
Sik-cUI Pifpntrh to Th« OA
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 23.— Advlc ■■,
from Dawaon as late as December j ;
dlcate considerable mining activity li th..
district. The latest stampede Is to a h!B
bench on the right limit of Indian River,
about twenty miles up th« stream. Th
leader of an expedition that went with
several dog teams to the new discovery
is ••Swiftwater" IMii Gates. The discov
erers were two prospectors named R o
erts and O'Kourk. who *ank a hole twen y
feet and panned from the gravel at ti •
bottom from !> to I 1) cents per pan. Tho> i
men staked claims and brought fort,
pounds of gravel Into Dawson for Gate*.
After panning It he saw v big oppor
tunity for a nydraullc concession. Ttu:
news of the strike noon leaked out arM
various expeditions at once set out fror.j
I >.i» .-'in.
K. E. Tschepen of Forty Mile was in
Dawson on LVcember 1 an<l reported new
strikes on Jack Wade Creek. In an In
terview he s«ald:
"Jack Wade Cre*>k is responding all
along the line to anything like a persist
ent search for the pay streak. The hill
sides are also developing i>ay. Two new
strikes were made wltl.m a week befor-
I left. One was on the bench opposjt-
No. 1 below lower on the right limit. la
this case the prospectors went dowrk
through twenty-two feet of solid Ice an<l
struck gravel at the bottom of the h<ilo
containing good pay. On creek claim No.
5 above upper, rich prospects have at* »
been found. Jack Wade will be thorough
ly prospected this winter and In the.
spring many who now think of going from
the Klondike to Cape Norn« will turn u;>
at Jack Wade."
Joe McCarty. Chaunccy Duffy and Ed
Marlon arrived at I'awson from Circle
City the fore part of December. They
brought corroboration of the story of the
big strfke on the Koyukuk Itiver. A
stampede resulted to Myrtle Creek, which
enters the river at a point eighty mIW.-i
above the town of I'cavy. Good pay dirt
was found and from one to seven ouncen
per man per day was taken out. Myrtle
Creek Is described as being twenty mile*
long, with good prospects found at sev
eral different points along its length. I'ay
has also been found on a tributary of
Myrtle Creek, which is nine miles lonjf.
NEW TRANS-ATLANTIC LINE.
Six Splendid Steamers to Fly Be
tween New York and Liverpool.
NEW YORK. Doc. 2*.— The announce
ment was mndo to-day that arrangements*
had been completed by Frederick Leylar.d
& Co., Ltd.. of Liverpool, for the estah
ll»hm»-nt of a weekly passenger strum
ship service between New York and Liv
erpool. This new line, which will con
stitute the most Important addition to
trans-Atlantic service In recent years,
will have in operation within two months
six big vessels and will conduct a weekly
service slmllnr in methods to those of
the. Atlantic Transport line, now running
between this port and London.
Smallpox Among Indians.
SPOKANE. Dec. 2S.— A telephone mes
sage received hero to-night reports that
smallpox has broken out among the In
dians on the. unuth half or the Colvlllo
reservation. - - , .DEAD of the MAINE REST in their NATIVE LAND.
WASHINGTON. Dec. rs.-TTpon the
\/\J windy h. !sht* of Arlington Cein-
VV ♦ :<tv the Maine dead, brought
from Havana by the battleship
Texas, to-day were laid away In
their final resting places with simple re
ligious rervtces an.l th.> Impressive honors
"f war, in the presence of the President;
members at his Cabinet, officers of the
army and navy and other ofllcers <<f the
Government: A Cabinet officer, surveyf
lnc tho fl.ig-drnped coffins before th«»
ceremony began] »«aid: "The lives of those
mr»n cost Spain her colonies." Hut there
was no noto of triumph in the CTim scene
t->-day. With a touch of sadness and sol
emn gravity ihe nation p.rfornv <I its duty
to tli<- dead and gave Its defenders a
Christian burial at home In soil hallowed
by patriotic dead.
A soft nianth- of snow covered the j
earth. muCUnic the beat of the horses' \
h<.ofs, tin- .*lo\v turning carriage wheels j
:«nd the trnmp of soldiers and sailors as !
•.hoy aj.;ir. . i( hid tho burial plare. The j
sit* Ik a commanding one. In front, the j
broad bosom <>f the lecsfettered Potomac
River: beyond. the shaft of Washington.
the dome of the Capitol and the sprawl-
Ing elty; to th<> rijxht. the choked rm
brasurea <>f old Fort McPherson, and be- i
tween. the graves of th« heroic dead of
Santiago; to the left, the stately munslon J
«>f Lee and to the rear through the vistas
«'f snow-laden pines j.rd cedars the silent
iirrtiy «»f the patriotic dead of the clv!l
war s!e.-pir.g rank upon rank in their last
bivouac. The caskets Interred to-day
ranged row on row. Over each was |
Fpread an American ensign, upon which
lay a wreath of galax leaves. Around the '
enclosure, shoulder to shoulder, the yel
low nf their coat linings forming a band I
of color, were drawn up the cavalry of j
Tort Myer; to th»- rigl.t was a battalion
Of marines from the navy yard, with their
ppiked helmets and scarlet capes turned
baric; to the loft a detachment of Jackies
from the Texas In t.avy blue; In the flan- !
draped stand in th.« rear, the President
and his Cabinet. Admiral Dewey. Major
• Jcner&l Miles and a distinguished croup
of army and navy officers In their showy
dress uniforms, while around pressed the i
throng cf people, who had braved the)
fnow and biting cold to pay th*lr last |
respects to the dead. ; Among these wero ;
many relatives cn-l fri«-nds of those who \
h.id been lost In the «3isaster.
There was a tender appropriateness In !
the fact that Captain Slgsbee, who was i
In command of the Maine when she was j
Mown up. had charge of the ceremonies
in honor <>f his men and that Father Chid- i
wick, who was chaplain of the Maine, was
there to perform th»> last rites. Three
..:h.-rs who lived through that awful
night in Havana harbor were at the side j
<>t the graves of th<-ir comrades— Licuten- !
;j.nt Commander Walnwright. who eras ex- '
acutlve offlcer «>f the Maine and who sank i
th«- r'Mii«»n «n<l the Furor at Santiago; j
lieutenant F. C. liuwen«. who was assist- 1
ant engineer of the Maine, and Jeremiah !
Shea, a tircman on the Maine, who was j
blown out cf th«- stokehole of the ship I
t!.rouKh # the debris, scaping uninjured i
mo*t miraculously.
Slowly, solemnly the full marine hand |
broke the deep hush, putting forth the I
sad. sweet strains of the dirffe. "Safe in
the Arms of Jesus." and there were
twitching of lips and wet eyes as Chaplain
Clerk <>f the Naval Academy at Annapolis
came forward and took his place under a
canvns-covcred shelter In the open rpace
in front <>f th«* dead.
The Protestant services were very slm- I
pl»\ Chaplain <Jlerk read the burial ser- '
vice of tho episcopal church and then
}T«ve way to father Chldwick. who was |
aFslsted by Rev. Father* l^lolnd and
Urown and two purple-robed acolytes.
"With head bared to wintry blasts, the j
Maine's chaplain read a memorial service j
according to the rites of the Catholic j
church, consigned the dead, blessed the j
{.-round, repeated tho lord's prayer and !
concluded with a fervent appeal for the
repose of the souls of the departed.
A detachment of marines in command
nf Captain Kormony then marched to the
rlcht <t the craves and flrrd three volleys
over the dead, and In the <Wp stillness
that followed the crash the clear silvery
FREIGHT MATTER
IS REFERRED
Evidence Now Is With
Attorney General.
Sr>*cla.l Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON. Doc. 2S.— To-day the
Interstate Commerce Commission. In
compliance "with the request of freight
shippers and representatives of the com
m< rclal Interests, transmitted to Attorney
General GriOsT» a transcript of the evl
<Vr.c«> taken at the h«»arinc last -week tc
'■ reeling the new classification of railway
Jt'-ißht ratrs. The proposed classification
l« to be made on January 1 by all rail
road* u.'ln* the ofllclal classification.
T* include more than Flxty lines east
of th« Mississippi, north of the Ohio and
Potomac rivers.
The i.o:itlon of the shippers was that
th« commission should transmit the ovl
<l»-nc«« taken before It to the Attorney
Mineral with a recommendation that he
•fyUtute !<gnl proceedings by injunction
OVOthcrwUe to restrain the roads from
T»;\tlng the new classification Into effect.
Toy he reqwiit of the shippers tho com
mlwon Irt part complies. The evidence
fliid\krK«m'i;t» arc transmitted to the At
tr<rn«y General, but without recommenda
tion.\Th<« lettor of transmittal. which Is
MRncl Or the f-ommisKlon by Martin A.
Knapl «m chairman, expr^sed no opinion
t* to li« claims of the petitioner that the
*( tir.nof the rnilway companies is in >io
iatlon if the Sherman anti-trust law. In
< • r-du&tn the letter Rays:
The jAfKtin* chSri>T« astrrt th*t the In
rr«*s».^^ 1 :•■ -:.\i- to the mtrnt BfT«^te<J by thr»«
'h»njn li c!af*inr»tlon »re without Juttlnc&
tit>n and kill rrmlt In rxcfn,\\+ charcei on
mi«t. If At all. of th* artkiMi Jn qurstinn.
T».»y «J»r> .-1-j— that hard#lii!> and Injustice will
lurttwr rr»4t from thr chansps which will Ixi'
rr!«a» In ihAr»-lailon <>f ruti-a. ?s;«-ria]ly from
t_».e tnrr<-a*^\n th^ Aitttrrnc* 1., tut on carload
«nd i>~t* th.i carload ch&rcm. Jf the con
tention !n th<\> rcrp^rtu I* w<>l| foundfd, At. to
wM'-h «•« < \\.\~* no opinion, a wronj; |«' about
to \<v urcatnpV h««d whlrii the roßunlnslon In
(k<»'<tlmi» to Plvent and for which the act to
r«-ru!ate »v;intr.>W afTordii no ade<;uat<» r<»<lrc««.
Tfi< f«rt« atxy ret forth are irubmltted for
your ooiiildcratlVi.
Attorney G«:iral Gricrn. who is ill to
«»■>•. has glvrnVr.o intlmfttion yet as to
wi.at jn tion. if \ny. he may take in the
PTunlsca. Noce\:trtly he will have to
frv.ew the tcMlniny licfore he can reach
an inttlllffent collusion. In any event.
notes of ■i bugle rang out the soldiers 1
ar.d sailors* last good-night.
With the sounding of taps the cere
monies '•■•'■■ d The President and his
party and other distinguished guests, the
military and the crowds then withdrew.
Before leaving Captain Slgsbee Introduced
Jeremiah Shea to the President. When
r.sked for an explanation of the mystery
<-f his escape by the President Shea re
sponded as be did to a similar Inquiry
from Father Chldwick at the time of the
disaster: "I don't know bow I got
through. 1 was blown out. I guess I
must have been an armor-piercing projec
tile."
DEED THAT STIRRED
THE AMERICAN NATION
Destruction of the Maine, the Notatle
Events That Followed, Closing With
the Last Honors to the Departed
Heroes Yesterday.
YESTERDAY was a day of mourn
ing for the nation, for in the
national cemetery of Arlington ih.
bodies of the murdered sailors of
the Maine were interred in ever
lasting rest. The sad and solemn rites
performed by a sorrowing nation over its
dead possessed a d*ep and worthy mean
ing to every man woman and child In the
I'nited States. Millions of people saw in
sympathy of thought and In mental pic
ture the sad procession that made its way
through the avenues of Arlington. Millions
of American dtxens again felt the horror
of the tragedy. that, by war and destruc
tion and death to American sroldierß. is
Still a living dread, and not a memory of
national sadness.
In countless homes, where war has
brought the sorrows of death, the eero
monies yesterday meant the closing scene
of a national tragedy that was to become
the beginning of ■:■■:■ saddest trials.
Poantlers thousands of Americans Knr-w
ycrterday. with sadder meaning than they
feared on February 16. IS^S. what th.- de
struction of the Maine would cost in lives
and money and national dignity; for many
thourands of lives have been lost and the
sacrifice is not yet over. Millions of dol
lars have been spent and the expenditure
Is not yet ended. National dignity has
been defended, but it has not yet been
won
The burial of the saiiors at Arlington,
therefore, was something far more deeply
significant than a proof that America hon
ors and respects its dead. It taught more
than one object lesson in national life ar.d
policy, and recalled many scenes that
have stirred the people of two nations.
When President McKlnley. in his annual
rm-ssage in December, ISItT. declared *bat
the butchery of Cuban reconeentrados by
Spanish soldiers must stop, the wisest in
the nation could not foresee the Issue.
The war in Cuba bad degenerated into
savage slaughter of human beings. Amer
icans had been excited nnd angered into
sympathy for the oppressed Cubans, but
few believed thnt the United States would
take* up arms n«ainst the oppressor.
When the President Issued a call to
Americans to aid the stnrvlnff reconeen
trados and subscriptions poured into New
York and other ports the cloud of ap
it is hM, it will be several OiLys before
• ■ rm!n<*d.
PRINCIPAL WITNESS
IN MOLINEUX CASE
Harry Cornish Tells of His Receipt
of the Poison Which Killed Mrs.
Adams.
NSW YORK, Dee. ■.— lr.trnse Interest
Ik now sd^ed to the trial of Roland B.
Mollncux because of the appearance on
!he witness stand of Harry S. Cornish,
whom the pr<iFon whlrh killed Mrs.
Adams was sent through the malls. Cor
nish was on the stand late this afternoon
and his examination, which promises to
develop Many things not yet made pub
.:r. win probably continue for Feveral
with Interruptions here and there
fur other wltn<-
Cornish told to-day of the receipt by
himself of the famous silver holder and
bottle of poison and he reviewed the story
of Mrs. Adam*' death by the supposed
"brona seltzer" which he had adminis
tered to h*r when she was ill.
Just as Cornish's testimony was begin
ninc to be interesting the Recorder ad
journed the case until to-morrow. The
handwriting experts pave way to-day to
the physician. Dr. Phillips, who attended
both H. C Barnett before his death and
Harry S. Cornish. He attributed the ill
ness of Cornlßh to mercurial poison and
the death of liarnctt to the same agent.
The name ■i -. rneti was not emitted
to l>e received in the testimony or placed
on the lecords. but a mythical "A. B."
was adopted instead, and all the symp
toms exhibited by Harnett during Ills Ill
ness were described by Dr. Phillips and
accepted as testimony.
Dr. Coffin; who also attended these men
during their illness, corroborated the tes
timony of Dr. Phillips as far as it related
to the symptom* and Indorsed the diag
nosis made by that physician.
Another witness to-day was John D.
Adam irv of the Knlcker
: Athletic Club. His testimony dealt
With th<» relat:- • • < orolsfa and
Molineux and with the various gu.irrtlr<
that liad occurred at tli.it club.
INJUNCTION ASKED.
Suit to Prevent Union of Wagner and
Palace Car Companies.
CHICAGO, Dee, ML Objection to the
propodM n.. rKir.g of the Wagner Palaco
Car Company into the Pullman Pal are
c.«r Company on the ground that it will
a trust In and monopoly <>f the
:g and parlor car business is made
vil fli«d to-day In the circuit court
by Truman A. Tyler of Alton. 11l , one i
the shareholders of the Pullman Com
pany. T)i< complainant asks that an In
junction of the court Issue to restrain the
fonsummation of the proposed purchase.
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, DECEMBER 29. 1899.
preaching war began to form. When
American cruisers carried food and cloth
ir.p to the suffering Cubans and Spain
voiced a protest there were few that did
not see the inevitable result. There were
riots in Havana and American liv. and
property were menaced In the Cuban cap
ital. Little more than a month had passed
otic feeling ran hish. Spanish threats
otic feeling ran high.. .Spanish threats
were arousing American angei and when,
on January 25. IS9S. the battleship Maine
was ordered to start for the Cuban capi
tal, little more was needed to transform
fear Into conviction and foreboding Into
gloomy certainty.
It was the last voyage of th.- U
warship.
Th.- Consul at Havana had Informed the
Government that th.^ situation was crttl
d within three weeks the world was
appall. -.1 by the most horrifying crime m
in.-.j.-rn history. <>n the niRh 1
I mi twenty mini: ■.« ..n.r is
Ine was destroyed by the
weapon of .i cowardly and hidden • netny
In th>> harli.ir of Havana. Tho people "f
tho town were terrified by a deafening
■:<>n. A pr.-at sh.-ot of flamo shot
the air and the doomed batl
wreck.
Her sailors died like rats in the fire and
water and tumbling tons of steel. They
had been murdered without having re
ceived a single warning from out of the
darkness of the night. The horror set
America on fire. Discretion was hopeless
ly gore. The people had lost all judg
ment in a flood of Utter, violent con
demnation of the crime. They had but
one thought and that was to avenge the
murder of the men who were yesterday
j laid reverently and sadly to rest in Ar-
I lington.
No counsel "f mori.-'mtion muM prevail.
of the Malm vainly s^nt
end judfrim-nt. From nnf
end of th<» contfneni t<> the <>t ti. r Atneri
■ • -■ '1 to ;i fror/
irtthOUl p:ir:i!l.-l in the
history "f a generation. When fun re
ports i f the horror were known and it
■ rhiit two offlcen and two
hundred and sixty-four men had i» • n
murdered n<»w fires w«-r<- added t'> tie
of n-vonpr. "Remember the
BIG MINING
CASE SETTLED
Ownership of Copper
Veins Decided.
Special Dlir&tch to The Call.
BUTTE. Mont., Dec. 2R.-Jud{re Clancy
In the District Court to-day handed down
his decision in the suit of the Montana
Ore. Purchasing Company against the
Boston and Montana Mining Company to
settle the ownership to certain veins of
copper under the Harus and Johnstown
claims, owned by plaintiff, and Pennsyl
vania, owned by defendants. The decis
ion Is in favor of the plaintiff. The tri.il
of the action was before the court with
out a jury and occupied ten we, k... The
Judge has had the rase under considera
tion two months. The suit just decided
originated | n the I'nlted State? Curt here
in an action by the Boston and Montana
. c;iin the Montana o r .- Purchasing com
j..ui\ in Which the form.-r s..u K ht to en
join the defendants and to close down th«»
workings and t.. r ver Judgment for
• The Or.- Purchasing Company
then instituted a oonnt.'r suit that is ju-n
decided, claiming ownership of all of the
ore bodies In controversy and of other
ore bodies which had not been previously
mined upon by it.
'11.. origins] milt of the Koston and
Montana for damage* was dismissed by
th«- I r*i t * .1 BtatSS Court of Appeals for
lark of Jurisdiction, after an injunction
had been ponding for abou; a yonr against
the o r .- Purchasing Company. A new suit
was immediately instituted in the 1 nit'd
States Court, in which the Boston and
Montana Comitany insisted u-ion the Ju
risdiction of tli.- Federal court; an in
junction was again granted and this suit
was dismissed by the Circuit Court of
Appeals, leaving pending upon the docket
as the only suit Involving the ownership
of the ore bodies In question, the suit
which wns decided to-day. The Or.- Pur
chasing people contended In this action
for an east and west vein system apex
ing their ground, and the Boston and
Montana people contended on the other
side for a north and south vein which
would cut off the rights of the Ore Pur
chasing Company to follow the veins
from their apexes upon the dip to the
south.
It is said the trial and preparation for
trial In development work represented an
expenditure of over STrfKt.ono. The case will
rfed to the Supreme Court of the
State for review and possibly to the Su.
preme Court of the I'nlted States.
Attorneys for the plaintiff say the de
Maine!" had hpoome thp nation's battlr>
cry !•» fnr<' war was de< tared, but now tho
wlsesi eounsela in the nation could not
prey« •.: th« '-..inirt.
n mattered little that tho board of in
qulrj <lid not Ibt the blame. The si lies of
.1 sentiment h;- ■! ti] .r a -id
in Anrii war was declared Tho :-:iti scenes
of tho funeral of the mun -r.-.l sail. if: v .
Havana wen pictured In every hamlet In
America The moving [>r ssion of
mourners, the long cavalcade of the dead,
th<- sobbing ounds of <lirt;.-s Bred men
;il<i women to new Indignation and will
l>ii tun- now to t »:< ir minds the y.-ri.-s that
made new history yesterday at Arlington.
The results of the war are now history
Spain mot with crushing iefeal and left
her heritage of savage, rebellious colo
nists to America. An«j*th<-n Americans
nirn.-.i their thoughts anin to the mur
cisinn will be followed at ones by suits
fur about ;i million an-: a hair damages
f<-r loss sustained by reason of work be
ing stopped while th< Boston and lion
tana Injunction \mis pending. It is also
i tated thai as soon i i several lateral
points ;ir. settled work will be
. on the veins so lorm in dispute an.i 800
m<-n li*' put to work.
MRS. WOODBURY FINED
FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT
Made Public the Substance of Her
Declaration in the Suit Against
Mrs. Eddy.
BOSTON. Dec. M.— Ml* Josephine
Woodbury was adjudped guilty of con
tempt of court by Judge Braley in the
Superior Court here to-day in connection
with the case brought against her by
Mrs. Mary Eddy, head of the Chrlßtlan
Science Church, for alleged criminal libel.
Mrs. Woodbury was fined $50. which she
paid. The allowed contempt consisted In
making public through a Boston newspa
per the substance <>t her declaration in
UM rait against Mrs. Eddy and in caus
ing to bo publish* «1 certain statements
about th» case or in submitting to Inter
views when-ln she made certain stato
mer.ts. knowing they would be published.
MURDERERS SENTENCED
TO BE GARROTED
Five Men Will Meet Death in Puerto
Rico for Committing a Fiend
ish Crime.
SAN JUAN, IMiorto Him. Dec. 2S.— Th«
Supreme court of Puerto Rloa at Ponce
• Dtenced Bye men to be gßrreted. in
October. Utt, twenty men, heavily armod
with guns and machetes, robbed a house j
at Yaueo, province of Ponce, and mur- i
dered a man named Prudenclo Mendez. I
They ;ilso danced around the body with
his daughters, who were under compul- I
slon. Seven of the men were caught but I
rabsequently one of the prisoners escaped
and one died In Jail.
Fisher Loses.
WOODLAND. Doc. 2S.— City Recorder '
Fisher recently brought suit against Fold
County for $:Dl, alleged to be due for ser
vices performed by him and pertaining to
the office of Justice of the Peace. Ho
was awarded Judgment In the Justice
Court, but Judg« Gaddls has rendered an
opinion in the Superior Court reversing I
this Judgment. In substance, the opinion
holds that the City Recorder of aclty a lt
uate within a county of the twenty-fourth '
class cannot collect fees from tho com iv i
for services rendered In th© capacity of !
Justice of the Peace. I
" How sleep tin brave who sink to rait c t
By all their country's wishes bless'd!" C
•O•o ?O : o o • o •■ o • niOi-nj.0.1
dered sailors of the Maine. The people of
the nation wanted to Inter In American
soil the bodies of the brave men who had
so cruelly met death. This want became
a demand and In answer the national au
thorities sent the battleship Texas to
Havana to bring back the bodies.
Th.- funeral ship was commanded by
<'iT>tai!i si»,-i.r.'. v. 1 ... v i in command "f
th<- Ifalne when sin- was destroyed. The
chaplain <>f tho Texas was Chaplain Chid
wick, who saw the deao and dying about
him in tlio waters of Havana harbor on
tho nicht of February 15, 1898. It was h
who preached t f:«- fu mon at Ar
lington yesterday, when President McKln
ley and the officers of the national Gov
ernment paid th.-ir tributi t ami
honor to th«- men who found thfir last
r.'stinK place in a grassy mound of tn«>
nation's burial ground.
TARIFF TREATY
WITH ARGENTINE
Its Effect Upon the Wool
Trade.
Bpeelal Dispatch to Th# Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2S.— The following
official statement of facts respecting: the
Argentine convention Is given out for
public Information and to correct many
misapprehensions In respect to the effect
of the treaty on the wool Interest:
The Argentine tariff system Involves not only
a fixed and high rate of duties on Imports, but
also provides for an aforo, or valuation, which
is to be fixed from time to time by executive
authority. By this . system duties are often
effectually increased without any new legisla
tion, and at the will of executive officers.
The object of the United States was, there
fore, to obtain reductions of th.- tariff on our
exports as tar as poaotble, and to reduce the
aforo, or else to establish a valuation beyond
which they could not go as the basis for assess
ing duties.
The convention, for example, not only secures
to Untted States exporters a reduction on Ore
gon pine lumber and Southern lumber. In fact
all kinds of undressed ■ lumber, but fixed the
af.'t.j and. on Oregon and yellow pine reduces
It over »0 per cent. The duty on cotton-seed
oil Is reduced about 60 per cent. On bacon and
many food products It Is reduced by 20 pel cent.
On paraffin. • wax (largely In demand there) the
charges were prohibitive and the duty Is now
reduced 00 per cent and the aforo reduced by
52Vi per cent. On canned salmon and other
canned goods the reduction of duty Ik 60 per
cent and the aforo is reduced by varying per
crntaires from M to 60 per cent. On windmills
(largely used there) there In a reduction of duty
of M per cent and of aforo 60 per cent. On
dried or evaporated fruits (apples, etc., etc.)
the duty is reduced 60 per cent: on cotton duck
ing, white or colored, the aforo Is reduced
33 1-3 per cent. On sail twine and cotton rope
the duty Is reduced 20 per cent and the aforo
33 1-3 per cent.
On the other hand the Argentine Government
demanded reciprocal concessions on the few ar
ticles she vends to this market. Among these
was wool and American wool growers have ex
pressed fears that this would prove injurious to
the domestic interest.
The total Import of wool Into the United State*
for In9'.< from all countries was 76,673,000 pounds.
Of this from Argentine came only 7,957.000
pounds, which is a very small portion of our
aggregate importation. It appears that our
woolen factories require, notwithstanding high
duties, a certain amount of foreign wool to sup
plement the domestic product. There is no
proposal for any reduction of wool duties in
favor of any other foreign country. It is evi
dent that the proposed reduction of Argentine
wools alone can have no effect on our market
prices. The majority of the wool Is of the
••oarsest class (for carpets, etc.), which Is not
PURSUED HER HUSBAND
AROUND THE WORLD
Marital Troubles of Mrs. Danel, Whc
Is Now Suing for Heavy
Damages.
TACOMA. Dec. ML— After pursuing her
husband ball way around the world and
back, Mr- IV. W. Dane! finds herself at
her starting point In Tacoma. again aban
doned, and she now seeks to recover dam
ages from her husband's relatives In the
sum of 523,000. bating her claim on me
statement that they are responsible for
alienating his affections.
Mr. Danel. the husband, was a prosper
ous dentist at San Francisco ten years
ago. when he married Mrs. Danel. She
was an Illinois girl, and shortly after they
moved to '< .::..t. litre. Ml - Danel jays
In her complaint, she first met Samuel A.
Danel and his wife, mother and father of
her husband, and Nathaniel Bpailman
.wifr.. th»? latter a lister of Dr. Danel. All
of those persons are made defendants In
tho suit for damages, Mrs. Dane] claiming
they entered Into I conspiracy to deprive
her of the affections of her husband.
i t year Mn D ■ ■ it I r |
In lllinc.is. Wl ■! ht-r
:; Taeoma, Shf> ma
and iin.-i!i> located the <i"i-tor in
Hawaii Bbc followed.
'I li> r> \\ ■■ ■ • cow
•tl. 1 -!nwn at Hilo. The d
at all or but little supplied by this country.
If. other countries Imposed the same high dv
" - with ourselves upon raw wools Imported
fir manufacture this reduction of duty would
turn the tide of wool supply to the Unlte.l
States. Hut other nations have udosled th«
policy of free Admission of wool. Consequently
the Arcentlne wool seeks the European free
market* France. Germany. Belgium. Great
Britain. Italy, etc.— and will contlue. to do no.
The statistics for eleven months of 1896-99
■DOW that during that period Argentine ex
ported <fil.lM hales of wool. Of this over OO.CTO
bal-p went to th? free ports of Europe. In
addition t>> the absence of duties in the wool
manufacturing countries of Europe. Amentlne
wools tend thither because freights are cheaper
there tha.i t.i the United States by about 3D
ncr cent. Early in November. Mi the price
of nawashed wool (class ii In London was
I' 1 .-'- «.r about 23c per pound. In New York.
same date, with duty added. it was Be Thnt
is to pay. the pries of class l Argentine wool
» float in I^indon was IV. aratnot 14c afloat
!•• ..t-A- York, which shown abundant reason for
the wool neeklnc the nrltlKh market rather
th.in the American. It also Indicates how lit
tle danger there Is of the small reduction made
by this treaty In our protective duty on wools
rro-iucins either any reduction of prices In
our market or any Increase fiver present Impor
tations. It Is estimated at the Treasury I"
partment 'that Ml per cent of our whole Impor
tation is of crar*e or "cordoba" rrool. which
we da not produce to any extent.
This concesaton on Argentine wool was made
not because of Its effect upon our amount of
lmpormton. for that would be nothing against
the free markets of Europe, but becauw it was
one of the only three articles of Argentine ex
port of which reciprocal relations could be
made, and one without which that republic
would not consent to the convention.
MEMORIAL SERVICES IN
HONOR OF WESTMINSTER
Very Many Distinguished Persons in
Attendance and a Solo Rendered
by Albani.
LONDON*. Dec. 2S— lmpressive memo
rial services in honor of the late Duke of
Westminster were held In Westminster
Abbey to-day. Representatives of Em
peror William and most of the English
royal personages* were present. Albani
sang a «=<-,]«. a. J. Balfour and the diplo
matic corps and many other notables also
attended. There was a similar service in
Chester Catbedral. The Queen's repre
sentative and all the municipal and
county bodies were present. Henry
White, secretary of the United States em
bassy, was among those who attended.
The ashes of the Duke were privately
Interred In the churchyard of Eaton Hall.
Cheshire, in the presence of his relatives
and the Marquis of Lome, representing
yui'cn Victoria.
WITNESS ADMITS HE
COMMITTED PERJURY
Startling Confession Made in the
Wellcome Disbarment Case
at Helena.
HELENA. Mont.. Dec. 2S.— Zachary T.
Cason, a lawyer of Butte who testified
In the Wellcome disbarment case that
United States Senator Clark told him that
be would pay for votes for himself as
Senator, has recanted. A signed state
ment Is In the hands of Mr. Clark's
friends In which Caaon says his* evidence
was untruthful, and that he Rave it for
$400; that his family was starving and
he had to have money. Cason expressed
regret at the wrong done and hopes this
retraction may offset it somewhat.
RECEIVER DISCHARGED.
Obligations of the Northern Pacific
Have Been Met.
ST. PAUL. Minn . I>ec. 28. -Judge Sin
born in the Inlted States Circuit Court
filed an order dlscharglnK the receivers of
th.- Northern Pacific Railway. All the
lands and other properties of the company
that were placed In the hands of th»- re
ceivers have been sold and the suits
■gainst the company for the most parr
have been adjudicated. The property and
affairs are turned over to the stockhold
ers in the reorganized company, which
succeeded the old corporation and bid In
its holdings. The receivers— Edwin 11.
McHennr and Frank <; Blgelow— are re
lived of further duties, but are retained
as receivers only to look after suits com
menced against them as receivers that
have not yet been settled.
soon tired of his surroundings and lef.
for Manila on the Valencia with th«
Washington volunteers. Mrs. Danel fol
lowed on another transport and thej
again made up. One morning Dr. Dan«»
started for Cavlte. He never came back
and his friends believed the natives had
killed him. A month later, however. h«
reached Taeoma alive and well. Mrs.
Danel was left in almost destitute cir
cumstances, but through the kindness of
officers of the regiment she was given
passage to San Francisco with the
Washington volunteers on the Pennsylva
nia. She again overtook Dr. Danel here
and a reconciliation followed. Later Dr.
Danel began divorce proceedings, which
never appeared In court. They were
abnndened without being brought to trial
and all difficulties were again settled ami
cably.
Four weeks ago Dr. Panel again
dropped out of sight. His wife claim*
to know his whereabouts, and says she
Intends Joining him again next month.
In the meantime she will press the suit
ngalnst his relatives. Bo far as known,
they haw but little property with which
to xatisfy v Judgment should she obtain
one.
New Convention Hall.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 25.-The Mer
chants' ami Manufacturers' Association of
this city has derided to begin at once th-i
erection of a large convention hall In this
place, with the Intention of having the
building completed and ready for d»*dlrt
lion at the time President McKlnley vislti
the roast next St-ptember to be present at
the launching of the Ohio. The Preald^nt
will be lnvlt-1 to visit this city at that
time and take part In the dedication of
the new building.
Burns Promoted.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 2*.--The Santa Fe
road has Issued a circular to the «fTo« - t
that R. C. Hums, formerly engineer of
the, Santa Fe Pacific branch, la made en
gineer of the Southern California Run
way, vice F T. Perrls. transferred to
other work. The headquarters of the cMef
engineer ar« transferred to this city, unrt
the offices at Williams. Ariz., and San
Bernardino are done away' with. Tho or
der takes effect January 1, 1300.
Inquest on Johnson.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 2S.— Coroner Hcl
land to-day held an inquest on the body
of Engineer Johnson, who died from tne
effects of Injuries received In the Southern
Pacific railroad wreck at Pomona on
Christmas eve. The verdict imply set*
forth the fact that the deceased died from
the effect of Injuries received In the wreck
and places no b!ame«on any one.
Strikers Parade.
ST. ETIENNE. France. Dec. 2S.— A com
bined demonstration of striking coal min
ers and lare workers to the number of
f/»JO occurred here to-day. The striker*
paraded the principal streets singing ai
dant songs. Elaborate precautions have*
been taken to suppress disturbances, a
strong force of military and police hav
ing been ordered out. It is estimated tnal
the strikers now number 30,000.
Ping Tee Resolution Killed.
LANSING, Mich.. Dec. 25.-The Senate
late tills afternoon, by a vote' of 18 to 13.
killed the. Pingree Joint resolution for th*»
submission of a constitutional amendment
permitting the amending of th* State tux
laws which had passed the Houac. Th«
Senate has adopted a resolution to ad
journ to-morrow at noon. The large num
ber of votes against the proposition was
a great surprise.
PROSPECTS FOR
THE CANAL GOOD
Senator Morpan Speaks
on the Subject.
Special Dlapatch to Th» rail.
WASHINGTON. Dec. -Senator Mor
gan, who as chairman of the Senate
Committee of Intcroccanlc Canals, has
played a most Important part In the agl
tatlon and advocacy of the Nicaragua ca
nal construction In former Congresses, de
clined to express an opinion upon tho
Americanization of the Panama Canal
Company through articles of incorpora
tion granted In New Jersey.
"The Senate committees." he explained.
were announced Just befon; recess and
the committee of which I am chairman
had no meeting. Of course all work, so
far as we are concerned, begins unew
with the new Congress. Several bills
looking to canal construction have been
Introduced, and the of us who hav.j
worked for canal legislation In the pa*t
hope to see substantial steps toward that
end taken by this Congress.
— "The eofflmlwkn trf — whirh Arfnttrat
Walker Is chairman Is about to make .1
personal Inspection of the different
routes. We have been promised the re
port of the former commission of three,
of which Admiral Walker was also chair
man. That former commission was au
thorized to Inspect and make estimates
on the Nicaragua route alone, while th«
one created by the last Congress la to
report on them all. Congress appropri
ated $1,000,000 to defray the expenses of
this work."
Senator Morgan does not understand
that the Maritime Canal Company, which
has heretofore figured as a concessionaire
controlling the Nicaragua route, ac
knowledges Itself to have been supersed
ed, as Indicated by the claims of Mr.
Grace and Mr Eyre In to-day's dis
patches. While the Maritime Company
is making no effort to have Itself men
tioned In the legislation on the subject
before the present Congress. It asserts
that Its concession Is still alive.
It is the opinion of Senators and Rep
resentatives here that there will be no at
tempt to take further steps toward ca
nal legislation until after the Walker
Commission submits Its report on the
different routes, which will not be within
a year.
CONTEST HIS APPOINTMENT.
T. . D. Bynum Opposed as Member of
Board of Appraisers.
WASHINGTON. Dee. 2S.— The Post to
morrow will say: In .i few days charges
win bo filed before the Finance Commit
tee of the Senate against the confirma
tion of ex-Representative William D. By
num of Indiana, as Democratic appolnteo
of th- New York Board of Appraisers.
The minority of that committee are de
termined to resist the installment of liy
num in that position. They will do bo
on the ground that he Is not a Democrat,
but has openly atnilatcd himself with th«
Republican party.
SOUSAS MEN TO PLAY.
Appointed Official American Band at
Paris.
NKW YORK Dec. 2S— Commissioner
General Ferdinand W. Perk of the t'nlted
States Commission to th
tion of next year has appointed Bousa'<i
band as the onVui American band to
play at the exposition
Transports Leave Hawaii.
H0N01.11.1-. Dee IS. -The transport*
Dalney Vostok. Columbia. Warren
man and Centennial f.tv-- all arrived h> r^
since last advices. The fsrst four named
■ parted The Shtr
man arrived on the nlicht of the 13- :
came to an anchor outside. The veem>|
had no communication with the snore, ant
sailed for Manila, early the next morturc.
34
FRENCH MAY STRIKE
TO CONQUER CANADA
Antipathy to England and Hopes for
a Free State Freely Expressed
Across the Border.
A
■
CALEDONIANS GATHER
AT THE FESTAL BOARD
- THEiR THIRTY-FOURTH
T. REUNION.
Hundred Guests Sit
Down to the 1 es
■
btetory of the organization. Between 2)0
ar.ii l'j ladies and gentlemen were present.
Amut.K tin in were th« following":
Argus Mcl.eoil. Mr. »ti:<l Mrs. Wil
liam If. Barnes, R. C. O'Connor. John
J. i.arutt, Charles Morrison, D. Mac
lean, Ve\-a McNdll. Mr. and Mrs.
Ji. . cMUsK. Hatjc, (JrcKorMciHrfpir,
Duncan Mclvc-ua. Kryik McLtuJ, May
or.. McLeod; V'tvicn Van Dyke, Hui;h
J. Mclsuac, Mrt-. John F. Kennedy,
M:>. H. ii. Mc.Vrill. Archie Maodonnld.
Mlai I*. M. Mjrdonuld, Dr. Edith E.
Mi !„•:<::, -\'!am H;i:i!i;i!i, Mr. and Mr*.
fetobener, D. A. Macdonald; D. H. Me-
Nelll, J. F. Kennedy and wife. Donald
AlcDougaM of Sacrament*. Fl't<-.ia-v
McLennan of Sacramento, Mr. and
Mr:-. H. K. Mcl>-iman cf tstcramento,
Gt i^r I'avl.l.-uij Mrs. tji'Tgc David
eon. Mi.-.- J. >.-!•• mown. Mlaa Jean Da
vid?* n. Mn & C. FolU. A. J. Menne,
Dr. McFadyenj Mr r . Dr. MrFadytn.
Proloxr \V. J. O'Brien. Mis. \\'. J.
<■ I':;- :i. Ml.-s B. Bufflngton, Mrs. Noa
rediia, P. \V. Clark. Anna Hn!m. Mr#.
1 . Uorrtetm, Mrb. C f?. Amsler. A. K.
.\hcjf -i.ald. M:*s E. Mucd<<nuM, Ailiin
J. Mttcdonald, Miss Jennie Mac
d< nald. M:sa Lizzie Fidrgricve,
M::* J*anie Fiiligrleve, \V. J.
:U \Vhi:;ii.y, Miss Lill'.e Cheffcrs.
M!.-s E. CrielYt-rs. S. M«.<Jr«-(fnr,
All(t? lUx. G. Edgn.ii. Madge Wildnre,
Mr ? . K. O. Wier*. J. D. McCannelly,
>lmt-l.j Mncdonald. Jessie Macdonald.
>1. ECramcr, Matie Etta lender. Arthur
Kennedy. Mr*. \V. Morgan. William
Morgan, Mm H. «. Smith. It. P. Mr
• iiw.ui. M. A- Canteto, S, ilcLcan,
William rini.tysnn. Mra. A. M. Mr-
I-«H)d. A. M. McLeod, C. E. O.ay. M. 1).
I*ratt. I-. IY.-s-r. A. 1 ». Mrl>..nald. M.
M< Kinnoa: Teresa MrPnuaid. Mary C
Mric*V>rmac. Jnhn A. McLond. A. M.
MacJ'h«r^on. Mrs. MacPhtryon, E. J.
Sweeny. Ulan E. Cattmtnt, Miss Lulu.
Sctaw^i-ix. Miss G«-orglana Mnc
fhc-i>o:i. Mr.-. A- W. M.-icphersou.
H. BliK.nx, Mrs. 11. JJloom. John
M. Ijiujcan, Mi;;x Jrssic C. ]>uncan,
M»>. i;. J. Lnkfi. William Carruth,
Oi'ottv V. Sampiion. Jaracs H. lJun&ui,
Jilrti. Jiinx's 11. l^uncan. James <»osi«,
>1r:-. .);itnes Cr.iv.-, J. F. McDonald,
Mra. J. F. McDonald, Mr. and Mrs.
Geor&e W. Blder, Mr?. A. F. Gonzalez,
M:k. l>. A Mi- Lean. L». A. Mcl>;an,
Mrs. Captain !>. MeKelU, Mra. James
A. M< !<;:». D. M. l!rcr. ton. Dr. J. A. J.
McDonulii, i;<J\yln ilorle, J.-inK^ Guile,
M^:t Flmvnct; H..\v<U. Mr. an.J Mrs.
It. W. Gmn, MUa liorten.ov Suther
land. W. W. McKlnnon.C b. StNlfrwlck,
Mr. and Mr>. J..im ReJdi Mr*. William
11. li.'.r v. charl«-« H«nilr>-. Mr. and
Mr^. T. l.ivi?.«>:« n D:nn. Mi.-<s Groi-n
h.im. M:v^ i;.i,], Mr. iit,\\>h Jr.. Wil
liam lUlnavcs. Jditi Mcl-art-n. Y. C.
La\vso:i. Mr. uii-l Mis. »V. K. Megan
m>rj, Mr. and .Mrs. J-.»ui 1.». . Mc-GJl\*ray
Jr. Mr. and Mrs. John D. McUilvniy.
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew M-N.-xir. Mrs. J.
Btevart Begvr, Miss Kih«l S*-Ker. Stew
art i<i>Rfr. Jatms D. «'nilK. Daniel A.
Mrn.-raM, J. H. Smith, nilllam Shaw,
K. W. Rinlih. 1). W. Ornnln. Robert
I>yl.« s. I. I^. Isaacs. Joseph B. Copp,
Mr. and Mrs. I). MatDonaJd. Miss
A:inl(» McCarron, Mlk>; J<?ssi«» Mar
nhtrKon. s!ivs NMll- Mac Donald.
Jam.' p. MnrCormnr. O< otkc Mac-
XHinald. Captnln William Mcl^eod,
Mi«s Gconrta Mdclnnix, J. J. Camnmn.
XCa M.v: Donald. Mason
I». IT. Flnnle :!n-1 family. C<»f..ii.l Tay
lor :-.r,A ladr. Mr?. J. War.l. Miss M.
New
Year
Gift .of
Perfume
A hottle ot delicate, fragrant
perfume for a New Year eift —
just the thing — aiwavs a favorite
with women. .
It is dilHcult to find no large an
assonment and such rich, lasting
odors as in our perfumcrv. case.
W c can srnc all tastes, lor we
have every well known French,
German and domestic perfume.
Bought in quantity for cash it
is easy for us to be always lowest
in pcrJume pnecs.
Frrf £»'.ivwv to r aitroia po'r.t* within
100 tr.iirs on or^cr* ct $j or up.
nilfc
P fffiß.; 1128 MARKET ST.
10th and BROADWAY. Oakland
Parliament. Mr. Chauvln. is heard pub
licly denouncing the pending of Canadian
troops to nld tirltatn in the war. At a
public mcitliis hc!d at -■ Jerome. <jue
iwc. iJr. Chauvln «ald he knew the elec
tors would approve when he told them
that \w had decided to struggle In Parlia
ment np.-ilr.st Imperialism and against Ini
p.ri:tl federation, military or political.
with England.
At the name meeting G. A. Mantel.
Minister »>f PuJ.lic Works for Quob^c.
f]ji.'k.' in th«- strain nnd r;rcni?].v
denounced th»* lrr.r>or)alifm which "Lard
Minto and <;'-r.oral Hutton are trying to
f;»st«n u*itn the country." •
Th«> French newspapers are nr>i less
rmi-'h.'it'c. L'Evt-nmcni, tho lfadlnjr Con
■ervatlve journal of Quebec City, pays the
A:iff!o-H'<i»r war is unjust and was pro
roked for ppeculatlve ends l<y th»* ambi
tious <"hnnj»>«-rlain. Aftor violently de
nounctng him it ask?:
"Is 5t necessary for tho French Cana
dians to play the role of slaves to prove
Ovir loyally t.» Knpland and to merit the
dt-llchiful friendship «if the Enßllsh In
Canada? Must we be guided in our
thoughts by our miPtress (England i?
KFpoij! 22 * 1 all h«r Quarrels. Just or .: lust ;
famish ;arp^t« for h* % r enemy's ifims; ap-
I lrri'l !)■ r <l;>.ninablo acts and proclaim a
Victory When h««r army niffera defeat?"
In Qiitbeo the popular cry Is apuir.st
in^i- rlnllsm and for the Independence of
Canada; in <»ntario and other riish
ppeaking jnrovir.res it Is for closer union
with the Rrhish crown. Premier Laurier.
therefore, finds hims«;f placed between
iwo irextinpuishablo fires, either of which
may eventually consume him and his
Government.
H. c. Rom. Thoma-i Prlngle
an.i wlf.., K. Morriman. Mrs. P. Mc-
Kenzle. P. McKenzto. B?rti«» McKen
zi<\ Jr.coph M. Hayes, Miss Ncttlo
Faeen.vM. (.'. Colnan. H. Chiwholm.
J. !.. Molntosh. T. O. McDana, Mr.
and Mn>. A. A. M^L^an, D. McPher
«>n, Mrs. HePheri n Ifli Jean
\\iTt. .\Tau<!» r.)rho. s , \. p. Forbes.
J\. Rossi. A. M. Forbes. Mr?. M. P
h rrt«-=. M. P. Forbes. I». A. Mclntyre.
V U C>' /• Kewan, J. P. McCormaok.
J. Mrlnnos. R. 8. Falconer. W. Kirbv
and^wife, Mi^s M. S. Curry. Richard
Hratto and wife. Miss Qratto, Mrs.
Graham, Mr«. William Mitchell. Loulso
Noy. Mrs. E. TT. Roblson.
Previous tp the opening of the banquet
, tho ofilc.-rs for the enpuinp yoar were in
pa!l.d ny ex-Chief D. R. McNelll n9n 9 fol
''^ >: . (^ 1of V, An P s McLeod; first chlef
'?"; *±, y }- Maopherson: second chieftain.
F. F. Flnlayj third c-hleftaln. Andrew Mr
t»;\l!Li f ' VJr lI? chieftain. J. XT. Cameron;
phJßlpUn. Dr. J. A. J. McDonald.
,v7 <Kr< ', <lvas , n liberal supply of poo,] I
1 r es ; —^U'^np the time-honored hagpi<«
an<i aftr-r the table had been cleared the
M.f rarv i ' x< T cist>s w-re commenced. Chief
MeLeod actini; hk toastmaster.
T-In!l f r«, st , s r ?Lj" rh " President of the
Irr v i lZ sr T h " both bt-lnjr
\\ S Iv. th rouslns cneiTH: "The Lr, n ,i
A, " lAA \ responded to by J. p. Mc-
Gflvray: "The Land We Live In" re
gponded to by w. h. Barnes: "Cttv of
Ban hr-jneisro." respond,^ to by Attor
c tJ- /;J Ja «7 ett ln thp unavoidable ab-
Mneeof the Mayor: "Sister Societies." re
2£?-3?a£ J >y i William I{ --V'nav^s. presl
tmh/rwA"^ 8 Society; "Universal
r nw'-T '* r °!P° ndf 'l to by Richard
■ ■ ■ fht« of
,; f.f .u Itr ," k \. Th , e I'r^s." responded to
»•> iharles Morrison, and "The Ladies"
responded to by ex-Chief John Reid The
younp-r people enjoyed ...emselves In
teh^uS.--- iower hall till . ihe w «*
The success of ■"■■ affair -wns mainly
duo to the efforts of the recratlonfcom
' \ M M . ■ herson.
\\ lill.im Mitchell. . George MrT>nmM '
" .■
f,,r,\ M,f>, i lllam . T -r'lulnr: and J. J<rn.l
ford Mathews. and the vxtcutlvo commit-
IV- t * lwl «Mn« of AnmiF McLeod. A. M.
Macpherson. F. F. Finlay. Andrew Mc-
M?Doiiid! v ; caraeron alid Dr - J - A. J.
rlu\ J V. ; Mr J^ nnan - chief of the Caledonian
Oub of Sacramento, was among the
guests and during the evening be ''e
lKvred j, n appropriate address Tan-
N ndsay
SIGNAL CORPS ELECTION.
First Sergeant Sejiner Chosen to Suc
ceed Lieutenant Haseltine.
An election was held in the armory of
the SifTiml Corps. Second Brigade. N. Q
C. Ju ki; Ellis street, last evening to fill
th" vacancy caused by the recent resigna
tion of Lieutenant C. W. Haseltine.
There was but one ballot cast which
resulted in th- unanimous election or
First Servant Ernest P. S*vm r "to the
vacant position. After the formality at
tending the Installation of their new oiii-
A : th "si™TP^ One tl tf OU »'li the numbers
of the Signal Corps adjourned to a restau
rant, where fame ceremonies of a more
Informal and more -ntertaJnin* nature
were inaugurated for the purpose of
property w» tting the commission^ the
new bearer of the shoulder straps
TILLAMOOK GOT TANGLED.
Schooner Fouls the Ship Theodor and
Is Badly Damaged.
The schooner Tillamook in moving away
from H., ward-meet pier No. i las? Dteht
fouk-.lt ho main rigging of the German
phip Th.;odor. A hopeless tan K l* of r«r 0 *
and spars and a cracking of timberßiXo£
lowed. The mainmast <.f the .•nook
»;?' torn. from its faFtenings and mrS
ti;.- l.<,ard. <-.iTrylnfr with It much of thi
sch.jr.nrr-!. rlpcinc When the vesrcls wSS
Orally separate.; it was found that the
Tillamook wa* badly damag.-d an.l «he
was towed to the Mission flats for ren-ifr,
borne small injury was done the ThJodo-
Buena Vista's Christmas
Buena Vista Parlor. Native Daughter-*
of the Golden West, held it, Christmas
festival in \osemlte Hall of the Native
Sons' building last evening, and it was one
of those pleasant functions for whlcn this
parlor is notod. It waa for member* mri
a few invited friends. In the center of
the hall was a decorated tree, while at >t«
foot were a number of packages, one for
each member, with name Inscribed there
on. These were distributed by James P
Dockery. who for the time being ™r*o£
atr-d Santa Claus. Each lady received «
pntty present in remembrance of ♦!•«
evening In the work of distribution the
gentleman with the snow-white whi«k«"«
was assists by Mrs. LuciaVeiharih
Mlm Augusta tfahn. Miss Annie Wo-th"
Mr.-. Ella Wehe. ,Mrs. Gcnevteve Baker
.Mis- Kmma Honnlng. Mrs. B F Man!
and Miss Tilllc Braver. During the even
in X Mi.-s Etta Brier sank sweetly «?."
era! ballads, and then there were da"nclnc"
coffee and cakes. unSl
» ♦ «
Army Orders.
\ Captain J. M. Cahff. Third Artillery
; First Lieutenant W. S. McNalr % Third A.r
i til.cry. and Second Lieutenant H. C Ev
ans. Third Artillery, have been appointed
to form a board to examine Private Ar
thur C. Aroy. Troop H. Sixth Cavalry
for appointment as electrician sergeant
Actinp Ansiinant Surgeon Louis A
1 Thompson, now on duty at the gen-rii
h..Fplt:;l at the Presidio, has been ordU,f
j to proceed to Seattle to report for d'utv
i on the transport Port Albert. '
First Lieutenant George V,\ Moa^a
Fourth Cavalry, has b« en granted leav^ af
absrnre for one month on a surgeon's e»-r
tlDcate of disability. . s Cer "
Acting ArsiFtant Surgeon Walter C
Chldecter has N-en ordered to report tor
duty .n board the transport Aztec
AitltVrr Chnrk-s Bralnard of Comnanv
|E of the Fourth Infantry died iterdav
j morning at the era! hospital.
Fraternal Elections.
Cathedral Council. Young Men's Instl
i tuto. last evening elected the following
Mim'd ns its ofilcers for the ensuing term*
W. K. Dcrn. president; T. F. McCa-thv"
fir?t vire president; Daniel C. Deasy*e-c
ond v!o> president: R*v. Father 1-tem'psey
chaplain: Very Rev. Father Prendergj't'
honmary chaplain: J. J. ClltYord rceord-
Ingrsecretarjr; F. Farmer, financial secre
tary: 1\ Farrell. corresponding secretary
i Messrs. Gonzales. Kelly and Martin, trus
j tecs.
t With one exception, Evans Council of
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1899.
REFORMS SUGGESTED IN
HIGH SCHOOL TRAINING
Benjamin Ide Wheeler Holds That the Studies
There Should Be Practical Rather Than
Preparatory.
Three of the Officers Elected by the Educators.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 2S.— The State
Teachers' Association this after
noon heard papers on teachers' in
stitutes, the administration of city
school systems jind California
school laws, and listened to an ad
dress by Benjamin Ide Wheeler on "The
Relation Between the University and the
, Schools." This address was clearly the
feature of the day's session and was re
ceived with ■ great deul of Interest by
the association.
President Wheeler took a radical stand
on a number of questions connected with
the subject treated by him and left no
; doubt as to his meaning. He said the
frrowth of attendance at the State Uni
versity had been SoO.per cent In the last
ten years, while the Income had increased
[ but 717 1 per cent. He did not know what
• would be the result If trie attendance kept
on increasing In anything like the pres
ent ratio, and declared that the problem
was a most pt-rious one. In this con
nection he paid a flattering tribute to
California by saying that it seemed to
him likely that California Is gulnc to de
mand a higher education for a larK- t
proportion of her population than any
other State in the Union. One reason he
attributed for this was that there was no
lower class in California, and that all the
people were more or less prosperous.
He expressed the hope that the schools
and the universities would get together
ln a common understanding. There was
not. as many seemed to think, a break
between the high schools and the uni
versities, but the one led naturally Into
the other, and every curriculum adopted
should respect the fact that education is
a continuous thing. The Idea that any
! particular subjects are necessary to be
taught is led or should be based upon
the fact that it is necessary to feed that
! sort of Intellectual food which will en
able the mind to grow. The child's mind
' is peculiarly receptive on the side of the
humanities and myths and stories. Watch
a child as it tries to adjust concepts to
bits of spe.ch and you will see It in the
process of its development into a member
the Chosen Prleads Inst evening continued
In office all of the incumbents as its of
ficers fur the ensoinc -erm. Mrs. rarla J.
Sweeney wae elscted vice councilor.
VETERANS ARE OPPOSED
TO CIVIL SERVICE LAWS
Veterans of the Civil War Associa
tion met last night at their head
quarters. 123 Eddy street. In an address
to the members President Martin Murray
stated that It was the intention of the or
ganization to continue the meetings until
the eyes Of every veteran from Califor
nia to Washington are opened to the
hypocrisy of the civil-service law as it
is carried out by the heads of the various
departments. He said that the latest
move of the administration la to keep un
skilled labor under civil service.
H. J. Thompson followed and paid that
it was absolutely necessary to form a
protecctlve veterans' association If the
veteran? desired to accomplish anything
for their own benefit. He called attention
to the fact that out of the eighteen men
recently discharged from the Bhlpjotnera*
department at Mare Island fifteen wore
veterans. He then paid his respects to
Lieutenant Halliday, who, he said, had
discriminated against the veterans. He
stated that letters of complaint are being
daily received from all sources, and when
the time Is ripe they will be sworn to, and
will in all probability make interesting
reading tor those who are hiding behind
the civil-service law.
Phil Sheridan's At Home.
Th(r<"- was a large attendance of the
r.ts of the Mission district last ni.iht
In Mangel's Hall, at Folsom and Twenty
fourtn streets, to attend the "at home" of
I'hll Sheridan Council of the Young Men's
Institute. There wa* a programme of
dancing after a nhort address by Peter J.
Haggerty. president of the council, ard
between numbers vocal selections were
rendered by Miss Maggie McCarthy, Ben
jamin Crawford. Miss Etta Welch, John
C Flood and John Hesse.
Life Story of the Reed Family to Be
Published.
Every one In California has felt sorry
that John Reed, "the man without an en
emy " should die and leave a cloud upon
his good name. Sorry for Reed, and still
more so for the Innocent little girl whom
Reed had the honor to leave his heiress.
Just read about It In The Call next Sun
day : _______^.
Entertainment Postponed.
The St. Francis Sunday-school enter
tainment which was to have been held
this evening has been postponed. • Due no
tice will be given when it will take place.
A grand wedding was being solemnized
at St. Peter's, Eaton square. London.
On each Hide of the strip of carpet that
extended from the church door to the
curb was a crowd of people watching the
ruests arrive. In the wake of a proces
sion of equipages of th* most aristocratic
and well-appointed character came a
four-wheeled cab. dingy and disreputable
beyond relief. "Here! here!" shouted the
policeman In charge, "you can't stop
here' We're waiting for the Bishop of
•• The cabman retarded the officer
with a triumphant leer, as he climbed
down from his seat and threw a ragged
blanket over his skeleton steed. . "It's all
right, guvnor," he said, "I've got the old
buffer Inside?" ■ : ''■■'■■
Lieutenant Governor Timothy L. Wood
ruff of i*ew York it Is said never violated
his rule to live frugally and to devote
hlm«elf to business until his income was
JSO.OC'O a year. When he reached this point
lie entered political life. Once, in debat
ing with a wealthy politician, the latter
said: "Wealth gives you no advantage:
I'm as rich as you are." "Ye*," replied
Mr. Woodruff, "but you made your for
tune out of politics, and that's whore
I'm spending mine.
of society. Gradually we lead the child
through the schools up to the university
and we must demand that the teaching
it receives shall not be more rapid than
its capacity to absorb. We should not
intrude Into the earlier stages of the
child's education that which be
longs to the riper apes, and the universi
ties should not be allowed to force their
work back upon the secondary schools.
In connection With the complaint that
high schools are used as preparatory to
tbo universities, President Wheeler con
ceded the fact und said while he had been
particej - crimlnla in preparing questions
for ex tmination he did not believe in the
plan, but thought the high school should
perform Its function In the education of
the pupil and not with the view to a uni
versity course.
He spoke in favor of the establishment
of various halting places throughout the
entire school course. saying that these
werf nects^ary to enable the student to
ascertain that for which he was best
adapted. In high school work he can de
term!! c at the halting place whether he
will go into college or not. In college he
can determine at the halting place
whether or not he will specialize his work.
President .Wheeler declared against en
trance examinations, saying thoy were a
bad thing. Ixeauso they make the school
dependencies of the colleges and because
the pupil is compelled to cram not for the
purpose of acquiring knowledge of the
eubjf<-t that will benefit him but solely
for the purpose of acquiring knowledge
that will fit him for a test. As the high
school 16 a course In the development of
personality, a culture course. its mission
should not be to get students into the uni
versity. Colleges should accept students
who have taken a high school course and
should arrange matters accordingly. In
this connection he advanced th-; radical
doctrine that It was not undignified in
colleges to teach the eginnlngs of stud
ies. He thought that Greek. German.
French and other st« lea might well be
taught In their beginnings in college, thus
cnabliDg the higher institutions of learn
ing to meet the high schools half way,
and thus weed out from the high school
curriculum mitny studies unnecessary to
the student who docs not Intend taking a
college course. He did not believe that a
college student should be allowed an un
bridled use of the right of election, but
thought he should be compelled to group
his studies with a view to a purpose.
COLONEL STONE WAS NOT
PERMITTED TO DEPART
FTLIPINOS' MANAGER IS UNDER
SUSPICION.
Fire Marshal Towe Investigating
Another Fire That Might Have
Been of Incendiary Origin.
Colonel Walter K. Stone, proprietor and
manager of the Filipino acrobats, has
postponed his proposed trip to Washing
, ton, lie docs so at the solicitation of Fire
Marshal Tow»>, who is anxious to cate
ehlM him further about the Bush-street
Theater fire and the blase at 610 Jones
street. Chief of Police l_er>s has lent his
assistance to the- Fire Marshal in keep
! Ing the colonel within the boundaries of
this city and county.
officer Coleraan. obedient to Instruc
tions, went to the otllces of Jake Kauer
last night, where he found Stone and took
him to police headquarters. lie was
closely interrogated us to his connection
with the two tires, and was only allowed
his liberty on promising that he would
' return to the chief's office this morning.
Stone stated yesterday afternoon that
Bibero Maximo, a Filipino who was de
ported by the authorities, set fire to the
Bush-street Theater out of revenge.
Stone claimed that Maximo had, shortly
before leaving for the Philippines, admit
ted to him that ho had urea the build
ing.
Members of the Filipino troupe, who are
now quartered at 75$ Howard street, laugh
at their manager's assertion. A number
of them boldly stated that the colonel was
I crazy and that the charge he makes
against Maximo Is one of his hazy no
i tion*.. They are tired of living In this
, country and express a hope that they
will be shortly sent back to their native
land.
The colonel would not have been Incon
venienced but for a fire that was discov
ered Wednesday afternoon at 510 Jones
street. It was discovered by Brendon
Clark, chief usher at the Alcazar Theater,
who lives at 506 Jones street, and who
turned in an alarm from box 46. He in
, formed Officer Dan Sylvester and also
; Fire Marshal Towe that he had seen
Stone leave the premises five minutes
I before the fire was discovered. Coupled
to his statement was that of Mrs. A. M
Mlkkleson of Berkeley, the owner of the
* building. She Informed the officers that
the Filipinos' manager had threatened to
be revenged on her for being ejected from
the premises for not paying rent. Fire
Marshal Towc has been working on the
case for the past two day« and will not
permit Stone to leave the city until he has
made a thorough Investigation.
THE NATURE OF MICE.
It Is Somewhat of a Puzzle to the
Human Mind Until You
Understand It
Fpw people understand the mystery of
mice. I think I can, without immodesty,
claim to understand mic>\ for I have
made them a ptudy for many yearn. I
v.—ii to think that nature supplied mice
wherever there seemed to be any call for
th«-m. For example, if you live in a house
whin- th<-re B.re n<> mice and in a raah
, mmm-nt provide yourself with a mouse
I tran or set up a cat. mice will immedi
ately make their appearance. To the
, superficial observer this looks as If na
ture, perceiving that you have a mouse
trap. prOceeda ro supply mice for it, or
noticing that you have a cat sends mice
enough to satisfy the animal. But thin
is not the truo explanation. In order to
Understand mice you must prasp the fact
' that the mouse is an animal with a keen
of humor and a love of excitement
Wi'h this key in your possession you can
readily unloon the mystery "f mice.
That th»' mouse has a sense of humor
Is conspicuously shown hy the way in
whleh he will rattle- a newspaper In your
i bedroom at night. The mouse does" not
| eat newsr-'ip^rs. neither does he put them
jto any domestic use. He merely makes
I a noise with them, knowing that of all
In the East, said President Wheeler, the
normal schools are attempting to usurp
the functions of a high school. This was
bad, he said, for many reasons. The nor
mal school should, he thought, accept no
pupils except'those who are graduates of
a high school. In this way th.- tone of the
graduating teacher is raised by having a
course In high-school work as well as a
course In pedagogy, and if any time the
pupil felt that ne should attend a college
he could do so upon his high-school cer
tificate.
Harr "Wagner of San Francisco road a
paper on teachers" institutes. in which he
advocated giving full pay in attendance
on these, and that the attendance should
be compulsory; that salaries should be
paid teachers twelve months In a year. In
order that they could devote their vaca
tions to study and healthful recreation;
that the State Normal schools should hold
summer sessions, and that the State Su
n*-rint<-ndent of Public Instruction should
have the power to certificate teachers of
institutes.
C. W. Mark of San Francisco, in a pa
per on practical problems in the admin
istration of a city school system held
that a solution of the difficulties would
be brought about by the Introduction or
proper civil service reform.
H. M. Wand of the San Jose Normal
School read a paper on "The Spirit of
California School Law." in which he ad
vocated changes that would enable teach
ers to be selected on merit alone and
which would give to country schoolteach
en ■ more secure tenure of office He fa
vored raising th.- standard of admission
to Normal schools, and concluded by say
ing that if the selection of teachers were
left to commissions appointed from care
fully selected men the schools would be
removed from politics.
The following ofllcers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, J. W. m. -
Clymotids, Oakland: vice presidents X
D Faulkner. San Francisco, and <>' W
Knew. Sacramento; secretary Mrs M M*
Htzgernld. Ban Francisco: assistant
secretary. W. C Hughes. Alameda; rail
road secretary. Frank F. Banker. Santa
Barbara; measurer. Philip - Prior ' Sun
r ran Cisco.
San Francisco was chosen as the next
place of meeting. xl
This evening a reception was given to
Gallery. Wheeler In the Crocker Art
To-morrow the association will discuss
Pupns^n^e^raTs 1:'"1 :'" and « rad "a«on of
sounds the midnight rustle of a new-nn
?unv banf h° n 1 Wh V Ch wiU mo « "^«£sl
iuii\ banish sleep from your eyes If a
mouse finds an eligible newspaper in your
£? d h° Om , he will settle hlmselfdown Ml
night of fun and Jollity. He will rattle
that newspaper till morning and the only
effect of throwing boots at him or of
petting up and lighting the gas and
•earchtog for him with a Poker* w<ll be
that he will hide himself till you lie
down to sleep and then re.sume his little
newspaper game. If this doei notshow a
sense of humor It wuuld be difficult t S
say what it does show. u «ncuit to
Then there is the well-known fact th-it
no sooner does a mouse trap or a cat
enter a house than it is followed bv a
troop of mice. Cats and traps draw mice
as the pole draws the magnet. The mouse
loves the game of teasing the cTtbv
stimulating the latter*! hope* of cantur
ing mice. it Is considered the heSnt of
fun among mice to scuttle across a room
n the presence of a cat and to dtsaonear
In a hole Just as a cat Is ready to nounc"
Of course, now and then a too reck?e«
mouse pays the penalty of rashn. br
being caught by the cat. but accidents
of this kind are more rare among mice
than football accidents among men and
in no way render mice shy of the Pa me
If you once understood the nature of
mice you need have no trouble with them
Banish from your house every cat tr-in
and newspaper and not a mouse will' show
himself. nil your house with newspa
pers, traps and cats and mice will ••-<
to it from miles away. No moused go
to a house where no amusement Is of
fered to him. This lesson I have learned
as I said, by years of study, and it has
been confirmed by the testimony of set-!
eral of the most intelligent cats whom I
have known.— Pearson's Weekly urn x
SOMETHING ABOUT GIANTS.
Tallest Men of Our Day Compared
With Those of Ancient Times.
Old chroniclers tell wonderful stories of
the giants that used to walk the earth
even as we read in the Bible of Goliath'
who was slain by the young David In
later days perhaps the most Interesting
book on giants was written by a French
scholar named Henrion In 171 S. This hnnir
asserted that Adam, the tint man was m
feet nine inches tall, and that Eve wm
only five feet shorter. After Adam man
began to lose height rapidly. Noah <£?■*
M. Henrion. was about 27 feet tall' and
Abraham measured not more than 2')
Muser. reached only the poor height.jf thir
teen feet, and finally man had to £• eon"
tented with feeble little frames from tour
to six feet in height. m tour
Many huge human skeletons have been
found according to report. It Is said thWt
the skull of Chevalier Rincon. whose re
mains were discovered in 1509 at Itonin
held a bushel of wheat. The shin bone was
four feet long, and others In pronortinn
Many other similar skeletons wVr found
one in Sicily that measured thirty feet in
length. In the present centuary however
It has been shown that these' skeletons
were not of humans, but of prehistoric
beasts.
One of the world's famous giants «=.«
Patrick Cotter O'Brien, who was born at
Kinsdale. in Ireland. In 1761. He was eieht
feet three Inches tall, and was the ere-it
est giant of the day. He died in 1804 in
the museum of Trinity College. Dublin
is the skeleton of a giant named Magrath
who was seven feet eight Inches high
It is an interesting fact that giants a's a
rule are both weak of body and of mind
while dwarfs are usually keenwitted and
healthy. A story Is told that the Empress
of Austria in the seventeenth century had
all the giants and dwarfs of the Germanic
empire assembled at Vienna. They were
quartered together, and fear was express
ed that the giants would terrify the
dwarfs. The contrary proved to •be the
case. The. dwarfs tormented and robbed
the giants to the extent that with tears
in their eyes the giants begged to be pro
tected from them.
The usual circus and museum giants of
to-day are rarely over seven feet In
height, but they wear high heeled boots
and high hats that add a foot or more in
height to their appearance.— Chicago
Record.
» » ■
Windmills, though only now becoming
popular for pumping water, were known
in Europe so far back as 1105.
PEOPLE AGAINST
SUNSET COMPANY
Status of Telephone
War in Sacramento.
Ft>eclaJ Dfantcfe to The Ca!l.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 2S.— The people of
this city are considerably aroused over
the telephone tuation brought about by
the attempts of the Sunset Company to
cms!) us local rival. the Capital Tele
phone Company, what advent a few
years ago caused a complete smashing of
the former's extortionate schedules. The
Call Wednesday mornltiK told of the ap
pearance of Ivouls Glass, assistant general
manager of the Sunset Company, before
the Board of Trustees, of his defiant atti
tude and of the action of the board In or
dering out all cf the Sunset 'phones from
the city departments.
The fact was developed at that me«tlnjr
that the Southern I'acltic Company. Wells.
Fargo & Co. and the Postal Telegraph
Company had thrown their Influence on
the side of the Sunset tight. This morning
the Record-Union published an article
protesting against the removal of the
Sunset 'phonos from the city offices. Tn»-
Bee t')-ni|fht In an editorial beaded "A
Creature's Insolence to Its Creator.'
voices what appears to be the general
sentiment, as follows:
In criticizing the act of the Board of Trus
tees In ordering Kunset telephone* out of city
ofiices the mornlnz paper u.:.->«s entirely the
I<rtnt at Issue.
Th- Sur.M-t Telephone Company Is a gigantic
monopoly. It has received i-ranta fr<jm the
popple, which it ha« attempted to use not In
their U-li.iU but againM their best Interest*
I'n.ler debt to the citizens of Facram^nto for
many favors and privileges granted through
their municipal governing body. It haa
endeavored to use those favor* and pri
vileges :-..•» a lever with which to
t>rannlze over and bulldose others an I
to crowd out nil opDOSltlon. Backed In Its
autocratic measures by three other great cor
porations, it hn» used the power in this city
permitted to II by the people as though this
city were an autocracy and lteelf the ruling
despot.
There m the meat In this matter. A creation
of the people, this despotic corporation— backed
by Its Riant corporate friend* — has endeavored
to virtually enslave or throttle Its creator. II
had the people of Sacramento at Its mercy
when plucky and energetic ... about
to organize an opposition company that would
reduc* ml-s and Rive better Mrvte*. At first
the monopoly laughed, then sneered, then began
to bully. Wild threats of Innumerable law
suits acalnrt patrons of th* new telephone
company flooded the air. The Sa<-ramentans
who had -invested their money In the new
enterprise wer* compelled to gunrant»-e
each i>atron against any loss from any
such source. It may be a Mrnnte coinci
dence, but the fact remains that the only par
ties who have not accepted surh guarantee nn!
who profeas to !>e exreedlngly timorous about
loslr.g a few dollars are the thr^e gigantic cor
porations which s»-em to be helping the Sun«et
along In Its tyrannical and un-American meth
ods.
The now compnny .... alonsr In its
business, bettered th>> service, and forced a re
duction of the rate*. For that It li« entitled f>
the thanks and gratitude of our people. If It
Is to he crushed then Sacramento may expect
to follow In the wake of San J. •«♦•, In which
city the Sun.«t-t. having killed all opposition,
has alreaily raised the rates.
The rets In this city of the corporate friends I
of this monopoly— which acts were iletnileil he- I
fore the Hoard of Trustees on Tuesday n.sht,
and which wer» undoubtedly done at the 'rmtl-
Katlon .... monopoly, with which ■
the other corporations seem to be on friendly
If not financial t«-rm»— such acts have empha
sized the 'lfinK*T of mun!c!r»nlitl<»s irrnntlrc
preat ri"tv' lp XK t ''" md concossions to corpora
tions which may use them against the best In
tpre«ts of their creditors and In the very t^eth
of puMlc rights nr.d the bile weal.
In this Instance the Punset Telephone Com- ;
pany, backed by Its corporate friends, ha* nsM
th» power which came from the people to boy
cott a home •••■■ endenvnr to drive
It to th» wall In order thPt the monopoly alone |
may exist, and that the citizen* raiy again 1»» |
sneezed. ... place of appearing T»efor«
the municipal (rovernlni body «s a citizen ow-
Inc Feme resr« v et to the rights of others. Its
manner came from Pan Frar.clsco and ta'k-'l
as though he wore an Alexander and the peo
ple of this city the *at raps nn.l slaves of his
corporation.
It was hlirh time that the Hoard of Trustees took
some measure calculated to curt, this auto
cratic arrogance and to teach the telephone
monopoly that It If neither the law nor the
prophetm In thtH community. Surely. th» tie- i
privation of city r"»trona*e In * ll*ht punish- I
ment. Indeed, for Us Irwolem-e. It was well
that th.» boar passed a n^solutlon directing '
the corporation counsel to Investigate the Pun- :
set Company's franchise and see whether It has !
kept fnlth with this people.
Purely, the *prvants of the p*npl<» ronM n"t
he employed in any better servlc* than In pro
tecting th.'lr musters fr^m the throttling tse
tlcs of *uch a Frankenstein as the Sunset Tele
phone Company.
GERMAN OFFICER IS
KILLED IN A DUEL
Lieutenant Stielow Meets His Death
at the Hands f Lieutenant
Rau in Prussia.
BERLIN. Dec. 2S.— Lieutenant Rau and
Lieutenant Stielow. both of the One Hun
dred and Fiftieth Regiment, fought a duel
to-day near Allensteln. East Prussia. The
latter officer was killed.
♦
FORTS BEING STRENGTHENED.
France Increases Her Forces in Mar-
Unique.
SpeH.il Cahle to The Call an.l New York Her
ald. Copyrighted. ISO 9. by James Gordon
Bennett.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad. Dec. -It
Is reported that the French forces In
Martinique have been Increased again by
the arrival of IMN men. Large operations
are taking place In the way of strength
ening and extending the fortifications,
both in Martinique and Guadeloupe.
■ ♦
FINE GOLD EXHIBIT.
Department of Mines at Victoria
Sends Gold to Paris.
VICTORIA, I* C. 1
ment of Mini <>f tho Gov.mment of Brit-
lßh Columbia last night forwarded seven
ty-one cases of nuggets and gold dust for
exhibition In the provincial section at the
Paris Exposition. The gold is representa
tive of all British Columbia creeks, and
among the specimens Is a nugget worth
$64 from Strom Creek, Cariboo.
KILLED IN LANDSLIDE.
Two Farm Houses With Occupants in
Ireland Swept Away.
LONDON, Dec. 28.— Severe sales and
snowstorms are reported in th© mountains
of Ireland. At Nenaprh. near the Nenach
River, a landslide, followed by a rush of
water, swept away two farm houses with
their occupants. Much damage has been
done to other property.
DOROTHY DEAN DEAD.
English Actress Who Sat for Lord
Frederick Leighton.
IX)N!>"N Dec. 28.— Mi-- Dorothy Dean,
the actress, died yesterday In London.
She toured In the United States in 1893
and sat for the late Lord Frederick
Lelghton. the painter, as a model for some
of his best pictures.
Indians' Government Dissatisfied.
BOMBAY, I >.-. 25.-The Indian c,n-
Kress has declared its dissatisfaction with
the currency measures of the Govern
ment, alleslnjc that these have the • ftVct
of deprtciatiiiK the value of th.- savings
of the masses, virtually advancing rents
and Indebtedness and Injuriously affect
ing manufactures.
Cleveland Is Better.
PRINCETON. N. J.. Dec. 28.-Ex-Presl
dent Grover Cleveland, who has been con
fined to his bed for the last three days
was. much Improved to-day. The attend
ing physician stated that the ex-President
was up and able to get about the house
and would soon be entirely recovered.
Fire in Krupp's Factory.
BERLIN it to
day in the Kru; at K<«.
sen, doinn danas* to the amount of JTT. -
'iOO. Many vuluable models and il
were destroyed.
General Butterfield 111.
mBW YORK. Dee 25.-<;en.r.i! Daniel
Butterflfld Is ?^rio\;sly 111 in his h..m<
here. The general became 111 on I>. cum
ber 18. His malady la of the stomach.
CONDITION OF
THOMAS CRITICAL
Young Man Has ye
serted Two Families.
— \
gp«c!al Dispatch to Th» Call.
MERCED. Dec. 23.— Charles A. Thortjn,
who was shot last nlßht by the Rlrl\i«>
betrayed, la still In a very critical c r.(J
tlon. hovering between life ami ilea%i
with but prrvll chance.-f for his rccov*r>
Thi<^ aftern'xjn th« attending physifiara
extra< led the bullet and It wa * founa
that after It entered the body It took .^
downward cours.; and lodged In thf Mek.l
Mfss Marparet Storey, who flrrd thn\
shot, was arrested ami pl«e*.l in th^ \
County Jail, but was afterward released \
°SriP( ; N*. l-'ec." 2S.— C. A. Thoman. -rho
was .-hot at McrrM by Mi.-»s Marparj-t Sil
ver on nccount of his Illloit lovp with that
plrl. undoubtedly lfl the same person who
li«ured In a heartier affair In buisun a
little ever three years r>c<«. w^»
Thomas came to this town In tr "*,; n V, r^
of 1«% with hi.-- brother-in-law. D. H. Mfr
Donald, and aFslstM the latter In rstab
liphlntr the Solano County * ourirr. A« m
XlTCod. his pUasinj? address and musical
:ircomp!!shm<*nti< won him many frirnw
while here. He aan« In the Conirrrjratlori.
al rhurch rholr and assisted In every mu
sical entertainment piv«n. P.efore commsr
hT*> he deserted a wife and two yoang
children In lowa. ,
The wife Hecurefl a nlvnrrr ana snorr:r
thereafter he was marrl'd to a Sutstin
ynutiK lady, whom he likewise deserted.
If* left here In September. l«6. and «.ut o
that time has not ccntrlbutctl a crnt to
ward tho suppon of M* wife, nor has n*»
ever seen thefr child, which waa born .n
December of that year.
LIVELY SALOON BRAWL
IN THE EARLY HOURS
Georce Smith, who resides at CO nry
ant street, and David Humphreys, pro
prietor of the Tesla saloon, at tfA BOsstea
street, prot into an altercation at an early
hour this mornlnff and as a result both
m- were sent to the P.erelvinß HOtplUl
Smith fiifff red a contusion of the nose,
two of the «ralp and one over the eye.
while Humph escaped with three con
tusions of the scalp and numerous bruls**
on the. fare, an incised wound of the left
thumb and a number of abrasions on th«
l«nck of his hand. Dr. Dray i-nd his as-
Klntant epent fomp time dressing tho
wounds, after which both men were tak^n
to the City Prison by Officer Galloway
and booked for battery.
Humphreys, who is a man seventy years
old, Hated that Smith wan tho npirr»s
isor. He said that he had discharged him
from his employ, and he entered the Tesla
to-nlprht in an inebriated condition to
wreak vengeance. The old man tried 1 to
put him out and a general flcht resulted.
The conductor and motormrin on a pass
ink' Mission street car stopped their car
and came to the assistance of the elderly
man. otherwise he might have suffered
greatly.
Senator to Testify.
WASHINGTON ! - • -
N. H.. In r
t VlO-
KEEPING CUT FLOWERS.
Floral Beauties Preserved Fresh for
Five or Six Weeks.
H. -< Is a method by which flowers nn
bo mndf to last an<l look well after th*y
have bom cut for six weeks, or even tonc
*-r, placing them thus within the reach
of even the poorest lover of (lowers.
Kvery night they should be taken out
of the vases ami the stall: should be thor
oughly rinsed under a tap of running wa
ter, any decomposed matter being care
fully removed with the finder?.
Have ready a !■ i j iu of strong jo.ipsu.ls
and p|:u'f them In It for the ntKht. Re
cnrnrul that the water tocche* only th«
tttalks, an It would fade the .i--i.<-.t.t. r-l .4
soms; this supplies them with a certain
amount of nourishment.
Rinse the stalks the. n#*xt -■'vrnins; In
running- water, and as each bloom 1*
ready to be plnre.l in the v«se of fresh
water snip off the smallest possible por
tion of the stalk with a pair of sharp
scissors; In arranging them be very care
ful to trim away any faded pieces.
A few drops of sulphate of innmonh
must then be put In each vase every al
ternate day. and will contain all th«»
properties of good manure for keeping tfca
blossoms alive.
At night put the blossoms away In a
cool. dark place; It Is not good, either for
the flowers or the household, that they
should remain In the living, room.
To revive flowers put them into warm
salt water, to which has been added a
few drops of sulphate of ammonia.
To keep a spray cf arranged flowers
fresh place them on damp cotton under
a basin; this keeps the air always moist
and preserves their freshness. It Is espe
cially good for maidenhair fern.
Prince Henry of Orleans when he
travels takes with him a physician, a
scientist, an editor, ■ historian and a
photo»?rapher. *-ach of whom mrvkeA n.
dally contribution tn the book which U
to describe the Journey. In describing his
method at a Paris salon, a friend Ironi
cally asked: "And hat Is the hard work
which you do for your book?" "The
hardest of all." said the Prince. "I have
the overwhelming duty of roaklsff the
various accounts ngree."
A Coming Disease.— Dr. Squflls—
was the matter with that cab driver you
were called to see last night?
Dr. Kallomell— As nearly as I can de
scribe what alls him. It Is automoblilous
n*>s<» — Chirac" Tribune. •
TheWEARandTEAR
£?£* on
■ HHl^^Hr i '■■'■■- -■
\* ' s Wu\ ■ ntn t
X '■** *'*- .
; - /^-'* • W of th«
, '■> ■ ■: ■
v/xHtV hauation of
HUH* . -
"^ * iSfl IWT bo 4 jr
■i ■■ r .t>b c € of
91 their vial
bbß Hi
m 8
V for* all ihw
2i orrana ■
«^Bi fp'in la k
nerve con-
vi j, trul. a'» ,t, th *
blood vessels that supply these organs if« not
In proper tone.
Hudyan corrects the evil. >lu.lvan Jrnvlde*
the nerve force that Is lacking. I»o y-o suffer
with palnn In limbs n>. torpid llvec *>• P*»t»
in stomach or disordered digestion {T> flutter-
Ing of heart M). pal.-, wan face C. hollow,
bleary eyes (S). v- *'„ h-* or dl** nf>lt * <•>•
coated tor.uue <*>? Are you weaV nervous,
melancholy, gloomy. Is your sloer disturbed?
IDo you lack confidence In youmelf The»« are
all weak-nerve symptoms that H<*y»n curm,
Hudyan'* effect Is unlike that * »"* other
remedy. Hudyan makes one ri*i»t, hearty."
strong.
GET BLDYAN rour d«*si«t. . mc •
ULI UUUIAII packase ,i x ,packaß*s for
II .0. If your •IrUKKlit does n^t ■"" 't- nttlli a *~
rect to the HUDYAN UK.ViI>T CT>.. cor.
Ptockton. Ellis and Market stf' Ban FrancUco.
CONSULT HI*r»YAN DiCTOnS ABOUT
Youn case— fiuzi: or juarob. call.
OR WRITE.CUBAIS RELY
UPON AMERICA
Ha\«-' Faith in Promies
of McKinley.
WfOD A GENERAL FAVORITE
G VERNOR WELL RECEIVED
BY THE NATIVES.
Affecting Scene Enacted at the Mat
ing With General Goa;z,
the Famous Cuban
L-ader.
Freclal Dtfratch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Deo. CS.-Horatlo Ru
bens, prominently Identified with the Cu
ban rauM-. who was counsel for the Cuban
Junta tiurtng- the revolution and Is now
nsscclatt J with Senor <Juesada In the Cu
ban representation hero, returned to-day
fr< tn a visit to Havana. Matanzas and
eth'-r points In Cuba. where ho was ac
corded an enthusiastic reception by the
Cubans. Speaking of his übbcrxutlons. tie
eaid:
No country rm earth It mjt» at peace than
Cuba 1». The l'rcudent'* mesaase. trw declani
tl(.n» of the S«ecr«-tar> or War. lollaved by the
apbolcuarat of General Wix«i, who foe* to
rmny «ut tl.e policy ol the l'reßtdc-nt. ha\e be«-n
raottwd with universal lavor. The V€-terari!« of
ID* rexululiin niiii til «lement». e\rn thoe Rip-
I'tfJ to bt Boat at unrekt. are deeply crati
ned by lb« |.;ocianime enunciated by CJeneral
WoitJ— the reform of the court* ro as to Klve
tpeedjr trial*, the clearing of the prison* of
tfi>n- »h<j t.ave twen lansuli-hlnc i%nder the
•low j.ri<redure, the «'ntabiirhßit-nt of a ty»>
tern 01 free public and the construction
of roads, all « : !. a Mew to local :•■- ••»:ll'>
Th<fi> j urpOMa hnve met with rnutu»l appiaure
iruru !i c «_*uban«.
Fi !• nc a> th»re «,ii any doubt ii« to the
j ur;> fr of the tTnltfd States the revoiutt >n«rv
rtemcCt »tix><l almif anJ exprctant. Now. how
ever, th*->- irei ihat tl>c> rau»t conMltute the
CMMerva'Uwe J-any sn v'uba. that Im, the party
which rupporta the {lolltuat jjrojtramme <if the
lYe».:dert. 1 have lurthrr found In conversa
tion with nuiny Of the Cuban leaders the: the
iUy in Ver> rapidly ..; : t, .. ;.'-.c when al! the
• irrr.«-iu». .if tuba. even thc^e who were op
j . >• J t« the re\ ( ,hjtl(»n. will be called upon to
*'.«1 :n thf political reconstruction of the !»land
and to frrtn a coxerament in which all the
Inhabitant! of «*uba may take part. Tlie lead
t-n. of the revolution are deviniun that the
KOVemtneni t,i »>» e»tabll»he<J fhail be one that
will guarantee lire, liberty and property to all. ;
"t.ry- ar<> an»iou» to lie given the opportunity
«hi<-h J:mk l>e>-n provltied for them by i.eneral
W'oid of lakinc hold of ail de;artracnt» «n d
thu» ■ practically fittln* themselve» for the
rnxernnient that In to come. They expect that
t!..s n»» c<vernrr.ent will be established an Roon
ur tx->»F'ble. but th»y do not Insist upon un
reasonable ha»te.
So U>n< a* the Cubans are satisfied of the
lntr^tlL-tis of the Vnlt^d Slat's and fee that
{Tactical •■ :- are L<elnc tnkeij toward the
realiratl.n of their bopea they can be relied
tip.>n to ea-operaf with the American authori
ties to the fu!ieht extent. They themselves will
t-ee to It that there 1» no breach of i>eace. b«-
nu» they dehir* to Inspire confidence abroad.
*o that capita? may be invested and the pros
perity fit the ;-...•. may be assured. They
•re i>stl»?!e<l that p^ace mean* prosperity and
that prxsperlty will mean endunnt pesce.
T:.» i*ut>an« *re rrauful to the American peo
ple fir thetr Intervention and for the assist
ance :hey are now ffltiiK In the definite solu
tion . f the p.-il:i!<a! luture of the li>Und. They
rern-nijr# '.hat th" Government of the United
State* muM rt-e that t!ie Government of Cuba
ab 'Cl 1 I** fitich as to guarantee all Interest!),
liQI n« •'.:• I* :■'« > the object • ' the >';;! an* ms
«-Kpre*»e4 to me thmuth their lenders and In
<"r.ver>.itl m Vrtlb a rreat number of pnmtßM,
they Hand r*aly to aM the United States In
every t>i>*«iM« manner.
I hart talked with people representing the
t>'j»ln>-}n iniere«t». j-'par.lardg and those of the
• utoncmMm regime, an.l they too have oorifl
«lepr. < n ihe Mtuatlm. They do n^t think that
the tli.ie Is .julte arrived for them to come from
th*!r retirement and take part In politics, hut
1 -friii ihat those I'uUar.s. »H.i fnucht In the
rwottltion are ready to forret the pant and to
«<-!r<-me 'hem «hen they desire to take part In
t»-<« polltlcaj .-••Taini of th!« Inland. TTiln srlrit
"i the ran of the leader* < f the late Insurrec
tion undoubtedly »■!!! cause »:urr.rli>e. but It m
the nnc fart which ha» Imprenned me in my
rAn»'#w«ti,,n »ft!i thc»e tnrn mor» :h*a »«■. -
thlrr eW
f»«'n»!al Wood ha« met the people In a m-*t
friervSly and cordial irirlt and ha« nsked them
to e»prc»i« il-.etr cptnlrm freely in htm i.nd n.jt
to <«ir t'< enme to him In critlcliim. The < "ta
\ nr.s have ;iromi«ed him their most cordial sup
t"~rt. the iTat.lems of reorrarlzatl^n
whlrh face him are difficult, there In cwifl
dence :n his ahlllty and sincerity In their prom
ise* of co-ot*rmtlon. A /plrtt cf security now
rrevaiU.
Mr. Rub<*ni« relates many latcrwttac In
rlderjt' In connection with th«« inaua;ura
tion of General Wood. As th«» latter ar
rived <lerer.il Rodriguez, next to Gomez
1;i command, whs at the wharf to meet
Mm. Th«« old eoldWr wan nearly shot to
pirce* )n the war and hol)hle..s alonit from
the- effect of a LuJkt wound In his knee.
Geieral Wood at once Invited the old
Ojb»n It-ader to enter his carriage, and
then- wan a ch^er fmm the assembled
crowd at thlf> thoußhtful attention from
ihe new Governor General. I-ater General
Wood afked to ?ee General Gomez, and
Mr. Rubens accompanied the old com
mander 1n chief to the American head
<j<:artrr«.
It wa« a nctahle meet!r.s. the Governor
Gereral lnvitlrc the co-cperatlon of Gen
eral Gnmrz and th* latter plvlner earnest
r«urance that the Cubans had every con
fidence in General Wood and Intended to
uphold his handn.
"General. I want you to come to me as
me ?nl<!lcr comes to another," paid Gen
eral Wood, nrd the veteran fuban was
visibly affected at this expression of con
fidence from the American commander.
MURDERED BY NATIVES
AS HE WAS SLEEPING
Details of the Killing of Frank Corn-
wall. Who Was the Wealthiest
Planter in Samoa.
VICTORIA. B. C . Dee. 2*.— Details of
the murder at his S.imoan home Novem
ber 13 of Frank Cornwall, the wealthiest
T?rit!sh planter In the Samoan group, are
brought on the Aorangl. He was mur
flrred while .-isleep hy natives. Hitherto
foreigners have folt secure In times of
yie.ire becau««i> the Pamoans have looked
vipon foreigners* lives as sacred and would
never approach white men with the de-
HUrate pjr;>ose of harming them no mat
\*t wh«t aggravation thr-re might have
Tr.een. Uut this feeling toward foreigners
has charged and although young Corn
wall was generally popular he Is only one
rf reveral prominent foreigners whose
]|\<*s have been threatened.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues nd Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
HOOKS AND STATIOVRRY.
TBIi SAN IRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,^
J<? to :r<> O,tt Ptr»»t. Abov#» TowMI.
rpUOOICALa HOOKS AND STATIONKRT.
V Ct A ((i. ..; AX!> pfd I»O>.
J. C VII Sfl\ /t fft mo n*tt«ry Street.
\ FRESH AN3 SAJ.T MEATS.
'AS fJCIVr-S & Cll Phlpp«nie Butcher*. 104
. I^PI'IPHUI. , . Tel. Main 1»4.
\ JRIN FOCNDBWS.
WESTEIMOINDB\ fe * »££•
* Mi.dc to
\ PAPF ; •» n^At.pp^
WILLAME\TF pI<LP ANI> p APEn co..
\ I'HINTI.NJ.
F- C nifiHli rniNTER.
i»TATIO\n? AND TOumm ~
: . he P*TRfDGE to °yy
WHITE ASH SIAM COAL MI - " ItY
\
■\ If tll^ I . •
«t«"t. uiilce an<JY«r«li-*iO Main »tr«eu
JUDGE WILSON A. HENRY
GONE TO HIS LAST REST
Weil-Known Jurist Who Had Performed
More Marriages Than Anu Other Magis
trate in the State.
THE LATE WILSON A. HENRY.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. tt.— Justice of the Peace Wilson A. Henry died of pn*»u
monla In thli city this morning aft>r an Illness of several weeks duration.
J\:d»:c Henry ■ I the b» -t known magfstsates in California. He had
the record of 1 ' ... than any Other one man in
California -I: *' Lexington. Ky.. December 16. 1532. He
crossed the plains In ISM and st-uled in Placer County. In ISM he took up Ms
home in Woodland. Yolo County, where for two years he was editor of the Demo
crat and for two years Justice of the Peace. For four years he was ur.der-sheriff
and Tax Collector. Coming to Sacramento in 1^75. he became patent clerk and ex
nmir.cr of titles In the ofllce of the Surveyor General, filling the position four
years. For seven years he was Judge of the Sacramento Police Court, in May.
is. c 9.c 9. he was appointed Justice of thf i'cace. and held the position up to the time of
his death. He held the ofllces of master workman in the Ancient Order of United
Workmen, sachem of the lied Men •*- 1 • noble arch and noble grand arch in the
Ancient Order of Druids. Th«- Judge was married In 1876 to Mrs. S. H. Carroll of
Woodland, whose death occurred about a year ISO.
The funeral of Judge Henry will take place on Sunday next.
PREDICTS DEATH
OF THE POPE
Dire Calamities for the
New Year.
Special ruble to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrlsht. IS??, '■>• James Gordon
Bennett.
PA): X.— Apparently Inspired by
the raffuenesa ot Mm<-. de Thebes' |
tSoa 1 • Uianne ha*
more precise details from -'t rival char
latan. Bhe ■•■■ to noul Hme. Thebes'
| declaration that Venua will be the ruling
■ influence next year by prophesying thai
..•• ■Rill \* a more terrible year than 1870.
the fear which the Prench know as
■ Terrible" par excellence,
do . od and mourning are to
bur«t over many polnta of the universe
Within a year «.f t!.'
mldal.le battles will have been I
Two imp- i ■ die before
The
;fter two .lays
irdlnal n. The I'nlte.l
St.ites will encounter Insurmountable dlf!l
culties In the Philippine* and w!H be un
able to overcome the resistance "t the
native?.
FOUNDER OF REPUBLICAN
PARTY PASSES AWAY
Death of Charles E. Pike, Who Was
One of the ?lost Prominent
Public Men of the Day.
ST. PAUL* Minn.. Dec.' 2*.— Charles E.
Pike died late last night at hi.< residence
In this city. Mr, Pike was born in Calais.
Maine, April IS. ISM He was United States
Minister to The Netherlands during the
civil war. Mr. Pike came to St. Paul in
USS. In early life he was one of the first
Free Sollers and one of the founders of the
Republican party In Massachusetts. In
1*4,. while a member of the Maine I-epls
lature. he wrote the resolutions which,
according; to the custom of that time,
bro.ght before the people the name of
Taylor for th» Presidency. Later he was
one of the group of the ilrst Republicans
in the Massachusetts legislature. In 1&57
he removed to Wisconsin and founded the
Oshkosh Northwestern, which during the
war was a radical supporter of Lincoln.
In ISGS he was appointed Solicitor of the
Internal Revenue Department and Assist
ant Attorney General of the United
States.
TRADE WITH PORTO RICO.
Merchants of Eastern Cities to In-
vestigate the Matter.
NEW YORK. Doc. "- Th- Merchant*
Association of this city has begun cor
respondence with representatives of com
mercial bodies in Hoston. Philadelphia.
Baltimore. Chicago and St. Louis with a
view of securing one or more delegates
from each of ?=ald cities to join a similar
delegation in New York for the purr-os*
of visiting the island of Porto Rico ani
making ■ personal Inspection of eon li
tlons there and of ascertaining what rp
portunlt.les there are for American manu
f<vet«res.—lt |g proposed to leave here next
month or early in February.
Musicians in Session.
ASHLAND. Dee. ■.— The third annual
convention of the Rnguc Kiver Valley
rhnral I'nlon Is in session hero this \v . k
of the m st prominent musicians
up- In attendance. Vocalists from Port
land. Euk< no Grant* Pass, sfedford and
Jacksonville are taking part In the pro
pramm»-. A »;raii<l concert was Kiv»-n this
evening In tho Chaatauqua Tabernacle.
Professor w. H Kiarose of Portland is
director. The convention la the most vac
' .: of :iin thus far h«-l>l.
Do You Know All That Has Been
Done in the Nineteenth CenturyP
Colonel John P. Irish knows how to pre
sent facts tersely and yet In a most 1.1
teresting way. He has made a complete
review of the wonderful progress of •»>»
nineteenth century. and be doesn't take a
hundred pases to do It in. either. His ar
ticle Is Just the one you want to read to
refresh your memory and make you real*
Ire the great advance In the world* civil
isation. Look out (or it In next Sunday's
CalL
THE SAN FHAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1899.
FUNERAL OF
GENERAL LAWTON
Ceremony to Take Place
Saturday.
Special Plupatch to The Call.
MANILA. Per. 2S.— Tho funeral of Ma.lir
ral Henry \v. Lawton will take piace
turday. Th. escort will consist o: a
1 art the Fourteenth Infantry, two
rt • ..■ airy and Taylor's
ry. Generals Mac Arthur, Bates,
n and Kobbe and Roar Ailmlr.\l
in will be honorary pallbearers. The
be actual pall.
■ t'U; .it this funeral General Law.
■tiiff will act as such. The m ni
f the stafT who will carry tho coffln
are C"«>i..n.;^ Starr and Edwards Majo-s
Dravo, Knlpht ar,«l lloj;or« ami
< aptalns Kins;. Bewell and Puller. Chap
lain Pierce will conduct services at tho
wharf. .Mo win also accompany tho body
on the transport Thomas m tho United
The jruard of honor on tho trar«
j"jrt wm »>»• Berveant Simon, color-bearer,
wno i.s the only m.mber of r.onorai Law
ton s original troop of cavalry l---r
irumpi-t.T Haberkan, who will blow tap*
over tho rrav< of General Lawton at Ar
lington; Private <»kum. who wan tho <on
eral s orderly, ami Mohrhu.scn. an orderly.
LOCAL COMMITTEE.
A number of prominent business men of
San Francisco Interested in the Lawton
fund met at General Shafter's office yes
terday morning, and as a result of the
conference it was decided to organise a
committee to push the work in securing
contributions. The committee mot In the
afternoon at the office of the Union Iron
Works and organized by electing A A
watklns president and Leon Sloss secre
tary. The other members are: Henry T
Scott, John F Boyd. R. P. Schwerln.
Henry Rosenfeld. Andrew Carrlgan C O.
< linen. \\ H Taylor. Charles Nelson,
brnsi A. Denlcke. \v. F. Bowers. Georire
W. Hendry and C. A. Hooper.
a meeting of the full committee will be
held this morning at 10 o'clock at the
office of the Union Iron Works. 222 Market
street. Plans for further Increasing the
fund being raised here will be decided on
at that meeting.
Yesterday's contributions were as fol
lows:
Previously Acknowledged | 15€9 on
California Cnmmandery. Loyal Lotion 23 ■
Edward J. McCutchen. Mills bulWlnp.... 2500
Col. K. M. Cox. paymaster, U. S. army.. 2000
Colonel \v. It. Bmcdberc 5 00
Henry B. Keller -£'£ 5$
W. H. ncatty. Chief Justice Supreme
Court 6 go
A. C Lowell, Fort Win oil. Modoc
County. Cal 500
Totlll 11659 00
Adjutant General Corbin has tele
graphed General Shafter as follows:
WASHINGTON Dec. •«!
We have about $35,000 subscriptions received
here ami nt the various cities where subscrti>
t!on lists are cren. It is desired to Increase
this very considerably, and. we hop* that the
I*-ople on the Pacinc Const win make a Rood
Knowing. Have concluded to keep subscription
lists open until night of January I when list
of •crlbers and money should be sent to
Washington.
AMERICAN PRISONERS
IN GILLMORE PARTY
Appended Is a list of American prison
ers at Kongene; who were all in good
health up to November 17: Lieutenant J.
Gillmorc. W. Walton, P. Vandort. E. Ells
worth, T. Brisolese. L. Edwards. J. An
derson, A. Petersen. Harry Huber, w
Bruce. K. Il<>n<>yni<>n. A. Uishop and J.
O'Brien, a miner of London, Eng. .
N. Bpnnlchsen of this city received the
foregoing from his son Albert, who Is now
in the Philippines. General Otis and Ad
miral Watson have requested him to re
main for the purpose of acting as guide
to the party that la to rescue the pris
oners. "
Death of Elijah True.
NAPA. Dor. 2R.-KIIJah True, a native
of Now York, seed 82 years, died Wednes
day <>f paralysis. Ho crossed the plains in
an ox team In lSi>3 and has resided "n
Napa County erer since. He was the sec
ond oldest member of Napu Lodge. I. O.
NO REMORSE FOR
HIS BRUTAL DEED
Crockwell Hoped His'
Wife Would Die.
WOMAN MAY YET RECOVER
DOSE OF CARBOLIC ACID FI
NALLY ENDED HIS LIFE.
Injured Woman Says That Crock
well's Father Also Killed His
Wife and Then Com
mitted Suicide.
Special Dl.«ratch to The Call.
HALFMOON BAY. Dec. 28-Fred
Crockwell, the farmer who murderously
assaulted his wife at their home In Blen
heim, about six tulles from this place, on
Tuesday morning 1 , died at 2 o'clock this
morning. Mrs. < "ruck well has a chance to
recover.
The trouble was over a small amount of
money Mrs. Crockwell had saved from
the sale'of the farm produce and which
she refused to turn over to her husband. i
Words led to blows. and Crockwell pro- ;
cured a small ax and struck his wife, a
blow on the temple, cutting a deep gash
three inches long. The blow forced the ax
bead from the handle and he struck her
With the handle, knocking her down, and
then rushed into the kitchen, where he ,
secured a marline spike. He returned and ;
again assaulted his wife. Lifting her
from the iloor by the ear. he showered
blow after blow upon her, breaking three
of her ribs en the left side and tearing
away the ear by which he held her. The
weapon flew from his band and out of the j
Window. He left the house to recover It,
and Mrs. Crockwell, although seriously
wounded, escaped to a neighbor's house
and told of the affray.
After the departure of his wife Crock
well went to the barn and drank a portion
of the contents of an eight-ounce bottle of
Carbolic acid. He was found there In an
unconscious condition when the authori
ties arrived and was taken to the house
for medical treatment. He regained con
sciousness later In the day and when told
that his wife was dead said: "I am glad
she Is; i Intended to finish her for good."
Mrs. Crockwell gave the Information
that her husband's father killed his wife |
some twenty-six years ago and then com- I
mitted suicide. i
Crockwell served six months In th«»
County Jail here for beating his wife
some eight years aero. The aged couple
were in straightened clrcumstanes. the
products of their little thlrteen-acro farm
belnp the sole source of livelihood. The
property was mort&uged for 51200. They
had no children.
CHINESE MURDERER
EMBRACES CHRISTIANITY
After Conversation With Albert Hoi?
He Decides to Become a Romnn
Catholic.
SAX QIIEXTIN PRISON. Dee. 2S.— No
longer will the great jos3 be invoked by
Ho See, the Chinese murderer of Tuiare,
who will be executed on January 5. Ho
See has embraced Catholicism. And.
strange to say. Albert lion*, the murderer
of Mrs. (lute, Is the moving spirit in the
religious fervor which has placed a veil
between the Chinaman's past and present.
With death staring him In the face the
Bavarian murden-r's thoughts have
turned to the religion of his childhood,
nnd when In his dally hour of exercise h*
met the Chinese homicide the conversa
tion which panned between the two was
chiefly on the subject of the consolations
offered to repentant sinners by the Cath
olic church.
About a week ago Ho See, desiring to
become confirmed in the faith of whose
truth Hoff had convinced him, sent for
Father Sullivan, the spiritual adviser of
California's criminals, who in a few days
will baptize the Oriental.
Ho See Is convicted of a peculiarly
brutal murder, committed early in the
year and on one of his own nation.
Father Sullivan states that he an un
usually bright and Intelligent man. He
shows no trace of fear and will probably
meet hi* death with the phlegmatic In
difference which characterizes his race
If*- will be the tlrst to meet the death
penalty under Warden lire's regime.
Ysabel Molina, the. Bakersflel I murderer,
who will expiate his crime exactly one
week afterward, has also been constantly
attended by Father Sullivan, and the rev
erend gentleman states that the Mexican
feels truly repentant and has confessed
the Justice of the penalty he Is to pay.
Father Sullivan Is greatly interested In
the work of conversion among the prison
ers and Is unceasing in his efforts to
spread the doctrines of his creed among
the tenants of the gloomy pile which con
stitutes San Quentin penitentiary.
REVOLUTION BREAKS
OUT AFRESH IN COLOMBIA
Efforts to Effect a Compromise Be
tween the Insurgents nnd the
Government Fail.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Dec. B>—Colom
bian advtCCl My endeavors to effect ;i
compromise between the Government a:. 1
i the Insurgents have tolled, resulting in a
renewal o( hostilities. <im the Pacific s!.v
both parties are marking time, while on
the Atlanta- Hde severe nßhtlriK ),
rurrod. The Government troops t ..••
pears, broke th.' truce and attacked the
j insurants no.ir Baranquilla, who retreat
ed after a stubborn battle. The Go\. n- r
ment forces subsequently foil into
and stiff' red severe losses. General Casia
banca was wounded. Both sides ar.> ap
parently powerless to hold the advantages
rained, occasioning p< pular disgust and
clamor for foreign Intervention in beiuiif
of rommcrdal anil concessloned Industriu]
Interests, which are threatened with ruir.
IRRIGATION PROBLEM.
Will Be Discussed at the Farmers
Meeting in Pasadena.
PASADENA. Dec. 2*.— Among the speak
ers who will attend the University Farm
ers' Club Convention, that opens Its ses
sion In Pasadena Monday, January I. will
be George H. Maxwell, chairman of the
executive committee of the Irrigation
Congress. Mr. Maxwell, owing to the im
portance of this convention, has been i«
quested to meet the delegates that will at
tend from Southern California, and In or
der to meet the engagement is now en
route from Washington. I!" will arrive
in Pasadena on Monday and will partici
pate In the night session of the first day
of the convention that will be devoted to
the water problem.
Mr. Maxwell will speak on "The Water
| Problem In California." Other addresses
relating to the same subject will be de
livered by J. I Ippencott of the United
I States Geological Survey: "Water Reser
voirs." by Charles E. Richards. California
secretary of the National Irrigation A*-...
ciation; "Economical Tse of Water in Ir
rigation." by James Morgan of the Santa
Harbara association, and "Pumi>iT»
Water." by Dr. G. C. Baldwin of the
Claremont Club.
BULLET IN HIS BREAST.
Believed That Ed Kester Attempted
to Commit Suicide.
SAN JA'IS ORISPO. Dec. 25.-Ed Kos
ter. 22 years of age, and a son of James
Kestrr. Is lying at his home In a criti
cal condition as the result of a bullet
wound in his left breast just above the
heart. Dr. McLanßOn of Paso Robles
I who is attending the Injured man, saws he
i will probably recover.
Young Kf-ster sustained the wound
while on the Kester ranch, nine miles
from Paso Robles, on the Adelaide road
It Is claimed that the wound was self
inflicted. This* Is., however, denied by
some, who say the, shooting was acci
dental.
Wedding Invitations, visiting cards, fine
writing papers, tablets and papeterles in
our stationery department. Greatest va
riety &nd best values. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
THE EMPORIUM.
mmMsm m W I H>tDd ]
For the balance of many lines of goods bought exclusively 3
for the holiday trade, and now on display and sale on \
Bargain Tables — Center Aisle. I
Handkerchief Boxes, Rich Dress Patterns, Bohemian Va cs, : ?
Glove Boxes, Photograph Albums, Bisque Figures, *
Fine Fans, Folding Desks, Bisque Ornaments, :J: J
Silk Cushions, Hammered Brass Goods, Empasto Vases, "j
, Piano Scarfs, Hand-Painted Bcxes, Glass Epergnes, *
Silk Table Covers, . Toile: Sets, Pen Wipers, -J
Mouchoir Cases, Pin Cushions, Paper Weights, •;
■ x
One-Quarter OIL
Our entire fIV £11
stock of Men's W
$15 Overcoats JtL^fe^
—without re- . /^WJ\ %
serve— will be / ()w\ I \
on sale Friday^ ' , vl^ W\
and Saturday \ In V&U
at exactly one' p
quarter off the I .r-';::'. r -'; : : ' j
regular price. \\\\ TTTTI
The line embraces Coverts and I / II
Whipcord in nobby tan shades, i 1/1
fast color blue or brown Ker- \ I / II
seyp, olive Herringbones, pray i I l\
or black Clay Worsteds, black 11/ ___ & J [.. l]
Vicunas and Thibet?, plain or <^2*-~ v*^"l Li . '*"
mixed Cheviots. » " «pb ,
For Two Days the Price $11.25.
One -Quarter Off All
Boys' $5 Two-Piece
Suits, for Ages 9 to
16 Years.
This includes any double-breasted coat and kne? pants ?5 suit in '
the house, and the offer is made for Friday and Saturday only,
when the price will be $3.75.
=================
OroooHom and Liquors. |<
The choicest of Pure Foods and Wines and Liquors for the holidays at the lowest 5
retail prices which high-grade goods can be sold for. Assortments are complete; 2
service and delivery first class. Direct Grocery Telephone — South 19. jS
Olive Farcies (stuffed with anchnv'cf) l<>t-1l <>t- 1
tie 3So\
New Finnan Haddies, lb 15 ?
Best Smoked Halibut, lb Oo \
California Ripe Olives, quart 25c
Jordan Almonds, lb sti :
Fancy Imperial Prunes, o-lb boxes... 6Dc
Pure de Foi Gras, tin 2itG
California Sweet Peas, tin lOc
Fancy Cluster Raisins, 5 Crown, \b..2Oc
East India Chutneys, bottle 35
Walnuts i large and sweet- lb 15c
Imported Russian Caviar, tin 35c
Half -Price W io#&* *** ainudl ® Hal Reduced ;S
to close pa W ©«j> fl^B^ra Ufecaße Sazaaip. SI to Closo 5
Ouim CALIFORNIA'S' LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Oui ' x
WRECK DELAYS
COLE WARRANTS
Friends Confident That
He Is Innocent.
Pperl.il Dispatch to The Call.
L.OS ANGELES. Dec. 2S.— The warrant
and other legal documents that have been
pent from Boston for the arrest of former
President Charles 11. Cole, of the wrecked
Globe Bank, who has been under sur
veillance of United States officers during
the week, were to-day expected, but the
wrecking of the Santa Fe train east of
San Bernardino has delayed the delivery
of mall. Should the papers arrive to
morrow. Cole will be formally placed
under arrest and taken before the United
States Commissioner for examination.
Cole does not exhibit a disturbed demean
or, but expresses a willingness to return
to Boston.
Judge Hunsaker. counsel for Cole, dons
not breatho an Intimation as to what
course he will take In behalf of his client,
brushing aside all attempts at Interviews
with the statement that h<« will abide his
time until the Eastern documents are
fully examined.
From friends of Cole It Is learned that
there is no contradiction of the fact that
the banker made considerable overloans.
and it Is alleged that a portion of these
were to the copper companies In which
he was Interested, but these friends also
point out that he turned over cash and
securities valued at J1.G00.000. and they as
sort that even at the low value on copper
stocks, under ordinary . circumstances
these would more than cover the over
loans. It Is also indicated that Cole re
ceived what amounted to a clearance, so
far as he was concerned, of the Indebted
ness. There Is every Indication at least
that he will be able to make a strong
legal battle.
Cole's friends do not hesitate to declare
that the failure of the bank was not due
to a shrinkage of the bank's securities,
hut to a lisht made hy the Stumlurd Oii
Company against the Independent copper
companies. In one of which Cole was
largely Interested.
TJNION REFORM PARTY.
Middle-of-the-Road Men and Demo-
crats Organize.
HASTINGS. Nebr., Dec. 2S.— Under the
banner of the Union Reform party over
threercore delegates met here to-day and
effected a State organization. The mid
dle-of-the-road element i.- behind the plan
and the spirit of that branch of Populism
was rampant.
The convention was sprinkled by Demo
crats, but at no time during the confer
ence was Mr. Kryan's name mentioned.
GAGE AIDS THE BANKS.
Designates Several as Depositories
for Internal Revenue.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury to-day designated
several additional national bank* as Gov
ernment depositories to receive Internal
revenue receipts, and, it is said, will con
THE EMPORIUM.
Half Price, 1
Tailor Jackets, Suits, 'I
After Chrlstmis there are many lots of Garments 3"
t v at should be gone — they must go this week. .5
Here are prices that are little more than half {]
original figures: .«j
$22. 50 Dress cut to $12. 50 __^r. •?
— This broad wale C^mel's-Hair Chsv- JEft/X )l
iot Tailor Dress and several other ig~ffly -^
styles in grays, blue and brown; newest *\fi "5
and best styles; wera $22.50: cut. to Jl -■ a ."«
clean up the lot, to $12. 50 /f'sS^X "2
$4.00 Skirts cut to $2.25 (7\ (\ J
—An assorted lot of plain and plaid /\»J A I •'
Skirts; various fashionable colors', in- / \ 1 /)cl «2
eluding Borne black; were $4.00 each; // Js// *
cut now, to clean up the lot, to /// /*?3Ov # M
$7.25 "I V\i 5
$15, $16.50 Jackets cut to \ k 'J
$13.00— Assorted lot of our best i I\ Jt
and newest All-wool fa -.'.<. K. r- I \\ &
sey?. Coverts and other materials* not / , Jj\ \ fl
many of each kind, but many kinds, * /// a\ \ '%
nearly all colors, were *15 and 51G.50, /// J \ 5l
and a few of them $18; cut now, to / / / I /• \ "2
clean up the lot, to $">.9f9" > .9f9 Lyi U' 1 I"5
$8.50 Gapes cut to $5.Q0 L J>^ — m
—Assorted lot of all kinds of new t^*"^ *j
Capes— Golf. Velour and Cloth— £
some of which are worth regularly $10.00; most of them ~X
$8.50, and just a few that were $7.50; cut now, to clean up {■
the lot, to $5.00 «
5i.50 Wrappers CUt to 98c Now dark Flannel- >
ette Wrappers, shoulder trimmed with ruffle and finis- with ;l
black and white braid; lined waists; all 3i*w; were $1.50; rut V
now. to clean up the lot, to 08c ;f
$6 SO Silk Waists cut to 05- Assorted lot ••»
of Black Silk Taffeta Waists, newest style, all sizes; Ym»<\\ j^
were $6.50; cut now, to clean up the lot, to $4.05 i
Best Asparagus, tin 25c
Imported Smyrna Fig?, lb 25c
Uneeda Crackers 3 packages 25c
Italian Chestnuts, lb . tso
Ghirardelli's Eagle Chocolate, cake .. .
- i>3c
Large Edam Cheese, each 85c
Cape Cod Cranberries, quart fOe
Kentucky Bello Bourbon, bottle 75c
Full quart bottlas good quality Brandy....
75c
Old Government Bourbon Whiskey, bottle..
.95c
tinue to do so until the total sum so d<>
; ' 'I amount* to J3o.ooli.iioo or $4rt 000 iw>
Deposits, however, win not »>.• mad
the additional banks until rhe hank* com
prising the tirst group, designated b<
aays ago. have received oepoalts
to the amount of bondfl turned Into the
treasury i>> td.-m as security, which an
proxlmatea H7.800.000. It . thai
the deposits will begin to f.e mad.- under
the n»-w designations about January l>
Any national bank owning or controlling
I nited States bonds and willlnp: to de
posit the lame in the treasury as
ritv. including th«i>... : m r. >eivlng de
posits, la entitled to participate In this
distribution cf Internal revenue receipt 1 -.
GIVEN TRIAL TRIP.
Torpedo Boat Destroyer Goldsbor
ough Makes Splendid Record.
I' 'KTI.ANI'. Or., I
boat destroyer Goldsborough, which the
Wolff & /wicker Iron Works of ihn city
have practically completed, was given her
fir.<t contractors' trial to-day on the
Columbia River. Her performance I
was considered remarkable by the
officers on !">.ird. She steamed sixty mllea
at half-speed without the sligl
dent to her machinery. The Goldsborough
on h. r official trial will be required to
make thirty knots an hour.
J| You Look Well,
JiMM • but do yy ° U col well? Your looks
»^PB might lend one to believe that you
ffSffiM. i§3£» were in the best or health, while nt
jfflWß ' J*«iiip the snrn " time you are suffering
SR^I fflj&jr inwardly. Perhaps your back is
Tjfffflß w ;_^r wenk, or your limbs are drnwti
with Rheumatism; or it may b«
MttonßfB| that you are troubled with ircinticn,
£g%&jlstt Lumbago or Varicocele. For the«e
VO&Vfij&fm diseases I hove a quick and surj
rv^OTPHIMBi cure known as mv
II Dr, Sandeii Electric Belt.
MX B? There has never been a case yet
L^ Effl which it has failed to cure, and
v W| unlike all others, it never burns or
Be I*B blisters the skin.
■£ *^L V - V " McC of Son B.'rnnr-
dino writes: "I was troubled with
Rheumatism and Neuralgia, but aft?r the usa of ycur
Ee.t am now a perfectly well man." •
Send for my free book, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN,"
which explains all. Consultation and advice fr^e. Offio
hours 9to 6. Sundays 10 to 1.
DR. T. A. SANDEN, l 8 third street.
119 3 Booth S;riag Strait, Loj Aafilts, 0*1. ; Buhl Baildiagr. Fartltal, Or.
THE EMPORIUM.
! NaglM Brandy (white label \ 28 years old. -2
j bottle SI.SU "2
Port or Sherry, 4 bottles for 5/-90 M
■ Assorted after-dinner Cordials, bottle M
$:.on M
j Choice 6-year-old Bourbon Whidkey. gallon S
j v D - sj.oo '2
Harper Rye or Bourbon Whiskies, Ken- a
tucky's choicest product, gallon M
54.50 - bottle, si'.oa *
j Port, Sherry or Angelica, gallon. .*I.OO 2
Choice Old Claret, dozen quart bottles «|
1 *-*•«* 'J
GENERAL DAVIS CALLED
FROM PORTO RICO
Will Confer With the President Bela
tive to the Government
of the Islands.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23. - Brtgndler
General Davis. Military Governor of Porto
Rico, has been fummoned to Washington
11(1 ls expected to arrive here In the early
if next wr.-k.
sired at this time In connection with the
framing of legislation for the new rov
i»t with # 1 i? rto . . Hlco - lle w!U flr « "on
rer with the President and Secretary Hoot
?» n ' l iJ> hh * ll T n , with the B*nate8 *nate Committee ort
I arlflc Islands and Porto Rico, of which
Senator Foraker is chairman.
It la tlie purpose of the committee f >
pet to work Immediately upon a bill pro
viding for the new Kovernment of Porto
Rico, and Senator Foraker expects to ob
tain much valuable assistance from Gen
eral Davis In working: 01 '.he detail* of
the proposed measures. The. administra
tion li.i.* entirely abandoned the Idea of
nppolntlntr a Civil Governor for Porto
Rico pending action by Congress.
The man who plavi the inme >>f pulltlcs
• KMI of UM il-allnic.
56
— "^ — =
FRIDAY EMBER 29. 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ali Communications to W. i;. LEAKE, Manager
PUIMCATION OFFICE ...Market and Third. S. F.
1 • I- 1 li.in.- .Main 180 S.
;;tJII ultl %|. ROOMi 217 to 221 Stcvennon St.
Telephone Mnln 1h74.
Delivered l»y rnrrlrr*. 1C Cent* Per Week.
Mncle Cople*. .", Cent*.
Term* by Mall, Including Po«tnirei
It « 1 1 A ( (I! (lix'luilini; >nmlaj-|. one ye«r..»G.OO
DAILY 1 Ml (Inrladlnir Snnday). O month*.. <*»
DAILY CAM. 1 Including Mm.lnj >. » mou t . . UO
I) *II \ CALL — B) Mnt-lc Mouth •'••"<■
M M»AV 1 (1.1. One War l«S*
Ui;i:iiLV < M.I. One Year '. 1 •<*>
All po«tmaii(rr« ore authorlred to receive
• riptlonn.
•»n tuple roplrt will be forwarded when rrqnf»trd
HIM Ml OFFICE IW)S Hronilw«r
c. c.l 'IK. r. kjiog\bss,
Mnnocrr !'nrrl|tn Advertl*lnir. Marrinette Build
in*. Cblcaico.
SEW VOniC COriIIESPOXDKXTI
C. C. CAHUTO.V Urrald Square
M \\ Vdllli REPRESENTATIVE!
I'CRnY II Kill JR 20 Tribune Building
< UK *<.<! HSU STAXDSt
Sherman llou«. ; P. O. \fm Co.i Great Vorih
< m liulrl; Fremont Iloune; Auditorium Hotel.
M.W YORK M: *> stands 1
Waldorf-Aatorla Hotel i A. Urentano, 31 Tnlc.a
Sqßßrri Murray Hill Hotel.
WASIUXGTOX <D. C.) OFFICE.. Wrllinctnn Hotel
J. F. I MUII, Correspondent.
iIR*\CH OFFICES — T. 27 MontKome>r street, cor
nor lay. open until ;»:.':<» o'eloeU. 3<M» llavn
utreet. open until f*:'.U* o'clock. «►:[?» MeAllloter
• treet. open until !»::*.!• o'clock. 015 I.nrMn
• treet. open until !l::ii» o'clock. If>4l Ml— !■■
■ treet. open antll M o'clock. »i!«ll 3lnrket
• irrn. corner •»i»t«-«-nth. open until t) o'clock.
1O!MI Valencia street, open until 0 o'clock.
ICHI i:irwmh «treet. open until II o'clock.
\\\ corner Tnrniv.«rrnnil and Kentucky
Hrrcln. >i|n ti until It o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrhfum— Vaudeville.
Colua-.bla— 'The Christian".
California— ••Ciur.bcrland "£l."
California— l)e Varhmanj) tJ;!? afternoon.
TlroU— "UtUe 110-repp."
A.hair.bra — "Klack Pattl Troubadours."
(Iran 4 O?pra-hnu*<»— •'SlnUad."
Alrazar— '■Chlir.mlr FaOd^n."
Chutis. Zoo and Theater— Vaudevlll* every afternoon and
evening.
OJjrmpla, Uason and Hllis • ots— Specialties.
Metropolitan Ital]— Lecture.
"aklanrt Itace Track— Rar-M».
AUCTION SALES.
Hy riia«o & Mendenhall— Tuesday. Januarj* 2. at 11 o'clock.
Van Kcsa St»li!^«<, at KM Van XeM arenue.
BANKS AS VAMPIRES.
Tmancc
to prove
We asked for an instance in which a bank had
sought j>rofit by the ruin of its debtors, effected by
locking up money to depress prices. In answer the
emergency bond sale by President Cleveland is
quoted. That, however, was a transaction that bears
ro resemblance to the process which the Chronicle
fears banks may indulge in to enrich themselves by
the ruin of tin community. The rapid drain of gold
from the treasury had brought the reserve to the
danger line. Unless it were replenished it was a mat
ter perhaps of hours for the treasury to go broke,
specie payments suspend and the public credit get a
blow that would cripple it indefinitely. Congress
sullenly refused to come to the rescue of the Govern
ment when all the facts were .calmly and frankly laid
before it by the President. It was actuated by the
same stubborn and destructive spirit that is in the
opposition to current measures of financial reform.
The President had no time to appeal to the country,
to advertise bonds for the competition of bidders.
On one side was the immediate prospect of an insol
vent treasury, on the other an ignorant and hostile
Congress. To meet the emergency the contract was
made for gold on the bc*t terms at which the large
amount required could "be had in the short time left
to the President to save the public credit. No
bankers were locking up money to depress the pre
mium on bonds; the Government was a desperate
borrower.
When the last bond i'-sue for the purpose of replen
ishing the gold reserve was made by that administra
tion the President did not wait until an emergency
<*. Knowing that
era] ad\
•id the bank* of
extent thai
;nmen<-cly in excels
. ivcrnnifnt. and the
• •
factory to tlu -
This opportunity to lock up money, lower prices
and take a cinch out of the Government wat not im
proved, though according to the Chronicle's idea it
♦vas ju<-t <uch a situation as tempts banks to play
vampire. As no other evidence of such sordid policy
on the part of banks is offered, and this evidence is
inapplicable, we consider the charge withdrawn be
cause unsupported.
: on a plan by which m
at theii own
If they have other currency to pay on checks it
r.'.nkcs no difference which they pay out or which they
retain. The currency is not being contracted as long
as they meet the demand for it. But if a national
bank having its own bills on hand and having paid
out all other forms of currency in its possession
should refuse to honor ■ depositor's check in fa own
bills, or should destroy its bills to prevent their cir
culation, we arc of opinion that some one responsible
for such a bank would pet into the penitentiary.
. method for <!
UUh rra,son for any banV
Mnar.cial
1: the charge brought
1 <>i being a needed in
IKag I want in modern
cnnim.i  a menace to
the community and shooM ' • <•.!
The fact is, however, that banks of issue have no
more power over the volume of currency when it is
once emitted and it the property of the people than
any other banks of deposit which loan money and
sell exchange.
Rabbits arc so scarce that the usual Wednesday
coursing had to be suspended this week. Here is
an opportunity for some of these patent hair re
storers.
I / public with views upon the Philippines, in in
*■ in | ihed by the New York Indepen
<l«m. H< affirms tlu- honesty of Aguinaldo and his
sincere dcv« tion to self-government and indepen
ses of the people he declares them
. . teachable, tractable, honc-t
Tlir common exhibition ot <lrunkcn:u--->
jnaken a bad impression, for he
ilar condition. He
n.^uts ihat tlic American saloon has been founded
.mil has ich a firm hold. Readitiß his
.■ n< ii :■ .; • •! bj r-.Kret that we have been
compelled to go ihoottl 'c of such qualities,
that our advent among them i- remembered for
the widespread sorrtw. BufiFering, slaughter and de
stmction that have followed our pro^n.---.
SCh|URMAN'S VIEWS.
A recent writer 1. -ed regret that wherever
Russia appears i autocratic government is
.bt under Muscovite do
minion find that they have onlj exchanged Oriental
lental despotism, and that the exotic article
rorse than the indigenous. Americans may find
themselves regretting that our advent into Asia is in
. the aspect of a conqueror, denying to a people the ful
fillment of their dream of republican self-government
This country would have enriched its place in history
if it had respected Aguinaldo's honest devotion to
' the principles of our government and. acting as a
friend instead of a conqueror, it had been the means
of setting up an Asiatic republic, independent and
telf governing, as a new light of Asia to spread re
ican principle* by example. As Mr. Schurman
- the people they have the qualities which
! have made such a government possible. When
he turn" to the religion- aspect of the problem his
%<•:•> if it indicate* difficulties of the gravest
uature. The millions of Christians in the islands are
people in whose breasts we have apparently
planted the nir:- ■ry of harshness and injustice. To
the non-Christian Mahometans only have we gone as
nd. We have recognized and affirmed among
them polygamy and slavery, and instead of killing
them and destroying their property we are paying
their ruler- salaries and agree to protect their reli
and t'nir institutions.
Tl • ins are universally Catholics. After all
it speaks well f<T Spanish policy that, with all its
the people who were brought under it cm
i with fervor and devotion the religion of Spain.
Mr Schurman is very anxious to introduce Pr ■■
antism into the islands as the religion of the new
I the people, but he makes the impo
• n that only one Protestant sect shall enter
that P.eld. because in each of our sectarian div
tl.r people will see only a different and antagoni~t : -
If made a working policy this means that
our civil power shall nominate the Protestant sect
•. ho*e keeping shall he put the salvation and
tual interests of the natives. Only the exercise
h power can keep the rival sects from that
rk which each insists upon organizing
and i ■ . among distant people-.
Great Britain can do such a thing, and when the
power exists in the Government of the conqueror it
i- undoubtedly a wise policy. When Kitchener de
ed the Dervish power in the Soudan he was
able to stipulate that all Christian missionaries should
■ :luded from the country, and. recognizing Ma
■ :ani<m as the be^t spiritual thought for the pco
he immediately secured an endowment for a
great Mahometan university at Khartoum or Om
durman, in which Islam is to be taught to the people
• power and purity.
But where iiin«-t we go to find authority for our
judge between the sects and, selecting
■ ■lie. to repudiate ail others? It i<- easy to >cc that if
<-uch power be asserted, if authority to exclude all
•ant sect be found, it necessarily im
plies the right to exclude all. and the Catholic hier
archy will claim, with a strong color of right, that all
should be forbidden to enter, and that our Govern
ment shall introduce there an American priesthood
•ill further intrench the church in a field that it
has occupied for three centuries.
It will be seen that wherever we touch the issue of
our conquest the most afflicting problems arise. Their
nature is such that their effects cannot be confined
the inlands themselves, hut they are
immediately n k upon our domestic polity
liridc our own people upon line^ that will se
riously concern the social welfare at home.
If we had chosen another course in the Philippines
id led them in the path of independence and
. ivernmcnt which they longed to follow, all tlie-c
piritnal and civil, would have been left
t" them to solve. The ?trupple for their solution
roold have been in the nature of discipline in gov
ernment.
How idle it i 1i 1 - to talk of devoting ourselves to the
spiritual and civil welfare of ten millions of alieni i
tar away, when in the midst of us arc thirteen millions
<>f nn ■ ■ M alien race, whose civil rights. J?uar
' -\ by our constitution. are universally disrespected
and whose efF< ritual advancement arc more
commonly the subject of jest and sneer than of help
ful effort and sympathy.
It that what «i peoplr will not do at
thrir own doOfl they will not <lo far away.
This is not a harsh judgment of the American
character. It is 'imply rewriting the trtith of our his
•<ry We have never anywhere shown the capacity
c fli-pn<;ition to deal fairly with any race hut our
own. The mighty energies which have upraised it.
the virility which ha«; perpetuated it. the penius which
Made it the lordly race of the temperate zone, arc
elements in the physical nature of things. They carry
with them impatience and contempt for the raciil
qua! 1 ' c • ; coplt alien to us in Mood, who can never
assimilate our ways. These facts may as well he rcc
ognired now as later on.
-tma^tcr General Heath having made
trouble for hfansdf by an order forbidding the em
;ient of the Drives of clerk* in the department has
made the matter worse by issuing an explanation, in
which he says: "The impossibility of retaining two
clerks who marry each other is due to the peculiar
tsonablenesi of brides and groom*. Perhaps
there is no reason why two good clerks should not
r< main Rood clerks after they are married, but the un
alterable fact i* that they don't. • * • Two mar
ried clerks arc a source of discord to any office!""'
American neutrality with reference to the belliger
ents in the Transvaal seems to be susceptible of two
interpretations. At present the State Department can
sec no harm in allowing shipments of Chicago beef to
the Briti-li army, although it is lying awake rights
trying to head off similar consignments to the Boers,
thing, this neutrality.
li ;» -prints anew in the North End breast. The
Supervisors have notified the bondsmen of Batenrin
Rrothers to £<-t a move on pretty pronto or some
thing will drop.
The century mark dispute will never be ended un
til old Time calls it off and decides it a draw
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1899.
F\ FTER the splendid vote cast for park extension
/ \ on Wednesday it hardly seems needful to urge
upon the attention of voters the importance of
the issues at stake in the elections to-day. Still there
ib always danger that the feeling produced by a
-.\tt;.!iiK victory may incline many of the victors to
become over-sanguine and neglectful of the strength
of the opposition. The men who carried the day for
progress on Wednesday should be sure, therefore, to
ro to the polls to-day and make another victory cer
tain.
As there has been little or no open opposition to
the proposal for issuing bonds for the purpose oi
providing for the completion of a good sewer system,
the construction of a city and county hospital and
the enction of seventeen new schoolhouses.many of
the advocates of progress may regard the result as
already assured and deem it a matter of no moment
whether they go to the polls or not. All such feel-!
ings should be set aside. Even if there were no an
tagonist at all in sight it would still be worth while 1
for every public-spirited citizen to vote in order that
the vote cast for progress may be sufficiently large to
• the widespread popular demand for it.
It is not to be doubted that the various improve
ments contemplated in the issues of the election are
of the highest importance to the community. The
health of the city has been due in the past mainly to
the natural advantages of the locality. As the city
increases in size, however, and the density of the
population becomes greater, the need of an adequate
sewer system becomes more urgent. As for the
schoolhouses it is well known that they are veritable
necessities. We have so far outgrown our school
edifices that at present the deficiency in that provision
for public education has become something of a mu
nicipal disgrace. Much the same can be said of the
proposed city and county hospital. It is a necessity
of the community and should be provided promptly
in the interests of charity and humanity.
Once morr, therefore, the progressive citizens
should go to the polls to cast their votes for a greater
and better San Francisco. They should be resolve-l
to repeat to-day the triumph of Wednesday. We have
begun the forward movement and it should be kept
moving. There should be no slackening of popular
energy jo long as anything remains to be done.
MANKIND GROWING BETTER.
\A AX NORDAU and hi> followers have set
/ \ forth many reasons for their creed that civil
* i/ed man is degenerating mentally, morally
and physically. They have pointed to the grind of
factory labor, to the strain of life in crowded cities
and tv the u-<e of impure foods as conditions which
tend to sap the vitality of the race and render it un
duly nervous, excitable and irritable. As evidences
of this alleged degeneration they assert that men
have been compelled to resort to tea, coffee, liquor-,
tobacco and all sorts of stimulants to fit them for the
intense struggle of life, and that these stimulants in
turn have tended to weaken their nerves and their
mental and moral fiber.
That is the view of the philosopher reasoning upon
<!ata collected from divorce courts, police courts,
prisons and insane asylums. Scientists collecting
their evidence from the records < f the past as well as
of the present, and from the health instead of the dis
ci~r~ of life, have a very different conclusion. From
their studies they draw the verified conviction that
civilized man is improving in every respect and is
better in this age than ever before.
Professor W. J. McGec of the Bureau of Eth
nology, in a recent interview with the Boston Globe,
stated that the teachings of those who believe in the
degeneration of civilized man are without scientific
foundation. Even Paris, he is quoted as saying, the
alleged scat of sensuality, the capital of crime, grows
no worse as the tide of tine sweeps on. And the re
mainder of the world is growing better. The human
race is progressing. Men are growing healthier,
stronger, brainier: they are larger, more fleet of foot
and strong of limb, more quick to think and to do:
they know more, work more, accomplish more and
are better for the life that they lead to-day. Con
trary to a widespread and general impression, they
are less given to the excessive use of liquors and of
tobacco than they once .vere; they are more moral
and more religious.
In stating the evidence upon which these conclu
sions are based, the f>rofe«-or
"One of the best indications of the strength of a
race, all things considered, is the longevity of its
people. Recently there have been exhumed from
the ruins of Pompeii a number of actuaries' tables.
In these the ancient Italian insurance agents had
worked out carefully the expectation of life for the
jP'.ple with whom they did business. When the
Italian actuaries' tables were compared with the
actuaries' tables of the insurance companies now
doing business in the United States it was discovered
that the expectation of life of the American citizen
exceeds by eleven years the expectation of the an
cient Italian. Another impottant factor which must
be considered with the question of the improvement
of mankind is that of stature. It is a fact that the
average American of to-day i< a taller man than the
average founder of this country. By way of com
parison it may be remarked that the American is an
inch taller than the Englishman, while the English
man in turn is an inch taller than the average Con
tinental."
Concerning the oft-repeated criticism of Europeans
that Americans work too hard and live too fast, Pro
fessor McGee said:
"I would lay it down as a general rule that people
on the avenge do what they are able to do, and that
what they actually do is the safest and truest
measure of what they can do. In Berlin the average
man walks at the rate of two and a half miles per
hour; in London, three: in New York, three and a
quarter, and in Chicago. San Francisco and Denver
the latter pace is exceeded. The average length of
life in America exceeds the average in England, and
the proportion of our population that is confine.!
within uylnnu for the insane is considerably less
than in either Fnpland. France or Germany. In this
connection I will -ay that I believe that the greater
amount of labor that the American is able to stand is
due in considerable part to a single cause. The
American is the break la-t eater of the world. He in
variably commences the day with a good meal of
stroncr. steam-producing food. Consequently work is
no drag on him and he can surpass easily in results
the European who commences the day with little but
a roll and a cup of chocolate."
The judgment iriven in favor of a heavy breakfast
may lead to some differences of opinion, but the
general fact? stated by the professor are beyond dis
pute. The world is growing better and the improve
ment has reached its highest mark in the west. The
Califontian rush i«s a sign not of nervous excitement
but of abounding vigor.
Great Britain has found that the effort to take up
the white man's burden in South Africa is a good deal
like trying to take up a redhot stove.
THE ELECTION TO-DAY.
"WHEN WILL THE NEXT CENTURY BEGIN?"
Some of the Extraordinary Situations That Very Much Discussed
Question May Provoke.
WILL THE LIGHTNING
STRIKE THESE MEN?
List of Names That May Figure in the
New Charter Appointments to Be
Made To-Morrow by Mayor Phelan.
The Call does not hold itself rtsponubl* for the opinion published in thu
column, but presents them for xchatntr valut they may h*vt as communications
of general interest.
Editor The Call: Here are the men who are likely to draw winning
numbers in Mayor Phelan's lottery, drawing to take place to-morrow
(Saturday):
police commission.
Robert j. tobin. William j. biggy.
Charles l. patton. Charles bundschu
chief of police,
theo. f. bonnet.
fibe commission.
James mcnab. a. s. hallidie.
jasper McDonald. George t. bowen.
DENNIS SULLIVAN (Chief of Department).
THOMAS J. WALSH (Secretary).
COMMISSION OF PUBLIC WORKS.
L. R. ELLERT. P. H. McCARTHY.
MARSDEN IfANSON.
SENATOR SAMUEL TRAUNHART (Secretary).
CHARLES S. HOLCOMB (City Engineer).
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION.
D. I. MAHONEY. EMIL POHLI.
H. N. CLEMENT.
PHILIP J. FAY (Secretary^.
BOARD OF HEALTH.
DR A. P. O'BRIEN. DR. LOUIS BAZET.
DR. GEORGE M. TERRILL. DR. JOHN GALLWEY
DR. J. If. WILLIAMSON.
DR. THOMAS B. W. LELAND (Health Officer^
BOARD OF EDUCATION.
JAMES DENMAN. J. J. McDADE.
P. A. BERGEROT. CECIL W. MARK.
RICHARD P. DOOLAN (Secretary).
PARE COMMISSIONERS.
JOHN ROSENFELD. FRED W. ZEILE.
' ROLLA V. WATT. JOSEPH D. GRANT.
RAPHAEL WEILL.
ELECTION COMMISSIONERS.
ED I. SHEEHAN. P. If. WELLTN
JOHN H. GRADY. JOHN E. QUINN
JOSEPH C. GORMAN.
REGISTRAR OF VOTERS.
DANIEL J. GORDON.
The foregoing list is not absolutely authentic, and is subject to changes
at the last moment: but from observations taken from time to time, and
from conversations had with divers persons supposed to know whereof
they speak, it is candidly believed that the list presents a large number
of winners. Many of them have already intimated that they do not sec
their way clear to refuse the honors about to be thrust upon them, and
are perfectly willing to make a little sacrifice on behalf of the public,
while others will no doubt be surprised at the good fortune which hai
befallen them. D. J. SLOAN 12.
San Francisco, December 28. 1899.
May Swallow the Whole Earth in
Time.
A man camp to San Francisco a short
time ago to raise money to get his $60.0)0
y%Cht out of pawn, so to speak, in Hono
lulu. He is a very gentlemanly appearing
fellow and really owns the boat, but, gra
fetous! what a history he has! He man
aged to have the yacht released and in
now cruising in the South Seas . under
v« ry unique conditions. Some Bay he is
the "Prince of Confidence Men." Read
about him in next Sunday's Call and then
draw your own conclusions.
Sanders— That's a splendid school of
anti-imperialism the war Department is
running.
Brennan— How bo?
"Every poldier p. Nt to the Philippines
who returns comes back an anti-expan
6lonist."-Llfe.
TWO MEN HOLD UP A
STREETCAR IN SEATTLE
A Number of Shots Are Exchanged
ana One of the Robbers Is Found
Dead on the Road.
SKATTI.K. Wash . D... 25.-Two mask
ed men held up a Ballard-street
11 o'clock to-night. There «*r« . -ml.
sengers aboard and a regular fualllfl
shots was fired. One of the pawcinmi
named Plimpton inside th.. car openi
on the highwayman entering tl
the rear and three shots were return. .1
One broke Plimpton's arm and anothir
entered his breast.
A stranger standing on the front end
o1 tne car which was first boarded crl-1
— Chicago N>wt
and fired. At the first shot the robber
on the front reeled from the car and fled
to the woods'.
After tho tiring on the rear end CMMd
the second robber took to the woods. Bul
lets passed through the clothing of two
other passengers. The robbera aecurc<X
nothing.
Shortly after midnight the police found
nenr the meene of the car hold-up th*
body of one of the two robber*. He had,
been almost instantly killed by a huir»-t
from a pa.-senger's pistol. The body Is
still unidentified.
Patrick Quinn Dies.
Patrick Quir.n. a laborer, who wan
struck by a falling frame while working
on a building on the corner of First an«l
Natoma streets ln»t Wednesday, died yp«.
tcrday at St. Mary's Hospital from the
effects of his Injuries. An Inquest will bo
held.
'"ream mixed candles In Japan»«* bas
ket*, 2 lb 50c. at Townaend's. tit Market.*
Townscnd's famous broken and mixed
candles— 2 lb«. 25-- £7 Ii •.- Hotel. •
Time to send your Eastern friend*
Town- California Glnce Frulta; 50c Ib
in fire-etch- boxes. 627 Market; Palace.*
No w.-iltlnc at .Tcwn«.<n«i>; plenty of
help. Thousands of packages of California
Glace Fruits and Candles packed all ready
to hand out. 637 .Market street. •
Save money by buying your blank books*,
printing and all oßico supplies for 1300
from Sanhorn. Vail & Co., T»l Market it.*
—» ♦ ■
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ta«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Billy HamUton's New Clerk.
Customs Collector Jackson yesterday ap
pointed O. B. Ertpar. from the civil servleo
eligible list, as clerk to Cashier Hamilton
of the Custom-house, vice Alexander Du
mas Jones (colored).
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing- Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while- Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
tho rums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is th« best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. Far sale by druggists la every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. So a bottle.
« ♦ ■
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
.«l».-liln(t cars via Santa Ke Ml Experienced
excursion conductors accompany thes« excur*
Mm* to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Loci*
every Sunday. To Bt. Paul every Sunday an 1
Friday. Ticket office. CS Market street.
HOTEL. DEI* CORONADO— Tak« advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only MO by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at ho
tel: longer stay. S3 00 per day. Apply at 4 Ntw
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
The Fastest Train Across the Conti
nent.
The California Limited. Santa F« Route. Con
necting train leave* 5 p. m.. Monday. Wednes
day. KrMay and Saturday. Finest equipped
train an I best track of any line to the East
Tlckit of flee. S» Market iitreX. x
A curious feature of cycllhsr. w.ilch
Eecnis to be confined practically to the
northern midlands of Great Krttaln Is
the hlll-<llmhinK competition. ' , *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wasting"
Are you nervous, restless,
pale and easily tired? per-
haps the scales can tell you
why. If your weigh; is
below your average, that
explains it. »/
Scott's Emulsion if/a fat-
producing food. You soon
begin to gain and yJU keep
on gaining long rftcr you
stop taking it. For all
wasting diseases,/ in both
young and old, i? is the one
standard rcmedv:
, Joe «nd %'% ' .00. «!dnitrfat«.
SCOTT & BOWNt, ',Y*>M», Nr. Y«kMISCELLANEOUS.
j
Sale of
Stoves
I
Housewives: ;
j We've 116 thoroughly j
Good kitchen stoves loft |
—we want to sell them
all out — going to quitsell-
< ing stoves.
S Going into our new ad-
Edition and can't afford to
move the stoves. Be-
sides theustove combine
ais injuring our furniture
I business because our
■ stove prices under
I downtown dealers.
$ W e've always been
■ lower than the combine
I prices. Now we are
slower than ever before.
| The Dispatch.
I The f;n;st baking stovf the a ran
I Cox Slove Co. makes. Hand«-omcly
Band heavily nickeled trimming with
n massive ornamentation give this st^ve
I an enviable in brst class of stove
B architecture. Ei^ntrrn-inch ! q
H ovrn, richt of firebox; tiouble top;
| >lx 8-inch ils ; duplex grate. Are ex-
[j cellent bar^:iins »or the housewife
■ xhose kitchen is in ne?J of a new
B stove. Ourregui^r lower than others'
g rrld is 530— closing out price
$22.50.
t The Brll, a <35 stov?, BVO.
I The Idol, a Jro stove, Sl2.
fl The Elm Leaf, a 530 stove, 618.
Pattosien's
Big t-ome Store In trjc 'Mission,
reached by plllm-rc and Sixteenth
Street cars, and yellow cars on
Krarny Street Valencia pass
' within one block. Corner of Six-
teenth end Mlss'on ctreets.
OUR LARGE STOCK OF
rnra IF 1 UR
And Londcn-Dycd Alaska
SEALSKIN GARMENTS
Mast Be Reduced Within 31 Days.
Ad. Kocour & Co.,
r.H^on.bie Fl'lllf-IK
•'.anutncturln* rL11Il:M 3,
121 POST ST.,
Rootci I to 11. Phor*. Black I7U.
"WE MAVLTACTUIU3 ABSOLUTEL.T THB
6WELLEST AND HANDSOMEST
FUR HATS
IN* TUt CRT.
RFTi'-ODZUN'O AJfD IU^AXRIKO AC
1-oii.LAii x'aicca.
-»•«.»»..» « «. ♦*»••>■■>•■•»■»
« Tb» luxury, «mfort, conTe&!enc««. «
4 ft.ii^ «lbA KMei«x* (b*i(u luir* ,
• PALACE and \
GRAND I
♦ •
• t Mi • NajaMfa t v »t la known wh»r- «
« M th« Escl!n lirmie la apoken. .
, Cccnpcted ty I Povrrr.l p&M*icewa.y— i
# 1«M room*- »f«0 »^th bath a. 1
, . JOIIN C. TIWCPATRICK. Mitn»r»r. J
>visi-» OB JORDAN'S great 4
tVMU* OF INfiTOMY^
i Q) c::su2isra-tft-fti*ra.s.F.ta.i
\ H*^ ' Tie I-arjKt An«n«nic*l MuvumJn tbe \
A ~p. «...« \Nr»«iie-^» «* *tiy <. t.Tr«tt».l 4
(* JSfe «:«■•-€ |w«lll*rl^car«4! »11 -..;•:-.; T
a 1&0 1 OR JOROAM-PRIVATI C
i F(**''T>J t«fl«u't»tion fr<^ and wH'iljr r" i.T- \
A I riff r I Tummm prr»™r»iiy »* by in:., aI
mm f It Wt-tef-r HfH.l- raiLfliumvtri
'• • rf ■T Bt/LICHIAUK. MAU-kO Fl.hS 'AT
> B f v«lj«h!e t»ck lor larj., \
9 lilt J IKD4X *•'«».. 10M Market Si. X. F. V
bB.PIERCE'S i
GOLDEN
/ MEDICAL
i I OVERY
\ / FOR THE
X klCt ? EM. LUNGS; I
w ri« « v » nen-po!soeo>«»
*'13^^^^»^l »"«""e<27 /or Gonorrhtn*.
M3r - I'BtL^B <;irrt, TMBIIo::: V
£BT<alta»4«7i.V} H hltM, UUliltUlll Jl*.
•• - '■-*** 1; r»:jrc»a or «r:ir JBti'-nil-
t ■ ao« iv •srtotur. t!, >n , nUMIoB or 1..t»-
•""•« e»s»»Cti tlcn ot laacona iu-m-
v # I^VEvilS CHtM'"»i R"). ' '*■"•• Noo-vit rlc
laf*'*\I af*'*\ C. la. ytf^l* " r ■■■< ia I»-»ln wrarr*'.
/^^^H^f^^% V . • .aimm «k ncMfV
I DR. CROSSMAN'S
/SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
rj o» the\ cuiie op coNonnuoEA.
* Cilccts, tirirtures ►r.4 aralorcua com-
•; ' .ta cf tb» Srca&a of Cncratlos.
I )'r]c« I! a lL.t!t i'cr »al* ty druedcta.
WriiM's ikai Veptable Pills
A lus ACic.\ - oui.i:ij(;Et» i»i
*^ <•! i*r»ona wb» have used them for forty
3S?3JS«!; SICKU'EADACHE. GIDDLNt:^
WJNPTU'ATIO.N. Torpid Utver. Weak tjt«u»
•<•- rIBiMM *ud put « U>« blco4>
JOHNSONS END
THEIR TROUBLES'
IN THE COURTS
Decree of Divorce Is
Given the Wife.
CRUELTY THE GROUND NAMED
ROBERT DABNIY WILL GO TO
HIS GRANDMOTHER.
; Judg« Daingerfield Hears "Witnesses
and Gives Judgment That Will
End the Habeas Corpus
Proceedings.
I precision of a machine, the
law. !:.w\t-rs and litJirants worked togeth
; er In J ;.!ge Dalngerfleld's court yester
r.K. and within an hour and a
after th<» complaint was filed Mrs.
j All<-*» <" Johnson had been cranted a <!i
fr.m her husband. Albert B!dn<-jr
By the t<rms of a compromiße,
• ht- defendant was awarded the
•heir sop.. bney John
it the boy will Immediately be
'■ placed with his grandmother. Mary A.
who resides In Oalveaton. Texaa.
inda neceßsary for his maintenance
:ucatlon will be furnished by the
father.
It mrum announced Wednesday morning
■ . represent.! k the litigants that
tntse would be reached yesterday
i g but it was not expected that di
lToceedlngs would be the bans
When court convened Mrs. John
npanled by her attorneys, w. H.
1. Iwirues and ( ' N Eat n. filed her oom-
In the County Clerk's* office. As
' a-tion she aliened extreme cru
way of Introduction, she »it»itod
married her husband in Oalvos
ry 23, l vv v i<> reason of her
itenlng, abusiv«
ge, she iixorred, she
mely, and on that
bonds of matrt
: • between them be dissolved
•rued permanent all
. month, t .
. I
- Tisner and
I - Illrsch, : .. Mr. Johnson,
■-v • ■ ■ • mplalnt. In which
gal : • plaintifl
All of the parties litigant were next ush
j ered into Judge Daingerfield's court. Bes-
I tie Oulbralih. Mrs. Johnson's slstor. was
Immediately called to the stand and the
j case was on. The witness, after stating
; that she knew of the marriage of the un
• happy c-ouple and the existence of the
; sani that the troubles of the litigants be
gan on the night of their marriage. They
were sluing on the porch of their new
home at Galveston when the witness
• inn. She hurried out. and
• Johnson
her.
.1. the war
taid that he
trould throw the boy into the river and,
I after they moved to this city, he said
that he would drown the boy in the bay.
Ref«-rrJng to troubles ln this city, the
witness said that last Wednesday even
j ing Mr. Johnson invited his wife her
mother nnd the witness to a dinner at
Man-hand's. Tho evening passed pleasant
ly until after the conclusion of the din
ner, when the ladles retired to an ad
joining dressing room.
"When we were In the dressing room."
[ said the witness, "an Englishman whom
i I had known all my life came up to bid
| us good evening. When we came down
Mr. Johnson said that men only followed
women Into a dressing room for immoral
, purposes, and he upbraided us all. lie
had b« en drinking and was very abusive.
Later In th^ evening, however, we all
went to Zlnkand's for dinner. There the
trouble again started, and finally we gut
up and left the place and were followed
by my plater. Mr. Johnson followed us
and told my eister not to be a fool,
which was strong language for him. We
.ill went to the hotel and there I even of
fered to kiss Mr. Johnson in an effort to
heal the breach, but he ehook me off and
nald that he wanted nothing more to do
with his wife and hoped he would never
s*»e her ngaln."
Miss Galbralth was excused and Mrs.
Johnson, weeping and looking thin and
worn, took th» stand. Between sobs >-(:*»
corroborated the testimony of her sister,
and added that ever since her boy wis
! born her husband had made a practice
I of stealing him and keeping him from
her for days at a time to her great terror,
i She went through a long story of the
i abuses suffered at the hands of her hus-
I band and was suddenly Interrupted by
Judge Dalngerfield. -who said. "Read the
' prayer of the complaint." The prayer
I was read and Mrs. Johnson was granted
i a decree of absolute divorce and the cu«
: tody of the child was given to the father.
1 as stated, with the proviso, however, that
the mother can ccc. him whenever he de
sires, either at her own home or the home
of his grandmother.
The habeas corpus proceedings Insti
tuted by Mr. Johnson, by which he sought
to gain the custody of his son, will be
dismissed this morning and the unhappy
family will move to the old Texas home.
LITTLE SISTERS' SHELTER.
A Number of Youngsters See a Santa
Claus Who Was Behind Time.
There was a happy lot of little chil
dren yesterday afternoon in the Little
Sisters' Infant Shelter on Minna street,
near Sixth, for it was the visit of Santa
Claus to that institution, a little late, it
is true, but the youngsters welcomed old
| Kris Kr • fie Just as much as If he had
' been on time, for he came Into the room
I In which sovonty-five boys and plrls were
' assembled and had something for each.
| It was the ttrst time ln the history of
J that Institution that a Santa < 'lavs In
I the traditional fur-lined clothes and
I sr.ow-whlte whiskers had appeared, and
! all, from th« smallest to the oldest, who
j was under 13 years, were anxiously await
• ing the entrance of the mysterious per-
I t>onape.
There were present the officers and
j about <■•■.• of the patronesses of the
i shelter, and for their edilicatlon there was
a phort programme by the children, a few
addresses by the oflicers and -the distri
bution of Rifts to the children from an
j immense troe ln the parlor.
There are now about seventy-five chll
' dren In the shelter, about thirty of the
j number beir.R the little ones of parents
who are forced to be at work during the
day and leave them ni the shelter for
protection and instruction. The others
are steady boarders. Those under a cer
tain axe are taught in the kindergarten,
wlillo tho others are sent to the nearest
public school. Those •% no are too young
to be ln the kindergarten re kept In the
nursery. This Institution, which does not
receive any State aid. is maintained by a
number of prominent ladies of this city
and by occasionnl contributions, which,
together with what parents contribute,
keen the Institution alive. The managers
made an appeal to the merchants of this
city and received $400 in cash and pro
visions to make the Inmates happy dur
ing the holiday season. The entertain
ment was under the direction of Mrs. A.
W. Jackson, tho ladies of the board and
the members of the auxiliary, who fur
nished the dolls and dressed them. Mai
Mabel Wheaton. president of the auxil
, iary, was tho Santa Claus of. the occa
sion. ... _ ..w.
Insulted Their Friend.
Ml-> ' *hlne court, se
• frrm J'ljpp Qrahaaa jrea>
• of Matthew Kelly
mi ■ ehan
' at Eighth
■f i to m:ik.'
;. disparaging remark about an ex-convict
l of Kelly and O'Neill, and tncy
tly knocki d him down and kicked
him His was 1 I up.
Fears for Her Life.
Mr*. V. K. Urlnberger, 5^ Grant ave
.mp!ained to Judge Moß&n yester
c-iv that William T. Drever, a barber, hnd
wn In thf> St. Anns build-
Inc W • '■ ni "' th>n tried to
throw her down Malr* and threatened to
k!ll hor. Bhe paid Drever had oi^
thirty days In jail in Fresno for Ktrlking
j,f. r . fi ■ • warrant for his arrest
on the charge of bu;
THE PAN FBANCISCO CAL.L.. FRTDAT, DECEMBER 29. 1899.
GERMAN LADIES GAVE
CHEER TO THE POOR
THE ladles of the General German Benevolent Society Invited the poor
to come and meet them yesterday and not one that responded to the
Invitation had cause to regret It. The officers of the society and the
poor they are Interested in met at the California Hall— the officers to
Indulge In the blessing of giving and the poor to partake of the good
things that were awaiting them.
The majority of the guests of the nodety were old ladles and old men,
although there were many youngsters In the crowd. No one went away
without a basket laden with good things. There were delicacies for the old
and sick, good choer for the young and clothing for everybody. Each person
also got a cash offering— the sums donated varying from $6 to $10. More
than $300 was donated In this fashion.
About 200 people received assistance. The officers of the society, who
have i>con working t-tea«llly for the past two weeks getting together this
Christmas off.-rlnß. are enchanted with thp splendid results achieved. They
met with tho greatest sympathy from all the shopkeepers and none refused
to odd thoir mite to the general good.
The la.ll. s who had charge of the distribution of gifts were: Mrs. J. S.
Bowman. Mrs. B. Broemmel, Mrs. F. DobrmatW, Mrs. M. Esberg. Mrs. L.
ICn. F. Hmbenteht, Mrs. I. Hecht. Mrs. L. Kostor. Mrs. H. J. Kr.Mitz
mann. Mrs. J. C. Moussdorffcr, Mrs. J. F. Tlagemann and Mrs. Dr. J. Reg
ensburger.
TRADE WITH THE
PHILIPPINES
War Secretary Writes
About Hemp.
Special Dispatch to Th« Can.
WASHINGTON, Dec. ■.— Assistant Sac
retary Melklejohn of the War Department
has written a letter to Representative
I Long of Kansas defining the policy of the
department regarding the commerce of
the Philippines, with special reference to
the opening of ports for the exportation
of hemp. Mr. Long had transmitted a let
ter of a constituent stating that there Is
so little hemp In the country now that the
price wan 14 to IS cents a pound, as against
a normal price of 5 or 6 cents, while only
2000 bales a week have been shipped to
this country since the war began, instead
of 25,000 bales per week, as formerly.
Premising his explanation with the
statement that General Otis has been in
structed to open the hemp ports as soon
as he had proper garrisons, which should
be early In January, Mr. Meiklejohn goes
on to show that the correspondent has an
erroneous Idea as to the effect of the war
on the hemp shipments. He says that the
largest hemp exportation from the islands
In any one year was in 1597. when the ex
ports averaged 17.300 bales per month.
During th»» ten months of 1893 the Imports
of hemp Into the United States amounted
to 46,475 tons, which shows, he odds, that
there never hap been a year when so much
entered the United States as In this year,
while its value has been $41 per ton less
than In I^'.' or IS9I.
Mr. Ifelklejohn indicates that the- cor
• dent pickf d out certain years of ag
rlcultural depression In the wheat Kt.".t'-s
as the basis of his exceedingly low quota
tions of past prices of hemp. He declares
that the communications recelv< l by the
department from manufacturers and brolc
i tr" indicate that there in no trust <■■
! bine controlling the hemp market, as
feared by the farmers, and he concluded
bis letter as follows:
' Th* War Department Is doing everything
,' compatible with the requirements of the mili
tary situation to develop the trade of the
lElands. and Is confident that the, so-called
hemp ports will be open to trade in ample
time for any accumulation of hemp therein
contained to reach this country and he man
■ factored before the next wi-.»at harvest. In
asmuch as the combination at low freight
' rates and hlch prices of fibre will tend to
bring the shipments by steamer In lieu of 6all
inn vesrrlfi. &s they ri-qulre only three months
' for the trip and an additional month will suf
fice to place the article in the hands cf farm-
I ers. shipments leaving Manila In March would
be available for the harvest* in lowa, Ne
braska and other Western States.
CANNERY COMBINE RUMORS.
Story That New Concern Will Start
in Oakland Benied. but Other
Reports Are Afloat.
There was ■ story In circulation on the
street yesterday that Frederick Tillmann
Jr. was ;.l<out to build a new cannery In
I d. The basis of this story was that
Mr. Tillmann has purchased land on the
i 'akbmd water front bounded by Wood
and Willow and Twentieth and Twenty
second streets. Mr. Tillmann is a director
in the tanneries combine, and this gave
color to the rumor, for with it traveled
p that the move Indicated a break In
the combine. Mr. Tillmann denied that
there \%.is anything In the story; so did
Mr Pontana, the manager of the com
bined companies. The latt<?r said he had
tood thai the land was purchased
by Mr. Tillmann i-ome time ago. but the
transaction had only Just been put on
recrd. Mr. Tillmann formerly might
have had an intention of building an Inde
nt cannery, but he was not going to
do it.
People Interested In the canneries had
another piece of new ■ day to talk
about. Frank Johnson has concluded his
business in the East and stnrteil yester
■ r the coast, but he will stop one day
at Chicago and may not be home before
next Wednesday. What truth there is In
the stories concerning the large condi
tional deal he has made for the purchase
and consolidation of canneries outside of
the combine will then be made known.
Tetters have been received this week In
which the positive assertion was made
that the deal was ready If the terms to be
proposed were patisfactory to the own
ers of the outside concerns.
Artistic Posters That Are Worth
Having.
The poster collecting craze Is Just as
strong as ever. Often high prices have
been paid for those of exceptional merit.
The same also holds true of calendars for
1900; everybody wants one, and the more
artistic it Is the better. The Call in Its
Sunday magazine of December 31 will pre
sent to Its readers a remarkably swell
poster, drawn by Mr. Cahlll and printed
upon heavy paper in specially selected col
or. Further, there will appear a calen
dar for li*W that will b" most artistic and
unique, also in appropriate color, and one
that you will want for the coming year.
Wagon Drivers Fight.
Two wagons collided on Taylor street,
near O'Farrell, yesterday morning and
the drlvr-rs accused each other of rx»ing
to blame. One wagon was driven by Fred
Grath. employed by Max Abrams, a cater
er, and the other by J. Newall, a butcher
< ir.it h struck Newall on the face with
the butt end of his whip, knocking him
down. Newall staggered to his feet and
-:ain knocked down and kicked on
the face. Bystanders interfered and both
men were held nil the police arrived
They were taken to the I a and
charged with battery.
STREET CAR EXTENSION.
Residents on the Potrero Slopes Grain
Important Concessions.
At a meeting o' the directors of the
Market-street Railroad Company ■
delegation from the Nuevo Potrero
Improvement ciub composed of Attorney
C. P. Klmbaii. Peter Btolberg, Patrick
Reilly and Qeorge <Juthr!e appear*
for" them in behalf of the extension of the
Twenty-fourth str^-t electric car line.
" the club, together with
the advantage to the company, as also
to the many rr«:id. ts llvinp on' th*
em slope of Potr< ro Heights, w. ( . ; ■
tented by Attorn. . Kimball. who acted
as spokesman for ;hc delega'lon
The petition from the club is to have
the <ar line extended from Potrero avenue
a distance of four blocks to Rhode Island
street. This rf(]u<st was . ondltlonally
complied with by the Market-street direct
or*. Secretary Wlllcutt and <"hi*t Con
structor H. U. Lynch of the company
spoke in favor of the extension and paid
a compliment to the energy of the Im
provement club and its representatives
It was decided by the directors that
pending the transformation of the How
ard street cable line into a trolley -v-
tem a short Jn.o of service cars be "placed
on the Twenty-fourth street end from
Bryant to Rhode Island streets The club
delegates contended for a line to Folsom
P TV *. nls thf " <lirOcMl rs announced
would be conceded v soon as the condi
tions on Twenty-fourth street would per
mit.
COURT NOTES.
Judge- Lawlor yesterday ordered for- i
felted the bonds of Peter Grosetta
charged with grand larceny. The defend- <
ant was charged with stealing $600 worth
of goods from the Southern Pacific Com- •
pany Grosetta did not appear to answer
was caned"" Wh " " ° CaSO a S alnst hln *
The effort of George G. Carr to remove
his mother Mrs. Elizabeth Carr. as cxc-
Wim-m n th r? ostate of n " late husband, '
nyn v in^-Pnn ai ' and to . 8U3 PcP cn d her fam
ily allowance, has met with defeat. Judee
CofTey yesterday decided that Mrs. Carr
n^H .L h^ riKht to her family allowance
and that no cause for her removal as ex
ecutrix had been shown •
The third trial of Ruby Raymond for
taking away Daisy Miller, a minor, for '
illegal purposes was on yesterday before
Juuge Lawlor. Daisy Miller testified that ■
she had led a dissolute life long prior to
her meeting with the defendant Her
father testified that he had long ceased
to exercise any control over her. The case
will go to the Jury to-day.
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS.
California Division of the Travelers'
Association Will Meet To-Day.
To-day the California division of the
Travelers' Protective Association of
America will be in session In Native Sons*
building. The members are all commer
cial travelers, and they belong to a na
tional association of which there were at
the last report 15.000 knights of the road
enrolled. The principal business to come
up for consideration Is the election of offi
cers and the reception of the annual re
ports. Saturday evening the members of
the association will banquet a Union
square Hall. Harry M. Camno \ a ", £
president. John Jay BaumgK?tner sec
retary and treasurer. The following "are
the directors: Bdw J. Warnecke D v
Oelder, Harry E. Dlggles, J. H. Cammett'
R. K. Starr. Dwight Edwards o5o?le
I 2?m£« Egscre ' ™»"«
Secretary Boldeman of the Pacific
Coast Commercial Travelers' Association
said yesterday that In about two months
steps would be taken to provide the club
rooms which the association has voted to
secure. AH the members of the associa
tion are pleased with the outcome of th
annual meeting. The first annual banquet
which took place on Tuesday evening in
the Merchants' Club was a great success
It succeeds the "jinks" formerly given a ,i-
Selling depot for Koh-i-noor pencils and
Waterman fountain pens. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.
Henderson as a Volunteer.
Much a« he -appreciated the advantage
of university training, young Henderadn
was disturbed in mind wh*»n tho civil war
broke out, and communicated his ralaviv
inps to his intimate friends, who «««
ilred by his patriotic zeal. September 15
1861. just after morning prayers he se
cured permission to address the students
on a eerlous theme Strange as tho ™
quest was. the faculty tol.l him to ko
ahead. Then up rose David B. Hendercon
and made his first war speech. Hi 8 soeerh
led up to a set of resolutions, which ho
read from a paper. The concluding phrase
M W« therefore drop our books to fitrht
our country's battles. " Knv
To this declaration were appended the
names of twenty-two students, and David
B. Henderson's name led all the re<t
Thopo twenty-tw< had swelled to 126 wh. ii
the future Speaker wrnt to the front Ho
impressed were the battle chiefs that they
offt-n d him the rank of captain. But the
young patriot was as modest as he was
zealous.
"I am not old enough to be a captain "
he said, and contented himself with a lieu
tenant's commission.
SECRET SERVICE
AGENTS CAPTURE
AN EX-CONVICT
Clever Bunko Game
Blocked.
PRISONER DETAILS HIS PLAN
>
GOADDELLO PRETENBiTD TO BE
A GREAT COUNTERFEITER.
♦
He Was in the Act of Substituting
Genuine Gold Pieces for Those
of His Own Manufacture
When Caught.
Bltero Goadello, alias Guadello, alias
Lustavo. an ex-convict, was arrested yes
terday by Secret Service Agent Hazen and
Operator Cronin on a charge- of manu
facturing molds for the making of coun
terfeit nve-dollar pieces.
The detection and capture were a clever
bit of detective work. United States
Marshal Shine ascertained that Goadello
was trying to bunko a man named Louis
Zeigler, a pastry cook. He notified tho
special agent and Messrs. Hazen and
Cronin went on the watch. They learned
that Goadello had changed a genuine five
dollar piece last Wednesday at a grocery
on the corner of Hush and Powell streets.
The change was furnished by the driver
of a brewery wagon, from whom the de
tectives afterward received the coin,
which bore the scars of acid. They also
succeeded in tracking Goadello and Zeig
ler to a room on Stockton street and se
creted themselves in a bathroom adjoin
ing that occupied by Zelgler. Through a
hole in the wall they could observe all
that was going on. They saw Goadello
make two molds and when Zelgler stepped
from tho room to get water to cool the
molds Hazen and Cronin ran in with re
volvers leveled and commanded them to
throw up their hands.
Goadello was taken before United States
Commissioner Heacock and held for ex
amination with bonds fixed at $3000. He
admitted to his captors that he was
working a scheme to bunko Zeigler. He
said he had told Zeigler that he possessed
the secret of a metallic composition that
could not be distinguished from gold and
that if Zelgler would advance $200 he,
Goadello, would buy ten pounds of the
composition and make live-dollar pieces
out of it, which they could easily pass,
realizing 12500 out of the speculation. In
order to convince his Intended victim that
he could do as he said Goadello made a
plaster of paris mold In the presence of
Zelgler and When ZeigUr turned his back
to get water to cool the mold Goadello
put the mold into his pocket and sub
stituted one with a real live-dollar piece
in it coated with a preparation of the
color of silver. This piece be held over
a gas Jet and evaporated the silvery sub
stance disclosing a bright gold coin. It
was this piece of money that Goadello
changed at the grocery to assure Zelgler
that he would have no trouble in passing
the coin.
Zelgler will be used as a witness on be
half of the Government.
Oil Company Secures Land.
The directors of the Del Sable Oil Com
pany held a meeting at their office yester
day afternoon and were quite enthusiastic
over their prospects. They have secured
160 acres of land adjoining the Kreyen
hacen oil district In Fresno County and
Kings County and their prospects are ex-
The directors hare decided to
dispose of only a limited amount of the
stock, and In all probability this will be
taken up by the present shareholders
themselves. A number of exarrts and
leading authorities in oil pronounce the
L><-1 Sable as the most promising of any in
the market. Preparation* have already
been made for development purposes and
contracts let to sink the first well. Ixjuis
Getz of <;etz Bros. e<- *'0., the hip pro
vision house, is the president; B. W. Fer
ruson of the leading praln firm of Moor
.'. Pergiison Is the vice president and Max
I. Koshland, also a prominent praln mer
chant, is treasurer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Read This Book, Free
I — |A BOOK
~^ which will re-
/ff . move the cloU'l
wS* -~v~* .vSa/lpS an w * I(%n lost.
tSmS* \""fv K3E«^^9 * IOW t0 replace
TOSaS^^^^'JSßaSpP It. Ifyousuf-
* fT% or Nervous
I ' Weakness,
Var Icocele,
Rheumatism. Lumbago. Liver. Klciney
or Stomach Trouble*, or any weakness or
disease, I can cure you.
Study My Method,
Out of all my experience I have built
a method of infusing the system with
vitalizing electricity, which la the t*sls
of all animal (human) vitality. My book
teils what I know of this, and you can
have It free If you will call or write to-
day.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St., Cor. Keirny. S. F.
\\nd cor. Spring and Second, Los Angelas.
TAILOR-MADE SUITS ! |
! t REDUCED |
For a SHORT
TIME ONLY!!
Eack Suits 51.i.r.0:
Frock Suits.... 22.30;
Prince Albert Suits j
Full Dress Suits... !
40.001
Overcoats 20.0<>!
Pants 4.BO!
JOE POHEIMJ
The Tailor, ;
111M112 Market st..
201-203 MontKom'r *t..l
san FUANCISCO. j
10H Washington St., !
OAKLAND. • I
Dr. Meyers & Co. I
Men only. Pay when well. No In-
curable cases taVen. fidvlce and pri-
vate booK free, off or mall. Horns
cures. Letters confidential. 731 Marine
St., S. F- TaKe elevator to third floor.
' ■_ ; ADVERTISEMENTS. '
iPPfNEWYIAR!
Not for the day alone, but for the whole year 1900 and on, and on,
we wish the best that is in store for our patrons and shall contribute to
this result by offering the best goods at the least money, and the best
service we know how to render. Expenses of doing business are reduced
in proportion as trade increases. By this plan manufacturers, dealers
and consumers, whose interests are mutual, are brought nearer to-
gether.
FOR NEW YEAR'S DAY.
Fancy Buck- Seeded Raisins 10-lb sack Ac- Currant Pre«
wheat Flour, 10- 3 packages, new, me Mills Farina serve, pure fruit
lb sac * okc 35 C a nd sugar, very
3^ 25 -_____. nice , small tin
Fancy new Li- Sliced Bacon, Boiled Wheat for 5C5 C
ma beans, 4-lbs. very fancy, 1-lb. 2B C "
25C 20 c — Fancy Cal.
■ Cudahy's Sioux Prunes, per lb
. Len " SS ° R ? • Extract of Beef Cit 7 Laundry 5C
box, $2.85, 10 2qz jar Soap 10-oz size, =
bars for ' J 10 for Sapolio, par
29C 25 C occ »ke, only
—^—— — — — — — — !^l cc
Libby, McNeil Citron, Lemon, McXinley Gel- Z. ,
& Libby's new Orange Peel, lb. atine,none equals S. C. S. fancy
Condensed Mince -| gc it, 3 for Boiler Flour, 50-
Meat, package occ lb sack
cc Dr. Price. 8-03 ±± 090
_ tins Baking Pow- Self - raising °"
Gold Dust, der Buckwheat, pure, Extra Soda
package ICC 2-lb net Crackers, 1-4 case
19? Pur. Apricot 10° 47°
10-lb sack fine Jam, 2 large tins Babbitt's 1770 Salt, 50-lbsack
Table Salt for for 10 packages for dairy and table
5C5 C 15° 25 C 17°
OTHER BARGAINS ! &>l|l&jf£'
Girls' white tide elastic*. b«st, pair..- lc MHI Cj I }■■
Assorted needlea. Imported. «0 papers : j %^^B _^^B *^ ■ »^^V
White, merino vests. «-blt kind, closlnr 20a | || J ■
Misses' or ladies' plain kid shoes, 2to 4 &0o **\ — | _^ 3ft * oT\tE3i &^ __ __
Little folks' shoes. Sunday or ever* (Jay 75c /m^^ H J^ C 3 1^ XL
Jl CO games. 15 kinds, to close at We ■> *•
w-c^nt ramM. •>- kind,, etotfas Bo To* original reliable and Unrest mall order
CO-c«nt rames. t> kinds, closlnc houie Agk fop Ca , alopiM# free#
Gents' fur top gloves. Jl 50 kind S9c IE ',1 Uililli vl -««,.. *L^ ■-■ - -
White or vacuna blankets, fine wool 13 50 &•" »>lAKatl M. Deaf the ttTTJ.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
WHY SHOULD IT NOT BE TOWN TALK?
THERE NEVER WAS A BETTER PLAY OF'
ITS KIND.
And there are but three more performances of
"CUMBERLAND '61."
80 ably and beautifully presented by
The FRAWLEY COMPANY
And NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT comes the
GREATEST OF THEM ALL.
"WITH FLYING COLORS."
' Sixteen Actual, New and Magnificent Scenes.
Biggest Production Ever Made in San Fran-
cisco.
SPECIAL. MATINEE on NEW YEARS DAY
(Monday).
SPECIAL THIS AFTERNOON AT MS.
LAST RECITAL of the greatest pianist of the
age,
VLADIMIR DE
PACHMANN,
Stats $:. *1 CO and $1. On sale at Sherman.
Clay & Co.'a until 1 o'clock. Then at the
theater.
WELCOME HOME
EARLY IN JANUARY.
Emma Nevada.
SUBSCRIPTIONS RECEIVED.
California Theater Sherman. Clay & Co.
Palace Hotel Kohler. Chase & Co.
California Hotel Emporium.
• Occidental Hotel Greenbaum & Co.
COLUMBIA
1 DDADI CM I Bow to Aceommodt'.o All Tnost
A rKUDLC.U • Applying for Belli.
EVERY NIGHT (EXCEPT SUNDAY).
FIRST MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Llebler & Co. Present
it Christian
BEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
ALL THIS and NEXT WEEK.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAT.
THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.
Eddy and Jones Sti. PHONE. UOOTH 770.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
LAST WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Greatest Colored Show on Earth.
BLACK PATTI Troubadours
Everything New This Week.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening lie. Me. J3c. COc and 73c
Matinee 15c. Zjc, 3->o and 50c
STARTING NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
AT 2:15.
MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
PROFESSIONAL MATINEE THURSDAY.
The Orlclnal Irish Comedians,
ONE WEEK ONLY.
MURRAY AND MACK
IN
"FIISNICMN'S BfILL."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN* UL
MATINEE TOMORROW.
THE GREATEST EXTRA VAGAN2JA PRO-
DUCTION EVER WITNESSED IN
SAN FRANCIdCO.
AT I O'CLOCK SHARP
SIINB/\D
Beau.lful ballets, beautiful marches, beauti-
ful costumes, beautiful girls, beautiful songs,
: clever artists, funny comedians, side-splitting
jokes. Frank King's magnificent transforma-
tion.
In consequence of the enormous expense of
this production the following prices will pre-
vail:
Orchestra 'first eight rows) 75c
Balance of house 23c and sOc
Galleries l"c and l.'c
Saturday Matinee Prices -.'■•■ and sOc
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE-EM PORIUM.
EXTRA MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
Winter Meeting, December II to December 31.
Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuefday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boata leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
11:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:10 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th-
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dies and their escorts; no smoking. 1;. your
ferry ticket to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at I'M and
4:45 p. m and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. P., r.tTr
I Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THE PLACE TO TAKE THE CHILDREN I
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING.
Matinees Saturday and New Year's Day.
The Gorgeous Holiday Extravaganza,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
Without Doubt the Greatest Show In Frisco! t
Presented by a Big Double Company!!
Don't Miss the Brilliant Transformation,
"BUTTERFLIES."
POPULAR PRICES— IS AND ■ CENTS.
Beats M Sa!e One Week Ahead.
Telephone. Bush 9.
POSITIVE APPEARANCE OF THE GREAT
FOUGERE
The Sensation of Two Continents.
Thorn* and Carleton. Hamilton Hill. Har-
rlgan and a Host of Big Holiday
Attractions and Last Week of
Mr. anil Mrs. Edwin Milton Royle & Co.
Reserved Seats. :.'..-; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. COc
Matlnet* Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAT
TICKETS NOW ON SALE.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND BUNDAT.
TO-NIGHT and Entire Week.
CHIMMIE
FADDEN.
STRONGEST CAST OF THE SEASON.
SSST* 15c 25c 35c 50c
EXTRA NEW YEAR MATINEE MONPAT.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.^r/« 1 55r
ADGIE and HER LIONS. In - SPECTACULAR
MIRROR DANCE.
MAJOR MITE MAJOR MITE
Th» Smallest Actor on Earth.
ETHEL HURT Cca.'tlng the Chuten.
ani> A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SPECIAL TO-MORROW (Saturday) Night
he fiercest and liveliest rounds or the Cor-
b*tt-Fitz«lmmon!i and J'ffrles-Fltzslmmons
fights. Phono for B— to— Park 13.
REYNOLD'S
fiiiiiT Specific
r r ■■ be confined by
Goutor Rheumatism, if on the flrstapcrooch
ol the paroxysm they hare recourse tn tri* rem-
edy : then, a single dnse is often sufficient.
p. on; i:n 1 x co.. uo.ao .v u uiiusn v, y.
PT3TTCUT7Q FOR barbers, BAK-
mt v 6nu& gs^KMs- jes:
brewers. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers. flour mills, foundries, laundries, pap«r>
hangers, printers, painter*. sho« factories,
statlemeo. tar-mofer*. tanners, tailors, «tc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
lA/. T. HESS,
HOTAR7 PUBLIC A5O ATTCHNET-AT-LAir.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claua Bpr«ck«la Uidc.
Telephone Brown »1.
Residence. tZI California St.. below Pow«i|,
Ban Francisco.
COKE ! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer ana Shipper of Coka>
..'■.' OFFICE 113 FOLSOM ST.
CAFE BBttL^i
Valla— check*! try.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
Creat Mexican remedy: elves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. m Marktt.
WINTER RESORTS. ,~"
SPECIAL INDCCEME.NTS TO VISITOR*
PASO ROBLES
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
THE greatest of health resorts; cures all Ilia
* when others rail. Special round-trts reb*t»
ticket. For Information apply to
• ANK W. ELY. City A««nt.
MO Market St.. Rooa f.
78
ACTION TO CREATE THE "NEW SAN FRANCISCO."
RELICS OF PAST AGES
NO LONGER IN FAVOR
Every Progressive Vote Needed
at To-Day 1 s Election.
Overwhelming Majority Is Predicted for
Bonds for Constructing Schools, Sewers
and Hospitals,
N
UNEXPECTED
DEFEAT OF
ROSORMONDE
Led Over the L ne by Lothian
Record Tie ing Run of
Yellow Tail.
B*a.U-n by a defplu'd outsider was the
fate of Rosorrnonde at Oakland yesterday,
arvi nil blamd for thd fact could be laid
at the d<«jr of Jockey Jenkins. The un
iookrd fur huprwr.od In the f.f'h event, at
v mile. f<r which Ormonde's daughter wu
& plur.j?ed-on favorite. It -;•;•• ■.ir::.< that
>h^ tigure4 a "moral" to down Time
maker, o.ep^clally as the latter hors«'a
{people didr.'t m.-vm to like him. Every
thing paosf-d off without Incident to th«
(ttrvtch. at which »tag« the first choice
Vas only ga'lopln^, while Tltncmaker ap-
All* iifler« mill make mlstake«. and loss ',
tl.a:i a furlontf from home Jenkins gaw \
'•'Tad" Walsh, on tho light weiglited j
I. .-...'.-. a chance to slip through be
tween his m^unt and tho rail. Quick as
a rat slipping through a knut-hoic. \Vh.lsh
>a« therf, ar.il driving hard "put St on"
Jh« favorite Uulf a length In l:^*. Timc
.r:ak^r Dnlshed an Indifferent third, and
[between admiration for \Va!*h and cha
ifcTiu at Urn ■tuplditjr of Jenkins, it «uc
ifcomo minuter before spectator* regained
i..i ....-..•.. fXMt* of composure.
The attendance was lar^. an<l while
•but tuo 01 t!i« choices rei»cu«*i the wire In
3ro:iu nt arly all u{ iho winners received
anore or k-s* support.
■
r.ic:. ::•:.; run and th»- >LO.<<K) beauty is
ossua In high favor. Oiinthus Unl«hed a
« i »eH hir.l.
■
t r
■
■
Track Notes.
!• -RT.S c^<j .i (i; v . tr .^ ut«.ide watch** i
mad* ih- time lor thn mile 1:254 in- j
»i»ad of 1;5«V Thl» So prrpbsterbtts, for. ',
wtillf .I.o?.h!«a is a hhifty plaier. he could I
Tiot rover lh~ dlstar.' » Jn that time with
pn»-jmatit raring i>!a**--< on.
T..\VaL«h piloted two winner* *nd sofnw
tminy launched «n the road to jupccm.
H«* iK ctn'Tits'. ;«**ol headed and can follow
Instruction*— « methtnif thnt few ol.l^r
ridT* <*an do.
• HdJlf Ho» nr..l Y«llow Tail ff^m to
tt.uU.. a wl-.nir.» cnmblnitlnn. It was
Ri»*s who r »:r i.'.-.r. In the race at Tan
foran. when Grystr.' was 50 inglorlously
<J« featM. ,
Th<» 4tt«T.!l<iTi of hnr^cm^n if cnil^n Xo
the fact t! ai . :\'ri>* tor th<- gr^ st Sl&Uton
rtak»*, t«> l>*» t^'l<l«<l «i the Sa.ramfnto
STatf F«'r .«f 11*02. r!o«»r with Secretary
Shield* on* January 1
Tc-Day's Entries.
Tlrrt rar*>-P*v.n furi-iiKi; iLrr^year-cia*
CIS Merry » ( *" • <1 IVnator !»>«
Ml Illnjnnnr»»T I* 4*« Jark Mc<*abe....V4
<X.M Mlßh H'"> "■ • HI loiter 10«
... 1M Union let; LTsO<v^ llrpc U*
tlStiJen A»n lf>» mi Hilly Mcnp»kry 112
W T*rr«>e XXi ... Oold naron 104
■
F-*xnd mce-Flv furlcno: handicap: all
I'l Arn««a*. lit 1 B» Hnrn»«ak« ......108
tr-> b;rorrMl •...: v U7 OUfvando M
tS»Jir.g> J1nr!»....1i, ... Mlr»!on hi
411 My Dear Ml SMI I^dy H»»101»e....1P4
13 filrtff AHc» 11?' IS* Clarando M
in Aluminum <-'' «« n-vanr.a li<
|-inill*ti Ix»<!l lH"<3k»»M«F.lalma« 1M
«4K»\Vli} Kay. *i' *s* Urowa Prtnc«...lM
Third" rac*— Fl%-* and a hnlf furlcnc*: two
jrear-olds; rvr**
t!2 Klnuc»o !C«;ri».>noK-er cf Gold. .US
M 7 UP. MeW*htrter.ns!»l«.)F. W. Brode US
<U1)U«« D*« Us| M: Th» Beta 11l
Fotnh ra<^— On* «<nl a alxtcenth mlle»;
thre*-ye«r-cWi: •elllr^:
<tJ3)Hnrton 107 Cioynrade 107
t» O»-ybee 4M IVhM* Fern ICI
<rr«>F«vrr»hara K4 :..•". <:!f : cth-r lftl
£3 O'Cfir.nor Jr 4 l 4cs Jer.nic Ileid I":
_ 1071 t3 L«<lae» 101
< » IUo ChJco... Mi
Fifth rare— One tr.::-; three-y«*r-ol4» »nd up
»-tr<3: f»Ulnr:
IK Senator Dubols..lCJl CM Twlaklt Tirlnk..lC7
mlKsioners met and officially canvassed
the returns. The official rigures are as
Io'.Iowh: For bomis, 21.901: against. 7540.
The n» xt step In connection with the
iu<;ii!r.«*in»-ijt «>f i>ark extensions mil be
the tiling of v. suit in condemnation on
li-lmlf of the city ar.d against ail the in
dividual property owners. This will bo
<»n» of the tlr*-; duties of City and County
Attorney Lnn* after he assumes office
under the cw charter. Any of til de
iVi'.iiants to the suit or any taxpayer has
the right to contest the award of dam
up. s to panics whoso property Is taken,
but little d«lar 1* anticipated from that
-"iirr*. a? It I* Kenerally conceded that
th<» appraiser* have been both Just and
t.T.<roiis. It is anticipated that out of
at>out 4"<o property owners a few only will
demand more, in which event a Jury will
determine *uch claims.
The bonds will have to be advertised
and sold to the highest bidder and the
■
:.dtm
■
■
the rifi-
■■. . ■
■
handle is
' to 1.
SPORTING EVENTS OF THE SEASON
VETERANS TO
COMPETE AT
INGLESIDE
Greyhounds, Once Famous,
to Run Agam — Chamrion
and Open Stake.
The Ingleslde Coursing Park officials
•rill promote three stakes to-morr>»v,
3ur.day and Monday. An open stake will
>c disposed of cr. the rirst two days, lcav
ng a champion and a veteran stake for
Sew Year'E day. The veteran stake is
.::..:• a to gre> hounds five years old and
>ver. Among the entrtf-s are dogs famous
in the IV Id wlun coursing was a pastime
ndulged in by a few enthusiasts. Cours
ng will commence on Saturday and riun-
Jay at 11 o'clotk. The draw last night
-.'.•.•'l as follow?:
Or*n stake— E. M. KeUo&ir'g Hummer v«. J.
I-Man'i Connttnara: Cor.nril Brof." Mamie
l\«asant vs. P. Knlly's Ixuly Granite; F. L
Slchols' White vi. J. O'Shea's Golden Gate;
r. J. Crontn's Der-end Or. Me v«. J. Mcv'cr
alek's Harebrain; T. Towns Afk Him vi.
f. J. Cronin'» Ircn Duke; Fleming I3ns.' Fury
i*. 11. A. I>ecke!man's LA-xr+r.c*; F. L
Vichols' L-ar King \». J. Ronnloc'i Demote?
Lass: J. t^sserscn's Gold Hill vs. M. Kelly's
.JeMle Ar.t.l»; I*. Hell!}'* ICxr«n»a vs. J.
Byrnes* Nellie B; N. C. Whitings WaJena v«.
E. D. Fallnn's I2\y of the West: T. .Steels' s
|j*»fy vs. E. D. Hreney's Lore Oak; J. Ker
rigan's Cvnquercr vi H. A. : krtmmn Glen
I'hlo*: E. M. Keliccfrs Sweet Emma vs. F. L.
NUho!«' Anna; F. Muran's Bit of Fashion vs.
tl. E. Je B. -Lovis Santa Rita: J. Byrnes'
Battleship vs. K. M. KelloKs'i 1 lowa Hoy; A.
V'andft.burch's Ccjiprrh^aJ v». J. O'Shea's
":.::»' FlrtOXij J. Byrne** Eleven Hpot vs. W.
C. G la* ion's Sletghbells: J. - «"an-
Selarla. vs. Russell. Allen * WlNons Muter
tTlair: 11. A. Ijetkelman's r.Jd Glory vs. D.
Ford's Btmlta: Hal! & NewelTa Nonpareil vs.
r. J. SJcHuci.'* iluk» R»«; T. F»nr.;n*'B lij.be
Murphy vt IlanJy & SM'.th's I'Kronlu*: J.
Uyrr.es' Olymj/us v*. Kflly & lUnley* iJuby
Klnc; H. H. Gray's Terronette vs. rtus«ell.
Aii-n * V. ::«.-.■ Miss I'er.inan: Handy £
Faith's Ma«ic vs. X. C. Whiting"* St. An
theny; I). F< rd'« Juan'ta vs. E. J. Heeney's
lilue W>rvg: Hall & N-well's Kaush Kidrr vs.
J. O'Shea's Your.« Arcfrtra; Conne'.l Broe."
iKV.moT* vs. T. Far.r.lnir'i' Royal Cliff: P.
McOab«'s Skyhlue vs. Murjhy & Toland's
Twilight Jr.; It. E. de B Usi>cx's Mike iJavey
vt. 3. V. t"a?r.;»b»:rs Trailer: Cor.n»'.l Bros. St.
IJr!»n in. Murphy A Tclands Pleasant Gtrl:
a Van3»r.»>ur»shs American Eagle vi H.
HeiHy's KlchraonJ Ccuei-n: T. F. !/ rant Miss
Grlnle vs. T. J. Cron'.n'n Rc?e of Tralee; A.
Vandentunth» KatUbtT Girl vj. J. U. Per:go's
Belle fetiard; E. M. KeUofS*a L*dy Gllmor*
v». J. lean's Gallant: M. Tt»m«*y's Mary Ann
v». T. J. Crcnln'* Mai<l of Bail; Fleming Bros.'
name v*. It. Doyle's Oarrr Owen; E. J.
llecnejr** Black Wins v*. Rus»-M. Allen &
WUnon's I'alsy f;igir; W. C G!ai?on'<= Ter
ronsie nu'rH, Penn'i B»ndoran; 11. H. Gray's
1: r.;. vs. F. Thcjf ode's Jck»r; T. Towne's
Ycunr California vs. George Ittady'* Berr.i<-».
\Vi»-ran ftak«^— J. ?<>cc»n>on's Wht!»> Phlef
vs F Mora.r»'* Fnise Flatterer: J. J. Edmonds'
Vda Show v*. C. Anden»pn'» F»lry l>; F.
liiiti'B—D^ra JLyl Ul Dlllon'A Graaiiale: G-
Kiimtnn'i Fireman v«. M. N-nlon's Pretender;
Kay Broe.' Dlnna vs. Kay Bros.' Eclipse: tx.
V. TVU»y'» <;.i.>: «'ii va. J. Keenan's Uoyat
niick: E. Wilson's Magnet v». G. Pl.nto'a Her
rui»<«: VV. C. Gluoson's Joy BMls vs. I/r«
& Tlumpson's Patrla: M. N^alon'p lan Oorle
v*. E. <"»"««T!y'« Lady Blanche; J. K»er,an>
F'sr Not vs. W. Joiner's IJ.ly I^nctry; J.
1" TlWen'fc Lily T \r. T. J. H*rr!nston's 51»rfj
May: E. 11. Mulcarter's Less c' Oowrte vs. D.
:/»0 Hwfttßn 1«7: SJ« M«>c<*owlark ....IC2
r*l AJir'a VI «lfi)Pln* 107
:r. •'.< » PlraU4 io> rj» 1:1 K«ro »7
UM V.-o«!iwthofj* ..112 ::S I>r. Mark* 112
CM Wyoming 107 t:« Jm 102
Sixth r»e»>— Futurity course; four-year-olJs
md :■■'••'. **UiTig:
4*4 Timnwny in?; t:: Ft. Outhtwt 1M
K1 fiftuUtlon Il*I 1 * :reOr«»jhum X?
~l lUy ll»«th W. ... IVI Paso II 112
'itUTru* Illu* lf!9 l"% M**r.!>t*y 112
«v. Xl .-«l».io 10» :r« Mr.r.tallal* ICI
:io I-«<ly Urttannie.lC? :31 ii»-y«i«» I^e Ha
Selections for To-Day.
rin>t race— Merry Boy. Glen Ann?. Jack Me-
Pr<onl race— K^vanni. Etcter AUc*. M.-igir >-
Third ra^-Flower of Gold. Be« V. <■ F. W.
Rrtwle.
Fourth rmc*— F*»er«haiß. Obsidian. Hcrten.
Fifth r«c*— Wjromlnr. Alicia, R«r«it.
Sixth rac*-OfculaUon. St. Cuthb«rt. True
Blue.
■ ♦ «
Avoid Trouble by Staying- at Home.
They say Puns Is very wicked, but nev
ertheless It is the lender in the world of
fashion. Who of the fair sex would not
l*k«- a "Worth" sown, or. failing In that.
woiilil not at least enjoy going with the
Christmas shoppers through all the swell
Parisian establishments? Genevieve
Grcon is right thore on the Fpot, end in
her chatty, clever way tells all about It In
next Sunday's Call.
Kriss Kringle Sold.
T.^NIN'JToN. Xv . Dec 2< -Krisa
Kringle. the great selling plater, was pur
chased to-day from Dr. Byrd by T. W.
Colt of Si m York for 13000.
■ ♦ «
The historic Villeres pecan tree near
New Orleans never bore fruit after Gen
eral Pakenham was wounded and after
ward buried beneath It.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1899.
FJINAL INOTE OR VWVRINIING,
Tl_l w - SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 2«. IS?9.
HE bubonic plague outbreak In Honolulu and the strong appeal of our
Board of Health for new schools, sewers and hospitals to correct the
present prevalence of different In Honolulu and various districts of our
Board of Health for new schools, sewers and hospitals to correct the
t prevalence of different diseases in the various districts of the
city should admonish all citizens not to accept the park and panhandle
victory as a foregone conclusion that these measures will be carried to
morrow without their vote.
In Eureka out of IN votes m votes defeated the bond election for new
schools because only 201 voted In favor and li*tf favorable voters did not deem
It r.ecessary to cast their ballot.
There la strong antagonism against the schools and the other sanitary
improvements that must be overcome, so let every progressive citizen be
sura to cast his ballot for these absolute sanitary necessities for our new
San Francisco.
ANDREA SBARBORO. President;
NAPH. B. GREENSFELDER. Vice President;
Q. BCHNEE, Secretary Public Central Improve
ment Club. Federation r>t all fit-4« fi,., i7.it1,,i,L-
Mayor Fears Indifference
"This la no tim© to rest." said Mayor
Phelan yesterday. "One great improve
ment has been decided upon, but there is
another battle to be fought Friday. It can
be depended upon that all those who op
pose bonds on general principles, or from
general lack of principles, will be or. hand
to register their kick against progress,
and we must bear in mind that it needs
two progressive voters to overcome the
power In the booth of one opponent.
"The vast majority of the voters are
in favor of all these propositions, and they
should carry by a vote of at least four to
one. The only danger lies in the inclina
tion of so many voters to stay at home
ar.d let the other fellows do their voting
for them. I do not have any Idea that
there will be even as many votes against
schools, sewers and the hospital as there
were against parks, but we should not
take .ny chances, and I hope none will
be taken.
"1 believe that If the campaign In the
Interest of extending the panhandle and
acquiring parks had lasted a week longer
the adverse vote would have been
cut in two. Education was all that was
needed, ai.fi the opposition to the parks
was twice as -••at when we started a.- It
was last Wednesday. I cannot conceive
how any worklngman or any merchant
who does business with worklngmen can
commit such n. suicidal act a* to vote
ugalnst bonds."
♦ —
Kuilders Support Bond Issue.
The Building Trades Council m- I
rt from i r um
whlch was Intrusted with the fur
STANFORD
IS TO PLAY
MULTNOMAH
STAXFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 2S.—
The members of the Stanford University
football tt-am leave to-morrow for Port
land, Or., where they are to play the
Multnomah Athletic Club team on New
Year's day. The Stanford team has been
having llßht practice dally since the uni
versity closed. Not enough players have
stayed, however, to make a second team,
and the practice has consisted principally
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
• by 11. H E«bert.)
OAKLAND B.ACETRACK, Thursday, December 28, 1899. Fifty
eighth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track fast.
A. MrRPHT-Prwiiing Jnda*. J :i. FERGCSON-Starter.
.^«>O FIHST RACE— Six furl'>tiK«; mald<"n two->^ar-oldi; pur.-c. JiiO.
I | ,H'ttine.
ln<lex. Horse. Weight -St. Hm. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys.. ,Op. Cl.
l.« Billy Moore .....110 3 ... in 2 4 ... 11 r. Jones (10 j
<:< Coralr.c D-ent. IW IB ... 7 I 3 4 ... II X I*o U0
li* 4 ... « t : •.. ... 3 s
521 Favorito 110 2 ... 2 1 14... 4] 1
.. l - • ... 3 h 4 :
K'S Artl!i<>rynian US 1 ... '• 1 7 ... I 4 illennessey .... 5 12
x 113 6 ... € 4 €2 ... ■ .
: ... . ... '
: ... - l s ... I U
Ml i« ... : - 4 :
- - 115! J ... 11 11 ... .... 10 15
:: - 13 ... is 12
. .13 » 4
Time—^. :244; 4. :4?»4: '« 1:15. Good «tart. Won first three driving. Winner. G. W.
BaWwin's br. c. by Imp. Duneombe-Atlanta 11.
liilly Moore finally managed to stay th»» route. Coming Event a i>urrrl«e. Redwald will
win next time. Favorlto In a "comer." Artilleryman comp*-lle<l to ro the overland. Hlppo-
najc cut oft pijon after start and pocketed. Ueaufilul bill lncllnrU to run out.
Scratched— Gold Finder 115.
BBC WD i.A .-. Futurity cou: ;ward, purse. »3iO.
|
Ir.lex Hor»s. Aje Weight. ?t. \m. 4m. *»m. Str. Fin. Jork*>». I .
. , — . ,_ . . ,
11l l ... 4 2 3h ... lm Osnley 12 20
I Ban X .... 1 1 1 2 ... 2 h I. Turner ! .1
rtncle, I \a 4 ... 2h 4 1 ... S3 Jenkins 5 IS-2
i. a 109 3 ... 3 1 i 1 ... 4 1 -
< >• Apolllnaria. 5...104 7 ... 6H 6 4 ... I 4 r \«a.sh 15 3-)
t:« Bn« Uu. < 10»! I ... 5 4 th ... 12 Spencer 7 «
::• Mr.'.a. 3 IX, « ... 71 SI ... 7 4 10 IS
- itl" <;it-b"ns. 1.. ..104 9 ... '.' 1 » 1 ... 8 4 Fauntleroy ... 10 20
namlnt. 3 10» 10 ... If 1 !• 3 ... . . - 2 7-J
Ml Pal'.le <»<vidwln. 8...109 S ... W 4 ... 10 1 M-rvan 8 IS
« •.11 ... 11 :i ... 11 4 Hennesser ....I 30 100
• H • •-• .k- * 100.13 ... 12 12 12 J Wooda M 10C
4S« Maj.r '■>><. a .. :■■ \*'\ ... ... ... 1: Jonet M 40
Time— To *». :21*i; to 4. :«4: last %. l:COVi: short »i. 1:104. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner. Dan Mccarty's eh. h., by Flambeau-imp. Ro!«etta.
Conley on winner outflntthed Turner. Katie Gibbons ehowed no speed. Panamlnt away
poorly and badly ridien. St. Apolllnaris out of luck.
Pcratcftea— Good liope 104. Uatx 109.
X 4 A THlliD KACE-- Five furlonKt; aelMn*; two-year-olda; pume. $400.
I! n*. Weight .'St. km. 4m. \m. Ptr. Fin. '. Jx-key». [Op. ci*.
1 : '—
til Southern Girl 1M 1 ... 3 1 IS 3 2 Ins Thorpe 1-2 1-2
521 Bamboulla 10S 4 ... 2 4 21 2n 23 'jer.klns .. 5 :
::: Guf.iie Fay l'l 1 ... 11 12 14 3 8 IVittltoe I 12 I
r;7 Gusto 10« I ... 43 42 4 8 44 - - -r 6 10
!>l The Scot 105 3 ... 8 C 6 5 4 Phelan 60 MO
4f« 7.l?ka 1-5 I ... "1 55 5 5 6 jT. Walnh 40 SO
Time— 4. :12: S. XX: H. 1:00. Gocd Ftart. Wen first three driving. Winner. Burns
& WRtf-rhouee's b. f.. by Free Knisht-Parah Davis.
Damboulia kliouM have won; Jenkins started to draw his whip, allowing the colt to
1 man ■ 1 ■ ■
Z\Sl FOURTH RACE -One mile and an eighth; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
OTli j ur«»v
Index. Hatm. A«* W-I«ht. St. V,m. Km. Sm. Ptr. Fin. ' Jockeys.
ri« PotfMe. 3 97': ,12 13 14 12 124T Walsh ' 5 9-2
K4 Trpma.t. « 110 S 'I fa 2 1 II !J 114 Bpraeer ....... 5-2 18-5
410 Roslnante. I 101 4 4 4 3 8 310 320 Jenkins 1 9-10
129 Morinel. 4 ■• 1-6 1 It 3 4 4 4 4 |t. ton 4 6
Tlme-tj. :13; S S 102U; Ti. 1.1T4: m. 1:40; lHm. l:.'.2'i. Good tart. Won easily.
Second and third riving Winner. C. E. DttreeU ■ b. v.. by Racine-Powwow.
Pot.-r.te found the weight Just to his liking. Rosinante probabiy a trifle short. Mori-
r.e! has lost her winning fcrm.
A O ."IFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-dds and upward, purse. $400.
— — ■ " ' - ■■ .1 ■■ I— .— ■■ I
Index Hor»« Age Wat«ht. St. \m. Hm. \m. Str. Tin. ] Jockeys.
■ f : '
C 24 Lothian. 3 PS 1 18 112 120 ISO 1 4 It Wolftn.'..:. 6 8
<:.?«) Hotormonde. 1 107 I 25 in 13 11 110 (Jenkins , 4-5 3-5
t Sm } 'HSS a f "° ' 1H 28 2 4 24 a4O T. Burns 111-5
tlfc Poorlands. 3•. K>i 4 4 4 4 4 4 jl. Daly 200 300
Tlrae-J4. :»:.H. :«U: »i. 1:14: mil*. 1:33« i. Good start. Won first three driving. Win-
ner. J. Foley's h. g.. by Imp. Mldloth.an-l«cle!.v
Jenkins threw the race away, by allowing Walsh to get throuch on the rail. Time-
mak»-r tus--^ it up In the run h I
£)-43 # RACE-S*vca furlongs; fr»e handicap; all ages; pune, liOO.
Index. How. Are. Weight. St. Urn. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. ' Jockey.. o^.' 11 v!
$:S Yellow Tail. 2 10611 1] 12 T2 1~2 13 1c Ross . els «7
451 llarcato, 4 109 S Sh 2h 2 4 44 D l Thorp? 1.1 a
120 Ollntfcus. 3 103 4 «j. 4 h 4? 2 h in JenkKfi ::::::: "I I
618 Grand Sachem. 4... Ml 3 6 3 32 51 3 h 4 1 -tuir- 15 &
£2? San Venado. 4 S4 2 6 4 6 4 €« «10 II T WalVh £ 5
E22 The Fretter. I hi 2h 11 SI 54 610 .! Mar in 6 7
(488) Ringmaster, 5 SS ! 7 1 7 7^7 U'helan ...... ! .40 60
Time-^ :12»«: «4. ''«: V 1:004; ?i. 1::6. Good Mart. Won easily. Second and third
driving: Winner Foster & Haeketfs eh. c. by imp. Watercress-Imp. Paloraa..
a -Yellow Tail steal; handle. I " rcato k^pt busy beating Olinthu>. Sachem poorly rid-
den. Otherwise he would have been a contender. San Venado pockets. Th. Fretur
rrobbed himself, injurinc one foot severely. *enaao pocketed. TJ>e Fretur
bcratcnea— Osculation 81. 1
therance of the bond issues. Every effort
was made to interest contractors an j
builders in the bond issue, and the most
favorable results followed. In many case*
contractors allowed their men ample time
for voting and displayed unwonted zeal in
behalf of the new measure.
F-very Vote U Needed To-Day.
Unless every voter who favors new
schools, sewers and a hospital attends the
polls to-day there la danger that these
very necessary measures may be defeated.
There is a possibility that after the signal
victory yesterday many of the progres
live element will take It for granted that
tho bonds for luxuries having carried,
those for necessaries will certainly go I
through with a more decided majority, and !
will stay at home. It is certain that the i
anti-bondttes will be out In force and will i
try, if possible, to retrieve, In some meas- I
ure, the lost fortunes of Wednesday.
"There can be no solid argument raised
against the propositions to be submitted
to the voters on Friday.*' said Andrea
Sbarboro, "for every dollar means work. ;
There is no land to be acquired, but seve
ral years of work for our worklngmen is
assured If the bonds carry, as I am con-
Bdent they will. No <«re doubts the ne
cessity of a new hospital. As the Mayor
has so often said the present structure la
a positive menace to the health of all who
are in it. This one project means over a
quarter of a million dollars for labor
alone. The need of a new and Intelligent
sewer system cannot be doubt, The
building of sewers also means work, and J
the same Is true of the seventeen n*>w ,
schoolhouses watch it is proposed to build.
of running through the formations and
signals, and In catching and running in
punts. Quite a number of substitutes will
appear In the lineup on New Year's day.
Neither Captain-elect Burnett, Oilman.
Cairns. Boren nor Smith will go with the
team, and their place? will be tilled by
Bently. Houston and Wiigley at tackle
and guard. Krb at halfback and Rodolph
at full. It is not definitely known yet
whether Cbet Murphy will play or not.
but Raltt will go along as substitute
quarter. A few other substitutes will be
taken. Coach Burr Chamberlain has boen
putting the Hnishing touches on the team
and will go with thrm to Portland.
The eleven will be in good condition
physically, but the team work Is likely to
be a little ragged on account of the lack
of practice and the presence of so many
substitutes In the line.
PROPOSITIONS TO BE VOTED ON TO-DAY.
For constructing and completing a Sewer Sys
tem $4,600,000
For constructing and completing a new City and
County Hospital 475,000
For constructing seventeen new School Houses
and repairing others 1. 400.000
"It «*ms superfluous at this late day
to repeat that all this work must be done
t>y w. rk:ngnien of San Francisco, because
under the new charter every man draw
•■ from the city treasury must have
re a year. Now. it does not
Uk.'ly that any laborer will c-.inif
and live here a whoi» year In anticipation
of getting a job on public work."
Location of Polling Places.
The voting places for to-day's election
will be the same as those In use on
Wednesday last. The special precincts
will also govern the distribution of booths.
• ime eltctlun officers will serve, and
SKATING RECORDS BROKEN.
Norval Baptie of North Dakota
Lowers Two Records.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec B.— The fastest
skating ever done in the world for a half
mile and a quarter-mile, stralgh'
wad accomplished to-day on Lake Minne
tonka. near this city. Norval Baptie of
Bathajate, N. D. . lowered the quarter-mile
of 31 1 * seconds, made by John S.
Johnson, to . nds.
After a rest of twenty minutes Baptie
■tarted for the half-mile record of Joe
• : N- w Orleana and Olaf Butds
«'f Minneapolis, and lowered :t fr m
" The records are offlrtal
•n<l made \inder the auspices of the Ex
eelslor Yacht Club.
RESULTS AT NEW ORLEANS.
Tortugas and Agitator the Only Win-
ning Favorites.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 2*.- In the case
of A. J. Wallace. Jockey R. Sheppard
and the horse George Lee, suspended on
MAHER MAY
BE FAVORITE
OVER McCOY
Thus Far the Betting on the
Fight Is at Even
Money.
.Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2S.— Although "all
wagers made on the <'"}•-. M:> her con
test up to date have been placed at even
money. It is quite probable the Irishman
will enter the ring favorite. This belief
Is due to the fact that several large com
missions have been received by local
sporting men from Westerners, asking
them to place the money on Maher, even
if odds are asked by McCoy men. Joe
Vendlg said to-day that he has a commis
sion of $2500 to place on Peter. George
Consldlne has a commission of J2"00 to bet
•n Maher.
"Honest" John Kelly, the well-known
referee and sporting man. has J2SOU he
would like to place on the Irish cham
pion. Kelly believes that Mah^r's great
strength will give him the victory over the
Kid.
George E. Smith, better known as
"PlttsDurg Phil." will visit Maher's quar
ters to-morrow. Smith is a great admirer
of the Irishman, but he has not as yet
placed a bet on Peter against McCoy. He
.-aid that if Ma! • condition la up to the
standard of excellence necessary to win
in a ring contest he would place a large
commission on the Irishman.
"McCoy." said Smith, "is a very shifty
fellow, and, to tell the truth, 1 would
rather see Maher fight Sharkey or Jef
fries than the Kid.
"It Is very hard to hit a man right on
the point of the jaw who is clever with
hi- hands and shifty on his fed and I
think l'eter will have to work hard to get
the winner's share of the pur.»e. Still. I
think he will reach McCoy In the course
of the contest, and when he does It will
be all over."
'* A Few of the Features: |
The Progress of the Century.
gIQ By COLONEL JOHN P. IRISH. •
The Passing of 1899.
\tit^rlr% ii A Full ' pp * 2e Drawin e b / mary Davidson.
" Do Our Society Girls Smoke?
&Gil S The Life Story of John Reed.
An Oakland Man's Experience in a Cyclone.
" The Sunday Call's Calendar for 1900.
MmQV9 Christmas Shopping in Paris. \
By GENEVIEVE GREEN.
Xa&OLV Good-Bye, 1899.
j2 W»wi 1 A P *2« Drawing by CAHILL.
OcCli^ The Prince of Confi dence Men.
The Use of Indian Clubs as a Health Exercise.
========== The World of Books.
Out December 3!^ By PROFESSQR H " a UTHROP of *"'■«* •*—
- Fiction, Fashion, Etc.
** . The Sunday Call's Magazine Section is now r,co nf 2 ed as surpassing L other
Sunday paper published on the Pacific Coast and as nvaling anything in th, country.
the polls will open at S o'clock a. m. and
close at 5 p. m.
A Word of Appreciation.
San Francisco. Dec. 2S, IS?9.
Editor Call, City— Dear Sir: All the
members of the Improvement clubs are
heartily appreciative of your commen
dations and encouragement as well as the
generous space you have given us for
bond elections. Yours truly.
A. SBARBORO. President.
NAPH. B. GREENSFELDER.
Vice President.
G. NEE. Secretary-
For Public Improvement Central Club.
her 12. the stewards have decided,
after • > con
tinue the suspension Indefl
The hreatening
and the tr.T-k «i-iw n n the outside. Tor
tu?as and A?! 1 • only wln
ravorites. Results:
•g, blx furlong*. Tortugas won.
Moustitoff second. Old Fox third. Time.
Selling, five furlongs, Inlook won. La
y third. Time
Bellini;, oi miles. 1
Rita won. Admetus second. Kabe r
third. Time, 1:58 V
Handicap. on<^ mf!e, M;.ss Mac Da
Deyo thirl. Time.
r. s x furlongs, Agitator won. Lit
tle Billy second. U'a . Time.
1:16.
Infnrmai. f a n East
Indian papor that Mr and Mr- Thamby
nayatramplllai are now r. n a .
iylrruppu. Mr. Th.imbynayaeam
pillal Is the s»on of J
gampillal and Mn-ls:- Jam
builnK'immud>-i;iar. From thli it is easy
ncluslon •
pfrters in India lead a busy ai.d interest
ing life.
O'BRIEN HAS
A LONG LIST
OF VICTORIES
Boxer Who Is to Meet Neill
Has Been Kept
Busy.
Jack O'Brien. the boxer who Is to try
the mettle of Al .N>ui before the National
i Club next Friday, has Impressed visitors
at his training quarters -.vith his quick
: ness and cleverness. As there are sev
eral crack boxers of the same name much
curiosity has developed ovt r his ring rec
ord. He has never been defeated. The
following are his principal victories:
elKf"e IKf " — O'Brien defeated Isadore
Strauss six round Dan McConnell.
fix; Billy Payne, six; Leslie Pearco.
six; Young Smyrna, six; Bull Mc-
Carttar, six; Paddy Sh-ehan. four;
Jack Hanlon. nix; Joe Dougherty
three (knockout;. During the same
year he fought Martin Judge two six
round draws and Barney Connors a
tnteen-round draw.
liS^— Isadore Strauss. six rounds-
Paddy Shfohan. six; I?adore Strauss
six; Barney Connors, eight; Billy
Payn*. six; Young Smyrna. six
stopped Kid Cart.r of Brooklyn In
ten: Huchey Mc\Vinter«», twenty, and
a six-round ('raw with Jack Daly of
Baltimore.
ISK>— George Cole of Trenton. N. J..
six round?; Fred Strickler and Tom
Cavanaugb. on the «nmc night, de
feated both In four: George Col?
twenty; Jack Collier of Brooklyn, «;ix-
Billy Payne, eight: Tony Drew, eight
(knockout •: Kid Baxter of Chicago,
elpht: Walter Nolan of Chlcapo. four
(knockout*; Shorty Ah*rn of Chicago.
6: Tom McCune of Detroit, twelve
(knockout). On September 5 O'Brien
received the decision over Tom Tracey
of Australia In six rounds at Chicago.
Four promising boxing bouts form the
card for to-night's exhibition In the rooms of
the San Francisco Athl.-tlc Club. 317 Sixth
street. The principal bout will he between
PUBLIC PARK ON
THE SUMMIT OF
TELEGRAPH HILL
Further Destruction to
Be Stopped.
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS ACT
WILL ASK THE CTTY TO BUY
THE PROPERTY.
Ladies of the California Club Take
the Initiative and Are Determined
to Preserve the Old Land
mark.
A united effort Is being made by the
public-spirited men and women of the city
to save Telegraph Hill from further de
struction. Not only are those Interested
In the undertaking determined to preserve
what li left of the hill, but they have In
view a beautiful public park on Its sum
mit—a i>lfusure resort from which the
people may view the Golden Gate, the
bay and the surrounding shores and al.«o
get a beautitful panoramic scene of the
city.
Mayor Phelan's address before th<* Cal
ifornia Club on the occasion of Jts re
ception to the teacher* of th<> city Is
what gave birth to the Idea. The Mayor
at that time was making a campaign for
the panhandle and took advantage of the
opportunity to instill a few public im
provement Ideas into his audience. Ms
BUtcgf-stlons bore immediate fruit, for the
ladUs of the civic section of the club
undertook without delay to save Tele
graph Hill. .
Contractors have torn the hill -away
with blasting powder close up to the stone
fence ... surrounds the old observatory.
Th«>ir intention to go still further was
evidenced when they secured an option
on the observatory property, owned by
Charles Sutro. Adjoining this the city
owns four lots. A man named Mac
donald purchased the?-* many years ago
for $10 ."00 and presented them to San
Francisco for a public park. The lots
are there yet. but a long time ago they
were given over to tin rans and the goats
<hat have made the hill famous.
The ladles of the California Club. in
conjunction with the North Beach Im
provement Club, Central Improvement
and the Western Addition Improvement
clubs, have decided t» petition the n«-w
Board of Bbpervlsors to purchase the
two lots adjoining the city's prop
erty 'making a block in all) and Oray
Bros.' option on the observatory prop
erty. In the event of the latter r*>fuslnjr
to sell it has been determined to ask the
authorities to brine condemnation pro
ceeding, or at least a:: injunction suit
to prevent the contractors from further
work toward the destruction of the hill.
A general meeting of those interested in
the matter is to b* h*>M January S. wh*>n
a dennlte campaign will be mapped out.
Following are tho members of the com
mittee appointed to take charge of the
matter and the names of the organiza
tions they represent:
California Club — Mrs. Lovell "White.
pr»-sid<-nt; Dr. Dorothy Moore, president
of civic section: Mr*, tinrhnm. Mrs.
Pcultn"v. Mrs. Tild«n. Mrs. Stringer, UMfl
K. Atkinson. Miss K. B*aver. Mrs. George
Moons and Mis? H.ttell.
North B*ach Improvement Cl'ib— L. A.
Rea. A. P. GianninS. K. J. Sullivan. J.
Farnham. W. D. Kramer and K.
Wheeler.
Central Improvement Club— Naph B.
Greensfelder.
w.Vt.-ni Addition aub-Charles W. Su
tro.
Jack McDonald of the Olympic Club, ami
tfur champion niid.le-welght of the
coast, and '•Billy" Davflson of the Omaha
Athletic Club. He i.« heralded a* the ama
teur champion of Nebtaaka. This bout
is scheduled for ten routds.
The ei»rht-round gc^ are between
"Jack" McCormaek and Ed Myers. 1?)
pounds: Henry Lewli an«\ Dan Barry. Ci
pounds, and "Sandy" Mtr«se and Boner
Wilt. 145 pounds. The folltwrrs of boxtnff
rrc-f*-r these minor botits :>, more preten
tl'>us-looklnp ones between third-rate pro
fessionals. Ir. the smaller Uubs the box
rrs are chief!"/ amibitous anateurs anx
ious to make a name for themselves with
the glove*. AU-x (.regains will be ref
eree and ma.«t«r of rrrr-mnnlcu
At • 7iur«»
i wu
• ■
hand
Reay Kaocked Out.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 2S.— Jim Trimble
of this city knocked out Joe Rear of 6an
Francisco to-night h the ninth round at
the Los Angeles Attt»ttc Club, The fl«ht
was to have been for twenty round*. Reay
was put out with a terrible blow on the
rius followed by a puich over the heart.TROUBLES OF THE SAILOR MEN AT SEA
TROUBLE OVER
IHTEBIK OF
THE CURACAO
se! Ordered Back
:o the Stream.
OUN ON HIS METTLE
OT ACCEPT SAN PEDRO
JELAHCS PAPERS.
After the Passengers Were Ashore
cpd the Steamer Entered He
Made Her Go Into
Quarantine.
--'•vs fr«m Ignited States Quar
:. Jfflccr Kinyoun the steamer Cu
. i : to >o into tho stream again
•.;oay after nearly all the passengers
I been lauded and fui.y half th. crew
.• rtshrro.
Th« Curacao left fluaymas eleven days
. : r Sun Francisco. On her way up
coast she stopped at San Pcflro and
;and<-l a number of passengers and a con
bl« Quantity of freight. Tho United
StAJ ■> quarantine ofllctr at San Pedro
■ '"• ■: :r!i rxarr.inntlon of the yes
'■ r rahsi-rpcrs and crew nnd gave
:■■ a yon H» '.ins a ckan bill of health.
,\ •.'■!. crraxa i-ening forth tho above facts
eat to r>r. Klnyooa from San Pedro.
• :racao came on to San Francisco
'.Main yon Helms, thinking every
njr was all right, proceeded to his dock.
• 3 Mcdsxa whnrf he tailed to the
■ r: > !: Bpectora that he was from fc'an
• •'.ro a:,.l airked if they -would board him
i r uh< n tho v.-njol wa* d<x-ked. Tho
. understood the Custom-house
; ■ •>•> tu.y th.-y would board him when
■ • ked and he proceeded to Broadway
Ul r.ion aa the Curncao was tied up to
-.vy.arf. Lieutenant Jones of the reve
• cuttt-r Hartley went aboard and
tated to know why the steamor had
I waited for the boarding ofllcer. Cap
ri yon Helms explained the situation
i Jones, In so many words, told him
was a liar. A fistic encounter was '
erted by the hurried Kit of the lieu
tmmcdlaUly after the departure of
::>.r.ai.t Jonca, Captain yon Helms
at to the Custom-house and entered
ship. Ills clearance papers and health
rttflcate from Han Pedro were accepted
Ithoui a word «>f protest and
I i was pent to Broadway wharf
How the uhlp to discharge, "the work
if In full swing whfn I>r. Kinyoun ap
• i:« '1 on the Mcae and ordered the work
discharging stopped and everybody
>.ir>! placed In quarantine*. Then he
• at< ned to tine the Pacific Coast
i^t<amshlp Company IVrnO and, after fum
) •- about for twonty minutes, ordered the
.'■■■•> lurk into the Ftream to be txam-
Vlll.:!.
Th<* Curacao was only half manned, but
• m t tin \"ti Hrlmp took her dciwn as far
-.••l"' rt I'ulnt and there Dr. Kerr boarded
• ■ r St. th«* quarantine tueamer SternberK.
Diere vere no ship's papers for him to
ca >,\>t Bl they w.-re ;U1 In the Custom
h< UtC, n«> pamsensen to examine as they
w. r.- all ash.ir^ and, as to the crew. h«^
:>v« r :t<k".l about it. He did call up and
Ij'ik <>v<r a fouplf of Failure pent bark
h) !h.« American Consul at tfanta Rosnlia,
.itt-r which he cave the thip iKimi?slon
t i dock strain.
li r. •; • i- that Dr. Kinyoun acted un
v. r v.i ::•!!(,- ressela arrivlnsr on
:.'•• .\li:intlc t'oact from yellow fever
••-. This l;i^" allow* a vessel coming j
• .:?i. fay. Havana and entering at a
'. the United States to be Inspected '
!ti wl.«-n sho r«-ac!u's another American !
::. Th«- Pax-lfic Coast Stiamship Com- j
.> lia.- t<-l.KT:iph<-<l *i«-natnr P«-rklns and
i xhrr :n< :ri*» n of th<« CaJlfornia dole- |
n ':i « "'iin.rtss on th«? matter and Dr. I
:.\.u!j l.« lik.-ly to hoar a jrreat deal
. ■ it the Curacao during the next few |
days.
■;'•..■ < ■•jr.-i'VjO brings thr> news that the I
i ';::^^ men-of-war Pheasant, I>cand»*r,
■ •-;•■:. find Icarus were in Magdalcna
. when =he- wo? thf-re. They were all
, i\. for AcapolOO on December 30.
Captain Kelson :s now master of the
i hr ■■••• r Qrrn, «*.iptnln Johnson of the
Alcalde, Captain Andi-rpnn of tho Chal
1 r.i.-- r and Captain Johnston© of the ,
. aria R. Wilson.
• '.ipUiin Ofurit.' H. ••.-.' iMs came i
liack frotn Seattle yesterday and are Uv-
Ins with some frif-nds In the Mission.
< uptain Ewari had little to add to the
• iry ol the wreck <>f the Colusa n«-ar
Sltki that has already appeared In The
«"aIL He «1 i« 1 • v.rAthlnp possible to Fave
his k>.l;«. but th<- «'leni»-!itß were too much
l<>r him. The crew- of tho wrecked bark
was paid off at Seattle and nearly all
th< men had Joined other vemell before
Captain Ewan left tor San Francisco.
n City Wreck
<"rr>tain3 liulles and Bulger. United
t-tMos Jri*p'-rt<->rs nf Steam Wssels, re
1 orted yesterday that Captain T. P. Dor
i.<. tnaft' r of the Morgan City, wrecked
§«.ff the coast of Kotio, was not to blame
t>>r the nr<«d.*nt. He had taken a pilot
l.amed A. Mayors nnd had adopted all tho
:i r, ssary precautions. Th« Japanese
r.ovcrnmrnt h;u revoked the licence of
ihe pilot. Tlv l<-i*s caused by the wreck
is, estimated at fI'AOOO.
Dispute About Furniture.
The chnrpen nf grand larceny ngnlnst
Mm. F«nr.le M. Austin and perjury
i.jraJnrt Charon DeWltt Rpeneer. brought
liy Mrs. F. C. <^hrJrk». 1228 Market «tre©t.
were dismayed by Judge Con Jan yester
day on the ground tlint there wai no »>\-|
<V:kv> f» rapport them. Mrs. Gehricke
nrr-.isod Mrs. Austin nf stealing a quan
tuy of furniture ar.d Sjvncer with falsely
jwYarlr.g that he waj< the owner of It in
ji suit In the Justice* Court.
NEW STORE-NEW GOODS
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
AT THE NEW STORE.
V
GREAT CLEARANCE SALE
,-. AT THE NEW STORE.
•j
Cwnniol! 10 ° dozen LADIES' STOCK A C^>
OptJLlclli COLLARS will be offered 1 £\f*
EL^ it+&."jjr. m^. uZZZS rr ' I* "tin 51....... .......... -^^-^i^
J.O'BRIEN&CO.
1146 Market Street,
\ Bet. Taylor and Mason.
The New Four-Masted Schooner Expansion.
Noanntr completion nt Hay & Writ-hf'^ • -. r".-- In Alameda Ii the new four-masted ■ Ex] v n Ph*» Is Intended
for th«> Philippine tr - • . •«\ now on her wit • t i M, ir.il a with .i load of lum
t*r for tho Tnited St. tie Philippine Ii one of the beat built and handsomest vessels ever turned out of
il her builder? say U a 111 be even a liner vessel The Expansion is IN6 feet lon*.
in and IS : .. of pains with the vessel and she Is sure to be very
much admired when «=ho ar>i«»ars on the : i
FUNERAL OF POLICE
LIEUTENANT NASH
LAST TRIBUTES TO THE MEM
ORY OF THE OFFICER.
Many Members of the Department
Escort His Remains to the
Place of Interment.
Tho funeral of tho late Lieutenant
Charles Nash of the local police force
took place .it 1:30 o'clock yesterday after
noon from the Masonic Temple on Post
street.
At the hour appointed for the obsequies
the large hall wan crowded wlih friends
and relatives of tho deceased who had
gathered to pay the last tribute of affec
tion to (he body •>! the nan the] had
loved and respected ••. life. The casket
was placed at th. ; upper end of the hull
and groupeo. about it were a number of
beautiful floral pieces, ent by different
societies and organizations to which the
dead officer had bel< as,
Punctually at the hour set. the body was
brought into the hall and the Impressive
Masonic ceremonial for the burial of the
dead was observed under the direction of
Worshipful Master Henry P. I'mbsen of
California Lodge N*o. 1. to which the dead'
man had belonged.
At the conclusion of the. ceremonies the
entire assemblage passed around the cof
fin and took a last look on th»* features of
tho deceased, after which the lid was
screwed down and the body was borne to
the h«:arse below.
The pallbearers were: W. J. Johnson
and W. H. Jack, representing the Rons of
St. George: G. Welch and George Child*,
from California Chapter: A. M Wapph?
and E. J. Vogel, California Lodge; Lieu
tenant O. M. Anderson and Captain
George Blrdsall of the Polico Department,
and J. D. Held and A. Lauriston, from
the Caledonians.
Tho body was taken to the Masonic
Cemetery» where the interment took place..
Company B of the Police Department
marched with It as mourners and Com
panies A and C as escort.
The music was under the direction of
Samuel D. Mayer and consisted of vocal
renditions by a quartet composed of
Messrs. Mayer, Ogllvle, Fleming and
Jones.
,« ♦ •
NO CUSTOMS CONCESSIONS
Privileges Granted the Japanese Line
of Steamers Withdrawn.
The agent of the Japanese- lino of steam
ers plying between this port and Japan
was convinced yesterday that it is a good
thing to know a good thing when he sees
It and to hold on to it. Some time ago he
obtained some concessions from the Trea
sury Department of the United States in
the matter of certain privileges for his
line of steamers. It wan a good thing,
but he was not satisfied. He wanted more
and asked for more. The result was an
nounced yesterday In a dispatch from As
sistant Secretary Spauldlng to Customs
Collector Jackson as follows:
WASHINGTON. D. C. n«. t>.
To th« Collator of Customs. Ban Franclpco:
Supplies cannot be withdrawn free of duty
from warehouse for Japanese vessels. Tele-
rum 16th lniit. aJlow'.ntc drawback nn Imported
coal for Japanese vnmli under treaty with
Japan hereby r*voX*a. laM treaty irrar.ts
certain privileges to mssels, but not the above.
Artlelt « applies to cttlren* or f>ubj»ctH. nut
to ''•via.
An will be (««N»n the agent's second re
quest was not only denied, but what was
granted to him on his first request wrb
withdrawn. The Collector of the Port has
not be«»n furnished by the Treasury De
partment with a copy of the treaty with
J.ipan And no one knows officially what
Ita contents are. It Is only by Inquiry at
the Treasury Department that the terms
KAi*r\tn» knnu'n
TITE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29. 1899.
FREIGHT WRECKED
IN CAJON CANYON
Cars Destroyed and
Three Men Injured.
Biwlal I ''."H.iitoh to Th« Call.
SAN" BERNARDINO, n<*c. 2V— A =lnßU
lar and disastrous freight wreck occurred
early thlfl : • mIN-s from this
city. : on, resulting in the
irs of merchanidse and a
bridge several hundred feet U>im. Three
■ Injured.
The ccurred to tho westbound
. • ■ •
v. . i.-c, i by merchan
dise blowing- s car to pieces and setting
Ore to the train and bridge. Six of the
re loaded with cotton for
the Orient, tWO with telegraph wire and
i Ith general merchandise. The lat
: the trouble. Uoth ends of tho
ininjured.
At: ■ 'ho wire had his
: • :.'. .. M. \ica:i. who Was
Btealinc a ride between tJie cars, was
liurt. A :i was thrown
the t.ip of a car and knocked
but i • riously injured. The •
luiurK,
. taaeoapra w- re compel]
around the ruins.
SOCIETY GATHERS AT
THE CRELLIN TEA
OAKLAND, Deo. 2*! — One of th<> Import
ant functions of the
, ■■ toward the <'re!lin rt-r--.
I'urunt ■treats, to-day, where
CreUln and h«-r daughters,
Laura and llona CreUln,
:-rle of la«i:-
The handsome borne, which easily lends
itself to decoration, was beautifully ar
ranged for the affair, the wide, square
hall, drawing-room, billiard-room and
study being bright with Christmas ber
ries, ferns, cut palms and emilax. An
orchestra, screened from the guests,
added further to the enjoyment of the
pretty scene, which had for Its center the
receiving party.
The guest list" was a long one and the
attendance Indicated that there were but
few who did not accept their invitations.
Mrs. Crellln and her daughters were as
sisted in greeting their friends by Mrs.
Thomas Pheby Jr.. Mrs. William Morri
son, the Misses Chabot, the Misses Kltt
redge, Mii Drum. Miss Kellogg. Miss
Mary Barker, Miss Jane Rawlings, Miss
Carmen Moore. Miss Mahoney, Miss Holt,
Miss Grim wood. Miss Florence Starr, Miss
Sperry and Miss Sinclair.
A dinner dance was enjoyed by the re
ceiving party In the evening and a number
of gentlemen were Invited to be present.
They were: Messrs. Pheby, Morrison.
Nichols. William Horn. William Meln. A.
I. Stone, R. M. Fitzgerald. Carl Howard.
Wallace- Alexander, Raymond Russ, Abe
Lewis, T. G. Taylor Jr.. William Gorrlll.
Roger Friend, Bryant Grim wood, George
Wh»aton, Hart North and William Drum.
Rev. and Mrs Benjamin Fay Mills win
receive their friends on New Year's even
ing from 6 to 10 o'clock at the parish
house of the Unitarian church. They will
be assisted by the following ladles and
gentlemen: Mr. and Mrs, C. EL Reding
ton. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Bliss. Mr. and
lira. J. P. Irish. Hugh Hamilton, Mr. and
Mrs. Francis Anthony, Judge and Mrs.
J. W. Stetson, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Trlpp,
Mr. and Mr*. A. 11 .Elliot, Mi. and Mrs.
John ROSS, Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Burrell,
Mr. and Mrs. David Bush, F. 11. Clark.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. P. H. Fletcher. Mr. Gallo
way, Miss Winifred Curtis, Miss Came
Whelan, W. S. Baxter. George B. Evans.
Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Qleason, W. H. Gor
rill. Miss A. I* Zabel, Miss Alice Trlpp,
W. Andrews, Miss Lucy Fletcher, Miss
Thompson. Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Romillard.
Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Meredith, Mr. and
Mrs. D. MacNlchol, Mr. and Mrs. F. R,
Noyes, Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Bennison.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Augusta D. Evans, daughter of Colonel
J. F. Evans, and Churchill Taylor. The
announcement will arouse no little Inter
est for tho young people are well known
and very popular. Mr. Taylor Is a son of
the late J. I. Taylor and a brother of
Councilman Felton Taylor.
Miss Alma Hamilton and Rlnaldo Reid
of Haywards were married in San Fran
cisco yesterday, the ceremony being per
formed by the Rev. J. Leonard Oarver of
the Haywards Congregational Church.
After a wedding dinner Mr. and Mrs.
Reid left for Mount Hamilton, where they
will si end their honeymoon. The bride
Is the daughter of the Into Frederick
Hamilton, the architect, and is a noted
equestrienne and tennis player. Mr. Reid
is engaged in the drug business in Hay
wards and is popular In musical circles.
lie is a tennis player of marked ability
and Is president and ex-champion of the
Haywards club, of which his wife is lady
champion.
Miss Grace Inez Dawson became tho
bride of John R. Leavers to-night at the
home of her parents on Monroe street.
Rev. E. R. Dennett ofllclated and the
ceremony was witnessed by the relatives
of the young couple and a number of In
timate friends. The home was artistical
ly decorated for the occasion. After a
wedding supper Mr. and Mrs. Leavers
were driven to their pretty new home in
Frultvale.
Do Our Society Girls Smok«P
Rome one xays tliat the charming youn*
; ladies of San Francisco's upper Bet enjoy
a cigarette on the quiet as much as any
: onr; and. further, that It la only a matter
Of ttm* when the European custom of
' after-dinner smokin* by men and woni"n
alike will h« universally Indulged In. Can
this ho true? Read all about It In next
Sunday's Call., usui tli«.n nee what y>u
SCHOOL CONTRACTORS
WANT THEIR MONEY
THEY FILE CXAIMS AGAINST
THE DEPARTMENT.
Contend That Desks and Other Sup
plies Have Been Distributed
and Used.
Anotlu-r claim for $1400 was filod yoater
daj with the Board of Kducatlon by
W eber A r>>. for tarnples of furni
ture, valued at $6000, which the tlrm fur
oished the School Department a few
months agu. This claim lias never been
paid because the contract wad awarded
■ iry i" Hi- rules of the bourd.
It has been the custom for samples of
goods to remain in the storeroom of the
department so that comparisons could be
made when the supplies were furnished!
The contention in this instance is raised
by the llrm that the desks, etc., furnished
as samples have been distributed among
various schools and have been Used by
the department for some months. The
contractors, believing that they will never
be paid for the original claim of $GUOO.
now present a bill for the samples in the
hope that they will receive at least a part
of hat they regard as due them.
Chairman Holbruok of the finance
committee of the Board of Education
visited Auditor Wells yesterday morning
regarding the payment of other miscel
laneous claims to the amount of |MM>,
which were incurred la Juno of the last
fiscal year and never paid Mr. Holbrook
stated that there would be a surplus of
at least $4000 in the school funds which
might be applied to the payment of these
claims. The Auditor could not see his
way clear to sign the demands as the
law specifically provides that if there is
a surplus in one Jiscal year it must be car
ried over until the next, so the matter
will remain In abeyance.
READY TOR PARIS.
California's Exhibit Is Nearly Com-
plete and on the Road.
The work of t!,.- California I';trls Ex
position Commission is about completed,
and shortly after the tlrst of the yt-ar the
full exhibit which will be this State's
hhare of the K r 'ind exposition will bd on
its way to tho French capital.
This exhibit will not bo alone of the
farm or mine, but nearly even produc
tion, natural or artificial, which is Cail
furnlan In character will Ilnd a. place In
mate's contribution. Onyx pedestals,
rich carvings, statuary of home produc
tion, furs, furniture, wine exhibits ajid a
lurge collection of photographs Illustra
tive of California life, social, commercial
and industrial, will form features of the
show, besides these there will be an art
exhibit by tho best local artista. some of
whom axe scattered about in European
cities.
A special feature of California's par
ticipation in the exhibition will be the
work done at the Social Economy con
gresses. San Francisco will vie wltn New
York. Boston, Chicago, Philadelphia and
Bt. Louis for the gold medal to be be
stowed upon the best municipal and eco
nomic exhibition. Photographs of the
panhandle extension, the concrete water
dam at Crystal Springs, the cable car sys
tem, the ferry depot, the work of the
Hoalth Board and the Fire Department at
work will be sent on. Sets of elides show
ing the Affiliated Colleges of the State
University, the Hopkins Home, the Flood
house at Menlo and the Lick Observatory
will also be on exhibition. Lectures in
both French and English will be given on
California methods of mining and wine
making. The municipal exhibit will rep
resent S7S photographs.
The commission has made every ar
ranpvment for the comfort of visiting
guests, full telephonic nnd telegraphic
service being secured for the California
building. Reading and writing rooms are
being fitted up and a complete Informa
tion bureau established. Varney (Jaskill
and an assistant secretary are now en
route to look out for the State exhibit.
Expert's Bill Largely Reduced.
The Judiciary Committee of th« Board
of Supervisors yesterday cut a demand
of Carl BJteenschlmel. the writing expert,
from $123 to $10. Tho bill was for services
r< rm • red by the expert in the case of
Thomas A. Kelly, ixilico court clepk, who
was on trial recently for felony.
Judge Lawler certified that the service
h;id been rendered, but he stated that he
ktuw nothing an to the valu« thereof. The
specific Items of the hill which were re
garded as extortionate and were cut
ns follows: Study and preparation
of testimony, from $25 to $2; two days' tes
timony In court, from $50 to $4; one day
additional preparation of Wilson docu
ment, $25 to $2; one day additional testi
mony in court, $2n to $2.
Will Complete Hall of Justice.
A communication was received yestor
.l.iy by the Hoard of Supervisors from the
Pacific Surety Company, bundsmen for
Hateman Brothers, contractors for the
Hall of Justice, in which the company
states that It will take immediate steps to
complete the building. Work will begin
within the five days specified in the reso
lution adopted by the board and It will be
diligently prosecuted to completion. It
is thought that the building? will be ready
for occupam-y by the Criminal Courts
and other departments on January 15.
Thu Jail floor will not be finished until
February 1, on account of the construc
tion of tho locking device which will come
from a St. Louis firm.
Gained One Vote in the Becount.
The p:uk panhandle proposition voted
for at Wednesday's election gained one
vote yesterday In the official recount by
the Election Commissioners. The total
vote was 23.972. of which 21.901 were for the
bonds, 7R4<l against and 31 scattering. The
commission met again In the afternoon
and officially declared the result.
Calendars and diaries for 1900. Open
evenings this week. Banborn, Vail & Co.*
TARTAR NEARLY
WENT DOWN IN
A BIG CYCLONE
Narrow Escape of the
Transport.
CENTENNIAL IS STILL HELD
RATS ABOARD ARE BEING
HUNTED TO DEATH.
United States Quarantine Officer Kin
youn Afraid That the Rodents
Might Bring the Bubonic
Plague Here.
Three more transports will bo turned
over to their owners in a few days. The
Centennial, Newport and Tar-tar are all
in from the Philippine! and as soon as
they can be examined and their damages
assessed they will cease to be transports.
The Centennial Is still In quarantine.
The bubonic plague scare from Honolulu
has set Quarantine Office Klnyoun guess
ing and he Is not taking any chances.
There is no trace of the disease on the
vessel and, as has been demonstrated,
no likelihood of the plague finding lodg
ment here, but still there are many Ha
waiian rats that have made a home on
the steamer and they have all to be
caught and sacrificed before the vessel
will be allowed to dock.
Hats are said to be the most prolific
means of spreading the plague. Th«
carry the germs from port to port and
in this way the dread disease reaches the
most can-fully guarded harbors. There is
no fear that the ruts on the Centennial
will carry any plague into Ban Francisco,
as every one Of the rodents will be ex
terminated. This operation is expected to
be performed thoroughly by to-day and
the transport will come to the wharf some
time this afternoon.
The Tartar very nearly went to the
bottom with all hands during the voy
age from San Francisco to Manila. When
on the meridian she was caught in a cy
clone that nearly wrecked all her upper
works. Th* after house was stove in,
two of the lifeboats were washed away
and two more were smashed Into kindling
wood; skylights were stove in, cabins
flooded, starboard bulwarks carried away
and the after steering gear smashed. All
In all, the transport had a close call.
The remains of four persons came up
on the Tartar. They were those of James
Williams. Company F, Twenty-eighth In
fantry; Sam Davis, Company Q. and
James Wigs, Company F. Twenty-eighth
Infantry, and Richard Ball, an army
butcher. Two stowaways also came back
on the vessel. They were Frank A. Byrne.
who made his way down on th© George
W. Elder, and Charley Homer, who went
down with Captain Hastings of the Twen
ty-second regiment. Both lads were sent
home by General Otis.
The remains of Lieutenant Keyes came
home on the Newport. There were five
Passengers on the transport. Captain Z.
W. Torrey and F. B. Jones have come
back to America to act as recruiting of
tlcers for the army. Lieutenant Louis R.
Burgess of the Fifth Artillery also came
home. He is on ?lck leave, having been
wounded at Imus.
Mrs. Gallagher in Court.
Mrs. M. A. Gallagher, wife of Attorney
Walter GalTaßher, appeared yesterday In
Judge Graham's court OH the change of
manslaughter. It belxu charged that she
caused the death of Mrs. Marcella Caleb.
The case was continued till January 3,
pending the result of the Coroner's In
quest.
DE PACHMANN AGAIN
CHARMS HIS AUDITORS
Dn PACHMANN*B second recital at
the California yesterday afternoon
dr<-w another larve audience. It is
not generally considered necessary
that one should so© a musician ai wpl!
~t htm. nnd therefore thf women in
a concert audience take unto themselves
the satisfaction of Ignoring the in^h hat
ordinance and placidly obstruct the vision
of those wh-> arc so unfortunate as to
Fit behind them. This Is not a mntter of
very t;reat moment at most musical enter
tainments, and at some might he account
ed a boon, but one's enjoyment of De
Pachmann Is materially enhanced by a
vlnual observation of his methods. Ills
digital facility Is as interesting as that
of any virtuoso, although his lingering Is
not modern. De Pachmann not being a
disciple of the new pianlsm; It Is rather
the fantastic character of his expression
and pose that attracts and amuses.
De Pachinann'a peculiarities were strik
ingly exemplified yesterday In the Schu
mann G minor Sonata. In the second
movement (andantlno) he wan all rapt
eeatacy. and In the scherzo that followed
the embodiment of Jocose humor. In a
nocturne he dreams. In an etude n* dem
onstrates, and If It were possible he would
dance, to his own playing of a mazurka.
Th<» programme began In an unorthodox
manner with Beethoven's melodious "C
Major Sonata, Op. 53." The second Item.
"Seventeen Variations Serialises" (Men
delssohn-Bartholdl), a set of variations
within variations, was Interesting as an
example of musical complexity and came
to a solendid climax In the tlnal *xpres
hlon of the theme. The number was In
terrupted at the thirteenth variation by
untimely applause. I do not think the
unlucky integer had anything to do with
It. but rather the unreason of the, avi
flionco, or a part thereof, which was re
sponsible for a loss of the final" In several
numbers. The American public has not
been educated to applaud with propriety,
and hence w^ find artists compelled to ac
knowledge not only nfter every number
on the programme, but after every move
ment of suite, sonata or symphony. De
Pachmann did not seem satisfied with the
programme, winch he scanned from time
to time, nnd played Chopin's "Etude No.
5" with apparent reluctance.
It wu.s his encore number at the first
r«-< ital and In order that his auditors
should not suffer for the want nf some
thing fresh he inserted the other O flit
"Etude" with marked success. 11.- brought
to the "lfasurka Dp. <." a ?>prlghtliiie«<s
that was Inspiriting. Tho .1 tiK-inK qual
ity could not be more delightfully ren
dered. The sam<- If true of Weber's "In
vitation a la Danse." which ended th»> pro
gramme, but with which he took many
technical liberties. He read Chopin's
"Third Ballade" with much originality
though his use of syncopation was apo
cryphal, but one can forgive I>e Pach
mann much for the sureness of his oh. inn
The last recital will take place this after
iwion at 3:15 o'clock.
PORTER OARNETT.
Took Up a Collection In Court.
William Pyne. 16 years of age. appeared
In Judpe Graham's court yesterday on a
charge <>f vagrancy. H* was arrested on
Wednesday at Ocean View by Policeman
Herve. The boy told the Judge that
his mother was dead and his father stok.
and he was walking to Baden to find work
when the officer arrested him. The Judge
dismissed the cape and a collection was
taken up In court for the boy.
CAPITAL PRIZES
Little Mexican 25 and 10 Cent Tickets.
72. 35! draws $400, sold In San Frnnclsco; 22. 4^1
draws $1000 f sold in Waduworth. Nev ■ .-.ll'To
draws $100, sold In Pan Frandsco. The for
tunate holders of those numbers will receive
their money by presenting th<»lr tickets to
HKNRT P. KAHN £ CO., room n, 12< Keamy
St.. San Frnnrl*co. •
The Original Little Beneflcencla Publlca
Co* of San Francisco. Drawing
December 28. 1899.
. No. 72382 wins $376*1. sold In San Francisco
Cal.; No. 22401 wins $1250, Bold in San Francisco
Cal.; No. 46,466 wins $fiZ.".. sold In San Francisco
Cal.; Nos. 45M56. 20099. 61270. 75907 and 77547 each
win $62 CO. Bold In San Francisco and Fresno
CjO. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FAMOUS STATESMEN: ALBERT CALLATIN.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
GRE/\T A/V\ERICAIN STATESMEN.
Contributors to this course: Trofeusor Albert Hu*hnell Hart 'Prof mor John Bach Mo
iSuihHn £d "'her? 41 ' 1 " "' SmUh< Dr ' W< Spelr "' >rVfrLor AndrCw C Mc-
XI.— ALBERT OALLATIN.
BY JAMES AI.HKRT WOODBURN,
PH. D.
America hnn much cmnM for pratltuflo
■ • Iga liirth. li
pui. lie iir.' during our century of pa
alitv f=uch :
worthy part. With tbe . \ •
amli-r BajnlltOO DO on. of OUI f.r.'U'n-born
i ltizt-ns h •. re to
the republic or done more to promote it*
honor and glory than A!hfrt Qallatla Ills
is a name that. AmcrlCftlM of all parties
and classes would do woli to honor.
Birth and Early Life.
Gallatin wai born In Genera, Bwltier
lasd, January ■-<. VKL Hi died
Long Mai
eighth year Imrinj: this lon^' iif.« hi
f..r more than forty yeati from '
IS49— almost eontlnuously In the puolle
hi this period of two I
I phail notice especially three a«p«
his public career—
1. As a commoner In th« Houm of Represent
atives fr>m 1716 to WW.
2. As a Finance Minister to the President
from ISOI to 1«.13.
a. As h diplomat, an a pea<"<> n.-c:,Ttlator at
("ih»-nt In >mi. and ;i?> an
ami Kns!ur,.l
Of these three distinct periods of i
tin's lif..- nil btogTapher, John Austin Sto
vens. says:
By his political life Mr dallatla acquired an
American reputation: by his manaupincnl of
th* finances .if toe l"nlt<»d States h<; placed him
self among th* first of political economists of
the day, an.l by his masterly conduct of the
treaty of Ohent he showed himself the e<jual of
the best Kuropean statesmen on their own pe
culiar ground of diplomacy.
A few words as to the life of our states
man before his entrance upon the arena
of national politics. Gallatln was educated
at the University of Geneva, where he
graduated In 1779. In 17S0 he emigrated to
the United States, He engaged In trade
for a fear In Maine, and for two years he
taught the French language in Harvard
AI.BKRT OAI LATIN.
University. In 17*4 he Fettled In Western
Pennsylvania. Here he soon began to tf ke
an Interest In politics, and in IT s *? and 17jsS,
as an anti-Federalist, he opposed the
adoption of the constitution. In 1790 he
was elected to the Pennsylvania Legisla
ture, and in 1793 he was elected, strange
to say, by a Federalist Legislature to the
United States Senate. He served In the
Senate two months, and then by a strict
party vote he was declared to be ineligi
ble and was deprived of his seat on the
ground that at the time of his election he
had been a. citizen of the United States
only eight years, having taken the oath
of allegiance in October, 17SS. In 1794 lie
used his tact and ability and his great in
fluence with the people of Western Penn
sylvania to alloy the whisky insurrection.
He was in sympathy with his Scotch-Irish
constituents as remonstrants and protest
ants against the excise and the Interfer
ence of Government, but he would not
lend them nor follow them as Insurrection
ists.
Gallatin in House of Representatives.
Gallatin took his seat In Congress in
December, 1795, and thus began his nation
al career. He became a follower of Madi
son, the floor leader of the Republican
opposition. He was a ke. n and compe
tent critic of Hamilton's financial policy.
He believed In asserting and maintaining
the power and prerogative of the House
as the dominant popular branch of The
Government, and it was at his suggestion
that the Committee of Ways and Means
was first made a separate committee in
that body.
That which most dlstlngulshesOallntin's
career in the House was his record upaa
Jay's treaty. He was the leader of be
opposition to that treaty and In the course
of the discussion he charged Jay with
having puslllanlmously surrendered the
honor and Interests of his country. The
fierce opposition with which the treaty
was received when its terms were made
known to the public is well known. This
opposition van ably represented In Con
gress. There had yet to be established
the rule and precedent as to the partici
pation of the House In the treaty-making
power. The parliamentary struggle be
gan between the administration an 1 the
popular branch of Congress on March J.
179ti. when President Washington pro
claimed the treaty the law of the land
and communicated it to the House In or
der that ilie necessary appropriations
might be made to carry the treaty It to
effect. Edward Livingston of New York
offered a resolution calling on the Presi
dent for Jay's Instruction** and Other pa
pers relating to the treaty. The flrst of
the two great debates in th" House on the
"British treaty" occurred on this resolu
tion. Th« ditcusslon had little to do with
the merits and demerits of the treaty,
but It dealt with the question whether
the House might rightfully participate !n
giving a .treaty Its effect.
It was understood that the Jay treaty
contained previsions known to he In oppo
sition to the will of the House, whose In
sertion In the treaty had been recom
mended by Hamlltor with the express .le
sign of making laws by the more conven
ient combination of President and Sen
ate Instead of President and Congress.
Gallatin held that the House had a rignt
to prevent tMs and under his leadership
his party majority passed he Livingston
resolution. Washington refused to sub
mit the papers called for and the House
fell back upon a resolution that while It
claimed no agency In the making of
treaties, as a part of Congress It did <-i-|rn
the right cf deliberation and deciding
upon the expediency of carrying Into ef
fect a treaty that dealt with subject*—
like the regulation of commerce— given by
the constitution to the control of Con
gress. A second great debate arose on this
subject a few weeks later on a Federalist
resolution that the necessary laws should
be passed to carry the treaty Into effect
This discussion touched the merits of and
expediency of the treaty. Gallatln'3 pow
erful arraignment of the treaty called out
two days later the great talents of Fisher
Ames In its defense. Here was a conflict
of great minds In one of the greatest of
Congressional debates.
Oallatln as Secretary of the Treasury.
Before Gallatin left the House he had
become the Republican leader of that
body. and it was largely owlnv to
his talents and leadership that the
JefTcrioiiian Republicans triumphed In
ISW. With the beginning of Jef
fensun s administration in liul Uul
latm became the Secretary of the
lieastry, a position which lit- held COn
tirijous.y utiu.-r two Presidents untii IMJ.
iialiutint) jioiay U\ the treasury may bo
summed up in two word*— debt pu>iiiß
and tax r. auction, It may be paradoxical
that v nuance minister should expect to
accomplish both these ends at once. l*et
us lea what political si^ninc-ance attaches
■ ■ Le . policy and how it was accom
plished. in atudyinn GaJlatin ua a tinan
cicr one is led unavoidably to comparo
him with Hamilton. To the Kepubltcan*
Hamilton was a dangtrou.-* enemy to lib
erty. They charged hlr with looklntf
upon a national debt as v national bless
ing, lhe accusation was not just; but It
was a fact that Hamilton had put tho
I n.ttd Hiates under a good deal of debt,
and «_• manifested no great anxiety to
provide for Its Immediate discharge. His
political purpose was to attach to the new
uovernment tho rich and well-to-do, tho
banking and the commercial classes. Ho
eld not feel euro that men would support
the Government unless It was to their
pecuniary Interest to do so. Hut (Jallatln,
representing the lU-publicans. looked upon
a national debt .is a means and bulwark
of corruption. He would lift its burden
from the people as soon as possible and
let them be free to work out their own
destiny and to pursue their own way
without Interference or patronage from
government. He believed that men had
a natural desire to serve the state. Ham
ilton was pessimistic, Oallatln was optl
mlHtlc.
• with a rvvim;.
i)f it
At thl
-
Hut t
Oallatl
.
pie in IsOO ha.l d and
Qallatln'a party »iv
rrppal th<-m. Taking
.v had left fron.
enue I2.ttsy.wu for the •*: ■
the Government. 1
■ : '
• ntir.' i-iv
..in retrenchn •
th>' da) * of JefferiK n. it:
■
tax. s fro, and paying, vi
full i
Louisiana- ■ *iin
public debt frutii tW.WO.OOJ f'» J
Diplomat and Ambassador.
In 18U <:;il!.ir; .r five
rniiiii,:
I ■
were John Qulnry Adam*
rind Runsell. Oallalln w
«-fjual of any <«f his colli .
match fur • \
Ghent li>- showed w<
v. peneti
and his knowli
"To Gallatln,
"tlu- study
•
suit of rv.Ty treaty ma
bet wi en the |
than contempor i ->r la
n<>w Imafii . tho
hlstnrlan <>th!
< >hent waa the ■]
liar triumph of Mr Oallatln." II
! with hh '
al>l*» to keen th<
<"lay.
■ miii-h in ■ it (<>r
In th<» mission might h i
Galatin's Later Life.
After the negotiation of the.
Latin ■ ■ ear on th<
of, Europe. In ISI6 he t- Km
« here, tie r> n
until 1823. R*l
year, he refused an appoint!!
Adams' Cabinet; bui
solicitation of th" It. -:■!•■:;•. I ■
ke Kufus King's place at
Jami !
merclal treaty t ■ ! full
indemnity froni
■ f the tr> • vi MB*
until his death I itin lived In
tnent. Throughout I
was constantly :
and hi -.ally published
and papers of gre.it bistort litlcal
value and Importance. In
■ the addri
uii'..- memorial In favor > I
which he was attacked as v
<>n the floor of
declaring the resol H
tlon to be an "undJsgulM
power and a violation of the constit . n
!n wa» a man of
•lrlt Of res. an !i L: >n. h[n
D plar, he was ■ :r|. n>l
to the higher education, and wherever
possible h«> used his public Inflqen
f.ancement of learning. Ills c
tlon of public duty was Ideal To him. In
the truest sense, a public irnVe wa-< ;i pub
lic trust. H»» met .-very trust with fidelity,
and when he died, full of honors as of
he left a name which has become
a credit to his race.
Indiana University.
. ♦ .
FORD ON THE WARPATH.
Street Car Conductor Accused of At
tempting to Shoot His Brother
in-Law.
John Ford, a streetcar conductor living
on Preclta avenue, was arrested yester
day afternoon by Detectives Fitzgerald
and Graham and booked at tho City
Prison on charges of assault with a
deadly weapon and carrying a concealed
weapon.
Ford's arrest Is the outcome of family
troubles. His wife gave birth to a baby
girl about three weeks ago after being
married a year. Tuesday night. It is al
leged, ho beat her and she took refuge ir.
the house of Harry Walsh, 14 Hampshire
street, her brother-in-law. Yesterday she
1.-ft Walsh's house and went to her aunt,
Mrs. Dillon, 2S Washington avenue. Yes
terday afternoon Ford called at Walsh's
house and demanded to see his \\\i> . Ho
was told she was not there. He was not
convinced and raised a disturbance.
ent to the
• nto make a r •
Ford, and when he return •
Ford pulled a r<
and att< n]
Each tlmi 1 the •
l..|riK ur • in the
■ i !•■ was ar
aid the re
volvtT wan found In t.
RIPARIAN RIGHTS.
Suit Brought by Nevada Agricul-
turists for Damages and an
Injunction.
John Anderson, Walter Berry and oth
ers began suit yesterday In the United
States Circuit Court against Henry Ram
man, Fred Brans, Mary Merrill and others
for an Injunction and $20,000 damages al
leged to have been Inflicted upon the com
plainants by reason of the defendants In
fringing upon their rights an riparian
owners. '• -.
Complainants allege that they occupy
7717 acres of farming land on th. west
fork of the Carson River In Douglana
County, Nevnda. on which they are raid
ing fruit, vegetables, nlfnlfn nnd stock.
For the watering of this tract they ha\ - o
appropriated 21.201 Inches of water. They
allege that In March. 1V"«. the defendants
residing In Alpine County, California, con
structed dams across the west fork of tho
Carson River and diverted and wasted tho
waters thereof to the damage of Uie com
nialnacta In the sum stated.
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
l fairly act.
SUI i need slightly. Exchange about the same.
) dedimmg futures.
Barky and Oats dull. Corn neglected and loner.
: stuffs shoiv no change.
igHttttt.
and Vegetables undisturbed.
r f.rv:. : ..jtions of a further advance.
as previously quoted.
•v scarce and generally higher. Game rules firm.
•? of all hinds plentiful and dull.
Xo change in Pro:-isions.
Charters.
The LeuJse J. Kerrey loads merchandise for
Can !•:::.»
The F. B. Kedfleia loads lumber at Tacoma
for Honolulu; Etronsa, wheat at Tacoma for
Europe. MS Bd— i>r!cr to arrival; James Rolph.
lumber at Port » r.fond for Noumea.
— — — —^ - . v
Imports of Specie.
In'.r-orts of specie at th'.s port during the
fir>t 'eleven months of the year were »1«.::«.:31.
suralr.ft $J2,£59,719 during the same time In
:■■--. aa followk: Gold bullion. II 163.18J; gold
mln. i;a.2r.6,CC2; silver bullion. fI.CC9.US; silver
i-oln, Ji'i.vr.^ The leading sources were; Am
iru'.la. :^.414.1C:; Mexico. t2.551.L71.
Weather Report.
CTDth Merld'.an-Paclfle Time.)
PAN FT \SCtBCO. Dec. 2S— 5 p. m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of sam« date
lan ■ea»oa. and rainfalls In th« last twenty
(oar bours:
Last This Laj>t
Sutler.*— 24 Hours. 6eason. Season.
Kurtka 0.00 25. 2S 10.24
}{f^i niurr coo 9.7s s.m
Ssrram.nto (i.OO ».?» 3.5-1
San Franc»sro 0.00 9.67 3.»»
Frcfno O.(-O 4.41 l.tl
independence 0.00 1.66 i-.«l
Hj.n Luis Obi«po 0.00 fr.3o 1.31
Ixtf An»rles 0.00 3.34 0.10
San Diego O.Od 1>« 1 .01
000 0.1.8 1.32
San Frar.cinco data: Maximum temperature.
4S; minimum. 37; mean. 42.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A norm of moderate enercy thus far has
made its appearance over \\ ashlngton «.nd
\ ancouvrr. Rain !» fallinc from the mouth
Of the Columbia River northward. The area
«>f hljjh pre»i)ture over the Rocky Mountain
re*lcn will 1-rnba.bly move eastward. Th«
prcsfure has fallen plowly along the c>.a«t of
California. Indication* are m«.re favorable for
rain owr Central and Northern California
thun they have tx*en *lnce I>ecfmt«er 17.
The temperature ha* rl?en rapidly on the
cnxn of California from Point Conception
> ■■•■! «••>: 1 to Pan !•.<-•■
Heavy fos continues in the Sacramento and
San Joaqutn valleys.
VatrciLtl made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight. December 29:
Northern California— Cloudy Friday, prob
ably rain In central and northern portions;
fresh FouthcaMoiiy ulnds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday, possi
bly alcnit the northern coast; Ire*h southeaster
ly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday, probably snow 1:.
nir»tne northern prtlon.
l-tah-Falr Friday.
Arixrna— Fair Friday.
San Franrifco and vlcln'.ty— Cloudy Friday,
probably rain; northerly changing to eouth
taFterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. Me ADI
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Hew York Stock Market.
NXW T^iRK. Pee. IV— Tbe chances In prices
to-day »'T( lars<"ly due to operations by board
room trade*. The erratic fluctuations !a tt.e
murket r«-2erted the uncertainty of this cliir*
of sj*culktor». They told the market at the
openlr.E on the lo^er prices from London.
The i-übstantlal character of the buvlnit d«"
mnnd which they n-.et and vhe confluent re
funal >.f the market to go down, caused them
to turn to the lor.* ride. The ■hi] mer
curial BpedsJttel were the favorites In the
dealings, and t^me of th*m Mi Mi up In a
rather senratlonal manner. Metropolitan
Strret Hallway, .- ig»r and BrOOkty* Rapid
Transit were the most conspicuous features
of the market all day. The rise In these was
po coni-lderable a." to Invite the reallxlng of
jiroflt*. towarJ the clcse. This caused the
market to run off at the cost of a large part
of the earlier c&lnx established. The Novem
ber ftatement of the Ft. Paul's t-arnlnßs. show
mjt the increase In the gross earnings more
than w!x>ed cut a Mine decrease In
the n»t rtturn of over $73,(00, had a marked
cJTict on the ra'.lroad list, which declined
■bftrpty throußhaut. The fall from the trp
lt\el to St. Paul wa> 1%, and reached a point
In a number of ether railroad stocks. The
ocnsi'jucnce »cs a mixture of m-t rains and
lOMCt, althouKli the market hardene<l in the
(inal dcailncs on a demand from the t-hoits
to cover their contracts. While the movement
of priced was largily due to professional
matui u!atlon, there w^s a crood value uf bu^l
r •■ > :■,:■■< :.:.:.k a continuance uf substaniia:
flrmaiiU from oul*lde nources through com
tnihKluti booses. TT»e demand lor t>mail lnts of
rtc<cks .continued In evidence c»i>*clally on any
rVi'eM.lor.s In prices. There was no evidence
cf uneaitnes* over the money situa
tion and no pretsure to fcII stocks. Al
though {.riceit were lower. th?re wa« no evi
dence Of miy !rar of distrust at that point
with Urn. iirngri'j's oj the tettlement. The
tr.cney rttuatlon In N>w York continued easy
ttr.d o<.nflJi-rice Ik li-lt that Ihe shcirt remaining
j>crt<>U !«•::■ the ciimlng ut tt.e year will bn
■ ::.; :\u.\ :_■ tided over. Some corporation*
ate atiltcli>!ttlr.ff the January first laynunt*.
Mcncy U coniing ta New York from out-ol
town bourcen, partly in the torm of returns
•<n ' i. r.i •■;... i- trade to be Ccporited in the
banks, jiartly in the form of remittances to
make good losses on stocks In the lp.te decline
nr.d I'flrtly fcr i!ivr:tment in new accounts in
The ttii'k markrts. Th* pressure for funds
:rcm Uiston ha» r>lax<d and Now Ynrlt ex
change ut that center rtse to par. The shlp
11 ntk pf go!d ar.nuunced for KuturOay hod
ttttla «-ffc-ct on sentiment, owing to the tecllng
that fonew nre at work to u!:;tet this drain.
Duitnert in the l>ond market wae on a
fairly large »ral«? and j,rlce» lor the most part
advanced, liut there were enough exception*
to make V.n> market Irregular. Total .-»:,-,
par value. J2.17ti.0C0.
L'nltrd Mates n»w 4c nr.d 1% declined 4 and
8a :;• J old 4i \ In the btfi prtet.
NEW VCHK STOCK LIST.
Eharei Clo»lng;
t i*. bid.
Cfl Atchlron I»H
I7.SS Atrhlaon prefd l»»i
'.:■•" lUlttmr>re & Ohio .V-j
Canadian TacMJc Sou.
1.412 Canada Southern 4b»*
k.oC <'bctJir.rak« & < »hlo »«,
S.OiU Chlcaro Oreat Wretern Kj,
17.170 irhlraßo Uurllr.Kton & gulncy . . iri\
-.„ Oi.!ca«») lnd & I^tulivlile . IS
Chicago Ind & Iyjulnvllle prefd «
j(V) Oilc A trart Ililnois *;
y<o Chic & N«jrthwpßt«rn -K$K
:<,tii <"nlc JU-ck Island & I'ac lf«S
j.cio *: c o & st Jx.u« co
C.J»O Color*«lo Southern .. D
530 <\ilo Fuutltern l?t prefd 4ftu
. ;. Colo Southfrn Id j>r«?d IS
200 1-"! A IIj.J: - n 11l
too I>el Ljirk ft Western 174
l.(W0 prnv«-r A It O K%
I.4TU l>envt-r & H G i>refd ».i
1... Krle 10»i
<>:a Krle lit prcM 21^
7C« flr»*at Northern rrcfd 172
... HocUnr ' '■•> 114
13-1 Uwkins Vailey «»,
ttJ nilnold Central ■ 11l
2:0 lowa OctraJ n\i
r.O lowa Central i>« fd 4t
... Kar.« City I'ltt« & iUlf %
... Kik» K»le it-Wthlrrn tOU
I'jO L. IS & Wrttfrn lirefd M
... lAk<« Fl'or*> «00
47; I»ul«llle 4 Nashville 7714
<*7S Manhfcttun L. ... 96
CSI Met St Hallway, ex dlv i;ji^
tbO Mexican Central 10
iOO Minn A HI I-*>ul« - j,SU
J<« Minn & ft I>.ui» prefd jtj
KO MlMourl Tucinc 3ji;
... Mobile & OhJa a
:JO ilit»ojrl Knr.»aji A Texas ]C^
CCO Mlrxouii K«n«an it Tjcxas prefd 31
M/ 0 New Jersey Central USV4
C 9 N?w York CtntraJ ISIVj
« .(CO Norfolk It Wertern 23^
LUS Norfolk & Wettrrn "fd C7>»
€.«.« Northern IVcinc t2Ji
E.IOO Northern Pacific prefd -72 T t
9.090 Ontario & Western 21%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 4!
Or Railway & Nay prefd 76
9.872 Pennsylvania 1194
IM Reading :T<
8.905 Read::.* m prefd 484
1.200 Reading Id prefd 27
Rio Grande Western 35
....... Rio Grande Western prefd SO
♦00 St Louis ASF »U
St Louie & 8 F l£t prefd 65
170 St Louis & 8 F 2d prefd 314
100 St Louis Southwestern 10
2.060 St Louis Southwestern prefd 23 i
12.0f.0 St Paul 1174
$41 St I'aul prefd 172
100 St Paul a Omaha 120
29.725 Southern Pacific 204
3,f*o Southern Railway 114
3.3C3 Southern Railway prefd £3
LOW Texas & Pacific 14\,
tl.no l.'nlon Pacific 46S
Jt.770 I'nlon Pacific rrefd ... 734
200 Waba.«h 7V»
L,3C>O Wabash prefd 204
2.71* Wheeling & L FT 9
4.610 Wheeling & L E M prefd 254
tOO Wisconsin Central IS
Express Companies —
Adams ill
American 140
Vnlted States 45
Wells-Fargo 120
Miscellaneous—
1.215 American Cotton OH ts\
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
?'TO American Malting 74
:o American Malting prefd 30
H* American Smelting A Refng 35 U
1T>.490 American Smelting & litng prefd... M
American Spirit* 24
American Spirit* prefd 17
1.315 American Steel Hoop 4J
H"0 American Steel Hoop prefd 794
11, '•SO American Steel .•. Wire 464
KO American Steel & Wire prefd 89
7ixt American Tin nate 27
500 American Tin Plate prefd ~i
ED.KO American Tobacco .'. 9<4
l«f> American Tobacco prefd 13.'.
4.*0 Anaconda Mining Co SS
97.670 Brooklyn Raj-Id Transit 71S
7..W Colorado Furl & Iron 42
4.135 Continental Tobacco t\\
2,«C0 Continental Tobacco i refd M
2<>.3v) Federal Steel .WJ
£.010 Federal Steel prefd 724
700 General Electric U0
1.835 Glucose Sugar 444
300 Glucose Sugar prefd S3 "
3,100 International Paper 22« 4
200 International Paper prefd 67
SOO Laclede Gan 80
200 National Biscuit 30
....... National Rlscult prefd f)
WS N.in. !.:.! *ad ;:.
4J9 National Lead prefd I<KIU
£79 National Steel 42 *
200 National St«-el prefd 91
557 Now York Air Brake 1.14
1.&10 North -American 13\
900 Pacific Cca*t 4<«H
Pacific ut lit prefd fco
Pacific Coaft id prefd €')
S.2«i Pacific Mall 41>«
14.W5 People's Ga» 1O2»»
tOO Preyperi Steel Car H
I.2ft-) Pressed Steel Car prefd 86
140 Pullman Palace Car ISJ
5."0 Standard Rojk? & Twine 84
64.:: Sugar 127* 4
Sugar prefd 1134
C.40) Tennessee Coal * Iron Mi*
6,r.r.0 Vnlted States Lather 13},
2.210 t.'nited State* leather prefd fIU
1.02-j Tnite.l States Rabbi « "-
KV> United States Rubber prefd 102
529 Western I'nion , f>3
■.tM Republic Iron & Steel 19?;
I.OM Republic Iron & Steel prefd 641;
I 1I 1 C C * St Louis n\
fcei,'oo Shares MM.
CLOSING BONDS.
CSJi reg 1«4 IN T Central l*ts...H2
L'K3s reg 110 li IN J Cent gen 89....120
V S 3» coup Uo'4 North Carolina 65.. 127
I" B new ts reg.... 133% : North Carolina 4- 107
D 1 new 4." eoup..»3«£ ;>or Par lsts 110
IT S old 4.v rvjt 113 NorPaeai H\
D 8 old 4a coup.. lls"*! Nor Pac 4e 103
L* SEs reg US N Y<**Si I, 4f ] *'*
I* Sls coup 113 Nor A W cons 45.. '"'
Dirt of Col 3.iaa..1tl Nor A W gen 1i .119
Atchlnon gen 45.... 9* Oregon Nay 15t5... 110
Atchlson adjust 4s. 78 | Oregon Nay 4* 100^4
Canada. Sou 2ds 107 {Or Short L'.ne €* .1254
Chen A O 4U« .. S4HiOr 8 L cons be 1124
Chts AO I* 113 Ilea/llng *en 4.«... 86
C & Nor cons t0... Ml 1 1; West lsts.. 96 T i
C & N ■ F I** 65.. 116 iftL A I M.cons 55.109
Phlc Term <« 81H!?t LA S gen C 5.120
D ft It G lsts 106*. |St Paul cons 16«
D & It G 4* 98UjSt I" C & P lsts....llSS
■ t V* & .; a lets. lo3 st r c & P 5e....115>,
Blie gen 4s 70 |Sou Railway 65... .107*4
X WA D C Ist? 70 standard RAT 6? 79 *
Gen Electric 1a... 119 Term new #ett 35.. 93 I
aJiAB A«« . ICB Tex A Pac 15t5....U0»4
U H A, 6 A 2.1*. ..105 Tex & Pac 2ds fl *
If & Tex Cent 65...1C3*i lalr.n Par 4s 104
H A T C cons C^.-.llfi'j V\'ahash lsts 112* i
lowa Central 1ft5.. 119 (Vahash 2ds PS
X '■ P& O lsts.... CS West Shore 4s 112V£
U n'w eons «s 10$ Wls Central lets.. 91
f. A N unined 4b... SS Va Centuries S4H
MX * T 2ds fiß Va Inferred I
M X A: T 45 !«0V» Dol A Sou 4e 81
MINING STOCKS.
Chellar 20:Ontarlo ; 00
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 65
Con Cal & Va 1 30 Plymouth 0$
Deadwood 10 Quicksilver 1 M
Gould A Curry 20 I>o prefd 7 M
Hale A- Norcross... M Sierra Nevada 37 I
Homestake 65 <- Standard 2 00
Iron Silver M Union Con 33
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket Jo
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND 6.
Money— 'Colon Land .... 214
Call loans 6J?7;West End 92
rime loans &:J<i Wisconsin Cent.... IS
Slocks— (Dominion Coal ... 424
AT & S F 19H IK.m Coal prefd. .114
A T A S F prefd.. :.9\ I Bonds—
Am ajar . 128 Atchlson *r 97
Am PuKJir prefd... ll3*4 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 341 (Adventure 6V4
Boston * Albany.. 246 Allouez Mm? Co .. . 2\
IVjfton Elevate... 9"Vi Atlantic . 22
)'.<i«ti>n & Maine... M '■•'!!& Mnntana
C H& Q 12'%. IJutte A liocton ... 42 '
Ed Elec 111 2C5 jCalumet A Hecla..7lS
FitchburK prefd 116 .Centennial IS
General Electric. ..m«ii Franklin 13
Ben Elec prefd 137 jHumboldt 2
Federal Steel Wi'nsceola C 3
Fed Steel prefd 724iParrot 3S
Mexican Central... lOVQulney 13714
Mich Telephone ...111 iSanta re Copper... l»i
(»ld Colony Tamarack 170
Did Dominion 19 Winona 6
Hubber 41 |\Volverines 37
L'nlon Pacific ftah 29 |
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK. Dec. 28.— Money on call, steady.
at 41406 per cent: la*t loan. 5 per cent; prime
1 mercantile paper. C per cent. Sterling exchange
firm, with actual business In bankers' bills at
I $4 F7UG4 STI4 for demand and at $4 SI'.JM 81\j
! for sixty days: ported rates. 14 S2li and 14 SSH:
commercial bl'.ls. }4 K.»ifi4 So\: silver certifi
cates. sftH©W4c: bar silver. tS'ic; Mexican dol
lars, <; -.■ Government bonds, weak, State
bouds. tinner; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avall
f^o-?"^ balance. $2?«.0»3.720; gold reserve.
'. ■ • •
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 25.-The Commercl.l Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram fays:
Business In the markets here was of very small
proportions. Failures are still dreaded: one was
announced But .1 further rise In consols
<whlch touched SSH. '.hough closing at 99) and
arrival of gold caused a strong tone.
Americans opened rather weak on proflt
tak.n .ale. but the. receipt or higher prices
from New York caused a rise and the closine
was at the best. Baltimore and Ohio being o^
assssnssAs fnToV U rn^ caiiDgß ' how
• :nslgnlflcar.t In volume
\ . . ' Tlnto »- "»: Ana^on-
The bank bought £107.000 gold In bars and
there trrived from America £275 OX) and from
South Africa £10.000. Money was easy . Ellv«
was strong on Chinese demand
CLOSING.
I Canadian Pacific My*. Union Pacific pre
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL., FRIDAY. DECEMBER 29. 1899.
ferred. 75^4; Northern Pacific preferred. 74\;
At.-hlSon. 20; Grand Trunk. ST»; bar silver
quiet. 27 1-lfid per ounce.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec «.— FlX3tTß— Receipts.
17,474 barrels: exports. 17,661 barrels. Very slow
and If anything rather easier. Sharp conces
sions would have to be made to secure busi
ness, as buyers are Indifferent.
WHEAT— Receipts. 45.455; exports. 208,000.
I Spot market, steady; No. 2 red, 74*ic f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 7S*ic f. o. b.
afloat (prompt); No. 1 hard Duluth, SOHc f. o.
b. afloat spot; No. 2 red, 74Hc elevator. Op
tions—Opened easy at \»c decline, with local
Felling Inspired by bearish Argentine harvest
and crop news, disappointing cables and an ab
sence of outside support. The market held
weak and narrow ail day except for an after
noon rally on the talk of political complica
tions over South African affairs. Closed
; steady, "»©4c net decline. March. 74"%©75'»c.
closed 75«, c; May 74 9-lC®74»ic. closed 74V;
1 July, 74>V(f74\c, closed 744 c; December, closed
I 72»4c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures closed firm at a net rain
of 5 to 15 points higher. Sales, 15.400 bags. In
cluding: December, "$5 SO; January. $0 90©5 95:
February, tSiio 06: March, $6 10; May. Jo 15®
25; August. $6 30: September, $6 354;* 45; Octo
ber. 16 45. Spot Coffee— Rio, firmer; No. 7 In
vole*. tile; No. 7 Jobbing, 7Hc Mild— Firm;
I Cordova. B!gl2^c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, steady.
LJUTTER— Receipts. 1595 packages; stronger;
Western creamery. 22'f?2Sc.
EGGS— Receipts, C 574 packages; steady: West
ern ungraded at mark, ISO 20c; Western, £3c,
I loss off.
I'P.IKD FRUITS.
Kvaporated apptaa were quiet and unchanged.
The demand was moderate and country advloes
about a* . \:
STATK KVAP< (RATED A PPL.ES— Common,
prime, C\a7«-; choice . ., , fancy.
MA DRIED PRVXES— 3HSBc per
APRICOTS -Royal, ISMe; Moorpark. liftle.
PEACHES— PmI( . urpeeled. T%®loc
New York Metal Market.
NKW TORK. Pec. H -MRTALS- There was
an encournirlnE rhnnge In the condition In tin
In the local market and abroad, with buyers at
the close showing more Interest than In some
time. The other departments were virtually
unchanged, with buyers nnd sellers quite In
different. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PlGlßON— Warrant- d-j'.l.
LAKE COPPER— l.:. changed at $16 to.
TIN Higher, with $25 bid and $25 60 asked.
liRAP Unchanged. The brokers' price for
lead is $4 45 and for copper $16 50.
SPELTER— Unchanged at $4 Es@4 65.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2S.— Wheat weakened over
night, opening Me to He under yesterday's
close, at Ctoi^W^c. In the face of the advance
here the previous session at Liverpool showed
a loss. The flour business was reported any
thing but satisfactory, and such crop news as
was favorable was not enough the other way to
buoy up the bull position. The pit was dull
and llftless throughout, the price clinging
around pat figures, a condition which naturally
encouraged some buying. This, with a little
covering by shorts, saved the market from fur
ther lose, even adding a shade to initial figures
toward the end of the season. May closing :»c: »c
to Uc lower, at 63-Vc.
Corn was rather eteady, especially for May,
this option closing with pome appearance of
firmness. May closed a shade up. at 32 i#32%e.
Oats were lifeless. Prices slipped oft a trifle
but recovervd. May closed a shade up, at 23 sl ,
©23\c.
Provisions were steady, though duller than
yesterday. Small receipts and better prices at
the yards strengthened the market. May pork
closed unchanged. May lard .'<■ up, and May
ribs r»jc up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 60*, 6SH 85% S3H
May CSS «»H *% *%
July 69»i C3y* 634 69%
Corn No. —
December MH SOW 304 SOU
January So\» 30»J 304 son
May 32%. Eft 32% 32".
, Oats No. 2—
December 22 21 :i , 22
May 23S 24 234 23 ;
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 10 224 10 224 10 174 10 174
I Mir 10 674 10 674 1047., 10 474
I Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 665 5 «74 I 624 C 65
May 5 85 6 86 6 80 5 824
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January D 35 6 374 6 324 835
; May 555 C 574 6 624 655
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 Spring Wheat, 60®6S4c; No 2
Red. C74®6S»«c; No. 2 Com. 30^<ff31c: No. 2
Oats. 224 c; No. 2 White, 23fi26c: No. 3 White,
24«r24\c; No. 2 Kye. t24c; No. 2 Barley. 3Sff43c;
No. 1. Flax Seed. $1494: Prime Timothy Seed.
1 }2 35: Mess Pork, per bbl. J8 R m 25; Lard, per
i 300 lbs. *5 30^5 R24: Short-rib Sides (loose).
j ?: . n 45: Pry Salted Shoulders (boxed). V%><9
I SHe; Short Clear Sides . (boxed), (5 60®5 60;
Whisky, distillers' finished poods, per gal,
11234; Sugars, Cut Loaf, 6.70 c; Granulated,
6.lSc.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 69.000 25/00
Wheat, bushels 80.000 7.000
Corn, bushels 676.000 49.000
Oats, bushels 699.000 152.000
Rye. bulhels 17.C00 8.000
j Barley, bushels 116.000 26.000
| On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
! mnrket was steady. Creamery. 16jJ26c; dairy.
16ft22e. . Cheese, firm; 12@12»ic Eggs, firm,
I fresh, 174 c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May
I Openlnß I li», c in;
Clcstng 6 10% 6 10-,
PARIS.
Wheat— Dsc. Mar -June.
Opening J8 90 19 M)
1 CloslnK 18 SS 19 40
Flour-
Opening 24 «0 25 50
Closing 24 60 25 40
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Pec. 28.— CATTLE— Native steers
generally active and steady; Inferior kinds
Flow; T<-xans firmer and active; cows and can
1 ners strong; stockers and feeders steady; good
to choice. $5 :5{?5 CO; poor to medium. $4{?5 20:
j mixed atOCken, $303 SO; selected feeders. (4 25(«
4 75; good to choice cows. J3 26£ 4 50; helfors $3
164 8S; canncrn. $283; bulls. 12 1004 M; calves,
}4©7 25: fed Texas beeves, ', lijjo 20.
HOGS— Active, r. to 10c higher. Top, $4 40
closed strong. Good clearance. Mixed and
butchers. $405«?4 40; good to choice heavy. |4 20
©4 40; rough heavy. J4 05(84 17«4; light, »4«4 32 V
bulk of nates. $4 1/4 30.
SHEEP— Good to choice sheep and lambs
steady. Common and medium grades weak to
10c lower. Native .wethers, $4 3004 75; lambs, $4
60: Western wethers. {4 2i&4 75; Western
, lambs. 15 40575 80.
Jtecelpts— Cattle, 14,000; bogs, 28,000; sheep
16,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTL'ATJD. Dec. 28.— Clearings. $273,191; bal
ances, $48.7?0.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Pec. 2S.— Very few Wheat sales
: were reported to-day, and quotations were un
' changed, with No. 1 Walla Walla In some de
mand at L2c, and perhaps a shade higher for
heavy stacks. Valley Is easy at 61@i2c; Blue
Stem sells as hlrh as - Me
Foreign Wheat shipments from Portland for
' the week ending to-day were 417.402 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
' TACOMA. Dec. 28.— WHEAT— Club. Me; Blue
Stem. Me. ;__'.„, :
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 28.— Consols, SS?i; silver. 27
l-16d: French rentes, 99f 'Vie; wheat cargoes oft
coast, buyers and sellers apart cargoes on
passage, firm but not active; English country
markets, firm: Import of wheat Into United
Kingdom 254.000 qrs; do flour 278.000.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 23.— Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, dull; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 7 16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; March. 5s
10? t d; May. as lOSd.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 82'< i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 U%
Sterling Cables — 4 Wm
New York Exchange, eight — l- 1 --
New York Exchange, telegraphic — I*
Fine Silver, per ounce — • > *
Mexican Dollars — *SVj
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— were off again, under a
light business.
The Eastern and foreign markets were dull
and featureless. Liverpool declined. Chicago
reported a email business.
Hpot Wheat— Shipping. 97V-©9S»ic: milling, $1
01 01%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$I .V 4000, '■.■''■,; 20.000, $105.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 04* i.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2uoo ctls,
$1 09%.
Afternoon Session— May— ctls, $101%.
BARLEY— Tameness continues to character
ize this market, and quotations show no
change.
Feed. 70@724c for No. 1 and 60@67%c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, M@S74c;
Chevalier, nominal. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sale*.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No vales.
OATS— Continuous receipts from the north do
not seem to depress the market, though It
Is very quiet.
White. $110^130; Red, $10743120; Gray.
$1 074411 174: Black. 074C?5l 074-
CORN— DuII and lower. Eastern White is
quoted at ?1 par ctl and Eastern Yellow at
$1 051 074; mixed. 974c<tf $1 02.
RYE— iICZI 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 90®2 15 per cU.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 Co®3 73,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®S 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40£3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25®3 40 for bakers" and $2 2503 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. »2 75; Rye
Meal, J2 DO; Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal. 12 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 SHi3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $464 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $G<@7 25; In sacks. $5 75®7;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 £.0 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Borne dealers look fcr a better trade In Hay
after th« turn of the year, but none of them
expect any Improvement In prices. Bran con
tinues dull.
BRAN— SI 2 .r.n47i3. r .n 4 7i3 It per ton.
Mint 'l.! $17020 per ton.
FEEPBTUFFS Rolled Barley. $16 50317 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2* r vi27: Job- i
bing. $27 GOG2B; Cocoanut Cake, $20^21; Corn- |
meal. $23 6fiiJj2J 50; Cracked Corn. $24'u?5; Mixed
Feed, IK f."-M7. Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY — Wheat. $7 tOfaS DO for common to good I
and JPG9 50 f6r choice; U - heat and Oat, $7J»3:
Oat. $6 50ii8; Barley. $;<"-6 60- Alfalfa, }: .. per
ton; Compressed, $7^lo per ton.
STRAW— 3S*CSOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
BEANS— Rayon, $3 MM 10: small White, $; 90 '
©3; large White. 12 40tf2 60; Pinks. $2 65f2 75;
Reds. J3 Kg 3 SO; Blackeye. $4 5054 71; Butters,
nominal: Lima. $4 90&5; Pea, $033 25; Red Kld
ners, J3 CO xht ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3@34c; Yellow i
Mustard. it'iV.ic; Flax J2 124; Canary, 34c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, |
75jSc; Rape, - |3c; Hemp, 4jb44c; Timothy, ;
4{j 44c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 COgl 90; Green. $1 73
©2 25 per ctl.
i Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables. \
Changes under thin head are few. The mar
ket Is quiet and Weil supplied with the sea
sonal kinds.
POTATOES— EarIy Ucle. 90395 c; River Reds.
j SO® 7oc; Burbanks, (0918 a t>er sack: Salinas
Borbanks, Jl^l 25: Oregon Burbanks. 40c-3fl 10;
Sweet Potatoes. 51 25<jl 50 for Merced.
ONIONS— S".c«m SO per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. <B6c per ib:
String Beans, 4i:e; Cabbage. 40<iC0o; Los An
geles Tomat.ies, 73c{?$l 25; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 124-&15 c; Dried Okra, 124 c per lb;
Garlic, s®C4c;Green Peppers from Los Angeles.
80'4c; Dried P ;;■ rs, B^l c; 1 !arrotj Soff4oc per
f>ack; Los Anpeles Summer Squash. Jl©l 25 per
I box; Marrowfat Squash, ns#M per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Live Poultry Is stiff, as the market Is en
tirely clean- up of. both local and Eastern
stock, and prices for most kinds are higher.
Arrival of 245 cases of Eastern dressed Tur
keys.
Game continues to bring good prices under
moderate receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15@17c for Gob
blers and 18917G for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 17
•He; Geese, per pair. II 75fj;; GosllnKi, |1 75
fc-2: Ducks. 51 > ■■■ JO for old and $4 50© f> M for
youn*; H*ns, H:i.".; Young Roosters. fills 60;
Old Roosters. $4ii'4 £0; Fryers. $4 50-36- Hroll
ers, 14 'J*\i:> for large and $3 50t?4 for email;
Pigeons, 51 per dozen for old and and $. &O{J3
for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 603Z; Mallard. $3 V>'m W
Canvaeback. $3J?5; Sprit. $3: Teal. $: Gotf3;
Wldpeon. J2; Small Duck. $1 50: Doves, 75c
per dozen; Hare. Jl 2S'r?l CO; Rabbits. %\ 7.v ( iL';
Gray Geese, J4. Whit*. $1 SCNBI 75; Hrant. $1 73
©3; Honkers, $5: Enßllsh Snipe, |2 ioy2 per
dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 ;.O.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
While qaotatlons for fancy creamery did not
; advance yesterday, there was no fine Butter
i on the market, but when the steamer arrives
with a fresh supply to-day dealers will try
to obtain Me. There Is no further change In
Cheese and Eggs.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 25c; seconds, tZQ
Tic.
Dairy— Fancy. :2922%c; good to choice, 17^40
, 20c; rommon. Ufa 16c.
Eastern— l7SlSO for ladle packed.
CHEKSE— Choice mild new, I2®l2^c; old,
11 Vie: Young America. 12Vaf{13c; Eastern, I.', 1-.
16 c: Western. 13Vi<it"15c per II).
EGGS-<Juoted at 251i27Hc for store and Z2\i r <i
35c p< • dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
tiff, 18$19o for firsts and lie for seconds,
irein, >2^j"oc ___^__^
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All kinds remain as previously quoted.
Stocks are ample for all needs.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s©Csc per box for common, Ticftjl
for Rood, {1 20'a'l to tor choice.
BERRIES— Capo Cod Cranberries. $4 50@7 00;
Coos llay Cranberries, {1 50 per box.
pen Imm ■ - 2O'[i2se per box.
Winter l'cars, nominal. •
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 60^2 per
box: Seedlings, »'.:cu sl 25: Japanese Manda
rins. HSO6I6S; Pol ■■: m, Ji'u3; mons, ji^
1 CO for common and 1391 for good to choice;
Mtxlc-an Limes. $4 -i 4i 4 50; California Limes. :'5iJ,
ro.--. Itananas, II :.iqi per bunch; I'lneapples
. $3 i.cs»4 per doses.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 414 c for
40-50's. V u i\ic for 50-CO's. 3>4c for 60-70' 8. 3V;c
for 70-SO's. 3c for 80-90*8 and 2\r for 90-100's
Apricots, lie : ::.• lor Royal*. 12^:yi6c for Moor
parks and iL"(iu^ for Blenheims; Teaches, bdf
£Vie for Standards, CTit'-.-c for > .ice and 7c lor
fancy; peeled Peaches, i;'.yir.<-. Evaporated
Apples, "S"»4c: Sun-dried, &7js>£c per Ib; Nec
tarine, &>/3^9c per Hi lor red; Pears. eViCfSc for
quarters and S'aiiK; for halves; Black Figs, 3ffr
3V4c; White Pig . «.,... Bleached Plums. gflS.-;
Unbleached Plums, 7'u7 l for pitted and 1...-
for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. lie . choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime, Cc; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per Ib, s'-.c, choice. TVsc; standard 6>-c
prime, So; unbleached Sultanas. re; Seedless.
tO-Ib boxes, ie; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6V4c*
3-crown. 6V»c; 4-crown. 7c; I<ondon Layers.
2-crown. $1 .''i per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Denies, {2 50: Imperial. W. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NITS — Chestnuts. fifrlOc; Walnuts. g»9c
for rtar.dards and 9f?loc for softshell; ■ Al
monds. IMjQIZ? for paper-shell, ?©loc for soft
anu 4© 5c for bard shell: Peanuts, E%M%e for
EaFtern and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts
7«4@Sc: Filberts. 12^12^c; Pecans. ll®l3c '
C<>coannt!«. $4 D>)(JjC.
HONEY— Comb. 11%^12c for bright and \OV,n
lie for llKht amber; water white extracted 7..
iltc: llsht amber extracted. 6*i®7c; dark, *5Uc
per lb.
UEESWAX— 24O26c per lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothinc new to rer">rt In this mar
ket.
< (RED MEATS — Bacon. : v.c per lb for
heavy. <•■ for light medium, 10V4 for light.
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured-
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12©l?u.c; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef, tit per bbl; extra
Mess. $13; Family,- Jl4: extra Prime Pork $14 50,
extra clear, $17 Do; Mess. JIG 50; smoked Beef.
14Q14%0 per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6^4c per lb for
compound and "4c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
Sc: ln-ii) tins. SVte: f,-lh tins, &%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7H^VSo per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 12c; medium, lie; light. 10' Ac; Cowhides.
lie; Stags, 7'^c: Salted Kip. 10',tc: Calf, lie;
Dry Hide?, sound, IWCWc: culls and brands,
Jsc; Dry Kip and Wai. l.'c; Dry Calf. 20c;
Sh^cpfklns, yearlings, 20ift35c each; short Wool,
35ifcGOc each; medium. "OiQOOc: long Wool, Sift
1 25 each; Horsa Hides, talt. $2 2592 "5 for large
and Jl for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb: No. 2.
4c: refined, 6^c; grease. 2',c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. Pan Joaquln plains, O^lOo; South
ern. 10c: Middle County. llsMc; Humboldt
and Mendocino. leflVc; Eastern Oregon. 12?n5c;
Valley Oregon. lT.il v c; Northern Mountain,
free. UOl4ei Northern Mountain, defective, 10
@llc per lb.
HOPS— per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7©7Hc per lb for Steers and 6H@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— B?IOc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wether*. 7®7%c. ewes, 6%£7 c per
lb.
LAMB— per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6\c for small. 6Ho for
medium an 1 sftsy 4 e for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. &W«bs4c; dresM-d Hosts. 7@B'/4C.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7©7Uc; Wool
Bass. 28@30c.
COAL— Wellington. S3 per ton: New Wel
lington. $S: Southfield Wellington. $7 50: Seattle.
$7: Bryant. $7: Coos nay. $5 50: Wallsend. $3:
Co-operative Wallsend. $8; Scotch. ; Cum
berland, 110 In bulk and $11 50 In eacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Ess. $13: Cannel. $3 50 per
ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote* terms net caiih. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6%c:
Powdered. s*4c; Candy Granulated. sc: Dry
Granulated. *%c: Confectioners' A. 4 »c: Cali
fornia A. : Magnolia A. 4Hc: Extra C, We;
Golden C. 4VJc; barrels, l-16c more; half-bar
rels. Uc more: boxes. Uc more: r.O-lb bags.
Vie more. No order taken for less than 73 bar
rels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels,
EHc; boxes, 6%c per lb.
Receipts of Produce. '
FOR THURSDAY. DECKMP.ER 23.
Flour, qr »ks Wine, gals 41,600
Wheat, ctla 6.73o! leather, rolls 171
Barley, ctls Hides. No 768
Oats, otls 290 Pelts, bndls 4.SS.-
Rye. rtls 360 lAme bbis 152
Butter, ctls 223iEtjgs, doz 8.550
Cheese, ctls ISO' Hay. tons 220
Tallow, ctls 216 Bran, sks M
Quicksilver, flsks 126:Onion>!. sks 10
Sugar, bbls 30 Potatoes, sks ... 240
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 14.671 lv>tatoes. sks 6 «I 3
Oats, ctls 450 Ontor.s. eks 609
WAKHINCTON.
Wheat, ctls 2.400 Oats, ctls 7,090
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was considerable variation In securities ',
1 on the morning session, though there was no
i central movement either way. Paauhuu was
: higher at $29 CO, Onomea at $23 and Contra
Costa Water at $74 ■■ 7". Ilutchlnson was I
I flrm<T at 127 CO and Makawell weaker at Ml 7:.<f?
41 374. Oas & Electric declined to $51 75 and
Giant Powder to $94.
In the afternoon Spring Valley Water de
clined to } •:; 124 an.l liana to ii IX* . Contra
Cohta WatPr advanced to $7G 25.
On the Producers" Oil Exchange National
Oil advanced from $6 12' i to $7.
The French Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend of 3.60 per cent on term
and 3 per cent per annum on ordinary de
posits, payable on the M of January-
The San Kranclsco Gas and Electric Com
pany will pay a dividend of 42 cents per share
I on the 2d.
Th<» Oceanic Steamship Company will pay a
1 dividend of SO cents p»r share January 2.
The Yellow Aster Mining Company la now
paying a dividend of $20,000.
The Mutual Electric Company has declared
! a dividend of 8 cents per share, payable Janu
i ary i.
The Giant Con. Powder Company has de
clared a dividend of CO cents per share, pay
able on the th of January.
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Dec. 23— 3 p. m.
Bld.Aek. 1 Hid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Cent L* J.,,, - «
4a Quar coup.. — — Equit GL. Co. 44 E'i.
4s ijuar reg... — — Mutual El Co. It 14 •»
4s quar new... — — r> <; I. & H. . .. 424 _
3s quar c0up..109V4 — Pac Gas Imp.. — 49
Miscellaneous— Pac Light Co. -- 41
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117% — SF G & ]■: 51% —
C c Wat 65...105%1034iKan Francisco. 3% —
U L,v I" »n..i30 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 115 — Insurance—
Geary-st R ss. — >5 Flrrm's Fund. — 230
HC& rt ■ '-* 112 — Hank Stocks—
II C&• S >....1O« — . Anclo-ral Ltd •"' -
L A Ry 1a.... — 1044 Bank of Ca1...400 405
L A LCo la.. M — rai s I) 4 T.. — —
do gntd 65... 99 — First Nat10n1..230 —
do gntd 65... — 103 Len VSi A... 131 1324 I
L. A& V R 6s. - 1024 Merchants- El - 1.
Market-st la.. — 130 Nev Nat Rk .. — 190
do Ist m 55..11« 116 7 » Savings Banks..
NCNC, It 75.1124 — Cor S&L .. 1750 —
NR of Cal C 5.115 — Him 8 & L...100U 1150
NR of Cal ss. — — Mut Sv Rk... 3» 45
N PC R R tie. — 102 S V Sax- U.... 600 —
N P C R R 65.107% — |Say & L 50.... — 80
N CR X 5c... 109 — Sec Say 8k... — 310
OOIi * II 58.107% — Union T C 0. ..1400 1440
Oak Tran 65... — — Street Railroads-
Oak V Co 65. .10$ 113 California — 122
Ocean 8 S 65..107Ti — Geary-at 50 —
0111 <• Ry 6«... — 1264 Market-st Ry. 60 —
V&CI Ry 65.. — ICSIi O 8 L. & H.... — M
Pk &O Ry 65. 115 — Presidio 1:, 23
i Powell R Is — 122 Ponder Stocks—
Sac El « &Uss — — California ....160 175
6V 6 N P to.U4« - X Dynnniite ... (>5 —
B V&■ BJV Bs.IUH — Giant Con Co.. 31 94Vi
SRy of Cat 65.105V4 — Vlccrlt J', 3%
B P of A 69....113H — Hugar
s i- C le<lM6) 1M — [Hana P C 0.... SU _
S PC C5(19C6).11l — Haw C&8Co 88 BSU
sP C 65(1912). — — Honokna 8 Co. 3U; 31% •
BPCIs eg ss. — — Hutch 81' Co. 27',j TS
!s P lir £s — 124 Kilauea 8 Co.. 20 r:u
,s v Wat *■ ...lUH - Makawell BCo 44 44%
B V Wat 45....102%103ii Onomra S Co.. 2< SO
8 V W4s)3dm).lol — Paau SCo 20"-4 "^%
Stcktn Gns 6s. — — I Ml-oellaneou?—
Water Stocks— jj A j Pack Assn.ll6% —
Contra Costa.. .6 — M,. r Xx Assn.. - .on
Martn County. M — : Oceanic S Co.. 944 55
Spring Valley. 53% !>r. : . p ac a F A.... 1H 2 ' t
Gas & trie— p ac c Bor C 0. .143 —
Cent Gas C 0...— — li- ar Paint Co.. \i\i —
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Contra Costa Water 74 23
20 Contra st.i Water 75 00
20 Giant Powder Con 04 00
60 11 nokaa 31 so
30 Hutehlnson B P Co 27 .V)
10 tkawell 44 75
frt kawell 41 37' i i
200 Market-street Railway 6-) 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co S4 50
tO flnomca Sugar Co 23 00
ISO Paauhau si Co *» 50
100 s F <;»- & Electric Co 52 00
?0 S F Gns & Electric Co 51 75
$2,000 Oceanic S S bonds ;10S 00
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 113 00
$10,000 S F & 3 J V Bonds 113 00
Street—
$3,000 S F & N P By Bonds 115 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
£0 Contra Costa Water 76 CO
10."> Contra Costa Water 76 25
25 Giant Powder Con 34 33
liana Plantation Co r so
&-'. liana Plantation Co - 371j
70 Hitna Plantation Co B*3
STO Hana Plantation Co 8 12^4
BS Hawaiian Com & Suitar gs (V)
20 H.iv.-ai'.nn Con Jt Sugar, b 30 f>% 2*>
40 Honokaa B Co 31 ,y>
13 Mut<-hln«..n R P Co 37 50
20 Market-street Railway 60 00
275 Paauhau S P Co 23 50
15 S F Gas & Electric Co M S7'4
100 Spring Valley Water 93 ill"
; 20 Spring Valley Water 93 25*
15,000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 101 CO
J5.000 Oceanic Strnni=hlp Bonds 10s 00
11.000 S F & S J V Binds.... 114 7.
$5,000 8 P of A Bonds 113 23
Street—
15 Pacific Lighting 4000
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD*
Morning Session.
Board—
150 Equitable Gas 00
40 Hawaiian Com & Sugar ' $g 00
100 Paauhau Sucar Co •>$ 371/
35 S F Gas & Electric s*oo
ISO Vieorlt Powder 3 ••
12.000 Mark' • Rv r,s W CQ
Afternoon Session.
BoarA—
100 Equitable Oas ;W; W
100 Equitable Gas " {•>  ..
15 Giant Powder " 94 ?n *
r.O Honokaa Sugar Co .....: jj •>-,
\h Oceanic Steamship Co 94 :M: M
RB 7 Gas 1 Electric Co '. . \,t M
40 S F Gas & Electric Co « s-t/s -t/
v S F Gas * Electric Co  51 -j*
30 Spring Valley Water ..'.!i>4 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
I Blue Goose 35 M
800 m In Inn i-
ICO minion ]\\'/ 4!)
R0 National " X ,
150 National .*' fi fa*
100 San Luis [ 6 M
Afternoon Session.
Board—
I 200 Dominion |
tOQ Dominion • **
300 Home Oil | *J
40 Home Oil I *>
1M National 122,.
60 National « 87',
20 Blue Goose » og
• CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
! K0 Tidal Wave 2 1"
273 Barker Ranch 1 »•»
300 Century Oil Co 1 lj
300 Century OH Co * 20
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 *»
Street—
100 Anaconda Oil Co *-° ;
Afternoon Session.
200 Tlda? r( Wave I 05
W0 Tidal Wave I «
200 Anaconda OH Co i ■••'
100 Yukon Crude Oil Co 170
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Pan Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
3CO Andes 11 500 Overman 10
2iO Con fa! & Va .1 40 [ 100 Sierra Nevada. 41
100 Gould & Curry 24 1 IN St Louis 06
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 14 300 Gould & Curry 25
200 Best & Belcher 57 1 200 Union Con .... 28
200 Con Cal & Va..l 4.". 1
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher M 200 Ophlr ••
1150 Con Cal A Va..l 40 MO Potosl 22
100 Confidence • -. 230 Sierra Nevada. 41
£.00 Occidental 11 200 Sierra Nevada. 42
830 Ophlr S3' 100 Union Con 27
Afternoon Session.
300 Best St Belcher 27 1 Ml toil 22
800 Chollar 21 200 Potosl 23
COO ■•liar 20 300 Sierra Nevada. 42
100 Con Col & Va..l 43 200 Yellow Jacket. 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAT, Dec. 28—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Kentuck — W
Alta -04 06 Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 11 12 Mexican 29 II
Relcher 14 15'Occldental 11 12
Best & Belcher 28 29 Ophlr 71 72
Hulllon 03 04 Overman 10 %12
Caledonia 49 61 Potosl 22 23
Chollar 21 8 Bavac* W 10
Challenge Con.. 11 12 Scorpion 02 — i
Confidence — 70 Beg Belcher.... 03 04 '
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 M Sierra Nevada. 42 44
Con Imperial... — 01i Silver HIM — 07 .
Con New York. — 01 «?t Louis — 07
Crown Point.... 13 14 Standard —2 40
Exchequer 01 '• Syndicate — 03
Gould & Curry 25 26 Union Con 27 2*
Hale & Nore... 35 371 Utah 04 05
1 Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 24 25
Justice 04 (X
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of H'.kli and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the rame at both places.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 23.
Sun rises 7:2 i
Bon sets 4:59
Mim II rises 4:22 a. in.
I. \V II \\ L. W
II «
■w 1
ii X-
Tlm». Time; ITlme;
Ft.—
Tim.
Ft.
_ I
» ...
0 ...
1 ...
l ...
2 ...
3 ...
4 ...
1:26 3.0 8:01 5.9 3:25-
2:31 3.1 8:43' 1.1 4:10-
3:29 3.2 9:2S 8.2 4:12-
H W L. W II W
0:06 4.g 4:31 3.2 10:23
0:45 4.9 6:22 2.9 11:13
1:23 5.0 6:16 2.8 12:10
2:01 6.2! 7:13 2.6 1:07
-0.4 10:41
— O.S 11:30
i-xi
L If
6.0 6:27-
6.0 6:03-
5.81 6:W-
6.4! 7:33-
4.3
-t.O
-O.J
-0.1
XOTF- In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
recond time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
la*t tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given arc In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference In the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Dae.
Ctaa. Kelson... HumbnMt Dec. S3
Alcoa China and Japan Dec. 13
Orizaba Humboldt Dec. 29
Garlic ("him. and Japan... Dec. Ti
Curacao Mexico Dec. 29
San Pedro Humboldt Dec. 29
Santa Hofa San Diego Dec. 30
Acapulco Panama Dec. SO
Mackinaw Seattle Dec. 3.1
Samoa ■ natal Dec. 30
Empire [Cow Hay Dec. 30
Albion Tlllamook Dec. 30
Aroata Coos Bay Dec. JO
Alliance Oregon Ports Dec 30
A. Blanchard...!Coos Bay Dec. 30
State of Cal tportland Dec. 31
E. Thompson... Seattle Dec. 31
Bristol Departure Bay Dec. 31
Mitteawan Tacoma Dec. 31
Aloha |Crescent City Jan. 1
Coog Bay Newport Jan. 1
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan. 1
Czarina Seattle Jan. 1
Aberdeen |Purtland Jan. 1
Jfan'.e Seattle Jan. ]
Cbquilla K'ver.. Grays Harbor Jan. I
Australia Honolulu Jan. 2
Walla Wa11a... ! Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 2
North Fork . Humboldt 'Jan. ' 2
South Portland. Departure Bay lan. :
NrwburK Grays Harbor [Jan. 2
Homer (Portland Jan. 2
Ccrona San Dlcro Jan. 3
Point Arena — Point Arena Jan. 4
Columbia .... Portland Jan. I
Bonlta Newport Ijan. 5
From.
I Dut
TO SAIL.
Steamer. 1 Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Dec. ;». 10 am Pl~r 24
Brunswick IHumboldt Dec. 23, lOamiPlerl)
Ilonlta Newport Dec. "0. Sum IVrli
l't. Arena.. Point Arena.. ; l>ee. 30, 2 pmiPler 2
Orizaba Humboldt i D«-c. 30, 2pm|Pier 9
A. Hlanch'diCoos Hay I>ec. 30. spm Pier 13
Arcata |Coos Hay . Dec. 31, 4 pm|Pler 13
Queen I Vie & Vgt S<l. Jan. 1. 10 am Pier 9
Santa Homi San Dleijo Jan. 1. 11 am|Pier 11
Samoa . . llumboMt !Jan. 2, l > am I'l'-r \i
I'ocß H.iy... Newport IJan. 3. 0 am ; Pier ii
Alcha . Crescent City. Jan. 3. 3pm|Pier 2
State of Cml Portland '.lan. 3, 10 am ' Pier I«
Homer Portland Jan. 4 1
Aberdeen .. Portland 'Jan. 4
Corona San I)le(?o Jan. 6. 11 in: Pier 11
North Fork. I Humboldt .... 'Jan. 6, am Pier 2
Coaullle Orayi llarbor'Jan. i .
Nvwliurß ..(Grays Harbor' Jan. I |
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Thursday. December 2S.
Rimr Gipsy. Inland. 24 hours from Monterey.
Stmr B< rut a. NlcoltOD, 76 hours frum New
port (S). etc.
St^r Curacao. Yon Helms, 11 days from
Gunyma.«. »-tc, via San Pedro 30*4 hours.
I Stmr Point Arena, llansen. li hours from
; l|< loclno. - .. '
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, IS hours from Fort
Brass.
, Stmr Queen. Jensen. M hours from Victoria
I and Paid Sound ports.
Mmr Tillaniuok, Anflndsen. IS hours from
Albion.
Stmr Ruth. Lundquist, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Progreso, Zollln^. SJ hours from Ta
cctna.
Dr • r.r Tartar. Pybus. 23 days from Manila,
via Nicasakl ISU dayi>.
Fr bark Noemi. lieaurettard. S2 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
CLEARED.
Thursday. December JS.
Ftnir Peru, Irvine, Panama, etc; Pacific Mall
B 8 Co.
S.-iir North Fork, Hitch, Eureka; Chaa Nel
son.
Sunr Corona, Dcbney. San Dleiro; Goodall
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia. Poran. Astoria; fJIU N Co.
Nor ftmr ToUu^. Pederi-en. Nanalmo: ii
Dtinsmulr'n SonH Co.
Sclir Vlkinjc. I'etprscn. Hana; " S Crlnbaum.
SAILED.
•..., . Thursday. December iS.
Rtmr Willamette. llansen. Scuttle
Stmr CWor.e. tllgKlr^. Caspar.
Btmr Scotia. Jacobs, Albion.
Stmr Lacuna. lCrlcnon. Usal.
Stmr Marlposa. Houdlette. Honolulu and
Sydney.
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Dle^o.
Btmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Htmr Santa Cruz. Nopander. .
Stmr Ruth. Iqnlst, — .
Btmi Greenwood. Faßerlund. Greenwood
Stmr Peru, Irvine. Panama, etc.
Nor ftmr TellU Pedersen. Nanalmo
Uric Lurltne. Turloff. Kahulul.
Schr Charles Hanson. Dannvevlß. Mazatlan
Bchr Beulnh. .Mitchell. Wlllapa Harbor
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowpns Landing.
Bchr La Qlronde. !lan.-i-n, Grays Harbor
Schr Alcalde. Johnson. . •■,. . *„
TKLBORAPHXG
POINT LOBOS. Dtc M. M p m-Weath#r
hazy; wind NE. velocity 16 miles. """er
AUCTION SALES
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
mh* ga& flsa^ &*
MUST BE SOLD.
AUCTION SALE
! THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF T.IL Va»
NX - BOARDINO STABLEL
510 VAN NESS AYE.
JAM: THOMPSON. Prcprletof.
Comprlslr.R well brt»kfrj business. ro»d i-j
track hori>Hs; also t»usKies. eartl and UQpca,
robes. harn«-.*s. whips and a hno anOTtcV&l .:
racing boots, etc.
To be sold on premises at 11 a, m. en
TUEbD.iY. JA>NUARV 2. I90V).
CHASE * MKNDENILVLI.,
1722 Market at. Livestock Auctlone.-m.
SPOKEN.
Per nr »tmr Tartar— Dec 23. SCO miles W cl
Saa Francisco, a I'r bark, stearin* E.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
TOINT REYES— Pasted Dec 3— Stmr Mlaa
! o!a. from Nanalmo, for I'ort Los Angelas.
1' »II GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 2»— Schr Vt II
I Talbot. from Port Ludiow. Sailed I>«c IS— Schr
Oceania Vance, for ban Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 23— Schr Barbara
Hernster. hence Dec 27. _
POKT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 23— Br strnr
City of Ivindon. for Hongkong.
SEATTIJC— Arrtvcd I*c 2s— Br sala Stror.s*.
from Port Townsend; itmr A.-Kt. from Bkaf
uay
PORT LUDLOW-Sailed Dec 23— Scnr W II
Talbot. for Pert Plrle.
GRAYS HAUBOK— Arrived Dec 24— 8chr F.:
con. hence Dec 15. •
Sailed Dec 27— richr Webfoot. for San Fran-
Cisco.
:ON: ON- Arrived Dec 23— Soar Scotia. hene«
Dec 27.
I .-A L— Arrived Dec a— Stmr Navarre. heaca
Dcs 27.
CASPAR— Arrived Dec IS— Stmr Cleoae, hr.o
■
EuYtEKA— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Charles N«l
ton for San Francisco; »chr Serena Thayer.
for San Pedro: «chr Alice, for San Pedro; ilmr
San Pedro, for San Francisco; nmr Orizaba,
for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 38— Stmr Geo W
Elder, hence Dec 24. „
Halle-: Dec 2*— Nor itmr Tnyra, for Ban D'e»o;
st.-nr Signal, for San Francisco.
COOS HAY— Sailed Dec 2J— Stmr Homer, for
Astoria; itrar Alliance, for San :-*ranct»co, via
Eureka: itmr Arcata. for San Francisco.
TII-UMWK- Sailed I*« Stmr Albion,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Deo 27-BUnr Flaane*.
from Colon.
Sailed Dec 27— Ship Luzon, for Honolulu. Deo
27— Stmr Advance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KAHULUl— Arrived Dec C— Brie Oenev*.
from Taconu. Dec 7-Scbr Fred E Baader.
from Tacoma.
HONOL.I I.l'— Arrived l>e ft— Haw bark Dia
mond Head, hence Nov 14; baric Martha Davis.
honce Nov 14. Dec I<V- Haw «hlp Fort Geor*e.
h*-nr<? Nov 14; srhr Esther Buhne hear* Nor
15. Dec 11— Ship Centennial, hence Nov 17: bar*
| Coryrnene, from Nnnalmo. Dec 11— U S »tmr
Pathfinder, hence Nov 22. Doc 13— L* S stmr
Sherman, hence Nov Mi Hr bark Oulf Stream.
from Newcastle. Aus. r>oc 14— Haw th . Star
of France, from Newcastle. Aus; Hr stmr Car
llrle City, from San D!c»cr>. i* c IS— Stmr Cen
tennial, h»nr* Deo (; bktn Irmitard. hence Nor
i 9. IVc 17— Uric W O Irwtn. h*m-o Nov 20.
In port Dec IS- Schr Ethel Zane. from Port
lAl'llow.
Sailed Dec 16— Br tarlc Dominion, for Purrt
Pound: U S stmr Warren, for Manila. Dec 14—
r d »•■ f,-<r Manila, lir itmr Car
lisle City, for HonirkonK.
To sail Dec IJ— Br stmr BWmfontetn. for
Seattle; bktn Amelia, for Port Blakelrr.
Continued on Pnpe 13.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j^^ Steamer* Uar« Broadway
V-J-m wharf, tin Francisco:
IHSBI^ V' c Alaskan port*, 13 a. r*. .
flffSOgifjfc Dec. 17. 23. :T, Jan. 1. enact*
IS^UCwH '■'• company"* a'.iNunara at
tS^^Jys^Ai *Fcr Victor!.-.. Vweoowf
f 'Haß&'^Si <B. C.I. Fort Towr.;«r..:. Se-
»•••- Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcorn
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. I>*c. IT.
«. T Jan. t »«d c»*ry fl.'th day ther«fter;
; Rr.^alR r .^a1 Vancouver to 0. P. Railway.
ikr lor.ka (Humboldt Bay). J P. a.. D*o a
SO 58 X T Jan i. ml erery rffth.d«y ther.aft--.
XTor Ean*a Crua. Mor.t«rcy. Ban" Simeon. C»r»-
oca. Port 1!
minta Barbara. Vtr.tura. Hu«i*ro». Han Pedro
R«t Bin Pedro (Lo» Ar.g«lc9» and Newport. •
iTrn.. Dec 14. IS. 12. M. 20. Jan. «. and .v.r/
f Wl& y «saS'&ln. cn,y at Port lUr-
! ford (Fan Luis Oblcpo). B*nta JUrbmra. Port
, Lob Anceleiand R-dondo (Los Ang.lesj 11 a.
i ibT Dec 16. X U. M. Jan. l. and — founh
I *Vw b ESSada. Magdalena Pay. Baa Jos. .M
• Caha MaVatKin: Alfata. LaPai. Santa Rosa!! *
| and CHiaytaa* (Mex.). 10 a. m . .th of •• a
! B >> further Information obtain •onjpar.ys
! tO ThZ' company rwerre. the right to eharr.
' without rreVlob* notice «t*am«r». aalltng dat.e
; ¥l CKEt' 6rri rcr-4r cr-4 New Montgomery
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAIIERS TO
T= > OK, r rx J -A.3sriD
From Fr>ear-stre»t Wharf at M a. m.
PARE ■ <;| - Flr>at clll "« lacludlnr Bert>
rAnL -S Second Class and Meals.
State of ■'allfurnU 6al!s Jan. »
Columbia ..... Salla Dec. ZO, Jon. 1
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spckan*. Butt*.
Helena and to all points In the Ncrthwest.
TiiroLgn ticket* to all points East.
K. C. WARD. General Ag«r.t.
£30 Market it.
GOOD ALL, V. ■■■ A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
jfTW TCRK. rODTHAMPTOS. L05D05. PAl!\
Stopping at CherN^urs. w»«ithcund.
r >m New Tork Every Wednesday. II a. m.
New York Jan. S'New Y'.rk Jan. 54
St. I.fuN Jan. In St. 1/ ■!!:< Jan. It
St. Paul Jan. 17 St. Paul Feb. 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York an i Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 1J MNHa.
j Westernland ....Dec. 171 Aragonla Jan. 17
Kensington Jan. 3 Frlosland Jan :«
Noordland Jan. 101 Southwark Jan. -t
EMPIRE LINE.
Senrtt-. St. Michael. Dcr.vson riiy.
For full Information re^r.rilng freight and
l.aysac» nroly to
! INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
'; SO Montgomery *t.. or any of Its agfnclf.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COH-
- i.er of First nnd Urannan »tro»ts. 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA an.l HONCKONd. railing at
K. t•• (Hi. v i. Naganakl unl Shanghai, ami
ronr.cctlng nt Hongkong with steamers . for
India, etc. No cargo received on. board on day
of yalllnc
i im.vr.KONO MAUL' Tue«.lay. J^n. M
1 NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb 9
AMERICA MARIT Wednesday, Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Ritind-trlp tickets at reduced rate*. For
frelrht and p&rsage apply at company's .-.:'■•.
«1 Market Mrnt, c.rn»-r Tlrst.V ■
W. H. AVEIIY. (>n>ral Agent.
f^SBHJS The s 8 - Aastr.Ha
ii — v ww £ lM '*>7.' Jan w -
S<ft;,rn < :n!n c ) s- s. Mnan.i mi vi»
OV^ilbUP*- H-.nnlulu an .l Au.«l«»l
c- .- *yin..i._ c v Tan , ( at gp- a.
Favorite L!n» Round th» World via lawatl.
Srrrf>!». New Zeatand. Aust'ixlla.' India Sue*.
England, etc. ; V.'.Q first r'. a 
I. 0. 4k^-f«ECiCELS i -iUi.co..A 6t»..6 t».. .Mmmmmm
Pier 7. Foot Pacific £L Freight Ortcc.32? lt*'**l St
or — r
COMPAGNIE GSHERALS TBA!»BAT- • '•
DIRECT LINE TO HAVrn-PARIS
; Kalilnc every Thur*d:iy Instead *CL t \}B*
I Saturday, frnm NoTtmbes.l IXS7 >t ->*•*-'*•*'
! 1!) a. m.. from Pier 4!. 'North iiv*r, foot of
j Morton »t. LA NOKMANDIE -n - *'• A
4'HAMPAONi:. Jan. 11: L\ AUt'ifAlN^ Jan.
IS; LA OASCOONE, Jan. S "i" 1 cl **" to
Havre. JIM) and upward: S per cert reduction on
lound Irln Second class to H. vrc > "■' : 5 Pl "
cent reduction on mun.l fP- OHNERAL
AOENCY FOR UNITED STA"KH AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Itroadw.iy Hudson bulldlni;). New
Ycrk. .1 F. Ft'O '-/.I & CO Paeifld Coast
Agßflta, 5 Montrnrn»TV nre.. ytn Fnn^lacn.
BAY AND HIVER \MERS
FOR U. S. HAVY-YAR: AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Vi,«it "
MON.. Tu«ra.. Wed. T)« s - « n d Sat. at »:ii
a. in.. 3:15. 8:30 p m. (>x. tun. night). Fri-
days, Ip. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:3u a. re .. S
P. m. Land: and office. Ml»alon-stre«t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone *alr. liOB.
FARE Wo
jNEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
POSTHUMOUS CHILD NOW
APPEARS AS PAGE'S HEIR
iligalion Over Rich Rancher's
Estate to Be Reopened.
an Page's Prospects to Secure a Share of
Husband's Estate Brighten Through the
Birth of a Daughter.
Pan"— ln Oaklaafl. December 12
l&?, '.o Lillian Leslie- Page, widow
ci ttt late Samuel Pa « of Han
fcrC. a. fla,u«hter.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 2S.
THE fart of the birth, chronicled tn
the foregoing unostentatious no
tice, has been the cause of throw
ing a great ray of hope In the path
cf Mrs. Lillian Leslie race's life
onfl will prove of vital Importance
■ rtx-penin* her contest for a share of
lit valuable estate of her deceased hus
»tn<;. Samuel Page, who wan a wealthy
acber of Hanford. King County, the In
- facts concerning which litigation has
vrer been guarded with the strictest se
■ r**cy. •
• Slan Leslie Page was formerly a Mr*.
>;•.:: fcnell. residing In Lcs Angeles. She
-. ».*r« linme marked poetic talents and
■ : k .p author of n booklet entitled "For
,.,t-r.:o Nots." recently published, and
-3.» of . her efforts have appeared In
tern magarlnos. particularly In Drlft
'.. She is a prexwiwesslng brunette of
:• ream, and a pleasing, ready conversa-
• * ■ t Jttdfl
hatband, was endeavoring to recover '
from his children property valued at
about $73.'«X>. the largest share of which
eh* would have Inherited ur.d«r his will
had ho been \i<torlous, does not rutll»*
her rh«-«-rful disposition, for the birth of
h'-r daughter at the Avenue House. 128
San Pablo av<>nu», Oakland, a few days
ago has brightened her hopes. She pro
pose* to return to Hanford t<j prosecute
a cult to reopen th«» litigation over her
husband's estate.
The story of her mntrlmonial experience
with Samut 1 Pag* 1 in stranger than fiction,
as it was related thif ufu-rnoon by hcr
■elf.
■ '"Samud Pago was an eccentric rancher,
j,p«<l 75 y«afß, who possessed peculiar re
ligious idea.!*," said Mrs. Page. '"1 had
met h'm at Los Angeles and he fell In
love- with me on very short acquaintance.
We were married last February by Jus
tice C. M. Smith at Hanford. Mr. Page
knew t ...it 1 was a writer and aUdo from
making me hl» companion for his declin
ing years h» had hoped that I would
write n:s re:tp:;nus opinion:* u»i>l i'viuiim -
crrr ■£* in tracts; and 1. en th- other hand,
although 1 had little relief In his ideas.
1 r< gaxde-d him aa a bcneileent old gentle
man ■»!)« would aid me financially in
i>uhllEhliiK tr.y works. At that time I
Lii'iw that he was reputed to be worth
J7l»>iO. and we took up our residence on
hie ime farm near Hanford.
"However. Mr. Page had been eccentric
for uovrral years before that. Ills mental
pTuMitrUles were on money, religion and
w<ii.i«»n, it eeemed. Six months uftcr he
Jom t.ln first wife he had evidently deter
mine! that he should marry again and
had l»r-n :-ued by a woman named Chris
tine Adams, a female barber, who had
froqu.Mly clipped his silver locks and
who w;uiied fia.ixK) damages for breach of
contract. That was In December, lfciri, and
about \t- ■::•..• time he transferred his
property tn two children. Dr. Solomon
Pace of Visalla and Mary Garver of Tu
lare County, in trust for his four children,
th* other two being Ellas and Henry Pape
of- Kuntsa*. This wa« done to prevenl the
Adams woman recovering anythlngon a
■ ju^irmcnt might *?et. The breach of
jiromlse *uit was promptly tried and she
■ wa«- »rix*en a v«rdict of $5<K) damaKC?.
• mmit
|il>:«r
■
•< II liaii
that he
rinlm.
"Shcitly thereafter, nnd Ftlll before our
marriuge. Page sued hi.i two children for
tlip disFclutinn of the trust and the recov
ery of hl» property. He recovered Judg
ment before 'Superior Judge Jiicobs. who
rtlf-d fhortly afterward; but when Judge
I'hllllpi took the bench at Hanford the
«:aM» was reopened mid transferred to VI-
F.'illn. and ;n the following February of
this vmr I siarrled Page. I didn't know
whether his children would be opposed or
not bnd 1 knew nothing of his litigations
ot that time. Lnrt June my huybnnd he
canu* violently Insane. I remained with
blm In hi« room for peveral weeks und
Jwid ontjre charge of the ranch. On June
14 .he died, the* suit against his two chil
dren Mill pending. I applied for power to
continue to prosecute the suit. t<ince I ex
neeifd another hfir nnd my husband had
left it will datftd April 18. 1633, in which he
provided : 'I bequeath to my widow all
the law allows and the fulfillment of the
marriage contract, I give to Mary A
£££ S S, nd to b. r.Ke^,an7ih«
w »« t.?JL l y estate to my other heirs'
L»VhW as executrix without bonds,
but the will was conditional, thus: 'This
mon^v b a ok at , Mary and So * and get m >'
»i «!L? TV ea . c . h to m >' children.'
ConnJv ii h , e h w i" for P^bate in King
! ' "'i the Pare* contested it on the
*rw %"l h i d aml undue Influence!
hnd J n a te d J 1i M an adventuress who
had no boOM and who traveled o'er the
"Sgffi to B« married. The marriage
Wh^nH r h^ rred l ? , was one wherein mv
liuPband had settled upon me $1000 In
™ an . J.'. rd ,* I ] ropmy and &**> 1" ca^ and a
estate 1 lnteresl ln th^ remainder of his
v^F- n f X W days a|?o my attorney*, Roth &
MoFa.U.-ai,. !^ role m,- lhat the su 't <.f
1 age against Oarver and Page versus Sol
Pa*e had been decided against me. Judge
«f^ aC V* hold i n ,X i hat the trust in favor
or the four children was valid, but hold
f at the Fame time that th transfers
originally were fraudulent, they being
made to defeat the Adams woman's suit,
but sir.. <■ all implicated were really guilty
of fraud, as well as my husband the
court determined not to disturb the trans
fers.
In view of that decision there would
in •!utik fur m.> to recover under the
ill. but now here comes a new«heir and
(?-k th TT S is l ? lid 1 will tißhl until th* end.
W hat I hold Is that Samuel Page was in
sane for at least three years prior to his
death and I propose to bring suit to re
cox er a widow's portion of the estate and
the share of his posthumous child if now
entitled to. I expect to leave for Hanford
In a few daye md take up my residence
on the old Hanford place. If they want to
M 1,1,1 AN PAGE.
*jeet me and my child I guess the law will
protect us at last.
"I can easily prove that my deceased
husband was Insane. He believed that he
was .1 itnt who had already passed
through Judgment in this world and was
perfect. He believed in communion with
Fpirlts. and though all his talks on re
ligion were extremely Interesting;, I never
believed in them and those I wrote In
tracts for him I never was ablo to under
stand." .
THOMAS WHITE ANSWERS
MRS. VALENTINE'S SUIT
Says Her Allegations Are a Mixed
Concoction of Falsehoods.
<iaki.\m Dec. 2S.— ln his answer to
the pult broußht by Mrs. Mary K. Valen
tine, widow of the late William T. Valen
tine, to nl aside a certain deed to prop
erty in Alameda, Thomas White, the de
fendant, asserts that "most of plaintitT's
allegatlon^ are a mixed concoction of
falsehoods."
••Billy" Valentine and Thomas White
were fa.«=t friends nnd believers In uplrlt
ualism, and before Valentine '.I he
deeded property valued at *.>OO to White.
Mrs. Valentine In her complaint alleged
that through spiritualistic tricks and de
vices White had secured the deed, to
gether with a promise, that Valentine
would prepare for him a home in heaven
while he (White) should take care of th«»
c-arthly iMjssesulons left behind.
White In his answer alleges that at the
time of the conveyance to him the de
ceased. Valentine, paid over to his wife
$UtK> for hfr waiver and release and aban
donment of all and every claim she might
have on his present or future possessions.
.iinl thut at the same time an agreement
of separation between Mr. and Mrs. Val
entine was drawn up iii t-igned by the
parties.
Frank Estate Distribution.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2S.— The ••mate of the
late Ignatz Frank has been ordered dis
tributed. Judge Ogden having handed
down a decree settling the final accounts
nf Henry and Louisa Frank. executors.
The account show* a balance of $55.7a3 20
on hand, and In the administration Uh*&
was expended. By the terms of the will
the widow. Mrs. Eliza Frank, will get one
half the estate, which has been appraised
mi over tlso.(K>). including Southern Pacific
Railroad Company bonds, water and iras
stocks, railway bonds and realty. The
other half of the estate is to bo equally
divided among clx children.
L "Union Francaise Officers.
KLAKD Dec U L'Unloa Fraaemise
follnwlnr far I he
ld< tu. .1 Longe; vice
retary. J v Ifou-
John FicuU; in Ide tv ir
■ '■ Imlnlatratora, l' Motno.
• r, l'h Krepper^J. Loutore.
• • and .1 Adamlna Tin
Bye m<-ml)ers.
Not Uninteresting.
Qeoigjle Cooper has posed in somo
of tf ■ ' null" that \v
KW. The photos will appear on p p.
11 .if The Sunday fall on the last day of
tnber. So dou't let any on«
r on that date, or you may re
gret It.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1599.
_^ :: — * ——^— — _^__^_^__^— —^_— _______^
DR. WOOLSEY AND HIS STEED
CANTER AWAY FROM THE FOE
Physician Not
Guilty.
Celebrated Case Con
cluded After Vig
orous Bombard
ment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90< Broadway. Dec. 38.
DR. E. H. \\ <•< iI.SKY and the horse
thiough which his arrest was
caused for cruelty to animals arc
both free. The trial was conducted
without bloodshed or Incident until
the v- close, when Dr. Woolney could
stand the pressure no longer, the weight
flew off the safety valve and he made a
few editorial remarks about blackmail.
This was doing very well for a caM that
was conducted und-?r high pressure.
The opposing forces were arrayed
against each other at the early hour of 10
o'clock, when General Leach made a re
ronnoissance In force against the position
held by Generals Nusbaumer and Wool
sey. i ■'. found the enemy strongly In
trenched and proceeded to shell their posi
tion in order to disclose the location of
their artillery. The enemy replied with
vigor, and the result was a complete vic
tory fcr the "Woolsey-Nusbaumer contin
gent
LIBRARY SITE
NOW BELONGS
TO OAKLAND
The Deed Is Given by
the Ladies.
Oakland Offlco San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Dee 2*
The final transfer of the site for the new
public library, donated by Andrew Carne
gie, was made this morning in the office
of William It. Davis, who has acted as
legal adviser of the Ebell Society. Th.'
site is the quarter block at the southwest
corner of Fourteenth and Grove streets,
an* the consideration named In the deed
is $20,000. the amount collected by public
subscription by the Ebell ladies.
Bestdea Attorney Davis th.-r. were pres
. in at the trnn!«f.-r Mrs 11. P. Oleason,
lira F*. B. Glnn sad Mi«- B:\bson. repre.
renting the Ebell Society, and Mrs. Sarah
E. Demltifi and her attorney. E. C. Rob
inson. The property was transferred di
rectly from Mrs. looming to the city of
Oakland, the original Intention of having
It pass through the hands of the Ebell So
ciety being abandoned. Tho documents
arc now in the hands of tho ladles and
will bo formally presented to the City
Council at Its meeting next Tuesday even-
Deputy Recorder Leckle and Ix>rin 11.
Sharp, who examined the titles to the
property, and Notary Public E. J. Flana
pan made no charges for their services.
Before the deeds are finally presented to
the Council City Attorney Dow will pass
upon them.
DEATH CALLS MRS. M.
SQUIRES AT TACOMA
OAKLAND, Dec. 2S.— A telegram from
Tacoma to friends in this city brings the
sad news of the death there of Mrs. M.
Squire?. Mrs. Squires was the wife of the
Rev. Moses Squires, ■ Baptist minister,
and a daughter of Mrs. C. E. Frlsbie of
Anderson. Shasta County. She was v niece
of General John Frisbie of Mexico and of
the lute Rev. N. B. Klink of Berkeley. She
has relatives in Oakland, Alameda and
San Francisco, as well as many friends,
who will regret her untimely death. Ty
phoid fever was the cause. She leaver,
three little children.
Dances Caused Divorce.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2S.— Superior Judge
Ellsworth this afternoon granted William
H. Dunlap a divorce from Grace Dunlap
cm the ground of desertion. The plaintiff,
who la a bricklayer and an extraman at
the Sixth-street engine-house, told his
troubles on the witness stand to-day. Ho
stated that the marriage took place six
year 3 ago; that his wife deserted him
three years later and that she "chased
around to dance halls at nights and
caroused," until he could stand it no
longer.
Ezeta's Furniture Mortgaged.
OAKLAND. Dec 25.-A chattel mort
gage was recorded to-day whereby Josea
dc Ezcta, wife of Don Carlos Ezcta, ex-
The first battery called into action was
that commanded by Gano G. Kennedy,
special officer of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, who made
the complaint. Mr. Kennedy fired a few
fhHls. saying that the horse was suffer-
Ing from lack of to* and shelter.
"I telephoned that fact to Dr. Woolsey,
and he said that our society coulu go to
.1 place that was warmer, and I replied
that we would hay«? lots of company."
s»:'.ld Mr. Kennedy.
General N'usbaumc r replied with a vig
orous bombardment.
"Does the tapir belong to the horse spe
cks?" he aek« d.
"I don't know," said Mr. Kennedy.
"Does the rhinoe-Tos belong to the
horse species?"
"I guesa it does if you say bo," replied
Kennedy. -f
General Nushaumer kept up bis bom
bardment of the Kenned ■ position for two
hours. He wanted to know whether wild
horses would not live on the leaves of th»»
trees and it Mr. Kennedy did not think
Dr. Woolsey was cruel because he would
not bend down the branches of the trees
on the lot. He wanted to know which
w.is the mosi nutritious, the hark of a
tree or th? hark of a dog. He cross-ques
tioned Mr. Kennedy about his various
employments . nd found him to have been
a minister, a farmer, a schoolteacher and
a book agent.
J. W. Harris, a wholesale liquor dealer
was brought up to reinforce the Kennedy
battery. Mr. Harris had seen the horse
in the lot and thought that hi- was not
President of Salvador, mortgages to
< yrus I> Kellcy for (290 all the furniture
foods and chattels owned and used in the
Ezeta household on Ka.-t Fourteenth
street, near Prultvale. The loan is fop
six m< nths. at the rate of ,"■ per tent per
month.
STONE HIGH SCHOOL
MAY BE DEMANDED
BBRKBLBT, Dee, tt.— With the pur
chase of ;i new site f.. r a High School
building by the BoarU of Kducation hn.s
arisen the Question as to whether or not
the new structure shall be ere, ted of
wood or of stone.
It seems likely that the members of
the board, having to face an already too
large deficit in the School Department
finances, will be inclined to publish bids
for the putting up of a wooden building.
Should that course be adopted several of
the prominent residents of the town have
expressed themselves as ready to oppose
I such a move. They are prepared to In
sist that the needs of the community re
quire a stone structure modeled after the
new high school buildings which are go-
Ing up In different cities throughout the
State. They urge. that a wooden building
would have to do service for many years
and before long would be out of date.
Should the board Insist upon Its present
intention it will doubtless be met with
I visforous protests and petitions from alt
Bides.
RELIANCE CLUB POOL
TOURNEY TO BEGIN SOON
OAKLAND. Dec 2«.— Tho pool tourna
ment of tho Reliance Club will begin Jan
uary &. and Kr.at Interest Is being manl
ed In It Among thus., who ha
tered th^ tourney are: Harry Wagor,
rge Itil, l>r. W(«<ton. If. May. Jim
Creely, 1. Cadogan. Arthur Baxter.
< ;.-i.i «t« t - Humphreys, Charles Bates, Bin
«'r .ssman. Jim P*OX, A. Beebe, J. B. Me-
Keon, Frank Fn< man. A. Dlfckman. I*.
11. Rosen helm, Harry Ifaaon and Ed
Bonncmurt. The committee in charge is
up of Dr. W.sttm. J. H. Cret-ly and
A. Agnew.
Th< Reliance Club will give its annual
athletic show sometime In February, and
■ I'M has been appointed to man
age it.
Metcalf Complimentary Concert.
OAKLAND. Dec. >. A romplimentary
concert will be given at the First Con
gregational church to-morrow evening l >•
John W. Ifetcalf, assisted by Mrs. Mar
tin Schuitz, soprano: Mrs. CarroU-Nich
olson, contralto: Putnam Qrlswold, basso
inte, and Alex Bt< wart, violinist. The
programme will consist entirely of torn
positions by Mr. Ifetcalf.
< >n Friday evening. January 5, 1900. at
the First Unitarian. Church, sr>me of tn.>
pupllfl of Mr. Ifetcalf and Mr. Stewart
assisted l>y pupils of H». Nicholson, will
give v complimentary recital.
Philologists to Meet.
BERKELEY. Dec. 2m.— A meeting for
tlif purpose of forming a philological as
sociation fur the Pacific ("oust has been
called for next Friday afternoon at 2:30
O'clock in the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art. San Francisco. Representatives
from the fatuities of the I'niversity of
California. Leland Stanford University
and the State University of Oregon, as
well an Other eminent scholars of the
coast, will be present. In the evening
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University <>f California will read a paper
on "The Place of Philology."
properly fed or sheltered. Jerry Phelps.
an old horse trainer, expr-«srd similar
opinions. Mr. Phelps explained carefully
that he was the man who had taught Mr.
Nusl>aumer t.. ride in the early daya
when Mr. Nusbaumer's father owned most
of the country around what is now Plea.s
anton and the "Nusbaumer" Indians
wen in that locality.
"I used to borrow all the horm I
wanted from hi» father." paid Jerry with
a wave of his hand toward Mr. Nusbau
mer. "In those days we used to feed them
or. nsphiiltum hay." Further arguments
upon this brand of hay w«-re postponed
until the session resumed its ordinary so
briety.
When C. A. Harlow. the bookkeeper for
Anson Barstow, said that a bale of hay
had been delivered to the horse on No
vember 24 and another on December 25
Mr. Nusbaumer and his confrere. Hart
North, wanted a dismissal. Judge Smith
wanted some more testimony upon the
Question of shelter and Supervisor W. H.
Church was moved up In support of the
Woolsey position.
"I was a farmer," said Mr. Church,
"and we always turned horses out to pas
ture without shelter." City Veterinarian
Pierce thought that the shelter was suf
ficient and that the horse was In better
health than when it was turned out. John
M. English, one of the "Ole Bills," said
the .me thing and then General Wool-
Bey delivered a broadside himself.
"A horse that Is out at pasture will not
go in a shed. They will not even stay
under a tree and artists know this, for In
all the great animal pictures a horse Is
always out In the open, even In a storm.
I had a shed on that lot once, but It wa.
I toJen, board by board, by boy.s. When I
pot this telephone message, I'll tell It
mildly. Mr. Kennedy said that he would
go and see the horse. He had not seen
it yet; and I'll swear that— well, three
or four times over."
Dr. /Woolsey put the safety valve on
hard. "He Bald that the horse had some
thing the matter with his kidneys and
when I asked him If he was a kidney
doctor he Bald he wasn't, but he was bred
in old Kentucky. He came around and
.-.ii.i that I would better Join the society,
and 1 opened the door and said— well, 1
bald, 'Not on your life' "
The safety valve was put on for a mo
ment, but the explosion came.
"That was only blackmail, mid he knew
It. ' said Dr. Woolsey.
"Defendant discharged," said Judge
Smith, and Generals WOOlaey and Nu.-
baumer had captured the works.
SAYS HIGHWAYMEN
HAD CONSTRUCTED
A WIRE TROCHA
Peculiar Tale of a
Hold-Up.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 28.— A peculiar hold-up
story was reported to the police last night
by K. Kaufman Of 2241 San Jose avenue.
Kaufman claims that he was on horse
hack last night riding along the Webster
•tree! roadway about I o'clock, when at ■
point near the water tank that stands at
the junction of Pacific avenue and Web
ster street a man stepped out from be
hind the tank and asked for a ride
Kaufman refused the. request, and tbe
man commanded him to throw up his
nai/!s, at the ham.- time giving a short,
sharp whistle, Immediately two other
men pprnnc-fraro thoir-hkUng jHaie.i nrrrl
the three attempted to surround Kaufman,
who says he endeavored to ride over the
footpad*, but his horse was tripped by a
number of wires that the highwaymen
had placed across the roadway.
The horse was thrown completely off Its
feet and the rider landed several feet off
In the roadway. The animal, however, re
covered his equilibrium and Kaufman
managed to remount him and ride away
before the desperadoes could harm him.
Kaufman bears no marks to show that
he was in an;' way scratched or Injured
In his fall, and says the robbers did not
attempt to shoot him or the horse, but is
persistent In his statement that the trio
meant to rob him. Police Officer Ladrence
was Immediately sent to Investigate the
matter, but could find no traces of the
footpads, nor was there any evidence to
show that wires had been stretched across
the road where Kaufman says they were.
The police place little credence" In the
story. Kaufman, however, declares his
story to be true and describes the three
men In detail Two of them were tall and
wore slouch hats pulled down over their
eyes. The other was of medium build
and wore a white shirt. He had no coat
on.
One Bid for Testing Wells.
OAKLAND. Dec. 28.— The Board of Pub
lit Works this mornlnK received only one
bid for teßtinK the Roberts wells at San
Leandro to ascertain whether they can
furnish a sufficient supply of water for
a municipal water plant. Th«- bid re
ceived was from M. 8. Pires of Center
vine, who agreed to do the work fur $2447
with the provision that ho he paid at the
close of the test. He will OM the air
pressure system. The bid was referred
to the City Attorney and will he acted
upon by the board to-morrow morning.
Laborer Crops Dead.
BERKELEY. Dec. 2V-Manuel Cordero.
a laborer In the employ of J. M. Martinez
of Tenth street, West Berkeley, dropped
dead tHls afternoon. Oordcro was In the
yard at the rear of Martinez's residence
"and was about to heßin work for the
afternoon, when he was seen to stagger
and fall. Martinez and C. J. Newell on
going to his assistance found him dead.
The Coroner took charge of the remains
and ordered an inquest for to-morrow.
Cordero wan about 65 ytjars of age and
came from Santa Barbara.
-SDroißmJi^
FOR TWO YEARS
A WIFE FEARED
BEING MURDERED
Hammond West Sent
to an Asylum.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 2S.
Hammond West, the carpenter who.
after bidding his wife and Bister good-by
yesterday, secured his brother-in-law:*
gun, intending to commit suicide, and who
was afterward accidentally shot during
a struggle In which the brother-in-law,
Clark Watson, tried to disarm him, was
committed to tho Insane asylum at Ag
news to-day by Superior Judge Ogden.
West's constitution and ability to with
stand pain proved marvelous. Last night,
while he was lying on a cot In the Re
ceiving Hospital, he tried to tear open the
two ugly wounds on his breast which the
doctors had sewed up; and the charge
made by his wife that he has been insane
for some months proved true. Ha ex
pressed fear to sleep In a room without a
light, and it developed at the examination
to-day before the 1-unacy Commissioners
that he had several times threatened to
kill his wife and ten children and then
himself.
West admitted that he had made tho
threats against life and of self-destruc
tion, but claimed he was only talking dur
ing fits of nervous prostration. It ap
pears that two years ago he experienced
a heavy fall, since which time his actions
have not i>»-»n those of a sane man.
Mrs. Weal testified that during the past
two years she has been living in constant
fear of being killed. At night the husband
would keep the family awake by walk-
Ing the floor, bemoaning his misfortune,
and though sickness had made him weak
he would frequently go down into the cel
lar and saw wood all night.
He seemed quite calm to-day, and not
withstanding his serious wound he looked
better than for some time past and
seemed resolved to take his fate philo
sophically. The doctors believe that with
proper treatment West's reason may be
restored.
STOCK COMPANY
FOR OAKLAND
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — Arrangements
have been made to organize a permanent
stock company of players for the Macdon
ough Theater. The theatrical llrms of
Oottlob, Marx & Co. and Belasco & Thall
have entered Into an agreement to form
what will be known as the Macdonough
Theater Stock Company and they expect
to produce the latest successes at the
Macdonoogh at prices ranging from 15
to 50 cents.
Belasco will leave Immediately for the
Basi and will there arrange for the future
productions, as well a* ■electing the prin
cipal members of the new company. .\:i
effort will he made to open the Itacdon
ough in the middle of January, or by Feb
ruary 1, at the T
Christmas Tree for the Poor.
OAKLAND. Dec 2-v - The Salvation
Army h.-ul a free Christmas tree ai the
barrack*, on Washington street, to»nlght,
for the benefit of the ] r children of the
city. Beside* receiving present* th>* little
wen entertained 6j ■ Musical and
literary entertainment, consisting ■■( reci
tations and vocal and Instrumental music.
Death cf Thomas Bullock.
ai.amkl'A Dec H Thomaa Bullock
died at 1:10 o'clock last evening at »!)•>
homo of his daughter. Mrs. Robeii L >-
max. 2390 Alaneda avenue. He was a i.i
■ \\ . ~t Vlrclnla, a»:«-.l 74 -
months. He had reaMed in Califorula
about twelve years.
EMMA NEVADA SHORTLY TO
APPEAR AT THE CALIFORNIA
BY an .1 r
rangcmer. t
just con
cluded S.
H. ftiedlander &
Co. have arrang
ed for tho early
appearance at the
California Thea
ter of Mm?. Em
ma Nevada, tho
brilliant prln a
donna, whose tri
umphs in America
' and Europe are a
matter of his
tory. The an
nouncement ma.le
last summer that
Mm. Emma Ne
vada would for
ba k f European
capitals this wa
eon for the land
of her birth was
received with con
siderable pleasure
by all music lov
en For the first
time • me' her
memorable ap
pearance In l&ol.
Americans at
home will hear
the sr^at-Amort
can prlma donna,
whose figure
garbed as Amln-;
In "La Bonnnra
btlla" embellishes
the portals of the
statue of Bellini
at Milan. Mme.
Nevada has sign
ed contracts to
make r.n Ameri
can tour under
the direction of
Charles L«. Youni'.
the New York
Impresario, nrul
negotiations are
now In progress
which, if success
ful, will result In
the distinguished
cantatrlce visit
ing this city.
Thoueh Mme.
Nevada has sung
almost constantly in France. Austria nnd Italy since her debut In "La 8. •
namnuia" at her Majesty Londoi Ma v *
of her \lsit to this oountrv In ;■•; #
has k-tpl her fame constantly before the eyes of the public. \
m
An Acquaintance of Irving'g.
Sir Henry Irving, says the St. Louis Re
public, once told a coterie of friends the
following story:
■When ouite a young man he made the
acquaintance of a certain Joe Robins, who i
had left a good business becar.se he liked '
the stage. He never became ■ great actor,
and would undoubtedly have found him- '
self in want now and then if he had not
had his savings to rely upon. Hefore he
made the leap from an orderly existence
into Bohemianlsm he supplied himself
with plenty of clothes, which supply soon
became scattered among his friends, who
were always borrowing from his surplus.
On i day. shortly before Christmas, he had
a part in the annual pantomime, and
dressed himself, with his colleagues, in
the common dressing room. A young fel
low attracted his attention. The young
man siiivered with cold, for he had no
shirt to protect him.
A few days afterward Joe invited his
friends to a little Christmas spread. All
wnom he had invited appeared, glad to
get a good, warm meal at somebody's ex
I [ OF THE
ENCOURAGED BY
THE SUCCESS OF
SAN FRANCISCO
Oakland Merchants
Well Pleased.
r Mayor's Office. City Hal!. R. W.
> Snow. >! i
> 28.— Hon. J.irr. Mayor.
Franrlsr.,. CW.; *'.>ngratula
> tlons upon tho success of yes:
> San Kr.inct.sco \m marching oj
►■ take up our own affairs with re
» newed cntirai;-.'. Tom success ln
> aurcs our own. . >w.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Dec. .•
The foregoing telegram, which was sent
to-day, is a pood index of the sentiment
of the people of Oakland. The success of
the bond election in San Francisco la
taken by the business men of Oakland to
be a forerunner of a similar success In
this city. As the time fur calling the elec
tion draws near enthusiasm over tha
bonds increases, and it now appears that,
unless too many Improvements are ut
tempted. the bonds can rn»tly be carried.
It Hccms to be the prevailing sentiment
among all classes of people that now n
the time for civic progress, and the num
ber of improvements suggested, which uUI
assist the poor man and furnish •:mploy.
merit. makes th' bond proposition a popu
lar one.
One of the principal Improvements sug
gested Is tho construction of an Intercept
ing sewer, at a coat of about $430,000. aii<l
a new City 1 1. ill, new wharves and school
houses are also favored. In speaking of
the matter to-day. Mayor It. W. Snow, an
enthusiastic Bupporttr of the bond propo
sition, »aid:
"The success achieved by San Franclnco
will certainly help th bond election h-.Tf.
We have not dared to face tho prejudice
of a few by advocating a park bond elec
tion first, but we will soon be re* to
vote for sewers, schoolhouses. commercial
facilities and better streets. We will k»»ep
up the. hunt for municipal water and buy
It when ire find It. A park system for
Oakland Is sure to follow. I de3lre to con
gratulate Mayor Phelan. the press, the
Improvement clubs and every progressive
ctllzen of San Francisco upon the sueces*
of yesterday, and we may also congratu
late ourselves. The vote for progress In
San Francisco is the lull of years of
courage on the part of a few, and we bavo
Just such men in Oakland."
Mayor Snow I* not th.» only one who !s
encouraged by the San Francisco elec
tion. The members of the City Council,
A. S. McDonald. E. C. Sessions. It. H.
Chamberlain. City Auditor Ureed, Assist
ant City Attorney Condon. John Conant.
E. A. Heron. W. G. Hcnshaw and V.'. W.
Garthwalte have all expressed themselves
in a similar strain, and all seemed highly
pleased at San Francisco's success.
Twelve New Woodmen.
OAKLAND, De<\ 2.S.— Athens Camp.
Woodmen of the World. Initiated twelvo
new members la.'t evening by the degree*
te.im of Oakland Camp. Head Adviser
Richard Fahey of San Francisco. Heail
Manager I. I. r.>>;ik and Stato Organizer
Temple honored the "baby" camp with
their presence and delivered short ad
dresses on the benefits of the order. Later
■ banquet was •-•■•••..•.I
Not Room in the Churches.
An English authority haa estimated
that If ail the inhabitants nf the Hrltlsh
Isles should '!••• M.- to attend church on n
Klven Sunday 25,000/100 would b«> crowdi"!
out for lack of seating room In tho
churches.
EMMA NEVADA.
pense. Among them was the shivering
young fellow. As he entered his hoas
called him aside and took him to his bed*
room.
Silently Mr. Robins pointed to some new
underwear and a suit of clothes on the
bed.
Just what this young fellow ate after
he had donned the new^and comfortable
clothes he probably never knew, for ho
had not been so well treated in many
moons.
"You seem to sympathize with the
young fellow. Sir Henry," remarked on«
of the actor's friends, when the latter had
finished his story.
"I do." answered Irving with a hearty
■mile, "for I was th. -hlvertng young fel
low In the pantomime."
« It Would S*em So.
•'Hope springs eternal in the human
breast,"
So the poet say*: and no one can deny
If 'twere not for this never-falling
spring.
The pool of disappointment would run
dry.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco
Ca'.l. co:^i-r of Market and Third streets, open
urtll 12 o*c3ock every nlcht In the year.
RRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
ccmer Clay; open until 5 30 p. m.
5<X» Hayes Mrect; open until f:SJ p. m.
tS» McAllister street; open until 9:10 p. m.
fli Larkln « tr-0.-t : 1 j^n until *:30 p. m.
Oil Mission ttrref, cprn until 10 p. in.
SSI Mitk«t ftrcct, corner Blxteeiith; open
ur.til > p. m.
:'»; rievrnth strert; open until 9 p. m.
:«* Val<-ncia stre»-t; oi>«n until Sp. m.
:2iS Prlk stn-it; oj>en until 9 p. m.
North wat corner of Twenty second and Ken- ■
tucky streets; open! until i p. in.
MEETING NOTICES. •
CALIFORNIA Commandtry No. 1. I -
T. X Post «t. R'truUr assembly THIS '<»•
iFLIDAY) EVENING. Order ci the ¥%
Tetnpla, All frKters cordially Jnvlted. ■a*
Slit JOHN TONNIXO3KN. Coa. V
FAN FRANCISCO Consistory Xo. F lC4L_ja
; A: •.-..,! !■. .■•!::. e THIS (FP.I- WTV ! nV^i 1 \
DAY) EVENING, at t> ..'cl.H:k. Ib^TtS^lti
«;i:o. J. UOBE, Regißtrar. ** Ij*!
MAGNOLIA Lodge X<». Z\ I. O. O. waj^L:'/^
F.- Funeral tletnil ..-■:..:.:.- THIS
■ FUIDAY) AFTURX«.MtX at 1:15.
!n our lodceroom. to attend the •'Ww
funeral of our late tirother. V. J. RCHOU.
SAMUEL IMLACK. Secretary.
}i"N. TOM L. JOHNSON. Mnffle-taxer. trill
iiJlrens the people of San Franclfcco tt Metro-
poUtaa Hall, nrth »t.. near Market. FRIDAY
I'VKM.MJ, Dec. r». I^SS. at b o'clock; all
t-eMs free and none re?er\-ed. Mr. Johnson
inrtirularly denlres to have <juesllons akked
up n any phase of the single tax. which he
\»l!l endeavor to answer.
ANNUAL meetlnir-SpHng Valley Waterworks
—Tii" annual meeting of th« stockholders of
the Spring Valley Water Works will be held
at the office of the company. IC6 Stockton Kt.. j
Sun Francisco. Cal.. at 12 o'clock m. en
WEDNESDAY, the ltth day of January. 19m, !
to elect trustees to i^erve for the ensuing year
ur.d for the transaction of such < ther bu«l-
ne«« us may come- t>efore the meeting.
PEUIAM W. AMEri. Secretary.
6T*»CK HOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet- 1
ing « f the nockhnlders of the California Dry i
Dock Company Will t>* h»M at the office of
the cempar,}. No. SC2 California street. San
rnncimco. Cnl.. on MONDAY. January S. ;
ISOfl. at 11 o'clivk a. m.. f . r the purpose of 1
rlectinc a board of directors to serve for the. j
ensuing ytar and f.->r the transaction of such
ether business as may properly c>m» before '
the meeting. W. F. RUSSI'.LL. Secretary.
Offlr-e No. SC2 California nt.. room J. San
Francisco. Cal.. I»ecember 24. HKS.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing f.f the stockriders of the Wlttram Pro-
;*'.W C< mpony will I.c heiij at their office.
T2? Market st.. San Francisco. I'allff-rnla, on |
MONDAY, the eighth day of January. 19fK>. ;
nt lh« hour of 3 D. m.. far the nurj.r^e of j
electing a b^ard of •llreotors to i»erve for th<?
« nsulr.p J-or.r, fir.d the trnnsartl..n of such
other business a* rnny wni' 1 before the meet- 1
lnK. CHARLES A. UVii. Sec.
f'fflce. 317 Market Ft.. San Ftandsco, Cali-
fornia.
Tl?r annual meeting nf the rtockboMers of
The Nevada National Pir.k «.f Pan Francisco.
<"al . will be held at hs banking Inuse. JOl |
Mnntcomery st.. San Francisco. Cal., on !
TUESDAY. January J. IMO. at 3:15 o'clock ]
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve for 1
ih* er.sulrx year, and th«- transaction of such •
tt'ther business as rrav c-me before the meet- I
Inc. QEO. GRANT. Secretary.
Unn rranriscn. Dec<n-.l>er ». IS9S. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVTCE free; R. W. KINO, room 15. first floor!
O.rontcle !»uil.sln»:: no advance charges; all !
■
tlons: bnnkrujtf-y : wills, etc.. drawn; moder-
nte fr-en; call or write.
ADVICE free; <Slvor<~* law a specialty; private;
r.r fe* without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE r.f.j «t law. *.Vi Market, cur. Stiiektn.
ADVirn free; no charge unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON. iC7 Market st.. < pp. Mason.
V. H. MERZ.RACH. attorney at liw. has re-
mn-.e«l iTactlre at f."S <^al. *t., Clunle blflc.
L S. c'tAUK. Emma Spreckeis bid*.. ?27 Mar- •
krt st.: consultation free; no fee* in advance, i
HOARD M) ROOMS.
A^TTIE~NORMANIJIET::6' ICddy^'XeVfy'fur^ j
r.ished throughout ; thoroughly renovated and
pattered; SO r.r y suites and single rooms; hot i
wnter In even' room: new management: ta- j
Vie tv>arder» ir-mmVutisl; excellent table; j
will t.e ready to receive cuest* January 1.
HDDY. 123— Urlt»d States Hotel; rooms II 50 j
week up. with beard $5 tt; suite for two with \
t nard. fl2: board. •' week; meals. £• ele- ;
vitnr rur.s all nlcht.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market - Ele^Tnti
n< w furniture; flrst-clavs in every respect;
tsbl* unsurriarFed; hot and ccld water: ele-
vntnr; m:tfs. mth iKiard for 2. $i 9 mcr.th up.
KCW family hotel: flrst -cl«s« In all appoint-
mints; exreil. r.t table. f<!7 CaJlfnrr.la ft., oc-
curylr.g comer ox>i<os!t» Grace Church.
rBBLORAVIA HOTEL." IV,] lt and Clay-Sun- i
ry fultes; t.est hoaM; for 2. $4J up: single. $30.
LAS PALMAS.IfcTO Market «.— Suite of I rx I
rmr.; rnvnte: !jath: rln. mi: board optional.
OTARRKI.L. 742-<"lean. comfortable rooms-
t.-x-ni ♦:.?> Vari- tprrn« t-> holiday ■tents. !
lIOARD AND ROOM S \V A NTE D.
FinST-OLASS room and board tranted~no cb-
Jectinn If i*rt or the whole in exchange for
vor.l htA jilano lessons; by leading tslnglng i
teachrr of San Fmnclsco. whose office is in ■
crtitral locution. Box 1710. Call efflce.
BIXGLr ro»m for ger.tlemnn; with nr without t
board: Mission preferred; be«t of references
Ilox mo. Call effic*'.
PY couple, with refined private family; state i
rprf-i:I:ir» nr.l terms. Box 17S1. Call office.
DO.UIDINO FOR CHILDREN.
WIDOW hs« a nice home, wants a ftmallThlld
to ttoard: good home; i>»st car*. 3ts Fell *t.
iJESIRAnLE home for little girl at 17"7~Me1
Ali'stfr ft. * *
I IV- MU AND oil).
BCHgOJ; '* DOOKB ?«- boucbt *j and $ exchanced! :
l<..,n^i 80/.fc 0.. 754 Mis.slr a n.. near Third.
800 Iti iM. -11-ii "~
EPECIAI^-i-adles' fine white brtde' sandals
PEOPLES SHOE STORE. "Cheapest of
1 li'-tn Al!.' 13i3 Stockton st.. nr. Broadway.
111 SI NESS CIIANCES.
|4C<v-XICE txcK*ry business, with a goodTaToon
trade; on FolKom. near llth: over $300 »tock
• n hand; 2 llvlns rooms. R. O. WILKE. **
Market st.
!>*»- SALOON: rtt a Wished yearsl lease if
fw.-nted. Market and Mason sts.: flrst -lass-
laying; value -t furniture and utork tl!t><u- ,-i '
rplendld bargain. Particulars R. G WILKF :
__!»* Market st *^
A MlOO; THE l-adlnc ifsta-jrant and oyster
I>hi'l-,r:i on Ma met St.. close to Powell; open !
•:»> anJ night; i-1.-aring .-ibout $3iu ii.-r month;
tllwtse. a Call . R. O. rWILKE. «* Market «t. !
A~tUK<; GROCERY In Oakland, with horse and !
• a^ou: rent $10; x cood l«a>'»r.«j tu«lnes«; all
tresn mtH-k. Call It. O. WILKE. X* Market.
* — ISOO — HESTAUitAXT. oyste7~anT~chon I
lious.-, with dally re.eijts <»r $31; only flrst- !
flu*, rrirw; r,r,t t*l; the Iksi location In this '
it oty.i: Call IV) O.1 WILKE. Jt« Market st.
A— «.mßNi;r itsl.xm with 7 years' lea»e~TJl
twl.'.efjil* district; place «-stal>!l«hed yesrs-
c^arlr.g frmi uo>j to $4W jmt raoath; no better
oger la market. II 906 Market. |
A-l4>»-DELirA<*T store and bTanch bakery"
(>n larkln »t.; rent $li; rood paying business;
nne jmce fur 2 ...:..- r man and wife Call
R, <i. WIt.KE. *« Market st. .
A-«.iO(M-nuxnil rr^ceo~.ni~bar; cht-lceil
loostlon; r.-i.t $4"; dc Ing n lnr«:p n>re atid bar
trade; rtock all tnsh; a rare oLixirtunltr
Call It. G. WILKE. !>!« Mark, t st. r
A-WW-I'OKX atlJ dcUracy'irore. dolnr~a i
iir Xf "u >nJ nr ? X ' :a '" «*>■»«« buslnew.; rent
$29: the very best location: owner must sac-1-
flc** on account <.f .<!ht InveMments: a great j
_t.arcajln. CmII It. O WILKE. WC Market st.
A-t3f*<: SAU»ON and dgar stand; promlnani
.mrrur: neer Kearry st.; good value ln^lghf
rlul»-r»ir.in» If required; . n . Jh .. „; ra j p , lWn< .;
leu vine State. KTEXBERG CO.. 26i, • «my
A-I7U0 : UESTAURANT: very "best location' '
nenr Sixth M.: fln*ly fltt€-d; doing good buisl- I
n<*»; rent only $30: <ther business comwli :
jsa^RTEXBICRG^CO.. K«4 Kearny utT^
t7;<— CORNER saloon an! lo<lgir.c house; bar-
ruin; on account of departuro. McLAUGH-
■
IZiS-RTCHTAITRANT: 250 meals: flne location-
fc.o.4 l.uslnrsn; ir.urt sell. BASILS. 3 Eddy *t.
CANDY and ice cream parjor; mint »ell at !
once. COWING A CCX. 9Uh Market et.
ttZVt— OROOERV and bar; full running order:
rir«t.c:»K« !oratl'>n: must l>e sold: cause nl>-
reij.-'e from r-itr; a rare oppcrtunlty. Apply
I. J. KKXXEDY. care of \\ m. Cluff Co..
Front nnd I'lne stu.
tJf'— riHPT-^LAPS nalor>n: nood location . <Ju-
■' <: ,.'.: v business. Inquire «..i. Stfvenson st.
T< ■!: «...■•:«» a barcain— Boardlntr houM> and aa-
J'w*n in the oour.try. Inquire 117 Battery st.
tynv— CORNER ralofifi; must be sold at once.
1 • •'.-;• st . rorner ' • , mm j
IlATt<iAlN— Cl«ar store; rnu*t l>e soli; owner
taken ignition. Ir.^ulre C 7 Third at. \
MmmMi CHANCES— Con tinned.
$2£O— PARTNER wanted In paying business;
money use-1 to enlarge; no experience re-
_jjuired: trial jflvcn. 9 Oeary. room 2.
DRUGSTORE— BeIow Invoice: must sell before
January 10; sood reason. Railroad aye. and
Park »t., Alameda.
BALI ■ old-eetabllshed corner, at a bargain;
»lde entrance to cafe: departure cause of
Mile. 632 Market St.. room 6.
CANDY store fcr sale: will Invoice $300; must
i*ell nt once: make an offer; any old price. I
Cl 2 Pom at. |
OLD established barber shop, with tools and |
rooms; rent cheap. 1103 Howard at. j
FOR SAI.E— An old and well-establishrd mer-
chant tailoring bus-lr.ess In Southern Califor-
nia. For information apply at KEISS BROS.
* CO.. 14 Sutter rtreet.
LJQUOR store, including building an. lease,
with or without stock. Apply to owner, 22U :
East at
SADDLERY nnd harness business for sale; es-
tablished S >eanB. Apply 7C' Mission st.
RESTAURANT, transient location, for sale.
Inquire In meat mutket. 370 Howard street.
TO LEASE— Furnished hotel; good country
town. Address box IMS. CaJl office.
FOR SALE— Resaurant. ISC Fourth street; do-
Ing good business; cheap.
POM—PARTNER wanted In olj established
business. Be ■ 1714. •' ill office.
COFFEE anl tea mute* supplied frrm GEO.
W. CASWr:LL & CO '8. 412 Sacramento St.
SHOP for painter, plumber, enrpenter: rent
and more In work. WM. HENDIUCKSON
I & CO.. €14 Call building.
j A BRANCH office for the reception of adver- |
! tlfementß and subscriptions has been opened
j at 1213 Polk St.: oien until 9p. m.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
1 pubrcriptlons has been established at IC&6 Va-
[ lencia kt. j
• a BRANCH ■ m - for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »ts. : open until 9 p. m.
I , .
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
I BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
1 almest new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. £2S Harrison.
I ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc . cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
; 100 SETS second -hand harness: wagons, carts,
bucgies. surreys and horses. 1141 Folsim st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING, j
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
fend to SPAULDINU'S Pioneer Carp»t-beat-
lng Works. 3rj-357 Tehatra st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL' Carpet Cleaning Oo.^ M llth
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H. i
', STEVENS, msr.. 3«-4u Sth bt.; tel. South 250.
! J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning* Co.:
<:3 Stevenson si.; tel. South 2CS; lowest rates.
I ADVANCE «'«rpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Suttrr st. ;
|_tel^Maln ;:<«. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e rer yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Elchth St.: tel. Jetsle 944.
CONKLIN'S Carrot-beating Work*. 233 Golden I
Gmc wye.: telephone Enst 12C.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
..~.^ .^ — .... «-.... - — . .,
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compound! and
CcmjTunii paste; a houM-liold blefhlng: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent Olflre nnd factory. 21 Spear st
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM. '
MRS. DR. CLARK.""
the well-known trance medium, may b» con-
rulted on all affairs of life. While "entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery; sh» will J
fhow you how to overcome your enemies: re- :
move family troubles; restore lost affections: 1
unite the separated: recovers lost or stolen j
property; locates minerals. tells your entire ,
lite, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send clamp for rlrcjlar '
with sjvcial terms. MRS. DR. P. CLARK, j
tts Tuik St.. nr. Jones. Hume Sun. and eveg. 1
A-PROFESPOR MAY.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
123 TURK STREET.
He excites the wonder and admiration of th» '
most skeptical; gives advice on love, business |
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; If in doubt. tr>uisle or 1
adversity call on this girted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed in from 3 *.o •*> !
mrMhs: letters containing three question* und !
$1 answered; hours. J to J; Sunday, 10 to i.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated"spanlMi J
fonuns teller; be*t advice In difficult mat- !
ter«. 8 Hayes st.. room 7. second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 M~arket~i.t.. trance. '
ten median; life reader and medical clair-
vcyant; treats all disease*: sittings $1.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance.
£ p. m.. 2."*. 4'v.t I^avenworth st.
MLS HAULAXD'S ten circle to-night: sealed
letter* read; l f -e; Fittings. .'J)c. $1. 34 Sixth st. !
EDWARD CARLE. Independent slate writer.
350 Ellis st.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MRS. DU PREE. card reading: nuentonsTn-
swered by mail; advice given. 2* 7th, room 7.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 2ic up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mioslon.
MME. HANSON. i»almlstry. It>c: card reader:
I>art. present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth et.. r. 12.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card readerTVlT
Ungi dally. 2124 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and j
X'almUtry. 2»c; truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME 2EREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings. ;Zc.
Y< >UR future told by cards, 13c. 1024 Sixth »t.,
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water '
reader: German spoken. 9214 Mlsslon.op Mint. '
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business j
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. BYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2>: ladle?. 914 O'Farrell st.
CO L 1.1:1 11 0 N O FFI CES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S AgencyTno"charge~unl !
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market «t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FIVE sunny rooms; chicken houne; barn; clieap
to a gvMdJenant. Ul Thirtieth ft., near Noe. j
$6— COTTAGE; 5 rooms. 19 Etoaooe. off Crescent |
aye.. or apply C 4 Silver Kt.. off Third.
dentists!!
A-DR. T. S. HlGGlNS' "d'ntarr.aTic^TijiJ
Market »t.. over Caie Zlnkand— Teeth extract- :
ed without pain by Use of electricity, gas or j
chloroform; also by l'>cal anaesthetics applied I
to the s-uii..-. the best and must artistic fi-ntal \
work at reasonable prices; pure gold :;. lines '
rr. n. $1 up: other (tilings from iOc; badly de- 1
cayed teeth carefully treated nnd filled cr !
crowned without pain; pintea that Jit Horn -
$4 to up; open evenings nnd Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry— I
Synol. m application to the gum.«. rem iven 1
the pain: see. our flesh-colored plates; thinner '
and stronger than rubber; warranted fcr 20 j
years; crown and bridge w<,rk; teeth with- I
out a plate: fillings. Me; crowns. $3 50: plates,
full set, f 5: all work painless and warrant i.'.' '
Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Slvth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINJ \ m Marl j
ket *t.. cor. •th. m. 7, Flood bldg.. you can I
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without p!aieg our n>eclalty; gold crowns
11 W up; plaits, extractions free. $4 :.O up. of-
flc«- hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays ato 2 I
Q - w - WILLIAMSON. •■ D.. Manager. I
DR. GEORGE \vT~LKKK~2o "o'FaYre~l7"st.. ex-
tracts *nd fills teeth painless!)- by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubtter or f>xible jlates. J3; received S flrst
prires; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LCDLUU HlHu~l47:~Market ~si~ neaT
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work nnd nlllngs a 1
specialty: all work reasonable; cas given.
VAN VROiiM — Pnlnlf-m «-vtractkin by electric-
ity: guarantee N years: lowest prices; 19 oper-
ators: «-o students. SS7 Market st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 KrnrnyTcor Bush—
_Full s-t of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; flllings. 2Jc.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: work warnuUed~lo '
years. N. V. Dentists. WTJ Mission, cor. 6 h. ]
Guaranteed dentistry. *1 per week: refer to~s>W I
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlor*. 41 Gth. j
SET of terth without plate. DR. H. gT
YOUNG. ISU Talk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; S graduate opera-
trrs; open evri.ino md .""nil.iv. v A Market. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit. [
McIK)WELL Dressmaking School; leading 7y«T
tern. easy i>ayment»; evg. classes. 103 Post.
S. F. Dressmaking. ladles' Tailoring ParloTT-
French tallorlnK syt-tem taught. 305 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. pverO'Cor.nor A Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu- j
dent! to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute.' Parrott building; b<! w!s»: follow their
advice; be thorough; life ncholarf«iip $50.
ALL Ftud»nis but two taking full course !
this year cot position!. SAN FRANCISCO
_ BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1226 Market *t.
ENGINEERING »chool.clvll.e!ec7rTcaT.~~mlnlnß.
rr-ech.. survey, assay, nrchl.: day and even I
e§t. 1564. VAN DBR NAILLKN. 223 Market. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29. 1809.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEAI : Ijuslntsa College. 2« Tost ft.. S. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, . languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mmmg 1 engi-
neering, etc. ; lew s-0-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayre*;
life scholarship ISO. Includes all branches.
MIPS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mand* fcr her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally and by mall. 302 Montgomery st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. lON Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
• ' EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Buil-
ness College. 305 Larkta St.. cpp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught,
priv.or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
LAW rchnols. 927 Market. S. F.. and MS Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetlc.grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1014 Mission, nr.6tn.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r 17
THE Hitchcock School. San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 810 O'Farrell at.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment < Japanese. Chi-
nese. 425 Powell, near Butter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. C 55 Clay st. : I hone Davis S2l.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chlnene help. 421 Post: phone Main 19SS.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
brbt help. 4144 O'Farrell st.; tel East 42€.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Kmp. Agency; all kinds
heir GEO. OAKI. l> Geary St.: tel Grant r*.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG English lady seeks position of travel-
Ing companion to a lady or useful help to
society woman; experienced traveler; good
sailor: French and German; mutual terms.
Adilres-.M box 4SC3, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes light housework for food
home In good locality; no wages; prefer be-
ing bju Istant to old lady; address or call.
2('2 Tuik-st.. San Francisco.
COMPETENT and refined Christian woman de-
sires position us housekeeper; widower's fam-
ily preferred; best references given. Call at
C2Sij Larkln ft.: ring third floor bell.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, uood cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper: city or
country, '"all 18-7« Ellis St.. mom 131. 1 to 3.
GIRL wants to take care of children and do
plain sewing. Address box 4SOS, Call ofjlce.
MAKING ladles' tailor-made suits and
repairing done In' families or home. 651 Geary.
NEAT girl wishes position to do housework
and assist in cookinr. 1009 Nat. ma st.
WOMAN wants housework and cooking: city
or country; good cook: reference?. 24 • ...im, 1.
WANTED— Hy young lady, position aa cashier
or reo'iaion lady in doctor's office. AJJre.-n
371 WaUwurlh aye., Oakland.
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at homo.
IM> Fourth fct.. room 7.
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
engagements by ladies In confinement. MRS.
WoLTER. 132 Sixth st.
WINCHESTER 11 la*. 41 Third sL. near Mar-
ket: UiX) rooms; 2;c to $1 50 night: $1 M to vi
week; convenient an I respectable; free "bus
and bascace to and from ferry.
clash ill:, advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch 1 ffice, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlco for Call advertisements and
Fubferrtplicn* has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
. tucky t-ts.; rron till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha* been established at IUS6 Va-
kncla ft.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened !
Ht 1?.3 j'olk st . open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A SOBER single man. with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good pruner
and steady worker, who knows every dtsease
of trees and the remedy for It. and guaran-
tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible positlrn at reasonable compen-
mtlr.n cr small wages and pbrt on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and L'lve particulars, i
!>ox 7421. Call office.
TRAINED male Brae, thoroughly reliable and
fully competent in either surgical nr medical
casts, wishes the care of Invalid gentleman .
It-st of references. Address Trained Nurse,
box 4SOC, Carl office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; used to
handling liorses; not afraid of hard work. '
Box i ■: : rail office.
COMPETENT and experienced physician
wishes a position of any kind; would take
care of Invalid. Box tBl 7. < ■.•.!! office.
UI-HOLSTEREK desires work In furniture
More; will work cheap If steady. Box IZ6\
Call office.
BOY will di laundry work in family or hotel.
Address WING FONG HI. V!S Clay st.
YODXO man wants to le.trn baking; wages no
object. Address J. H.. 3C*il Nineteenth at.
BOY 1j years old; speaks German; desires situ-
ation as office boy In city; architect's office
pr«ferred; temperate habits; dies not use to-
la ceo. AdJress box 527. can office Oakland.
CARPENTERING and lobbing •( all descrip-
tions. Address W. C. L.. C 27 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Situation oj- emoloynent in private
family: understands care of horses or cows. •
etc.. in this city: a native of Bohemia. Ad- |
dre?.-- box 1521, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cal! • ranch office. 22M Flllmore ts.
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions Las been established at 10 ii Va- ;
lencia tt.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver- i
tisements nnd tubacrlptlona has been opened '
at 1223 Polk ft.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established nt the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : ripen till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
INFLAMED eyes, or continuous eye trouble '
can nt once be overcome with Mayerle's Ger-
man eye water, by mall. 10c. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071% Mir
ket rt.. Hal Fmnclsco: telephone Mint i.".
FLATS TO LET.
UPPER fHt— 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
rtoreroom; $12. 2419 Clay M.. near Flllmore.
YORK. 920— Flat of 5 rooms and bath.
UNFURNISHED upper Bat. with bath; rent
$12. 3" Willow aye.. near Polk st.
FLAT bunting made easy with the printed list
y<.u get from BALDWIN ■ HOWELL. 10
Montgomery st '.- st • t
I It! I TO M.I.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated ok. by sending
address to lock box fit 3. 1,... Angeles. Cnl.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy muttlng, l<*c per yard; 30x60 Inch rug*. '
11. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
st., near Br;iadwa> ; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4* 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E CODY «lnte with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys I
furniture-, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red. 33:3.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pay*
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— $~K«> '-arpen. lurnlture, etc.; highest
price Mii.l: ponal. M. SlUe r t. in. 1121 Market.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
BIG commission, percentage Increase, share In
ttock, salary; men. women to sell lnventment-
MivlnsH bonds; belter than bank or building
r.nd loan flock. Call room CCS. Parrott bide
12 to 4 dally.
GOOJ> reliable agents wanted to Introduce a
new 2ic :.rti' 12C Kearny •■' . room 8.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE^
WOMAN with a child, a* housekeeper. $20, see
party hem 9 o'clock; cook. Institution, $40;
second K'.r'.. $20. country; chambermaid. $15.
nuriie. $20: '.. ardlng-houM cook, $20; house-
rlrl. 1* In family. «i; cook. $2i MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter «.
YOUNG girl or elderly lady to take care of
bab) and as.-ist general hou»ework; $10 to $12.
2M Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS wolst trimmer; some knowledge
of tailor work preferred: steady work; per-
manent. n.'> Eddy St.; 110 rim.
WANTED— GirI for sreneral housework In fam-
lly of 2; no washing; waxes :"1. Apply from
lv to 2 at 2215 California st.
\VANTEI>— Experienced waitress for restau
rent. 4CS McAllister st.
GOOD cook wanted. Apply at 1830 Haight
st.-eet.
NEAT young girl to assist In bakery: refer-
ences. 427 larkln at.
WANTED— for llsht housework at 1273 Mc-
AlllfKr st.
II ELI' WANTED ■■mill
C. R. HANSON ■ 00 104 OEARY ST.
waitresses for hotels, city. Woodland. Kes-
wlck, Nevada, I Bakersfleld. Gait. Hoilister.
Butter Creek, Angels Camp: 2 chambermaids,
city. $20: pantry girl, German, $20. city; cook,
small hotel. $30; laundress, country, $20; 3 res-
taurant waitresses. $7 50. $6 week; 00 house-
girls, city and country $25. $20. $13; nurse.
Stockton. $20. C. R. HANSEN * CO., 104
Geary at.
WANTED— second girls. $20. $25: I second
girls. $20.- country; German he usegirl, 2 In
family. $25: Protestant laundress. Institution.
$25; 4 Protestant cooks. $25; I cooks. German
style, ♦:;. $20; 2 girls for cleaning, in an Insti-
tution, $15; working hou«>keeper. $1»; 10
waitresses, hotels and restaurants; nurses,
$20; C second girls $20 and $23: 40 girls for
housework. $20 and $23. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT &CO 316 Sutler st.
A HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery— 4
waitresses, beat city hotels. $20: 10 waitresses,
Pasadena. $20; 6 waitresses. Los Angeles. $23:
waitresses for Keswlck. Napa. Salinas. Salt
Lake City, Corning, many of them fare paid;
pantry girl, country. $20, fare paid. MRS.
MHM H 1: DAY, Manager.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 1027 Va-
lencia st. -.» v
YOUNG girl for light house* : sleep home.
233 San Jose aye.. near Twenty-fifth St.
WOMAN to do housework. 3.'.'7 Eighteenth
street.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learnlnc Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner <;• ugh an.l Grove sts.
WANTED- A strong, neat woman to help In B.
large family: plain cooking, etc a perma-
nent home to the right person: wages small.
'all or address coal office. Thirteenth and
Webster st* . Oakland.
WANTED— A young lady to work In oyster and
delicacy store; one ho has hud experience
preferred; Must have reference. Call at 4124
Sixth st.. to-day, between 10 a. m. and 3 p. m.
1 DOWNSTAIRS girl, cook and second girl;
references required. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Young girl for bakery store. 331
Fourth ft.
GIRL to assist with light housework; good
home. 4034 Seventeenth St., near Castro.
WANTED— GirI to help In dining-room; wage*
1 $1.*.. Cl 9 Sacramento «t.
1 A YOUNG glri for light housework; small fam-
j lly; good home. 3324 Clay St., near Central ay.
LADIES »-. learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; halt-dressing taught In four weeks. Call
or write for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 13CC Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
Ived at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056 Va-
lencia lit.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements nnd subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk I.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tn«-ky My.: open until 9 p. m. !
HELP WANTED — MALE. \
WANTED r r.Trrrrrrr . .^ r. .."."!
3 more miners. $3 per day: 2 more miner?!
half fare paid, $.",2 per month; also farmers,
milkers, cooks, waiters, llshwashers and
others. W. D EWER .v CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED I
Experienced driver for milk wagon In city;
young single man with references |Ulred;
salary $35 per month and found. W. V
EWER & CO.. €10 Clay st.
MURRAY *. READY PHONE MAIN SS4S !
Leading Employment an.l Labor Agents.
Want to-day. 7 A. M ;
20 farm hands, etc •-• $25. 52') and found j
19 pruners. orchards, vineyards, etc
$26, 120 and found
15 ranch teamsters $20 and found
choremen, boys for farms. .s2n. Jl2, Jio and fd
milker, butter maker, boss h.>re..s23 and found j
stablemen, boys $23, $20, Sl5 and found
gardener, private $23 and found |
3 miners. fhar|>en own tools j
22 laborers, fare 230 $45 50 I
9 laborers, fare 5c $30 arid found !
10 two-horse teamsters $175 day |
I four-horse teamsters, fare $1 $2 day'
3 teamsters, city Jobs $26 and found j
cabinet maker; boy to learn machinist trade.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C 36 Clay st.
LOOK IS7 MEN WANTED AS
tlejr.aken", picket and pout makers, wood- ]
choppers, etc., *2 r.n. $;, $150. $173 cord: 10c. I
12c each: t0.,1s and r.nd advanced; bosß at our '
_olflce. MURRAY .v- HEADY, 631 and 63C Cay. !
6 MILKERS, f>ami» dairy; see boRS nt our office;
$r. to $30 and found; .all early. MURRAY &
READY. 634 nnd C3»> Clay St.
1 1 OT E 1 71 > VtT7.T7. '. Other Help
14 cooks, different Jobs, $30. $10. US. $30. J25
and found; : a Itei ;"■'•. $.10, $25. $20 and fd
boys for bakeries, stores and drive wagons;
advertising solicitor for ■ paper, $30 and 15 per
cent. MURRAY & READY, C3J and 636 Clay.
WANTED reman for country laundry, |00;
German farmer and wife, $30; boy for ma-
chine shop, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. C2K Su'-ramento St.
WANTED— Cook, country hotel. $t".: restaurant ]
«Mok«. waiters, dishwasher* and others. J. I
F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento -t.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
lean •■ scraper holders and dumumen for
the Coast Road, free fan-: 3 miners. $2 50 day:
nil round laundryman, country, i and found:
potwasher, country hotel. .$23. C. R. HAN-
SEN * '""- 101 ■;• ■- st.
BARBERS' home. 12CS Market St.. corner
Eighth— Only legally authorised employment
office on the Pacific Coast; barbers' bosses
supplied with first-class help; charges reason-
able: country employers must pay transpor-
tation of men; M-r..i stamp for reply, irber
shops for sale. WM. HABERECHT. Mgr.
BARBER'S Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. SM Market, downstairs. !
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Bee . 104 7:h; teL Jessie 152.
BOY for clerical work who knows l»ookkeeplng
an.l typewriting; excellent references re-
quired; munt be member of League of the
Cross or other temperance society. Address
box 4SC4, Call.
RELIABLE person to wash windows and do
general work; wages Inolude bonrd and lodg-
ing Drug Store, 1044 Valencia st.
WANTED Men and women chorus fingers. j
Call at .-1 Seventh si . bet. 2 and 4 p. m.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday.
302'; Fourth st.
MAN to handle new money-making store arti- 1
cle; small capital required. 320 Parrot! bldg. ;
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
rice f.GJ Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts
WANTED Good restaurant waiter. 313 O* Far-
r-!l Kt.
WANTED— German boy to learn bakery trude.
1221 Polk st.
GOOn waiters wanted Apply at lIS Fourth
street.
LAST band bread baker Wanted at 111 Larkln
st. ; $35 per month.
FIRST-CLASS retail grocery man: experience i
nnd references required. Bos 4512. Call office.
WANTED- Dishwasher who can cook orders,
CO7 Cluy st.
WANTED qunrrymen and one planer- j
inun; call 10 to 12. Colusa Stone Co.. 2<X '
irny st,
FIRST-CLASS cutter wanted. Apply ut S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 711 Market -t
WANTED— Boy to work in a blacksmith shop. I
15(.4 l-'olsom st.
2 TAILORS on military work Apply BE ROT
FLICK; Light Battery C Stables. Presidio.
GET your sho) lmlf-soled wWIe watting: Be to
TiOc. X? Mit-slon ft., between Ist and rd sts.
SEAMEN, sreen bunds and ordinary seamen,
nt HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight j
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
Ftructlon: lectures nnd everything necessary
to teach the torn -iii art roughly: special
Inducements this month; call or write for free 1
Illustrated ratalogae. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, €25 Clay st. The only Institution 1
<•? the kind ever authorized by the State to
leach the art.
WANTED— Laborers nml mechanics to know
that Ed Tl'.lkln. Reno M 'i r -- proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third xt. : 150 large
ma; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day I
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at S. 1
F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SUITS to order on Installments ut rash prices
$1 week N. Y. TAILORING CO.. US Kearny.
WANTED— men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper: besf In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J. 11. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market, j
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Undell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. nenr Mar-
Urt: ISO rooms. 2.".c night: rending room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IMS Va-
lencia tt. -^ •
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements »nd subscriptions has been opened
at 1?23 Polk st.: open until '* p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has beer, I established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
HOItSES, LIVE STOCK, — For Sale
40 HORSES for pale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draught an '. driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady.
also some fine matched black teams.
; GENTLE horse, surrey, phaeton top buggy.
Apply at 2104 Point Lobos nve.. cor. 20th.
HOUSES LODGING— -FOII SALE.
R. H. WINSTON i.- CD.', Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
16 rooms: corner; finest furnished house In
city; central: particulars at office.
17 rooms; cheap rent; cheap gas; a money
maker; part cash; men roomers.
30 rooms; new house: new furniture; $2000.
44 rooms; corner; part cash; rent $12:.; $2000.
$700— LODGING house: IS rooms: north of Mar-
ket St. : bargain, on account of departure.
McLAUGHUN A CO.. 777u Market st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
cular G. H. UMBBEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH, 1224— Sunny house of D rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent • $37 50.
HOUSE hunting made easy- with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
LOST A.YD KOI M).
1 LOST— Satchel containing music from I^arkln-
st. car. J. M. 8., 723 Golden Gate aye.:
reward. » .
LOST— White fox terrier, black and brown
marking on head. Return to California Brew-
ery. Douglas snd S««enteenth: liberal reward.
LOST -Druid medal. Return IS3O Fifteenth St.;
reward.
FOUND— Water spaniel; license No. 759.; 836-31
Broadway. Oakland.
NEWFOUNDLAND dog; strayed ' from Polk
and Eddy; 2 years old: white spot on breast.
Return to 1028 Ellis st.; reward. i
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JOHN McPARTLANL\ No- 237-1262.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST-A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in the
name of WILLIAM SCHNEIDER; No. 237-932.
The finder will please -rturn to bank.
LOST— Dec. 1; black shepherd pup: 6 months
old: reward. Return 767 Tenth St.. Oakland.
FOUND— Greyhound: owner can have same by
paying expenses. 233 Thirteenth st.
a WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
■ 16 pny-?s. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p«»r year.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best .are;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin: hours 10 to .'. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist. safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
01 cases successfully, treatment can be used
at .me; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 1023^ Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist.
; formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office. $r; warranted; 13 years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office, lIS Eddy St.. near Mason.
l«:. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5; consultation free. 318 Kearny st.
| DR. and MRS. DAVIES. IKS Market: ladles'
I physician: chronic diseases treated; late i>.|.-n-
; tlflc methods: cure- guaranteed; treatment $5.
■ PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENER,
phone Pine 27<1; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
: MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
; ket «t.. bet. Ma so:; and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; hours 9 a m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market St.; hours 10
n. m. to sp. m. ; at residence. 22S Van Ness
.■"••■ 5 to '■• p. m. ; guaranteed treatment. $5.
MRS DR. OWYI 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
.-.r 1 Larkln; hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. GREY, th.> eminent female specialist.
1 Fifth st. Home or oflice treatment. $3.
j DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
ft : every '-use guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. hern doctor treats all dis- \
*""" of the human body. 11:. Mason st.
MIXES AM) MINING:
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend layers, quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 40 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Btn
floor. Mills building. S. F.: tel Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS ion SALE.
BOILERS, engines, hand machinery. mT-
INTOBH A WOLPMAN. 193-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcasaa, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1012-IC2I-1C23 Mission
it., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged.- 10C3 Mission st.
TWO-TON Buffalo scale for sale; a bargain
Call at 100 Mission st.
AT len than cost; uncalled-for suits an 1
trousers to be sold nt Charles Lyons', tht
'■ London Tailor. 721 Market St.
In the History Building.
TWO 4-foot ill's ranges; cheap; second-hand
! cooking Moves from $5 to $15: coal heating
j stoves, 12 Mto $6. Graham & Loane. 433 f.th.
LOT of counters, store furniture an.! fixtures for
pale cheap. Apply to Wm.'R. Jack. 1210 Turk.
"LUIGI RICCA" famous Italian mandolin at
B bargain. Plaza Loan Office. 702 Kearny st.
ONE H. B. Smith 4-sided sticker: 1 <].>od»ll *
Waters planer and matcher. 24x6: 1 air com-
pressor; 1 band paw; 5 locomotives; 3 steam-
ers. 220 Fremont st.
FES— New nnd second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion rafej", vaults, etc. The
Walts Safe Co.. 103-111 Market st.. S. F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. UACIGALUPI.
$33 Market St.. San Francisco.
A-$3 10 DERBY an.l Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, nr. Pin*.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery st.
BOILERS. engines.. drill press.-.* planers lathes
Iron A w 1. M-hsnd. J. BURKE. l^J Beal*!
NEW style Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers:
oak; complete; cheap, 1915 Mission. nr.,lsth.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second-hand: acety- '
lene generators. Bullard A Breck. 131 Po*t st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold W. C. HKNTHAM. 813 Kearny st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. EL S. White. 516 MUslon.
BUYS. Hells, rents gear machinery, boilers.
water pipe; new. 2d-hand. Wlilt.-law.2lC Spear.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st
CHEAPEST and beat in America— The Weekly
'ail. II papes. sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 |vr rear.
M I SCBLLA XEO l!S \V A .NTS.
WANTED Painters' falls; call early. 32i
Oclden Gate nve.
LOT of old windows nnd tank closets: must be
cheap. Ad.lrees boa 13.4. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount nt ( per cejH; Ist. M and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no -de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
Ft.: tel. Main 1644: Branch 19 Third st
ANY proportion, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential, advice free. O. "E.
OLBEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture, or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval; no commission: no delays. J. NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth;
telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $5U
to ■.<*»: 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estate*. legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A Dolan. 638 Market.
ON real state. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. I'C Montgomery at.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg. 130 Powell st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest Roomt
CS and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
MONET TO LOAN.
AT 126 Kearny. rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; .lowest
rites; take elevator: tel Davis 995.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
_lndorser. MORRELL. 00 Examiner bidg. _
$8000 TO l?an on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON A CO.. 1028 Market st.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency, 142 Phelan building.
150 TO 150. 000; lowest rates: Ist and Id mortgs.;
ary proportion. DRTDCN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— »2*H) on first mortgage. 'Address
box 1331. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and lew-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for 19 per month, rd some good
pianos for 13. 14 and $.". per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
"BABY" Decker uprights are "all th? race"
now. S(»e.lhem at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
PACKARD organs are the best of all or_-ar.s
for churches; send fcr prices. MACVAIS.
7«9 Market at. . . .
THE choicest kind of a Christmas present Is an
Olympla music box. rail at MAUVAIS'. 769
Market st. and hear them.
IF you don't want to pay all ca«h you can nave
easy payments for any piano at MAUVAIS'.
769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLKR A CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pUnos. organ* and
all other musical Instruments of • all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. JO O'Farrell st
ALL makes for a short time cnly.
14. 14. 14. 14. 14. II per m_-ith.
2 Chlckerings. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose & Sons and
CO other slightly used high and medium grade
pianos: special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO., 13« Ellis St.
AGENTS — Conover pianos, the artists' favorite;
musicians Invited to call and critically exam-
ine anil make comparison*. Spencer Piano
House. IMS Market st. ; send for catalogues.
LARGE' stock of Baldwlri and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
SOIIMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
PoM st.
PINE Fischer A Steinway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness a VS., nr. Geary st.
BAROAIN— Nice upright piano; only $60 cash;
sold for Btarasa. 1710 Market st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented 13 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 160 Hayes st.
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon andr Hallett * Davis pianos. .
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
BAROAIN Good upright: cheap. BCHMITZ. It
McAllister *t . next Hlbernta Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI'I.I.FH. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada one year for 11.
posing* paid.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
3-STORY and basement brick building; eleva-
tor: adapted for storage or manufacturing;
l? 0 tevenson ft., near Third; rent 175. MAD-
ISON .•. BURKE.
ISOS GOLDEN GATE ave.— Stor<» with living
rooms In back; suitable for upholsterer,
plumber or shoemaker; stable for horse; rent
reduced.
LOFT— Stf Mission st. ; 25x$0: power available
for shirt, glove, shoe or paper box factory.
' PALMISTRY.
MMi: ARMSTRONG, palmist and dream In-
terpreter, has moved from 156 Third st. to 420
Powell.
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN would like position as book-
keeper or office work: graduate Weald's; fair
telegraph operator; references. -. E.. 424 Ellis.
LEPERER'S Qulntonlca. the beat Hair Tonic.
given away: sample bottle tent to your ad-
dress on application to G. Lederer. 123 Siktrn.
JOHN L. BOONE. I Patent Trademark
Attorney at I-aw, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st . Laws a Specialty
Fan Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 14 Third st . near Market: ICO rooms;
23c to II M p-r night; II M to IS per week; I
tree 'bus and baggage to nd from the ferry.
LEDERER Is a connoisseur In coiffures; go to
him and have your hair dressed right. 23c:
switches II up; open mornings, on holidays
and Sundays. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners, make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN 4- CO.. 733 Market st.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House; oysters
any style. DAMITREB BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
IF you wish full value for your cast-< cloth-
Ins call fin 11. COHEN, 157 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold: send for him. 506 Kearny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market... bet. 7th and ?th.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and brle-a-
brac. H. MARKS. m Third st.; send postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialist*, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId fold for rr.amif'g O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. -«> O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A M. Ph.D.. 1313 Linden. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Coll.. IS p:iges. sent to any address In the
United States or Canada on« year for 11,
poets paid.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum paper*
superior to all and lower In price; sample
dor r.c. mailed. ml Camera f*o..- „ Oeary. ■
PIIKKNOLOGV AND METAPHYSICS.
PHRENOLOGICAL reading given. All dis-
eases cured without the u?e of drugs by Profs
DOVE :ind KII.KMSFH KPN 78 Third, r 15.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOII SALE.
PANHANDLES-PANHANDLES.
The extension of the Park Panhandle Is the
question that Is Interesting the property owners
at present; property adjacent to Golden Gate
Park has steardily Increased in value; even If
the Panhandle Is not extended the lots ln the
NEW BLOCK
We are offering are bound to Improve; selling
fast: eight handsome homes now being built.
The choicest and cheapest lots In the city in
the growing Sunset district, facing on Ninth
and Tenth ayes.. between J and X st.- , only
two blocks from Golden Gate Park and electric
enr lines. These lots are on the first rise from
the Park ana command a magnificent marine
M.w which can never be obstructed; no more I
charming home sites In the city; prices only 1
W<'>. nnd on 110 monthly payments: street work '
•lone; every lot on grade with street: see them i
at once; take blue cars en Eddy st. (Ellis and
Haicht st. cars transfer); get off at Ninth aye
and ii st.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
STRAIGHT bona fide bargain; dependable I
splendidly located new modern house: must
be fold Immediately: 9 sunny rooms- will be
sold very elu»ap. 171 Carl st.. Halght-st. cars I
transfer at Masonic aye.
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sale on
Pierce and Waller sts.. near Hatght: over 3D
houses sold In same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
FOR Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms
latest Improvements: Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
FIRST-CLASS bpslness lot; cheap If sold '-..I
w»ek. Box U53. Call.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call
18 page*, in wrapper, foe — nMlnr II per year
REALESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sole?
A BARGAIN — Any one wishing to start In
•'.airy business can secure complete outfit
consisting of _ head of cattle, l horse li
goats, pigeons, chickens and hogs; also dwell-
ing house ami outhouse. Including furniture;
Ideal place for fishing and hunting. For par-
tlculars address box 1569. Call.
11200— COTTAGE: 4 rooms and basement, in
Berkeley, near station, lot 33xsO; 1100 down 113
monthly.
$500— Rough house; 4 rooms; lot 23x123; 130
down. 110 monthly. *^
CHASL A. BAILEY, owner.
20 Montgomery st.
A-liF\invir. NOTICE
Another fine move; don't forget my new ad-
aress: finest offices and unequaled list
--N D. SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT
lo Geary st., opp. Chronicle building. 8. T.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CHESTNUT. 233. cor. Dupont-Furnlshed room
tn rent for housekeeping: cheap.
CLAY. -i- nesr Flllmore— 2 large unfurnUhed
rooms; yard: water: rear; rrn:. 17.
CLEMENTINA. 707-2 nice sunny rooms for
housekeeping; rent I. bath and laundry.
EDDY. tM— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeplns; complete.
HYDE. 410— Sunny alcove suite, complete fcr
housekeeping. $;■'. also basement. «ulle. lit.
KEARNY, 342—3 unfurnished rooms) for house.
keeping.- 11.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post . newly fur-
nished room*; 111: stove.
MINNA. -Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms. '
MISSION. 1123^— Housekeeping. 12. ____^
OAK. US— Newly furnished bay-window tunny
suite of rooms; gas; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ami subscription*
received at Call branch office. ZZZ) Flllmort st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* has been opened
at 1223 polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlc* for Can advertisement. «rvl
subscriptions has been established at Hit Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH off! fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET— Knrn. nnd I nforn.
: A - imiNKWI' KM Slxtb-Roomj
25c to II pet night; 1125 to $3 per week, and
light hou*ekeeplng; (pen all night
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike hrtise. modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to II 60 day. MRS. J. KIN
BOHEMIA. 233 Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. sunny' suites for gentlemen and families,
spec, rates toorlsts; elevator; all conveniences.
BUCHANAN. 1010. near McAllister— Nice sunny
front room, unfurnished. ______
! BURNETT 1428 Market st. (old No. 13«4>— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. i: > Market cor. Golden Oate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. ; rms. A. offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrtptlona
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
EIGHTH. Furnished front room; 12.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
' FULTON. 21S— 1 or more suites of front sunny
room*; gas stove; running water; M or IH.
GEARY. 403 (The N.iurr-1- Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, enyulte or single. Mils' 11. IIYEII.
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable
GOI'GH, 706—2 sunny rooms, both connecting;
running water, and place for stove; rent rea-
• Me.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 217, •:: Samuels' lac* house En
sutte or single; very reasonable.
HAIOHT. ICO— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; |1 50 to M per week.
HOWARD. 715—200 sur.ny rooms: nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. X2**— Clean, respectable; 23<v|l per
night; .1-13 per week: Howard cars to door.
MCALLISTER. 1034— A large furnished room
and closet: gns. hot and old water. rent t:
MINNA. 657. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. II per week: transient.
NEW Arlington. IMS Market— Nicely furnished;
35c day up: 13 week up: transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. reo.
O'FARRELL. 224— Elegantly furnished sumy
suite; also other sunny rooms; very reasonable.
O'FARRELL. Ml— Newly furnished rooms;
sunny: hot water and bath: I* up.
O'FARRELL, Eo4— Furnished suite; sunny rea-
s onable; to gentlemen^
ROYAL House. 125 Ellis st.— lncandescent light.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladle*' par-
lor rooms, per night. 23c to |1 10; we»W. 12 ti
IS; month, IS to 130; elevator on offlc* floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; hath*
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. Three sunny unfurnished rooms;
use of bath sind stationary tubs.
VAN NESS aye.. 3n«— Elegant suites! sinrl*
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor or dentist.
VERONA place. 17. near Third— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, 11. by single woman.
A BRANCH offi for Call advertisements and
subr^riptlons has been established tit th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 n m.
A BRANCH office for the reception • ' adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st : open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia at.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished suite with running wst*r.
fireplace, for gentlemen; phone In house: on
Eddy. Ellis, O'Farrell, Geary or Sutter sts ;
state price. Box 4"'». Call office.
' -— — -—^ —^^— ———__—____,
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Horn*
Society hereby give notice that they have ad-
mitted Intc th» orphanarf from July 1. IAM
to December 30, 1«W, the following orphans
and half-orphans. boys and girls: Abe Blaln*.
I yrs. 4 mos. ; Earle Marks. S yrs. 3 mos :
P.' fa Cohen. 9 yrs. 7 mos.: Dora Cohen 1]
yrs. 4 mos : Joseph hen. 11 yr 9 mos.:
Marcus Bernstein. 9 yrs. 6 moa ; Jacob Bern-
stein. 7 yrs. 2 mos.: Ruth Lowenstttn. 3 yrs.
9 mos.; Charles lllroch. 9 yrs. 10 mos.; Albert
Illrsch, ( yra. 3 m s
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections mart*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel 8320.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States, postpaid, for HrH -<-r year
SEWING .MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 44.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. ;iy. Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE RUDOLPH Storage and Mov«n»T^
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell ; tel. Main 5T13 '
TEACHERS AND TUITION.
WANTED— Student to Instruct beginner In
I.atln and algebra: terms reasonable. Apply
341S Twenty-sixth st.. near Mission.
TO |,»_S~.
HOTEL for rent— The Bemar-1 House, at Val-
lejo. Cal.. is offered for rent from March
I. 1300; this Is a splendid opportunity for a
first-class hotel man. For tsrtlciiUrs apply
to A. L. HATHEWAT. Vallejo. Cal. '
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned He: guaranteed i"V years'
Th» i: ■■■. Jewelry and Optical Co.. 840 Kearny!
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IHSC-LOT mm; cottage rooma and be ft :
street work dene; easy terms "•>■■.
I?TW-Lot 60x143: fine cottage: 5 targe m_i
JS d p. bb r l m : on W ,; r : tl ,r^r;n?p I>r »*>
IJCCO-Lot 40x130; Morton st. between rall-
month. rOOrU " *" d * th: * nd ** p « f
£y-ter£. mea * "*■ MaP Morton-.,, »--tto 3 ;
»3SOO-Lr.t «0xlS0: fine new 5-itoi- h use «
»• P- MOREAL A CO.
___. 1432 Park •« • . Alarc«da. CaL
C Si A1 ST '''' *"* '" America- Th» Weekly
berkele. ; ~advertoemens
MHOTIMI REAL ESTATE.
'e'a'sr
Agency* Scenic Park Tr-ct.
° Q. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
T«T «| f i '-«•—» rooms; mo! -rn. n»r ttatloa- a
Rs_«SBstaiS£_s_OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CrTICE-qQS BROADWAY.
OAKI.IXD It] VI ESTATE.
3C40-WXXX «U qul-k for~|42oo; flae corner
residence; ot 4'x]7s: » rooms; us to date
:C K. BUXJE. >CS Broadway. Oakland.
CUCArCSi and ben In Ar.i4rlca— The Weekly
<V», :« taces. ►cnt to any address in the
________ '''•'. T ■•"■tt>al!i. for fl per ■•■■■■'
to .^KL-yVD II ItM ii RE FOR SALE.
AX -mi lurtlon to you from ifTschellhaAa^the
■ r- rtr.ii.r. w.h nnn Frniklln. .kland |
IMVIDIM) NOTICES.
rij.pT^ Pavings and Loan^pi^cleTy 5
V H.-Tlio director* have declared the fol.
nc »»-ml-annual dlvtdrnds: S6O per cent
: WUUua on term and S per cer.t p<r annum
:.:::.iry '•■ pokit*. fayuble on and arter
_.V auary 2. ISOO. ERNKST BRAND. Sec.
1 .'IMS Una Loan Society, ici Montgomery
■ t.. divlJ.nd n. tlce-The beard of directors
:< dared a dividend for the term end-
ln« December 81. ISM. Nt the rate of
«-ree and «l\ty one-hundr»-dth* (1C0) per
-■- * T^r «nr.um pn term dcpo««.t* and three
<: i i^r cent iH>r osnum oa ordinary deposits
::■• pi Uses, fad layable oa and after Janu-
ary I. ]:•'«>. ■ rTr U " I
' Dixlir-r.rJs not called for re added to ani
bear Urn uric rate of d!\ldend as the rrin-
«.l;.kl :r mi and after January 1. IHOO
' CYRUS W. CA R M A N Y. Cashier.
MVlliKNn r.3ttce-ThT~German FsTvlngs and
J^oan Sn-trty. L^ California it.-For the halt
year « : -.iu.it IVcembrr «1. 1539. a dividend ha*
!■«■«« Ordared at the rat* of four <,4) per cent
Z-r Uisn oa term deposits and three and
«T.«-.t!.'.r.i <} l-S) per ci--.it per annum oa ordt-
f.ary <*<rwt«. free cf taxr*. payable ca mi
after Turkday. Jar.vary 2 1309
.'■ ' ■ CEO. TOIRNT. Secretary.
aim Crntlnrr.tal BullJing and l^an A*»ocia-
tn n of Cailtcrnla. Z2 Sansome st. San Fran*
«!»co. ha* declared for the G month* endinc
l*o«sbcr SI. Uii?. a dividend of ]* per cent
P«t anaum to class "A" stock. 10 per cent
r«-r anr.um tv clafs "F" fc tock. 6 r« % r ceat p»r
•inaum on term d.posits and S pvr ceat per
annum m ordinary deposits.
C*T?l OUVE » r.LDRII>OR. President.
WILLIAM COUUIN. Pec-r.'tary.
JJl\llJilCNl> notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
Fan FrancUcn. 33 Post n.— For the half year
ending I Koomber 31, 1539. a dividend ha* been
«eclared at the rate of three «S| ptr cent per
annum en all depo.stj, f rM . O f tax^, payable
co and after TUESDAY. January 2 19M
GEOROi: A. STORY. Cashier.
pIVTOEXD Nttiee— Dividend No7~io<) C*c per
ESf^J rf 11 i!^ Owanlc Steamship Company
SIUS lU rtymW * Bl the f-rfice.cf the crir.jMiny.
No 2T7 Market st.. en and' aft<r Turwiay
Jutuary 2. 19fM). Transfer books will close oa
Vefinefiay. l>ec*rr.ber 27 1*99. at j o'clock
_ r> m. H. H. SHELDON. Secretary:
CAN Francisco Saving* Union. t32 California
ft., ccrner W<bb-Divldrnd Notlce-For the
ISl* y '; r ' n3!n * *-'th the Slst of December.
Jl.*.J 1 .*. a dividend has been declare.! Nt the rate
f" r anr.um of three and three-fourth* d\)
r 7VT nt .*? n Xerm "^Peslt* »"J three and one-
JleMh rsm x ,rr cer.t oa ordinary depo»lt*
free rf taxcu. payable on anl ufter Tuesday]
3«-mn'v 2. 1!»!W I^vn.l. WHITH. Cn-hler.
LEGAL AUVEIITISEMEXTS.
FV>R jsale— To cloae estate of ALICE SULLI-
A4NOA 4 N 0 < l l^ c *"-"'<s. «t public auction at 11 a. m.
on the 5d day of January. IWH. at MrAlllster-
rt. entranc* of City Hall. San Francisco pa**.
km h No. t?l4 on Calttnrnla Saving* and I^oaa
S • ;••}• of Pan FranrUon. which book show*
balaac* t.f fXSM RS. sale subject tv conf.ima-
llna by court; JO per cent <>r I un-haj-e price
■ 1 on ncr.-ptar.ee e f bM. Frank m
ICKLfiEY. Admlr.Utrator. 22J-2^ Wilcox bulldl
trie. T^os Arcie*
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Mnrrfsge lieenirs have been issued as follow*:
I*;.\ 1 Battcnsteln and fJoldle Helneberg... 21-23
Patrick Mahiwie>- nnd Mary Gannon r.O-30
T::, ;!:>• Swtuney and Mary Ooady C6-SS
Albert .1. Uraun and Katie A. Dwyer M-23
I - Ueade) and Kruma E1ken....".... J7-1S
E4w*r4 .Itmwo and Lilian W. Wi11iam5. ...26-l!«
.:.::. ;.i Ba*o on.l M.ma l*agna r7-lS
« h.-.r!'-» I>r>-lfu* and Annette Hershberg £?-"»S
• • UeQowaa and Far.nle Mrl^od az-"'"
Ualter Booaer and Mary Tregay 3'>-2't
ll.t-an Ht.-r'ilr'.g nnl M.try Krauer .&S-:.O
FIFTHS AGES— DEATHS.
Birth, rr.arriace ar.d death notice* rent by
. Tr.ui: »i!l not be lnMTted. They must be handed
in' a: either of the publication .iftlotr* and be
Indorsed w:th the name ar.d residence of per-
.sor.s authorized to have the tiae published.
EORN.
I3AIIRY— In this city, DerHir.Vr 2«. U39. to the
•rtft <•' Thomas F. Ilarry. a t>rm.
I't •••';-- In t!;ls olty. I>ecfmt>er 26. ISC-3. to the
•>».:<• t '. O«wa» 11. r>uff. a mnn.
JIi:U!:UVANN— Ia this city, necensber IS. 1539.
t-. t! c nlfe of G. A. Hi-uermann, a son.
RYAN— Jn this city. December U. lOi, to the
tvif* cf P. J. Ryan, a sun,
MARRIED.
CHnSHIRB-UPHOFF-In Crass Valley, De-
cn.'jcr 27. IM. at t>'e residence of the bride's
iarenu. by the Rev. U. l»ent Nay'.r.r. Alfred
D, ( heshlre cl San Francisco and Clara, Up-
hn«r rf «;ra>s Valley.
DIED.
Ball. Richard I/Rnn. Marrartt
Btnli Albert ' M<*Ou»r«\ Mary A.
F.i yburrh. Louisa Ma-rtln. Rebecca E.
I >»rj«K-hand. tolin (>"r*(»nnf.r. James
Ln-rham. Rev. J. H. Qulna, Mary A.
DtTIM, Patrick Qulnn. r»trirk
X gg. Augurta Rawllos. Mary
1 arley. Patrick Raj% Rob<rt S.
I'arrea. Mar) 1 S«rthcu. B<Triard
]"r:. ■.(■■■. Mariana Pchiu. Capt. Peter J.
Onilagher. Margaret SllitrPilne. nrlette
Harue. Arthur V. Steven*. Ellen
Hlirler. Belie Sullivan. Alice F.
Hlrrel. Sarah . Traccy. Alice C.
Holland. Gtorc* C Troyw, Reginald J.
Johason. Jrha A. Tpinjin. Jfha £.
Kane. James V. .: ;.. Annie
Kesceier. Joseph 11.
TIAIJL*— At sea, on board Tranrport Tartar. De-
cfrr.ber CS. ISM, Ri hard, thieved hucband of
the late Annie Ball, and father of Mrs. Schar-
lott Pchn >rf ard the late Ellea Bail, a native
< f ixe r>. Cngland. aged v 4 years 10 months
and A days.
DnUVlr-Ia Ftocktcn. Dec«^nber 27. IW. Al-
bert, beloved ki'it of Morltz liruml. a native
<.f i^alifomla. aged 41 years.
CXFrlenii* and acquaintances are respect-
futly lnvlt<d t.» attend the funeral th!» day
(Fridajr)' *t 10:U o'clock, from the rt^ldf-nf-e
of Mr. I». I^vlntarky. 522 O' Farrell »treet. |
Interment ll<<mt <■( Peace Cemcterj-. by 11:30
.o'clock train : : •..• Third and 7 n:.-»:.l
rtreet*.
CLAYi;U]!C.H-In th!« city. Deccml>er 27. 1599.
Lculsa, brltived wife of AUx-rt Clayburgh,
and tnotbrr of Btlle, Ifc-I'.a, Ktta. Carrie and j
.Louis dayrojrgh and Mrs. George Hewlett.
•,• a native of Richmond. Va., aged I* years 10
■.'■rnocith* und 4 day*.
 CTFrictrl* aal. acquaintance* are rerpert-
fully lnrltr'.a to attend the funeral this day
(Friday). at-JQ o'clrxk. from the family rcsl-
Cenoe. 123 C Ma«onlc avenue. Interment Home
eif Peace Ccmetfrr. by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Town«f-nd street*.
ri.AYBUrSG.H-In thl* city. December 27. U*\
Iji-ulra. dearly bflive-d mother of I^ee H.
Clayburgh. a native of Richmond. Va.. aged
M y^ars 10 months and 4 days.
. DHNECHAND— In this city. December 28.
l v :'J. Jchn. "beloved :.'■:: of Mary A. Dene-
<■ l.uni, arid, fjttber of Kleanor. I"»olores and
Frivntl* I>enwhand, a native of France, aged
<:■ v«>nr* 7 month* nnd 13 day*.
C*7"Fr!' > nd* and acquaintances are respert-
•." faTly Invited tf» attend the funeral this day
<J>; '.:«>•. »t 1:3« o'clork. frcm him late r«El-
denre. s<t FolMitn street, tbrnce to St. l*at-
•. r:rk> Church ut 2 o'clock for Brr>-l<xa. In-
'•'■ i-rment Mount Calvary Cemftcry.
. OFFICERS' and members of Court Bohemian
■ ■■•>» . KGC3. A. O. F.. are resj>ectfully requested
la ►■••r.d tli^ fum-ral of our late brother. John
;• ■ hand, this <2ay (Friday), at 2 o'clock.
• " .fn.ri. *t Putrtrk'a Church. By order of
AU**t; A. N. KXOPH. C. R.
\-. 1 M. rCETCTTEXL Fin. See. . •
tEUIIAW a solemn reiul^m anniversary mass
nt Bt; > mlnlp'n Church Tuesday morning.
January. 2. at > o'clock, for the late Rev. J.
\i I*erham, O. p.
DEYIXE- In this citj-. Dec-;mt«er 27. H'j9. Pat-
i■■ ■«• '•• .f. t.u^^.:^nd /if Rose I>c\lne, and
tather vt t;u r Drvlne. Mr*. Mamie. Me-
. >l.'i!ijs end Mr» UTr.raa McCarr. a na,tlve of
B*.t».'xkil, f,jr.ij- L'.m'rtck. Ireland, aged 68
• pears:
C^FrUn^d end Bfqualntances are respect-
rtil'y laytu l to attend the funeral this day
'iWfcyhisit i :jj o'clock. Irom hi*, late resi-
. .lor-. c Folsom ftr*.t.>hence to St. Plat-
\i'> ?-~,7\ M '^« f rt» street, where services
.. v-Il J* held.- Ir.n-rment Holy Crowi Cemetery.
Cr t ," J J : v!.;]- ? V f J: : i lrrjln ''"» «-t» aMomble at
; " V Si"?*" Mr^t. this day (Friday).
. •ricriiov in 1 r k ß,vr r n<i nn * twni ot i> » t -
C c. i Com.
' . El/^O— Tn th!» city. December X, IMS An-
V.,«, »-.i^ 'yu of cj, r i FJec. «n« motiier
ct Mr». A- %\ . LMlnrwrvyJ. a native rf ■•'.■Ann.
' Mrv7 n ;« tm * ny - -^ » '^ I months
<4WiQ *4 Zlnj m
FAULKY— In thl* cJtr. December is l'9S. Pat-
r'.rM. f.ufband r,f Kllrabeth Farley' '
-FAJ'.JtnN— ln this city. December •>? i«?«
• _ Mhty rarr~n. beloved mother of the late Be"l
IiI.NRV .i GALLAGHER CO.,
fPuef»e»>Bors to Fl»BTi«cin * Oall%r«<»-».
rUKERAL DIIIECTCTfts AND EMOALMEOa.
W l^ilth »t.. *TPoslte L ncala ecaosl.
It \i ; t. or SouJ) SO.
McAUOV <fc CO.. B
FCNEItAL. DIRECTORS & EMUALMER3. I
IZB MirkM tt.. l.i-.v,n fcth and »th. B
Telephone H..utli :t7. I
nard * l eD . and Susan Farrell. and grand-
mother of Andrew. Mary, Alice and Frank
1-arrell and Susan Farren. a native of Carn-
dona«h. County Donegal. Ireland, aged 67
years and 11 months. .
FRANCO -In this city. December 28. 1899,
Mariana Franco, a native of Mexico, aged
43 years 5 months and 2 days.
OALLAGHER-In this city. December 27. 1699.
-largaret Gallagher, relict of the late Patrick
Gallagher, and loving mother of Mrs. P.
w rally, a native of Gal way. Ireland, aged
CO years.
tT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to nttend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of h.-r daughter. 74 Natoma street, thence to
Ft Patrick's Church, where a requiem mans j
•Rill be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
H *£t;n— At Stanford University. December *6,
18?9. Arthur V. Hague, only son of Jonathan
and Annie M. Hague, aged 14 years.
E7Remalns were Interred at Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland. December 2*. 1593.
Hi) ri. <:i: In this city. December 2S. 1599.
Belle, beloved wife of Charles Hlppler. a na-
tive of Plttsburg. Pa., aged 32 years.
C .Tr!*rid:- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theo. Dierks, $77 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HIRREL— In this city. December 27. IS9». Sarah
Hlrrel. beloved mother of Charles. Maggie,
Mary.* Daniel, Dennis and Patrick Hlrrel and
Mr*. Rose Uarkins. a native of Carndonaga.
County Dcnepal, Ireland, aged 64 years.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the' funeral this day
(Friday), at >> JO o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
qut'-m mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her i> r ol at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cms* Cemetery-
HOLLAND-In this city. December 25. ISM.
George diaries, beloved son of Margaret and
the late .lohn Holland, dearly beloved brother
cf Mrs. C. T. Rogers. Mrs. A Coblyn, Mrs.
M. Dunne, Mrs. Clara Howell and John and
William Holland, and nephew of Mrs. James
Carr, a native of Vallejo. Cal.. aged 21 years.
(7 Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully :nv:ted to attend the funeral services
thi* day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of hi* elster. Mr*. A. Coblyn. the Ah-
b'vtsford Hruse. Broadway, between Polk and
Liirkln streets. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. December 28. 1539.
John A. Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged
71 years.
C^y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lr.vlted to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clr>ck. from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metsler. €36 Washington street,
thence to Third and Townsend Btreets. ll:3f>
o'clock train, to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for
cremation.
KANE— In the City and County Hospital. De-
cember 2S. 1899, James Kane, a native of New
Yrrk. aged 44 years.
KERSTTLKR— In this city. December 2S. 1??9.
Ji'sei'h H. Keskder, beloved father of Fran-
cis A. Kesseler. and brother cf Francis and
Maria Keset-ler of San Franclieo. Mrs. John
Elchorn of Boston. Dr. A. Kesseler and the
late Rev. Anthony Kcsseler of New V rK and
the late Sister Ursula of Notre Dame, Lowell.
Mans., a native cf Cologne. Germany, aged "J
year* ar.d 10 months.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3?<5 lexlrgton avenue, thence to St.
J«:ne.« Church, corner Guerrero and Twenty-
third ureets. where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the rejvise of his soul, com-
mencing at » o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vury Cemetery.
LANN-ln this city. December 2S. 18». Mar-
Karet Urn, beloved wife o€ the late Charles
l.ir.i. and dearly belove.l mother of the late
William 11. and George Lann. Mrs. Nell John-
son and Mr*. J. W. Anderson, a native of
Galway. Ireland, aged 16 years 9 month* and
IT. days. (S»uth Boston, Mass.. papers please
copy.)
L"" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at *:lrt o'clock, from the residence
of h»-r daughter. Mrs. Nell Johnson. 331 Gold-
en Gate avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a requiem hlßh mas* will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
lit 9 o'clock. Intern- Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
Mi-GUI RE— ln South San Francisco. December
:«. I**, Mary A., wife of the late Arthur
McGuire. and beloved mother of Arthur W..
Mary. Grace, Blanche and Frank J. Mc-
Guire, a native of County Cav.-.n. Ireland.
at oil KS years.
ETFriends .-.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. IMS Sixteenth avenue south, thence to
All Hallows' Church, where a solemn re-
quiom mass will be celebrated for the repose
<'t her ecul. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city. December 27. IS?9. Re-
becca E.. beloved wife of W. H. Martin, a
native of Thomoston. Me.
Z^T Funeral and Interment private.
O'CONNOR— In Chlco. December 2S. 1539. James
O'Connor, a native of New York City, aged 45
years 4 months and IS day*.
C7" Remains lit the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metrler, C 36 Washington street.
INN— In thl* city. December 2S. IS9». Mary
A Qulnn, beloved daughter of Jan. and
Margaret Qurim. * T>atJv« of Han Krandseo,
.v -••■■'. 3 years 6 months and 6 days.
CTTlie funeral will take place this day
(FrMay). at 12:30 o'clock, from •.he parents'
residence. 17 Hattle street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Funeral private.
QVINX— In this city. December 2S. IS&9. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Bridget Quinn, and
father of Joseph Qulnn. a native of County
Armagh. Ireland, aged 31 years.
' RAWLINS— In this city, December ■ 1599.
Mary Rawllns. beloved wife of Harry C. Raw-
llns, and mother of Rita and Frank Rawllne.
a native of Cincinnati. Ohio, aged SO years.
RAY— December 12. IS?9. Robert 6. Ray. aged
C 3 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Chcrles J. B. Metiler, 636 Washington street.
ur.d^r the auFPlc<?s of Ivanhoe I>«lge No. 5,
K. of P. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BARTHOU— in this city. December 27. 1599,
Bernard Sarthou. beloved husband of Marie
Jeanne Sarthou. father of Octavle Sarthou.
brother of Jaquen Sarthou, brother-in-law of
Mrs. J. Sarthou. and uncle of Martha and
Eugene Sarthou. a native of France, aged
IS years 3 month* and 23 day*.
(r7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
I»ecember 31. at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1231 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
California Hall. CZO Bush street, where serv-
ices will be held under the ausploes of the
T-lrue Henri IV.
6CH»>U— In Napa. December 2€. 1599, Carta n
Peter J. Schou. beloved husband of Katie
Schou. and brother of Nelson .1 Schou. a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 47 years 10 months
and 4 day* • '
CXFriend* and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from hi* late r«"sMenee.
412 Bryant street, between ' Second ml Third,
thence to Red Men's Hpll. 820 Post street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pice* of Potoyome Tribe No. 12. I. O. R. M.
Interment Odd Fellow*" Cemetery.
SILVERSTINE— In this city. December 21. 1599.
Henrietta, beloved wife of Solomon Silver-
stlne. and mother of Mrs. Simon Price and
Hattle Hllvemine, a native of Germany, aged
CJ y-srs.
STEVENS— Ia this city. December 2S, ISO 9.
Ellen Stevens, aged 73 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city. December M 1599.
Alice F.. beloved wife of Terrenes Sullivan.
and mother of Thomas 8.. John J.. Katie T..
William E. and May A Sullivan, a nnttve of
County Tlpperary. Ireland, ared M years.
CTFrlends and acquaintance* are iv*pect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 30S'4 Eighth t-treet. thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, corner Tenth and Howard
rtreets. where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
TRACEY— In this city. December 17. 1839. Alice
C, dearly beloved daughter of W. F. and
Man* A. Tracey. Bister of Kathlyn F.. Nellie
0.. Frank R.. Sadie R. and A*ne« M. Tracey.
and granddaughter of the late Thomas and
Catherine Tracey and P. C. C and Mary A.
Creighton. a native of San Francisco, aged 12
years 1 month and 22 days.
ClTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 74 Clementina street, thence to
St. Brendan's Church for services. Inter-
ment private. In Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TROVER— In this city. December 27, ISM, Reg-
inald J. Trcy«"r. beloved son of Charles W.
and Agnes E. Troyer, a native of Han Fran-
•1 2 days.
December 2S, 1«99. John
1-; Truman, a native of New York, aged 70
• thu.
1 1— In this rlty. Derember 2*. 1899. Annie.
late .lame* R. Walnh. and mother
;ile. Ktta and Statta Walsh, a native of
Iffcflß.
YOUNG LADIES* INSTITUTE— A i solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for all
deceased members of the Young ladles' In-
stitute In St. Patrick's Church. West Oak-
land, to-morrow (Saturday), commencing at
9:30 o'clock. All members and friends of the
order are Invited to be present.
MRS. MARY A. NAGLE. Grand Pres.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. Grand Sec.
ll is related of Her. George Macdonald.
rd Kipling's maternal grandfather,
I i wh<n he was courting
iv whom he afterward married, the
• in-law to be- an aged Methodist
with extremely strict notions in regard to
the pi ;s * '"ough
to enter the drawing
.vlng any warning of his
approach. The consequence was that he
The young lovers occupying a single
1 >. .-ply shocked by the sn<
the old man solemnly paid: "Mr. Mac-
donald. when I was courting Mrs Hr-wn.
Ide of the room and I on
ther." Mi reply was:
, ju'i wh.<t I should have done, sir,
:■ Mrs. Brown."
"What the fool thinks ho knows the wise
man knows he only thinks.
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29. 1899.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F. O. Mower, a wealthy landowner of
Napa, Is at t/e Palace.
D. H. Jackson, a mining man of Placer
ville, la registered ac the Grand.
Dr. R. Ermoheres, a physician from
Mexico. l£ registered at the Occidental.
Dr. J. W. Robinson of Llvermore Is at
the Occidental, accompanied by his wife.
J. EL Harbour, a San Diego capitalist,
is among the recent arrivals at the Palace.
Charles G. Lamberson and G. A. Bora
ford, oil speculators of Visalla, are at the
Lick.
1 »r. N. H. Morrison, a prominent medical
man of Los Angeles, is a guest at the
Palace.
W. H. Thomas, one of the Influential
business men of Madera, is a guest at the
Palace.
Judge E. E. Gaddis has come down from
his home in Woodland and is a guest at
tl.-- Lick.
J. H. Foster, a popular hotel man of
Murysville, is at the Lick for a stay of
I :• w days.
Mrs. Frank McLaughlin is at the Pal
ace, where she arrived yesterday from
Santa Cruz.
J«*M D. Carr, the Salinas capitalist,
arrlv.-d in the city last night and went to
the Occidental.
C Hunsiicker, a well-known hotel man
of <3rass Valley, is registered for a short
stay at the I-lck.
Rev. and Mrs. W. A. Brewer have come
up from their home in San Mateoand are
staying at the Palace.
T. J. Kenny and A. N. Soless. leading
. buslmi-s men of Jacksonville, Or., are reg
at th« Grand.
Arclidtacon and Mrs. Schrlsen of Vlcto
rlu. EL C, are among the arrivals of yes
terday at the Occidental.
I (Jeer, son of the Governor of Ore
gon, is at the Occidental. He is here on
;t of pleasures and registers from
Sal cm.
I>. K. I?. Sellers, one of the leading to
bacco men of the coast, for many years
connected with Wellman, Peck & Co., will
go East In the early part of next month
on an extended business trip.
CAXIFORNIANS IN NEW YARK.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.-Llrzie J. Marsh.
D. A Heltliig and Fred Yayerstlne of San
Francisco are at the Hoffman. W. Bayly
Jr. of Los Angeles Is at the Netherlands.
» ♦ «
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Dec. Varney Gas
kill and wife. Harry H. Scott. A. M.
Simpson and Miss E. Simpson of San
Francisco are at the Shoreham; J. R.
Bayers of San Francisco is at the Raleigh.
■ ♦ ■
Que«r Methods Sometimes Are Legit
imate.
Do you know how they unload troops In
th<- Philippines? Well, they don't do it the
way it could be done here, with our excel
trbor and wharf facilities, but nev
aitheleM they manage to get men, horses
and luggage ashore there in remarkably
quick time. Yen oUKht to learn how it Is
v.-ry Interesting* Look out for the
article on pnef 13 of next Sunday's Call.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GOAT ISLAND-J. H. W., City. The
at Island, in the bay of San
Francißco, Is 140.9 a- I
LNULATED SUGAR— L..GiIroy, Cal.
Dry granulated sugar was quoted In San
:s«o on the 12th of last August at
uta.
NEW ORLEANS FESTIVAL— X. Y.
TL.- Mardi Gras Festival in New Orleans
1 on Shrove- Tuesday of *»ach year.
Will fall on February 27.
AROUND TUX BUN— U. S. 0.. Shingle
Bprlnga, Cal. The earth's journey around
tbe sun is accomplished In a solar year,
which Is 363 days 5 hours 46 minutes and
II - .:nln.
A TWENTY -DOLLAR PIECE— M. L..
City. The pure gold that there Is In a
twenty-dollar piece Issued out of the
mints of the United States is 460.40 Brains
.tN fine, worth $20 exactly.
A NOTICE— A. S.. Alameda, Cal. How
long a time must be given by the owner
of a house to a tenant who is living there
in rent free for the purpose of takinn rare
of it during the owner s absence depends
on the understanding between the parties.
RAIN-A. C. R. City. Rain In San
Francisco Is measured by the Weather
Hureau by means of the most approved
rain Kauges. One of these Is placed on
U.e top of the Mills building, whero the
: ■ located.
PARENT AND OT'ARDIAN-A. C T^
Stockton, Cal. A parent has a right to
open, read or destroy any correspond. -n •-.•
a(ldrrsF>-d to a minor without th»? miner's
'.. A guardian of a person has the
same right.
THE AMERICAN BOY— E. N.. Stock
ton. <al. The money that was collected
from school children for the purpose of
building a new warship is held In abey
i-'-ndlng sony- artlnn to be proposed
during th«> present session of Congress.
CLlMATE— lnquirer, Hoopa. Cal. The
climate of Fresno and of San Benito Is
pleasant. The mean temperature is C 8.4
at Fresno and 67.5 at San LJenito. You
should consult a physician as to whether
the climate of that section of the State is
beneficial to. one affected with rheuma
tism.
JEWISH DATA— L, Cedar Grove. Cal.
The Jewish calendar la dated from the
creation, which Is considered to havn
taken yiacf tin y<:irs and throe months
before th*» Christian era. The present
Jewish jrear 1- MM King Solomon s tf-m
ple araa I'uilt in 1012 H. C, or according
to the Jewish calendar. In the year 2545.
NEWS FROM MANILA— F. R,, Oak
land, Cart Dispatches from Manila re
lating to events Intended for publication
in the San Francisco papers on the day
following the occurrence are sent by
cable from Manila to Hongkong, from
there by submarine and overland wire to
France and England, and from there to
the United States by Atlantic cable.
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS— T. 8.,
City. There Is no law or rule that com
pels any employe of the Harbor Commis
sioners of Pan Francisco to pay to any
one an aaacaament of from fl to 4V> per
month, "to come nno by order of some of
the heads in the board's employ." If you
Know U anything «t that kind lay the
lacts before the Commissioners.
MARRIAGE LICENSE— M. D., Fruit
vale, Cal. To perform a marriage It Is re
quired that there shall be a license In
every State and Territory of the Union
except in Idaho. New Mexico. New Jer
sey, Now York. North Dakota, Okla
homa, South Carolina and Wisconsin. A
marriage in the Territory of New Mexico
performed by a minister, no license being
produced, is legal.
NEWSPAPER SKETCHING— C. 8..
H-kville, Cal. There Is a school In San
too whore Illustrating for maga
,-tiid newspapers Is taught. A p. r
son desiring to obtain a position on the
staff of a daily paper as an artist should
ni;iko application to the head of the art
department. If . the artist makes a
sketch In pencil it has to be redrawn
with ink before it U nt for use In the
xinco room.
POSTOPFICEB— J. L.. Redding, Cal.
Presidential postofflces are those the Post
masters of which are named by the Presi
dent of the United States. Fourth class
| postofflces are those the Postmasters of
which are named by the Postmaster Oen
! eral. The Postmasters in Presidential of
| flcs are under a lixed salary. The Post
rs in fourth cl;i*s offices are paid
linp to the amount of business. The
rato allowed such Is fixed each year.
POSTAGE TO THE PHILIPPINES—
J. E.. City. It does not matter what posi
tion your friend may l>e In the United
service at the Philippines. The
postage is the Fame whether to a soldier,
sailor or civilian. An order Issued by th.-
Postmaster «;<>n<»ral on the 2:id of last
November is that "all mall matter
tOM ti'-fvreon the United States and Porto
Rico, Guam and the Philippine archi
pelago or between those island posses
sions of the United States shall be sub
ject to the United States domestic classi
fication, conditions and rates of postage."
PAY IN GERMAN ARMY— J. D.. City.
There Is no work obtainable in this city
that gives figures as to the pay at the
present time to men and officers in the
German army. You might obtain that in
formation by writing to Frank H. Mason.
United States Consul at Berlin.
STEW BUM— W. M., City. The term
"stew bum," which ha*j been used to des
ignate the followers of political bosses,
had Its origin on the water front of San
Francisco. It was and is still applied to
Individuals who "work" people on the
water front for a nickel or a dime and
then rush into- a saloon, where a drink
of beer and a stew can be obtained for a
nickel. It is another designation for a
lunch fiend.
THE FIRST THEATER-F. R.. West
Oakland. Cal. The first theatrical per
formance given In San Francisco was by
a email company under the control of At
water & Madison In the second story of a
building at the rear of the Alta California
newspaper, then on Washington street,
opposite the middle of Portsmouth square.
The building was known us Washington
Hall. This was ln'January, 1650. and the
plays were "Tao Wife" and "Charles II."
EDUCATIONAL JOURNALS— A. S..
Marysvllle. Cal. There are ninety-one ed
ucational periodicals published in the va
rious States of the Union. The most
prominent are tho Pan Francisco
Journal of Education, Progress Monthly
of Chicago, Indiana School Journal of In
dianapolis. Boston Journal of Bducali< n
and the New York School Journal. The
tirst of the series of The Call's Home
Studies appeared October 16, 1599.
MARRIAGE BUREAUS— J. H. F.. Los
Angeles, Cal. This department cannot
furnish you the desired information in
relation to marriage bureaus in San Fran
cfeso, because it does not advertise any
business. If a man wishes to marry he
ought not to have any trouble to find a
suitable partner for life without the ln
tion of a matrimonial agent. If he
has not the moral courage to ask a wor
thy woman to become his wife he had bet
ter remain single.
ADOPTING A CHILD— F. W., Fruit
vale, Cal. In what are known as baby
farms those who manage them and give
out children for adoption demand compen
sation fur the child, but in orphan asy
lums such a thing is unheard of. In such
; those Who manage affairs look
after the child's welfare, and will not al
low a child to be adopted without the best
f>roof that the party making application
I in a i»'sitlon to rear up the child prop
erly and prevent it from becoming in the
future a public charge.
VALUE OF COIN-H. C. M., Smith's
Ranch, Cal. In the United States no coin
Is current at face value other than that
which is Issued by the United States. The
• ! States trea.s ;ry places valuation
on all foreign coins, and such may be ac
c-o-,t« H l at that valuation. That is why
:lan money does not pass current In
■untry. The Bteamera running be-
San Francisco and Victoria are run
by an American company and the rates
an* l~ American or United States
coin, and for that reason only United
States coin is accepted for faro.
TIMBER CUTTTNO— W, R, C. Sheep
Ranch. Cal. The lo< ator of a quartz mine
located under the Slate law has no right
to cut and sell the timber on the same
before obtaining a patent. The superln
nt of a mine has no right to cut
the timber on Government land for v w
of the mine he is superintending or, In
Other words, if th.- nuperlmendent should
tell mon to cut timber <>n (Jovernrn. Nt
land, that he will receive the same at
the mine and pay for It. before patent was
lid violate provisions of
the Federal laws.
SCRIPPING LAND-C. O. W., City. The
mode of procedure In scripplng land and
obtaining a patent thereon depends upon
the kind of land. There is a dn:
BMthot] f,.r t-ach klin of land that may bo
•dipped. Jf land is i ripped in the county
of Iresno It would lepeiul in what part
of the county the land is located in order
to record the wmo. Several oltlcts have
Jurisdiction over t .at county, namely:
the United States Land ottlces of Inde
pendence, San Frc. ::clsco, Visalla and
Btocktoo. Then i-> 10 lawbook which at
length gives Informs lon on this subject.
« m »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
W. B. Eastln and Mary S. and George W.
Halght to John L. Ha&kell, lot on NE corner
of Van Ness avenue and Green street. N 45 by
}•: IB; 110.
Emlle C. and Marie Quenel to Gustavo A.
Wauger, lot on S\V corner of Golden Gate ave
nue ana Webster street, \v 40 by S 87:6; JlO.
Dennis and Mary Jordan to William Rlgby,
lot on a line of Fulton street. 110 X of Steiner,
E 27:6 by 6 110; $10.
William and Kliza Sharp to Edith L. Trow
bridge (wife of C. I.), lot on E line of Lyoa
street. 62.b>% 8 of Jackson street, 8 25 by X 1*1;
gift.
German Savings and Loan Society to Annie
Boxton (wife of Charles), lot on 11 line of
Pierce street. 216 S of Waller. S 25 by E 81:3.
lot 13, block 2, Marlon Tract (Hospital Lot);
110.
Estate of Adolph W. Bode (by Martin Jones,
administrator) to Thomas R. Hobson. lot on B
line of Howard street, 108 N of Fourteenth. N
27:7*4 by E 115; 147 M.
Pauline Nat ban vs. Louis, Jesse and Clara
Ailler, La Boclete Francals. etc. (by F. M.
Thai, referee) to same, lot on S line of Twenty
tecond street. It X of Guerrero. 13 25 by S 114.6;
»27M.
Jefferson H. and Anna Scammon to Margaret
M. Westwood, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
Btreet, t0:ll E of Noe. E 24:10>i by 3 114; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Henry
E. Bothln, lot on NE line of First street. 137:6
BE or Mission. SE £0 by ME 275; $«,000. .
Henry E. and L. Jennie Pot hi to Mary,
Charles T. and Jennie A. Crocker, same; 110.
Julie J. Schwartz to W. R. H. Adamson, lot
on N line of A street, M X of Thirtieth ave
nue. E 25:3, NW 100:6, v 13:7. - 100; $10.
Margaret and John F. Tlghe to James A.
Johnston, lot on SW corner of Seventh avenue
and C street, S 25 by W ICO; $10.
John McDonnell to Max G. F. Leutholdt. lot
on NE line of Eighth avenue. 75 SE of C street
SE M) by NE 100. block 150, South San Francisco
Homestead; grant.
George H. and Bessie H. Lent to Nettle Ronda
(wife of Samuel), lot on B line of Ellis street.
137:6 E of I • in via. i: 25 by B 120; 110.
Jacob Penzler to Esther Denzler. lot on N
line of Grove street. 31 \V of Buchanan W 51
by N 120; gift.
George M. and Florence G. Perlne to Joseph
Levy, lot on S line of McAllister street. 87:6 E
of Scott. E 60 by S 100: JlO.
William Hlnkel to William O. and Amalie
Wreden. lot on E line of Cole street. 833:9 B
of Waller. S 25 by E 123; 15550.
Emma Kramer to Christian Hoffmann lot on
N line of Twenty-fifth street. 71:2 He of Va
lencia. E 46:34. N 1%, Bw 64; $10.
Meyer and Alele Ruef to Gulseppe Anastani.
lot on N line of Union street, 27:6 E of Kearny'
B 23:8 by N 67:6; »3100.
Angelo Rossi to Ipollta Rossi, lot on W line
of Stockton street. 137:6 S of Lombard. B 22 11
by W 100; 15.
Peter Quinn (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner)
to Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society, re-record
1545 d 1. lot on S\V line of Rltch street. 113:9
N\V of Townsend. N\V 23:9 by S\V 80; $1250.
Hlbemta Savings and Loan Society to Mi
nerva D. Kellogg, lot on SW line of Ritch
Etreet. 113:9 N\V of Townaend. N\V 23:6 by SW
80; $1300.
Harriet F>. Eafford to Harrison A. Jones, lot
on N line of D street, 32:8 E of Thirty-seventh
avenue, I 25 by N 100; $10.
I>Hnli-l J. Ahem to Aruife Ahem, lot* 16 and
k 0, HunnyMde; gift.
moa and I>,>r:i •'.•■tz to Sidney W. Smith.
lot n W ouruer o: Ru— la avenue and E,!ln
burnh street. BW ion by N\V W, block 3i. Ex-
Homestead; $10.
Charles K. Sykeii to Julia A. Brown, lot on
NE line of I'recita avenue. MO nw of n t
well street. NW r.7:6. N 123. NE 70. S 157; also
all lntt-r«»t In the estate of Annie Sykes. No.
19.876; 1 10.
In abstract No. 2594. IVcember 12. 1599. the
eleventh de»><l should read: Mary A. O'Sulll
van to Annie M BoUmd, Cornelius P., Mary
-cph A John H. and Nellie O" Sullivan,
all of lot en ■ - f Gutter and Leaven
worth streeti;. ■ 37 I »,\ H --7 ■>:. also all of lot
,n BE comer of Bush and Lonv.-nw,>rth streets,
E 5S by S 137:6; also undlvMed half of lot on
BW •■■ rntr of Front and Jackson streets. W
137:6 by S 91 :S: Rift
Alameda County.
Mary Brown to Teresa J. Brown, lot on RE
corner of Fifteenth and Wood streets, S 61:3 by
E 100. being lots 27 and 28. block F. on map of
resubdlvlslon of blocks C and F, Garden Tract,
Quitclaim deed, Oakland: 110. •
Minnie Kayser to George W. Humphrey, the
S half of lot 19. In plat 36, Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township; $110. .
Henrietta Held to Bertha H. 6toll, lot on E
line of Telegraph avenue. 207 N of Locust or
Twenty- third streets, E. 141 by X 23, Oakland;
grant.
G. W. and Ada Howe to Emll Pfankuchen.
lot on RW corner of East Twenty-fourth street.
202:6 N\V of Twenty-first avenue. NW 60 by
S\V 140, b«-!nif lots 18 and 19, block 76, map of
Northern Addition to Brooklyn, Ea«t Oakland;
$10. • ■ v,-.>- .■-,
Jessie J. Falva and Louisa "Wert to same,
same, East Oakland: $10. ■ .
Caro Carpenter to Nelson Provost, lot on NE
corner Of T«|.l and Occidental streets. N 135 by
E CO, being lot 24, block G. Paradise Park.
Berkeley: $10.
Alice M. Henshall to George F. Her.shall, lot
10. block B, Amended Map of J. W. Crawford
Tract, Oakland; $10.
George F. Hen?hall to Julia A. Ring, same:
fir..
Frances Th.orr.as to Francis TagUabue, lot on
XE line of East Sixteenth street, 100 SE of
Twentieth avenue. SE 50 by NE 140. being lot»
5 and 6. block 36, same. East Oakland: $10.
Frances Thomas (guardian estate Marie J.
Thomas, minor) to same, undivided half In
terest In lot on XE line of East Sixteenth
street, 100 BE of Twentieth avenue. BE 60 by
N'E 140. being lots 5 and 6, block 36, San An
tonio. East Oakland; $475.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to James R.
Wright, lot on E line of Sixth street. 472.12 S
of Channlng way, S 49:6 by E 120, being lot 5
and M 24 H feet lot 6, block 134, Haft Tract,
Berkeley; $5.
William H. McManus and George Lynch (by
B. H. Griffins, commissioner) to Union Sav
ings Bank, lot on N line of East Fourteenth
street. 71.62 E of Whtttler. E 75 by M 124, being
lots 3. 4 and 6. block B. Resubdivision of Map
of Fruitvale Tract. Brooklyn Township; $533.
F. D. and Emma L. Hinds to J. H. Medau.
lot 12 block I. Amended Map Moss Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
R. W. MeChesney to Abble L. McCh««ney.
lot on N line of Central avenue. 252 W of
Lafayette street. W 60 by N 207:6. block 3,
Stewart Tract; Alameda: gift.
H. P. and Emma E. Moreal to Eugenic and
Pierre Eustachy. lot on X line of Paclflo ave
nue. 99 E of Schiller E 35. X 125. W 28.
8 10. W 9. S 115. to beginning, being lot 5 and
E 9 feet of lot 4. block 45, map of property In
vicinity of Enclnal station owned by Columbus
Bartlett. Alameda ; $10.
C. K. and Florence A. Lewis to Thomas Crel
lin. lot en E line of Washington street. 100 X of
Eighth. N 50:8 by E "5:8. being lots 5 and 6 and
portion of lots 7 and 9. block *9, Oakland (sub
ject to mortgage for $13,000); $40,000.
Margaret E. Grace to Anna M. Grace, lot 1.
block A, Doe Tract, being also lot 1, block A.
Revised Map Claremont avenue Tract, Oak
land; $300.
D. J. Ahem to Annie Ahem, lot on N line of
Nineteenth street, 158 W of Adeline, W 80. X d
E 30. 8 125 to beginning, being the W 10 feet of
lot 67 and E 20 feet of lot 56. Map of Subdivi
sion of Surryhne Tract, Oakland gift.
Effle A. McLean to F. S. Sternberg. lot on
SW corner of Thirty-second and Magnolia
street*. W 100 by S 60. being portion of lot 7.
block G. Map of Lands of Peralta Homestead
Association, Oakland; $10.
William Hoftschnelder to Delia E. Orlswold.
lot on X line of Cameron street. 240 E of
Spring. X 206 by E 60. being lot 16, Cameron
Tract. East Oakland: $300.
Hester A. Jewett (wife of H. E.) to William
Dwinell and Jane R. Wilcox (wife of W. J.,
all Interest In lot on X line of Plymouth ave
nue, lEO W of Dwinell street. X 115 by W M. be
ing lot 87. Map of Pacific Theological Seminary
Tract Xo. 2. Oakland: $10.
May B. Dexter to E. A. Halnes. all Interest
In lot on S corner of East Twenty-first street
and Twtnty-flrst avenue. SE 50 by SW 140. be
ing lots 23 and 24, block El, San Antonio, East
Oakland; srant.
George K. and Bessie M. Holloway to John
Mil TiWin. lot on W line of San Pablo avenue,
806.83 9 of Grayson street, 8 49:6 by W 115. be
ins the E 135 feet, lot 4, on corrected map of
subdivision, Snyder Homestead Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
John F. and Janet Morton to William H.
Kerrlson. lot on S line of Haste street, 260 W
of Tremont, W 60 by 8 135, being lot 11. block
6, Barker Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Elsie Sinclair to Harriet E. Mllam. lot on E
line of Ellis street. 100 8 of Prince. 8 50:« by
E 120, portion of lot 114. block 4. map of lands.
Regent Street Homestead Association, Berke
ley; $323.
John C. and Charity L. Rogers to Clara Simp
eon, lot on S line of Prince street. 40 E of Ellis.
E SO by S 100. being portion of lots 113 and 114,
block 4. Map of Lands of Regent-street Home
stead Association (subject to a mortgage for
$1100). Berkeley; $10.
C. W. and M. B. Moores to Mary A. Baker,
lot on E line of Tremont street. 105 X of Essex.
X 100 by E 129:5. block K. Xewbury Tract (sub
ject to a mortgage for $1000). Berkeley; $10.
Union Savings Bank to Edward d'Askqulth.
lot on X line of Wilder street. 404 W of Baker,
X 147.M by W 60. being lots 1 and 2, Mountain
view Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Rebecca and M. L. Wurts to Carroll C.
Holmes, lot 20. block 15, on Map of Subdivision
of lots 12. 13 and 14 and portion of lot 11. Cor
rected Map of Snyder Homestead Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
Annie C. and J. A. Edgren to Jeannette E.
Pweet, lot on S line of Huff avenue (or East
Twenty-Bevpnth street). 120 w of Shuey avenue,
W 26.25 by B 135. being portion of lot 1. Map of
portion of Shuey Estate, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
L. A. Pelton to Mathllde T. 8. Brown (wife
of T. 8.), lot on SE corner of Buena Vista ave
nue and Grand street. E 108 by 3 60, block 42,
Town of Enclnal. Alameda: $10.
Jan« S. Herdman, Charles and Emma L. Lop
stad (by W. S. Harlow, commissioner) to Oak
land Building and Ix>an Association, lot on W
lin-? of Broadway, ISO S of Blandlng avenue.
S 50 • ■• W 140.16. being lot 3. block D. Hays &
Caperton Tract, Alamcda; $1766.
William J. and Ruth A. Paugh tn Ruth A.
Jost (wife of Josenh J.). lots 16. 17 and IS.
block S3. as per 6urvey of James Stratton; J2009.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Lydln. B. Flak (owner) with G. C. Swee
ney contractor, architect Albert Sutton. plumb
ing. gaaflttlnß and sewering for a three-story
and basement frame (flat*) on N line of Hnyes
street. 27 "\V of Buchanan. W 28 by N" 95; 11220.
\V. S. Goodfellow, J. S. Ancus and T. G.
Crothers. executors of the estate of James O.
Fair (owners), with Andrew "Wllkle (con
tractor), architects Tharp & Holmes—
tions and additions to store occupied by Hast-
InKS Clothing Company on SW corner of Butter
and Montgomery streets, 8 200 by \V 160; J4SSO.
A. Aronaon (owner) with Gray Brothers (con
tractors), architects Homenway & Miller Co
ncrete foundations, basement floor and side
16 i _ Pl]
!>O-S>O*O^O4 ©♦©♦©♦ ©♦©♦©♦O*O* O^O^O^O^OfO*
PAGES j — 1 A YEAR
pi Enlarged to 16 Pages 1 |f
I Reduced to $1 a Year! {
I AN INNOVATION IN WESTERN JOURNALISM. I
j THE GREAT I
I WEEKLY I
1 CALL I
° ....GIVES.... I
I ALL THE NEWS OF THE WORLD |
° TOOBTHER WITH £
| Several Pages of Fiction, |
. | Stories of Every- Day Life, f
| Fashions and other matters. I
! ALL PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED
■p ■ ♦
0 : o
1
I 16 PAGES OF IT !
I AT $1.00 A YEAR !
6 I • I c
9 " |
| Only Two Cents a Week— You Can't j
| Afford to Miss It. There are no J
% lottery schemes nor side fakes at- I
1 tached to THE WEEKLY CALL. It's f
o o
t a straight business proposition. |
o •' 3
§ /© PAGES' A WEEK *
/O PACES A WEEK
t AT 9 LOO A YEAR! ©
♦ ♦
1 SEND FOR SAMPLE COPY |
o o
t And See What a Great Paper You t
% Can Get for Two Cents a Week! |
I il6 I ■ ;—; — I ti
16 1 $1
PAGES I ;; — — — A YEAR
walks for a concrete, brick and frame construc
tion on 8 line of Post street, 70:( £ of Jonei,
E W by W 70:8; «2TO.
Same owner with John W. Miller (contractor),
architects same— Brick work for itmt on aame;
$3660.
Same owntr with Frederick W. Kern (con
tractor), architects same — Carpentry and mill
work for same on same; 110.975.
John O'Connor (owner) with Christ Schweitzer
'contractor and architect)— All work for a one
»tory and basement frame butldln* on E comer
L street and Fifteenth avenue 50 feet on L
street and 100 on Fifteenth avenue; 11500.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W Parker & w. L An* O II Elliott. Seattle
J Haas, Nevada City F W Elliott. Seattle
C Schmidt. .NVv City C NlckeJ, Jacksonville
A J Dreen. Cal A N Sol Us. Jacksonvlll
Mrs A J Breen. Cal J A Jennings. Cal
A P Mackle. Berkeley (I 3 Calhoun. Cal
r; M Pock. Cal C Soul*. Little Sha*ta
J M Hath. Vlsalia J Boa!*, Little Fhasta
C F Carr. Guernevllle C 1' Fox. Little tihaeta
Dr L R Le Lande, L A X Karhart. L Shasta
J C Dorner. Tacoma N I' French. Washton
R Zels. Cal D II Jackson. Cal
W II Hoyt. Oakland . A Alexander. Cal
T Mile?. Cal C N Hurd lirerna
S P Barsley. Berkeley ' Miss E. Cordes. Stockt
Mrs J T Orr. Reno L R Prince. Boston
J W Simpson & w, Me B W Wilkinson & w,
G Black. Seattle Treka
W J Ellis. Seattle G D Fluke. Woodland
Miss L Miller. Seattle Mrs B H Burton. Cal
H N Petterson. Cal F V Medynskl. Medfrd
T J Kinney. Jackson- C M Zeltler. Sacto
vllle P Eherenman, Igerna
G F Memnan. Medfrd D F. Youne. Igerna
S V Davis. Medford I Mrs It L King. Merced
B E Brown. Medford Miss C M Sioddard. Cal
X D Taylor. Treka \Q ytaffler Jr. Cal
Miss Taylor. Yreka U Amann. Slsson
A F Elliott & w. Seattl W n Lee«. Cal
W M Ford. Ontario E Pearson. Bkrcfleld
PALACE HOTEL.
J J O'Connor. Elmira |W Wallace. Helena
Miss O'Connor. Elmlra W Wallace. Mont
C Cawston. Pasadena jMI«s G Wallace. Mont
D J O'Lcary. Uelve«lr Mrs II Swift. Alcatraz
Mrs O'Leary. Belvedr F R Bishop. Ky
F- II Hayes. N V Mrs F McLaughlln.
II Orpenhelmer. N T San Jose
L A Wetzel. Nev Mlsa E M Fletcher.
P Andre*. Cal Rocklln
W Hwman. Salt Lake J W Smith. Colo
W G Hannen, Redwood B H Smith. L Angeles
Mrs U S Richards. Call. M Herman. Chicago
C M Richards. S Jose |E Allard. Cnlcaco
Miss A Alexander. Cal J R Harbour. S Diego
Mr yon Grote. Russia II P Wye. San Diego
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page 10.
FORBION PORTS.
HONOIPU— SaiIed Dec 13— Schr John O North,
for San Francisco.
HILO— rort Dec 14— Schr Oe© C Perkins,
from Grays Harbor; Haw ship Falls of Clyde.
Arrived Dec Schr OttiUie Fjord, from
Grays Harbor. Dec — Bark Annie Johnson,
hence Nov 23. Dec — Bark. Amy Turner, hence
Nov 23.
RUNCORN— Arrived Dec 53— Br bark Natuna.
from Oregon.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Deo 13— stmr Elm
Branch, for Japan.
NEWCASTLE. Au»— Sailed Dec 25-Schr
Prosper, for Honolulu.
NAGASAKI-Salled Deo 25-Stmr Olympla,
for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Deo 28— Br ship Ross
shire, henc« Auk 2.'.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK -Palled Dec 28-Stmr La Br*
tagne. for Havre: stmr Rotterdam, for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne.
BOSTON— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Ultonla. for
Liverpool.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■OBfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VU ■■■— ll— Parry.
Commencing October 1, ISS9.
TROM BAK FRANCISCO TO MILL Tat.iji T
AND BAM RAFAEL. *******
WEEK DATS— *7:O«. •»:». U:00 a. m.; ni4*V
•8:40. 5:15. « 00 1:80 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fa«l. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday.
at 9.00 and 11:80 p. m. -r**-»
BUNDAYB-*8:0O. »10:08. 11:10 a. m,: «IJI.
•:I£. *4:45. 30. 1:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quenttn
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT9-fI:M. M. 7:45. •»:«• aTmT-
•W:»O, 8:15. l:40. »S:U p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday a, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at C:4O and 10:15 p. m.
DAYS— I:IO. »»:00. •10.00. *U:45 a. M.i
•1:40. '3:15. 4:45. »«:80 p. m. *
Trains marked <•) start from Ban Oaentln.
TR<"'M MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANNKsCOI
WEEK DAYS— «: 43. «:45. 7:55. »:4S a. mTi
U:SS, ! 38. 46. 5.20 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:06 a. m. 13:08. 8:11, l:«a.
*:00, •:« p. m.
THROUQH TRAINS.
T:W a. m. week days— and warstatlona.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— To males and -'ay stationa.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— and wajr statioim
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
>ocnicn.<i Memo roariXTi
(rACIPIC ITSTIM. ) , :
Trains) ■•■*•> Had nre> «la» «• »rrfT«-a)«
WAN I'ltA.M'lM'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
t t v
UiTi — From December IS. 1333. — aim
•7:00 a Benida, Soltna. Emlra. VaoafOla,
ICtucsey and tWramecto. 7 *7i63r
•7:** a Shasta Express— Davta. Willcwa
Re.l BluffT Portland »7i43»
•« »30 a Martinez, tan Katnon.ValleJu. Napa,
CalintofaamlHanta Boaa »oil3r
•S:t*A The Orerlaod Llxlted— Ojden. Dea.
»«r. Umaha> Chicago *3i13»
••■3«a Han Joae. Llreraore. Htocktnn.
lone. Hacramcato. PlacrrrUl*.
M»r>.». Cblco. Ued r.lnir Milllr
•»!»•» •MlUon. Oik.U'-an.l Honcr* MilSr
•»:<»•» Haywar - Nllrsand Ws7 Htatlona. •Mxl 3»
•»:«Oa DaTla. Woodland. Kcighu Landing.
Marjstllla. Orntlll<?_ . «7>l3p
••■••» Atlastla Fipreas— Ojden and East 'U:l3a
•0:OOa Martinez. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Mercdand Fresno •! «i l»r
••■«Oa Port Costa. I'lesno. Mojars aod Los
Aocelei , •«:••> P
•■•:4)Oa Vali.].. MatMnrs and Way Stations *•: 13r
•1I:OU\ HarwarJs. S:'.r» and Way Statloos. *•<***
•I2:OOu {fOsm LiTennere. Stockton, Hacra-
ra-n'.n, .dota. Uaafnrii. VLialla.
I'crtenUlo a 4il3y
fl:OOr Baeraoiento I:iT»rt)temraeti .. ♦•»:!•<>»
•3:OOplla; 'A.--., .»..■« and Way . •;.,. •-» : I3r
•4oorM fjan Kamoti. Vallejo.
N«r ». t'ailitoia. s.u.t.k !"..!>» *9ilSa
•siOOr Dt-ntcla. Vacatlllr. «*cr»menlo,
WiKi.ilai.il. Xi irbt* Landlcg.
WMrpnUa, Own mi »lo:n»
•4iBOp NJlea, Han JueaindKtnrkton «7il3p
•3:OOrTb« Owl lißlted-Tracy. Fresao.
- - - lUkenuol.l. Kaugua f r-Ai.t*i;*r-
bara. La Auuile* MOil.li *
«3:00r Sucset LJxlted— £l luo, New Or-
learsacd East «10i43a
•3:IOr Stocktoo. Merced. Fregao *ISll3r
•3i3or Fretno. lUkerslleM. Nanta •.'*«,
I*3 Angeles. DemlojC, £1 I'aso.
New Orlcana and Eas* . •SilSa
*3>3op Hanu Fill i : — Atlautto Eiptesa
for MoJaTn ami Kajl . •••4«r
•S:OOp Haywards, :- -* and Ban Joae •~i-t'»A
t6::iVr Tall I ..•lSil.lp
•Oi3or Oriental Mall— Ogdcn and Kart ..... «Si3Op
t~:OOp V_.: . Tort < ■•-• and Way St*.
tloiia ' •W.Vlf
•SiOSrOregotiand CallfornU Kirre3S.H»o-
ramento, Mar|*tllle. l!e<l<lln(,
l'oitl>n.t. I'itg.t n.)ii,,.1 ami Vwi »«»I3a
COAST l>lT|slO>l (Narrow tiasff).
(Foot cf Market .Street.)
•»: Vi.trrTiii...San.ir««rFrlton,
Boulder Creek. Cruz acd Way
HUt M *3i3of
tail Newark Center* tile. Han Jose, Slew
Almaaen. Felton, Ikuider cWk.
Sa&U « mi acd I'rlnclpal Wai
.. ._ Wtatlons ti4>t4«A
. •«iI»P Newark. Han Jnae. Los Gatoa *9:99
• Iltl3r Hnntrrs' Exclusion. Bar Jess and
WayStatlr.rs Pi— F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrtaSil /BISCISC0 — r«at «r Mtrkst ItrMtillislV—
•7:18 00 1110*. v. tItCJ 'JiSJ t3:C3
•« :: ts:: •: ::,-
friDOHUlia— ritltf Brail wi».— «floo • 04) !0:00*.M.
tiaoa 'i:fla t::: •:•: n.:: 'it:?.*.
COAST DIVISION liroaH.sag*).
> __ (Thlr.l ami Tr>wn^- I st )
t«il«A <)c«-*u Vlow. Hootb Had ir»ncl«:o.. tOiSOp
•7:00* San Jo^i ami Way HUtlona (New
Almadeii Wsdaasdais only) *liBop
.•••••a Sun Joae. i 1. 1 I'iuos, HaiiU Cruz.
" racillo aruve. i'uo Itoblcs. Saa
/■ I. ills «il.i*|>O. Hmf, Lotcpoc and
I'riiiclpal Way Stations alilopa lil0p
•lOitn* 5«i,.),,4. jut V. »> .SUtioos *H:B3a
• lIiZUa San Jneo «- . i Way Stations *3i3Op
tai«3rSati Mat co, IleUwool. Menlo Park.
' Palo Alto. .«<ant.. Clara. Han Jose,
» Tres lisos, banta Cruz. P*:ina*,
. Monterey and I'irlflo firoTe t>O:36A
fliltajp Sta .loseatid Way Htatlona *?i3nr
San Jose an. 1 Principal Way Stations *9tl3*
«3:OOr Han Jose and Principal Wa7 Hutlons ♦!»»«••»
«.v:k» ■ .-, i . ami Principal Way I Butlous *Mi33a
•«::•« Ban Jnae ancl WayHtatlnna «■»:•«*
>ll:l.-»r San .1.^.n.l Way ,Htati«r.i «?t3op
A for Morntiif, fur Afternoon.
•Daily. f iuii'laj OMIVISji ; • day only.
b Saturday on y
sLlar»dan and Fridays I Thursdays and Scadara.
CALIFORNIA ifORTHVESTHW IT. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbsiroa Parry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— »:00, 11.00 a. m. 13«.
I 30. 5:10. 1:20 p. m. Tnuradays— Extra trip
at 11 to p. r.i. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.S*
and li'u p. m.
; BUNDAYB-8:M. »:JO. 11:00 a. m. : 1:10. IN.
I 6:00. Mm p. m.
, SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO. 7:60. ♦:». 11:10 a. m. 12 4a.
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:15 and 6:15 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— I:IO. 140. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 1:40. (:«.
■ :ZS p. m.
Between Pan Francisco and Belraetsen Park
: same schedule as above.
Lear* ArrlT*
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— j October 13.
Week , Bun- 1«» Bun- Was*
Days. | days. Destination days. Days.
7:10 am 3:00 am Novato, 14 4fl am 1:40 am
S:3)pm 9:30 am Petaluma. *'* pm 10:» am
6:10 Pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7 it pm I:X3 pm
Fulton.
T:M am Wind* 10 JE am
nealdaburg.
Lytton,
O»yi«erv(ile.
1:30 pm 1:00 am Cloverdal*. 7itS crn •B pa
7:30 am Hopland. and
l:Coam Uliiah. T:«pm C:23 pm
• 730 am 10. Sam
1:00 am. Gutme-rllle. 7:33 pen
•'» P«n 4 3 pm
T 30 am 1:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1.40 am
and
, 1:10 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. ) <:«S pro in pm
7:30 am 1.00 am Sevastopol. ' 10 :*) am 10.16 am
1:80 pm' 6:00 pmi 7:33 pm • C pea
Staves connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
pr.ngs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at O«yserrllle for Skaggs
springs; at Clcrerdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprinss. Highland Springs.
!£«!»eyvt!]e. Carlsbad Sprlnga. s -1a Oar. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah fur Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Sprints. Hlae 1-i.ktt. Laur«i
Jell Lake, Wlttar Sprtnrs. Upper Lake. Porao.
■otter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llertey't
Buckn«U's. Banhedrin Heights. HullvtUc. Orr*s
Hot Springs. Mendootno City. Frit Bragg
Westport. Usal. WUlltts, Laytoarllle. Cum-
inlnrs. Bell's Springs. Harris, ntien's. Dyer.
Bcctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r«-
auced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points)
fceyond Ban Rafael at half rates. «
Ticket <",ffWa, (50 Market at.. Cnronlrte bids.
n. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. O«n. Paaa. Agent.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S nta Fe Route.
Th« fattest train, running over the best rail-
road, with th» highest olaaa accommodation*.
Conceding train leaves Saa Franolsoo at
1:00 p. m. .
■OIT9AT. WIDHKSDAT. FsUDAT. BATTTtDAT.
ArriTlng la Chicago at t:l5 p. m. ' •■'
raiDAT. BCHDaT, TUI33AT. WZDKS9DAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the y«ar. Pullman Palace aa4
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland MoU
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and the East
1:30 p. m
VALLEY ROAD
Between Btocktco. Fresao. Hanford. VlsaUla, I
Tulare and Bakeraflelvl. fnrniah«a good In sat
train service.
i Ban Francisco office. OS Market at. Ultphoa*
Main 1511
Oakland office. Ill) Droadway.
Sacramento office. In J street.
Baa Jom office. 7 Waat Santa Oar* s«i— i.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCBMIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days— l:3o a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Sundays. .l.oo. 10 00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m,
Btsam-heatsd. closed car on all trains.
Far*.. Baa Fraadsco to Summit and lietsra.
no. 22
a Dr. (iibbon's Dispensary,
(i'jrt lii:.ill.\ VST. Established
In 1.H34) for the treatment nt Private
Loat Manhon«l. lability or
dlAea»«v7earlogoii bodyand mindand
.SklnDlieases.Tbedoctnrcureswhen ■
others fait Try htm. Charges low
t urf.rsarnniffd dvliorwrit^
Dr.J.t.t.lliito.N.Doi i»37.SanFraaci*oa
it #f!!?VDEWEy,STRONG&CO.
xL JJ
VS^^fj MARKET ST.S/.^SSS^
1314
MURDERER HAYWORTH
ARRESTED IN OREGON
s Whereabouts Discovered by
Detective Fitzgerald.
Foully Killed a Watchman Who Had Sur
prised Him in the Act of Breaking
into a Store.
Tr th* efforts of Detective
Fitzgerald of the Seventeenth
sirwt Station "Nick" Hayworth,
the. brutal murderer of a watchman
In Kay ton. Davis County. Utah
pome time ago, has at last been nppre
bended. He was arrested ye«terJ.iy In n
lumber enrr.j* on the Hood River, Oregon
i>n -Information furnished by Fitzgerald
but not until ho had made a desperate
attempt to kill h!s captor.
The crime for which Haywortb it
■ranted Is the killing «>f a" man named
Mitchell, who was employed as a watch
man In a hardware store in Laytoni Hay
•.vorfli. who Is raid to b« one of the most
desperate, men in th<» country', conceived
a bold plan to rub the store, after over
powering xhe watchman.. While on th«
way to the store he met two of his _ol<'
pals named Louis Ileavis and .Tnmo^
Stephen.", and after taking them into hU
B mllSeQce asked th<m to accompany hirr
un his bloody mission. They readily con
sented, and the trio started for the place.
Hnyworth was armed with a shotgun,
while his companions were supplied with
pi:-Tols. On reaching the store, which wa.«
in darkness, Hayworth forced open the
door with a "jimmy" and. after instruct
ing his confederates to keep i sharp look
nut for tho policcmaa <>:; the beat, he
entered.
The watchman had been asleep upstairs,
but was awakened by the noise occa
sioned by breaking Into tho store. Real
izing that burglars were at work. Mitchell
stole downstairs expecting to surprise and
.•a;it;.re them.
Hayworth saw him approaching and se
rreted himself behind the counter. As
:he unsuspecting watchman parsed by his
place of concealment Hayworth felled him
to the floor with the butt end of his gun.
%s lie lay prostrate the burglar placed
he muzzle <>f the gun in his unfortunate
/lctlrn's mouth and Mew his head off.
Th«« trio of burglars then left without
:nk!ng anything of value.
The crltre »as discovered about an
lour later and an Investigation was Im
nedlatelv commenced. hherlft Abbott,
ivlio had lwe:< informed of the murder.
»hlle searching for the desperate trio
'ound, about three miles from the scene
»f th« crime, the shotgun which Hay
north had used. The hat which Hayworth
rvore wa.i al*o discovered In a clump of
.tushes.
Convinced thnt Hayworth was the mur
)• r. r the Sheriff. asslFted by a number
the residents. Instituted a search for
BANK SETTLED
WITH BORLINI
FOR A BIG SUM
♦
Over Twenty Thou
sand Embezzled.
■ ■ ♦ — -
THREE-FOURTHS COMPROMISE
♦
MONEY WAS PLEDGED BY
FRIENDS AND RELATIVES.
Alfred A. Br.rllnl will not be jirofseouted.
What lorkrd like ruinous prosorution for
the youn»c hank ielkr yesterday aft» r
riOon has Riven way to a settlement
thoroughly ncrera.l.!:» to the American
Itank nml Tru?t Compacy and the Amer
ican Surety Company, two corporations
which would have suffcrr-il heavy losses
If the money of norllni'n relatives and
fricn<ls lind rot bern forthcoming.
The oxact amount of the defalcation
was $34,400. at least 115,000 In excess of
what the bank officials admitted. The
oomprcrnlse settlement that i* paid th*»
liank wai JlT.yxt. which fura yatlsfied all
lt« demands and relieve the surety
company of m«-^tlnj» the J.VW bonds which
1t pave the hank n* security for the
honor and Integrity of Horlinl. A release
of all demands has '>een plvr-n Borllnl and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
So Bad %hat Water Would Ooze Out.
and Drop on the Floor. Hands
Full of Water Blisters. Doctor
CoiUd Xot Keltere. First Applica-
tion of n I H I HA Slopped Itch-
ing and Induced Sleep. Cured in
One Month. . -
I bad eczema on my hand* •« bad that when I
ahst 'A. (■::>, tht> BMttl irouid oore out and drop
on thefioAr. \'.\ htiiOt were (all of water M.»
trrt of a while color. I ■ .i under the care of a
do. l . r for ASout arnOMV. tut he did me good.
I wu advt*rd to try CUTU < ru remediea, and
dla «-•. nr.i! it wua Trcnderful whM effect they
hud . The^f rut cj.j lics'ion tlop}#d that drradful
it<hiig. ' I »leptat once, wairurrrf in four vttkt.
Xncu 21, "Ji. U.A. OOSGXUFF, Emtrado. H.D.
BABY'S FACE MASS OF SORES
Who rny.Uttle tintrr wa» four month* old her
c^ii-t-* l*r»nie leJ and luCamed. email pimples
broke out oterber face a'.iJ itwa* one mat* of
«cab«, wtiK'b ilmoat clo#e«l her eyea and re.iched
Into tlie corner* cf her mouth. For M«||
week* it pbydciac utteuded bcr, bat the derived
MfJe or no iwneru from hl» ttcavcient. We
boucbt acak* of CcTirraA 6oAr cad a BBS of
CVTKTiiA tolstrnest). fler face healed. «herrew
i^iLyif^ia. KOSABUnaEll, Solomon, Kaa.
BEGIN WITH THE BLOOD
OtTirrnt Trf.atment beplnt with the blood
osd cri J» wlih the •>. tn , »ealp, and hair. That ■to
«•*■, CtTKTna IttM)LVCXT, the new blood and
•ktn pHrilier and prc»te»t of humor cure*, purities
the ii\<y->t and clrralv.inj; fluid* of Bt v >n r.ri:a«,
and lhii» remove the caxue, while warn bath*
«ftaCCfteCl>A fiOAr »nd ceatle anointing with
ConcOU {>'l&lme!itj, greatett of emollient »k!n
cure*. cU ar.M; the «-!n ar.j *calpo? cra*U aad
»c»lr«, mltay lv !i.i.» . burning, :.jJ InSainmcUon,
• •ooUi« heal, thus coropleUnc the cure.
Bo'J tSiwirSout the world. PoTtri P. » C.Corr, lo'.t
J'iuj.. .U-■i. a. »r " Mow U» Tor* ttrem*," tit*.
rj»nv'f> Cl/IU Bcalt and ri.im Br«ntlftKl by
Dhtii 0 Of.lll Citiccba »o .
the burglar but without avail. Subsequent
developments showed that he and his
companions boarded a freight train short
ly after the commission of the murder,
intending t<i pet out of the county. Not
withstanding thai an excellent descrip
tion of Haywonh was ser.t to every Chief
•if Police in the United States the mur
derer managed to avoid arrest.
About a month ago, after he had about
riven up all hop.- of ever ratchlnir Hay
worth. Sheriff Abbott received word that
his man was in Sacramento. He at onca
communicated with the. San Francisco
police. Informing th^m that Hayworth
was badly wanted and asking them to
send nn efflrrr there to arrest him. De
tective Fitzgerald was dispatched to the
capital city, but by the time he reached
there Hayworth had flown. From .i ]■• -
liable source, however, Fitzgerald learned
that the much-wanted murderer, after
leaving; Sacramento, traveled by easy
stages to this city.
Sheriff Abbott, after satisfying himself
that he was on the track of Hayworth,
also came here. Intending to spare no ef
fort in running the murderer to earth.
Through the Instrumentality of the Ills
sion detective Abbott located Hayworth
!n a gypsy camp on the Ban Bruno road.
He contided to one of the gypsies that he
had murdered a man In Utah and thought
that the police wore on his track. Fitz
gerald and the Utah Sheriff lost no time
in visiting the camp, but wore disappoint
ed in not finding their man. H. had be
come suspicious of the actions of the
gypsy band and skipped out under cover
of darkness.
From another source Fitzgerald learned
that Hayworth was heading for Oregon
and would probably stop at The Dalles.
Satisfied that the Information was eor
r.'Ct Sheriff Abb took the first train for
Oregon. While at The Dalles looking for
the murderer he received a telegram from
Fitzgerald saying that Hayworth was
working in a lumber camp on the Hood
River.
The Sheriff nt ence went to the camp
and. reenpnizlng the man for whom he
had traveled hundreds of miles, started to
place him under arrest. worth
leached for his revolver, but before he
could shoot he was seized and hand
cuffed.
Ahl-ott will leave for Utah to-day ac- !
companied by his prisoner.
Now that Hayworth has been safely I
landed In Jail Sheriff Abbott thinks he
will have little trouble in locating Steph
ens and Reavls. The latter is supposed
to be in this State working as a farm
hand.
For his cleverness In locating the mueh
wanted murderer Detective Fitzgerald
will receive the Sl<*>) reward offered by
the State of Utah for the apprehension of
liny worth.
he is no*- a free man. no longer shadowed
%2SH?S££B£Ti by the fPar of
,, The settlement was brought about at
th- List moment. Until late yesterday
.iftrnjoon the situation mnde the attor
1 RSSn ° f , Ilor J lnl foar the worst, but the
.It!,"" y?1 tf l* >'°unif man and some in
|Js% frlfin<lsf rlfin<ls ra '"«- to his rescue, pledg
l£L£2ft "I 0 ." 1 "" as Payment for the de
uienry in his accounts. The elder Bor
■ , T£ nn o!(1 - tlm(1 resident of Nevada
I fn,fnn /X m<<t man >* of the m ™ who
! n2.n Vfnlu^' !n tho slock market
Profitable employment. Some of the
! money which goes to pay the H7.500 set
ftSSSSTiSWSi" 0111 them; somo froiTi h!s
ss&'suss: rrn from hl3 brother -
As soon as the attorneys representing in
teroMed parties carre to an agreement on
! irTr-.n." 10 " 111 co? f n ry for a settlement
! Vr, ri i?i wa V r Llov??L lov ?? »*>• his custodian, the
detective of the Morse detective agency
: who has dogged his footsteps for a week.
| J-ust nlcht the form, r bank teller was .11
Lfomeln the bosom of his family, the lii<t
j time in several; days. Cold and uncon
* ?»"•"s.?" he , ha w d appeared in his disgrace.
j th* iftlnc of the burden brought. the tv-
I vulFion of emotion, and he gave way to
tears and grief. At the time the settle
ment was being discussed by the law
yers and the papers of release prepared
for signature several other friends of Hor
lini signified their intentions of comlne to
; his assistance. CharUs Ncuman. propr<e
tor Of the RichHleu. offered $0000 to tree
, the young m.-xi. from i-rimnal prosecution
and make good his deficiency.
Whr-re Borllni sp<^nt all his money is
| moro or less of a mystery to his attorney
| .Stephen I'ostello. and to the bank officials'
| who have employed detectives to invest 4
j gate the case. Stocks. nlckel-in-tho-slJt
machines, the expensive life about tovn
| and a lengthy courtship arc regal -is
j the reasons for his defalcation. It is
; known that P.orllni was ever ready to !,. n
, Jiis friends, and several thousand dollars
I haw gone to men who used hta coin when
In need. He still declares that nil he baa
niched from the bank has disappeared
"piece hy piece, lump by lump."
Mrs. rllnl. formerly Miss Olcese of
I Oakland, has left him and still lives with
I her mother. It is not likely that a recon
ciliation will be effected, as neither hus
nand nor wife are anxious for it at pres
ent. Their honeymoon was marred by
mnny quarrels, and the discovery of the
crime was the climax of their brief mari
: tal experience.
YOUNG DESPERADO ARRESTED.
Bert C. Grey in Custody on Suspicion
of Robbing Hotels and Tele
phone Boxes.
Bert C Grey, ■ well-known young des
perado, was arrested yesterday afternoon
nt Hush and Stockton streets by Spccal
Ofllcer M. J. Rlley of the telephone com
pany and locked up In "the tanks" at the
<"lty Prison pending an investigation as to
th* extent of his depredations
1 ;ri > Is suspected by the police of hav
ing stolen numerous articles from different
hotels, and the telephone company has
"vkjenee that he has been robbing tele
phone boxes. He had Implements for that
purpose In his pockets when searched at
the city Prison.
Grey came into prominence two or three
years ngo. when he was arrested along
with two other boys for attempting to
murder and rob Isidore i loulet, an old
man. as he was entering 111 residence.
1..11 Golden Gate avenue. Grey succeeded
In escapting conviction, but was Boon aft
erward in trouble and recently escape.!
from the Jail at Martinez, where he li
wanted. ':.• is looked upon by the police
n« one of the most dangerous crooks In
the community.
» ♦ ■
BROKER ALMOST ASPHYXIATED
"William Ward Found Unconscious in
His Room at the Las Palmas
Hotel.
William Ward, a money broker residing
nt the Ins Palmas Hotel, 1820 Market
street, was found unconscious in his room
yesterday afternoon by the Japanese Ber
vnnt. The window was open and gas was
escaping from a broken pine. it was sur
mised that when Ward retired Wednesday
nißht he was under the influence of liquor.
He had pulled the folding bed from its
usual position and in lowering It had
smashed the gai pipe.
Instead of telephoning at once to the
Receiving Hospital the hotel people sent
for a drugjrlst to give Ward a hypodermic
Injection. In the hope of restoring him to
consciousness. About an hour and a half's
precious time was wanted. At the Receiv
ing Hospital Dr. McGettlgan applied the
usual remedies, but the chance of Ward's
recovery Is doubtful. •
One More Insolvent.
C. C. ifcMahan. clerk. San Francisco
liabilities $7704 75: assets $10«.
■ m ■
Dr.' rarkPi'n Couch Cur*. On* doi>e will step
a cou«h. Never falls. Try it. All dm«nu.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 29, 1899.
SHOT DOWN BY PAID ASSASSINS
Horn Teong, a Hip Sing, Was Killed by Ng Ah Poy, a
Suey Sing, and Rumors of More Serious Highbinder
Trouble Are Rife in the Chinese Quarter*
<? «j? OM TEONG. a member of the
~~| Hip Sing Tong. was shot and
possibly fatally injured by Ng
(^ ,^ Ah Poy. a notorious murderer
and member of the Buey Sing
Tong. at the corner of Sacramento and
Stockton streets last evening. The shoot-
Ing grew out of the highbinder war which
originated in Chieo some time ago, and
which was eventually transferred to
Marysville and later to this city. Other
murders are said to be premeditated by
the Suey Sings, and they openly boast
that another Hip Sing man will die at
their hands within the next twenty-four
hours. Ng Ah Poy escnped after having
finished his bloody work and Is supposed
to have gone to some town in the interior
of the State, probably Marysville or Sac
ramento. The police of both of the latter
towns were notified by telegraph last
night and will arrest the man should be
make his appearance in either of the
towns.
About 9 o'clock last night Horn Teong.
who is employed as a cook in the West
ern Addition, stepped from a car at the
corner of •■■ street where the tragedy
occurred. Scarcely had the car contin
ued on its journey when two hip!il';r!il
ers stepped up the street, and on>? of
them commenced Ing at him. Teong
was standing with his hack toward the
men. who stood some distance apart, and
before he could realize what had hap
pened two bullets had entered li! back
in the region of the kidneys, i-asslng en
tlrelv through his body, As he dropped
to the pavement, Teong turned and rec
ognized both of his assailants as being
members of the Suey Sings. The one
who did the shooting, he claimed, was
PATRONAGE ROW
SETTLED AT A
QUIET CONFAB
Alford Will Get His
Deputyship.
COMPROMISE ANNOUNCED
•
district Attorney-elect Lewis F Byir.R
ton i.hs compromised matters with tti»>
1 Democratic organisation, or. rath«-r. the
i.rR.-tr iz.it ion lias compromised with him,
■ result William H. Alford will
get one of the Assistant District Attor
( neyshlps of wi.ich Mr. Bytaston has the
aL Whether it is Johnny Greaney
or Charlie Wcller who la to suffer i»y the
<!. ;il Mr. Bylngton has not yet deiiik-d.
' but it is .said that WeUer will be the
victim.
Byinßton. Charlie Fay and "Hoot Mon"
ItcNab held yesterday what was to have
been the final conclave. ' Thtfse who are
directly interested expected that after
that meeting the slate would-be quietly
:i;i|i<d off and they would be able to go
home and take a much needed rest before
going to work. Matters, however, were
not settled save In the ease of Alford and
the terms of the compromise by which
Jtyfngton agreed to put him Into office.
One more close session therefore will be
necessary before the personnel of By
; ington's payroll will have been fixed. It
will take place this afternoon and th.- re
suit will be announced probably on Satur
day at the time Mayor Phelan hands' out
his Hrst bunch 'if appointments.
1 Although Bvington will lose either
Greaney or Weller by 'the terms of the
agreement, the compromise counts ' for
I him as. a distinct victory ovcr4he organi
, zation and will, result In a large degree
to hid political prolit.
The organization at lirst demanded of
: Bylng fully two-thirds of- the patron
ace of nil oftlco. Byinfton was left few
! of the seventeen positions' in his ofßce
to which he could -make appointments
! without the consent of cither the Mayor
; or M. Nab. "They demanded of him not
I only the three $3600 deputyshlps, but the
major portion of the Police Court places.
Then liylngton jumped "tile "tVaces, | M.
1 saw that the organization was trying to
force upon him a slate which it had writ
ten more than a year ago and that ho
would derive none of the benefits to ac
crue..-- It- was game he would not. stand
for and he sal.] so when he declined to
appoint 'Alford and Jenks and announced
: he woulfl retain' thoso two positions for
his own uses. :
Tho organization considered Alford so
necee*ary to Its future plans thai it was
willing to make some concessions and
when It got through with Byington ye.s
terday, the coming District Attorney had
twelve of his appointments in his pocket
and the organization had only five. And
against the.no were charged Eugene tteu
prey. Alford and Charles S. ]•■■> rv, who is
to bo chief bond and warrant cleric
• Withstanding: that Welter will likely
be turned down in Alford's favor, it is
understood that the organization yester
day afternoon gave to JSyinirton a guar
antee that his man would be carefully
and profitably taken care of In some other
department. Tho some assurance applies
iCENE OF CHINATOWN'S LATEST HIGHBINDER TRAGEDY
Ng Ah Toy. who shot another hlsh
binder to death in tho Jackson
• r over one year ago, and who Is
wanted t>/ tho police for several other
capital crlmea.
While tho crowd was patherinß, and
most of Horn Teong*s countrymen were
<10.-,-rtinK him when they found him to
have been a victim of an assassin, an un
known, well-dressed whlt«' woman came
upon the scene and. kneeling down, took
ih<- head of the wounded man on her lap.
She held tho tteathi n, wiping the perspira
tion from his fare with a lace-bound
handkerchief until the ambulance came
and bore him away Her name is un
known, but her hum nity was appl
l>> officers and spectators alike.
The crime of (asi ttlght was rommitt.-d
• under the no «• of th<- pollc( S- •
of I'ollre Duk" was in the hot]
Qong, "Ti the corner opposite, and
anotni ■• itroiijiß the street a
short way
Both of the hichblnders rushed up
Stockton i into Clay
street, going in th.- direction of Dupont.
At the corner of <■ iy and Stockton tho
miii won- seen t Mrs. Layious, who
a Jewelry Btora In the vicinity. The
woman sa\s that i ■• : ii were running and
that one of them carried a revolver in his
11.1 1. teotlves McMahon and < I
and Tji«'Utonaut Mar In vs»re Immediately
detailed r>y the Chi : of l'ollct- and worked
until an early hour this morning in an
effort to apprehend the shooter.
Before the Injured man was taken to
the city Receiving Hospital he made ■
■n'tit to tin- effect that he ha '
the vi.tim of mistaken Identity. He said
that h>> had n>n belonged to the i..i> Sings
sine.- ten years ago, at which time- he w.t
a member In laarysville. He believes thai
N'k Ah !'">•. whom he knows to !<•• a hired
•ill thought him to ho a mim
■ l standing and attempted t^
take hi- life,
A: th !'■ ving Hospital he made sub
stantially the same statement and per
sisted that he was not a member of the
■ - supposed to have been Iden
to Greaney if ho. Instead of Weiler, goes
down tho newly grea I < -ran.
Success of a California Artist.
Miss Mary Davlson, who has long been
:z.'d ;.s one of the leading lllus
: . left San Francisco a few months
. the benefit i i ( study in the
broader fields of New York. Miss Davlson
in exquisite drawing of the
sw>-;i American woman, taken
from New York models. This work is con
. by the critics as one of Miss D.'.vi-
Bon't most artistic creations, and its pub
lication Ih anxiously awaited by the many
admirers of her great talent, it will be
duced In an especially selected color,
on extra heavy paper, in next Sunday's
Call, and will make an elegant poster for
wall decoration. You will want It. Do not
miss it!
CALL FOR MONEY TO
SAVE FLOOD WATERS
ASSOCIATION'S PLEA FOR AID
IS PREPARED.
Active Work in Collection of Funds
Begins Next Week and Liberal
Responses Are Expected
From All Sides.
The finance committee of the California
Water and Forest Association will begin
next week to raise the money necessary
for the work of the association, which Is.
primarily,, to save the flood waters' of the
State for ■ us/s In dry seasons. Tho'plan
of procedure has • been finally " adopted.
The finance committee consists of .Tim
othy Hopkins, P. W. Dohrmanr*. M. H. de
Young. P. .N. '.. Llllenthul and Arthur R.
Brlggs. .
The Hnance rommlttr.* and the member
ship committee an- to act together to
some extent, as the membership la looked
a lance sum "f money. l"hs mem
in r^ 1 1 : > ■ cominlttee, beaded i>v Chief Jus
tlc< Beatty, n* I that al
25,000 memoera will be enrolled and i h:it
th" committee wi'.l not stop until that
numbt : has '■•<•. n ached. The mi-mbor
shij) dues of that number would alone
i>r«vi<i.. (75,000, bui the executive oimmit
llevea thai larKe sums ran I" ob>
lamed Crpad capitalist* ami ownen of
.country re.ii estate, banks. Insurance
companies and <.t h( r*.
A special appeal, addressed to the well
to-do has been prepared. It will go out ut
'!• same time the membership commit
tee's request for co-operation .is sent out.
"Your business Is intimately connected
with the irowth . and prosperity of the
State." so reads the address; "Feeling
that you will do your share we write to
ask you for such cash subscriptions as you
feel- able- to- give us. If .you prefer to
make. it In Installments/, extending over
the period of tt-n months, that '• course
would" be equally satisfactory la us. Make
it as large as possible, with "in.' assurance
that the money will be economically ex
pendod—not disbursed for. salaries; or jun
keung trips. You can also assist us great
ly- by Follcitlng your • friends' and- custom
era to become members."
The members of the finance committee
are confident that the appeal will receive
liberal responses, considering the great
importance of the .work to the entire
State. ' •
Useful New Year Presents.
Traveling sets, valises, bags, pocket
billhooks and oardcases are nice
presents fr r either lady or gentleman.
Lettered In gold free of charge wh«n
bought from Sanhorn, Vail & CoT, ;n Har
ki-t .street. Open evenings this week. •
with. Dr. Stevens, after having
examined the wounds, found that the
bullets had entered from behind on each
side ..r ihe body a little below the waist.
When the man was .>■ t rij>T..-< 1 both leaden
missiles f.-ll out of his blouse to the lloor,
having passed entirely through his body.
The kidneys were penetrated, and for a
time the wounds looked serious. I.ate
lasf i.lght. however, the physicians an
nounced that the Chinese would possibly
survive his Injuries.
Detective ItcMabon last nl^ht stated
thai Nk Ah I'oy was the man who killed
• "luir.K Yot D«n in the Jackson-street
Theater over a year aso. After this
crime ho left the rity and bis where
abouts remained a secret until la*: night.
lit- is recognised as a hirM murderer and
a dangerous man. Mis companion's name
was Chin Wing, also a hiKhbindi-r hatrh
ctman.
Chinatown borjimo mad with rxoitemont
after the shontinß. The affair w:s only
the verification of a prediction mad
■ time ago. On the previous nlKht ten ex
; i ra otiif.-rs had been placed in the ('hi
luarter by Sergeant Christl
hut m.'st of th.so had t«* t-ii withdrawn
; Additional bloodshed is likely to ensue at
any moment, and tho trouble has by no
means been settled. Highbinders con
tinue to arrive from neighboring towns
.1! d many of Hum ari- closely watched hv
the officers.
A member of the Hip Sir:sr Tnnp named
Loe «>iik l'"nK claimed thai three mem
bers of the Buey Blngs attempted to kill
him In Sj.offord alley a short while after
the shooting. Pong rushed to Special
niiicHr Duffleld and informed him thai he
was «i>o\it to i"- attacked and r.
protection until he could reach his home
Duffleld returned with the Chinaman to
the place where th.- three highbinders
were supposed to bo In hiding, and in
company with Police oni<*>r Davids
ched the premises. i>'it were unable
to' find any trace of the m<-n.
Horn Teong, the Injured Chinese, died
at 1:30 o'clock this moridnn. Hi.
was removed to tho Uorgue*
ELECTIONS HELD
IN OPEN CAUCUS
OF SUPERVISORS
Finance Committee
Named.
MINORITY MEMBERS IGNORED
The Incoming Board of Supervisors held
an open caucus last night in the board
rooms at the City Hall and elected Super
visor Thomas Jennings chairman of the
Finance Committee and Supervisors
Tobln and (totaling as his coworkers in
that body. Victor Duboee, the nominee of
tho minority, was turned down cold and
got only the three Republican votes. The
creation of the remaining committees was
delegated to Mayor Phelan and he, in
accepting the charge, said he would make
known his selections at the first regular
meeting of the board on January 8.
The little business transacted had been
programmed before the meeting opened
ana went through without bitch. The
board oisplayed a gratifying unanimity
and an enthusiasm which called forth the
heartiest commendation of the Mayor,
who was called upon to open the meet
ing. This lie did with a snort outline of
what the duties of the board under the
charter were to be. In mentioning the
numerous committees, he Bald the License
and Order Committee would have consid
erable work before It, as the charter re
mitted the license now charged upon tho
merchants and a deficiency of $lt«,OOu per
annum would result. He suggested mat
there. were many ways of making that
amount up and even Increasing the rev
enue of the city from licenses and that ft
would devolve upon the committee to de
vise .ways, and means to that end. 11.
also said that a Civil Service Committee
should be created and further that, in his
opinion, every department In the city gov
ernment should be represented by a com
mittee on the Hoard of Supervisors.
* Mayor" Phelan gave way to Dr. d'An
cona, who was elected chairman of the
meeting. James IV Booth "was made tem
porary secretary. Supervisor Tobln sug
gested that the selection of the Finance
Committee be made, IK> placed Thomas
Jennings' name before the board. There
were no other nominations and the secre
tary cast the ballot. Supervisors Hotting
and Tobin were then named. Supervisor
Sanderson nominated Colonel Duboee as
the minority candidate. In doing so he
made a demand for minority recognition
and stated that the charter Use); was
pregnant with the spirit of non-partisan
ship and thai it was the custom of all
legislative bodies to grant the recognition
he demanded. The vote gave Ilotallntr 18
T< i. in 13 and Duboce 3. *
A discussion of committees followed and
in speaking of a committee on Improve*
mer.ts of streets and the water front,
which was suggested by Supervisor
O'Connor.- the Mayor said that the State
at present had control of the harbor
front, but that the merchants had al
ready started a movement looking to the
reinvestment of the city with that" prop
erty. He said It was the policy of the
party to bring that consummation about.
Adjournment was taken to 2 o'clock on
the afternoon of January S.
GAGE HAS DECIDED TO
CALL EXTRA SESSION
Proclamation to Be Issued Early
in January.
Arrangements to Be Perfected To-Day at
a Conference to be Held in
Sacramento.
GOVERNOR GAGE has resolved to
call an extra session of the Lcgls
lature. He was In the city last
Wednesday, and while In town
conferred with politicians of the
Burns and Herrln ' following.
Shortly after his return to the capital
he wired to several men a message re
questing them to meet members of the
Legislature, at Sacramento on December
29. •to discuss men and measures re
specting expenditure on the mother
lode."
it a words "mother lode" In the Gover
nor's telegram probably signify "extra
session of the Legislature." The trustees
and officers of the State Mining Bureau
are not apprised of any immediate de
sign upon the part of the Governor or
the bureau to exploit the mother lode.
Possibly topics connected with mining
may be discussed in a . era! way.
Lieutenant Governor Jacob Neff receiv
ed one of these notices from the Gover
nor, but it did not state where the meet
ing was to take place. On Wednesday
Mr. Neff heard that the Governor was at
the Palace and hurried there to see him.
A long conference ensued, but when seen
later Mr. Neff declined to say what topics
were most discussed, although he admit- :
ted to two members of the Assembly that
the extra session proposition had entered
largely into the conversation. Mr. Neff,
It Is said, will go to Sacramento this I
morning.
The Legislature at the last regular ses
sion placed in the general appropriation
bill, contrary to the constitution, a pro
vision authorizing the Governor to ap
point mining experts to survey the
mother lode, but the legislation has no '
force or effect, because the subject mat
ter was not expressed In the title of the
bill. Furthermore, it was provided that
the Governor should nx the compensa
tion of the experts, and no reference j
: thereto was made In the title.
The Inference can be readily drawn that
the suggestion of mining expenditure! Is
; a clumsy blind to conceal the real de
sign of the proposed conference at Sacra
mento to-day.
The Call's information derived from va
rious sources leads to the belief that the :
proclamation convening the extra session
will be Issued next month. It has been
represented to the Governor that public
i Interests demanded that the Senatorial
question shall be eliminated from State
politics before the agitation begins for
the selection of delegates to the National
Republican Convention. It Is contended
that California will have two State con
vent lons for each political party in the
year 1900. The first Republican conven
tion will probably assemble In May to
elect delegates to the national convention
at Philadelphia. it is also claimed that
candidates for Presidential electors and
members of Congress must be chosen un
der the provisions of the primary elec
tion law, as provision Is made In the Po
litical Code of California for the election
of such officers. A primary election can
not be held under the law before August
2, hence the second Republican State con
vention cannot assemble until the latter
part of August or early in September.
No extra expense, however, will be re
quired, as the primary election must bo
helil on Annum 2 to elect delegate* to a
convention to nominate Judicial officers
and members of the Legislature.
In view of the Impending political agi
tation In April, springing from the crea
1 tion of local conventions, to elect dele
gates to a State convention In May. the
advocates of an extra session contend
that the Governor should either appoint a
Senator or convene the Legislature to
elect one without further delay.
POODLE DOG MEETING
A REGRETTABLE ERROR
County Organization Takes Up the
Question of Patronage in
Executive Session.
A special meeting of the Republican
County Committee was held in the Shiels
building last night. Chairman Alfred Itou
vler presiding for the purpose of r»- -elv
inß the report of the sub-committeo ap
pointed to investigate the conduct of the
recent municipal campaign. The report was
a complete vindication of the party man
agers, so far us their honesty of purpose
was concerned, in connection with the
much-discussed conference in the old Poo
dle Dor restaurant, declaring that that
conference had been arranged only after
deliberate confederation and consultation
with men of the highest standing in the
party. Continuing, the report says:
"It is believed that this unfortunate
affair was a serious mistake on the part
of the management, but that while disas
trous to the interests of the party. If was
committed under circumstances that were
extenuating and which certainly rendered
it pardonable. The meeting in the Poodle
Dog was undoubtedly planned for the pur
pose of trapping prominent representa
tives of the Republican party, and the
scheme was laid by adepts In the art of
political intrigue, who counted, not un
wisely, on the inexperience of those whose
assent was necessary to bring the matter
to a successful culmination."
In conclusion the report recommended
that the management be commended for
the earnest and energy with which It
had conducted the campaign and that the
incident of the conference be considered
closed. The report was adopted without
objection and the committee then went
into executive session. By a vote of 26 to
17 '/.. U. Dodge was invited to attend the
executive session and all future executive
sessions of the committee.
Chairman Alfred Bouvler and Secretary
J. E. Wilson, who had been appointed
a special committee to interview the Re
publican office-holders on the subject of
appointments, reported that Sherir
Lackmanp had agreed to recognize the or
ganization in making his appointments;
that County Clerk Deane was not pre
pared to declare his intentions; that Aud
itor Wells did not contemplate any
changes in his. office force, but would
recognize the organization in the matter
of extra clerk hire, and that J. 11. Scott,
Tax Collector-elect, had signified his in
tention to apportion his appointments as
far as possible among the various districts
without pledging himself to accept the
recommendations of the organization.
Several of the commltteemen announced
that Scott had refused to listen to their
claims, and that he showed an inclina
tion to Ignore .the organisation. It was
finally decided to invite I.ncktnani. Wells.
Deane and Scott to meet with the com
mittee next Tuesday night and Inform It
as to their Intentions. An adjournment
until that date was then taken.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Downing W. Graves from Alice A.
Graves on the ground of extreme cruelty,
and John C. Hayes from Lizzie Hayes
fordcsertlon. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Joseph Ttothkopf against Albert
8. Bi thkopf for cruelty. Theresa S. S!m*
against Edward V Sims for cruelty, and
Manuel D. Rczendes against Maria L.
Rezendes for desertion.
■ m «
Died While Praying.
Miss Julia Cummerford, a seamstress,
aged C 3 years, died yesterday evening at
her home. 71" Natoma street. The lady
had complained of heart trouble for BOOM
time, and last evening was on her knees
saying her prayers with her sister, when
she became seriously ill. and expired a
short time afterward. The cause of death
i* supposed to have been heart disease.
These points no d«->nbf will he ■
■
What adds strength to the statement
that nn extra session la to bo called Is t!:»»
jir.nouncoment that the North Central Im
prov« ment Association of thin city has !■••
celvcd direct information from the »;>••
«-rnor that he will accede to Its rcQUexl
nnd convene the Legislature for the j-ur
pose of making certain ihang*-* in the
existing laws so as to permit of nvinj ex
tensive Improvements on the water front.
Henry P. Sonntajr, one of th«> l«\n'.tnqr
spirits of the association. Is authorit> for
the story. He says that the report rea< !><l
him from a man close to Gage. He will
not fay that the man Is not Henry I*.
Sonntag. and he will not deny th«t the se
cret was let out at a recent conference '»•.<>
had with the Governor. Mr. Sonntag says
that he, personally, has no Interest In tli»»
Senatorial fight, and that his desire to
have an extra session called Is solely fir
the purpose of benefiting the water front.
M l am almost positive that an extra ses
■ton will be called and that the proclama
tion will he Issued early In January."
said Mr. Sonntag last night. "My In
formation comes from a source that i*
close to the Governor, and I believe that
It can be relied upon. The necessity of
Improving the water front will he the
basis for the call. The Governor Is con
vinced that lone action In that direction
Is Imperative and that It will be of benefit
to the whole State. Consequently he feels
that It Is his duty to convene th«* Legisla
ture. 1 do not know what part Hums' In
terests play In the matter l have noth
ing to do with that end of it.
••The expense -«dnn is nn#
of th. causes that has made th<
ling the call It wi
■
I •
more t han I
b> vetoing unn<
■
ant a matt- ■
advancement Is Inv
• md In th'
matt- : • roughly ■ «
it he is now fully ;a
rd with oui
GAGE MAKES DENIAL.
Phelan Says Session Will Be
Called on January 1.
At an open caucus of the Incoming
Board of Supervisors last night Mayor
Phelan, In speaking of certain barber
matters, announced officially that th«
Governor would on the first of the year
call an extra session to open on the <:h
of the month. The Mayor said that' he
had that Information from a source which
he' could not question, nr.i! was so certain
of Its authenticity that li- did not hesitate
to make the official announcement.
The fonowlng telegram from Sacra
mento would indlcato. however, that the
Governor has either turned down the
Mayor's source of Information or In por-
Mstlng In hi? usual platitudinous course.:
SACKAMKNTO. I*t. rs.-ftefrrrlroi tJ a
•tatrmrnt It: thf San Francl.vo P. ■ • th.it
the rail for an extra -.-.■•! of the !.» -r : >: i •
tur» may I- lookrd for within th<" nrxt two
vrrrU*. <;nv*rn<.r Haft »ilil i ■-■!.!,. when
luUt.i rt-.vt it. that the ntatem*nt wu
Without foundation .■:•.■! ahuolutrly unnu
thr.rl/i-.1. .iti. l that hlv rolrvl to-day uron ih»
pr"pr>pttlnn of an txtra >■■■.:; of the Leg
islature U as It was when the ly»Kisla:ur»
adjourn*!.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW YEAR'S GREETING!
BEST TURKEYS
AT THE LOWEST PRICES.
a lbs Granulated Susar $1 M
10 lbs Pack He»t Klour .*. . . »0
3 lbs Currants 23
2 lbs Citron or Mix Peel »
3 lbs Home-made Mince Meat l*»
4 lbs New Ilaljtns :~>
3 lbs Best Dried Peaches M
lib Fancy Mix Cakes W
4 IS -< Fancy Dried Apfles .*J
h lbs Fancy Dried F:k« IS.
Onnd Tomatoes, per can fr<
2 iii.z Ilest Han h Ek*s i*
1 n<iuar« Itent flutter w «■
2 il-.z Cnoklnir !:.:».• X
1 square Cooking Flutter !*>
1 can Bent TaMi» Peaohe* 1".
3 cam nest Sliced TaMe Peaches t»
2 cans Tnrr.atoe* or Peas ...'....;.. U
English Walnuts, per 1b.... l'»
3 It* £eedl<xs ItalHtna - Z\
Currants .in.i RalaiN, per pack 19
Ilest Mix Nuts, per lb U
Cranberries, per quart Ci and ' 13
NEW YEAR'S LIQUOBS.
Best O. P. S. Whiskey, * years old. bottled ex-
prs?»ly for O'Connor itrtxi., per.bot'le. 7>:
per gallon ". |2 .*>
Best Old Crow Whiskey. 8 years old. bottled e»-
prcusly for family use, per-bottl<\ 71c; p«r
>faJI. D .' »2 50
Good Old Bouibon Whiskey. 4 years old
, V?Mo per bottl*
Fln<* «-year-o!d Port or Sherry "Wine, per Bal-
lon. DOc; Bar •::•• ...Jse
122-124 NINTH STREET.
TELEPHONE SOUTH C«.
RrMH"BB TH TOKF.
COUNTRY OBDI SOLICITED.
Dinner Sets
Bargains.
It's Worth Your .
Coming .|tmt to Sec.
Great American Importing Tea Ci
Stores Everywhere,
xoo Stores.
32 1?-MATZ0S
The San Fran. Matn Co.. fa. Tory «n<J
main office at 112'> Howard rt.. telerfc" ll Soot*
467. hamu'ej already. Matzi* «<• ,<r p^unl:
iratco meal. Sc prr pound: RntSM haked with
jkcs. Ijo p«r pound; marrontu 4*V p«f pwm»l
v,* al j! 0 taken at mo FoU<jm *:.. tslepUonw
roisrm 931.
tffi&ntifiFJ /WM STUPES.
dBgmRBMK ■$[!&
fe^fS#?J CHURCH
EM^7EM-J23'B4QM:SSI(2!iSZ