\ oi.lM i: LXXXVH— HO. 4.
BOERS MASS FOR THE
DECISIVE STRUGGLE
Determined to Prevent the Passage of
Tugela River by Their Foes.
British Troops Must Construct a Pontoon Bridge
Under Fire Before the Crossing of the
Stream Can Be Effected.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON, Dec. 4. — There is still a lull in war news. This morning one interesting item is to
the effect that the Boer> ha.i a very bad time at Kimberley on Tuesday. One of their laagers
was captured by Bechnanana land police. Kimberley is now in searchlight communication
pith the relief force at Modder River.
Prom Xatal we hear that on Tuesday the enemy was located at Chievely Station, on the
railway between Frere and Colenso. The general body of Boers fell back on Colejiso and crossed
the river.
It would *eem that the ?reat railway bridge was scientifically destroyed. The Boers are
massed in strength along I on the north of the Tegula River, which they evidently
intend : . ! .it all that it will become necessary to construct a pontoon bridge for
the pa^aqe of the Rriti««h troops This operation, unless the enemy be first dislodged by supe
rior artillery, will ha\;e t«« be performed under tire and in the midst of considerable difficulties.
It n<>w seems probable that General Clery is working around the enemy's flank by way of
- nen, in which case the Roers may be placed in a very awkward position. Two more batteries
of artillery and two more battalions of infantry have reached Durban. General Clery must now
have at . ;.000 men. counting in the Xatal Volunteers. With General White's o;oo this
makes a tots 500 British troops in Xatal.
the western frontier of the Free State General Methuen ha? pot across Modder River
and is sure of assistance from the beleaguered town wherever and whenever he chooses to have a
final battle. General Gatacre has been reinforced, but has not as yet moved further forward. Gen
eral French has reconnoitered along the railway from Xaauwpoort to Rosmead, but without
incident. The Boers have fallen back from Molteno.
The transport Lismore. \v:th artillery on board, has been wrecked. All the men are safe, but
the hordes, and. it is feared, the guns, may be lost.
Two thousand rebel Dutch fanners have joined the Boers in the northeast of Cape Colony.
It is said that young men generally are flocking to the enemy, while their fathers hold on to their
Earn
To-day the first of the militia battalions called up for garrison duty will be embodied and
JOf the week twenty-four battalions will be at their various posts, to be followed by
two others — in all 40.000 officers and men.
- making every allowance for the officers and men who have fallen in battle and for
tv at Pretoria, the British army in South Africa, including all auxiliaries, will com
trength accords very accurately with the estimate of experienced German Dffi-
nen necessary to insure British victory.
LI
*st spot for Enjrllsh readers to-<lay
la the announcement that President
McKlnley hap desipnated the son of
Secretary- Hay to succeed Mr. Macrum in
Pretoria. The Daily Tele/fraph says:
"This appott.tment Is a graceful eonccs-
Finn on the part of the I'nlted States «.icv
enunent to British fcelir.c Our count:;;
m*n's Interest? will be ?afo in the. hands
of ih« new Consul."
South African news Is now six an In
firrrar*. The censorship does r.ot yet per
mit details of the Moddcr River hattl«: to
b* trar.j-mliteid. Some vsjrue t-tatrments
have been published in the Capo Town
p.tpers and. accordlne to these, the Boers
numbered fcWJ men and wer* entrench Cvi
nn both banks of the stream, although
mostly nn the north. -m bank. The Brit
ish, accordlr.g to those accounts, drove
the rriemy across the river, compcllitif;
them to retreat, and established ttu-tn
pelves on both banks. These details, how
ever, are too meager to enable an ac
curate idea of the engagement to be
formed.
A dlßpatch hi.s reached London nn
r.ounclni; that I>ird Methuen Is acain In
the fleld ar.d It Is also said that Count
who was wounded tn the tijjtit
lnc at M'.dder River, was struck In t he
neck by t bullet.
The whole border district between Co!e«
bi:rit and Hurshersdorp. in Cape Colony,
has derlared for the Hoers. In Venttr-
Mad alone more than "''oo have Joined the
rebellion. The farmers have formed a
commanieiir.K o.>mmJtiee and talk conn
dently of a triumphant, march on Cape
Town. General Buller'a proclamation lias
been torn down and trampled upon mid
the loyalists are Mdden to hurry to Cape
T^wn to prepare cnfTee for the rebels.
The offlrial list shows that a rnodlliea
tlon has hern njade in the command or
the Sixth IMvlFlon. Instead of I-lojten
iir.t General Sir Charles Mansfield <"la.ike
The San Francisco Call
th* commander will be Major O*n*r«u
Thomas Kelly-Kenny. Inspector general
of auxiliary forces and recruiting, with
Major General Knox and Major General
Clements .■* brigadier commanders. Gen
eral Kelly-Kenny tea had no South Afri
can experience.
According to a dispatch from letters
Kraal, •••! Tuesday. November 2?. t.ie
Roers were then attempting turning move
ments from Steinsburg and the district
north of Storkstrom In co-operation with
the rebels, by way of ■■ . :-»mr>: and
Tarka*«ta.l. against General Gatacie's
column.
m
BOERS CONCENTRATE
AT TUGELA RIVER
DURBAN, Natal. Nov. 2*.— The Nnf.il
Mercury publishes the following dispatch
from It* correspondent nt Fro re:
"The Borrs have reconccntratod at their
old position near Colenso. hack of Orobe
ler's Kloof, and everything points to a
determined attempt to prevent the Brit
ish crossing the Tugela River. The re
ports of wanton destruction <>( property
by Boer looters are confirmed."
FRERE CAMP. Natal. Nov. ML— The
reronnoit^sance made to-day by General
Hlldyard and Lord Dundonaid In com
mand, the fact of which has already been
cabled, pave an excellent opportunity lor
studying the country. On approaching
<v>lcnj>o the British found on every hand
scenes of devastation that testified to the
thoroughness of Boer looting. The Wil
liams farm and others had been ran
sacked from end to end. In some cases
the contents of every room of the farm
houses had been destroyed. The Boers
had evidently burned what they could
not carry off. The property of the Boars'
commissariat was testified to by the corn
busks that were to be seen about the de
COLENSO AND THE TUGELA RIVER.
Ran the Rn«rs ar* preparing to rive battle to th« British forces advancing to the relief of Ladysmlth.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1899.
1 serted camp fires of the enemy.
The wreck of the armored train still
visible, Showed that a Boer shell had
broken an axle, which had obviously
caused the accident to one car that lay
on its side. The other car was uprlght^d
' but both were completely riddled by the
enemy's bullets and artillery fire. Two
graves near by bore the Inscription "To
j Fallen Soldiers."
The main Boer force Is now gradually
| j?etiins near Chlevely Station.
BRITISH TROOPSHIP
ISMORE GOES ASHORE
LONDON. Pec. 4 -Tho War Offl.-e pab-
Uthrf- the followftiK dispatch from Cape
Town, dated yesterday:
"The transport rstnore is ashoro on the
rorks In St. Helena Bay. T)>.. troopa have
safely landed, t>ut the horsea are -till .'n
board. H. If. s r>..ris and Nlobe, with
the transport «'olumbian. have gone lo
istance.
inel K.>kriwirh reports under date
of Thursday. November M, that the
Br-rhuana pollcf captured th.-> Roer laasjor
f Rlmberley on Tuesday, Novem
ber B. Communication i>y acarchi!s;ht
with Klmberley has he.- n established
Ir^ni Madder Hiver."
DUEL OF ARTILLERY
WAGED NEAR COLENSO
Pp^rial Cable to The Call and 1 the New Tork
Herald. Copyright. IW, by James Gordon
Ij'nn^tt.
LONDON. Dec. 4.-The Dally Telegraph
publishes this dispatch from its special
correspondent:
FRERE. Nov. 2S.— The Earl of Dundon
aid proceeded with the cavalry toward
Colenso this morning- When our men
MARACAIBO
IS TAKEN BY
HERNANDEZ
Insurgents Enter the Vene
zuelan City After a
Long Battle.
CAPTURE f A SLOOP
— * —
Overhauled by Trinidad Customs
Officers, Its Crew Cffers Resist
ance and Esoapes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARACAS. Venezuela, via Haytlen
cable. Dec. 3.— After a fight lasting
sixteen hours th* city of Maracaibo.
capital of the State of Zulia. Is In
the power of. the lUrnandist revolution
ary forces.
PORT OF STAIN Trinidad. Pec. I
Trinidad revenue ottlcers overhauled to
day a Venezuelan slpop. believed to be
a filibustering vessel; near the Island of
Patos. in the Gulf of Paria. There were
five men on beard the sloop, ami when
called upon for the ssp"* papers they had
none to show. Search was made by reve
nue officers, who foiind concealed on the
sloop several rifles .-in l revolvers, all load
ed, apd a quantity oif cartridges.
Captain Pashley. i: char*?? of the reve
nue officer?, seized the sloop and arms
and ammunition and took the latter and
five Venezuelans ashore. The Venezuel
ans attacked the Drttln.sh boatman after
landing. Captain Fashley ran to the
men's rescue, firing his revolver at the
filibusters. The latter returned the rtre
and seriously tvounced Pashley. One of
the boatmen was alst shot, but his wound
is blight.
The Venezuelans recaptured their sloop
and arms and succeeded in escaping.
reached a point 3000 yards away from the
enemy's position the Boers fired at them
with rifles and guns. Our field battery le
plled. but the cneim's guns outranged
ours. The artillery duel continued for
several hours. No casualties occurred on
our side.
The reconnolseance. when completed,
showed that the Boets were In force along
Groblers Kloof to the north of Tugela
River.
Hundreds of Boers, especially men he
longing to General Joubert's column, .ire
111. many have lost their rifles and horses
and have returned afoot. A few more
Boer deserters came in to-day. They say
their mm are tired of the war and are
starving. Morf -r.t:J«s> are being brought
rfi. _-... ..-.-. 
Preparations are proceeding steadily
for our advance on Ladysmlth.
TWELVE BOERS KILLED
IN THE BELMONT FIGHT
rKETORTA. Nov. 2S. via Lourenzo Mnr
oues. per. 3— Commandant Delarey hns
reported to President Kruger that the
burghers, in spiti- of their d^termin.
fensf at Gras Pan on November 2.">. wre
Completely surrounded by the British and
v\ ■r, compelled to retire.
The Boer commander on the Western
border reports thai twelve burghers *■•<■(■
killed and forty wounded In the lishting
at Belmont.
Commandant Dutmol (probably I>utoin
sends the following report to the Council
of War from Klmbertey:
"Early on Saturday the Hritlsh made
■ sorti«-. supported by cannon and max
ims. l"nder COVer "f durkness they ad
vanced in the direction of Rloemhof. Two
hundred burghers encountered them and
I brought up an additional 109. Nine
burghers were killed and seventeen
wounded. The British left two on Ihe
ground, hut an ambulance removed
th- pe."
The Boer laager at IVrderpoort was at
ta< ked last Saturday hv a strong force
of the Natal mounted police. Mr. Bar
nad. a member of the Volksraad, was
killed.
MODDER RIVER BATTLE
DESCRIBED BY RALPH
[Serial Cable to th* N>w York Herald. Copy
right. MB*, by James Gordon H<>nnm. He
publicntlon of this dispatch is prohibited.
All rights reserved In the United States and
Oreat Hrttnln ]
LONDON. Dec. 4 —These advices from
Continued on SWrcnd Pa*:*.
CREWS OF TWO SHIPS
FACE DEATH AT SEA
Peruvian Bark Libertad Founders and
the Schooner Hera Is Burned.
Seamen of the Former Vessel Reach Shore in a
Small Boat When on the Verge of Insanity
From Lack of Food and Water.
.-tv.t-ICTORTA. Dec. .3.— The steamer
\ / Queen City, which arrived from the
/ west coast D»«v Vancouver Island
Queen City, which arrived from the
west coast of Vancouver lslir.d
y this afternoon, brought among her
passengers two emaciated, ship-
wrecked crews Then wsri
tain V. Arena* and nine men of the Peru
vian hark Libert. id. 411 tons, which foun
dered on November ( about sixty miles
oil Cape Cook to the northern extremity
of Vancouver island: Captala J L. War
ron, J. vv. shirk of Seattle, owner and
supercargo, and his daughter Mabel, who
is on the artlclei ai purser, and <igiu in«-n
of the Seattle schooner Hera, which was
burned to the water's edge "fr the Island
coast The men of the l.ibertad suffered
most. The unfortunate eoemop illtan
gathering, made up of Chileans. Peruvi
ans. Portuguese. Hraziiiiins. Oreeki and
Italians, left th<- bark on the morning »(
November 6. The vessel was then rapidly
tilling and it was feared- thai she would a><
d.>wn before they were fr if her vortex
Th.- Ltbertad lefl Ptaagua on August -•.
under charter of Vf, n Grace of San
Francisco, with a cargo of nitrate f,, r t».e
Victoria Chemical Works. All wen! well
until September 27. when In latitude 1ft.40
north, longitude 13V1S she ■prang a leak,
and from that time until she was aban
doned there never was less than a foot of
water in her hold. The weatli.r was very
heavy, high southeast Rales, with a heavy
sea. being encountered constantly. On
November 5 a hurricane blew from the
southeast. Many sails were carrt.'l aw iv
and the water In the hold was Increased
to four feet. The crew were utterly ex
hausted by constant pumping. <>n the
morning of the 6th the cl In plates on the
port side were carried away, and toon
afterward the carpenter came rushlni;
forward and announced that the bark mis
foundering A glance into the hold allowed
the now terrified crew that the water was
rising rapidly and after gathering
a few clothes and tossing a t.at; of
bread into the ships boa', they hurriedly
cut it from the davits, and scrambling
into it abandoned the sinking bark.
In the hurry to get away, so preat war
their terror, they forgot to put fresh wa
ter In the boat. When they le.>. the vessel
she was about sixty miles off Cap.' Cook,
near which place the shipwrecked m»n
landed after an awful struggle with the
ocean, a heavy gale blowing from the
southeast. They were two days In the
open boat, during which timo .ill they bad
to eat was a few pieces of sour bread.
Their tongues were nlmost split with
thirst and one man was almost driven to
madness by drinking from the sea. When
they ultimately jjnt ashore after a hard
struggle through the breakers caused by
the heavy ground swells which always
prevail or. the island coast, they wero
without food, for what they had was lost
In the effort to get ashore. After landing
they abandoned the boat and started out
through the woods in search of settlers.
They were three days climbing over t lie
rocks, wading creeks and cutting their
way through the woods without a bite to
eat before assistance, was found. They
came upon three prospectors on the 11th
and the miners shared their provisions
and clothes with them. Then the DTDS*
pectors started out with them In their
boat for Quatslno, at which place the
steamer called and took them on board.
The crew of the schooner Hera did not
suffer from the lack of food so much M
did the BMn of the Llbertad. but they had
a closer escape from death. It was only
j by running at full spc«-d under all the
canvas they could carry In a storm. In
which at another time they would have
run under closely reefed sails, that they
managed to reach the land in time to es
cape from the burning ship.
The Hera sailed from Seattle on Novem
ber 18, with a full cargo of general mer
chandise for Honolulu. She had on
board 1800 barrels of lime. 750 bales of hay.
considerable bottled beer, two carloads of
tin goods, one carload of canned k.»mJ^,
ten pianos, wheat, etc.
She was in charge of Captain Warren
and carried L.. W. Shirk, part owner. Mi -
Mabel Shirk. I. A. Mclntyre. Mate J. Bu
chanan, Second Officer IX Thompson. S
Oriffln. J. M. Gray. M OBrten. F. Wilke*
and G. Seabert. She sailed out past Flat
tery on the 25th. and on the following
THE SEATTLE SCHOONER HERA.
Sunday -morning: smoke was seen coming
from the lower hold. She had sprung a
leak and the lime had ignited, setting fire
to the cargo. A heavy southeaster was
lashing the seas mountains high and the
vessel was under a close-furled mainsail.
There was nothing but to run for It and
trust to Providence, for none knew
whether it would "be two minutes or two
days before the flames would spring from
the hold. Captain Warren put the Hera
about and endeavored to get into the
straits. The heavy winds, however, car
ried the schooner up the island coast.
None knew the coast, but when off Clayo
qot they saw an opening and ran for it.
They were twenty-five hours in reaching
the land, and that time was one of ter
rible suspense. It was just forty minutes
after they had left the vessel a mile from
the shore that the flames shot out, and In
live minutes the vessel was a sheet of
fire, showing by what a narrow margin
they had escaped.
Miss Shirk, the owner's daughter, the
sailors say. was a heroine. She was on
deck the whole of the trying time, cheer-
Ins the crew. The vessel burned to the
water's edge and sank In fourteen
fathoms of water.
The rescued sailors of the Hera are
endeavoring to find out the Identity of a
three-masted topmast schooner, lumber
laden, which passed out on Sunday morn
ing and which they say ignored the!- sig
nals for assistance. The schooner was
about two and a half miles away, and
although they flew their jack union down,
a red blanket in the main rigging, and a.
red table cloth In the forward rigging, no
attention was paid whatever.
The Hen w t:-- owned by the l^aoonner
Trading Company of Seattle, for whom
she was making her first trip.
A report was nlso brought by the Queen
City th.it the llehthoiise keeper at Cape
Meale toM th>-iu a Me iron ship was
ashore at Village Island. DOi far from
Cape Bealc liehf
SCHOONER EUREKA
WRECKED AT COQUILLE
Crew la Saved, but It is FeareH That
the Vessel Be a Total
Loss.
EMPIRE CITY. Or. Dec. 3-The coaat
PHILIPPINES ARE
OPEN TO CHINESE
Secretary Hay Instructs General
Otis to fldmit All but
Laborers.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— As a result of the protest made to Secretary
Hay by Minister Wu Tin* Fang, the representative of China in Washing
ton. Secretary Hoot has sent Instructions to General Otis to strictly observe
the treaty provisions In force between the Washington nnd Peking Govern
nients. This means that Chinese, with the exception of laborers, will be ad
mitted to the Philippines In the future.
In the Instructions cabled to General Otis he has hren directed to notify
every custom-house officer to be careful in acting upon applications for ad
mission and to strictly carry out the provisions of the treaty regulating Chi
nese Immigration Into the United States.
Minister Wu has been Informed that the regulations Indorsed by General
Otis are simply temporary and for the purpose, of preventing the Introduc
tion of a further hostile element Into the Philippine situation. When the
Insurrection is at an end and peace and order are restored this Government
will take under consideration the question of the Immigration of Chinese
Into the archipelago. Of course, legislation must be enacted 10 determine the
status of the Chinese, particularly of laborers, bur In view of the provisions
of article 1 of the treaty regulating such Immigration, no objection to any
policy It may be determined upon can be made by the Chinese Government.
This article provided that "whenever In the opinion of thedtJovcrnment of
the United States the coming of Chinese laborers to the United State*, or
their residence therein affects or threatens to affect the Interests of that
country, or to endanger the good order of said country or any locality within
the territory thereof, the Government of China agrees that the Government
of the United States may regulate, limit, or suspend such coming or resi
dence, but may not absolutely- nrnhihit it "
PTUCE FIVE CENTS.
ing schooner Eureka, which arrived or
the Coquille River early last weetc, Uy
outside until Thursday, when eh© attempt
ed to sail In. The current was very
strong and carried the vessel north or th-»
bar. where she was forced upon the beach,
Just north of the north Jetty. The crew
reached shore safely. It Is thought that
her cargo of general merchandise will m
saved, but it Is feared the vessel will . j
a total Joss. The storm has abated. The
fleet of vessels that have been "houua
here for fen days will sail to-morrow.
MRS. BARRON
WEDS A DOCTOR
Marriapre That Recalls a
Noted Will Contest.
Special Dispatch to The C*II.
AUBURN Dec. 4.— l^na Jack Barron of
Auburn and Dr. George Washington
Farmer of San Francisco were married
in Sacramento on October 31. The brid«
is the putative Idow o: the late George
E. Barron. son of Millionaire Barret who
died of consumption In San Francisco
some months ago. At that time there was
some «iuestl..n a 9 to whether she was a
legal wife.
Tha celebrated will contest in which «be
figured Is still fresh In the minds of Call
fornians.
Dr ami Mr-* Farmer are «tlll at Ati
burn. but intend r..lru; to
shortly Mrs. Partner own* a large fruit
ranch her>- • . h^r bj ■
liarri.n Just tupfi r.- he ,i:,,l
Jud^e Hackney D^ad
GLOBE. Ariz.. Dec. -J 4 dge A. I!.
Hackney of th« Arizona Silver Beit, on*
of the most widely known newspaper men
In the Southwest. died last night. De
ceased was born In Mercer. Pa.. In IS 15.
resided In St. Louis twenty-five years and
on the frontier In New Mexico and Ari
zona since 1*57.2
BUSY OPENING WEEK
CONFRONTS THE HOUSE
Roberts' Case Will First Be Disposed
of and the Debate on the Finan
cial Bill Begun.
WASHINGTON. Dec. The opening
wcrk t f the session in the House promises
to be crowded with stirring events. Usual
ly no aotual business Is transacted until
«tft<-r the holiday recess. This year It
will be different. At tho very threshold
of tho s-oMon will come the contest over
the admission of lUpres»entatlve-elcct
Robert* oi Utah und later In the week the
iJu-uso will plunge into an important and
l)o«^bly a protracted debate on the tlnaji
dal bUI. which was prepared by the Re
publican leaders la*i t-jinng u.i Atlantic
Oty.
In tl.e Roberts ca*e the Republican
lpjujom ha\«i udoptcd a plan of procedure
which is di-*lgiu-d to prevent Mr. Roberta
takli^r the oath of ouict* until after th«
chiu^tb in connection with his alleged
}•"!> guinous jTuctlct's ha\«- bveii investl
*r.a«*d by v special committee. Mr. Taylor
«.>f *-i!in> will ::...i..- the objection to the
fadnU*Mon of me nnth to Mr. Rol»erts to
inon>>\\ ar.d will «ni-r a resolution trans-
Jc-rrlns his «.aM» tn a hjHxial oommlttee.
Tiif»ro is cnnsid«rat>le scattered objection
to tfcls method »if proct-dure on the ground
that th« refusal vf the Hciis<? to permit
& R*i'M-Mntativ.'-.next bearing creden-
Ual» to bo Wui;; in Up«i;i unproved
charges would cnate v bad precedent and
might result in a chaos at K>mo future
time *lu-n political fecllns ran high. 15ut
llicro arc several precedents lor this
course in the caw of members charged
with dtoloyalty ' after the Wiir. and Uilsc
mill l>o used In eupport of the procedure.
Every tiiem!»or »>x trie House has been
bombarded with petitions in the Roberts
ca*©. and there undoubtedly will be a
lias« majortiy, without n^ard to party
lines, la huppurt of t!>e plan uutllnt-d by
tlie B«. publican leaders.
Owir.g to tli,. iim.- which will be con
eumed In the disposition of the Roberts
eve i. i-morrow tho «!rawlng of seats.
*Ji;ch ÜbU.illy n-.juir«-s several hours,
(<r»bubly will l»- |»Otftponed until Tuesday.
rii.« ani.ounctni.nt of Vice I'resldent
Hooart'B death will l>e made after thi
}lot>frt(- case 1« iilsp(<sed of. and th*
]!"iiM« will adjourn out f r<-.spect to his
ir.imory. Tiie druwlnic of he.its and the
reading of th<« President'! message will
«Ki-upj Tuesday. < •-, Tuesday night the
INpUbljcans w:JI caucus on the Mnanciai
1)111. It is the intention of the Republican
JtucJrn- to give this preference and pa?j
Jt l>eforo the holiday rt-c.-ss. The House
Mill decide. If the present Intention 1 «
rollotc-d. not to wait for the api»o!ntmcnt
of the C ommltt^ on Ranking and Cur
r>ncy, but to bring the bill Into the Houst
forthwith, probably under a special order
Imm the lomjnittee on Rules. The de-
Late ir.ay U-gin on Wodneudav.
FAVOES SEATING ROBERTS.
Ohio Republican Defends the Course
of the Polygamist.
McOONXELLSVILI.E, Ohio. Dec. 3.-
Hon. John <j. Abbott, who represented
this district in the Ohio Senate for fears
tih- a Republican, is home after sprnd'lng a
year In I'tah ns a member of the Ute In
dian^ <.omi»ii!-*icn. lix-Stnator Abbott
t • t '.
"I mm In favor of piving Congressman
Knt.ert». hi« sea!. l.<-< :,,]-, I know him to
i>« m«imily v pun* man. Huberts was a
rneml>. r of the constitutional convention
In 1 tah. whi. h prohibited polygamy In the
Tuture. He was one of tne most active
a.hocntes r.f the atolition «.f polygamy.
He Cid t>< !!.n*. however, that It wouM
not be rlsht for ni.»n who had been led
ijy a wrong r< liclon to take unto thrm
n-lv.ni ft«>v«T«l wive* tii <«m them nil off
f*W one \vh.-:i polycamjr was abohslx .1
3Je believed that tho.«»> who had more
than one wife should care for them as be.
fore and Fustain th.ni In th« relations of
matrimony Into whirh they had entered
Under the circumstances. * I believe this
• ...
■
I i...
!
TO STAMP OUT POLYGAMY.
Proposed Amendment to the Consti
tution of the United States.
WASHINGTON. Dec. will
tvj forever put out of existence In L'tah.
and It will be Impossible for that State
or any other to ■c&ln connive at polyg
amous practice* if an amendment to the
wunstitutlon which will bo ; prupo?ed in
I'oth MoiiM-s nf t .ingress iir the nrst of
l!i« M«*ion is adopted.
The case of Brfctuua H. Roberts has so
thoroughly :.r, . • i \h* conscience of the
• ountty that <;o;:gre« s will not be con
tint with ciirrctiinK the present evil by
deprlMng him of his and I'tah of a
r«i>r«-> mativ j:i iin» Mouse of Represen
tatives, but earnest rffnrts will !>«• made
to pecure \he :uU>ptlon of auch an amend
ment to the constitution as would make
a recurrent f Hubert*' case Impossible
»o li.r.g us the Govrnniont of the Unlie.l
Fi.-iie.« Fhall Ust. M»-n of all parties nnd
from all sections of the country are thor
oughly aroused on the subject, and i.ll
t>.:u Is ii"o-f.*.iry :* for the loader* In boih
Ii "um-s t.» tak.r \\\,' matter up while pub
lic attention is foeu?:rd on Hobertß' case
•tnci th* r.'qulnd amendment to the con
stitution can b* put through with little
dlciculty. i'ndir the constitution of the
Lr.ited States as it at present exlnts. Con-
ETea iuij In no way intcrrere with polye-
Uiny la any Slate« outside of Utah.
DEMOCRATS AT SEA.
Undfdded hs to Their Course in ths
Case of Roberts.
WASHINGTON*. Doc 3.— Considerable
tfllverr^iy of opinion exists among the
democratic members of the House a* to
the b«st policy to be followed by the par
ty ti>-ni'.rrow wlu-n the Republicans ob
jr-ri t<« the administration of the oath of
p:liee to Hcprcttcntative Kobcrts, the M ir
nion in« liitx-r-elcot of ITtan. The Dcmo
rratl hay« not >ct conferred on the mat
ter, but home undirsiandlng may be ar
rl\'«-d at to-morrow niomiui; brforc t.':c
House meets. Some of the leaders believe
that to r« fuse to permit a mt-mber-elect
to be .-worn In will establish a dangerous
precedent and Interfere with his consti
tutional tiphts. They think, therefore, he
thnuld be i>«rmitt«d to take the oath of
o!!W and the matter of hi* ellffiblllty
Ihi n be dtttrmiiicd by a committee of the
Hou*o. ■
This* Is the opinion of Representative
F.ailcy of Tijca«. and It Is said to-night
that he will ask th»t Mr. Roberts bo
twurn In. hut at the same time will de
ciare that this does not commit him to
the rljrht of Mr. Roberts to sit as a mem
ber, other Democrats believe that kb a
matter of policy no objection ehould be
raised to tliH plan of procedure deter
mined on by the Republicans. An objec
tion to the Republican plan of procedure
at this Mage, they assert, will givo the
l:T3pre*Fion to many who do not investi
gate th«« question thoroughly that the
Democrats are in favor of Mr. Roberts*
i;lttlng as a member of the House and
that no attention will be paid to the con
tention that th«" objection wan made on
Constitutional grounds.
Representative Richardson, the lender
of the minority, raid to-nicht that no
plan of action <m the part of the Demo
•rati had been determined on. and h« pre
ferred not to b» quoted as Baying what In
&le opinion they should do.
CLERGYMEN PROTEST.
WASH IN .'.--Ti.e crnaadeln
Pears'
What a luxury
Pears' soap is!
The cheapest soap
in all the world be-
sides.
this city against the seating of Brlgham
H. Roberta as a Representative from
Utah culminated In a largely attended
mass-meeting in the First Congregational
Church this afternoon. As many promi
nent clergymen of Washington as were
in a position to be present occupied seats
on the platform or in the audience. Dr.
JoKiah Strong, president of the League
for Social Service of New York, under
the auspices of which the meeting was
held, presided. Addresses were made by
Rev. Randolph H. McKim. rector of Epi
pluiny Church; Rev. Dr. Frank M. Bris
tol, pastor of the Metropolitan lurch;
Rev. Dr. ri. ..I Newman, First Congrega
tional Church, and M. F. Schroeder of
Salt Lake City. Several Salt Lake City
clergymen were present, including Dr. T.
C. Illff. superintendent of the Methodist
miff-lons in Utah: Rev. C. L. Martin, a
lTesbyterlan of Salt Lake City, and Dr.
Sarah J. Elliott, wno has lived in Utah
as a «l»uconnesß in the Episcopal church
for Mven years. Dr. Illff. as president of
a committee In the Methodist church, was
appointed to oppose the eeating of Mr.
Roberts and to disseminate information
in various parts of the country. He has
.lust compM.-d a tour which Included
most of tho States between Maine and
Florida.
Dr. Strong briefly outlined the object
of the meeting v follow?: "We are here
to protest against the representative of
an alien to civilization taking his peat
in our next Congress. We are met to
l>r<it»-«t against admitting among our law
makers a man who is on acknowledged
lawbreaker. We are Democrats. Repub
licans. Methodists. Presbyterians. Bap
tists, Episcopalians and others, but are
not mot as BUob. We are here to Join
hands in protecting the sanctity of the
home and thus preserving the life of the
nation. We are not here to oppose the
Mormon religion, only so far as the re
ligion of the Mormons affect the politi
cal interest of one of the United States.
We believe It to be necessary to make It
a crime against the United States. In
order to do so we must have an amend
ment to the constitution. This legisla
tion is. in fact, the llrst step."
SENATE FORECAST.
Financial Measure Among the First
To Be Introduced.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— The flr?t week
In the Senate will doubtless be marked by
considerable lethargy as usual, On Mon
day the new Senators' will be sworn In,
but beyond this noil. will be done. The
receipt of the President's message will be
postponed for a day out of respect to the
memory of the late Vice President.
On Tuesday little will be done beyond
the receipt of the message, immediately
after which, according to the present pro
gramme, an adjournment will be had to
giv*< the Republican Senators an oppor
tunity to hold a caucus over the organ
ization of the committees. • Wednesday
and Thursday will be devoted largely to
the Introduction of bills. There probbably
will be no session either Friday or Satur
day.
Among the flwt bills to be Introduced
will l>e the rtnaclal measure prepared by
the Republican members of the Finance
Committee. It will be offered by Senator
Aldri'-h and will be referred to the whole
Finance Committee, including the Demo
cratic members.
Up to d:ite only one Senatorial appoint
ment has been made by any Governor.
This is in the case of Senator Quay, but
if he Is seated there will be an effort to
fill the vacant seats from Utah. California
and Delaware by the same methods.
There Is unusual Interest In Mr. Quay's
cape, and both his friends and opposing
Senators are already working zealously.
Mr. Quay will make no effort to be seated
on Monday.
BRYAN PREDICTS
GREAT GAINS
Says Democracy Will
Win Ohio
ul r>lsp%toh to Th« fall.
VESTo.V Tex.. Dee. Hon. W.
J. Br>-an. who Is hero with ex-Governor
H<K«C on an outing, spoke to-day at some
length of next year's campaign. Mr.
Bryan states that the Democrats will
make great gains next year among large
classes of people.
"These people comprise the wage earn
ers." said he. "This. who have been di
rectly affected by the consolidation of
the great manufacturing concerns of the
country, commonly railed trusts. In this
class Is enumerated day laborers, ofllce
men. drummers, etc. These are the peo
ple who will vote with the Democrats
next year.
■ With a continuation of such an In
crease to our side for the next twelve
months. It will not be a question of
whether or not the Democrats can win.
but how large th«> majority will be. I
have no fear for the outcome. The recent
elections to un unbiased mind plainly In
dicate that the Democrats had the better
of It In nearly all States In which elec
tions were held. In Ohio. Mr. McKlnley's
homo State, Is the Democratic gain more
dearly shown than those anywhere else
except In Maryland and Nebraska. The
vote given Jones was anti-Republican,
and had be not been In the race. It most
umtrcdly » iuld have rone to McLean.
Next year, with th'c present ratio of In
crease. Ohio will go Democratic by a safe
majority.
"The Republicans would like, to cover
m*> with the plory of personally winning
Ibe fU-M In Nebraska. They would If
por-Flble. lead tho people to believe that
th»re was no Issues In this election, and
that I was sn personally magnetic as to
lrud the people to the , Us with noth
ing more than myself as an incentive.
The truth of the matter Is the people of
Nebraska have been awakened. They
realize that it Is tim that a change was
being made In the administration of the
affairs of he Government, and they pro
p&fe to throw off the yok« of ■ flngle
money standard, a militarism and to
check the avarice and greed that has
almost become the objective of that
party. And not only In Nebraska Is that
the case, but I tlr.d from both personal
Investigation and from th' -. who are In
a position to know that the people In
many sections of other States heretofore
strongly Republican have made up their
minds to Join the free silver forces next
year."
BENJAMIN DE COSK
BECOMES A CATHOLIC
NEW YORK. Dee, 3.— Rev. Dr. Benja
min F. ue Costa, who In September last
resigned be rectorship ii the Protestant
Episcopal Church of the St. John the
Evangelist, was to-day received Into the
Roman Catholic church. The ceremony
was strictly private, only a few Catholic
and Protestant friends of Dr. de Costa
being present, but the chapel had been
elaborately decorated with roses and tho
altars were brilliant with many candles.
Dr. de Costa took a prominent part in
the controversy over the ordination of
Dr. Briggs a few months ago.
Dr. de Costa has prepared for publica
tion a statement in Justification of his
course. In wnlch he takes strong grounds
on itf Bible question, holding that the
Roman Catholic church Is the true Bible
church.
Elks Remember Dead.
6TOCKTON. Dec 3.— Stockton Lodge
No. 21S. Benevolent and Protective Order
of Elks, held memorial services to-day at
the Yosrmite 'i neater, whic.i was packed.
Resides tho Elks' memorial services there
was a musical programme. Francis X
Hlrk of Ran Francisco delivered the ora
tion oiid the Rev. Dr. \v. C. Evans of the
Central M. E. Church of this city the
eulogy.
The History of Evans' Alo
Tells the progress of c century. * .
Till: SAJS T FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 4. 1809.
CANAL BILL WILL NOT
PASS AT THIS SESSION
Representative Hepburn Admits That His Meas
ure Is Certain to Be Defeated by the
Opposition.
CALL OFFICE. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Dec L— No action
In the matter of the pledging of Govern
mental aid for the construction of the
Nicaragua!) canal will be taken by Con
during the coming session. It la
t d t>y Representative Hepburn.
irman of the Committee on
and Foreign Commerce, who
held this position in the last House, to
Introduce his hill for the construction of
-al, but he frankly admits that the (
v.is of the measure, as well as the
disinclination of certain members f;tv<>r
il. to act before tho sub
mission Of the report of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, will prevent Its pas-
Admiral Walker, before his de
• . ?-ald that. In
. nion, it v ■ .. I be Impoaalbla for th<)
commlsison to submit a comprehensive
lent of the canal situation before |
i.. Xt Dccci hoped that ;
the commla «ay clear |
to the submission <>f a preliminary state
ment, J>ut this was not propoaeti at the
; irture. In addition, any
to press the canal measure during ;
lion will meet the strenu- |
Panama Canal Com
probably the Maritime ■
• \ orlng
to obtain from Nicaragua an extension of
•
' th^ State Department |
retary Hay r.
reel protesi from the Marl
• against the action
BOERS iSS
FOR A FINAL
STRUGGLE
laaad from First Par*.
Its special correspondent are published In
ally Mall:
BELMONT. Nov. 2S.— Lord Methuen"s
fought a blp engaj?emcnt at Mod
der Hiver tn-,lay with the Burrs. The
■ numbered at least SOOO. having
been : from the force Investing
Klmberley. our men found them v«.ry
strongly intr«-:.rliou on both banks of the
river and also In the broad bed of the
Bk They were especially strong on
trthcrn bank) which being heavily
lined with thick mimosa bushts. formed
an ldt-iil position for the Boers, w'io had
In possession of it for several weeks
: and had been busily preparing for to
•:le.
The fighting was simply terrific, being
especially hard in the afternoon. Our men,
however, although Inferior In number,
showed magnificent gallantry and drove
the enemy out of his position on the south
side of the river and forced him across
the stream. Then they cleared him from,
the other Bide until he was driven off in
full retreat. This is an enormous gain
and opens the road to Kimberley. Gen
eral Methuen now has a large fore© and
is established across the river.
JULIAN RALPH.
TRANSPORT BAVARIAN
ARRIVES AT CAPE TOWN
CAPE TOWN, Nov. M— The troopship
Bavarian, from Queenstown, November
!", with Colonel Ivor Herbert, assistant
adjutant general for the home district
and forelsn military attaches, together
with the Connauplu RanKers. the First
Hattallon of the Royal Dublin Fuslleers
and a contingent if niisrtllaneous troops,
more than 2000 men. arrived here to
day. Colonel Herbert and the military
attaches Immediately landed and the Ba
varian proceeded with the troops, pre
sumably to Durban.
GENERAL UPRISING
OF THE CAPE DUTCH
NEW TORK. P'f. Sun has tho
followlnr from Cape Town: Fujfltlvi-s
who h.ivf arrived )<>*ro report that the
fflstriel between Colesberg and Bur
ghersdorp. Cape Colony, have practically
pone over to the enemy. Twenty-flvo
State Roers were able to take the
town of Vf uterstad. disloyal Dutch heart
ily welcomine them. It is estimated over
2000 men at Veuterstad Joined the enemy.
The principal farmers have formed ■
commandcrins committee. The loyalists
■ (.ecu expelled an.l told to ro to Cape
Town ad prepare coffee f<>r Hoer hosts.
What scanty frcph Information concern
ing the war ha* come through Is six days'
DEATH OF A MAN
WITHOUT AN ENEMY
Passiog of John J. F^ecd Mourned
by Every Piorjeer of Marin
CouQty.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 3.— The death of
v John J. Eta the founder of Reeda
I station, and the second oldest Native"
Son In the State, is sincerely mourn
ed by every old pioneer of Marln County,
a large body of whom will attend to
morrow the last services marking the
passing of the man that "didn't know
what It meant to have a (■"••. "
Re<d's father camp to Yerba Buena in
a whaling vessel in 1*22 and married into
the Sanchez family, that celebrated Span
ish family closely allied to the Vnlvncias.
John J. Reed was born at the l*r«.sidi'> on
July li', USJ7, and was brought to Matin
County when only a month old. His
father was riven charge of the old Mis
sion San Rafael, and for that reason re
ceived one of the largest grants of land
ever Issued to a resident of Marin County
by the Mexican Government— over 2000
acres.
When the father died all this land was
bequeathed to his son. The most of it is
rich farming and grazing country lying
between Hilaritn and Reeds station. Reed
later acquired ■ gocd deal of land In the
vicinity of Mill Valley, which of late
yeiirs i.a* been used principally for cattle
raising'. A few days prior to his decease
Reed sent for City Attorney Boyd and ex
ecuted a deed of gift In favor of his son
and his wife. Carlotta. by which they
were given possession of 1320 acres of rich
dairy land, valued at JiriO.OOO. A day later
the old man came to the conclusion that
the end was near and again Bent for
Uoyd. this time executing a deed of gift
in favor of his daughter, Clotilda Joseph
ine Reed, for EM acres of land, worth
JGO.OOO. The remainder of the vast estate
Is posed of by will, tho terms of which
will not become public property until iho
Instrument Is filed for probate next Tues
day. t
Stephen Richardson, the oldest Native
Bon In California, waa a boon companion
.of Reed, mid the two were frequently Been
of the Xloarapuan Canal Company in
ing its concession forfeited ami In
granting: a new concession to the Eyre-
Cragln syndicate. The department de
■ to interfere In the controversy be
tween the two American companies, but
simply forwarded the pvoti it to Minister
Merrr, with instruct!' ni to present it to
rhe Nlcarapuan Government. The refusal
of the Nicnraguan Government to extend
the Maritime Company's concession foi
lowed.
So far as the concession granted to the
Kyre-< "ragln syndicate is concerned,
Nicaragua is known to be quite willing
to make an arrangement with the syndi
cate abrogating the concession, provided
the I'nlted States undertakes to build
the canal. Nicaragua would like the canal
built by the -unerican Government, agree
ing with Costa Rlci In this r. spect, but
until the I'nli. . .pins the con
struction of the waterway, she fe.Ms that
in her own Interest it Is advisable for her
to enter Into contract with any reliable
American company which may be aMe
to ral.se funds to perform the work.
Should the Init^d States enact a law un
der which It will build tho canal, Nica
ragua stands ready— And this Government
so understands— to give It authority or
to make necessary arrangements herself
to cancel the concession gTanted to the
Eyre Cragln syndicate.
DE LESSEPS ROUTE BEST.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. 1599, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Dec. 3.— The committee formed
old. but one point Is distinctly accentu
ated: The correspondents at Cape Town
and elsewhere have ho<»n allowed to ca
ble In much more distinct terms with re-
I ird to tho disaffection of tho Cape
Dutch.
Tfc^re has for a long time been little
doubt of It. but now it i» perfectly evi
dent the greater part of the colony Is un
dlsgtllsedly hostile, and that many Dutch
actually Joined the commandos which
• 1 Orange River, while the rest are
only loyal owing to their doubts where the
victory finally will be, fearing confisca
tion of their arms by the British.
Thus General Gat acre, with his force
ar.d constant reinforcements. Is doing po
llco duty and polltKal u^rk when his
men are much needed elsewhere. This
force probably must be satisfied to do
little cisc until the relief of l^adysmlth
pets free General Clcry's column, though
they may find opportunity for small en
amcementa If certain of victory', as a re
might prove a signal for an up
rising of half of tho colony.
HOUSEHOLD CAVALRY
STARTS FOR THE FRONT
NEW YORK. Dec. The Journal has
the following from London, timed 4 a. m. :
In the dead of night the flower of the
British army has Just ridden through the
streets of London' to embark for Africa.
Dozens of regiments have gone before,
but still more men are required to over
whelm the stubborn lighting Boers, bo
the War Otllce has sent out England's
pride— what Is known as the Household
Cavalry-
These troops are called out only on
what may be called emergency cam
paigns. Their foreign service Includes
Dettingen. the SpanisTl peninsula, Water
loo and Egypt In I^2, their last call
abroad being for Tel- El Keb'r. It Is
these men. the Queen's Own Guards, that
started early this morning. All could not
go. so a special regiment of picked men
from the First Life and Second Life
Guards and the Royal House Guards was
made up, 700 strong, commanded by Col
onel Neeld. _
MAY HAVE BEEN DITCHED
BY BOER SYMPATHIZERS
<HTCAOO, Dr<\ 3.— A train of fourteen
refrigerator carF of salt pork Intended for
rltlsh arn.y In South Africa was
vre<-);-,l on the Chicago and Northwest
ern near Kenlivorth, 111., to-day. The
cars were com] ietely demolished, but it
Is believed the greater part of the meat
will be saved. A serious delay In ship
ment, howewr. will result. The wreck Is
supposed to have been caused by a brok
en journal. It Is Bald that the journal
lih.l I tampered with at Milwaukee by
over-z^.ilous Boer sympathizers, but tius
Is scouted by thf road ofllclals.
CANADIAN TROOPS LAND.
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 3.— The Canadian
contingent of troops for service In South
Africa landed to-day and were given an
enthusiastic reception. They were greet
ed with continuous cheers and the hearti
est welcome.
Boilermakers May Strike.
OMAHA, Nebr., Dec. John McNclll.
grand president of the Boll"- makers'
union. Is In the city to Interview the oftl
elals of the Union Pacific ranroad in the
attempt to effect a settlement of the dif
ferences which caused a strike In the
Cheyenne, shops a month ngo. He says
that unless the matter li fixed up soon he
will call out every boilcrma er on the
Union Pacific.
JOHN J. REED.
together discussing the history of the
State and the stirring Incidents In which
nnrt? W Spanish ratnflle* play...! leading
parts, Richardson's mother was a dauirli
t-1 >d fnaslo Martinez, the post com
mnmTor at the Presidio In the early > .-. -
iif? f.f .i Un \\ , 8 wlfo waa ■ playmate of Mrs.
n.<a Both men were members of Mount
ramalpais. Parlor No. M. Native Sons of
toe Qplden Went. Thou Reed Joined the
organization only eleht years ago. Ho
£?n t 11 * Ias °n ; >"-i an Odd Fellow and
*111 bo buried under Masonic auspices.
by the Panama Canal Company has Just
published a report on the visit made by
the delegates of the company to the
isthmus, where they inspected the works
and studied the best way to finish the
work begun. The report makes full com
parison between the Panama and Nicara
gua routes, and says:
"The Nicaragua canal would pass right
through the volcanic district. Earth
quakes are frequent In the neighborhood
and have several times destroyed the
cltiea of Leon and Grenada. The pro
jected Nicaragua route coincides with
the line cf the transversal fracture par
ticularly liable to such visitations."
The report says the work and material
handed over by the Panama company Is
in a good state of preservation. The
plans which have been adopted Involve
the removal of about 24.700,0uQ cubic me
tres of earth, for the whole cutting of
which 11,200.000 are necessitated by Cu
lebra Mountain. There are now HOI men
on the works. In the first year of active
work the number will have to be raised
to 5000. and there will be as many as 10,
000 at the time of maximum activity. The
number of men engaged must average
12,000 during a period of ten years as
signed for the complete excavation of the
work.
Following is a summary of the ex
- f^timated by the company for the
execution of the plan:
For work of cutting, 242.000.w0 francs:
work on locks, 157.00fi.000 francs general
total of expenses, 512.000.000 francs.
SENT A THOUSAND
WORDS A MINUTE
Successful Test of the
New Telegraphy.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 3.— A successful test
was made to-night of the Pollak-Vlrac
system of rapid automatic telegraphing
between this city and Chicago. The dis
patches w.-re Hfiu from th<» World office,
via Plttsburg and Fort Wayne, to the
Tribune office In Chicago. Joseph Vlrag
one of the Inventors, handled the New
1 ork key. Althougn the wtre9 were not
In perfect wording order, he managed to
send four messages at the rate of about
I► ■ words a minute. It took onJy two
seconds to send the following:
"Editorial Rooms. World, to the Tri
bune, Chicago: We have One weatner In
New York. How is ii in chica«o?
"WOKIJV
The message was repeated back on an
ordinary Morse Instrument, with the re
ply:
"Editorial Rooms, Tribune. Chicago, to
world. New York: It Is snowing In Chi
cago, but It Is pleas-ant Chicago snow
"TRIBUNE."
L. O. McFherson. representing the
Guardian 1 rust Company of Chicago
which is promoting the jnventlon in the
United States, watcned the test at this
end. A second long distance teet will be
made next week when Anton Pollak ar
rives from thf West
START OF
THE SIX-DAY
CYCLE RACE
Thirty-Eight Crack Riders
Entered for the Long,
Hard Grind.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.-Another Blx-dny
bicycle race was started at 12 o'clock to
night at Madison Square Garden. Thirty
eight men lined up for the opening pistol,
which was tired by James J. Jeffries, the
pugilist The first relay of eighteen men
r. -lo for ten laps. Positions were ue«-ur?d
by lot, each man being warned that lie
must not attempt to gain a lap on ac
count of his temporary advantage until
Biter the first mile. The Btart was wit
nessed by about MOO people. The thirty
flKht men are divided Into nlneuen
teams, as follows:
Louis Gimm of Plttsburg and Burns
Pierce of Boston.
Alf Beake and Harley Davidson of To
rontn.
Jean Fischer and M. Chevalier of Pails
Oscar Aronson of Sweden and George
Kramer of Chicago.
Marlus Theand and M. Pastacie of Mar
seilles, France.
Fred Schlneer and Fred Foster of
.New York.
Karl D. Stevens of Buffalo and Charles
Turvlllo of Philadelphia.
The "unpaced champions." Otto Maya
of Brie, Pa., and Archie McEachern of
Toronto, Canada.
"The Indoor kings." Jay Eaton of Eliz
abeth, N. J., and Robert WaJthour of At
lanta, Ga. |
Edward Thomas of Reading:. Pa., and
W. E. Dlckerson of Beaver Meadow Pa.
C. V. Bal>cock of New York and \V. C.
Stlmson of Boston
Robert Miller of New York and A B.
Stone of Denver.
K. S. Ireland and John Ruol of Newark.
Adolph Michaels and Steve Fallon of
New Jersey.
Erhlle Rlverre of New York and W. A.
Brown of Brooklyn.
B. O. Peabody of Lynn, Mass., and A. J.
Pal tier of New York.
Andrew Johnson and Normon Corneau
of Brooklyn.
Charles W. Miller of Chicago and Frank
Waller of New York.
Oscar Julius and Gus Lawßon of Swe
ll, i.
The four last named were In the recent
Kansas City -IS-hour race.
Th«; thirty-eight riders were on the
track for several hours before the start.
They did pome fast riding.
The -present race is radically different
from former ' Six-day contests, because of
the law passed at the last session of the
Legislature prohibiting: continuous «jlx
day races. Each rider in this race will
be well up to 3000 miles.
Individual prizes amount to $1200. the first
which will go to the winning team. The
It dividual prize amount to $1200. the*flrst
rider to Ret S.VW. The race is under the
management of tho American Cycling
Kuclng Association.
Miller led at the first mile, ho having
been given first place by virtue of his
rank as champion. After the first mile
there was a terrinc sprint. The score at
1 o clock was:
C. W. Miller. Pierce. Chevalier. Forster.
Turvllle. Maya. Walthour. Dlckerson
Baocock and Robert Miller, each 23 miles
5 laps: Reake and Julius, each 23 miles 4
laps: Peabody. Pastacre. Michaels. 22
mllw 3 laps; Rlvlerre. 22 miles 1 lap: Ar
onson. 21 miles 3 laps; Ruell. 21 miles 2
laps: Comeau, 20 miles 8 laps.
Aronson was the first man to leave the
track.. He went off after making 21 miles
3 laps, and his place was taken by his
partner, Georce Creamer.
Jones in Jail.
SAN RAFAEL.- Dec. 3.-Geor*e Jones,
who was arrested in San Francisco for
embezzling about $40 from Wheeler Mar
tin of Mill Valley, was placed in Jail here
to-day. He promises to secure the mon«v
and make good the deficit in his accounts
to-morrow. if h.. makes good his word,
he will be released. '
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure,
K. W. On»v«ra •lxoatur* la on each bg*. 330^
LONG RECOMMENDS THE
BUILDING OF NEW SHIPS
In His Annual Report the Secretary
Points Out Ways of Improving
the Service.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.-The annual re
port Of St cretary of the Navy
which has just been made publli\ r
raeadi ti.at Congrwi be raqtMsMd tr au
thorize the construction of the following
vessels:
First— Three armored crullers of about
13,0u0 tons trial displacement, of a maxi
mum draught at deep load not to exceed
26 feet, carrying the heaviest armor an<l
most powerful ordnance for vessels of
their class, to be sheathed and coppered
and to have the highest practicable speed
and great radius of action.
Second— Twelve gunboats of about 900
tons trial displacement, to bo sheathed
and coppered.
Third— Three protected cruisers of about
SOOO tons trial displacement, earning the
most powerful ordnance for vessels of
their class, to be Hheathed and coppered,
and to have the highest practicable speed
and great radius of action.
The increase In the tonnage of the last
three named \essels from 6000 tons, as
recommended v year ago, to SiwO tons Is
suggested by the Naval Board on Con
struction aa better adapted to the present
needs of the service. The same board Is
also of the opinion that if any of the fort
going vessels are authorized, the law
should provide that In case satisfactory
bids cannot be obtained for tholr con
struction by contract, the department
shall have authority to construct the
same in the navy yards.
In the opinion of the department, the re
port continues, it would be In tl
of good business organization an<l econ
omy to consolidate the three Bureaus of
trUCtlon and Repair, Steam
. , iipmeiu undti
Each of these bureaus has now. durrg
the construction of naval vessels, it ,
iir.tt" inspectors at each yard. A consoli
dated bureau could, of course, be run
much cheaper than three bureaus and a
tjr*.-a.t savinti nia'ie by a reduction of Ihe
now three separate working forces, both
clerical and mechanical. y In
navy yards. Fewer naval ottii-ert* would
be needed, as there would be but one
staff Instead of three, so that more offi
cers would be available for other duty.
Attention Is invited to the recommenda
tion of the Chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks that the grade of assistant
civil engineer be established in addition
to that of civil engineer, and that the
number of officers In the corps of Civil
Engineers be Increased to thirty. At pres
ent the corps Is composed of twenty-one
officers, all of the grade of civil engineer.
This number is not sufficient for the
proper conduct of the work of designing,
building and maintaining the public works
of the navy. There are at present four
graving docks of the largest size and one
steel dock under construction, and others
may bo authorized. Many new buildings
aru lao in process or contemplation of
construction at the various navy-yards,
and a number of new yard* established in
our recently ilred possessions de
mand the attention of a civil engineer.
The duties devolving upon the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, therefore, have been
greatly Increased, and a larger staff of
civil engineers Is necessary If a proper
supervision Is to be maintained over the
Important Improvements, which require
careful watching while In progress and
constant attention after completion.
Several of the foreign built vessels that
were bought by the department during
the Spanish-American war were after
ward offered for sale, as provided by
law, and bid upon, but were subsequently
withdrawn from sale, owing to the fact
that the Treasury Department, acting In
accordance with an opinion of the Attor
ney General, refused, although the bid
ders were American citizens, to grant reg
istry in such cases on the ground that
the statutes governing such matters ex
cluded them trom the privileges granted
to vessels of domestic build.
Therefore, In order that purchasers of
vessels of the kind referred to may be
given the benefits of the shipping laws.
It la necessary that Congress, if it ap
proves of such action, enact a measure
providing that nil vessels hereafter
bought by American citizens from the
Government, no matter where built or
how procured by It, shall be entitled by
virtue of such purchase to all the rights
and privileges allowed by law to vessels
built In the United States.
The department submitted a bill to the
last Congress for the organization of a
national naval reserve, which It is hoped
will be enacted Into law during the com
ing session. The navy afloat has In
creased to such an extent as to make it of
great importance that there should be a
reserve upon which to call in time of war.
The officer in charge of the naval militia
In his annual reports makes certain rec
ommendations in this connection, to
which attention Is Invited. It Is deemed
to lie very important that % h a reserve,
representing the whole country and re
lated directly to the national naval es
tabllsment. snould be fostered and made
ready for call.
The department approves the recom
mendation of the Burgeon general that
provision be made to transfer the eighteen
or nineteen volunteer assistant surgeons
who served during the Spanish war and
are still In the service, to the regular
navy, without limitation as to age. This
Increase In the medical corps is made nec
essary by reason of the large increase in
the number of enlisted men In the navy
and marine corps, made at the last ses
sion of Congress, and the establishment
of new hospitals in the recently acquired
possessions.
Attention Is called to the recommenda
tion of the chief of the Hureau of Equ'n
ment and the hydrographer of that nu
reau that the Hydrographlc Office be au
thorized by Congress to construct charts
of our own coast on the Mercator pro
jection. Under the law. as at present
the work of charting the coasts and wa
ters of the United States Is performed by
the Coast and Geodetic Survey of the
Treasury Department. The department
believes that the work of charting the
wa'ers of the United States should proo
erlv be done by the Hvdrographlc Office
of the Navy Department.
The report declares that th© most Im
portant question pertaining to naval con
struction at the present time and one
that demands prompt attention Is that
of the armor for vessels now building
and for others authorized hut not yet
contracted for on account of the provisfjn
In the act of March 3. 1599, prohibiting
the department from contracting for the
vessels therein authorized until contract
has been made for the armor therefor
within $300 a ton. The price fixed Is one
for which even Inferior armor can not
be obtained and the department has
therefore been unable to Invite prop^als
for the three battleships and the thr»C
armored cruisers authorized by the act
of March 3, IS9O.
It is urgently recommended that n the
early days of Its next session Congress
enact such special legislation, by Joint
resolution or otherwise, as may be ne
cessary to enable the department to make
contract! tarty In the coming year for
730S tons of armor of the best qunUty
that can be obtained in this country f>r
the Maine. Ohio, nnd Missouri, and th»t
the provision of the act of March 3. ISM.
limiting the price of armor to $.- - per
ton .and the. restriction preventing the
armored vessels therein authorized from
being contracted for until the armor
therefor Is contracted for be removed.
Regarding reward of officers the report
says:
The department renews Its recommendations
of hint year for a change In the present law for
rewarding* officer* for conspicuous conduct In
battle and for extraordinary heroism. The In
justice of the present sytitem Is apparent. The
promotion of an officer over the heads of other
officers operates as a reduction of the latter
In rank and also delays them In securing the
lncrea»ed pay which accompanies regular rise
In nt-ad^. In other words, the promotion Is
made not at the expense of the Government,
which should hear It. .but at the expense .if the
unfortunate officer* who are overslaughed and
who are thus punished, although faithful to
every duty and only unfortunate In lacking the
opportunity for conspicuous conduct or heroism.
The spirit of the navy Is so good that I am
sure this la painful to the officer promoted as
well a* the officer reduced. The department
therefore again urges that legislation be enact
ed providing that advancement In rank for
services " rendered during the war with Spain
shall not Interfere with the regular promotion
of officers otherwise entitled to promotion, and
that officers *o. advanced to hicher Km by
reason of war service shall be carried as addi
tional to the numbers In each grnd<» to which
they have been promoted. The department sub
mltted to Congress at Its last session a bill
substantially to this effect, which Is printed as
Senato bill No. 6006. and to which attention Is
invited.
While, those engaged in the battle of Manila
fear* been dascrvedijr rewarded— and no cea
ever deserved reward more richly— those who took
part in the operations at displaying
the same conspicuous conduct and • v.ra.. r'..
nary heroism, have received no recognition
whatever for their great service* except the
recommendations lor promotion by the I«resf
dent, which have lapsed, not having been acted
upon by the Senate.
The department believes It due to these tat
lant men to suggest to you that their services
be recognized and equal Justice done them, and
that. in accordance with the statute In such
cases made and provided, you recommend that
the thanks of Congress be given to the com
mander-ln-chlef of the North Atlantic squad
ron and to the officers an 1 men under h!a com
mand, as they were given in the case of th«
commander-ln-chlef and officers a:. men of th>
Asiatic squadron. The North Atlantic squad
ron was charged with great and exacting du
ties. Including the blockade of Cuba, co-opera
tion with the army, and the pursuit. blockade
nr.l capture or destruction of the Ppanlan
c<iundron under Admiral Cervera. all of which
It discharged with signal efficiency. It wu .1
campaign of great scope and enormous respons
ibilities, and was brought .to a successful an)
glorious consummation, which terminated the
war by the destruction of the Spanish •«•
power. It was marked by unsurpassed preci
sion, brilliancy and vigor. That the men who
by such achievements earned their country*
tr.uifi !•• have received no reward from its
Government Is an omission which It cannot be
doubted will be cordially and generously re
paired.
If reward by the present system of promotion
Is abandoned, us above suggested, the depart
ment renewa U» BUSK«stI->n nnbodi**! to B<nat^
bill £005, Introduced at the last session of Con
gress, which provide* for medals of three
classes one for conspicuous conduct In war.
one for extraordinary heroism and one for gen
eral meritorious service— the first to carry with
It a percentage of Increase of pay. based upon
the rank of the recipient and calculated to [.v*
the piure of the Increase which would be the
result of promotion were that form of rn»trl
continued. It li believed that such a medal,
worn during life and transmitted a« an Inherit
ance, will be far more grateful to a deserving
officer than a promotion In rank at the expense
of a comrade.
Regarding the Mare Island navy-yard,
the report says:
The Importance of rhe Mare Island Navy
yard has been greatly Increased by our recent
acquisitions In the Pac!9c Ocean.
The principal Items of expenditure here dur
ing the pas: year have been for re
i .Urine the damages due to th*
earthquake. Of the V '•'■ ' I appropr!*t!?'j
for thta purpoae. ;H5.t.-.i was «rent during th*
|j.«t nural year. Oth»r Improvements have
Included coal cylln !-rs and coal-handllnx
plants. <ttoraice shed for lumber, plumbers'.'
tinner-- and paint shop, shelter roof for boats,
wharf for the receiving ship, extenalon of elec
tric *y»terr. an 1 a \: .:!:!-. ■•.-• .ml drying-room.
Provision has been made In the apDroptia
tlonn for the current fiscal year for the further
extension of th* quay wall, the extension and
rrn«wal of th* railroad facilities, an additional
storehouse for suppllea and accounts, for new
shops for the Bureaus of Construction a- 1
Repair*. Steam Engineering and Equipment,
for dredging the channel and anchorage
ground, for grading, for moving back the ferry
• lip. for a storehouse for equipment material*
and * number of other mln«r matters.
Highland Light Needs Repairs.
PORT TOWNBBNTJ I -The bir«
Highland Light, which arrived her
n long and tempesti: m Pan
Francisco to Cape Flattery, will b^ placed
on the Ksqulmalt dry doc ■' - ■ >\r*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jn All diseases and weakness 4}
J-J of men permanently cured. €>
J2 The Price may u « deposited In A
9 any S. F. bank, to be paid only Z
&> when patients are well, or Z
© payments may be made &
ii monthly. No minerals or S
5? other dangerous remedies ever <£
55 used. All medicines /^, a*
1 S^^\. »fcsrtr*§r ftoHk'wl 8
■bV^sw^# t)ur home cure system p
Wr*&s^r~^^ has been a success for A
KS~ * many years. If you Q
<2> cannot call, write for private rt
c book for men, diagnosis sheet. 2
X advice, terms, etc.. all free. i»
y No charge for consultation. m
2 DR. MEYERS CO. •
g 731 M srktt Strut, S.T. V
X Fl*vator entrance. Hour* — to X
y 6 ally. 7 to 1 evenings; 9 to 11 V
■ iA*-i_-/!' E. Bi^ wßr^ 2|
sgsy^SsQ^-^. Ido not believe thero
/" ftBEwK " * ca?e of djspep-
/&2tSgg£&&&lz]L a**a '** indigestion or
JjJjr "^xtsL anr stomach tronbl?
iwC Mthat cannot be re-
w« «■»-»- Vf lirve.l at once en 1
vw *^^"if*s?ix pprrr.in» Mir cured
V TTW b>.L:;. dyspepsia
,-Aj^^j 11 '" }\, At si' drujrsirts,
'c^i'^i^re&VV^ 25c. • vial. Guide
• \n to Ilealth nnd medl-
1 I V cal ad rice free I.'mXJ
' . Arch street. Pbila.
6vi9tr OR JORDAN'S cheat i
SmUSEOH OF ANATOMY^
A £} vn lain: sr. t*. c±t:±, z.t.z-jl i
\ rjr The Lit-<: Anatomical Mums la the \
A «***?** Wow.l -»■»•«••. o» «ny tniUTici.rt A
" IDBN «>iv*».e f»-«m»rljc«r«lh y ih»uloe.l
W fSSI SpccMUaraUMOMu. Eitjiycan- Q
$ i*3Pl 08. JCRCAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
4 A jL'i'U I" >m ' nl P«'w«!'» rr b. W,. A ,*
A ill l# Write for Bo«k. PBILOlllfNV,) i
A i\ il »»'"»!5le U..c far awa) "**• •* T
9 nil iuBDAM A CO. 1001 Market SL.B.F. f
£^^ RUPTURE.
6S\I/VV^%S rsE *•'<> MOKE HtOV
f^^^^@^ Hoops or «' Spring
M 3^aW»T^^ nupture retained with .*L
B^7W^< and comfort and thousands radl.
WT >*IIV Ca!l)r Clf ed by dr. riEßCkra
%/m »fa netlo Ela.tlc Truss. CTCali a*
No." or WrlU for New Pa» 6 ai«
•UONBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO*
1:0 Market at., opp. Palace Motel. San Francisco.
nl l nTi 1n r bs and •»» *****
Ml. I I II I 1 1 "**« cured or no
KIIrI I I M r J* y - v No Mention
111 1 1 1 <1I I I (rom business. i>u.-s.
lIUI I Ul MANSFIELD ft FOU-
ktt St.. Ban Francisco.
Radway's
Pills
"*■ v >i v .3
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect diK»«tlnn. complete absurptlon +ai
h-rilthful recularlty.
- lor the cure of all disorders of the Rtomach.
Liver. Uowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Femalel?:
reguUHUes. Sick Headache. BlUousnee«. Con.
stipation Piles an 1 all deraacementT of th«
Internal Vlicera. Ke a box. At DrugglsUL
f* m- mall. RADWAT * CO.. Yftw Jox^TSAYS DEWEY DID NOT
STOP FOR BREAKFAST
Lieutenant Kavanagh Gives a New
Version of the Naval Battle in
Manila Bay.
wh^!™* %°" — Meutenant A. O. Kavanagh of the United States navy.
««%fi * on the bridge of the Olympla with Admiral Dtmi while the de-
K^T i.L ' Spanish fleet was In progress. Is In the city. Lieutenant
r,, ..** gives, a* the version of an eye witness, the Mary of how Admiral
«; ey f^PP* 3 the nn * ht twenty minutes to allow his men to Ml break
ra»t on the morning of the fight.
s » TT l •• true that we "topped fighting and pulled away." said the lieutenant.
dvi i r-.ardly suppose the admiral had any thought of breakfast when he
puve trie order. It wa* then positively known that wo had the better of the
fpantanis and there was no occasion for rushing matters. Part of their fleet
MM on fire and they had dead and wounded aJI about them.
"Immediately after we pulled away Admiral Dewey summoned all tIM
captains on board and a consultation was held. The ammunition was ex
amined and counted. While this was going on the men ate breakfast and
that ffave. rise to the ■tor] which has been told so many times throughout
me United States. The admiral dirt not explain to us why he pulled out and
nothing was paid about twenty minutes for breakfast.
f««-t h * l>aU l« of Manila was fought at long range. On account of an In
ferior chart we were handicapped In movements and we got no closer than
2T03 yards of the enemy's fleet. If we had known the water* there as well as
we afterward learned them we could have run alongside the Spanish Seat
and then the battle would not have lasted m.re than twenty minutes or half
an hour."
LONG TUNNEL TO
TAKE OUT GOLD
Latest Project of Perm
Mining Company.
■nctH Dispatch to 7h« CUL
TACOMA. Deo. 3.— lt Is announced that
the Perm Mining Company has agreed to
bore threo miles of tunnel through the
« ":i*..i«<:< h to the watershed of one of the
Kkykoir.lsh River tributaries, provided the
Great Northern will build a branch from
Index to the kuuthern end of the tunnel.
The railroad has a surveyor out and will
accept the proposition If a suitable grade
can be found. The proposed tunnel will
follow a well defined ledge the entire dis
tance, as the latter crops out on the south
... th« north klde < • the crested
mountain barrier and on the south bide
khowi precisely the name character of
ore In a. large quantity. The bore, not
quite three mile*, or about IMM feet,
would b« of ordinary mine tunnel size at
liryf. Alter connection had bren estab
lished between north and nouth ends, the
tunnel wouM be opened for duublo track
*g<* to facilitate hhlpments.
it is estimated by local engineers that
a tunnel for primary (shipments could be
completed at v cost not exceeding Jj'Xl.Ooj,
which ?un will he readily supplied by the
Company that lias been under a steady
tiutlay lor feven or eight years opening
u;> tills wonderful ledge and blocking out
ore, l>y till engineers and rtractical mln
i:ig men who i.aye visited the property.
It is raid to be the most remarkable ore
ehuot yet uncovered in the Cascades.
They Milted that «>•>.'««.• tons of ore are
already blocked on the north end of the
leilgo. At three mi let* distance, on the
Hkykomish side of th<- mountain, the pros
!"-ct is similar in extent asd value to that
liund on ititj n>>rth Ride. Tnls condition
Justlues the belief that the mine wil>
prove a remarkable shipper when opened
throughout its entire length. The ore
f rives milling values of $!»(» and above, but
L Is not of a concentrating character.
REVEALS PRESENCE OF
CONSUMPTION GERMS
New Serum That. It Is Claimed. Will
Prove of Immense Benefit to
the Physician.
CHI *
which it mcd will
I
: by ]'i A. R.
■
-
■
n and
■
i
I
NEW SEWER SYSTEM.
No More Sickness at San Rafael Be
cause of Defective Sewer Pipes.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 3.— The new grav
ity outfall sewer system, which has cost
the municipality over J25.000, has been al
most completed and was sot in operation
v f«-w days ago. Despite tho opinions of
many expert engineers, the system la
found to work to perfection and the old
method cf pumping has been abandoned
entirely.
4'ouniy Surveyor Georpe L. Richardson,
who wa* one of the IJrst advocates of v
gravity tyttem, drew the plans, and the
hxicei-s* of the un<lert.aklnr redounds to
his credit. Much Fleknoss has been caused
In the eastern part of town by the pois
onous miat'.ma from tho marhhes, whore
ih*» pipes of the old pumping pystem
lemked, and the completion of the gravity
Fyrtem i« lookrd up<m as mnrklng the end
of trouble from that source.
•
Took Morphine
PAN JOSE. Dec. 3.— Mark RppennM., a
tnotorman. tried to • nd his life this even
ing by swallowing a quantity of mor
phine. He was despondent over 111-health.
the new «'>lublc
"'.\ "America vs. Holland." ii^^f^il
'&• % Wh > shouldn't Americans be able to produce •* R^^SgS)5 f ; : B
$£$\ line a soluble co:oj «js the Dutch? l^Mfe-|
•'•^*:*'--/^ The Dutch have no monopoly of the raw ma- < j'J^W^rC--H
: ; I-"; 1 '"/ '■•^A. tcrial or of manufacturing skill. >l lL: ; - ? rl'K>Ti'Trar 1 'K>Ti'Tra
"~]lv'tj^ ••imperial" Is a foretaste of tho millennium In
v ;',li.V;'^» food products. 50 cup* 30 cents. r**"*V' ; IH
*-',t* ~>jo*^ Made by the manufacturers of > ■■■■; ?v:; i fW
„ 'P^tff ' OhirardelliS Breakfast Cocoa. 9
TO DECIDE THE
KENTUCKY FIGHT
Canvass of Returns Be
gins To-Day.
■pfcial iv.spatch to Th« Catl.
FRANKi-ORT. K\ . Dec. -At noon
to-morrow the State Board of Election
Commissioners of Kentucky will meet to
canvass the returns from the last State
election and to decide whether Goebel or
Taylor is entitled to the certincale of
election for Governor. There is not much
probability that tho matter will be settled
to-morrow, and it may be a day or two
later before a artlncato is issued. Both
Rides express themselves as confident, but
no one can predict with accuracy tho de
cision which will be arrived at by the
board. The certified turns from the
county boards, now on tile with the Sec
retary of State, give Taylor a plurality
of :M3o, but the Democrats declare that
many of these votes will be thrown out
and that Goebel will bo awarded a oer
tllicate. •.•• Kentucky flection law is
capable of diverse ruction, and the
definite conclusion of the board will rest
Very largely upon how its members de
cldo to construe certain portions of the
statutes.
Neither Democrats nor Republicans pro
fess to know what the board will do, and
all of them decline to discuss the matter
In advance of the matins of the board.
Mr. Goel»el declined to say anything at
all. and General Taylor content himself
with the assertion: "I am confident the
board will do its duty."
Governor Bradley would express no
opinion regarding the probable outcome
of the work of the board. "I don't think
there will be any trouble," he said. There
is no need of looking ahead for trouble:
we will cross tho bridges when we come
to them."
tvuit.- a number of Republicans frf>m
to-day
.a tht-r.- would bo others
in town In the morning. Men <>f both
I-artii quiet, and tli>'re hail been
no hlu.-ter or l<ua TalKinp. It
.t thtT<« will be a large
. In Frankfort to-morrow in ai.y
• v < <.urt day.
THEATRICAL CENSOR
IS BUSY IN PARIS
Prohibits the Revival of the Play
'•Charlotte Corday*' Until After
the Senate Trial.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. IS'jS. by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Dec The theatrical censor
has been busy lately. The revival at the
Comedle Franeaise of M. Ponsard's peri
wigged tragedy, "Charlotte Corday," has
been forbidden until the end of the trial
of the conspirators, now being held by th«
Senate, to avoid giving any opportunity
for noisy demonstrations.
M. de Bornier's new play, "La France
d'Abord." which he produced at the
Odeon on Wednesday, only got through
the censor's scissors by the fckin of Its
teoth.
I.h Presse to-night announces that the
direct) of the Odeon has been ordered to
postpone the revival of the ancient com
edy by Collel, "L'ne Partie de Chi ■ de
Henri Quatre." In which there Is much
crying of "Vive le Roi."
SEEKS THE CONVENTION.
Philadelphia Republicans Will Try to
Raise $100,000.
PHILADELPHIA, Dee. I.— Within the
week <\<t\ fff.»rt will be made by the
fitizt-n* 1 EtepubUcan Kational Association
10 rat-- Urn ■amintlpn fund of $100.'Ji)0 re
<iuir«-d tn Induo ibllcan National
Comi Philadelphia for the
Republican National Convention next
The work of p'Oicltlnp financial old
will be I" pun at <>ti' f. A letter which
will 1 ■ i»n Uann.i a:. 1 Other
• •■ ■ Nat lonaJ < Committee Is
' ;iik draft* d. It may l>e that mem
• ral committee will go to
Washington this w« k to confer with
■ rta will be mnde
• rtnln the preference President Mc-
Klnley m:iy have.
TIIE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1899.
SHARP FIGHTS
WITH YAQUIS
Forty-Eight Indians Are
Killed.
ONE HUNDRED SQUAWS HELD
MEXICANS LOSE FIVE SOLDIERS
AT COCORL
Series of Engagements Fought In
Which the Military Force*
Have Twenty-Three
Woundtd.
Special Dispatch to Th« Can.
AISTIN, Texas. Dec. 3.— Tnform.itl«.n
reaching here to-day from Ortiz. State
of Sonora. Mexico, states that Marshal
Terhune, an expert m'nlnjr engineer, wno
has been in the mines of the Yaqul icni'i
try for enmn months past, arrived at Or
tiz fwterdajr and announced that nlnce
November la the Yaquis and the Mexican
military fortes have had sevoral en^age
nieiits. attended with loss of life and a
number of wounded. The first of their en
gagements was on November 18. Juot
north of Cocori, and during the engage
ment there were forty-eight Indiana and
live soldiers killed outright. In ad iitlon
thereto twonty-three soldiers wore wound
ed and something over a hundred squaws
uinl Indian children captured by the mill
t.»jy forces. These prisoners will be sent
to Guaymaa by the military authorkws
to hold i? boatacm. Tti<« place where this
eiifragemem took place was on the Yaqui
River, Just at the entrance to the moun
tains. This section of the country is
heavily wooded and hence the cn
pagoment was conducted on the guemila
warfare plan, as had most of the pre
-kirmishes and engag«Tn»>nts.
The battU was between the main bodies
of both factions. The Indians w.re
massed !n force and the soldiers hud a
very large quota of men. Mr. Terhi-ie
states that at his mining camp, some dis
tance from the scene of the battle, re-
POrta were meager, but sufficient to show
that the et Idlers had come upon the
camp of th.» Indians In the woods and en
gaged them. The lighting was very se
vere and lasted most of the day. The
Indians were finally put to flight and this
explains why so many of their woven
were captur^.l as thHr retreat was made
in dire confusion and the women became
Lted from the warriors. In addi
tion to this engagement there were sev
eral others of minor importance during
the week following that date, but no in
formation us to the results of the latter
engagements is forthcoming.
CUBAN PRESS ON
SECRETARY ROOT'S REPORT
Agents of a Big Plantation, Fearful
of an Uprising, Place Armed
Men on Guard.
HAVANA. Dec. —The Patrla. discuss
ing the references to Cuba In Secretary
Root's report, pronounces these "very sat
isfactory," and says that "Independence
is safe."
The Nuevo Pals says: "The Americans
evidently still believe that the Cubans are
not lit to govern themselves, owing to
their lack of education, and they still in
tend to educate us until we are fit for
self-government. Mr. Root does not dis
cuss the question of Independence, leav
ing it where it was on January Ist."
The Havana Commercial Company has
placed armed guards on its plantations in
the province of Plnar del Rio. and will
apply to Governor General Brooke for an
infantry contingent. Mr. Merry-Lees, the
manager, says: "The company would not
Co to the expense of arming a number of
men unless this was thought necessary for
the protection of its interests. We do not
believe there is any immediate cause for
alarm, but we do consider that the spirit
of disaffection is spreading, and is liable
sooner or later, to burst into flame when
ever the United States Government .does,
or refrains from doing, something which
the Cuban leaders oppose or desire "
— - — •
OPPOSITION TO ZELAYA
MANIFESTS ITSELF
Enemies of the President of Nicara-
qua Making Efforts to Bring
About a Revolution.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Dec. 3.—Passen
gers by to-day's steamer from Nlcara
guun ports say that there is a growing
feeling of hostility toward President Ze
laya un account of his recent decree ex
pelling Mi.nsiKiior Perelra, Bishop of Ni
varagua. in reply to the latter'g protest
against tho law passed by the Nicara
guan Congress on October 14, declaring
that all donations by the people of lands,
cattle or other property to tile church
should be subject to the civil govern
ment.
Although President Zelaya is very pop
ular with the masses, the President's po
litical opponents art- improving the pres
ent ociasion to bring about a revulsion
of popular feeling by taking advantage
of the powerful undercurrent* of clerical
influence.
VESSELS GO ASHORE.
Ship Pleiades and Collier Hesketh
Are Total Wrecks.
VANCOUVER, li. C. Dec. 3.-Unu.-»ually
cold weather and heavy gales are report
ed from Now Zealand. During a storm <n
November the Pleiades went as-hore in the
New Zealand cnast. Her Officers and crew
were saved, but the ship cannot be moved
fi«»ni the rocks upon which she is now
.'ligli ond dry.
I »uring the same Kale the steam collier
Hesketh went ashore at the cireymoutn
bar. where also the Mapowuka was re
ci-ntly stranded.
A tarisf conference has been held at
Melbourne by manufacturers and othf-rs
interested in having a protective tariff
for Australia. Ther prepared a tariff
schedule for submissiwn to Parliament
when customs refutations of fed. rail. m
are being determined and nn mter-coionl il
protectionist association has been formed
and efforts ar»: being made to change t.*i«
free trade sentiment throughout all the
colonies.
The wool crop this year will probably
be less than that of 1898.
DEFENDS STEUNENBERQ.
Typographical Union Refuses to Drop
His Name From Its 8011.
BOISE, Idaho, Dec. 3.— The local Typo
graphical Union No. 271, of which Gover
nor Steunenbcrsr is an honorary member
has received a great many demands that
It drop Governor Steunenberg's name from
the roll on account of his attitude toward
organized labor in the Coeur d'Alenes
The union took action to-day in a res
olution which says that after investiga
tion it find.* that the action of the Gover-
Dor was necessary to the protection of life
and prop and for the maintenance of
p<?ace, and that the union declined to
utrlke his name from the roll.
♦
ROBBED BY THTJGS.
San Franciscan Roughly Handled
While in Sacramento
PACRAMEXTO, Dec. 2.-About 11
o'clock to-night two men knocked down
and robbed a man named 8. H. willies'
who was un<ler the influence of liquor and
nays he came hero t.-.lay from San Fran
. thco. They took J6O and a watch in. in
hin., but left him a broken Jaw and minus
sseveinl tf-th.
A person who witnessed the robbery
n< Tif'cd the police and the men %ver* ar
nwtod. They »ive the names of J D
Clark and J. J. Lamb. A man named
Howell. who was with them h>.t mvd he
took no part in the robbery, admitted" that
they were the men.
Death of Ex-Mayor of St. Louis.
; ST. LOUIS, Dec. S.-ExMayor Josef of
. St. Louis died here to-day i.f a complica
tion of diseases, a«ed 68 years. Before
: no entered politics he was probably the
j most prominent steamboat man In West
| era waters. \
WILLIAM'S NAVAL
BILL IMPERILED
Falling Off in the Em
pire's Revenue.
♦
•NCREASE WAS EXPECTED
♦
PROTECTION ASKED FOB, PROP
ERTY IN VENEZUELA.
«
Berlin Money Market Agitated Over
the Advance in the Bank of
England's Money
Rate.
Bp^rial Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN. Dec. 3.— The Government has
been expecting that the growth of the em
pire's revenue would yield the funds re
quired by Emporor William's naval pro
ject, thus avoiding additional taxation.
In this possibility is the chief ground for
the Government's hope of carrying the
naval bill. If. however, the present de
crease In receipts continues the pa.«s;i£»
of the bill will be imperiled. For several
months there has been relative or abso
lute decrease, that for October being 3.
500.000 marks, when the receipts for the
month are compared with those of Octo
ber last year. The Government had ex
pected an Increase of 30,000,000 marks an
nually, but the total increase during the
last nine months has been only 500,000.
The opposition newspapers foreshadow a
strong insistence upon those facts when
the bill comes up fur consideration.
Empress Frederick has Just purchased
the Villa Brenzonia, on the promontory
of San Vigllio, LHK"idi Grada, the L*cus
Benacus of the Romans, largest of the
North Italian lakes. The villa stands In
a very secluded spot, but commands one
of the most beautiful views.
The Chamber of Commerce will present
a petition to the Imperial Chancellor.
Prince yon Hohenlol.e. requesting the-
Government. In view of the disturbed con
ditions In Venezuela, to provide increased
protection for German property there
The Rhenish vintners have dubbed the
IR>9 vintage "the Esterhazy vintage," be
cause It is so mean and poor.
The advance of the Rank of England's
rate dominates tho attention of the Berlin
money market. At first it was sup;
that this would have no Immediate effect
here, the British balances having been
much reduced of lat.-. but since London
exchange h;ia already shown a rising
tendency, the market reckons with the
possibility that the Relchsbank will soon
raise Its rate to 7 per cent. This unpre
cedented rate would weigh heavllv upon
trade and Industry and would s<>on se
verely check the business boom. The near
approach of London exchange to the gold
point yesterday has Increased the fear of
gold exports.
The Bt&tement of the Reichshank
showed Increased li^-ounts to the amount
of 25.300.000 marks, and a loss of metal to
the amount of 1P.G00.4u0 marks. It In much
more unfavorable than the statement for
the corresponding date last year. Great
pressure Is expected toward* tho end of
the month.
Tho effect of money on market condi
tions has thus far been confined to a
slight weakening In industrial sharos. Re
ports from the iron and coal centers just
ify the general strength of the market
During the course of last week numerous
brilliant statements were published from
mining and manufacturing districts and
trade conditions at the points referred to
were pronounced must excellent. A rise
In Iron prices is looked for. and the same
is expected for coal and Iron in Belgium
Profa—or Jeeee of Berlin University baa
Invented a method of Increasing the
power of steam engines, which promisee
to revolutionize Iteam engineerlnp;. He
conducts steam generated in an ordinary
boiler into a cooling tank and then treats
It with sulphuric acid, increasing Its
power from one-third to one-half. A fac
tory at Charlott* nburp has been using the
Invention for three months and has ob
tained 56 per cent above the Indicated
horsepower <>f its engines.
INDIANS IN WANT.
Subscriptions Taken for Benefit of
Unfortunates on Warner's Banch.
PASADENA, Dec. 3 —Major H. N. Rust
of this city, formerly Indian agent, has
been interesting himself In the natives of
Warner's Ranch, San Diego County. Ho
says the past dry season haa Impoverish
ed the Indians very much, as they de
pend largely upon the barley crop, which
ha-s well nigh failed them. Public sub
scriptions are now being taken for their
benefit and so that they may enjoy a
Christmas tree. The history of 'Warner's
Ranch has recently taken a turn of Inter
est. Aku.i Callente. or Warner's Ranch
occupies an elevated plain about two by
three miles in extent and supports 10.1^0
head of cattle. Don Warner received his
title from the Mexican Government nnd
later It passed into the hands of Governor
Downey, deceased. In early days the In
dians were useful as laborer*, so they
were allowed to stay. When the native's
uwoke to the realization that their lands
were being gobbled they made a feeble
resistance. The California courts decided
that the heirs of the Downey estate have
a right to dispossess them. Among these
are J. Downey Harvey and the relatives
of Peter D. and Andrew Martin.
The Indians' Rights Association, an
Eastern organization, has taken up the
side of the aborigines and has recently
secured the co-operation of the Depart
ment of Justice at Washington. As a
result legal defense has be?n appointed
for the Indians and the District Attorney
has been Instructed to sue out a writ of
error and to co-operate with the attorney
for the Indians In the appeal of the case.
The hot springs, aqua <alle n tes. on these
lands, make them valuable, and in all
probability the fight for their possession
will be a lively one. Mrs. Jo*ephtu» 11.
Habbltt Is now teacher of the school at
Warner's Ranch. I'ntll her arrlv; ', the
Indians celebrated the Independen % c of
Mexico and recognized the Mexican flag
only.
CONTINUES TO DISCUSS
CHAMBERLAIN'S TALK
German Press Not Unfavorable to
an Alliance of the Two
Empires.
BERLIN. Pec. 3.— The German Press
continues to discuss tho recent speech at
I^elcester, England, of the British Secre
tary of State for the Colonies. The com
ment*, on the whole, are not unfavorable.
The seml-ofllclal Hamburglscher Corre
spondent, says: "Mr. Chamberlain used
the word 'alliance' as the most appropri
ate to portray the general good relation
ship between Germany and Great BritaJn,
but no secret compact exists."
The Berliner Tageblatt says: "England
and Germany should act frankly, like
business men. In seeking an understand
ing with the T'nited States, and. If possi
ble, a copartnership."
IN MEMORY OF WASHINGTON.
Masons of America to Celebrate An
niversary of His Death.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3— Arrangements
■re about completed for the Masonic cele
bration of the centennial of the death of
Worshipful George Washington on De
cember 14. Large numbers of Masons
from all over the I'nited States and from
Canada are expected to attend. Colonel
Robert White of Wheeling. W. Va., who
was appointed by the Grand Lodge of
Virginia as chief marshal, and his staff
will have full charge of the procession
and all matters connected with the cele
bration aside from the regular Masonic
rites. The principal ceremonies will be
at Mount Vern.on and will Include an ad
dress at the old tomb by the grand mas
ter of Masons In Colorado, Masonic rites
at the new tomb and address at the man
sion by President McKinley and R T
W. Duke, grand master of Masons of Vir
ginia.
Mrs. John Fitzgerald Dead.
LINCOLN. Neb., Dec. 3.— Mrs. Bridget
Fitzgerald, wife of John Fitzgerald (de
ceased), former president of the Irish Na
tional League of America, died to-day
aged PS years. She bad lived In Lincoln
many year*
WOMEN DRIVE OUT
NON-UNION MINERS
Strikers at Diamondville Are Arming Their
Entire Families and Serious Rioting
Is Feared.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Dec. 3.— Diamondvllle was the scene of a riot this |
morning, when 300 women, wives and daughters of the coal miners who are on j
strike, inarched on the mines owned by Marcus Daly, the Montana Copper c
King, and with clubs and guns drove the operators and a small force of non- 4
union miners away. A week ago 600 men laid down their tools and demand- C
ed an increase in wages. 4
The company resumed work in a few days with a small force of men. It '
is feared that unless the trouble is settled soon bloodshed will result. The £
strikers have shipped in large quantities of arms and ammunition, and they 4
;ir«« not only arming themselves, but the women are also procuring fir*- c
arms. Several non-union men were injured to-day by being struck by clubs 4
In the hands of the women. C
4
JUDGE CANFIELD
BADLY INJURED
Thrown by an Unman
ageable Horse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Dec. 3.— Ex-Judge
Robert B. Canfleld was thrown from bis
horse at 10 o'clock this morning in front
of his residence on upper State street and
received injuries from which it Is doubt
ful that he will recover. Judge Canfleld
had mounted his horse and had ridden a
short distance, followed by his two fox
terriers, which »o annoyed the animal
that it became unmanageable. He re
turned to the house and called to Mrs.
Canfield to call the clogs away. When she
came to the front gate he started to dis
mount and was half way off when one of
the dogs made a vicious attack upon the
horse's leg and bit it. causing the horse to
rear and buck, throwing the Judge heav
ily to tho hard asphalt pavement. It is
believed he also received a kick. Mr. Can
iieifi became unconscious and blood flowed
profusely from his mouth and nose. His
family phys.cian and two others were
summoned. It is believed that his skull
has been fractured, but owing to the
swelling the physicians will not be able
to ascertain the exact condition for some
hours. Ills right arm was also broken In
three places.
Dr. Otto stated late thin afternoon that
no signs of consciousness had been seen
and that his condition was most serious,
and expressed little hope of a recovery.
Judge Canfleld has been a resident of
Santa Barbara since 1*73 and served as
Superior/Judge during the unexplred term
of Judge Hatch. He haa been the attor
ney for the Southern Pacific Company for
TO Hi
If $10 overcoats were all alike it would not matter
where you bought. But they are not all alike. That
is why you should discriminate. See ours — you will
find them strong, well made and stylish. They are
made by men who know how.
We picture above a box covert; but we have
them in cheviot, kersey and melton, too.
Just see how different they are from the usual run
of $10 overcoats — and they are guaranteed.
Now's the time for your overcoat. \
Reefer Top Coats for Boys.
Materials, frieze and astrakhan; ages 3 to 8 years; -^ „_
former prices #4, $$ and 6, now each one is reduced to 9j,03
Out-of-town orders filled — write us for
our new illustrated catalogue No. 2.
(>^)S.N WOODgCO
\sn£sy "713 MARKET 5T "* N^tO^y
many years and has been instrumental In
making a successful settlement of the
many controversies arising in the recent
right of way trouble. He is also the lead
ing figure In the Santa Barbara Water
Company, the richest corporation in this
county, and was for many years the pres
ident of the First National Hank of this
city. His reputation as corporation attor
ney extends over the entire State.
HELD IN QUARANTINE.
Ships Detained in New York Bay for
Fear of Plague.
NEW YORK. Dec. Four steamers
from Santos. Brazil, with coffee, are de
tained at quarantine, having come from a
bubonic plague port. They are the J. W.
Taylor. Roman Prince. Lessen and Rac
usa. Seven lighters with the cargo of cof
fee discharged from the J. W. Taylor are
anchored off Clifton, 8. 1., under close ob
servation of the police patrol. Three llght
of the seven have served the eight days"
detention required by Health Officer Doty
and are free from further quarantine re
strictions aa far as Mr. Doty's department
is concerned. The plague patients on
Swinburne Island are doing well. There
Is no Illness among the crews or steve
dores detained on board the vessels or at
Hoffman Island.
m •
Bond for Mine-Worker Kelley.
INMANAPOL.IB. Dec. 3.-Pr«>9ldent
Mitchell of the Inlted Mine Workers of
America .«ald to-day that the organiza
tion would t'i-mf)rrow furnish any amount
of bond required for thn rrlease ut Na
tional Organizer Kelle> . who was ar
rested yesterday at SprlngfMd. 111. H»*
said that habeas corpus proceedings had
r». < n Instituted for the reieas#> of National
Executive Committeeman Reeso. and he
believed his freedom would be secured in
a few days by this means.
Yellow Fever Breaks Out.
KINVtSTON, Jamaica, Dec. 3.— The
medical department announces tnat the
British uteamer Don, <"aptain Doughty,
from Colon, will be detained in quaran
tine, owlnß to an outbreak oi yellow ft-vr
among the recently arrived drafts of
troops at the isthmus from the interior.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
HEBENBAUM
§ 222.224 SUTTER STREET j|
o ~~"~~
g Xmas Trca Ornament?, Candles, §
8 large line of bonbons now displayed /';
8 in our store. o
> | JUST ARRIVED. J
W Fancy Navel Oranges. $
« Texas Pinenuts. g
g Appstlt Sllds. 8
I Norwegian Anchovies. 0
Texas Pinenuts. C
Appstit Silds.
Norwegian Anchovies.
O' Wiesbaden Stuffed Prunes. g
8 Goosebreasts. g
X German Sauerkraut. «
§ Roll Herrings. §
! I SPECIAL REDUCTIONS §
! I MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDitESDAY B
' *
1 3 Come and see our tea garden ■/;
I •> display in window. 8
• * Tea, 10 different kinds 40c I g
! X Thl« will bo th» last .-sr--tal Tea Sale 2
.V. tins year. R^Kularly 60c. w
•;: Farina. Hecher's 3 pkgs 25c §
O A food for the Inrmlid. tor »h« robust X
S ana beany. Regularly 10c. X
- 6 Castile Soap, Gonti's bar 50c :[
IV. Italian Import*!, the acm« of ail V
' V voaps. Itegularly COc €>
• § Corn, "New Era" 121 c per can §
. X This mason's finest "Maine" Corn. ?
. ?j, Hr»ul«rly Uc. O
: % Maple Syrup, "Log Cabin" |
• y The well-known brand. S
• 8 Gal can. HOal. Qt. V
i Q n#» ft. 55 »i 40q Q
I O Now $I.OS ' G3c 8»o O
I g Maple Sugar. - N m " Mb bar 15c $
? Regularly »c
. g Apple Butter fift qt. Jar 40c J
' Q pt. Jar S»".< ft
, ft Regularly qt. We., pt. 36c. I
• $ Coke Dandruff Cure 85c bottle '}
. 'i' Th« only poiltlve eur<» ax&lnst dan- C 1C 1
. Q dn.ff. Manufacturer wants us to re- Q
I Q fund money If unsuccessful. ft
\ % Johann Maria Farina Cologne |
I § Regularly «a 5C5 C bottle §
0 Coal Hods o
8 Japanned, gold banded. Including Z
I •:■ Japanned Coal ShoveL C(
, 2 15 In. II In. 17 In. 13 In. O
Q V.'X 3"c 33c 4 .- »v ft
; 8 .v0w....:n0 -.-.«• i :!(»<« 4<>,r ft
: § Malt Whisky, "Acme" 75cbo!tls§
■ ft A pur« medicinal article. Reg. Sic. 8
X O.K. Whisky, Sour Mash. 3 bots $2 I
O \. U & Oa » Gallon »:i.i»O «
O 7-year-old blend. Regularly II buttle, ft
' JT 14.00 gallon. ft
|TO OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS : %
8 We suggest to place their orders S
ft as early as possible for the noil- X
o days to Insure prompt delivery. X
8 We ship free within ico miles. y
| CIGARS, Amnr"* ! *' oth * r •">-<!
o blOAno. Cl Alfini .
O Wets Cigars. Chatean la Rr>se. ci.-ax O
Q Havana, (to each, »i for -.".«•. fj
Imitation
Eye-Glasses,
THE GOOD FOLKS WHO TRT TO COPT
our clip have failed beraUM they don't icsnw
I our method of fitting them. They're th« only
j firm and »asy irrlp ever made— becoming and
accurate; CO cents.
OculUU' prescriptions filled. Quick rtpalrlng.
| Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
OPTICIANS^^^u,.
642 Market St % instruments
'iMIICnMiCK au<> »•••«.
FOR SALE!
»7«« acres of ebote* grain land In Oi a . %
County, five miles east of Arbuckl*. The land
' \h all reclaimed and absolutely protected by
; Independent levees from flood waters. Th«
I yield for the past season was over 15 sacks of
, wheat per acre.
Improvements consist of a fine two»*torr
dwelling with hot and cold water throughout.
j three large barns and well*.
Th« land Is assessed for l«1.00«. The iznprv* •.
ments are Insured for $12,301).
For further Information apply to
J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager.
i CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRLSI
COMPANY.
Montgomery and California Sts., San Francisco
El BBFJJ k. wk-^m ■*■ « .Til
Bmm «L^ I Q |BL^JB
I ■ m PI MB ■! ■■ Dili
■ w m ffm jn Km *fly v I snp
1899-TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBT OTVEN THAT TTIB
first Installment of Real Eitate ."axes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes -will X>* delta-
I «vent and 15 per cent added on MONDaT.
I November 27. at • o'clock p, m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER 4aTUR>
1 DAT EVENING. NOVEMBER 11.
OFFICE OPEN FRJDAT AND BATTTRDAT
1 EVENINGS. November 24 and S. from 7 to I
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
, Tax Collector of the City and County of Saa
Francisco.
— — — - _ ___^_^____^_
/ 4BQfc. raotoaiAivsa 10190 I |#%
Sl^i^ VITALIS
m^#)o «■ /tfw\ ■ l I rtmm E\m
uxDkj. f&i/Jp*. CDCUPU
«-tr-iotiiD. . «m .%L *% rnCnufl.t
VITALIS sclhD^ jC m QcycnV
raoOICKA TRICIBUTE Mtk B»y. nClllClllll
■ KStLTH. li l l |)il.OTi r f.ni««!ln>H.tM Imh.M
Dr«»mi,W.iLu» Dimsm* a i.l<J«!i •( hUiVw or .1 «<m .
in<lt»cr*?ion*. lU**orm Lm V.ttl.tjr, P.iwtr * Fulißf Krmmy.
Wards eff ißaanltyamlCsniiiapUaa. dm alMt *lioib»r»f i.l.
l»v<t on h«»ir.c VITALI.H, aa •tb«r. C'.n t* r«rr-.» I in «nt
I pockn. lfßi!l|l.e«ii r «t».<.or«:« for #&.U<> with •
|«»r«nt»<tnC«r»»r tlttmmd tko 1 .»• Cirrulir Frf» i'Urma
CAI.I:MI.T CCKKCO., SS I Ilr.rb.rn Mm < steWS
BvU in sun rr»s«ueo Mul O*siaa4 >jr U.« Owl Dr*< v«.
OIERCES
LJr FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
M IFOR WEAK WOMEH.
34
MONDAY DECEMBER 4. 1809
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Addres* All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
I'l 11MCAT1OX OFPiri:... Market and Third. S. F.
I « Irphcmr Main 1 K«H.
EDITORIAL limi'is . 217 to 221 Steren«on St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Mlmii by rarrler«, 15 Q— f Per Week.
Mn(lr < optea, ft 4 t-iii*.
Term* l.v Mull. In. In. linn I'oatasrei
IHII.Y « Ml <lnclu«llnic Sunda> ». one year. .««1.00
DAILY CALL ilnrliHl.ng J*on«ln> I. II nionibn. . Mi
11*11 V < M.I. tin. -In. Mm. ln» ». :t luout ■ . I."."
II til Ml — H» Mnitlr Month • : "''
-I MIAV IAI.I. • ••..■ Vnr 1 » RO
\Vi:i:KU Ml One lmr lO °
All |>i>i»f maalri ■ are Mtilhorlied to receive
• al»*cripltona.
Kample <-..|>l«-a will lie forwarded when requested
OAKLAKD hi mi 00S Broadway
c. I.i on.. ii%i i% itn«.\i:«.«.
Mnnnnrr Korrlcu AdvrrtUlnß, Maro.oette Ilnlld-
Ins, « lil.-iik«i.
m w YORK COIIIUSSPOjrDISIITI
V. C » Mil it»N Herald Sanare
m:w vomc lU.l'lll>r.M*TlVEi
II Ilin LVKB\B Jit 21» Tribune Ilalldlnc
I UK *«.<» nEWI t»TA\D?II
■hermaii ■•MM 1». O. .\ew« Co.i Great Xorth
•-rii |latel| I i. .....in llmikc; Aadltoriam Hotel.
m:\v nil I* KBWI I 1 *NT>*i
W nlri.irf- \-<orln Hotel; A. llrrniano. 31 I'nlon
Nquarri lirrai Hill Hotel.
\VAMII\(;i«>\ Cl>. < iHiini Wellington Hotel
J. L. I \«.l 1011. Correspondent.
DRAKCII <l|Tl(i:s— T.27 >l<m<snmfry atreet. cor
ner « l«y. open mil II J»:.Ut o'clock. ."too lluj.-*
*ti •-•-!. open Haiti OtSO o'clock. U3O McAlllater
• tre«*t. open ii. hi !»::io o'clock. tllll l.nrkln
Hf..i, upeu until ■.:<■>> o'clock. l!Hl Mlaalon
• Irrri, open until m o'clock. 22(11 Market
«li <■<■!. I'aiMl M&tcenlh, open until t> o'clock.
IOIM \iili'ii<'lii mrrrl, open until I* o'clock.
I'M i:ie\entli «i i «-«•«. open until t» o'clock.
X\V. corner I " iiii-<ri'iinil and ICentnckr
ulrc-lfi, ••!••• it mi 1 11 !> o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orj tirtim- Vaudeville.
»\ lunibla — "t;henßndoah.**
OaUtomla— **Aa Enemy to th» King"
Ttvnli— "Tar atid Tnrtar" Sa.turdajr evenlnc
Orma4 Opera IIou»»— •'Hl« i!ajr«vj-."
Aioazar— "SloCher Karth.**
Ail.an.tta— "Air. l'lavter of Parl».**
Cbutet, 2oi> and 1 nratrr— Vaudrrin* every afternoon and
t\< Biag.
Olynpla, corner Maaoa and Hllli ttreeta— 6p«claltle*.
Crntral Park— 6teeiilecJia*e M 1 Coney Island.
I'nti Tiuaa ]•.-.:•> cf Uunlla Bay. Market rtre^t. near
Dctrth.
FVrrr.an-Clajr Hail— Concert Tuesday evening December ft.
Ora:;J O:«ra-l!ou>ft— Concert . :.ur»dajr afternoon. D»oem-
WrrtfTß Turf A»».-«-!at|r«n. Fan Mateo County— P.n.-«».
AUCTION BALES.
By A. tp. l>ufierbapk— Mrndar. December. 4, at I and 8
p. in , TurkUh Hue*, at 117 Putter ttreet-
Vy Frank W, Uutterfltld-Thla &*y. at McAllltter ttre*t.
(Mar l>uicur.9, at 11 v. ni.. furniture.
In- Hulliran & l>oyl»— Wednenday. December •, at 11 o'clock.
• t b'.Xtii »trcrt. lKl»r«.
CHANGING COMMERCIAL CONDITIONS.
' j United States showed a
Of the eighty-four
*■ ma reporting bank clearings over
- ' a falling off in trade compared
In the preceding week
:r cities and towns
- * id<3cnness and vio
. • • center
■:>. which Ins heretofore
| vt cent and even more, de
. ■■: cities of
• | pmr. were Cleveland and
rs in a most vigor
ten that
\ f the ad
- he memory
• : •.■■ lers ble (the
There arc other signs, however, that the enormous
baying of the just year is slackening off. While raw
iron has again advanced, finished products are gen
erally lower. Many of the tinj>late works are now
c!o<ed and some of the iron works around Pittsburg
ji:c running only half time. Against this, however, a
further advance in hardware is reported at a number
cf points. There is still a pood demand for woolens,
1 r.t there has teen no rise sufficient to meet the parity
*>f the raw material. Provisions are lower on account
of larger receipts of hops and wheat continues its
f'ow decline. The other staples show no change
fii'tn the preceding v\cck.
- Ser made a
I, which amount'
:g the same week
er $12,000,000 in
da larger volume
• was onh
■ ■ rked.
The money situation remains about the same. The
Hank of England has again been obliged to raise its
rute of discount to keep gold from leaving the coun
try, and it is now 6 per cent. It has risen steadily
fium about 3 per cent. In New York the market has
been eased somewhat by the Government purchase of
bonds, the return of money from the West and the
c-tab!uhment»of a $6,000,000 surplus by the banks, in
stead of the deficit which has been the rule of late. It
i* thought in New York, however, that while a seri
ous monetary stringency is not to be expected, pres
ent indications do not point to any real ease in money
for some little time to come. The tightness is purely
speculative and confined to Wall street, however, as
there have been plenty of funds for commercial pur
poses right along. The bondholders are still sluggish
in »eJHng their bonds to the Government, and thus far
less than $20,000,000 of the ■ 0,000 asked by th?
Treasury Department have been turned in. This
slowness shows two thing*: First, that there is no
financial stringency in trade, and second that the
bondholders know a good thing when they see it
In this city conditions remain about the same.
Husiness is apparently as active as usual at this time of
the year, but from now on until the middle of January
it will probably fall off. as it does everywhere. Some
lines are already quieter, notably dried fruits, pro
visions and grain, the latter being affected by the
steady decline in wheat. The volume of business is
Mill far ahead of the average, however, so no com
plaints are heard from any quarter. The season is
remarkably propitious, as the State has had a general
wetting, enough to worry along on for sixty days
without inconvenience. In fact, dry weather is now
needed by the farmers, as in many sections they are
unable to plow and «ow. Agricultural conditions ar»
vastly better than at this time last year and a good sea
son is confidently anticipated in consequence.
CtlTl home study circle in French ought to
••-ell to rur worthy eommisftinnen to the
—n as an opportunity to learn some-
REfIDY FOR WORK.
rROM the promptnesi with which the members
of both parties in Congress succeeded in per
forming the caucus work preliminary to the
orga: I the House, good omens can be drawn
c outlook for business during the session. Both
parties, :t i* evident, are to start fairly free from fac
tion tights, and we may consequently expect the re
srhs thai low from harmony.
In selecting Richardson of Tennessee for their
r the Democrats have acted more wisely than
expected and have done about the best they
! under the circumstances. He has been in the
House a long time, and while he is not a strong de
ror is in any way an aggressive fighter, he is
thoroughly familiar with the rules of the House and
with the members of it. Hi* speeches, while not
eloquent, have the merit of being comparatively short.
It has been said of him by Washington correspond
ents, who have watched his course for years, that
while he is not irresistibly genial nor a "mixer." he
knows the .etter and is better known by it
than any other Democrat. It is to that fact probably
he owes his election. Certainly a man of his experi
ence w ill be a safer and a better leader for the minority
than was the erratic Bailey of Texas, or than the elo
quent Seller, Tammany's candidate, would have been
had the New Yorkers succeeded in carrying the
caucus for him.
In the Republican caucus it was a foregone conclu
sion that Henderson would be named for the Speaker
ship and accordingly there is no surprise over the
fact that his nomination wa« given by acclamation.
The feature of the caucus wag the collapse of the
.imitation to bring about a change in the rules by
which the House is to be governed. A motion pro
viding for a in don of the rules was made by
Hepburn of lowa and was supported by Reeves of
Illinois, but so strong was the opposition to it that
liter some debate the motion was withdrawn and a
eclaring it to be the 6ense of the
caucus that the Reed rules should be adopted by the
:-e.
One of the cau«e* which impelled the caucus to sus
tain the rules is the slender majority by which the
Republicans will have control of the House. The
had the singular effect of increasing
Kepublica- .in the Senate and decreasing it
in the House. Instead of the majority of fifty
which Reed had at hi* back in the last Congress,
Henderson will have hardly more than ten over the
combined Democrats and Populists. It would there
uiifestlj Inexpedient to deprive the Speaker
y power at this time, for he will need all that
can be piven him to enable him to carry through the
important me h are to come before Con
gress.
It is to be noted moreover that the Reed rules,
while depriving members of the House of many of
their old-time privileges of speaking and filibustering,
lias been much more crushing upon the lobby. The
ess of the House is now in the hands of a respon
sible committee and the lobbyist has no longer the
I the old days when he could pet
his work done by almost any member. I< is known
there will be a strong lobby in Washington this win
ter to fight the ' ;a bill, the shipping bill and
the currency and banking bill. That knowledge also
had much to do in determining Republicans to keep
to the rules, which have proven effective in the past
against the machinations of that class of people.
Judging then by the results of the caucusing the
outlook for the session is good. We shall probably
have a business Congress and one as free from merely
m action as can be expected in a year of a
entia] eled
European power.-, it :* laid, will demand from the
United States an open door to the Philippines. Uncle
Sam no d not hare the slightest objection to
allow them to in, but under existing conditions
they must discover are poii:^
to get out.
The Oakland minister who replied to a scorching
arraignment of himself by a polite refusal to enter into
a controversy evidently does not belong 10 the
church mi".:"
THE END OF T^E KHfU-IFA.
SEETHING oi the sublime is to be found in
the «t<>r> that comes to us oi the <ieath of the
Khalifa »" the desert! oi the Soudan. Undis
mayed by the fearful slaughter at Omdurman, unter
rified by the fate which had struck down the Mahdi,
m, he went forth to battle against
the British, to oppose valor against discipline, faith
Lxim guns and religion M^.*iii-t civilization.
What trust in bil God and his dreams, what soar
death-defying spirit flamed within him as he
marched out to buttle, we know not and shall never
know, for of his race there are no poets to express
the aspirations of kings and of people in words so
luminous that none can mistake their meaning. To
men of our race and of our religion, he will be ever
only a fanatic barbarian, a fool and a sav.ige, who went
the way of madmen and perished like one.
Nevertheless there is an element in the death of
the old leader that appeals to the deeper sentiments of
men crrn in our age of scoffing materialism. He
fought with all the skill and wariness of which he
and his Kmirs were the possessors, M long as the-e
was a chance f<T desert strategy to achieve anything.
Those resources failing, lie trusted to valor and to
strength, and with sword tnd spear attempted to rush
the British lines through a death-dealing hail of bul
let* and shells and cannon balls. When daring was
found to be as futile as caution, and the end was at
hand, the old chief disdained to fly. We are told
he spread n sheepskin on the ground and with his
Emirs around him sat down in front of the British
lire and awaited thr end At the close of the fight he
was found shot through head and heart and arms and
legs, literally rid'lled with bullets, and his Emirs lay
, dead around him and his body guard, as faithful as
himself, were dead in front of him.
So cliffs a re'io^us force which ha« dominated the
■ n ior upward of twenty years. A force which,
ow.ni- . in to the fervor of an obscure man,
the original Mahdi. si one time threatened to over
run all Northern and Central Africa and did seriously
menace Egypt, thus involving Europe in the strife
and causing those movements on the part of the
British that hive carried Kitchener to the heart of
the Soudan, excited Cecil Rhodes' ambition to con
• a railway from the Cape and Cairo, and thus
indirectly led to the war in the Transvaal
In the sweep of that far-reaching wave of religious
zeal" many remarkable men have been raised high
enough for the world to fee them and to note their
characters well. None of them, however, met death
in a more dramatic or more appropriate manner than
the old Khalifa, with whom the wave subsides and
the story closes. The final scene is a theme for a
great artist of poetic powers. What a personification
of faith in the unseen there is in this attitude of the
old man and his princes and hi» guards, sitting quietly
down on the sands of the desert waiting for death to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1899.
! come since Islam had no power in heaven to shield
its followers against the guns of the Christians and
the tramplings of their cavalry.
THE PfIRK PANHANDLE.
T~) EFORE the growing popular sentiment in favor
\ ci progress and improvement every vestige of
objection to the proposed extension of the park
system ought to die down into the deadness of a mere
silurianism and have no more part in the active life
of the city than the old objections made years ago to
the purpose of establishing Golden Gate Park itself.
The Panhandle is in truth a natural development of
the park, a necessary adjunct to it, connecting it with
the great avenues of the city, and one of the improve
ments most requisite to the work of municipal
progress.
The cost of the extension will be so small when
compared with the benefits derived from it that it
ought not to weigh with any citizen who understands
the difference between economy and parsimony. It
is moreover to be borne in mind that we have just
closed one year of prosperity and arc now upon the
eve of another which has every promise of being
more prosperous than the last. In the very nature ol
things real estate will 6oon take another upward
movement and we shall never again have an oppor
tunity to purchase the lands required for the various
features of the proposed extensions upon anything
like such easy terms. If therefore San Francisco is
ever to have the Mission Park, the Panhandle and the
boulevard connecting the Park with the Presidio,
this is the time to act.
That a large majority of the property-owners, tax
payers and workingmen of the city are in favor of the
improvements is beyond question. The only danger
lies in the fact that to carry the measure it will have
to receive a two-thirds vote, and many progressive
citizens being sanguine of the outcome of the elec
tion may stay away, while the objectors will be sure
to go to the polls to enjoy another opportunity of in
dulging their pet delight— that of kicking at every
project of municipal improvement.
To obtain the money for the improvements bonds
are to be issued bearing 3 1-3 per cent interest. Every
dollar of the amount will be expended in the city, and,
of course, will set to work earning profits or interest
for those into whose hands it passes. In private hands
it will, of course, earn more than the municipality has
to pay for it, so that while the city will be paying
3 1-2 per cent interest, the money having gone into
circulation will be earning in business and adding to
the general wealth of the community anywhere from
7 per cent up, and the interest charges will therefore
be in no sense a loss.
As for the benefits sure to result from providing
such grand approaches to the Park from the center of
the city at the intersection of Market street and Va 1
Ness avenue, from the Mission and from the Presidio.
they are so apparent that argument concerning them
!is hardly necessary. No community in America or in
Europe has ever regretted money expended for park
purposes. The very men who objected to such pur
' chases have in the end been proud of the parks after
they were opened and adorned. All the progressive
cities of the Union — New York, Boston, Philadelphia.
Chicapo. St. Louis and others — have been wisely lavish
; in providing parks and boulevards and in no instance
has there been a complaint of having too many parks
San Francisco must keep up with other cities. She
stands es the representative American metropolis on
the Pacific and it will not do to lag behind those on
the Atlantic.
GENERAL BULLER'S military censorship over
all reports concerning the progress of the war
in South Africa has been frankly asserted. It
has never been pretended that comprehensive in
fonnatioa regarding the battles or the plans of cam
has been permitted to the public. It appears,
ver, from recent statements in the Westminster
Gazette that the censorship has been applied to mat
ters of politics as well as of war, and that the people
of Cape Colony have we!': founded complaints to
make of the tyranny with which it is enforced.
The Gazette quotes from a letter written by a man
whom it declares to be "of unimpeachable loyalty"
and for whose knowledge of the subject it vouches, a
strong arraignment of the manner in which the
Dutch people of the colony have been treated. The
letter is an appeal to the justice of the better class of
the British people to guard the rights of the Dutch in
Cape Colony. Among other things the writer says:
"Just look at our position. One hundred and
eighty- five meetings were held throughout the colony
protesting against war, and yet these were abso
lutely ignored by the Governor, while every little
league meeting had its resolutions cabled over to the
Secretary of State for the Colonies as the expression
of public opinion here. Now we are not even al
lowed to cable our opinions. Then it is continually
hinted that, when the Free State and Transvaal are
conquered, we shall find our liberties curtailed and
matters so arranged that the newcomers to South
Africa will have the balance of political powers placed
in their hands. The Dutch people have behaved
splendidly through all this trying time, but once let
the opinion become general that their liberties will be
taken away from them and tuch a spirit will be
aroused that it will be the beginning of the end. Now
is the time for all true friends of South Africa to exert
all their influence on prominent politicians in England
to get them really to understand the true position of
affairs out here. We have done all in our power as a
Government and people to preserve the peace of
South Africa. That having been swept away, we are
using all our influence to keep the war from spread
ing into the colony, and you can imagine how diffi
cult this is, with this colony used as the base of
operations against the republics."
This arraignment is the most serious that has been
brought against General Ruller and the Ministry
that supports him. A censorship over reports of
military proceedings, while it may be ill-advisad, is
not in itself unjust and can be readily excused, but
why should the censors deny to the people of Cape
Colony the right of cabling their opinions to London?
The Cape is far removed from the seat of war and
the opinions of the people are not rightly lubject to
military law.
It is well known that if the Dutch people in Cape
Colony should determine to make common cause with
their kinsmen of the Transvaal and Orange Free
State, the difficulties of the British would be vastly
increased. In fact, a general uprising would make a
war of conquest so costly that even the most ardent
rf British imperialists might well shrink from at
tempting to prosecute it. That fact gives a deep
significance to the censorship which Buller has
established over political opinions as well as over war
rews. It may have been designed to prevent the
dissemination of disloyal sentiments among the
Dutch, but it may aUn have the effect of causing the
very thing it was intended to prevent.
In all your talking do not forget to talk of the ad
vantages of the proposed park extension and thut
confirm your friends in a determination to rote for it.
THE BRITISH CENSORSHIP.
MINING BUREAU MIRED.
GAGE AS A GEOLOGIST.
PARALYZED BY POLITICS.
A LAW BY BLACKSMITHS.
The miners of the State will be delight
ed to learn that the State Mining Bu
reau la in an Inchoate and dirty political
mess as the result of a boid but foci
patronage-grabbing play by c few poli
ticians with Governor Gage apparently
playing the rola of chief bandit. This
Important State Institution, from which
the mining Interests rightly expect much,
is paralysed and has been for months, as
mr as its most Important functions so,
as the result of an attack by the r.poils
nien. The bureau has suffered more or
less rrom the curse of practical poll* lrs
before, but now It seems completely mire I
In this familiar slough.
California now has two State Mining
nurcaus at loggerheads with each other
K n £n tne old one ~ ls mired at the ferry
building with Just enough money to Keep
open and In quiet operation the flnci mu
seum, library, assay laboratory ami bu
reau of Information with which It Is
equipped by law and In fact, but with no
money to go out Into the hills an.l d< -
crts with the miners who need IU ai<l
The other is a new one. run by Governor
Gage, fancy free, with $30,000 and all out
doors.
Then there comes Into view In the rear
the Interesting development that this new
gubernatorial bureau of science and In-
£ u »try Is probably Illegal and that Its
$20,000 will be taken away from It by the
courts Whenever anybody makes a ltg-i!
astault on It. as somebody ls likely to >lo
before it acquires a very long hlitorv.
And while viewing these troubled insti
tutional twins one may hear the poll'i
cal pulls fairly creaking as the mesx
grows more Involved.
This situation has been developed hv
the recent delayed action of Governor
Gags In appointing Stephen Bowers and
W. L. Watts of Los Angeles as field ex
pertg In accordance with the provisions
of the- last appropriation bill supplying
funds for the State Mining Bureau.
It's Just that bill that has made the
trouble. In the last Legislature the rep
resentation of the mining Industry and It-
Influence, through the California Mln rs
Association and otherwise, was strong
and there was no objection to continuing
the $28,000 a year for the support of tho
bureau. But some people thought lhnt
It would never do to let the patr^na*
get away from the Governor and .tls po
litical friends Into the hnnda >f the Dem
ocratic State Mineralogist and the board
of trustees, where It properly belonged.
Keport credits mainly Assemblyman
Valentine of Los Angeles, chairman of
the House Committee on Appropriations,
with the scheme to get away witn th<*
patronage. The general appropriate..'!
Mil as Introduced by Valentine and o;is.«<"d
provided $50,000 for the two fls,al years
"for the support of the State Mining Bu
reau." but Included a "provided," etc.
to the effect that $20,000 of this sum shoul 1
l»e spent In scientific and practical exam
inations of the mining districts of the
State. Including the mother lode and oil
regions, this work to be done by compe
tent experts, "to be appointed and their
salary fixed by the Governor."
•nmpetcnt scientific and practical f.eM
work is what the mining Interests fcunt.
The thing looked all right from a mMc
away to people not Interested In who got
the Jobs and who didn't go near enough
to smell It or see the bugs In It. Th^
Governor generously favored the miners
with his approval of the measure and
then the year began to age tnd wh-n
July 1 came the miners waited for the
fallows with geological hammers ar.il
notebooks. Late In >»ovomber, after live
months of the fiscal year had gone and
the blessed snows and rains had come lo
mountain and foothill, the Governor gave
to the miner? Messrs. Bowers and Watts
>f Los Angeles.
This Is the start of the expenditure of
that $20,000. There has been no announce
ment of how many field experts are to be
appointed, or what they will be paid or
what they are to do. The section of the
appropriation bill at Issue regulates nei
ther the number or salaries of th« "ex
perts." The Governor may apparently
appoint one man at $20,000 a year or a
hundred to work for a few weeks.
When these appointments camo along
the duality of the Mining Bureau showed
up. State Mineralogist Cooper took the
stand that the Governor's employes and
their work was none of his business. He
reasoned that as the law Rave their ap
pointment and compensation into the Gov
ernor's hands they were responsible to the
Governor alone. As executive officer of
tho Mining Bureau he would not be re
sponsible for the work of men over whom
he had no control. Mr. Cooper simply de
clines to know or care anything about Mr.
Bowers or Mr. Watts or anybody else that
Governor Gage makes a field expert. a
nurse In the Stockton Insane Asylum may
IS well send a salary or expense bill to
him or report for Instructions. "Who in
the dickens Is Bowers? He doesn't belong
to the Mining; Bureau." Is the State Min
eralogist's consistent attitude.
So Messrs. Bowers and Watts must re
port for orders to Gage. who. as a mem
ber of the Board of miners, must
audit their bills. So the State Mineralo
gist can't go out and study rocks. Bo Gov
ernor Gage Is at the head of an indepen
dent Institution that he can do as he likes
with. He Is the creator, director and
hoard of trustees of the Geological and
Industrial Survey of California. He says
to Bowers. "Come!" and he comoth. and
to Watts. "Do this." and he doeth It. So
Gage has the outside and Cooper the in
side. Bo the situation would be funny If
It were not so sad.
But people interested. Including »••*]
authorities, after examining the situation
rarefully. declare without hesitation that
the portion of the appropriation bill sot
ting aside this gubernatorial perquisite 1?
unconstitutional and void, and that It
would be -•'o declared by any court before
whom a suitor asked that the State Board
of Examiners be restrained from passing
the bills of the Governor"? mining bureau
The provision is called another piece of
legislative blacksmithlng.
It is pointed out that the State Mining
Bureau exists and is regulated by the act
of March 23. 1893. by which it was reor
ganized. This organic act. which was
drawn by Charles O. Yale. H. .as E.
Browne and John Hays Hammond, pro
vides for a board of five trustees, which
"shall have control of all properties and
fund." of paid bureau." Again It says that
the trustees "shall manage ami control all
the finances of said mining bureau." and
that tho fuml "out of which all the ex
penses of said bureau shall he paid shall
consist of • • • such moneys a."
fr<>m time to time be appropriated by the
Legislature for the use of said bureau."
The State Mineralogist "shall perform
the duties of his office under the control,
direction and supervision of the Board ••(
Trustees." "The said State Mineralogist
shall have the right to appoint competent
assistants and qualified specialists when
necessary in the execution of his plans
nml to fix their compensation." but sub
ject to the approval of the Board of Trus
tees, and such appointments "shall not
become effective unless bo confirmed and
approved."
This statute thus clearly defines the
manner of control of all funds appropri
ated for the support of the bureau nnd
the manner In which assistants shall be
appointed. The appropriation bill was a
simple appropriation bill, entitled "An act
making an appropriation for the support
of the State government of the State of
California for the fifty-first and fifty
second fiscal years." The Mining Bireau
act wan not repealed or amended and
still provided the government of the bu
reau for which money was approj •
The appropriation bill gave "for the eup^
port of the State Mining Bureau for the
fifty-first and fifty-second fiscal years
$60,000." But this was followed by a "pro
vided" clause, which In effect amended
the act of March 23. 1593, by providing a
different way of appointing assistants and
fixing their salaries, and so far nullifying
that act.
The constitution regulates the manner
of amending laws, requiring that "every
ait shall embrace but one subject which
.shall be embraced In Its title"; providing
that If this law be infracted only so much
of an act not embraced In its title shall
h* void, and requiring a revised or amend
ed act to be "re-enacted and published
at length as revised or amended "
It 1b argued that the Mining Bureau
act was not so amended, and that It could
not be amended by an appropriation bill
Hence the Governor has no right to ap
point Mining Bureau experts and fix their
compensation. Perhaps an appropriation
bill could legally reorganlxe the National
Guard and provide that every private
■hould be appointed by the Governor at
a salary named by him. or provide a
dollar for each Insane asylum and a few
hundred thousand for the Governor to
use In boarding out crazy folks and pay
ing his doctors, and then perhaps it could
not. State Mineralogist Coopt-r disclaims
any Intention of flgl. 1 rnor on
these grounds and thy Trustees are keep-
Ing mum, but the interesting tangle will
likely become entertaining soon In va
rious ways. It is held that with the "nr >-
vi<i<-d" knocked out of the law, the whole
appropriation would go to the regular
bureau. This Is the Interesting an 1 doubt
ful tangle that "politics" bad got the
Mining Bureau Into.
As things stand the State Mineralo
gist and trustees have control of but $15,
000 a year. This Is asserted to be only
enough to keep the doors open and main
tain the present Inside force. When Mr.
Cooper took the office he made no re
movals, and that makes his present tlx
more Irritating. The bureau by another
act was allowed $7500 worth of State
printing besides the $50,000. The Governor
will not get a whack at that for print-
Ing reports of his experts without a light.
Mr. Cooper proposes to use It In publish
ing bulletins, maps, county mining regis
ters, etc.. whenever he can get the State
Printer started.
Many people are grinning at the spec
tacle of Governor Gage, M. E.. Ph.B. and
Doctor of Political Pap, as State Geolo
gist, and are wondering what sort of a fist
he will make of It and how he likes It
an far as he has got. But. perhaps, they
are only Jealous, and perhaps he • will
make a record in the scientific world.
Others can't help thinking that If needed
scientific work In this Held Is to be done
It should be directed by the men and the
institution set to do this work for the
State.
Friends of the bureau regret to see It
so completely made a political Junkshop
and are afraid that it will Injure It in
public opinion and make It suffer in the
future.
It Is important that able men be sent
Into the California mining field at the
time of so great an awakening In the min
ing Industry, and when so much helpful
scientific and practical work needs to be
done, but yet the personality of the field
men appointed seems of less Importance
than the principle and method which hare
brought the Mining Bureau to Its present
low estate.
There Is already a howl going up
through the Suite, and It will soon be
louder. A sample one la wafted down
from San Andreas. The Calaveras Citi
zen makes this roar:
"Governor Gage has apolnted one
Stephen Bowers, editor of the Voice, a
Prohibition party organ of Los Angelas,
as Kxamlner of Mines, an office created
by the last Legislature. • • • No min
ing legislation then accomplished created
more comment, and prominent miners
have been pulling wires and exerting In
fluences toward navlng the biggest men
among them selected by the execu
tive to do the work. • • • There
were competent mining men galore
in both the northern and southern
mines who were recommended and who
w<mld have been satisfactory to a ma
jority of those Interested. The position
is an important one and should have been
Klven to a man arknowl«Hlgedly at the
head cf mining affairs— one whose merits
would have been Instantly recognized all
01 er the State.
"When Bowers' appointment was an
nounced the mining men of Central and
Northern California were dazed, and on
I \«-ry irrew indignant. Not only was
titness Ignored, but sectional or geograph
ical courtesies were utterly violated. The
pontaneous question among mining men
w i-<, "Who In Hades is Bowers? And
echo answereth not. Little Is now ex
pected from a measure authorizing the
expenditure of CViOO. and from whlf-h
mining men generally had great expecta
tions."
A Needles dispatch to the Los Angeles
Times says: "A rainfall of nearly .75 of
an Inch at Needles last week and a much
heavier fall in the adjacent mountains
and on the desert has added Impetus to
prospecting. Many old-time prospectors
have been waiting for rains In the moun
tains, so that they could venture Into
therwlse waterless regions In search of
mineral. More interest is being shown In
mining and prospecting than for some
it la estimated that a much larger
number of prospectors will be in the
mountains this fall than ever known be
fore. Capital is also being attracted this
way and information is
from many and distant points regarding
the mining and mineral outlook In the
Colorado River Vallejr."
The Vermont Marble Company is in
iting marble quarries in Mono
County, which surely has a future In the
production of fine marbles.
Thll . In the line of
!ii<nt wnrk. Only a month remains
!ti which tn >!■> ;i«^-^smerit work required
to be done by the end of 1*99. Of course
i many claims will be simply rt-
! right af"»-r the first of the year
:f nobody • tea th«'in first, an un
just right bestowed by the present Fed
• rHI mining law.
iopments have been made
in the Hit? RoniMl mine, south of An-
Kols (.'amp. which liavr caused the stock
to tako a jump from 50 cents per share
to $2 50. Htyi the Calaveru Prospect.
Sinking Is K«tnK on and the shaft has
reai-hcd a depth of >X> feet. At thla point
some rock was encountered, some of
which will go as high as $1900 to the ton.
The big new stampmlll at the Arbona
mine In Tuolumne County has beei
in operation after some difficulties with
the water supply.
A rich strike of eight feet of high-grade
•itc has been made in the Ford mine of
Calaveras County.
The I'tica Is now running wholly by
electric power and other developments
nnd Improvements are vigorously under
way.
Th» Pennsylvania of Nevada County has
yielded anoth.-r monthly 20-cent dividend
amounting to IIO.OOj.
The q-iartx mill of the Gray Eagle mine.
In SWi i County Is about completed
There .ir»- 4(XK) tons of ore on the dump
l>:m T. Cole and F. R. Webe have
bought the old Ante I*p and Brush i
mines of Sierra County for $iio. subject
to liens amounting to $7000.
The people who are preparing to ex
tensively dredge Yreka Creek in Sisklyou
County have, after much searching for
Information, estimated that *■
placer gold was taken out of this' creek
and the tributaries in its basin alone a
distance of twelve miles.
Rich new strikes In the wonderful Crln
ple Creek district of Colorado have
Its rntf of iToijuctlon proba»>h I
a year. The Isabella r<
fifty tons of ore that yielded lift •
J O DBNNI
AROUND IHE
CORRIDORS
A. B. Wyckoff of B««ittle I* registered
at the Palace.
Judge A P. t'atlln of IMrmmrnto U
staying at th.« 1.1,-k
c M. Coglan of the Htat* ii o«r«1o «r«1 «>f
Equalization b nt the 1.i.-w
M. Cunnlnjshnm. « wmithr wool m.in
of Los AnK«l«». l« rrutiiKrcl nt the IJck.
Bmtrs Kuhrini»n. v BfMstMM merchant
of Beattle. Is at th« l.i.k *hlle t,, th«
city
James McCormlck. a *cnlthy mining
man of Sonoru, Is a (110*1 at the Califor
nia.
E. W. Murphy, MM of the loa<ltnc bu«l
ness men of I.oa Aukclch. la a cuoat at the
Occidental.
A. C. I.uok. a prominent mln» owner of
Austin. New, Is among the recent arrivals
at the Grand.
1.. A. Mares, a wealthy frult-irrower of
Fresno, was one of the arrivals at the
Palace last night.
W. A. Oett. nn Influential politician ami
well-known attor:i««y <>£ Sacramento, la
registered at the Lick.
Dr. J. 8. Kloeber. one of the leading
medical men of Seattle. Is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank l.yman have co me
down from their home In Sacramento and
are staying at the Grand.
C. W. Parley, a well-known land owner
of Modesto. Is making the city a short
visit. He is at the Gr.ind.
Lieutenant A. H Merrill. V. B. N.. {* at
the Palace, where he arrived last night on
a visit of pleasure to the city.
Thomaa Lane, son of C. D. Lan«. the
capitalist and mine owner, who has re
cently had such good fortune In the Capo
Nume diggings. Is at the Grand. He *r
yesterday fr>tn Mexico, where he
has been for some tlm** past. ■
CALIFORNIANS iN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. -Senator Per
kins and hla two younger da
rived to-night and are at the i
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES
The navy budget of Holland for IStB-ID-X)
foot! up to $6,621,010. of which $2,833,505 U
for ship construction and $2,5!H.040 for pay
and pensions.
The French torpedo gunboat La Helre.
recently built at Cherbourg dockyard, has
passed through a twenty-four hours' cor
tinuous trial, during which he avcrag.-i
twenty knots, the engines developing WO
horsepower. The four hours' forced
draught trial had to be abandoned owing
to hot bearings. The vessel Is calculatM
to make twenty-three knots with TOW
horsepower.
Hallebarde. French torpedo gunboat of
300 tons, built by Normand. Havre, real
ized a mean speed of 22 knots during fly*
hours under natural draught, ami 27.2
knots under forced draught during one
hours run. As the boat Is thirty f«*et
shorter and thirty-five tons greater dis
placement than boats of similar type In
England, the performance appears highly
satisfactory.
The British third-class cruiser Barham
of 1830 tons, built In I*B9. has had her old
boilers replaced with Thorny croft water
tube boilers. At th • three hours'
trial she developed 12S0 horsepower
and a speed of 13.21 knots. This
vessel when first built was a
source of great disappointment tn
the Admiralty. She was calculated to
steam 19' 3 knots under forced draught:
after four trials and considerable altera
tions she passed through the <'!ght hours'
trial February 17. !■ 'i. with a mean speed
of 17.348 knots on MM horsepower. Bras
sy's Annual credits the ship with 470Q
horsepower and 18. C knots speed.
The Turkish Navy Department has re
covered a considerable amount of th*»
treasure sunk off Smyrna In th« battle of
1770. The Russian admiral's ship Tshesm*
and other ships were sunk in waters 00
to 120 fathoms In depth, and the Greek
divers hired to recover moneys and otbtr
valuables lost have had a hard ia k. (or
which, howtver, they have received tho
handsome nun of 5J4.000 thus far. Tho
divers located the Russian ship and took,
out 12.000 golden ducats. 20.000 golden
double ducats and a vast quantity of
other gold and silver coins, besides Jew
elry, Future operations will bo carried
out on the sunken Turkish ships.
Holland is preparing to build a coast de
fense vessel of 4960 tons at Rotterdam.
Its dimensions are: Length. 222 feet;
breadth. 64 feet; draught, 17 feet 8 inch* 1.
The engines of 5300 horsepower are to give
a speed of 16 knots, and with C-0 tons of
coal a radius of action of COOO knots at
ten-knot speed Is calculated. The ship
will have a six-Inch all-around armor
belt, two turrets of ten Inches and a pro
tective deck of two and a half inches. Tha
battery is composed of two 9.4-inch, car
ried singly In turrets; four 5.D Inch quick
firers; four 12 pounders and eight 1.4
pounders. The torpedo arrangement In
cludes two submerged broadside and or.*
above water torpedo tubes.
The system in sheathing ships DJ
Russian navy Is t
Grantham and differs greatly from |]
White, which Is used in the British ax.d
American navies. Grantham's is fa:
expensive and complicated tn that it em
braces two thicknesses of wood laid on
vertically for the inner layer and c
horizontally by the outer layer, and it
also provides for longitudinal steel string
ers The White system Is that of one
thickness of planking with a heavy coat-
Ing of paint or marine glue on the metal
skin, the planking being securely fasten
ed and tightly calked. The advantage
with this latter system is Its elm;
and Insignificant cost, besides th« ■
to effect local repairs w
off large surfaces of she..'
Russian Admiralty sticks to Ol
system, giving as reasons: First. .
nniteslmal cost; necond, that the In
creased weight of Z per cent dim.:
the speed only 1 per cent: r> ;r\J, that if
properly done it entirely secures tl
or Iron skin against damp Off rust, and
fourth, that the il stringers add
to the general solidity of the hull.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend"*.*
Not»— 81 Fourth st., 5c barber, grocer;
best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses end public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
» ♦ »
A London bathhous* last summer paid
{125 a week for a million gallons of fil
tered Thames water.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect rucces*. It aoothea the child, soften*
the gums, allays pain, cure* VTlrxl Colle. reju
late* th* Bowela and Is th» beat remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arlatn* from lead cr
other cauaea. For aale by drucic'.'ts In every
part of th* world. B* fur* ar.l ask for Mrs.
WlnaloWa Soothlna; Syrup. Be a bottis.
Tourist Excursions.
Personally conducted tourUt excuratoss, Tia
Santa Fe Rout*, with latest veattbuled. res it.
upholstered slipping can. through from Cali
fornia to Boston every Wednesday. St. I*aul
•very Sunday and Friday, to St. Louts every
Sunday, and to Chlrao anl Intermediate
polnu »rery Sunday. Wednesday and Friday.
Call at ticket cf&cs, CS Market a:re«t for full
particular*.
HOTEL DEL COKONADO-Takd adT%nta*«
of the round-trip tickets. Now only :■;:■ by
ateamshlp. Including- fifteen days' board at ho
tel: longer atay. S3 CO per .lay Apply a: 4 New
Montgomery street. Pun Francisco.
The California Limited
On th» Mir.:* 1"« noute. Connrcttnr train
Iritvr* at X p. tn. MnnJ*r. W*«lne»iajr. Friday
■ rtil >.>tun'.*v. Cr.t i! iv to •«« Los Ar(->i ml
beautiful P<M«4«Ba If drtlreJ. All m«i!i
»nu! In H«r\<»y • dining car* Flaeat
• •jtjirr*-* train and beat track of any tin* to th«
V »»i Om full p«rtlcu!ar* an.l hanlsom* folder
at ttct#t if..v. Cl Market »'-'-•
■ ♦ .
Comml«aJoner William A Jones, after
rarrful »tud>*. Renounces that a full.
Mood Indian has never developed Insan
ity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Can't Stand Cold
Many children can't
stand cold weatlier. The
sharp winds pierce them,
and the keen air hurts them.
They have cold after cold,
lose flesh, and ipring^timc
rinds them thin and delicate.
will make such boys and
hearty and strong. The
body is better nourished,
md they arc better pro-
tected. The blood becoma
richer, and that makes them
warmer.
\oc and Iv an, ii drantsML
SCOTT & BOWSE. riiinihii7lla- Ym±Work in the Field of God
FATHER YORKE TALKS
OF IRELAND REVISITED
St. Peter's Church Crowded With Those
Anxious to Hear the Eloquent Priest.
REV. FITTER C. YORKE lectured
| J last ever.ln? on "Ireland Revisit
ed" to an audience that filled
.very pow and every fhair that
could be crowded Into St. Peter's
hurch. II <• addressed an audience that
v:»* !n full pympiithy with the subject and
did not allow a single word to escape It.
ratty his references to and his de
i riptlon <-f conditions in the "old land"
I r. ut;iit tears to tho oyes of those who
ivrr*- f.imilSar with the rconcs from which
drow such vivid word pictures.
Father Yorke runimed up the condition
f Ireland as Iw-ing jnore prosperous than
':'. hap born f<.r ages. He spoke at lonpth
AMUSEMENTS.
PASTE THIS IN YOUR HAT.
CONTRIBUTE YOUR MITE
TOWARD AIDING THE
SICK, DESTITUTE or Dill PLAYER-FOLK
Thursday Afternoon, Dec. 14,
AT THE ORPHEUM,
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE IN AID OF THE CHARITT FUND
OF THE —
Associated Theatrical Managers
of San Francisco,
REPRESENTED PV THE COLUMBIA. CALIFORNIA. GRAND orERA HOUSE. ALCA-
ZAR. ORPHEUM. TIVOLI. ALHAMRRA. CHUTES AND OL.TMPIA.
THE GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED!
FREDERICK XVARPE and Company, from the Columbia.
T 1 ■• rit.WVLEY company, ftvm th* California.
\n «ft nf '-HIS MAJESTY, from the Grand Opera House.
An »<~t of -MOTH Kit EAIITH." from the Alcar.tr
CAMM.T.K HARVILLK. GEOHGE FULLER GOLDEN and the Cream of Vaudeville.
trt.tTi the «>rrh<mm.
FERRIS HAR7MAN end an Operatic Surprise, from the Tlvoll.
ORIGINAL GEOROIA MINSTRELS, from the Alhambra,
MAJOR MITK and Elk ThinKs. from the Chutes.
CAl> WILSON und VauJ«-vill» I.iphtn. from the Olympia.
CURTAIN 11ISES AT ONE O'CLOCK. SHARP.
CARRIAGES AT 5:30.
THE MANAGERS AND ACTORS HAVE HELPED EVERY KNOWN
CHARITY— NOW »lELi> TH M! ENOUGH SAID
RESERVED FEATS— Entire Ground floor, SI: Baleoi I.'c and W*e: Bos Peats, |i M.
BALE OF SEATS VvILL BEGIN AT THE OIirHEUM BOX OFFICE MO.VDAT MORN-
ING. I>E<"EMBER 11. AT » O # CLOCK.
CALIFORNIA THEATER s"^
AGAIN, A VERITABLE TRIUMPH! '
FECOND TREMENTOUS FUCCESS OF THE j
A LEY COMPANY,
THH BEAUTIKUU ROMANTIC PLAT,
"AN ENEMY
TO THE KING."
Presents, as BsaaL In n. nup^rb an 1 mmptuous
mat^nor. charscterlrtlc of Mr. T. Daniel
Krawlev's Htsute l*rDductlons.
F"c-jr» yr.ur FPatj> early. .<*' "'i
«.* *.L!b ■will be anr>t.her j*,(t^S*T\ •
. ; {LCC l !.'D BREAKING (Ji^m \
r^rj-T^R rßi<~ns. 1 *
rv»r.!r.t 75c, B<V% 25e \ •*
":..•'•■ toe, 25c \ J^^^^^^\<f'
"S'\\ FumlAV Night. *^\ '
T! <• Third Gr*at Play. "'!••••• ;
"TNI: FATAL CARD."
CIOWDED EOCSES < DELIGHTED AUDIENCES 1
TWO FAMOUS STARS.
CAMILLE D ARVILLE
The Qu*cn of Comic Opera,
AND
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN,
TTie King nf Mrmolnrfsts.
W:ih a rtrong collection of high class Vaud*-
vil!* Celebrities.
r."«»rv»><l «w«ts n crnts; balrony. 10 cents:
opera chain and \»<x w«ts. M rents.
Matinees Wodneyday. Haturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
'T.ocnrv FOR DECORATION AND REPAIRS.
TVjx ry.?.r+ open an usual for sale of seats.
GRAND GALA REOPENING
NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT
Por the Comic Opera Season.
Gonreous production of
TAR and TARTAR
R'arfiraranr* of the popular comedian
rEKRIS HART/VIAN.
Priurn nf charming ANNIE METERS.
\:'.K I'r.ubl* ''ftmpar.y of Favorltem! !
Unsurpassed chorus and Orchestral !
All PiwrtOßi l*re«ent*tlon* Eclipsed! !
rnrTLAR I'RICES-rs and CO cents.
TfJf ;i!ion» fcr te«ts. ! h •.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— DOUBLE BILL,
Ftrrt Time on Any Ft«ite. Francis Powers* I
Mexican Tragedy.
"MOTHER EARTH"
INCREASED ORCHESTRA.
Music by EMILE BRUGUIERE. Preceded by
the Humorous Farce,
•UP TO WATKINS."
SEATS 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
II INVIGORA-
t'.t an«l Nervine.
Th* jnott wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tnr.lc fur the S'-xual Organs of both sexes.
The M- vi. ..n licmedy fcr Diseases of the Kid-
nrya and HU<l<W. Hrlls on its own merits.
NAI-rii. AI.KS A. nRUNE. Agents,
£13 Market ttrcct. &. F.— (Send for Circular.)
lof the social, religious and educational
i conditions of her people and gave an ex
haustive review of the present political
situation in the Emerald lele. In Eng
j land's difficulty In South Africa. Father
: Vorke eald. he saw Ireland's opportunity
and he hopet'. that she would be equal to
I the occasion and take advantage of It.
The address was one of abounding elo
; quence and absorbing Interest. Briefly,
th* speaker said:
There is la our hearts to jro back at
, least In spirit to the eccnes of our boy
hood days; to keep in mind the pictures
of the old days and the old sights. Wo
love to link of the land of our birth,
where the gross grows greener, the moun-
COLUMBIA wSSss
Vs# V * SsaU &ft Ba#i/*^ ****n*
i ~-
ILAST 7 NIGHTS ,|
THE BFNSATIONAL SUCCESS.
JACOB LITTS GREAT REVIVAL OF
BRONSON HOWARDS WAR PLAY.
SHENANDOAHI
200 PEOPLE. FlO HORSES.
A really RATTT F ROICNR
stupendous aA 1 1 ooriix rj.
NO INCREASE IN PRICES— to tl.
NEXT MONDAY FREDERICK WARDD
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 512.
ALL Tins WEEK.
Elaborate Production of the Original
Comic Opera.
HIS MAJESTY.
Munlc by H. J. STEWART
Libretto by PETER ROBERTSON.
Incidental to Act S. CHARLES H. JONES'
Latest Device.
THE MARCH OF THE ROYAL PAGES.
BY BEAUTIFUL GIRLS.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES—
.".Or. 23c. ISc. 15c, 10c.
Good Reserved Feat at Saturday Matinee, Me.
Branch Ticket Office Emjx>rlum.
(THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.)
Eddj and Jones Su. Phone SOUTH 770.
WE ARE KEEPING OUR PROMISE BY GIV-
INO THE BEST SHOW IN TOWN.
THIS IS WHY WE TURNED PEOPLE AWAY
LAST NIGHT.
iDO YOU WANT TO ENJOY A HEARTY
LAUGH? THEN COME AND SEE
"MR. PLASTER OF PARIS"
one WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SPECIAL PRICES:
Evening* 15c, 2&c. SSo, and Wte
Matinee „_..„„ lie, 25c and S&o
Next lials? Mgkt-Origintl OEOEGU MINSTRELS
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE,
In His Great Imitation of CORNILLE.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS,
RITA WINFIELD.
Th« Talented Young Violinist.
FRANK HALL BUBDUINO WALLACE
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
6EE THE HIGH DIVER.
Cheer Up In tb« "CABARET DE LA MORT." #
AMATEUR PINAFORE MliN-
BTRLLS THURSDAY.
Phone for Seats— Park 23.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
SECOND MEETING. Dec 4 IC. 1559. Inclusive
Six hlßh-dses runnlnc races every week-day,
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand utand. glass-enclosed, where
comfortably housed In bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains ltav« Third and Townsend *tre«ts at
»00 10 40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12: li. 12:35. 12:50
and 125 p m.. returning Immediately after
last race nnd at 4:45 p. m. Rear cars reserved
for women and their escorts. No smoking.
Valencia street M minutes later
San Jose and way stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:4S p. m.
Hates: San Francisco to Tanfcran and re-
turn, Including admission to track. II 2s.
W. J. MARTIN*. President.
F. U. GREEN, Secretary and Manager. .' :j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1899.
tains higher and the women fairer than I
on any other spot on earth. It is not un
natural that we should wish to visit in
person the land of our birth and become,
ns it were, boys again; to be happy and
without care among the scenes we loved ,
Mt well.
"The thing? that seemed to us great ,
Prosperous Erin Pictured From St. Peter's Pulpit.
when we were but four feet high do not
seem bo preat when wo look .'it them
through the eye* of men. Th« new pic
ture- Is different from the old picture, but
still It Is an IdeaL Ireland Is a garden
of Eden at whose pates there Is no angel
with a flaming sword. 1 would like to
i make you Fee Ireland through my eyes
and see It as I saw It. It Is a small coun
try, but It makes a hitr picture. For you
who have seen It in the years long pone
I by many changes have taken place there,
but, thank God, they are for the better.
"I saw my native land after being
away from her shores for fourteen years.
The changes were wonderful. It has In
deed been a holy land; a land of legions;
a land where great deeds have been per
formed and great wrongs suffered. Her
people are facing the same problems and
difficult!*-* that we are. but they are fac
ing them under far different conditions.
For the past IN years the clouds have
hung over her and even now she Is a oone
of contention."
Father Yorke told of his voyage across
the ocean and of the Joy that filled his
heart when he caught the first sight of
"holy Ireland— the land that Is ever an
cient and ever new; whose skies both
laugh and cry." Continuing, he said:
"I can Me them now us I paw them
then and as I remembered them when I
was a boy. When the plad news was
ppread around the ship that land was In
Fight. Ireland arose out of the ocean like
a Venus, the goddess of beauty. Many
thoughts came to my mind as the hills
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"peerless
oil COMPANY
OFFERS EXCELLENT INDUCEMENTS TO
INVESTORS OF SMALL MEANS.
Our property Is the S. E. V, of Sec. 31. Tp. IS
S.. R. 2? E. (160 ACRES PATENTED), in
ME IT* niVEH DISTRICT,
Four miles north from Bakersfleld.
ALREADY THERE ARE
TWELVE IMPORTANT WELLS
In our Immediate vicinity, and there are
NO DRY HOLES IN THE DISTRICT.
Peerless Well No. 1
19 DOWN /6O FEET.
And without doubt we will strike the oil be-
fore reaching the depth of 850 feet.
W« have not yet advanced our price above
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
CALL FOR PROSPECTUS. MAP AND RE-
PORTS.
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS:
JOHN M. WRIGHT. President.
Hon. JACOB H. NEFF, Vice President.
H. c. PARK. Secretary.
Hon. JAMES Q. MAGUIRE. Director.
R. W. HART. Director.
OFFICE. ROOM 47. EIGHTH FLOOR. MILLS
BUILDINQ. SAN FRANCISCO.
a Week
"? X Pa y n for any
7 I \ " tvl " y°u may
( /l^l Uailor-made
\JBtt >KETS, SUIISI
hOrnSs CAPES," Eft.
''']£&™&6 ty Correct styles
ff&psW'&\ anij fit (njaran-
t'%Mf*yM& \ *^ De accompa-
bi&i2lX2s£t \ ny\ag Illustra-
Dx^'XifJiv* *«A tlon ll one of the
/^>s?*<- J^atSA' very latest of
[%Wt&%ffis£k W » Ikln « Suits.
CHICA6O
fir *t ••»!♦>
f MARKET ST.
Open Evenings.
Tiff T\C* P anent cure. Entire Uim
■ 111 LW devoted to rectal diseases.
■ II T^^ References, those cured. No I
1 RMJMJkJ •urgery. A. J. ATKINS.
M. D. 935 Butter st., San
Jt'raaclßco; hours ) to a p. m. 1
grew larger and the little settlements
alone the chores became more distinct.
"Words cannot descrihe Its lakes hidden
among the hills, and its feathery woods,
like great ostrich plumes clinging to the
mountain Bides. Hrr mountains are not
large, but there Is something ahout them
that is entrancing; they spring up from
APOSTOLIC DELEGATE
ON HIS WAY TO MANILA
Archbishop Chapelle.
\ 4 ONSIGNOR CHAPELI,E. Archbishop of New Orleans and apostolic
A/\ delegate to the Philippines, arrive*! in the city y»-st» r<l.iy morning and
IT 1 is now at the Palace, where he will r< main until Tuesday next, when
he leaves on the Sherman for Manila-
Accompanying the Archbishop is Rev. Father T. Stenmans of Holland,
', who goes to Luzon In the capacity of secretary to the distinguished prelate.
Father McKinnon will bo the third member of the party, hut will not have
any official connection with the Archbishop, as has been commonly supposed.
He will go merely as an army chaplain, but his knowledge of the Philippines
and of the conditions obtaining there will be of Infinite value to the Arch
bishop, who will avail himself In a large measure of the counsels of the cx
, chaplain tf the First California Regiment.
The mission of Monslgnor Chapelle is similar to that which carried him
to Cuba and Porto Rico at the conclusion of the 4kir with Spain. Previous to
that difficulty there existed a union of church and state in all the Spanish
colonies, which has been dissolved In such as have come under the sway of
the United States. This change has been productive of all sorts of entangle
ments, which the Archbishop will endeavor to straighten out as far as lies
in his power.
Though a Frenchman by birth. Archbishop Chapella Is in every other
sense a thoroughgoing American. His work In Cuba and Porto Rico speaks
for Itself, and has resulted In his carryinß with him on his present mission
the confidence of every well-informed American, irrespective of creed. He
will use his influence to promote the general welfare of all classes In the
islands, and his constant aim will be to do his best to forward the policy
of both church and country.
Upon arriving here yesterday morning Archbishop Chapelle was met by
Father McKinnon and Vicar General Prendergast and taken to the Cathe
dral, where he celebrated mass. At the conclusion of his religious duties he
wa« entertained at luncheon at the residence of the Virar General and then
driven to the Palace Hotel, where rooms had been reserved for him.
Though it was not the wish of the distinguished visitor to be Interviewed.
he. consented to receive a representative of The Call. He is a man of great
personal magnetism and with a fund of ready humor that sparkles through
all his conversation and causes one to leave his presence envious of those
who will have the pleasure of becoming his traveling companions on the long
voyage across the Pacific.
the sea like a sentinel wall around the
country.
"But best of all Is that hospitality, that
blg-heartedness that clasp of the hand to
the friend that has come back. No hearts
are so open, no hospitality so generous as
that of the Irish people. The first thing
that struck me when I began to look
about were that the people were so much
more comfortable and so much better
clothed. Everywhere there was evidence
of prosperity. The economic condition of
the Irish people to-day Is equal to that of
any other nationality similarly situated.
•It is purely an agricultural country,
the manufacturing being confined to n
small corner. The trouble with agricul
ture there has been that it was twice
stolen from the people within a century.
Twice in that time the land was taken
from those who tilled it. It was such in
tolerance of the British that created the
landlord class that bad no sympathy for
the tenants. Early in the century they
be^an to demand their pound of flesh. I
remember the time when the people car
ried In baskets on their backs sand and
seaweed from the shores to build on the
bare rock the soil in which to raise their I
potatoes, and on this they were charged
rent, and the soldiers and the police stood
back of the landlords to enforce their de
mands. Think of those conditions when
all of the improvements were made by the
people.
"Parnell came then as the savior of the
country- The people rebelled against the
oppression: they stood shoulder to shoul
der and gave their ultimatum to England.
Then the laud became owned by the land
lords and the tenants with equal Inter
ests, but this dual proprietorship Is
gradually disappearing and the people
are buying their own farms with money
advanced by the Government. The inter
est Is less than the rent and the farmers
have the satisfaction of proprietorship."
Father Yorke said that this was one of
the most hopeful signs that he noted, and
be asserted that It was due in a largo
measure to the work of the Catholic
clergy among the people. He denied that
there was any truth in the famine stories
that occasionally reach this country from
Ireland. He .-aid they were founded on
conditions that exist in what Is known as
the congested districts of the island,
which conditions could easily be remedied
if England would show the proper spirit.
England, be said, has always been able
to scatter money like water in foreign
wars, but she is very stingy In caring
for her own subjects. He continued:
"One Of the bad things that I saw In
the country was that the people are not
eating their own potatoes and not drink-
Ing their own milk. Tea and bread seem
to be the chief articles of food.
"The Catholic priests are back of much
of the advancement of the people; they
have not only been looking after their
souls but after their bodies as well. • The
Irish people are not backward, not dead,
not sleeping. If they i id any kind of
government they would be In far more
prosperous condition than they are. They
are still Striving in and out of season to
better their temporal and religious condi
tion, and If the Irish priests can only keep
the train ngolng at its present rate the
future will bring us all what we wish
for."
Father Yorkc said that one of the ffreat
esi dangers is that they have lost their
Gaelic language; that It has been crushed
out of them through the national school
system, find if they do not see the danger
In time they will become little more than
pock*>t editions of Britons.
"One hundred years ago brightness
dawned on Ireland, when the English
were bottled up at Yorktown." he con
cluded. "They went hack across the ocean
again and were »rlad to treat the Irish
with kindness. The Fame thing Is now
occurring on another continent. Eng
land's difficulty In South Africa Is Ire
land's opportunity, and I hope that her
people will take advantage of It and then
will come that Independence that we all
pray for. and Ireland will take her place
among the nations of the world."
Indianapolis' Superintendent of Public
Schools pays prosperity decreases the
number of pupils.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE TAMING OF THE SHREW: STAGE HISTORY.
Copyright, 1899. by Seymour Eaton.
POPULfIR STUDIES IN SM AX liSIMZARc.
Contributor* to thin coume: Pr Edward Dowdfn, Dr. William J. Itolfe. Dr. Hamilton
W. Mabir. Dr. Albert H. Cook, Dr. Hiram Corson, Dr. Imm N. Dcmmon. Dr. VUi D. Scud
ilor and othrrs.
VI. Tx^F TAMING OF THE SHREW
(Concluded.)
The Play as an Acting Drama.
The dramatic honors of "The Taming if
the Shrew" as an acting play belong to
America. The play Is scarcely known to
the English stage at all. What Is known.
Instead, is a farcical version of it. in
three acts, compiled by Garrlck in the
middle of the last century (17M?). known
as "Katharine and Petruchio." GarrlcK.
though he loved Shakespeare well, and
won many of his greatest honors in re
suscitating Shakespearean plays and im
personating Shakespearean characters.
paw in "The Taming of the Shrew" .iot
the spirit of comedy which Shakespeare
intended, hut the spirit of farce. Aceori
ingly. he made a somewhat coarse and
broad farce out of it. And a coarse,
broad and unfortunately as a rule ■ sonip-
ADA REHAN AS KAIHARINA.
what vulpar farce It has for the most
part subsequently remained.
Garrlck is not to be wholly blamed for
this. The play as a comedy U pernaps
the least Interesting that Sh.ik-
Wrote The character of Katharlna Is
not attractive either to players or to spec
tators, at rteast to the players an<l the
spectators of to-day; and the ctaractOT
of Petruchio is less so. Nor are tho mirmr
characters, though for the most part th"y
are well delineated, sufficiently Important
in tho dramatic action of the play to he
Interesting either.
It was the late Mr. Augu~tin Daly who
stated Shake«ji<>are's play of 'The
Taming of the Shrew" and gave It a
distinction and honor It never knew he
fore—ln fact the only rral distinction nnd
honor It ever knew. This he did In l fi «7.
Hfl presented "The Taming of the Shrew"
almost as Shakespeare wrote It. Includ
ing even the "Induction," only that he
shortened the play somewhat and amal
gamated some of the scenes In whl^h P-t
ruchlo and Katharlna appeared togstbef
In order to make them more effective.
In addition, he magnificently staged the
play: for example, making the banqu-t
scene at the end an affair of almost rt*^ il
splendor. Kuthermore, ho gave to H a
capital cast. Ada Rehan was the Katha
rlna. John Drew the Petrix hlo and Wil
liam Gilbert the Christopher Sly. An a
result the glamour of a great name, of a
Shakespearean revival In short, together
with Intrinsic merit In every department
of the production Itself, won for his effort
the brilliant honor of both an esthetic
ami a pecuniary success.
Of Ada Rehan's Kaili irina In this re
vival there Ib but one opinion. It was in
every way a complete realization of
Shakespeare's conception. It at
took Its place in the glorious company Of
the world's ldeaJ Shakespearean heroines,
along with Adelaide Nellsnn'* Juliet. i:i
len Terry's Ophelia and Helen Kaucll's
Rosalind.
It Is doubtful, however, if ever there
will be another manager to try throws
with fortune In "The Taml'i* of the
Shrew" as Mr. Daly did. and iher- f re
still more doubtful If ever th< re w'll l»e
another Katharlna equal to Miss Baton's
Katharina.
In England there have been two at
tempts to reproduce Shakespeare's "Tam
ing of the Shrew." One of UMM w i- :v.
ls4»>-47. when under the dlifclKm of the
dramatic critic and author, J EL I'l.tn
che. the play was brought out as nearly
as possible like what it would have t ■
In Shakespeare's time. There was no
stage scenery and the changes of seen©
in the play were indicated by the baas>
Ing up ->l placards, the placards nav'ng
the names of the scenes written upon
them. In this reproduction Mm Nlsbeti
(then T^ady Booth) was the Katharlna. and
with her beauty, her vivacity anil h-r
exhilarating humor a very effective X >tn
arlna she was. It is said that her eyes
were as bewitching and her laugh aa
mirth-provoking at Mrs. Jordan's.
The other English production of "The
Taming of the Bhrew" was that marir by
that conscientious laborer In the Bh.-ik- v
perean vineyard. Samuel Phelps of Ba<l
ler'n Wells. In 1856 Mr. Phelps prr - -
the play In Its original form as one of
his series <the tm*enty-nlnth In the series,
we believe* of great Shakespearean re
vivals. But. unlike Plane-he. Mr. I'h-Ips
produced the play as Mr. Daly afterward
did In New York, with a liberal -qu.p
ment of scenery and appropriate .oi
tumes. The remarkable feature In this re
production was the part taken In It by
the great Shakespearian nctor ami
scholar himself. Instead of taking the
part of Petruchlo. which would natural
ly have been his, for he had frequently
played it in Oarrlck'B "Katharine ard
Petruchio." he took th* much humr.l, r
part of Christopher Sly, and this simply
for the purpose of presenting to h:
rons what he conceived to be the true
Shakespearean conception of this very
amusing but minor part. The admirers
of Shakespeare owe a great debt of grat
itude to Samuel Phelps. Without 4mM
he did more toward extending a true
knowledge cf Shakespeare throughout the
play-going world than any other human
being.
Adaptations of "The Shrew" have been
very popular in Germany from the seven
teenth century} In 1&4, out of 70S per
form.»rre<« of twenty-five Shakespearean
plays in Germany. "The 8hr»"w" was giv
en eighty-three tlm««* by flfty-onc compa
riles, exclusive, of some twenty-five times
In the earlier version of ivj_.
Questions for Research and Review.
1. What dramatic purpose is subserved
by the Induction? Why do we hear no
more of Sly after act I of the play proper?
2. By what means is the drunken Sly
flattered into a "lord"?
3. Can you separate th* three little plays
that make up this comedy? How are they
entangled Into one unity?
4. Does your enjoyment of the play arise
mainly from the quecrness of the charac
ters or from the |INfBW of the situa
tions?
5. Which affords the more extravagant
fun. "The Comedy of Errors" or "The
Taming of the Shrew"? In which one of
these plays are the characters and situa
tions the more nearly normal?
8 What are the aucceaslva stages In tha
taming of R
7. What two characters are most highly
Individualized? What scenes do ftm
■*i'I«T • Is there a relationship . f
cause and eff.ct between the two parti ■ f
this question?
I Do I'-truchlo and Katharlna offer
points of contrast? Is Petruchlo assum
ing his character merely until Kathaiin*
»*hall be tamed?
9. Do you Imagine Katharlna to be with
out physical beauty? Has she. any excuse
for her actions In the early part of the
play?
10. What role has Rlanca to perform In
the part of the plot that precedes her
marriage?
11. Contrast the Widow. Btanca and
Katharlna as wives. Which character Is
least Individualized?
12. Contrast Hortenslo, Lucentlo and Pe
truchlo as husbands. What traits of char
acter are different In the first two?
13. Compare the repartee and word-play
In this comedy with that In "Love's I.a
bor's Lost" and "The Comedy of Errors"
—both M to amount and as to keenness.
Is there, In any of these plays, evidence
that the poet restrained his power In re
spect to these things?
14. How do the fathers of the play com
pare?
15. Are you satisfied with the way In
which Oremlo Is disposed of? What In his
character and circumstances tends to rec
oncile you?
16. What are Orumio's strong points?
Tranlo's? Which Is the better schemer?
17. Consider the clowns and servants of
the plays thus far studied. What seem to
be common characteristic* of these
clowns? In what do they differ? Which
is the most capable of them all? And
which Is the most cloddish?
Ohio State University.
COURSES Ot INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term. 1889-1800.
MONDAYS and" THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYB: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February IS, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
REGULATION OF TRUSTS.
An Interesting and Instructive Lect
ure Deliverer at the Temple
Last Night.
Liberty branch of the Social Democratlo
party met at the Temple. 117 Turk street,
last evening to listen to an address en
titled. "Regulation of Trusts." which was
delivered by James L Reynold*. At 8
o'clock, the hour appointed for the meet
ing. the spacious hall of the building wa«
crowded to Its utmost capacity by thosn
who had gathered to listen to the address
and to participate in the subsequent criti
< Ism
H. J. Clemnan. acting as chairman,
opened with a few general remarks, after
which Mrs. Reynolds delivered an enter
taining reading. This was followed by a
piano solo by Mr-< Tlsen. after which Mr.
Reynolds was introduced to an audlencA
that listened to him with close attention
for the next hour.
At the conclusion of the lecture ths
subject was thrown open for general dis
cussion and criticism. Many nf thn*A
present availed themselves of the privi
lege.
■ m •
Twenty-Minute Worker*.
The Twenty Minute Worker* of St.
Lukes Episcopal Church will continue
their bazaar this afternoon and expect to
dispose of the beautiful and useful art
cles on exhibition at greatly reduced
prices. Admlaaign to the bazaar la f re*.
56
YEAR'S BEST BALL GAME
BIG RACE OF BICYCLERS
BIG MONEY
GIVEN AWAY
BY TRACKS
Amounts Won by Leading
Stables — Standing of the
Jockeys to Date.
Th» season now in progress has given
owners of horses that could win plenty
of opportunity to lay away ■ snug mini
of money ero tho snow Dies. Since the ln
cepilon of the California Jockey Club's
opening meeting on September 23 last, the
following stables have yon over $000:
Hums At Waterhouse, ,sll.t3D; Dr. H. K.
Kowcll. J1530; P. Kyan. $4»5u; J. O. Brown
£i Co., !2b3j; Pueblo ttable. £.775; J. Coffer.
»27£>; AL Storn. ?_>:«u; Barney SehreibtT.
5"iV»0; IS. Cornwall. $^.25; Alameda stable.
32iZ>; W. Shields. H'IO-j; A. B. Spreckels,
J^37o; AY. D. Kan Jail. $^275; J. J. Moran,
J2075; H. J. Jones. $19fcu; Carruthcrs &
Shields. $11*75; J. P. Schorr, SIG3; K. J.
Baldwin. flT>is; True Briton stable, JISSH;
J. It Shields. |_Jsu; C. P. Durnell. $1520;
L>. S. Fountain, 51f.05; K. Hughes, $1455; T.
K. Mclaughlin. $1450; J. Foley. $12W; J.
S. Gibson. i:315; C. 1-lnd. |U00; W. li. Sink
Jr.. »11'7j; X. McMahori „• Co., J11S0; A. J.
Stcmler, $1170; G. Summers, $1145; Cam
bridge Htable. $U00; K. F. Kdwards. $1030;
a. P. Tate, JloT*); P. Ilildrvth. ll\)£>; Walter
Jennings. $iCS; l>oii Cameron, y.»70; J. C.
Humphrey, $:C; Dan Honig, $X>o; K. M
Unmll. $:n>o; C. Hoots, *!>m/; W. 1_ Stan-
I'.ld. $sstt; P. Moore, $!CJ; S. F. Capps,
Jss<); Remsnti stable, $803; W. lusher. >7i5;
Mi~s M. O'Conntll. $775; T. G. Ferguson.
I7S0; E. F. Smith. $743; J. J. Grant, $749;
K. H übbi.il. $725; O. Appleby. $705; Foster
c- Uiickitu $7iX>; K. G. McConnell & Co.,
IGS9; llolmaii ie H.,1.:.-. $070; Dr. 1. \V.
•> I: :K. . *uV., Dom> & Co.. S'-S; li. C.
Ahkr*. $USO; J. L. Crooks. $«05; F. l'bll
:•;.-. >■■". «'. P. Romish. $375; Crane &
Owens, $375; C. G. White, $575; G. Denning,
$:•."•<.•; Smith A: Smythe, $a<s; F. J.
u'Hourk«. $3"0.
The money earned by the horses of P.
J : ;. ; i : i was won almost entirely at Tan
fi.ran. as was th«- amount credited to K.
Cmtigaa. Th« Sprockets colors were seen
« 'lily at Ouklund. ami with Uie exception
if $V*i'. the amount taken by Dr. Rowell's
li<irn\s was captured at ihe track over
the bay. H«»i>es racing In the name of
S. P. 'late won $liCi» and were trained by
Fred Edwards which capable young
trainer ai«?o took $Hi3u with horses rac
ing In his own name. Galen Brown won
XX&, ajid also trains the A. B. Spreckels
htriiiß. which drew down $2370 In purees.
The veteran Mat Btorn8 torn has $2&*o to his
«rodlt, and tbe $1433 won by Jennie Reid
credited to U. Hughes also represents his
£T;ib)«\ i* Mat tr;uns the usi-iul mare.
In the following list of jockey mounts,
tli-- tnblo 1« n-»t arrang<vl «»n the percent
age basis but according to the races rld
• ien and the results obtained. Thorpe
head.* iho. list, which is as Iowa:
Name cf Jockey. l«t. £d. M I'np.
Tlmn* tl 3S ;*; * < h
rum* « rv n »
•Ward - 2* IS 15 **
i:. lorn ..- n a M 60
y.v.u a a: : a:
h^UljrT 1$ 1J H 81
J. Kurtln •' ii 11 11 *»
J. Waii-h 14 J 7 ID
HulJni»n 13 12 4 14
j; ; ;n.»i U 10 11 41
•M.'Ul*-* * 13 It 21
1-vin • » « XI
Henry » H 1» ti
T Uiluil » 11 16 4*.
■Cobarn « 7 i 43
Yi:nt<- . 5 4 C 11
Purocrr .4 * S 6
.*-;u:.rt _ 4 2 & 52
•liaduaaa 4 i IS 29
•J'ufTy .- a 3 t 2i
J.Minson ~ > « 4 12
M..rrw» •- J 11 > 33
J% :•..! 3 I I Si
lioxeaiaa .*. 3 1 3 li
i:Uir . . 2 2 18
raunti-n-y 2 2 3 14
HYtwley 2 4 1 12
K< llui- 2 0 0 10
•Mitl.sk.ry 2 7 2 11
J.lMik'.in 2 2 6 22
UMta 2 0 0 3
MCCOtt 2 i 0 -J
) :..I.i:i 2 1 2 12
11. H. 1 .:.., 2 4 1 «
Woods .3 6 in
Marty i • : „-» :. 1 2 8 t4
Coaler ... 13 6 1*
•\V. . trvMK ... .1 8 4 31
Powell 11/02
J. t\>l»r 13..
C. Wilson . 10 0 6
llor»e - 0 14 12 IT.
Kni«i*r _ V I 1 4
.A •..,-. >T . • 1 • •
•J. Iln.wn 0 118
Qato _ . oioo
i;ui<t . 0102
J>mric _ ■ Olot
Ilelniton 0 10 7
V. McCarty • i 2 11
• •rrtf-n • 10 1
n lUj*» 0 1 1 ie
'■.'.) « — .. 0 0 2 4
nillott - • 0 2 :
Qlrca » 0 0 2 It
Ml)(« nerern Owl;
KUejr ..••II
1. «»fh"»t .... ....„.„.. 0 0 l t
Komero ............. 0 01k
1.. Turner 0 0 16
Wall* „.... 0 0 0 1
\V. Ap^l**y 0 0 0 1
J.r-«'.:rr 0 0 0 1
j'.rnck 0 0 0 1
Baa»in*sr oooi
).'..; lirvwn 0 0 0 1
T»l<tro 0 0 0 1
l^m** .... 0 • 0 1
i "...•!:>• oooi
Clover 0 0 0 1
«....- • 0 • » 11
'•••-. . 0 0 0 C
J I'-Jy 0 0 0 «
i>"»ltt ooos
llyliind .. 0 0 • 2
••N>ll 0 0 0 2
Ilayner C 0 ' I
■\ValT)wrt*rht .... 0 0 0 6
•Now undw BUFprnnion.
Kd. Krlpp returned to Sacramento last
evening and will not cut in at Tanforan
until Tnursday.
Artaces, which Ah. Stemler nearly
l"?>t ihrough slckn«»sS at Sacramento after
his return from the East, la reported to
»*• rapidly on the mend.
Tan f.. ran Park reopens to-day with the
following card of eventa:
To-Day's Entries.
Flrrt mre — Seven furlonei; tw*-yaar-©Jds
punt?.
«1> l>lnm»4 mo «oo nurdoe «
lit Advance Guard. lo3 572 Th« ■- ho ... 100
31£ My Gy;m>- 100 «i Kickumbob 103
B«cnnil rac^— mile and a sixteenth- three
3f-ar-old« and upward: BeHln*.
2»4 O«-y)if>« $7| sci Ca*t*k» 103
<«07)I.pOth!an Ml r» Alicia 103
<4Cl)Oßtlfr Joe 112 • 401 Silver Ton* 96
a*2 Er.ipg US I .4 i erwonne 103
Third rar*— Fix furJono; 6elllsr; three-year
eldM and • ard.
*'' AJumlnura 1H 3U Tule 107
rs3 K.>rmflla 101 2VS Mumle ■i 101
-?.!• AJannuSa 104 Hi Wilmeter 104
a,: Tuiiainor* mi 401 Alaska 107
CRSMrbuta 107 341 Melkarth ... ICI
144 l^.vinc Cup ii» a« Aprona 101
<::«3)Mr«onto 107,(^3)p () t«-nt» 104
... I'oteutat* 107'
_____
Fourth rare— Ob« mile and an elrhth; haafll
rmp.
«7J)Zw>a«i-f 105, 337 Malay . l M
3kC Opponont f$ 3>4 Stutlcart ' 10
SH I»r. N>tnbula....lOT »S t>_re II ti
»% Kln«Tna#ter M. "
J^"^ race-One mile • r.d an elrhth; hurdle
40S Orans-r IS] 2SR p p m
2SI l>uke of York. .140 2T4 ]Co«*more* its
» "«j |g w K3S re ..:::::::l',i
.'<« J O C 137 ... Monlta ISO
au Una Colorado... II 1 247 Tungo I! ".IS
Flxth rare-One mile and a rtxtwnth; pura«
141 Hohenlohe m ... Jnv^rary II ]M
ri2<J. 11. Morri«....]A 34SPirmlns '" \u
2M»l.*na 104 »4 Tfrapo . 107
aa schuier 107; 401 Kirmtcan;.:.:;;;_o7
Selections for To-Day.
Flrrt race— toed. My Gypiy. Advance
Guard.
Second -Silver Tone, Ostler Jo*. Alicia.
Third race— Afamac I*,1 *, Potent*. Moeorlto.
Fourth race— Zoroaster, Opponent, Dr. Nem
bula.
Fifth IJntiell Ftable, Grancer.
Birth rare— <J. n. Morrti. I>na. Inverarjr IT.
■ ♦ ■
Murdered and Bobbed.
I'AU-AS. r. x . Dec. 3 I^uis Srhlnka,
• Of I 'alias and a rich
cltuten. waa found muniered and robbed
r-thoufte square to-day. Five
men have been placed in Jail on euipldon.
BEST GAME
OF BASEBALL
THIS YEAR
All-Californias Find Eleven
Innings Necessary to Beat
the Champions.
All California 4. Sacramento 3.
With Hughes, the foremost pitcher in
America, in the box, the All-California
team had to play two extra Innings tc de
feat tho champion Sacramento nine. Xot
for many a day has such baseball been
j played in this city. Over 6500 enthusiastic
j Fpectators packed the stands and bleach-,
ers of the Recreation grounds, expecting
to see an exhibition of high class base
ball, and in this they were not disappoint
ed. Tho game was of that Interesting or
der that holds the attention from start to
finish. At no time during the game did
one team have more advantage over the
other than a single run, and during live,
innings the non was tied. The crowd en-
Joyed the sport and excitedly applauded
all of the many sensational featured of
the two hours' contest.
Both Hughes and Harvey pitched great
ball, and the teams back of them gave
their most earnest support. It was a test
as to the relative merits of a team made
up of cracks of the big leagues and the
local champions. Sacramento does not
lose much by the comparison, if their
game yesterday was a criterion.
The California League champions came
first to bat and Harvey •cored the lirs.
run of the day. When he walked to the
bat he was received with shouts and ap
plause. A two-bagger evoked greater
noise from the bk-achcrs. On Sullivan's
out Harvey went to third, scoring on
Chance's throw to second to forestall Ea
gan, who had been given his base on
balls. Two nil were made by All-Call
fornla In the nrst. Van Haltren and
Chance coursing the bags.
In the next inning Sacramento sent
Doyle over the plate. Finding Hughes for
a two-bagger, lie went to the third sta
tion on Shanahan's sacritice. scoring on
an error of Johnson. Two all the score
read, and was not changed until the tilth
inning, when the "home returners" took
the It-ad. After two men had been en
tombed. Merles was made a present of
Jlrst base, stole second and on a bad
throw of Stanley to Sheehan crossed the
rubber. In the eighth the score was Mod
by Sacramento. Sullivan earned his first
base on a hit anJ coursed the bags when
Stanley hit to right Held. Johnson allow
ing the, ball to Blip through his lists. Score
three all.
After this ram.- nn < setting two In
•>ad made tir.-t on an t-rror bj
ban and second on a wild throw of Mar-
To third he went on Hughes'
out. M<-«'artliy then hit to Stl
threw to ihe p| khead dying
tame. Hut this aU of
the fast ball in the ninth. McCartb]
<-.iught h- ■ while
abom s base and the std<
retired.
b innlnp a
■
mento; f^r the
■
I. Hoth B and Mc-
Lauphlln
aught it uloi,
i going to
•i Union • A bum
ov. r. T:
M irvTO.
ah. i:. BR. Sn. PO. A. c
Mclaughlin. If 5 0 0 0 -00
Harvey, r I 12 117 ]
I suiiiv»ji. lb ; 1 1 0 ii 6 0
Kajran. a. • 4 0 0 1 3 4 ]
Stanley, c i 0 2 0 « 2 1
Dcqrle. rf 6 110 10 C
Shfuianvi. Cf 4 0 <) 0 2 0 1
: Bhp*han. 2b 4 0 10 12 0
&tulle. :b 3 0 0 0 4 : 0
Total* 40 3 7 2 Ml 23 "4
! •One man out when winning run was made.
AIAr-CALIPOnXIA.
AH. R. BH Sn. PO A. E
Van Haltren, cf 4 1 1 '• 3 0 0
Merte.«. It X 1 0 2 14 0 -0
Chance, c I 2 10 7 0 0
Hul*-n. 3b 4 0 10 0 10
l»ckhead. «. * «' 0 2 0 1 6 0
Hughe?, P 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
McCarthy. If 4 0 2 0 r> 0 0
Knell. :b 4 0 10 13 0
Johnson, rf 10 0 0 2 0 l
Total* S3 4 I X S3 14 "l
DOROTHY DRESSER WAITS
FOR HER TRUANT TOMCAT
T? ITTLE DOROTHY DRESSER,
LITTLE DOROTHY DRESSER,
niece of Captain Marden of the
Jl — 3 wrecked barkentine Jane A.
Falkenburg. If overjoyed at the
news that her big black cat "Budge,"
who was thought to have been
drowned when the vessel met disas
ter, has been saved. "Budge" was
Dorothy's pet- She had befriended
the feline when he was an outcast and
h'i»t him to sea with her uncle on his
last voyage in order to save his life.
The black cat's nocturnal concerts
nad not been appreciated in the neigh
borhood where his youthful mistress
dwells and It was brougfit to her at
tention that there was a frightful plot
on foot to end his promising career
with cold poison.
When the crew of the Falkcnburg
was rescued they took off "Budge" In
the lifeboat, but he escaped from his
Keeper and swam back to the sinking
ship. Dorothy learned of the wreck,
expressed much happiness that her
undo and his crew had been saved.
but her heart was broken when she
heard of the fate of "Budge."
Some days later when the news
reached here that the derelict had
been towed into Esquimau by the tug
Lome Dorothy scanned the papers for
a word about her cat and went Into
ecstasies of childish glee when Mm
read that "Budge" was safe and
sound on board the Lome, only a lit
tle the worse for a lone fast and the
buffeting of an angry sea. She at once
set about devising ways and means
for the. return of tabby to his na
tive land. Miss Dorothy, after much
deliberation, drafted on her slate the
outline of a letter appealing to Cap
tain Locke of the Lorna to take pood
care of "Budge" and send him back
to her. Her letter tells the story:
THE SAN FH AM CISCO CALL. MONDAY, DECEMBER 4. 1899.
SPORTS OF THE DAY
COURSING MEN CAUGHT AS THEY WATCHED THE DOGS RUN.
RVNS AND HITS BT INNINCS
Sarram^nto 11 00000 1000-3
hit* 1 1 0 P 1 1 0 2 1 0 0-T
Olfonua * ouoiooooo l — 4
BaM hits 3 201000010 1-i
SUMMARY.
Runii responsible for— Hughes 1. Harvey 2.
Two-base hits— Harvey 2. Chance. Doyle. Sac
rifice Staanaban. llerte*. Hulen, Huklios.
First base on errors— Sacramento 1, All-Callfor
nla 2 First baM on railed balU— Sacramento
2 All-California 6. L#ft on bases— Sacramento
6. All-California 7. Struck out— By Harvey 5.
by Hughe* 6. l>ouble plays— Harvey to Stanley
to • hun; Sullivan, unassisted. Time of game
—2 hours 5 minutes. fniplrr .l.hn Sheridan.
Scorer— J. W. Stnpleton.
CONEY ISLAND STAKES.
Entrance to Four Events Will Close
on January 3.
NEW YORK. Dec. 3.— The Coney Isl
nnd Jockey Club announces th© following
stakes, among other to close January 3,
UN, for the June meeting at Sheepshead
Bar: '
For three-year-olds and upward, the
Suburban. $10,000. of 1200 each for starters,
$H0 forfeit, or only $15 if declared out by
February 20, 1&00; guaranteed cash value,
$1 0.000, of which $2><ii> to the second and
$1000 to the third. Weights to bo an
nounced February 1; winners, after an
nouncement of weights, of two races of
$1000 or one of $2iWj. four pounds extra;
of two of $30 or one of $1000, eight pounds
extra: of three of $3000 or two of $4000 or
one of $0000, twelve pounds extra.
For two-year-olds, the Great Trial, $20.
000, for two-year-olds (foals of 1898) By
subscription of $200 each or only $15 if de
clared out by March IS, ISO If by April 15
or $75 If by May 15; starters to pay $250
additional: guaranteed cash value. $20,(.«.K),
of which $2.VW to the second and $1500 to
the third; winners of two races of $2500
or one. of $s(rjii. seven pounds extra; maid
ens allowed live pounds; about six fur
longs.
The Double Event. $10,000. the first event
to be run on the first day of the June
meeting, five and a half furlongs; the
necond event to be run on the last day
of the June mooting; about six furlongs.
The Great Eastern, $7500, handicap, for
two-year-olds, six furlongs.
"Dear Taptain I/orke: As my uncle
told me that ymj tupped in the Falk
f-nburg and found my cat all right I
thought I would write yon to send
back my pussy. My Uncle Is Captain
Harden and I only loaned him my cat.
1 eras plnd when my uncle was saved
but 1 was heartbroken when I thought
that my poor cat was drowned. When
the good news came, that he ftas res
cued I kept thinking what I would
write to you. My cat's name Is
'Hudge.' He was too old to go to sea
because he was 3 years old. He was
olways ar. affectionate cat and I loved
him very much. I want to ask you if
you cannot try to get him a passace
on some sailing vessel or steamer
bound for San Francisco and send
him back to me. I will pay all ex
p-nses.
"I suppose h« cries a great deal, but
that Is because he. la lonesome and
homesick to see me. Please be kind
to him and feed him well. When you
come down here call and see me— l
live at 830 Post street— so that I can
thank you for saving 'Budge.' Yours
obligingly. DOROTHY DRESSER "
l>"rothy is a bripht little miss of 9
summers. Never was a child more In
earnest than she is In her anxiety for
"Badse's" welfare. The cat win be
sent home on the first vessel that
leaves Victoria for San Francisco.
TROPHY FOR THE
CHAMPIONSHIP IN
SCULLING RACES
WON BY ALEX W. PAPE.
■ dl photo.
A I. EX \V. PAPB, who flies the colors
of both the Olympic Athletic <"Hii>
and Dolphin Swimming and Hoating
Club, baa held the single *<-vii
fiinrnpionship for two yeara. To com
memorate his i ictnrit-s, th*> officers of the
l\ici!i<- Athletic Association and Amateur
Athletic I'nion presented him th<* silver
trophy shown In tho Illustration. Mr.
( baa performed brilliantly in the out
rlgired skiff, a racing craft peculiar to the
waters of this bay. Next season he will
be se*-n in the shr-11 racop. There Is a
project on foot to bring Edward Hanlon
Ten Eyrk, champion amateur sculler of
the world, to this coast. If he comes Mr.
Pape will be the man selected to meet
him. Young Ten Eyck is anxious to come,
as Is also his father.
BEACON WINS
A STAKE AT
UNION PARK
Still Another Victory for the
Curtis Kennels at San
Jose.
Curtis & Son's greyhound Beacon dis
tinguish, d himself at Union Coursing
Park jreaterday by defeating EL F. An
derson's imported Crawford Braes in the
final of the open stake. Had the fates
dealt more kindly with D. J. Heale-y's
Lady Clare, she might havo replaced Bea
con In the final. She had to run two ex
tra courses through getting unsighted,
and once ran over two minutes. She
ehould have met Beacon in the next to
the last round, but was withdrawn to
*save her from possible injury.
The surprise of the day was the defeat
of Sweet Emma by Hot Haste. They ran
two undocld. d courses, and at the third
attempt Hot Haata led ajid beat the crack
of the Kellogg Kennels handily. Auck
land l>eat Dora B after running 2 minutes
and 17 seconds and was withdrawn. Blue
stone was also drawn after running 2
minutes and 56 seconds with Maud S. The
latter was favorite at 3 to 1. Lord Byron
beat Cash, which was favorite, at the
same odds. The result of the coursing in
detail follows:
Open stake-D. J. HeaJey's Lady Clare beat
Russell. Allt-n & Wilson's Master Clalr. T.
J. Crania's R of Tralee beat J. I). Cardt
neii's Thnrnhiu Comet; ,i. Dickson'i Blaflk
ileMi »»-at .1 McCortnack'l Harebraln; T. J.
Cn.nin's Wild Tralee beat Curtis & Son's Van
ity hair; E. and R. Scott's Lord Byron beat
Curtis & Son's Cash: Curtis & Sons Com
modi re beat W. Trade's Wandering Tom; D.
ChHla's Golden Hunset beat Handy & Smith's
Victor Queen; W. c. Olaawon's Terronlte ran
a bye: Curtis & Son's Narcissus beat J. J.
Edmonds' Morning Olorv: F. Moran's False
Flatterer beat Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon;
E. M. Kellogg's B wept Emma beat J. Segger
son's Candelaria; J. H. Harrisons Hnt Haste
beat F. MeCool's Fin McCool; D. J. HeaJey's
Maori Land beat A. J. Kemp's Signal; J. Car
mil's Au.Jtland heat F. Baker's Dora B; J.
Carroll's Rluegtone beat Curtis & Sons Maud
; Curtis *• Sun's Beacon beat Erwln & Lvuu's
May queen; y j McCabe's Craig Boy beat
J. Kennedy's Win. West; T. J. Cronln's Thorn
hill beat Dr Leonard's Master Lawrence;
Curtis & Sons The Fram beat Eugene Cas
serly's Sllenct; H. F. Andersons Crawford
Braes beat P. j MrCabe's Sky Blue.
Second round— Lady Clare beat Rose of Trs,
lee; Wild Tralee beat Blaxk Bens; Lord Byron
beat Commodore; Golden Russet, a bye; Nar
cissus b«at False Flatterer; Hot Haate beat
Sweet Emma, after two undecldeds; Maori
Land ran a bye. as Auckland was withdrawn:
Beacon ran a bye, as Blue Stone wan with
drawn; Thornhll) beat Craig Boy; Crawford
Braes beat The Fram
Third round— Lady Clare beat Wild TrsJee;
OoliJcn Ruhs-t l--:it I>ord Byron; Narrlnxua,
a bye; Bearon l,^at Maori Land; Crawford
Braes beat Thornhll].
Fourth round— Lady Clare beat Narclsous;
Beacon beat Golden Russet; Crawford Braes
ran a bye with May Queen.
Fifth round— Lmdy ciart was withdrawn tad
Crawford Braes ran against Beacon In the
final. Ueacon «un handily.
SAN MATEO PARK. STAKE.
Jnmos Dean's great dog: Connemara di
vided the stake at San Mateo Coursing
Park yesterday with K. K. dfl H. Lope**N
Whit* h>-. nl. The liKht fuiled before the
final eouM he run and the ownera divided
rather than run off next Sunday, thus
Bhutting then unt of another stake. Chief
Interest centered af-out the running of E.
D. Fallun's Lily of the W. -st. Bm beat
Pepita, Motto, Commodore Nash and
Gladiator, hut was b«-a ten by Connem;tra
in th«- ik'.vi round. The brace of grey
hounds were closely matched, but the
hare turned just a shade toward "Con,"
and h>- won.
He ran Like a champion throughout the
day, beating Buzton. Irma, Young Amer
ica. Vulcan and finally Lily of the West
In the third round, after ftosle Clatr had
won from Kigliy, the peir starti'd up and
coursed another h.ire for some tim*-.
Rnsi,. was drawn in th«- succeeding round,
giving Whltehead an accidental bye. Ho
enjoyed ■ natural our in the next round,
which placed him in the finaL
The dog ownera Interested will m^t in
the office of San Ifateo I'ark to-night u
discuss th«- question of as«uminp charge
of the courslns at the park. The park
directorate will meet on Wednesday to
accept i i r> j< i t the conditions made by
the coursing men. The running yester
day resulted aa follows:
J. Dean's Connemara beat Jeff Martinet's
Buxton; Gus Abercromble's Irma beat It. K.
de B. leper's Sara; Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal beat J. Segrgerson's White Chief;
J. O'Shea's Young America b»at it. K. de H.
Lopez's Wanda; A. Van der Wright's Master
Cordon beat W. L Steven's Artn. A C.
ltradbur>'*B Sardonic beat Jeff Martinet's Ber
na< Chief; Krwla A Lyon's Silver Wines beat
J. Ke^nan's Fear Not; CurtU & Son's Vulcan,
beat J«'ff Martinet's Be r m».i Boy; J. Perry's
Commodore Nash beat T. J. Cronln's Depend
On Me; 11. K. de B. Lopez's Arrow beat T. J.
Cronln's Iron Duke; K. D. Fallon's Lily of the
West beat R. E. do B. Lopez's Peplta; 1". A.
McComb's Motto beat Kelly & Hawley's Baby
Kins; J. Dean's Gladiator twat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Miss Skyrocket: Curtis A Son's Flying
Fox beat A. C. Bradbury's Bum; Russell, Al
len &l Wilson's Julius Caecar beat R. I", de B.
Lopes's Carmenclta; Connell Bros.' S«\orlta
beat J. .1. Edmonds' Go On; J. ( > Shea's Golden
Gate beat J. 11l fill film's Gold Hill; <;. At.i
erombl«-'s Miss Rabbit beat M. Tiernan's Van
Brax; E. D. Full ins Armagh Lay* a bye.
White Diamond drawn; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Whltehead a bye, Joker drawn; J. Keenan's
Royal Buck beat a. •'. Bradbury's Victor
Chief; P. McKane'ii Rlgby beat Jeff Martinet's
Bill Foster; Connell Bros." Lot Boy a bye.
Merced drawn; Russell, Allen A Wilson's Roale
Clalr beat T. Smith's Mary Black..
Second round— Connemara beat Irma: Young
America beat Prince Hal; Master Gordon beat
Sardonic; Vulcan beat Silver Wings: Commo
dore Nash beat Arrow; Lily of the Went beat
Motto: Gladiator boat Flylnu Fox; Julius
Caesar beat Senorlta; Golden Gate beat Miss
Rabbit; Whlt'-head beat Armagh Lass; Rlgby
beat Royal Buck: Rosle Clalr beat Log Boy.
Third round— Connemara beat Young Amer
lea; Vulcan beat Master Gordon: Lily of the
West beat Commodore Nash; Gladiator beat
Julius Caesar: Whltehead beat Golden Gate;
Rosde Clalr beat RlKby.
Fourth Connemara beat Vulcan; Lily
of the West beat Gladiator; Whltehead a
bye. Rosle Clair drawn.
Fifth round— Connemara beat Lily of the
West: Whltehead a bye. Connemara and
Whitehead divided first and second money.
Inglesido Coursing.
Wild Norah won tho final In the put»py
staJte at Ingleside Courting Park yesier
day with Firefly as runner-up. In t!ie
open stake Benicia Boy beat Lexington
In the final In a wt-11-rontested course.
Short -enilers were numerous enough Jar-
Ins the day to keep the talent guatf.ng
and king's Border's win from Belle
Claire at 1 to 10 put a crimp In many bank
rolls. Following are the day's results:
Puppy stake, second tie — G. Beulln's Alooh
beat I'orkery & Hi. Kan's Her Hlghnt-
Lahusen's Firefly beat J. I. O'Brien's Oood
Time; C. Bonnets Wild Norah. a bye.
Third tie— Aloah beat Wild Noraii; Firefly,
a bye.
rinal— Wild Norah beat Firefly.
Open Btake— Russell. Allen & Wilson's Belle
Claire beat J. O'Duwrt'i Shootover; Lowe &
Thompson's Kins'" Border beat L. Wiggins'
Dexter P; James Byrnes' Battleship beat W
C. Glasson's Joy Bells: H. A. Dockelman's
Snapshot beat Frank X. Foley's Sweetheart-
I). Shannon's Safeguard beat Murphy & T>v
land's Twilight Jr.: J. H. Perigo's Bell*
Seward beat J. McKnroe's Admiral Sampson-
F. F. ChamblU's Rooklln 8.-lle b.>at J Mc-
Enroe's Magic Circle; J. Maher's Benicla Hoy
beat J. Collins" Matchless: 11. Lynch' ■ Lex
ington beat E. M. KellotK's Hummer; H
Lynrh's Mystic Maid beat 11. A. I)*rkelman's
Rocker; E. M. Kellogg'a Lady Gilmore btal
M. Mlchalck's Glenroy; Joe Thrift's Forget
beat I). Dlllon'a Modesty; Larkey & Rock'i
Minerva beat J. Welch's Sweet Marie; j.
Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat Connell Bros. 1 Mamie
I'leasam. Russell. Alien & Wllson's ChlcaK»
Boy beat A. Johnson's Lowlander: j. p
Thrift's Grasshopper teat R. E. ile B. Ixipez't
Santa Rita; T. J. Mcllughs Maid of the Mill
beat H. A. I)eck"lman's I.*wrence; W. Mc-
Carthy's Johnnie F beat J. Ferria' 1., ah . W
McCarthys Lily of the Valley beat T. Kevin's
Nellie N; K. M. K .-Hogg's lowa Boy beat
Fleming Bros.' Flame.
Second tie— King's Border beat Belle Claire-
Snapshot beat Battleship: Safeguard beat Belle
Seward: Benicla Boy beat Ro.-klln Belle; l, x -
Ington beat Lady Ullmore; Mystic Mali! beat
Forget: Eleven Spot b*at Minerva rhliago
Boy b*at Grasshopper: Maid of the Mill l.^at
Johnnie F; lowa Boy beat Uly of the Valley
Third tie— King's Border beat Snapshot-
Benlola Boy beat Safeguard: Lexington beat
Eleven Spot; Mystic Maid beat Chicago Boy
lowa Boy beat Maid of the Mill.
Fourth tie— Lexington beat King's Border-
Benicla Boy beat Mystic Maid; lowa Boy, a
bye.
Fifth tie— B«nlcia Boy beat lowa Boy- Lex
ington a bye.
Final— Benicla Boy beat Lexington.
FALLING OFF IN HARES.
STOCKTON. Dec. S.-The Interior
Coursing Club had to declare to-day's
meet oft owing to failure to get hares
The Thanksgiving meeting was spoiled
for the same reason. The supply | 8 short
because of the bad weather, which makes
it hard to catch the prey of the grey
hounds. *
WINNERS Or THE RACES
WITH HARES AND HOUNDS
GOOD RIFLE
SCORES IN A
BAD LIGHT
Marksmen Shoot Year's Fi
nals Under a Leaden Sky
at San Rafael.
The final shoots of the year of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen and Vereln Eintracht
Schuetzen clubs were held yesterday at
Schuetzen Park, near San Rafael. All
■cores of the Callforntaa were tallied In
separate classes, a number being worthy
of note, notwithstanding the leaden hue
of the sky and the rather poor light on
the targets.
J. Utsvhig, with a final score of 2223.
made the highest score In the first cham
pion class of the California Schuetzen
Club. The scores In detail were a* fol
lows, all being finals:
California MHMtW Club, finals- First
champion class— John Utschlg. 2229. Second
champion class— F. E. Mason, 2217: J. 1..
Ltschlfc. 2117. First class— Otto Bremer, 2141: F.
W. l>iknup, 2018. Second class— J. I Gor
man. 2141; C. J. Walden. 2047. Third class—
A. Harpel. 1919; R. LsUUtr, I* >: Fourth class
— A Schrumpf, 1533. Cadets' class— E. Woenne.
1955; J. Kulhman. IS2S.
California Schuetzen Club, scores for th»
day: First champion cla*s— J. Utschljr. 217.
Second champion class— D. H. Faktor, 221. 217;
F. E. Mason, 220. First class— O. Bremer. 214.
208; C. M. Henderson. 2!*. 18.'.: F. W. Belknap,
207. IM; 11. Schroeder. 203. 195. Second class—
C. J. Walden. 207. 2%; A. Breuss. 200, 193; A.
JunKblut, l -2, 1S8; Captain Attlnger. 194. ISO;
J. Taram«yer, IS7. Third cla*s— R. Langer. 178.
147. Fourth class— F. A. Schrumpf. 137. IK
Vereln Eintracht Schu«z*n Section, monthly
medal shoot: Champion class— ll. Stettin. 415.
First class— J. Rohrer. 275. Second class— C.
Ehllnger. 349. Third cla*s-C. I Over. 232.
Best first shot— Captain Kuhls, 25. Best last
Captain Kuhls, 22.
Columbia Marksmen.
The attendance of the members of the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club on the
Harbor View range yesterday was as
large if not larger than usual, and the
markers and scorers were kept very busy.
As the year draws to an end the Interest
In the several matches Is keener, a num
ber of events being closely contested. Tne
last shoot of the year will take place In
two weeks and at the conclusion the mem
bers and friends of the club will assemble
at banquet at one of the downtown res
taurants, at which the distribution
of medals and other prizes will take place.
The recent record-breaking of F. O. \oung
induced A. H. Papa to come back Irom
the country to make another effort COT
the GlinJcmann all-comers' rifle medal.
So far he has not improved on his total.
j The best scores on this match yesterday
were ma by P. O. Young and A. B. L'o--
rell, who scored. 4s rings, Columbia target
count. In both the shot runs the bol!ets
were kept Inside the six-Inch circle. The
scores In the class medal and re-entry
matches wore as follows, rifle and musket
nt 200 yards and pistol, revolver and small
rifle at 50 yards:
Rifle, class medal. 200 yards, expert' O.
Young, :-; A. 11. Pape. 18. Sharpshooters— O.
M. Borley. 11l Marksman— <;. Hoadley. 195.
Pistol, class medals. *.. yard*— Experts— O.
M. Borley. SI: F. O. Young. M; C M. iia.i«-.
17; M. J. White. 84. Sharpshooters— Mrs. M.
J. White. 74. Marksmen— O. Hoadley. 71; Mrs.
a F. WHltham. k7; Dr. J. F. Twist, It; K. S.
\Va^h^>u^n, S". ; Mrs. G. Mannel, so.
He-entry matches, Gilndemann rifle medal,
200 yards, off-hand— A. B. Dorrell. 45, 62. 63, 65.
72; F. O. Young. 41; A. M rape. 64, «4; >:.
Mannel. S3. Military rifle. Creed moor count—
F. O. faunae, 46. 45.
Slebe pistol medal. II yard»— F. O. Younr.
33. C 2; J. P. Costrrave. fi2. C 6. 57. ■. Mrs. (i.
Mannel. 78, 82; O. M. I>al*s, "4. r,7. 47. 57; O.
Hoadley.' 16. 5?. 72. 91. 62: P. Becker. «1, 65. 67.
70. 71. 70. 67. 76. 64, 44. 16.
Lewis revolver trophy— F. O. Young, €5. (3.
69. 61. 69.
Dalits 22 and 23-callber rifle medal, 50 yard* —
Dr. J. F. Twist, 22. 29. 34. 36. 31. S. 32.
Uncord scores. 50 yards, pistol — M. J. White,
57; I*. Becker. 72: F. S. Wajhburn, 83. Rifle,
200 yards— F. S. Warhburn. 82. 103.
Shooting at £>hell Mound.
The Naval Militia. Independent Rifles
and the Deutscher Krlegrr Vereln held
their repular monthly shoots at Shell
Aiound Park jresterday afternoon.
The Naval Militia shot for a trophy,
two divisions of fiueen members taking
part. The score of the first division was
4(30. that of the second 475.
The regular monthly medal shoot of the
Independent Rifles brought out a few
guns. The highest score was made by
Corporal Charles Snonlng, 42 being record
ed to his credit; the total score was 4*7.
The Dcuts-cher Krieger Vereln .hot for
bullseyen and medal. The highest scoro
for bulleyes was made by B. Hctzel. with
five to his credit, and for the medal C.
Weyenmann, 3SI.
A Veteran Fisherman Dies.
George L. Bradford, a veteran fisher
man of Boca, on the Truckle, dud at
that place on Friday. H»* was a unique
Hpure In that vicinity for twenty-three
years. He was known as a most mi
ful angler, having earned a record for the
Llgßoat catcbM in th<- Truckee River. He
was never known to cast a fly out of Ma
son, but would take trout from I
Prosser dam and p!a<-.> them In Prowser
Lake for future angling.
'Tnrle C.eorge" was at all times a genial
companion to the boys, an enthusiastic
fisherman, and was reoognized ns an in
disputable authority on flics, as w.-ll v
all else pertaining to the sport. He was
burled at Truckee yesterday and was fol
lowed to the grave t.\ m.my frlrn«!* who
will greatly miss him. and who will re
member him alwa>s as a true gentleman
ns w<>il as a keen, scientific sportsman
He left no relative?.
Fun at the Chutes.
"Major Mite" continues to be the at
traction at the Chutes. One of the larg
est crowds of the season gathered at the
grounds yesterday and enjoyed the va
rious attractions.
There Is No Burning
Any one will tell you that Electricy >^^^\
will burn the skin, but not when proper- d^^* l*\
ly applied. A noted scientist has said, &g Ajw\
" If electricity could be given as a pill X2i |S?i^l<Bt\
it would be one of the greatest dis- JB jLJT^ol}
coveries of the age." Ido not claim <Sv & *•&
to give it as a pill, but I do claim that, i JL/_^'. y
by its application through my JsJMti=lPjfr*X
DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT.^W^v^
It is forced in a mild, soothing current "■'■■-:.■* f ' i
through all parts of the body without BURNING or BLISTER-
ING, as is the case with all other so-called electric belts. All
electrodes are supplied with chamois covers. If you are "weak
or nervous or suffering in any way send for my little book
"THREE CLASSES OF MEN." It is sent Free to any ad-
dress upon request. It tells all about my Belts, and how by
their use thousands of people have been cured. Ido not have
to make fraudulent statements about my Belts in order to sell
them, for they have a 30 years' reputation and sell on their
merits alone. Write for the book, or call at my office and con-
sult me free of charge. Office hours— to 6; Sundays, 10 to 1.
MT A RANTYEnVT MTMrdSt, San Franoiico, Cal
• It ill Uilll LJEjVi . IUSB*. S>n»(St. Lot Aagtlu, o*l.
Rbiml Bldf. . P»f lltai. Or.
NAPA STOCK
FARM YEAR
LING SALE
Superbly Bred Youngsters to
Pass Under the Hammer
on Decsmber J4.
A large party of horsemen visited the
Napa Stock Farm of A B. Spreckels yes
terday and inspected the big bunch of
yearlings to be disposed of at Occidental
Horse Exchange on the evening of De
cember 14. They were chaperoned by
Manager Harry Lowdrn. and after a
bounteous repast returned to this -tty
well pleased with the day's . utln»T.
Among thorn present wrre: E. A. Hopper,
associate Judge in the stand at Oakland;
Peter J. Shields, secretary of the 3tat«
Agricultural Society; Thomas Fox. Poat
master of Sacramento; Bookmakers Phil
Archibald and Max Cohen. Mat Storn,
George Berry and several others equally
well known to the turf.
Among the forty-one youngsters to b«
disposed of the visitors were especially
well pleased with the looks of Belzecbub.
by Imp. Crighton-LJsta Hock, the half
brother to Bumboulia. Cavanaugh, by
imp. Idallura-Lady Cleveland, was also
singled out as one likely to cause » une
bidding. Bride-Ale, by Eolo-Hrirlal Veil,
• am In for much praise, as did Ravelling,
by Ravelston-Klminta, a grand looking
bay colt. Follow Me. by Imp. Idallum-
Folly. had many admirers, and the blaok
colt from the great mare Candid, by Imp.
Idalium. will not lack for bidders on the
evening of the sale.
The full list of youngsters to be dis
posed of with pedigree Is as follows:
1. Alma Vale, hr f. Idaltum-Alma I>ale.
2 Andover. br. 1.. Idallum-Annle R*ce.
3. Bellerophon, eh. C, General Mllt»-Bell«
* U 4. r Boronla. br. f., CrlKhton-Border Lasst«.
4 Rironla. br. f., Crirhton-Bordor l^s«l«.
5. I mthe, br. f.. Eolo- Florence 11.
( Metacomet, eh. c. The Judice-ilet» 11.
7. Annesley, b. c. Idallum-Imp. Attorn*.
8. Pcnulllo, eh. f.. |.lallum-l'l«|uante.
9. L'tropoa. b. c. Eolo-L'matllla.
10. Glittering, blk. c. Idallum-Glltter.
11. Melanterite. b. f., General Mil»» Melanlt*.
12. Luculent. eh. f., Crljchton-Lucille.
13. Saccharold. t.. f., The JuJre-^acharris*.
14. Ravelling, b. c, Ravelstnn-Elmlnet*.
15. Our I*unch. eh. c Eolo-Irene E.
1«. Tlollta. b. f.. Crighton-Tloßa 11.
17. <*arrophyllls. b. f.. Idallum-Carnatlon.
11. Grace 1 "tip. b. f., Puryear D-Ort - B.
11 Noiumbege. b. f., The Judge-Xorumbega.
20. My ■»>-. br. f.. Eolo-Irene E.
21. Charenton. b. c. General Mile*-
Chartreuse.
22. Follow Me. b. c.. Idallum-Folly.
23. Fri.lolln. b. f.. The Judge-Fria*.
24. Grlscomb. ►> f., Eolo-Giia»lda.
2:. George Devrey, b. c. General Miles-
Georgia.
26. N>ll«r,i!rle. rh. f.. Idallum-N'elll* Bell.
27. Cambaceres. blk. c. Idaltum-lmp. Candid.
2S. Prut Ktr». b. c. General Mlle«-Vlellelcht.
23. Bride Ale. eh. f., Eolo-Brldal Veil.
30. The Ravel, eh. f.. RaveUton-Theres*.
31. Piqued, b. r . Idaltura- Pique II
32. Kolo Lass, eh. f.. Enln-Mlsa Dougtaaa 11.
33. Prg-a-LnnK. b. c. Crlghton-Sweet Peggy.
34. Cavanaugh. b. c. Idallum-Lady Cleve
land.
33. rate de Foln. b. f.. -.. Patricia,
SL n*lzeebub. b. c, Crishton-LUt* Heck.
37. Huuar Beet. b. 1.. Crighton-Vlctory.
35. Fa turn. eh. c. Crlghton-Fatlma 11.
33. The Trawler, br. c i.Trairtc.
40. Alnd«r. «lk. b. c.. Crlrhton-Abble. F.
41 Limb of the Law. eh. c.. The Ju«sg»»
Acnes li.
IN THE HANDBALL COITRT.
Collins and White Again Lower the
Colors of Kilgallon and Linehan.
J. Collins and J. White, the phenomenal
youngsters, carried off the honors In Phil
Ryan's handball court, SSS Howard street,
yesterday against th« so-called r>clono
players. Kllgallon and LJnchan. Yester
day's game between the quartet wan In
the nature of a return match to dcclrto
between the older and younger school of
handball players. Heretofore Kllgallon
and Llnehan were players against whi>m
few cared to combat. "With this record
It was hardly to be expected that two
youngsters would on every occasion lower
their colors. The scores In thin event
were: White and Collins 18. 21 21:
Kllgallon and Llmhan— ll. 21. 14. 13.
The scores of the other players were:
Terry McManu* and P. Hutchtnson de
feated G. ilutchinson and P. Kelly
Score. 21-15. 8-21. 21-12.
G. B. Hayward and M. Basch defeated
E. M''l><>nouifh and E. Lynch. Score
21-9. 11-21. 21-19.
Q. McDonald and P. Rtelner defeated
M. McNeil and P. McKlnnon. Score
21-13. 18-21, 21-10.
G. Smith and T. Leach defeated I'
Ryan and J. Condon. Score, 21—12 It— 2l
21—17. '
J. Glynn and A. Whlteman defeated W
Fisher and E. Antrim. Score, 21—15 I>— 2l
21 — 13- ' *
J. Harlow and K. Toy defeated W. Mi
gulre and E. Curley. Score, 21—10. 13—21
21—15. *
N. J. Prendergast and J. R. Bnckman
defeated A. .1 Griffith and D. J. Sheehan.
Score. 21—19. 14—21, 21—7.
T. 8« rr.-« and A. Whitman defeated R.
Ft- ►,■!! and W. Johnson, boys of 15 years
of age. Score. 21— «. 9—21. 21—11.
ERNE IS FIT.
Buffalo Fighter Says He Is Keady to
Meet O'Brien.
NEW YORK. Dee. 3,-Frank Erne of
Buffalo and Jack O'Brien of this city will
fight to-morrow night for the lightweight
championship of the world before the
Coney Island Sporting Club. Erne is th*
favorite In the betting, ami both men are
said to be trained to the hour.
BriM practically ceased his training to
day, contenting himself with a short bi
cycle spin ami a vigorous rubdown. H<»
declared that he never felt better, that all
traces of his recent Illness were gone and
if O'Brien won it would be because he
was the better man. A good fight is as
sured. Aside from the i.^avy-welght
championship, there has not been so much
money bet on a fight for a long time.Haywards, Oakland
FALL OF MAN IS ONLY
A BIBLICAL ALLEGORY
Moses Did Not Write All if Any
of the Pentateuch.
Two Startling Statements Made by Rev.
C. R. Brown of the Oakland Con
gregational Church,
The story of the fall of man in the Bible is only an allegory.
We hare no reason to believe that Moses wrote any or all of the
Pentateuch.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
•08 Broadway. Deft S.
These two remarkable propositions are
the essence of a talk delivered by Rev.
O.arles R. Brown, pastor of the First
Congregational Church. Tho talk was de
livered after the morning service nt the
formation of an adult Bible class, to
which Mr. Brown had invited his church.
Bible study for adults Is one of the be
liefs of the pastor, and he began a very
« xtenslve move In this direction to-day.
The great bulk of his congregation ac
cepted his Invitation to attend the class,
and In opening he made an introductory
address. In which these startling.declara
tions were made.
That the statements were received with
astonishment by some members Is certain.
but the majority of those present had
been. In a measure, brought up to this.
For r. early a year an adult Blb'.e class has
beon studying Washington Gladden'is
"Who Wrote the Bible?" which takos
much the same ground as that taken by
Mr. Brown, and so this was not -luite
njch a t-hock as It might otherwise have
been to tin extremely orthodox church.
BtXt these t-tatements were so unusual and
almost entirely unexpected that socss of
the raore orthodox members received
them In silence.
Mr. Brown has made a profound Im
pression In Oakland rtnee his arrival here.
The raster of an orthodox church from
the Puritan section of Massachusetts, he
ha» several timea startled his congrega
tion with the liberality of his views. But.
while he hag made statements about the
lUble and theology which would have
Men extremely sensational coming from
an orthodox pulpit, he has always made
Them without the least desire for pub
licity. He has given his messages to his
congregation and has not courted the pub
lic print*. The study of "Who Wrote the
WMe?" created a mild breere. and when
Mr. Brown declared that some sections of
the Gohpel according to St. John were not
the work of that apostle there r.as au
< ther flutter.
There was a distinct sensation, how
ever, to-day whon he launched Into Old
To^tnmer.t history. HU statements, in
suhstance nnd In part, wore an follow*:
"There »re two different accounts of the
creation In tho r'.rst two chanters of Gene
*ls—evidently written by different men
and probably at widely different periods.
Wa have no reason to suppose that Moses
wrote all or. Indeed, any of the Penta
teuch. Much of it wa» m>t written until
seven or eight centuries before Christ.
When it was written th" editor compiled
his account of the creation from current
WILL PLAN TO STORE
THE WINTER FLOODS
COMMITTEES OF THE WATER
ASSOCIATION NAMED.
Representative Men From All Over
the State Chosen for Work That
Means Millions.
Th« California Water and Forest Ass.
rlatJon completed Its proposed plan of
rrocedur* late Saturday night and yestor
ray afternoon William Thomas, president
of the association, announced the names
Of those who vriU compose the Important
committees tin authorized to appoint.
The committees were selected by Mr.
Thomas only after many hours of close
* ►■!-.r::.c and the harOert kind of i irk to
C<*t the L<*st and foremost men of tne
city and State Into the> places to which
they were l<est adapted. That he «tic
ceeaed Is proved by the following copy of
his list:
Klr.anw Committee — Timothy Hopkins.
F. W. Dohrmann, M. H. Ar Young. Philllu
N. I.nionthal. Arthur K. Hrigßß.
M«ml>«-rphlp Committee— Hon. W. H.
B.atty. P. A. nuell. IS. A. Dcnlcke. F. 8.
Rice. W. K. Bmythe. T. C. •••ilaix*.-'-.
William Thomas.
I^rlflatlon Committee— GoorßO 11. Mm
vell. A. S. PlllEbury. C M. Bolshaw. T. IS.
<Jlbbon. K. T. Cospcr, John V. Davis, John
I» Works.
Publication Committee— W. H. Mills. N.
P. Chlpmnn. L. M. Holt. K. 1". Adajns.
Ilalrlgh Harcar.
Surveys and Ilrcnrds— Georue Davidson.
J It. lllpplncott, T. M. (Jleavos. Robert
MrF. I»ol)le. C. E. Orunsky.
Trnn«portatlon Committee— Frank *J.
Fymmrs. A- li. Sprcckels und J. C. Kirk
jiatrlck.
SLEEP IS A LUXURY WHICH
SHOULD EVER BE CURTAILED
Re- "'. yman rr*'»'"ned at the 11
■l ".: . • i■ .
twakei • k
■ ■
Th» rf*t Homer calls sleep the ail «nb
du'r. While It 1* nature's restorer. and a
: ► • •».-■ for all v. • strive. It I. a luxury
wht'h .hove all <-»thrr* ha* ever to be re
ttralned and f-unall>-d. lndulcenc« In It
1» ■ propensity which crfepn upon even the
most determined to be vigilant unawares.
It waits (or :..!• act of ths will. Hilf.it ly
und suddenly, as darkness follows the
dl*appearanr« of the sun below a tropical
norizon. It sdrc-supon and holds the- mind
and »em>es as t.'ij !• -■< as If one were dead.
It I* the rnemy'a favorite opjmrtunlty. It
1» the cJionen hour of the ir.aruuder. the
hsjn-ert time ol the thitf. the day of the
rv II -doer.
The good man had to*n the •*+&. and
while men slept tli» enemy oversowed
cockle, and both have to t>e reaped by the
ancellc harvent'Tn. A fearful lesson; m.
terrible truth. Tbe good und bad breathe
the «ame air, eat the tame fund, walk the
name streets and rrrve their allotted time.
1..-.J In the »nd meet waU joy or anguish
un the awful Judgment day. Sinners *leep
during tha day when they are commanded
to *ork. and are rentiers aad feverl»-h when
It Is impossible to work.
EARNESTLY APPEALS TO MEN
TO ATTEND DIVINE WORSHIP
Rev. D. C. Garrott, rector of St. Luke'n.
delivered a pointed talk to his congrega
tion last night, on the importance of In
ducing men to attend divine worship. His
re-ms were- directed especially to the
Brotherhood of fit. Andrew, under whose
• utrJces the wrvices wre held. He said
St. Luke's chapter of the society was or
panlzed In response to a need; to awaken
to life the laity of the church; to have
the people who belong feel that the
rhur*b did not exist for the educated, the
cultured and for the pew rents, but for
tradltl. r.«. taking what seemed to him
th.
'"In r.ne. trees were create.l before the
eun. Now. undoubtedly God could create
trtt»s and make them bring forth fruit
without BUD, or perform any other thing
th;it was not wicked, but h«> does not
work In this Jerky method. In one man
whs created Crst. in the other last, bo th.it
there can be no question of reading
t-clence Into these accounts. They repre
sent tho knowledge of the time.
"As fowls were created before fishes In
one account, the question was asked If
flying fishes could not have been meant,
and also If the days referred to could not
have been periods. Mr. Brown said in re
gard to the first of these questions that,
while sometimes one could fudge and jug
gle with wordj and make a point, he did
not think it well to do so with the words
of the Bible. As far as science has demon
strated, reptiles and fishes were created
before birds. The periods referred to
were of twenty-four hours, because It
was fo clearly expressed, and the even-
Ing and the morning were the first second
and third day.
"Man, as far as we know In the pres
ent development of science, was formed
from a long line of ancestors of the lower
orders. When he reached a stage fitted
to receive It. God breathed Into him his
spirit— a moral nature — and he became
free to choose good and evil. Man was
not created, according to most mytholo
gies and traditions, a perfect moral be
ing. His moral nature has grown, Is grow
ing as his physical nature did. Whether
you believe with the evolutionists or with
the first two chapters of Genesis, the ba
sic truth Is the same. God made man out
of the material at hand. How he gath
ered this together, whether by evolution
or in six days, does not affect the great
central truth that he made man.
"The story of the fall of Adam, as con
tained In the third chapter of Genesis. Is
an nllegory. The serpent, although pic
tured standing upright on tho. tip of hi-:
tall r.n certain Assyrian tablets, has al
ways crawled on his belly; therefore, the
curse pronounced upon him in that chap
ter Is not true. He II represented as talk
ing—which Is the usual allegorical form.
The curse of toll pronounced upon Adam
and his descendants here, it lias been
proved. Is not a curse, for toll Is the
greatest blessing given to man.
"The fall of Adam has been read Into
the Bible by that very beautiful poem
Milton's 'Paradise Ix>st.' which, however
beautiful a* poetry. Is very bad theology
I ntil the time of the Puritans it had no
place in the doctrines of the church.
"The fall of Adam Is never mentioned
from the third chapter of Genesis to the
last verso of Malachl— prophets, priests
kin*- none of them alluded to It Christ
Peter. James. John, newr spoke of it Only
four times Is it mentioned In the New
Testament, and then by Paul as a side
Illustration."
! reaching out to get hold of men who
don tgo to church. He regretted that so
rew men went to church, and he discussed
some of the reasons that kept them away.
He said they should bo Induced to come
by concerts, pood sermons and shorter
services. He also thought It was the place
of the brotherhood to extend Invitations
to the men; to stand by the door and ask
them to come in and attend the services;
I in other words, to show that they wero
5-YU? ii G ?i rc u l lold of h!s work »n
fceattle. He said that on Sunday nights
men L n lowly walks of life would attend
his church in large numbers and would
crowd the regular congregation out. }>.■
i paid that was what he wanted to see as
it*!"*. the true Christian spirit. He stated
that he was in favor of the members of
the congregation using Christian courtesy
; cards, so that the ushers might know bow
many strangers might be seated In their
pews. The sneaker said he was a little
pointed in not finding more men In
Bt Luke s. He regretted this, as he was
given to understand that It wax a great
church for men. Ho expressed a noDe
that every effort would be made to bring
i«f, J 1 c lexl cx Uil 1 the chur ch and every
courtesy shown them to make them feel
«S l '■"^ we « dM «™ble. Hr. Barrett
asked for the co-operation of the Brother
«viL° f .i, 8 i- . Andrew and concluded by
sajing that If they wanted to make the
churcS popular with men; If they wanted
ih J? ™P V n s ? uls for Christ's kingdom
.... wS ta.J-d
CRITICIZED MRS. EDDY'S
BOOK ON CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Rev. E. A. Wood* preached on "Chris.
]!^l t ? ICIU i C " to hls con^egatlon last
night In the Auditorium of the Youni;
Men a Christian Association buildlna- He
Eaid In part:
»'•• r - 1.75&5.51
metarhyncs. much of which hSdlsclSes
to not pretend to understand. The uJk U
flic !^'. Ob »S rmlr n l ! lM J »*•"""»•• and con7ra*
tnriKina. aia^ of n, Matements ar# of
doubtful or double iimmlns. « iff a
Ortttlan mlsht attack on. a*d an inflde*
the vory opposite it. chief principle, may
I* stated as follows: First. God I, su
preme; is principal «nd not person- is th
only substance. I* the only life. Secondly
man Is a mnnlfes-utlon of this universal
mind or principle. Thirdly, matter I. ™.
r.«l It exists only In thoujht. As our bod
' 7. are unreal there is no such thin* a.
nirknrrs or death. Fourthly, sin like ■ -Is
r«i^ «» an f-rrf.r of belier. and lias no real
existence.
In the treatment of disease here are thr...
of the rules to be observed : First Vhu^n
doctors, for they , \:-- disease by 'telllnr
about It. M they do not cure; secondly
diet and exercise have thine to do with
th« cure, and are of no lmi>irtance what
ever; thirdly, never clve medicine, but In
•tract the patient that he is not sick or In
pain, but only thinks so.
No doubt many cures have been wrourht
Jn nim» emm the relief la temporary D
others the diseases were Imaginary '
It la a Just criticism of Chrletlan Science
that It Bcema t<» hh\e no unselfish mission
In the world. At the icreat training school
of Christian Science in Iloston II is V aid
that the chnrce for a course of thirty lec
tures Is WOO. y lee
REV. WILLIAM RADER TALKED
ON FILIAL INGRATITUDE
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church last night deliver**]
another of his Interesting sermons on the
tragedies of Shakespeare. His subject was
••King Lear— Filial Ingratitude." He took
for his text Dcut. v:16: "Honor thy father
and thy mother, as the Lord thy Ood
hath commanded thee." After tolling: the
main facts of the tragedy; how he tested
the affection of his three daughters, t wo
of. whom proved false and drove him in
sane, ending their own lives In shame,
while Cordelia, his beautiful child, was
sacrificed, the speaker said:
Th> story U •« old aa . tht English
1 language. .It in one of the sarcasms of
criticism* to ahow the sources from which
TIIE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. DECEAIBEII 4. IS"'\
Alameda County News
MEMORIAL SERVICES
FOR DEPARTED ELKS
WITH prayers, solemn requiem music and gentie
words of comfort San Francisco Lodge No
3. Benevolent and Protective Order of K!k^.
paid a loving tribute yesterday afternoon at
the Grand Opera-house to the brothers called 1 to an
other world during the past year. The decorations wct*o
artistically arranged under the supervision of Dr. K. N.
Short. chairman of the decoration committee. The foyer of
the house was '.icautiful with white chrysanthemums and
big banks of ferns nnd potted palms. The members of
the memorial committee— A. J. Carmany (chairman), T.
O. HeydenfeUt, T. E. Dunne. J. N. Odcll and Dr. E.
N. Short— stood at the entrance of the theater, acting
also as reception committee, seeing that the long Us: of
invite 1 guests secured their seats as they arrived.
As the curtain rose at the commencement of the ser
vices the st-i^e presented a very pretty picture. Th«.
officers of the lodge were discovered seated at their re
spective positions, as they would in open lodge. 11.
S. Manning, the exalted ruler, acted as presiding officer.
He was supported by Theodare F. Bonnet, esteemed leail
lr.g knight; J. N. Odell, esteemed loyal knight; Pollip
Bolger. esteemed lecturing knight: William Jones,
chapla*n; Thomas E. Dunne, esquire; F. W. Blumberg,
Inner guard. Hugh Hagen. treasurer; Rabbi M. S. Levy.
Rev. J. H. Macomber, post chaplain. U. S. A., nca
Brothers J. J. Barrett, Leo Cooper and Charles L. Pat
ton. In the rear of the stage was a gigantic elk. At
the rostrum another elk's head was placed. Also *n a
prominent place on the stage was a large cross of Ivy
leaves, attache.! to It a large white ribbon, upon which
In letters of gold were the words: "In loving memory
of Henry C. l.athrop."
The services were opened by Exalted Ruler Manning,
according to the ritual, one of the features of the ser
vice being me order given the secretary to call the roll
of the deceased brothers. The list Is gradually getting
longer each your, there being eleven deceased members
now.
Those who died during the year are: 8. B. Carletor,
V. W Crysier. 11. F. Emerlc. A. P. Hotallng Jr., Her
man Konbe. Henry C. Lathrop.
After the brotaers had united In singing the opening
ode Sister Tllllc Morrlsey, an honorary member of the
lodge, sang :n h sweet and touching manner a soprani
solo, •Come Unto Me," by Hawley.
Rabbi M. B. Levy delivered the Invocation. It was
brief, but every word was well chosen. He prayed that
the members of the lodge would remember that life wns
short and that they would be ready when called to an
other world by the great Ood above and that the Al
mlrhtv would look dawn and ht**ftß the K!lks who. far
OAKLAND ELKS HONORED THEIR DEPARTED DEAD.
Oakland Offl>p Pan Franclson Call,
i •> IS road way, Dec. 3.
The annual memorial service of the
Oakland Lodge of Elks whs held this af
ternoon In the Macdonough Theater
There was an unusually large attendance
and the Interior of the pretty theater was
elaborately, yet appropriately, decorated.
The stage was adorned by two huge floral
pieces and a vacant chair of white flow
ers. The footlights were shaded with
green. Among the lodge officers who oc
cupied seats on the stage were George \V.
Itced. exalted ruler; J. Seulbergcr, es
teemed leading knight; O. F. Nlghtingill,
esteemed loyal knight; C. J. Heeseman.
esteemed lecturing knight; J. J. Hanlfln
Jr., secretary; W. W. London, treasurer;
11 N. Sloper, esquire; F. \V. Sharpe, Inner
guard; C. L. Ingler, chaplain; W. E. Dow
ling. tiler; W. EL J. Matthews. L. Ho
meler. organists; M. L. Bchleuter, O.
Bcmls and F. I*. McFeeley. trustees.
The exercises opened with Wagner's
Pilgrim Chorus, by an exceptionally tod
orchestra, under tin- direction of Louis
Homeler. followed by a selection, "Load.
Kindly Light." the Elks' Quartet, made
Bhakenpeare drew his material*. As well
auk where the eagle received Its eye or win*
and the power of flight. There la as much
difference between the sources and the trag
edies an there Is between the crude clay and
the costly vase. The. tragedy of "King L«ar"
Illustrates an old precept announced by
Moaea "Honor thy father and thy mother."
The great tragedy I* a commentary on this
text. He, enures the Ingratitude of two
daughters to conflict with this law of the
family and the result resembles the con
fluence of the ocean currents. Women who
are untrue to their fathers are not to be
trusted by their husbands. This Is the
other truth of the tragedy. Cordelia la one
of Shakespeare's beautiful creations. Lear
Is the moftt violent of Shakespeare's char
acters. He him been likened to a ship
driven before the storm or to the churning
waves around the rocks.
Parents demand honor from the children..
They demand It the same way the children
J. J- Barrett Delivering the Oration.
up of Messrs. A. O ruff. J. C. Hart, G. L.
Learn and P. H Ayera. The InTocatlou
w;i> spoken by t^haplaln lnKl»»r.
The opening ceremonies, conducted by
the fx.tlt<'«l ruler. (J. W. Reed. Included
the usual manifestation "f grief and .'■■.•■r
row for the departed members, who ;in
as appended, the <lat<- of thHr demise fol
lowing each name: Julius C. Fry. May XI,
1891: William w Moore. February 11. IOT3;
John W. Hood. May 21. ISM; Thomas 'I
I>owney. June S. I>>94: Prederich H. Mej
erf, July 6, 1894; James Vance. October ir_\
Hugo i' Schroeder. December IS,
1896 Edwin H Campbell, February 18,
is%- z George w. Watson, April i. iflK;
Frank P. Thwaltes, June IS, M">; K. Kiehl.
October 15. ISM.
After a tenor solo, "The Parting? Word."
sung by Frank Valerga. responses were
given by oflicers of the lodg«-. toiu-hlng on
the aims of their various duties. It M
Fitzgerald delivered the eulogy, "In M.
morlum." In the course of which he spoko
of the groat sorrow attending death. Me
dwelt on the fact that tilM in It 3 flight
alone heals the wound«-«i hearts of
left behind and softens the grief for th«;
departed. Vet withal, the fund memories
of the virtues of those past and gone re
mains fresh, and only their faults and
shortcomings are obliterated. "Although
demand sympathy from the parents. The
world Is full of King I.ear*. not blazing; In
passion, but sitting In the old home silent
and alone, the fire of life Bone out and the
door closed to the world. It la Jacob wait
tor Joneph: the father waiting for the
prodigal. Then* silent Lears listen for the
tinkle of the sleigh bell at Christmas an
nouncing the arrival of grateful children.
They go to th« postofnee and look for a
letter— a message of filial gratitude and— lf
none comes they return with the feelings of
King I^ar.
Be good to your parents; honor them.
Tou will not always have them. Do not for
get to write them often and send them some
token of your love; show your cratltuile.
The most beautiful expression of tender
ness our Lord displayed upon the cross wan
the filial tenderness toward his mother,
whom he Intrusted to the care of John.
Montreal is the greatest cheese center.
away on th ■ other side of the Pacific, were fighting for
the stars ail stripes.
""The orchestra, under the direction of 1. Kenster. then
rendered "Salutaris Hostla." by Faure. J. J. Barret:
made a deep Impression on the large audience when M
delivered the oration. The young man spoke for about
thirty minutes and during that time he held his listen
ers spellbound with his eloquence, lie said In part:
"Brother Elks. Ladies and Gentlemen: This d.iv is
given to our dead. Obedient to the summons of the
Sovereign Kuler of the universe they advanced from
our ranks, where fellowship Is close, to join the van
guard Elks, who have hurried on to the appointed gath
ering place of the human family, where sweet companion
ship is everlasting. They have crossed the Valley of the
Shadow of Death and have fcund the radiant mountain
height that pierces the region of unending day. They
have made their way through the tangled forest «»n 1
have entered f..0 beautiful city of God, where all Is
peace and love and bliss; where all the fragrance of cre
ation gathers; where the gracious King regales with every
Joy his subjects and before their never-tiring gaze re
volves the ever-changing, ever-gorgeous panorama of the
universe."
Wilfred Gcff followed, singing that beautiful composi
tion by GounoJ to the words of the old hymn, "The
King of Love My Shepherd is." .
To the soft strains of the orchestra Leo Cooper chin
read Tennyson's "In Memorlam." He was In good voice
and every line of the .-sad poem could be heard distinctly
nil over .he house. Bottle Hrbgulere Bang Middle's "Abide
With Me."
The committee had selected Brother Charles L. Pattoa
to th" Important task of delivering the eulogy and nobly
be responded to their request
"W have assembled to-day." he paid, "to pay tribute
to our brother* who have teen called away in the oajt
year. We can only speak of them In loving kindnes,
and It is hard t» think that we shall no longer be able
to receive their kindly smile of greeting and to clasp
their hand -aim the grip of Elks, which Is only a oond
sign of friendship and benevolent love. Each one of me
departed brothers has played his part in the drama of
life and now we can always think of them as good, my '
citizen*, who have done their duty and have been ciiled
to th.- great beyond, where we ourselves shall be cnlleJ
tome day,"
At the close of the address the orchestra rendered
"Der Eriksgan:?. ' by Kretchner. The Rev. J. H. Ma
comber post chaplain, U. S. A., then delivered the bene
diction, all the Elks standing. The services were brought
to a close by the orchestra playing ''America."
Among thoM occupying boxes were General Shatter
Superior Ju(i^^ Dunne and George T. Bromley.
we know the ones who have gono will
speak no more." said the speaker, "we
would not. If we could, call the sleepers
from tho hillside, for they would come
from their Father's home.
A soprano solo. "Sacred Is the Weep
ing," sung by Miss Ida Valergn, iras fol
lowed by a eulogy on "The Order." deliv
ered by Judge C. N. Post of Hacramento
Lodge No. 323. B. P. O. E. Judgn Post
briefly reviewed the history of the Elks,
whom he termed "children at America":
of its Institution In Muy. IM, arid <<f It i
objects In succoring the sick, cheering the
despondent and helping the poor The
Elks," said the speaker, "go forth In the
names of charity. Justice, brotherly love
and fidelity, and Its real motto Is that
.golden rule. 'Do unto others as you would
have them do unto you.' " He spoke of
the custom of honoring Its dead us being
only peculiar to the Elks and noted that
the great order chose men for what they
are and not for what they have.
Th^ usual closing ceremony followed ■
quintet, "Intermerzo." by Mascajctil. ar
i bj Homeler, and smiK l>v mi>.
Lulu Ward, soprano; Miss Tlllle Valerga.
.ili«.; t Valesa. tenor; Frank Valergu,
barnrtonej u:ni V. II Ayers. basso a re
cessional by the orchestra concluddl th •
service.
A larpo crowd visited Sutro Baths yes
terday to witness the usual aquatic
event*, which resulted sir follows:
Fifty-yard flash. Juvenile— R. Cook won.
E. Redding socond.
One hundred-yard dash, amateur— G.
Wallace won, C Strohlln second.
One hundred-yard tub race— Augus
i tvs won, J. O'Brien second, E. Wells
I third.
High diving for boys— C. Augustus won,
F. Nell second.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— H.
O'Brien Br»t, M. Freeman second.
Undcr-water swimming contest— J. Jack
son won, J. Flnney second.
Tf all the worlds a stage every man
ought Co have some sort of a show.
Berkeley, Fruit. vale
At Sutro Baths.
FATHER CAUSES
THE ARREST OF
HIS YOUNG SON
Says He Is a Little
Thief.
♦ —
TEN-YEAR-OLD BOY IN PRISON
DECLARES HE HAD TO STEAL
TO GET CLOTHING.
Asserts That the 111-Treatment He
Receivfd Drove Him to Take
Money and Run Away
From Home.
"I stole $20 from my father's
trunk because I needed shoes and
clothing, which he refused to buy
for me. and because I had no shoes
I could not go to school. If I went
barefooted the principal at the
Clawson School would whip me.
My father has always been cruel to
me and my mother. He compels us
to bleep la the barn, and when he
Kets angry he thrown knives at us.
That's why 1 ran away with
Georgie Wright."
Oakland Offl( ••• San Francisco <nl!.
908 Broadway, Dec. 3.
That la the story told to the [>olice thla
evening by Willie Brlckaoo, aged II
who was dra^p. d from his father's barn
at 2 o cluck this morning l«y Ofltoet K!v al
the Instance of the fath- r. B. J. Ertckson,
on the strength of a warrant Issued from,
the Tollce Court sever*! u• . X - .mo on
complaint of the father, charging t!
with petty larceny.
On the night of Horember 7 last Willie
Erickson and a neighbor*! boj i
George Wright disappeared from their
homes. With the Brlcksoi | ■ t-V
gold piece taken from his fathers trunk.
With this muney he i
of c-lothes and a pair "t iboes. The bal
ance, he claims, an older Lrother named
Andr-.w took from him the night he
bought the clothe* The lad, it ai ;
has devli. p. ii ,t decided penchant Cor pur
loining money when In m :hlng.
Only .i f-w months uro he was ar
for stealing to from a San Pablo avenue
L»ak»-r\. On tuar occasion, i".., he pur
chased wearing apparel with the I
The boy •! .• be would willingly
attend school if his father provided him
with cloth<
"My father is cruel and thrown knives
at me and I am afraid of him. " he Bald
"He hi .•■ his money In his trunk and
wears good clothes, when we are without
■hoes or clothe*. He beats my mother
and makes ua Bleep Jn the shed. Many
nights she has sneaked Lack Into the
houso after the was cure father was
asleep."
SH" • ;pprarance Willie has been
stopping with an aunt on Chestnut -:r.-.t
Unlike the itibllac- legend «>i 1 1
aon, no fatted calf wan killed and
hi. .it a welcoming banquet when tl
> . . t r -■ - 1 1 1 \\ llli<- returned last night uni
formed In his new suit. The I
promptly notified the police and Mad him
haled t'> Jail, and this evening the DO]
told the story as given above to the po
llc-, who are rathf-r In a uimndary as tv
the ultimate disposition of lh«
Erick J. Brlckson, the I • r i«
a prominent Democratic politician of the
Second Ward, and wh»-n seen .if i.i-> home
to-nipht pay.- another version <'f th»> af
fair. "Willie." :* said, 'is danger
I • ai large. He hi only I d and
brighter than m-^t boya much
. ral months >ii.'.> he stole $"■ from a bakery
and tinij^ht clothes with it. when >
00 the shelf ll.s v rn-w SUti I took
from him because I I to go to
school and be< ause be ■teals, i
be Lrok. op.-n my trunk .. $ao,
Kince then he and another !»>>
thrnugh a refldence In the Watts tract,
and Just a,s soon as he returned to mv
bouse h«> tried to break open my trunk
again with a spade. 1 do not know what
to do about him. I puess that'll be a mat
ter for the Judpe."
FEAST OF THE LIGHTS WAS
OBSERVED BY THE CHILDREN
The Bush-street Synagogue was crowd
ed to Its doors last night, the occasion be
ing the annual exhibition of the young
members of the Hebrew school In honor
of Chanuka. the Feast of the Lights. The
following programme was rendered In Us
entirety and greatly enjoyed:
r.«alm 131. Hebrew— Albert Groeschel,Eng
lish—Ella Kaskel; Mlncha Hervlre, reader,
Milton Meyer; Blessing Over the* LiKhts,
Hebrew— Bert Bare, Sylvan Sun m. ■ ¥ara
Rosenberg, Bern Hosenthal, English— Hnzd
cnaltvn, Hilda Debow. Florette Levy,
: Floiine Block; Kindling the Lights, Oer
trude Rosenthal. Ruth Hellfron. on , tie
Costa, Marguerite .Ilium. Jake Newman.
Lloyd Slchel. Aril. Solomon. Alphonse
■ Levy; Verses— 'The Eight Chanukah
I Llsrhts" .(composed by Kubhi Myers),
A«lel»- Coblentz, Cora Korn, Sophie New
man. Claudia ScharfT, Bertram Craner.
; Hilny Betzel. Malvln Klchel. M. -Ivilli; Solo
■ BOO; l'*nlni 30. Hebrew— Sam Stern. Eng
lish—Adele Block; Chanuka Hymn. "Maw.
ore." School; l*rayers. Bertha Kantro
wlii, Esther Jndlg; Verses. "Israel,"
Jennie Fschnar, Fannie Uutman. l'hyllla
ScharfT. Henrlette Blum, Ethel Korn.
Helen Bare. Irene Stein. Heine Blna, 1,11-
III" Craner. Fern Schuhl. Charles Fergu
son. Oscar Artier, Jessie Lowensteln. Les
ter Kahn. Abe Rosenberg. Joe Moyse,
Michael Gradwohl. Jor-eph Schoenfeld.
The thirteen creeds— Lassar Levy, Dave
Goldsmith. Isidore Flamm. David Flamm.
Cura Nathan. Selma Nichols. Haxel Pa'-h
sher; psalm 23 — Hebrew— Dave Outman,
English— Mabel Rothenbur?; hymn, "Ane
Kulihanoo." school; Maarlv service, reader.
Willie Stern; Al Hannlsslm— Hebrew-
Harry Ruthenberg. English— Mabel Cob
fonts] prayer. Elsie Kahn: verses, "Israel's
Banners," Florence Ochs, Kstelle Coblettta
Je».-i,» Wise. Zelda Kantrowltz. Hilda
Brown, Gertrude Brown. Tessle. Llp*lc,
Rom Cohen. Joseph Levy. L/Hils Kantro
wltz. Harry Wei»s. ROM Mo. Oladya
Blum. Iluth chalfen: psalm 124, Estelle
enfold: polo, "If With All Your
Heart" (Elijah), Mendelssohn. Rev. Can
tor 11. 8. Stollnltz; OUnoo. Irwln Bare;
Khort address. "Hannah and Her Sons." by
Rabbi Isidore Myers; hymn, "Adon Olom,
school; anthem. "America." school.
DR. NELANDER TALKS ON THE
SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST
Last evening Rev. E. Nelandcr, pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church,
preached a atrong sermon to his congre
gation on "The Survival of the Fittest."
In part he said:
In nature we have the law of the sur
vival of the fittest. The grip of the »tran«
ler i* upon all feeble plant* In Held and
forest. And the name holds true of ani
mal life. Wolves rend to pieces a wounded
member of their pack. As we ascend Into
the province of human affairs, *«• still find
i the same law. The weaker nation* have
gone down one by one, devoured by the
Mr-cue. The small principalities are con
iinua.Hr disappearing from the map of the
world. At this moment the republic of the
Transvaal Is serving forth the feait. Th«
treat earn Ivor* are gathered in waiting
I^t the drums beat and the cannons roar
let fleets furrow Hie sea and armies traverse
the earth. Might makes right. 80 in In
duxttial life. Our etrong manufactories
are swallowing the weak, driving labor to
sweatshops and arousing a murmur of anx
iety and ominous discontent on every hand
Jesus the Christ taught another doctrine
"We then that are strong ought to
.bear the infirmities of the weak." He fur
nished In himself the best illustration of
that rule.
DR. 0. J. MAYER
FAILS TO GET
A VINDICATION
French Society Holds
Mass Meeting.
COMMITTEE'S ACTION UPHELD
THE SURGEONS DISMISSAL WAS
WARRANTED.
Proceedings Marked by Murh Noise.
Resolutions Indefinitely Post
poning Consideration of % 
the Affair Prevail.
"This is an outrage, and I will yet ob
tain Justice. ( have been railroaded out
Of my position in the French Hospital
mid held up a* an object of scorn and
ridicule, but I will fin. l some method or
getting a vindication. We are In Amertci
and such treatment as l have receive*!
from a committee prejudicial to me will
not go unnoticed. 1 repeat, this Is an out
rage, and I thai! protest asraln.it It with
my dying breath."
With theso Impassioned words th«
mass-meeting of the members of the
French Benevolent Society, held at Na
tive Sons' Hall yesterday afternoon for
the purpose of inquiring it. > the action of
the administration committee in remov-
Ing Dr. Mayer from his position of visit
ing surgeon, came to a close. Dr. Mayer
was livid with r.i»; and. shaking his
finger, uiMressod himself tv the memWri*
of the administration committee, ami
especially to Chairman I**Kiill«t. wh<»
had declared that the resolution Intro
duced by Alphonsc iiourrjuet, providing
for a vote of confidence In the committee
and an indefinite p< >s 'P o nenient of th«»
Inquiry, 1. . I.i been carried by a vote of
2UO toS. ■
Little else but noise, and plenty of It,
marked the proceedings. About ♦"»' mem
bers were present and , •:•! no attention
to Chairman 1,-tcall-t's admonition to
consider the matter calmly.
On the stage with President pallet
were seated vice President liaoul Char
tres, Treasurer E. Bocqueraz. Secretary
Kabregue. John Herpes and the others
of the administration committee. Dr.
Mayer was an Interested spectator and
sat in the first row with his counselor
and Interpreter. F. Cadley.
Th» trouble was precipitated after th«
reading of the report or the. administra
tion committee, in which Dr. Mayer was
dismissed. At this point Aiphonse Bous
quet presented his resolutions providing;
for a vote of contldence In the committee,
sustaining It in Its action against Dr.
Mayer and declaring an Indefinite post
ponement of the mass-meeting. This was
opposed by O. Bozle and P. t.'adley, who
asked that the question be discussed bv
fore being put to a vote. P. A. Bergert
put in a good word for Dr. Mayer by ask
ing that the largpst latitude be allowed
In the discussion and that the doctor bo
granted a hearing. Chairman I«egallet
stated that Dr. Mayer was not on trial,
and expressed his Intention to put th«
resolution to a vote. At this announce
ment th" noise became terrific, and above>
It all could be heard Dr. Mayer's voice
saying:
"I desire to -fend myself."
After wrangling for more than an hour.
Vice President Chartres arose, and as
silence fell over the assemblage he re
quested In the Interest of harmony that
Dr. Mayer bo allowed to speak. Chair
man Legallet asked Ilousquet to with
draw his resolutions, but the latter re
fused to comply. Dr. Mayer then moved
toward the stage and addressed himself
to Mr. Chartres. saying:
"Why do y«>u come nt this late day and
ask that I bo heard after I have be.*n held
up to the public as a felon? You admitted
to Secretary Kabregue that the commltteo
bad done me an Injustice."
Airam !'■ luestMl I
< rhartrea i>> wltbdra ■
h«- refused Mi iplaJ
attitude, saying:
"I>: m th^
tal for Ini i in«'ib- •
lion to the cotnmitt.-«\ and I
th«- i ••mri! - •
After further di«- ■ urman T.^
rallei tmt the resolution to a
lOd up In favor of !t [ 'i
numbered only t»
r thirty when It came to ■
against tb< lon.
• THE TBAFFIC IN GIRLS."
Mrs. Charlton Edholm Explains th«
Cause and the Remedy.
Mrs. Charlton Edholm, well known In
connection with her rescue work In Chi
cago, delivered the first of her series cf
lectures In this city last night, Howard
M. E. Church was the scene of her first
Introduction to people of San FrancUco
who are philanthropic-ally Inclined, and
'"The Traffic In Girls" her subject.
A few well chosen words of Introduction
from the Rev. John A. M. Wilson served
to Introduce the lady to her audience uml
she proceeded to reveal a few home truth ■<
without mincing of words.
The lecture evidently produced a pro
found impression and when the speaker
c-allrd on thoso present, who had the
cause at heart and would do all they
could to further It. to hold up their
hand*, there was not a man or woman
that did not comply.
Th*» speaker told of her experiences In
Chicago and the large cities of the East,
and of the lives led by those she and her
comrades were trying to save. She laid
the cause of the girls' fall chiefly at the
door of liquor. "Show me a place where
liquor is sold and I'll show you within
two blocks a house of shame. she n.Vd.
Then calling on the men to vote for n«vn
local government she stated that the po
lice of all largo cities arc in direct ••>n
nlvance with the trarflc. from which th«-y
receive a large revenue In bribes. "An'J. '
the speaker continued, "the police, under
present conditions, even If they wou'd
stop this hideous traffic, could not; for
what can be done to save girls from the
snares of the procurers for men willing
to pay $1000, $2000. $3000 for the possession
of a face or form that has attracted their
fancy.
"We must organize homes, where *lrl*
who are trying to live honestly on $2 or 13
a week, may be able to make their fun«?s
suffice. Hut there must be no appearancA
of charity about It. That word has driven
almost as many women to a life of
shamo as have been dragged down from
any other cause." In conclusion Mrs.
Edholm called on all to contribute their
mlto toward lh#» work, saying: "If you
knew the agonizing heartbreak It causes
to mothers, the spirit of revenge It plants
In the breasts of brothers and fathers,
and the awful. Inevitable end It brings te
the victim herself, you would give your
all. even your heart's bent blood to wipe
out this black, hideous, festering blot on
our end of the century civilization. ».hl»
terrible truffle In girls.
BOND ISJUE MEETINGS.
Mayor Phelan and Other Prominent
Speakers to Discuss the Com
ing Elections.
A grand mas« meeting will be held th's
evening at Native Sons' Hall. 411 Mason
street, for th* purpose of discussing the
proposed bond elections to be- held on
December 27 and '£». Mayor Jam- l».
I'h^lan and other prominent speaker* will
address the m- in«. The executive com
mittee has bren asked to meet at the hall
at 7 o'clock this evening for th* purpose
of effecting permanent organization.
Among recent meeting* on this subject
was mm held lost Saturday night by the
Citizens' and Taxpayers' Club of th«
Thlrty-nfth Assembly District, at 5171
Mission street. Resolutions were- adopt
ed Indorsing the proposed bond issuo
for the Presidio boulevard and Fell strret
panhandle extension to the Park, the elec
tion for which will be held on December
27; and also the school and sewer bond
election to be voted on two days later.
The following delegates were appointed
to attend the mass meeting to be hel<! Nt
Native Sons' Hall this evening to taKo
part In "'..• bond Issue discussion: Mich
ael Fay. J. Crampton. John Denlt.
Thomas E. Curran and William nyrT.es.
The meeting was largely attended and *he
members pledged themselves and their
unceasing efforts for the success of the
Issue.
78
SAN FUANCISCO CALL.
TtfSINnPS OFFICE of the Fan FntneliK«o
Call, enrnrr of Markrt and Third rtreeta, open
um!l 12 o'clock every tilcht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICE?— M" Montgomery street.
ecmer Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
T-fXt IJ»y»* *twt: >i<ert until 9:?0 p. m.
rz» :.•»:>■:• r street; ot>«n until 9:30 p. ra.
fil> Latkln street; <-; < r. until !■ 50 p. m,
I>4l MlnfUm ttrect; epen until 10 p. m.
rr^l MarVct stivet. corner Sixteenth; ©per
vntu 9 p. nt.
jne Kiwenth street; open urtll I p. m.
ICM Valencia »treet; opm until 9 p. m.
123 I'olk street: oprn until 9 p. m.
NVrthwost ci mer of Twenty-second and Ken-
♦urky rtref : np««n until 9 p, ••i
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate CMBirnirry No. 16. K.
T. . 'iMlden Gste »julla;r.ir, Cl Sutter st. "fiv*
-StßTid aß»>-mbly THIS EVENING at P
t o'clock. The Order at the Red Crocs <AfU
w ill be conferred. All fraters are cour- \r
toukly lavlted.
J. C. CAMPBELL. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
a
FAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Rcyid fV.
Arch Manons-Mcets THIS EVENING. It2f
ISu* inrsa and Degrees « and 7. '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge N07:2. F. and A. «
M— THIS i MONDAY* EVENING, nt
7:30 o'clock ».l:arj>. Annual rn-ftlni! anJ f!Lj\
♦lection of offlrrrs. Hy f.nler of the/^r>
W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. a
M.— Stated tnveilng and election of of- _g%_
Beers THIS J'AV (Monday). I 'e-T-.Vr TC_3f
4. U»9, at 7:3» o'clock p. m. By order /^r
of the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. 800.
MISSION Lc^r« No. K\ F. and A. M.— m
Culled meeting THIS (MONPAT) il
EVENING, at 7.30 o'cl^k. Third de- JK it
gree. C. D. HUNKEK. Sec. /V>
rfSI:LITY Lodge No~:n. I. O O.
J" - j ..<■ tl :i ■'. officers THIS >,rr*°S^CiMONDAY), r r*°5^C-
iMONDAY) EVENING.
C. H. KORNBECK. N. O. *f/H*r^
WM. 13. Curtis, Secretary.
EE
PIONEERS— Tte regular -^TTC"-T»^
monthly meeting of X^4WR!*-Q>,7J?v.
The hoclety of C^ifnr- >Cftrt;' % JiJ3s2il%
:.* i : :..irii will i- V_ tJt.iJ ■.'i.»>Jsi!'»t"?3
held on MONDAY. Dec. ~4S2gSPft&&L
Jl. m. HENRY K. un^k^mW mm
WILLIAMS. Exq.. will addrr«s the members.
A full attendance In requested.
J. I. SPtIAR. Secretary.
A. O 11.. DIV. No. 2-The regular %^-^r\
monthly meeting of thin division will V|> £
be held nt lliliernia Hall. J2O Ninth St y
*t.. on XT7EBDAT, Dec 5. IS'.<9. at '■~Vc£\*£
l< m. Delinquent members are notl- at^BE
fled tliat settlement murl be made at this
routine: !f not tbelr names will ».e dropi»ed
from the roll. HARTLEY LEU. Pres.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the si.M-kh : ■ : - of the Paauhau Sugar Plan*
tat»>'n Company Will I"* hold at the office
of the company. 3C7 Markrt st.. In the city
and cottsty ot San Francisco, on BATUR-
I»AY. the :j day of I^ecember. li». at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. rtv. fi>r the i>urpos* of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
• :.-..:-• year and the transiction of such
«.tlier business as may c<>me before th* mert-
: i: Transfer lxv>ks will close on Wednes-
Jay. November ZS. l*?: 1. at 3 o'clock p. m.
U. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
Th» above Bflv^rtlhed meeting of the Paau- ]
hau Supnr Plantation Company is postponed I
utstll THURSDAY. December SL IM<9. at 11
o'clock a. tr,. K. 11. PHELI'ON. Peoretary.
ATTOUMiVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, tixth floor. Chron-
Itie building; no ajvur.ee charges; ail cases;
ettlalM. tni;rtraces. damage*, collections,
bankruptcy; wills. *tc. drawn; moderate fees;
_ call or write.
Al'VlO!" free; ilivorre lsw a specialty; private;
tio f«*f without *ucce»>s; collections. «J. W.
liowi:, MtT «t law, M 0 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. *3i Market ft., cpp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees.
K. H MCRZSACIi. attorncy-at-law. has re-
rumed rracUce at tCI Cal. St.. Clunle bldg. j
L. K. CLARK. Emma S{>r*ckels building. V 27
I'arket: Cor.rultatlnn free; no tr++ In advance.
ADVICE fr***: tin charge unless successful. W.
TV T>AVTTiSoy. '-r M^rk«-t «t.. »PP Ma«on.
UK ICLI IIEPAIIIIXK.
THOS. 11. n. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMP.LER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
no Ann ami uooms.
EDDY". 13— Unit ed States Hotel; rooms SI M
wvrk up, with board li 50; suite for two with
tx>«rd. 112; board, 14 week; meals, 2ic; ele-
vatur runs all eight.
NEW family hotel; fln>t-class In all appoint-
treuts; «-xc<llent table, f.07 California »t.. oc-
• ;n'c comer c.pponlte Grace Church.
COLDHN GATE aye. BS4— Ftont sunny rooms;
two p>*ntleni«n with board; private family;
n-asonabie.
••linLGIIAVIA HOTEU" Polk and Clay-Sun^
r.v »u:ti-»; best board; for 2. S4j up: singe. S2O.
LAP PALM AS. IV2O Market-Suite of 2 or I
rmi. : print*: bath: Mn. ran : board optional.
j/ONG WORTH. £22 Gean'-Large ruites. bath.
(Of 1 or 4 gentlemea; fxceller.t table board.
OFAIiRELL, 742— Large sunny front rooma;
crx«d home rooklnc; ftlso ... rooms; J2O up.
BOOKS M2W AMI OLD.
ETHOOL BOOKS bouitht anl exchanged.
Hnlrr:«Mi ny k f°n. . ''■4 Ml«s'->n ... Third.
HOOTS AM' -ll«'i
CHILDREN'S lac« shoes. 75c. b."r. Si; school
shoes, 75c; la£le«' shoe*. SI: beys' shoes, 95c;
taen's ►no*-*. SI ZL; men's embroidered sllj>-
j^ers. CJe. Peiple's Fiioe Store. ISOS Stockton.
P-Oi-'TS and ►hoes made to order from lxt-class
material. 16 to li; repairing chenp. H. SAL-
NINKN. 441 Hufh n . formerly with M. Nulty.
lit -l\l ss CIIAXCKS.
A-CTC; RESTAURANT In mining town of 4000
inhabitants; daily receipts 120; rent (35; a
bargain. R. O. WILKE. SOfi Market »t.
A-liWiO; CORNER grocery and l>ar; choicest
location : rent U . doitig a large t.tore and bar
trade; stock nil •.•■-h. a rure opportunity.
Call R. «. WILKE. sH* Market st. j
A-11300; RESTAURANT close to Market and
Maton *ts. : doing a rurhtng tmslness; place
clronlly fitted up; worth double the money
BiJted. Call U. O. WILKE. 'J'Ji Market »U
A-1310: PORK and delicacy store, doing a
large and :.:■• ..i. •■ paying business; rent
ISO; the very best location; owner must sacri-
ilco en account of othrr Inveitments: a great
tiargain. Call R. G. WILKE. »uC Market.
A— PARTNER wanted, restaurant, to attend
rash counter anl help In general ; J7S j>er
couth guaranteed ; prefer partner to hind
lielp. BTENBCBQ CO.. 2C'» Kearny st.
5
■
alue ii
■
I
. Kearny st.
A- »:•::: BAtXWN; 2 blorka of Market: I newly I
furnlFhe.l n>')in«: !.■,•. v ;■■•■ liar arid li:< I bar;
valu«- In »'.Rht : (.wner »lrk: must sell. STEN-
WZHC, CO.. tV.i Kearny st.
AI-PA <X>. will exrhanre. buy «r sell your
liUFlni-tR cr jiroperty <julrk. iX Mark st.
!::■■■ rAHTNKR by lady In restaurant; good
ittetarw; rood location. ALFA CO.. SJS Mrkt.
$700— GROrnRV and bar: easily worth $1000;
r.ne »t<-«.k; goi>d location: J nice living rooma;
_ rent <27; bargain. JONE3 CO.. Ml Market at. ;
BALOON: bargain for man and wife; cheap
rent. COWING A CO.. S9S Market ot.
ATTENTION '.-rartles go!r.K to Alarka can
muke fortune by seeing COWINfJ. S'.'S Market.
DEI-ICACr store: bargain If taken at one«:
living rooms. OOWINO <v CO.. »35 Market it.
llOfr-FinST-CLAFS Übwer atore; best location
city; central; mo. M ■ $«00. nABIL.E. 3 Kddy.
GENITIxn bargain; no a«.nti; eld established
; ji" n for fale; wholesale dlitrlct; cheap
rent: must l^e kold; good reason. Apply at
512 Montgomery aye.. carpenter »hop.
ICSTAnMfUni"* mloon <n Market «t.; well
etfKked: beautiful fixtures; cash register; all
for ttiO; owner sick; no agents. 1117 Market.
KOR uale — Tailor shop, cheap; big enough for
I persons to work; new toola; rt-nt i■. Xl
Clay ft., third floor.
POR sale— Hay. grain, wood and coal buslneia.
v.-lth hor»en. wagons, hamers complete; good
location, Call or address 2130 Sacramento ft.
1110— FItUlT and grocery store: good location;
living rooms: rent $12. 412 Folsom st.
tJD— OYSTER and chop bouse; a bargain. SOT
flrant «ye.
JIKFTAURANT and cbophouae; newly furnish-
ed; doing gaud business. Apply 6 Polk r\.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; must sell Immedl-
k :>•:>• on iiccount of elckneca. 3034 BroiSertck
Ft., near Oak.
ACTIVE tr.«n to take retiring partner* place;
fttnall capital; office business; no night or
S-uti-v-ty work: experience unnecessary. tJi
Market at., room A.
JIESTACRANT— Oood place for man and wife;
Call* receipts SI2 to }IS. ZU Mason st. '
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$25*- RESTAURANT: CO chairs: must be sold
at once; cheap r»-nt. 4 living rooms connect-
ed; no agents. Apply at 412 bus} si.; cigar
store. ■ ' .. . .
FOR sale— A paying buttrr and egg business ;
cheap rent: bargain; clears $7i; roust sell. Ad-
dress box 1447. Call office.
OLD established shocmaking shop In country:
§ood place for business. Inquire 849 Devlsa-
ero st.
UPHOLSTERER, good business in upholster-
ing and carj'-'t work, will sell f or SlOO. Ad-
dress C. A. PRESTON. Haywards. Alameda
County.
$ir('O— PAYING zrocery and bar In Western
Addition; rent tli. WICHMAN. LUTGEN Ac
CO.. 31S Clay st. _.
(23.000— FINE business property: good Income;
:!ats anJ t-t<.jrs. Dox JI?C. Call office.
WANTED— A good restaurant outfit. Apply be-
tween 6 and 6, 227 San Carlos aye.
FOR sale— Concert hall. Apply at the Oberoa,
88 O'Farrell st., after 2 p. m.
FOR sale— Good fruit stand; S living rooms;
! cheap. Apply 130 Eighth St.
10-ROOM furnished hou«e cheap; good location
for (hyslclan. 3C3 Eddy rt.
SALOON doing g.-od business; bargain if taken
at once. 4.11 i:ush tt.
NEWSPAPER mutes for sale In country town.
Addrew »*'* 12SS. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant in a ifood lo-
cation, or a coffee house. Box 1479. rail.
SALOON for sale; on Krx-t st.. near Market.
Apply Jackson Brewery.
$110— FRUIT and vegetable (tore. lIS Oak st. :
a barraln.
SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
and more in work. WM. HENDRICICSON
& CO.. <U4. Call building.
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard In this
c'.ty for sale. Box 14M. ..'I office.
CIGAR store and fixtures with Call agency for
rale; -• a- n;i '.)!<: *>"<] location; rent cheap.
Box i:.74. Fallnan. Ce\.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar for sale: no
acrnt. North corner Fulton and Franklin sts.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL I CO.S. 412 Sacramento St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 ,Va-
lencla st.
CAIUIIAGRS AM) WAGOXS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. S2B Harrison st.
TOP bußpy, with pole or shaft. J3O; business
wagon. ICT.; rare chance. IS2I Eddy st.
ALL klr.Js of wagons, burgles, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission *t.
X* SETS second-har.d harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horgea. 1140 Folsom st.
j CARPET DGATIXG AM) « i BAKIIO.
| WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
bentlng Works. 5. 3-"7 Tehama St.; tel. S. 4).
SANITARY Cleaning Co. for health and square
dealing. 342 McAllister St.; til. South 14G.
CITY Fteani Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgT . 3S-40 <th St.; tel. South 250.
J.McQUi:i;.\"ri California Carpet Clean:: . Co..
4M Stevenson st. : tel South 2?S; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Suiter st. :
tel. Main Z»i. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Jc per yard; laid at Jo.
PTRATTONS. 3 Eighth ft.: tel. Jessie «44.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. -<» 14th
*t.: cleanlnr. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Ottif aye ; tel. I>*t ire.
< 1.1 VMM. CO3IPOUXDS.
UTICA cieaninc and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a pure
cure fcr prison cak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
, Agent. Office nn<! factory. 21 Spenr -•
CLAIItVOVAXTS (Mi BPIRITI
MRS. DR. CLARK.
up well-known trance medium, may be ccn-
»ulted en all affairs of life. While entrance!
*he reveals every hidden mystery: she will
it.cw you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
froperty; locates minerals; tells your entire
lie. wtiile In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; tend btamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
SOS Turk St.. near Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market st.. trance,
test medium: life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings SI.
MME. a CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters £ Hays St., room 7. second floor.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night 8:15; sittings
dally 10 to 4. ISOJ Stockton, near Greenwich.
MIPS MEDA HOSKINS. circle to-night: sit-
tings dally. 1423 Market, bet. 10th and 11th
MISS MELVILU2. great clairvoyant and water
render; German spoken. 9214 Mission. op Mint.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slatewrlter.
330 Ells st.; circle Sun. and Wei. evenings.
MRS. DRESCOL, card reader, palmist. Room
1. lOt Sixth st.
MME KOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 2.'-- up. 73 Fourth si near Mlsxlon.
MRS. DU PREE. card reading; questions an-
I swered by mall. advice given. IS 7th. room 9.
MMTt. ZEREDA. of * Seventh st.. Is -he ori-
ginal gypsy life reader; readings %c.
MMU. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2!>c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MM!:. SHAFFER, c'Rlrvoyant, card reader;
fittings ilally. 3124 Sixth st.
MMH. RAVENNA reads life fluently, business
advice; names given; 55c up. 6 Fourth pt.
TOUR future told by cards. 26c. 102H Sixth st.,
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
SIMP. STniLLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. tie; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
CHKAPEST and bent In America— The Weekly
<;.;;. 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States. postpalJ. for $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
* .-
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less »i-(n!'jl. Room 310. Market St.
COTTAGES TO iii.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath at 8103 Clay.
between Bak«r and Lyon; lately renovated.
JS— COTTAGE of I rooms: yard and basement.
IZ6 Ivy aye.
JS— NEAT cottage: 4 room*; yard; 1705 Turk
street, noar Sgott.
I |io- BAY-WINDOW rottage: 4 rooms; water
fr»e: 107 Collins • —■■'.. near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— Pit T. S. HIGUINS" dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe . Ink iml— extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
1 plied to the cums; the best and most artistic
I dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
; {tilings from Jl up;- other fillings from BOc;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or rrowned without pain; plates that fit
from 14 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 10
up; teeth without platen a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for . painless dentistry—
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates: thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work, teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, DOc: crowns, 13 CO; plates,
full set, %:.; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth rt.
S PAL CLINIC, SO9 Mar-
k-t *t . cor 4th. rm. T. Flood Mds.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; te.-th
without plates our si»ecla.lty; g.al eroWßa,
: ; iHtes. extractions tree, $4 10 ni
Tre hours. J> a. in to 10 p. m.; Sundays. Ito I
WILLIAM N - M I. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. *0 OFarre'.l St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. !": bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10 op-
erators, no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
H*-rlnlty: all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 225 Kesri. cor. Bush:
full set of teeth. $4; crowns. IS; fillings, 25c.
SET r.f teeth without plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1S» Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors :open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years N. Y. Dentists. !>67 Mission, cor. 6th.
DU ES SM A X-EX S AND SEAMSTUESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles* Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taupht. 205 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a prac-
tical course; pat. cut; positions free. 103 Post.
PARISIAN <lre**maklr.g. SS7 Geary; dresses
made, ti up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
» Ing, pinking. ill Post,6vtr O'Connor & Moffatt.
TnE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, DECEMBER 4. 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALtrS Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
practical ccursce In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, language*. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL official. reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute. Parrott building; be wise; follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $10; day
and evening classes.
MISS •: G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
tires more pupils; lessons personally «nd by
mall. 302 Montgomery st. j
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St., con-
ducted pcrscnally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $SO. Includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING ■<-•!. civil. electrical, mining,
niech.. survey, ut>»ay, urchi.: day and even.;
*st. 1564. VAN Dun NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater, 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 106 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv.orclass. Barker's Academy.^7 Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; most
practical method. 1234 Bush at.
AW schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
START right and the end is In sight. PROF.
MEKKI, violin, mand.. guitar. 1008 Mission.
BOOKKEEPlNG. arithmetic, grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6tn.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 4J6 Powell, near Putter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 65.1 Clay St.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Poet; phone Main 1986.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beet help. 414H O'Farrell st.; tel. East 429.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp.Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. »9 Geary st.; tel. Grant 38.
EMPLOYMENT — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
can rive best of references: also first-class
German second girl desires situation; city or
country. Miss CULLEN. 525 itter St.
NEAT colored girl desires situation; good cook
and houseworier MISS CULLEN. 825 Butter.
NEAT young German girl desires a situation
as nursegirl; first-class German second girl,
best city reference*, and a ilrst-class cham-
bermaid and waitress, hotel or boarding
house, want positions. Apply to MISS 11.
CULLINAN. 2^3 Sutler St.. phone Main 651.
TWO Swedish houseglrls wish situations. $23
and $20; good references. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st. _____
YOUNG girl wishes to assUt In housework:
$15; strong and willing. MRS. NORTON, 313
Butter st. '
A COMPETENT woman wishes a situation In
a private family; la a. good cook and will
do pome washing; will go a short distance In
the country; nut long from Philadelphia; has
good references. 365 Jessie st.
RESPECTABLE flrst-class American woman.
Is alone, wants to work In a small family;
Is honest and reliable; please call or write
soon. &27A Howard St.. first floor, room 10.
.A YOUNG nice Irish girl, understands German-
American cocking, desires general housework;
references. 41S Powell et. . tel. Main 6332.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to help In gen-
eral housework; wages SI!. Apply £39 Utah
6t., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
A WILLING German girl desires a steady
place from 7 a. m. to 3 p. in. 41S Powell st.;
tel. Main 5332.
A LADY wishes to get chamberwork: for a few
hours a day. 111SV% Howard st., room 21.
GERMAN girt wants place as cook. 124 Ninth
street.
RESPECTABLE American woman, no lncum-
trance. desires position as housekeeper, com-
panion or any position of trust; capable, dili-
gent and faithful worker: city or country.
Addres* J. A. 6.. box 1453. Call .'nee.
GERMAN woman would like to do hou*e clean-
Ing: SI and fare. 711 Howard at., room 7.
RELIABLE woman wishes to go out to work
by the day or nurse. Address 816 Alabama
St.. between Twentieth and Twenty-first.
AN experienced dressmaker desires work by
the day In families; old dresses made over ex-
quisitely: ball dresses a specialty; exquisite
fits. J. J., 1421. Call office.
GOOD dressmaker wishes to go out by the day:
terms S3 per day. Call or write, 1424 Market
St.. room 7.
YOUNG lady wishes position aa companion to
old lady or take care of children. Call 430
Tehama st.
LaL>Y wishes plain sewing and mending to do
at home. 150 Fourth St., room 7.
RESPECTABLE German woman from Ea*t
r.-ould like situation as housekeeper for aged
couple or laily or gentleman: care for lodg-
ing-house. 17 Verona place.
GOOD pianist, quick reader, wishes evening
work; reasonable. Box 1434. Call office.
DRESSMAKING, ladles' tailoring, repairing;
Bilk walata, $2 up. In families or at home. 651
Geary st.
DRESSMAKER that makes a specialty of chil-
dren's clothes will go out at SI 25 per day or
take work home; references given. Call or
address 14n5 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wishes situation In
hotel or boarding house. Box 1237, Call office.
DRESSMAKER from New York will make any
style trimmed suit for $4: high-grade work
and perfect fit. 220 Eddy st. |
; SPANISH lady desires situation at do any
kind of housework: wages SIS to $20 a month.
Please call 1519 Taylor st.
ETYLISH dresses made for S4; also children's
dresses; reasonable; all work guaranteed; will
go out at SI 25 a day. Call or address 538
Fourth st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 right; SI 50 to SS
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from terry.
CI.ASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fU. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10*1 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
nt IMS Polk ft : open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife desire positions In city or coun-
try; wife flrst-claKB cook; man capable of do-
lnc Indoor or outdoor work; best of city or
country references. Call or address A. B. P.,
1632 Polk st.
STEWARD or chef, thoroughly understandflnc
his department, with wide experien-e; good
reputation; sober and economical. GEO.
STALL. Russ House.
EDUCATED gentleman, professional nurse,
desires position an private secretary and at-
tendant. Box 1452. Call office.
MAN and wife would like situation on stock
ranch. Address 8.. 348 Fifth st.
PERFECT German cook desires place In small
family. Call at 1505 Broderlck st.
ÜBUABUC sober Eastern man with several
years' California experience as private family
man: understands care of horses, cows, gar-
den and fowls, also orchard and general farm
work: wants steady position with responsible
party, where honesty and Industry will be
appreciated; good refs. Ad. H. P.. 417 Powell.
COACHMAN, competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches, de-
sires a permanent situation. As to qualifica-
tions. Al references, etc.. address C. 8.. 1022
Jackson st.
ITALIAN or French cook, employed for many
years In Florence, Rome and New York,
wants position In private family or boarding
house: best reference. CAVAIXINI. 6198
Montgomery avn.
MII'DLE-AGED man. handy with horses and
tools, willing to make himself useful, wants
light work: good home more of an object than
wages. Address H. W.. »6 Rltch st.
RKLIABI^E young man well acquainted with
the city wishes employment of any kind;
hamly with tools and quod driver. Call or
address GEORGE. 1139 Pacific st.
OARDEXER, practical In all Its branches.
. reference, wishes a position with pri-
vate family. Address J. W.. 1023 Willow st .
Oak lan.].
ttJUT man wants position as bookkeeper
or fi>i-ib'ant In office WOrit; long experience,
references and security given, salary ex-
pected $40 per mo. Box S2. Call. Oakland.
WANTED— Position by lst-claas druggist grad-
uate. In or out of city; best references. Box
1424. Call office.
CAREFUL and reliable married man wi*h-«
employment In wholesale or retail store. Box
1413. Call office.
SITUATION as collector, watchman or Janitor
l>y a careful, sober man. with reference. Ad-
drees box 1475. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country: reference. Box 1X52. Call.
BAKER on bread and cakes wishes position
1001 Harrison st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
COMPETENT~nnan wtalMN situation on subur-
ban place; can care for horses, cows, orchard,
garden and has experience In raising poultry
by Incubator. Addrcsa > box HOB. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man of IS;
strong and wining; would like place where he
can learn a trade. Address D. O. D.. *<58 Ste-
venson St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. £200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk tt.; open till 9 P. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10% Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE German expert optician.
10714 Market st San Francisco; examination
free; telei..c Mint ?57.
• EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranche*.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland. ■
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 3 rooms- yard and basement. 1452
Jessie st.. bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth:
small family. __^________ __— _
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 19
Montgomery st. /"
MCALLISTER. U29— Upper flat. 7 rooms, with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant:
MODERN flats; just finished: 6 and 7 rooms:
bath basemt.; yard. 1929-1937 O'Farrell; reaa.
NEW flat: 4 large rooms and laundry; rent
cheap. Apply to 349 Liberty St.
NICELY furnished corner flat; 4 rooms' and
cellar; rent $18. 41 Hermann St.. nr. Market.
43 SHOTWELL st.. nr. Fourteenth— Upper flat
6 rooms and bath; rent $19> -
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and bath. 414 Hyde
street.
SUNNY bay-window flats, 7 rooms and i kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 417H Third.
BUNNY flats. 3 and 4 rooms and baths. Inquire
at 1626 Howard St., near Twelfth.
SUNNY upper flat: 6 rooms, bath, store room.
12134 Guerrero St.. near Twenty-fourth.
TURK. 520 C— Lower flat. 4 rooms, bath; yard;
basement; rent $13: no children.
TURK. Corner flat, 4 rooms, bath; yard;
basement; rent $13; no children.
$16 US— 6- ROOM flat: 1006 Minna et.. off Elev-
enth: hot and cold water.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
BEAUTIFUL runny upper flat, furnished, 6
rooms, bath; cheap. 25»4 Putter; call 11 to 2.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— A nice flat or house, nicely fcr-
nlshed. not less than 3 bedrooms, with par-
lors; must be Inside of Octavla and Mason.
Golden Gate and Putter. Address by letter
to S.. box 1412. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
NOW reduced to $750: must go this week; fam-
ily called East desires to sell newly furnished
7-room flat; very desirable as to location,
building, neighborhood and quality of furni-
ture. 692 McAllister St.; afternoon or even-
Ing. .
ENAMELED Iron bedstead*, all sires. $2 90:
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs.
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway: open evening.
THE furniture of a 7-room flat, complete, for
sale cheap; apply In forenoon. 747 Capp at.
4 ROOMS furnished In onk for $41 50. with No.
7 ranpe. King Furniture Co . 1127-1131 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents The Weekly Call.
1* pitgM. In wmpper. for millinr. $1 per year
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with .1 T. Terry A Co.) buys
furniture. carets. 7. .7 M lesion: tel. Red 33.".3.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at., pays
the highest price for your ?<l-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpet", furniture, etc; highest
price paid: postal, M S'.lve~te'.n. 1121 Market.
FURRIERS, FURS, ETC.
'. ELECTRIC seal capes, Astraknn yokes. $10 to
IK. ROUT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP — AGENTS.
JUST out— New Peerless Gasoline Lamp; eaal-
in lighted: most satisfactory; knocks all
competition: agents coining money. Peerless
Lamp Co.. 218 Railway Ex. bldg.. St. Louis.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
c. r. hanskn & ct>....Trrrrr.To4"G^RY^T\
Waitress. Nevada, $25 and free fare: 3 wait-
resses, north, $20; 21 waitresses, south. $20
and fare; S waitresses, hotels, city. $20; 2
lunch waitresses, $3 50, no Sunday work; 1 1
chambermaids to wait. $20. city and country;
polisher and Ironer. short distance In coun-
try. $30; girl for sewing. $3 60 per week; 10
restaurant waitresses, $6 to $5 week
FAMILY ORDERS
A reliable woman with references for general
housework, city, $25, Swedish or German pre-
ferred: 5 cooks. $30. $23. $20; houseglrls for
city and country. $20 to $25: ranch cook, $30.
C. R. IIANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
A— TWO German or Swedish cooks. $30 each;
cook, American family, $30; laundress, small
country hotel. $20. fare paid; cook for men,
$30. country: housework. Son Rafael. $25: Oak-
land. $25; Stockton, $25; Oakdale, $30; Menlo,
$30, 3 In family; nurse. .Santa Cruz. $20; 1
nurses city. $20 each; French lady's maid, $1
per day. sleep home; young girl to take care
one child, $15: 4 second girls, city and coun-
try. $20 and $25: 3 chambermaids and wait-
resses, $20 and $15: woman with a child, $12,
city. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
HOTEL cook. San Rafael. $30; Kennett. $25; 4
boarding house cooks, city, $30 and $25; 20
housework girls, city and country. $30. $20
and $15; 4 second girls. $25 and $20. MISS 11.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.. phone Main 651.
COOK. '•"•. second girl. $20; housekeeper, coun-
try. $20; house girl. Sausallto. two In family.
$30: I>oa Gatos, $2'>; 10 house girls, city. $25
and $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter »t.
COOK and housekeeper for 4 men on ranch. $20:
ranch cxik. $26. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 626 City st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
Ing. 635 Baker St., near McAllister; refer-
ences required.
GIRL to assist in general housework and bak-
ery; no children. 3116 Sixteenth, near Valen-
cia.
BRIGHT young woman of good appearance;
must be rapid and good penman: stenogra-
pher preferred; office work. Box 1233. Call.
NEAT middle-aged woman to take care of
baby and assist with light housework; sleep
home: wages. $10. Call 1305H Polk at.
WANTED — Good finisher and apprentices on
custom coats. Room 78. Donohoe bull-ling.
NEAT second girl for Sonoma; $15. Apply 2210
Central aye.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
references. 236 Twelfth at.
GIRL or middle-aged lady to do general house-
work. Please call 681 Geary at.
GIRL for general housework at Potrero; $15
to $20; 8 a. m. 100^ Third st.
PROTESTANT girl to assist with housework.
Apply 1030 Mission at. ■
EXPERIENCED nurseglrl. 1434 Post st. bet.
• and 11 a. m. reference* required.
WANTED— Competent girl for housework;
wages $20. 1542 McAllister st.
GIRL for general housework. 344S Twentieth
St.. cor. Capp.
WANTED— A young girt for light work. 110
Second st.
WOMAN cook wanted at 322 Main at.
WANTED— An apprentice at vest making. Ap-
ply at 517 Jessie st.
i WANTED— Neat girl for general housework.
. I I jtt Bryant. st
STRONG, willing girl: general housework.
Apply 217 Polk at.
WANTED— German girl to do housework. 222
Golden Gate aye.. bet. 10 and 12 a. m.
YOUNG girl to take care of Infant and assist
In light housework. 1620 McAllister st.
GIRL wanted to do light housework; no wash-
Ing. Call at 1012 Jackson at.
EXPERIENCED girl for cooking .-,.".•! light
housework; German preferred. Call 1130 Ellis.
YOUNG girl to assist: housework and baby.
, 1223 Buchanan at., near Turk.
WANTED— Apprentices on custom coats; paid
while learning 40 Ellis st.. room 52.
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework;
no washing. 1419 Golden Gate aye.
WAMTBO A cr.ini^tent girl to assist In house-
work and mind baby. 80* California Kt.
WATTHKSS wanted for restaurant. 404 Mc-
Allister »t.
WANTEI>-Young girl to assist with bouee-
work. Call 142 Eleventh, bakery.
WANTED-Good waitress. JOS OFarrell it.;
wages $6 per week.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
BRIGHT young lady to assist in giving out
and looking over work In factory; previous
experience not necessary.: Monday, 1 to 4
p. m. 1516 Broadway, near Van Kess aye.
WANTED— Young German girl for housework
and take care of 2 children. H. TIETJEN.
1120 A Turk st.
GOOD home for woman; light housework; take
care boy 6 yrs.; wages small. Box 1453. Call.
BRIGHT young woman of good experience;
must be rapid and good penman; office work.
Box 1236, Call offlce.
WANTEK— A German girl for cook in lunch
house and general housework. Apply 230 Pa-
cific St., corner Battery.
APPRENTICES on shirts ond overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
mr Cuiigh and Grove sts.
WANTED— 6 good coat finishers and 2 but-
tonhole makers and apprentices. Apply 130
Kat<>ma st.
GOOD finishers on custom coats wanted at 304
Tehama st.
TWO good experienced vestmakers. 1303 Elll»
street.
WANTED- Girl assist with light housework
and baby. 120 Olive aye.. neur Polk st.
WANTED— IV rklng hakpr. for Mexico, without
Incumbrances; ISO a month. Box 1200. Call.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outlining Co., 13tS Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subcrlptlons
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions haa been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— American solicitor, young single
man. $10 week; American clothing salesman.
$10 week: young man about place. $30 and
found; 10 more/quartz miners, $2.60 day; tlm-
berman for mine, $2.75 day; and many others.
J. F. CROSBETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cake baker, $60 and found; board-
ing house cook. $23; third cook. $35; silver
man for restaurant; young German to asstst
In bakery. $20; dishwashers and othen. J. F.
_« - K"SSKTT i. OOu, M .-i-rani.ru.. st
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters and stonemasons for the Coast
Rr.ad. free fare, ship Monday and Tuesday:
10 farmers, different ranches, $20 and $2t; 3
single-hand miners, $" > a day.
Head waiter, hotel; lunch counter man. $3":
waiter, country hotel, $25: fry cook, $50; cook
for an Institution, country, $40; lroner and
starrher. country laundry, $36; middle-aged
door man, Institution, $10 and found. C. K.
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
YOUNG man from IS to 25 years who lire* with
his parents and speaks French or German and
write? a rapid plain hand; apply to Mr. C.
R Hansen In person. C R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary St.
WE want Monday 10 tlemakers. 10 boltmakers,
10 wooilchoppers. FIELD, 605 Clay st; tele-
phone Davis 821.
BARKERS wanted; first-class men only, at the
Barbers' Home; barbers and bosses will be
furnished free of charge with first-class hely;
offlce hours from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. ; in con-
nection fine sitting room for unemployed bar.
berw; letters referring to shops for sale: mint
contain full particulars and stamped envel pa
for reply; orders for barbers for country must
be accompanied by railroad faro; telephone
South 51. WM. HABERECHT. manaxer. 1205
Market st.. corner of Eighth, formerly of the
Kevere, Eureka, Humboldt Co., and Vallejo.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 15$.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver goods and
collect: will pay $15 per week; must have $75
cash: steady place. Apply 1016 Markot. r. 10.
WANTED- Young men to go whaling; no ex-
perience required. L. LEVY. N. E. cor.
Battery and Jackson.
WANTED— Porter for barber ahop. 100 O"Far-
rell st.
WANTED— Two first-class barbera at Barbera*
11 . 1205 Market at.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. S. E. corner Main
and Howard sts.
A GOOD tailor wanted. 254 Jessie- St., between
Third and Fourth.
GOOD cook. 432*4 Fifth at.
WANTED— WaIter at 217 Sixth at.
WANTED— Boy to help a plumber. Apply
1017 Folsom st.
WANTED— Good bright boy. Apply early.
Oak St. Market, cor Oak and Franklin.
GOOD painter and paperhanger wanted; with
board. 319 Third st.
OLD man for milk ranch. Apply Immediately,
.1. KENNY, Silver aye.. Mission road.
Re OTBULCX wanted at barber shop. 115 L*r-
kln st.
WANTED— Good block butcher; $30 month and
found. 3318 Mission st.
W X NTED— Bookkeeper. Inquire at 17 New
Montgomery st.
BUTCHER wanted: steady young man for ahop
and route. Kentucky Mark-t. 1512 Kentucky.
WANTED— Steward or head waiter for bakery
and lunch place: German preferred; good and
steady 1 -.islti'»n for right man; can start now
or Christmas, Call 1114 Washington at., Oak-
land; bring references.
TAII/ORB — First-clans operator wanted f>>r
country' on ladles' tailor suits: must be rapid,
accurate, understand |>re*«lns; good wages.
Arply to STEIN, SIMON St CO.. corner of
Second and Market sts.
CABINET maker and bor to learn trade. FINK
& :-chini>LEß. lsou Market st.
SMART Industrial Insurance man: good con-
tract: 12 to 1 p. 111. R. RALPH, 511 Montgom-
ery st.
BLACKSMITH for whaling cruise to South
Scan at HERMAN'S, W Steuart st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House 217 Third at. ; 150 largi
rooms; 2fc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop In the
center of this city; reaaon. death of proprie-
tor; must be aold: rent $25. For particulars
call on H. SCHEUNERT. 827 Market at.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; beat la city. 406 McAllister
st.. near Polk.
COO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission at., bet Ist and 2J sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectuies on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illusc-uted catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
GET your shoes half-solcl while waiting; 25c to
DOc. 662 Mission St., bet. l*t and 2d sta.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S, 2ti Steuart at.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
neya. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. Barber College, 741 A Howard at.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORINO CO.. 115 Kearny.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and Xc
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market at., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk rt.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
FOR sale— One dark bay pacing mare (can
pace under 20). 6 years old. over 15.3 hands
> i :h, weight 1075 pounds, sired by Truman
(1:11). dam by Le Grande, price $200; also
almost new leather-top bugsy. Studebaker's
make, harness, etc.. price $l2r>: also gent's
double-seated road cart. Frazler"s special,
and harness. $>': must be sold. Inquire 347
Fremont St.. rear.
40 HORSES for rale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market'
527 Sixth et. ; auction sales every Wednesday'
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
THE place to get bargains In horses— Ormonde
Stable. 1617 Mission St.; auctions every Tues-
day. 11 o'clock. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
60 HEAD flne draft and driving horses at Ifl
and 1623 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also seme flne matched black teams
HORSES wanted; cheap; for fertilizing pur
poses, etc. Postal. G. B. L. box 1454. Call.
F M?sslon fr ~Bt" year " 0l<1 hOr ** ° f 115 ° lb " •al ***
HORSES AND , WAGOXB WANTED.
WANTED-To buy horw. and peJdlct^. trai^
cheap; call after 9 a. m. 426 Minna «T^
HOrSES LODGING— .FOR SALE.
$175— SNAP; 14 rooms; north of Market; all
rented: rent $30 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see
BASILE, 3 KiMy St.; new cash buyer dally.
14 H' " 'M hi.-.-. Hy.i<- st.. r,-.jr BUsi r*M J" .
ntcely furnished; prl<*e $4iO; (must s«-
I' I'U'IS, 114 Market st.
lioi >i;> in i.i; i .
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. VMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK A CO., «67 Market st.
HOI. FLATS.
IS4I Taylor $50 00 9A Sixth. « r $3* SO
3324 Twentieth 18 00 1337 Howard. 6 r
1716 MuKon -'•) "-: 643 Guerrero. ( r... is uo
RENT $15— Uouve 8 rooms and bath; large yard
and big basement. SM Eureka st. ; key at 384
Kureka st.. n»ar Tw.-nty-flr»t.
5-ROOM house; Js; iJi.nter ler can
pay rent with work. 4ul Urceowich St., cor-
near Kearny.
HOUSE hunting made easy wrth the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A 11OWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
BROADWAY. 1»C8— « rooms, bath, laundry; fin*
marine view; rent $20.
CHEAP house— lo rooms and bath: In excellent
order; only $20. 62 Tehama St.. nr. Second.
LAGL'NA. 1715-1717 — Two sunny modern houses
of S rooms and bath each: newly papere.l
LOST AND FOIM).
LOST— Brtndl* and white greyhound bitch.
Return to 317 Golden Gate aye.; reward.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; Initials L. A. L. on
case; Thursday afternoon. Nov. JO; Hyde-st.
car. Return to 2117 Larkln st. ; reward.
LOST— Black and tan dachshund pup 4 months
old; reward. 817 Market st.
FOUND— Gray horse; owner can have same by
proving property and paying expenses. Al»-
ply WM. SAVAGE. 649 Bryant st.
_^ MEDICAL.
DRB. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye., 13<2 Market.
has returned from Europe with improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office. $5; warranted: 15 years' successful prac-
tlce In B. F. Office. 11$ Eddy St.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home for patients In confinement
or with chronic disease*; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $5. 942 Post St.. between liyde
and Larkln: hours. 19 to S. 7 to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients la confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible rare.
MRS. DR. OWYER. 110 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
beat of care: nlco garden: medicated steam
baths for ladies. DR. and MRS. WKCENER,
phone Pine 2781; res.. 1312 Oolden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for J7~yeanr;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure ti; consultation freo. 318 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 12S Market; ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated, late scien-
tific methods: cur« guaranteed: treatment $5.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor: guaranteed
treatment at office. $3; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 10?5 Market St.; hours. 10
a. m. to 6 p. m. : at re?l.lence, 228 Van Ness
aye., 6 to 9 p. m.; guarantee. l treatment. l&.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
st. ; every coae guaranteed; tz up.
DR. O. W. O'DONNEjLL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist. 1023H Market st.
I'H WONO HIM. herb d ■'. -. f- •* a.. 1 ! tk>
eases of the human N-*ly. 115 Mason st.
MINK* AM) >IININ(..
W. F. AHAM. i.ilnlne attorney, room 40. Itn
floor. Mills building. S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
III«"H Cape Nome claim on branch of Russell
Creek; one-half interest for }*/>: by young
man in immediate need of funds; full detail
on application: excellent opportunity 'or party
going thero. W. F. Aft AM. Mills bldg.. S. F.
Mist BIAAMKOI I 1 OR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. W5-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. Noon AN, 1017-IUD-IWI-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suit* and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store.
721 Market st.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his name belrur In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
FOR sale— l horsepower Westlnghouse electric |
motor. 110 voltage, with speed regulator; used
little; splendid order: price low. Apply In
Ceylon Tea Co.. 1143 Market st.
A— WITHERBY wood lathe complete, almost
new; great bargain. EPSTEIN, 64* Mission.
A BEAUTIFUL Marquise pearl ring, worth 135,
for 110. at UNCLE HARRIS. li Grant iv».
FOR rale— Pedigreed Great Dane pups. 205
Thirtieth st.
$18— DOMESTIC sewing machine: 6 drawers;
good order; complete. 1915 Mission, near l.'th.
POOL table, complete; In first-class condition.
Apply box 1240. Call office. |
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1043 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes; I
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The j
Waltx Safe Co.. 105-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal. I
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands i
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. S. It.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome st. tel. Main BOM.
I HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. I locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 M. BACIGALUPI.
M Market st. San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 813 Kearny st.
A— SO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, nr. Pine.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. Cl 3 Montgomery st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORF.NSEN,
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth st. below Mission.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes.
Iron A wood: M band. J. BURKE. M Beale.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers.
water pipe: new.2d-hand. Whttelaw.2ll Spear.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills: by all drug- |
gists, or Dog Hospital. MO Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
' BARS, counters. shelving. showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. 1111 Mission: tel. Jessie 1163.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— GoId quartz rock fit for Jewelry;
$22 per ounce for gold In It 323 Bush st. 3d
floor, room 4.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
STON^Elmhur.r 1 ' 1 **"' '^ J ° U & *
LADIES' and children's cast-off d reuse* bought
and sold. J. Sllverman. 954 Folsom. nr. 6th.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me; $50
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance: chattel
mortgages, confidential: advice free. i; E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8 F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval: no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st. above Sixth;
telephone South 14. ;■«,■'■
ANY amount at ( per cent: Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1.
HIGHLY respectable Private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or Id mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st '
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds!
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
&l*. nos ; no rMnov »l: low rates; confidential
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
On furniture and pianos without removal quick
•ervlcs: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
CS and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches dia-
monds. etc.; lowest rates: take elevator.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg
T °. m £ la £' men: »lth°«t collateral or Indorser"
8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelaa bldg
MOXEV TO I.OAK.
$8000 TO loan on furniture and piano* at I P«T
cent. WINSTON A CO.. 1026 Market st.
ALL proposition*, small or large; salaries:
rent*. KLOTH. 220 California St., room 1.
$:o TO $3>.00O: lowest rates: Ist and M mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 11« McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortraged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. <33 Market st.
MUSICAL IXSTnUMEXTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three year* and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new uptight
piano* for M per month, and some fjsssl
piano* for $3. $4 and %.. per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Steinway Dealer*, cor-
ner Kearny an.l Butter its.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago is KOHLER A- CHASE'H.
26. ZS and no O'Farrell st.; piano*, organ* an I
all ether musical Instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; price* lowest; every-
thing possible dune to please and satisfy th*
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale- new style*. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 3d .rr.|l st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chl:kerinirs. 2 St-lnways. 1 Vo*e A Son* and
fifty other slightly u^l high and medium
grade pianos, special >liKcounts for rash.
HEINE PIANO lie; CO.. 13» Kills St.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4. 14. U. »4. $4 per month.
2 Chlcketings, 2 Steinways, 1 Vose A Son* and
fifty others slightly used high and medium
grade pianos; store ct-en evenings.
t HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. M ElU* st.
ANOTHER carload of the Decker baby up-
rights Just received: they are beauties and
have a tone that captivates everybody. MAU-
VAIS'. 763 Market st.
DECKER, Packard nnd Boot he piano* sold on
most reasonable term* at MAUVAJ3*. 7«t
Market st. :\\z
GOOD second-hand piano* for sal* and to rent
at MAUVAIB'. 763 Market st.
THE best pianos for the least money at MAU-
VAIS'. 783 Market st.
SEE the new Packard Pianos and onrans at
MAUVAIS'. TO Market it. ; they are beauties.
OLYMPIA music boxes are the latest and best;
they {lay all kind* of tune*. Agency at
MAUVAIS'. 76? Market.
AN elr^ant Stein ■ Hardman. Chaae Bro»T
and Decker: excellent pianos; great bargains.
Room 12. Flood building. Fourth and Market.
GREAT slaughter sal* of pianos on storage;
closing out lot of uprights $*) up. open even-
Ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. ITI9 Mirket.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; price* reduced to Insure prompt sale*.
W. C. HAMILTON. 124 Post st.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
BEST bargain In the city; first-class upright;
very cheap. Call at 1131 McAllister st.
FINE Fischer A Stelnway uptight: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A- Davis piano*.
WANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
SOS Post st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNO'B. 21« McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good plight ; cheap. BCHMITZ. 1J
Ulster it., next Hibernla Bank.
BOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos! 3Ct
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. ; I^atham place.
I'ALMISTIIV.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
phone Larkln 10«. MRS. L.
PKII!>O.NA\3.
HEIN RICK A. TIETJI on* knowing hi*
whereabouts communicate with ERNEST 11.
TIETJE. 1205 Keamy st.
INFORMATION wanted relative to addr?»s.
during past two year*, of MRS. BRIDGET
DAVIS, formerly of Pennsylvania: communi-
cate. Address box n«n. Call office.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca gave the beautiful
gloss to that head ,f hair you admired ft
much; $Sc bottle. >; LEDERER. 13 Stockton.
LEDERER does the hairdresslng of th* town;
good work: small price. 2Sc; switches $1 up;
manicuring 2.V: Foamo Shampoo it- package;
try it. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
(000 CHRISTMAS tree*: sizes and prices to suit
all: delivered; order early. California »T)rl<it-
mas Tree Co., 508 Sacramento; tel. Main i:<o.
PERSONS desiring to Invest In Nome mining
properties or lots should address box 1473
Call office.
wigs made nf human hair at La Verite
parlors. 1140 Market st. ; telephone Folsoni 444.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LKMOS. 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Bth.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark"
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Butter st. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cat. I American and Foreign
Send for circular. | Patents Solicited
FREE SITTINGS FOR BUST CABINET
PHOTOS: no deposit: every Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday of this month at
MacLELLAND.S. 46 O Farrell st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms:
*Sc to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $S per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEAPING theatrical and masquerade cos*
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market st.
ARTISTIC halrdresslng, 23c; shampooing, tic;
halrdressing and manicuring taught. Up-to-
Date Parlors. 10M Market st. over Wonder.
STAMMERINO corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools aa4
old gold: send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ONLY store that buys old gold Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. . COLE MA VS. 606 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 2C3 Third st. : send postal.
PAINTING and paperbanglns;: rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN ft BATH. 303 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: books bought.
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St.. near Cal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. I Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. Bee 8. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN A CO.. infra, of One furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife: no lnj*c-
tlon; guarantd. Dr. Cordln. 614 Pine, ah Kmv.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf*g. O. NOLTE.
_ Jeweler. US O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mafltnr. $1 per year.
PlkOTOGIlAI»IlIO SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service: country orders oar specialty s
catalogue free. Cul. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SCIIGEONS.
DR. TOMKINS. formerly of 1344 Folsom St..
has -lately returned from New York, where he
graduated from the Lying In Hospital, also
Bellevue Hospital, and now has his off)
and residence at l.".K*-j Howard st.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET.
LOFT 587 Mission Street; J3xM: power avall-
able for shirt, shoe or paper-box factory.
STORE or factory. 619 Howard St.; X3xlW er
port thereof: light all over.
STORE. SW. cor. Vallejo and Leaven worth. 1
living rooms: suitable for grocery; flat above.
5 rooms and bath: large cellar; rent for
whole $30 per month.
ELEGANT large store; 4 fine rooms In rear:
large dry basement, suitable for any buslne**.
993 Valencia st. under Hotel Denntston. cor-
ner Twenty-first: business renter of Mission.
HEAL KiiTATB— CITY — FOR SALE.
FOR sate cheap— 3 story houses. In food con-
dition: on Sttb St.. near Howard. MR3.
LX ER.
FOR Cheap, new 3-story houses; 7 rooms:
latest Improvements: Noe and Hill sts.; near
Ca»tro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
$320 CITY poultry farm; good cottage. 4 room
and lot: geese, chicken and duck house*,
cement floors; nicely a/ranted; banks will
loan $750: a fortune and home for $13 per
month. Apply to P. A. DOLAN. CM Market.
$3400— MODERN i-room cottage on bltumln I
street: lot 22x130; also a Uvr*e 7-room house
on Pierce St.. near Halght; nouses built t»
suit purchaser: easy terms. Inquire oa preou
ties. F. NELSON, builder.
GOOD Improved Income property for sal*,
cheap: car line; Western Addition. Address
bex 1173. Call office.
4-ROOM cottage and basement; almost
new. nr. Bernal Height School and Holly
Park. Plelhops Grocery. lit Cortland aye.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye . and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. -9 Montgomery »t. REAL — CITY — I*on SALE.
a. m. bpock a co.. ~~
c 67 market ST. OPP. KEARXT.
3i:p.mo. |
Downtowa buelne** corner. 137:€xU7;«: stores
at. a J^dgliiß houses above; rents l> *) annually.
tioo.ooo.
n:i!»- t<t. comer; 00x19; stores and TO rooms;
Kill »>ay 7 jier cent net.
3:2.W0. *
B-tnres ana flats: modern; rents about 3J400
yearly; l"t WxlQ feet; t fronuevs; CO«t 1:0,000.
_. tr..'M.
Near Eflly ar.l Jcn«s sts.; ttore and M rooms
übiAe; cjoUtrn; j.aya 7 &>er cent net.
cs.ooa
Gear>* «.. near Taylor; CCxSO feet; no better
i>'^y oownTown.
s:i.ooo.
Minslon »t.. near Third; lot iCxS2; best bar-
Si.a cv X. talon st. lay.
Jll.r^O
-9n9 ns t« l r Mj:rkpt a "J Taylor stt.; stores) and
2«>s; tO feet Iror.t; rents about 31(0.
«r2oo.
< crner near MarUr>t «. : rents HIM yearly;
•tort acd flats; nearly new.
JTSOO.
ihre« r.ew f.ati; vicinity Powell and Bush
»■ ; rents J.s.
KXA.
Poet St.; 3 goca flat«; r»nts m-. let 27x110 feet.
' r ! I f«tlM X:n ° fN>t * nil( '^>' >dem residence;
r.r.t ttaMe; warm belt Mlcrlcrn.
Near Powell ana Clay ,t,.; I fiats; rents lit
A. M. BPKCK & CO.. Cf7 Market st. ;
ItEAL H!»TATK— «il rXTIr XTlt V— Kor Sale I
i JjrST, «" Uf tUI -tUawnbW that I've madt
•', «re laltv r f insi>ectlnK. appial.lr.r.
'hi', i, f i,. a:^ " t<i '* li e it « fuur.try property in
iii! . * ' *. ovtr U T*V*. having pernorsaJly
ltifj^ct-a ttv.l now rumble m. re ranches than '
« 1 ot.'irr i:renti put together in San Fran- I
clrco; lut of tUi th* gulJen uiportunltlea to,
•ecure a luvely home «.r rllt-Mg* paying at.d
m.t lr.v«.tn;er.t tht Colloviag described in i
t.'ie ver>- br,t ever offered:
ButKllvlrion tale— lo. M. 10 and up to 300 '
tcre« (size tracu to nit), the vtry best lo- I
catta and cholcett. h!rh:y cultivated. de«p I
fcca rich level lo*m. adjacent to Na;». for 860
Z»r a. re; would be cheap evtn at 3190; has
aoia ana no doubt will toon again bring SI 0
p*T a- re; it is tht very choicest of fruit, vine-
? *• * !fa!fa - corn - *«C»r be«rt, grain or hay
lana; t-uarar.teel to rer.t for 10 per cent net.
<aah In advance on Investment; It is better
MCtmty and will pay flv# times the profit of I
i »•::.;••■ banks cr ordinary loans: take my ad- '
vice and buy nome or n'.l of this land.
eiCKELS. thw Lap.a A».-ent. CS6 Market K.
J^ 'R iro (»» cash) 19 acres In wheat; M Pot
ir-00: i:r> at 85; 160 to :>*> In wheat at 111 I*.1 *.
M. GRIFFIX. ?» Market, near Call building.
CHANCE to tr*dt city property for tht Johan-
fcikberß Springs, mounrala resort and vine-
yard*. Napa County.
CO acres, furejahed ana equipped for busl-
r.ers; ja>s oor.fr ov«>r £0 per cent on Invest-
ment: will ee'.l for 1-3 of original cost; terms
to «ult. or nu»t b* rmtnj at onct on account
cf flepurture of ow&er to Europe. For photo-
trat>h« and particulars Inquire of A M
fl'^K ft CO.. CC7 Market St., Examiner bldg.
FOR Ea!e— On» hundred acret choice beet land.
«-n- n-.lle from Salinat. B. 11. GRAVES. Sl4
H«ve» ht.
nEAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— Lot 40 or tO ft., on Howard or Fol-
scm »t*., E. of Fourth. Address W. H. C.
brx 14 C Call office.
HI M ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
t4MO^IIOUEE "two flatsT No« at . city tTOoS^
7-rocm Alameda ccttag*. lot' (0x149. For
ranchr*. 2 West Berkeley ccttares. C2OO and
!■•' ■ Oty lets. German- American, 34 Kearny.
IX>TS In good country town; will sell of ex-
char-s*. CfiWINO * CO.. PW Market kt.
nOOSIS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH ofOc* for the reception of adver-
tls«a-.er.ts aad subscriptions has been opened
at UTS Polk «• . open until I p. m.
JJLTHANAN. 602. corner Fell — Sunny furn.i-hed
bay -"« inflow asd kitchen: cook stove; 112.
CL-iT. T421. near Flllmore— I large unfurnished
roorr.«: yard; water; rear; rent 17.
riFTH. SM-J connecting furnished housekeep-
ing t <■.,;•!*. IIS; also rtr.gle rms.. JS. %( and 7.
IiC'tVAIIX>. £2.v— l cr 2 rooms furnished comp'et»
for hou»«-keej>!ng^
NINTH. -I*, near Market. 1 runnr cornectir.g
rnrmn hk.; stove, water. ga.»; ll n ; rlr.gle, JS.
j ■•:.}■.. 717—3 furnished housekeeping rooma
with bath.
TKHAMA. 131—3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping; • •.::•. r> tubs and iath.
TENTH. 138— Sunny housekeeping rooms; also
slr.cle.
Tt'KK. M.%— ' ... I ' front room complete for
hout rk«-p!ng: gaa and bath; S2 M per week.
T\VELFTH. IS2. betmeen Mission and How-
ard— 2 aunny connecting rooms; housckeep-
ltig; gas atove.
CI-ASKTFIED a4vertt<ementa and aub«erlptlona
received m Call branch o flee. 22(0 l'i;lm re at.
X BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•übsrrlptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuck >• ftreets. Open until • p. m.
A mtANCH office for Call advertisements a d
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
1-nrin >t.
lIOO.MS TO LET— Porn, and Infurn.
A BRANCH office fnr the reception of* adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at i:T3 Polk at.; open until » p. m.
AN t;r-to-ilate r.ew fireproof building. Pan An-
tjni.>. new furniture, hot and cold water, ra-
diator*, c: ■:.-, rultes; when seen art apprecl-
ut<-.i. i'l Taylor nt.. near Market.
A-IWUNSWICK HOUSE. 141 Sixth-Rooms
25e to fl p<r night: Si £5 to s: per week, and
:;«ht huu^rkeeplTig: open all night.
AT Hotrl Francisco. Turk and Taylor *ts.—
Hr:nio!!k» house; modem ncrvtc*; elevator;
bath: rooms {.0c to tl 10 day. MRS. J. KING.
EURNKTT. 147S Market (olfl Na WO— Fur-
nished rms.. rultes. •Ingle; also unfurnished.
CAIUtOLTON. in* Market, cor. Golden Gats
aye— >"ur.ny corner: well furn; rms. i. orflces.
CLASSIFIED adx-ertlsements and subrcrlptlons
receded at Call branch office. 220u FlUmore st.
COLE, JOS. cor. Wajer— Neatly furnished front
room; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
ELLIS, tis— Large sunn) room; kultabls for 1
gent Icci'ti; e\ery thing new.
FELL. IIS — Two larce. nicely furnished rooms.
U each: one single. V>.
FELL. r.:S-Suaay furn'.shed rooms; modem lm-
j,r< ■vTier.ti-: rent reas'mab^
/ FOI^<»M. »r«X. near Seventeenth— 2 connecting
unfurn!*hed rooms: bay-window; sunny.
FOUTtTIL .*22 1 -t— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window anl single rooms: reasonable; quiet.
FITRNU?HEI> rooms from fl a week up by a
Mnxle woman. 17 Vwona st.
GIRAitD How«e— l92 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms: day or week; reasonable.
GITAND~KOUTnERN-Southea«t cor. Seventh
.•■:. . M:»*:on st% -Sur.ny room?, en suite cr
alr.Ele: lades' pnr'.or; reading room; eleviUor.
<;RANT aye.. 2*7. cpp. Samuels' lace houre— Ea
•■uUe <t niiK 1 .": \ory rfx>nnabl«.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rocmlr.s hou«ie: tl W to M per week.
iIARniWN. 7S4'i. n»ar Fourth— FlnMy fur-
nlfc!i«»d rrKitns: bath; ell conveniences; home-
like; II week up^ .
HAWTHORNE. 171, near Harrison— Pleasant
•unny room, reasonable: board optional.
HOWARD. 711— 200 tunny rooms: nlreiy fur-
nlrhfd; every convenience: electric lights.
IIf.WAKP. 70:»i-N!ce!y furr.i>hel runny
double end single rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD. 62V-Oean. re»pectable. 2&c to II per
r.lcM; from fl i<-r wet-k to »3; »ard-»t. car
to the door '
MrXLLISTF.R. 114. Flat No. 4-Elegantly fur-
nished frr.nt room for two rentlemen: iun.
cas. bath, gratp; «l«o single room, very rea-
*or>nbi»; call and Investigate.
MrALLISTER. 12*. cor. Hyde— Lovely Mstta and
Maer if^ms; all minny: private. 5
_^___^_
MrAIXISTER. 7C2'.t— 3 nice rooms for ' «»•-
kffplns; alsD alngle and m.tea; bath: ga«.
MINNA CC7. comer raghth— »w!y furnished
Imy-wlrdow room, f 1 per week: transient.
OFA^tRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevatcr; electric lights; day, wlc. m...
O^rAllßELLTici^X-Arre • Ished Funny clean
fiom suitable for 2 gentlemen; 112 to month.
pTNrriss."n«ar Polk— l^artt newly furnished
fr'.nt n»om; jirivate family.
I'OSt7"ic:;a— Elerantly furnished rooms; bath
«nd all modern conveniences.
i^VELlZ^JSA^Larfie sunny front and back
parlor, i-ultable for 2 rents; n»mly furnished.
liosi:itAl-i:. 3:i Ellis, nr. Taylor— lW rooms;
Sic m nleht: II a week: transient.
IIOTAL House. ITS Ellis st.— lncandescent light. ]
rradinß-room. emoklng-room and Indies' par-
lor; rooms. p«r rht XSC to :i M; week. 12 to
f . ■ -nth. |t to |> f ' ; elevator on office floor;
toona with tot, cola water; botha, -..- J
ROOMS TO LET Fan. and I nfurn.
SHERMAN Apartment House. » Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
I TAYLOR. 601—2 elegantly furnished rooms; ,i -
Kle and double; gents only; $12 and $«.
Till: Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming-house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. Sri— Punny front rooms for light house,
kf-eping: single rooms for men; 11 week.
TURK. 312— Sunny furnished rooms; rent rea-
ponable.
TVRIC. 1428— Sunny front room In a private
family.
VALENCIA. 117— Nice runny front room.
VERONA place. 20. off Third (Ist r.at)-Fur-
nlrheJ room for rent: new furniture; only
roomer: cheap; German family;
WILLOW aye.. C5O. near Buchanan— Nice sunny
nrwly furnished rooms: private family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at KM Ve-
lencla st __________
KOOM9 WANTED.
WANTHD^-Two or three sunny unfurnished
rooms; modern Improvements; rent not to ex-
ceed 812 cr 314; adults Box 1477. Call office.
LADT will teach piano In exchange for room.
Box 1242. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PTTER*FREILING'S pile salve, il per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal or protruding piles
without fall, no matter cf how long standing.
IC2B l>»ssail>lS M . near Sutler^
BAI> tenants ejected for '.. collections mad*;
I city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgon-.ery st . roomy »-10: tel. (520.
ROOSia papered from $3; whitened II up;
I ralntlng acne. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEYVIXCT MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
82 MONTHLY -.tel: repaired, bought, sold;
[ machine Mpplies. J45 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
' ALL kinds biucht. soli, ezchanc*d. rented; re.
I Milr.ng at lowest rate*. 205 Fourth at.
I i i -———————»
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
I PIERCE-ROI>OLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 4?1 Po«t *t.. cor. Powell; tel Main 6713.
I CALA. Storage Warehouse F. SMITH. Prop.,
722 M'.mlit: prom ruaranteed: tel Clay 25.
TO LEASE.
j TO lease — Wanted by ■ farmer and dairyman
from the Test a ranch to lease on shares or
cai-h rent. Box 1428. Call office.
WAll II REPAIRING. .
WATCHES cleaned 7Ec; guaranteed 3 yearn.
The P.ny Jewelry nnd Optical Co.. 640 K»nrnv.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AI.AMF.IIA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
rroundu: rrlvate. MRS PR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELBY REAL ESTATE.
FOR tale, near the University grounds, house
! of » rooms; thoroughly well built, all modern
Improvements: lot tlxlCO; either for cash or
easy terms. JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Adjoining P. O . Berkeley station.
I 3 ELEGANT V-room colonial homes adjacent
University of Cal.; Ju»t completed; porcelain
bath; finished In natural wood; all modern
conveniences: sunny fropiage; terms If de-
sired. M L. WTJRTS. 17th K. V. way. Oakland.
' BERKELEY ROOMS.
THOROUGH home: rood location: for r*nt;
small private family Add. R. P. 0.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND him ESTATE.
WANTED— A reliable man to buy an Interest
In one of thi* best paying manufacturing bum-
nesii on the tat Address P. O. box 420.
Oakland. Cal. . *
FOR sale— 101 f»'t on Market, 116 c: Twentieth.
Hi Forty-fifth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Shellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE.— Dividend No. 10 (Xc per
►hare) of the PAAUHAIT SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will be payable at the offlc«
of the company. 227 Market street, on and
after Monday. December 11, IS?S. Transfer
books will close, on Tuesday, December 6. 1839.
I at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
i IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.— ln the
matter of Occidental Beet Sutar Company, a
corporation, upen Us application for a Judg-
ment cf dissolution —Notloe No. 70,422.
Notice 1» hereby riven that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ranlzed and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of California, and hay-
Ins Its office and place of businers in the city
and county of Pan Krsncit-co. State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
drecred to the Superior Court of the city and
ccunty of San Francisco. State of California,
which application is rlgned by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a Judg-
ment of dissolution of said corporation, and
, that Friday. December 22nd. 18J*. at 10 o'clock
a. m.. at the courtroom of said court. De-
partment Number ""no. In the City Hall of
the City and County of San Francisco, bays
been appointed i«« the day. time and place for
the hearing of said application.
In wltnew whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and ' 'fixed th» official seal of Mid Su-
perlnr Co" this 20th day of November. ISM.
IPeal WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By J TO RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed Filed November 20. im. WM.
A DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
I»T>lltV Clerk.
; BIRTfa CARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, m_rlag» and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of th« publication offices and be
I indorsed with the name and residence of per-
•on» authorixed to have the BUM published.
BORN.'
DBVITT— In this city. December 3. 1898. to the
nife of Harry J. PTltt, ■ daughter.
DIED. ~™~
Donegan. Frank McGllvery. Katie
Flrmln. Francis A. McMullen. Mary S.
Hinkley. Florence R. McPh«rson. Albert
Kelly. Michael L. Plummer. W.
Koelrer. Cliarles I^. Reed. J. J.
Lamb. James Perata. Michael
Li i man. Henry . StaXford, Mary A.
DONEOAN— In rVnlcla. December 3. ISM.
Frank, beloved hu*band of Nancy Donegan
and father of Con Donegan. Mrs. Hannah
Farley. Mrs. Nellie Scholts and the late
Frank Donegan. a native of the parish of K!!-
car. County Donegal. Ireland, aged 78 years.
(Ponria, 111., papers please copy.)
£7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from his Ist" residence, thence to
.-• Domlnie'« <*hurch. where a high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repusa of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
St. Dominic's Cr-metery-
FIRMIN— In this city. r»ecember 2, «»». Fran-
cis A. Flrmln. a native of France, aged SO
I Tears
HINKLEY— In this city. December 3. 1R33, of
diphtheria. Florence Ruth, beloved daughter
of Chaxl«* E. and Angellqu<» Hinkley, a. na-
tive of San' Francisco, aged € years 7 months
and 26 days.
CT Funeral private.
KELLY— In this city. December 2. 18M. Michael
L . beloved husband of Idella Kolly,- and
father of Mary Loreti . Oenevieve Roue and
William A Kelly, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, •used X fears 7 months and 29 days.
(Vail* pap*™ plesne copy.)
|CTFri*nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan A OalWghe->.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
SO Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
' BBB^HBBBIBIBBIBHBSBBBBHBMa^^^^aiBIH^M^^Maa^^M
N. F. Delhi ef sen. Chaa. H. Jacob.
CHAB. 11. JACOB & CO..
j Funeral Directors and Embalmers. 318
Ma.«oii atr«*et. between Geary and O'Far-
rdl rtrn<»t<t, — T»l»|'h»ne. Miln f.?H
' -
McAUOY dfc CO.. 1
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS * EMBALiIERS. I
1235 Market M . between Sth and Sth. I
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1899.
(Tuesday), at Vallejo, on the arrlv-1 of the
7:30 train from San Francisco. Requiem mass
will be celebrated at St. Vincent's Church for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock.
KOEUX.KR-In this city, December J, 1899.
Charles Leslie, beloved son of Antony F. an<l
Annie Koelzer, a native of San Francisco,
a«rd 1 year and 9 months.
ff.J*Frirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invites] to attend the fuucral this day
iM nday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
Of the parents. 111K Fell street. Interment
H-ly C* '?* Oniett-ry.
LAMB— In Oakland, December 8. 1*99. James
Lamb, husband of the late Man' Lamb and
father of Joseph, J hn E.. William H. and
Charles Lamb, Mrs E. J. Koenlg, Mrs. Will-
iam LeaJkßT, Mr« W Cook, Mrs. Charles
Williams an.l the late Mrs. John Ryan, a na-
tive of flonmel. County Tlpperary, Ireland,
aged CS years and 11 months.
Cl7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Tiiesilay>. at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1203 Seventeenth avenue, corner of
Kn«t Fourteenth street. Oakland, thence to St.
Anthony's Church, wl.rre a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrat-'.i for the repese of his
sou a mmwriin »»t io o'clock. Interment St.
Marys Omet.
LIi'MAN -in this city, December J. W9.
Henry, beloved husband of Yetta Llpman.
it of Isldor and Mervyn Llpman, and
brother of Mrs. J. A. Alexander. Mrs. H
Hlrshfeld. Mrs. M. H. Mark», Mrs. A. Erb
and Leopold Llpman. a native of Sehmelda-
muhl. Germany, agei 61 years and 6 months.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Mfr.day), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, UU Webster street, thence by train to
New .Salem Cemetery.
OOKORBOATIOM HETH ISRAEL — Officers
and members of the Congregation Beth Israel
are requested to attend the funeral of our
late member. H. IJpman. this Any (Monday),
at 10 o'clock, fn in h;e late residence. 1115
ler street. la. HERZOG. President.
MARtTK LEVY. Secretar>'-
Mc<;iLVERT— In this city. December 2. 1895.
Katie, wife of Richard McGUvery. a native of
Ireland, aged 3H years.
C^TThe funeral will take place this day
' tay). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C O'Connor & Co.. "ST Mission street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
M.-.MVI.LEN— In this city. December I. 189».
Man Bh beloved wife of the late Huth R.
IfcMuUen, a native of Ireland, aged 60 year?
(TTTriendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, T3u Clementina street. n<-ar Ninth.
I thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
j quiem high mass will t>e celebrated for the re-
pose of her fcoul. commencing at S» o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
■ MePHERSON— In this city. December J, 189».
Ail'ert, beloved son of Daniel and Emma Me-
n.er»t>n and brother of Mrs. Louis Jones and
Mrs. M: r,-n Frost, a native of California,
I aged 18 years and 10 months.
PLt'MMER- Za this city. I>ecember I, 189».
Wsrrlr.£ton Plumrner. a native of Keswlck.
England, aired 21 years and 5 months.
USED— At Reeds Station. December 1, 1899. J.
J. Reed, beloved husband of Carlote 8. de
Reed and father of John P. and Clotllde Reed.
brother of Mrs Hllartta Lyford and Mrs. N.
-. uncle of Hugh and Sally Boyle and
Je»*le, May. Tlllle and Thomas I>HTenbaoh,
l a native of the Presidio of San Francisco.
| aged 62 years.
C7*Fri«n<le and acquaintances are respect-
fu'.ly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dent-*. Reeds Station, thence by train to San
Rafael, where obsequies will take place at
Masonic Temple at I o'olock. Friends from
San Francisco desiring to attend will please
I take no later train than 12:85 for San Rafael.
PEUATA- In this City. December 8. UM sO
i chael. dearly beloved husband of Anna Perata
a- I father of James and lYank Perata and
Mrs. R. «a Bechtnt, Mrs Louisa Demartlni.
Mrs. Mary Uazzurro and the late Oaetano
and J«.hn Perata. a native of Italy, ari'«l T7
years I months And 28 days.
C7Th« funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday*, at 10 o'clock.. fr<»m his late renl-
dence. 15«'S Dup^nt street, thence to Sts. Peter
and Paul's 'Italian) Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repit-e of his sOSjL commencing at 10:30
o'chx-k. and thence at 1 o'clock to Holy Cro«s
Cemetery. Interment private. Please omit
fl >wers.
STAFFORD— In Sacramento. December I. 1899,
M.try a. Stafford, wife of the late Thomas
Stafford and mother of John T. Stafford, aged
12 years and 13 day(<.
HIGHBINDERS HOLD AN
IMPORTANT MEETING
Claim Put Forward That Only a Few
of the Twelve Societies Hired
Hatchetmen.
Trouble Is still brewing; in Chinatown.
The eight Chinese merchants who were
pickod by the highbinders as marks for
the ax, live la f«ar of iht-ir lives. Those
wlii i I>.j (Mn tin* city havf not yet re-
I, nor will they f>>r kum time. Rx
; .itr<>l Qm Htr.f's on which
arc Miuiiu-i 1 i' ■ business
m« n who have braved the terrors of tlie
highbinder edict so much as to remain
in town, and these men will be given
every protection.
A larv- and important meeting of the
twelve highbin'l«-r societies w.-ts held on
Saturday night at the principal head
quarter?. After it had adjourned it was
:.i-c-d that all of the societies were
not in accord on the proposition of plac
ing prices on the heads of the eight mer
chants. It was claimed that only certain
appropriated the funds to hire
hatchetmen, and that they did not have
the support of the twelve societies as a
whole. Nevertheless H was admitted that
the ti . irerful
and will Jijrht to tho bl
Additional rumors as to the cause of
the dll'lculty are rife in the (.'hineso
quarters. It is now said that the mer
chants, who are aJI members of the Kong
("h.nv. have been collecting the tax of $5
per head required for each Chinaman tak
ing his departure for China, but that tot
a number of years they have failed to
turn any of this money into the treasury
of the societies. It is also said that Satn
Tupa as well as See Yups are against
the merchants, and that they have good
reason to fear for their lives.
BUN DOWN BY HOODLUMS.
Louis Larsen Injured at the Corner
of Fifth and Folsom Streets.
The reckless driving of three hoodlums
resulted in a nearly fatnl accident at the
corner of Fifth and PeIWMB streets early
last evening. Louis Larnen of 37M: Ritrh
street wm walking up Fifth street in
company with two yciunj ladifs and Just
as they *tart»d to cross Kolsora street a
buggy containing thre<- men. all apparent
;ly considerably under the Influence of
liquor, came dashing around the corner.
Larsen was knocked down and kicked by
! tho horse, but by a miracle the young wo
! men escaped injury. Trie three men
Jumped from the rig and escaped.
Lareen was picked up covered with
blood and his coat torn from his back. Ha
was sent to th* Receiving Hospital, where
an examination dlaclOMd the fact that he
was sufferhiK from a badly lacerated
I Mr alp f.sxl a numliT of severe bruises on
the arms and chest. The police are look
ing for the hoodlums whose recklessness
I caused the accident.
t ♦ ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL. -
II W Keller. L. An* L F Noss. L Anr
II L»ary. Now York O S Kyn*^. MUiiltas
It F Flint. 8 Juan (3 T HufTum. St l-mli
Mrs F Flint. B Juan A WyckolY. Seattle
W a Huppuch. N V Tho* Bond N \
Mrs W A Huppuch, NY Kdmon>l.«. Phlloda
G P Adams. ThlcaKo Mrs X Esmonds, Phlla
A <■ Barker. Mass II Bonnell. Ohio
»'art Wllcox. Presidio Archb I'apHle. N* o
F. COWICa. Sunol A C Luck. Nevada
' r»r Measch. I- Anc W H Schroeder. Ohio
J A Wamble, L, An« Mr* W Schroeder, Ohio
A W Kelly. L An* J W Coupland. N V
J More, L An: Mrs J Coupland. N T
O Cochrane. L An» E T Mullken. N V
II O Frank. NY • J C Orlfriths MUw
Mm II Q Frank. N T A Selater. Ohio
J H Earaes. Chlraso A H Nevlll. USA
Mrs J 11 Ernie*. Clizo T X layman Jr. USA
j a Vjl\'.^. Montreal Max lAatmH V
Mrs Wallace. Tacoma <> J Smith p.«»no
A P Palmer. I»ndon | Mrs O j Smith Reno
L, RoMßfcld. NY J M Mullln. Fresno
E Schattel. M I I
GRAND HOTEL.
E V Woods, Sacto C W Perley, Modesto
)i II •••■«>*. Nev IMlss 1 Caitto. j: C
'• C l»\irtln. Boston \V V McLemmon. B C
W X Cole «■ wf. Cal IR Hurle. Wis ,
A C WeaUat*. Cal J II Smith Jr. Seattle
X W HkaeKS. HealdsbjiA McDonald. San Jose
J II Nlchon. Oakland X McCraney. Sonora
II Jarmar.. Milpltas I. I' Wardle. Va
II 1! Benjamin, Cal S Lyons. N V
F V.' Llnscott. B CruiiW Marshall. N V
C C Kelly. Sydney R R Ixjwe. n V
II i; Ix>UKhea<l, Cal A Kastner & w Chiro
I H S L*-e. Stanford Mrs M Stewart Oak
',<■ V Dunphy. PortlandjE Rhine. Clayton.
L A Bauer. Eureka J D Garrison & m Cal
F Warren. Portland H Newman, bos An«
J Vandeveer. Stockton !E Steen. N V
II Juch. Mar>'"vllle ( C Jacob. Mokelumne II
■ Miss Print. Etdrld«-« Q W Tatt?raun. Stcktn
F man A w. Sacto A II Ewert. t'klah
| B X Hill. NY L Kobors. Healdsburj
V W Herman. New Or I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Moran. Vallejo IP J Leary. Vallejo
H Wiil!Hii.». B Diego J M Sullivan. Vallejo
X ,. F ! u r!'y-,T B - > '"!- ; - a .. I J Cht-lni. New York
i; Wilson, Vleiona, B CTB K>lly, Chlpato
E Harris. Victoria. BCiJ k Balcomb Stockton
8 Auberirer. Wisconsin J Mead. S&cramento
J Itackeiman. Wl« C Me^ard. Chicago
A M Daly. Cloverdale Mlsa X Parker. Prtln4
G R Edwards. Vall«Jo Miss B Parker Prtlnd
W X Jamei. Oekdale U Wulff&w. Bouldln la
J Mulroy. L Angeles J-~-
INSTANT DEATH
CAME CLOSE TO
ONE QUARRYMAN
Falling Bowlder Just
Missed Him.
♦ —
OVERDUE SHIPS HEARD FROM
Lee Cook had a narrow escape yester
day from instant death at Gray Brothers'
qunrry on Telegraph Hill. He was at
work on the face of the cliff making a
pa.«safje for the men to reach their work,
when a lot of loose stones began to tum
ble about him. Looking upward, he khw
& huge bowlder tottering, ready to fall.
From a cottage on the top of, Telegrapn
Hill a rope drops to the ground below.
This rope Is used by the quarrymen In
going up and flown the hill. Cook sprang
for the rope and v missed It. Losing his
footing he fell twenty feet to the street
below, the bowlder coming tumbling after,
him. Cook struck on hlB head, but had
enough sense left In him to scramble away
on his hands and knees. He had not
moved five feet when the rock fell right
at his side. The injured man was taken
to the Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Mot
rlßon found that a piece was chipped out
of bis skull and that he was badly bruis
ed about the body. The doctor considers
that Cook had a marvelous escape, lie
was removed during the afternoon to his
home at 1*22 Battery street.
The overdue ship Glory of the Seas ar
rived last night from Comox, B. C. She
was thirty-two days making tho run from
the Sound and experienced some very
heavy weather. A heavy southeaster
blew nearly all the time the ship was out
and Captain Freeman found it impossible
to make any headway. The provisions
gave out and for a time it looked as
though the men would have to resort to
seagulls for diet. Luckily, on November
30. the United States training ship Adams
hove in sight and from her the starving
men got enough stores to last them lor
ten days. Soon after that there was a
slight change of wind and Captain Free
man was able to work his way to port.
The collier Bristol, which arrived yes
terday. spoke the Czarina in tow of the
Holyoke. 100 miles south of Flattery last
"Wednesday. The Czarina broke her shaft
a month ago and is being towed here for
repairs.
There Is no word from the overdue
schooner! Amethyst and S. Danielson.
Both are out over a month and must be
short of provisions. The Amethyst was
supplied by the transport Columbia more
than three weeks ago, but those stores
must have given out several days a^o
unless the men have been on short allow
ance right along. The revenue cutter Mc-
Culloch is now out searching for the
overdue! and may pick up both vessels.
The scow schooner Excedra anchored
over the Postal Telegraph cable Saturday
night. Word was sent to the captain
not to move and a tug would be sent to
his assistance. Instead of waiting the
captain of the scow set his Jib and
tried to raise his anchor with the
result that the cable was broken. This
Is the fourth time this cable has been
broken within a month.
The battleship lowa will go outside to
day for a three or four hours' cruise to
try her engines.
H. D. Bendixsen of Eureka came down
In the steamer Brunswick last Saturday.
The Brunswick towed the Santa Paula
down. The latter is built to carry 7500
barrels of oil and will be towed up and
down the coast by the oil steamer George
Loomis. In case of an emergency (fie
Santa Paula is schooner rigged and can
shift for herself. The Santa Paula was
built by Bendixsen. There is now on
the stocks in Bendlxsen's yard a four
masted schooner for Captain Charles Nel
son. a three-masted schooner for the
McCollom Fishing and Trading Company,
ft barkentlne for Sudden & Christiansen,
■ steamer for the Humboldt Shingle As
sociation and a steamer for Gray &
Mitchell.
The steamer Robert Dollar, now nearlng
completion at Grays Harbor, will go into
the Nome trade In the spring. She has
been chartered by Captain Rathbone. late
with the Oregon Railway & Navigation
Company and v.-ill run between Seattle,
St. Michael, Cape Nome and Cape York.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Paclflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 3-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last .«< itkon, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 20.36 8.20
Rod Bluff 0.00. 7.02 2.12
Sacramento 0.00 7.10 1.61
Pan Francisco 0.00 7.71 2.23
Fresno 0.00 8.52 1.43
Independence 0.00 0.90 0.41
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 6.7$ 0.67
Los Angeles 0.00 2.48 0.18
San Dletco ° ■'"■(> 1.25 0.23
Vuma 0.00 O.W 0.13
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
69; minimum. 48; mean. 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over th«
country west of the Sierras and Cascades:
elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains th«
weather clear.
The pressure has fallen over the northern
portion of the Pacific Slope and risen over
Southern California and Arizona.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Northern Arizona: elsewhere the changes have
been slight, except In the Upper Missouri Val
ley, where the fall has exceeded 10 degrees.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
and somewhat threatening weather In Califor
nia Monday. „ _
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 4:
Northern California— cloudy, becom
ing threatening along the northern coast:
warmer in the lower Sacramento Valley; light
variable winds.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Monday;
light variable winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
ah- Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— cloudy
Monday; somewhat threatening In the after
noon: light variable winds. •
Q. EL WILLS' »N. Local Forecast Official.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coa«t and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Potst, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height if tide Is the same at both places.
~~~~ MONDAY. DECEMBER 4.
Sun rises 7:11
Sun sets «:M
Moon sets »:»7 p. m.
3 Time Time lime Time
m Ft. Ft. - -i Ft. I- -I 31-
• H W L. W 11 W| |L. W
4~7.. 1:14 4.7 6:30 S.t 11:30; 6.1 C:4l— l.J
6.. *:00 4.9 6:26 II ll:*>-6.» 7:30-1.0
6-.. 2:46 5.8 7:SO J.O 1:17, 6.7 8:19—0.7
7 ... 8:31 6.4 8:381 2.81 2:2! D.4 -0.3
I ... 4:18 6.C 9:49 1.5! iV 4.i» 10;. t 0.1
9 ... 6:00 6.« 11:00 1.9 4:1% 4.5 IO:C7 0.7
10 5:46 (.6! 12:09 1.3 6:OC 4.3 11:481 1.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
l.and column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
rccond time column elves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, a* sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United State* Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Point Arena.... Point Arena
Mackinaw Seattle
Samoa Humbolat
Ror.lt a Newport......
Coqullle River J«rav9 unroof
Empire Coos Hay
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Del Norte Crescent City
Aberdeen Portland
Portland (Portland
Homer Coos Bay
Area ta .......... Coos Uuj',.^...^.^.....
Dec. 4
Deo. 4
Dec. 4
Dec. 4
Dec. 4
Dec. 4
Dec. 4
Dec. 4
Deo. 4
Deo. 4
Dec. 4
Dec. A
RECOGNITION IS
ASKED FOR THE
YOUNG OFFICERS
Plan to Send Them to
West Point.
— ♦
A REWARD FOR VOLUNTEERS
A movement similar to one set on foot
just after the civil war is now being un
dertaken in behalf of the yoiing otHcer»
who served in the war with Spain In Cuba
and the Philippines. It Is a plan to have
those officers who are under 21 appointed
to the Military Academy at West Point.
In reward for their appointed at
large, not as district appointments.
The idea, so far as the young officers of
the last war are concerned, originate.!
With Mrs. E. A. Belcher, wife of Judge E.
A. Belcher of this city. She wrote to the
Governors of the various States asking
that they send to her the names and ad
dresses of those officers who served in the
State volunteers and who are under "l. In
the letter the object of the request was
stated, and on early reply was aeked for.
The letter was as follows:
Governor : I desire to obtain th« nim«i,
aet-8 and places of residence of commissioned
officers from your State who «erred as volun
teers In the war of '98 and who were under the
age of 21. The object is to introduce a bill In
Congress whereby thete young men will be
given an opportunity to take the entrance ex
aminations at West Point preparatory to tak
ing cadetshlps there. I shall feel grateful If
this can receive you early attention.
The first letter was sent out about the
beginning- of November and within a
week answers began to come In. Now
there are not more than fifteen Governors
to be heard from, and the list of young
officers so far obtained by Mrs. Belcher
is large enough to promise at least thirty
or more when all the States have been
heard from.
When all the ellgibles have been com
municated with and asked to interest
their Congressmen, a bill will be Intro
duced In Congress allowing the appoint
ments by the President. It is not likely
that It will fall. Congressman F. C. Need
ham of Modesto, Cal7, will probably intro
duce the bill. He has taken an active in
terest in the movement from Its Inception
and he will be one of its warm supporters
when it comes before the next session.
Hull of Ohio has also been found favor
able, and there are a great many army
officers who will help In bringing It to a
successful Issue.
At the close of the civil war the same
kind of a plan was favorably considered
by Congress and the result was some
very worthy appointments to the Military
Academy. Several of these appointees
have won distinction In the army since
then, and the experiment Is considered by
army officers to be one that can safely be
repeated. There were not very many offi
cers under 21 In the last war, but there
was a number large enougn to warrant
the interest taken in their behalf. It la
argued that they have shown their will
ingness and their ability to serve the
country, and they are, therefore, worthy
of an opportunity to enter the Military
Academy and to adopt as a profession
the defense of the flag.
SANDBAGGED R. W. SWEET.
Bold Crime Committed on Clay Street
Saturday Night.
Richard W. Sweet, who resides at Z2\
Adeline street. Oakland, was sandbagged
at the corner of Clay and Drumm streets
about 11 o'clock lust night. He was
passing down Clay street in the direction
of the ferry, and had reached Battery
when ho discovered that he was being fol
lowed by two men. At first he dll no
pay any attention to them, and It w.t
riot until Battery street was reached that
he found they were close upon him. As
he turned one of the men struck hi:n on
the head with a focK filled with sand
ar.'l be fell to the pavement. His cries
attracted a citizen, and before the men
could commit rlbbery they were fright
ened away.
Sweet describes one of the men as being
large an«l wearing dark whiskers. !
ported the matter immediately afterward
to the harbor police.
Excelsior Seattle Dee. 5
Victoria Seattle Dec. I
A Blanchard.. Coos Bay Dec. 5
Aloha TUlamook Dec. 5
South Portland Tacoma Dec. ">
North Fork Humboldt Deo. I
Australia Honolulu Dec. 6
WelllnKtoa ....(Departure Bay Dec. 6
Sunta ltosa |.San Diego Dec. S
Columbia 'Portland Dec. 6
Wellington Departure nay Dec. 7
Umatllla , Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 8
San Jose .' Panama Dec. 8
Cccs Bay Newport Dec. I
Alliance Oregon Port! De<;. S
Orizaba Vancouver Dec. >
Albion Tlllamook Dec. 10
Corona San Dle*o Dec. 1"
State of Calif. Portland Deo. 11
TO SAIL.
Htfannr. I Destination. I SatU. I Pier.
Destination.
Sail*.
I Pier.
Btateof Cal Portland Dec. 4. 10 am Pier 24
Corona Hun Diego I>ec. 4. 11 nri: Pier 11
Newburg .. Gray* Harbor Dec. 4. spm
Pomona ...Humboldt Dec. 5. Ipm Pier 9
On Sang.... China & Japan Dec. B. IpmIPMSB
Homer ....[Oregon Port*. (Dec. E. 10 ami Pier 10
Arcata Coos nay |Dec. ... 12 m Pier 13
Ccqullle Rv Orays Harbor Dec. 6. apm
Bonlta Newport Dec. 6. 9am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 6. 10 am Pier 2
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. I- . 7. 10 am Pier 9
Curacao ...Mexico Dec. 7. 10 am Pier 11
Aberdeen . . Portland Dec. 7. 6pm
North Fork Humboldt Dee. 8. 9am Pier 2
Santa KosafSnn Diego.. ... Dec. 8. 11 am Pier 11
San Mas... {Panama Dec. 8, 12 mjPMSS
Columbia ..(Portland Dec. 9, 10 nmlPler 24
PL Arena.. Point Arena. .l Dec. 9. 2pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... Newport j Dec. 10. 9am Pier 11
Albion Tillamook Dec. 12. S pm Pier 2
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. December 3.
Rr stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 44 Jays from De
parture Bay. . •
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, J3& hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr- Willamette. Hansen, 81*4 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Jeanle. Mason, 6 days 10 hours from
Anacortes.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. 19 hours from Du
reka.
Stmr Lflkme. Schage, 6H days from Tacoma.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gllboy, $7 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander, 42 hours from
Moss landing, • etc.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 27 hours from Santa
Barbara.
Ger ship Columbia,* Schutte. 42 days from Ha
kodate.
.Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman. S2 days
from Comox.
Schr Mary C Matsen, t hours from Fort .
Robs.
SAILED
Sunday. December 3.
Btmr Miami. Rllley. Seattle.
Stmr George Loomls. Brldgett. Ventura.
Br stmr Belgian King. Weiss, San Diego, Yo
kohama and Hongkong.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Ger ship Arthur Fttcer. Dunker. Queenstown.
Schr Transit. Jorgenson. Honolulu.
Bchr Webfoot. Mercer. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 3. 10 p. in.— Weather
bazy; wind NE. velocity 16 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Bristol— Passed stmr Cxuriaa In tow of
tug Holyoke Nov 2'J at 6:10 p. in. off Grays Har
bor.
Per Glory of the Seas— Had a succession of
southeast winds and gales for 30 days
DOMESTIC. PORTS. -V:
SAN DIEGO— Dec J-Strar Westport
from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSKND— Arrived Dec 8— Schr O
M Kellogg, from Honolulu: schr Nokomls. from
Hilo; bark McNear. from Port Gamble, for San
I Pedro; bark Highland Light, hence Oct 11
Balled Dec 3— Uktne Kl'.kltat. tr.m Port Gam
ble, for Honolulu: Chll bark Latona. for Che
malnus.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr South Coast,
hence Dec 1; schr Bertie Minor, from Honolulu.
Sailed Dec 3-Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro;
•c hr Mabel Gray, for San Diego; bktnle Moni
tor, for San Francisco; schr Occidental, for San
Francisco; Schr Allen A. fur Honolulu: tug
Rescue, with tow. for Ban Francisco: stmr Sa
moa, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrive Dec 3— Br bark Criffel.
from Antwerp.
Sailed D« 3— Br ships Fulwood ami Kate
Thomas and Br bark Royal Forth and Hr ship
Arctic Stream, for Queenstown: bktne Tarn o'
Shantcr, for San Fran.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec Btmr City of To
peka. from Dyea.
NEWPORT— Arrived Dec . Stmr Fulton,
from Trinidad: stmr Brunswick." hence Dec 1.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 3— Schr .Volunteer.
— - » — .
hence Kov 17: schr Llla and Mattle. henc« Oct
SO; schr Daisy Ruwe, hence Nov 23.
FORT BRAGO — Arrived Dec J— Ptmr Noyo.
hence Dec 2: schr Barbara Hernstar, henc*
Dec 1
PORT RLAKELET— Arrived Dec 2— Schr W
F Wltsuann, fr. m Port Townsend.
Sailed Dec 3— Schr H D Bendixsen. for Hono
lulu. ■
r»TEAN STEAMER 3.
NT-rw YORK— Arrived Dec J-Stmr Rottrr
dan,. stm r Pretoria, fr m Hamburg,
Wl EF.NSTuWN-Salled Dec I— Stmr Luca
nla. for N\>w York.
PORTLAND. Me.— Arrived Dec t— Stmr Van
couver, fr >m LITOTPOOI
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
fw Steamers leave Broadway
i^S^Bkw wharf, San Francisco:
l¥*i?^6v. For Alaskan ports. 10 am..
, IW^TVTiPS^ D * c - *• 7 - **■ 1T - * -"• Jan - *•
Ir? »il »v change to company's »tejm-
* bbßeßN^Bh *** at Seattle.
j|Bjfll F 01 " Victoria. Vancouver
ir^Ujjaß < B - •' >. J" rt Townjend. Se-
attle, Tac ma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatconi
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. Dec. I. 7.
It 17 22 V Jan. L »nd every fifth day there-
after- chanke at Seattle to this company**
iTelmer, for Alaska and O. N. R'y.: at Tacoma
to N P R"y ; *t Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. in.. Dec. 5.
10, l'>. 20. /'>. 30. Jan. 4. and every fifth day
For Santa Cruz. Monterey San Simeon. Cayu-
' cos Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). GavlotA,
Santa Harbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro 'Los Ar.pfle*) and Newport. 9
iam Dec 2. «. 10. U. I*. !2. 2«. 30. Jan. 1.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port ,Har-
ford (San I^uls Oblap >. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angles and Redondo (Lcs Angeles). 11
a. m Dec. 4. S.\ 12. 16. 20. 24, it. Jan. 1. and
-very'fourtb day 'thereafter. _-
; For En«enada. iMardalena Bay. San Jo»» del
Cabo Mazatlan. lAltata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
I lla and Guaymas (Mes.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further information obtain company's
The" company reserves the right to ehanre
without previous notice steamers, vailing dates
« r ,i tuwr* -of iHlnj
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace lei).
GOODALL Pr.RKINS * CO.. Oen Arts..
10 Market «t . San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMKR9 TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m
PA DC $12 First Class Includlns; Bert* |
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMDIA November M
STATE OF CALIFORNIA November 24
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Eaet.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
SCO Market at.
QOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
, Superintendent?.
AMERICAN LINE.
jrxw TORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LOMDOIf. PAHIJ.
Starring at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. B!St. Louis Deo. IS
St. Louie Mot. 22; St. Paul Dea. V
St. Paul Dec. 6, New York Jan. 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwers.
From New York. Every Wednesday. 1! noon.
Frie*lnnd Nov. * Kensington ..-..Not. 23
Southwark Nov. 15 Noordland Deo. 4
WesternUnd Nov. 22|Friesland Dec 13
EMPLRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISJEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
1 India, etc. No cargo received on board en day
' of railing.
AMERICA MARU Thursday, Dec 21
HONGKONG M MIL' Tuesday, Jan. 1«
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. i
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Th ° s - X - Australia
/v^fiffl <£Kj^S3 : iJ "a"" fnr Honolulu
isf Jv«S £ Xl "'* Wednesday. Dec U.
« C?i Kd! at : p - m -
fHsSMsMMI s - a - Marlposa sails
dSPnll! ■■ ll " noiulu
•^»saill* \\> ; in-«!.iv. ;
/1./^T 7^ ' '*" ■ Mirtpo.a sails
'iviS'/if'AVNni^ninJ Tla Honolulu and
C/UIIIJtIIU^ Auckland for Sydney
XsgSr (rF^W.i- Wednesday. Dec. 27.
Favorite Lin* Round the World." via Hawaii.
1 Samoa. New .land, Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.: S6lO first class.
L 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montcomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SI Frtiflhtofllc?.32? Market St.
COMPAONIE OEMESALE TRAKSATLAh'TIQCE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. <aa .
I Salllnß every Thursday instead of < ? \i**r •>
Katurday, from November 2. ISM. at -o*^ "**
10 a. m.. from Pier 42 North River, foot of
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. Nov. 16; LA
OAECOGNE. Nov. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
20; LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7. First-class to
Havre. J6<> and upward; I per rent reduction on
round trip. Second-class to Havre, Jij; 6 pe;'
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. rVOXTa & CO.. Pacific Coast
Ac*nt«. r. Montgomery «v«.. San Fran*ll<co.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tue*. Wed.. Thum. and Sat. at 9:4 i
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thunt. night), Fri-
days, Ip. m. and 8:3 : Sundays. 10:33 a. m. i
p. m. Landing and offlce. M lotion-street Dock,
Pier No 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE V*
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the be«t rail*
! road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves Ban Francisco at
1:00 p. m.
HOHDAT. WEDNESDAY, 7RIDAT. SATURDAY.
Arriving In Chicago at 2:lt p. m.
FRIDAY, lUSDIT. TUESDAY. WEDSK3OAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mole
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and the East
1:90 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Btockton. Fresno. Hanford, Vfsalta,
Tular* and Bakersfleld. furnishes good local
t train service.
i . _— ■ ' '
I San Francisco office. 633 Market St., telephone
Main 1-31-
Oakland ofnee. Ill* Broadway.
Bacramento o£flo«, 101 J street.
Can Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
NORTHERN PACIFIC
R/\ILIA//\Y.
Tickets at the Lowest Rates to
' SPOKANE. ROSSLAND.
BUTTE. HELENA. ST. PAUL,
CHICAGO. NEW YORK.
TTHE ONLY LINE OPERATINO "'" ' A
through tourist car from S. F. to St. Paul.
This car Is nicely upholstered In leather and
has every convenience of a (Inn-class Pullman.
Call on or address
T. K. STATEI.ER. Gen. Agt.. 633 Market *t-.
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAM/VLPAIS !-CRNIC PAILWAY.
Leave Ban Francisco via SausalUo Ferry.
Week Days— 2:30 a. m. and 1:44 p. m.
Sundays— 4:oo. 10:00 a. m. and l:li p. m
Steam-healed, closed ca. on all train*.
Fare— ban Fraaclsco to Bumolt and Ketum.
I «1 4U.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE!
TCESDAT. Dwembor I. U o'clock.
AT ORMONDE bTABLE.
1517 MISSION STREET.
Of 40 bead at Choice Horses, suitable for all
purpoeea.
B. WATKLN3. AucUoa^r.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327
SIXTH STREET.
WEDNESDAY, December ». at 11 o'clock.
We will sell a loi of cheap homes and mares
used by a rttlrinic contracting firm, a: good
worker*: also IS hrad of A No. 1 young horsea
from the countr}'.
Sri.MVAN ft DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
ELEGANT FIRMTLRL
THIS DAY (MONDAY) AT 11 A. M.
MCALLISTER ST.. NEAR LACUNA.
FRANK W. BUTTF.RFIELD. C" Market at.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
haiTiir.nv rAcincMojipt.M.
|r«rin ■ SYSTEM.)
Train* !•>»««■ •»»«• hit rinv lv nrrlt* at
HAH llM\<hn>.
(Main Lit:.\ Foot of Market Street)
LSATX — From KuVKMBXA 15, 1333. — umn
•TiOOa l:«ic'» Pnb-.n .n.l Sacramento.... *7il3p
Eb«!ra. Vaea»iUeand Rnmaey.... *7i»3r
*7iOOa Mh.^U Vipicsa-ttavla. Willows.
Kel i:iu3. I'ortiar.d *7»43r
•7i3» « M artlnez. Nan Itamun. Valtejo. Nap*,
CalUtosA ami Mania !:••«* # «i.i»r
•«:*•« The Orerlimt I.I ■ I'r.l-o.'dea. Dea-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago ... . *Siiay
••i3«a Hnu - Jt««, LJfcrmurs. Ntockton.
lone. Hacrsineutn, riac-nl.la.
M»a*»ni«. Chlco. lte-Ullult . 'lilir
•Nt.tO4 •Stilton. Uak>U!oan<l .-n-n ... 't-.tir
•MMM»« iUywarUa. NiU-saud Viif bUUons. •11:1.14
•U:OU« AiUdUo Kiprcs*— Ogdcti and Kus *»:I3*
•1»:O<»» M,,r ii ■ /. Trier. i-»'.i.r..p, btockton.
Mererdan.l 1 mio *i°4i!3r
•■■«••« PortCotta. Fresno. MoJaT* and l.< I
Augal • iip
■10:00* Vallrjo. Martinez and Way Muttons *«:43r
•Il:««». lUjwards. Nile*.- Way KUtiona. *••«•*
*\-*:<t\>u Mica. Ureri:iorn. Htockton, hacr*-
mruto, Mentluti. llacfonl. Vi .aa.
PcrunUa NiM|
fliOOr Hiirram-n'o IMfrrSfeinirni »">:i»«r
•:t: <)<>,. Hi T ,r.nU. Nilea ni.-l Way HUUona. *»llftr
'4i>iii M.iitliic-. M..H ICmnnit. Vall«)u,
.N.if '. CalUtoga. HwU Itcaa # U.l3a
*si«»«r II nicla. V*c»f!!!». Maera«w«l(\
Wouilland. Ui.!..at« 1.»i.,1ii.i-.
MaxyiTlile, Orutlllo '10.0.
•4i:i'«r Nl> fin. l, «..»i.lht <ku.n *7113r
•StVorThn Owl limited— Tracy. Fresso.
Kikendeltl. ttauiptt for Ranis lior>
tar*. 1, ■ AOKrlra. ">:«»»
•3:3*r Bt»>c«toi., M.-rr.-.1, l'rcmo -i. 1,.
•3i3flr VrFtiio. rUkerslicl.l. HanU fltilmra.
lies Angelas, Demlng. El l"no.
New ()rlr*t:s and FUst •^•••«
•3iS«>r Mai t» Ko Kir- — \i. u.ilo Eipctu
for Mo]af« mill Vm% 'Irllp
••:OOr IJ4;«itil.i, Nllra and hail .1. an »7j in*
t«:.IUi V.,.. . .... *IX:inp
•«:a»i Oriental M&il—Oz ten and Ka-t ••» "k«r
t?:OOr> Yah- Jo. 1"< it • -U and War m»-
MM |liUf
•Bi«3r Orrcou and Calif- rr.!» i:i|>r< na.M»o-
rmupnti>. Marjaflllv. Il a .1.11i«.
r.ittlan.l. r.ig.t .■' .. .i »i i i -«> «*i!3^
COAST IUTI^IOI (Narron Uaigt).
(Foot cf M irkct buuvt. i
m
*Milsa Newark Ccnt«-r« illi-..-*n.l(*«. Ki l:on.
Don! '■ r< i .k.hara »• riu ai..l Way
UUUuua •3i3«>
t»il3r Newark. C«DteTTllle. Nan Juse, New
Aliuaacn. Fclton, ItouliVr rr-< t.
Hanta Cruz and lilnclt*! Way
btatloos M)i-.l«a
MiWr Newark. H»n .I™*, flatus. ... *»:SO4
61 Is l.ip II i:.ut»' Kzcuniun. o«u Jmo and
WayMUtiuua {7<—l>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlk rRIBCISCO— ft«l if liml SUttt ij.j? •)—
•7:16 00 11:UU.%.U. JI:C3 »2:ZI ti.ZZ
•1:03 ;-.:•: Mr.".
fnmOllUlO— r««t«rßcuilwi;.— '6:oo 8:00 10:0Ot.«.
t t!2 30 '1:53 13 C 3 -333 HOP "I :3m.
COAST IH vision <r.roail(Jant;»).
(Thlr.l nn»i . ,'■,•.,
t«iio\ »»ci-*i. View. H.Mith nan rraticbm>.. lt:Mr
*?tUOA Kan June ami Way Htallr.ii* I. New
Aliii«>l>-ii We.lnesJajsnulj) *i.a«r
•••••4 Joia. Trrs rinos. Hunts L'nn,
l'acilio «;i(>u. Tain llnblrs. h.u
l.nla Ol'lnpn, -i aipoc ami
l'rluel|>nl Way Htatlona *lilop
•IO:lu, Pan J.»« iin.l Way Htatl.uis .... •1:334
•II:'.Ii»a Hal .I™ .. ' Way Htatlona •". (Or
f4>tr>rBau Mafo, Ueilwucl. Menlo lark.
I'.i'.-j Alto. Hanta Clara. Hail .lua*.
Trea IMoos. HanU Cruz. Hallnaa.
Mnnterry ami I'aclfle Grove .... HIMHi
4:i:n»r 5an. !..«.« a .. I Way .Stations «7<3or
fl:IAr San J..»eai..l Principal Way Station* ••:«*
t-VoopHnnJoaeaod Principal Way .Stations ■■■)-,
•.•»::!•!• Saii.l..-.. I'r'iif-it-t! Way Hlatloua *M:334
•K::tor*Jan Joaaaml Wnyfltatlona ft:OOA
Hl:l.'»r 8— JrwoanJ Way Stations •::.u*r
A for Itorniiii ~~ Pfor Afternoon.
Daily. t Hunday etcepie<l. { busday onlf.
6 Hatnr'lay only.
CALIFOBNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. COD
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of .Market St.
BAN-rnXNCISCO-TO^BJIN-RAJrAEII
WEEK DAYSj-VM. »:CO. U:CO a. m.: ]]«
'. 1, l« 10 ' <:J0 £■ nu Thursdays— Extra trl»
* l *;?*.?' m - H»tarday»— Extra, trlpa at LA
and ii:»o d. m.
BY^DAYS-^CO. •:«. UXQ a. m.; IM. S3l
_Ib"aN RAFAEL TO BAN FTjaNCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50. 9*). 11~ a. m. ; IJ:4J,
1:40. 8:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* a]
I:6S and 6:23 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO. »:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40. tX*.
6:25 D. m.
Between San Francisco and Bctraatzta Parti
ML.TH sch^dult as above.
Leave ■■ Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Saa Vraadsoaw
■ October 13, m
■Week Sun- 1830. tlxit*- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Daye.
T:33 am 3:00 am Korato. 10:40 am 1.40 an*
I. SO pm >:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10 SB am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, l.li pm 6:13 pna
Fulton,
fJOam Windsor. iS:3
Healdsburg.
Lyttcn,
O»-y»*rv111e.
jcXC pm I:0» am Cloverdale. 7:0 pra 6:13 ss«
Ml Hi Hopland and
6:00 am Uklah. 7:15 pm 6:33 pta>
1* am ' 10:3 am
1:00 am Quern He. 7:3 j>m
• :» pm 6:23 pa
f:tOam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:10 am 6:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pa 6:23 pa
T:3O am 1:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10 » aim
1:30 pm 6:00 pm) 7:35 pal 6:33 pa
Htafes connect at Santa Rnm for Mark West
Eprtngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lyttcn Bprlnss: at Oerservtlle for **«.S
€f.rin«s; at cUvertlale f r the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprints, Hlanl&nd Splines,
K«->eyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. B.xia Cay. Lak«-
port and Hartlett Springs; at L'ktah for Vichy
(•wrings. Saratoga Sprints. ll!u« Lakes, Laurel
D»ll Lake, Witter Sprlnirs. V: r-r Lake, Porr.o,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lleriay's.
Buckncll's. Banhelrln Height*. HullvlUe. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendorlno dry. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Vtal. WUtttta, Laytoavtlle. Cun>>
f&lng ■. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer.
•cctla ani Eur-lcv
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at ra»
4aced rates.
On Sunday round trio tlcketa to all potats)
Veyond San Rafael at half rate*.
' Ticket Off!c-«. *S0 Market st . Chronicle Wig.
X. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manage* Gen. Pass. Agent.
80RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via ■smisjbHsb Parry.
Commencing October 1. IMB.
rROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL ' VALLSt
WEEK DAYS • •»«. U:W> a. m.- 1-44 V
•3:40. 5:15. Id, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill ""alley and San Ra.
(ael. on Mondays. Wedne»d»°*s and >aturd*»a.
at 9 ranir > ani 11:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS-M:00. »10:(». ni:3o a. m.- nil
|:15. '4:45, 6:10, >:00 p. m. "^
Trains marked <*) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAT.L TO SAN FRANCiaCO,
WEEK DATS— 4 •«:». 15. •»:« a mTI
•11:30. 2:13. I*o, "3:15 p. m. *
EXTRA P.I IS on Mondays. Wednesdays a&4
Saturdays at 6:49 and 10:15 p. m.
BUNDAYS— «:W. 1:10, »;5 00. 11:45 a. a.l
•1:4». »J:i; 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked 4*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLUY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS 6:45. 7:15. 148 a. m.l
12:33. 2:35. 3:48, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on St. n!tvi, Wednesday* a&4
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:29 p. m.
BUN OATS- 8:06. 10:CS a. m. : 1108, 3 I*. I Is.
1:00. 6:45 p. m
THROVOH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way Italians,
1:49 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and tray stations,
|:C0 a. m. Bun«!iors— Tomales and way stanzas.
/\D r . (jihhon^s DlspcnsarTt
&>***>s'!{ <»-•"> Kl:ai:.Vl ST. f>L-»bl'jh-.l
fijHi^S&ok in IMS I fur tbi> treatment of Private
l>l«*«-v. Manhood Debllllj or
62A Hr*B.U MT. K«Ubllab-d
in ih:> If'i- 10l I'rWate
:tyor
ftl^TE.-,*^ ili«»- «.<•• wearing vii body and mln*. ill
to\ • l ,T\i>, - .<i- »> ':• -<Uin lUseaars. I ne<loclovcur»ewi»eii
e*i«'»Jfrii>#»* ; J" th '* r! ' f;l11 lr^ t> ' m - . ..»r»»n low
'■^-iV*.* • Curmcairsilrra. ('ail urwrl'.r.
Or. 4, m: feaßßOJl* ■•* 1937. tiaa Jt'raactoOk
910
TRIED TO MURDER HIS
BRIDE OF THREE WEEKS
B. Greenhood Attempted to Carve
His Wife With a Razor,
Thinking She Was Untrue to Him He Re
solved to Kill Her and Then Commit
Suicide Saved by Policeman,
IN a moment of frer.zy. occasioned by .
jcaJousy. U. A. Grfriihood, who Is j
well connected In New York, early j
yesterday morning made a desperate j
attempt to murder hit wife, whom he j
married about tl,r"»- weeks ago.
The couple lived at &W Grant avenue. I
?uspectir.s that his wife w;us unfaithful to ■
her maniaKC vows Greeohodd procured a
razor from a friend, and going to their
apartments aocused her of paying atten
tion to other men. Mrs. Greenhood em- i
phatically d«*nied the impeachment and
started to leave the room, after threaten- j
Ing to "return to her mamma." Angered j
at her threat Greenhood drew his razor, !
and flourishing it over her head an- I
r.ounred bis determination of -• tiding her
to the Morgue.
Realizing that he meant what he said
the thoroughly frightened bride attempted j
to argue with him, when he tnade a j
flash ai her throat with the raror. For- j
turiately Greenhood's hand nw unsteady j
and the keen weapon passed harmlessly
over her head, lnt-tantly she darted from '
thf room and ran downstairs, lustily call- j
Ing for !•'.}). Her screams attracted the |
attention of* Police Ortloer Geiman, who.
was in the vicinity, and he rushed to her j
rescue, : After learning her story the po- i
llcoman went to the apartments of the j
i-ouple and placed Greenhood under ar- I
resU. He denied that be had attempted to j
kill his wife and I* gced not to be locked ;
up. Despite hi.* protestations he was j
promptly h:indcuff«-<l and escorted to the
California-street Mation.
When searched an unsigned note ad- <
dr**ed to the Ooron«-r. in which the writer
declared hi.* intention of murdering his ,
wife and then cutting his own throat, was
found in his possession. At the request of '
HIGHBINDERS GO
TO THE SEAT OF
A CHINESE WAR
Large Number Leave
Chinatown.
— •
ONE MURDER AT MARYSVILLE
PETITION rO THE CONSUL IN
THIS CITY.
Shooting cf Hoey Doy Gim Will Be
Avenged by the Members
\e Hop Sing
Tong.
Within the past fow days over one nun
dred highblndcis have left Chinatown in
tht* city for Maryt-vilie to engage in a
tong war winch has been going on at i tut
place. They have been sent by the local
nlghhindrr sorMifK and nK-etinss which'
resulted in th«'ir departure have been h^ld
•luniiK the ji.ist wf«-k.
S<» grave lias thy situation in Marynville
become that a petition was received yes
terday by tl.*> Consul <;<?n*ral tor the pert
of San Francisco asking him to invoke
the «id ..f i!:.- IVdor.il authorities for the
profrtion uf the merchants in tho min
ing town. A petition aJ««o a*ks that the
<"«nisul direr t si letter to the peace officers
in Marysvtlta urging them to tx«>rt every
e !T<.:i to prevent a repetition of the <rim«-t
<rf lnst month.
The trouble in which the San Francisco
hlglihinoVrs will participate started some
time «c«i in Chloo and was later t»ans
f erred to Mnryfvllle. On Xovomhc 24
two members <>f tho Saey <">n long way
laid Hoey Doy <:im of Marysvllle. a mem
ber of Ibe }!•>;> Sing T«>njf, and snot n:m
to <;r ath.« Th»- Mop Kings are sworn to
avnicf thr> <Vath of «.;im and during the
past few «I;t>p there has been a hegira of
hißhbind-is to that town and a war ;s
imminent. Th* Chinese Consul In Sen
Francisco wi:i take action In the matter
*• do what hf «;in to prevent hostilities.
Addiess ny Bishop Nichols.
of the F.pifi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THOUGHT
BABY'S EAR
WOULD
DROP OFF
Body aud Head Blass Bleeding Sores.'
Suffennl Beyond Description.
Physician Could Not Even Kelicve.
Had to It*- Put Under Opiates.
Father Gives Up Utterly Discour-
aged. Itead CLTICUKA Testimo-
nial .to.l Cot CUTICUHA Heme>
dies. Cured in Seven Weeks.
My lnf ant boy WMafflirvd with a terrible »kla
d>n»»e. Ihr upper art of hi* body wan one maaa
of Mrf diap ««ire» ■ hlrh rxtraded tohU head, and
one of hl» ear* wan ko affected that we thought it
would drop off. Hi- nufffrtnrt were beyond
drpcrtpTion, and he had to be kept eonntantly
uderthetuflumceof oplatci. Ourphyniciandld
cvi r>thinj; for hi* reUef ; but Icrtead of the child
IPPficf brtter, the IMM »wfrr.rd to become
more eKcmvatftd every day, until I became utterly
(ZtrM-ouraprd. I could tod nothing that would
rreD relieve my child till on* day ray attention
wm HIM to a CcrirXßA teotlmosial published
by you. I bought the Ccticciu remedies, using
Oie Crncrßi, Ccticcba &Okr, and Ccticcra
HrfoLVEKT. The retail wa» (Imply manelloot.
A fter the third day the opiate* wen discontinues),
the child waa free from pain and the terrible Itch,
leg •rnr.&lion. From day to day Improvement
progrcMied, and la tiren vttk* from the day
tee ttartfd on the CCTICCHA reinedle* tt.r child
Wai cvrtd, toe acabi t ailing off, leaving a clean,
■Month baby akin in their place.
Aug. li., IblB. J.C.UAUDWICK, CIara, Ga.
CrncrKA Riiu>iu hare eCected the most
woaderfcl cur< » of tortortnjt, disfiguring, h»mlll-
atlngak.n. <- a.p. and blood tumor*, with lore of
t »ir, ercr recorded. Warm batht with Cuticciia
SoAr, icllowed by gentle anolatlngi with ( rn-
crii . purest of emollleut (Un cares, will afford
In* tact relief, permit re« and aierp. and pclnt to
a ••.:>■. {• a:. eat, and econcsical care, when
the beat phytldaut. hotpttai*. and all eIM fall.
Bold throughout tbe vor!4. rorrrm D. **oC. Cour.,
Sole 1» ,p. .B«tno - Unw to Cor« Bkio ta," frtt.
SAVE YOUR SKIN "tWSS.SA&r 11 "
his wife a charge of threats against life
was recorded against him.
Gre-enhood's rather Is connected with
the firm of Rafael. Tuck, Sons & Co. of
New York. Some time ago the young
man left the parental roof and came to
this city. He had considerable money
with him and spent It with a lavish
hand. A short time ago Greenhood found
himself penniless, and failing to induce
his father to send him more money, he
accepted a position as clerk on the trans
port Newport. About three weeks ago
ho met the woman whom he now calls
wife in the Olympia Theater. He became
smitten with her charms, and after repre
senting that he had "money to burn, he
asked her to become his bride. She read
ily consented, and it was agreed that they
would become man and wife the follow
ing day. Th<* ceremony was performed at
the appointed time and in deference to
the wishes of the bride. Greenhood went
to live with her In the apartments on
Grant avenue.
According to Mrs. flreenhood's story.
her husband the day after their marriage
accused her of flirting with other men
and smote her on the jaw. When she
objected, she says he drew a. revolver and
threatened to blow her brains out. Since
then they have had frequent quarrels,
and realizing that she could not live with
him on account of his intense Jealousy
the newly made bride decided to "call it
off." as she expressed it. She was pre
paring to leave him. when he became des
perate and resolved to murder her and
then cut his own throat.
It Is rot likely that Mrs. Greenhood will
prosecute her murderously inclined
spouse. After his release from prison last
evening she sent him a note, promising
to forgive him if he behaved himself In
the future. Prior to her marriage Mrs.
Greenhood was known as Mabel Pyne.
She Is a prepossessing young woman, "and
at one time she tried to became an act
ress.
copal diocese of California, will address
:!-.• Woman's Auxiliary in Trinity Church
ten ■ H. win tell of th.> Ids
■ ber In the
city of pt. Louis, which was an occasion
of unu.sual Interest and importance. The
meeting will open promptly at 2:30 o'clock.
A general invitation is extended.
ONE THRILL
IN "AN ENEMY
TO THE KING"
A thrill always repays. Physical sensa
tion Is always worthy of patient await
ing, but patience Is sometimes appalling.
and Its reward, when it comes. Is merely
gratifying without being compensative.
"An Enemy to the King" Is not punctu
ated with sensations, which is less fie
fault of the author than of Mr. Frawley's
players, who vaporize the atmosphere of i
romance in which it should be cl>>ir.ed i
and act with occasional emphasis, but ■
without a telling accent. There are cli- :
maxes nullified by overdoing and overbal
anced by periods of lentor that are. inex- ;
cusable .n a drama of romance. Ibe ;
playwright has provided minor opportuni- ■
ties in plenty, but they are not seized by
Charles Marshall as Frojac. a very crude
ly humorous impersonation, nor "by Mr. '
Mathewo as the rodomont swashbuckler
Harbemouche, patently rehearsed, nor by
Mr. Frawley. whose acting makes us re
gret Salvlnl and Joe Haworth. who 's not
dead, but sleeping. Mary Hampton was
negligible for three acts, but at the end
arose to a point of what I must call femi
nine virility, and this brings me to the- i
thrill I was speaking of. The dual scene,
which Is saved for the last act, like an
annual circus in vaudeville, is well worked
up and admirably achieved by Mr. Fraw
ley and Harrington Reynolds, ably assist
ed by the tables and chairs, and it li tils
and this alone that will take us out of tne
present and Into the past.
PORTER GARNETT.
Alhambra.
The Alhambra Inaugurated the new
week with a Swede-Frenchy farce en
titled Mr. Plaster of Paris." One-half
appears to be a reincarnation of "Yon
Yonson." or "A Yenulne Yentleman."
while the other Is very reminiscent of
other farces. Altogether It Is a funny
concoction with considerable horse play
The company presenting this farce Is not
so bad— on the contrary there are one
or two really good players. One of them
la E. J. Bunkall. who Impersonates a
Swedish servant with adherence to the
rules laid down for character work, while
Edward Fell appeared to advantage in an
old man's role, which If specified on the
programme as Ahlnidab Hinks.
There was a slight mix-up in the first
act. It sterns that the company, without
; the knowledge of the management of the
theater. Introduced two specialties. One
of them was a buxom maiden with a two
by-four voice: that is to say. with a
melodramatic soprano. The gallery
seemed to enjoy this part of the per
formance hugely, for it called the young
woman all -sorts of pet names. Then
came a Chinese act. which was the most
aggravating exhibition presented on a
local stage for pome time. It is very
lucky for the Alhambra that these two
specialists received their walking papers
as a reward for their unique accomplish- !
ments. Without these two side shows the
play at the Alhambra Is fairly good.
ALFRED METZGER.
SWALLOWS CARBOLIC ACID.
Disheartened because of th* persistent
refusal of htr husband to contribute a
portion of his waces toward the support
of herself and their 7-year-old hoy, Mrs.
Joseph Hale of -■ Natoma street tried to
end her life by swallowing carbolic acid
at about 7 o'clock last nlpht. She was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital and
prompt treatment counteracted the ef
fects of tho poison co that she was soon
pronounced out of danKT by Dr. Dray
Fortunately comparatively little of the
add had been swallowed, but the unfor
tunate woman's face and breast were
badly burned by the fl*ry fluid.
Joe lie. the husband of the woman Is
an ex-soldier, having served in the Phil
ippines as a member of the First Califor
nia Volunteers. According to her Btory
he began to fleet her before he became
a patriot, and although he wrote her sev
eral letters from the Philippines he never
sent her any money. Since hi* return
from the Orient he has been employed on
t the Government transport dock, but his
wages were Fpent for liquor while his
wife labored over the washtub to support
herself and child. " l
Saturday Mrt Hale learned that her
husband was drinking- In a laloon near
the N.-itonia-stre»-t house and spending
monpy ' ply. That was the last straw
and after hroodlnc over her lot for twen
ty-four hours she decided that life whs
not worth tho struggle.
"I would have killed him If I could have
cot hold of him." she moaned a* she lay
on a cot In the Receiving Hospital last
night, "but I could not flnn him.
« ♦ ■
Trapper** 'Ml cures rheumatism A neuraJri*.
r*ru4i«l»'». MV- fla«lc. Itlchards & Co. (M Clay.
■♦ ■ .
Oakland Bartender Missing.
OAKLAND. Dec. 3.— Martin Duffy, bar
tender at Joe Rosenberg's saloon on
Broadway, has been missing since last
Wednesday. He was last seen on a Tele
graph-avenue car Wednesday night, sup
posedly bound for his home on Hancock
street, near Shattuck avenue, Berkeley.
He has not been seen or heard from since
by his wife or friends. Duffy is aged 28
year*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1599.
GREENHOOD AND THE WOMAN HE TRIED TO MURDER.
THEY WANTED TO
MEET DEATH ON
THE BATTLEFIELD
Boy Stowaways Home
From Manila.
ONE IS FROM MASSACHUSETTS
FOLLOWED TWENTY-SIXTH TO
THE PHILIPPINES.
The Other Is a San Francisco Boy.
Both Were Disappointed Be
cause They Could Not
Land at Iloilo.
The transport Grant brought bark f>«»Tj
the Philippines two youngster* that had
a burning d»-sire to meet death on a
battlefield. The lads stowed away on the
ship before she left San Francisco and
had to be put under a guard at Hollo In
order to prevent them from following
the regiment ashore. One of the hoys Col.
lowed tho Twenty-sixth from Massachu
setts, while thn other one oast In his lot
with the regiment In San Francisco.
Their names are Charley Messenger and
Walter Ehrhorn. Charley*! home Is in
Sherborn. Mass., and Walter's parents
live on Lombard street, this city. His
f.-.th.-r works in a shoe store on Market
Charley wanted to «»o to the Philippines
to fight. TValter went purely for the snk"
of adventure. When Charley wani<d to
follow the boys ashore at Hollo and Cap
CHARLEY MESSENGER AND HIS GUARDIAN ANGEL.
i tain Baker refused to allow him because
he might Ret killed, the 12-year-old said:
"We have all to die. captain, and I
•would sooner die In my boots fighting lor
mv country than quietly In my bed at
home. My grandfather was killed fight
! ing for the Union and my father went
with the Fifth Regiment to Cuba, and I
; think now 1 have rome so far you should
i give me a chance to see some service in
the Philippines.' 1 Captain Baker was ob
durate, however, and Charley was placed
under a guard In order to keep him
aboard.
"I always wanted to he a soldier." said
Charley aboard the Grant yesterday.
• My father was a member of Company H,
Fifth Infantry; and fought in Cuba. 1 We
used to talk war all the time and so I
i got It Into my head to form a company of
jmy own. I had one of my father's old
campaign hats, a pair of overalls and a
pair of leggings and with these on I used
to march at the head of my company. One
day we passed my mother and I called
i out. 'All aboard for the -Philippines.' My
mother laughed and said ,'All right, my
boy, goodby.*'. She was joking, but I was
in earnest.
"Next morning' I -dressed myself for
school, but Instead of going there (I was
In the sixth grade of the grammar
school) I took off my school, clothes and
hid them in the bushes and downed my
uniform. I then walked and ran twenty
live miles to Worcester, only to find the
Twenty-sixth gone. I applied. to Lieuten
ant Morris for transportation to dan
Francisco, telling' him I bad missed the ;
train and wanted to join my regiment.
He laughed at me and told me to go
home. I lied to him nnd said I had no
home and the only friends I had in the
world were with the Twenty-sixth.
"When 1 had told my story Mr. Morris
said he would do what he could for me. '
Then he posted the following tag on my
coat: 'Dear conductor. please forward
1 this bunch of humanity to Captain . 'red
, H. McDonald. Company M. Twenty-sixth
i Infantry, Presidio, San Francisco, 'al."
i Captain McDonald was captain of Com
. pany H of the Fifth and my father served
I under him In Cuba, where they became
i good friends. At Springfield. Mass., I was
[ put oft the train by the conductor and a
, Mr. Lyle paid my fare to Albany, N. V
! At Albany a Mr. Balsbury took charge cf
me and brought me to Amsterdam. There
They raised a subscription and paid my
way to San PrandSCO, besides giving me
I an outfit and some money to spend. Fr. m
Amsterdam I went to I'tica. to Buffalo
land then to Chicago. At Green River I
] lost all my pack during the change of
cars and landed in Ogden with only what
I stood in.
"At Ogden I bought a revolver, a round
about, fifty cartridges and a pair of log
gings. I still r- i.l my campaign hat I
met some 01 the boys from the Twenty
sixth, and with them I came on to San
Francisco. They took care of me at the
Presidio, and then. Just before camp
br<>ke up. ] went clown to the wharf and
smuggled myself aboard the Grant. After
we got out to sea I was awful sick, and
when the chief officer found me I didn't
I care whether he threw me overboard or
nfit. I soon »rot better, and . nen Captain
i Baker, the army quartermaster, got the
carpenter to make Walter and I shoe
i black boxes and gave us an outfit, and
then we made some money shining shoes.
i At Honolulu the captain made us both
l write home, after which we were allowed
to go ashore. We had a good time, but
were careful to be back aboard the Grant
before she sailed.
"At Manila we were not allowed ashore,
and at Iloilo a guard was placed over us
, to prevent our escape. I was upon the
' forecastle head watching the boys fight
their awa** ashore and we could hear the
; iWauser bu<«etS singinc every second.
! 'wha-lz-ze.' me spent bullet came aboard
I and lodged tn the woodwork of Captain
>.bin. When we *ot back to
.\ianli.i -ir. Iredale took me -»<«hore and I
saw the whole place I visited the ceme
tery, and I tell yoi; lots of our boys are
• buried there
"Dnrtasj the run to Nagasaki the offl
1 cers. and In fact even body on th»» ship,
chipped in and made up a purse for us.
They bought me a complete outfit. In
cluding underclothes and shoes. At Nag
asaki I was allowed ashore and bought
■ tray, two chops»loks. a blue cup and
saucer and plate and some other things
for my mother: some wooden dishes and
i a Japanese doll for my sister, hut I didn't
know just what to get for my father. 1
was divided between a silver-mounted
Pipn and a knife, and In my excitement I
. leaned too heavy on the show case and
, broke the gln*s. That cost me all I had.
so my father gets no present. I now
want to get home as soon as I can. I
deserve, a good licking, and if I get If
I suppose I will be able to stand It."
Captain Baker has a ticket via the
1 Burlington route for Charlie, and will
start him on his way home to-day.
JEALOUS GIRLS REVENGE.
Maggie Collins, a pretty girl living at
205 Harriet street, has been Keeping com
! pany with Paul- Bulller. 236 Horrid
i street, but the demon Jealousy took pos
session of Maggie and she determined to
i make Paul satisfactorily explain his con
] duct or suffer the consequences.
They met Saturday night, by appoint
ment, at the, corner: of Langton and Har
rison streets, and In the heat of an angry
: discussion Mania threw the contents of
; a bottle of carbolic add at Paul's face.
He ducked his head in time to escape the
full contents, but his face was slightly
burned. He refused to go to the Receiv
ing Hospital for treatment, telling the po
! liceman that ho could get his own physi
: cian and said that he would not on any
I account prosecute his sweetheart, *o
Maggie was not molested
■■ ♦ ■
Dr. Parker* ■ Couch Cur*. On* Aose will «top
• cough. Never falls. Try It. All dru«l«*. •
LAYING OUT
SCHEDULE OF
SCHOOL WORK
Teachers Confer on
the Subject.
INAUGURATION OF A NEW PLAN
FORMERLY PRINCIPALS ALONE
HAVE BEEN CONSULTED.
Superintendent Webster Believes Ex
cellent Results Will Be Gained
by Elimination of Waste
in Studies.
A conference has been held during the
past two weeks, at which Superintendent
Webster, his assistant, A. L. Jordan, and
the teachers in the department have been
present, with the object of adjusting the
work In the new Bchool schedule for the
forthcoming year. This conference is an
innovation, inasmuch as heretofore the
principals aJone of the various schools
have been consulted in laying out the
school work for pupils, and is unique in
the fact that the principals themselves
have requested the Superintendent to call
in the teachers to give their views on the
Important question, so that everything Is
harmonJotlt in connection with the inaug
uration of the new plan.
One of the gnat points that the Su
p< rlntendent has had in view Bince he
first took up the work has been to cut
out the waste In studies. The chief source
of waste in;- been in a *re.it dm asure due
to scheduling work for children th.i
beyond the grade In which the\
placed. The Superintendent has never re
ceived any CO-operatlon In liis endeavor
to properly lay out a course of studies
until the present Board of Education
t-ame into pow< r. This (•■ .ipl, compre
hending the object ai.'l it- Importance,
has sustained him In his effortl In this
regard, as well as in other directions.
H. retoforc the failure to judiciously ad
ju.-t the work In the School Department
has bean largi ly owing to not bringing
together the suggestors and execut.
the work for consultation as to the
meth. .ry to accomplish the best
results. Heretofore principals only have
been asked what would be suitable for
the children, but at the suggestion of
the principals themselves the Superin
tendent soon became aware that the best
plan was not to consult the principals
alone.
The first consideration was regarding
the- work prescribed by special teachers.
In the pursuance of his policy for the re
establishment and expansion of the work
relating to what is commonly known as
the good, old-fashioned "Three R's," or
what is practically the rudiments of an
education. Superintendent Webster was
obliged to fix a time limit in many of the
branches. Humane education, physiology
and other nature study he directed to be
given orally and by means of supplemen
tary reading. To music he assigned a
half hour weekly, and to sewing he al
lowed three-quarters of an hour every
week In such schools as taught that
branch of domestic economy.
— In order to adjust the work pr»scrlb*4
by the special teachers to the time
limit, the Superintendent Invited the at
tendance, first, of the representatives of
typical primary schools to his office for
the conferences, and secondly, of the
teachers in the grammar grades. At the
came time he found opportunities to dis
cuss the different phases of the work with
principals and heads of special depart
ments. However, the amount of work to
be done In the various grades he per
mitted to be specified by the class teach
ers themselves.
As an example of the method pursued
to eliminate the waste In studies at the
meeting of the primary teachers held one
night recently, a fifth-grade teacher re
quested that some of the problems In
arithmetic in her course be transferred to
a higher grade, but In order not to be ac
cused of lightening the work of her own
class she offered to trade these problems
for some work In fractions that she had
found by experience her pupils could do.
She explained her attitude by stating that
the problems were so much beyond the
capacities of her pupils that where It
consumed hours In grasping their diffi
culties, it would take but a few minute*
when the children were more mature fot
a full comprehension of the problems. The
exchange was agreed to, and thus the
first Installment of waste will be saved.
Another case to show the benefits of the
new method of laying out the course baa
been discovered in the fact that the teach
ers of one grade asked to be given some
of the more difficult work of the grade
below. When asked why they did not of
fer some other work in exchange for that
which they had taken, the statement wan
made that If more work was not given
to these lower grades the teachers thereof
would have the opportunity to give more
drill on the subjects they had. and the
schooling would thus be more thorough.
The prevailing sentiment among the
teachers of the eighth and ninth, or the
higher grades, is that they do not con
sider the amount of work given them to
do, and they are satisfied to have th»
matter taken out of the lower grades and
given to them, provided the children came
to them properly prepared and In good
working mental condition for that which
was about to be taught to them.
"It Is the expression of these teach
ers," said Superintendent Webster. In dis
cussing the subject yesterday, "that by
pursuing the methods enumerated, they
will. if allowed to remain undisturbed,
be able to do at least one-half more work
In the nine grade* of the course In some
of the branches next year and twice the
amount in the year following. That Is,
providing promotions are made by the
department of supervision and sustained
by the Board of Education, on a sufficient
average percentage of the work In the
several grades. After this preparation
has been made I may expect to secure
from the high schools a preparation for
the universities that will enable them to
advance the standard of matriculation
and be supplied with better material thi>n
ever before.
"The teachers who have been Invited to
these conferences have been highly
pleased to take part in what might aptly
be termed "heart to heart talks' concern
ing the Interests of their charges. They
are unanimous In stating that this is the
first time In their experience that the
method has been pursued. I look for ex
cellent results to come from the Inaugura
tion of the plan."
SOLDIER COMMITS SUICIDE.
Artilleryman L. D. Merritt Fire« a
Bullet Into His Own Brain.
T-. I». Ifarrttt, ■ private in Battery B,
Third Artillery, stationed at Kort Ma
son, committed suicide by putting a bul
let into his head «om« time yesterday
morning in the International Hotel on
Kearny street.
M.rritt, who had heen absent without
leave for the past four days, went to the
hotel at a late hour Saturday night Ho
wanted a n.om, but had no money and a
sympathetic friend paid for a "bed for
him. He registered as J. J. Jonesam and
was shown to a room on the first floor
This was the last seen of him until yes
terday afternoon, when a bedtnakor on
his rounds found the door to the room
locked. No response being given t o his
knock he looked nver the transom and
saw the man lying dead on the bed with
a pistol clutched in his right han-l
At the Morgue the body was Identlffd
by one of the artillerymen of X tatr»>rv
The s=hot that killed NUrritt was ...i
from an old-fashioned ftve-rhambered re
volver, the bullet entering over the right
temple and lodging In the nrair..
Merritt enlisted in the artU'en.- in In
dianapolis, lnd.. on the loth of last Ap*!l
B« had been a member of the One Hur.
dred and Flfty-e|ghth Infantry R. K i
ment of Volunteers of Indiana which
had been mustered in for service at # he
breaking out of the war with Spain His
age as 'aken from the military rerfiater
was 22 years.
Rev. Dr. Spalding 111.
■Rev. Kdward R. Spalding of St. John's
Episcopal Church and rector of Trinity
S h.»,1. Is a patient at St. Luke's Hospital
He is suffering frnm nervous prostration
due to overwork, but is slowly recoveri;ii<'
He was removed to the hospital on Sattr
day afternoon. Last night the doctors In
charge stated that Dr. Spalding was rest-
Ing easy and would soon be able to return
to his Important work.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMPORTED
DRESS FABRICS!
THREE NEW LINES this week,
all verg appropriate for HOLIDAY
PRESENTS.
PLAIN and POLKA-DOT SILK-STRIPED
CHALLIES, exclusive designs, and all new
colorings, suitable for house gowns and
waists,
NOVELTY FRENCH DRESS PATTERNS, a
very large assortment of latest weaves and
colorings, in raised striDes and silk crepon
effects, Prices— fl.a. 8.a. 18M, »7.5i f $:• h and
$27. :• Dress Pattern.
GENUINE ENGLISH OXFORD GRAY CHEV-
IOTS, HOMESPUNS and CAMEL'S HAIR,
48 to 56 inches in width, Prices— UN, 51.25,
$1.51 and $2 111 per yard.
XI ™£? T J^-- A magnificent assortment of
NEW FEATHER BOAS, in Natural, Black and
orau, all lengths, from 18 to 72 inches.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
St CD
New goods
Oriental stuffed dates $ lb cartons
custard pumpkin — Boston marrow
squash— grated corn . for fritters and
— California prunes twenty to the
pound— ltalian chestnuts the genuine
maple kisses — glace' cherries
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— regularly SOc lb 40c
ten flavors
Prunes— regularly 07} c lb 05c
new — course
Sardines— iMzeran 20c 25c
reg'ly 25c 30c tin— boneless— best
Soap— regularly 30c bar 25c
French castile
VermOUth-regMy 65c bottle 60c
Noilly Pratt & Co
Butter 27£ c
Packed in June when butter is best
PimientOS— regularly 25c tin 20c
Spanish sweet peppers
Jams and Jellies 15c
regularly 20c tin 2 lb
Pine apple-reg'ly 12* c tin lOC
sliced — i lb tins
Matches— safety 60c
reg'ly 85c 144 boxes
Molasses— 75c tin 60c
New Orleans
Lime water— Enamel 20c 35c
reg'ly 30c qt 50c } gallon
Vinegar— Estragon 25c
regularly 30c bottle
Dentifrice "2 tubes 25c
Thymol myrrh — 15c
Bath perfume- wrighv» 20c
softens the water
Send postal for illustrated catalogue
4j* Pine 232 Sutter tSoo California San Francisco
1073 Clay between Eleveata and Twelfth Oakland
The Gas Company gives you .1
burner tip that burns 6 ft. of gas
per lighting hour.
We'll give you a '* tip"—
WHY,
Use a Welsbach Light!
It burns only 3 feet of gas per
lighting hour and gives 3 times
the light.
The Genuine Glvti ..._,'£"£•-^u
Satisfaction. In WELSBACH
Sealed Bo* Bearing Mar
ALL DEALERS
Beware of Counterfeit Mantlet and eSeap.
<Mi*<i/r>» bran j~i' tL
A HANDSOME
XMAS STOCK.
ALL OUR COOPS ARK NEW. NO OLD
■tock Everything of this year's design can
b« seen at RADKE * 00 >. the Jewelers, us
Sutter street. Inspection solicited.
Price marked In plain figures.
Mail order a a&ecial feature.
Price, 85c yard.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $.7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the Century. Handsomely
niustrated by thirty-two of th* World's
Greatest Arttota.
GIVEN FREE
to earn person Interested in sabaeribtnc
to the Eurrne Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions aa low at II W 1 entitle
donor to this daintily artlsttn I j!ucj«
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound. Mil), aa a eertlflcata of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's beat and most r»prss«uta-
tlTe works and la ready tor dMlvsry.
But for th* nob!* contribution of th*
world** arreateat artists this book could not
bars been manufactured for lees than 17.
Th* Fund created I* divided equally b«~
tween th» family of th« late Eu«»ne Ft«td
and th* Fund for th* bulldlna; of a menu.
ment to the memory of th* beloved po*t
rt rhlidhorwl. A«Mr»««
ECGEXE TIELD HONOKEHT sorjTisiß ram
ISO Monroe St., Chicago.
'Also at Book Store* )
If you also wlab to send poatac*. — i-|nsi
19 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adr. la in*ert*d a*
our Contribution.
Dinner Sets
Bargains.
«♦• Worth Yonr
Coming Just to See.
Great Aiericailipßrtim Tea &
Store* Everywhere.
zoo Store«.
■ .. — — - — —^____
POILIPPOS OH.4NESSUN OF ARMENIA
Has Brought a Direct Shipment of
FINE ANTIQUE
TURKISH
Rugs, Carpets, Killms, Etc.,
Const to Us to Bell
WITHOUT RESERVE.
AT AUCTION,
Berlnnlnr MONDAY. Dec. 4, it 3 and % p m.
POSITIVELY FOn ONE WEEK ONLT
117 SUTTER STREET,
Opposite Nathan A Dohrmann'a.
Goods on view to-morrow. Cataloe;n»s.
A. W. LOUDEBDACK. Auctioneer.
-*-«»^**Tti-e-ee»ee.»eeeee»eee-
iThe luxury, comfort, ennrenieneea. *
<> cuisine and moderate, charst* nave a
ii flven th« t
ii PALACE and •
: GRAND
♦ ♦
♦ hotels a reputation that la known wher. .
♦ f**r the Kncll*h l.i.ioi.i:' la spoken. a
♦ Connected by a covered rasanseway— 4
• 1400 rooms— 9«» with huths.
♦ JOHN C. PATRICK, Manajrer. *
♦ ♦•••♦♦»»♦ ♦-♦■ m » • ♦■ ♦■ •••.....
\A/. X. HESS.
ROTARY PC3LIO AMD ATTuBNBY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Roan 1013, CUus '• k»is Bids.
Telephone Flrown 021.
Ttoildenre. s;i California at., below Powell,
Pan Francisco.
COKE! COKE!
F. A. UcDONALD.
.Wholeasl* Dealer and Shipper of Coke*
errica ro fouwm n.