VOLUME LXXXYI- NO. 39.
BURIED BY CAVING EARTH
IN A DIAMOND MINE.
NUMBER OF MINERS ARE KILLED
IN A DIAMOND MINE AT NEW JAGERSFONTEIN.
CAPE TOWN, July < 9 - — A disaster has occurred at the New Jagersfontein diamond mine, where
the fall of thousands of tons of earth hasburied several people, including an Australian named
Forsythe. Some other Australians were killed and sixteen persons are injured.
In working a diamond mine in South Africa thr- 'faro" of tho blue diamondiferous earth is rarripd down to
t^p floor of the mine proper in benches. and sometimes, also, by "undercutting" and letting the material break off
and fall by its own weight, ft yap most likely in doing this that the accident occurred- These accidents are of
quite fi^quent o< cunreno«», though no! always accompanied by loss of liff.
At thr Kimberley minp on November 4. 188* ovei 250,000 cubic yards of dirt f«-!l into thp pit, ami in th^ Dp B^ers
mir.f on another occasion 350,000 cubic yards fpll at onre.
The new Jagersfontein is the most important mine in th*> Orange Free State part of the diamond district.
The <npital • npany operating it is £1,000.000 sterling.
It was in this mine thai the celebrated "Pam" brilliant, later known as th^ "Jagersfontein," was found. Albo
thp wonderful stone found In 1893, which is said to bo the largest and most valuable diamond in thr- world, its
weight being 969% karats, blue white color and very finp quality. Its value is simply inestimable.
AUTOMOBILE
TRIP TO THE
YOSEMITE
The Novel Journey Which
Charles Fair Will Un-
dertake This Week.
c r - -, ■ ..■!,». xhc Call.
STOCKTON, July 8.- Anent automo
bile experiments, one is to" h^ mad* in
California next .week which will excite
no inconsiderable interest.. A party of
San Francisco gentlemen who passed
through here yesterday said that
Charles Fair would, during -the '"mine:
week, bring hi? automobile to Stockton
snd undertake the trip to the Yosemite
in the vehicle. Mr. Fair is lid to be"
li^ve be can get over the grades, and if
lip succeeds in passi the grades and
rough roads between here and the val
ley it augurs well for tht> successful
completion of the trip from New York
to Pan Francisco^ The vehicle will bo
brought, to Stockton within a few days
if nothing arises to interfere with his
plans.
AMERICAN MOTORS
TAKE IN ENGLAND
LONDON, July *. - That automobo
lipm, about which people were so long
skeptical in this country, is now go
ing ahead i:- not a new story, but it is
interesting to note that h great many
morp horseless carriages have h<=>en
pepri on London stre< ta this week than
: before, Undoubtedly
Ihe exhibition which is being held at
Agricultural Hall, and which is by far
the biggest thing of its kind that haw
ever taken place j n Krjgland. accounts
for it. At the show the machines of
American makes, particularly the elec
tric cars known as the Ritier Colum
bia Paragon, have attracted so mnch
favorable comment that it is expected
F-ome of them will be se.->n ere long run
ning to London. Even members of Par
liament are to be seen riding daily
down to the House on their motors,
which are mostly electric.
Notwithstanding the fact that until
now oil motors have been most in fa
vor here, the only member of Parlia
ment who has tried any other than an
electric motor is the Hon. John Scott
Montague, and he had a funny expe
rience the other night. He was on his
motor, when he was promptly stopped
at the palace yard gates by the police
man on guard. Mr. Scoti Montague re
marked that .1. H. Dalzill arid others
ran regularly right through the yard
on their motors.
"Oh, yes." said the policeman, "but
they were electrir motors."
The honorable John was staggered.
The San Francisco Call.
ITe had to get off. walk and go to In
quire elsewhere the reason for the boy
cotting of oil. The fact is that his mo.
tive power was spirits, hut oil or spirits
were all the same to the guardian of
the house. The only explanation of-
I was that an oil motor had flared
up near the House of Commons lately,
Hud the offirer of works forbad* such
machines 'ever to enter the gates.
. »
MONSTER DISPLAY
OF AUTOMOBILES
BERLIN. July B.— lf any prnof were
required of th^ immense strides which
the sport is making in Germany, it
w«>uld be furnished by th* extraordin
ary "interest tak^n In the automobile
exhibition, which will be held m Ber
lin from the 3d to 28th of September.
In spit of th" fact that the exhibition
is two months distant, every inch of
is already taken in Exercir Haus,
placed at. the disposal of the committee
by the military authorities. In order
to meet the demands that are still
pouring in the military authorities have
given the Immense courtyard of the
barracks opposite. Here two immense
halls' will b*" 1 erected.
The French exhibition will be the
greatest ever held in Berlin since the
war.' It will fill fully on^-half of v,xe
ruf Haup. Sixty German firms have
entered thMr machines. The foreign
countries represented arp Austria.
.Switzerland, Belgium and the United
States. Mid-European Motor Oar
Clubs will have rooms fitted up in the
exhibition building:.
The great international racing meet
ing at Bade.n P.aden will be likely this
year also to establish a record. Near
ly rive hundred horses have be°n en
tered for the various events of which
seventy-eight are French and over two
hundred foreign.
SMUGGLERS MAKE USE
OF CARRIER PIGEONS
Send Information to San Quentin
Convicts Regarding Opium
Caches.
SAX QUENTIN PRIS<>N T . July 8 —
The rapture of two carrier pigeons
within a werk nas convinced the <>ffl
<ials that the birrls are being employed
by the 'opium ring" as a medium for
the transmission of messages concern
ing the caching of the drug along the
line of the Tibumn boulevard. The bird
captured to-day evinced perfect famil
iarity with its surroundings and ap
peared to have rome only a short dis
tance. On its left leg was a band with
the inscription. "RSIIS." The bird cap
tured a week ago also had the letter
■■!:'■ on a silver band around the left
leg. A diligent watch will be kept on
the road gang and an attempt made to
discover the ringleader in the smug
gling operations.
Kansas Wants Convention.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. July S.-Kansas'
campaign to secure the National Demo
cratic Convention, was begun in earnest
to-day. Four thousand citizens attended
a mass meeting in Convention Hall, the
great structure recently built by popular
subscription, and in less than an hour
$31,000 was raised as a bonus for the con
vention. It is hoped to increase the
amount to $50,000.
SAN FKANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1 899-THIRTY-T WO PAGES.
A SUBSIDY
FOR SULTAN
OF THE SULUS
This Marks One More De
parture From the Old
American System.
Pr"="-lal Plspatrh to Th« Call.
CALX. HEADQUARTERS, WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON:
July s. -,\s a result of the review of
President Schurman's dispatches, giv
fn by Th<> Call a few days ago, Ser-re
tary Hay. has authorized Brigadier
General Bates, at Manila, to go to the
Sulu group to consult with the Sultan
of the Sulus regarding the future of
these island?. The authorities will not
divulge the nature of the instructions
to General Bates, but it is understood
there is no disposition here to infringe
upon the Sultan's authority, provided
Ire acknowledges the sovereignty of
th<> T'nited States.
General Bates will explain the
friendly purpose of this Government,
and if necessary will agree that this
Government shall pay the Sultan a
small annuity as was done by the
Spanish Government.
President Schurman reported that
the Sultan was quite willing to trans
fer his allegiance, on condition that the
treaties existing bPtweon himself and
Spain were respected by the United
States.
It is further stated by an official in a
position io know that this Government
intends to establish home rule at places
where it is considered advisable, in
cluding the island of Negros, condi
tions in which, according to President
Schurman. are especially satisfactory.
Immediately upon President Schur
man's arrival at. Ran Francisco he will
come to "Washington and discuss the
Philippine situation with the President.
Tt is expected that another member
of the commission, either 'Professor
Worcester or Colonel Denby, will ar
rive in the fall and that a meeting -of
these three Commissioners will bo held
and their formal report formulated]
ENDEAVOR PEACE JUBILEE.
Resolutions in Favor of the Principle
of Arbitration.
PKTROTT, .Inly B.— A decidedly Anglo-
Saxon spirit was imparted to the speech
es at the Christian Endeavor "peace jubi
]p Pf " held on Belle Isle this afternoon. All
the speakers were representatives of Eng
lish speaking countries, American and
British, and all sentiments favoring great
er friendship and cioser relations between
the United States and British subjects
were heartily cheered. Resolutions were
adopted favoring the principles of arbi
tration.
ALLEGED
RENEWAL OF
VIOLENCE
Masked Men Threaten Min
ers at Work in the
Coeur d'Alenes.
SLIP PAST SOLDIERS
A Special to the Chicago Inter Ocean
■ Says the Reign of Terror
Has Recommenced.
Ei*c4al Dlspatrh tr> Tile Call.
BOISE. Jdaho, July S.-^A s?pe
rial from Wallace says: There
have been many rumors to-day
of Intimidation on Canyon Creek
last night. Engineer Wayne of
the Frisco Mill received an un
signed not<= reading like this:
"Get out nf the country or we
will Kneehone you." Tlip note
appears to have been written by
a woman. Bartlett Sinclair has
been to sop the old man. and has
assured him of protection, but he
has such dread of the threat
that he cannot believe hf is saf".
Up has quit, but It Is thought lte
will bp indticed to rpturn. This
is ;ill thrre was of the intimida
tion.
Tt was reported that George
"Hall had bp<-. n held up while go
ing; to work at th^ Tiger, and
told That his family would be
killed; but. there if nothing- in th°
story, according to the man's
wife, ■who says he went to Butte
on business. One story la that
Hall, who was going to work as
a master mechanic in thp Tlger-
Poorman, was met by a gang 6f
seventy-five men and told that
if h<"> went to work his family
\\'>u!d b*" 1 killed and his rase at
tended to latfr. Cm the strength
of this. it. is claimed, he Wt the
country-
A fireman named Hudson, on
the Standard,- claims that three
masked men warned him to
leave, and that they threw a note
to the engineer*. Engineer Shan
non quit, and it /was said he had
been warned, but that is false.
Shannon, ft, seems, was angry
because his son had been ar
rested for persistent' agitation.
A man was arrested here to-day
for approaching a juror.
The word "Knecbone" is from
the name of a blacksmith who
was killed at Gem some years
ago in a peculiarly atrocious
way.
CHICAGO, July 9.— The Inter-Ocean
this morning prints this special
from Burke, Idaho; I'nder the ;
very eye of armed troopers and j
deputies union strikers last night
recommenced the reign of terror which
Is symbolized by murder ami "Knee- J
boning." Masked and armed, little ;
crowds of desperadoes moved up the I
canyon, and in their wake left grim
warnings that their victims must either i
quit work or suffer the consequences.
The Standard, which is being success- !
fully operated by a crew of Mlssouri
ans. was the s«ene of most of the
crimes. Between 1 and 2 o'clock thts
morning three masked union men crept
in past the line of sentinels and made
their way to the boiler house. Fireman
I:. I-. Hudson, one of th^ .Topiin miners,
was on duty alone. As he turned from j
the glare of the furnace lie was con- i
fronted in the doorway by the three
men with drawn revolvers. Each was
masked in hla«~k calico, which reached
from the forehead to the chin. Two
Ivies for eyes permitted each of th*€
thugs to see. Hudson, who is not a
timorous soul, supposed at first the
visitors were some of his fellow miners
out for a lark.
"Hello," said he. For reply one of
the gang stepped forward and pressed
a piece of crumpled paper into his
hands. There written in lead pencil on
common note paper was this message:
"You are hereby notified to leave th^
Coeur d'Alene district by noon to-mor
row er BUCer the consequences.-
Hudson understood, but with calm
self-possession remained at ease.
"I'll get out of here when I get good
and ready." he replied, with a slight
.smile. "And T"H let you know when I
do."
"You have got till just to-morrow to
get out," replied the leader with a
flourish of his gun.
Hudson was not disconcerted. "What
siz* gun is that?" he asked with placid
curiosity.
"It's a 41."
"Oh. pshaw, you can't s<--are m* with
a 4J," a-nswered the young fellow. "If
that had been 44 maybe I would have
quit."
Meanwhile the smallest of the three
men had gone over to th«* compressor-
house, a short distance away, where
Kngineer Wayne was at work. Through
the open window he tossed a note simi
lar to the one given Hudson, and then
returned to his comrades on guard
over the fireman. A moment later the
three disappeared in the darkness as
suddenly as th^y had come A little
later in came Wayne, the engineer,
white and anxious. He had been in the
(,'oeur d'Alenes in the old union days
and had little, liking for such warnings.
"I'm going to quit," said the engineer
to the young Missourian, and he did
this morning.
Meanwhile the gang had met Ellis
Hale just below Burke, and, after steal
ing his tools, had warned him to leave
on fear of being "kneeboned."
Hale needed no second invitation, but
took the train for Montana this morn-
Ing. He was one of the best mechanics
up the canyon, and was formerly em
TORTURE OF DREYFUS
BY INHUMAN JAILERS
MAJOR CARRIFRE.
Government # Prosecutor at the New Dreyfus Court Martial.
SAN JOSE KISSING BUG
IS HARMLESS.
Professor Woodward Says the In
sect Is the Common Prionus
Californicus.
BERKEI/RY. July R.— T have examined the specimen submitted by
The Call as the "San Jose kissing bug" and find it, as I had
concluded from the drawing published this morning, the Prionus
Callfornicus, which qccurs abundantly in the region between San
Jose and Monterey, and is also fairly common in .it her parts of the State.
Th* 3 Insect is one of the most harmless creatures in existence and cannot
have been accountable for the death of the kirten as reported.
ThP so-called "kissing bug" is well known to scientists and Is not,
as might be inferred from the name just now ci.yen it, partial to the lips
of its victims. It will sting whenever handled incautiously. "The fly
that is causing the commotion in the East is one of the Reduvioidea, ap
parently the Melanolestes picipes. We have several of the Reduvidiae in
California, all more or less poisonous. I get letters every littte while
from some one who has been bitten and thinks he has discovered a new
.species, one of them, Conorhinus Sanguisugus, the assassin bug, or,
more specifically, - the big bedbug, is common o n the Berkeley hills. You
can find them under any large stone. The bite is about as painful as a
b%e-sting. Of course it might, under favorable circumstances, produce
blood-poisoning. The more poisonous Melanolestes occurs here also, but
not so commonly as some of the other varieties. . •
C. W. WOODWORTH.
ployed at Gem. Charles Sweeney of
the Tiger-Poorman had offered him a
place over th° pumps there, and late
last night Hale, with a little kit of
tools, started for Rurke from Gem.
He was just on the borders of the town
when a gang of twenty or twenty-five
men surrounded him. What happened
may never be known.
The story believed here is that they
threatened Hale that unless he quit his
new job his family would first be killed
and hp would be "knee-boned" after
ward. This is denied, and one man who
saw him afterward is quoted as saying
that the crowd ras made up of friends
of Hale, who took that remarkable
time and place to argue peaceably with
him. At. any rat.--, "friends" stole his
tools and forcibly warned him to get
out. This morning he got.
The same crowd which called on
Hudson and Wayne evidently made
several other visits. About midnight
one of them, unmasked this time,
awakened Master .Mechanic Farrell of
the Standard and notified' him to leave
the country at once. Shannon, the day
engineer, was similarly • treated, and
notice was likewise, given to a sawmill
hand. In each case the thug was rec
ognized, and search is now being made
for him. I
Engineer Shannon saw the mill hand
quit to-day. Farrell and Hudson, not
tobeintimidated.stayed by the company
and the fireman has been promoted to
day engineer. Although no fear is felt
that the warnings were anything but
bluffs, yet it is a matter of surprise that
masked men should have passed the
guards of soldiers and watchmen who
surrounded the engineer and fireman
on duty. To-night up the canyon un
usual precautions are being taken to
prevent a recurrence of such mischief.
JURORS SELECTED TO
TRY PAUL CORCORAN
One Incident of the Prosecution the
Appearance of a Former Grand
Juror as a Bailiff.
WALLACE, Idaho, July S.-The twelve
m p n who are to try Paul Corcoran, the
secretary of the Burke Minors' I'nion,
for his life were accepted by both tho
State and defendant to-day. Corcoran is
accused of tbc muider of James Cheyne
at Wardner April 28. The jury was sworn,
and after hearing the indictment read
was placed in charge of court bailiff- to
be locked up until Monday morning, when
the prosecution will begin its case.
The jurors are nearly all farmers from
the southern end of the county and soem
to know little of the troubles which have
agitated the Coeur d'Alenes for sony»
years past.
An incidont occurred when the jury was
plncod In the custody of the bailiffs which
caused much onrnment and is one of the
many occurrences testifying to the un
seemly zeal which, has characterized the
prosecution throughout. When the court
called upon the bailiffs to stand up and
bo sworn one of them was recognized as
having been a member of the Grand Jury
which found the indictment against thf>
defendant. The attorneys for Corcoran
informed the court of the fact and an
other bailiff was produced.
Tt has boon rumored for some time that
oortMin members of the Grand Jury ware
to be rewarded for thoir obedience to the
wishes of the combination which is be
hind the prosecution by being given lucra
tive employment, but it was not believed
that such utter disregard of all decency
would be shown.
Si!T"P the new order requiring 1 carpenters
and laborers of all classes to secure per
mits the mines have been having a hard
time of it. Tho Last Chance is doing
nothing: and the Canyon Creek properties
are very short-handed, the imported Mis
sourlans being: practically the only miners
remaining at work.
The following are the names of the
jurors sworn to try Corcoran, together
with their occupations: J. C. Buler, farm
er, Orofino; Warren Harrison, farmer,
Groftno; M. V. Carr, farmer, Frasee; Link
Smith, timberman, Kingston; Patrick
j Keane, farmer, Wcippo; J. S. Harrison,
farmer, Weippo; Job Snyder, farmer,
Weippo: Waller Stile*, miner. Pierce City;
Daniel Carr. farmer. Weippo; Enoch Har
rison, farmer. Wcippo: Dell Fisk, farmer,
Orofino; W. Thomas, timberman, Kings
ton. .
. FALLS INTO a UxiLL.
Pleasant Valley Young Woman Nar-
rowly Escapes Drowning.
WOODLAND, July B.— From a private
letter it is learned that Miss Belle Pear
son, adopted daughter of Mrs. H. Orem
inger, narrowly escaped death by drown
ing-in Pleasant Valley. El Dorado County,
on June 30. The family resided in Wood
land for many years. While Miss Pearson
was drinking from a bucket which was
raised and lowered in the well by means
of a rope the planking which covered the
curbing gave way, and she fell eighteen
feet to the water, which was twelve fe^t
deep. She sank twice before she finally
clutched a projecting stone, which en
abled her to keen her head above water.
Lusty screams for help brought her
mother to the rescue. An eight-foot lad
dor was lowered, and by standing on tho
top rung Miss Pearson was able to keep
her head above water until her mother
ran to a mine a half mile away and sum
moned help. Shortly after the rescue was
effected the entire plank platform over
the curbing fell In with a crash.
Wilmington Sails Southward.
SpecUl Cable t.-> The Pall atvi the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1«99, by James Gor
don Bennett.
RIO JANEIRO. July B.— The Wilming
ton has leu this port, going southward.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
IMMURED IN
THE HOLD OF
AN IRON SHIP
In a Temperature of 40
Degrees Centigrade for
Four Days.
HIS AGONY_ AWFUL
When His Innocence Began to
Appear His Captivity Was
Made Harder.
Special Cable to The Tall and the New Fork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, July B.— Louis Ha
vel, member of the Insti
tute, who accompanied
Mine. Dreyfus to Rennes, sends
Figaro the following account of
the treatment to which Dreyfus
was subjected on the Isle dv Dia
ble. It runs as follows:
"On the arrival of Dreyfus at
Guiana, in 1895, he was not dis
i embarked at once, but was left
! in the bottom of the iron vessel's
! hold, with the temperature of 40
j degrees centigrade (113 Fahren
; heit) for four day?
"About the end of his impris
onment he was placed for months
on bread and water.
"In 1896, when Colonel Pic
quart warned General Billot that
Dreyfus was innocent, the hut in
which he lived was surrounded
by a palisade so that he could
no longer see the ocean. This
lasted for one year. The prisoner
I had attacks of suffocation and
: the doctor insisted that some
thing be done, therefore they
raised the height of the hut.
"Dreyfus was literally suffocat
ing in this artificial cellar. He
had violent attacks of fever and
then was put in irons for two
months."
THE ARCHBISHOP OF
MEXICO IN DISGRACE
Summoned to Rome to Answer
to Charges Preferred in the
Secular Press.
Special Cable tn The Call and the N>w York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ROME. July B.— At the beginning of
this year some stir was caused at the
Vatican by the discovery, made acci
dentally through the perusal of Mexi
can newspapers of widespread ani
mosity to the church in the republic,
due chiefly to alleged corruption of the
clergy.
Cardinal Rampolla began a searching
investigation. He has ordered all
Mexican Bishops to report fully, and
last month summoned the Archbishop
of Mexico to Rome.
The Archbishop insisted the newspa
per reports were malevolent inventions
of the anti-clerical press, but had to
admit grave scandals had occurred in
several provinces owing: to the methods
resorted to by the clergy of all ranks
to increase its income.
The Archbishop is now in disgrace,
for it is evident he has shown gross in
capacity. It is not improbable that he
will be removed.
BJORNSONS RETORT.
Norwegian Novelist's Curt Refusal
to Attend a Banquet.
Special Cable to Th<» Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CHRISTIANIA, July B.— The recent
CongTess of Journalists here invited
Bjornsterne Bjornson. the famous
novelist, to the chief function: His re
ply, which is said to have delighted Ib
sen, was:
•*lt is not my habit to go 200 kilo
meters for dinner, especially when I
should have to take it in company with
persons who annoy me during the en
tire year."
Bjornson has " been a target for a
great deal of abuse owing to his ex
tremely radical attitude in politics.
No Reason to Fear Invasion.
Special <"able to Tli» fall and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS??; by James Gor
don Bennett.
BT'ENOS AYRES. July S.— The Pr?n?a
criticizes the alleged negotiations looking
to an alliance between Argentina. Chile,
Brazil and Uruguay. It says there is no
reason to-fear invasion.
I'nited States Minister Buchanan has
decided to postpone his journey until
Tuesday next.
Filipinos Saved From Drowning.
NEW YORK, July B.— Two natives of
the Philippines were saveu from
drowning in the sound to-day. Maximo
and Gome-, of the tribe stationed at
Glen Island, started out in their native
canoe. A sailboat ran into the tiny
craft and it capsized. Policemen Casey
and Washburn secured a rowboat and
reached the drowninr men just in time
to save their lives.2
LION MATCHED TO
FIGHT FIERCE BULL
Brutal Combat Billed as a feat
ure of the fiesta to Be H e 'd
in a prench flrena.
PARIS, July B.— One is not much astonished at the Increase of bull
Bghi -hem Franco, where 'Latin blood retains some of its for
mer passion for gladiatorial shows, but as far north as Havre the sport
is followed with Just as much sanguinary attention as In Nlmes, Aries
or. Marseilles. • .
Even the worst feature's of bull fighting; are now beginning to be
imported, if the programme of the gratid fiesta de toros in the arena
at Roubaix, on July 14. is to be carried out. Roubaix is a manufactur
town just northeast of Lille. On the 14th, when all French
republicans rejoice over the taking of the Bastile. just as Americans
rate the Fourth, an attempt is to he mad'--, according to the pros
whethec the lion is really the king of beasts. Us it is
• puted to l'e. The enterprising manager of the arena at
vhich is probably one of the most Imposing in France, has*
arranged for a tween what he calls a magnificent African lion
and one of th< bulls from th< belebrai :d fighting breed of the Duque a*
ericans will remember the Duke, who is a lineal descend
■ lumbus, and visited America during the Columbian celebra
tion, fi
SERVICES AT THE
NEWMAN COTTAGE
« —
Public Funeral of Late
Bishop Also He.d.
• ■ i
Social Dispatch to The Call. .
SARATOGA, N. V . July The obse-.
quits of Bishop John P. Newman of the |
Methodist Episcopal church took place to- ;
day and the remains were conveyed to I
Mechanicsville; Saratoga County, for in- j
terment. Services were held at the .New
man cottage this forenoon and were con- j
ducted by Rev. Dr. W. H. Henry of the j
Central x, v. York Conference and Rev. ;
Dr Bostwick [awley of Saratoga. The i
remains lay in state at midday at the;
First M. E. Church, where at 3 o clock ;
this afternoon the public funeral took
place. The funeral address was delivered !
by Bishop E. G. Andrews of New xor.k j
City. . . „
Eulogistic remarks were made ny Rev.
Dr J 11. Brown presiding elder of the
Saratoga district: Rev. Dr. C. W. Millard. i
New York City; Bishop Daniel A. Good-!
sell of Chattanooga; Rev. Dr. Henry A. j.
p.utts of the Drew Theological Seminary. \
Madison, N. J. ; Roy. Dr. Thomas A. |
Griffin; presiding elder of the Troy dis- :
trict; Rev. Dr. J. H. i "oleman, presiding
older of the Saratoga district; Rev. Dr. ,
Philip German of Kingston and Rev. Dr.
Bostwick Hawley ox Saratoga.
FIGHT OF THE FACTIONS.
Lively Rumpus at an Ohio Demo
cratic County Convention.
CLEVELAND, July B.— The Demo
cratic County Conv< i tion, which devel
oped into a contest between the Mc-
Lean and anti-McLean factions of the
part;.", was •■'. riot< us ass -mblage. There
ns <>i fist c 3, and late
this afternoon half a hundred delegates
httng with chairs. Fortunate
ly nobody was seriously hurt and no
ts were made. To-night the "kid"
or anti-McLean faction, who were in
the majority, left the hall, taking an
adjournment until Monday. Afterward
the McLean faction elected a chairman
roce d< d to the selection of a list
of delegates to the State convention.
SAMOAN CLAIMS FILED.
Damages Demanded for the Bombard-
ment of Villages.
WASHINGTON, July B.— The first batch
of claims against the United States GoV
. magi s sustained
by residents ol E rough the bnm
ient by the combined British and
is been received
They agi:i
eferred by foreign res)
!1 nationalities and by a few
na tl vi
JEFFRIES MAKES A MATCH.
Will Attempt to Knock Out "Jim"'
Jeffords in Four Rounds.
STOCKTON, July — A special to the
Independent from San Francisco to
night announced that Champion Jef
fries would give "Jim" Jeffords of So
riora $.'.OO if he failed to put him out in
four rounds, the meeting to take place
in Stockton next Saturday night. Jef
fords immediately announced., his wil
llngnesa to accept the defi and de
clared that it was like finding money.
Review of English Volunteers.
LONDON, July B.— The centenary re
view ection of the Metropolitan
c organized In Hyde
1 ■ ■ '. • [II to oppose the appre
hended invasion of England by the troops
of Napoleon, occurred -on t h< ■ Horse
■ its afternoon. About 30,
--ndon Voluntw rs took part in the re
rtew. A iaru<- number Oi -Americans paid
favorabte spots from
which to view trade.
■♦-
Dismissed From the Navy.
WASHINGTON, July B.— Paymaster W.
p. w ■ ■ y has been tried by
court-martial at th' League Island Navy
• clrunkr-nn^ps nn duty
H::d sentenced to be dismissed from the
■ . The President has mitigated the
Bentence to a reduction to the foot of the
list of paymasters and a loss of one-half
pay for one year.
Liberia Wants Protection.
WASHINGTON, July s.-_ Rishnp Grant
r th« African Methodist Episcopal church
Coffee
If it's
Good Coffee
you want —
Try
Great American Importing Tea Co's
Have 100 SU>re9 —
That's Why
Quality so Good
Prices so Reasonable
; .STORES:
E6l Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
1-40 Sixth St. - 705 Larkin St
2510 Mission St. 1419 Polk St. "
3006 Sixteenth St. IHI9 Dcvisadero St.
1/M Ninth St. * 521 Montgomery ay.
355 Hayes St. 218 Thirds*.
2732 24th St- 3285 Mission St.
2008 Fillraore St. 506 Kearny St.
■ 52 Market Street Headquarters.
: OAKLAND STORES:
Ios3WashiagtonSt. 1 185 23d Avc.
123 7 Broadway. 616 E. Twelfth St.
• 1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEUA— I3SS Park St. . •
SAN HAFAlil.— Li St.. near Fourth.
and Rev. M. M. Moore saw the President
to-day with reference t" affairs In Libe
ria. They art' both very anxious that the
ruitcii States should assurae a prot :ct
orate over the black republic. Germany,
England and France, they say, arc anx
ious to gobble up the republic, but the in
-1 :nts of Liberia ha.ye a strong sym-
I athy with the United States.
To Astoria on Transports.
WASHINGTON. July B.— Secretary Alger
issued an order to-day directing General
Shafter t<> send the Second Oregon '•
ment from San Francisco to Astoria, <>r.,
on the transports Ohio and Newport. At
Astoria they will be transferred to river
steamers chartered by the Quartermas
ter's Department and be taken to Van
couver to I- mustered out.
Called to an Alameda Pulpit.
SEATTLE, July B.— Rev. Thomas Bald
win, pastor of the Market-street Church.
ted a call from the Baptist
Church of Alameda •
Gage Crosses San Diego Bay.
sax DIEGO, July B.— Governor Oace
arrived ibis afternoon and Immediately
crossed the bay and went to the Hotel
•'•• ■ i "ronado. '
IMPERIAL BODYGUARD.
An Institution That Died With the
Second French Empire.
The Ceni Gardes foundered with the'
second empire In IKTO. The "corps dat
ed from the tima of the Crimean war.
when a visit from Queen Victoria was
expected. The tallest and finest look
ing men and officers were se
lected from the cavalry. There
were 137 of th^ former and
• leven <>f the latter, but the num
f the men was Increased to 2'"> v
Their function was purely decorative,
and th"y chiefly served within the pal-
Mr.'. What swells the officers wore in j
their Bky-blue uniform bedight with:
golden lace! The corps had regulations
of their own. They were on no account,
when on duty, to stir unless to salute
the Kin!' 1 ror or Empress, ami only then
when specially ordered. The worst
brea< h of discipline would have been to !
forget they were to be motionless as
caryatides
One day Marshal Castellane, a vain
old peppery personage, had occasion to
set : 'i ■ Emperor soon after the creation
of the Cent Gardes. Two of them kept
guard beside the door opening from the j
anteroom <m th<- presence chamber. I
They remained in the regulation atti
tude — that is to say. with the right
arm horizontally stretched out and ■
holding a musket by the bayonet. The
butt end rested on the ground. The
Marshal was in uniform. Furious at I
not being saluted, he asked the qne
nearest to him what it meant. The
Cent Garde seemed neither to see nor
to hear. Castellane lost self restraint ]
and abused him. Still the soldier re
mained Impassive. The irate marshal |
Bent for Colonel Verly to complain, j
The colonel failed to make him under- j
stand that approval and not chastise
ment was due. Thus the matter was
brought before the Emperor, who pave
the coin pi a i riant a sharp rap on the
knuckles by expressing his pleasure at
the Spartan attttude of a household
guard \vho-,was bound to Ignore every i
rank but the imp-rial. — London Truth. !
. • — ♦ » —
LtTCKY SHIRTS
That Indicated the Secret of His
Stock Gambling System.
One of the must daring and successful
men in Wall street, yrho is about to visit
Europe on the profits of his latesi coup in
traction stocks, has a system of his own.
'Watch my shirt, young man," he said,
i your eye <>n color and general de
siK'i. It may steer you against a good
or keep you off the Wall-street
manacles.
When you see me wearing a pink shirt
cross-barred, go short. Sure to be a
slump never fails. Hut if I come ilnwn
town sporting my trusty mascot— blue
ground with white polka dots— crowd all
your speculative st»-am on and buy for a
rise. These shirts are the barometers of
my speculative career.- I wouldn't take
for that polka dot shirt if there were
none other like it. I nev»-r have it laun- I
<it-r<(l except by my old negro nurse, and
she is locked in the room while she does
It up.
"Now you know the secret of my system
of stock gambling. Watch my shirt and
you'll get rich without work, And re
member, if I am seen with a plain white
or boiled shirt, keep out of the market.
That's a storm signal." — New York
World.
A Friend of the Sparrows.
A philanthropic old lady who lives on
a small street below Morris for several
V' ars past has fed daily a large number
of sparrows in the front entry of her
house. A great many of the little birds
hover about the house of their friend
and perch fearlessly on tho steps and
window sills. The children and the
neighbors, strange to say, have the ut
most ivsuf (.'t for the birds and take
great care nevW to interfere with them.
The old lady pays for the regular re
moval of her ashes and garbage. When
ever the ashman comes the sparrows
are generally perched about nn the
ledge of the ash barrel, and the man
will not go near them until the old lady
comes to the door and calls them all in
side.
Recently an intruder in the shape of
a white owl came to the door, and these
was great excitement among the chil
dren of "the neighborhood. They would
not touch it because they thought it
was a new pet, but when the old lady's
attention was called to the owl she gave
the children icecream money to capture
it and take it away from the vicinity,
bo th;.t her sparrows would not be dis
turb-m], — Philadelphia Record.
Suddermann's Great Play.
K. H. Suddermann's great play on John
the Baptist is given in the spring number
of Poet-Lore. 1 ; A foreign correspondent in
the Literary World says: "Although a
remarkable production in every- sense, it
is very little known out of Germany. ' It
has been published but little over a year
and my edition is already the twentieth'
At first the censor refused to allow it to
be acted; but, since the Emperor has pro
nounced it a work of great spiritual
worth ie- has been staged and will soon
doubtless be acted in every town in the
German empire. So it seems that some
times an .omniscient and omnipotent Em
peror is of use., The pJay is ■very-dramatic
as well as a fine work of art."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
EXONERATED BY
DUNG VICTIM
Officer Rice Fired in
Self-Defense.
DONNELLY'S LAST WORDS
HIS ANTE-MORTEM STATEMENT
BEAD IN COUKT.
Fresno Policeman Is Discharged, but
at Once Bearrested at the Ill
stance of the District
Attorney.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
FRESNO, July B.— Policeman Tony
Rice, who shot and killed Daniel Don
nelly in the tenderloin two weeks ago,
had his preliminary examination before
Rec irder Cosgrove to-day and was dis
charged, the court holding that the
homicide was justifiable, and that the
officer performed hie duty in killing
Donnelly. Some of the testimony was
highly sensational, especially the ante
mortem statement of Donnelly. Dis
trict Attorney Everts tried to make it
appear that Donnelly was killed by
"Jack" Brooks, and that Officer Rice
merely an accessory. A number of
witnesses were produced who swore
they saw Brooks tire the fatal shot.
The statement of Donnelly, taken on
the morning after the shooting, was
suppressed by the District Attorney
until the defense compehtd him to pro
duce it in court this morning. When it
was read it created a sensation. Don
nelly completely vindicated Rice, de
claring that he shot at the officer while
the latter was attempting to place him
under arrest. According to his state
ment. Rice returned the fire and
wounded him.
Upon heaiing this statement read the
court immediately ordered Rice dis
charged.
Charles Ardell, who had been ar
rested for complicity in the alleged
murder, was likewise exonerated. The
charge against Brooks was reduced
from murder to assault with a deadly
weapon and he was released on $3000
bail.
Late this evening District Attorney
Everts went before Justice St. John and
procured warrants for the rearrest of
Rice, 1 -trunks and Ardell on charges of
murder. Rire and Brooks are now in
jail, but Ardell has not yet been ar
rested.
The action of the District Attorney
in attempting to .suppress the state
ment of Donnelly has been openly de
nounced as an effort to "railroad" Rice
to the penitentiary. He. on the other
hand, contends that the dying man
either prevaricated or did not know
who shot him, or where he received the
fatal wound. He says he will fight the
case to the bitter end and prove Rice a
murderer.
Friends of Rice declare thf> prosecu
tion is really a political fight between
the Republican Board of City Trustees
and the Democratic City Marshal, John
1). Morgan. Rice is a bitter enemy of
Morgan, and the Marshal was instru
i mental in having him arrested. Everts
supports Morgan; The Trustees, on
the other hand, have unanimously en
dorsed Rice by refusing to discharge
him. They declare the Marshal is try
ing: to pet rid of the young policeman
■ in order to make room for one of his
political favorites.
EYELASHES J^EN WED BY : :
IR^SfL/^NiiNq HAIj?
Transplanted eyelashes and eyebrows
are the latest things in the way of
personal adornment. Only the brave
and rich can patronize the new method
at present, for besides being painful anil
costly, it takes a long time to accom
plish it.
There is only one person in New York
who makes a specialty of the process,
but in Paris and London, where the
idea originated, there are specialists
who make a handsome living out of the
process, of transplanting hair from the
head to the eyebrows or eyelashes. The
specialist works by putting in, not on,
the new eyelashes and brows wherever
they are absent or grow thin, and so
cunning is he in his work that not even
the closest crutiny can detect any
difference.
By means of the new process, it is
said, eyeS which are at ordinary times
only pa?sable become languishing in
their expression, while eyes which were
previously considered fine have their
beauty much enhanced.
This is the way new eyelashes are
put in: An ordinary fine needle is
threaded with a long hair, generally
taken from the head of the person to
be operated upon. The lower border of
the eyelid is then thoroughly cleaned,
and in order that the process may be
as painless as possible rubbed with a
solution of cocaine. The operator then
by a few skillful touches runs his
needle through the extreme edges of
the eyelid between the epidermis and
the lower border of. the cartilage of the
tragus. The needle* passes' in and out
along the edge of the lid, leaving its
hair thread in loops of carefully gradu
ated length.
When this has been done another
and another length of hair is sewed
through the lid until finally there are a
dpzen or more loops projecting. By this
time the effect of the cocaine has been
lost and the operator is obliged to desist
and put off the further "sewing of hair"
for another sitting.
The next step in the process is cutting
off and trimming the ends of the loops,
and the result is a fine, thick, long set
of eyelashes. It is the finishing touch
that is to come that makes them look
like nature's own. When they are
first cut thtv stick out in the most
singular fashion, giving the person
operated upon the most uncanny look.
The operator's next step is to take
curling tongs, made of silver and no
larger than knitting needles, and to
give them the curve which is essential
to perfect beauty. Then the eyes are
carefully bandaged and kept so until
the following day.
Most of the hairs that have been
transplanted take root and grow, but
a few of them fall out and have to be
attended to. For the first month it is
necessary to curl the new eyelashes
every day, but after that they become
properly assimilated, and it is not
necessary to give them any further at
tention.
Eyebrows are doctored In the same
way, but there is not so much pain
associated with the process as in trans
planting eyelashes.
Regarding Red-Headed People.
Red-headed people, as is well known,
are less subject to baldness than others.
A Ivondon doctor explains the matter
thus: The' hair of the red-headed is rela
tively thick, one red hair being almost
as thick as five fair or three brown hairs.
With 30.1HM1 red hairs the scalp is well
thatched, whereas with the same number
of fair hairs one is comparatively bald.
It takes 160.000 fair and 105.000 brown hairs
to cover adequately an ordinary head.
The Cheerful Novel.
In a recent article in the Independent
Margaret Deland makes a strong plea fnr
the cheerful novel. "For my part." she
says, "I find as I grow older I want the
novels I read to end well. A story, let us
s;iy, of Siberian convict life might be told
ROOSEVELT A GUEST
OF THE PRESIDENT
Consults Mcr\ir)ley as to flrmy
Comn)issions arjd Approves
the Philippine Policy.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, July B.— Under the roof of the White House as the guest of Presi
dent McKinley, Governor Roosevelt of New York reiterated to-night his
confidence in the re-election of his host, gave warm approval to the
administration's conduct of the Philippine campaign and its policy with
respect to volunteer appointments, and scored the anti-imperialists for
giving aid and comfort to the enemy.
Governor Roosevelt's trip to Washington was made by direct invita
tion of the President to discuss with the chief executive the question of
the distribution of commissions among the men of his command during
the Spanish war and the volunteers of the National Guard of New York.
It had nothing to do with the war portfolio. It is stated authorita
tively that the President has not even thought of tendering this office
to Mr. Roosevelt, and if he did it would certainly be declined. Governor
Roosevelt will stop in the executive manßion to-night, and will return to
New York to-morrow, to consult with his adjutant general relative to
the recommendations to be made from the State guard.
: 'I do not need to consult with any one," he remarked, "to make rec
ommendations from the regiment I commanded during the Spanish war.
I know my men."
If the Governor's trip is of political significance he will not admit
it. There is no doubt that he and the President discussed politics, and
there is no doubt that the Governor, as he said in New York, will sup-
port the President for re-election: When I asked him if he would make
any statement with reference to the President's candidacy for re-elec
tion, he said he had expressed his views in New York and there was cer
tainly no need of repeating his words. ,
with truth so far as facts go and with art
in Its tolling, and yet leave the reader
miserable and unhappy. See clear, think
straight, understand facts as they lie,
good and bad. in the wide sotting of eter
nity; but believe! believe! believe. Believe
in the integrity of the moral purpose of
the universe; believe in God and in little
children; believe in the goodness of the
world!"
Sailor Hat Trimmings.
Whateyer else may be said of the new
; sailor hats, they cannot be accused of
; meagerness of variety in the arrangement
; <>f the sashes and quills that seem to be
j the only trimmings allowed for them.
Probably the simplest arrangement is
! the three inch wide Roman sash banded
■ around the hat and tied in a neat bow
on the left side. A little more ample than
this 1* a wide sash, folded around the hat,
piled up high at the side and finished off
! with quills. The latter may be either
straight and stiff or soft and curled.
A still more elaborate trimming is that
in which two sashefl are used. One of
heavy silk go< s on iirst, and th.-n above it
is twisted one of mull or chiffon. The
latter is sometimes made, by graceful
loopings, to form a cascade effect at the
j back of the hat.
Decided contrasts of color are to be
found In most of the- hats. For instance,
i if the hat and sash are white, then the
i two port quiUs, just starting up from the
I s"ft white mass, are Jet black. No flow
i ers are seen on the sailor hat.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John D. and Eliza S. Tallant to J. W.
Smith, lot on NJS corner of Greenwich and
Polk streets, X 121:10% by N* 137:6; %'.».
Louis P. Drexler to EJise a. Drexler (wife
of Louis), lot on W line of Van Ness avenue,
60:3 N of California street, \V 153:4, X 93:3, E
14:4, N 102:8!4, E 41, S 102:SU, E 100, S 93:3; $10.
Charles G. Welling: to Mary J. Church, lot
on N line of Chestnut street. 103:9 \V of Van
Ness avenue, W 137:6 by is T 275; $«0«J.
Richard Mooney to John D. Spreckels, lot
on S line ..of Broadway, 137:6 \\ of Octavla
street, W 137:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Henry Klszler to Julia, and Charles' Ludln,
lot on 8 line of Waller street, 172:6 E Of Web
ster, E. 25 by S 137:6; gift. .
Margaret Simpson to Charles Ehu, lot on N
line of McAllister street, 75 E of Lyon, E 25
by X 100; Jl". . ■ ■
Isaac Anderson to C. E. 'L. Hlldebrecht, lot
on E line of .Pierce street, 141 S of Waller, S
25 by E '.'1:'!. lot 10, block 2, Marion Tract (hos
pital lot); 110. .
James J. Dowllng to Laurence J. Dwyer, un
divided '■■ of following: Lot on SE line of Kls
litit,' street, :'14.:' 7 ,j S\V of Eleventh. BW 21:9 3-16,
SE SO, NE 20:7 9-16, N\V" 80; also lots 1 to 14,
block 3, Tract A, People's Homestead Asso
ciation; $10.
Rebecca V. McFeely to Jonas Callanan, lot
on SW corner Of Twenty-second and Florida
Htreets, "W 50 by S 104; 110.
Morrla Metzeer to Edlna Latronel (Dhue),
lot "ii W line of Church street, 30 N of Duncan,
X 2~> l.y W 80, quitclaim deed: $ .
Henry Klszler to Annie Kiszler, lot on W line
of Stockton street. 116:10^ N of Jackson, X
20:7% hy W 53:6; gift.
Fanny and Louifl Rosenberg to Ella A. Jud-
Bon, lot on NE corner of O'Farrell and Leaven
worth Btreets, X 4i by N 80; $10.
Lizzie Hancock to Frank Parsons, lot on NW
line of Jessie street, 223 NE of Fifth, NE 25
by N\V 75; $4/X».
Edward Ma.ley to Charles A. Warren, lot on
NW corner of Vermont and Humboldt streets,
\V 2"> by N 100; also lot on W line of Conneeti
etli strtet, CO S of Army (Colusaj, S'su by W
100; also lot on SW corner of Lombard and
I 'oik streets, S 2:> by W 114; also lot on NE
line of Third street, 25 SE of Perry, SE 2"> by
NE 77:«; also lot on S line of Twenty-third
street. 200 \V of Mission. S 100, W 153, NE to
point E 104; *10.
Willard V. and Marie L. Huntingdon to Re
becca Jenntnjrn, lot on X line of C street. 82:6
E Of Tenth avenue, E 20 by X 100; $1".
Sunny side Land Company and California
Tttle Insurance and Trust Company to Giam
batista and Qabriela Tachela, lots 2, 3. 6, 7,
10, 11, 14, 15, IS and 19, block 15, Sunnyside; $1".
Alameda County.
Homer A. and Dora A. Craig and John P.
and Edna F. Beckett to J. Josephine Shoo (wife
of J. ;J.). lot on S\V corner of Thirty-fifth and
Grove streets, S 4.". by W ll«. being portion lot
14. Mock D. map of property of Central Land
Company, Oakland: $10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to John > "W.
McKenzie, lot on-N line of Thirty-sixth or. Lo
gan street, 108.71 W of West, W 26.12, N 140,
E 26, S 142.49 to beginning, being portion of
lot 19, block H. Major Given Tract. Oakland;
$10.
G: H. Merrell to Ellen J. Baker, lot on X
line of Twenty-first street. 123:3 \V of Linden,
W 49:9, N 91:6, E 49:2, S 88:8 to beginning,
block 61?. Oakland; $600.
Fritz Larson to Emma O. Larson, lot on S
line ofMariposa street. 160.50 w of Grove, W
40, S 118. 93 X 40.02, N .119.76 to beginning, being
lot 20, block 5,' McKee Tract, Oakland; gift.
•Mary E. Dewing to Walter J. O'Neill, lot on
E line of Tenth street, 40 N of Villa avenue. E
100 by N 25, block 3, revised map of San Pablo
Avenue Villa Tract, Oakland; $10.
C. J. and Sarah M. Fox to Nellie S. Allen,
lots 27 and 2.8. block 1, on map of resuMivided
T. M. Antisell'a Map of Villa Lots, Berkeley;
also the N 20 feet of lot 17 and S 20 feet of lot
18 block 3. of San Pablo Avenue Villa Tract,
Oakland; $2000.
James T. and Mary A. Moron to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco (a corpo
ration sole), lot on SE corner of Addlson and
Eighth streets. E 60 by S 100, being lot 1 and
V half of lot 2, block 103. Allston Tract, Berke-
ley; $10.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to Anna Gilbert,
lot 20, block 30, of Smith's RUbdlvlsion of
Muthpws' Trnct. subject to mortgage to Fidel
ity Buildine and Loan Association for $200.
Berkeley: also lot 31, block P. Harmon Tract,
subject to mortgage to same association for
»20<i, Berkeley; $500.
Charles .T. and Annie Reuter to Phoebe Leach
(wife of Albert D.>, lot on S line of Farman
avenue, 200 E of Atherton street, E 120 by S
133 bflnE lot« IS. in and 17, block B, Macy
Tract, map 2. Brooklyn Township: $200.
Central Pacific Railroad Company to I>. T>.
Insk'-ep, T. B. Holmes. A. L. Whitney. E. B.
Shelmen and F. B. Cook (trustees Twenty
third Avenue Baptist Chun-h), l<n 2, block L,
Huntiiurton Tract, Brooklyn Township; $5.
Jessie E. and J'ery H. Auseon to t^aura B.
Reed lot on W line of Oakland avenue. SO N
of Orchard strr-ot. X ?') by W 132.5't. being lots
3 and 4, block E, amended map Moss Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry 7.. and Parah M. Jones to Charles T.
Carson lots 9, 10. 31 and 32, block 7, Allen
dale Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mary E. Ironside to A. H. Doig. lots 106,
107 and 10X, map of resubdlvislon lots 1 to 11
of Baker's subdivision lot 1, Yoakum Tract,
subject to mortgage for $3000, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to Emma. Levy
(wife of Jesse M.). lot on N line of San Jose
avenue, 140 E of Willow street, E 40 by X 150,
betas portion lots 3 and 4. block L, Pioneer
Ilomfstead Association Alameda; $10.
John and Lydia C. Peterson to Bernard Pe
terson lot on W line of Bay street, 75 S o"
Bagle avenue. S " by W 11-.:9 ! j, being lots
4, 3 and 6. block H, Taylor and Page Tract,
Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Jakob and Peter Schaefer downer) with A. F.
Hellmuth (contractor), architect none — All
work except painting for a 2-story cottage With
basement on lot on N line of Montcalm street,
75 W of Peralta avenue. N" 100 by W 25; $1300.
Longest Beard in the World.
Probably the longest beard In the world
is that of a metal worker In Marseilles.
The man is 74 yean old. When 14 years
of age he had a beard 6 inches long. It
grew from year to year, and now his
hirsute attachment when unrolled reaches
the respectable length of 10 feet 10 Inches.
When this man goes out walking he car
ries his beard rolled up In a big skein
under his arm. Since he is rather small
in size, measuring. but 5 feet 3 Inches, the
brard is more than twice the man's
height.
FEATS OF ARCHERY.
The Ancients Were Wonderful Mas-
ters of the Art.
Everybody has heard the story of Will
: iam Tell, who shot an apple from the
I head of his son with a bow and arrow,
; and of the wonderful feats of Robin Hood,
who roamed the green woods of "Merrie
England" and could bring down a wild
goose on the wing or split an opponent's
arrow with his own,
There are, many other curious feats of
archery, however, that are not so well
known. There was a famous William of
Cloudesley, who si>lit a hazel wand with
his Bha ft from a distance of 200 yards.
Homer tells how Penelope promised her
many suitors that ho only should be fa
vored
Who lirst Ulysses' wondrous bow should
bend
And through twelve ringlets the fleet ar
row S' ml.
Wen knowing that only her'husband could
display such power, in proof of which,
when they failed, he rewon his wife, for,
bending his elbow,
The whizzing arrow vanished from the
string,
Sung on direct and threaded every ring.
The Romans were very skillful bowmen,
although they discarded the weapon in
warfare, trusting to the charge and to
hand-to-hand fighting. Many of the Ro
man Emperors were famous archers, it
Is said that Domitian would place boys in
ih>- circus at a considerable distance from
him and as they held up their hands with
the fingers outspread he would send the
arrows between th.-m with such nicety
and accuracy of aim that tie never in
flicted a wound.
The wicked .Emperor Commodus boasted
that ho ne%er missed his aim or failed to
kill the wild beast he shot with a single
arrow. He would set a shaft in his bow
as Hume wild beast was set free in the
circus to devour a living criminal con
demned to die. Just when the furious
animal was springing on his prey the
Emperor would strike it dead at the man's
f« j < t. Sometimes 100 lions were let loose at
ciiioe, in order that he with 100 arrows
might kill them. With arrows, the heads
of which were semi-circular, he would
Beyer the necks of the ostriches in full
llijfht.
The Persian archers, according to Char
lian, practiced at a mark placed on top
of a mam twenty-six feet from the
ground. Toward this the horseman rode,
with bent bow, at full speed, and in pass
iiiK the mark turned and shot at it back
ward, sometimes to the right and some
timrs to the left, seldom missing. The
}'i rslan bow required a pull of 500 pounds.
It is said that the Turks were at one
time very skilled archers. An old writer
says that they practiced regularly with
the bow from the time they wer 7 or 8
years old to manhood. It was a common
feat for them to shoot several arrows
from a distance of ten yards Into :i mark
not larger than a die. In July. 1792. Mah
moud Effendi, secretary to the Turkish
Embassy at I^ondon, shot an arrow 415
yards partly against the wind. In 179K the
Sultan of Turkey shot an arrow 972 yards
— a feat scarcely surpassed by those at
tributed to Robin Hood. — Cincinnati Com
mercial Tribune.
ONE MAN
Whom the Saloonist's Sarcasm Failed
Utterly to Reach.
The proprietor of one nf Washington's
swagger saloons bpgan to notice a couple
of weeks ago the mighty onslaughts mado
at every noon hour upon the substantial
and rather inviting 1 free lunch spread out
in his place for patrons. The man would
stnill in just as the lunch was ready, buy
a glass of beer at the bar and permit it
to remain standing there, and then prance
into the lunch like a whaler just back
from a three-year imprisonment in i'olar
ice. He covered the whole layout, from
pickles to baked beans, and he regarded
other nibblers at the free lunch with some
austerity. When he got through the
lunch looked like the wind-up of a Roman
table orgy, and the proprietor of the place
waxed sarcastic when the chap walked
back to the bar for his beer on two or
three occasions.
"Say, you overlooked that coiled fish to
day," said the proprietor the flrat time.
'•You ought to be able to get away with
about half of that fish."
"No, 1 don't care much for fish," replied
the man, smiling. "Thanks, all the same."
The next day when the man had wound
up his attack upon the luncn and made it
look like the galley of a lumber schooner
after a bad trip around Hatteras, the pro
prietor said to him:
"You didn't see that other pretzel on the
dish, did you?"
"Why. did 1 leave one?" inquired the
man. "So I did. " and he walked back to
the table and got it."
The proprietor had a job put up on the
man last -Thursday noon. The free lunch
monopolist turned up, the hops of the sa
loon went up to him and invited him to sit
down at one of the tables.
"I've got a hot lunch to-day," he said.
"It'll be ready in a minute."
The man sat down, and then a waiter
came in from a neighboring restaurant,
bearing a "ray loaded down with the good
things of a dollar regular dinner, from
soup to nuts.
The man ate it slowly and with gusto,
th>> proprietor standing by to look on.
"Is that mock turtle right?" asked the
proprietor. "How's the roast lamb? Do
you like those apple fritters?" otc.
The man expressed his measurable sat
isfaction in reply to these questions, and
the proprietor was waiting for him to get
ashamed or mad and go out. When the
man had finished cracking the remainder
of the English walnuts, after expressing
his dissatisfaction over the comparative
smallness of the strawberry shortcake
that was on the tray for dessert, he wiped
his mouth carefully with his nankin, got
up and walked over to where the proprie
tor was standing.
"That's a pretty good lunch." he said,
"but they put out better'n that over at
Bal'mor'," and the Baltimore man walked
out.
"Sarcasm Is wasted on such ducks,"
said the proprietor, gloomingly. watching
th" Baltimorean's retreating form.—
Washington Post.
The Pope when a young man was very
shortslghted. but as he grew older the
range became longer. He usually wears
glasses for reading print, but the excel
lence of his sight is, perhaps, the most no
ticeable feature of his Holiness" striking
personality.
PRINCE HERBERT
TO GET A PUCE
Bismarck's Son May
Enter the Cabinet.
BIDS FOR RECONCILIATION
AND THE EMPEROR WILL AID
HIS AMBITIONS.
Various Positions Suggested, and It
Is Thought That tha Chan
cellorship Will Finally
Be Secured.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, July B.— The rumors regarding
Cabinet changes have brought Prince
Herbert Bismarck and his political future
| into discussion. It |fl believed he is now
; anxious to wipe out thr memory of the
| past ami put himself in the way of an
appointment to an important place. His
recent speech in the Reichstag praising
the Government ajul its foreign policy has
been .interpreted as a i>id tor a complete
reconciliation with the Emperor ami bis
i advisers. The papers generally easpeet
to see him in some high position in the
near future. It is understood that his
Majesty is favorably disposed toward the
Prince's ambitions, as he wants to oblit
erate in ttw German mind the remem
j brance of his estrangement with the Iron
I Chancellor and wants to associate the
name of Bismarck witli his reign.
The Agrarians, claiming Prince Bis
marck as one of their men, would wel
come his return to public life as a victory.
The Deiitsches Tages Zeitung thinks he
will return tn office only when convinced
that he can carry out his Ideas.
The papers nave not yet agreed as to
what office is to be given to Prince Bis
marck. Some <>f them give him one of the
highest diplomatic positions, where he can
train for the Chancellorship. Mis name is
! mentioned in connection wKn Washington,
I but others point out that there is no pros
| peet of that post being vacant in the near
i future, as Dr. yon Holleben has been
, highly successful. It is believed Prince
i Bismarck prefers London, where he has
1 many aristocratic friends, including Lord
Rosebery. Some regard his appointment
i to a high home office more likely.
The Yossische Zeitung does not believe
| the son of the great Chancellor would ac-
I cept anything at home less than the
Chancellorship, and the opinion is <X-
I pressed in some quarters that this will
1 be in his reach at no distant day.
The press comments on the war in the
i Philippines and the decision of President
McKihley to increase the force of Amer-.
lean troops there are not hopeful for
j American success. The difficulty of the
situation is regarded as confirmatory of
the views expressed before the rebellion.
The Vossisehe Zeitung makes merry
over what it calls General Otis' "Napo
leonic art of preparing bulletins," and
adds: "With negligence of the most ob
-1 vious facts' he has been reiterating for
■ months that the resistance of the Tagals
j was broken, their armies in complete uls
l solution and the end of the war in sight."
The Deutsche Tagos Zeitung prints a
letter from a German at Manila complain
ing of the Americans "destroying the best
part of trade and industry in the Philip
j pines and deceiving their countrymen at
home by sending false news."
j Congressman Richard Bartholdt of Mis
souri has arrived here. The papers print
his speech of July 1 at Leipsic, emphasiz
ing th^ statement that the recent meet
' ing of German-Americans: was not held
in the interest of Germany. The German
: citizens in the United States, he adds, are
i loyal Americans, but insist on the main
, tenance of the historical friendship be
tween their native and adopted countries,
1 both Governments having been given pos
' Hive- assurances of the cordial relations
| existing, which the people would sustain.
Divorce proceedings in the case of
• Count yon Moltke begin shortly and
; promise to be sensational, but part of the
trial will be in private.
The Rev. Dr. Dickie met with good suc
i cess on his recent visit to the United
; States in raising money to build an
American church in Berlin. The fund now
amounts to J4o.mii). Work on the church
begins in the fall.
The transfer of the Carolines and other
islands to Germany takes place In the fall.
A warship will l>e sent to the inlands to
take formal possession of them and hoist
the German flap. She will be iiecompa
' nied by a steamer having on board the
I administrative officials.
WILL MARK THE SPOT
OF A MIRACULOUS RESCUE
Queen Margaret Will Attend the Un
veiling of Her Statue to the
Virgin on the Alps.
ROME. July B.— Queen Margaret has
promised to climb Rocciam^lone, one of
the highest peaks of the Italian Alps, and
take part in tho unveiling there of the
statute to tho Virgin, of which she herself
is the sculptor. About two years ago a
company nf Alpine militia was marching
over Rocciamelone, when an avalanche
w;is encountered, and nearly all were
buried beneath the mass of snow. Assist
ance was quickly sent from the nearest
military post, and all the entombed men
rescued.
• The Queen was strangely moved by the
incident. She composed a thanksgiving
prayer to the Vlrigin, and resolved to
make a statue and erect it on the spot,
and have a verse of this prayer engraven
upon the pedestal.
REDUCTION IN WAGES.
Skilled Labor Suffers a Heavy Cut at
Mare Island.
VAIiLEJO. July. B.— The Naval Board of
Wages for the Mare Island Navy Yard
made its semi-annual report to-day, cut
ting the wages of nearly all skilled labor.
Sparmakers were cut 66 cents, ship join
ers 24 cents and nearly all workers in Iron
and wood received similar cuts. The com
pensation of unskilled labor remains as
before. About 600 men are affected.
Site for New Powder Works.
BAN RAFAEL,, July B.— Timothy Hop
kins and Charles Felton, two directors of
the United States Smokeless Powder
Company, visited Point San Pedro to-day
and selected a new site for a powder
workrf about a mile east of McNeara
Landing. It le said by Manager Newel!
that the new plant will cost $600,000, while
200 men will be employed. In addition to
powder, nitroglycerin will be manufac
tured.
— — - — ♦
Advances made on furniture and piano*; with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
One Year Seeding, •
Nine Years' Weeding/
S^Ceglected impurities in your blood <witl
so<a> seeds of disease of tvhich you may
never get rid. If your blood is even the
\ least bit impure, do not delay, but take
j Hood's Sarsapdrilla at once. In so doing
i there is safety; in delay there is danger.
I Be sure to get only Hood's, because
DR. ABORN,
EYE, EAR, CATARRH, ASTHMA AND LUNG
SPECIALIST.
OVER THIRTY YEARS' PRACTICE.
His Inhalation, Building Up and Vitalizing
Treatment (Jive Instant Relief and Cure when
ordinary' methods fail. Aborn's Essay on the
Curability of Consumption, with evidences of
some extraordinary cures, can be had upon
application.
OFFICE and RESIDENCE. 554 UTTER
STREET, bet. Powell and Mason, San Fran-
cisco. HOURS— to 12 and 3 to 4.
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT %$&&&.
Charming spot for rest and health; perfect at-
•Jtoschere. .Take train to Martinez, stage to hotel
KAISER'S VISIT
TO FRENCH SHIP
Causes Satisfaction at
Berlin.
GRACEFUL ACTS BEAR FRUIT
WILLIAM'S COURTESY TO THE
PARIS GOVERNMENT.
Some, However, Make the Comment
That the Emperor Merely De
sires to Visit the Great
Exposition.
Copyrighted, XBM, by the Associated PresK.
BERLIN*. July S.— Emperor William's
visit to the French training ship Iphi
genie at Bergen on Thursday, and his
cordial exchange of telegrams with
President Loubet. were not only re
ceived with great satisfaction hero. bin.
throughout Europe. As one paper put
it. it promises to be a turning point in
the world's history. At the opening of
the Kiel canal his Majesty went on
board one of the French ships, but In
the present instance, it is maintained,
the Emperor set foot on the deck of a
French vessel, which is equivalent to
French soil, by the express Invitation
of her commander, who was acting
upon instructions from his Govern
ment. It is therefore believed here that
the many graceful and courteous atten
tions which during the past seven . or
eight years the Emperor has been in
the habit of paying to the French Gov
ernment have borne fruit. The Em
peror's act has been sympathetically «
received in France, though some Bee in
it only a desire to visit the Paris Ex
position in 1900. Most of the papers
print the Iphigenie telegrams without
comment.
The Tageblatt says: "It was the first
official act of France for a generation
expressing a desire for more friendly
relations. The courtesy of the Kaiser
is gradually telling upon France."
The Vossiche Zeitung says: "The In
cident must fill with satisfaction the
friends of the republic, not only on both
sides of the Vosges, but everywhere ir.
the world. It proves the present rulers
of France are not hypnotized with the
Idea of a revanche and have the moral
courage to show it."
The Lokal Anaeiger sees in the' Inci
dent proof of good relations.
The Cologne Gazette looks upon it as
an indication of how far French and
German sentiments have moderated
recently.
The Vorwaets does not see in the af
fair a turning point. in the world's his
tory, and sarcastically expresses the
hope i hut Professor Stengel's mind
would now become more peaceful. The
"attitude of the French press has
caused much satisfaction here.
Dogday dullness has suddenly set
tled upon Berlin. The Diet has ad
journed to August 14, and the Herren
haua to August 17. Nearly all the Min
isters have departed on their vacations
and the political excitement of the past
Aveek has given place to a quiet which
the papers can only disturb by invent
ing new rumors of Ministerial changes.
The Emperor is yachting off the Nor
wegian coast. No exciting speeches
may be expected from him, and during
his absence the public has settled down
for a month of quiet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GREAT
CLEARANCE SALE.
MUST \
RAISE
MONEY!
PRICES CUT IN TWO.
Men's All-Wool Suits cut from <£t- (\r\
fio.oo to CJKJ. UU
Men's Blue Serge Suits cut q>y Z\fl
from $11.50 to CJW.vJvJ
M*n's All- Wool Pants cut -iw
from 53.50 to. ~ 3>l«/3
I Boys' Long Pants Suits, sizes ClA_ pa
12 to 19. cut from £7.50 t0... v3>T"»3vl
Boys' -Woo! 2-piece Suits,
sizes Bto 15, cut trom $3 50 <£• qp
Boys' Sailor Suits, sizes 3to 4^ j»
10, cut from 54.50 to- &j&».£3
Boys' Middy Suit*, sizes 3 to £• 75;
8, cut from $3.50 to CJSI./3
300 pairs of Boys' Knee Pants "?£{r
cut from 50c to •^
J. J. GILDE A,
756 Market Street,
Cor. Grtat Avenue.
EYE-GLASS r
CLIP,
Which we attach (for 50 cents). Don't slip--
tilt— or waver— lt Is always rut in our new
eyeglasses without extra charge.
Pacific Coast Agents for
Bausch & Lomb-Zelss Stereo Field Glasses.
Goertz Trleder Binoculars.
Oculists' prescriptions flllpfl. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
642 Market st. instruments
until Cnonictt <v/.. m«M,
000000000000000000
% r.F PALACE *«•"
•GRAND <±°Z£4J>?
*? SAN FRANCISCO. -Z,
" Connected by a covered passageway. "
O 1400 Room?— 900 «■! h 3ath Attached ■
O All' Under One Management. (J .*
O /NOTE THE PRICES: ' C\
O European Plan. SI.OO per day and upward Q
rt American Plan. s3. lK) per day and upward A
W Correspondence Solicited. O i
0 JOHN 0. KIEXPATSICK. Manager. O -
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ:
rapg|Dft.iULL'S REINYIGORATOR;
SmS^^jmi Five hundred reward for anj
ip*" '™^B case we cannot cure. This secret
fa . B remedy stops- ail losses in 2^ '•
22SU Hg||ra hnurs. cures . Emissions, Impo-
fJnl ' ffiTP tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea.
aM BH Gleet. Fits, Strictures. Lost
MKLjbeS Manhood and all wasting effects '
riltrn. ~^B of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle;- 3 bottles, S3; guaranteed to '
cure any case. Address HAUL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073' 2 Market St.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.SEVEN DAYS OF
GRACE FOR KRUGER
Great Britain Sends an
Ultimatum.
REFORMS MUST BE GRANTED
ONXY A WEEK ALLOWED FOR
COMPLIANCE.
If at the End of That Time the Eoers
Still Hold Out Troops Will
Be Poured Into the
Transvaal.
.
NEW YORK, July B.— The Sun's cable
from London says: Gr< at Britai^ has si -
cretly sit.: an ultimatum to <>i'm Paul's
South African republic, according to a
made to-day to the Sim's corre
■ a lii^h Government official.
Unless the Boer Government within
days gives explicit and satisf:
• s that reforms will be granted the
Outlander; Inglish troops will be
S uth Africa from J r s < "i i .■ i . to
lowed by 20.000 more from home as
soon as transports <:m carry them out.
I Port Elizabeth will be '.'>••
sembarkation.
PRETORIA, July S. After an all-day
i.y ap
>: a committo< of five to draft a
franchise reform bill. 1 rnment
regis
■ .• anders
ing the I ; ears'
■ . ■ .■ ■
■ ■ ihe ri^ht imm
BRUSSELS, July > >vaal dip
lnmatical aj shed Ihe
text of Pi <■■ ssage of
July 1 to i dment
to the fram irovidi s that p< i
vrho d • naturalized
in the ma the present law
• by taking the.
. ■ • of resi
■ • ' at per
me s nt o 1
• nee in the
full franchise
stablishment of t h< ir
lav
-
Ic. The Volks
iments, which
■ 1 into th<
NEW EVIDENCE OF
SAGE'S PHILANTHROPY
One Dollar Contributed by the Rich
Man to Rspair the Graves of
His Parents.
VCI SE, N V.. July B.— Residents
[da. have lately
■ ■ g for the
• • . ■ ■•.■:•■ • ;•■■
- .. • buri< d.' The place has
roken
overrun with v.
to aid in the work
.•• ■ ■
■ was from
Publicity
- i suited in many
:endants of
ire multi-millionaires.
Child Explodes Giant Powder.
PLEASANTON, July 8. — Manuel Ramos.
- in of Manuel Silva
i Valley, three miles
. • ■_-• griant powder
while playing i;i the yard, and
tally exploded it.
• iif three fingers and
■ I the palm of the child's l
Consult the Hudyan Doctors. Call or Write. Describe Your
Symptoms. The Doctors Will Advise You Free of Charge.
£§v ...FOR... \i\.
# NERVOUSNESS \
iff PALENESS 1
I WEAKNESS I
I EMACIATION -' I
\ HUDYAN M
DUG* Jjjar
i HUDTAN is a splendid tonic, nervine and appetizer, for men and for women,
i HUDYAN promptly overcomes all the above conditions. If you are thin and pale and
have no appetite, are nervous and cannot sleep at night, then take HI'DYAN. HI D-
YAX Is certain to cure you. If you suffer with headaches, pains In stomach, pain in
1 back, pain in fide, pain in limbs, HUDYAN will relieve you promptly. HUDYAN
corrects -a torpid liver; HUDYAN curea constipation.
If you have that all-pone and tired feeling, Impaired memory, if your nerves are
weak, then you need 'HUDYAN.
Women who are run down in health and who suffer as a result of weakness pecu-
-1 liar to their sex will find in HUDYAN a friend indeed, for HUDYAN will relieve and
i cure thorn.
\ Hudyan Cured Mrs. R. L, Williams.
i OGVEN. Utah. __^__ y^- " „
1 Dear Doctors: Every woman and man in |?rtrfjjnyi>J»'^'X/ ' ""^Sc&uinJH^
I this world should know about the great and i£Eju!gr'j^-^> -' N^jgip;;
i good Hudyan. I know from my own expert- r'^SUfi ' .'■■
i enc<> that it will cure dyspepsia and nervous )A*/^~ J '■Jaie^S &Ssi
, trouble. I suffered for many years. Could &/, v Sil
cat but a few thing?. I was thin, pale and ff/ rr§C- - '^'t
1 ver>' nervous, '"oiild not Bleep; suffered with ,7 , '** v ■'♦ ' fr-— — j .*s\ 1*
' headaches; in fact I was a complete physical «i *•< ,C/ /i'^r -~*iitt&i S
i wreck. I tried many -:.-■..■: E . %s?s&>' ■ . -jijStr^' . <
tors, but k^pt going down hill until I took A , -"*i/ "^MI/*?. '
Hudyan. Hudyan cured me of all my troubles ■" j}\, '^&C' — S&k -«>rS"i*e»i / .
1 In a few weeks' time. lam very grateful. NJ. '.yy." aSy *?"£■ '^Z>~-sizMu •■
! MRS. R. L. WILLIAMS. -^ ''"' ' f^j ,>
: Hudyan Cured J. A. Brown. :
f s^*'" ! &*W „I,- . , LEBANON. N. H.
. S V Gentlemen: I feel indebted to you and if
"-.«, ' my testimonial is worth anything here it is i
js*j-'i!r ' Your Hudyan has cured me of insomnia en-
*»' -4V^l tirely. For many months I was unable to. (
•'*>.<> s " -§S?/X> '"'' }' Bleep more than two hours all night, and this I
>>«,'. , **s . w,-— # - 1 - broken doses. I was harassed by unr.leas- i
>■'"'' " "S-^/Bb>s_ ant dreams. My memory was getting poor, .
'^^Z.ff AVj^SfJA'^S^ a "d I was reduced to a skeleton. Your Hud- '
■i -1 Tfff 4 HWk|| i van lias f ffecif-(l a wonderful change, for I (
' ' ij^WSSgir^rwSp'k am curefl - Vo " may send me six b^xeß for (
Yv* v ' v ' #&*• ~~"- WlFv a friend, who Is afflicted as I was. 1 shall «
\\ Jfr.i^'v' 11 always fee*- grateful to you. Yours truly, '
J. A. BROWN. '
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists: f,oc a package, or six packages for $2 50. |
If your druggist does not keep .HUDYAN send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY I
COMPANY, cor. Stockton. Ellis and Market sta.. San Francisco, Cal.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUPYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE '
OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.. ; I
WOMAN RACING
AFTER SULZER
Nemesis on a Congress
man's Trail.
HE PLANS A COUP AND FAILS
— ♦ —
: ATTEMPTS TO STEAL AWAY TO
ALASKA.
1 When the Vessel Sails From Van
couver the Fair Pursuer Is
Found Among the Pas
sengers Aboard.
Sp< ciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July Con
gressman W. M. Sulzer and H. Deman- ;
ville of New York arrived here last ;
Wednesday. They were en route for a j
hunting tour in Alaska. To-day they
left for the north, but under Car differ- |
ent circumstances than they had anti- 1
cipated. The day after they arrived
here "Mrs. Harrington, New York," !
was registered at the Hotel Vancouver,
and it was the bearer of that name who
made the third person in the romantic I
occurrences of the last two days. All
three are credited with being very j
wealthy, and the woman introduced '
herself around the hotel as the fiancee I
of Congressman Hulzer. It was evident, j
however, that neither of the men was
enamored of her. and they explained J
that she had been only a day behind !
th"m in coming across the continent. ■
The Congressman and his hunting j
friend decided to escape, and to do this
they booked tickets late last night en
the steamer Dirigo for Skaguay. The j
woman in the rase, however, became i
possessed of the Idea'that her two male I
escorts were planning to give her the
slip. She accordingly mounted guard
on the hotel veranda. She was clothed
in a lashing serge skirt, a natty sailor I
hat and a somber cloak, which some- ;
what spoiled the otherwise bright effect
of the get-up. For two hours she j
maintained a vigilant watch and then j
she thought of the steamer that was to I
sail for Alaska. 'I
She found that the steamer must sail '<
at 4 o'clock in the morning and she sur
mised that the gentlemen must have
made their escape by way of the ladies' '
entrance. She started in pursuit. -*nd |
before long she, too, was booked for I
Skaguay. When the vessel sailed she j
was in her cabin, all unknown to the I
statesman and his friend, who had ;
gone to sleep safely the night before.
CALLED TO EIS REWARD.
Funeral of Rev. William Donald at
Carpinteria.
CARPINTERIA. July S.— The entire j
valley of Carpinteria was In mourning
to-day at the obsequies of the Rev.
William Donald, pastor of the First!
Presbyterian church here, who died
suddently on Wednesday evening, aged
64. after almost thirty-nine years of
continuous ministry. The church was
crowded at the services, which were
In charge of the Presbytery of Santa
Barbara. Rev. W. E. Dodge, the mod
erator, presided and the old clergymen
who took part were: Rev. A. H. Car
rier. D. D., of Santa Barbara: Rev. R.
H. Van Pelt of Huenpme and R>v.
Messrs. Alexander of Santa Paula, and
Rowland and McLean of Carpinteria.
The pall hearers were the elders end
deacons of the local Presbyterian
Church.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
PLANNING TO UPLIFT
THE MASSES.
COUNCIL OF EDUCATION fIT WORK
LOS ANGELES, July B— The wppk that (
has been set apart for the thirty
eighth annual convention In Los An
geles of the National Educational As
sociation was ushered In when Professor j
A. R. Taylor of the Kansas Normal School j
at Emporia. president of the National
Council of Education, called this notable
body of educators to order at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon.
The National Council Is. in a measure,
an annex of the National Educational As- |
sociation. It is composed of sixty teach
ers that have established reputations as
educators. Members are elected for terms
of six years each, and vacancies are Ailed
at the annual meetings. The principal oh. \
ject of the council is to discuss the educa
tional problems and endeavor to perfect
plans of Improvement. All Investigations
of educational problems, the expense of
which is borne by the association, are
conducted under the direction of the Na
tional Council. The committees for this
work are appointed by the chairman of
the council, the eommitteemen being the ;
experts best suited for the "purpose, re- j
gardless of whether or not they are mem
bers of the council.
The first paper read before the National
a of the council,
lie first pap* r read before the National
Council came from the pen of Miss Lucia
Stickney of the Hughes High School of
Cincinnati. Miss Stickney has Riven the
f question of elevating the standard of chil
dren of the poor In the larger centers of
population much study. She began with
I a sketch of ten families, numbering from
: four to fifteen, living usually in two
rooms, and said:
I These cases are given a? fair samples of th?
larger part of our downtown children. It is
! estimated that over half of the families below
the hilltops live in tenements, usually of two
room?, and it is fair to suppose that the condi
tion in this city is not exceptional. These
families have little practical knowledge of buy-
Ing or cooking wholesome food. The one ab
sorbing thought is how to get a living-, and the
ENVELOPED BY FIRE HE
THINKS NOT OF SELF
"Help the Others" th« Noble Entreaty
of a Man Rescued From
the Flames.
PASADENA, July B.— "My Ood. boys,
Torrance is gone and Jim is gone— help
them!" whs the unselfish exclamation
of a burning hero as they "tripped the
f blazing clothes off the back of Thomas
S. Zackar at the fire on Mount Lowe
'. yesterday. Fire had broken out and
' was rushing up the mountain.
threatening valuable property. Every
; man in the employ of the Mount Lowe
j Company, about thirty, was called out.
Manager Torranrv ordered a squad of
men down a narrow gulch. Not a man
moved in the face of the devouring ele
ment. "Then follow me," said the
! manager, and he plunged down the
I Bteep incline.
A few moments' desperate work; then
the wind changed and five men were
hemmed in by walls of flame. Four es
caped down the mountain, but Thomas
Zackar tried to reach the electric track
above. The flame? overtook and envel
oped him. On he climbed, his clothe*
sending burning torments through his
flesh. As he fell upon the track, a
handcar bearing a relipf party from Al
j pine Tavern dashed down to the spot
and ready hands tore the burning cloth.
; Ing off his back. As C. S. Seaman's
i coat enveloped his burning head, he
! called out, with no thought of his own
! agony: •
"My God. boys; Torrance is gone and
Jim is gone — he!p them!"
No nobler words were uttered on San
Juan Hill or in Manila Bay. The hero
' lies between life and death in the Pasa-
I dena hospital with an even chance for
! recovery. _
ENGLISHMEN MAY BUY
LAKES OF KILLARNEY
National Trust Asks the Owners to
Place a Price Upon the
Property.
NEW YORK, July B.— A World cable
from London says: The World cor
respondent is enabled to state that the
National Trust, an English society un
der the presidency of the Duke of
Westminster, which is devoted to the
acquisition and preservation for the
public benefit of places of scenic or his
toric interest, has decided to purchase
the Lakes of Killarney if the owners
v.ill fix a reasonable price. The latter
asked $350,000, an excessive price, but
the National Trust probably would
gdve $250 000. The money will be sub
scribed readily by wealthy supporters
of the English society, one millionaire
having already offered $100,000 toward
the fund.
Shock Causes Heart Failure.
SAN JOSE. July B.— Mrs. Fannie Rider,
sister of Charles E. White, the railroad
switchman, who was killed by a locomo
tive a few days ago, died this evening of
heart disease. The fatal attack was
brought on by a passing train, which re
called her brother's death.
aim in rearing children is to Ret them to work
so that they "an pay back what has been done
for them. The children are kept in school by
the truant officer until they are 14. or largi
enough to be, then graduated Into th fac
tory. They are without domestic education,
and seldom become house servants. Yet the
mothers who come to the Settlement show
eagerness to acquire domestic Ideas.
These people have abundant church privi
leges, are often church-goers. Their social op
portunity Is the all-nleht ball, which many
Kirls attend twice .- week.
With bo larfro a number of tenement dwellers j
ttlemeni and Free Kindergarten can only i
serve ;<* an object lesson. It is through the
avenue of the public si boot, with domestic
training ;md a greater Intlmancy between home
;>r.d school, that Improvement can !><> sought.
At the session of the council this even
ing Hon. W. T. Harris of Washington, D.
i.. National Commissioner of Education,
read ;i paper on "The Future of the Nor
mal School." Mr. Harris devoted the prin
cipal part of his paper to the new educa
tional methods which the study of the
art <>f educating Is bringing out. The
movement known as "child study." he
said, which devoted itself to learning the
natural history of infancy, childhood and
youth, would discover the laws of de
velopment. Besides "child study" there
whs progress in the invention of devices
Of instruction. They would make the child
more self-active in the process of learn
ing, and not ao dependent upon the teach
er's power of illustration. Finally Mr.
Harris said:
The future history of the normal sehrtol will
show the graduate adoption of the Kultur-
Geschichte standpoint — the discussion of all
educational questions in the light r>f history
of civilisation as a court of last resort
On.- thousand delegates were registered
at general headquarters to-day. The in
flux will be great on Sunday, and on
Monday night and Tuesday morning it
will reach its maximum. The committee
in railroads to-night announced thai a
new special party of teachers from Kan
sas City, St. Louis and other points in
Missouri would arrive over the Southern
Pacific on Monday. Four special trains
left Kansas City last night The Mrst and
second sections will come straight through
RELEASED BY
THE FILIPINOS
Spanish Prisoners Given
Liberty.
Special nippnirh to The Call.
MADRID, July B.— An official dis
patch from Manila says that thirty
Spanish military prisoners and seven
teen civilians who were held by the
Filipinos have been released.
It is reported that Senor Villaverde
has decided to bring on a Ministerial
crisis after the debate on the message,
owing to the determination of the Cab
inet not to modify essential parts of
the budget.
General Rios, recently Spain's princi
' pal commander in the Philippines, has
I arrived here.
WASHINGTON. July B.— General
Otis cables the following:
MANILA. July B.— Adjutant General.
Washington: Desires of all volunteers in
Philippines ascertained. Two skeleton
regiments fairly well assured. In two or
three days will cable names of officers
nominated for regiments so that appoint
ments of lieutenants to recruit in United
States can be made. OTIS.
COMPANY'S PROPERTY
ATTACHED BY MINERS
Employes of the Fort Wayne at San
Andreas Guard Against
Possible Loss.
SAN ANDREAS, July B.— The local prop
erty of the Fort Wayne. Gold Mining
Company and money in bank at Stockton
haVe l><-< n attached by employes of the
mine. This property, formerly the Mar
shall gravel mine, is rated high, but the
Fort Wayne, Ind.. owners have become
i dissatisfied with the management under
| J. F. Clapp, the present superintendent.
Just before pay day Clapp went Bast and
a conference wan had with the owners.
Not hearing any positive news, as to the
outcome of the meeting the miners at
tached the works to secure themselves.
Yesterday Clapp returned and gave every
I assurance -that all the money was forth
coming from Indiana. The owners are
prominent and well to do people in Indi
ana. T. 13. EUison being among the num
: ber. A young man named Schulte was
sent here from Indiana by them to look
after matters. He is now in charge.
Water will be kept out of the mine until
operations are resumed, about the Ist of
August. Local business men have confi
', dence in the Fastern people and believe
! they will pay in full, as the mine has
i made some remarkable strikes lately and
is known to be valuable.
Trouble Over Hop Contracts.
MARYSYILLE, July K.- Louis A. and E.
Clemens Horst have commenced injunc
tion proceedings in the Superior Court
against Mebius & Drescher, a Sacramento
firm, and their employes. H. Mitau and
E. A. Casey, to restrain them from Bell-
and should be here by Monday morning.
The thin! section, containing the Ohio del
egation, and the fourth section, carrying
New Yorkers, will stop at Colorado
Springs to "do" Pikes Peak, and will not
reach here until Tuesday. The New
i'orkers will make the kite-shaped track
before rea< hing Los Angeles, and will not
land at La Grande station until Tuesday
morning- These four sections alone will
bring to Los Angeles about thirty-two
cars, containing nearly ll*" 1 passengers.
'I'h.- special trait, bearing the Chicago
Teachers" Federation and the Chicago
Teachers' Club, in ten cars, is due o\er
the Southern Pacific on Tuesday noon.
The registration bureau asserts that
fully 400ft delegates so far have been regis
tered and that the arrivals from Califor
nia points are in the minority. Dr. Shep
ard lias not n ceded from his assertion
that 15.000 teachers will have been en
rolled before the session closes.
Among the promineat arrivals to-day
were: E. O J.yte "f Millersburg, Pa..
president of the National Educational
Association, accompanied by his wife and
two s<.ns; Treasurer J. C. McNeill, West
Superior. Wis.. accompanied by his wife;
A. G. Lane, chairman of the lvoarrl of
trustees, his wife and two daughters; W.
T. Harris. Washington. Tinted States
Commissioner of Education and member
of the National Educational Association
executive committee; F. Ijouis Poldam.
Superintendent of the St. Louis Schools
and a trustee of the National Educational
Association; Elmer E. Brown, professor
of history at Berkeley, acompanied by his
wife: H. T. Ardley, professor of art at
Berkeley; Oggian H. Lanp. publisher of
the School Journal in New York; Dr. N.
Murray Butler, head of the School of
Phi'osophy at Columbia University; Dr.
Gates, ex-president of Amherst College;
I >r. N. Murray of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity.
Mi-. Lyte, who was one of the party that
visited LOS Ar'£rel..s last fall to filially de
termine whether tii< convention ihis year
should come here, to-day sairt:
"Our committee made no mistake. Of
that I was convinced at the time, and I
urn more certain now we are here."
Ing the lands and premises described in
a pertain trußi deed that figured in the
r'i< nt litigation between the parties over
s.mi.. bop contracts, and in which the
Horsts wi re di Pendants, rlaintiffs ask
that further advertising of the sale, which
is set for August o, be prohibited, and
that defendants be ordered to refrain
frr.m any acts by virtue of the deed of
trust until a final and complete account
ing between the parties be had. Judge
Davis has ordered that defendants appear
in court on July 17 to show cause why
the restraining order should not be is
sued.
Little Girl Burned to Death.
SAX RAFAEL, July B.— Alma Persson,
the 3-year-old daughter of Sven Persson,
a carpenter of 314 Alvarado street. San
Francisco, died here this afternoon from
the effects of burns received while ex
ploding firecrackers. The child. who
came here on a visit yesterday with her
mother, brothers and sisters, had her
clothing set on fir" from firecrackers and
was fatally burned before the flames were
quenchi d.
■— ■ . —
"Fighting Joe Is Coming.
WASHINGTON, July B.— General Whee
ler will leave for San Francisco to-mor
row en rou:> for Manila.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE OLD WAY
! Of Treating- Dyspepsia and Indiges-
tion by Dieting a Dangerous
and Useless One.
We say the old way. but really it is a
very common one at present time, and
many dyspeptics and physicians as well
! consider the first Btep to take In attempt-
| ing to cure indigestion is to diet, either by
I selecting certain foods and rejecting oth-
j ers. or to greatly diminish the quantity
i usually taken; in other words, the starva-
| tion plan is by many supposed to be the
j first essential.
The almost certain failure of the starva-
j tion cure for dyspepsia has been proven
; time and again, but still the moment dys- \
i pepsin makes its appearance a course of
: dieting is at once advised.
All this is radically wrong. It is foolish
| and unscientific to recommend dieting or
starvation to a man suffering from dys-
pepsia, because indigestion itself starves
every organ and every nerve and every
i fiber in the body.
What the dyspeptic wants is abundant
; nutrition, which means plenty of good,
■ wholesome, well cooked food and some-
thing to assist t lie weak stomach to digest
• it. This is exactly the purpose for which
: Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are adapted,
'. and this is the method by which they
; cure the worst cases of dyspepsia; in oth-
. r words, the patient eats plenty of whoie-
! some food and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
i digest it for him. In this way the system
I is nourished and the overworked stomach
; rested, because the tablets will digest The
j food whether tlfe stomach works or not.
One of these tablets will digest 3000 grains |
of meat or eggs.
Your druggist will tell you that Stuart's !
I Dyspepsia Tablets is the purest and ;
I safest remedy for stomach troubles, and
: every trial makes one more friend for this
• excellent preparation. Sold at 50 cents for
full sized package at all drug stores.
A little book on stomach diseases mailed
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Mar-
-1 shall, Mich.
GREAT INTEREST
IN LACKEY'S CASE
Tests of Dr. Sanarelli's
Yellow Fever Serum.
— 1_ _
PATIENT IS DOING WELL
BUT HIS RECOVERY IS YET UN
CERTAIN.
Even Scientists of Paris Are Curious
to Ascertain if the Latest
Experiment Will Be
Successful.
♦ ■
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. July S.— Much interest
has been shown throughout th'? coun
try in the condition of Mr. Lackey, whe
is suffering from yellow fever. This
case is one of unusual interest, f<>f it
may contribute useful data for a study
of the effects of the antidote suggested
by the experiments of Dr. Sanarelli.
The Herald has sent for 300 bottles of
Sanarelli's serum, which is identical
with the preparation used by Dr. Doty.
This amount of serum would be suffi
cient to give a thorough test to the
remedy. Dr. Doty, in spite of the fact
that many well-knQwn physicians are
not Inclined to accept Dr. Sanarelli's
discovery of the micro-organism of yel
low fever, gave the theory of ihe young
Italian bacteriologist a careful and im
partial Investigation. He Isolated the
organism before the publication ol Dr.
Sanarelli's discovery, and from cultures
which the latter s-nt him he was able
to see that the two organisms were
identical. John Ferguson and John
Tklwarsfa, two yellow fever suspects on
the McCiellan, did not contract the dis
ease. The other passengers who were
sent to Hoffman Island for observation
are all well and are in cheerful spirits.
Dr. Doty said to-day that he could
not give any opinion as to whether the
man would recover or not. He has fre
qu< ntly seen cases where the patients'
condition seemed to be encouraging, yet
a sudden change would carry them be
yond the point where medical skill was
able to aid th m Mr. Lackey has
received r.o medicines whatever and he
has not had an injection of serum since
the third one administered at 7 o'clock
last Friday.
PARIS, July S.— The publicity given
by the Hera!. 1 , to Dr. Sanarelli's serum
for yellow fever has not passed unno
ticed in Paris. Scientists are curious
tv see whether the success that at
■d Dr. Sanarelli's experiments will
be repeated. People are asking why
the United States has not tried the se
rum before It cannot be because tht>
administration was ignorant of Sana
relli's remedy, for it was officially of
fered them over a year ago.
It appears, according to a statement
made by a Herald correspondent, that
when the Spanish -American war broke
out the full particulars of the success
that had attended the use of the serum
under Sanarelli'fl directions and of the
means of procuring' it steps were taken
with a view of bringing this invention
before the Government.
Fighting a Field Fire.
SAN ANDREAS, July B.— Just a few
miles below f>wn a field fire has been
ra«ing all day. Parties of volunteers were
organized to fight the fire. The blaze
started on the ranch of Mr. Leonard. Re
ports late to-night are that the army of
Ore fighters has -gained control.
imil .ifTTrimMIIIHMII ■■■■^^■■■1 ■■■■■■■■■■■I lIMMIII
H v^v^^ : J>^^Vi ; !vv^l•;■w• l i?.;'•■ :^^S : •:^ : >^V^ ?
IMI When you buy your clothes $\/Z'-:]b JjM^k I^^M^i-^^S
ailpi of us you are certain of two . '?, -'-'. * 'Tj4l tHto I |*^i^fi^2iS
a> is pos^ibe for gooJ clothes. •/'■'h':-"'f 1 ■^'•'"« -W^i
ipfk: And you will be sure of satis- '"'»'."•'. -^.SH , Swi I '""' ~^?^
fattl n through our guarantee. '$.'.'■'"'•''. S| '^t's''^\ I £''''" ~~ ::: ~
The guarantee protects you •<*'{':'•.'/ |i «*'« I I'"-'** T ~ '
B Money return 3d if you . :};'.<\|J $ r.i'.&\ ' t:V,
Up want it; or f /.^\ : J I sai- : -. :: '.-b \ i Ilk' HI
111 Suit kept in repair free ':s*;Xv. ife';.^i\f>^^B
H for one year. V-; : ; I;'; j >J l;v'^ •■'•!;■ ¥r Wi
g^f We c.i II your particular at- ■.'V-'.' .J j * f .'•''.'''% ■'■ ''' ■-■■, : ' -
znm trn'ion just now to our sale '-•"'■ 'jl a,!■• • B a:."*'. s==r
of all-wool ready-made >'.'•'-■■"'[■ vhj ':'.:"''. m fs:'. : -. j
s^ There is a good assortment .of patterns §pi|
ss among them — some light ones for summer UPS
wear. Suits are properiy made and fully j Hii
gif guaranteed. ..*"*-
: Boys' Soldier Suits, washable material, giigt
neatly trimmed, ages 3 to 10, for vaca-
tion wear 85C !^H
gg= Blue Overalls, made for girls' wear .... 4Oc
Boys' Reefer Suits, small sizes, S3. 50 §|
values.. $2.45 pHI
— : ". ' — ■- '
]^&$ 718 Market St. jjjj
Out-of-town orders filled — write us. gM^g
VAST THRONGS
GO TO LONDON
Rush of Americans to
the Metropolis.
ACCOMMODATIONS LIMITED
HOTELS ALREADY CROWDED
WITH VISITORS.
So Great Is the Traffic Over tha
Ocean That the Trans-Atlantic
Companies Are Hurriedly
Building New Ships.
Copyrighted, 1599, by th« Associated Presa.
LONDON, July B— When Joseph H.
Choate, the United States Bmbassador,
declared at the banquet here July 4
that the presence <>f a thousand Amer
ican ladies at the reception held at the
embassy during the afternoon was
the most Impressive evidence he had
yet received in regard to th _> impor
tance of the Embassadorship to the
Court of James, he gave only a
faint idea of the crowds <'f Americans
now in London. So gr* at is the rush
that the Bt'eafnship companies admit
their inability i<' < "]■•■ with it. All the
trans-Atlantic companies have ord
from ore to four new ships, but it is
Impossible Cor many of th< se to be
ready in :
The American and North German
lines are pushing work on their new
v . -is t<> the utmost possible, b it they
hardly hops to have them ready for the
Paris exposition. The Atlantic Trans
port Company has four vessels averag
ing 12,000 tons in course of construction.
They w ill be COO feet long.
The n-'v. Lyland liner, Wlnifredian,
for the Boston trade, had her trial to
day. Even ihe carpi boats are con
stantly Increasing their passenger ac
commodations, with the view of meet
ins: the growing demand foi passen
gers. The Winifredian will accommo
date 140 saloon passengers.
The scenes at the Hotel Cecil. Metro
pole and other hotels on the arrival
here of the Majestic and St. Paul pas
sengera at midnight Wednesday wera
the most exciting of the season. Many)
Americans awaited Dp Wolf Hopper's
arrival at the Hotel Cecil His lower
ing- form contrasted strangely with thq
diminutive Jock< y Martin, who wad
carried off by Tod Sloan, who had al
ready Becured .Martin's license. Am
idea of the pressure may be gained
from the fact that De Wolf Hopper
was unable to enter the Hotel Cecil and
was compelled, at 2 o'clock in tha
morning, to seek temporary quarters
elsewhere, while batches of choru3
girls were still riding about at 3 in tha
morning in a hopeless quest for shelter.
Sloan was greatly rejoiced at the ar
rival of Martin. He says the English
Jockeys who have been using every de
vie.- to prevent him from winning, will
now have two Americans to look after.
Sloan thinks he and Martin will keep
them busy;
Fined for Shooting Ducks.
NTCASIO. July S.— John Soares was ar
"rested yesterday at Point Reyes station
and charged with violating the game laws
by killing ducks nut of season. His ac
cuser \vii!i a representative of the Martn
County Game Protective Association. On
being brought before Justice Bernard
Millpr at this Dlace. he pleaded guilty
and was fined $'j\ This makes the third
conviction secured under the new county
game ordinance.
34
COUNTIES
COVERED BY
THE WATER
Thousands of Texas Flood
Sufferers Yet in Danger.
of Starvation.
RELIEF BOATS SCARCE
From Many Sections of the Inun
dated Regions Come Most
Alarming Reports.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
There has been but little im
provement in the condition of the
sufferers irom floods in Texas
during the past twenty-four hours.
The State government is making
the most strenuous exertions to
get food to the starving and to
rescue the perishing, and the
National Government is fending
all the aid possible, but there is j
a woeful lack of means of trans
portation, and many of the flood
victims are in districts so remote
from centers of population that
days must elapse before they can
be reached.
AUSTIN, T^x.. July B.— The situa
in the lower part of the
inundated district, where the full
the great Brazos river
ams felt, has improved but little
during the last twenty-four hours.
Governor Sayers has b^en in constant
!•■!• ur;i phi'- communication with many
of the accessible points in thedevastated
region, and all day long appeals for aid
have poured In to the Chief Executive
from the suffer* is.
There is a shortage of efficient boats
rform the rescue work promptly.
and it Is feared that there has been a
loss of life In Brazoria and Fort Bend
counties on this account.
Among the telegrams received by the
Governor to-day was one from A. F..
Masterson of Alvin, stating that th~
situation in a large area of country
extending from Sandy Point, Brazoria
County, to the mouth of the Brazos is
alarming; that there are hundreds of
waterbound negroes without food nnl
r In the section named, and that
boats will be needed at once.
In addition to the stranded men, '
women and children, who r.re occupy- j
Ing perilous positions In tree tops and
other places of refuge, awaiting succor, i
th-;-' are hundreds of destitute suffer
ers at Chenango, Columbia and Sandy
Point.
The limited food supplies at thes«
places have been exhausted and the re- i
lief boats had not reached them up to i
this evening! being engaged in dis
tributing supplies and relieving the ter
lißtreßS at points above there.
The Governor also received a tele
gram from J. J. Juliffe, a prominent
man of Juliffe. Fort Bend County, stat
ing that the place is In the midst of a
f water and that there are many
c in the bottoms in that locality
who will ni.^t their deaths from star
vation very sour, unless boats are sent
to their rescue. The telegram concludes
by appealing to the Governor to have
boats sent there immediately, as there
is no lumber available of which to
make them, nor dry ground on which
to perform the work should material
b< ru hand. The committee which has
charge of the relief boats -were notified
Immediately, and it is expected that the
refugees of that locality will be taken
in and cared for by to-morrow morn-
ing.
The first estimates of losses of prop
erty and life in Fort Bend and Bra
zoria counties will be exceeded, as the
Brazos has destroyed everything in its
path in those two rich counties. The
waters cover nearly the whole of both
counties to a depth of from two feet
to seventy feet.
The picture of desolation afforded
those who are engaged in the rescuing
work is heartrending. Thousands of
homeless people are utterly helpless.
Many children are already sick from
exposure. The Velasco terminal rail
road, which traverses the valley of the
Brazos nearly -all the way from Co
lumbia to Velasco, is said to be all un
der water and communication from Ve
lasco is cut off except by boat.
Oyster Creek and the Brazos have
met at several points, and this conver
gence has trapped a large number of
negroes whose fate is not yet known.
Boats have been sent to their relief,
but it is feared that many of them
have already been drowned. Ad
.ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLARETS and
SAUTERNES.
THE WINES SHIPPED BT
A. De LUZE & FILS,
Bordeaux, France,
Ax*, Without Exception, the Finest and Men
Reliable Imported.
CHARLES METNECKE & CO.,
AGENTS,
tit Sacramento Street, Ban Franciaco, Cal.
CANNON CHARGED
WITH POLYGAMY
WarraQt for Arrest of t\)e President
of the Salt La^e StaKe of
the Mormon Church.
• SALT LAKE, Utah, July B.— A warrant was Issued this afternoon •
<j? from County Attorney Putman's office for the arrest of President An- g
jg gus M. Cannon of the Salt Lake Stake, charging him with unlawful co- $
<* habitation. The complaint was sworn to by Charles M. Owen, local rep- g
** resentative of a New York newspaper. The affidavit is as follows: c.
8 State of Utah. County of Salt Lake: 0
0 C. M. Owen, being first sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of S?
£• the United States and a resident and taxpayer of the city and county of Salt V
0' Lake; that he is informed and verily believes that on or about the 15th day of g
t* April, 1899, one Martha P. Hughes Cannon, State Senator of the Legislature j.
0 of ah, was delivered of an illegitimate child. That the aforesaid Martha
85 P. hughes Cannon is by common habit and repute in the community the plural j.
0 wife of Angus M. Cannon, president of the Salt Lake Stake of the Church of $
$: Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, and the aforesaid Angus Cannon is the 8?
0 father of said child, contrary to the provisions of sections 4209 and 4210 of 0
•* the compiled laws of the State of Utah, 1898. £
£• Mr. Owen cites a long list of witnesses in support of the above §5
0 charge, including F. S. Bascom, Sarah J. Cannon, wife of Angus M. 8
& Cannon; Martha P. Hughes Cannon, Lorenzo Snow, president of the g
# Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints; Governor Heber M. Wells, '&
%l George Q. Cannon, counsel of the First Presidency; Joseph F. Smith, «
# Heber J. Grant, John Henry Smith, John B. Winder, Aquila Nebecker, £>
♦* president of the State Senate, and J. T. Hammond, Secretary of State. 
;• Late in the afternoon Mr. Cannon's son, Attorney John M. Cannon, 0
0 appeared before a Justice of the Peace and accepted service on behalf of $%
§ his father, and also filed a bond for $300 for his father's appearance on 0
i? Friday next. g
#SS3BOBS£BBO •• O. ?S 05*O S8 DJB3KO2K& O**O *♦ C«O$O *8 0 ; S 0 .% O?i O%O.»iO?iO;i€>
vices from Richmond. Fort Bend Coun
ty, received here this evening, states
thai the work of distributing the
20,000 Government rations, which ar
rived h< re last night from Fort Sam
Houston, was carried on all day and
will be continued all night, in order t<>
relieve th.- terrible pangs of hundreds
of refugees who are being constantly
brought into the stricken town from
the outlying inundated districts.
The distribution of supplies is In
charge of State Hanger Captain L. I'
Sicker and two privates. Many of the
people who were supplied with rations
to-day had been wholly without food
for three days. In their weakened
condition they could hardly stand and
of them had to be lifted into the
boats.
Governor Sayers was notified to-day
ihat the 20,000 rations at Richmond
will not be sufficient to relieve the suf
fering at that plac and that further
aid is necessary.
Some remarkable incidents occurred
during the great rise of Brazos. Henry
Leffort, a well-to-do white planter, liv
ing In the bottoms east of Ouster. Bra
zoria County, was at home with his
family when his house was swept
away* The place had been surrounded
by water before they were aware of
their danger.
The house was a two-story structure,
and as it was carried down stream, Mr.
Leffort, wife and children made their
way to the bedroom, a second floor
room, by crawling through a hole cut
with a hatchet. The building was car
ried down stream over two miles, in
tact and in an upright position, and
finally lodged against two large cot
tonwood trees, where it has withstood
the ravages of the flood up to this time.
Mr. Leffort and family were rescued
to-day. When found he and his fam
ily were living on the roof of the house,
making the best of the situation. By
diving he had managed to obtain pro
visions fr^rn the first floor and they
had not suffered for food.
Numerous other incidents of an
equally remarkable nature are related
by reliable parties. Thomas B. Dra
vert, an experienced and prominent cot
ton man, arrived here this afternoon
from a four days' trip through the
flooded region, lie made a careful in
vestigation of the results of the inun
n on the cotton crop, and he says
that in his opinion the lops will amount
to fully 80 per cent of the cotton yield
in Central and South Texas. The corn
ciop loss is about 60 per cent. Mr. Dra
wn stated that the extent of the de
vastation cannot be imagined. A visit
to the stricken region is necessary in
order to fully realize the direful effects
of the terrible flood.
Colonel L. M. Oppenheimer, an ex
tensive tobacco planter of Montgomery
County, was here to-day. He estimates
that the heavy rains and high waters
have caused a loss of from 30 to 50 per
cent of the tobacco crop. The several
hundred leased State penitentiary con
victs who were, employed on sugar cane
plantations in Fort Bend County that
are now covered to a depth of several
feet of water were removed to higher
ground before the great rise came. No
information was received to-day from
the Harlem penitentiary farm, which is
under water.
Governor Sayers received a telegram
this afternoon from County Judge E. P.
Curry of Washington County, stating
that there are about 2000 destitute peo
ple in that county.
A telegram was received from S. R.
Blake of Belleville, Austin County, stat
ing that the people of that town have
fed 2000 people in the past three days,
and that the donations are exhausted.
The same telegram states that there
are 1200 destitute people gathered at a
point north of Seal; .
George D. Neal of Navasota notified
the Governor that there are 800 flood
sufferers at that place in absolute need.
These are only a few of the many
telegrams received telling of destitu
tion and hunger.
The Governor is directing the dis
tribution of money and supplies.
Among the cash contributions received
by him to-day were the following:
From the Mayor of Boston, Mass.,
I $3800; from the ML and T. Railway,
! $1000: from the National Enameling
, and Stamping Company of New York
• City, $1000; from the Hamilton Brown
Shoo Company of St. Louis, $500. Sev
eral thousand dollars were received
from the Mayors of Texas cities. Near
ly 10,000 of the Government rations
which arrived at Richmond last night
have been exhausted, and at the pres
ent rate all of the 20,000 rations will be
given out by to-morrow night.
Refugees are coming to Richmond In
boats from all neighborhood communi
ties, and in another day several
thousand will ho congregated there de
j pendent wholly on charity.
FORTY-FIVE THOUSAND
DEPENDENT ON CHARITY
AUSTIN, Texas. July B.— Governor Say
ers stated to-night to an Associated Press
correspondent that, judging from all the
reports he had received officially from the
j flooded districts, there had been great
j loss of property, both personal and cor
j porate; that hundreds of people had been
j bereft of their homes and belongings and
| that at present there were in the neigh
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 389^.
borhood of 45,000 people, the majority of
them being negroes, who were dependent
on public charity for sustenance.
The suffering of the waterbound refu
gees has been very great. The Governor
figures that the loss of life has been com
paratively small, not exceeding fifty per
sons. The heaviest farming losses will
fall upon the owners of the big planta
tions in the bottoms, who have lost ail their
crops and much of their personal pro pi rty
and are not being protected In the distri
bution of charity, which Is being- ex
pended only among the poor.
Up to to-night Governor Sayers has re
' $30,000 in money contributions from
this- State and from the Bast In addi
tion thereto he has sent out several car
loads of groceries which have been do
nated by different cities of the State.
Th.' situation is being well handled now.
everything having got down to s
tematic precision, :md the Governor stat .
to-night that by to-morrow every hungry
mouth in Texas would be looked after.
The waters are fast subsiding, and Gov
ernor Sayers !s confident that he will be
able to care 'or the poor of the State for
at least a week, after which time they
can secure employment in the flood
wrecked valley.
GALL INSECTS.
How They Make Material for Various
Inks and Dyes.
Oak apples, so called, are familiar ob
jects to almost every one, yet few under
stand their real nature. Many per
suppose them to be a port of fruity growth
of the tree on which they are found. Lie
sides the oak apples there are pimllar
swelling's and fruitlike growth?, some of
which are attached to twig? and are no
larger than cherries, while others grow
on leaves and are as large as a lien's egg,
hut of a more globular f'>rm. Some are
hard within, some soft hut woody In tex
ture; others are pithy or Bpongy, and still
others are nearly hollow, with strings or
fibers radiating from the center.
All kinds have In the middle a small.
h"!!<>\N\ pea-shaped or seedlike cell, which
contains the insect that is the real cause
of the growth. The irritation to the leaves
or twigs caused by these tiny insects
gives these abnormal growths the distinc
tive and appropriate name of 'Vails," by
which they have long been known.
<;nl! flies are among the must peculiar
of all the insect tribes. They belong to
the great order that includes the hees.
the wasps, the grnats and the ichneumon
flies, but they never sting or harm men '
or animals. The female gall fly. impelled
by the law of nature to provide for the ,
safety and welfare of her offspring, cuts
away the outer skin or hark of a leaf or
twig and deposits therein an egg. From
this is hatched a small white grub, with
out legs, but with a strong gnawlne
mouth. As it eats Its way into the sur
rounding tissue the plant Is seemingly in
vigorated, and begins to enlarge about the
tiny larvae and grow into a shape well
suited to its ne^ds as a place of conceal- !
meni and food supply. While all fli> - of
the same species develop galls ihat are
exactly alik.-. every species produces a
different form. Exactly why this Is so has
never been explained, yet we see parallel
instances everywhere in nature.
When the larva is full grown it is trans
formed in its narrow cell to a rey-e\ •■■!,
whitish pupa, helpless and almost motion
less, yet having rudimentary antennae,
legs and wings, which give promise of the
coming gail fly. This, in many species, is
a gayly colored insect, with red eyes,
more or less veined wings, a humped back
and an exceedingly long ovipositor. Thus
equipped it emerge? from fts confinement
and flies abroad, soon to deposit its egKs
In leaves and twigs and thus to cause
other galls.
Yet, strange to pay, the successive gen
erations of the same species differ widely
in appearance and even in color. From
galls made by tie spring brood are
hatched flies of the summer brood, whose
grubs winter in the Kails and produce the j
brood of the following spring. Not only ,
do thes- successive generations differ iii
appearance, but the summer brood con
sists of both sexes, while the spring brood
is <>f females only. In some specie!; one
brood is entirely black, while the follow
ing one is highly colored.
The blackberry has a gall fly which
gives exclusive attention to that plant,
and causes a hard swelling of the atrnis
filled with several cells each occupied by |
a grub. I think the Eight O'Clockers !
would find it interesting to gather some
of these curious galls, selecting those that
have turned brown, which shows that '
they have attained full growth. If they
are put into a receptacle that will admit
a little light and air, but will not allow
the gall fly to escape, the process of
hatching out may be observed, after
which the prisoner may be liberated. The
flies lire, often beautifully colored, some
with red and black bodies, others with
metallic green or blue reflections.
Oak galls are either spongy or woody.
The former are of no value to man. but
th. latter are largely used in the manu
facture of inks and dyes- This is due to !
the, fact that they contain a large per
centage of tannic acid, and when com
bined with certain salts of iron form
black, dark brown, or purple dyes, of ab
solutely permanent color. In our coun
try galls adapted to commercial purposes
cannot be found in sufficient quantities to
supply the demand. The galls exported i
from Aleppo, In Syria, are the most val
uable known for the manufacture of inks
and dyes. Ink used for important legal j
documents Is required, by the laws' of ]
England and France, to be made from
galls, such ink having proved to be prac
tically indelible.— Philadelphia Times.
FISHING IN SNOW.
A snow avalanche with very unusual
results is reported from Norway. It gave
the people of Christiania something to
talk about for a week. The unique phe
nomenon occurred among the low moun
tains back of the capital on March 31.
There had been an extraordinary fall of
■snow, and then came a big thaw, which
melted a great deal of the ice in the little |
Lilledal River. A very large number of ;
fish had their home in this stream, and :
What happened to them is the unusual
feature of this avalanche.
In the night a large mass of snow on
the hills on one side of the stream slipped
from the slopes and glided with great ve
lodty down into the river. The face of
the avalanche was about a mile in length
and for that distance it slid into the
river, not sharing the river bed with the
water, but violently ejecting the stream
and the iish living in it.
The force of that concussion must have '
been very great, for the water and fish
were hurled hundreds of feet. Next morn- '
ing the people were very much surprised
to find, high on the slopes of the hills
bordering the other side of the valley,
a great number of fish scattered over the
snow. For some days there was a most
unusual sort of fishing in progress. Men,
women and children were floundering
about in the snow gathering the fish in
baskets, and the people living along the
valley had all the fish they could eat
without baiting a hook.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-102J Mission.
FIGHTING THE OLD
BATTLES AGAIN
Veterans Gather Around
a Campfire.
EXCHANGE OF REMINISCENCES
STORIES OF THE LATE UNPLEAS
ANTNESS "SWAPPED."'
Wallace Reynolds Post and Relief
Corps Entertain the Warriors
Encamped at Santa
Cruz.
Sppclal Plppatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July B.— There was a
social entertainment and reunion last
evening at Camp Wallace Reynolds under
the auspices of Wallace Reynolds Pust,
Woman's Relief Corps, of Santa Cruz.
The assembly tent was crowded with old
soldiers and guests, who heartily ap
plauded every number on the programme.
Judge A. J. Buckles, who had just ar
rived in camp, gave an address. There
was a song by the Stansbury family of
Capitola; a recitation by Miss Edith
Young of Soquel; male quartet, Dr. 'F. W.
Bliss, E. B. Plxley, Charles Fitch and A.
Williams; recitation, "Two Old Tramps."
Bessie Patton; recitation, Miss Edith
Young: music, Stansbury family; song,
"America."
Afterward all gathered about the larg?
campfire and "swapped" stories of the
war.
The veterans are so well pleased with
the treatm'-nt they are receiving, and
especially with last night's entertainment,
that this morning the executive commit
tee met and adopted the following:
Whereas, The veterans, thfir families and
friends here encamped, sincerely appreciate the
generous efforts of th» good people of Santa
Cruz to make them as comfortable as possible;
and whereas, the ladies and comrade! of Wal
lace Reynolds Relief Corps and Posi last night
provided an excellent social entertainment here
In camp, thereby laying us under additional
obligations, therefore be It
Resolved, That the North Central California
Veterans' Reunion Association, and all cammed
with said association, hereby offer tj -■ r heart
felt thanks anil hereby assure th<" patriotic
citizens of Santa Cruz and especially the Santa
Cruz Relief Corps ladies ami Grand Army
comrades, and all who have Interested them
selves In our behalf, that we will carry home
with us a lasting remembrance of the long
established generosity and patriotism of. the
Santa Cruz people for the encampment.
This noon Department Commander Dlil
arrived from San Luis Obispo. !!<■ was
nun by Major Starck and a committee at
tht- depot and given a royal welcome In
camp.
The interior <>f the assembly tent was
elaborately decorated to-day and a plat
form built' for the giving of the entertaln
ments. This evening the programme wag
in chars-- of the San Jose people. Judge
A. J. Buckles of Vacayille delivered an
address.
To-morrow th» members of the camp
will attend services at the Methodist
church.
WOMEN WHO NEVER SPEAK.
The Sisters of St. Bernard, in the
Shadow of the Pyrenees.
The severity of the Bernardines of Ang
let. Sisters of Pt. Bernard, most res -m
hies that of the famous Trappist monks.
The nuns take a vow of perpetual silence,
The nunnery is situated in the southwest
corner of France, on the borders of Spain,
ami under the shadow of the Pyrenees.
It was founded by the Abbe Ceatae.
Every hour of the day is carefully
mapped out. Each time the big clock "f
the monastery chimes thr> hour, every
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
The Old Reliable and Long Established Specialist,
He has the best equipped surgical and medical offices on the
Pacific Coast.
He is the most scientific and experienced specialist for 1 dis-
eases of men and worn in in the United States.
He has j^ucressfully treated and cured more stubborn and
. difficult diseases than all other specialists combined.
He has ail the latest improved electrical appliances, including
static, faradic and galvanic electricity.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER WEAK, NERVOUS MEN-J^ggg
. shattered nervous system caused by
Z <a^&£*%£^. ** overwork, excesses and self-abuse, re-
O»r^ O suiting in weakness of body and brain,
It" . »-j night emissions, losses in the urine,
h&Wf \ ~ dizziness, falling memory, lack of con-
t"" Mti£ ■ * CD fidence and ambition, pains In the
•*■* rrj |»&[ sm**, ***Si ' *T5 C back, loins and kidneys, and other
hrTi IC^ ■s**??*' v^^l • XT' r" I distressing symptoms, unfitting one
(U \rvt ~" v I ' or buiiilles s or pleasure.- My special
J d \".'mL, {*%*€ I HI "^ system of treatment will cure YOU,
ID f_L Sk,"« /'^fifev 4 TV *t* restore your physical and sexual
Tz . ffv.-ilaP^~^HtJ& ■, health and make you once more a
CC 4&*f*w£f J^^"' H man among men, no matter who or
gr 'M%vsw^z£- W*s*2 i what has failed -
© Hui S§ § ! STOMACH-£ atarrh - ulceratlon and
»j i&AUSiStS^^-i.^^^iuS&f 2 dyspepsia, indigestion,
weakness, pain and fullness after eat-
DOCTOR SWEANY, Ing. heartburn, etc. fulln ™ " ur c " :
Tho OH Rpliah'p SnprNht RIiPTtRE- c v , ed b >' ™* new method
I lie Ulu ncildUiC O(JtU...i,, without knife, truss or de-
-22 Years' Experience. tention from work— a painless, sure
mcrictc OF RFfTIIM -Fistula. and Permanent cure. ; , v ,
DISEAbti KttltM piu B . VARICOCELE-Hya™e swelling and
(hemorrhoids) internal or protruding, j ™nn-W-«-[- tf j, dfrness . of the * "«
itchings, excoriations, etc.. positively ; and g i an( treated with unfading sue-
cured without the use of knife. ( . ess &
RHEUMATISM. Sciatica -n^himbago CONTAG , OUS BLOOD POISON
cured by my new method of treatment. : Syphilis and all diseases of the blood
ALL PISFASES OF WOMEN ! promptly and thoroughly cured and
•nost successfully treated and promptly every trace of the poison eradicated
>:ured by his combined electro-medical '< from the system forever, restoring
treatment. '':.;', I health and purity.
AA7RTTP' If you cannot call at the office, fully describe your symptoms
V¥ fi 11 XJ an a you will receive in plain envelope a scientific and honest
opinion of your case and a book of valuable information free of charge.
Office Hours— From Ba.m.toB p. m. Sundays— lo a. m. to Ip. m.
F.L. SWEANY, M.D., 737 Market St., S.F.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great ,i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
. A Ok .. 1051iamTST.tet.6iht7th,S.r.W. , i
T Of ■ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
fiesTa?) 1 <'■'<• ' po»in»>-ir cnrxl contracted m
JBBaffl diwa<,e posiii'rl; rurml by tl.tr oldest T
% g]P jal Specialist on the Coau. Est 36>e.ir«. #
A jj«3ff ft DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES j
\ BdDßf^B Consultation frre and «tri't!y private \
I E XSWR Trratmeni iirr!,fn.illy or liy letter. A i I
\ B flr' Tl B " > *" Iti * Cureia every case undertaken.
API '■ II A Write for Book. PHIIOSdrnV of a |
V i I 11 n*BRI«KE, MAILED FRIiU. (A 1
A■ i* '11 valuable book for """"I ':• .1
W »K. JORDAN CO.. 1051 Market .St., 8. F. V
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invigorator and Ncr-
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merita.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
nun falls on her knees and spends a few
moments in prayer. Out in the fields it
is marvelous to see how well the oxen
know these chimes. Directly they hear
them they stop instinctively, starting on
their way again the instant the sisters
rise from their knees. T,he Bernardines
have no fear of death. Indeed, on the
contrary, they long for it. When Die
first superior of their order lay dying,
she had an interview with one of the
nuns, who implored her to intercede <>n
\ r behalf in heaven that she too nngnt
die soon. The superior smiled and in an
Inspired voice said that in a month her
request should be granted. On the day
of the burial, just as the coffin was
closed, the nun drew near the body,
whispered in its ear and slipped a note
Into the dead hand, imploring the super
ior not to forget her promise. Jusr a
month from that date the nun. too,
passed away, and so the promise was ful
filled.
WORK OF ART
That Was Too Natural to Please a
High-Toned Saloonist.
The trials of an artist are many and
sore, but one encountered recently by a
young New Yorker who earns a scanty
living -with his pencil and brush has its
ludicrous side also. Though his heart is
true to "art for art's sake," the exigen
cies of rent, clothes and food make neces
sary an occasional resort to trick paint
ing. at which he is clever; and a liquor
dealer who was about to open a new and
expensively decorated saloon gave him an j
order for "something that wjil put the
laugh on a fresh customer. Design,
size, etc., were left wholly to the artist;
price not to exceed $75; acceptance subject
to approval.
The artist cudgeled his brains for a
time, and then, procuring a small, rough
deal box, about twelve inches long arnl
six inches wide, spread his canvas on tue
inside of the bottom of it and painted
thereon about a half pint of broken pea
nut shells and a handful of pea
nuts. He executed the work so well that
when the box. which had no cover, was I
set on a table or bar and tilted back
against the wall temptation for a man
fond of peanuts to reach into the box for
one was almost irresistible, and the artist
tried the trick upon some of his own
friends with success before taking it to
the liquor dealer.
Up asked $G0 for it, and felt that the
money was as good as in his pocket, but
to his intense disgust the man of spirits
would not accept it, and when press id
for his reason would give no satisfactory
explanation. A friend of the artist, who
had thf confidence of the rumstller, un
dertook to find out.
"They were too natural altogether."
said the art patron, "and some of my
customers who do not care for peanuts,
seeing the i>i>x standing at the end of my
bar, might go away undeceived and think
I was selling peanuts. That would never
<1" Now, if it had been some rare trop
ical fruit, or even burned almonds, that
might do. but peanuts, never; not in this
high-toned place-^-tney are too cheap."--
New York Trlhune.
OF STUTTERING
This Soldier Was Cured by a Mauser
Bullet.
The curious freaks ih" Mauser oullet
has performed in its coursings through
the syst< ms of fighting Americans in tho
late wars have resulted in some oueer
The latest is the experience of Pri
vate H. E. Redmond, Company C, Fi.'-t
Colorado Volunteer Infantry, who when
he enlisted stuttered so badly that the
recruiting officer came near leaving him
r,ff the rolls. Private Redmond was wound
ed in the battle of Mariquina on March 31.
Now his wound is healed and he stutters
no more.
A Mauser bullet struck him in the face,
passed diagonally downward through his
mouth and made its exit near the back of
hi? neck. It was considered a frightful
wound hy the surgeons, but Redmond pro
ceeded to recover even faster than pa
tients with less painful injuries. Now all
that can he seen of the wound is a .small
livid spot to the left of the nn?e ami
above the upper lip. Redmond .'hews
hard tack with the greatest zest and tells
stories he has not heen able to finish in
years on account of his halting speech.
Tie Insists that the Mauser bullet carried
away his vocal impediment. —Manila Oor
rcsponden! New York Sun.
No person in Norway may spend more
than *> cents at one visit to a drinking
place.
NOTICE.
Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1899.-
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Supervisors of the City antl County of San
Francisco, City Hall building, second flour July
4, ISS9.
Public notice Is hereby given, In accordance
with section No. 3654 of the Political Code, that
the Assessment Book of the City and County of
San Francisco, for the year 1899, has been com-
pleted and delivered to me, as Clerk of the
Eoard of Supervisors, together with the map
b}ok"J and statements, and will be open for ex-
amination in this office from 9 o'clock a. m. to
4 o'clock p. m., and that said Board of Super- '
visors met to examine the Assessment Book •
and equalize the assessment of property therein ■
on MONDAY AFTERNOON. July 3, 1899. at 2
o'clock, and will thereafter continue in session
from time to time until the business of equal-
ization presented to them Is disposed of, but not
later than the 17th day of July, 1899.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real, estate and personal property are required
to h<» verified by oath.
Public notice Is also given, that In accordance
with sections 1897. 1899 a»d 3854 of the Political
Code, the Military Roll has been completed, de-
livered nver to me and Is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided by law.
JOHN A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ____>^~~ ~-
SECOND WEEK OF OUR
SEMI-ANNUAL
BEGINS TO-mORROU/.
The GREAT BARGAINS offered will be in line with last week's remarkable induce-
ments. Additional lines of goods have been included in this week's great offering.
■ The immense crowds of the past week assure greater crowds for the coming week.
GLOVE BARGAIN EXTRAORDINARY!
135 dozen 2-clasp Pique Walking Gloves, in white, black, brown, navy, green, tan
and $?$& BB^SSafEb^A^^^r.^.r^.^.iir 85c
SILK DEPARTMENT 1 | DOMESTIC DEPT-|
Cll V PDCMAniMFQ— _ " n Pieces Corded Dimities and Fancy Or-
OlL^ unLnMUIIILO pandas, in very pretty designs and color-
-24-ln. all-silk Fancy Grenadines, black and lngs _ th . havP f ,,,,. n se m g at 15c, 12MsC and
colored grounds; in very handsome designs, Oc yard; clearance price • t>r*
that have been selling: at $1 and £Lt}Q yard WV
$1 25 a yard; clearance price. .yard « vv DCDPAI CO
ClllPV Cll j/p rLnUHLtO
IAIiUI OIL NO , i About 100 pieces best quality S6-lnch
1200 yards extra heavy quality, rlcti tanij / American Percales: in light, medium and
Silks; in stripes, plaids and neat small ng- dark co i or ings; regular 12% c «iual- fl l r*
ures; this season's styles and colorings. jty . c i earance price yard Wv
Sa;c e nHce J \ 5 °;.?!.^.. and yar $ f { ; 75C MAQRAS SUITINGS-
-01 »PV TICCCTAQ ' 36-inch imported Madras Suitings; fast
bLAIiIV lArrtlAO Oll .^. ;■•" colors; every yard won 20c; ear |Q l c
2000 yards Genuine Swiss Taffeta Silks .1 ftn( . e ice yard lXr2V-
inches wide; extra good quality, with a D , . U VcTC
high luster; regular price $1; clear- «§£ BIANKtIO
ance price > ard v »^ rw ; 5 cases largre slze White All-Wool Call-
PODnCn TAFFFTA'v i fornla Blankets; made of extra quality
IUnUtU lArrtlAO w0 ,,, ; silk bound in pretty borders: re v
This season's latest styles; Cable Cord , ar price $- 50 a pair; clear- CQ.fl.i
Taffeta Silk; in new shades of blue. pink. nnce prlce pair tJJO
cyrano. corn, turquoise and green; £l p «£ !lt ] nil I niii PICCC
for waists; worth $1 a yard; clear-f>r) c PILLOW CAotb
ance price >' ard VFVrw , 1()0 dozen hemstitched Pillow Cases: good
, ■ — ■ _, I quality muslin: size 46x36; regular <> 1 c
1 DRESS GOODS DEP'T | E |° s c i_ clearance I!i 1^
■ " — ————— oHhtlo —
SCOTCH CHEVIOTS- i--:.T-± m s . IS dozen hemmed sheets: made of good
40-lnch all-wool- Scotch Cheviot Suitings; Q«"*7 Meeting: size 72x90; regular price
in tan and gray ' check eftects and oS-incn «ci c earance price eaon 4 dC
whipcord mixtures: in every shade: very >
cfeartnc? JrtS" ~^???ySS 25C , I BIG REDUCTIONS IN LADIES'
FRENCH NOVELTY SUITINGS- WASH AND SILK WAISTS
anWrnch'S 1 "co^Tufted'su.Uns^ln ! It's time or the seller to clear out Sum-
bue brown tan and green; former price ■ m Pr Waist«, and it's the buyer's great op-
?sc ''an? 750 a yard clearance Q= c portunity to get genuine bargains; come to-
p rice ...!'........' yard oOC : morrow; it will pay you.
Dl API/ All Wfini GRFNAMNF?. — 25 dozen Cotton Waists, this season's
BLAUK ALL-WUUL bntnAUintO Styles, that have been selling at <j = c
3? inches wide: in choice open designs; ji'so and Jl 25; clearance price.each •"V
former price »sc; clearance price.^ QQ Q 20 dozen Cotton Waists: thl? season's
BLACK CREPONNES- styles and colorings; regular $2 Cjl->
BLACK GREPONNES— waist; clearance price each O& —
42-ln brilliant English Creponnes; hand- BUGK SILK WAISTS—
ErZnS v aiu c e XC a 1 llete n t 5 a lit v'ard K rS4 h^ I , i:^' ] thrlgho^ th^'^s^s lateTcu^
clearance price ... :yard 85C UnJ assorted styles: broken lines
TORCHON LACES— 8X were sold at V6O and $* 50; C4.W
3f"oV-ards Patent Torchon Lace Edgings clearance price V'" A " each &<* —
and Insertions; 2to 3V4 Inches wide; pretty pni nnrn Pill/ Wk CJC
SSfSSSi ffi^.^^^ 5C U i L a U de" S-i^coISJSJ taner silks: this
LADIES' WRAPPERS- F^ShSS ? 5 rok a d eB 4fg^
18 dozen ladies" extra quality assorted clearance price each tj> i —
Lawn and Percale Wrappers; extra wide.; r-n V PETTICOATS
in very choice patterns; with ruffled OILIV rCIIIUUHIO
flounces collars and cuffs; braid trimmed: 10 dozen: made of extra quality Taffeta
very fine fittings: all sizes; regular $2 50 Silk; in all the newest shades and bla ck
wrappers; clearance p^-::-each $1— l h^e were sold^at_ o. .clear- £ 4± ,
(SEES WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
"
BEKNARD SHAW ON CRITICISM.
On onp occasion when writing of honest
anri rlishonest dramatic criticism Bernard
Shaw the well-known London critic, re-
I markpd that "the respect inspired by good
i criticism is permanent, while the irrita
'' tinn it causes is temporary and the con
tempt it inspires is permanpnt." To this
rather striking phrase Mr. Shaw added
! the following expressions, which are well
worth reprinting:
The cardinal guarantee for a critic a
integrity is simply the force of the criti
! cal instinct itself. To try to prevent me
: from criticizing by pointing out to me the
< superior pecuniary advantages of pumng
' is like trying to keep a young Irving from
i going on the stage by pointing out the
Superior pecuniary advantages of stock
]'f my own father were an actor-man
-1 aper and his life depended on his getting
I favorable notices of his performances, I
should orphan myself without an in
! «=tant's hesitation if he acted badly. I am
i by no moans the willing victim of this
: instinct. T am keenly susceptible to con
trary Influences— to flattery, which 1 swaJ-
J low "greedily if the quality is sufficiently
Tgood- to thp need of money, to private
i friendship or even acquaintanceship, to
I the pleasure of giving pleasure and the
■ pain of giving pain, to considerations tor
i people's circumstances and prospects, to
personal likes and dislikes, to sentimental
ity, pity, chivalry, pugnacity and mis
chief, laziness and cowardice and a dozen
; other human conditions which make the
: critic vulnerable; but the critical instinct
gets the better of them alt. I spare no
. effort to mitigate its humanity, trying to
detect and strike out of my articles any
thing that would give pain without doing
any good Those who think the things I
say BeveYe or even malicious, should just
see the things I do not say. 1 dp my best
i to be partial, to hit out at remedial abuses
rather than at accidental shortcomings,
and at strong and responsible people rath
er than weak and helpless ones. And yet
■ all my efforts do not alter the result very
i much So stubborn is the critic within me
' that with every disposition to be as good
natured and as popular an authority us
i the worst enemy of art could desire. I am
to all intents and purposes incorruptible.
! And that is how the dramatist-critic, If
only he is critic enough, "slates" the
actor-manager in defiance of the interest
,he has in conciliating him. He cannot
: help himself any more than the ancient
1 mariner could help telling his story. And
1 the actor-manager can no more help lis
: tening than the wedding guest could. In
short the better formula would have been
: that 'a man is either a critic or not a
; critic" that to the extent to which he is
one he will criticize the managers in spite
i of heaven or earth, and that to the extent
to which he is not he will flatter them
i anyhow, to save himself trouble.
MARRIAGE CUSTOMS
In Norway That Seem Strange to the
- : : . • Casual Visitor.
i Wedding presents in Norway are not of
the expensive but useless kind that they
are with us. Tiny consist of such things
as pots and pans,_* plates and dishes, a
feather bed, half a dozen sheep, a sack
of potatoes, etc. Sir G. W. Dasent says
that the Norwegians, in reference to mar
riage as to other things, put their best
foot foremost and try to make the most
of things generally. A lad went out to
woo a wife. Among other places he came
to a farmhouse • where the people were
very poor, but they wanted to make him
think that they were well-to-do. Now
the father had got a new arm to his coat.
"Pray, take a seat," he said to the
wooer, "but there's a shocking dust in the
house." So he went about wiping all the
benches and tables with his new coat
sleeve, but he kept the other behind his
[back. The wife had one shoe much better j
than the other, and she went stamping
and sliding with it up against the stools'
and chairs, saying, "How untidy it is
here; everything" is out of its -place!"
Then they called out to their daughter to
come and put- things to rights, but she
had got a new cap. so she t>ut her head in
at the door and kept nodding and nod
ding, first to this side and then to that.
"Well, for my part,' she said, "I can't
be everywhere at once." In this way 'he
wooer was led to believe that he had come
to a well-to-do household. Many super
! stitions prevail in Sweden wit!
1 marriage. It is said that if a girl be fond
; of cats she will not be an old maid. ;is
I we should say, but have a hright day Cor
I her wedding. The Swedish bride somi -
! times wears a eoronei or myrtli . or, when
that is not procurable, of colored paper.
Here, as in Norway and other countries
of Northern Europe, then- is too much
eating and far too much drinking at v. •
: dings. In Sweden the repasts on th<
casions continue for hours. When asked
to take your place at the table it is con
. sidered polite to make as stout a reslst-
I ance as possible. During the repast a col
lection is made for the bride and some
■ times also for the poor of the parish. In
Siberia there is a good custom that a
bride, on coming to her husband's hous^,
i has to give a dinner prepared with her
I own hands as a test of t li* ■ education she
has received. If she succeeds in gratify
! ing her guests it is taken as a proof not
only of the young woman's own cx
i cell'ence, but also as a recommendation of
j her whole family by whom she was ln
j structed so usefully. — Cassell's Magazine.
In lie proceedings of the Royal Insti
tute of Lombardy Signor Angelo An
dres deals with the Interpretation of
death among the lower animals. The
writer starts with the conception that
living organic matter docs not in itself
possess any reason for dying, and that,
on the other hand, this reason pertains
to single individuals; In other words,
that living matter remains in itself im
mortal and that only the modality of
the individual dies.
PTfS'fl Dependable
The man °"
.11 the
Comtry
Need pay no more for his drugs, '
| medicines or toilet articles than
I the city man,
Country people can depend
\on our drugs. None better;
none as cheap. Careful pack-
ing; prompt shipping. Free
I delivery on £5 orders to rail-
road points within 100 miles. I
Send money -with order.
Paine's Celery Compound
Few druggists can afford to
sell it at our price. Most of 60c
them charge $1,
• Cuticura Soap
We sell this for less money
than some druggists pay for 15c
it. You usually pay 25c.
Allen's Female Restorative
Safe and permanent cure for
ulceration, inflammation and _ nf>
falling of the womb, and all 7 ut -
diseases peculiar to women.'
Berg's Crown Soap
For the kennel and stable.
Cures mange and sores; keeps 2OC !
the hair of animals soft and 4u^
glossy; kills fleas. : ;/:'.
•Daoecisir^-,^^y|jss
1128 Market St. ./^«k
Tel. Sou^h 356. Sap Francisco
icth and Broadway, (Tel. Main 309) OaklandTHE DIREFUL CONSEQUENCES
OF THE BELVEDERE DROUGHT
o T is remarkable, hut It Is none the
less true. It is hard to account for,
j| but still it is. No one will credit
<Li It. yet It is a fact, substantiated
beyond the peradventure of a
dnubt. The fierce hill tribes that In
habit the mountain fastnesses of Bel
yclept the "beautiful" by those
who own land there which they desire
to dispose of — are sore because they
have no fresh water.
Do they miss it as a beverage? No.
of course not. Who ever heard of a
Marin County aborigine drinking
water when there was anything else
in sight? But they need it for a va
riety of other purposes, and there is
none in sight. That is, there is none
nearer than the railway tank at the
ferry landing, and that is a long way
to go for a canful when one wishes to
h the flowers that ornament
front porch. Consequently Bel
vedere Is dead sore and the proud flesh
is hourly becoming more sensitive.
Some one must be to blame. Some one
is. Thst some one is John Coop, su
perintendent of the Belvedere Land
Company. -Why John Is to blame no
one seefns to know exactly. But, as
whenever a great misfortune visits a
locality, some one has to be the scape
goat, and as John doesn't seem to
worry himself much about the matter
either one way or the other, why. John
might just as well be chosen to bear
the blame as any other goat on the
hillside.
The Belvedere Land Company has a
franchise granted it by the hamlet of
Belvedere, which the public-spirited
citizens residing therein incorporated
into a city some time ago. Why the
Land Company should have a fran
chise of any sort no one seems to
know. But as soon as the little place
across the bay began to put on the
Btyle of a metropolis it was necessary
to grant some sort of a franchise to
LIKE THE SIAMESE TWJLtfS.
Girl Babies Joined Together by a
Link of Flesh.
JEFFERSONVIL.L.E, Ind., July B.— Mrs.
James Huffman to-day gave birth to
twin girl?. Joined together by a link of
flesh eight inches long and four inches in
which extends from the pubic
of the sternum. The base
of the union is perfectly firm and the
• -loped in every par
ticular. They came face to face, and with
xceptlons all the organs of
tive bodies were perfect. It
is feared they will not live.
Policeman Falls Dead.
SANTA CRUZ, July <■ — Officer S. I. Nor
ton, while standing in front of a cigar
ptore on Pacific nvc-rue this evening,
dropped dead from heart failure. He had
been on the police force for several years.
He was a f Cowa, 65 years of age.
Horton Berved 'luring the civil war.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
flf \*T] ===== every worn-
If l\ / f l '' 1 an's ear,
/' I V I and when that time comes
lj . !/ J it is a woman's duty to
/ I J ft think twice before she
'j / \ 1 answers. She should
— { / \ \ . think once for herself,
*"- v - — .r---~^-- and once for the man who
has chosen her for his life companion.
If she is suffering from a torturing, drag-
ging weakness or disease so prevalent with
her sex, she has no right to answer " Yes "
until her health is restored. If she does,
she will be wretched and ill herself and her
home will be an unhappy one. Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription is a scientific remedy
that cures all weakness, disease, disorder
and derangement of the delicate and im-
portant feminine organs. It is not a "cure-
all," but a medicine devised to correct this
one class oi" disorders and no other. It
has accomplished its purpose in tens of
thousands of cases, as is shown by tens of
thousands of testimonials of the grateful
patients themselves. It imparts vigor and
virility to the entire womanly organism,
and is the best of all nerve tonics and re-
storatives. It fits fur wife and mother-
hood. It transforms weak, nervous, de-
spondent invalids into healtlsy, happy
women. .
11 I was so weak I could scarcely walk about
the hous»*," writes Mrs. Mattie Scruggs, of
Allen's Creek, iherst Co., V:. " Was reduced
to a mere skeleton. I -.•..-«< never free from pain
in the back and head and could not sjeep at
nitfht. I bought three bottles of Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription and 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery' and two vials of,' Pleasant Pellets.' After
taking these six weeks I fell like a new person ;
slept well and grained in flesh. I am doing all
my own housework and we have nine in the
faiaily."".- ;.
rA man or woman who neglects
constipation suffers from slow
poisoning. Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets cure constipation. One
little "Pellet" is a gentle laxa-
tive, ' and two a mild cathartic.
All medicine dealers sell them.
No other pills are "just as good."
TROUBLES OF THE DRY ABORIGINES.
some one, so a franchise was granted
to the Belvedere Land Company to do
pretty much as it pleased in any old
way or In any old matter.
Houses wore built on the hillside,
families moved into them and all was
merry as a marriage bell. The only
Thing lacking was water. The Land
Company came to the rescue, and, like
Moses of old, smote upon the rock until
a bright, limpid stream gushed forth.
Then the Land Company began to
lay pipes. It laid them on the hillsides
and in the valleys; it placed them on
the mountaintops; it buried them un
derneath the sands of the beach. It
not only attempted to supply private
families but extended its patronage to
laundries, power-houses and hotels aa
well. The reservoir could not stand
the strain on its resources. It sank
lower and lower until, finally giving up
In despair. It went under altogether,
and on the night of July 3 refuse>d to be
worked for another drop.
This is the tale the residents tell.
Mr. John Coop, the superintendent, as
far as can be learned, ascribes the
cause of the drought to a breakage In
the pumping machinery, which will in
time be remedied.
Whatever the cause the effect Is
chaos.
The lights in the hotel, which are
supplied by gas generated by a water
power engine, took a night off and
went out. The guests went in and were
foicf-d to grope their way about the
halls with the aid of wax candles,
tallow dips, lanterns, matches, fire
flies or anything that would make a
glimmer. Luckily, as many young men
were over there passing their Fourth
of July holiday, the girls were able to
provide themselves with sparks, by
whose aid they were enabled to com
fortably penetrate into the darkest re
cesses of the most crooked corridors. ■
The confusion of the night of July
3 reached the proportions of a panic
ROBINSON IS
AGAIN TAKEN
IN THE FOLD
Committee Rescinds \
Its Former Action.
MANY BILLS ORDERED PAID
AFTEHMATH OF THE FOURTH OF
JULY CELEBRATION.
At Another Meeting the Business of
the Committee Will Be Com
pleted — Schnee Matter
Considered.
The Fourth of July committee met In
• \- . utlve session yesterday afternoon to
wind up Itfl carper and reconsider the ex
m of Colonel T. P. Robinson from
Its rank:-. Robinson was taken back
within the fold by unanimous action, the
committee finding that, the charts
against Robinson were not substantiated
by the evidence.
The auditing committee made a partial
report. All the bills they presented were
i on by the committee. They were
taken up serlatum and voted upon. About
$1000 in bills unpaid still require auditing,
which will be done at the next meeting.
The bills passed yesterday were as fol
'.'■•■<, - :
California fireworks, flags, etc.,
$11 36; League of the Cross, $lvo; decor
atlon of carriages. $i.'. 75; Hencke band,
$105; Yon der Mehden band, $li»o; An
drew Banser (Uncle Sam), $10; Profws-
Bor McKenzie, $-5; Spencer band, iVi'.
newspapers, $o 10; rent of hall, %'!•);
Hamilton Evening School. $25; Ritzau
Land. $105; Press Club quartet, $25; M-
M. I'.'.um, $33; Cellerius band. $W5;
badges. $56 75; Theraux band, $119; in
vitations, Dodge & Co., $35; Triest-Ro
senherg Cap Company,' $68 25: Metro
politan Temple, $25; Dijeau band, $103;
horse and buggy four days, $6; decor
ating Grand Hotel, $10; A. J. Levin,
office, etc.. $10 30; Model Sign Company,
$0 50; rubber Btainps, ?1 25; newspapers,
$175; regatta, $520; A. J. Levin. 1123;
J. L Holland, $5; G. Becker, $50; Hay
den Printing Company. $3 75; Harry
W. Merritt. 7."> cents; My sell, Rollins «<c
Co., $15'); Anna C Busteede, $2; rent,
$60; 'J. R. Flete*her, Incidentals, $112;
flag. $10; fireworks. $1500; Hebrew Or
phan band, $26; Allen band, $119; Cog
glne band, $ISS.
Gc-orge \V. Herrin, chairman of the
finance committee, reported that he made
a demand upon Gustavua Schnce for SS7.
Schnee's book showed that but $45 25 had
been Collected, bo the check was returned
to Schnee and the money collected turned
ir.to the fund. Herrin has not. yet com
pleted h!s report. "When the Robinson
matter was up for consideration P. J.
Walsh moved for the exoneration of Jolm
Chretien.- There was no second to the
motion. The meeting adjourned until
Tuesday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
when the morning of the Fourth
dawned.
All sorts of fireworks had been
stored up in preporation for th<= day,
but no one had the courage to set them
off. If the grass should catch fire.
where was the water with which to
extinguish the blaze? Some f.- — ven
turesome spirits suggested swimming
out to the center of Kichardsons Bay
and holding the night's display there.
The idea, however, was not generally
adopted. The Fourth was a compara
tive failure from a small boy's point
of view. It could not even be called a
first-class fizzle. There was not enough
water in tne town to make one.
Since the Fourth things have con
tinued in the same way. No relief has
as yet appeared, and the- residents
have been driven to a point of despera
tion which verges on insanity. In some
the l a 1 1• r distressing taint is already
beginning to make Itself strongly
manifest.
Indignation meetings are held on the
boat every nighl and morning. They
ar» general. Private and select meet
ings are held nightly In the various
homes and the language of the strong
man is frequent and painful and
free.
The Belvedere Land Company is
threatened with lawsuits and i 11 sorts
of horrible things and its agent Is
made the subject of popular (or un
popular) demonstration. But it avall
eth not.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co.. who rep
resent the Belvedere Land Com
pany, say they know nothing about it.
John <'onp, their superintendent, turn
ing a deaf car to the contumely that
is being heaped upon him. goes on in
the even tenor of his way. undisturbed
by the storm that rages about his de
voted h<=-ad. The milkmen are follow
ing each other through insolvency,
and the residents wh»n they want
water for washing or cooking pur
poses are forced to chase the duck.
EDITORS AT OUTS.
Legal Fight Over the Calaveras
County Delinquent Tax List.
SAN ANDREAS. July B.— C. \V. Get
cheii, publisher of the Calaveras Pros
pect, brought proceedings against County
Auditor Jack to-day to prevent him pay
ing the claim of the Calaveras Citizen for
the. publication- of the delinquent tax list.
Getrhell went before the Board of Super
visors at the May meeting and demanded
that the board advertise for bids Dis
trict Attorney McSorley advised the hoard
to proceed and fix the rat'\ which it did
at 75 cents pf-r nama, also advising Tax
Collector Wesson to place the printing at
bis discretion. Wesson gave it to tue
Citizen. (Jetciiell c:. rri'-'l the case to tne
Supreme Court, but it couTS not be heard
in time to prevent publication. He was
advised to enjoin County Auditor Jack
from auditing the claim "when presented.
Want Assessments lieduced.
WOODLAND. July B.— The Supervisors
will meet next Monday as a Board of
Equalization. Farmers believe that they
are paying more than their proportion of
taxes, and it is said that a persistent ef
fort will be made to induce the bo^nl to
make a substantial reduction in the as
sessments of farming land?.
Death of Elias Gerge_\
SANTA CRT'Z, July B.— Elias Gerger
died to-day. He was a native of Penn
sylvania and 71 years old.
NOW IT'S A REWARD
FOR PRETTY AH MOY
THE trial? and tribulations of Ah
Moy, the pretty Chinese maiden
who was ruthlessly torn from
the protecting arms of her
frlon'ls about two weeks ago by
Wong Chuck Hlng, may never be
told, but that the friends of the girl
are anxious for her recovery is evi
denced by the degree of excitement
that rages in the Chinese quarter of
the city.
Fong Fat, who claims to ho the near
est friend of the girl, has exhausted
every resource known to the police
and detective force of the city and has
now come to the conclusion that the
best way to regain the girl is through
the cupidity of man, and he has sent
forth word that any one who brings
the girl to him at his place of business,
1116 Stockton strr-ft. will be rewarded
to the extent of 1300.
That Fong Fat has at last arrived
at the correct mode of procedure is
evidence", by the activity that is be
ing displayed by the men who make
their living by deeds of daring. The
highbinder tongs will now .try to do
that which the police force gave up
in despair.
When Ah Moy was taken away it
was given out by the friends of the kidnaper that the girl went -willingly and
was to be the wife of Wong Chuck. Hing. Later developments, however. Indi
cate that it was a clear case of kidnaping-, and now the friends of the girl
are determined that she shall be recovered, for they are assured that the
sole Intent of taking away the maiden was to compel her to lead a life of
slavery. For.g Fat. who represents the girl's family in the matter, says that
since the proper authorities cannot aid them in getting the girl away from her
abductors he will give the sum of $300 to any one who returns her to him.
ANARCHY AND
BLOODSHED IS
THEIR STORY
Wrong and Trouble in
Guatemala.
CUPIDITY IS THE CAUSE
PEESLDENT CABREBA PICTURED
AS A HUMAN FIEND.
Letters From Central America Which
Portray a Scene of Confusion
and Demoralization in All
Walks of Life.
From private advices received in this
city last night from San Jose de Guate
mala it appears that that unfortunate
country is agrain In the throes of
internecine war, or something' very much
resembling war. The mercantile con
fidence of the community has been so
shaken that business is practically at a
standstill and. exchange has reached the
enormous premium of 500 on United States
gold.
The cause for all this seems to be the
desire of the new President, Estrada Ca
brera, to call in enough gold to redeem
the six millions of worthless paper cur
rency which he issued some time ago. Th<?
methods he is pursuing to acquire this
immense sum are peculiarly those of the
average Central American President.
Picking out those of hiß countryman of
known wealth or great financial r>axking\
he proposes that they lend him a certain
sum on what he tells them is good se
curity. The penalty of refusal Is death
or confiscation of their estates, the pen
alty being exacted on some trumped up
charge or other.
Naturally such procedure is not con
ducive to much confidence in the Justice
of the government and only one re. suit
can ensue— anarchy and general demorali
zation of both social, business and orncial
life.
[£ the advices received last night are
correct this result seems to have already
been obtained.
]>r. Jose Llerena, president of the Con
servative party, toother with Juan Fran r
Cisco Pon( lano, president of the Otci
dcntal Bank: Jose E. Sanchez, one of the
wealthiest capitalists in (.inatemala, and
a number of their adherents, are at the
Mexican legation, where they have gone,
seeking protection from their powerful
enemy. I>'>:i Recendo Devilla, president
of the Bark of Columbia, has been ex
pelled fn>m the country, as have a num
ber other wealthy Erentlemen who have
refused m comply with the demands . of
the new dictator.
Congressman Ilosendo Santa Cruz, one
laDrera's strongest opponents, was
executed on the of last month in the
prison yard <<' Tachi, and another power
ful Congressman who dared to stand
ap.unst the new President. Jose Maria
I bizo, was started barefoot fn-m Cheto
to Esquipulan. Short iy aft^r his guards
li H ,i \tl\ the first named town they re
turned and reported that their prisoi er
1 id I ■ i shot while attempting to escape.
He w;is no doubt assassinated by Ca
brera's orders in th'- manner which h:is
proved so popular with a number of other
Central American ["residents. These are
noi the only deaths that have occurrr l by
i many. In the Santa Rosa distri r
alone no fewer than sixty-nine- executions
have r*'< .r. iy taken place. The letter re
ceived last "night closes depleting th<
country in a State of chaos an i Ms
wealthy families fleeing to Europe and
the United Slates to rest in exiled safety
until the trouble >hall have ,uleted It^-lf
and thlnps once more asssumed their nor
mal aspect.
"THE MESSIAH" SUNG
AT PACIFIC GROVE
Auspicious Opening of the Twentieth
Session of the Coast
Chautauqua.
PACIFIC GROVEi Ji;!v B.— Never in the
history of the Chautauqua Society on this
| coast has one of its annual assemblies
I been .begun under such favorable circum
| stances and with so notable an event as
; marked the opening of the twentieth ses
! slon in Assembly Hall in this city to
night. Instead of the usual grand open
| ins: concert, the Chautauqua manager
brought the San Jose Oratorio Society
here, and. together with other oratorio
singers and Home <>f 1 1 1 ♦=- best soloists of
the State, it gave a splendid performance
of Handel's "The Messiah." James Ham
ilton Howe.' late of the Boston Conserva
tory of "Music, conducted the oratorio.
The soloists were Mrs. Mary Weaver Mac-
Cauley <>f San Jose, sopra-.io: Miss Beres
ford J*ov of J,os Angeles, contralto: Frank
Coffin of th<? Tivoli Opera Company. San
Francisco, tenor; S. Homer Henley of
San Francisco barytone, and Miss Ada
May Churchill. There were 12.') voices m
the ch< rus.
For the next two days the assembly
programme will consist chiefly of music.
. Ti>-morrow evening an oratorio praise ser
; vice wil'. be' given by the singers of to
i night, and on Monday and Tuesday even
i ings there will be concerts by prominent
! San Francisco and San Jose musicians.
The opening sermon or the assembly
i will be delivered at 11 a. m. to-morrow by
] Rev. Dr. Thomas Filben, superintendent
• of instruction of the Pacific Coast Chau
tauqua, and on Monday and Tuesday
classes of scientific, literary and other
work will be opened. The regular ses
sions of the assembly will begin on
Wednesday, July 12, and continue through
to July 22.
Killed by a Fall.
FORT BRAUG, July R.— Osrar Olson, 34
years of age, a native of Norway, was
killed here last night hy falling from a
tramway to the wharf, a distance of
twenty-two feet. He leaves a widow and
three small children.
AH MOY, WHO WAS STOLEN.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. ( EMPORIUIiL
* S&ftt& SnGGi^l Beginning {Monday, with the extraordinary special prices «
I !Jn em g m? m quoted below, and daily thereafter until further notice, J
I One-Bay &ale&m the biz store will.give a series of Special One-Day Sales. ♦
I A new advertisement will appear each morning announcing the «
J Specials for the day. The items will consist of good staple merchandise that we can %
J guarantee, and the prices will be unusually attractive. Read the daily Ads* |
J_..... . ; . . «
1 For {Monday Otllv. A ood White Wine— Pleasant to the taste ; J
9. am _ " m a nTIP one you can safely offer to your guests — to-day only <*
I Housekeepers' i^Zl per gallon •.■ . 40 ° *
* Sunnls£*4£ of items ot ' much interest to Quotations From the Catalogue* J
ft «#M|l|#ffi;9fl thQ pruden t and .careful Green Olives 35© ♦
ft housewife. These prices on staple high-grade goods 1-gallon tins Pio Moro Oil $2.00 ♦
J are the lowest ever quoted in this State for equal J-pound tins pure Ground Pe PP er 25c J
» 1-pound tins pure Ground Mustard 3UC J
ft qualities: • 1 pound tins pure Ground Ginger.. 300 J
? White Crocheted Bed Spreads, fringed, size 3 64x90 1-pound tin* pure Ground Allspice 250
? inches exc]us va of the fringe, just tap thing for brass or 2-ou"nce bottle pure Limon Extract.. 200 <f
$, iron beds, a good serviceable cov^r, worth a third more t^an 2-ouncs bottle pure Vanilia Extract 250 <#•
ft the soecial pri.-e — for Monday, eich.. 953 Quince Nectar Syrup, gallon .....: 600 "#
«V Gray Blankets* size 66x73 inches with pretty .red or blue Roya! Biking Powder, 1-lb can 4-2 C ♦
ft borders, wou.d make a nice camping or summer blanket, Cleveland Baking Powder, 1-lb can 42G J,
ft worth a third more than the special price for Monday — Emporium Baking Powder, 1-lb can 37 C i
* per pair.. 95c Drifted Snow Flour _ .....9Oc ]J
» Comforters, large size, for double beds (72x34 inches), Emporium Flour 35? >y
«, filled with pure white cotton and covered with the best grade Imported Macaroni and Spaghetti 2 Ihs 250 <&
$ of silkoline, tufted and handsomely finished with corded edsre Limburger Cheese, 2-lb bricks 3QC <'
ft — special price for M>nday only, each.... .s3*Bs "♦"
ft Table Damask,' unb'.eached, 64 inches wide an 1 all pure :^ZHZZIZI=Z^ZIZZZIZZIZIIIZ: *
ft linen, a strong durable cloth that will give excellent service, • J
* nice desirable patterns — a great bargain at Monday's special jjj jj , IA/p«h &>
2 price, per yard 50g All UU eCL. *
* Turkish Towels, unb'eeihed, 22x49 inches, good rou,'h jF*nß*B>&gs>£&; $&BMCreG£ Bought direct «
a, long nap and a quick absorbent— special price Monday only, {^«j3fif JMWSm9 BTtk J-i? &£} '<& f rr>m trio mill ♦
» ea^h 14C . -m *■ -* XL Lf 111 ?m X £ 1 1 11* ♦
» Huck Towels, hemmed, sze 17x31 inches, not all linen, FUi m £titiMi m Om ° ne Carloa 'of la P cs *
* but will give splendid wear— Monday's special price, and an I ■»■•••■ «r» try ar p e t g o f the ♦
* incomparably low one, each .: Qc latest designs and colorings, which we offer this £
% Damask Towels, pink m and white fancy border. k t t re duction-/ir/ce Includes 5
w;tn knotted lriuge ends, positive yad linen, size 18x37 .. m , *^ , a ,*. +,
i irche=.-on special saie Moidly only, each 14c puttsttg down O#» yOUr floor With J
ft, Pillow Cases, size 45x36 inches, made of good, firm and llnlnffm •#
ft dv"able muslin — Monday's sale pries and on Monday only, _ . , rt . _, . ,-, , - ■■.".*. -t-j-lj ♦
J ».u rtuie iiiusnu J y ■ g' Best jo-wire Tapestry Carpet, with or without border, ncr 2
ft Size 72x90 inches 4^C V^-^^ "~~^^-,_ 8-wire Tapestry Carpets, «
ft Size 81x9 > inches *9c Eff^^-tap^^-..^ . . i . .-^Ssa goo d assortment of pat- ♦
J Size 90x90 inches ~4c 1..1 terns— yard 61*O «
* Siz3 10x99 -nches 590 . I^^llWS-^ I ' Other good grades Tapes- J
ft> ; ■ OH ' i^^^^Hl try at, per yard 51 O J
♦ • / 6*/' Monday Only. : o--r EfS^w ?ravriia Rugs— •« „_ *
«> . jf . ■ . , „ W^^ tl= ?6x72 inches $2.75 «
* £9iß*S*f*g*B*Bs*^ Four great specials from '->■-■" 30x60 inches $2.25 *
♦ Vff# %M%O%*M M&F'&j fche .p ure 00( j D e p ar t- - This solid oak Extension Table, polished top, heavy legs, late «
i LiuuorSa ment - , Note also the prices ! design, just like Future— >rt?>^ 2
♦ "*********' taken from our grocery cata- very special at $6.25 fe^S^l /s=^J> J
* £" J^^ 11 lrOm , OUr . g rocer y cata - Ju« arrived, 50 Bidrooai [Wi2^^ mfWlllf t
IV logue and compare with those you ye been paying: Suits— golden oak finish, hard -^^-1-^^] W%l/{\ «
ft Hesperian Hay wards Tomatoes, regularly 8c wood, polishsd, well made, ■^1— '^M' }M. ?P \\ *
i can— at Monday's extraordinary price shaped glass on bureau- —' — ' t^UM=^)'^ 1
i 4 cans for 25c P lendld bar 3mat^--^ l^^^^p^^li %
| • Only one do^en to a customer. "'Mo.-t"e"xquisite' designs of ' 'U^— .^l^^Rl"' J
ft Emporium Savon Soap, 1-lb bars, regularly 4c Bedroom Suits in solid ma- ■: »->■ =-- \~~x#- ?- ■' 3
I each-on Monday only 16 for sOc Jjf D^V reasoa-bte pSIS *
» Jesse Moore "A. A." Whisky, the fa £f ee3 raape reasonable l>—^- Sg*p==tl S
* vorite brand in great demand, per bottle for 35c -** 1 - 1 " 4
♦ *
♦ filled and day || ||g|ifl? o^- ' ,sig^<i ts* SVH- and $i=> 'Suits «
>> receroea. > 10^ h>/>°>
♦ . California's Largest— 's Grandest Store. *
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
New Sub-Station of the San Fran
cisco Postoffice to Be Located
on Mission Street.
WASHINGTON, July S.— The Postofflco
Department has ordered established on
August 1 a sub-station at 1941 Mission
street, San Francisco, to be known as
Station 13.
The following California Postmasters
were appointed to-day; William Doherty,
China Flat, Ilumboldt County, vice John
R McNeil! resigned; William B. Maili
ews Johrisvllle, Plumas County, vice
John Neville, resigned. The special serv
ice between Toolwass and Unadilla liern
County, will be discontinued after July 10.
•V postofflce was to-day establishes at
Valdez, Alaska, and V. G. BarUett was
appointed Postmaster. „„,„ , r
ihomas B. Finnegan and uiiiiam M.
O'Connor have been appointed third class
letter carriers In the Oakland postolnc3
at $600 per annum. "
Army orders: By direction . of tn? As
sistant Secretary of War Commissary
Sergeant John Meston, general hospital,
Savannah, Ga., la transferred to the Pre
sidio He will be sent to that post a:!>l
will report upon his arrival to the com
manding officer for duty.
Sergeant Wllber O. Tuggle. Troop^ r.
Sixth United States Cavalry, now at rort
Sill, Oklahoma Territory. If transform -.1
as a'private to the Fourth I nited States
Cavaliy. He will be sent to the rresidlo
and will report upon his arrival to the
commanding officer, who will furnish him
transw rtatioa to the Philippines. .
Cook James F. Littleton. Troop L. Sixth
United States Cavalry. Fort Sill, Okla
homa Terrlt >ry. Is transferred as a pri
vate to the Fourth Cavalry. He will be
sent to the Presidio and thence to tht-
Philippines on the first transport leaving
r<.r that station.
Captain Eugene L. Swift, assistant sur
geon United States army, is relieved frnm
further duty at Port Slocum New \<>rk.
and will proceed tc San Francisco and
report in person to the commanding gen
eral, Department of California, for tem
porary duty.
Pensions—* lallfornia : Original— Gtoryo
W. Marsh. San Diego. $10; Henry <^uil>-
Me'r, Los Angeles; Peter J. Weidcn.t ver.
S"iiV)ma. $10; Samuel Varntr, Napa, $•;.
Renewal— William Ober. Julian, X in
crease — Samuel H. Phillips, Sacramento.
$10 to 112; Michael Maloney, Nlmshaw, ; : C
to HO; Jacob Shesler, San Jose, $S to $10.
Oregon: Reissue— Patriot Holland,
Portland, $24.
Washington: Original— Silas J. Tlft,
Cheney, $6.
FRASER RIVER SALMON
PACK IS A FAILURE
Deplorable Condition Caused by the
Laws Barring American
Fishermen.
VANCOUVER, July B.— With abouc the
largest salmon run that has ever been
known In the history of canning on the
Fraser River, this year's pack is likely
to be a failure. The :ish are running in
thousands up the Fraser. yet the scarcity
of men is making- it a practical impossi
bility for the canneries to put up a puck
that will pay them.
A. E. Tregent, a prominent car.ner. said i
to-day that there were 50.000 cases of i
empty tins in some of the canneries, and |
he would wager that not 10.000 wouid be ;
rilled. Usually at this tim<*"of year there
are thousands of boats on the river, but |
the regulations this year precluded Amor- i
icans from lishlng. Tregent says that
yesterday he went through all the fishiujj
community and only .'WO boats were out.
Of these only two wore manned by v.-hitc
men. others being manned by Japanese,
Italians and Indians.
"No one would argue the point.' he
said, "as to which are preferable. Ameri
cans or foreigners." The new law made to
legislate against Americans has simply
brought in a great influx of Oriental*!,
who are really taking the market from
the Canadians themselves, and although
they cannot speak English they say they
are all British subjects."
Advances made on furnlttire and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
CLERK LEROY M'ELROY
CAPTURED IN CHICAGO
Confesses That He Stole the Dia-
monds of Mrs. Felt and Mrs.
Hale, and Will Be Returned.
CHICAGO. July B.— Leroy Mcßlroy,
formerly clerk in the Richelieu Hotel at
San Francisco, was arrested here to-day
on a charge of stealing $5000 worth of dia
monds from Mrs. Felt and Mrs. Hale of
Boston, who were guests at the hotel. He
acknowledges his guilt and will be sent to
San Francisco for trial.
Mr?. Felt and Mrs. Hale, after their ar
rival in this city, rented apartments in
the Richelieu. In one of their trunks
were stored the precious gems. At the
invitation of one of their friends they took
a trip to the interior, and on their re
turn found that their trunks had been
broken open during their absence and
their diamonds stolen. They at once com
municated with Chief Lees, who detailed
Detectives Dinan and Wren to arrest the
thief. The detectives visited the hotel,
and after a thorough investigation be
came convinced that Clerk McElroy was
the culprit. The latter, evidently fearing
arrest, suddenly left the city and was
finally traced to Chicago. Shortly after
Ms disappearance McElroy wrote to a
relative -in Oakland, asking him to send
the box which had contained the dia
monds to 10 South park. Chicago. The
letter was turned over to Chief Lees, who
telegraphed to the police of Chicago, in
structing them to keep a strict watch for
McElroy, with the result that he was ar
rested.
JUDGMEMT AGAINST
SMALL STOCKHOLDERS
Union Bank Depositors Score Their
First Victory in the
Courts.
SAX JOSE, July S.— Judgment was
given against eighty stockholders of
the Union Savings Bank to-day by Jus
tice Wallace in the suit brought by C.
W. Childs and other depositors to re
cover the pro rata liability of the for
mer. The judgment was given for
$14 35 a share, with interest at 7 per
cent. There are 60S shares of stock rep
resented by the eighty defendants, who
were all small shareholders. The judg
ment was given with a reduction of ?
a share on portions of the accounts be
cause of their having run the statute
of limitations. The total amount of the
judgment recovered is $6728 80.
Four hundred depositors were repre
sented in the suit, with accounts ag
gregating $160,000. The stockholders
sued heid tess than eighteen shares
each.
This is the first judgment against
stockholders of the Union Savings
Bank. There are two suits pending in
the Superior Court against the large
stockholders. An appeal probably will
be taken from the decision, but Attor
ney Welch, who represents the deposit
ors, is confident of winning in the
higher court.
The stockholders are not paying the
510 assessment recently levied by the
directors and the bank's attorneys will
begin suits for its collection in a few
days.
Divorced Because of Desertion.
SAX ANDREAS. July S.— The Allison
divorce case came up ' in the Superior
Court of Calaveras County to-day before
Judge Gottschalk. Rachael Allison applied
for a divorce from her husband. Robert S.
Allison. Allison brought a cross-complaint
charging his wife with desertion. Alli
son lives at Robinsons Ferry, about lif
teen miles from San Andreas, and is a
miner in the employ of the Melones Min
ing Company. His wife has been living
in Stockton apart from him this year.
Rather than have their 'family troubles
aired In court, the attorney for Mrs. Alli
son consented to a divorce being granted
to Allison on the cross-complaint, while
the child was slven to the mother.
Has Often Made
THE CALIFORNIA FIELDS ARE
fl rivaling .those of the world as fortune
, makers for the lucky investors.
•
Union Consolidated Oil and
I Transportation Company,
323 PARROTT BUILDING.
Has a perfect title to 2160 acres of fully
tested oil-bearing lands in this wonderful
belt.
5000 shares of the Treasury stock will be
offered for a few days at
$3 PER SHARE.
This stock will certainly advance quickly.
GET IN OX THE GROUND FLOOR.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
i~ ; _ ~~~
After a Refreshing Fath
On a' sultry day, the prospect of put-
ting an such exquisitely laundered
! linen, white and faultless in finish, is a
i pleasure to the man that has his shirts,
collars and cuffs "done up" at. our laun-
I dry. Our awn is to please our patrons,
and we spare no pains to do it, as we
want the patronage of every man in
San Francisco. "No saw edges."
The United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
j . Telephone South 420.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL. GOLOVIX BAT, CAPE
NOME PAWSON AND ALL POINTS
OX YUKON KIVKK.
The New Steamers
BERTHA and PORTLAND
i V.'M leave San Francisco between 15th and
20th of July for above points, making: prompt
j connections with our river steamers on the
Yukon River. •
For freight, passage and further information
I apply to '.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
\ ilO Sansome Bt., San Francisco, Cal.
56
SUNDAY ~ JULY 9, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St%. 3. P
Telephone Main 1888.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main -1274.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Term « by Ma.ll. Including Postage:
DAILY CALti (including: Sunday Call), one year fG.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), S month* 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Blr.gle Month «5o
SUNDAY CALL One Year .~ .-• 1-80
WEEKLY CALL One Tear 1 -°°
All postmasters are authorized to receive mibscrlptlOM.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested,
OAKLAND OFFICE .: 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager F*rei£n Advertising. Marquett© Building,
Chicago.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.l Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENB JR.. 29 Tribune Bnlldlnft
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -Astor Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. ;
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
.C..C CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, ;
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, one until I
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30 '
o'clock. 615 LorKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock* 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS. 
Columbia— "Lord and Lady Algy," to-morrow night.
California— "A Midnight Bell." ' '
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— "Shamus O'Brien."
Alcazar— "Don Caesar de Bazan" and "Only th» Master
Shall Blame."
Grand Opera House— "The Beggar Student."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay. ..;
Sutr Baths— .-'^rimming Races, etc.
Glen Park— Grand performance to-day.
Union Coursing Park— Cou- -Ing to-day.
Recreation Park- Baaebati To-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Cake Walkers. Saturday. July 15.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Monday, July 10, at 11 o'clock-
Horses, at 220 Valencia street.
By Ea*ton, Elcrlflgp & Co.— Tuesday. July 11. at 12 o'clock
Real Estate, at OSS Market street. : - -:
By .T. D. Iloran— Horses, -: : ':-:i:h and Bryant streets.
. ■ ■ —^— — — —
UNIVERSITY FEES.
INHERE are two sides to the fee question. While
it is true that a fee is felt as a burden by many
parents who are seeking higher education for
their children, it is aNo true that there are other bur
dens imposed by life at a university which are less tol
eiable.
These are the more difficult to deal with because
they rank with social exactions and the expense of
imitation. The student whose finances make the fee
a consideration is in more important ways subjected
to the compefition of the student to whom the :ee is
of no importance at all.
The rich man's ->>ii or daughter, followed by pa
rental affection to the university, is supported there
in a style that marks a class distinction, and very often
fills the college days of others with discontent be
cause they have not the means to live in equal style.
Though they cannot hope to reach the state of their
rich companions, the effort to do so adds numerous
txpen-es to the list of their needs, and in the course
of a term these amount to far more than the fees.
X 1 -. i s matter has long been gravely considered at
-Yale and Harvard In those old colleges there have
been - -ho had thousands to spend, ami spent
them every term. The poorer students were the re
cipient* of their hospitality and shared the. pleasures
procured ! ;■ lavish expenditure, only to pay for pass
ing enjoyment in the humiliation of feeling that they
irn in kind the attention they had ac
cepted, and in the acquisition of expensive habits
which their parents had not the means to support.
The evil lias been long apparent. The remedy is
net easy to apply. It is not every boy that has the
self denial and courage to resist temptation and good
fellowship and stay in the plain way of his fathers.
So there come to ambitious parents great and heart
trying disappointments. Hopes invested in the edu
cation of sons are brought to naught by the habits
picked up at college, and the loss of the hard-earned
money is the least of the misfortunes which fall as
the result of contacts with the lavish expenditure of
the rich. As a reform it has been proposed to bring
all living at a university down to one scale, laid along
the line of the average financial ability of the people
from whose ranks the student .material is drawn.
This, perhaps, is all that the governors of any univer
sity can do in the matter. An efficient reform lies
vith the people themselves. A rich girl was to gradu
ate from Y.-issar in a class that had many students
who were poor and could afford no display. Moved
by the highest refinement of good taste and good
sense, the rich girl dressed for graduation in the
simplest and least expensive of costumes, so that none
of her companions need be tempted to do what they
could not afford, and none might have to flinch at
a contrast to their disadvantage. After all, the spirit
of that rich girl must be looked to for the relief of
university life from one of the greatest burdens it
puts upon the poor.
Believers in the doctrine of heredity will find much
to comfort them in a study of the genealogical tree
a Brooklyn namesake of ttie new pugilistic champion
lias prepared for Jim Jeffries. It proves, if it proves
an3-thing, that the boilermaker comes rightly by his
fistic honors. One of his ancestors with William the
Conqueror undoubtedly whipped one of Fite's fore
fathers at the battle of Hastings.
Boss Buckley is desirous of having an organization
in this city similar to Tammany. As there is only one
tiger, Buckley will be forced to use such of his lieu
tenants as are accustomed to wearing stripes as the
emblems of the machine.
It is reported that the floods in Texas have de
stroyed the big cotton crop of that State. All-wool
clothing will be higher next season.
"Fighting" Joe Wheeler will be in San Francisco
before the end of a week. It is needless to say he will
get a real California welcome.
It is safe to say that the advocates of anti-kissing
are in an overwhelming majority when the kissing
bug is around.
ENCOURAGEMENT FOR REPUBLICANS
IT seems almost certain that the attempt of the
Huntington-Herrin-Burns-Kelh-Crimruins com
bination to spread a wet blanket over the Re
publican organization in San Francisco wrtl fail.
Never has there been an effort to destroy a great party
I that involved more supreme rascality. ' San Fran
cisco, owing to the power and dishonesty of the Hun
tington monopoly, has been noted for unique politi- j
cal phenomena. But the deliberate proposal, through !
I the regular County Committee of the Republican |
i party, to ratify and confirm all the treacheries and ;
j frauds for which the Kentucky corporation has stood ;
as the sponsor during the past year easily transcends :
' all former experiences.
The conditions that force a great American com
i munity almost to remain sleepless in order to save its '
; own life have become virtually intolerable. No matter
j what the fundamental political .differences in the
j United States may be, it will be generally admitted :
| that the Republican party originated in brains, in
I character and in independence. The men who founded
; the party were Americans, and, rather than sacrifice
! a principle, they would have blown an organization
into splinters. They did not belong to the class of
; stereotyped partisans who could be forced through !
(he grooves of a machine and labeled with some dis- j
i gusting mark of surrender to corruption. Abraham '
j Lincoln, Hannibal Hamlin, Salmon P. Chase, Wil
; Ham H. Seward, and their great contemporaries, were ;
unprepared for the genuflections and the adulation ;
that could alone have produced the literary efrlores- i
cence of the Colton letters, in which Collis P. Hun- \
| tington signally illustrated his grammatical insuffi
-1 ciency and his rude conception of a dictatorship.
Republican independence, which has been a steady
! element in party history, survives to-day and propqses
' to become regnant in San Francisco and to defeat
; the Huntington trade with the fusion Democracy. It
is very doubtful whether the blanket ticket does not |
violate both the letter and the spirit of the primary
election law. Upon that point some premonitory
observations have been made by the City and County
I Attorney and by others that are full of point and im
pressive in their application. But, independently of
the purely legal aspects of the case, which may prob
ably dispose of the whole matter, the Republicans who
control the results of elections are displaying an or- ■.
I ganized activity of which the lluntington-Herrin-
Burns-Kelly-Crimmins combination had better take
j notice. Of course, in view of the representative
principle that has been dogmatically violated by the
Republican County Committee, the best thing that
can happen is a ruling against the right to present a
! Huntington placard of 306 delegates to a municipal -
j convention from eighteen Assembly districts. But '
whether this ruling can be obtained or not, the Re- !
: publican voters of San Francisco have evidenced their t
j intention to control their own party. There are two
■ organization?, fully described in our local columns,
I which, though operating on different lines, concur in
* their objects. If a blanket ticket is tolerated — in other
I words, if the primary election is construed by monop
olistic interpreters — they will face the corporations
with tickets of their own. and it is by no means im
possible that tlie blanketed underbreds may be beaten
at their own game. All that is needed to overcome 1
the Phelan auxiliary to the traitors to Republican
principles and to Republican integrity is a represen
tative convention. The present indications are that
such an aggregation of intelligence, of conservatism
and of American manhood may be secured.
One thing is certain: No railroad ticket can be
I elected. For that proposition The Call and some of I
\ its contemporaries will be responsible. With no un-
I dercurrent of selfishness, with no personal objects to !
be subserved, with a fixed purpose to combine the
decent political elements of this community in a tri- i
umphant vindication of principle and *of character.
The Call feels assured that failure is impossible. This
is an American city and it is to be governed by Araer
icans, and not by imperialistic methods.
THE ELDER BROTHERHOOD.
WHEN euphemistic sentiments in favor of the
British influence in the incidents in Samoa
were floating through the American press The
Call, while not ignoring any rational cause for re
ciprocal aid arising from the facts coexisting in the
United States and in Great Britain, nevertheless re
j.tated the' warning of Washington against "entan
gling alliances." and urged the retention of an
American policy, based upon our own constitutional
system of government. Among other things it directed
popular attention to the fact that there might be two
sides to the Samoan events, and it failed to accept
the description of those events so industriously cir
culated by the Associated Pre-s.
Our precautions have been more than justified by
the light that from many quarters has recently
streamed upon Samoa, and not only upon Samoa but
upon other regions of the earth where Great Britain
has sought to obliterate the results of our Revolu
tionary War. The detailed reports that have lately
appeared in our columns have done much to
correct the errors of the earlier accounts of the Sa
moan controversy and to confirm the views of Mr.
Lloyd Osborne, who was so long the representative
of the United States in those islands. The design of
Great Britain to establish an elder brotherhood, that
would have the effect of swamping the fundamental
ideas of our national system and of reducing us to a
position in an imperialistic association,
has been most thoroughly exposed.
Our interests in Samoa were small. British in
fluence endeavored to control us and temporarily suc
ceeded, 'out, when the protectorate over the Tonga |
Island? was offered, the United States were not in- |
eluded in that deal. This, however, is comparatively
a small matter. The larger proposition is. the effort
to seduce or to entice us into the imperialistic policy
of Great Britain, of which our own unpatriotic press i
is furnishing evidences day by day. It is only a short
time ago since the London School of Tropical j
Medicine had its annual convocation in the British i
metropolis, which no less a man than Mr. Chamber
lain referred to as one of the modes of promoting an
imperialistic policy, in which the trans-Atlantic
brethren of the British people were expected to join.
Among other facts prominently mentioned in that
convocation was the inclusion of three hundred mil
lions of "colored people" within the British empire.
This is the imperial combination of which the United I
States is to form a part, and it is this domination of I
the inferior races of the world in which our republic. ;
with its elaborate protection of individual rights and
of the sovereignty of man, is expected to participate.
Amicable relations with Great Britain, the closest
association and co-operation not only with that em
pire, but with Germany, so deeply represented in our
population, with the French republic associated with
us by hereditary ties, and with every aspiring aggre
gation of human beings to be found upon the earth.
are fundamental ideas in American civilization. But ;
to be absorbed by the nation from which we wrested j
our independence, to be drawn into a governmental !
doctrine from which we extricated ourselves by force, |
to be induced to abandon a political system that we
have presented to the world as realizing the most
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
advanced ideas of the human race, after its inherent
supremacy has been established by a hundred and
twenty-three years of history, is not within the com
pass of American intention. The late celebration of
our national anniversary, however marred by occa
sional appeals to the imperial instinct, conclusively
answered the assumptions of our retrogression and
the intolerable pretensions of expatriated specu
lators.
In a recent number of the Preussische Tahrbucher
Professor Delbruck based a calculation on our finan
cial propensities: "The present imperialistic craze
need not deceive us. The Americans have to pay
three, six, even ten, dollars for what we get for one.
Wait until they have to foot the bill."
In this proposition there is an element of truth. But
it is very slight and grossly underestimates the Ameri
can people. The higher ground upon which all im
perialistic alliances will be rejected and the nation
swung back to its constitutional moorings is the
foundation upon which our Government rests and
our saturated belief and confidence in the principles of
the Declaration of Independence, which are coinci
dent with the sovereignty of man and intolerably re
pugnant to monarchy and to every form of despotism.
THE EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION.
i"\ N'E of the most notable gatherings to assemble
J in the year 1901 will be the great international
convention of the Epworth League. The
c at which the convention is to be called has not
been determined, and some of the more active
nbers in California have already arranged to
cc a strong effort to induce the league to select
Francisco as the site for the assembly.
he enterprise is one to which all citizens of in
nce ought to give cordial assistance and help.
: Epworth League is among the foremost of the
many organizations which have been recently formed
among young men and women to aid 'in church
work. Its members are to be found in every land
under the sun, and in our own country constitute a
powerful as well as a numerous and rapidly increasing
body. The international gathering of the league will
bring together thousands of delegates and visitors,
and to the city where the convention is held the en
tertainment of so notable and so large an assemblage
of earnest young men and women from all parts of
the world will be most profitable in every respect.
To those who take no thought of to-morrow 1901
seems far distant. Intelligent people, however, well
understand the value of assuring future as well as
present good. The selection of the place for the
league convention is to be made within a time com
paratively short. The committee that will present the
claims of San Francisco will leave for Indianapolis
1 on the 12th, so that it will be seen there is no time to
. lose in providing the members with whatever aid is
possible in the work that lies before them.
While San Francisco is remote from the great cen
ters of population, and to that extent is handicapped
in its efforts to become a convention city, it has many
advantages to counterbalance the disadvantage of
situation. Conventions are held in the summer time,
and this city has the pleasantest dimmer climate in
America, if not in the world. Crowded convention
halls with us are never sweltering with heat; there is
no debilitation, no danger of prostration from ex
haustion caused by work in overheated rooms. That
fact alone counts much in our favor, and would be in
itself almost sufficient to make this the most frequent
convention city in the Union, if it were better under
stood by the people of the East.
The attendance at the convention is sure to be
large, but we have ample accommodation for all who
may come. No city in the world knows better how
to entertain visitors than San Francisco, and none is
more hospitable in doing it. The attractiveness of
the surroundings make the city, moreover, one of the
he-t pleasure resorts on the continent, and the dele
gates who come here to attend to convention business
will find it a place for a delightful holiday after the
work is over. Strong arguments, therefore, can be
presented to the league in favor of this city as the site
for its international gathering, and it is to be hoped
the committee that goes to present our claims will
have ample backing in their undertaking.
INDUSTRIAL ALfIRM IN ENGLAND.
l~> RITISII manufacturers have 3ent to this coun
\\ try a representative to study our industrial con
ditions and to find out how it is that American
firms have been able to obtain contracts to supply
locomotives for British railways and steel bridges for
ronds in Egypt and in India. Evidently something of
alarm is felt by the manufacturers of the old country.
The industries fostered by protection in the United
Slates have become formidable competitors for the in
dustries of free trade even in the home of free trade.
The alarm is not confined to the manufacturing
class only. British merchants have long since per
ceived that their commerce is losing ground under
the stress of German activity in commercial ventures,
and British ship-builders are noting with something
of uneasiness that German ships are now being con
structed in German shipyards instead of in those of
Great Britain. Thus with American industrial com
petition on the one hand and German commercial
competition on the other, the outlook does not prom
ise any long continuance of the present supremacy of
Great Britain in the commerce of the world. •
There is another phase of the subject that causes
despondency in the United Kingdom. The amount of
coal and iron available for industrial use is rapidly
diminishing, and experts are predicting that within a
time comparatively short Great Britain will be de
pendent upon the United States tor her supply of
those articles. That will imply a complete industrial
and commercial dependence upon this country. Nor
does there appear any means by which, the coming
dependence can be averted. Indeed, if a prolonged
war against powerful foes should come upon her
Great Britain might be compelled to become some
thing like a political dependency, as without our aid
she could not obtain the coal and the iron necessary
for her fleets.
The United Christian Party of America intends to
enter the national political campaign with a Presiden
tial candidate, and a platform reading, "What Would
Jesus Do?" There are some questions that involve
the paradox of a self-evident but unexpected answer.
Perhaps the United Christian Party of America
wouldn't like to hear the answer of most Americans
to the query of the new platform.
There seems to be a disposition in the Fourth of
July Committee to "whitewash" T. P. Robinson, the
discredited and expelled grafter of the committee.
Whitewash will accomplish little more than to make
more prominent the black spots on Robinson's hide.
The leading characters in the local domestic com
edy, which seems to have been inspired by the Botkin
tragedy, demonstrate, that the race of fools is not by
any means becoming extinct.
The Spanish have just acquitted Admiral Cervera.
American?, quicker to appreciate worth, even in an
enemy, did that long ago.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfIUGHT.
So thoroughly has Kipling impressed
himself upon the popular mind that
critics of all s.:zes have begun to use
him as a convenient standard by which
to measure every new aspirant or ama
teui in thf field of letters. Some critics
use Rudyard as a model of excellence,
and when they desire to praise an au
thor they say his style is suggestive of
Kipling's. Others take him as a warn
ing of the depravity to which litera
ture can sink, and when in their turn
they seek to praise a writer they hold
him up as a contrast to that creature
of abomination.
As a result of this condition of the
casual criticism of our day, the reader
must know what a critic thinks of Kip
ling before he can derive any satisfac
tion from his criticisms. For example,
an Eastern critic in reviewing that
most delightful little Californian book,
"Sugar Pine Murmurings," compared
the style to that of Kipling, and proba
bly intended it as a recommendation tf>
the public; but it is by no means cer»
tain it will be so regarded.
George Moore, a critic of reDUte in
London town, is one who would got
read "Sugar Pine Murmurings," if he
believed the critic who said it suggests
Kipling, for Moore looks upon the
rough and ready Rudyard as the liter
ary offspring of all the coarseness of
British insolence flushed by the lust of
empire. He is quoted by the London
Chronicle as having said recently:
"Mr. Kipling, the poet that England
was now celebrating, would not hay»
written the most hideous verses ever
written in a beautiful language if he
had not lived in a specially hideous mo
ment, the moment of the African mil
lionaire, when England, gorged with
wealth, lus-ted for more, whe.n thou
sands of Arabs were phot in the desert
with machine guns — and the general
who commanded in these shambles was
greeted as a hero. In no other circum
stances but the present would Mr. Kip
ling have been a disgraceful blot on
the most beautiful poetic record in the
world."
• • •
"Sugar Pine Murmurings," being a
product of the native wit of Califor
nia, should be. studied in the atmos
phere- <>f th" sunny land in which it was
evolved, and not be mixed up with th*
disputations of British fog land. I
have lugged it in only to show
just how far and how foolishly
these Kipling comparisons are car
ried. The speech of Mr. Moore is
the point I am leading up to lazily, a*
befits a day of rest, for that doughty
pen fighter did not denounce Kipling
for the mere fun of denouncing him,
but for the purpose of lauding another
man — a genius of whem we know little,
but of whom, according to Mr. Moore,
',>.•• ought t'> know much; of whom we
will know much when a literary sanity
returns to us, and "the Rudyards cease
from Kipling and the Haggards ride
no more."
In Dublin, "the finest city upon the
pay," a number of patriot? of light and
leading have established a "literary
theater" for the encouragement of Irish
genius, and the genius has come. The
dramatic work of a certain Mr. Teat?,
produced at the theater, has cause?
something of a sensation in the United
Kingdom, pride in Ireland and enthu
siasm in the mind of Mr. Moore. At a
banquet given a short time ago to cele
brate the success of the theater, Moore
and Max Beerbohm wore distinguished
guests, and Moore made an address, in
the course of which he said the works
of Mr. Yeats were not as yet, and prob
ably never would be, as voluminous as
those of either Shakespeare or Victor
Hugo, but he could not admit that they
More less perfect. In the art of writing
a blank verse play none except Shake
speare and Mr. Yeats had succeeded.
We must not be afraid of praising Mr.
Yeats' poetry too much; we must not
hesitate to say that there were lyrics
in the collected poems as beautiful as
any in the world.
Here, then, on the authority of a
critic of high repute, we hay« the state
ment that a dramatic writer of trans
cendent genius has arisen in Ireland.
U'hich of our managers of theaters will
be first to reproduce one of his plays in
San Francisco and give us an oppor
tunity to learn what Dublin is doing
for the elevation of the stage and tho
redemption of literature?
What we need in this country is not
so much a redemption of literature as
a wholesale damnation of all critics
outside of California. There be not so
many as ten worthy fellows in the
whole Eastern lot, and they that be
worthy have n<'t virtue enough to
leaven the lump. The quality of the
stuff which under the title and in the
form of criticism is poured forth from
the pets of publishers into the long
ears of the Eastern public may be
judged from the statement of Charles
Johnson, a critic plenipotentiary of
New England, that Mark Twain is "the
greatest writer the New World has yet
seen."
Such a statement expressed as seri
ous criticism is offensive to patriotism,
and moreover is a wholly unnecessary
offense. It implies that while the Xew
World has seen no greater writer than
the author of "Tom Sawyer," the < >ld
V.'orfd has seen greater, and carries
with it the inference that the Old World
has seen more fine sights than ours
has seen. Now, as a matter of fact, if
Mark Twain be greater than H.iw
thorne and Poe and Emerson, then also
is he by an equal ease of assertion
srroater than Shakespeare, Goethe,
Dante, the man who wrote the book of
.lob and the woman who compiled the
Arabian Nights Entertainments. Mr.
Johnson should have said Mark Twain
is the greatest writer the whole world
has yet seen, and then it would not
have been put upon anybody to take
the trouble to write him down an ass.
When Parah Bernhardt undertook to
play "Hamlet," it was a foregone con
clusion we were to have a new Hamlet,
but no one expected it to be "fresh."
Hence there has been more of a sensa
tion in London over the Bernhardt
Hamlet than ever there was over the
theory of a Baconian Shakespeare.
If there be anything on which all
British and all American critics agree,
it is that we understand everything
about Hamlet, except the one point
whether or no he were mad. There is
a dispute concerning the madness, but
on all else there is such harmony as
reigns in heaven. By critics, commen
tators and actors all, it has been
treated as a self-evident fact that
Hamlet was of a reflective disposition,
a doubtful, hesitating youth; one who
did not know whether he loved Ophe
lia or did not love her; who was not
sure whether he ought to kill himself
or somebody else; one whose native hue
of resolution was always sicklied o'er
by a pale oast of thought, and whose
enterprises of great pith and moment
turned awry and lost the name of ac
tion.
Sarah says Hamlet was not that kind
of man at all. She insists he was a
crafty, resolute, determined schemer
like Richard III; hesitating at noth
ing, but sacrificing everything to the
one object he had In view— that of re
venge for his father's death.
So peculiar does the Bernhardt pre»
sentation of the melancholy Dane ap
pear to the London critics that one
among them declares it to be an origi
nal creation, born not of Shakespeare's
brain, but of Bernhardt's nerve; and
he suggests that the new thing on the
stage be advertised as "The Princess
of Denmark."
• • •
For all that Sarah Bernhardt Is a
great genius and a new Hamlet, she is
none the less a woman and has a wo
man's ways. She Insists on the last
word, and he who would deprive her
of it must talk long and talk fast. She
has replied to her critics and showr
herself to be a commentator as well as
an uncommon actor. At any rate, she
is not a "'crushed tragedian" by any
means. Her letter on the subject of
Hamlet's character Is too long to be
quoted in full, but it is only fair to give
at least something of what the creator
of a resolute Hamlet has to say for
herself and her latest new thing in the
drama.
After reviewing the incidents of th«
play and explaining how they reveal
the true nature of Hamlet, she says:
"As soon as he gathers what is in his*
father's mind and learns of his mur
der, he forms the resolution to avenge
him; but as he is the opposite of i
Othello — who acts first and thinks
afterward— Hamlet thinks before h& i
acts, which is proof of great strength j
and great power of mind.
"Hamlet loves Ophelia! He renounces !
his love! He renounces study! He re» :
nounces everything in order to gain his
object. And he attains it. He kills th» ,
King while in the blackest and most '
mortal sin; but he kills him only whet*
he is absolutely sure.
"When he is sent to England he takes
the first opportunity of leaping alone
into an enemy's vessel, and announces
his fame that he may be made pris
oner, certain that he will be broughi
back. He calmly sends Rosencrantz
and Guildenstern to death. All this be
speaks a young, strong and determined
character.
"When he dreams. It is of his plan — of
his vengeance. If God had not forbid
den suicide he would have killed him
self in disgust of the world. .But since
he cannot kill himself, he will kill!"
If that be not Shakespeare's Hamlet,
so much the worse for Shakespeare.
Bernhardt will steal the character from
him and make it anew even as he stole
it from some forgotten playwright and
made it to suit his own notion. It is
clear the divine Sarah is every inch a
woman. She will have nothing to do
with hesitating men; or if she becomes
interested in one who has been doubtful
and irresolute, she will instill resolu
tion into him. Whatever be the char
acter she plays, or the man she plays
with, there is sure to be some snap to
him before she gets through with him.
For the rest — there is no reason why
we should complain of her attempt to
overthrow the conventional Hamlet.
Sarah -will soon pass and there will
never be another, but the old Hamlet
will live like the chestnut tree for a
thousand years.
• • •
To the Association of American Ag
ricultural Colleges and Experiment
Stations in convention assembled in
this city, there came on the day of the
opening session this telegram: . .
TRAER, lowa. July 5. 1599.
Dr. A. C. True. San Francisco, Cal.: To
the Association of Colleges and Station*,
greetings. From Bea to sea we hail the
workers of ever}' land as brother? and put
our shoulders under their yokes, that
knowledge may increase and plenty rule ]
in all our borders.
JAMES WILSON.
Secretary of Agriculture.
The Beauties of the sentiment ex
pressed in that telegram are many, and
it may be added they are mysterious.
The "we" ' who from sea to sea i
hail the -workers of every land as
brothers are doubtless the agricultur
ists, but just why a farmer should
talk of increasing knowledge and es- I
tablishing the rule of plenty by put- j
ting his shoulder to the yoke of his '
brother is not clear, for the average j
farmer knows that to get a move on a j
stalled wagon the proper way is to put !
a shoulder to the wheel of the vehicle,
and not to the yoke of the beast that
draws it.
It is possible that Secretary "Wilson
In becoming a Cabinet officer laid aside
his- bucolic ox sense when he picked up
the language of official station, but the
chances are the explanation of the
mysteriousness of the telegram is to be
found in the date. When a thing is
written on the day after the Glorious
Fourth, it is not to be critized too close
ly. On that day anything goes so long
as It means well.
From the revelers who in these happy
summer days, straying from the busy i
haunts of care and strife where men
earn money, have gone to the romantic
regions where one can do nothing but
spend it and time, there come strange
stpries. One of these wanderers claims
to have discovered a sort of earthly
Nirvana, a town where the weary cease
from troubling and even the wicked
take a rest— a place where the balm of
Gilead is infused in the very atxnos
phere. The wanderer from the metro
polis, and perhaps from the truth, de
scribes the place as —
-'a dim city lying alone
Far down in the dim west,
Where the good and the bad and the
worst and the best
Have gone to their eternal rest.
The discoverer avers with much as
severation the place is not a. graveyard
nor a crematory, but a city where peo
ple are alive enough to breathe and
have thirsts enough to cause a demand
for drinks. Saloons exist in the com
munity, but they are not hilarious. The
explorer says: "I was in a saloon last
night in which a big phonograph ren
dered 'Nearer, My God, to Thee 1 and
'Where Is My Wandering Boy To-
Night?"'
. There may be people who doubt the
existence in California of a town where
revelers in saloons find their joy In lls»
tening to hymns and temperance songs
of tender sentiment, but I am indiffer-.
ent to the incredulous, as the wan
derer who tells the story is indifferent
to truth. The names of the city and
of the county could be given as an evi
dence of good faith, but that would be
advertising. The story is big enough
to stand alone, and it will have to do so.
WOW! HERE'S A MASCOT,
Read
Warden Aguirre's Record
Martin Aguirre is" having some contro
versy as to hi.* duties as \\ arden of !ban
Quentin. but he will come out all right
He is a veritable political mascot His
luck even extends to those who work for
him. Almost, all the men who .were in the
Sheriff's office under him ten j .ears ago
are now well provided for P o "*^^ >esr
following list will be found of interest.
ISS9 lb!W.
Martin G. Aguirre. HenryT.Gage.Gov
hS??£ Gage, at- /S°^ ffi^.
„; T Gage at- M. < :. Aeuirre. War
tornev for Sheriff, d.-n San Quentin
Jo'taC? CUnf. de? J. A. A£Ur™.depug
uty sheriff. warden San Queu-
John C. Wray, dep- tin. „,-,,.,--.
uty sheriff. Henry McC 1 v re.
Will A. Hammel. -gatekeeper ban
deputy sheriff. uent , in 7,,, ml
J. a. Aguirre. book- John C. Cline. Col
keepcr for Sheriff. lector Port Los An-
Henry Me Clure, geles ,*-„„ mi
bookkeeper for John c. Wray Col-
Sheriff, lector Internal
Captain Thornton, Revenue, ah div.,
J. under sheriff. Will A. Hammel,
J. Murietta. cashier Will A. Hammel,
for Sheriff. Sheriff Los Ange-
Captain Chappelear, lea County,
deputy sheriff. Captain Thornton,
under sheriff L. A.
County. ,
J. Murietta. cashier
Sheriff L. A. Co.
Captain Chappelear,
clerk, San Quen
tin.
— Los Angeles Herald.
"A MIDNIGHT
BELL" AT THE
CALIFORNIA
o r ■ -jIS a good thing to be given abad
dinner once In a while. It rather
makes us appreciate our ordinary
living. If all plays -were well
£b presented we should never know
the joy of leaving in the middle of the
i last act and getting out under the stars.
■ Sir Walter Scott confessed that he never
'• could repeat a story without giving it a
, new hat and cane.
The perpetrators of "A Midnight Bell
I have been still more liberal. In their
I hands it has become the medium for reci
tation and coon specialties and is less at
• tractive than tilled cheese. The New Eng
i land atmosphere that is the play makes
a half-hearted effort to be present, finds
; nothing to stand upon and falls, like
I Nineveh, never to rise again. I once had
'. a liberal faith in the play. It had stood
i the test of friendship. But last night I'
had an awakening and my thoughts took
I shape in this wise: "Time does many
! things— it ripens green fruit. It also
! makes it mtten." With the exception of
. Mr. Stockwell there is not a Yankee on
' the stage. He, as Deacon Tedd, is a most
1 amusing character. There is a mystery
j in his expressions that does not an:
I interpretation by any ordinary standards.
I If I had time I could write a book about
! them and his bow. No one who ha? not
seen him knows the beauty and ampli
tude of which the bow is capable. He
i gives us a little too much business— too
! much butter on the bread, but it is good
i butter. The other men, the clergyman,
j the lawyer, the bank president, the
the cashier, the doctor, are all of a pi< cc
i and walk around the stage with a si
grace that is ten tim. s worse than na
tural awkwardness— forlorn Odyssi
all of them, ia fruitless search for a hos
pitable shore. Theoretically a clergyman
is a man of exaited ethics, who never
! tires of good works. -Mr. Scott E
! will certainly never tire of good works
j for he will never do anything to fatigue
! himself. He walks through his part w. i
I a most exasperating air of conscious vir
i tue. In the matter of prayer he gives
"one the impression that he might at a
i pinch go through some mechanical sup-
I plication in a selected Delsarte poise war
ranted not to ruffle the sublimity of his
self-esteem or the puffs in his hair. He
i has many an unpretentious virtue, but
' they are swamped in his air of compla
i cency. A year ago I had the pleasure of
SHf-iiig Francis Yale as Lorenzo in the
"Merchant of Venice." He was splrituel
I —poetic. As Ned Alcott he seems an
| other Sisyphus, fallen from the heights
! he had reached to the humble commence
-1 ment of a new road. He may t>e making
! a fortune this way. but he is also making
a reputation as a bad actor. I hope he
does not mean to continue in this line of
work. Tis a pity to waste good material.
Miss Pearl Landers, though missing the
spirit and dash of L>ot Bradbury, acts in-
I genuously and is one day going to be
: heard from. I hope she v.-fn speedily seek
! and find the right environment for de
velopment. The other women simply
i walk around and tolerate each other. In
i "that remote and stagnant town" to live
jon such, terms would be to die. One
I character dresses her part, netherly, to
1 perfection and makes an immediate hit
!in the Virginia reel. She does nothing
else. Gus Tate will make hi? mark — when
■ he joins the vaudeville circuit. He is im
; mensely clever, but one must confess to
; a nervous shock on hearing "Shall We
; Gather at the River" viciously intoned in
a rag-time voice. The performance on a
whole calls to mind a wag's criticism of
a certain painting: "If it were not for
| the sky and the trees and the brook and
the foreground and the background and
i the general lack of atmosphere it' would
be a chef d'oeuvre!"
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
SALOON-KEEPERS KESPONSLBLE.
To Investigate the Manning Lamp-
Throwing Case.
Secretary E. 1.. Wadhaxn of the Eureka
Society f< r the Protection of Children and
John McCallan, a prominent member of
the same society, are Investigating ih«
Cornelius Manning lamp-throwing affair,
which occurred on July 5. and in which
Mrs. Kennedy and her little niece were
burned. If sufficient evidence is found
the child's case may be made a tost of by
prosecuting; the saloon man who sold
Manning the liquor. It has "been reported
that Manning received liquor while in
toxicated.
In an interview with Mr. Wad ham he
states that if the State Legislature would
pass a law similar to the one in operation
in the State of New York the public
would have some redress for the wrongs
resulting from the indiscriminate sale of
liquor. In that State .the saloon-keeper
who soils liquor to a drunken man be
comes liable for damages arising there
from.
A Murdered Baby.
The autopsy hold yesterday by Dr.
Quido Caglleri upon the body of a newly
born baby buy found last Friday in the
front garden of an unoccupied housj at
1606 Oak street revealed the fact that the
infant had lived for nt least twelve hours
after birth and had died from exposure.
Deputy Coroner Laeombe reported tha re
sult of the autopsy to the police, and" De
tectives Egnn and Silvey were detaileJ
upoq the case.
Park Music.
The Park Band will render the " following
programme to-day: \' '\ii;'* -::t :.:.:,'.>.
Overture, "Robespierre" L.itr.lf
Marceau, "On Parade" Massenett
Qunrtet, storm scene and finale from "Rlgo
letto'' * -Verdi
Intermezzo from "Pagllacd" Leoncovallo
Operatic melange Latann
Overture. "Jeanne d'Arc" Verdi
Prelude to "Lohengrin" .- .Warner
Selection. "The Serenade" Herbert
"Danse of the Hours" Ponehlelll
March, "Hands Across the 5ea"...., .Sousa
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main l'J42. •
The Kehlenbeck Murdsr.
The case of Dr. C. C. J. Waehendorf,
charged with the murder of David Kehl
enbeek. was called in Juris? Tread well' a
court yesterday and by consent the pre
liminury examination was pet for July 15.
On July IS and 14 the Santa Fe route will sell
tickets to Indianapolis and return at the very
low rate of 176. Occasion— annual meeting of
the Epworth League. Get full particular* at
the Stuta Fe office, 628 Market etreec[CLEARANCE
8 A C 1 To Prepare for
J\LjLj Fall Importations!
$50 ?nd $60 Suits reduced to $32.50 and $40.00
$30 and $40 Suits reduced to $20.00 and $25.00
$20 and $25 Suits reduced to $12.50 and $15.00
. ...SPECIAL.. ..
Box Coat Suits; in black, navy and green; well worth
$16.50; reduced to $10.00
BARGAINS IN JACKETS.
$5 and $6 quaity reduced to $3.00 and $4.00
$750 and $8.50 quality reduced to. . .$5.00 and $6.00
$12 5 j quality reduced to $7.50
$17 50 quality reduced to $10.00
$22.50 quality reduced to $15.00
$32.50 quality reduced to $20.00
Extra Quality Whipcord Jackets; fined throuahout with fare-y
tai eta silk; good va;ue for $8 50; will go at. . $5 00
Silk Capes reduced to ONE-HALF of former prices.
Got Capes, worth $8.50 and $10, reduced to $5. 00
[ dozen Percale Waists, $1 quality, reduced to. 50c
Wh te Duck Skirts, deep hem 45c
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK- SUIT HOUSE
1230-1232-1234 Market Street.
AN EVENING WEDDING
FOLLOWED BY A SUPPER
Sidney Starr and His Bride Enter
Married Life Under Most
Happy Auspices.
7.;,^- orridors of the Cali
tel re-echoed the strains of
nd the sound of happy
mingled with tl
as the friends
Sidi ey 1.. M. Starr toast
ed a: plnesa
gh life tht t him
: an hour, who was
- ide.
the wedding c
rriage c< remon »
ai St. Mary's Cathedral, made Mr.
Valleau man and w
city. Born in Vancouver.
. • , >il'p Catfc
i (arden City, N. V.
- Mr. Starr was a
te, giving particular
itball. which made him
lastei fields when he
d with all New 5 rk team.
ting Mr. Starr rame to the
i mercantili
in which he has already obtained enviable
. is woll known in this city as
utiful as well as one
ular of the younger c
■
S1 rr, brother of the groom,
man. while the maid Of
was Mis? Georgiana Davis of Bos
: • Mas?. ,
Thf> marria^f ceremony was perrormea
bj Rev. Father Prendergasl
AGAIN IN JAIL.
George Green, an ex-City Prison
Trusty. Charged With Larceny.
George Green, an ex-City Prison trusty,
attempted to steal a case of whisky from
a delivery wagon which was standing In
front of the Emporium yesterday after
■rA hy the driver and
a policeman arrived. He was
tn(?n • to the < ity Prison and for
ma!!v charged.
cording to the police, is a con
firmed 3 "' m " aK ° h ° broke a
w in a bI Sixth street.
TAN-SHOE
SALE!
We are overstocked with
HEN'S HIGH-GRADE JAN
SHOES, and will sacrifice
them all to close them out.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK
JJ3— S^\
Men's Extra-Quality Tan Vici Kid and Rus-
sia Calf Lace Shoes, with welted sewed
soles and the latest style coin toe; a $5.00
value; this week for &3.50
Men's $4. $5 and s6 Tan Shoes on our bar-
gain counter this week for 52.50
Special Values in Ladles' :
and Children's Tan Shoes.
SEE OUR WINDOWS FOR PRICES!
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
nolanHbros.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
812-814 Market Street.
and was about to help himself to some
watches when he was discovered by a
man and arrested.
He succeeded in having the charge re
duced t'> petty larceny and was senti
to six months' imprisonment. Through
some potent "pull" he was made a trusty ■
in the City Prison, from which place ne ;
was discharged about two weeks ago.
GOLDEN GATE ENCAMPMENT.
Its Officers Publicly Installed in the
Piesence of a Large Audience.
T!)-- memorial hall of the Odd Fellows* i
building was crowded to its utmost hist
night by an audience of ladies and gen
tlemen anxious to witness the installation
of th«- officers of Golden tiar« Encamp-
No. 1 of the 1. O. O. F. The new
officers were obligated by District Deputy
Grand Patriarch K. C. Black, <;. C. P.,
ted by Colonel 11. O. Brower as
grand high priest ; John Thompson, grand
C. I-. /Siegler. grand senior war
den; T. li. Morse, grand Junior warden,
and J. Forley as grand inside sentinel.
n San Francisco, in full dress unl- 1
form, added to the splendor of the -
illation ceremonies were in
progress. The new officers are: W. B.
i . chlei patriarch; s. J. Haj v
high priest; C. B. Aver, senior warden;
H.. C. G< rg - ■ i Installed foi
fifty-sixth consecutive term); C. K. Bene
dict, treasurer (twenty-sixth i>Tmj; A. H.
No well, junior warden; H. P. Lars, n,
outside sentinel; Eugene Flanders, inside
sentinel; J. Ti. Foster, first watch; W. i.
Crowell. second watch; C. A. Stahle. third
watch; H. H. Vizard, fourth watch; H.
Dow, first, and Eugene Sp.-ar. B<
guard of the tent. After the ceremony
there was a programme of musical num
bers, vocal and instrumental, an address
by ex-Congressman Charles A. Sumn<-r
and r-marks by Grand Patriarch J. W. i
Harris. This was followed by the serving
of Ice cream, cakes and lemonade to ali.
SONS OF BENJAMIN.
They Receive a Report From Their
Representative to the Grand
Lodge.
Last Thursday night there was a gen
| eral meeting 1 of the members of the Inde- j
ent Order of the Sons of Benjamin in i
a rial Hall of the Alcazar building-, '
! under the auspices of California, Pacific,
Pan Francisco, Golden Gate and Minerva
lodges, for the purpose of tendering a n -
■ a to ex-President Jacob I>ahel and
listening to hi? report of th*> doings of the
j United States Grand Lodge, which re- j
cently met in New York City in triennial i
n, and to which he was repreaenta- )
tive from this jurisdiction. [
Mrs. J. Gibbs, Mrs. K. Davidson. Mrs. ;
T.. < '. Levey. C. L. Scharff, J. Goodman, A.
Hockwald and William Baron were the \
reception committee, and Charles A. Ber- j
liner was president and I. O. Kasser sec- j
retary of the meeting.
After the ceremony of rer^ption was at :
' an end Representative .Uil>>'! presented a
' comprehensive and very interesting report
of what was done in the highest body of
the order, and what he reported was re
ceived with applause.
Subsequently ex-I're-ident L. C. Levey
of California Lodge was chosen for deputy
i grand master for San Francisco and a ;
resolution recommending him for that po
sition was ordered forwarded to the grand
master at New York.
I'pon the termination of the huslnesg !
' there was a social hour and refreshment? ;
and a collation were served.
SWALLOWED MURIATIC ACID.
Louis Peterson, a Blacksmith, While
Despondent, Attempts Suicide.
Despondent on account of his brother's
refusal to supply him with money Louis
Peterson, a blacksmith, attempted to
commit suicide last evening by swallow
ing a -wall quantity of muriatic acid. He
was removed to the Receiving Hospital.
he was relieved of the poison l»y
Dr. I>ray.
Yesterday Peterson received a letter
from his brother, who is ut Palo Alto, in
forming him that he could not comply
with his request for money. After show
ing the missive to several friends Peter
son started to drown his disappointment
!n the flowing bowl. Shortly aft.-r E
k last evening he procured a Dottle
of muriatic acid and g'>itig to a saloon at
Tenth and Folsom Btreeta called for a
glass of whisky. After drinking the liquor
Be went to the rear of the saloon and
swallowed a portion of the deadly acid.
His condition was discovered a short time
afterward and the patrol wa£on sent for.
After being taken to the hospital Pt-ter
son declared that he was sorry he had
not succeeded in killing himself, as he
was despondent and wanted to die. The
surgeons at the hospital say he will re
cover.
Had His Thigh Broken.
Yung Dick, a Chinese servant, while
walking along Powell street last evening,
wns knocked down by an unknown white
man and sustained a fracture of the right
thigh. He was at once removed to thp
R'.oivhiK Hospital, where the injured
member was set.
Uses Douglas Fenders.
The Market Street Railway Company
has reported to the Supervisors that all
its electric cars are equipped with Doug-
Las fenders, rip provided for in order No.
60 of the board.
The California Parlor, N. S. G. W.,
Will have Its 1900 celebration fund hen*>
nted by Internatolnal Cakewalk Carnival
Mechanics' Pavilion, July to 22. •
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1599.
NIPPON MARU
GOT A CLEAN
BILL OF HEALTH
The Much Fumigated
Steamer Departs.
INSANE JAPANESE SENT HOME
OREGON BOYS WILL NOT BE
GIVEN LUNCHEON.
Nothing Certain About the Arrival of
the Regiment — The Steamer Del
Norte Gets In From
Dutch Harbor.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's steamer Nip
pon Maru sailed for the Orient yesterday, i
Evprj' ounce of cargo she could carry was |
packed aboard, but there were very few j
passengers. The bubonic plague scare was
Bible, as nearly all the travelers
Who had booked to sail on the steamer ;
went by other vessels. Three tugs went
to the Angel Island Quarantine Station
with the Nippon Maru, and while one of
them took the temporary crew off the
mail boa; the others brought the old ■
CTt w from the quarantine station. As j
soon as this was accomplished the j
steamer went to sea. The officers and j
men, who had been in quarantine for ,
eleven days, are not likely to forget this ;
particular voyage to San Francisco. The
cabin and steerage passengers who came
from China -and Japan on the vessel will j
be released next Wednesday. ■ j
The entering and clearing of the Nippon •
Maru were made early, by the courtesy
of the customs authorities. As Captain ,
Allen was in quarantine, it was imjKissible
for him to gu to the Custom-house, so a '■
Custom-house officer was st-nt to him. In |
this way he made the usual declarations !
when the ship was entered, and after the
papers had been fumigated the}' w-re '
given to the officer on th»> revenue cutter
and the Nippon Maru went to the dock.
In the same way a Custom-house officer
went to Angel Island yesterday and
cleared the ship, having the papers with
Captain Allen. When the vessel reaches
Honolulu next week her paptrs will be all
regular and she will be able to present a
clean bill of health.
Before the vessel left the Mail dock a !
number of insane Japanese were put I
abuard. They were brought from the
various asylums throughout the State,
and the practice of sending a few by each
Japanese steamer will be continued until \
all the mentally affected Japanese in Call- ■
fornia have been sent home. The Nippon \
Maru only t""k away eight cabin passen
gers. She will be a little longer at Hono*
lulu than usual, as there are over 800 tons i
of freight to put out which could not be
delivered on the upward run owing to the i
quarantine. t
The America Maru, due here on the j
Htli lnst., will be five days late She also
has been quarantine d at Nagasaki. It is
to l"- hoped that she will not repeat the
experience <>f the Nippon Maru.
Th»- people who are desirous of giving;
a reception to the Oregon boys ar>- in a,
quandary. In the lirst place, they do not
know what hour of the day or night the •
transports will K<-t in. and in the second
place they do not know how long they
will remain when they do arrive, it was.
the intention of the ladies of the Red
Cross Society to give them a reception
and lunch In the ferry depot, but as the
Newport and < > > 1 1 • » may in -..: night
lat- in th-- afternon that Bcbeme I.
\n- abandoned. A number of tugs will go !
out to the vesesls If they arrive during
the day. but nothing has been arranged
for if they come in at night. Should |
they be sighted at any time between sun- ;
ris-- and sunset the siren on the Eureka
Planing Mills will be blown for five mm- j
utes. Then when the transports an- pass
ing in through the heads, probably half
an hour after the first signal, the siren
will be sounded again, and will continue j
Bounding until the steamers are anchored. !
The Governor and Mayor and a delega- I
ti<>n from the Native Sons will then jro
aboard and welcome the Oregon boys .<n
their safe return from the war. The i
chances seem to be against a parade of j
the regiment, The men will be just off a
long sea voyage and will be In no humor:
for a march over the cobblestones, but If ;
th"ir officers elect to turn them out Gen- !
eral Shatter has no objection.
The North American Commercial Com- •
pnny's chartered steamer Dei N>>rte ar- !
rived from Dutch Harbor yesterday with :
sixteen carpenters who have been at work -
nn the company's river steamers for some
time past. Dr. It. B. Chapman, who has
been locking after the health of the peo
ple on St. Paul Island for a year past, also
<ame down on the Del Norle. Captain
Allen r* ports the arrival of the steamer
H"m^r at Dutch Harbor en route for St.
Michael and (."ape Nome. She was six-
Xf'-n days making the run up from San.
Francisco. . The Del Norte made two trips
to the Seal Islands and Captain Allen re
ports that not nearly as many seal as !
usual were at the rookeries this season, j
Navigation to . St. Michael had just
opened when the Pel Norte sailed from
Dutch Harbor. The first boat down with
passengers from Cape Nome will he the '
Roanoke. The steamer T'matilla. which
sails from here on the 15th inst.. will con
nect with the Roanoke at Seattle on her
return trip to St. Michael and Cape
Nome.
The following vessels of the Alaska
Packer's fleet have been reported at Bris
tol Bay: oriental. W. H. Macy, Indiana,
Invincible. Bohemia, Coryphpne, Nicholas
Thayer, Mfrom, W. W. Case, Willie R.
Hume, Premier. Prosper, Thistle, Wig
wam and President.
LAKE TAHOE AGAIN FAVORED.
The Southern Pacific Announces a
$10.80 Round Trip Rate.
Final action was taken by the South
ern Pacific yesterday on a Friday to
Monday Tahoe excursion ticket, which
as long as the season justifies will be
sold for $10.80. This breaks the record
in point of cheapness, and at once
places that popular mountain resort
prominently to the front as a place to
spr-nd Saturday and Sunday and enjoy
pleasures that are not purchasable at
any price elsewhere.
Tickets at this rate will be good nn
the train leaving this city at 6 p. m.
Fridays, and returning at 9:4u a. m. or
8:45 p. m. Mondays, which practically
rrioans from 10 a. m. Saturdays till Sun
day nights on and around the lake en
joying all the usual privileges.
It may not be untimely to suggest
that those who contemplate going do
not put it off, as there is no way of.
telling how long the season may last.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Deceased Citizens Are Filed
for Probate.
The will of Roger Pendergast. who died
on the 3d inst., was filed for probate yes
terday. It is understood that the estate of
the deceased is large, but its exact value
Is at present unknown. The entire estate
Is devised In small amounts to many rela
tives of the deceased, who live in distant
parts of xh* I'nited States. There are no
public bequests.
The will of Dr. \% ashington Ayer, who
died February 15. was also filed for pro
bate Decedent's estate, the value of
which is unknown, is divided between hi 3
widow Augusta and his daughter, Maud
\dam? Ayer.
By the terms of the will of Isidor Cohn.
who died June 26. an estate valued at
$10,000 is devised to the widow. Bertha
Cohn.
FORTY DAYS IN JAIL.
Unwarranted Confinement of Two
Soldiers on Criminal Charges.
Andrew Hogan and B. "Whitaker. regu
lars in the United States nrmy. at prf-s
--ent stationed at the Presidio, who were
nrresteri some forty days ago on charges
ot robbery, were released from custody
yesterday by Judge Lawlor on the motion
of the District Attorney. These men, it
.seemed, were haying "a good time" In a
downtown resort and a dispute arose over
t a silver watch belonging to Hogan.
Finally Hogan took it from the hands of
a man who was holding it pending a sale
of the timepiece, and the result was that
he and his friend were arrested on the
charge named. Although there was not
a particle of evidence against either one
of them, through the negligence of the
officials they remained in jail forty days
and yesterday finally managed to secure
a hearing. On hearing the testimony in
the case a motion was promptly made for
their dismissal from custody, which the
; court granted. In discharging them
I Judge I,awlor exonerated both men and
! then turned them over to the military au
i thorities. who will place them in the
guardhouse for a day for being absent
without leave, although their absence was
due to the act of some over-zealous police
men or negligent warrant clerk.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
C. D. Hazard of Quincy Is registered at j
the Occidental.
James A. Fullerton of Vancouver is at
the California with his wire.
H. A. Jastro, an attorney of Bakers- •
field, is a guest at the Grand.
The Misses .Hope have returned to the
city and are staying- at the Palace.
A. W. Brooks, a wealthy resident of
Stockton, is registered at the Grand.
C. P. Vicini, District Attorney of Ama
dor County, is registered at the Lick from
Jackson.
R. J. Langford, Sheriff of Santa Clara i
County, is one of yesterday's arrivals at
the Lick.
J. Henderson, a wealthy cattleman of
Elko, New. is registered at the Occidental
with his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Qualey of Redwood
City have come up to the city and are i
at the California. ,
Judge A. C. Hinkson of Sacramento is j
| down to the city on a short pleasure trip.
He is staying at the Grand.
B. F. Shepard. a wealthy chemist of
Fresno, and Dr. M. T. Maupin of the same j
place are both registered at the Grand. i
R. \V. Tansall, proprietor of the Carls- j
bad Argus and head of the Pecos Irri
gation and Improvement Company of
Carslbad, N. M., is a guest at the Palace, i
William F. Herrin, attorney of the j
i Southern Pacific, who has been away on j
jan extended vacation through the Yo
; semite, returned to his office in the rail
i road building yesterday morning.
Owing to the continued illness of Rev.
; Mr. Yarrow, pastor of the Mill Valley
Congregational Church, the board of di
■ rectors have taken charge of the garden
: fete in aid of the parsonage fund, and
will carry out the details originally
, planned by Mr. Yarrow and will add new
features. The fete will take place on the
grounds of Morris Marcus, Corte Madera
avenue. Mill Valley, next Saturday after
j noon and evening.
The other even
ing a party con-
Bistlng of three
gentlemen and
two ladies were
standing near the
two ladies were
standing near the
window of the
telegraph office in,
the Palace Hotel
<|,+
+. ♦
A MODERN I
CYRANO
r^r- *r 1
DE BhRGERAC. !
*> &
+<$ *■+
Lwhen Jimßrazell, one of the old-time Vir
ginia City mining contingent, hove in
sight. Jim was dressed in a costume con
sidered the proper thing in the mines
! some twenty or thirty years ago. He had
! a light suit of clothes on. the coat of
which was cut square around and the
i trousers of which came down in peg-top
fashion over a highly polished pair of
boots thai were fitted to the small feet
; they incased to the nicety of a fractional
part of an inch. A flowing tie held his
collar ii. place and his vest was buttoned
at the bottom button alone, allowing a
| highly ornate shirt front to burst on the
: startled vision of the casual beholder with
all the splendor of the western sun shin-
Ing Through a fog bank. To make the
! picture complete a high-crowned, soft,
1 gray felt hat tipped rakishly over one eye
rested on his head at such an angle as to
! throw a shadow half way to the end of
i the quill toothpick which he chewed in a
j nonchalant manner as he tripped along
humming the refrain of one of the late
popular songs.
Jim was a picture. The admired of all
■■ beholders. Jim knew it and was proud
;of the sensation he created. The fact that
| he had dined well. If not too wisely, did
not tend to lessen his self-esteem.
But pride goes before a fall, and just
as Jim passed the party at the telegraph
; window his foot slipped from under him
' and it -was only by the exercise of con
; siderable quickness and agility that he.
j saved himself from coming in violent and
• undignified contact with the floor. As it
was, his equilibrium was considerably up
set. A titter of amusement ran through
the group at the window.
Jim turned, and, approaching the gen
tleman nearest to him, said: "Pardon me,
sir. but probably If you yourself had
fallen you could have recovered yourself
with more grace and agility than did I."
The gentleman, wishing to avoid any
i scene, assured him that the grace he dis
played was all that could be desired.
"Then, sir," continued Brazell,"you may
see something to criticize in the manner
of my locomotion?"
He was told that that was all right
also. .
"Maybe my dress docs not suit yonr es
thetic taste? Possibly you find something
to complain of in the harmony of the tune
; I was humming? Perchance the contour
of my foot does not strike your sense of
the artistic in its proportion, or it may
be the covering that incases it is what
meets with your disapproval."
He was told that his voice was like the
rippling of a mountain brook; that his
foot was a thing of beauty and a joy for
ever and that the boot which covered it
was a rare work of art.
"Is there, sir, anything In my person
ality, my dress or my behavior that you
would wish to take exception to? Can
you find aught in my being or in any of
i the articles that adorn it to provoke your
mirth?"
He was told that he was all right in
every particular.
"Then, sir"—and. doffing his hat, he
made a sweeping bow until Its crown
swept the floor—"then, .sir, allow me to
Introduce myself to your consideration as
the only modern Cyrano d© Bergerac.
Good evening."
Resuming his Interrupted tune, ha
turned on his heel and walked off, well
satisfied with the impression he had made.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July S.-J. W. Moyle of
San Francisco is at the Hoffman. Jesse
McDonald of Han Francisco is at the Xnr
mandie. A. Eloesser of San Francisco is
at the Plaza. Mrs. Elisabeth McCrutrh of
San Diego is at the Riviera. W. G. Wood
ward, M. Thall and George Davis of San
FTancisco and F. A. Lyon of Sacramento
are at the Yendome.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July S.— lrving M. Scott
and Lawrence I. Scott of San Francisco
are at the Shnreham. William H. Baker
of Los Angeles is at the Metropolitan. B.
A. Alvord of San Francisco is at the St.
James.
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" says come! "
You're ■welcome, fhronicle building, No. 61.
A Frequenter of Banks.
John Brown, a courtly looking man. ap
peared before Judge Mogaji yesterday, lie
was arrested by Policeman AValsh on a
charge of vagrancy, but it was with the
object of giving him an opportunity to
get himself cared for. He is in the habit
of dropping into the banks during husi
n. s.- hours and resting himself. He is a
peculiar character. One of the bankers
promised him a new suit whon he got out
of jail. Sergeant Lindheimer told the
Judge that he had seen Brown going up
the steps of the Hibernia Bank, but
Brown denied it. He St ten days.
Advances made on furniture and piano?, with
or without removal. J. Nocnan, 1017-1023 Mission.
APPROPRIATION
WILL NOT RUN
THE DEPARTMENT
Fire Commissioners
Ask More Money.
MEET WITH SUPERVISORS
SIXTEEN COMPANIES WILL BE
DISCONTINUED.
Conference Which, Does Not Promise
Much in the Way of an In
crease for the Com
missioners.
The Supervisors have sown a good Econ-
I omy wind and they are now reaping
. whirlwinds of prayers from every depart
i mental division of the municipal govern- j
ment. The Fire Commission met yester
day morning to discuss the fiscal appro
| priation of the Board of Supervisors to
I the Fire Department and to advise with
j the Supervisors as to remedial measures.
j The appropriation under the 51 tax limit
i allows the department $9000 monthly for
current expenses; the former monthly al
i lowance to the Fire Department was $27.
--000. At present the Fire Commission is in
I dire distress. They do not know which
i way to turn, as according to their state
; ment the money allowed them will not
i pay the necessary regular expenses of the
j department.
Besides the five Commissioners, George j
! T. Bohen, who presided, Frank G. Ed- i
j wards, Colin M. Boyd, Joseph Marshall
i and R. H. Jones, seven Supervisors and
a number of men familiar with fire insur-
a nce and department affairs were present
; to advise and discuss the straits in which
j the commission finds itself. F. W. Dohr
| mann, president of the Merchants' Asso- •
ciation; President Havens of the Under-,
writers' Association, Charles A. Layton !
and R. Jlerold also attended the. meeting.
President George T. Bohen explained
i the condition oi affairs since the resolu
tion of the Supervisors was passed cur
; tailing the appropriation to the Fire De
j partment. In tabulated form a statement
luf comparison was read. It is as follows:
i Actual cost of department last year..?6Ss,7?S 01
j Amount appropriated this year 539,300 00
| Estimated deficit ....$110.496 01
Cost per annum of each engine -S 9,000 00
Cost per annum of each chemical 6,400 00
i Cost per annum of each truck 3,700 00
i Total TZTCO^
Placed out of service, six engines — i 54,060 00
| I 'laced out of service, seven chemicals 37, W0 00
I Placed out of service, two trucks 17,400 00
| Refrain from purchase of hose 5.383 22
Refrain from purchase of horses 4.460 OJ j
I .Refrain from purchase of hydrants — 30,861 4.:
i Total $150,044 67
■ Amount over J3.» C 6.
The estimated deficit that would result
if the department expenses were the same
| for the coming year as they were last
! year would amount to $146,496 01. In order
j to avoid this deficit a wholesale slashing
| would be necessary in the management.
The commlsion lias prepared a tempor
ary plan by which the deficit may be met.
This involves the discontinuance of six
teen companies— seven engines,, seven chem
] icals and two trucks. It mil be neces
sary also to refrain from the purchase of
hose, horses and hydrants during the com
ing year unless the Fire Department is
allowed a greater appropriation.
The companies to be displaced in case of
! necessity are: Engines — No. 33, Ocean View;
I No. 32, 'Holly Park District: No. 30, Ashbury
Heights District; No. 26, Richmond District:
No. 20, Filbert street, between Webster and
; Fillmore; No. 6. 1219, Stockton street: No. 9.
320 Main street. Trucks— 6, 1152 Oak street;
; No. 7, 3050 Seventeenth street. Chemical En-
Kines— No. 1, 144 Second street; No. 2, 13*
1 Tenth street; No. 3, 112 Jackson street; No. 4,
415 McAllister street; No. 5, 027 Broadway; No.
;6, 311 Sixth street; .No. 7, 3050 .Seventeenth
j street.
Should this lopping off of companies be
put In force 142 men would lose employ
ment. The entire chemical engine appa
ratus would be unmanned and further
purchases of hose, hydrants arid h..rs>-s
discontinued. Chief Sullivan stated the
needs of the department and put the case
plainly to the Supervisors.
"This action of the Supervisors in cur
tailing the appropriation for the Fire De
gartment is something new." said Chief
ulllvan. "The idea of forcing a cut of six
teen companies and to refrain from fur
ther purchase of necessary supplies is
fraught with danger to the city. It is
simply impossible to keep away from
great danger with this new order of
things."
The seven Supervisors present — Heycr,
Perrault, Larkmann, Byington, Collins,
Deasy and Algeltlnger— were given an op-
F>ortunity to declare themselves and fight
ree of the entanglements which the Fire
Commissioners attempted to put upon
them in their endeavors to secure a greater
appropriation. President Havens of the
Underwriters and Rudolph Herold spoke
eloquently upon the necessity of sustain
ing the efficiency of the department.
They honed that the dollar limit would
be revoked if the Fire Department was to
suffer from efficiency.
"It Is better to have dark streets than
to have thr-m lighted by great conflagra
tirns." said Herold in answer to Perrault,
who wanted to know if a greater appro
priation were preferred to unlighted
thoroughfares.
The Supervisors, though exhorted to
lift the burden and promise the commis
sion more money, refused to take imme
diate action. They claimed that they
were pledged to the dollar limit and they
could not. as men of honor, go back upon
th<'ir former actions which were ruled by
an obedience to the wishes of the people.
One and all promised that if the Fire De
partment could possibly receive a greater
appropriation and a cut be made on other
departments this would be done. Collins
went so for as to say that he thought
the dollar limit basis of taxation would
have to be revoked In a measure to meet
the demands.
F. W. Dohrmnnn spnke at length upon
the question and stated that the Mer
chants" Association would review the
matter and do all In its power to help the
Fire Commission out of the dilemma. The
matter rests with the Supervisors, as it
stands now. The meeting was adjourned
till ■\ypdnesday morning at 10 o'clock,
when final action will he taken.
HIGH-PRICED GAME.
Law Violators Are Being Heavily
Fined in the Country.
The Fish and Game Commissioners are
highly pi* ased with the work of their dep.
utlee and the county wardens in arresting
I and securing the conviction of a number
of lawbreakers recently. In Mendoclno
Cotinty marly $600 in finea has been lm
; posed for killing rWr nut of season. While
; these htintors. who are in no way Bporta-
I men, would have only a week <>r two to
wait for the open season on deer to come
i in they have tnken the chances of arrest,
: arid in most cr-scs paid dearly for their
: game killing. The last punishment report
ied at the Commissioners' office was the
I fining of two hunters $50 each at I'kiah.
Game Warden Ornbaum arrested John
Harms of Layunville and Henry Mohlen
brock of San Francisco, and found thirty
deerhides in a box belonging to the man
from this city. The Commissioners say
j that it is no wonder that deer are report
ed as scarce on the opening of each sea
son wh^n such miscreants as these go
into the hills and commit such slaughter
at times when the law is supposed to
protect the game. This year, however,
there are more sportsmen's associations
for the protection of game than ever be
' fore and their co-operation with the com
] mission is accomplishing much in the en-
I forcement of the laws.
Turned Over to His Father.
Charles H. Johnson, who was accused
of grand larceny for stealing a watch and
$20 from the purser of the steamer H. J.
Corcoran, appeared before Judge
Treadwell yesterday. Johnson had been
taken before the Insanity Commissioners
on complaint of his father, who lives in
Stockton, but he was remanded back to
the City Prison The purser refused yes
terday to prosecute the case, and as *.hr>
young man's father, who was in court,
told the Judge that his son hr.d been ten
years In a private asylum and was not
responsible for hi? actions, the Judge dis
missed the case and turned him over to
his father.
„ — , — --..-. , . _ . —
■ ■ •/■•■ ADVERTISEMENTS. .■: ■•■•■•-■•
Wearying, ceaseless backache. •
Dull, exhausting and constant pain. >T
No comfort by day. No rest at night. V
5 Aches in the small of the back, pain low %
I? down in the side. No spirit for any task, no
2* hope for relief. Great numbers of women are
not free from backache from one year's end
% to another. - ' f% YTW
i Among Mrs. Pinkham's victories AjTljS'Wr Sbji
i there is none more complete than i" ""
that over backache, and the cvi- jr r^rv^^
dence of thousands of lAy Y^ »\ vP\
riich., found that her back- J^filBlSfcrfsfißS«E*J^ fs^
ache was caused by a *
Js "Dear Mrs PivkhaM""" ~^**^ ~ p-, iXM\^'^i -»^
and was very nervous. . . / / ijf frf 55 Jfc
X^ I resolved to try your medicine and took two bottles 'ill/ X*
X* of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and pn "
taking the third a tumor was expelled. I was a 1k
\| little frightened and sent for the doctor: and he said that it
tr was fortunate for me that it came away. I got quite well It
® after that and have your Compound alone to thank for my &
recovery, "y
fj The safe way to guard against trouble is *T
to get Mrs. Pinkham's advice when the back- ,
Tr ache first appears. A letter to her at Lynn, Jv
\ Mass., describing your case fully will receive ■
j| a prompt reply without charge.
" Your S¥SstSScSnQ Ss a Friend to Women*" $J
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham l wish to tell you the great good 4P
tS* your medicine has done me. Ido not feel like the same tfs
J± woman. I have suffered terribly. Had womb and kindey "^
>T trouble, leucorrhcea, very severe pains in hips and sides
of abdomen, headache, was nervous, menses were irregular.
d& I have now taken four bottles of your Vegetable Compound, &
and the backache has left me, menses are regular, can sleep r^
X*' well, and awake in the morning feeling much. rested. Your
& medicine is indeed a friend to women. I wish that I could
(£% tell every woman what a wonderful medicine it ; s. I cannot &
praise it enough. — /Irs. Anna J. Fenstermaker Pine
X[ Summit, Pa. .
% Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- %
$ pound — A Woman's Remedy #
Lfor Woman's Ills. $
16 The Greatest $i oo
PAGES. ILLUSTRATED PAPER A YEAR,
OF THE WcST-THE _________»___
WEEKLY CALL.
78
Yacht Columbia Again
Outstrips the Defender
CHAMPIONSHIP
AT GOLF WON
BY HARRIMAN
Dougias Loses to the
American.
BEST GAME OF THE WEEK
ABOUNDS IN PRETTY WORK
WITH THE IRONS.
The New "King of the Links" For
merly a Football Player of Re
nown on the Princeton
College Team.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ONWEXTSIA CLUB GOLF COURSE,
LAKE FOREST. hi July S. -Herbert M.
Harriman of the Meadowbrook Golf Club
of Hempstead. 12 1., ' -day won the ama
teur po'.f championship of America from
Fir.dlay D. Douglas, who won the ehnm
pior.ship last year. The score was three
up. two to play. The game was by long
odds the most exciting that has been
played in the week's tournament, and
when the old Princeton football player
finally holed down on the thirty-fourth,
bringing the coveted championship to
himself, the crowd broke into enthusiastic
cheering and Harriman was nearly lifted
off his feet by. the crush to congratulate
him.
For the first time amateur golf cham
pionship tournaments have been held in
America an American-born golfer holds
the honors, and this fact was most com
mented on by golfers to-night, who believe
it will go far toward popularizing th
game in the United States. Harriman's
work with the irons during the morning
game was pronounced the prettiest teen
during the tournament, although the
jnedal score (*1 > was one more than that
made by Douglas earlier in the week. But
hi? playing was a marvel of steadiness
and although Douglas almost invariably
I outdrove him the difference was not enough
to materially affect the result, and the
Meadowbrook man's appro; and work
on the greens forced Douglas to play the
odd in nearly every instance. Old golfers
—men who learned the game* on the links
in Scotland— pronounced Harriman's p!ay
Euperior to nny ever shown in a tourna
ment in the United States and fully equal
to amateur playing in Scotland. Douglas
on the contrary, especially during the
morning, was sadly out of form in his
putting, and although during th*- after
noon he made a remarkably game uphill
fight, the handicap of tight down, the
result of the morn play, was too
great for him to overcome.
Conditions were far from favorable for
first-class 1 golf during the morning, the
high wind which swept over the links
rendering good driving extremely difficult
-on the first, second, third, tenth, eleventh,
twelfth, thirteenth and fourteenth holes.
But this apparently did not affect _ tne
; playing of either man. and their drives
were nearly all long and splendidly
placed. Douglas 1 poor short iron work
was fatal. Time and again during the
morning he lost holes or missed oppor
tunities to halve by missing puts of from
one to two yards. During the afternoon
the young Scotchman, with the score
nine-' in favor of Harriman, played
desperately. Playing bogey or better and
taking advantage of any misplay by his
opponent Douelas slowly but surely re
duced the lead.
But at last an error of judgment settled
the question. On the -fourth, the
"baby" hole, where Dougias had fallen in
the morning, h,e used his brassie and
drove far beyond into the trees. Harri
man smiled grimly as he saw the little
guttapercha ball alight in the grove, and.
taking his mid-iron, he lofted his ball to
a beautiful lie squarely on the green.
"With ..... disappeared Douglas' last
chance, for. a moment later. Harriman
holed his ball and the championship was
lost and won.
Mr. Douglas found some consolation in
his defeat fur the championship by win
ning the three-handed tie for the bronze
medal in the qualifying round on Monday.
Douglas' score was forty-two for the nine
holes played. W. J. Travis making it in
forty-four. D. R. Fcrgan gave up at the
eighth hole.
The annual golf tournament ball was
held in the Onwt-ntsia Clubhouse to-day,
marking the formal closing of the tourna
ment of I>&9.
At 2:2." p. m. Harriman teed off for the after- .
noon play. His drive ■'..:■ a*. -i die,
a full 200 yards. Douglas was about ten yards
fanner. Harriman's rrashie shot put him well
en the green. Douglas' approach going over.
Playing the odd, he was short by five yards.
Harr. - made a nice put to within a foot
of the hole. Douglas missed a long tut by
inches and Harriman holed in four. Harrlman,
9 up.
Both made splendid drives for the twentieth.
Harrin-.ans aprrL.a<~h put was uphill and poorly
played. Douglas overputted^ but got a good
lie. Harriman was a trifle short on his third.
Again the champion overputted. but played two
holes, ar.rt it wa? halved in four.
Harriman got a fine |ie on his drive for the
twenty-tirFt. Douglas was unfortunate, getting
into a wagon rut. His maahie shot was sliced,
but. playing two. he lofted nicely on to th»
gr^en. On the lik & Hani man's -shot was ov?r.
Douglas raa.ie a pretty approach pitch within
two yards of th« hole. Harriman was short
In his put,, but Douglas, playing the '-'■ 1. "
mt?sed his put. Harriman also bungled and
the hole was halved.
Harr:: drive for the twenty-second hole
was putted, but his inirJiron shr>t laid him on
the edge of th» gre^n. Douglas approached
well on the gr<-en, and, playing the like, rim
med the cup on a. fifteen-yard put. Harriman
missed a three-yard put and Douglas holed in
four. Hnrrirran, fa up.
Douglas drove w^il or. a line for the twenty
third. Harriman again patted his drive, but hfc
iron shot was I. a!, putting him almost out of
bounds and in a poor lie. Douglas' approach
laid bin d-»ad r.n the green. Playing the odd,
Harrin was away short, and, playing an
other, he rimmed the cup. With two for the
hole, Douglas made it ir. four. Harriman. 7 up.
Douglas outdrove Harriman five yards for the
twentv-foufth. Harriaian's brassie shot was
well placed en the green, but Douglas" shot
was perfect, landing him within two yards of
the hole. Piaying the odd, [arriman was
ehort, and. playing two m«ir«, he missed a
three-yard put with two for the hole. Douglas
putted to the rim of the cup and hrnled in four.
Harriman. 6 up. '•-. . ■■
Douglas' drive for the skookle was to a good
I!*>. Harriman was silently pulled and he
barely cleaned the mashie. His hazard shot
put him In the road hazard. Douglas drove
into casual water, but Harriman on his third
pitched into the skookle and the hole went to
Douglas. 5 to 6. ■Harriman, ', up.
Douglns drove into the hazard for the boom
erang hole, but was well out In two. Harri
man's approach was to a good lie on the green.
Playing the odd. Douglas putted within three
yards of the cup. Harriman was over in his
put and playing tirel. again missed. Douglas
missed a two-yard put and the hole was halved
Driving for the twenty-seventh hole, both
rot good lies. Harriman eclaffed his mashie
approach, but on his third he pitched well, on
the grern. Douglas' mashie shot was a good
lie and his fourth was within « yard of the
hole Piaying the odd. Harriman overputted
and Douglas won it. 4 to 5. Harriman, -4 UP.
Douglas made n ppl«r. lid drive for the twen
tv-elKhth. Harrlman's was to a cuppy lie.
V«ing his brassie he drove well ont, but lost
th* distance. and playing the odd his iron shot
was idly putted. Douglass made a splendid
approach shot, landing within five yards of the
hole Harrlman's fourth laid Douglas a styme.
The latter played safe to one side, but Harri
man. by a beautiful four-yard put, halved the
hole' in" five. ~ : y-
For the twenty-ninth Douglas a* usual out
drove Harriman. Their maahie approaches laid
them i.-a.l on th« green, but Harriman was
over on Mr third, and playing the odd, missed
a two-yard put. and E»ouglass went down in
four, Harriman 3 up.
Approaching the thirtieth hole, both were, on
the green in three. Douglas rimmed the hole
en his fourth, on an approach pitch of twenty
yards and the hole was halved In five.
Douglas"" drive for the thirty-first was shorter
than Harriman' s, but was to a good lie. His
low brassy shot went Into the bunker, but
bounded out to a good lie on the green. Harrl
man's went low and was slightly sliced. Play
ing the odd, he over pitched and Douglass laid
him ■ Ptvme. Harriman attempted to play
safe, but wont too far. Douglas missed a two
yard put and the hole was halved In five.
Driving for the thirty-second. Douglas was 30
yards to the good, his shot going about 223
yards HaTiman's brassie shot cleared the
bunker, but was slightly pulled. Douglas, using
»>i« Iron, overpltched to a poor He, and, playing
' another, again overran rh» cup. Hai
short in hip approach Playing tii
las overran a yard. Harriman i utted wlthJn a
yard of the cup. Douglas downed fn i
i h.- 1p was halved.
Harriman sliced badly on his drive for the
thirty-third, and his brassie shot was short.
Douglas' second struck the end of the bunker
and bounded into the long grass. His third
overran, though landing well, and, playing one
more, he was short. Harriman. playing the like,
putted within a yard of the cup. Douglas holed
in .'. and Harriman, with an easy chance to be
come dormie, miFsed an easy put. Harriman
two up.
Douglas drove far into the tr<=e<= for the
thirty-fourth, with a euppy lie. Karriman used
his mashie and landed fairly on the green.
Playing the odd. ...... overran the
hole by eight yards. Harriman overran the
cup on a fUteen-yard r.ut. Douglas' put was
to the right, and. playing another, he rimmed
the cup. Harrimsn then fully cleared the gras,s
between his ball and the cup. and then holed it,
and the amateur championship was his.
SUPERBAS ONCE MORE
STRIDING FORWARD
Pitcher Hughes Almost Succeeds in
Shutting Out the Quaker
City Team.
Nat: : ■ LEAGUE STANDING.
ClubE— W. L. Pel Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 48 22 .654 jPiU^burg ...So 33 .515
Boston" 42 26 .618 Cincinnati ..33 31 .433
Chicago 40 26 .606|New i'0rk...30 0~. Ai>
Philadelphia 40 2T .597 Louisville ...27 43 .386
Baltimore ...3£ 2S .576 Washlrvton 23 4? .324
St. Louis 39 29 .574 Cleveland ...12 54 .IS2
NEV,' YORK, July S.— The Phillies got two
hits in both the sixth and ninth innings
with Brooklyn to-dny. thereby escaping a shut
out. In the other seven Hughes dished up an
' assortment of curves that the visiting sluggers
could not touch. The Brooklyns won the gam»
in the fourth by bunching three hits. iv:th as
many bases on balls. Attendance. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
'. Philadelphia - * *
Brooklyn b S 1
.■■•'•■ and McFarland; Hughes
and Smith. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
PITTSBURG. July $.— Pittsburg split even in
the series with Chicago by shutting out the
Orphans to-day. Leever was in fine form and
allowed no hits until the seventh inning.
Phyle was touch*-! uj. effectively after the third
Inning. Atten.Jar.ee, 35*. Score:
Clubs- P.. H. E.
Pitu-burg 6 W 3
Chicago '' *."
Batteries— Leever ar.d Schriver; Phyle and
Donahue. Umplres^Swartwood and Hunt.
LOUISVILLE, July S.— The Colonels made it
four straight to-day. Both teams played good
' ball and It was anybody's game until the last
man was retired Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Louisville '- 11 3
Cincinnati ■• 1- ..
Batteries — Cunningham and Powers: Hahn
and Wood. Umpires— (Jaffney and Latham.
■ - ■■
BALTIMORE. July «.— But one game was
played here to-day with Washington; and Bal
timore won that after a somewhat featureless
contest. A double-header v.as expected, but
rain delayed the beginning for half. in hour
and at the end of the third inning of the. sec
end grp.me McDonald brought matters to a close
on account of darrVess. caused by another
storm. At that time the score was tied, each
[»am having secured one run. Attendance,
lbs— R. H. E
Baltimore 4 12 l
Washington •• 1 " 1
Batteries— Hill and Robinson; Weyhlng and
Slagle. Umpires— McDonald and Manassau.
?T. LOUIS, July S.— The Perfectos had their
batting clothes on to-day and captured two
games from the Exiles. Sf. Louis came near
losing the first through loose, fielding, but a
baiting rally In the tenth won out for them.
Attendance, 5100. Score, first game:
Clubs- R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 17 6
Cleveland 4 : 1
Batteries— Toung, O'Connor and Criter; Knep
per and Schreckongost. Umpires— o' Day and
IT.
.- ■
R H. E
... -; 14 3
7 4
Batteries— Fudhnff and Crieer: Hughey and
Sugden. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr.
BOSTON. July s. — Rain prevented to-day's
game between New Torfc and Boston.
FIRST TO THE WIRE.
Winners of Running: Races on the
Eastern Tracks.
. ■
- and a half furlong?
■
M M won, f'arda
■
bird. Tim«-.
.
Two miles— Teut -n w I, Ban
-11 third. Tin • .
.
itherer
rt third. Time,
NEW YORK, July i.— Results at Brighton
Beach:
Five furlongs, selline— Bold Knight won,
Mynheer second. Vendig third. Time. 1:02 1-5.
One and a sixteenth miles Hannockhurn won.
Merry Prince second, Azucena third. Time. 1:47.
■Undergraduate, five and a half furlongs-
Flaunt won. Short-ham second. Mischievous
third. Time, 1:08 3-5.
Pix furlong?. Belling— Skyscraper won, Rinal-
Time, 1:14 8-5.
Thp Billow =ta'S'-?. one mile -Beula
[la second Lackla id third. Time, 1:41 i-f>.
The Chantilly hurdle handicap, imip
half FiTEct won. Premier ■
third. Time, 2:47.
ST LOUIS. July B.— Track Blow. Results:
One mile selling— Mitchell won. Moralist sec
ond Wilson (barred) third. Fortmsh fourth.
Selling seven and a half furlongs— Dr. Graves
won Sir Joseph Lister second, Easter Card
third. Time. 1:39.
Selling- one and a Quarter miles— Chimura
won. School Girl second. Hushflelds third. Time.
2 '15
Handicap two-year-olds, five and a half fur
longs'—Thrive won. Alice Turner second. El
Caney third. Time. 1:10.
Handicap, one and a sixteenth miles—Raf
faelo won. ■..-. , Planter second. Crocket third.
Handicap six furlongs— wen, Richard
J second. Lord Fairfax third. Time, 1:15%.
BtTFFALO July B.— At Fort Erie to-day the
w*-Hther was' threatening an.l the track heavy.
'six furlongs Simon won. Windward second,
Domineer third. Time, I:22W<
Five furlor.gs— Sidney Lucas won. Advance
Guard second. Basle third. Time, 1:06%:
Five furlongs— Triune won, Carlotta C second,
Tvran third. Time. 1:04.
"Mile and an eighth, handicap— Down Town
won, Topmast second. The Gardener third.
Tim», 2:<sl=i. ; , ,
Th« Cascade, purse fIOOO. seven furlongs—
Jude-e Wardell won, Tohe Payne second, Da
moclts third. Time. 1:43%. .
Handicap steeplechase, full course, about two
and a hall miles— Eli Kendig won. Brack Jim
mle second. Dr. O'Brien third. Time, ii:i&=i.
Protest of Marin Sportsmen.
SAX RAFAEL, July B.— The unpopular
ity of that clause in the new Mark! Coun
ty game ordinance making it illegal to
hunt with a repeating shotgun led I
■
C. W. Hibbard and W. S.
ilcher. t i th«
--• discriminated against many local
sportsmen as against members of th'
large clubs, while the intent of the law
rved by tl making i<
■ fill to kill more than a ~j
number of i.mis in a day. In ca> I
repealed. Dr. Hibbard de
: a teat of the whoie ordinance
would 'be made, and he as I could
unconstitutional. The qu<
was taken under i I by the
and a decision will l<e given on the
17th inst.
WXLL HAVE A PAPER CHASE.
San Rafael Hunt Club to Revive the
Sport This Week.
SAN RAFAEL. July S.-The San Rafael
Hunt Club has finally ftcekle.i that golf
shall not have a monopoly this season as ;i
society game. At a meeting <>f the org un
ixation lust evening it was decided that
the Initial paper chase of the bi
Should take place next Saturday.
New officers were elected as fol!ow«:
President. Dr. H. O. Hewitt: Been
and treasurer. A. H. Bocqueraz; direc
tors — Dr. Howitt. A. H. Bocqu'-raz, Fred
H Green. Jonathan J. Crooks and Baron
J." H. yon Schroeder.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Se\-enth 6trect. corner Mission. Bait
water direct trvm tbe wc«a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
SPORTS IN THE EAST
THE BIG YACHTS
TRY THEIR SAILS
CHALLENGER
ON A LONG
TRIAL SPIN
Stands Up Stiffly in the
Teeth of a Strong
Wind.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1593, by James Gor
don Bennett."
SOUTHAMPTON*. July B.— At 10 o'clock
this morning' the America's cup challenger
Shamrock spoke to the world when she
made a shot into the wind, having oomo
■ -i Lter in order to trim
Her great mair sail i : .
•' forty worked like
work in their chararteri=tic green
■.
It was almost. a clean run of eight miles
to Needles. Very soon the foresail and
flying jib were broken out with a jib
headed topsail, hoisted beneath ?v bloody
hand on white ground, the pennant of the
Royal Ulster Yacht Club. That was all
the sail she carried during: the spin,
which lasted for seven hours and twenty
five minutes. On the run down the Sham
rock appeared sluggish. Her mainsail
puckered badly in the after leach, but top-
COLUMBIA AND DEFENDER AT ANCHOR OFF NEW ROCHELLE.
The cup yachts Columbia and Defender have In the • intervals of their races been anchored off the New R<-,ch<>lle
Clubhouse on Long Island Sound, where they have attracted much attention during the week past.
sail, flying jib and foresail were perfect.
Her mainsail; remarkably peaked, attract
ed attention. «' ; V
Outside the Needles there was a good
sailing breeze) The Shamrock came about
on the starboard tack, close hauled for
the each to westward. Then, as though
now life had been infused in her. she
started off. leaving everything with pails
standing", only the quickest steamers man
aging to keep level with her.
The wind was now northwest. The
Shamrock, it became evident, was a stiff
boat, standing up like a church In the
strong breeze, and while she was sloshing
up under her bobstay she left the water
very clean. From these facts yachtsmen
can "draw their own conclusions.
Nearing with the boom to starboard.
which, notwithstanding its size, caused
no perceptible list of the boat, and reach
ing back to Calshot, she met a stiff gale,
going straight into the wind toward home
on this last Tacking.
When the Shamrock returned the wind
had effectively blown out all the defects
of the mainsail previously mentioned. It
looked as nice a stretch of canvas as one
would wish to see. setting remarkably
well for the first day. During the spin
the Shamrock was smartly handled, the
spinnaker and Jackyard topsail not being
used. .
At Cowes and Ryde much excitement
was aroused when it was known the
Shamrock was out. On her return to
Southampton the fleet of yachts met her.
Sir Thomas Lipton, on the Erin, accom
panied by his guests. Admiral Lord Clan
willan and Lady Clanwillan and Lord
and Lady Lovelace, steamed out to see
the Shamrock.
TIED FOR FIRST PLACE.
Wheelmen Taylor and Bowler in a
Dead Heat at Chicago. '. - ■
CHICAGO, July B.— The national circuit
meet of the League of American Wheel
men at Parkside to-day packed the
grounds. Fully 3000 persons witnessed
good and exciting racing, and saw
"Jimmy" Bowler run Major Taylor to a !
dead heat in the mile national champion
ship. Summary:
One mile, national championship, professional
--Major Taylor and James Bowler tied for first.
Nat Butler'third. Time, 2:17.
i Two-mile handicap, professional— Nat Butler
! (20 yards) won, Barney Oldfleld (65 yards) sec
ond. Major Taylor (scratch) third. Tim», |
4-40 1-5.
Professional multicycle handicap, two miles—
Phillip" Newkirk, Van Ness and Lavigne on a
quad first, Nat Butler on a single second. Ma
jor Taylor and Tom Butler on a tandem third.
Time not taken.
TOM COOPEB/S VICTORY.
Wins the Gi-and Circuit Mile Event
at Berkeley Oval.
NEW YORK. July S.— The grand circuit
of the Nattonal Cycling Association began
this afternoon at Berkeley Oval, and \
nearly 100 individual bicycle riders took
part in the events. The grand circuit open j
professional event at a mile was cleverly
won by Tom Cooper of Detroit by a j
. of inches. Scarcely a foot sep- j
arated the four men. Summary:
Grand circuit mile open professional —
Final heat won by Tom Cooper; E. H. |
Ki**er Dayton, second; Bob Walthour,
Atlanta third. Time. 2:06 4-5.
Professional half-mile handicap— Final ;
heat won by P. A. Raymond. Greenwich,
Conn, (70); R. A. Miller. Galveston (48), I
second; I. W. Lawson, Chicago (45), third;
W. E. Becker, Minneapolis (40), fourth, i
Time, 0:56.
Woodland vs. Colusa.
WOODLAND, July B.— The Woodland
baseball club will meet the Colusa ciub at
Colusa to-moirow.
EVEN THE
DECKS ARE
OF METAL
Wood Scarcely Used in the
Construction of the
Shamrock.
Special Cab!» to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SOUTHAMPTON, Eng., July B.— The
Shamrock, with her light green glis
tening sides, lies off Hythe, which is
almost opposite here, in the bay. just
at the mouth of the Achen. Her pe
culiar color makes her very conspicu
ous. She is the object of constant at
tention. She- lies almost in the direct
route of incoming and outgoing steam
ers. The passengers of the last out
going American steamer lined up and
gave the Shamrock three rousing
cheers, which the crew of the racer re
plied to with re-echoing heartiness.
Yachts in number from Ryde, Cowes,
South Sea and Southampton hover
about the green racer. Opera glasses
and telescopes are raised, with eyes full
of curiosity behind them. The usual
remark after scrutinizing her is:
"What a boom th-' Shamrock has."
On board all is movement. She has
two captains — Wringe and Hogarth.
She needs both. They have their work
cut out. Remember that she has ji n
enormous canvas area of 14,000 square
feet, with its » ndlesa tackle and ac
companiments to be looked after and
dealt with. All that canvas is the most
finished work of the creat-st sail mak
ers of the world — Lapthorne & Ratsey.
They are far from being ordinary sails,
but ar^ made of the finest selected sea
Island cotton. They are very, very
dear, but exnense has not been con
sidered in this particular point any
mure than in any .-thtT Whatever
money can get has been got. Never
has a yacht so equipped !» s ft England.
Fife, her o>s;ign"r. has put his entire
mind, all his well-known genius, and
th^ full results of his long experience
into tlv- Shamrock. !!>• Jealously over
set a every detail of fitting up.
File- the most silent of men— will not
speak; having been h^r creator, he now
is silent, vigilant guardian of his prreat
work — its sentinel. Even Sir Thomas
Ldpton's closest friends are not allowed
aboard. But nevertheless were he to
speak, Fife would say:
"We have £"t a flyer; we have a
yacht much better than anything be
fore known here. If the Americans
beat us they will have to work hard
for it. Don't let you American yachts
men think that you are going to have
a run-away triumph."
There are at least two persons here
who are much interested and who be
lieve that the Shamrock stands more
than a good chance of bringing home
the cup. That best and most skilful
English yachtsman, known as "Willie"
Jameson, who, like Fife, is a man of
few words, has spoken highly of her.
He is a yachtsman who has so many
times steered the Britannia to victory
and who used to be invincible with the
Iverna.
I^ocal people, who all know a hit
about yachting, are very much taken
with the Shamrock. She is a racer's
craft, they say. She reminds them of
the lines of the Navahoe, but then, of
course, the spars are ever su much
larger. The mainmast is vast, and the
topmast is in proportion. Her llyin?
jihhoom seems to stretch out over forty
feet.
But what strikes one most about the
Shamrock <>n close examination is that
there is scarcely a bit of wood about
her at all. Her entire hull is of metal —
thin metal. What we see below th»
light green paint of the boat-topping
is glistening bronze. The deck is
covered with canvas, but from the
noise it makes when men walk over it
it must evidently be of metal. The
water splashes up against the beautiful
overhang of stem and re-echoes a me
tallic response. But the noise shows
that the shell is thin. Her boom and
gaff, as already known, are hollow
steel. The big mainmast is of steel.
The long spinnaker boom, which is
stowed, as it reaches within a foot of
the topmast, is of steel. The topmast
is of wood and the crosstrees of Ameri
can ash. The jibboom is a beautiful
bit of wood. All the rigging is of wire,
and appears exceedingly light, with
much of tackle of corrugated steel. The
report that the Shamrock has a center
board is pure nonsense.
COLUMBIA
BEATS THE
DEFENDER
Satisfactory Test of the
Speed of the Two
Yachts.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
] NEW YORK. July B.— At last the bis
I sloop yachts Columbia and Defender have
I met in a battle-royal that has been satis
-1 factory to all concerned. In a strong and
fairly" steady breeze and smooth water
they sailed over a course of about twenty
six miles to-day, and in covering that
' distance the Columbia fairly and squarely
outsailed the Defender by S^inutes 13
seconds actual time.
If the Columbia, after measurement, is
: found to allow the Defender two minute?
! she will still have beaten her by 1 minute
il3 seconds. That means that she can beat
i her now over a full thirty-mile course by
J at least two minutes, corrected time, and
\ that when she is tuned up. say by the
■ September races, she will easily beat her
[ five minutes, which is all that is required
of her. 
1 To-day's race was as fine a smooth-
w.-it<>r tf-st as the yachts may ever expect
t< get. Here are the official figures show
ing the times of each yacht:
Boat— Start. Finish. Time.
Columbia 12:40:53 3:2»:03 2:43:16
Defender ... 12:40:41 3:27:10 2:46:2)
On the first leg of the course, a reach
of about four miles, with a beam wind,
the Defender gained two seconds. On the
second leg of six miles, in which there
was some windward work. the Columbia
gained 1 minute 53 seconds. On the third
leg. a three-mile run before the wind, with
spinnakers set. the Defender gained six
seconds. On the first leg the secord time
around the Columbia gained 1 minute, 11
seconds: in the close-hauled work on the
second leg she gained only 36 seconds, and
in the run to the finish the Defender
gained 43 seconds.
The only unfortunate part of to-day's
event was the fact that both of the yachts
sailed the wrong course. It was. In fact,
the feature of the day. and the strange?
action of those in charge of the yachts
kept every one guessing as to the ultimate
result.
The fir-* !<-g of the course n-as to have
been tight milfs long, the turning point
being off Stamford, Conn. Th*> yachtsmen
of the Riverside Club were having a rate
• sound. They set their turning
point un the course the Columbia a-H De
fender wore to sail over, but only four
miles from their starting- point. Whi n,
after an exciting luffing match. Captain
Rhodes saw this mark, he promptly kept
the Defender off and rounded it, and for
a while no one knew whether it was a
r> j al race or not.
C. Oliver Iselin explained matters when
seen aft*>r the race. He said:
"The Defender made the mistake and
we simply followed her to make a race.
It has turned out a good one. We are
very well satisfied with it all around. We
both made a mistake, but it has been the
best all-around race we have yet had. I
am satisfied that the Columbia is the bet
tor boat, but she will go to Bristol and
have her sails recut before she races
again."
The regatta committee says that the
event will be considered as a race and
Commodore Postley probably will award
the cup to- the Columbia.
LARCHMONT. X. V.. July S.— The Co
lumbia, in running in' for her moorings
after to-day's race, fouled the Defender 3
boom .with her port topmast shroud and
afterward by the topmast backstay,
bending the Defender's hollow steel spar
almost at right angles. The Columbia
was uninjured and immediately afterward
caught her own moorings. The Defender
will go to Bristol on Monday, where the
damaged boom will be straightened and
if ntcessary spliced.
HAVE NOT BEEN MATCHED.
McCoy Will Not Fight McCormack
in August.
BOSTON, July R.— B. H. Benton, rep
resentative of "Kid" McCoy, says the
announcement sent out from Chicago
last nig-ht that McCoy had been match
ed to fight "Jack" McCormack of Phil
adelphia on August 8 was a mistake, as
McCoy has canceled all engagements
and declined to make new ones, in the
expectation of arranging a promised
fight with Fitzsimmons.
A prospective match between Byers,
the colored fighter, of this city, and
Choynski is off, the reason being given
that Choynski draws the color line.
"Billy" Hill of this city has chal
lenged "Kid" Parker, who defeated
"Jack" Carrig last night.
Fought to a Draw.
NEW YORK, July B.— At the Green-
Amateur Golf Championship
Of America Won by ffarriman
wood Athletic Club to-night "Tommy"
Sullivan of Brooklyn and "Johnnie
Richie of Chicago fought twenty fast
rounds to a draw.
Sale of Haggin's Yearlings.
NEW TORK, July 8.-*Tbe World's
cable from London says: The sal^ of
eighty-seven yearlings from J. B. Hag
gin's Rancho del Paso stud, in Califor
nia will be a great feature at Newmar
ket next week, for px present there is a
boom in American blooded stock.
FIRE AT THEVOLTA
ELECTRICAL EXHIBITION
Defective Wires Cause a Destruction
of the Buildings and Many
Valuable Belies.
COMO. Italy. July B.— The Volta Electri
cal Exhibition was entirely destroyed by
fire to-day, due to defective electric
wires. Many relics of Volta perished.
There was no loss of life. The firemen
succeeded in saving a number of the prin
cipal effects of Volta.
The fire broke out in the marine gallery
and spread with marvelous rapidity owing
to the combustible nature of the build
ings and their contents. Many visitors
fled in a state of panic. Two gas meters?
exploded with a report that was heard a
distance of several miles, and the im
mense column of smoke which arose, was
visible in Milan, twenty-eight miles away.
The insurance on the property destroyed
is light, being only 1.000.000 lyre, exclusive
of what was carried by individual ex
hibitors.
NEW ROUTE TO LAKE COUNTY.
Road Building Advocated by the
People of Woodland.
WOODLAND, July B.— The sale of the
Knoxville quicksilver mines to parties
who say they will put in a lot of new
machinery, con-- rud t of new 1
and make oth^r substantial Improvements
. ■ ■ ■ ■ _ .ration that
may rt-suit in opening r and more
direct route from Yolo and adjoining
counties to L,ake and Mendocino counties.
The tf-rminus of the railroad line is Rum-
Bey, in the extr-me waetern portion i
pay Valley. From that point to the Knox
ville mir.es the distance is only sixteen
mil^s. by way of Cache Creek Canyon. The
roads are already passable for light wag
ons and small loads, the grades are eas>
and the expenditure of an insignificant
sum of money, considering the advan
tages to b^ derived, would make the road
a comparatively easy one for the largest
freight wagons.
Ail freight for the mines is now deliv
ered by steamer to Napcu Big waj:or.s
are rm'ployed thence to transport it over
the mountains to Knoxville. Five "lays.
or practically th>> whole week, an
quired to make a roii::d trip. If the road
is put into ion the round
tween Rumsey and Knoxville can
be made in two days. Another good re
h:;!< would >'<■ to shorten the route from
YnJo and Sacramento to j.ak.- County and
induce a great deal of th^ freight and
• nger traffic of that f'rtil<= section of
lss through v I I bounty.
Both : ?d and the Yolo County
would profit enormously by the
truction of such a r< -.- ■■'. A 1 present
the railroad does not carry a pound of
freight destined for the mines. Yolo
• ". ' nty would secure the trade of 150 men
to be employed in the mines when they
are again put into operation.
GOLD OF ROBERT
MILLS THE PRIZE
New Move Made in the
Litigation.
Sr*clal Dispatch t« Th* <~~^\.
REDWOOD CITY, July S.— Mrs. Miran
da B. Mills, the administratrix of the es
• of the late Robert Miils. yesterday
the final account of her administra
tion of the estate, at the same time pe
titioning that the residue of the estate
now in li^r ha- -rrihuted to the
i" r» ms • atitled chr n
The account is a voluminous document.
.sing twenty-seven pages of type
write:! matter covering a period of al
mosi two years. It shows that the ad
ministratrix has received in cash during
h-r administration *4-V.">3 7 5 . The total re
ceipts other than cash, consisting of real
estate, promissory notes and miscellane
ous personal property, amount to $'S-1.
--!.■>•» 4S, making a grand total from all
sources of $369,812 2<v After paying all ex
penses of administration there remains in
her hands ready for distribution valuable
real estate in San Mateo County and in
the city and county of Snn Francisco, be
sides $27.-7.: ll in cash. In her petition for
a distribution she names certain sisters
and the children or the deceased sisters
and brothers of Robert Mills as the
heirs, who. with hers entitled to
the whole of the '--Mate, and further al
that "there are no other lu-irs of
decedent."
On two different occasions prior to the
filing of the final account proceedings had
Instituted by Robert Chatham and
Maria K. Chatham to determine heirs hip
under section 1664 •>f ttin Code of <"ivil
Procedure. The first proceedings were
stricken out on account of s >me irregu
larity, but were immediately ■ "rnmenced
anew by the sam^ pern as, who claim to
be the children of the deceased. Should
th'ir claims be sustained the widow will
cam* in for one-third of the estate and
the oth^r two-tnirda will go to the rhat
hams. Should th>'.v he defeated the
widow will be entitled to one-half, and
the other half will be divided among the
heirs of Robert Miils. most of whom are
non-residents of the State.
There are two cases pending before the
court, one to determine heirsnip and the
other final distribution. The same result
will be obtained under either, though the
latter appears to be the more simple. The
tinal outcome is awaited with a great
deal of interest here, both on account
of the value of the estate and the promi
nence of Mr. Mills In his liietime. Rob
ert Mills di<"l intestate In this county
about two years atf". leaving no children.
PEACE CONFERENCE TO
ADJOURN UNTIL SPRING
During the Recess Czar Nicholas Will
Visit the Principal European
Countries.
LONDON, July EL— A t^leerram from St.
Petersburg asserts that the Hague o.ir
ferenee will adjourn at the end of July,
the members agreeing t<> reassemble in
the early spring, and that during the in
terval Emperor Nicholas will visit the
principal European countries.
— . « . —
Bishop of Panama Dead.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
. Herald. Copyrighted, 18», by James Gor
don Bennett. .
PANAMA. July S.— The Right Rev. Jose
Alejandro Peralta, Bishop of Panama.
died early this morning, after a week's
illness with grip. ••: ..
General Julio Renjifo, until -lately Co
lombian charge d'affaires in Washington
has been appointed Minister of the Treas
ury at Bogota by President Saclemente.
Placer's Assessment.
AI'BT'RN". July I— County Assessor
Mitchell has completed his work and his
return places Placer County's assessable
property at a trifle over 19.000,000 or prac
tically the same as last year.
Ag-uirre Names a Democrat.
PAN QTENTTN PRISON. July B,—
Warden Aguirre has appointed ex-Sheriff
Henry Harrison chief engineer of the
prison, to succeed John Young. This is
the first Democratic appointment the
Warden has -made. It is rumored that
twelv* guards will be disp!aced within
ten days.
EILERS* SMELTER CLOSED.
Strikers Induce the Workmen to
Leave Their Posts.
PUEBLO, Colo.. July B.— The Ei>rg'
smelter at this place, one of the trust
plants which resumed operations a few
days ago, was again shut down to-day.
Members of the Smeltermen's Lnion in
duced the workmen to come out. The
company claimed fn have 350 men work
ing and all bat about fifty refused to
work to-day. The company at once or
dered the fires drawn. There were ru
mors of a serious collision between the
strikers and the guards at the smelter.
but investigation showed little foundation
for the story. The strikers have been
careful not to trespass upon the compa
ny's property and everything ;s very
quiet.
Fund for -J>xt Year's Fourth.
"WOODLAND. July S.— Contrary to all
precedent the Fourth of July Committee
had a surplus of nearly $100 after the pay
ment of all claims, and this has been de
posited in bank as a nucleus for a cele
bration fund for 1900.
T.ove makes a man think of diamonds,
and marriage makes him think
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD NEWS FOR
AFFLICTED MEN
TWO CELEBRATED EUROPEAN
PHYSICIANS
Have Been Added to the Staff
of California's Most Popular
and Efficient Medical Insti-
tution.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Ever in the Lead With Cures. Ever
in Favor With Suffering Men,
This Association of Specialists
Have Recently Brought Skill ard
Experience from the Old World
Which Is of the Utmost Import-
ance to Men Who Are Suffering
With a Weakness op a Disease.
CONSULTATION AND ADVfCE FREE
Not being content with th« largest
and best equipped medical insti-
and the most extensive practice in
America, a large and experienced staff
of doctors and surgeons, the ma: ?
of Dr. Meyers £ Co. haw secured the
services of two of the most emin^-i.t
specialists in Europ«, Dr. Holsman and
Dr. Palmer.
The?^ two specialist?, mature inyears,
and experienced in all branches of their
profession, have been making marvel-
ous In England. France an i
many for over twenty years. They are
both graduates from the best schools
of medicine and surgery have be-
come proficient in treating chroni dis-
eases in general.
A BOON TO SUFFERERS.
They have brought with them the
latest and most important discoveries
in the lines of remedii s, methods and
curative appliances the world has
known. A large number of Americans
have gone to Europe to see these spe-
cialists at a cost of hundreds of dollars
and were cured by them.
People can now consult Doctors Hod-
man and Palmer without an expensive
trip across the ocean, by calling at
■ol Market street, this city. The price
of cures has not been advanced by Dr.
Meyers & Co. on account of this addi-
tion to their staff. although this innova-
tion will necessitate an additional ex-
penditure of many thousands of doilarg
annually. No pay till cured.
THE OLD FAVORITES.
In the meantime all the doctors who
have so long been with Dr. Meyers &
Co., and who have cured and restored
so many men on the Pacific Coast, are
still at their post, as willing as ever and
still more capable of healing the sick,
giving strength to the weak and hope
to the despondent.
Ailing men always find it a pleasure
to call on Dr. Meyers & Co. They are
given the most courteous attention and
learn much of value about their physi-
cal condition, even if they do not de-
cide to take treatment.
THREE WAYS OF BEING CURED.
Sufferers may call at the San Fran-
cisco office, consult a part of the staff
when they make th<Mr regular monthly
visits to interior towns, or take the
home-cure treatment. While it is pref-
erable to see patients in many in-
stances, it is not always necessary.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have been using a
successful system for curing out-of-
town patients for many years. Thou-
sands of men throughout the West
have been made strong and healthy in
this manner.
If it is not convenient for you to
see th^ doctors write them a letter.
They will send you free of charge ques-
tion list and give you much valuable
advice. After you learn the exact na-
ture of your ailment and find out the
cost of treatment, you can be cured or
not, just as you pleast*.
DELAY MAY MEAN DEATH.
If you have a symptom don't imagine
that it does not mean anything. Symp-
toms always mean something', as thou-
sands have learned to tht-ir sorrow. If
you have an ailment do not labor under
the delusion that it. will "Get well it-
self." Such things, unfortunately for
mankind, never occur. A sufferer may
feel better at times, but in such in-
stances the deadly enemy is only lurk-
ing in the shadows of a dansr- ■
stimulant or temporary relaxation of
pain to spring upon his unsuspecting
victim like a veritable demon of de-
struction.
A few dollars should not stand in the
way of health, life and happiness. Na-
ture decreed that you should be sound
and healthy. If you are not in that
condition at the present moment, you
are doing an injustice to yourself,
friends and family by not hems cured.
AILMENTS THEY CURE.
Lost Vigor, Premature Decay, Un-
natural Losses, Wasting Drains, Nerv-
ous Debility, Stricture, Rupture,
Tumors, Varicocele, Special Diseases,
Eczema, Cancer, Sleeplessness.
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Kidney Dis-
ease, Bladder Disease, Spine Disease,
Liver Disease, Heart Disease, Blood
Disease, Skin Disease, Stomach Dis-
ease, Eye Disease, Ear Disease, Lung
Disease, Rectal Disease.
If you are troubled with any of these
afflictions do not increase your danger,
discomfort and the ultimate cost
curf. Consult the specialists, who have
become famous by curing their pa-
tients.
DR. MEYERS & CO. Offices 731
Market street, San Francisco ; ele-
vator entrance. Hours, Bto 5 daily ;
7 to 8 evenings; 9 to 11 Sundays.: i : The San Franciscos I
Whitewash the Watsbnvilles «
HAYSEEDS ONLY
ABLE TO SCORE
LARGE CIPHERS
Shut Out by the San
Franciscos.
FOUR HITS OFF THE FIREMAN
FATSY CAHILL'S NEW CLOTHES
UPSET HIS REASON.
Cross-Eyed Decisions That Jarred the
Ginger Out of the Visitors.
Whelan's Peace Offer
ing Spurned.
Watsonville went against the real thing
lay In the shape of Fireman Fitz
and his satellites and when the turmoil
subsided the Hayseeds found they
had piled up nine large round ciphers,
while their opp 1 hatched out a
like number of tali
sinner, the
visit.- ■ . responsi
• their
ried assortment
Harris' men quite
John Parnell Whit<_wings Cahill was
also visible to the ■ eye dur
ing the afterno'in. Rumor has it that
J. P. \V. has invested in new raiment and
there must be some ' foundation for the
rumor, for he lias suddenly grown proud
and haughty; manifesting a strong deter
mination to break away from the estab
lished rules of baseball and inaugurate
rules of hi* own. It wasn't right, though,
for the crowd to call Patsy's decisions
rotten; that expression is entirely inade
quate. Patsy had to fumigate him
self at frequent intervals as a pro
tection against his own awful judg
ment. While they had no direct bearing
on the general result still they tore th.
hearts out of the visitors, who early
abandoned all hope.
Cahill started in to spread himself dur
ing Watson^ first turn at bat, the
locals in their half having piled up five
runs, four of which were the result of a
missed third strike by Morrow, two
doubles, three singles and a sacrifice doing
the trick. Brockhoff singled and moved
to second on a base on balls to Court
ney. He was playing off the bag when
Fitz suddenly threw the ball to catch him
napping. The ball struck Bmckhoff over
the kidney, knocking him down and out.
He felt across the bag. but rolled over
and off of it. Harper shouted to Cahill
to call game temporarily, but Patsy re
fused to do so and O'Neil ran into the
field, got the ball and tagged the prostrate
and barely conscious man. Cahill prompt
ly called him out and would listen to no
arguments.
After that the game lost all interest,
but Patsy remained at the old stand. In
the second inning Pyne was on second
and Whelan threw to catch him napping.
The ball hit Cahill, who gave the doctor
another base for it. though on what
grounds nobody knows.
Then in the third Pyne sent a high fly
out to Croll. who caught the ball, jug
gled it an instant, but managed to hold
it Cahill. however, declared ( "roll dropped
the" ball, although he was the only per
son in the lot who thought so.
Later in the game Whelan, just to show
.Cahill that he bore no ill will, carried a
schooner of sharp steam out to the um
pire. As Patsy could not accept the com
pliment during the game he fined Whelan
$;> for tantalizing him.
Four hits, no two of which came in the
same Inning, were the sum total of the
stick work off Fitzpatrick. He was ably
supported at all . nts but short, Krug
again having an off day. The score:
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hilderhrandt, r. f.. 5 1 3 0 3 2 0
Muller, 1. f 4 2 0 12 0 0
Krug, s. 8 4 1113 4 2
Sullivan. Ist b 4 2 10 9 10
Ril\v. ;.d b 4 10 10 2 0
Swindells, c. : .^130531
Pyne. r. f 4 1112 0 0
O'Neil, 2d b 4 0 10 2 10
Fitzpatrick, p 5 0 10 12 0
Total 39 9 11 4 27 15 3
WATSONVTtiIiE.
AB. R. P.H. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 3d h i 0 2 1 1 1 0
Courtney, c. * 3^00252
Selna. Ist h 3 0 1 0 10 0 0
Morrow, c 4 0 1 0 5 1 3
Billing?. 2i b 3 10 13 4 1
Plake r. f 3 0 0 13 0 0
Croll, c. t 2 0 0 0 2 0 1
Hayes, 1. I 3 0 0 0 10 0
■Whelan, p 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
X tal n i'lliill
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Fan Francisco 5 1000010 2—9
Base hits 5 (1 0 10 111 2—ll
Watsonville 0 00000000—0
Base hits 1 0010010 I—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whelan 1. Two-base ,
hits— Hilderbrandt. Swindells. Selna. Sacrifice
hit — Krug. First base on errors— San Francisco
3 Watsonville 2. First base on called balls —
Pan Francisco B, Wats mvllle 3. Left on bases
- San Francisco 9, Watsonville 4. Struck out—
By tzpatrick 3, by Whelan 5. Double plays—
Hilderbrai 11 to Swindells: Krug to O'Neil to
Sullivan. Passed ball— M Wild pitches
—Whelan 2. Time of game— l:4o. Umpire—
Cahill. Official scorer— 3ta] leton.
Jeffries Was Umpire.
SAN JOSE. July B.— The largest crowd
that ever attended a ball game her as
sembled at Cyclers' Park this afternoon j
to witness the contest between San Jose j
and Santa Cruz, with James J. Jeffries as j
umpire Jeffries also gave a three-round
boxing exhibition with his brother "Jack."
The game resulted in a victory for San
Jose by a score of 6 to 8.
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken. c. f l 1 0 0 0 0 0 i
Graham, r. f * 0 0 • 2 0 0
Anrteroon. 2 b « J * 1 1 S 1
D.ilrvmple. 1. t 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
Hnnlon. 1 b 3 0 0 1 14 0 0
O-Dea. 3 b ♦ 1. I I I 2 *
LeaKe. p. > a t I 0 ft 4 1
Borrhers, p ■::::::: : ! 1 1 2 2 ft o
t/o n t ~ 4 0 1 0 3 '.' 0
K<?nt . c -Vc. • J0 10 30 0
Total. M <S 3 2? IS 3
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K. !
Williams. 2b 4 1 1 0 2 i 0 |
5 0 10 6 0 1
r»evereaux. 3 b ...5 0 0 0 1 3 1 |
Clarke, 1 b 3 0 0 1 12 0 1
Drennan. c. f 4 0 10 10 0
Strelb, i. f 3 1110 2°
Klolber. <= <= 4 110 0 6 1
"Oh,Myßack!"
sf "IT PAINS IF I BEND OVER."
ft X "IT PAINS IN TEE MORNING."
l\ Ml "IT PAINS AT NIGHT."
ft . r* **k " AM TIRED ALL THE TIME."
■k/ fO!Z9t €££$ A. WEAK BACK It makea life rolßerabla,
ft -^^ \^M * and ing complaint. It be cured life mlsemble,
it * \TM and thousands would be cured If the> kneit
V* /iwA _im how Plasters give only temporary relief V
M S *w!mc any at a " nr ' j s 9 are oft " n Wi "' s< * ' a:i UBel<!88 -
-, X, y*^ms v DR. FIERCE' S ELECTRIC BELT
% : 4%',J\\.'''/'*HF9 . Is the proper remedy for o'A such distressing
V'-«A.a^ ">^^ complaints It warms .he back and kidney*
W^MVms » ! FT> ; 4v^^ k wltli a gentle glow. gives the muscles an
f?A\\\V VV v >C<^C v v •-"!«*■««?»■ rii«ric feeling and cures permanently. Tom
W!WW^^^^S\V "Til never nfed another plaster If you will
Wlv^ I tM^^^^^Mii j: tr Ou ! r'-nook No. 2- gives price list and full
\ \V NW| ffflSPrJllr particular*. Call at office or B »nd 2c in stamp!
W^^^V^^v^MWi' for It. Address:
V^HB PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.
1 ' (Medical Dept.) 620 Market St.. opposite Paia*«
U. PIERCE. Ft— Hotel. San Francisco.
ArrfJnnes, r. f 4 0 3 0 2 0 1
Balsz, P 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Totals 36 3 8 2 24 14 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 4 onO'l^o 2 •— 6
Rase hits 4 0 0 110 0 3 •— 9
Santa Cruz 1 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 o—3
Base hits 1 10 3 10 0 1 3—
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers, 2; Balsz. 5.
Three-base hit Borchers. Two-base hits— Pal
rymple, Arrelanes. Sacrifice hits— Graham. An
derson. First base on balls— San Jose, 3; Santa
Cruz. 3. Struck out— By Borchers. 2; by. Balsz.
5. Left on bases— Jose, 6: Santa Cruz. B.
Double play Anderson to Leake to Hanlon.
Wild pitch -BorrherF. Time of game— l:4o. Cm
pires—Jeffries and 0"Connell. Scorer— Waldorf.
Sacramento Drubbed Oakland.
SACRAMENTO. July Sacramento
defeated Oakland this afternoon. In real
ity only one earned run was made, and
with errors aside the score should have
been one to nothing In favor of the locals.
Doyle and Moskiman were both batted
hard, but owing' to the exceptionally fine
fielding safe drives were few. Some of
Umpire Levy's decisions were of the rank
order. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Dennie. r. t 3 2 0 0 0 0 0
Harvey, c. f 4 2 2 0 6 0 1
Doyle, p 4 0 0 0 12 0
Eagan. s. g... 4 10 12 2 0
Stanley, c 4 2 3 0 2 11
Shanahan. 1 b 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
McLaughlln. 1. f 4 12 2 10 0
Stulz. 2 b 4 0 10 5 4 0
Sheehan, 3 b 4 0 0 0 l 3 0
Totals 34 ~8 ~8 3 27 12 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples. 2 b '....4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 4 0 2
Hardle, r. 1 4 0 0 0 10 0
Dunleavy, I. i 2 1112 0 0
Lange, 3 b 4 0 0 0 0 3 1
Schmeer. s. s 3 0 0 0 1 6 Q
Donovan, .• . f 3 1 1 0 1 0 0
Hutrhinson, 1 b 3 0 1 0 14 0 1
Moskiman, r 3 0 10 12 0
Totals 3"* 2 4 1 27 13 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ..0 0 0 0 0 2 2 4 o—B
Has.- hits 0 0 10 112 3 o—B
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 I—2
Base hits >> 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 2—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle, 1; Moekiman. 4
Two-base hit— McLeuKhlin. Sacrifice hits—
Shanahan, Doyle. First base on called balls — !
< iff Doyle, 4; oft Moskiman, 2. Left on bases-
Sacramento, 4; Oakland. 6. Struck out— By
Doyle. 2; by M ipklnian, 4. Hit by pitcher-
Donovan. Harvey. Double -Doyle to
Shanahan. Passed ball — Hammond. Wild pitch
Doyle. Time of game— l:4o. Umpire— Rube
Levy. Scorer— A. Griffin.
Will Pitch for Watsonville.
Kelly will b*> in the box for Watson
vil> in the gamf at Oakland this morn
inpr. Tie will be relieved by Harper when
team plays at Recreation Park mis
afternoon. No change will be made in
the other positions.
AFFRIES AND
COCK- EYE HOGAN
IN A MIX-UP
JIM JEFFRIES is supposed to be
the only man of his kind in the
world. Quite without an equal.
He may be without an equal, but
• after that which occurred at the
Orpheum last night he will never be able
to deny that he has at least one counter
part, as far as countenance and general
physical resemblance go.
George Hayes, who plays "Cockeye Ho
gan" in "The Wise Guy" at the Orpheum,
bears a striking 1 likeness to the unde
feated defeater of the heretofore unde
feated champion of champions. It is so
marked that many who know Jeffries well
have been so deceived that they have
been forced to look twice to assure them
selves that it was not the giant boiler
maker at whom they were gazing.
Jeffries himself has heard so much of
this that last night he made a visit to
the Orpheum for the express purpose of
taking a squint at his double. Meyers
took him in behind the scenes and intro
duced the two men. Shortly after it came
the turn of Hayes to go on and before ac
changed his costume for his act he ad
vanced to the front of the curtain and
bowed to the audience.
The people in the house took one look
and then went wild. They imagined they
were applauding the man who gave Fitz
simmons his "Waterloo. -_.-„„
As soon as the noise subsided Hayes
made a witty speech and then, introduc
ing Ross O'Neill, Brady's representative,
he gave way to that gentleman, in order
to allow him to present the real article
Jeffries merely bowed and then retired
without saying a word. "When the show
was over every one knew that a Joke had
been played, but there were many who
are still guessing which was the real
thing. ■
TO WORK CLEOPATRA'S MINES.
A London Jeweler's Concession From
the Egyptian Government.
"Yes. we've got a concession from the
Egyptian Government which give? us the
right to mine for emeralds and other pre
cious stones on the coast Of the Red Sea
the next five years." said a well
known Bond street jeweler.
"I have not yet signed the concession,
but It's all right. Egyptian emeralds?
Here's a basketful, or at least of or.- or
talcose schist, from which the env-raliis
■i r- derived. Here's a fine piece of timer
aid now, and here and here."
To the uninitiated eye they were not ex
actly flashing green tires, and the reporter
ted to know if the color was coming
by a later mall.
"Color? Some of these have been lying
out there In the region of the Nile these
2000 years, or else w£ shouldn't have made
the arrangement. Why. ("leopatra's fa
mous 1 jewels were mined there, >md you
will remember she gave as presents to
Bmbassadors portraits of herself en
graved on emeralds. The stones during
her reign w«n- regarded as strictly royal
property, and Egypt was described by
Mandeville some 800 years ago as a coun
falr emer
"Where ar»- the mines? Tn the center
of a great mineral tield formed by a de
pression in a long range <>f mountains
which runs all along the Red Sea :oa-*t.
There are two main emerald mining en
ters That of Slkail. approached from the
sea by the Wadl Jam*!. Is the largest and
most "extensive, and some ft en miles north
of these are the Jabel Abbara mines.
"Other gems? Well, possibly we may
find beryl and what we call semi-precious
stones but not diamonds, rubies or sap
phires.' They exist in quite different for
mations.
"Blue diamonds? Ah. yes; everybody's
talking about the Hope blue just now. Hut
it X- all nonsense to say it is an utrlv
Tt is one of the most beautiful
stones in the world. Tt is a beautiful
steely blue, with fll the fire and brilliancy
of a "diamond."— London I^eader.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1599.
SPORTS IN THE WEST
FAST COURSING
MARKS THE DAY
AT UNION PARK
Many Hares Prove
Fleet of Foot.
SOME WARM FAVORITES LOSE
HUMMER PUTS OUT THE IM
PORTED METALLIC.
The Dogs Nearly Run Themselves to
a Standstill in One of the
Longest Courses of
the Year.
The sport was fast and furious at T'nion
Coursing Park yesterday. The hares were
unusually fast, a number making their
way to the escapes, while others led the
fastest dogs all over the field. The long
est coarse of the day was between Pasha
Kennel's [mported Metallic and E. M.
Kellogg's Hummer. The latter found few
supporters in the betting, although th<>
tempting odds of 5 to i were Laid against
him. The dogs ran for three minutes
and killed as a fresh dog was about to
be released;
To the surprise of the spectators, Hum
mer had nui'h the better of th.- firsi part
of the course. H<=- let Metallic in for a
time and then took the lead in the run
ning. He won ultimately, but was so
thoroughly worked out as to preclude any
probability of his making so good a show
ing to-day.
October Woodcock won his course with
Gold Hill, although he disappointed his
supporters at first. Gold Hill had all the
best of it for a time, but his brindle op
ponent secured the hare and by clever
working ran up a safe score before the
end, when Gold Hill won.
Crawford Braes beat Theron, which had
the best of the run up. once Crawford
Braes secured possession of the hare he
had Theron beaten.
Mountain Beauty at 2* 2 to 1 beat Shy
lock Boy. while Hard Lines at 4 to 1 se
cured the flag from Winning. Style.
The course between Benicia Boy and
Occidental was a surprise in its early
stages. Occidental scored a number of
points, having the most speed at the
start; but the favorite won ultimately. H.
Lynch'a Lottie M displayed wonderful
cleverness in her meeting with Forget,
winning in brilliant style, although she
is said not to be at her best in the early
Is of any stake.
The races were disposed of yesterday
without unnecessary delay, allowing 'Me
spectators to return to the city at a rea-
Bonable hour. The running In detail re
sulted as follows:
Open stake, seventy-four entries— J. lean's
Mialmo beat Fred Herrln'a St. Elmo; Chella &
Gaffney's Gulden Russet beat Lowe & Thomp
son's Patria: D. J. Healey's O'Hara beat C. J.
Panario's Highflyer; Pasha Kennels' Einln
Pasha feat .1 Kerrigan's Lady Blanche; J. J.
Keenan'a Royal Buck beat D. J. Healey's, Rusty
Gold: F. A. McComb's Flush beat Handy &
Smith's Free and Easy; J. J. Keenan's Black
lock beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Rochester; J.
O'Dowd's Scout beat Milo Kennels' Rock
Island Boy; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Master
flair heat Handy it. Smith* Magic; Aeneid
Kennels' Maid of Erin beat F. Moran's Flying
Faster; Pasha Kennels" Rollicking Airs beat
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Clair; J. Seg
gerson's Candelaria ran a bye, J. J. Warren's
Sweet Lips being withdrawn; J. P. Thrift's
Brutus beat Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend; D.
Ford's Bonlta beat F. Moran's False Flatterer:
I. M. Kellogg' s Hummer beat Pasha Kennels'
Metallic; Dennis & Porter's The Devil beat Rin.
con Kennels' Ski; J. Manor's Soubrette beat H.
A. Deckelman's Flyaway; Sterl & Knowles'
Wag beat Mil" Kennels' Victor King; Handy
& Smith's Victor beat I. F. Halton'a Tic Tac;
H. F. Anderson's Crawford Brae» beat George
Whitney's Theron; Barrels Bros. Mac's Melody
beat Lowe A Thompson's St. Oran: Rincon
Kennels' Hard Lines beat Bartela Bros.' Win
ning Style; Chella & Gaffney's Snapshot was
beaten by Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady
Eirma; Dennis & Porter's October Woodcock
beat J. Seggerson's Gold Hill; E. M. Kellogg' a
Kid McCoy beat George Sharman'e Walt a
Little; Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal beat D.
Hooper's Koolawn; P. Brophy'a Benicla Boy
beat A. Ohmeyer's Occidental: T. Butler's Susie
beat Hurley \- Riley's Expense; Aeneid Ken
nels' Pretender beat A. Ohmeyer's Fleetfoot;
Handy &- Smith's Sylvanua ran .'■ bye; Handy
& Smith's Ben. Bolt beat Smith & Drayden's
Little Fairy: H. Lynch' a Lottie M beat J. P.
Thrift's Forget; C. J. Panario's. Joker beat
Handy & Smith's Lady Hugo; A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty beat Daily & Seibein's Shy.
lock Boy; Smith & Drayden's Mountain Belle
beat Mil" Kennels' Irma; Handy & Smith's
Twin City Girl beat F. A. MeComb's Royal
Flush; D. J. Healey's For Glory ran a bye.
Spider Kelly May Meet Otts.
Efforts are being; made by J. D. Gibbs.
matchmaker of the National Athletic
Club, to arrange a twenty-round bout be
tween "Spider" Kelly and "Billy" Otts.
Th< only difference between the men has
oeen as to the size of a side bet in addi
tion to the purse offered by the club. Each
has agreed to put up $500 and tho men are
to meot to-morrow and arrange matters
definitely. "
MANEATERS.
Tricks of the Savage Lions in Their
Native Jungles.
"When lions become maneaters these in
ert and treacherous brutes take no 1111
--n." essary trouble to catch men, and
while human being-? are plentiful none of
them undertake perilous enterprises or
proceed on any haphazard expeditions.
They know what to do and where to go
that prey may be procured with the least
amount of risk or exertion. Such a lion is
well aware of who tills this cornfield or
that mealle patch. He has informed him
self of how many men accompany the
village herds, where am- outlying camps
are situated and how they are guarded.
There Is no route by which travelers pro
ceed or traffic Is carrie on that such ani
mals have not studied with reference to
the fac.it its for attack they afford and
their "wn bodily powers. If otherwise
rood strategic positions present natural
dllTU'ulties the lion not only considers how
these can be overcome, but perhaps prac
tices his part beforehand. At all events
he has been watched while engaged in ex
erclses that can only be explained in this
way.
"So puny a creature as man Is, when un
proviued with effective hnplements for
offense stands little chain, . against such
a foe — an assailant having forty times his
strength, backed by marvelous activity
and an Intense passion lor carnage, I'ii
der these circumstances savages can only
shut themselves up or assault their *ne"
my in large masses. On the other hand.
precautions taken by a murderous
lion might not seem to comport with that
bold and often reckless temper attributed
to this species. But such a discrepancy
has no real existence; it only appears
when a -judgment Is made without taking
all the facts into consideration. This ani
mal's Intelligence, developed In maneaters
to its highest point, together with an or
ganic stealthinesF of nature and pro
clivity toward unexpected attacks and
stratagems, fully accounts for everything
a lion does in the way of guarding against
failure-"— Outing.
Bats Overcome by Heat.
Rats on ice presented a novel
spectacle on Wednesday last to some of
xho residents on South Tenth street.
One of these, while carrying In an ex
tra supply of ice to her refrigerator,
was surprised to see a I arse gray
rodent squatting on all fours on top of
a block of ice which had been chopped
in the yard receptacle; nor would he
move at the word of command, simply
winking at her until dislodged by
means of a clothes prop. Even when
chased out of the back gate the rat did
not run away, but, with his gaze on the
iceman, followed him to the next stop
ping place, where he again ensconced
himself on top of an ice block. It is
sunnosed that the extreme heat drove
the rodents to seek this relief.—Phila
delphia Record.
CHAMPIONSHIP
FIGHT PROVOKES
LOCAL INTEREST
Sporting Host Anxious
to Have It Here.
MANY REASONS GIVEN FOR IT
JEFFRIES WILL FIRST MEET
MITCHELL.
New York Clubs Will Soon Bid for
the Match Between the Cham
pion and Thomas
Sharkey.
Charles Newman and the CJlr-n Park
management are responsible for the tidal
wave of enthusiasm that Is sweeping over
this city. On every street corner c< I
of men are indulging in fight talk, weigh
ing Shark-y and Champion Jeffries in
their own mental scales and ending ;b»ir
Tsation with ;i hop,, that Sun Fran
cisco will be the theater of the next
heavy-weight championship battle.
Two offers of $40,060 each are now before
the public one fr>>m Charles Newman,
who will pay that big sum of money for
the fight; the other from the Glen Park
Company., who will guarantee the same
amount. Newman has deposited a $5000
check with The Call as an assurai
good faith: the (Jlen Park Company has
done the same and doubled the amount.
The ball has thus been given the lirst
rolling i-tart. Id all probability it will
cross the continent, for the Eastern clubs
have begun offering fabulous sums for
this great fistic event. There Is no
reason why it should not return to this
city and bring: with it the heavy-weight
championship light, of the day. Our local
promoters are in earnest and they will
remain tirm to their offer; an acceptance
will bind the contract.
William A. Brady, who is doing Jeffries'
thinking just a: present, is in England,
and O'Rourke, Sharkey's mentor, is in
N( w York. With th»-se men rests the linal
selection of the club before wliich the
principals will stand and deliver. It is
known that both fighters are willing to
cross mits in this city, and there is no
antipathy to a local ring on the part of
thtir managers. The sporting element or'
this city Is on the alert and all Ou-ir in
fluence will be ex. rted to have the mill
take place here.
There is no other city in the country
which offers better accommodations to
the men who come mil>s to see a gr< :
prize-fight. Our restaurants and I
are known all over the country and p ■.-
sess a reputation with the best sporting
nifii foi excellence in quality at a mini
mum charge. The hotel men and the rt-s
--taurateurs are even willing to make spe
menta if the tigr.t will conn- to
San Francisco.* Not a single militating
condition exists. All that remains is a
courtesy oi two from the railroad. This
nu doubt will be shown in the way of
special, reduced rates for transportation.
In the Eastern States there art many
competing lines, ra<-h willing to reduce
rates to meet the popular cry. This city
Itself Is alive with the pugilistic bacilli
and more people would turn out to Bei
big prize fight than in any other city
twice its size. A walk up and unwn the
"line" is all that is necessary to convince
the least ardent fight promoter of this
fact. Even at this early day. when the
first bids iire hardly cooled, the public
of this city is lost in right conjectures.
Whether or not the tight will tak.- place
in San Francisco time alone will tell.
Th^ following telegraphic news was re
ceived last night from The Call's New
York correspondent :
"The Herald says: 'Local club man
agers are not in the Wast disturb' '1 over
two offers from San Francisco of
each for the world's heavy-weigni
championship battle between James J.
Jeffries av.<\ Thomas Sharkey. They have
so far refrained from bidding for the
event. Lan both th<- Coney Island Sport
ing Club and the Lenox Athletic Club will
be heard from in due time.
" 'Al"\ Brown, manager of the Coney
Island Sporting Club, said to-day th.it his
organization would certainly offer a purse
for the contest. "We have," said Mr.
Brown, "not yet decided upon the size
of the purse, but our offer will be as
large, if not larger, than that of any rival
organization. We have demonstrated our
ability to handle big events successfully,
and as we have an ideal clubhouse I think
we can afford to outbid all competitors."
" -The Lenox Athletic Club officials also
said that they will make a big offer for
the battle and will leave no stone un
turned to have the bout take place at
their clubhouse. At the office of William
A. Brady, Jeffries' manager. I was in
formed that although the champion per
sonally favors California as the battle
ground, he will appear before the club
offering the most money. Mark Thall. the
San Francisco theatrical man and a
friend of the officials of the Glen Park
Association, who arrived In this city to
day, told me that Californlans are' de
termined to secure th^ big fight, and that
if pressed by other clubs they will otter
a purse of $60,000 for the- event. Accord
ing to a letter received in this city yes
terday from William A. Brady, who is
now in England. Brady has made ar
rangements for a ten-round bout between
Jim Jeffries and Charley Mitchell, to take
place in the Olympia building in London
on Sepl«mber 1.
" "Jeffries will try hard to knock out
the former English champion inside the
limit. Brady states that Mitchell has gone
into training at Brighton. England, for
the contest. Jeffries will soil for Kngland
on July 27. so that ho will have three
weeks in which to train.' "
Teacher — Come, Tommy, what comes
after ton?
Tommy— Eight, nine, ten— or— please,
teacher, I don't know.
Teacher— Robby, can you tell Tommy
what comes after ten?
Bobby— Jack, queen, kin?? and
ace.
■ ♦ .
Many a man has risked acquiring a
wife in order to acquire a sister.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SISTER: READ MY FREE OFFER
Wise Words to Sufferers
yl^ '"C\ From a Woman of Notre Dame, Ind.
M. '•V\ , ; \ I win mail, free of any char this Home Treat-
/j''.i,' ■3J)|jiHC^^^^E^Kg?"- : raM ///',. V. \ m - nl with full instructions and tho history of my own
ml i ■'.-jfflp- — " ""^SsSlsKil V/i?- VH \\ case to any lady suffering- from female trouble. You
MUlll " ".'/JMEfe. "Jgg*»». H V'l\ can cure yourself at home without the aid of any
m'llii : 'ilr'^S^Si^^&*^ \il 1 physician. It will cost you nothing to srive the
Wiliili ilil/mIpSS * >*XZeS 'Km. lillih \ I\\ I treatment a trial, and if you decide to continue it
MnH : *J'«MW /%*= '-JLWW ■*> \i\\\ ™ n " nl - v cost >'" about twelve cents a week.
WllMlri&li^hiOf^ mJnmk./jif* V-'I It will not interfere with your work or occupation.
||.;1 %, jf •*.•? fflMr *'>m ( \l ' have nothing to sell. Tell other sufferers of it-
WlMk\ Wi^"' o '*^ - wOrfl 'A\- 3• / tDat is a " ' - If- cures all, younp or old.
wiyv'Al^P^^ 5^ l%Sm\-> \W t*W **" If you feel a bearinp-down sensation, sense of
V/ %%//JMi3-; t?%^s? S^h 1 ™! BJr ' n i n » r ev il. pain in the back or bowels, creeping
Jro. yy/JjiMSßtiielSlS^' WSmf 1 x lw feeling- up the spine, a de-ire to cry frequently,- hot
1 f^~^ ffiW{i !W flashes, weariness, frequent desire to urinate, or if you
' ']$ '- '-^Wli ' _^r have Leucorrhea (Whites), Displacement or Falling-
if '''•% ~:S^ of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Periods,
~ f J^^ Tumors or Growths, address AIRS. M. SUMMERS,
- J^ -^<* -^^ NOTRE DAME, IND., U. S. A., for the Free
Treatment and Full Information.
Thousands besides myself have cured themselves with it. I send it in plain wrappers.
TO MOTHERS OF DAUGHTERS I will explain a simple Home Treatment which speedily and
effectually cures Leucorrhea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young ladies.
It will save you anxiety and expense and save your daughter the humiliation of explaining her
troubles to others. Plumpness and health always result from its use.
Wherever you live I can refer you to well-known ladies of your own state or county who know and
will eUdly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all diseased conditions of our
delicate female organism, thoroughly strengthens relaxed muscles and ligaments which cause dis-
placement, and makes women well. Write to-day, as this offer will not be made again. Address
MRS. M. SUfiriERS, Box 34, Notre Dame, Ind., U.S.A.
GOLFERS BRING
THEIR PLAY TO
A CONCLUSION
Mixed Foursomes at
Marin Links.
MRS.BROWrJ AND PARTNER WIN
CONCLUDING DAY OF THE SAN
P.AFAEL TOURNAMENT.
Many Spectators View the Work of
the Golfers Under the Shadow
of Mount Tamal
pais.
The opening tournament of the San Raj
fael Golf Club, which ~egan on the Ist j
inst. with a competition for caddies, and i
was continued on the 3d and 4th with j
children's, ladies' and men's competitions, j
was brought to a conclusion yesterday j
afternoon by mixed foursomes, in which ;
ten players took part. The competition |
was at nine holes, medal play. It had ;
at iirst been intended to give handicaps, j
but this intention was abandoned, and all i
the players competed on equal terms. The j
twenty players formed five foursomes and I
the scores made were as follows: :
W. G. Curtis and Mrs. H. G. Brown 74 s
C. P. Pomeroy and Mrs F. H. Green si j
J. .1. Crooks and Mrs. J. J. Crooks S)S ;
E. M Green way and Miss T. C. Morgan 83
H. Plbblee i.ii.i Mrs F. S. Johnson 82
Dr. Dennis Arnold and Mrs. Burke 83
W. Deane and Mrs. W. C. Bush 81
F. S. Johnson and Miss C Smedberg 166
Emerson Warfield and Miss E. Morrow '•• M :
R. G. Brown and Mrs. W. G. Curtis 80,
W. G. Curtis and Mrs. R. G. Brown
took first prize with a score of 74. and R. :
G. Brown and Mrs. W. G. Curtis won the \
second award with a score of SO.
The clubhouse was crowded with visit- !
ors, and the whole scene was almost as
gay and animated as on Independence
day. Among those who drove over to the
clubhouse during the afternoon to look J
on at the play or to gossip with their j
friends were the following:
Mr. and Mr?. E. W. Runyon, Mr. and Mrs.
H. L Dodge, Dr. and Mrs. Dennis Arnold. Mrs,,
J A. Folger, Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Johnson, Mr. I
and Mrs. Ivloyd Tevls. Mr. and Mrs. F. H.
Green. Mr. and Mrs W. B. Bourn, Mr and \
Mrs. E L. Griffith. Mrs. Norman McLaren. :
Miss Elizabeth Ashe, Mrs. John Kittle, Miss
Kittle, Miss Jennie Blair, W. I. Kip, Mr. and
Mrs W. L,. Deane. Mrs W. P. Morgan, Judge
and Mrs. W. W. Morrow, Miss Helen Deane, I
Mr., and Mrs Grant BelfridKe, R. M. Block. :
Mr. and Mrs Elliott McAllister, Mrs. Denis
Donohoe Jr., Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Gerstle, Mr. |
and Mrs. Mark Gerstle. General and Mrs. R. :
H. Warfleld, Baron J. H. yon Schroeder, Baron
Alexis yon Schroeder, Mr. and Mrs. ('. P.
Eells, H. P. Sonntag, Mr. Cox, P. E. Crump.
Not the least conspicuous people on the
course were the caddies, arrayed in the
red jerseys and green caps recently pre
sented the club by Dr. Dennis Arnold. It ;
is understood that the jerseys will be
adorned with the letters S. R. G. C, em- !
broidered thereon by the hands of fair
members of the club."
A BASHFUL KING.
Trials of an Artist in Attempting to
Paint a Royal Portrait.
M. de la Neziere, who is just back from
' thp west coast of Africa, has been spend
ing some months in laborious attempts to
paint the portrait of Samory. the van
■ quished King, under considerable difficul
ties. The dethroned potentate has the
greatest objection to artists in general.
| and in particular deemed it a piece of
' gross impertinence on the part of M. de la
Neziere to want to catch his likeness. His
I dusky majesty had to be coaxed with in
numerable gifts of cigarettes, matches
i and coppers Into giving the painter a sit
! tingr. Among: all th»- presents showered
: upon him. small change, which he used
promptly to put in his mouth as a precau
tion against pickpockets, was what he
liked best.
At last Bamory was mollified, began to
call M. d< la Nealere by the only French
word he knew, "camarade," and gra
ciously consented to sit.
The unfortunate artist's difficulties were
: not yet, however, at an end. When Sa
mory saw his royal features being drawn
upon canvas, he was suddenly taken
i with a bashful fit that lasted on and off
for several weeks. He used every now
I and then to hide his countenance beneath
his turban and resolutely refuse to un
veil. Whenever it happened that Sa
; mory's feelings of modesty were thus un
accountably hurt, the sitting had In
variably to be given up for the day. At
other times the fallen, but still capricious.
monarch used seriously to disturb the
I painter's work by sprinkling him and his
i canvas with water. At last, however. M.
j de la Neaeire succeeded in getting a few
! sketches of Samory. which 'he has
brought back with him. and from which
he intends painting a finished portrait of
j the dethroned King.— Paris correspond
ence London Telegraph.
SAILOR'S SIGNAL.
That Showed Him How to Steer for ;
Mate's Shore Ship.
While the J'nited States steamer
• Brooklyn Is beinp; repaired shore leave
is given in turn to batches "f Bailors.
One man. who lives fn this city, on the
! East Side and who was allowed to re
main With his family for two or throe
days, invited a shipmate to take dinner
i with him last Sunday. I'nfortunatelv the
i shipmate lost the address and could re
member only the name of the street.
> Reaching 1 the street he walked up and
down, asking every other person he met
if be knew the house whore a sailor be
longing to the Brooklyn lived. None
, knew. The man. nonplused, was ab »ut
to give op iii> search, when he observed
a youth sitting on a doorstep amusing
himself with an old battered bugle. A
thought struck the sailor.
"I. end me that a minute." he said to
the young man as he grasped the horn.
■ Putting it to his ltps he sounded with all
■ his might the dinner call of the Brooklyn.
S:ir>' enough, two or three seconds later.
from a window n.>t fifty yards away, a
li. ad was thrust and a strong, lusty voice
called out: "Ship ahoy: Full speed ahead
up bere. Mesa has been waiting half<an
! hour for you."— New York Tribune.
AEVERTiSEMENTS. p £
CITY OF lit PARIS!
Li 1 1 yr 1 Aivi j ;:
?
.-MIDSUMMER SALE... 1
1L £*>^& a — m \a^ Jt*\ 1 ft ■*- t
v
CORRECT FOR Double Faced and Plaid, Plaid arid Plain, %
THE LINKS F;inged and Without, Rippled and Straight; -$•
best cuts, lateststvles, artistic makes. Form- j£
erly $9, $12.50, $15, $17.50, £20, $25. T
Sals Prioß-$6.25, $8,50, $9.75, $12.50, $14.50, $15.75. |
"5*
FAVORED Royal Stuart, Forbes, McDonald, Farquharson, t
PT AinS McGregor, JWilcom, Victotia, Campbell, Gordon, r
rLAluo " \\ Kenzie, Leslie, Murray, Forty-second. Me Far ?
land, Glengarry, Macintosh, Lamond, M Alpine, J.
M L'-o;!, Urquhart, Cameron. McDuft, Argyle, £
AkPherson. ?
x
NINETEEN FIFTY! *
High Grade Tailor Suits |
Continuation of the sal.- of the abov* for a sho-t time— and to £
assort co or> iom^ of the higher-priced garments will ?
be introduced- $25, $27.50, $30, $32 50 t
i
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
S. F. Ccrner Geary and Stockton Streats, San Franoi3o).
ursiois SQUARE. ' X
MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. -j.
}«e»oee®oee«oeea«oeooo 9o©oo©©©©®©oe>oo«©^ot> »»
VOTERS)
©
®
All Republicans and voters who are in favor of an •
honest administration of municipal affairs and desire a ©
voice in the selection of delegates to the forthcoming •
Municipal Convention will please send their names and *
residence addresses AT ONCE to HENRY T. SCOTT, •
Chairman Central Republican Committee. Headquarters, •
Parlor Floor, Grand Hotel. . . 9
■ JAMES A. WILSON, Secretary. •
Purpose : The classification into districts and pre- <$
cincts of such as are in sympathy with the above move- •
ment, for the purpose of organization. •
Sano-Rioß?™i
" THE HOME REPfIEDY sk&St
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS «t£sTo
•.vr«ng. Fcr all these pains, brsfalszitMS and dlfflcultif no
remedy on earth G. Ann [); Ea!il S applied by lady "er-
irtUTJJfC!*, in Vi'omli or Ovaries in 10 minutes.
EflgSSiia Promptly relieTes Hea<i»che, N'ausf a. Blood »nd
and !'f<rxr«id»nry. C« ren lr v.corrho-a, Wor . .
Bin \."oinb cr Ovurlen In 10 minute*.
and !)e<r v ~<"i<i''i'"y- <'"rrn LrnoorrtKrl, Wor
Soror»s» and ncerstionujTHrjN
w i A^^«^»-'Xt.'heer* the spirits and Vitalizes PjJLJJ
''"-3^^-" the <»hole frjn?. 1 , >u?f ond >fiT^i7
Ab«olni«lj Harrnle**. One 6O c-nt bos «rO« > *4Jr'
compl^t* a cure in ordinary cases.
CTnDS k\ ! OAIM BT ALL urigoihts.
•j|U. O ALL I Mill or nailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 MINUTES n.-PrrVc«of-..CfTtonßl(lir. rhle:.KO
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin • Fharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co.. In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. -*
I1 1 &■ kAh Han Dn B1 t B
9 "* ML m tWßj*i 13 "Tfcil vw i.^S
Hi V] I m9Sai Bn| fA m. m^is. C*?
fCh!cUcs:er*K EnfUsh Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAI PILLS
_^Cr~v Orlsinal and Only Genuine £.
f>Jl{ &i^i Drnjjist for Chicheittr'c Englitlt
fj*itiS* l J3&'no*J Brand In Kc<l aai Uold njf ta'.lieV«jS'
T-v -^wMboxei. scaled wim b!ao ribhon. Tako VIT
tSK W^ «»Jno other- ft'.^'f dr.r.Q^r(n.nuhit!'u- V
I"/ — fff tivna and k~.itationt. At Drngsista, or fCTid 4*.
I W 2Jg In stamp* ,'^r part!ccl£ri, triUtaoataU tnt
I TO* gf — K»l!of tr.T I,arilc«." '»» t'ttrr. by rrtara
Jk fr it nil. 10,000 T'ocimoniAlt. Wan* Pmptr.
> «— » - r'Clil«'hwt<>rCSei*lcalCo..Mii<ll»<wi
IkUbT ail Uml WUIsM VBfMJLmAm k'A
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopj>lnp at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Yf.rk Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
p t Paul rulyl9|St. Paul .Ausnat II
New York....AuKU?t {[New Vork....Aueu.st 31
St. Louis . August '.* St. Louis . . August 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlosland July IP-] Wofternl*ni ...Auk. 9
A ,) i n July !*>■ Kensinpton \us;. 16
Southwark ..August 2iNoordland Aug. SI
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Davvson City.
For full Information regard! nrr freight and pas-
sape apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
M Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISIIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
_ ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, an,;
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Falling.
NIPPON MARU Saturday. July 8
AMERICA MARL' Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market ft., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQTJK.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. c-Tm*
Sailing ever}- Saturday at 10 a. m. <±ET^
from Pier 42. North River, foot of -V *'£«~^
Morton st. LA NORMAN DIE, July 15; LA
BRETAOXE. July 22; LA OONE. July 2 <;
LA TOURAINE. August 5: LA CHAMPAGNE.
August 12. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward.
5 rx^r cent reduction on round trip. Second-
class to Havre, J4'>. 10 per' cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
I OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
■ In- Steamers leave Broadway
'VSHSaw. wharf. San Francisco:
i KjtiWfht^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
: y^^cS^BSk Jjly f> - l '■'• '"■ 2<K '-''■ 30 ' Allfr;st
i SSk ttWi^3^ 4 - change at Seattle.
' nBkSH^MI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
1 rn**iliilif*fflli C.). I>ort Townsend, Seattle,
'^^^tarwMi Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
. "^'SWtMft and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m. July 5. 10, 15, 20. -'•■
SO. August 4. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Taconia to N. P.
Ky. : at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. July >.
5, 13, IS. 23. 2S, August 2, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
: Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Ohi*p->>.
Gavlota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenem?,
San Pedro. East Han Pedro (Los Angeles) an<l
Newport. 9 a. m.. July 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31.
August 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at i'ort Har-
fcrd (Pan Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. July 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. August 2.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Fnsenada. Magdal'nn Bay. San Jose d»t
Cab.i. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
: month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chanp*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dat?s
and hours of sailing.
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montsomery
• treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Arts..
in Market *t . San Franoi?co.
THE 0. R. &N..CO.
njcr'vr< m y.\<-r stkamkrs to
PORTLAND
From Spear-street A nart m 10 B. m.
CJJDC ft* J-lrtt Cia«« lyciuding B*rtli
IMIIL. $8 Second Cln«« end .Meal*.
<_oiuinbla sails June 22; July 2. 12, 22.
State of California sails June 17. 27; July 7.
:". n.
t-'hnrt line to Walla Walla. Epokane. Butta.
Helena and all Dolnts In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. , » •
E. C. WARD, Oen»ral Agent.
230 Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS 4 CO..
Superintendent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
can Trailing nnd Transportation Company's
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS. GOLO-
VIN BAY. CAPE NOME and all points on th«
YUKON RIVER.
Through rate* ijucted. through tickets sold,
through bills of lading given.
TICKET OFFICE. < New Montgomery st.
OOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Frnnpl.«co.
i
•fCfSiSk 4Bf if ■■ m< S. S. Mariposa sails
i ilW p ""<*«3iH 13 *!&!£ vi(l Honolulu and
i •W -»*/ «Jl £ " Auckland for Sydney
H'"^- ■■ Wfdnosday. July 12.
,■ V&'oS Oi^"^ L" > at 10 P- m -
»^B*G>{UllllJ!llU- us for Honolulu
T3s&r (o[llF)3fZH~ W*rtn««liiy. July M.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Austrnlla. India. Sues.
England, etc. : J6IO first class.
; 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Moriaomerj
Pl»r 7 Fool Pacific St. rtt>>M oJi»)> ■ 9HTT mm%*o l*,
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
1 daily, returning from Stockton at « p. m.
dally (Saturday exempted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally "c^VFORNfA^AV. AND IMP. CO,
Telephone Main 806. -_^
FOR U. S. HAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sst. at 9:4S
a m.. 1:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Tburs. night); 1 rt.
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 1
p m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock.
1 Pier No 2. Telephone Main 1508. . .-v
TARE M °-
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
910
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IIIffIER^aEARANCE j
t SALE - !
TU TO MTJ^J^U COMmENCINO T
t IHIb WbbK, MONDAY, JULY 10. |
♦ === = I
t REMNANTS r^DCTCC 1
OF HENRIETTA CLOTH, evening L/ fX ij^l^J I
; hades, width 38 inches, price was *"* * "* T
I 35c per yard. NOW >^|| wr I
♦ 15c per yard. {
♦ REMNANTS 1
<»> ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT SUITINGS. FANCY STRIPED DRESS SILKS, this T
4 34 and 35 inches wide, colors afe season's patterns, 85c quality. NOW at i
<<- tan, gray and brown. Price was m fm , ♦
t 25c - now Au^\n 4
4^ lie pep yard. ™^Vi f
I^REMNANTS j
| ' STORM SERGES. 43 inches wide, -.-. _ nj/ , nnnninr I
I navy and black. NOW BLACK BROCADE %
♦ 19c per yard, i n pr,Q Q QTT TCQ I
f REMNANTS DKilbb bILIS.S, I
. 1 NOVELTY SUITINGS, mixed and Excellent qualities, choice styles, >
,_ broken checked effects, large as- former price was $1.00 and $1.25.
T s sortment of styles, formerly 15c. NOW at ♦
,T x NOW " ~_" *
W:. 8c pep yard. 55C* t
f (REMNANTS Both stores. I
',t v SILK-FINISHEDVELVtTEENS.de- 1
; SILK-FINISHED VELVETEENS, de-
sirable colors, 50c grade at +
|p 25c per yard. BARGAINS THIS WEEK: t
!i>: REMNANTS CHIPT WAKT^ *
[♦* $1.00 grade SILK VELVETS, NOW at 3.11H1 TTAIJIJ, . 1
I 50c per yard. HOSIERY, t
t WASH FABRICS, GLOVES r
oT Printed Pique, handsome designs, * *
I P'»w.s.sc NOW RIBBONS, |
» » „ , & ,V^,, DRESS TRIMMINGS, Etc. ?
•iT Above goods on sale at Market-street ?
,T store only. At both stores. <$>
IKOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN, I
j IirL^^fRTUSSIFROHMAN, j
I 107-109 POST ST. and 1220, 1222 and 1224 MARKET ST. 1
♦ ' 4>
VISIT THE PARK
AND UNIVERSITY
OF CALIFORNIA
Agriculturists Begin
Their Inspection.
STATE TO BE BENEFITED
J. E. STUBBS EXPLAINS HOW IT
WILL COME ABOUT.
»
The Association Will Be the Means of
Directing Many Young Men
Who Will Make Their
Homes Here.
The delegates of the American Associa
tion of Agricultural Colleges and Experi
ment Stations practically began their of
ficial inspection of California yesterday.
In the morning they visited the Cliff
House, after whJ< h they went to the park. ;
Their especial inter* st was eeutered in the
conservatory. Here the section on agrl- ■
culture and botany spent several hours ;
making a-thorouhg investigation of every
thing that was shown them. The dele- '•
gates were loud in their pral.se of the
wonderful floral and horticultural beauty
of tin- park. Many of them had in-ver
anything like it. and when they were
informed that the park had been made
-inn. n ground that was once formerly a
mass of sand bills they were almost in
credulous in their expressions.
In tho afternoon the delegates went to
Berkeley, where they were shown the l"ni- ;
versitj "f California, the various build- I
ln^s and different departments. Every
facilltj whs extended the delegates for,
seeing the work that is being done by the
University. C. B. Williams, chemisi of
North Carolina, said tliat the chemical
department and laboratory was mir of the !
besi equipped In the United States, ile is;
it graduate ol Johns Hopkins University,
which is held t<> have na,- of th>- besi
chemical departments of any college In
this country. H< said that he had also
inspected 1 1 1 » ■ department at Harvard, but
thai the one at the University of Califor
nia was finer than either of those that h«
mentioned. The major portion of the
afternoon was spent by the delegates at |
the University. They greatly admired .the
grounds and the tree 9, while the garden,
where are raised the many varieties of
Tart- floral plants, excited their chief In- I
t< rest.
J. E. Stubbs, who was recently elected
presid.-nt of the association, in speaking :
of the manner in which California will
i eneflted by the Inspection that will |
be made by the delegates, said:
"There are two very decided ways in
■which tiiis State will reap a benefit. First
let me say that every nun who has visited
. as a member of this association
be talking and writing about the
E c i ontinually for the next six months.
This will mean extensive advertising for
California in every State In t'ne Union.
Nx; when you consider the Influence of
ti:.- members of the association it Is easj
to see where the benefit will come In. All
. in •!!.■ either presidents of agricul
• ■ directors of experi
ment stations. As such ih>--. wield a wide
Influence, for they are in rios,- touch with
rths of the people of this coun
try. They are frequently appeal c- to for
Information regarding the Interests uf tlie
different States and the besi place for
people to settle. As the heads of colleges
they will direct here many young men
who will make California th.'ir home. The
Influx of young men who come here to
en^a*;" In agricultural pursuits will mean
the gradual breaking up of your large
ranches, which, I think, will ,ienertt the
for where iue farms are smaller
the demand for transportation makes bet
ter railway facilities, and this in Itself
means theopening and upbuilding of any
As a result of the trip of lhe as
sociation to this Star.' many yomiK men.
who are now in agricultural colleges, will
be persuaded to come dir'-ct to California
■to settle.
"The delegates will be able to benefit
California in the matter of appropriations.
They will see the many ways in which the
ice of agriculture and botany and
horticulture can be advanced by this
State having larger appropriations, and
with this association behind It any de
mand that the State may raa»e Congress
will not be long In granting."
The delegates leave at 7:JO o'clock to
morrow morning for I'kiah '<n a special
train tendered them t>y President Paster
of the California Northwestern Kallroad.
Reduced His Force.
Superintendent Hewitt of the Fire
Alarm and Police Telegraph reduced his
force yesterday to comply -with the appro
priation for his office in accordance with
the new tax levy recently passed by the
Board of Supervisors. Mr. .Hewitt will
r.ow try to get along with three ooera
tors, three assistant operators :md one re
pairer. Under the old order of things he
had six operators, six assistants and
eleven repairers.
Y. M. I. INSTALLATION.
New Officers of Council No. 508 Spend
a Pleasant Evening.
The newly elected officers of VorKe
Council No. 508, Young Men's Institute,
were Installed last Friday evening at
York- Council Hall, Pioneer building, 114
Fourth street. District Deputy Grand
President T. J. Horan was the installing
officer. The following officers were in
stalled: President, William M. Gill; nr^i
vice president, Harry McNesby; second
vice president, Charles D. O'Connor; re
cording ami corresponding secretary, J. A.
Dolan; financial secretary, Josciih Mun.
genast; treasurer, 1). A. Leary; marshal,
Thomas Doherty; members of the execu
tive committee John V. Doherty, J. J.
Riley, W. J. Walsh; physician. Dr. J.
Christal; member of board of manage
ment, T. J. Horan; insid»- sentinel, John
Rudden; outside sentinel. Arthur J.
O'Keefe; delegates to the Grand Council-
Charles I>. O'Connor and T. J. H<j
ran. After the regular routine busi
ness a literary and musical pro
gramme followed, which was wit
. • jsed by two hundred members,
including representatives from jvery
council in the city. Grand President .Sam
uel Hasklns and Grand Director John Fo
ley, iii a few appropriate remarks, con
gratulated the newly elected officers.
The numbers on the programme were
Kiven a« follows: Tenor solo by l.uke
H. O'Brien, W. A. lnift'y; barytone colo,
"Avit La Faile," .John w. Doherty; com
hiilities by O'Keefe and Stone; pleasing
selections by the popular entertainers,
Yorke quartet. William M. Gill first teaor,
Harry McNesby second tenor, John V.
Doherty first bass. C. D. O'Connor second
bass: two four-round boxing contests be
tween "Doc." Flynn and ] >an Regan and
Jim Palace and Robert U'Connur; prize
Cakewalk, won by John A. Dolan and Dan
Hanlon; topical selections, Vorke Council
Glee Club.
The committee in charge was: C. D.
O'Connor (chairman), John V. Doherty,
John A. Dolan. Dan Leary, T. J. Horan
and Harry McNesby.
« ♦ «
SHERIFF'S REPORT.
-
Figures Given on Crime During Fis
cal Year Just Ended.
Sheriff Martin tiled his report for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1h99 with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday. The
' amount of fees received was $8044 34. The
amount received for board of I'nitt-d
States prisoners was 16872 80, making $14,
--917 14 paid into the treasury.
The statistics of the county jails are as
follows: There are ill prisoners in the
tlir.-c branches, ten of which are awaiting
trial for murder and 115 on other charges;
297 are serving sentence, of which 74 are
females; »H7 were received during the
year and 3010 discharged. 418 having been
left on hand from last year. Forty-six
were charged with murder and man
j slaugthter. 10.'.G with vagrancy and 10C
' with burglary.
Help California Soldier Boys' Fund.
By purchasing ticket to International
Cakewalk Carnival. Mechanics' Pavilion
, July 15 to 22. •
Lost the Land.
M. R. and Marion A. Thompson brought
an action against the city of Los Angeles
to <j'i!t-t title to a narrow strip of land
fronting on Soto street. The city con-!
i that the property in question was
a part of the street. Judgment in the
lower court vent to the city, from which
the Thompsons appealed. The Supreme
Court decides that there is no ground for
ordering a now trial, and the judgment of
t!.!- lower court was affirmed.
TJ. S. Government Buys Typewriters.
1.. & M. Alexander just received an
order for ten more Smith Premier Type
writers from army headquarters. •
Thrown From a Car.
K. A. Qegenbaur filed suit against the
Market-street Railway Company yester
day to recover $is.f,'*i damages for personal
injuries. Plaintiff alleges that on Febru
-1 ary ii last, while he was In the act of
alighting from one of defendant's cars at
Howard and Twenty-fourth streets it
suddenly Btarted, throwing him violently
to the ground, rendering him unconscious
I and impairing his eyesight and hearing.
The Writ Denied.
The writ of habeas corpus sworn out on
behalf of Mrs. Anna Ro.ss w:is denied by
Judge Bahrs yesterday. The writ was
sworn out to secure Mrs. Ross" release
on the ground that she was confined in
prison without a charge against her name
Since that time, however, two chargo-i
--one of petty larceny, .the other obtaining
goods under false pretenses— have been
booked against her, and in consequence
Judge Bahrs refused to grant the writ as
prayed.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Divojce Suits Filed.
Nellie Bevpridge has sued her husband,
James B. Beveriuge. on the ground of fail
ure to provide. Antonette Sambuck asks
for a divorce from John E. Sambuck on
the ground of desertion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
SAME OLD STORY,
"DID NOT KNOW
IT WAS LOADED"
Private Drake Shot by
Private Gassway.
RESULT OF A FOOLISH JOKE
ONE SOLDIER IS DEAD. THE
OTHER CRAZED WITH GRIEF.
Lieutenant Colonel Henry Wagner
Has Left for His Home in New
York— Colonel W. F.
Randolph Arrives.
The same old story of "didn't know it
was loaded" has had another fatality
added to its already long list of victims.
Private H. R. Drake. Troop F, Sixth
Cavalry, in consequence of the careless
j rn-ss of his friend and fellow soldier, Pri
vate Gassway of the same troop, is in the
1 dead mom of the general hospital at the
: Presidio awaiting burial at the hands of
his comrades.
The tragedy occurred shortly before 10
o'clock in the quarters of the men, and as
is the ruU- in such cases death followed
! closely upon the heels of carelessness and
j a foolish joke. Gassway hod just returned
from guard duty. He had with him his
; pistol, which he supposed was emptied of
all of its cartridges. The men got to jok
ing about a piece of tobacco which Drake
had, and Gassway laughingly told him
that hf would shoot him for it. and tak
ing his pistol out of his pocket he pointed
■it at Drake and pulled the trigger. The
: weapon proved to be loaded. The bullet
struck Drake in the neck and passed
through to the spinal column. The
! wounded soldier fell, at the same time
crying out:
"You have killed me."
Gassway immediately gave th« alarm
and Drake was taken to the hospital. He
■ was completely paralyzed and it was with
1 difficulty that he was able to speak. He
! lingered a short while and died during
i the afternoon. He was a young man,
: about 20 years of age and unmarried.
; Gassway, who was crazed with grief, was
placed under arrest, and taken to the
guard house. Every one acquits him of
i any intention in the 'shooting, but the men
blame him fur his carelessness in not
. knowing his pistol was loaded. Troop F,
which is commanded by Captain Wileox.
only arrived at the Presido a few weeks
ago.
Lieutenant Colonel Henry "Wagner of !
the Fourth Cavalry, recently retired, left,
the Presidio List evening for his home;
in New York City. Colonel Wagner has
seen forty-two years of service In the
regular army. It<- enlisted in April. 1556. I
as a private In the Third Infantry, and
attain. -.1 his present rank July 13, 1898.
General Wallace F, Randolph of the
Third Artillery has reported for duty at
the Presidio, and will assume command
of that post on the departure of Colonel
Freeman, who will leave shortly on the
City of Para for the Failipplne Islands.
Colonel William A. Kobbe, who has been :
appointed by the President to command
one of the new regiments now being
formed for duty in the Philippines, is a
major in the Third Artillery, and prior
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT.
The Wonderful New Discovery
in Medical Science.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SEN! FREE BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the emi-
| nent kidney and bladder specialist, is
wonderfully successful In promptly cur-
■ ing kidney, bladder and uric acid trou-
bles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
. kidneys are pain or dull ache in the i
back, rheumatism, dizziness, headache,
nervousness, catarrh of the bladder,
gravel or calculi, bloating, sallow com-
i plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
i eyes, suppression of urine or compelled
; to pass water often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
the famous new discovery, Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists in fifty cent and one
; dollar sizes. You may have a sample
i bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and
a pamphlet that tells all about it in-
cluding many of the thousands of let-
i ters received from sufferers cured, both
\ sent free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Blnghamton, N. V., and please
[ mention that you read this generous
offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
uo.a fwm
! kniiJtingcd.
103 POST ST., NEAR KEARNY, S. F. .
fi& Buy From Headquarters.
/M BATHING
>J|i-' Alpaca and VIiSTQ
mm Knitted. 0 U l l 0
f^/ Sweaters, Jerseys, Etc,
igfe ] V It We knit to order
wJi UNDERWEAR
fed, ~£*r- In Silk. Wool and Linen
( - wm&i** ■ Mesh.
j Send for Illustrated Catalogue. Fro.
j -' ■ *
I C QDBI&I' FOR EITHER be*.
|X QnUli a Thin remedy S>einflj in-
— j«»«.»«m1 directly to the
so* ■■ """"-jggfe scat of thone diseases
Tiel £) " Spa of the Genlto-Urinary
Mm.. Sr| man <S»rg;sitiH. requires no
Bjß CjEi ail «'»•«"«*«* of diet- Care
vagfl-JggL-^Brai fTaarcnteed In 1 to 3
i - .1 tinvm. Soi:ili plain pack-
nfrm «B« ase. by mall, SI.OO.
\ff U £%JEa»oM only by
080. DAHLUEXDER & CO., Sol* Acenu.
n« K«*rny »t.. San FrancUco. C*L \
; U'DTTCUI7Q FOR BARBERS, BAK-
; tjr\ U JiliiO '■'<•■ bootblacks, bath-
+*m.m.<s*~* houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanKers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
i stablemen tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
' BUCHANAN BROS..
i Brush Manutsotur«ra> 609 Sacrament* Sk
M#
RADWAYS'S KKADY BELIEF has stood
I unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
j cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
j for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
to the breaking: out of the war was sta
tioned at Fort Canby. "Wash. He has
many friends in San Francisco who will
be glad to hear of his promotion. From
the breaking out of hostilities with the
Insurgents until a short time apo he com
manded the battalions of the Third Ar
tillery, station in Manila. His appoint
ment was made in recognition of his val
uable services in the Eighth Army Corps.
Another deserving appointment was
that of Colonel James Franklin Bell, who
is well known in this city. Colonel Bell
was for a long time" stationed in San
Francisco as aid to Major General James
W. Forsyth, retired. At the breaking out
of the war Colonel Bell, then a first lieu
tenant in the Seventh Cavalry, was ap
pointed major In the volunteer corps of
engineers. He accompanied the first ex
pedition to Manila and was placed in
charge of the Bureau of Military Infor
mation, in which position he rendered
most efficient service. Colonel Bell was
slightly wounded while accompanying
General Hale's brigade to the south of
Manila last February, but in two weeks'
time was again to the front, this time
as one of General Mac Arthur's staff of
ficers.
The new General Hospital at the Pre
sidio has been turned over to the medical
department. Already the surgical ward
Whea requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc When writing please mention The CalL
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
over oi «o*'kinds of mineral springs.
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $S; via Calistoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S F A S. P. Railway to Hopland, or
S P. R. R. to Callstoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address •' CRAIG.
Highland Springs. Lake County, Cal., or see
L D. CRAIG, SIS Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts.. Oakland.
AHRENS, PEIN & R.ULLWINKEL.
620 Post st.. San Francisco.
IS Plainly seen from THE SCN
r* parlor of HOTEL VENDOME, at th«
E'.i*it jocks toward Mount Hamilton over
the broad' expanse of alley and foothills
corered with ■ fruit, flower* and flowing
grata. VENDOME l* the pleatare-aeeken'
come. Hark juxx seen Lick*'
GEO. P. 3NELL, M*r.. San Jose. Cal.
SKftGGS'HOTSPRIiS
SONOMA COUNTY: ONLY 4^ HOURS
from San Francisco and but 9 miles' stag-
ing- waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath In State; swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, daily mail and express: FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $."« 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a I
week. References, any guest of the past four !
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
...£TNA SPRINGS....
Jack and Jill climbed up a hill
And looked the country over,
Till VEtna did their hopes fullfll,
And there they lived in clover.
Apply W. L. MITCHELL, Manager, Aetna
Springs, Napa County, or J. H. SIMPSON. Odd
Fellows' bMg., S. F. ; telephone Mint 1535.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT, LO-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
is located in the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance ' of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL 1. AM-
pie accommodations In Hotel; also In new
, cottages. just completed.
yvires. m. t. mooRP. '
- ;V BELVEDERE.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW.
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
i VALLEY; now open 'or guests. For terms
I and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Mann County, Cal.
SUNNYSIDE FARM.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND RUB*
ll »lan River, 2& miles from Guernevllle.
Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
Mountain Resort. Terms, $7 per week; chil-
dren under "12 years, half price. I i
SAMUEL TOMBLINSON, Guernevllle. Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS
(Glenwood, Santa Cruz County, Cal.)
THIS FINE RESORT IS. FROM NOW ON
open . as a first-class cummer and winter
resort. • For particulars apply to the manager.
Round trip only $2 50 on narrow-gauge route.
POPE HOUSE.
IDEAL FAMILY RESORT; ELECTRIC CARS
to beach. MRS. A. POPE, Santa Cru». Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
GOOD FISHING. HUNTING, BATHING;
fresh milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit.
Terms. ?7. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale,
Cal. Free carriage.
- • -
has been removed from the building for
merly occupied as a general hospital.
The headquarters band and four com
panies of the Twenty-fourth Infantry ex
pect to leave about the middle of this
week on the transport City of Para for
Manila. Colonel Freeman will go in com
mand.
The transport Conemaugh. with 240
horses of the Fourth Cavalry, will start
for Manila the latter part of the week.
Injured by a Runaway.
_Robert Wolst. an old man, living at_the |
corner 'of Webster "and O'Farrell streets,]
was seriously injured yesterday afternoon
tajy a runaway team, lie got a ride from
Robert Jones, driver for the Eureka Soda \
Water Company, and going down Jones j
street the team bolted. Jones was thrown j
out and the wheel passed over him. but i
did not injure him much. Wolst grabbed \
hold of the reins as the team turned into j
Geary street and the wheels struck a tele- i
graph pole. Wolst was thrown out and
jammed against the pole. He was taken j
to the Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Mc-
Gettigan found that two ribs were frac
tured on the left side and he was suffering
from a severe contusion of the back and •
frojn the shock. '
PASO
I ROBLES
<| (Pass of the Oaks)
<, The curative Mineral and Mud
\ Baths of Paso Robles have gained
i 1 a word-wide reputation.
i 1 Hotel Paso Rob es is one ot the
>' handsomest on the coast. Every
'i modern convenience. Pullman
( i cars to the d 3Or.
i 1 Write for book that tells about i,
([ the Mud Baths and what they \
', cure. Wiite for rates. ( l
( ! Otto E. Never, Prop. City Office, ( i
I 1 Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market st. i!
• (
Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET CRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS,
SHASTA RETREAT,
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further Information. Illustrated folders,
etc.. apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM
PANY'S Ticket Office. 613 Market st. (Grand
Hotel).
■-. ■„■ ■■ '• ■.■■-.. - !■:'. ~'■ ■:- -- .';' ;-.-'
r% ■ n ■ iA A HOT si>rings - - Thls
UII 1/ II IXT I I beautiful summer and
I UllUlllll winter resort, now
I fill lIT I owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
160 miles south of San Francisco. In the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
ro;s Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
walks and drive?. Special rates to families oc-
-1 cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
stage to Paraiso.) Round trip. $S. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D., Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office. 536 Butter sU. S. F.
YRON HOT SPRINGS
Contra Costa County, Cal.
These Hot Mineral Baths are the' -
only known cure for Rheumatism.
Take the 9 a.m. or 5:30 p.m.- trains, |
foot of Market street. I
I_.O/V\B/=%reD«fc CO.,Agent9,
Room 30, 22'^ Geary St.. S. F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paraiso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
beds carpets, etc. The Table the best the mar-
ket affords. The Baths refitted and improved— .
competent attendants and masseurs. Grounds
and walks beautified. Fine hunting and fish-
ing Trains leave Third and Townsend sts., S.
F.. at 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
roy for the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gllroy Hot Springs. Cal. ■ , . .
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
cino County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this clans of waters having continuous flow of
i natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
first-. lass. J. C. REDEMETER & CO.. Props.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO QUESTS. FINE FISH-
Ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee. in the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The ideal spot for families
because it is clean, no poison oak. no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
riDKRII) Most beautiful spot in Lake
VAHIODAI/ County. - The mineral springs '
are famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN,
Carlsbad, Lake County. ■ •
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
; family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and
fishing; artificial lake for boating and swim-
ming; long distance telephone; campers' return
tickets, $2 60; hotel open the year round: Send
for circular to J. H. HAESTERS, Glenwood,
Cal. | _^ ■ ■■; s/-.-i
PLANTATION HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER. Seavlew, Sonoma County,
of apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front st., S. F., for
particulars.' : -rr
' ■
TO GO DIRECTLY HOME.
Second Oregon Regiment Will Not Be
Mustered Out Here.
The people of Oregon want their regi
ment, the Second Oregon, mustered out
in that State and they have pulled the
wires successfully. This fact is shown in
the latest order that has emanated from
Secretary of War Alger. A few weeks ago
it was stated positively that the Orrgon
boys were to be landed here, mustered out
at the Presidio and then sent to their
homes by rail with lots of travel pay to
console them on their arrival there, but
owing to the eagerness of their fellnw
statesmen this is not to be. Now me
order has come that the soldiers are to
remain aboard their transport, whi<-h will
proceed north just as soon as she has
coaled. There will be a demonstration
upon the bay, when the soldiers will get a
taste of the'welcome that the citizens are
denied giving them. The transport with
the Orfgon boys is expected in now at
any time and will certainly be here this
wp'ek It is probable that General Shaf
ter will let the regiment land and march
up Market street if the transport is to be
here some days, so that the populace may
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND.
34 Hours" Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1
to Sept. 1. auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
PANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St..
Los Angeles, Cal., or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS, Agents, 621 Market St., San Fran-
cisco.
|% _(> .
*& f ' ■■ !• ;
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are Hotel
and ; assured del
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets, Terms, Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now in Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery at.. 3. F.
The Place for AT) f>\J A D TV n the FOOT-
RESTand ORCHARD™^.
HEALTH SPRINGS -SJSS.
* JX illlluw the 0. P.B.R.
Plain Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet
Addriss Orchard Spring*. Chicago Park, Cal. .
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath: swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard. croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class: table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 7.'.. Stage
meet* morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE &
JITERGEXSEX, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkln st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS G£%TOS.
JUST OPENED; XEW BUILDING; HAND-
some furniture; BO outside rooms; every
! modern convenience; electric bells and lighting;
I perfect sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-class
I family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
| venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
and service unsurpassed. Commodious free
sample room. LYMAX 11. TOLFREK, Propr.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAXD. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs: baths;
furnished cottages. Terms, $10 to $12. Buy
1 through tickets. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL, Hopland, Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIIM AND MINERAL SPRINGS,
Glen Ellen, Sonoma County: also 20 com-
pletely furnished B-room. cottages; . good boat-
ing, fishing and hunting: finest summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases in America;
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply
to Dr. C. C. O'Donnel.. 1021% Market St., bet.
■Sixth and Seventh, San. Francisco.
SAMUF.L SODA SPRINGS.
JR. ' MORRIS. PROP.. NAPA COUNTY,
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia, indigestion,
! rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located in Napa
- County, 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
is bottled at the springs -and contains its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena. ; ./',
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque. scenery; mountain
i walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
I pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health. culture in a. short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLETTA MOST DELIGHTFUL^
summer home. Every modern convenience.
' In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
I -San Francisco. Table under personal care of
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor. ..
j KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick. Slskiyou County. Cal.) - '
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect.- For parti-
| culars apply to EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. stage meets train at Xapa City. AN-
I DREW JACKSON. Xapa Soda Springs P. O.
MOUNT VEEDER RESORT ***5 g ro * e -
and Pine Forests. Napa County foothills; love-
ly and healthful spot. Elevation 1650 feet.
Mountain scenery hunting, pure -water, all va-
rieties of fruit. Terms, $7 per week. Address
; I P. B. HOLZREITER, Xapa P. O.
THF HOY A PFTRFAT Situated five miles
111 C IIUIA nCIKCAI from Gilroy. Spring
, water. Hunting. Magnificent location. Good
cheer and home comforts. •• Good board, with
all the delicacies of the season. For terms ad-
dress MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY, Gllrov,
Cal.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
OX X. P. C. R. R., THE PLACE TO GO
for summer; board or camp cottages; Sun-
day excursions. $1. For circulars address H.
G. MARTIN. Camp Taylor, Cal.
catch a glimpse : of its first returning
Colonel Stephen J. JocelyTi.
with the "l"^ ce t r h e Philippine Islands, and
wilY, r n hne fr on n Infs duty? take station in
this r ' t - v . ipntfinant John Robertson. Sixth
tTopy'SuVninsTromthe Phillppin. Isl
duty therewith. '
New Trading Company.
The Dewey Navigation and Trading
Company Incorporated yesterday *."ha
capital stock of $10,000,000. of which $700
has been subscribed. The directors, are
Charles F. Blandln. Henry O. Steams.
William Simpson. Frank E. Harris Orln
E. Harris. Waters A. Bushneil and Victor
J. Steams. '.-.■-:
Niagara Falls Line.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO NEW YORK, BOS-
ton or Intermediate points, ask your agent to
route you via the famous WABASH, NIAGARA
FALLS SHORT LINE, the finest scenic Una
east of the Rockies.
Beautiful DETROIT RIVER, NIAGARA
FALLS and gorge, MOHAWK VALLEY.
WEST POINT, CATSKILL MOUNTAINS,
banks of the HUDSON RIVER, BERKSHIRE
HILLS and wonderful Hoosac Tunnel are a few
of the interesting and beautiful sights seen by
the patrons of the Wabash. The Wabash is
the favorite route of the tourist to the Adiron-
dacks. White Mountains and New England sea-
side resorts, b< aupe it is the coolest, time the
best, equipment unsurpassed. Write for Illus-
trated and descriptive tours. "Lake and
Sea " R. C. CLINE.
Pac. Coast Pass. Agt. Wabash R. R.,
Los Angeles. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, b^W.
Up In thi mountains near the lakes,
and in the heart of Lake County's min-
eral belt. Take train via Ukiah.
ROUND TRIP $9.50
J. Martens, prop.; city office, 416 Pine st.
TO YOSEMITE.
TOURISTS TO YOSEMITE VALLEY AND
return for $25 cash, by Yosemite and Ray-
mond Carriage Line, Limited. Address A. B.
VAX CAM PEN, Raymond, Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS OATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout: lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN XEVILL,
Proprietor.
._ HOTEL. BENVENUE
AND COTTAGES. LAKEPORT, CAL. —
Large grounds; new dancing pavilion. 80x
40; fronts lake 300 ft.; fine bowling alley and.
shuffleboard; swimming, boating, elegant yacht
free; children's playground; good table; no Chi-
nese help. F. & A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, with one of the best
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip. $9 CO. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha, Laka
County, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS. \
SONOMA VALLEY, TWO HOURS FROM
S. F.. via Tiburon ferry. "Warm mineral
j swimming and tub baths. Water, gas, electric
I bells. Rates $10 to $12 per week. $2 per day.
Address Aqua Caliente Springs, Aqua Caliente.
Sonoma County, Cal. • . . ; r "
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT,
v none better in Lake Co. ; gas indoors and
out. H. WAMBOLD.
MONTE VISTA,
IN THE SIERRA NEVADA MOUNTAINS.
Ndw open. Come to the country for the sum-
mer. Low rates. Send for or call at Th«
Traveler office for illustrated circulars. THOS.
E. MORGAN, Proprietor, Monte Vista, Dutch
Flat. Placer County, Cal.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Rescrts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. XO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
SUPERIOR ACCOMMODATIONS AND
lowest rates via the "'Valley Road" route.
For full particulars address JOHN MOSS.
Traffic Dept., 321 Market St.. San Francisco.
BOCrt HOTEL-
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING OX
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; pur»
mountain air; free boating on lake; prices rea-
sonable, $S to $10 per week; 'special rates for
families. W. J. McDONALD, Manager.
\//~.CF rVII"T r f r San Francisco to Chl-
. I EOLITH 1 L» nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare, In either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 19 Montgomery st. . San Francisco.-
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
ranch, located in Blackburn Gulch. 6 mile*
from Santa Cruz: delightful summer home la
the redwoods, running water; abundance of
fruit: good table; terms $5 per week; children
under 10. $3. Address W. <_iXANDELL. Santa
Cruz. Cal.
A FKW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking:
good rooms: $6 per \ve?k and up.. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Calistoga, Napa Co.. Cal.
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking;
good rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH, Calistoga. Xapa Co.; Cal.
MAN7JANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or 4
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa. , - .'.
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortabl*
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QUIEX, Glen Ellen, Sonoma County, Cal.
FURNISHED rooms, with or without board
MRS. L. 8.. Sausalito. Cal.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During; Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting the
country, seaside cr springs during the Sum-
! mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
| for a week or longer by prepaying for sam 3
| at the- Business Office or by ordar through
j carrier.
...TERMS...
i 15 Cents per Week
I 65 Cents .......pep MonthADVERTISEMENTS.
Women's Ready JH
Iwl>l/IA '^^OxL~J
ifiaUC uUn^M^^r\
Lively selling for the last few weeks has left many odd
lines and sizes in suits on our racks. We have selected
Monday to close out the entire lot over one hundred suits.
All sizes from 32 to 44 are represented. The styles are all
this season's best sellers, and there is a choice of some very
swell effects among them. A splendid assortment of colors
are here for your choosing, Including the new grays, browns,
castor, blue, grays and black. Over one-half of these suits
are lined throughout with plain and changeable taffeta silk.
There is a choice for early comers.
Silk Waists White Duck Skirts
r^^~v <j>Q »7-k ' 75 Cents Each.
(^^m^K.f^^ r ) These are made from good qnal-
'^ssfes I / W/ 1 EoCll '*V white water-shrunk duck,.
\** I' ilrHj * with scroll of colored embroidered
\Za Ul^\ . , * , braid around the bottom of skirt
■JsT-«\<y*»^ "■ vancw or all sizes.
B^§l\c-"K Tan Jackets.
fWm^ black, $5.00 J»»t the rightweighl for sum-
/ T^wv^ and * 6 - c ° st t , he ri s ht , w ,i iKht for n s " m '
I t^J*- KjfL. I  mer and early fail wear. They
JLJ f\ values, an are ma of rie grade tan covert
»\f-A / ; reduced to cIot } i ined all through with taf-
Yf-j $3-75 0r feta silk, inlaid velvet collar;
*& Monday. sizes 32 to 44.
■'•$? 0. "Davis & Co.
Geary and Grant Avenue, San Francisco.
DOGS AS BAROMETERS.
They Are Also Useful to Lake Skip
pers in Case of Fog.
imera and tow bargea on
dness for dogs, and
■ - of the boats running between j
ports and upper lake ports d..^ r w
I. Sailors generally show an In- ,
for pets, but the dog- is some- j
than a pet on the hikes. He
ible member of the crew. He is
: isiworthy as a barometei
n approaching storm. !
wards in storms.
da a <l"j; that is
ivy weather and seems to ;
rolling or pitching of the boat,!
gs ai c as afraid of . ■
nan ] tssenger, and at the first
storm hunt for a hiding place.
"I had a dog that was as mil. h like a
woman as it was possible for an animal -
aptain who has carried a
>r nearly a quarter of a |
tell a storm was com
i notice it. and
ter would change. He f
ining and crying and
him away from my heels.
be asking me to put him
romfortable place for
him. 1 used to feel sorry for him. he'd
i. When the storm would strike
would 1"- out of sight, aud we often
. him hiding under the bunks and in
■ iuld not see anything
seen. 1 belleN •• if
iuld have done it he would have
d and pulled the covers
were always very careful that he
hurt in loading or unloading
• was worth a good d»-al of money to
. hen we had a thick
t for that dog and ... ep him
■ me. He was better than a chart. He
nd further away than a man
.: in fair weather, and all of us
si watch on him during .
• I down as thi
-• d him vf-ry much you
. • we were getting
■
i •■ we v. ■• re coming ;
from Duluth in a
h d ■ •- aH tli' 1 way
was his nam>'. was
.. c wl en we r< I
to jump us. but ivp
he Btayed with
V as many lights In
• and it wj
■ from the upper
5 ■ St.'. Marie
• all the time.
".!;, ■ ted That he 1' '^t
6 spent the time
Win-n v. i were about
i was figuring
:-:! tO be
■ bit nervous.
I imped up and ran to
ip .is though he
ock
"Is ■ once gave the en
.. and .lacks, n
I :irk- •■ was Immi
op and yelled to
rst mate I lea I. Just
i loom up
. ■■ were bo
ther when ■ ! that I
Thai dog
At Auction!
TUESDAY JULY 11,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 628 Market Street.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East Hide • 2943 M > Mission st.. 63
rth of Twenty-sixth st.: lot CCxllS feet: 2
niid fiats above ;>n Mission st. and house
or. Lilac a\ •
GOLDfcN GATE AYE. INVESTMENT.
b Kiflc fNo. lUS) Golden Gate aye.. 192:6
..-_t ■■:' Webster st ; lot 27:6x137:6 feet: 2
flats of 6 anO 4 rooms and cottafe or 3 rooms.
POLSOM-ST. LOTS.
East side Fplsom st., 2:> f«et n^.rth of Thlr-
-2 elepant lots almost In the
center of the city
MISSION HOME.
West side (No. 2652) Harrison st.. 235 feet
F-ntii < >f Twenty-second; lot 2~.xi22:fi feet; well-
lu::t hou«e. 7 rooms, bath and stable.
ELEGANT CORNER RESIDENCE.
■neast corner (No. .324*.) of Bartlett and
Twenty-first .«te. : elegant modern Residence of
B and bath.
rozv MODERN HOME.
Wfst *ide (No. 20) Dlij-mond St., 1982 feet
?■ uth of Seventeenth; lot 24:10x125 reet; modern
bouse of 6 rooms and bath.
MISSION COTTAGE.
■ i Hirliland aye.. 773 feet east
of Fnuth aye.; lot 25x100 feet; cozy cottage of 6
.
2ITH-ST. UriLDING LOTS.
N r:h si^.e Tv.-enty-fourth St.. 280 feet west of
Castro: inxiu each: 2 larse nice building: lots In
nice residence district
ST'N.VV CORNER.
Northeast rrrner Army and Dolores sts.; nice
lot ready for building; 26x76 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE tt CO.,
Auctioneers, 638 Market st. I
had smelled that hoat. sure as you're
born, and if I hadn't checked there would
have lif-en a collision and then a suit, and
1 would have had hanl work to explain
why I was not sounding a fog whistle."—
Buffalo Correspondence New Fork Sun.
INHUMAN.
i -"' . ■' *
! Father's Attempt to Curb Infant
Rights by an Invention.
New York is fast becoming: a city of
great inventors. The man who recent
ly patented a straw hat that screws on
has just been outdone by Ira H. George
of the borough of Brooklyn. Mr. George
Is evidently a father himself and knows
what it means to have a baby wake up
at 4 o'clock every morning and cry un
til ii is rocked back to sleep. He has
been greatly impressed by the woes of
his neighbors in the borough of baby
carriages. Accordingly he has invented
and just patented a device by the use
of which erring and vociferous infants
may be wooed back to sleep without
seriously disturbing the slumbers of
their parents. The invention consists
of a hammock which is to swing be
tween the footpoatß of the paternal bed.
At the slightest symptom of infantile
uneasiness the hammock can be given
a gentle impetus by the paternal" foot,
under the soothing influence of which
the inventor guarantees that all dis
turbing sounds will be hushed and the
drowsy god will once more reign in th*^
paternal apartment. It is understood
that, in honor of his patriotic inven
tion, Mr. George will be presented with
the freedom of the borough of Brook
lyn. — Chicago Tribune.
Inharmonious.
"No, we couldn't agree," sighed the
man. "I said I wasn't worthy of her,
and she said I was. For the sake of
harmony I yielded my opinion and said
I was worthy of her. and she, not to be
outdone in generosity, I suppose, yield
ed her opinion and said I wasn't." — De
troit Journal.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. JULY 9, 1899.
NEW UNIFORMS
FOR THE MEN
OF THE GUARD
Inspection Report of
Second Brigade.
THE FIFTH'S NEW COLONEL
SIGNAL MEN WLLL WELCOME
THE MANILA VETERANS.
Naval Militiamen Disappointed on
Account of Delay in the Ar
rival of the Steamer
Badger.
The National Guard of the State Is. ar
o<>nling to orders, to be uniformed and
! equipped at once. Last Friday the new
board on uniforms, Major General Dick
inson, Colonel Cutter (retired) and Lieu
tenant Colonel Geipting, met, discussed
the situation and decided to prepare the
I specifications and issue them next week.
| The AV.tr Department will furnish the
j rifles, haversacks, canteens and belts.
Major Jan sen, brigade inspector of the
I Second Brigade, has forwarded his report
1 of the inspection held in the latter part
!of June to the Adjutant General. The
j brigade, he says in his report, was made
: up at the time of muster and inspection
j of Troop A, the Signal Corps, seven com-
I panics of the Fifth Infantry and four hun
■ dred ir.cn of the. First Infantry, who did
; not po to the front for obvious reason?.
He says that the men who were in the
service during the recent war with Spain
and who have returned to the guard are
• noticeable for their soldierly bearing and
' discipline, and he suggests that captains
! of companies use their best endeavors to
■ retain these men in the guard as their
presence will have a strong moral effect
Which will be exceedingly beneficial. "As
i a rule," says the inspector, "changes are
! too frequent in the companies, and they
U'lid to cripple the guard."
The report gives the details of each
i muster and inspection and attention is
; called to the fact that the men are n"t
! in most of the companies uniformed, yet
in spite the fact that they were not in
regimental blue the bearing of thus.' m< n
who were in the volunteer service was
noticeable and i? mentioned favorably. In
the Fifth Regiment the companies mus
tered officers and men as follows: A, .'>7
1 out of t!4; B, 34 out of SS; D. 44 out of 77;
154 out of 114: F, 50 out of SS; G, 40 out
53, and H, 37 out of 51. The fact that
n were at work at distant points from
armories and the short notice for mus
is given as the reasons for absence.
»op A mustered 53 out of 59 and the
nal Corps 35 out of 38.
he inspector reports that Troop A eav
v is short tin- following State property:
j carbine; 21 revolvers, 5 cartridge box
-15 pistol holders. 2 saddles. 2 bridles,
13 saber belts and several other articles.
Captain Burnett dropped these articles
from his report, but the inspector was
unable to have any order produced for the
dropping of such missing articles. Cap
tnin Burnett stated that the revolvers
disappeared while the late Captain Jenks
was in command. Still the Inspector holds
that Captain Burnett, who was lieutenant
at the time, is responsible for t li»- prop
erty, and suggests that a board of in
quiry I)-' ordered to fix the loss. He mado
such a suggestion last year in regard to
(lost property in the troop, but no heed
paid to it.
K. Whit ton. who last week was elect
colonel of the Fifth Infantry, entered
service of the State as a private of
ipany B of that regiment in March.
and in December of that year he was
cond lieutenant of the company.
A year lat< r he was elected captain, and
held that commission until l^ 4 ?, when he
was promoted major, and in April, 1890.
)\f w;is elected lieutenant colonel of the
regiment, and on the 3d inst. was honored
with the highest office the regimental of
ficers could bestow upon him. At the out
break of tho Spanish-American war the
Fifth Regiment was ready to go to the
front, but it was not accepted until there
was a second call for volunteers. Then
Colonel Whitton entered the volunteer
service as one of the majors of the Eighth
California Volunteers. Some time before
the regiment was mustered out
Major Whitton was stationed with his
battalion at the Presidio, and it was his
battalion that was so highly commended
by General Compton, the post commander,
in orders, and when the battalion was
mustered, out with the rest of the regi
ment General Cpmpton expressed his deep
regret that Major Whitton and his men
had to go.
Captain David Albert Smith, who has
been continued by Colonel Whitton as ad
jutant of the Fifth Kegiment, has for
many years been a most enthusiastic and
active "National Guardsman and It has al
ways been ills ambition to have the Guard
df his State rank first as to proficiency,
equipment and appearance. His service
in the Guard dates from the sth of Au
gust, 1872. when he enlisted as a private
in Company D, First Infantry, Remaining
' . ■::;. rv . " ADVERTISEMENTS. . ""• """ : * ' '"' ' .
% '•'■■' Constipation \
Q Caused by over-work ! Over-eating ! Over-drinking! No part of the human body receives more ill treatment
c) than the bowels. Load after load is imposed until the intestines become clogged, refuse to act, worn out. Then V
£* you must assist nature. Do it, and see how easily you will be cured by CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. Not a m
% mass of violent mercurial and mineral poison, but a pure vegetable compound that acts directly upon the diseased O
Q and worn out intestinal canal, making it strong, and gently stimulating the liver and kidneys ; a candy tablet, ' (i
% pleasant to eat, easy and delightful in action. Don't accept a substitute for CASCARETS. . ..•«/,
G ■ —^-*uj*- - , m
i to I'u bring a surgean.—o eweler's \Neekly. hay. >1
jl tj^ffr^ _„!■!„ '•nd "i hare pono 14 daT " at a time ■without *&" ... V/
"St jS^^r -'idßFUßliro^ on movement of the bowol.. Chronic constitio- as f% .
f) , - . '^a^^r wtgnnL ° lion for seven years placed mo in this terrible Uk
ft. ASmBKr mmS^mtHSWSmm |HOH > in- condition; I did everything 1 hoard of but never char ■ vCk
fit\ JBKb tHi IaWBBBSI nBB , , found any rrllof until lbes»nusjnc CASCARETS. >fl
«3k jßm^Br " §tßs3J^^^^^V&& <%&£&£ C(^ 1 nowharo from one to thre* passngesartay, and car a»¥
•I JaHV wtSm wSw SSiSvM r.nn If I was rich I would civc $100.10 for each move- - r i v/
y-\ "SSinlKr TWn *^ SKSasSm ron- men t ; It Is such a relief."' aylmerL.. - 1 nt />
b'v 13/sBffS ' tSttm ' mSBbBEJ ''I' 1083 Russell St.. Detroit, Mich. it* 2 " j4 v^
itt MS iIML, Mor» Information. Ttfl'fafiH »1
j C/ BSS^^m - w^timß/^^^ Tommy— P Hat do 0*""» out — «tf" -r i cir^ f^Boß />
Cv ANNUAL SALES, 5,000,000 BOXES. %
1 THE TABLET DRUGGISTS *
W CASCARETS are absolutely harmless, a purely vegetable compound. No mercurial or other mineral pill-poison in Cascarets. Cascarets promptly, effectively and permanently
** cure every disorder of the Stomach, Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and every form of irregularity of the bowels, including diarrhcea and dysentery. >,
& Pleasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. Be sure you get the genuine ! Beware of imitations and substitutes ! Buy a box of CASCARETS Mk
j&L to-day, and if not pleased in every respect, get your money back ! Write us for booklet and free sample ! Address STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, CHICAGO or NSW YORK. >M
372 £/
with that command until March. 1877. In
; May, 1887, he became sergeant major of
: the Fifth Infantry; in April following he
was created first lieutenant and paymas
ter of the Fifth Infantry and in June, 1891.
was promoted cm tain and regimental ad-
I Jutant, which rank and position he has
held ever since. When the Fifth Infan
try was turned into the Eighth California
Volunteers, Captain Smith was commis
sioned a first lieutenant and was" detailed
'as regimental adjutant. During j the
! greater part of the time that he was In
the volunteer service he was stationel at
Benicla. and while there was commis
sioned captain of Company B.
! Major J. F. Hayes, who was elected
lieutenant colonel of the Fifth, vice \\ nit
' ton. promoted, entered the service as pri
vate of Company F of the Fifth in Janu
ary 1886 and went through the grades
corporal, sergeant, second lieutenant,
i first lieutenant and captain— was in
May, 1894, elected major. .
Captain \v. K. Elliott, who was elected
I major, vice Hayes, promoted, joined the
i National Guard as a private of Company .
D of the Fifth in June, 1887. and rose to
: second lieutenant of that company, flrst
lieutenant and inspector of rifle practice
of the Fifth, first lieutenant of Companj
I D and in 1890 was elected it« captain.
! The veteran Signal Corps of San. Fran
-1 cisco has appointed Messrs. Hanks De
i Witt. Porter. Everett and J. C. Meuss
! dorffer a committee to confer with the
Signal Corps of the Second Brigade. N.
( ; C to make arrangements to receive
! and welcome the members of the. i- irst
Company of the United States "Volunteer
Signal Corps on its return to this-clti
with the Oregon troops, due, here within,
a few days. The active company. Captain
Hewes commanding, has arranged to have
open house at the armory, 81a Kills street,,
during the stay of the returned signalmen
at the Presidio, and special entertain
ments will be provided. The veterans will
: do all they can to second the efforts -or
the active company. George Daly, the
j commander of the veterans., said on thif
subject: "The returning volunteers may
rightly expect at the hands of every
American a most hospitable welcome in
i appreciation of their long service abroad.
! This company of signalmen was organized
in San Francisco, and while only a tew
of its members are residents of California
or personally known to us. It will be our
pleasant duty to extend to them upon
' their return to our coast the first warm
handshake of a grateful nation."
In accordance with advices received
■ from the Navy Department at Washing
i tor- D C to "the effect that the Badger
■ will not arrive in San Francisco harbor
until the first week in August, the orders
! previously issued to the Naval Militia to
prepare for a seven days' cruise with that
1 vessel are all off and the men are now
awaiting orders. This will create much
confusion, as the men who were going
had all arranged for their vacation, and
now they do not know if they will be able
to go on that cruise.
The Six Coupon $1 Tickets
For Cakewalk Carnival are on sal-^ at
Hale Bros. Co.. D.an P. Carter's. The V.m
porium. Zeno Mauvais Co., etc. Save '"
cents before July 15.
FROM CHINA.
Come Millions of Pounds of Feather 3
to Supply the Trade.
The fierce tiro in a feather foundry
which took place at Newark last week
called attention to the fact that a larße
business is 4one In feathers, and that th«
fluffy, bulky article Is an important Item
In the commercial world.
"Of course." said a large Importer of
feathors and down, "most people know
that feathfrs are not made; that they are
simply gathered off the live birds for (ho
market: but there are not many people
who know that nearly tru- whole supply,
which amounts to Beveral million pounds
a year in this country, comes here from
China via Germany. In China the fpath
ers are gathered By small dealers ,\m\
commission merchants through the coun
try, and the stock rinds its way linaily to
Hongkong, where the large packing and
cleaning establishments .-ire situated.
Some feathers are nfade ready for the
consumer there, but the largest part- of
the product Is sent raw to Europe, where
the dusting and renovating take place.
One of the largest plants In Europe is in
Prague, where the factories of the con
cern which had the loss in Newark are lo
cated:"
The duty on raw feathers is ir> per c?n{
and 30 per cent on the manufactured b
cleaned article, and in order to save »>
part of the extra 35 per cent factories
have been established here. The raw ma
terial comes to the United States in bales
which have been reduced in size b\
hydraulic pressure and contain about 4(h»
pounds each.
Feathers which remain in Europe are
used to a great extent "for feather be>!r».
but of the material which comes to this
"country the largest part is used for pil
lows and cushions:
"The ordinary pillow." said a. manufac
turer, "eats up 75 per cent of the supply,
and the rest goes to miscellaneous ln<l
ding. and the down which is selected
from the feathers and comes. In some in
stances, already selected, is used for
fancy cushions of the better grade and
for bed covers. Feather beds, the old
fashioned article, which come here from
Germany and Ireland, are going out of
date rapidly, and even the East Slders
make pillows of their beds after they
h*VS been in the country a few years.
New York is no place for feather bods,
anyway, even if the people wanted th:m.
In 'apartments like those in the old-fash
ioned New England homes a mountain
of feathers may be housed, but in flats,
which are so small that the occupants
must use condensed milk, the feathnr bel
can have no place." — New York Tribune.
Making Arrangements.
"I want to get up a popular demonstra
tion." said the Paris agitator.
"When does monsieur desire it?"
"Tn-mnrrow."
"I'm very sorry, hut monsieur's rivnl
has engaged the mob for to-morrow. But
day after to-morrow it will be disen
gaged."—Washington Star.
FATHER YORKE
IS HONORED BY
IRISH BISHOPS
Brilliant Address at
Maynooth.
PRAISE FROM THE PRIMATE
THE ELOQUENT PRIEST'S PLEA
FOR CATHOLICS.
An Honored Place in the American
Hierarchy Is Predicted for the
Young San Francisco
Clergyman.
Rev. P. C. Yorke. the well-known priest
and lecturer of this city, has been the
center of admiration among the students
and professors of the Irish Catholic Sem
inary of Maynooth. In fact, he has been
the recipient of the warmest congratu
lations from the mosteminent and learned
of the Irish Bishops. He read a paper at
the annual meeting: of the Alumni Asso
ciation of Maynooth College, and awoke
the next morning to find' himself famous
through the length and breadth of the
Emerald Tsle.
Recent copies of the Freeman's Journal,
the most influential and widely circulated
paper in Ireland, which have just been
received in this city, contain a full ac
count of Father Yorke's reception. May
nooth College is one of the greatest sem
inaries of the Catholic church. It has
over COO students, all studying for the
priesthood. Father Yorke sperit some
years there before he determined to cast
his lot in the I'nited States.
The meeting of the alumni at which
Father Tnrke read his jiaper was attend
ed by Cardinal Logue, primate of Ireland,
twenty Bishopa and over 300 priests. The
Freeman's Journal gives the following
account of the San Francisco priest:
"Rev. Peter C. Yorke, San Francisco,
Vitality for Weak Men!:
'• : /^n^v^ Yonr Best Friena Is Your Strengtli •
timt^v^j/' '\ \ *%r^WB You need this in these days oi I
Wm'^&l {] ■ liii Ffl' : 'w^r - rush and rustle. A weak body does ,
:^^ ? ' ; J / ■') ' / ■ \ 1 nlSi^^^^) poor work. Look to your weakness. 4
/^Z^^S*^\/ '(■/ ml ' \W \^^C~^^^^ Regain strength and live like a man. *
-^ Ml -' m ! yumzF The real aim of life is to live well ]
N^p^ v f^_ -- -•_ M fi[f'\, s ' .JmMF^ and work well. Disease robs a man 4
L^^l ' NiK C '/mmF of his strength. It spoib his hopes, *
\||?S|p* . \\,K- -sj^JOW llis success; it racks the mind and T
\ N v\] y^ / often ends in insanity. Strong <$
>p|?2t jBS ' i^sSgk '^S^fi,' VJ^yJ' ' nerve? and sound organs depend on «
■ =^*. 'S^lj^^^^^^v^S- vitality. When that is run down |
' wti3tiEßß^'~*yi '^ there is weakness, pain or poor cir- j i
j^^^^^p^/^^^^^^^vCr dilation. In vain the victim seeks i
F^3m&^r // \ repose; his nights are restless; he 1
LI -/^irj/ ll\ v • W,f \ • fails to get proper support from food *
/ '/'/// / //•'■' \^ \V I or neec^ u * rest / rom sleep- In •♦
[ill 1 '''// " ]j 11 V I this condition Electricity is a great 4
■/' I V Restorer. 1
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt j
' Gives* to the weak man vitality, brain vigor, bodily stamina. His recovery is noticeable in 1
the brightened face and vigorous action. He is happy iii renewed strength. This is no «
idle boast. That marvelous Belt has wrought such a chango in vast numbers of cases, <s
many of which were deemed hopeless. • i
Late Cures by Using Dr. McLauj^hlin's Belt. «
LOUIS STANLEY of Tetalurr.a (Cal.) write.". July 4th: "During I W. M. CONVERSE of Campo, San Diego County, Cal., "was 4
the few weeks I have- worn your Belt it has completely cured me I saved from ruin." ■ ' 1
of weakness' and pain in the back. The improvement in my con- FRANK HENKEL, Veterans' Home, Cal., gained 40 lbs. in T
dition Is wonderful. All symptoms of the ailment have gone and weight." • '.'^ . 4
1 have been able to keep steadily at my work. I believe there's- no .S. FOSSUM, 62 Twenty-second St., San Francisco, "was restored .
cure like your Belt, and I cannot praise it too highly." to health." •• 7
J. 11. HOPKINS of Uklah (Cal.) "r«gaFned the' vigor of. thirty . C. H. FOX, corner Lincoln- and • Curtner avenues, San Jose, <S
years ago." | "was cured of twenty-two years' rheumatism." T
Weak men, put on Dr. McLaughlin's Belt arid you will then have power and reliance A
to face your work as a man- should do. • This Belt has a great reputation. It is used East, <
West, North and South — all over the Union. Call and examine it if possible, or send for 1
book about it, mailed free. Then you will see what this Bolt has done for those who have j
worn it. Call or address ' ' . .4
nil II ft lImI ftlinUl 111 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, office hours-sh m. toio p.m. 1
lIX IWI JJ mRI Jllghni I 119 SAN FRANCISCO, and Sundnys, IO to !. 1
Hill Ifli fill IflllknWUllklll] Cor. Spring »nd Second, Los Angeles. NEVE R SOLD IN DRUG STORES. j
read an eloquent paper on 'Certain As
pects of Clerical Education.' He summa
rized his paper as follows: 'Clerical edu
cation was a delicate subject to treat,
but wholesome criticism and candid dis
cussion were the life of the Maynooth
Union. Maynooth should be a center of
Catholic intellectual life and the head
quarters of an aggressive propaganda, of
Catholicism. Do the Irish people hold in
Intellectual matters the place to which
their numbers would entitle them? The
penal laws and the absence <>f a Catholic
university do not fully explain or excuse
our deficiencies; the dearth of Catholic
writers, the defects of our educational
system, the absence of any attempt to
advance popular education, the want of
a sound Catholic tone in public life. In
bettering the condition of things the
priests of Ireland must take the initiative,
and Maynooth must train the priests. The
literary training of priests should be their
training with a view to popular organiza
tion.'
"He advocated a short course for ordi
nary students, a long course for students
of more ability and urged the necessityof
encouraging students to specialize. The
trustees had already made some regula
tions In this direction which was one of
the most encouraging signs of their alma
mater. He had treated the education of
th<- priest from the point of view of a
public man and a representative of the
great church of God. In conclusion father
Yorke said: 'Your glory is the glory of
the Irish race and your triumph is shared
equally by us. We stand under the Amer
ican flag not as strangers or hirelings, but
as citizens who have contributed as many
civic virtues to the brightness of its stars
as any other nation and whose blood has
flown as free that it may stand secure.
But we are no worse citizens of the great
republic because we honor the motherland
from wliieh our race has sprung. Wo
look to >ou with pride. If at times we
peem to chide it is our love alone that
speaks. Ireland never grows old. To the
traveler across the desert sea her holy
hills are ever fresh and fair; her people
an- iike the eagle that renews its youth.
St Patrick has impressed on this land his
own characteristics, and. standing on the
threshold of the new century, you are
girt with strength to run the race und
renew the glory of ancient days. May
these glories grow with the returning
years and. chief among them, the renown
of this college which has taken up the
traditions of Armagh. Bangor and Clon
macredise. and through the gracious
providence and justice of our father's
God is destined to surpass them all.' "
Of the paper Cardinal Lodge said "it
was the most beautiful he had ever
read at a public meeting." Most Rev.
Bishop Clancy said: "It appeared to him
that if other evidence were absent of the
work Maynooth wa.s doing. Father Yorke
himself would be the most magnificent
specimen. He combined logic imagina
tion and eloquence of the highest order.
it was said formerly that light came from
the east. He thought to-day they saw
light coming from the Wept. In the futuvo
he had no doubt Father Yorke would
grace the American hierarchy by his pres
ence, and then his views which had been
so eloquently expressed would prove most
useful in the hierarchy of that country
in developing ecclesiastical systems of
education."
At the dinner which followed, after the
two principal toasts had been prop
the whole body of priests called for
Father Yorke. In consequence of the uni
versal demand Cardinal Logue, who pre
sided culled on the reverend gentleman.
who made a lengthy and most eloquent
address, which was received with the
greatest enthusiasm. One of the profes
sors of the college who contributed a spe
cial article to the Freeman's. Journal on
the meeting says nf Father Yorke's pa
per: "The lecture was full of wondoiful
Bashes of eloquence, which were received
with rounds of applause. It wound up
with a touching reference to Ireland's
past and future prospects and to the love
with which the Irish abroad look across
the ocean to their kindred in Ireland."
Father Yorke will spend some time in
Ireland and then return to San Francisco.
He is expected here in October.
PEPPINA'S DUES,
Or the Way the Italian Queen's Maid
Grew Rich.
The following story comes from Rome;
Queen Margharita has known for a lons
time that her dress bills were enormously
high but, having an old and trusted mud
who did all htr shopping or ordered tho
royal tradesmen to bring their goods to
the palace for her Majesty to see, sup
posed that ph.- wns not overcharged. Kut
on one dark day for the maid she fell ill,
and the Queen, having need of a very
simple frnck. one of her ladies in waiting
was desired to undertake the commission.
"Go to X.," said the maid, with anxiety:
"they always serve her Majesty." And
accordingly Mme. de paid a visit to
th.it establishment.
"A thousand francs for a plain pique
gown? Impossible!"
"1 regret very much, madame, said the
shopman politely, "but 400 francs for the
gown is not excessive, and then there are
Pepnina's dues.'"
"Peppina! Who is Peppina?" Interrupt
ed the astonished lady. "What has th.it
person to do with her Majesty's affair^?
"Everything; she is the Queen's maid,
and always insists on having more than
50 per cent on every purchase."
That night Peppina left the Quinnal a
sadder but wiser woman, but not by any
means a poor one. Her "perks " legiti
mate and otherwise, while maid to her
Majesty, were enormous. Not least among
them was her royal mistress' wardrobe,
which passed to ber so little used that to
the ordinary eye it was without blemish.
Twice a year Peppina had a sale which
was largely attended by Americans, who
gave (.xagpernted p rices to possess a
gown actually worn by royalty.— Now
York Tribune.
A Frenchman intending to compliment a
vnung lady by calling hrr a gentle lamb
said. "She is one tame mutton as is
small.
1112
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BI'SINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery treet.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until S:3O o'clock.
689 M Alllster street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
61_ Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S o'clock.
.00 Eleventh street: open until' 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
n until ft o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
I At The Strangers' Sabbath Home
,{' I (643) Howard St. Methodist- Episcopal
• % 4 Chinch Bet. id &3d Sts. Seats Free.
I\ II R^v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
i;!'l ; i 1 will Res. by the Church. Tel. Black go*.
\ ( -*3 finmfortableseat ')
t_i, v *YC_Li A 1 11 | llrteous greeting > Await >o%
' : * i AjijAl UUrJial welcome '
BH «bM_"i 11 a. m.— "The Development of
.-. »BsSsi:i Manliness in Young Manhood."
'Vl;£i6a-IU.I 7:30 p. m.— Memorial services
for Bishop Newman; sermon, "Lesson From
a Colossal Life."
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Powell
and Geary Bts.— Rev» John Hemphill, D.D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45. p. m.
Topic, evening. "American Civilization— A
Century's Growth Reviewed." Music, morn- j
ing— Anthem. 'Christian the Morn" (Rowe ,
.Shelley); solos and quartet; offertory, soprano
solo Mi«s Florence Doane. Evening service—
Anthem. "-Hark. Hark, My Soul" (Rowe
Shelley >: offertory, alto solo, Miss Carolan
Boyn.""AIl are cordially invited^
HOWARD Presbyterian lurch, cor. Oak and
Baker sts . Panhandle of Golden Gate Park—
Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Preaching at 11 ,
a m. "and 7:45 p. m.. by Rev. J. S. Thomas, ;
pastor-elect. Christian Endeavor meeting at I
6:45 Wednesday evening prayer meeting at
7:45. A cordial invitation Is extended to all.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. —Rev. Georsre C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach morning and evening: 11
a. m. theme. "Helps"; 7:45 p. m. theme,
"The Awakening of a Soul." All are cor-
dially invited.
.
SEVENTH Day Adventlst lurch, 914-916 La-
guna st between McAllister and Oolden
Gate aye.-Elder J. O. Corliss, pastor. Ser-
vices- Sabbath (Saturday), sabbath school
at 9:45 a m preaching at 11 o'clock. A
series of disccurses even' Sunday evening at
74 - o'clock. Subject to-night. "The History
of the World as Foreshadowed in Prophecy.
Seats free. All welcome.
THE West Side Christian Church— at I
11 a. m. and S p. m.. Preaching by Pastor
M W. Williams. Subject— morning "The.
Crown of Fig Leaves." Evening "The Ad-
vent of ace." Sunday Echool at 10 a. m.
Y. P. B. C. E. at 7 p. ra. _
NFW JERUSALEM Church (Swedenborglan).
1626 O'Farrell St.— The pastor. Rev. D. \ . ,
Bowcn. will preach at 11 a. m. ; subject. The
Divine Humanity; the KnowaMe Side of
God." Free library of r.ew church books.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. S2O
Post st.— Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
This church was organized by command of
God to preach the everlasting gospel in the
eleventh hour, telling men to "worship the |
only true and living God." "In the dispensa-
tion of the fullness of times." i:10. All 1
.welcome. "Prove all things." .
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block, 223 Sutter st. bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson, 11 a. m. \
subject. "Life." Sunday school for children 1
at the same hour. Wednesday evening meet- ;
ing at R o'clock. All are welcome. :. j
SPECIAL gospel meetings at the hall 11 City
Hall Square, near Market st.. every evening,
except Monday and Saturday, at 8 o'clock.
Undenominational. H. A. Ironside, evan- :
gelist Sunday school and Bible class Sunday
mornings at 9:30 o'clock. Come. Bring your i
Bible. ; I
THE Theosophical Society— Extra occasion, lee- .
ture to-night. "Mysteries of Sound and !
Music." with photographs by Dr. A. Marques j
of Honolulu, president Aloha Lodge. Theo- ■
EOphical Society. Odd Fellows" building. Sev-
enth and Market sts. Lotus Circle Sunday. 11 ■
n m. Inquirers' meeting Thursday. 3 I', m. _
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
A FREE lecture this evening at 8 o'clock.
Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 909 Market s»t., ;
by Dr. J. Depew. Ke-rgan of Drs. K.~& X.'s
Electric Sanitarium; subject, "Egypt, the
Land of Ancient Mysteries." .magnificently
Illustrated: those attending this lecture may
procure free tickets to the wonderful X-ray
exhibition at the sanitarium on Tuesday
evening next.
TO-NIGHT at 117 Larkin st., Mrs. Schlestnger
speaks on "The Mediums' Protective Asso-
ciation"; materialization; cabinet spirits of
Miller and Elsie Reynolds will appear: Bishop
Garrison; I 1 "'.
AT Dr. Kines' spiritual society. 909 Market;
11-3-8; Mrs Seeley. Ilingham, Mr. Arnhold;
doctor's office, 1228 Market; Wednesday, 8,
909 Market, Central Hall.
JOHN SLATER, the world's greatest platform
test medium: grand test seance to-night, S:l5,
Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin st.: admission, 10c.
MRS. MARY EVANS, 1329 Market, nr. £th— Cir-
cle to-day at 2 and S p. m. ; also Monday eve.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to- |
night; lOci 603 McAllister St.; come, skeptics, j
C. V. MILLER'S materializing etherealizing 1
seance: S p. m.: 50e. 409 Leavenworth st.
A TEST devel -healing meeting. in., 2 and S t
p. m.. 10c, 9A Sixth; R. A. Stitt, Hargrave.
MRS. HARLAND. trance medium, psychomet-
rist: circle to-night; tests; 10c. 14A Geary st.
C. E. STEERS, medium. 112^ Oak; circles Tues-
day. £ p. m. : Thursday. 2 p m. . 25c . read. $1.
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD.
THEOSOPHICAL Society in America— L»etur=
to-night. "The Mortal and Immortal Man,"
Dr. J. A. Anderson. International Brother- I
hood League. Tuesday night. "Cramming and
Character Building." Mrs. H. H. Somers and
M. P. Chrlstpnsen. Academy of Sciences
Hall. SIS Market st.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodgp No. 1. I. O. <^^H^>
O. F.— Members will meet in hall ■______53___:
MONDAY, July 10, 1599, at 1:30 p.
m.. to attend funeral of our late y v/l ] iv-
brother. RICHARD ROACH.
A. G. CLARK, N. G.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. j_J9J___.
O. F.— Installation of officers on ,j_y_r-'_!_i___
MONDAY EVENING, July I.. %?£-®fe?»3F
■I^9. A. G. CLARK, X. G. - *2wWP i I
GERMANIA Ixidge No. 116, I. O. • 4sSS*4£'»- ''
O. F.— The Funeral Committee. #^"*><t_
the officers and m»mbers of the :^-,'<s^t :
above lodge are invited to at- -^Wftw 1 |
tend the funeral of our late brother RU- '
DOLPH WAECHTER, on SUNDAY. July 9 !
at 1:30 p. m., from O. F. Hall, corner Seventh \
ar.d Market sts. .TNO. R. HAACKE N. G.
EMIL NIEMEIER. R. S.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, inn F., \fj^i^~~
Sixtepnth and Valencia sts In- ;§*£^"Elfe£;
stallation TUESDAY EVENING; i Sf
July 11; visitors welcome. ' -.-<r,,.. <^~.
'' R. THATCHER, X. G.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. 0.0 *-*...
I«\— lnstallation of officers Mi iV- -^J^_____
DAY July 10. Visitors cordially r?&i&3G
invited. • ' "- ■'*.';:<. -~
. JAS. LAWRENCE X G
A. M. PETERSON. Rec. Spc.
Ir=RAND CHANCELLOR II R jv_, '
ARNDT will officially visit the v $5.
lodges of San Francisco on MON- <£kCKr
DAY EVENING NEXT, at 909 Mar- <^&?
ket stieet (Crystal Hall), and on TUESDAY
EVE.VING will visit Roma Lodge "No 147 i
and Jefferson Lodge No. 170. at 814 Pacific
ftreet. All members of the order are cordi-
ally invited to attend
H. SCHAFFNER. G. X. 'of I; & S.
ATTENTION Citizens of Golden Gate Valley
at Tilton Hall, SUNDAY EVENING, July V
at 7:3 i) o'clock, to protest against the crippling i
of the Fire .Department by the removal of
Engine Company No. 20 from the Valley By !
request of- THE COMMITTEE. '
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Fran<*i«e.n
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the off] of the company No
321 Market st . San Francisco, Cal , on
TUESDAY, the ISth day of July. ISM. at the
!.nur of - p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting
• ALEXANDER MACKIF.. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up ■
P*lntl done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
IN consequence of the request of the Board
of Health that orphan asylums refrain dur- I
ing the threatened epidemic of smallpox, I
from having regular visiting days Maria '
Kip Orphanage will not receive visitors on
the day generally Bet apart, to insure the
continuance of the good health which at pres-
ent prevails.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby -.rive notice that they have ad-
mitted into the orphanage from January ], 1£99,
to June 30, 1599, the following named orphans
and Ualf-orphans, boys and girls: Morris
' .Harris, 9 yrs. 7 mos.; Cecile Daniels, 12 yrs. 2
mos. ; Sarah Lowenstein, 0 yrs. 9 mos. ; Bessie
Fllvennan. 8 yrs. 7 11109.; Elkan Gross, i yr&.
I mos.; Berthold lUnkin. 11 yrs. 11 n.os. ;
' Nellie Baekel, 11 yrs. 9 mos. ; Sarah Ulalne,
10 yrs. 0 mos.; Bertha Wolff, 11 yrs. 8 inn.:
Alexander Meyer, 11 yrs. 7 mot.; Benjamin
Harris. 11 yrs. 10 mos.: Joseph Lowensteln, 5
vrs 7 tries.; Fannie Silverman. i> yrs. 8 mos. ;
Sleg. Gross. 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Richard Sit'tig, 6
yrs. 4 mos.; Philip Baekel, 6 yrs. _ mos.; An-
. nie Elaine, 8 y». 9 mos.; Milton Wolff, 10
yrs. 4 mot.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILIXGS pile salve-, $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
MARIA KIP Orphanage, r.20 Lake St.. S. F..
hereby gives notice that the. following or-
phans and half orphan girls have been re-
ceived in the orphanage from April 1 to June
30, 1.99: Lavina Chapman. 6 years; Alice
Sweet. 6 years; Ellen Kempner, 1 year 8
months; Ethel Hooper, 6 years; Nell Rose
Hindeman. 11 years 4 months: Eliza Bucko w,
11 years 3 months; Florence Irvine, 4 years;
Irene Irvine, S years.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
• Orphan Asylum, from January 1, IS9B, to July
1. 1899: Antone icho>.s, age 3 yrs.; Joseph
Baraco. age 4 yrs.: Josle Truman, age 4 yrs.;
Annie Truman, age 3 yr». : Nellie Shakespeare.
age 6 yrs. ; Maggie Shakespeare, age 4 yrs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.-. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: Tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Savings and Loan So-
ciety. 101 Montgomery St.. corner of Sutter.
The board of directors declared a dividend
for the half year ending June SO. 1899, at the
rate of three and eighty-four one hundredth*
(3. .4) per cent per annum on term deposits
and three and twenty hundredths (3.20) per
cent per annum en ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Saturday.
July 1, 1599. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of divi-
dend as the principal from and after July 1,
1599. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black IS.I.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female.
THREE Scandinavian servants as cooks and
for general housework, having references,
wish situations. Can be seen at J. F.
CROSETT & CO.'S. 316 Sutter st.
A NEAT colored girl desires situation; house-
work; best ret MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
DRESSMAKER— First-class cutter and fitter
would like few more engagements by .the
: day. Box 4SC3. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman: Is a good i
cook and breadmaker. city or country; mod- .
crate wages. 746 Mission st. good references;
carfare.
LADY wishes sewing and mending at home.
Call 179 Fourth St.. room 6.
WOMAN wants washing, ironing and cleaning;
good references. . 'S3 Seventh st.
SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
do cooking and some housework; country
only. 34S Third st.
SWEDISH girl: quiet: experienced; good cook
and house worker; city reference. 761 How-
ard st. ■ '_
WOMAN wants situation; housekeeper: city or
country: or take charge hotel. Box 4 <'>">. Call.
WANTED— PIain sewing- and mending by a
middle-aged woman, with the best of refer-
ences, either hotel or private family, for room
and board. Address or call Seamstress, 739
Pine st. ' . I
AUTHORS MSS. and legal work carefully and
accurately typewriten by experienced busi-
ness woman. Address 357 Jersey St., near
Castro.
WIDOW with a boy 8 years old desires a
housekeeper's position in a widower's fam-
ily; will take entire charge: best references.
Address MRS. A. P.; 812 Laguna st.
GERMAN girl wants position in German fam-
ily (speaks German only) for general house- |
work; wages $18. 32 East Park St.. near 33d.
SWEDISH woman wants washing and Ironing
or housework 1013 De Haro st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do down-
stairs work for American family; good refer-
ences; city or country- 420 Sixth st., room 26.
COMPETENT woman wishes work b" day:
first-class laundress; makes herself generally-
useful; references. 120 Wilder st., near
Steiner. between Bush and Pine.
SITUATION to care for an invalid or keep
house: city or country- Apply -4 Freelon st.,
off Fourth. ' j
COMPETENT person wishes employment with
American family of adults: fine cook; salary
$1$ to $20: references; city or country. E. L. |
F.. 21 IS Union st. »■-.- j
WOMAN of experience wants position as house-
keeper in rooming house; city or country.
Box 4852, Call. ■ ■___
LADY would like to get some washing to do
at home. Address 1126 Harrison St.
YOUNG cirl wishes to assist in housework.
; Address box 4Sj4, Call.
LADY piano teacher will give lessons or pay
for the use of piano to practice on a few
days in the week. Box 4MS. Call.
LADY of education and refinement wishes a
position as nursery governess, companion,
. >pyist, saleslady or cashier in store; best of
reference. Address MRS. W. W., 610 Polk st.
REFINED lady, good cook, wishes position as
housekeeper, "traveling companion or camp
cook. Call Golden West Hotel, Ellis St.,
room sfi, bet. JO 1. m. and 3 p. m.
EASTERN woman wishes position as manag-
ing housekeeper, or as agent for wholesale
house; can acustom herself to most any
kind of business; city or country. Address '
all week, 223 Kearny st. room 11.
DRESSMAKER, late with leading New York
house, wishes to establish herself in busi-
ness; will work at half price July and Aug-
ust: $8 gowns for $5; out of town trade solic-
ited. 223 Kearny st.. rooms 11 and 12.
EXPERIENCED North German nurse seeks
position in an American family to take care of
grown children; age 30; best city reference.
Address E. C. ■-■ Pine St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light work or care
of children. 527 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG woman wishes 1. 2 or 3 hours' work
mornings as lady's maid, maid of all work,
chambermaid or janltress. O. H., 597 Ellis St.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day, washing, ironing and housecleantng; $1
day. Box 12, Call branch office, 357 Hayes st.
GERMAN-American girl would like a situation
.to do unstairs work or take care of children.
Box 4846, Call.
YOUNG lady, English, would like to wait upon
and be a companion to elderly or Invalid lady:
good home; small salary. Address MISS
NICHOLS. 128 Hollls St., Oakland.
WANTED — By a middle-aged widow with a lit-
tle, girl 11 years of age. a position as house-
keener in widower's family; best of refer-
ences. Call or address 644 Waller, nr. Scott.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework, city or country: will
work for moderate wages. 10 Stockton pi.,
off Grant aye., bet. Post and Sutter.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife: man
good meat and pastry cook in hotel, board-
ing house or resort. Address box 472, Call
office. Oakland.
WANTED— By a bright young lady, position
as cashier, copyist or office work; best of
recommendations; wages no object. Ad-
dress box 4574. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS accountant wishes work at
home; bookkeeping, bills, etc.; terms reason-
able. Box 4877, Call.
AX English lady would like to take care of
rooming house; can give good reference. Ap-
ply 207 Jones St.
WOMAN would like Dlain sewing to do at
home. S2l Mission St.. room 1.
REFINED working housekeeper desires situa-
tion; country. Box 4875, Call office.
LADY wishes sewing and mending at home.
Call 150 Fourth St., room 12.
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work, or
assist In housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard st., near Fillmore; call 2 days.
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored woman) wants
cooking by the day, especially for parties.
Call or address Cook, 2816 Baker st. -
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
ing washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist in light house-
work. Address box 4SSS, Call office.
WANTED— By an old woman, housework in a
smalt family: is used to cooking; city or
country. 760 Folsom st.
YOUNG woman would like plain sewing to do;
would go out by the day. 149 Taylor st., room
14. second floor. MRS. i:. BALDWIN.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 Vi O'Farrell st.; tel. East 424.
AN all-around slaughter house butcher wants
position in the country. MISS CULLEN. 3°5
Sutter st. . • . .
GARDENER; married; as caretaker of private
place; thorough experience: not afraid of
work; best references. Address GARDENER
Dalves Hotel, Wood-tide, Cal. *
WANTED — position as working foreman in cir-
cular sawmill; Al reference. Box 4873, .Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires position on pri-
vate place, or in private family; can make-
himself generally useful; understands engi-
neering and firing; horses; can -sail or steam i
yacht; wages no object. ■ Address Box 4871 I '
Call office. '
PAINTER and paperhanger wants work. Ad-
" dress JOHNSON, New Atlantic Hotel. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— Ma|e.r
WANTED-Position as night watchman, by
married man. aged 48: references. A. WMl*.-
GENT, 916 Howard st.
POSITION in small grocery store or similar
business for board and lodging oor.r r . " rJ>t
month; highest references. Box 4869, can.
INTELLIGENT youth . of good hablU/twith.
security and reference, desires position in
city or country where advancement can be
obtained. Address box 4503, Call.
MAN and wife with boy. 4 years; on farm saw-
mill or mine; man handy with tools, wiie
good cook. Address box 4849. Call.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, host-
ler or to do general work around place: city
or country; references. Box 4551. Call office.
GERMAN man and wife would like to take
charge of small place In the country; man a
good farmer and wlnemak.r; wife a good
cook: can give good references. 11. 0.. ot.
George Hotel. 812 Kearny st.
POSITION wanted In Turkish bath sanitarium;
or hospital by first-class masseur; recognized
by medical authority and willing to stand
examination. Address box 4S7ti. Call.
FRANCO-SWISS cook wants employment^,
• moderate wages. Address Franco-Swiss. .25
Sansome st. '
FIRST-CLASS practical landscape gardener
wishes situation on private place: first-class
references from very prominent people 01
California and Eastern States. Address K.
H., 377 East Julian st.. San Jose. Cal.
WANTED— Window or house cleaning or other
work; have eight hours every day to spare;
city references. ANDERSEN. 952 Bush St.;
tel. East 963.
HELP WANTED —
C. H. HANSEN & C0...,. -PHONE GRANT 183
■ 4 waitresses, Yellowstone Park, free fare from
Portland both ways 30 waitresses for
mountain and water resorts, springs and the
best commercial hotels in country, also Tor
Southern California, $20 to $25; 4 chamber-
maids to wait, country. $20; 3 waitresses city.
|20; fancy ironer. $25. and marker and dis-
• tributor, $25 and, found, to go north, fare ad-
vanced if necessary; cook and dishwasher,
delicacy store $50.
FAMILY ORDERS
Governess who can teach German and music,
$25; cook and second for 2 in family. $25 and
$20. see lady here 10 a. m. ; great many girls
for cooking and housework, $15 to $25; second
girl and seamstress for small American fam-
ily across the bay, $20, see lady here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104" Geary st.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.. want,
Monday morning. 100 servant girls to fill their
numerous situations, such as cooks, wait-
resses, nurses, second girls, etc., for city and
country. ■
WANTED— flrsx-cla^s cooks, no wash. $30;
cook, wash and iron. $27. and second girl. $20,
same house; cook, plain wash, $2.". and nurse,
$25, same house; IS girls to cook, plain wash
In Americtan and Jewish families. $25 and $20;
3 cooks for private boarding-houses, -'.'. and
$30; girls for housework, for Mount View
$25. San Rafael $30, A lam-da $22 50, Ross Val-
ley }25; cook for delicacy store. $35. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 816 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, San Rafael. $25; Oakland,
$20; Mil! Valley, $:5; San Mat. . $20; Ala-
meda. J2O: Sausalito, $2.": and several other
towns. $20: housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25; a number of young girls to
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A SECOND cook and waitress; $20 each; hotel.
Alameda: see party here Monday morning.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— 4 RESTAURANT waitresses, $_ and $6 per
week each: 10 waitresses and chambermaids,
city and country Hotels, $20 and $25 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutler st.
WE Want for Monday morning—
10 girls for. general housework.
6 experienced waitresses, $20.
Chamberwork and waiting, $20.
Nurse girl, $15.
Girl to care tor children and housework;
good home.- $12 l and other choice situations.
New Employment Office, 751 Market street;
phone, black 3911.
WOMAN with a child, $15, see party here:
waitress for institution, $15; woman for gen-
eral work, resort. $21. fare paid. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
2 WAITRESSES; country teds: $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery St., room 12.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 386 San
Jose aye., corner Twenty-sixth st.
HOUSEKEEPER for two; wages $10. Call
Sunday, 380 San Jose aye.. bet. 25th and 26th.
YOUNG lady to canvass printing: good salary
to right one; before 9a. m. BLEY'S PRINT-
ING HOUSE. 511 Sacramento st.
LADIES make $5 dally selling our shirt waist
and skirt supporter; agents wanted every-
where; send stamp for outfit. STEPHEN-
SON, dept. 100, 49 West 19th st.. New York.
GIRLS for first-class solid can labeling; refer-
ences. Apply UTICA CLEANSING CO., 21
Spear st.
WOMAN, colored or white, assist In house-
work for home and low wages. Call Sunday
p. m.. 1112 Vallejo st.
WANTED— Experienced girls to work In cigar-
ette factory. Apply ''•'■>'• Laguna st.
WANTED— GirI, 16 or 17. to assist in house-
work; must' come with parents. 714 McAl-
lister st.
RELIABLE girl to help with housework, care
of children; good home; moderate wages. 733
Shrader st.
RELIABLE girl to help with housework, care
of children; good home; moderate wages. 73j
Shrader st.
EXPERIENCED' finishers on Infants' caps,
hats and children muslin wear. Apply Mon-
day S:3D to 9:30, BAUER BROS. CO., 21
Sansom'e.
YOUNG woman, some knowledge of designing,
as assistant forelady ; in muslin underwear
factory. Apply Monday 1 to 2 o'clock,
BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansomt st.
OPERATORS on overalls: a limited number
instructed. Apply HEYNEMANN & CO.,
410' i Mission st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on skirts.
412 Market st.
GIRL, 14 years old. to take care o* children;
wages, $6. 1104 1 . Potrero aye.
EXPERIENCED girls on sewing machine to
work on boys 1 knee pants at 1034 Folsom Ft.
LADY who plays piano can have room rent free-
with music-loving people. Box 4856, CalL
YOUNG apprentice on vests. O. STIEGELER,
40] Jessie st. ; call Monday.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers; good
nay; steady work. NEWBAUER BROS., IS
First st. *
YOUNG lady to learn retouching; good pay
when competent: instruction charge, $10, six
weeks. Box 4547. Call.
RELIABLE girl to help with housework; care
of children; good home; moderate wages. 739
Shrader St.
GIRL for general housework: good cook; two
in family; no washing; wages, $20. Apply
210 Locust St., bet. Clay and Washington. ;
GIRLS to learn dressmaking; ones living at
home preferred. 6 Eddy St., room 96.
EXPERIENCED machine operators on bag
work. Apply Cal. Bag Co., 11l Clay st.
GIRL in Catholic family to assist In general
housework; wages -$10 per month. Address
box 86, Sausalito.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. Ap-
ply to-day, 2635 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on cloaks. M. WIL-
SON, 723 Market St., room 31.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay St.;
People's Restaurant.
VISIT the McDowell and you will find the
largest, most successful dressmaking school
on the coast; $1 per week: evening class; pat-
• terns cut. The McDowell, 103 Post st.
WANTED— young girl to assist In house-
work and care of children; wages $15. Call
718 Steiner st. .
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd..
Brannan st., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— A reliable German girl to take
rare of children and do upstairs work;
wages $15. Call In the forenoon at 120 Brod-
erlck st., bet. Halght and Page.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
shirts: steady work; good pay. ROGER-
SON'S, 533 Valencia st.
GIRL for general housework and assist with
cooking. Apply 567 Geary St., after 11 a, m.
daily.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
OPERATORS oh overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 3214 Fremont St.; apply to Mr. Davis.
HELP WANTED Male.
WE WANT EARLY MONDAY MORNING—
. 20 teamsters, $185 per day
75 pick and shovel men, $1 75 '.
100 laborers, $175 ;
30 "power drill men. $3 50 per day
2 good shingle sawyers
. 6 good solicitors, $3 to $6 per day
Man for employment office
Man and wife for institution
And other good situations
New Employment Office 
. 751 Market st. . Telephone Black 3911.
DISHWASHER, $20; waiter. $25: kitchen man •
$20; country hotel. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26
Montgomery St.. room 12.
A SOLICITOR that has some knowledge of
mines. Apply room 28,' Columbian building,
SIC Market st. • , .
HELP WANTED MaIe.
COME UNTO MURRAY & READY "'""
PHONE MAIN 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
ALL YE THAT LABOR. AND THEY
WILL GIVE YOU
WORK AT BIG WAGES
24 laborers, fare 50c, no experience, $60
........HAY AND HARVEST HELP ■•
4 hay balers, you can make big money. 13c
i ton; 49 men for hay and harvest fields, $2 50,
' $2. ,$1 50 and $1 25 day for, all parts of Cali-
. . .V FARMS', ' ORCHARDS,' v'INEY ARDS . . . .
! .... FARMS, ORCHARDS. VINEYARDS ....
129 men for different farms, orchards and
vineyards in California, $30, $26, $25 and $30
, and found; also fruit pickers
..FACTORY AND MANUFACTURING CO. .
Wants 18 laborers, no experience. $175 day
and $26 and found ■■•"■•;;
5 CARPENTERS GOVERNMENT WORK.
$3 day, 8 hours, steady' Job .FREE FARE
12 laborers. Government work, S hours
TO 12 DIFFERENT MINES ...
73 laborers (no experience required), $2 40, $
$1 So day and $60, $50, $40, $30 and found....
Also 4 gold miners, $75. ...10 coal miners....
Oregon
......BLACKSMITHS .... MACHINISTS......
9 blacksmiths, also helpers, horseshoers, . $2 jp,
$2 day, $50. $40. $35, $30 and found
STEEL BRIDGE HELP
, 6 shop men experienced on steel bridge and
I structural work, steady Job, going wages....
........FOREMEN AND STABLEMEN
! 2 foremen for gangs of laborers, see boss here
. 3 stablemen and buggy washers. .s3s and found
..MILKERS. .. CHOREMEN AND 80Y5....
27 milkers, different J0b5.... 530. $25 and found
19 choremen and boys for ranches, $30, $25, i
$20, $15. $10 and found, steady jobs year j
round
5 boys for trades, shops, etc $4 50 to $3 week
3 butter-ma steady job $30 and found
WORK IN SAN FRANCISCO
Driver milk wagon; .driver butcher's wagon;
12 two horse teamsters
$1 75 a day and $26 and found
19 laborers, steady Job
$2 day. $1 75 day and $26 and found [
6 laborers, board home, where. you like. $1 75 j
day ;
MURRAY & READY.
„.'. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FREE* FREES
TO 14 SAWMILLS AND WOODS
55 men engaged They're going Are you?
93 more wanted, no experience required, any-
body will suit That means you
65 different classes of — Common labor-
ers, men to handle lumber, head donkeymen.
spool tenders, crosscut sawyers, bark peel-
ers, men to wheel sawdust, tree fellers, etc.:
wages $90, $80, $65. $60, $50. $45. $40, $35 and
$30 per month and found: come and see us —
MURRAY _ READY.
*. .634-636 Clay st.
FREE..... FREE : FREE
Daily we ship to every railroad in California
Drillers, teamsters, laborers, section hands,
headermen, hammersrnen. etc.; wages \
FROM $3 DAY COME AND SEE
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St..
FOR A CALIFORNIA BANK...:
6 teamsters, 4 horses, fare $1 40.. 534 and found
10 laborers, no experience, fare $140
$27 60 and found I
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay St.
ARE YOU MARRIED?.. LOO X HERE i
Man as porter, wife as waitress, country ho-
tel $40 and found I
Cook and wife for a crowd of laborers, free |
fare $30 and found
M.in as cook, wife as chambermaid, country.. :
$40 and found j
■ Gardener and wife, easy, steady, good .j0b.... |
.■ $35 and found
Milker and wife Also Farmer and wife
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
27 cooks, first, second and third hands, for
hotels, restaurants, mines, camps, boarding-
houses ranches, etc
:.... $50, $55, $40, $35, $30 and found
IS waiters, also head waiter
.■ $30, $25. $20 and found
29 dishwashers. $30. $25, $20, $15 and found....
MURRAY _• READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS PORTERS BUTCHERS i
12 bakers and helpers i
$40, $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
5 butchers, good jobs $50. $3.">, $25 and found
PORTERS. LAUNDRYMEN, HALLBOYS.
* ETC. MURRAY A.- READY, 634-636 Clay st.
NO OFFICE FEE.
50 MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST R. ROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 to $2 50 tier day.
C R. HANSEN & CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 Geary st.
, = i
HEAD and second cooks and dishwasher for •
small summer resort, $100; broiler, $50: second
cook. $50; fry cook. $40; restaurant butcher,
$"0; hotel butcher, $35; dishwasher, summer
resort, $25; night scrubber, $20; potwasher,
$20; for same springs; washers. vegetable
men. potwasliers and kitchen hands. $20 to
$25; head waiter, $30; waiter, $25; same coun-
try hotel; waiter, boarding house, country,
$30. I
LAUNDRY HELP !
Washer, $35. and 2 lroners, $35. for Lake Th-
hoe, free fare; marker and distributor, $30; !
polisher. $30; polisher and starcher, }30;
ironer, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
6 COLORED waiters: different country hotels,
$23 and fare advanced. C. R. HANSISN _ !
CO., 104 Geary st.
6 CARPENTERS, country, $2 50 to $3 a day; :
2') laborers, near city, $1 75 a day, board $4 51
a week; blacksmith, country, $2 a day and i
found; 10 farmers, different ranches, $20, J2f>. |
$1 25 a day and $36 per month; gardener,
country, $30! milkers, choremen and others. !
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NO OFFICE FEE
FARE ADVANCED :.
WANTED
60 laboring men, no experience, for a con-
true lon company, $2 a day; board $4 a week;
3 months' Job; ship Tuesday, July 11; call and
engage dally before then , :
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED— Monday morning early. 12 laborers
for a mine. $2 a day, go Tuesday, fare $3.
board 60c a day: 2 carpenters for mine. $3 a i
day, fare refunded; 6 quartz miners, $2 50 a
day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 6-8 Sacramento.
AGENTS — $100 weekly and expenses- guaranteed
good men to s^ll Arctic Refrigerating Ma-
chines for cooling refrigerators; guaranteed
75 per cent cheaper than ice; Indestructible,
everlasting; every owner of a refrigerator
buys them, as the saving of Ice in 1 month
more than pays for machine; have over 5000
in use; 1000 testimonials from leading mer-
chants of the United States; greatest monop-
oly ever offered agents; no competition; ex- |
elusive territory assigned good salesmen:
write to-day and secure your territory before
it is taken. ARCTIC REFRIGERATING
CO.. Cincinnati. O.
FOR sale-— A first-class barber shop doing a
fine business in a city of 4000 population in i
California; price less than cost of fixtures;
part cash or will sell on terms to suit buyer.
Address box 4888, Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of Information; sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE, Washington, I), C.
WANTED— 2 good men. Apply at 22 Post st.
from 7:30 to 8:30 p. m., 10th inst.
BOY to work in printing office. JOG Market St.,
upstairs.
SHOEMAKER wanted; steady work; good pay.
S. J. GRAY. 115 So. Second St.. San Jose.
WANT a strong boy to work In blacksmith
shop. Apply at 228 Fremont st .
EXPERIENCED thing cutter on ready-made
goods; steady work. 20 Sansome st.
BARBER wanted to reopen an old-established ;
shop; fine opportunity. Box 4861, Call office.
GOOD strong boy to help In a factory; living
home; references. Address box 4859, Call.
SOLICITORS at the "California Clothing Ren- i
oratory, 116 Geary St.
PRESSER at th« California Clothing Renova-
tory, 11,6 Geary st.
MAN who plays piano can have room free in
exchange lor entertainment. Box 4SSS, Call.
TEN ladies, 10 gentlemen canvassers for New
Life Stomach Tonic; grand inducement for
well-dressed conversationalists. 2 to 3 p. m
41 Hardy St. *
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska and New
York. W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504 and 506
Davis st.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher at .once. 315
Grant aye. • /
WANTED— pressers. Apply S. N. WOOD
6 CO., cor. Powell and Eddy sts.
MAN to work half a day for board and lodg-
ing. '2759 Mission st.
MAN with some experience to drive laundry ■
wagon. Box 3024. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— 2 boys to- learn upholstering. Ap-
ply Seventeenth and Folsorn sts.
WANTED— SO first-class carpenters, wages $3 1
per day, 3 months' job; board, $4 50 per week;
a man with a box of carpenters' tools and a
copy of this advertisement will be passed to
job by presenting same to tug Vigilant, pier |
7, on the 7:30 a. m. trip to Goat Island I
CAMPBELL &PETTUS.
EXPERIENCED cappers pnd leak menders
wanted for country cannery. Apply immedi- i
ately, 123 California St., room 14.
MEN wanted, everywhere to distribute samples I
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco, Cal.
AN American boy to work in office and store;
one with some knowledge of ofili-e work pre-
ferred. Address in own handwriting, stating I
age, etc. Box 4876. Call. \ ■ I
WANTED— A good Job printer on the U. S. i
flagship Philadelphia. Apply on the Phila-
delphia, Navy Yard, Mare Island.
MAN and wife for farmwork. 1C21& Market st. J
HELP WASTED —
BOY wanted to work in large cigar factory;
one who has had experience preferred. Ad-
dress box 4875, Call office.
WANTED— Two first-class blacksmith helpers
or finishers. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS,
Sacramento. Cal.
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co., Ltd., Brannan St., between Third and
Fourth.
WEAVERS — fancy weavers. San Jose Woolen
Mills, 523 Market St., bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
ELLIS, 321 (Rose-ale House)— rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables, Fourteenth and
Guerrero Sts.. San Francisco, or on work at
Sunol. ij ■
WANTEDr-One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wa««s $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $150: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
I MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
I after 3 weeks; call or write for free Illus-
trated catalogue. MOLER'S Barber College,
635 Clay st —
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st. ' v
I WANTED— to drive scrapers; wages
' $1 75 and $2; board. $4 60 per week. ■ Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Roach .
GET your shoes half soled while waiting, 35c to
60c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per .week. .
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IS men to find clean, central, cheap
rms.. 25c. 50c night: hkpg.. $1 25 up. 88 3d st.
WANTED— Men can learn the barber trade for
$3 at 1542 Market Et. ________
i 2<X> SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read, rm.
i MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 13SM, Eighth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
: SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 563>4 Market st.
j TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
i WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
i clerk?. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms,' 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to nnd from th" ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
j WANTED— A good rustler in every county to
have exclusive sale of our celebrated flavor- '<
ing powders; three times as strong as liquid
extract: big- profit; sells in every house; 25c
for sample Jar, postpaid. Consolidated Fla-
voring Co., 457 Ninth st., Oakland, Cal.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
! appoint agents; salary $75 month, expenses;
I rapid advancement; unusually brilliant oppor-
i tunity. Address, with reference, BUTLER &
ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
MURAT HALSTEAD'S life of Admiral TVwey
has arrived: agents wanted. THE J. DEW-
ING CO., Flood building.
4 GOOD male or female solicitors. Room 63.
Flood building Sunday, 3:30 to 4:30; Mon-
day, 12 to 1.
WANTED— Live agents to sell th» map of Ire-
land. Call 85214 Harrison st., San Francisco.
SELL Macic Heel Protectors, sample 10c: also
Leather Luster, sam. 25c. BROWN. 332 Bush.
I ■ - . —
I ROOMS ' 'WANTED.
WANTED -Z or 3 partly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms north of Market St., near Sixth.
I.. X >->T". Call office.
ROOMS AM) HOARD WANTED.
2 OR 3 sunny front unfurnished rooms; north of
I Market: business location: $10 to .<I2: 234 .4 6th.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
1 with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. • j
WANTED horse, buggy and harness at 923
' Natoma ft., near Eleventh.
ROLLER top desk: second-hand; must be fine.
. Box 1656. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader: also medical clairvoyant;' treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet. ;
Post and Geary: sittings, $1; diagnosis free. ■
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist; sat-
isfaction or no pay; readings 25c this week.
234',i Sixth Bt. • v ;.:■■!.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium; tells your
life from cradle to grave; 50c, $1 up. 106 Tay-
lor St.. parlors 3-5.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.
Mon.. 8; 23c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J. B. DWYER. the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately, either in person
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and is master j
of the power by which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those in whom j
you are rested; satisfaction guaranteed by j
mall, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladles, EOc; gents. $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
I WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman, from
New York; Fclentltic palmistry, astrologfst;
readings, 50c and $1. 513 Tenth st., Oakland.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth et., room 12.
MISS A. 1. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; .satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours.
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Lark In St., room 6.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or nd pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
! advice; names given: Csc up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
M.ME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news ror 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pares, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per v*»r.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.; reading' by mall. $1.
YOUR fate is in your hand: children half price.
MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market st.. room 29.
A— MME. BITSHNELL, the famous palmist. 916 I
Bush St., between Taylor and Jones. ;",-■:'
LOST.
LOST— Last night (Saturday), purse and box
containing money and rings, bet. Post and |
Cough and O'Farrell and Polk sts. A liberal ;
reward if returned to MRS. LAFFERTY, 111 i
' Fourteenth st.
LOST — Purse; letters M. C. : on New Montgom-
ery; containing jewelry and money.. Finder
will receive reward by returning to MRS. D.
A. RICHARDSON, 773 Eighteenth, Oakland.
$20 REWARD for return of violin lost on Lar-
i ' kin st. on June 2&. Return to grocery corner
; Jones and Turk sts. ; nd questions asked.
LOST— Saturday afternoon: fur boa, on Fill- j
more St., nr. Hayes. Return 601 Steiner; re-
ward. -
LQ.ST— Yellowish Spitz dog. Return to' 214 Oc-
tavia st. and receive reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San .Francisco, In the
name of ANDRO JOHNSON or JANE JOHN-
SON, No. 13T-462. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
LOST— Certificate of Deposit No. 62,033 of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
dated 2d June. 1899. for $250. in favor of C.
F. Houghton. Payment of same has been
■ Stopped and all persons are warned against
negotiating such certificate; reward. Box
4914. Call office. .
LOST, strayed or stolen— l white horse and
1 buggy, red running gear, dark blue body. Re-
; turn to Ml Broadway and. receive reward. ..
DIAMOND bracelet. Handsome reward if re-
turned to 718 Treat aye.. near Twentieth st.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BA_ A tuX^oT^aT~Btrrd^slgnsV_uuits&
J adjusts accounts for corporations _ firms, ref.
. ■ ■ ■ . . :' •■■.*•
PERSONALS.
HENRY— give address; Maud sick.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica makes the hair glossy,
removes dandruff, cleanses the scalp; 3.V hot ;
Foarno shampoo, 5c package. LEDERER, 123
Stockton st.
THERE is only one Lederer; his artistic, up-
to-date halrdresslng costs only 25c; Lederer' a
Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg. ; switches, $1 up;
longest hair rolls; 30c. G. LEDERER. 123
Stockton st.
WHIST and poker club now organizing for
ladies arid gentlemen; references exchanged.
Box 4562. Call.
1 HAVE found a positive cure for drunkenness:
can be given secretly: will gladly tell you
what it is; don't send money. MRS. MAY
HAWKINS, lock box F. X. 131. Grand Rap-
ids, Mich.
$1 50—1000 CARDS, statements, bill or note
heads; catalogue printing. BUSTS Printing
House, 511 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1836.
HEALTHY. German wetnurse wanted to travel.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
FAT is fatal t.i beauty and health; we reduce
quickly and safely. An-T.-Phat Co.. Chicago.
LADIES-Big cut in prices; $6 Ypsilantl union
suits, $3; equestrian tights, 25c. OBER b, 34
Geary St. ___^ •'
LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
•wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
JOHN L. BOONS, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, ami Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
■ Send for Circular. ■ Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton st., near Broadway.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St., will selj you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. <'REELT'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye. ;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife: no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordln.sl4 Pine. ab.Krny.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Fclsoni st
LADIES' tailor-made suits: $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. 1814 Market st.: open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TANI. 313 Sutter St.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrcll. bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1
post page paid. _^
DRESSMAKERS.
SS7 GEARY Dresses made. $3 up: dresses
made over; perfect fit: organdies and lawns.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
i cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the ]
. same as if purchased for all cash; bargains j
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some (food pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutt*r '
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. . |
ABSOLUTELY the oldest nnd largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades j
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
j customer.
HALVES BROS.. Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand, $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
i A MAGNIFICENT $550 piano, used short time,
is offered this week at a nominal figure; high
I grnde. Room 12. Flood building.
I 2 PIANOS, uprights, must be sold this we»-k,
i S5O and $60; great bargains. 1131% Mission st. i
OUR specialty is renting pianos, organs, $1.
SCOTT, CURTAZ.. s*o Hayes st.
AT $127: Steinway upright left by party going
East. 13C Ellis i>t.
i A— sB3: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
: CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on i
sal cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
R. A. DANIELS is now With BYRON !
MAU7/Y. SOS to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $B9 up; installments. $5 75 up: |
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis. ]
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308 j
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
; Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
I BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMIT2, 18
McAllister St.. next Hibernla" Bank. I
I KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. .KOH- t
LER * CHASE. 30 OFarrell St. j
j SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. J
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
FOR sale A good young horse at 414 Natoma
street.
FOR sale — Horse, 5 years old; very gentle: '
good roadster; buggy and harness, 4450 I
Eighteenth St., corner Douglass.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
•SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
) and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, sue-
I cessors .KUlip & Co.: salesyard, 1732 Market.
FOR sale — $50; dark bay horse; 7 years: 16
hands: 1100 pounds; good roadster. 1715 Sac-
ramento st. :'■••."
WANTED— Horse for milk wagon. 214 Elm
aye. JEWETT BROS.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses."" DAL-
ZIEL, veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
I CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly !
Call, 16 cases, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1. •
T>n«triß-» paid. ■
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
ALL kinds of wagons, butrgies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wag-ins, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1110 Folsom st.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, Fold; I
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 4."..
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
pairing at lowest rates. .20.'. Fourth st. ■•. I
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun- j
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of- !
fice furniture and fixtures; new and -second - j
' hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis- I
slop St.. above Sixth. . ;
j BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 106] Mission st. j
i TWO lots in Laurel Hill Cemetery; cheap. P.
, O. box 110, Oakland.
MAN Victor bicycle in good condition for sale I
for ?15. 131 Buchanan st.
AN old master violin, worth ISO, to be sold
now for ?12 50. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant
' »v» _ " ■'
THOROUGHBRED Scotch coli)e pups for sale;
good stock; pedigree given. 526 Liberty St.,
near Castro.
CAMP wagon for sale or rent. Apply Monday
at IS Hayes st.
I-'OR sale cheap, a fine Jersey cow; a!*'.> n 3
months old calf. 104 Congdon St., cor .rum-
' bull st., nr. Mission road.
NEWFOUNDLAND. St. Bernard and Gordon
setters, nisi Scotch, fox, nkye bull and bull
terrier pups, at 236 Montgomery aye.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; almost new; oak !
finish; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
TWO fresh cows, 1 Jersey and 1 Durham; I
good milkers; gentle. 1312 Folsom st. j ,
BOILERS, engines, ■ lathes, Inner, band saw,
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE.. 139 Beale.
I CAMERAS and photo supplies— full line ;
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant; 2d hand: complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE. 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
DRESS pants. $2 95; fine suits. $9 95. MisntCloth-
[ Ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu- i
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SAFES— sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
Eiz-?e; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
i &*!<ir^2 .■-.•■■ ■ *
BUSINESS CHANCES.
DELICACY store; great ' bargain; cause of
sale, sickness; central. COWING. 595 Market.
* a— BUTCHER shop; centrally located; fine cash
; " business; must fell. COWING & CO., 995 Mkt.
1 SALOON, near Market, must sell this week;
bargain. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
' $500— CANDY store; fine location: doing good
1 business; parties going to Europe and will
I make sacrifice. JONES & CO., 865 Market at.
$150— PARTNER wanted in light business; $15
I to $2.". a week: trial given: no experience re-
quired. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary s t.
. A LIST of fine paying grocery stores, branch
bakeries, restaurants, coffee parlors, merchan-
I dlse stores, city and country hotels. lodginz
houses, Bold and ex. EITEL. IOOSVi Market St.
ART saloon for sale; or will let saloon as it
Stands without the Jap statue for six m. r.the
► or over; or will take partner on reasonable
; terms if t-urae be suitable to present manage-
ment; sickness necessitates departure; no
communications answered.
COUNTRY dally and weekly newspapers and
Job printing plants for sale; cash and easy
> terms propositions: have some very deslrahfe
1 business chances. W. F. CORNELL & c<">
- Printers' Exchange, 518 Sacramento St., sf F*.
- FOR — Coffee, tea, crockery and notion
- store for sale; must be sold soon as possible-
cause sickness: a very good chance; stand 14
[■ years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harris st.
1 A CIGAR stand, doinc good business of $30
daily: will Bell at invoice, amount v,
[■ about $2500; sickness only reason for selling
this desirably located store. 921 Market st.
" CLOTHING, boot and shoe and furnishing
goods business in thrifty condition; 50 miles
from San Francisco: fine climate and good
J business point. Box 4565, Call office.
■ $1000— WANTED, a good reliable salesman to
buy one-third interest in paying business;
good salary; steady work: worth investlgat-
| ing. Address box ■,■", Call office.
; AN offer wanted to-day for a first-class sa-
loon and cisi stand on Market st.. opposite
; I Seventh. Apply on premises, 1342 Market st.,
or at room 10. 1 Fifth st.
j FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
. I pork-packing business for sale in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office.
: WELL doing commercial lunch and bar;
' connected with restaurant: best location;
particulars In cigar store, SO5 Market nr. 6th.
FOR — Cheap; small grocery and bar; es-
- tabllshed 18 years; retiring frum business Ap-
ply 71 Minna st. "
- MILK route tor sale; 22 cans p°r day; wagon
i ! and 2 horses. Call branch office. 106 Eleventh.
- $300 FOR l year; threefold security: references;
living interests; no agent Box 1564. Call.
- HAIRDRESSING store; sood stock ! and i fls-
tures; must Bell; sickness. Box 4391, Call:
- $I.'— STORE, with use of fixture? : good for
, dressmaker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
- ACTIVE man can secure interest in good busi-
t 'ness; references. Box 4857, Call office.
[ CIGAR store for sale cheap; half block from
• Baldwin Hotel. Inquire 9 Eddy st.
; SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
; FOR sale or trade— Paying shoe shop; good
j prices; low rent. 332 Bush st.
' I ?>>C'OO BUYS downtown property; monthly rental
$79. Address box 4550. Call office.
\ FOR sale solely on account of domestic diffi-
| culties, an Incorporated and manufacturing
i I business; stock and tools will inventory over
: |4C00; business has been established over 4
' years; under ordinary conditions will net
I I from $200 to $300 per month: advertiser will
accept less than one-half of inventory cost
'. ! to effect speedy sale If consummated before
i I July 11. Principals only will apply at 547 Mis-
sion St., room 8, between 3 and 5 p. m.
I I MILK route: an established trade in Alameda;
clearing over $70 per month: for sale, !47.~>;
i this business will stand a thorough investiga-
, tion. P. O. box 1024, Alameda, Cal.
' TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale on account
: of sickness; cheap rent; 2 living rooms. 509
Seventh st.
1 $T~5O— 1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
' statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 511 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1836.
1 RESTAURANT for sale cheap. 202 Ninth st.
' SALOON with good business in good location.
Inquire 729 Montgomery St.. room 9.
' I FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. WielanJ
Brewery, Seccnd and Folsom sts.
; FOR SALE— 5 years' lease, grocery and
' bar. Post and Devlsadero sts.
' BUCHANAN. 901— Large store, with brick base-
ment, suitable for grocery or liquors.
RESTAURANT— Must be sold in 10 days; owner
leaving the city. Apply Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED upholstering business;
bargain. 644 Geary, between Jones and Lea-
i venworth. ■
| RESTAURANT for sale; old established stand:
, j on Mission St., 606; will sell at a bargain.
' MEAT market: well located: doing entire cash
: business. Inquire 510 Castro for particulars.
! GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland: no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento St.
' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
. i 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year,
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
15-ROOM house on Fourth St., only $27."; S
rooms, new furniture, only $100 cash, balance
<:. per month, $200; IS rooms, near The Call
office $300; 15-room house on Howard st. {600
22- room; new; cost $4500. Jl- 1
1 24 rooms on Geary st 62.>
26 rooms: corner house SoO
I! 14 rooms on O'Farrell st 3."0
; l'-room house; large yard; downtown 401
IS rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange tor large house 6 (1 0
54-room house: clears $300 1600
\ 11. C. DECKER; 1020 Market st.. opp sth.
' 31-ROOM; fine location; offer wanted: don't
fail to >-■- this bargain. DECKER. 1020 Mkt.
' 1' ROOMS: Post st.: $150 cash $375
18 rooms: S23Q cash; interest 1' 3 per cent.. 650
§8 rooms; cheap rent: only 500
; MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
. WINSTON ft CO.: 1026 MARKET ST.
A— l2-ROOM house; north of Market st. ; rent
$40; clearing $50 per month. R. G. WILKIE,
906 Market st. '
14 ROOMS; established 10 years: fullest inves-
tigation. LARSEN, 318 Bush St.
i POLK, 15— For sale, cheap, furniture 17 rooms;
must be sold this week. _______
NICE sunny house of 11 rms. for sale cheap;
call for one .week. 233 Third st.. nr. Howard.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, tent to any address in tha
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURNITUR FOB SAMS.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.? 1310 Stockton ■»•
1 4 ROOMS furnished in oak for MS 50 .with No.
7 range. King Furniture 112,-1131 Market. •
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent»=-T h£ Weekly Call.
1G nnges. <n wrapper, for nmll'r.g. « per >ear.
DENTISTS. _^
A^DR~~T a HIGGINS" .Dental Parlors. 927
Market st tver Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered: the best and most
artistic wok at reasonable prices. Pure gold
nlllnV from «l: other fillings, from 50c;
ulates from ?4 £0; flesh colored plates, from
15 "porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(ncr tooth) from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
1 A DISCOUNT of -0 per cent on all plates and
; bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new fleFh-colored piates: thinner and stronger
Than rubber: warranted for 1 ) years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a. plate; flll-
I lnlr« EOc; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5:
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teem
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
}3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. in. to 10 p. m.: Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
M GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O-Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up: painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 989 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: eas given.
VAN. VRO(Sm— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors Fillings, 50c up; crowns.
$3 up: open ev'gs. 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pases. In wrapper, for malllnc $1 ncr year.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; til. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
fum. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311-
-■ * ■ -. . ..CITY REAL 1- STA J^ ~~
3n:^^^ I^gsa__ st.
Corner rear the BaMwfn Hotel sit-; improve-
ir.ents and lot 25x60.
■ $22,000.
Ts,wir,e« nrnnertv on Howard st-. running
nrough*to Tehama 6 stores nnd 3 fiats; 53:4 x
f_?2 fVonta™half of lot unimproved; present
i,:,;,; $140 perimonth: water $8 55; could be
doubled If lot were fully lilt on.
$17,600.
Downtown business property; 2 stores and ■
roominsi house; rents $1350 per annum; 44:2 x
5?:6; substantial building.
$15,500.
Price greatly reduced: 2 Stores and 4 flats;
always rented: improvements only about 7
years old; cost $15,000; rents $1088 per annum; |
35x122:6.
$13,000.
Corner on Davis st. . improvements renting
for $10S0 per annum; lot 24x75.
$10,500.
Corner on Fillmore St.; Improvements sub-
Ftantial In ptore md several flats; rents $900 i
per annum; 27:6x51:3. !
$«500.
-r.-, close an estate: improvements and lot
"; rents $660 per annum.
$14,500.
Four elegant modern flats; rent $1320 per an-
num; McAllister St.; 50x100.
$12,500.
P.ents $1230 per annum: 2 flats of 5 rooms and
!-:<rh e a ?h: 2 houses of 6 rooms and bath each;
55x137:6; Western Addition; good location.
$ r 'ooo.
Rents $564 per annum; 4 substantial nearly
rew flats on Webster st.: lot 33x82:6.
$6750.
Price st.: 3 elegant new modern flats; rents
$57 50 per month; 25x95.
$4Co<>.
Fell st. and Linden aye.; a very' cheap buy;
6 flats; rent $672 per annum; 27:6x120 to rear
street.
$4000.
Leavenworth-st. Investment; rents $420 per
annum: 2 substantial flats of 5 and 4 rooms
and bath each; brick foundation, etc., and lot.
M3OV I
Rents $216 per annum; a big bargain: house
In 3 tenements and lot: n°ar Clay and Mason
streets.
SVIOO.
Golden Gate aye.; 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of $ rooms and bath, etc.; 25x110.
$360 i).
Ge.iry ft : 2-story ! window residence of
7 rooms and bath and lot; mortgage $2000 can
remain.
$2600.
To close an estate; rents $2 4 per annum; 2-
Ft'iy bay-window residence and lot 26x96; busf-
n A< rf ' location; should be converted into store
and flat.
$.1750. I
Pine st.: ft bargain: very cozy bay-window
cottage of 5 rooms and bath: brick foundation,
et.-. ; street accepted by the city; large lot 27x
$1300.
Very cheap; no reasonable offer refused: very
cozy bay-window cottage of 4 rooms and bath, |
etc; near Castro and Mission street cars.
JI4IXI.
Ruslness corner lot, SS:Sx7I, Irregular; on
Guerrero st. or San Jose aye.
$SOO EACH
An,l upward; Richmond lots; Tenth aye., C and !
I> sts.-; r.'i.iacent to the Park; 25x120; on install- ;
ments; $06 cash, $10 per month; Interest 7 per
cmt.
$1250 EACH.
Noe. Henry and Fourteenth sts., 1 block from 1
Market; Henry st. accepted by the city; Four-
teenth st. macadamized and sewered; on grade i
ami ready for building; offered at a very low
price, and being so nicely located are selling
rapidly.
$12:0
And upward: we are offering the lots at Waller
nn>l Steiner sts. of the German Savings and
Loan Society: street work done complete; lots
nil ready to build on; terms U cash, balance at ,
7 per cent; only a few left.
Call and obtain one of rur "Real Estate Rec- j
ords," whirh contains a list if properties for !
Fa?e in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., j
14 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine «>t., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$31.000 — The best-paying property in the city; '
a most centrally located corner; large lot; stores
an.i flats; rental paying 10 per cent on the in- i
vestment.
J4>n--A 2-f.at house of 5 rooms and bath each ;
flat: lot 25x125; half a block from Market st.
?2500— Cozy house and stable: Chattanooga st..
rear Twenty-fourth.
$25.000 — A very substantially built 3-story bay- i
window house. "on Larkin st., a -ew doors south j
of Geary; 2 stores, with 3 rooms each, 22 rooms
and bath upstairs and 4 fiats of 4 rooms each
In house in the rear; lot I ■ 1137:8; rent $!>>*.
$5000 — Rent $55; 3 houses on Harriet st., near j
Folsom; lot E'-'x7s.
' $2500 — Rents $32; Clement St.. Richmond; 4 \
flats. 4 rooms each.
$41500— Seventeenth St.. near Foleom; lot 24x '
100. with old improvements.
_400 each— 2 double flats of 9 rooms each, near
the corner of Sixth and Bryant sts. : rent $25 ea.
}=,im.'C — Fo!.«om St., near Fifth: idee double flat,
6 and 4 rooms an.l bath; rent $32.
Several fine properties on McAllister St.
S7.""O— A big bargain; only 2 blocks from
the City Hall, on a coming business street, in- !
Eii'.o Van Ness aye.; good house, 10 rooms; lot j
27:6x120.
$10, (v>o— Three excellent 2-story bay-window
houses on Haight St., 3 blocks from Market;
lot .".'xlo7:fi: rent $75.
$2r,,f.i;o— Rent $160; a prominent northwest cor-
ner, 65x300 feet; improvements of 3 stores and 3
flat* above and 2 cottages, all rented; there is
a fortune in this property.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO., Real Estate
Agents. 13 Montgomery st.
$*ioo— Flats near Golden late Park; nearly
new ; rent^ $55.
S5"OO— G fiats near McAlllster-st. cars; rento
$4; good building; 25x137:6.
SliiO— Level lot near Mission High School;
want an offer.
$3500 — Rents ?36 50: sold to close an. estate; ,
mako offer; lot 30 feet front.
$130 per front foot— Van Ness aye.; any size
front; street work done.
$1250— Cheap lot near Golden Gate Park and ■■
Affiliated Colleges; 25x137:6.
$3000—2 flats near Nineteenth and Valencia
Fts. ; want an offer; must be sold.
$4100— Clayton st., near electric road; 2 flats, j
4 and 5 rooms anrl Lath.
$I(oo— Bryp.nt-st. corner, near Mall dock and
Santa Xc dock: rents $20.
COFFEY, HUGHES A: CO.. in Montgomery.
FOR BALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
$9750— Scott St., near Washington, facing |
Park; s rooms. i
-*ll,f' f -0— California St.. near Webster, north i
side; 12 ■ ms; finished handsomely.
JC.OO— Jackson . St., near Devisadero. north
side; 9 rooms; modern and sunny.
$16,500— Leavenworth. near California; 3 '
houses renting $135 per month; easy terms.
$6000— New flats, Frederick, near Clayton an ,] ;
the park: rents $50: easy terms. ,
SieO' 1 — Cole, near Haight and the park; new
house. '• rooms; tiling, mirrors, etc; easy terms
• JiSOO— Cole St.. near Haight: new house; S
rooms; latent improvements.
Howard, near Eighteenth, S rooms and
bath- reduced from liaCO; a bargain.
$6SOC— SW. corner VaHejo and Pierce sts.; 45x
112; ?h»ltered and warm.
Also numerous other residences. investments :
and l<ls. HAWKS A SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st. ]
TO BE HAD
for your rent money. Cottage of 4 rooms and
bath, desirably situated on Hoffman aye.,
near Twenty-second St., in the ■ Heyman
' tract: the agent .it our branch office on the
tract will be pleased to show it to you.
JACOB HEYMAN 8 SON, 19 Montgomery st.
FOR A RENTER—
a man who has been paying rent month after
month, year after year. It is hard to realize .
that Instead 61 owning a bundle of rent re-
ceipts in return for his hard earned money
he could have a home of his own; for $10 ;
monthly we can make you the owner of a j
brand new 3-rnom cottage, situated near
H-.lly Park, and within two blocks of the
Mission-street car line; the cottage is up-to-
date in every respect; II i.-. a rare opportuni- \
ty to acquire a neat and comfortable home
lor your rent money.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON. owners and
builders, 1!) Montgomery street.
HEALTH RESORT of Ban Francisco
We ar» prerared to sell lots and build novel
cottages on easy terms, at the Ocean boule-
vard. Hun.set Valley; we will also rent cars
to families or ■■lubs; our lots are beautifully
located, one block from the cars and the
boulevard, with a superb view of the ocean. :
JACOB HEYMAN X- SON, owners and build-
ers, 19 Montgomery street.
A— $100; LOTS near music stand, south side of.
Golden Gnte. Park.
; JACOB HEYMANJ 19 Montgomery st.
•A-$75; LOTS 100x115, in the Abbey Homestead, i
near-; Sar, Mated electric cars; good for
chicken ranches
5 JACOB iHEYMAN & SON. 19 Montgomery st.
A^ACRIFICEj J1750T 2 flats. 9 moms; hard
Arm n autlful vlew; no "Bents. 4053
IV your property is mortgaged and you need
gmore money, eee : H.j MURFH V;* 630 Market st.
IF y>u have i,,t s north of Golden Gate Park
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery.
CITY lIEAI-, ESTATE.
A .S*Ig. ST ANTIAL INVESTMENT.
$13.K0— Within 1 block of Geary and Larkin
sts.: 3 fine houses, all rented; pays 7 per cent
net; lot 50 feet front.
PAYS OVER 14 PER CENT.
JSOOO— Rent $1150 per annum; fine Investment
j south of Market St., within a short walk of
Mission and Third Ets.; 3-story building, 3
stores and flnts; lot 40x75.
A RESIDENCE OVERLOOKING THE PARK.
$6000— Lyon St., near Oak; modern residence,
10 fooms an 1 bath;, hot-air furnace, etc.
$4100— Rent $57; Clementina st.. near Second;
prick building; also frame building; lot 50x75;
; btKf?i*t kind of bargain.
$8600 Post st., near Polk; 2-story residence of
10 rooms, bath, etc.; all in splendid repair; lot
$2500- Great bargain; Twenty-first St., within
a tew feet of Valencia; good cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; could be changed into flats at small
expense; land alone worth the money; $2000
mortgage an remain.
$6500— Ash bury st., near Fell; 2 handsome flats
! within a stone's throw of the park; contain 6
and 7 rooms and all conveniences; rent $&o; lot
sixlot>:3.
$8000 Offer wanted; splendid residence on
Clay St., near Pierce; contains. S rooms, base-
ment, etc. ; lot 25x100°.
A PICK-UP.
$5150- Broderick Ft., near Sutter; 2-story resi-
d ence of 10 rooms and bath; also stable; extra
large lot, 50x90; room tor another building. .
A MODERN RESIDENCE.
$6500— Washington st., near Broderick; con-
! tains 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x127:8; mortgage
of $2500 can remain.
JiiOO— Rent $42; Bryant St.. near Second: 2
flats. 6 rooms and bath each; also rear house;
: lot 25x90.
Guerrero St.. near Twenty-second; rent
$37: 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms each; best residence
location in the Mission.
FLATS IN RICHMOND.
$2000— Eleventh aye.. near Point Lobos; 2-
' story bay-window house, 2 flats; rent $17; lot
25x120; mortgage of $1600 can remain.
$2500— Leavenworth St., near Broadway; 2-
story house of 7 rooms: rent $IS.
I $21,00*1— A splendid investment; Golden Gate
aye., corner of prominent street: large lot, 40x
i improvements consist of flats and 2 stores;
rent • 177 50.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$27 OiVt— Rents $4750 per annum; a fine 3-story
brick building on Washington St., between Du-
pont and Stockton; 3 stores and lodging-house
above; all rented; mortgage of $14,000 can
$7200— Large corner lot on California st. ; rent
$66; 4 new flats; lot 32:7x57:6; Improvements
i modern and good *.*****.
$3000— Bryant st., between Ninth and Tenth;
2 fiats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent
$22 50: lot 25x85.
$24 MO— Rent $2175 per annum; a fine Invest-
ment on Eddy st.; a prominent corner, substan-
J tially Improved; lot 62:6x100; mortgage of $oou
car/remain. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 M n tgi merj st.
CHEAP FLATS AT the MISSION.
$3250 Rent $348 per year; Clinton Park, near
Fourteenth and Guerrero sts . hay-window Hats.
5 rooms each. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A GOOD BUSINESS LOT yE^ , . H; . A,/
$3500 West side Mission St., between Twen-
ty-fourth and Twenty-fifth; size 30:9x117:6.
BALDWIN _ H< (WELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOMESIX SUNSET DISTRICT.
; $24iKi— Easy terms; new. modern cottage of a
rooms and bath, within I block of the park; all
• the litest conveniences; lot 25xl"O; street work
1 done. . , .
$2600— New window cottage, containing .-
rooms and bath; lot 25x120; on Ninth aye.:
street work done: complete in every respect;
easy terms.
$25riO— Large corner lot, 55x120. with brand-
new cottage of 5 rooms: street work done; all
modern conveniences: splendid view.
$450 each- Choice building lots on Ninth aye.,
'■ near N St.; 25x12 each; easy terms.
To Bee above properties call at our branch of-
fice corner H st. and Ninth aye. Our agent has
key etc. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
80x46:8 cor. Post and Stockton; 80 on
Post by 46:8 on Stockton; properly improved
will rent for $1500 per month.
Montgomery aye.. through to Washington St.:
brick improvements; rents $190. .
37:6x55— Mason St.. near Post: 2-story double
1 house?: rents $57 50; $12,000.
57x137:6— Pine st., near Larkin; old improve-
ments: $10,500.
50xS0— Corner Mason and Lombard; 2-story
house; 2 flats and stable; rents $98; $10,000.
38:9x137:9— Union st.. near Dupont; 2-story
brick building; rents $66 50; $s.W.
20x68:9 to rear street; Union, near Dupont;
3 front and 3 rear flats; rents *64 50; $8000.
20xS0— Fourth St.. near Harrison; store and
flat; $6800; sale urgent.
I 61x117 6 modern flats: rents $110; sunny.
49 :6x95— Corner Second st. and North Park
I lane; 12-room house; $7000
i 137:6— Cor. Jackson and Ad»le place, bet.
' Stockton and Powell; old Impts; $6500.
46x50— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
houses: rents $54: $6250.
112:6x37:6x87:6— C0r. Kearny and Greenwich;
10 two-story bouses; rents $80; $6000.
25x100 Pacific aye., near Polk; 2 flats and i
rear house; rents $45; $5250.
45x98:6— Greenwich, near Powell: residence. 10
rooms: $3000.
22x68:9— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath; $4500.
24.3x69:9 -Green St.. near Powell; new mod- ■■
! crn bay-window flats: rents $38: $4500.
40x137:6— Chestnut St., near Stockton; 4 flats;
rents $35; $4000.
25x122:6— Shotwell st., near 24th: 2 flats; $3800.
50x90— Lombard St., near Stockton; house of
10 rooms and bath; $4000.
31x122:6— Howard, nr 19th; cottage; rents $16.
70x174:1— San Jose road, near Glen Park;
house of 7 rooms and hath; $3000.
25x75— Shipley St.. near 6th: 6 flats: rents $35.
22:6x120— T0 rear street; Union near Jones; 2
! fiats: rents $24: $2500.
Federal St., near Ist; front and rear
' house; rents $26; $2250.
25x100— Lyon. near Geary: cottage; $2250.
Austin, near Van Ness; cottage; $2000.
25x64— Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $1500.
UNIMPROVED.
25x100— Florida st.. north of ISth; adjoining
Union Brewery: offer wanted.
24xS3:l— Cor. Fillmore and Germania; $2750.
£0x71:10 — SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
26x106— Cor. 22d and Noe sts.; $2208.
37:414x137:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
31 — Cor. Lombard and Buchanan: $1500.
Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25:8x114— 28th, near Dolores; $1000.
260x125— W. cor. Fountain and 25th.
25x137:6— 5. Frederick, west of Cole.
Lota in Abbey and Silver Ter. Hd.
Lots south of Park cheap.
■
—$13, 000—
! Fine residence of 12 rooms on Jackson St.,
1 near Central aye.; lot 29:3x127:5.
—$8000—
Residence of 10 rooms on Clay st., near Wal-
nut; a bargain.
—$2800—.
Four flats of 4 rooms each in Mission; rents
$32 per month; lot 25x100.
— $1500—
Good residence of 7 rooms on Steiner St., near
O'Farrell; lot 22:6x137:6.
—$2500—
Two good flats of 4 and 5 rooms, near Six-
teenth and Howard sts.; a bargain.
—$115 PER FRONT FOOT—
Lots on north side Of Green st. . near Van
Ness live.; any size frontage; 205 feet deep.
—A CHEAP LOT—
On Seventh eve., near the park; 23x120; price
only $450; lot is all ready to build on.
-COLLEGE HEIGHTS
Very fine lots, with fine view of the city, $800
to $1100.
Send for list of
MARINE VIEW LOTS IN
PRESIDIO AND PACIFIC HEIGHTS DIS-
TRICTS.
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery st. ! San Francisco.
! $3750— 5600 CASH, balance monthly; large cor-
ner on Dolores st.; new residence of 7 rooms
and bath; cost owner $4500; must be sold.
$4750 — $500 «'ASH. balance monthly: reasonable I
; Interest; can have option of paying any sum :
above amount agreed upon. as this Is not a :
building and loan proposition; new residence j
of 8 modern rooms and bath, electric and gas '■
i lighting; furnace heat throughout; large lot;
j grand view. Apply 232 Liberty St., near
Dolores. ;
$2500— a SNAP; Oak st., near Shrader, facing
the park.
$£00— York St.: dirt cheap.
$450— Sixteenth aye., near D st. ; must be sold.
$250— Cost $400; Paris st., near Persia; 2 blocks :
; from cars.
Call for list of houses and flats.
McEWEN BROS., 622 Stanyan st. and 118
Montgomery. . I
$1300— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 27:6x100; furni- !
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. 229 Dia-
in, nd St.. bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth. j
$12 50 A MONTH for a new 4 room and bath •
cottage, and lot 1'.,«)>1-.-ks from Mission and
Twenty-ninth sts. OSCAR HEVMAN, 14 Post, j
$15 A MONTH— OnIy 100 feet from Mission and i
Twenty-nlnth-st. cars: 6- room cottage, with ,'
barns and driveway. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 !
Post st: '
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st. !
Valencia^, lots: any size;. $135 per front ;
foot; fronting on 2 streets. , .
Twenty-third st., corner San Jose aye, with j
Improvements, 15500.
Second and Silver sts; corner, with Improve- j
ments. $6700. ;
FOR RALE— A bargain: two modern flats, 6 :
and 7 rooms, basement partly finished, large
stable. 2229 and 2231 Fifteenth st., between
Noe and Castro. ; owner lives lower flat;;
worth looking at. 1
GREAT bargain; $900; cozy sunny 4-room cot- I
tage' street work all done. 407 30th st. Ap- ■,
ply evenings 1378 Union st. j
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see 11. MURPHY. 630 Market at. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1599.
CITY lIEAI-, ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agentr.
Established ISSB. 626 Market st.
Lots on Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Noe and
Hartford sts.; Just placed on market; offered
cheap and very easy terms.
Retail business block. Sixth St., near Mis-
sion; always rented; large lot; 2 frontages;
paying big interest on amount asked.
Golden Gate aye.. near Leavenworth st. ; 3-
-6 tory building, store and flats; paying good In-
terest; only $11,000.
Mission st., bet. Ninth and Tenth: 2 flats: can
be raised and store put under at small expense;
lot 30x57:6; a bargain.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes Bt.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
$6500— Seventeenth St., near Capp; dwelling
and lot; 50x110.
$5900— Corner Twenty-third and- Noe sts.; 25:6 x
114; flats renting for $40.
$4500— Bush St., nr. Devlsadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5250— Gough St.. near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect
order; Hampshire Bt., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100.
$351*0— Guerrero st., near Twentieth; 25x100;
two flats, renting for $25.
$5000— O'Farrell st., near Devlsadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month: lot 45x80.
$2900— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot: Twenty-third st., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$3250— Golden Gate aye., corner Lyon St.;
store and rooms; 32:6x100.
$3300— Chattanooga st., near Twenty-third; 2
flats; rents $18; lot 25x117.
Diamond st., near Nineteenth; 6 rooms
and bath; rents $12 50; lot 25x125.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000— Pacific aye., southwest corner Octavla
si ; 50x127:8.
Corner on Haight and Octavla sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Butter St., nr. Buchanan; i'6:3xS7:6: $3935.
$2000— California, near Broderick; 24:9x52:6.
Eighteenth st., corner Diamond: 25x75; $2250.
$3500— Bryant near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
• $1600 Filbert St., corner Buchanan; 26x90.
$1750— Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
$1000 -Seventh aye., near J st. ; 25x120.
$800 Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$?00— Jersey st.. near Noe: 25x114.
$800 Twentieth st!, corner Douglass: 30x110.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
ELEGANT cottages; Guerrero st., near Twen-
ty-seventh; nod improvements. HENRY
FEIGE. Builder, 1024 Capp st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
COMBINE PLEASURE WITH BUSINESS:
SECURE A LOT FROM US AT A BARGAIN.
$4</0 to $800— Sunset and Richmond lots graded
and ready to build on. $25 down and $10 month-
ly-
s7oo to $1100— Two beautiful 5-room cottages
near Mission Electric Car Un», on easy terms.
$150 to Ocean View Boulevard lots, $10
down and $5 monthly.
$100 to $125— Level Ocean View lets, $5 month-
ly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass sts.; must be. sold; $oxll4
feet.
$">>oo— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 50x
137. ti feet.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster st. lot 30x127:8'i feet.
In Berkeley- Corner lot; 57x150, with modem
h use of 9 rooms.
ARMY. 336S— House of 5 rooms and lot for
sale.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $8000 15.-) ACRES
Situated V.i miles north of Sonoma; 35 acres
fine vineyard; 25 acres orchard; 20 acres groin
land; balance rolling pasture land: well wood-
ed; a new ■ room modern house, with bath
and wide porches; large barn, carriage house, |
etc.; tin. well, windmill and 10.0<i0-gallon tank; ;
a paying ranch; beautifully situated and In
fine, condition; owner in Africa.
Large summer resort in Lake County: adjoins
Haiti' tt Springs; 176 acres; 1 large hotel, 4 cot-
tages, etc.; spring water piped to buildings;
several mineral springs; all fine condition. For
full information address McAFEE BROS., 108
Montgomery ■'.. San Francisco.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from 8. F.— s4o to iSO per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail !
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. sth floor. Mills bldg.. S. F. j
NEW rich land near city; mall and large \
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California st., S. F. j
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. P. HOI.COM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$2500— HOUSE, 10 rooms, lot 50x125, for In-
terior property; a small Nevada County
ranch preferred.
$2500— Store and flat and business, occupied |
by owner, for similar property or small farm
away from the \ bay.
$DOt>0 — Fine modern house. 10 rooms, right I
down town, for smaller dwelling in Oakland, j
Berkeley or San Jose.
$3000 each— Two cottages nicely located and j
clear; trade either or both for well improved |
farm around the bay.
$10,000— Three dwellings in good location;
trade for small farm, $5000, and balance on
time HUGH M. CAMERON,
Real Estate Broker.
1058 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange— 4o-acre unincumbered
apricot orchard in the famous early fruit belt,
IV> miles from Vacavllle; trees just In bearing
and ail on Myrobolan root; splendid oppor-
tunity to secure profitable property at very
low figure, as owners are non-residents and
desirous of concentrating their interests; price
$7500; one-t(.:rd cash, balance on easy terms,
or will exchange for acceptable city property.
For full- particulars address HORACE STEV-
ENS, Vacaville, Cal.
STOCK and grain ranches for city or over the
bay income property; 4000 acres, $25,000; 510
acres $25,000; 500 acres. $17,000; 310 acres, 70
acres in fruit, $25,000: 110 acres, $10,000. Ger-
man-American, 34 Kearny st.
BEAUTIFUL and-a-half cottage, situ-
ated in the western part of the city of Los
Angeles, for exchange for property In San
Francisco. Vallejo or Oakland. Inquire 1201
Taylor st.
A BEAUTIFUL San Jose home for similar
property In San Francisco. Boy 4545. Call.
PROPERTY WANTED.
LOT wanted— The best lot that about $100 will
buy; in San Francisco or around bay. but
not over 45 minutes' travel to Call building.
Address box 4567, Call of »■:>_•.
MONEY TO LOAN. '
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6'» per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgage* a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 Third st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. HILL. 44, Merchants' Exchange.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS. Real
Estate and Loans. Mills bdg; notify: will call.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413. Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bidg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
CHEAPEST nnd best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pnees; sent to any address In the i
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. 1
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, 'RIDGE & CO.,
BANKS PAY 3% PER CENT INTEREST. i
REAL ESTATE FOUR TIMES AS MUCH.
; INVESTMENTS UNDER $2000.
$I,9oo— Stone st., near Jackson; 2 flats, 4 rooms
each; rents $18.
$1,750—4 blocks from Fourth and Market sts.:
3 flats, 4 rooms each; rents $26; never
has been vacant.
$I,6oo— Perry St., near Third; front and rear
i .- ■• house; rente $17.
; $I,6oo— Hi blocks from Third and Market sts.;
2-story house, 7 rooms.
$1,250— Near Broadway and Mason sts.; 2 flats,
3 rooms each; rents $14.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
$30,000— 0n O'Farrell St., 4 blocks from Market;
: lot 55:6x137:6.
MUST BE SOLD— MAKE OFFER.
: WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$10,000—3 modern flats on Grove St. and 4 flats
on Birch aye. ; rents $102.
$8,000—2 modern flats on McAllister st. of 10
and 6 rooms. j
$5,100—2 modern flats. 6 and 5 rooms and bath;
• near Park Panhandle." .
$5,000—2 new modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms and j
bath: rents $40; on Golden Gate aye.
$4,000— Store and 5 rooms and 6-room flat i
above; on Stelnei* st.
MISSrON FLATS.
; $s,soo— Near Twenty-third and Howard £ts>.: 8
new flats of 5 rooms each; 28x65; rents ;
$48; all rented.
; $3,750— 5h0t well St.. near Twenty-first; 2 mod-
ern flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath; lot i
30x133:6.
' $3,300— 0n Twenty-third st.; 2 new flats, 8 and 5 i
rooms and bath and basement; rents $33.
$3 Reduced ; 1 block north of Market st. : 2 ;
flats. 6 and 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x115; ;
street bitumlnized; lot worth money. ;
: We are preparing our catalogue for our next ■
regular auction sale. For further particulars
apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
! vv ' 63S Market st.
■ I
HOUSE and lot for sale; new cottage, 4 rooms I
and brick foundation: 1 block from electric
cars; price $800! mortgage $300 If you wish
to take It. Inquire at grocery store, Twenty- i
eighth and Alabama sts. j
3 LOTS, Gift Map 2: $16 down. $16 mo. Apply
a. Nylander. 611 Moultrl" st.. Holly Park.
EDUCATIONAL
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
EayinK blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mm- i
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAI-r— Theory and practice, con- I
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 21
teachers; day and evening: catalogue free.
| HBALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy- j
sical culture. Delaarte, vocal music, piano, j
violin. Journalism, practical acting. stam- j
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue, Odd Fellows' bldg.. B.F.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teacher?; >
Kills system; sunny rooms; low rates; day. j
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- -
ing, mecta survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve.;
es t. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. ?33 Market.
INSTRUCTION in dancing, ballroom or stage, I
Mon. and Frl. evgs Prof. O'Brien. 107 Larkln. j
DANCING, ballroom, stage, taught; private or j
class. IRVINE'S 421 Post st . near Powell.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing; !
day & night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. i
SATISFACTION guaranteed at Ayr^s' Busi-
ness College, 723 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing:
day & night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr 6th. |
HOME in a French family with French and I
musical instruction. 1910 Btelner st. _ !
THE Studio. 1033 Sinter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet. English and German. Me lesson. !
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pil- ,
vate lessons. $5 mo. ; top flat. 514 Hayes it I
MATHEMATICS, history, English; coaching j
specialty: during vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy. ;
j LAW Schools 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
i PIANO lesions by a competent teacher: ten |
years' experience: 60c an hour. 620 Eddy st. j
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bu«- ;
(ness College. MR I.nrkin wt.. ODD Cttv Hall
lALAMEDAI ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ILAMBDJI REAL ESTATE.
I IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS!
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
Xo. 1— 51430 for a $2250 horn«; 5 rooms, bath.
No 2— $1650 for a $3600 homa; 5 rooms, bath.
No 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No 4- $3000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No 5— $4500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms', bath.
The above homes are located on tjre main
j avenues of the city and contain modern Im-
provements.
MARCUSE .* REMMEL,
620 Market St., S. F., Bay-st. Station. Ala, .
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS. j
$700— FINE lot on bay shore. '
! JISOO— Foreclosure; 2-story, s rooms and bath;
lot 40x120; near Grand st. station; cost $3500. |
$2200- Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot >
52x150: near High School and depot; terms, $100 j
cash. $20 per month. ]
I $3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1482 Park st.
WE offer the following special bargains:
$1350— House. 9 rooms and bath; lot 50x170; all i
street work done; near station.
1 $tSo— Lot 30x40: Pacific aye.
JlCOO— Large 6-room cottage, modern; lot BOx
i 150; stable, etc.
$1700— Lot 50x150.
Santa Clara aye. 300 feet water front lots;
finest location In Alameda: great reduction In I
i prices. E. D. JUDD & CO., 1424 Park st.
: SNAP— New House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x ]
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tlon. Apply to W. F. BCHTTLTE. 1612 Chaplp.
ALAMKDA HOUSES.
FINE house; well furnished; all modern im-
provements; large grounds. 2116 Santa Clara
avenue.
ALA.Mi;i)A ROOMS AND lIOAHU.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Mb. !
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL "ESTATE.
$1000- 5-room cottage; short distance from San j
Pablo avenue; $50 down, balance to suit you. !
|900 — 5-room cottage, West Berkeley. We ]
have advanced this price $100 since last week; j
both have patent closets, bath, water, etc.
$37 00— Can you pay this much per month In '
place of rent,- for a brand new 7-room house;
rooms extra large: large reception hall, bath, !
pantry. laundry, unobstructed view; close to
university; best water around the bay; street j
graded; house ready to move Into. If you can j
satisfy us by Wednesday of your ability to ;
make the above payments, "we will sell you
either house at 1423 and 1425 Spruce street. j
North Berkeley. You must speak quick or you
will be left on some of these bargains. All of
these open for inspection to-day. See us after
i 12 Monday, room 2. 222 Sansome street, S. F.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
PEOPLE wishing to locate near the university
In Berkeley will do well to see M. L. WURTS. >
. Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland. Have * I
modern houses In course of construction on j
easy terms. '-':'•■ ■•-
BARGAIN— 6 rooms, bath, pantry; almost new;
high basement; brick foundation; folding
doors; stationary tubs; bay window; lot 40x \
120;. price 81900; only $250 cash, balance $1S j
monthly: close to station, stores, schools,
churches; between 2 electric car lines. Get !
off at Lorin station and ask for RUDOLPH
& PERKINS.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR RENT— A nicely furnished house of 11 j
rooms, bath, etc.: rent $65: situated in upper
I 'wight way. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR FRUITVALE REALTY CO.
BY FRUITVALE REALTY CO.
$650.
3-room house; lot 50x130; .2 blocks from elec-
tric cars; fine view.
• . , ? -5-
3-room house; 2 blocks from Fruitvale sta- i
tion; this Is a nice home.
$1250.
I 6-room modern house, Just the same as new;
i high basement: 2 blocks from Fruitvale station; I
this Is a bargain. •
Come and we will show you this fine chicken I
ranch; it consists of 4 acres of ground; 2 acres I
i In fruit, good buildings and about 1000 thor-
I oughbred fowls. . ,
FRUITVALE REALTY CO.,
Fruitvale Station. ■
j JOHN W. ELROD, Manager.
| OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
' OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
! WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
REAL ESTATE.
903 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, .
Room 16, Second Floor. Mills Building. San
; ! Francisco.
$375 EACH. ~ '
50 of the finest residence lots in Oakland;
street work done; very cheap; you might get a
i fine new modern house for this price; send lor
j catalogue.
$4000— Two acres in Fruitvale: finest location
there for home; car line passes property; big
bargain.
$2750— Eight and three-eighths acres near Mills
College; all level and close to Hay wards electric
cars; worth double this.
i I $12.500— Fine piece of Broadway property, run-
; ning through to Franklin St.; 4 flats now built
i ; renting for $58 per month; room for 4 more
I that would rent for $80 per month; would take
; one-half cash, balance trade.
i ; $6500— Elegant home, on high ground close
! to Senator Perkins" home; lot 75x125; fine stable;
! reduced from $'.i5OO for quick sale.
j $2500— Large corner lot on Adeline st.
! ] $2rbO— Beautiful lot on Filbert st.
$1.-oo— Large lot on Tenth aye., 75x100, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth sts.; big bargain.
; $7500— One of the finest homes in Oakland;
, | on Filbert st. ; large lot; house of 10 rooms; all
i i modern Improvements: very cheap.
! ; $1000 to $2000— Several snaps In fine modern
; I cottages.
Send for catalogue of the $375 lots.
i WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
REAL ESTATE.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
Room 16, Second Floor, Mills Building, San
Francisco.
, i z__
t ■
' HUGH M. CAMERON.
REAL ESTATE BROKER.
■ ! OAKLAND. CAL.
$550— Lot 32x16<! feet; in Piedmont; a choice
1 site.
$666 Lot 32x116 feet, with sunny frontage and
street work alf done; near electric cars; nice
location.
$1250— An acre of land on Claremont aye., In
North Oakland; water pipes and shrubbery:
i good building site; house was burned down.
$1750 — New Colonial cottage of 5 rooms, porce-
lain bath tub. wash trays, double parlors, etc. ;
i lot 62x147 feet; fenced and In lawn; a very de-
sirable home at a bargain: on Telegraph aye.,
near South Berkeley; cars in front; walking
distance of trains.
HUGH M CAMERON.
105S Broadway, Oakland.
APPLY TO :
E. E. BUNCE,
908 Broadway,
FOR SAFE INVESTMENTS.
Large manufacturing building, over 3 acros.
j in Berkeley, on S. P. line; will take half cash,
I balance In city property.
I Large building of 50 rooms, large grounds. In
< good location; no better for hospital; in Oak-
land; will meet any good offer. »
1 $4000— House of g rooms: large lot; exchange
for San Francisco property.
$1506 5-room cottage; lot 50X14 1 ) feet; good lo-
cation; whoever buys It will gel a lot same \
size free.
j Good lots from $100 and up in all parts of
Oakland or Berkeley.
Cottages for sale from $tV¥) up to $20,000.
I ONE chance in a lifetime; a large, beautiful
j building and lot. with nice, big tower; good
I location; corner lot; building $4xM; 2-story:
6 rooms upstairs; downstairs suitable for a
i grocery store and butcher shop or saloon, and I
• all unfinished, but permanent tenant rented I
for 1 year at $24 per month; price $2500; j
mortgage $1250; will exchange equity of $12""
for vacant lots or bouse and lot clear: who
will pick this up? California Land ,Ex-
I change, 95S Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
j HOG and chicken ranch; look at this bargain;
21 acres on<» hour's drive to Oakland; good ]■•
I cation; 30 head of hogs, old and young: 300
healthy hens; 300 full-grown ducks. 1 gentle
cow; 2 horses and wagon and harness; all
' improvements. Including one of the best swill
j routes in Alameda County: this ranch netted j
i $*S0 last year: best of reasons for selling: |
actually worth $1009; price 1860. California
Land Exchange, 161 Broadway, Oakland.
1 LOTS $".0 upward; the loveliest spot on earth;
$2 60 cash. $1 .10 monthly; can let you have
j one or more pieces 50x256 for 8130; $10 cash j
and $6 monthly; tropical Frultvnle. adjoining
East Oakland; if you wish elevation, rolling j
i or level valley land, you can be suited here; ;
no cold winds nor fog here; superb soil; grand
view; about one mile nearer the local trains |
than Walter Morosco " the Grand Opera
House. San Francisco, and lying in the level
valley; not far from a fine school and near ;
a 90-foot boulevard and electric cars. (."all ;
or send for circulars. 455 Seventh st., Broad-
way station, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z>.
JONES, Owner.
$2200— FOR 10 days only; 14-acre ranch; house,
6 rooms; fruit; Walnut Creek. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway. Oakland.
I TO«rade— 4So acres; San Joaquln Valley, below
Stockton; fine farm land. C. K. KING, 902
■ Broadway, Oakland.
4 1-3 ACRES, near Oakland, with buildings;
1 $3600; great bargain. C. K. KING, 902 Broad -
■ way, Oakland.
! BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST— OakIand suburbs,
near S. P., 40 minutes from S. F:, 15 min-
utes from Oakland: home lots in sizes to |
suit: 60x135 feet, with a new modern cottage. |
for $650 (a beautiful summer home); $50
down, balance to suit purchaser. Further
particulars address JACOB HEYMAN &
SON, 19 Montgomery st., city.
: NEW 5-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
I em.' improvements and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co.. 1133 E 14th St., nr. 23d aye.. E. Oakland.
I COME see it; $2100; $250 down, balance to suit
! at 8 per cent; 2-story, I rooms and bath; bay-
window; on Tenth St., 3 blocks from Wash-
| ington; no agents. Apply to owner, 669 Tenth
St., Oakland.
$760 l ROOM cottage, high basement; stable;
nice large lot. etc.; must sell: owner called
i away. Apply FIELD REALTY CO.. 1139 East
Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
$180,000— FINE business property In the heart of
Oakland; reason for selling and all particulars
furnished upon application. ALDEN CO., 902
Broadway.
$4760 LOVELY home and grounds; large corner
lot, with fruit trees, flower garden, etc.; cost
; over $7000: very nicely located at Linda Vista
Terrace; handy to electric cars; good reason
for selling, ALDEN CO.. 902 Broadway.
I $700— HARD finished cottage, 5 rooms; barn;
easy payments. 108 Fourth st., Oakland.
MONEY to loan on houses; will sell two. nice
little cottages: Installments; for amt. loaned
; on them. J. D. BENNETT, 902 Broadway.
i $50 LOTS— Fruitvale; local trains; title perfect;
bargains H. B. PINNEY,- Owner, 905 Broad-
way, room 9._ . ; „»
GOOD 5-room house on Center st., $1100; good 6-
room house on Oak St., 88600; 5-room house on
| Grove st., lot 120x130, price $1700; easy terms.
P. KELLY, 461 Ninth st.
I $1600 ■ -
REDUCED FROM $3000
IF SOLD THIS WEEK.
House, 7 rooms, bath; lot 40x120; first-class
neighborhood; etone walk and street work
complete; convenient to business center.
FIRST COME FIRST SERVED.
J. S. MEYERS, 1002 Broadway.
FRUIT
660 acres of fine farming and grazing land.
5 miles from the City Hall of Oakland, ly-
ing between Oakland and San Leandro, near
I San Leandro Electric Road. Land all roll-
Ing. Commands fine view, suitable for sub-
urban homes in subdivisions.
For further particulars inquire of
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-482 Eighth street.
Oakland.
i $125 LOTS — For a profitable investment or the
most beautiful location in Fruitvale for a
home, see the Deering Tract. Fruitvale aye.:
terms to suit. H. W. DAVIS. Sole Agent,
room 9, 905 Broadway. Oakland.
i A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
-i — — — —
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
FOR 6 months or longer: 12 rooms, well fur-
nished, sunny; front and back lawn: flowers,
vines; 1364 Franklin St.; 4 minutes to narrow
gauge station; call 11 to 5: references. . *;: :;^ ■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
! AN Introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. the
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin, Oakland.
GOLDEN GATE.
GOLDEN GATE REAL ESTATE.
NO PAYMENT DOWN— an honest, straight- ■
forward worklngman, 5-room cottage, bath,
l patent closet, sewer, city water, 50-foot lot,
fenced, 8-foot basement; this opportunity
comes once in a life time; don't miss It: it is
13S1 Felton at.; take Berkeley train; see agent
I to-day any time after 12. Adeline station..
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY, I
Room 2, 222 Sansome st., San Francisco.
HOUSES TO LET.
BERN A L aye.. 40— House of 8 rooms and bath;
. lot 50x125 feet; 2 fronts; rent $20. Key at 61.
ELEGANT modern 10-room bay-window house;
rent reasonable. 525 Golden Gate aye.
FOLSOM, 870 — House of 10 rooms: upper part;
rent $20. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St. '
HOUSE of I rooms; bath: newly papered and
painted; rent $30. 717 Laguna st.
SILVER. 30—6 sunny rooms: $14.
SILVER. 30—3 large rooms in rear; $6.
VERY fine house. In perfect condition: 3336
Twenty-first St.. near Guerrero: 7 rooms;
rent very reasonable: see it. E. G. DENNIS-
TON. 3454 Twenty-first st.
VERY pleasant house, in perfect condition: 3336
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable: see it.
$6 50 -4-ROOM. cottage and barn: 2".x21; water
free. 327 Hearst aye.. Sunnyside.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms, large yard and stable.
218 Colllngwood St.. bet. nth and 20th. _
COZY cottage of 5 rooms, bath, gas. yard,
basement. 1119 Vallejo St.. nr. Leavenworth.
NEAT, convenient cottage of 5 rooms, bath;
large yard; reasonable. 3524 Nineteenth st.
SHOTWELL, Sunny room cottage; bath,
basement, yard; $12, without stable.
TO rent— Cottage. 3 rooms; rent $11. 1105 Leav-
enworth st.. near California.
$6— REAR cottage, 4 rooms, basement; water
free. 339 Jersey st. ; Castro cars.
4 ROOMS bath, stationary tubs, basement,
yard. $10 50. Apply 1228 Treat aye.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, bath; $30. 1221
Jackson St., bet. Jones and Leavenworth.
FURNISHED flat of three rooms to let; rent
$12. 370 Brannan st.
TO RENT— Nicely furnished flat: 4 rooms and
bath; gunny yard 111 Fell st
FLATS TO LET.
\T N\V corner Sutter and Scott; rarely beau-
tiful; appreciated if seen; six rooms: glazed
porch; $25; water free; please investigate.
A 3- Room flat: near Mission and Third sts.;
rent $10. Apply 15 Grant aye. ■ "
BOWIE aye.. 5— A flat of 3 bay-window rooms;
cheap rent to a small family.
CORNER flat; sun In every room; 7 rooms and
bath; nicely finished; 1436 Ellis st. Apply
MADISON 4 BURKE.
FEW steps from City Hall: sunny top flat. 6
rooms and bath, 10 Grove st __
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. _____ |
FLAT 3 large sunny rooms. 29 Ring-old St..
bet. Bth and 9th, Folsom and Harrison; $*.
FLAT 6 sunny rooms and bath. 410 Thirteenth
st . : rent $21 £0: near Valencia st.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; good order. 1615
Clay st.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; rent $16. 39 Clara
j street. ;
: FRANKLIN. 711, near Golden Gate aye.— Sunny
7-room flat and bath. p
FULTON 146— Good lower flat. 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
HARRISON. 704, near Third— Nice comfortable
sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath; $16.
HATES, 335—4 rooms and bath; large yard;
rent $15; water free
LAGUNA. 912. nr. Golden Gate— Flat. 6 rooms,
bath, good order; sunny; reasonable.
j MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; reasonable to good teuant.
I NEW flat. 5 rooms, bath; yard, cellar and
stable; rent Sl*. 3S Sharon st. . bet. Fifteenth
'■ and Sixteenth. Church and Sanchez.
' NEW sunny flat of 4 rooms. 1521 Geary st.;
rent $20: references.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 5-room flat: modern Improve-
ments; rent $17: water free. '
OCTAVIA. 509—6 rooms and bath: water free;
rent $20. ■ ,
I SCOTT, 2036, corner Sacramento— Elegant 7-
' room 'flat; reasonable.
SUNNY 3-room flat; modern Improvements;
$12; barn if desired. 1913 O'Farrell st
sunny flat; newly renovated; 6 rooms and
j bath. low rent. MM Geary St.. near Hyde.
{ THIRTEENTH. 42->— Sunny upper and middle
flat; modern improvements. "
I TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— Sunny s-
room flat: modern; rent $15: water free.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
garden. 1219 Laguna. cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
$11— SUNNY Hats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place, i
off Taylor, between Post and Geary sts.
$I*— l LARGE rooms, bath and modern Im- i
provements. 30* Bartlett st . near 24th.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO, 429 — 2 nice furnished housekeeping
rooms;' private entrance; lawn, flowers;
cheap: no children. ;
Fl'l'V 207 1 large pleasant sunny room: com-
plete for hFkpg; gas, bath: house quiet.
EDDY 604, near Larkln-Nice sunny furnished
I rooms complete for housekeeping.
| ELLIS 639 corner Larkin— Bay-window alcove,
kitchen, gas stove; also single bay-window. :
ELLIS 800— Front! sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping ; all newly furn-
ished; also unfurnished rooms.
FIFTH 353—3 furnished housekeeping, $13; 2,
$10; hall room. $5; large front room. $7.
FILLMORE, 2208, near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
I MORE 2212, near Clay— 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
FOURTH, 225— Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping; also single.
FULTON 116. nr. Polk— 3 neatly furnished
front rooms; also suite with kitchen.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping. Inquire
at 1503 Dolores st.
GEARY. HA Large 'well furnished suite, run-
ning water, $16 mo. ; hkpg; others, $1 2o wk.
GEARY. 6 2— 2 large sunny rooms, newly reno-
vated; nicely furnished for hkpg; ground floor.
GEARY, 731, rear— Five unfurnished sunny
rooms; yard. r .''
GEARY 1917— Furnished and unfurnished flats;
4 rooms. 2 baths, 2 toilets, 2 cellars; gas.
every convenience^
GOLDEN GATE aye., v!3l- Nicely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; running water;
hath; $13.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404-3 neatly fur.. 2 front.
with closets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE. 1050—2 large sunny well fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove; free telephone.
GOLDEN GATE, 1404 Nicely furnished rooms,
i complete for housekeeping; sun. bath; private.
' GROVE, 360—2 furnished housekeeping rooms
to let.' '
YES,. 433—3 very nice rooms; Bunny; front;
kitchen and bath; rent $12.
HAWTHORNE, 172. bet. 2d and 3d, nr. Harri-
son— Smali prettily fur, flat; private; $16 mo.
HOWARD, 528, bet. First and Second— Nice
furnished sunny room, and also housekeeping.
I HOWARD. 719 H. near Third— 2 furnished
rooms; rent $9 per month.
HOWARD. -Large kitchen and bedroom;
complete for housekeeping; hot and cold
water: $2 50 per week.
JONES 503—3 housekeeping rooms, complete,
$16; also double and single rooms, cheap.
LA II KIN. 706 — Light sunny front rooms; also
rear rooms; private family; quiet. .-.,
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen,
furnished, yard, $9; sunny double room. $7;
single. $4. i .
MARKET, IMS- Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed. $12; 3 unfurnished. $6.
MARKET, 1217 — 3 or 4 sunny rooms and bath,
complete for. housekeeping; reasonable. ;.-•- .--v
MINNA." 111,4. near Second— Furnished house-
keeping room. $1 2.". per week.
MISSION. 839— Large rooms, complete house-
keeping, $2 a week; unfurnished rooms cheap.
MISSION. 1129— Large front room and kitchen;
also large parlor; can do cooking.
MISSION, 2133— Large sunny front room and
kitchen very cheap.
NATOMA. 62—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
I $8 a month.
NATOMA, 643 — 2 or 3 furnished rooms; com-
' plete for housekeeping; $) and $11.
POST, 617 - 2 pleasant sunny .' unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
"POWELL. 911. near Sacramento— 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $11: from 12 to G.
PROSPECT place. 12.". off California, between j
Stockton and Powell— Large room and kitchen: |
fine view of bay; morning sun; $10; pri. Ger. |
SOUTH PARK. 90— 2 large sunny front house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor; very reasonable.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. '
SOUTH PARK. 159— Double and single rms.,
j for hkpg; front and sunny: frneh. or unfrnsh.
SOUTH PARK, 184, nr. 3d— 2 large rooms;
I every convenience for housekeeping.
SUTTER. 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
1 THIRTEENTH. 329. near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms: rent $9.
TURK. 543— Sunny bedroom nnd kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove, gas and
bath; S3 25 per week.
TWENTIETH, 3622. near Valencia— 2 sunny
' furnished connecting rooms; bath; sink.
' TWENTY-SIXTH. 3369. near Mission—
1 front furnished connecting housekeeping
suites, JS to $11; also single.
TWENTY-THIRD, 31618— 2 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, with bath and stationary
washtubs.
WASHINGTON, 2907 — Upper floor. 3 large
moms and bath; rent $16. .
CHEAPEST and best In America-'-The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth-Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $."> per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single: ftrst-clr.sa
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT New Grand. 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk: also housekeeping.
AT 39 Turk. cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hpkg. rms.; reas.; transient.
j BALBOA. 1049 A Market— Changed hands; first-
class rooming house; elegant sunny outstrip
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable; transient
solicited H. H. McCOLLISTER. Prop.
CARROLTON. 12Q6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLAY, 1629. nr Polk— Fine furnished front
room with kitchen and bath, $13 50. Inquire
15» Polk st.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 118— Sunny, desirable rooms. $8 upward
month; also housekeeping very reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 368^. over bakery— Large fur-
nished front room, $5 month, also kitchen
I! desired
ELLIS. 424. bet. Jones and Leavenworth— Nice-
ly fur. sunny front suite, 4 or 5 gents; bath.
ELLIS, 611— Nicely furnished sunny double and
single roms; rent reasonable; private family.
FERNWELL. 34 Kearny. 47 Post— Sunny bath-
room suite; also single rooms; transient.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FOURTH. 12SV_. nr. Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated; choice front rms.
! GEARY, 3*7 newly furnished rooms: sunny;
gas; hot bath; closets; central; light house-
keeping allowed.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GOLDEN STATE. 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents: sunny rooms by day. week or month.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 425— Desirable eunny
furnished room: low rent.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 309— Newly furnished
rooms, private family.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 527— Nice sunny room:
rent reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Slitter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD. 646, near 3d— New house, 30 rms. :
newly frnshd; single, double; gas; $5 upward.
HOWARD. ,£29— Furnished rooms from $1 week
up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 953V4 — Nicely furnished gunny
room* from Jl'per week up; excellent front
rooi?.s.
HYDE, 129— Nicely furnished rooms, from $5
Dp. : .
IVANHOE 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (S to 5 r.), $15 up. ref.
JONES, 120, near Turk— Neatly furnished front
sunny, room; gas, bath: rent moderate.
LARKIN. 704— Nicely furnished sunny parlors,
single or en suite; closet, bath; reasonable.
LOMBARD. 1021, nr. Hyde— B Rooms; yard;
fine view; $16.
MARKET. 7 1 »' ;l 2 Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
MARKET. 1724. nr. Polk— Sunny rooms, gas
and bath. $6; private family.
MCALLISTER. 513. near Van Ness— A large fur-
nished front room, with gas. hot and cold
[ water; suitable for 2
I MINNA. 571B— Nice sunny rooms; rent $0 to %■%
per month.
1 MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth—Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, Kit", Large sunny furnished front
room, rent $6: private family.
MISSION. 654.' nr. Third— 2 Sunny rooms; new-
ly furnished; $10 and $8 per month.
MISSION. 846, near Fourth— New management;
new furniture; sunny suites and single; reas.
MISSION 2156— Nicely furnished front room to
working' woman; breakfast; private family;
rent reasonable.^ ■ ■
MISSION, 2245— Large furnished room; use of
bath; suitable for 2. .«.'
MONTGOMERY, aye.. 116— Large bay-window
room: running water; for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
OAK, 136— A nicely furnished room for gentle-
man: rent $5.
OCTAVIA. 412— Neat sunny furnished single
room; rent $4 50.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window for 2. $S; Incandescent burner.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., jno.
O'FARRELL. 331— Well-furnished front rooms;
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
PINE. 647— Rooms for gentlemen; gas. etc.; $4
and $5 per month. •
POLK, 1635— Respectable parties can find nlca
room: private family: very reasonable.
POWELL, IS, bet. Market and Ellis— Prettily
furn. rms.; single and en suite; new mangt.
POWELL. 17— Central and prettily furn. rms.;
cheap; June. Market st. cars; near theater.
POWELL 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $150;
week, $2 to $3; month. $8 to. $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
■ cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 320<4 (Stanford House)— Suites from
$12 up: single rooms. $1 50 up. ]
TAYLOR, 407— Large front room: well fur-
nished; suitable for 2 gentlemen: with bath.
TENTH, 138. near Mission-Front room for 2
gents; also single rooms; rent reasonable.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming hous.«
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth St.. cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. nr. 6th— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single: gas, bath; also hkpg.
VAN NESS aye., Furnished room for gen-
tleman; gas. bath, hot and cold water.
YALE. 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites. $5 up; single. $150 up.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT 415 First st. — Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS. 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully furnished
sunny suites, single r., reas.; board optional.
HOWARD. 728% — American family wishes a
few boarders: terms $4 per week.
LAS PALM AS, 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private: bath; board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Large front room, running
water, home cooking; also single rms., $20 up.
POST, 744— R00m and board; use of parlor and
' piano; $36 and up. ■
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
ROOMS with or without board at 232 Halght
St., near Buchanan; one. $20; two. $35;. grand
view; Haight st. cars pass door. .
SUITE of rooms, with board if desired. 313
Golden Gate aye.
SITTER. 112' — Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden: horn" cooking.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st ; popular prices.
Additional Classified Advertisements
• en Page 14.
1314
CHILDREN BOARHED.
A LADY living In Aiameda, nice, home near
!. would like l or 2 children to board;
terms reasonable. Address A. 8., Call office,
< 'akland.
V [DOW in country wishes 2 children to board
■ < • en the age of 2 and 10; R.v d home; t«rms
rate. Apply at 81 Federal St., off Sec-
between Bryant and Rrannan.
LADY would like infant or small child; good
M . Siati.-n D, Oakland. _________
I ; good
in •. reasons ■ Bartlett h^
WANTED 1 or 2 children to board: father to
room; optional. Inquire 1533'-_ Mission St.
NEAT refined young woman de«lre_s children
to board: I- st of references. Apply 531 ''astro.
STORES TO LET.
APHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
■i rner Sixteenth.
■ ear Flftn.
M
I I St., near Fifth.
5:: . ■ ■ •
$20- ■' » F .: - st.
$25—1119 Harris in St.. corner Langton.
fitted up, in a fine location;
to rUhi pa | allfornta st
any basement. Apply f.24
. -T.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MATERLE'9 eye water: a new discovery for
weak, sore, inflamed, itohlnis. watery, burning.
:il and overstrained eyes and nerves; by
mall BOc German Optical Institute, 1071% Mar-
ket. S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt. In every State.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
-.^es; all those who are sick or dlscour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
■ • re s-" ng elsewhere; they will find j
::i her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and ir',\i-,- of i home; consultation free and
confidential; h me treatment, $:.; no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. l'K GWYER. 610 Eddy
ft. Hyde and Larkln; office hours. 10 to
> tnd T to ?. Sundays by appointment
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
nt any time when others have failed: travel-
ers hi Uy and -'an return home t he
same day; no Instruments used: cure at office,
J". home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all ran save tl nd expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, i ■ else- ■
MRS. i»R WYF.TH t St.. bet.
Hv.'n- and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to S
: Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles- C only I>r. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men aiul w men;
■ and quick cure c-iar-
■ ■:: any direr!---- or Irregularlt:
mpathy and aid: sure relief,
th'-Hiph "lse fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
red . travelers t-- -
lay: self ur< seni call or write; free: contl-
VIF.S. 122S Market st . ;
J2.
A TREATMENT I I • res Instantly all
es from whatever
Instruments used; truer- '
anteed cure ". travelers helped in-
nsultation f:-ee and confidential;
' - patients; ''..mron and privacy.
TH KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
M,T--..n and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and T
:. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A sreat progress in medical sd-
m whatever
cause; every woman her own physician: no
matter how I ng standing:! travelers helped
sate; call on a physician with men's
kn. w ■ I ■ res In 1 day and
n be sent: consultation
I ■:. practice 3T years.
■•■ iPPER, 3t.
' O. W. O'DOXNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irrejtularl-
use Dr O'D mnell has
•ases of Irregu
ties thai 11 ther physician: never fails to
cure: consult hin: first save I mo and money;
used at home: consultation
St.
- tea and
764-766 Clay st... San Fran-
all diseases cured exclusively by Cnl-
varietle? being us-'.'. ;
c free; Ivurs. 3:3n to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
; -
ALL f< lints cured ir, 24 hours; wen
safe rind sure; maternity
• - iltatlon free and
■ lentlal; home treatment. $0. MRS. AL-
LEN, 22 1 - Van Ness aye.
hichester's iCnglish Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
- for particulars;
••!;.■ s"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., rhila.
VVS French pills, a boon to ladies with i
ir.cer: safe cure; $2 50; I
expressed C 0 D don't delay until ;oo late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal
•-• preventive: married ladies
try it; price SI. sample box 25c: write for cir-
cular^ rito Mfgr.C ::'T Leavens rth Bt..S.F.
A DR. and MRS SILVA. 2ir,'- Mason st —
Private hor- In confinement: ladies' friend
in tr call and be cony
til ■ it grulating Pills; sal
v per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggist agts.
PH. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private ! riinement; babies
• ■
MRS A< HA! • . pleasant sunny home
PR. and Mr?. Wise. 1115 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief foi or money back; $.*i up.
I>P.. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
-115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST md best In America— The Weekly-
rail. 16 1 i«es. sent to any address In the
T'liit--' -tpaM. for SI per year.
. -11l ! I i LEANING.
Vv HEN V . • - - '■ with i" or work
send to PPAI'LDING'S Pioneer (^arpet-
•.l: Works, 553-35" Tehama st. : tel. S. ¥1.
yard. M 1.. J< INES,
cor. Larkln; tel. Mint 1501.
I . Sutte,- st.;
(EO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEI ■ lei alng Co.,
153 Bti ■ ■ S iuth 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATT" - ■■ 944.
J. E. MITCH ng 1 »40 14th
st.. clean ng, tel. Mission T4.
I*. ?. - ■ \>sr . 308 ■
leaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 316.
CONK! Works, 333 Golden
aye. . tei. East 126.
ATTORNEYS \T LAW.
[RE & GALLAGHER James '». Ma-
puire (ex-Congressman) and James 1.. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
inc:. -. M ket st.: tel. South 2ir,.
Al»\*Tn^ free; divorce law a s| laity; private;
no fee without llectlons. G. W.
HOWE, Mtt> at law, 350 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 827 Market I : Mason.
L. S. CLARKE -Emma Spreckels building, r>27
Market ■ ■•.-.... n ,, f,.* y \ n advance.
« MAN ING (OM POUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
i*. impound Paste; n household blessing; a sure
cum ' oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
At.-<nt. Office and factory. 21 Spear st
MINES AMI MINING.
1 WANT t 1 buy Central Kunka mining stock
n. :.. ''H"NrV. '■•;■■ i-alirf.rnln st
PBYBICIAK9.
in C. C O'DONNELL, office and r'-sldence,
I':2i'-j Mark- 1 st.. i" 1 . Sixth nn.l Spviuli.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage M c been issued as ff.llows:
Carleton Matbewson and Maj Arbogast.. 23-23
William Tucker and Mlllicent .1. Or- 35 23
and Nit.-. A. Wright..
Owen Lloyd and Lillian M Hewson 2>5-22
Adam E Hackm»ler and Carrie A. 0gtc..29-2i
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES — DEATHS. ~
Birth, marriage and death n^itlces sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at eithei .f the, D_bJle»tion nfflpps and be
indorsed «iththe name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. •
FTUFCTIR- Tn this city. .Tuly L 1599, to the
wife of D. W Frlsche, a son.
IiALF.Y -In this dty, .lune 23, 1S!»9, to th" wife
of M J Haley.
JEFFRET In this city, July 1. 1889, to the
wife of Dr. Joseph A. Jeffrey, a daughter.
LASEY -In this dty, .Tuly 4, IS9S, to the wife
of Fred Lasey, a son.
McNAMARA- In this city. June 2S. 1599, to the
Wife of .lames .T McNainijr.'i. a son.
MEEK— In tbls city, June 14, 1&99, to the wife
. f Thomas H Me<"k. a con.
MKLI.ri:"H 'r, this city, July 3. 1539, to the
wife 8 MeUuish. a son.
MYALL— In 1 June 30, l^M. to the wife
of C 1 ' Mya'i. a daughter.
REDMOND— In this city. June 2, 1899, to the
wife of John T. lledmond, a daughter.
STI-JLLI.VG— In this city. June 27, 18S9, to the
wife of Henry etelllng, a boo.
WALL— this city, Juno 27, 1899. to the wife |
of Stewart S. Wall, a son.
WALLEN— In this city, July 4, 1599, to the
•wife of Albert E. Wallen, a son.
WOOKEY— In this city, July 3, 1899, to the
wife of J. Wookey, a daughter.
YOUNG— In this city, July 7. 1599, to the wife
of J. C. Young, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ANDERSON— GUTH— In thin city. July 7. 1599. !
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, John Anderson
and Anna Outh.
M'HKEK- In this city. June 21. 1599,
by the Rev. F. F. Wheat, Edward Durkee and j
Elizabeth White.
EARLE— CHASE— In this city, July 5, 1599. by i
the Rev. Mr. Jones of Los Angeles, Fred A.
Earle of San Francisco and Gertrude A.
Chase of Holllster, CaJ.
FINEGAN— POLLARD— In Oakland, June 12.
1599, by the Rev. Father Serda, Thomas B.
Finegan and Margaret A. Pollard.
HACKMEIER— OGG— In this city. July 7. 1899,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Adam E. Hack-
meier and Carrie Alice Ogg.
HALEY— BCHAERTZER -In this city. June 21,
1899, by the Rev. Charles <;. Paterson, Frank-
lin R. Haley and C. Elizabeth Schaertzer.
MONDOT— LHANDE— In this city, July 8, 1899,
by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of the Peace, j
Leon Mondot and Anne Lhande, both of San
Francisco.
TRUMMER— UEBERALL— this city, July 4.
1899, by the Rev. J. Fu^ndelinpr. Carl Edward
Ferdinand Trummer and Francisoa Bertha
Joseohine Ueberall.
DIED. .
Albertson. Dr. J. A. Nelson. Andrew
Burke, Michael Nettleton, Mrs. Eliza
Clifford, Mis. Emma Persson, Alma
Darrow, Mrs. Mary Roach, Richard D.
Dudley, William L. Schule, Fred A.
Elben, Annie Shannon, Bridget
Gillespie. James Stornitzky, Carl
Orlnnell. John J. Smith. Lucy W.
Levy, Leon Stults, Henry P.
Love, John Lord Tierney, Mr*. Fannie
Martin. William F. Wa. liter. Rudolph
Murray, James Whearty, Maria E.
ALBERTSON— In this city. July 7. 1599. Dr. Jo-
seph A., beloved husband of Flora E. Albert-
son, and father of William T. Albertson, a
native of New York, aged 70 years.
!E7"Tlie funeral services will take place |
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Hotel
Pleasanton, Sutter and Jones streets. Inter- |
ment private.
BURKE— In this city, July 7, 1*99. Michael
Burke, a native of Ireland, aged 47 years.
CLIFFORD— In this city, July 8, 1899, Mrs.
Emma (>.. wife of Ralph Clifford, and be- :
loved sister of Mrs. E. L. White and Alex
Jackson, a native of New York, aged 42
years and 6 months.
DUDLEY- At Lake Tahoe, July 6. 1899, William
L, Dudley, a native of New Hampshire, aged
I 74 years 7 months and 16 days.
(TC?"The funeral will take place this day j
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi- ;
1 dence. 241 East Flora street, Stockton.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to at- j
: tend. Interment i^rivate.
EIBEN— In this city, July 7. 1599. at her resi- j
d^nce, Z'Vi Dolores street. Annie, beloved wife
of J. H. E. Eiben. beloved mother Of Anita. | ,
Alma. Hazel. Myrtle and Edyard Eiben.
daughter of John and the late Sarah Wor- i
rail, and sister of Clara, Faithful, Albert and
Ellis Worrall, a native of Manchester, Eng-
land, aged S3 years and 3 months. i
r. • Friends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, thence to Olivet Congregational
Church, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GILLESPIE— In this city. July 8, IS??. James.
beloved husband of Annie Gillesple, father of
Mark, Patrick J. and James Glllospt?, brother
of Thomas Gillesple, and brother-in-law of
Daniel and Edward Brady, a native of the
parish of Kilcar, County Donecal, Ireland,
age 50 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1248 Howard street, thence to SI Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemsj requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GRINNELL In this city. July S. 1599, John
Jay Grinnell, a resident of Red Bluff, Cal.,
aged 45 years.
in?" Friends and acquaintances and neigh-
bors of Woodcraft and members of I. O. O. F.
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral j
Tuesday. July 11, 1899, at 2 o'clock, from I. O.
0. F. Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via S:3O o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets. Remains at the Darlors of A. '■
W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street.
LEVY— In this city. July S. 1899. Leon, beloved ' ;
son of Lewis and Kathern Levy, and brother , '
of Jacob and Benard Levy, a native of S.»n
Francisco, aged 33 years and 27 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow ,
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of ;
his parents, 1208 I,_1 ,_ Turk street, thence to .
1. O. O. F. Cemetery for cremation.
LOVE John Lord Love, a native of Buffalo,
N. V.. aged 58 years 3 months and 20 days.
[CFServices at his residence, 28 Glen Park
avenue, this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock.
Interment private.
MARTIN— In this city, July 7. 1899; William
Fitzgerald, beloved husband of Grace J.
Martin, and father of Florence E. Martin, a
native of Ireland, aged 37 years 3 months and
12 day?.
5 rFrierdi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ;
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 525 Harrison street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Harrison and First streets at 10:30 o'clock.
MURRAY— In the City and County Hospital,
July 8, 1899, James Murray. 1
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital,
July 8, 1899, Andrew Nelson, a native of
Sweden, aged 66 years.
NETTLETON— In McCook, Nebr., May 23, 1899, '
Mrs. Eliza Graves Nettleton. (Los Angeles
and Pan Diego papers please copy.)
PERSSON In San Rafael, July 8, 1899, Alma,
dearly beloved and only daughter of Sven and (
Caroline Persson. and sister of Slegfrid,
Gotthard, Arthur and Herman Persson, a na-
tive rwf San Francis.... aged 3 years and 6!
months.
C." Friends and acquaintances are respect- >
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 349 Alvarado street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, Sanchez
and Noe. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery
ROACH— In this city. July 8, 1899, Richard D*
dearly beloved husband of Addle A. Roach, :
and father of Elmer D. Roach, a native of :
Ireland, ased 80 years. A member of Cali- '
fornia L ■'■•■ No. I, I. O. O. F. : Harmony
Lodgrt No. 9, A. O. V. W. : Manzanita Tribe
No. 4, I. O. R. M., and Lincoln Post No. 1.
G. A ' R.
7 Friend:* and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his lat<> resi-
dence, 23S Twelfth street, between Folsom and
Howard, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, cornel
Seventh and Market streets, where funeral
sctvii 1 9 will be held, under trie ausnices of
California Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. F.. com-
mencing- at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
SCHULE In this city, July 6, 1899, Fred A.,
beloved husband of Amalla Schule, and father i
of Josie, Lizzie and Bell* Schule. a native of j
Stuttgart, Germany, aged M years 11 months |
and 22 days. A member of Court Star of the ;
Mission No. 7197, A. O. F.
[ "Friends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, j
239 Bartlett street, between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
MEMBERS Of Court Star of the Mission No.
7197 are respectfully requested to attend the !
funeral of our late brother, Fred A. Schule. '
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence. 239 Bartlett street.
HENRY LEMSER, Chief Ranger.
GEORGE E. FLINT, Fin. Sec.
SHANNON— this city. July 8, 1899. Bridget,
beloved wife of John Shannon, and sister of
Mrs. Thomas Twohig nt San Jose. Cal., and
Mrs. Mary Foley of Virginia city, New, a
native of Ireland, aged 36 .years.
STERN ITZiKY— In Oakland. July. 7. 1599, Carl,
husband of Frederika Sternltzky, a native
of Germany, aged 72 years and 11 months.
SMITH— In this city. July 7. 1599, Lucy W.
Smith, mother of Daniel c. and Thomas H.
Howland and Elizabeth Slater, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 76 years and 7 months.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of 11. C. Bunker & Co., 26C6 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment 1
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
STILTS- In this city. July 7. 1899, Henry P.
Stults, a native of New Jersey, aged 63 years
7 months and 1 day.
KSTFrlends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. R.. and members of San
Francisco No. 1. National Association Sta-
tionary Engineers, are respectfully Invited
to attend the funeral, which will be held un- !
der the auspices of George H. Thomas Post !
NO. 2. G. A R . at their hall, 320 Post street, j
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. Interment '
George H. Thomas Post plat. National
Cemetery- Remains at parlors of A. W. Mar- ;
tin & Co.. US Geary street.
TIERNEY— In this city, July 7, 18&9, Mrs. Fan-
nie Tierney, dearly beloved wife of Thomas |
Tierney, and mother of Patrick. John, Wil-
liam and Matt Tierney and Mrs. E. J. Wren,
a native of County Ivouth, Ireland, aged 66
years 3 months and 12 days. f
G .-' Friends fini. acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 24 Fulsom avenue, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary cemetery.
WACHTER— In this city. July 6, 189», Rudolph !
Wacht'-r. a native of Germany, aged 51 years j
6 months and 16 days. A member of Gerrna-
nia Lodge No. 116, . I. O. O. F.
[CTFrienG.3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from 1. O. O. F. Hall. !
corner Seventh and Market streets, where '
funeral services will be held, under the aus- \
pices of Germania Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. V.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
' J
LfcJNRY c. cAL_.AGri£iR CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB, j
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln *chr>oL
Telephone South 80. *.
THE SAIST FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
the funeral parlors of H. F. Maa-ss. 917 Mis- |
sion street, near Fifth.
WHEARTY— In this city. July 8, 1899, Maria
Ethel, dearly beloved wife of Thomas A.
Whearty, mother" of Thomas G. and viola
Wheartv. and sister of Thomas J., Patrick |
Jerry and Timothy Hurley. Mrs. H. Sass and
Mrs.' E. Runge. a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, aped 33 years 2 months and 11 days.
[TTFrienda are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at in
o'clock, from her late residence. 312 Cortland
avenue, thence to St. John's (Old St. Mary s
College) Church, where a solemn requiem j
hi?h mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
• POSTPONED.
D ARROW— The funeral of Mrs. Mary P. Dar- j
row announced for Saturday, has been post- 1
poned until Sunday. July 9. at 1 o'clock from >
the residence of Wallace Bradford, 305 Spruce |
street.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C C Grin. Los Ang A C Hinkson, Sacto
Z T Magill, Winters Mrs L W KJahn, I'hila
A <■ Tenner, Wash W H Lorenz, Stockton i
C M Cobern & W, Colo R M Tucker, do
j Blthell, Sacto J I- Maude. Riverside
A M Tool, Napa !Dr W T Maupin, al
D Elliott, S Rosa E Whitehead, Los Ang
E A Slisworth, Niles R A Rickett & W. Ca.l
W Romalne, Cal !J M Morlev Hay wards
V T McCoy Cal Mrs B J Payne, S Joee
A McKenzie, Antioch Mrs D F McGraw, Cal
A Smith. Stockton ( : Grant, Cal
E VV M Small, Seattle [C W Payne, Sacto
O Stansbury, Chlco H A Plant. S Cruz
F W Underwood. Tex C Hine & w. Cal
B F Shepherd. Fresno F YV Graves. Portland
W D Luce & w, Yuma H F Rodt. Sacto
Miss L Farrell. Yuma D W H Martin & w,
J H Williams, St Louis San Jo
•J R Williams Jr. do Mrs Fulton, Los Ang_ ,
Mrs S H Smith. Fresno J L Martin, Woodland
Mrs 3 E Beam, Cal G H Bradt, Ohio
Mrs k C Williams, Cal Mrs W W Thatcher.
H A Jastro, Bkrsfleld Hopland
W E Shultz, Chicago M II Orr. Stockton
B J Stanwood, Cal T M Ternan. San Jose
Mrs L Booth, Le Ang Mrs T Pelke, Novata
H J Seymour, Sacto Mrs .1 T Daly, Novato
C E McLean & w, W Booth. Los Ar._ |
Saginaw Mrs N II Smith. Cal
3 L BeviS. St Louis ■ A W Brooks, Stoektn |
PALACE HOTEL.
H M Wolfe, Chicago Mrs. F H McCullogh,
0 L Nolan, Chicago ! Los Gams
D B McCoy, NY F F Hall, Illinois
B S Clark. NY E P Eakin, Illinois
Edw Powell, England; F T Simpson, Cal
Mrs E Powell. Eng E V Sturdy Cal
E Orglll. Memphis Miss Mdc Bailey. NT
Mrs i: Orgill Memphis Miss X Everdell, N V
Mrs s R Montgomery. Wm T Solomon N l
Memphis j F II Good, England
Thos Orglll, Memphis W T Ramsay, NT !
C M Hunter, Japan C H Beckla, h ; ( ; a 0 . ,
w L Stewart, S Paula W L "oddard \ allejo |
Miss N Claire, Cal Mrs V, I. Goddard. Cal j
T B Pheby, Oakland R N Gschwind. lal
J A Fullerton, B C C W Thompson, <.al
Mrs J A Fullerton. B C R "•'■'in. Germany
R W Tansill. Chicago Llt Klter. Germany :
Mrs R W TansiU, 111 ;
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. ;
C F Boyd. Sacto L Speer. Eureka
A Downs. Omaha G Regan. Fresno j
G A Harmon. Sta Barb P Conlon, Colusa !
J p Reynolds, Ohio C S Robertson & w, O .
A Brack. Ohio .1 L Smith Calistoga
C G Mcßae. Sacto P Boyle, Marysville
A G M Rae Sacto B Roberts, Los Ang
B Moxon, Eureka 1 I- Harvey, Stockton
LATE SHIPPING IXTKM.IGK\C K.
ARRIVED. |
Saturday, July S.
Ptmr Columbia, Green, 50 hours from Port- ,
land, and from Astoria 4 ' hours.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 24 hours from Eu
re Schr Gulden Gate, Mad-en, 21 hours from
'Ichr Nettle Sundbors. Johnson, 10 hours fm ,
FOrt RC * S - BAILED.
Saturday, July S. |
Jap rtmr Nippon Maru, Allen, Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Tillamook, Annndsen, .
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr WtiltePboro, Johnson, .
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson. Eureka.
Schr Jennie Thelin. Imberg. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS July 8, 10 r m— Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. . P
PORT LOS ANGELES— July Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco.
%AX PKDHO-Arrived July 7-Schr Laura
May* from Everett. July -Bktn Leslie D.
f ™a!>eTjUyt^mr Kestport. for San Kran-
Cl A9TORIA Sailed July B— Br ship Pegasus,
July 8-Schr |
N |__N k bIKGO-A July Schr Halcyon,
fI TOR? Ur BLAKELEY-Arrived July 8-Schrs
Peerless and Dora Bluhm. from San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAKODATE Arrived July 6— Bark Wilna,
from Cladlvostok.
PORTLAND'S HI 'SINES?.
PORTLAND, July 8. Clearings, $30.i,715; bal
ances, J74.-44.
N< >RTIIERN WHEAT MARKET.
1 iREGi '.■■.'
PORTLAND, .111. B— Wheat— Walla Walla,
.-.; C ; Bluestem, •
WASHINGT( iX.
TACOMA, .luly B.— Wheat— Unchanged ; club,
68c; Blueatem. 60c.
THE PRIX DE ROME.
Ordeal for Art Students to Undergo
to Obtain It.
A promise has been made to lodge art i
students competing for the Prix de Home \
in the Palai c at Compiegne, but it has not ■
;i s yet been kept. The ten select*
compete must meditate in cells at the
Boole _es Beaux Arts. The ordeaJ to
which competitors are subjected was be
gun to-day. They are to work in solitary
confinement during seventy-two days, but
the first thirty-six hours are the most
trying The cell is barer than any In a
monastery where the crucifix relieves the
blankness "of the walls. All the furniture
would not fetch 100 francs at the auction
mart It consists of a mattress, pillow •
and bolster, a rush mat. an easel, a chair
and a small table. There is nothing else.
As light comes from above, there is no
outlook.
The competitor is thrown completely
upon himself, but especially during the
first three days. He is then deprived of
all communication with the outside world,
and is to all intents and purposes in jail. .
The Bketch of his competing picture must
be made in that time. He may subse
; quently modify his design, but must not
i change the main features. The figures are ;
to keep their original attitudes, no figure
! in to be withdrawn and the design Is to be
I duplicated. One of the two drawings is j
sealed up and sent to a jury. The student
keeps the other. This done, the door of,
the cell is unlocked, the occupant can ko
in and out, pay but not receive visits, and
1 is free to take his meals where he pleases.
He may take his drawing to his master i
and consult with him as to the best means
of hiding general detects or enhancing I
what is meritorious by means of changes
in detail and by effects of color.
It sometimes happens that there is a
triplicate, BO that a copy may be given to i
the professor should he be- disposed to ;
work it up.. But this is against the spirit :
of the rules. In point of fact it is rare
Dot to see the master hand in the Prix de
Rome paintings when they are finished
and ready to be exhibited. The subjects j
are chosen by the jury, and generally are
classical or Historical, and demand what
! is termed here a noble style of treat
' ment. Plutarch's Tacftus and Caesar are j
the great purveyors of subjects. Scenes :
from sacred history are sometimes
chosen. There Is no more uninteresting
exhibition than that of the Prix de Home, j
Seldom, Indeed, is originality shown, or
the promise of future excellence given.
Most of the pictures are, so to speak.
choked according to recipe, wanting in
expression and crude in coloring.
To obtain a Prix de Rome enables the
student to complete his art education in
Italy at the cosi of the State. When
j there h^ lives at the Villa dc Medici, and
is under the special patronage of the
French Erabassador. The stay in Honi'3
: widens his esthetic views, and awakens
perhaps the historical sense, for Rome is
( a museum city. It is of the most service
: to students who devote themselves to re
j ligious arts and portraits. It certainly
helps them to understand Italian art 0%
] the grand period.— Paris Correspondence
London News.
Both Sorry.
A well-known New Yorker who has
just rpturnpd from Kurope tells the fol
lowing story: ,
"I was dining with an English friend
lin a Paris cafe. A young Austrian
whom I hnd mot in my travels ap
proached the table, and a short conver
sation followed between him and my
self in German. Ho soon excused him
j self and left the place. Then my Eng-
I lish friend spoke •'•»•
" 'Awfully sorry for that young chap,
don't you know.'
" 'Why?' I asked.
j " 'Because he couldn't ppeak Kngliah.'
" 'That's very odd.' I remarked, 'for
! he said to me just before he left that
j that it was a pity that you couldn't
speak anything but English.' "— New
lYork Tribune.
BAKER'S LIBERTY
OF SHORT DURATION
After hi= escape Chief Lees circulated his description among the policemen,
and all the d< t< ctives were instructed to keep a sharp lookout for him. Detect
ives Reynolds and Sullivan notified the Chief yesterday morning that they
had fin. ..l reason to believe Baker was in the Florence House. They were in
structed to make themselves certain on the point, and in a few minutes they
telephoned the Chief that he was there. The Chief detailed all the detectives
on duty to hurry to the Florence House and take all the men they came
across on the way and surround the house, so that Baker could not escape.
Inspector Morrissey, who happened to be at police headquarters, went with
them.
Men wore stationed at all the exits from the house, nnd Detectives Rey
nolds and Ed Gibson went upstairs and asked the landlady to show them to
Baker's room. He occupied No. 39, and when they opened the door Baker was
sitting on the bed reading a book. He had shaved off his heavy black beard,
which considerably altered his appearance. The entrance of the detectives
was a surprise to him, but he did not offer any resistance. He begged Rey
nolds not to put the handcuffs on him, but the detective said fie would take no
chances, and placed the bracelets <:n his wrists. The room was packed with
provisions, (showing that linker was preparing for a long siege.
The unusual number of officers at such a frequented part of the city at
such an hour, between 10 and 11 o'clock, attracted quite a crowd, and all sorts
of guesses were made as to the prisoner's identity when he appeared on the
street handcuffed to Reynolds.
Captain Dugan left for Sacramento yesterday morning in the hope that he
might come a ross Baker there, but as soon as the capture was made chief
I.ees sent dispatches to intercept him. The Chief also wired to chief Inspector
Watts. Bi ston, and received a reply, "Good. Thanks."
Inspector Morrissey said that Baker was a member of the Entries, and in
Seattle that organization provided the funds to fight his extradition. He was
expelled from the organization abdut a mouth ago and the tight was aban
doned. Chief Lees said he was satisfied that Baker's escape was planned be
fore he left the City Prison Thursday evening, and he lias a strong suspicion
thai Baker was assisted and protected by a fraternal body since his arrival
in this city. Baker will probably leave for Boston to stand his trial to-day.
SAYS LETTER
WAS ALTERED
New Version of Car
ranza's Expulsion.
GEORGE F. BELL'S AFFIDAVIT
DECLARES THE SPANISH EPIS
TLE WAS CHANGED.
Chief Wilkie Denies the Sensational
Story, and Avows That Bell
Was Never in His
Employ.
SDecial Dispatch to The Can.
MONTREAL.. July B.— strange sequel
to the theft of the letter written here by
Lieutenant Carranza, attache of the
! former Spanish legation at Washington,
to his cousin, a Spanish admiral, at the
! beginning of the war, has Just appeared, j
i George Frederick Bell has made an am- 1
j davit; dated Waterloo. July 4, that the
! letter submitted by the United States
i Government to the British Government
i which resulted in the deportation of Lieu-
Tenant Carranza and Senor Dubosc from
Canada was an altered copy. 1 urther, he
swears that he stole the letter jrWch Car
rin 7 a wrote took it to Washington and :
gave it to Chief Wllkie, who had it trans
lated It proved to be quite harmless.
and. according to Mr. Bell, experts were
sent for who distorted Us meaning and
who then made changes in the orig.nal
C As rn a Z result? r Lieutenant Carranza and |
Senor Dubosc were deported from Canada, .
and on their arrival in London an action i
S! damages for expulsion from Canada ;
; without J»st cause was Hit ered ajyi. Ist
Eifli £2
S \lr ßell says in his affidavit that being ]
lntile United States at the beginning of
1 Ihe war he read a lot about the spy sys
tem of the Spaniards in Canada, and
was riven a letter to Detective Kellert
nf Montreal telling him to use him if
necessary as he was an American and ;
had ,1 -• work for Washington before
! After telling of the theft of the letter
from Carranza's house here. Bell adds:
fr took the train at St. Lambert that
leaves Montreal at 6:05 and arrived in
i New York Sunday morning, May -J. 1
tefegraphed to Chief Wilkie to be at tho
station to meet me. and crossed over to
jersey City and took the train for Wash
-1 ington. Wilkie was at the station and we
took a cab to the hotel/ I thought he
would upbraid me for taking the utter:
but he did not. He examined it asked
questions and telegraphed to New Tork." ;
Bell swears that In Washington he met |
Chief Wilkie. Don Gonzalo Quesada and j
- an expert, penman named Cavanna, Que- .
sada translated Carranza's letter, and t
was then copied, but the copies al
tered and distorted. Bell swears that \\ .1
kie would pay Him no money. He then
threatened to expose the affair if not paid. ,
Wilkie replied: "Go ahead— you will only
be arrested for theft and get seven yearn.
WASHINGTON. July S.-"The wholo
thing is rot. Some one has sold a -Mon
treal paper a gold brick."
This was Chief Wilkie"s comment wivn
It gave him the substance of the story
alleging that the Carranza letter h,nd been
i q\\ ered.
"There never was such a" man in mv
i employ in Montreal, and I do not know th»
' man spoken of as Cavanna, either. -'
Sen. ir Quesada declared the story ab
i surd when I saw him to-nigrht. ' I never
saw the Carranza letter." said Quesada,
I "except as it was,* printed in the newspa
pers at the time. I did not know Chief
Wilkie then or until a long time after
' ward. In fact. I have seen him only once
1 to know who he is, and that was when I
: called on him about two weeks ago to
speak to him about a man who was seek
ing employment in the secret service. '
Illegal Registration alleged.
CARSOX CITY, July S.— The contpst for
the Governorship of Nevada camp up
*galn in the Supreme Court this morn
Defaulting Boston
Cashier Again in
the Toils.
WII/LARD E. BAKER, the de
faulting cashier of the Adams
Express Company, Boston,
Mass.. who escaped from Cap
tain Dugan and Inspector Morrissey at
the ferry Thursday evening, was recap
tured yesterday morning in the Flor
ence House, corner of Ellis and Powell
streets, and taxen to the City Prison to
await his departure for Boston.
ing. All the ballots 'if the State uave '
been inspected in open court. Of the
ballots to which no objections have been
Intel posed Sadler had 3034 and McMillan
2077. giving Sadler a majority of 57. These |
are to be passed upon by the Supreme
Court. McMillan objected to :i7:: and Sad
ler to 546. To-day's session was occupied
by the introduction of Washoe County i
testimony on the part of Sadler, who en- ]
deavored to prove illegal registration in
Washoe County. Register Agent LJnn
testified that other per-; >ns attended to
the registration books during his illness. :
Testimony was introduced to prove that
persons outside of Reno Precinct regis
tered there. The ease will be resumed on
Tuesday and will occupy several days.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DE YOUNG— A. S.. City. Charles de
Foung met his death In this city, April
23 1880.
AUTOMOBILE— W. F. P., City. Auto
mobile is pronounced as if written O-toe
mow-Deel.
FIGURES— C. F. R., City. The words
eleven hundred thousand dollars are given
in figures by $1,100,000.
A LANDLORD'S RIGHT— O. M. In the
absence of any agreement a landlord may
at any time increase the rent for his
premises.
EL PASO MALO— W., Philo, Cal. "The
lm.l pass." referring to a mountain pass,
Is expressed in Spanish by the words, "el
paso malo."
WOOD— E. A. D., City. For information
about collections of wood address the
curator of the museum in Golden Gate
Park, San Francisco.
TO PORTLAND— E, R. HL, Colfax, Cal. j
The rate of fare by steamer from San
Francisco and Portland, Or., is first-class
$12 and second-class $8.
FRUIT GROWING— N., California. The!
bulletins of the experimental station at \
the University of California are devoted
to fruit growing and agriculture.
NOT A SUMMER RESORT— E. L. R..
City. The springs at Piedmont are no
longer a summer resort and have not been
since the hotel at that point was destroy
ed by fire.
WOMAN'S EXCHANGE— W. L. 8.,
Quartz, Cal. Th^re was a Woman's Ex- !
change in San Jose, but it went out of j
existence some time ago. There is none
at Palo Alto.
A SPANISH COIN J. H. S.. City. The!
rios real piece of the reign of CarolUS 111 ;
of Spain. 1775. does not command a pre
mium. Such in the very best condition
sells for 65 cents.
A TANK— J. 8.. City. At the Free LI- \
brary there is a book called Hasswell's
that pives the rules for computing the
time for a tank to empty Itself, sifce of
tank and outlet being given.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA— E. F. j
D. . Dixon, Cal. The news of the admis
sion of California into the Union of States
was brought by the steamer Oregon,
which entered San Francisco harbor Oc- !
tober 18, ISSO.
THE STRATHDOX-C, Media, Pa. The
British bark Strathdon, Captain Walker,
sailed from San Francisco June 10, 1S9;1, j
with a cargo of 1 ..">2l ,00<) lumber and 20 \
centals of beans. She is bound for Liver
pool without port of call.
NO PREMIUMS— A Subscriber, City.
In the list of coins submitted there are
none that command a premium, unless
it is a quarter of 185. 1 ! Without arrows at
date and rays around the eagle, and $5
in,.,,, with E Pluribus on the reveille.
ALAMEDA COUNTS TNFIRMARY—
M., City. What on this side of the bay is
called a county hospital is in Alairieda
County called a county infirmary. That
Institution is located on the road to San
Leandro, five miles from Oakland.
NICARAGUA— H.. California. For in
formation about Nicaragua, Its lands and
inducements offered to settlers, address
a communication to William 1,. Merry,
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plen
ipotentiary, at Managua, Nicaragua.
OLD COINS— 8., Benicia. Cal. There
are a number of coin catalogues which
you can procure through any dealer in
books. There is no premium on a half
dollar of 1853, unless it be one without ar
rows at date and rays around the eagle;
nor is there one on a cent of 1556.
OVERPAID TAXES— A Poor Widow,
City. If you have paid more taxes than
you should have, you should call on the
Tax Collector and lay the case before
him. If you cannot get satisfaction, then
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fl? Ih h Medical Treatment
I I\CjC For Weak Men
Who are Willing to Pay When Convinced of Cure*
*TW SCIENTIFIC combined medical and
•v *& M mechanical cure has been discovered
"^&>. /£// * " for "Weakness of Men." Its success
«l»ikS. /kV/ has been so startling that the proprietors
eCf&J? now announce that they will send it on
■flfckX >- ::; N2yy trial— remedies and appliance— without ad-
vaace payment— to any honest man. It not
%S%^fe ) all that is claimed— all you wish— send it
j[ jp%t/ J / back — ends — pay nothing.
A '^nV J A This combined treatment creates health,
/iCy Jl strength, vitality, sustaining powers, and
/ INj^JN^ restores weak and undeveloped portions to
/ J J~ : fj&^ " \/J%£± natural functions.
X^yTlefi^ >JSZJ There is no C. O. D. extortion, no de-
Ay^J^^^^^^^^^-^^^ ception of any nature in this offer.
/^^^^^C^^V^^Trrt^cCrt^ If you arc interested and in earnest write
i^^^^^&^M^m your name and address in the blank form
V£UPin» w Dov/Pur' v Vg^Jg^Eiy below, cut out the coupon and mail it to
r^^ UK - ■ tom !<■»' Erie Medical Co.. Buffalo, N. Y.
ERIE MEDICAL CO.,
66 NIAGARA ST., EUFFALO, N. Y.
— A' per statement in San Francisco Call you may ma l to
roe, under plain letter seal, postals paid, full explanation of your new
system of furnishing your Appliance and Remedies to reliable men on
trial and approval without expense — no payment to be made in
advance — no cost of any kind unless treatment proves successful and
entirely satisfactory. Also mail scaled, tree, your new medical book
for men.
Give name and , •
address in full.
Please write very "
plainly. (39) mmm
...........»•••«.»«••
your course would be to secure the ser
vices of a reputable attorney, who will
take the necessary steps to secure your
rights.
A PREMIUM COIN— A. S., San Jose.
: Cal. A $3 piece of I*C>»> commands a pre
mium of from 25 cents to $1, acording to
■ state of preservation. Dealers demand
\ an advance of from $1 50 to $2 50.
PLEDGE— S., City, and O. 11., Veter
ans' Home. Cal.— The rate of interest that
a pawnbroker may charge is 2 per cent, i
and the time that he is required to re
tain an article pledged before lie can sell
thr same because of non-payment of in- j
| terest is six months.
INMAN-NEGRO— G. E. P., Fruitvale,
Cal. A noun that describes any of the
r;n es is always capitalized in writing or
printing, as Cau< ian. European, Afri
; can, Malay, and so forth, but negro, which
is an adjective and signifies black, is writ
; ten or printed with a small n.
THE SEA c,i;i,L— D. W. L., Petaluma, j
CaL The registers show that there is a I
steamer called the Soa Gull, a tug, nin
ning "'it nf New York. H> r measure
ments are: Length, 147.-: breadth, 33.1,
and depth. 12. Her tonnage is 200. Horse
power and speed is not Riven.
THE AMERICAN COLORS— Subscriber,
Sacramento, Cal. The American colors
aro red, white and blue, and in decorat
ing with bunting- the red should be the
leading color. If. as suggested in the
letter of Inquiry, the blue should be the
leading: color, then it would br the French
tricolor, which is blue, white and red.
VOLUNTEERS— B.. Suisun. Cal. For !
positive information as to whether those
who volunteered during the Spanish- '
American war and wore sent with reg i
lars will be sent home at the same time '
that other volunteers are address a
communication to the War Department at
Washington, D. C.
COPYRIGHT— E. F. D., Dixon. Cal. To
obtain full and complete instructions as
to how t" copyright a l"iik or a song, ad
dress a communication to the Librarian
of Congress, Washington, D. C. He will
send you a circular of information and if
you follow the instructions therein you
will make no mistake.
A SENTENCE— Subscriber, Healds
burgr, Cal. The following sentence, i iie
trouble waa between us— jne singing the
wrong words and him sinking the wrong
] notes," is not good English. The other Is
fetter: "The trouble was between us— l
singing the wrong words and lie the
wrong notes."
THE DRUIDS— S., City. This depart
. Mont does not know of any such organi
zation as that named in the letter of in
quiry. It there is such it is a private
concern and this department could nut
advertise it. For Information about the
United Ancient <>rder of Druids apply to
John M. Graves, the grand secretary, at
i Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street.
SHOEMAKERS' MAXIMS— E.. City.
: The following is probably what you desire
• to know when you ask for shoemakers'
maxims, based on the way shoes wear
, out:
"Worn on the side, soon a rich man's bride,
Worn on the toes, spends as he goes.
Worn on the heel, thinks a great deal,
j "Worn on the vamp, he's surely a scamp.
JOURNALISTIC WORK— G. E. H.,
■ City. One who wishes to engage In Jour
nalistic work has an opportunity to shine
: in any large city of the United States.
provided he has the ability. !f the aspir
ant is a bright writer and has a thorough
knowledge Of newspaper work he will
have no difficulty rinding employment in
any large city. First class newspaper
men are, like poets, born such, and are
| not made.
POLL TAX— J. H. J.. Woodland. Cal.
The fact that a man was discharged from
| the United States army last March, after
having served during the Spanish-Ameri
can war, does not in the State of Callfor
• nia exempt him from the payment of
; poll tax this year. The constitution of the
'. State provides what exemptions there are.
■as follows: Male inhabitants under
i 21, male inhabitants over 60. paupers,
idiots, insane persons and Indians.
THE PANAMA LINE— A. S. Hodson,
Calaveras. Cal. The steamers between
■ San Francisco and Panana leave on the
! Bth. 18th and 2Sth of each month unless
i these dates fall on Sunday, when the
sttamers leave on the following days.
; The voyage between points is between
i twenty and twenty-one days. From
Colon to New York the trip is made in
i about seven days. For additional infor
mation address the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company, San Francisco.
EARTHQUAKES-A. F. S.. Santa Bar
( bara, Cal. This department has not the
space to record all the shocks of earth
quake that have been felt in San Fran
cisco, as they number something tike 330.
The following extremely heavy shocks
have been experienced: May 1?>. 1861; Jan
i vary 2. 1856; February 15, 1X56, and May
124. isfi.". The destructive quakes were on
• the following dates: IW9. month and day
I not given; October 8, 1865, and October 21.
18G8.
POSTOFFICE EXAMINATION— A. S..
City. Any one desiring to undergo civil
i service examination for positions in the
postofflce department Should write to the
secretary of the board of examiners at
the postofflce in which they wish employ
i mpnt. Due notice of the time and place
i of examination will be furnished each ap
plicant. If the correspondent will state
in what branch of the Civil service he
destrea to make application, information
as to rules and regulations will be fur
i nished; but this department has not the
i space to lay down all the rules and regu
lations.
SEVEN YEARS' ABSENCE-Subscrib
er, City. It is a presumption of law r.hat
if a married woman does not hear from
| her husband for a period of seven years
and during that time has not been sup
| ported by him that iie .s dead. Should the
woman at the expiration of that time
marry again and the first husband subse
quently appears, proof of the fact that
she did not hear from him for seven
years would be a good defense to an ac
tion for bigamy, is; a case of that Kind
it would a.' way? be nest for a woman to
apply for a divorce on the gTOund of de
sertion.
COIN QUESTIONS— A. E. M., City, F.
C. and E. C, Alameda, and Subscriber,
City. A 50-cent piece of 1863, unless it be
one without arrows at the side of ihe data
and without rays around the eagle, rloea
not command a premium. A half-dollar
of IS3S is not a premium coin. Half-dol
lar pieces of that date sell for 7"> ci ni ; .
Five-dollar pieces coined after 1834 do not
command a premium. The selling price
of a $5 piece of lSftt is $7 50 to $8 50. No
premium is offered for a $2 ."0 piec-; of
IST'.i. A quarter of a dollar of the da!
1853 with arrows at the date is worth 25
cents.
IRISH LANGUAGE— C. A.. City. The
ancient language of the Irish w
Celtic origin and it is so recorded in his
tory. The old Irish tongue, also called
the <;aelic, belongs in common to the
Irish and the Scotch, and in proof o1 this
it is only necessary to state that tha
speech of the peasantry of Argyle is read
ily understood In Donegal. Grammar
dictionaries of the Jrisn tongue hav<
prepared for the use of those who wish to
study ancient literature, for large num
bers of manuscripts in the Irish languaga
ar. still extant.
CRIMEAN' AVAR— T. E. 0.. City. The
Crimean war opened by the declaration of
war by Turkey against Russia. October
, r i 1514.' The first act of war was by the
Turkish fortress at Issakocha firing on a
Russian flotilla October 23. 1853. Russia
declared war against the Turks Novemb< r
! 1853 and France and England declared
war against Russia March 27-28, 1854. Tho
treaty of peace was concluded at Paris,
France, March 30, ISr>»s. and the proclama
tion of peace was announced in the Crimea
April 2 and in London April 20. 1866. Tho
Crimea was evacuated July '.>. 1866.
HORSE. DOG AND RABBIT— Torr.
Moro, Or. There never has hern a rec
ord of a race against time hv "horse, dog
and rabbit for a quarter of a mile." nor
is it possible to arrange sucn a race, as
the dog and rabbit cannot be controlled
to follow a course that would be taken by
a horse guided by his rider. Which would
cover the greatest distance in the time
that it would take a first .lass horse to
covei a quarter of a mile would depend
on the conditions, but generally speaking
it is safe to say that for a quarter of a
mile a horse will beat a dog, and a dog a
rabbit.
NATIVE DATTGHTERS-T. E.. West
side Cal For admission to the Native
Daughters of the Golden West the appli
cani must be a native of tbe state m[
California, not under is years ol age;
must be recommended by two members
of ihe parlor she desires to join and she
mi.-t be known personally by such spon
sors for six months prior to the applica
tion. The initiation fee varies in various
parlors but it cannot lie less than $2 50.
In addition then is the medical exami
ner's fee °f $i 50 an d three months' due 3
in advance. The dues are regulated in
each parlor by the parlor itself, but in
no parlor is it less than ,"0 cents.
A PERSONAL MATTER E. N.. Oak
land Cal. It is purely a personal matter
whether a lady says to a gentleman en
parting company, after having met him
for the first time. "I am pleased to have
met you"; the same with the gentleman.
Neither is required to make use of the
words unless really pleased to have be
come acquainted. It' neither is pleased
etiquette does not require either party to
tell an untruth, but politeness requires
that on parting the parti' s should bow or
pass the time of day. as "good day,"
"good afternoon" or "good evening." as
the time may suggest. If a lady, on being
introduced, hears the phrase from the
other party. "I am pleased to meet you,'
and she does not care to continue the ac
quaintance, she should simply bow and
then enter into general conversation, so
as not to appear rude.
CANNING FRUIT— W. B. C, Watson
vllle, Cal. The first great art in canning
fruit is to seal hermetically the vessel m
which it is placed so a> to exclude the- air.
Heat is used to vaporise all air that may
be in the inteistices between the fruit, so
that the natural juices and the solid mat
ter alone remain in the can. After the
fruit is cleaned a syrup should be pre
pared by adding one pound or half a
pound of sugar, as the fruit may be more'
or less acid, to a pint of water. The syrup
is placed in a suitable vessel (clean cop
per Is the best) and it is allowed to coma
gradually to a boil. Then there is put In
as much" fruit as the syrup will cover and
the whole is allowed to come to a boiling
pitch. The fruit is then removed ana
placed in the cans and filled to the edge
with syrup, and the cover Is then put on
as quickly as possible. Some then plica
the cans in a bath of boiling water and
make a small hole in the top of the can.
and when the water comes to a boil tint
heats the contents of the can and forces
out the air, and then the small hole is
soldered. -
POSTAGE STAMPS— V. R.. City. In
what is known as the "language of post
ape stamps" if the stamp placer] on the
envelope is inverted on the upper right
hand corner it means that the person
written tc la to write no more. If in
verted on the upper left hand corner it
n'tn.is that the writer declares affection
for the receiver of the letter. If tho stamp
ia in the center at the top that means
an affirmative to the question or a ques
tion as the i ase may he. When at the
bottom in the center it means a negative
If the stamp la at right angles with the
envelope, upper right hand corner, it
means "Does the receiver love the send
er?" If in the left hand corner it mo.ins
thai the writer hates the other. The
stamp placed diagonally on the upper
right hand corner means that the writer
desires in* &cqoamta»se of the receiver,
find if placed in o similar position on the
left hand coraer it means "I desire your
friendship." To place the stamp on a line
with the- surname means on the part of
the writer "Accept my love." If the party
to whom the letter is addressed Is al
ready engaged the answer is Riven by
plai'iusr the stamp in the same position
but reversing it. Any number of com
binations enn be made by correspondents.
The post clerks who have to cancel the
stamps say that when the stamps are
placed on any part of the envelope ex
cept the right upper corner it means tnat
the writers are giving the mail elerka a
great deal of unnecessary trouble.OAKLAND AND SUBURBS
MILLER WHS
ONCE OPPOSED
BY THE MAYOR
H. N. Morse Enters
the Arena.
HAS A CAMPAIGN LETTER
MR. SNOW ONCE SAID, "HE IS
TOO EXPENSIVE."
The Whole Trouble Caused by Some
Politicians to Whom Miller
Lends a Too Willing
Ear.
Call,
: ■
A political sensation was sprung to-day
when ) fairy X. Morse, an ex-Sheriff of
this county, made public some brief cor
respondence he had witli Mayor Snow
prior to election. It explains the whole
situation at the City Hal!.
About a month before the election Mr.
Morse wrote to Mr. Snow; Then Auditor,
asking him that if M. K. .Miller. Superin
tendent of Streets, wen- defeated for City
Engineer, would !;•■ (Snow); is Mayor,
vote to reinstate Mr. Miller In his present
position.
Mr. Snow's reply was ■written on the
Fame sheet of paper and returned to Mr.
Morse. The complete reply was: "No, he
Is too expensive. Would try to lind a bet
ter man. R. W. S."
The Mayor does not show any desire to
discuss this mutter further than to say
■that he had much correspondence with
Mr. Morse, and. that the published letter
Is doubtless one of the many that passed
between them. Mr. Snow, while not v. •I -
coming the publication at this time, says
that if it has been produced with the in
tention of trying to Induce him to depose
Mr. Miller, it will probably have the op
posite effect. -
The Mayor considers that the Miller in
cident has received altogether too much
attention from people who affect to be his
friends. Mr. Snow is on record as saying
that he would probably take favorable
action on Mr. Dow's resolution to re-elect
Mr. Miller when the question shall have
been discussed in committee of the whole.
One of Mr. Miller's very strongest polit
ical friends and supporurs said this after
noon: "I have advised Miller many times
not to stir up this fuss. Miller is a splen
«iid Street Superintendent, but an abso
lute child at the game of politics. The
Mayor in his reports has shown that Mr.
Miller has conducted his office on a busi
nesslike basis, and it is very impolitic to
try t" jam the Mayor into voting for Mr.
Miller after h« has" stated that Mr. Miller
is in office and that there is no intention
of removing him."
Aiameda News Notes.
\. July S.— The members of
arranging
Home at Yountville
A. G •". senior vice comm i
n of the Sons of
rganize ■ a
camp ■ this
'■'. At
m the
■ ■!■-. 1404 P
•
V. . H. Full
- lit!! hrts •
■ •
meda was the first
kind, but
. ■ • ■ ■ • enforce it.
9 No Liquors — just <
4 Good Groceries \
{ Tea — You want good tea^
{and 3-011 want to economize. *
9 We don't give trading^
{stamps, nor prize tickets
{but give you value and^
{quality in tea — just pure*
{tea — and make our profit^
{in the quantity we sell you.*
{ We strive to keep down^
{prices and keep up. quality^
{in groceries. »
*H-O Mush 2 pkgs 25c)
\ Right for breakfast. . Keg. 15c pkg. .
?Germea 4 lb pkg 15c]
t Staple and usually 20c pkg. . 7
f Tomales 3 cans 25cf
4 Boneless. Kapp & Street's. ' 4
iNot Boneless 4 cans 25ci
•^Baking Powder lb 30c{
X Cleveland's— reg. 38c.
Eureka Hams lb life!
9 Morrell'a eastern— sweet, {
A tender and juicy. d
iNew Brazil Nuts lb 10ci
\ A surprise in fresh nuts.
{Ginger Snaps :......lb 10 c
9 American Biscuit Cos. Both snap (
A and ginger up to standard, reg. 15c. .
jGraham Crackers lb 10c\
* American Biscuit Co's . "
A fresh full Graham. Reg. 15c. /
i Early Breakfast Coffee 15cj
» If you paid 75 eta for it '
9 you'd be satisfied. '
lb pkg 1 0c|
A Sstisfactory as a beverage. a
f Satisfactory substitute for coffee. •
< Family Flour 50-lb sk 50d
A Snow Fall— A good white flour. 4
Steel-cut Oatmeal iolbs 35ci
1 "Steel-cut" oatmeal takes a little
Q longer.ta cook lhan ordinary oat- I
» meal but the difference in result .
§ will repay those- who ike oats in ' I
» its best iorm- not "pasty" like ,
f rolled oats. A
Chimneys ...4c^
A Largrest size— Pure flint glass, clear >
V and perfect. Usually sold at ioc. ." 9
fMajor Grey Chutney. ...4so^
A The best East India brand. ■'
T Regularly 65c. ■ ▼
jNotox bot sc*
f Wild Cherry Phosphate. ft
\ A healthful summer beverage. »
?Tea : Ib33c
r All of our regular 45c quality — . I
A (irceu. Oolong, Eng. Breakfast, J
" Uncolored Japan. ' ((
$ EIGHT SAVING STORES: {
g m Market St. S.F. 1311 Polk fit. S. F. A
7 1080 Washiaston, Oak Bhattuck At, Berkeley X
A 9th k Washington. " Central At, Alamed* 4
9 I 12th ft l?.th At, •' 7th * Wood. Oak \
PUBLIC MORGUE
MAY PROVE TO
BE EXPENSIVE
Dr. Mehrmann Also
Has an idea.
WILL DEMAND DEPUTIES
SUPERVISORS WILL VOTE TO
CUT HIS BILLS.
The Morgue and Its Surroundings
Suddenly Occupies a Promi
nent Place in Poli
tics.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, .I'.;!y v
Coroner Mehrmann Is not anxious to be
auties of providing a
Morgue. He is the first Coroner who has
publicly expressed himself as. beinK op
posed tii what Is undoubtedly one of the
choici si perquisites of the Coroner's
■
Next Monday District Attorney Allen
will present to the Supervisors his report
regarding the establishment of a county
Morgue. He will say that there is no
doubt whatever regarding th« authority
of th( county to establish a Morgue, if it
consider such a step desirable. He is not
sure, however, that the Coroner can be
forced to use the Morgue provided by the
county If it does not please him to do so.
Dr. "Mehrmann declares he will be per
fectly willing to accept the use of a pub
lic Morgue should "the county provide one,
but — . The Coroner also says that with
the Morgue there must be a proper num
ber of deputies, proper furnishings,
proper accommodations and a proper
Morgue wagon and horses. ,In other
words; the Morgue will cost the county,
should Coroner Mehrmann have his way.
about three time? as much as it now
costs under the system of permitting the
Coroner to locate the Morgue wherever he
sees fit.
Before election Dr. Mehrmann frequent
ly stated that he wanted the Morgue to
be free of any man's private undertak
ing the establishment. He favored a pub
lic Morgue all the time. In an interview
he says: "If one be provided for me, 1
shall 'insist on getting the things that
ought to go with it. One of these Is a
horse" and d. ad wagon. Besides the
Morgue room proper, there must be an in
quest room of suitable size and a parlor
for the accommodation of visitors. I want
two deputies, also, for one man cannot do
the bard work of lifting bodies in and out
of the wagon." .
An estimate of the conduct of a public
Morgue 'for this 'county has been made
as follows: In addition to the original
cost of about $3000 for Morgue, horses,
wagon and furniture. .
Falary of chief deputy. $100 per mo — $1200 01
Salary of assistant deputy, ??."> per m 0... 900 00
Maintenance of horse, per month SIS — 21 00
Water bill '"' CO
Gns- ill -•* "■
Material for Morgue, Ice, drugs, instru
m.-ms, etr 100 00
Cost of Coroner's office from last County
Clerk's report fifvt9 *S
Total : : W"9 3S
These figures raise the cost of the
Morgue and •oner to a sum far higher
than this branch of the county govern
ment Is supposed to cost.
The Auditing Committee of th-> Supervi
sors met this morning and It was decided
to deduct $2 from each bill presented lor
the burial of the bodies, i'he Coroner
contends that he Is entitled to this lee,
but the county expert advises otherwise,
and if Dr. Mehrmann is not satisrted his
only recourse is to take the matter into
the" courts. _____
NOBLE WORK OF WOMEN.
Mutual Benefit Club Will Open Its
New Home To-Morrow Evening.
OAKLAND, July S. — The cozy new home
of the Mutual Benefit Club, at 1119 Jeffer
son street will be thrown open for the
benefit of self-supporting women next
Monday night. The club, which has been
in existence about two \ears. is an auxil
iary of the Young Woman's Christian
•ion.
Its object is to give lessons in dress
iniihih?. cooking, stenography, bookkeep
ing, mi sic. etc. Membership, costing $1
ear, entitles members to all privi
legea "i the hon-n-. The rent, which can
hardly be rnei by dues, is paid by some of
iii.- prominent local merchants and buni
tnc-n, who have generously sub-
Bcribed. Among these are Taft <\L- Pen
. Abrahamson Bros., M. <"apwell, M.
S. Smith & .-^'i;;;. Agard & Co., John j.\
Maxwell, Dr. (.'. O. Edwards, r>. Edward
Collins, Dr. R. H. Chamberlain, Salinger
Bros. & Espeland.
Miss Edith Larkey of 1520 Franklin
nt of the club and among
ioard of directotrs are Miss Mabel
Mabel Berry, Mrs. K. S. Kiich-
Vi:-~ Louise de Fremery, Miss Edith
Miss Sutherland, Miss Russell, Miss
N. Stevens, Mis. t '. N. Armea Jr., Mrs.
William Morrison and Mrs. 11. S. Kergan.
Were Wedded at Sacramento.
OAKLAND, July v . Rev. William
Kelly, pastor of the First Lutheran
!] at Sixteenth and Grove streets,
rned this evening with his bride. Last
Thursday rh>- pastor ami Miss Lillie K.
Felts of New Y>.rk w <■•!••■ quietly married
at Sa< ramento, Rev. W. S. Hoskinson
officiating. Rev. Mr. Kelly came to this
city some mouth? ago from Philadelphia
< t'i accept the present pastorate and Miss
Felts, to whom he had become engaged
■ his departure for this coast, re
cently came to Sacramento.
May Test Liquor Ordinance.
OAKLAND, July B.— C. L. Nelson, driver
for the West Berkeley Brewery, was ar-
I to-day by License Inspector Ma
ioon on a charge of Belling beer from his
! wagon to private parties in violation of
• liquor ordinance. The brewery
hi ye heretofore always made vigor
i ova opposition to paying a municipal
license, and some time ago ihe inspector
made several arrests similar to the one
: of note, l»'H the cases have never reached
a final determination. Nelson's case may
X st ih€ law.
Figures on Postoffice Site.
OAKLAND, July S.-J. AY. Roberts.
special agent of the Ignited States Gov
ernment, hi the matter of reporting on a
site for the proposed new Postoißce build
iiiK. to-day secured from City Auditor
Breed th< assessment on the sites offered.
figures will be forwarded to Wash
ington and put Bide by side with the val
ues placed on the sites offered for sale
t>> the Government. The prices range
from $30,000 for th'- Bite on Jefferson streei,
between Eighth and Ninth, to $I<m
-000 for the property bounded by Eleventh.
Twelfth. Webster and Harrison streets.
His Only Heirs in Switzerland.
OAKLAND, July B.— Public Administra
tor B. < '. Hawea in-. lav petitioned f of let
tejs on the ''state of Alphonse <J. Vogrel,
who died intestate at the City of Mexico
in August, l s ''~. Laving three lots in
Brooklyn township, the value of which is
unknown. Bo far aa can be ascertained
thr' uiiy heirs are Christian and Clara
Vojjel, r' l^ l '"'* " f deceased, residing- in
Ganoa, Switzerland. Deceased was a resi
dent of Alameda County.
New Church for Melrose.
OAKLAND, July B.— The Baptists of
Melrose .ire soon to have ;t house of wor
ship. A contract has just been let for
the erection of a church bunding at a cost
of $1000 and work is to be commenced im
medlately. The edifice will stand on a lot
donated to the mission by the railroad
company, located on Clark street near
High.
Deatli of Advertising Agent.
OAKLAND. July R.— John Mitchell, a
newspaper advertising solicitor, died at
the East Bay Sanitarium to-day after
about one week's illness. Deceased was
aped about forty years and leaves a
widow.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1599.
OFFICIAL VALUE OF
ALAMEDA COUNTY
.• Oakland Office" San Francisco Call, £■;
■0 ' • ' 90S Broadway, July 8. «
i* County Assessor Dal ton completed the assessment rolls of the whole *©
0 county this afternoon. They will be turned over to the Board of Supervisors v
8 on Monday, at which time the board will pit as equalizers., _ £
0 The totals show a reduction of less than half a million from last year ■ «
gS figures for the whole county. The assessed value of Oakland is about *SW.OOQ £
<> less than last year, but this has been ofTset by a raise of nearly $400.0001n the 8?
•S balance of the county. The total assessment last year was $&i,i47,4uv. gj
S The official figures are as follows: • • ■ ' io
> Oakland
• San Leanuro
i Eden Township
' Murray Township
' Oakland Township
> Washington Township
» Brooklyn Township
' Alameda Township
' Berkeley
: Emeryville
> Hay wards
• Pleasanton
I Livermore
i
DISTRICT.
I 2 275,230 I $ 1,252,72".
168.200 61. .'.''»
2.701.325 47f..E00
2.664.77:. 461.325
724.50) 268.
3.132.500 485,625
1,819,825 696.225
■ 406.425 • ; s!«.o<"i'J
672. 525 I 239,275
■ 116.725 ' 27,400
187,460 : 46.350
38.775 17.275
36,700 31,950
$14,945,675 % 4,127,000
S3 ops
3 - ~
SS3|
a rrl
;'-■ =
: •< ?
Si
c c
3 *
-o
jr
it
; ri
' $21,196,275 j
' 32.7.400 ;
61,110
2 350
376.
• 168,875
1.471,350 ■
5,340,275 !
3,318.275
272,975
219,750
i 50. 600
156,425
»32,973,775 !
$21
1
5
3
$32
c =
? 1>
3
w 0
5T O
: Z
: *
1,156,27,
323, 40-
-61 ,10
2 35'
376,51
163,87
1.471.95'
5,340.27,
3,318,27
272.97
219,75
80.601
156,42
2,973,77.
\%
Ia
. S _ -•
era
r3
* o
75 i $13,418,325
50 I 265.623
CO 88,725
,0 ■ 3.700
25 184,650
75 196,675
50 j 763 C.">o
75 I 41!*, 200
75 2,639,775
75 175.125
50 227,850
jo 113.675
25 221.77.-,
75 ! $22,390,650
' I 1
S-o
v; "*
! : *3 •
'• ri
: 3
• o
: a
$ 3.222.
M.950
335,575
230,975
1C:1,675
694, 500
188,175
644.875
409.775
63.F.25
72.625
58,300
81,200
$ 6,513,950
It I
"■ : 5 • §
: o O
' : S$
3 : I
' $!2,211.625 : O
92U550 S.?
■ 3,615,525 £
3.3r.6.22> n.
1,fi62.560 *
4.640.073 Q
5,192.275 2*
10.659,450 a
0.025 Jl
Rf,6,C00 «g
755.475 V
310,12' '*•
649,550 O
•o
$81,821,2.-0 O
g
I Totals
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, July B.— Judge Ogden has
j discharged the trial jurors and on next
Monday a new panel will be drawn In
Judge Hall's court.
Charles G. Yale of this city has been
appointed superintendent of the mining
exhibit by the Paris Exposition Commis
sion, while Ij. A. Emlay has been ap
pointed superintendent of the horticultu
ral display.
E. C. Fellows Lodge No. 143, Brother
hood of Locomotive Firemen, and Golden
State Lodge No. 115, Ladies' Auxiliary,
will give a joint social dance at Magnolia
Hall on Seventh street the latter part of
this month.
The Golden Gate Improvement Club has
recommended Johnson Young to Mayor
Snow for the appointment of guardian of
the patrol district.
\V. F. Vogt, a San Francisco plumber,
I was arraigned in the Police Court to-day
for violating the plumbing ordinance. His
case was Bet for trial for July 15.
Harris Rossen, a soldier, was convicted
in the Police Court to-day on a charge
of petit larceny in stealing a pair of
shoes from William Saperstein. He had
subpenaed a shoe clerk from San Fran
cisco to prove he purchased the shoes, but
failed. He will be sentenced next ilon-
day.
The "Oakland Orphans." n well-Known
male club of forty-eight voices, resume*
its weekly rehearsals on Monday. The
second concert of the season will probably
be given the latter part of Beptember.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July s.— A committee con
sisting of Professors Wlckson, Lough
ridge, Davy, Bloletti, Colby, Shiiin, Wood
worth and Fowler has been busily en
gaped to-day in caring for some hundred
guests from the Agriculturist Ex]
Cdnvention at Han Francisco. The dele
gates spent the afternoon in roaming
about the campus and inspecting the
equipment of the university.
The newly organized Republican Club
lias secured quarters In the Lancaster
block, which will be fitted up and ktpt
open during the coming campaign.
Librarian's Report.
BERKELEY, July S.— The annual re
port of Librarian Moore of the Berkeley
Public Library shows a flourishing condi
tion in its affairs. Over 51,000 volume;
were drawn from the library during the
year and 138,123 persons visited tin reading
looms. There are now 7009 bound volumes
• ii th" shelves, and 5749 curds have beXsn
Ifcfued.
The report shows a balance in the treas
ury of $1708 31. as against $1324 89 at the
beginning of the fiscal year.
Wilkie Is Dying.
OAKLAND. July S.— Alfred Wilkie. the
well-known tenor, has been given up by
Ids physicians and his death is hourly
expected. This afternoon he appeared to
realize that death was near and bade
farewell to his family and asked to see
a few. friends. No one holds out any
l]oi)e of his recovery.
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.
Humor Produced by Efforts of the
Intelligent Compositor.
The intelligent compositor is something
"f a humorist, and not always an ttneon-
scious humorist either. Some of his great
est feata have occurred in Philadelphia,
where the great editors write a very exe
crably bad manuscript. In one case a
correspondent, who was describing ;i tar
ring and feathering .scene at which he
was present only in a professional ca
pacity, was made to say "getting the
feathers ready for us." Instead of "ready
for use.'" The same newspaper office had
a printer who turned the expression "frnm
alpha to omega" into "from apples to
oranges." and conveyed the impression
that somebody had set the Delaware river
on fire by calling ferry boats "fiery hosts."
A cooking school called the "New (Vn
lurv" was cruelly made to appear as the
"New Cemetery," and doubtless the same
pessimistic type < hanged the "Masque of
Pandora" into the "Morgue of Pandora."
A diver who had found two old bells in
the Delaware went before the public as a
"driver" who had found "two < Id bills."
The scripture allusion to the leaven that
"leaveneth the whole lump" was pervert
ed Into the startling agricultural an
nouncement that the leaven had leavened
"the whole turnip."
A foreign editor who wrote that the
P.ritish lion was "shaking his mane". was
edified th" next morninff with the an
n'Hincemenf, on his authority, that the
national animal in question was "skating
in Maine." A more natural error was
that which called "a member of the leg
islature" a "member of the liquor store."
One of the Philadelphia morning papers,
which formerly gave close attention to
marine news, informed its readers on one
occasion that the bark Bessy Jnne had ar
rived at Honolulu "with an oil well on
board." Investigation proved that there
was nothing in the report except "all well
on board." An old-time Inn named the
"Star and Garter Hotel" was once re
christened by a printer as "the Shoe and
Garter Hotel." A foreign dispatch about
the war between Russia and Turkey con
tained an allusion to transports convoyed
by gunboat p. which was turned into the
novel announcement that the transports
W p re "conveyed by goats."— Harper's
Rotfnd Table.
Why the "Help" Left.
Younsr Mistress— l don't see why you
should leave me so suddenly. I'm sure
I've done all I could to help you with the
housework, and I have done all the cook-
ln«r-
Maid— Yes'm, that's what s the matter.
"What is?"
"I cant stand y'r cookjng."- New York
Weekly.
CHILD'S EYE NEARLY
XORIN OUT BY /\ DOG
OAKTjAND, July B.— L»ittle Divining Pamante. the six-year-old son of a
Portuguese laborer residing at Third and linden streets, was attacked by a
ferocious dog this afternoon while playing in the front of his father's home
and his left eye was all but torn from its socket. Fortunately, the savage
animal's teeth did not pierce the eyeball, but both above and below the
eye was a deep and ugly lacerated wound, for which the child was treated
at the Receiving Hospital by Dr. Rowe. The wounds required five stitches.
U. C. DAY AT LOS ANGELES.
Berkeleyans Will Keep Open House
at the Teachers' Convention.
BERKELEY, July £.— Wednesday, July
12, will be University of California day at
the • National Educational Association
convention at Los Angeles. A large com
i mlttee of Berkeley professors and alum.ii
' will go from here to take charge of the
celebration. H. W. Melveney, 79, is chair
man. The university headquarters will be
at the Hotel Van Nuys, which will be
elaborately decorated with the blue and
I gold. Luncheon will be served to all Uni-
v ersity of California students and alumni
In the city ami music will be furnished
by a quartet from the I'niversity Glee
Club. An exhibit of 150 large photographs
of the buildings and grounds by Lange is
being prepared, and an effort will be made
to disseminate information regarding the
university.
Distinguished Foreigner.
BERKELEY. Juiy X.— Captain Bourne,
Regent of the I'niversity of New,Zenland.
at Auckland, was the guest of Professor
Senger of the Tniversity of California to
day, lie brought letters from the 'Gov
ernor of New Zealand stating that he was
the ageni of the Government for inspect
ing university systems throughout the
world. The Governor further states that
Dticipates more light from the Ameri
can universities than from any others.
Captain Bourne was shown over the
grounds and buildings of the State in
stitution and made minute inquiries as to
all the details of its organization and
management, expressing amazement at
the fact that the requirements at Berke
ley were higher than at Oxford, and was
particularly interested in the fact that
the four grades of education, primary,
grammar, high school and university,
were ;,il under public control and in con
nection with •-.<<]) other.
Prom Berkel* y Captain Bourne will pro
ceed to the great Eastern universities.
after which he will go to England and toe
continent.
CAN ANIMALS COUNT P
Russian Experimented Declares That
They Undoubtedly Can.
Most, people have seen performing ani
mals in circuses and music halls who are
appan ntly accomplished mathematicians.
Performances of this sort, however, are
Of little scientific value owing to the larji' 1
element of trickery generally involved in
them. A secret sign from the impresario
to the animal frequently proves the sole
explanation of its apparent cleverness.
Dr. Timofi.'ff is a Russian doctor, who
has made exhaustive experiments in ani
mal intelligence. Parrots, he says, can
count up to four, and he has extended
these Investigations to other birds, dogs.
cuts and horses. He concludes that crows
can count up to ten. dogs to twenty-four.
rats onlj to six. bur horses carry off the
palm as calculators.
In a village of the Government of Po
kow Dr. Timotieff studied a horse belong
ing to a peasant, and found that the horse
always stopped at the end of Its twen
tieth furrow. It did not Stop when tired,
but only after every twenty furrows.
It was so exact about this that its mas
ter reckoned the number of furrows that
he had made by the number of times
that the horse halted. The animal count
ed for the man. one day this physician
was going to Valdai, wnen at the twenty
second verst one of the horses hitched to
the troika (a three-horse carriage)
stopped suddenly. The driver got down
from his seat, gave some provender to the
horse, and drove on.
This horse had been trained by its mas
ter when very young to get food at every
twenty-five versts. There can be no doubt
that ihe horse kept count l>y the posts
along the road, it had made a mistake
this time of three versts. but it was not
its fault. Along the road there were three
other posts besides the telegraph posts
which looked very much like them. Hence
the error of three versts.
This same horse was accustomed to get
its food in a stable near which the town
clock rang at noon. Dr. Timofleff him
self saw the horse pick up its ears and
listen, but drop its head dissatisfied
when less than twelve strokes sounded.
On the contrary, it manifested all kinds
of satisfaction when it heard the twelfth
stroke of the bell, neighing for its prov
ender.—London Mail.
Facts From the Philippines.
Commander John D. Ford, just now re
turned from Manila, plainly states that
thp American army now hofds less ground
around the Philippine metropolis than at
any time within the past four months;
that the Filipino lines, pushed back again
and again by brilliant sorties, return to
their original position almost imme
diately and have actually gained on the
Americans at many places. It may be
added to this that no army of the size
of that now battling in Luzon can stand
a drain of fifteen or twenty killed, fifty
or more wounded and as many sick each
day without being soon reduced to a
minimum of effective strength. An army
large enough and effective enough to set
tle the whole matter should be dispatch
ed as siMiii as possibly. As auxiliaries of
.-uch an army 'S'X) colored soldiers and 2000
Indian =c«.uts would be invaluable and
could lie easily recruited.— Chicago News.
Fender Cushions.
From England comes word of fender
cushions in lieu of -hearthrugs. These
cushions are made Quite two feet in width
and tit around the fender at the floor line
following the curve quite to the jambs of
the- mantelpiece. The cushions are cov
ered ivlth some dull-finished material like
velvet <ir rorduroy. whose color should be
of the natural shade of the ground of the
carpet. They are buttoned at regular in
tervals wfth covered buttons, the edges
bring finished with a silk cord. The ama
teur will find it difficult to make these
cushions, as expert cut and finish ar«
needed to prevent a clumsy appearance.
News of the
Bay Cities,
VALENTINE IS
NOT GENEROUS
TO HIS RECTOR
Refuses to Give a
Railroad Pass.
SECRETS OF THE DEAL
DR. LAW WAS GIVEN $463.60 TO
GO AWAY.
On His Part He Agrees to Go to Bos
ton and to Send in His Resig
nation Before Oc
tober.
Oaklnnd Offi<-o San Francisco Call, |
908 Broadway, July S.
Rev. Marshall Law will not go to Boston j
on a pass franked with the magic slgna- i
ture. "J. J. Valentine." After listening to |
burning words from his rector's pulpit for
five years, after being lauded inordinately
in the church magazine all this time,
after being honored by the rector by being
appointed rector's vestryman and after
being permitted to preach two anti-eitpan
sion sermons from the rector's pulpit,
Hon. J. J. Valentine declines to give the
departing divine a pass, such as he h.-\s »
done on former occasions when said di
vine went on his "much-needed vacation." ■
The secret of the solemn compact which I
hud ;i very commercial flavor and was
entered into between Bishop Nichols, the
special committee of the Church of the
Advi nt appointed to secuK the rector's
resignation and Rev. Marshall Law has
Juki been divulged. It cost the Church of
the Advent $40:> &i to get rid of its pastor.
This a/nount consists of his salary for
the months of August and September, the
usual alms to the rector for charitable
purposes and transportation for himself
and his family to Boston. And as yet Dr.
Law's resignation is not in existence, al
though there is a verbal promise that ho
will not come back on the vestry for more.
At the little conference an agreement
was produced, of which there are three
copies In existence. One is kept by Bishop
Nichols, one by the committee and one by
Dr. Law. By its terms the vestry agrees
to pay the stated sum to the rector and
he agret s to go away to Boston on an j
ostensible vacation until September 30,
but befi.ro that date lie undertakes to
send in his resignation. This contract is
not signed by anybody, but was formally ;
agreed upon in the presence of the Bishop, j
so that tin parties to it could back out.
All the mon^y has been paid and the
church treasurer holds the rector's re- .
ceipt.
A letter highly eulogistic of Dr. Law
had been prepared to give him by the
vestry; but he will never receive it. Ow
ing to the opposition shown by the rector
toward she plans of tin- vestry it was
decided that the letter should not be used.
The rector is now at liberty to go to Bos
ton with his son. and transportation will
also be furnished his wife and other child
as soon as he is ready for them to join
him.
Much surprise has been expressed that
.1. .1. Valentine should not have given the
rector a pass and saved him that much
coin. In past years the church circular
has frequently mentioned the fact that
Senior Warden J. J. Valentine "made
transportation easy," ami the rector"s
friends assert that it would nut have hurt
tli.- wealthy president of wviis-Fargo to !
have extended this little courtesy to the
rector, who has been so very loyal in his
admiration for the senior warden.
The Church of the Advent is now look
ing for another rector, although should
one be found he cannot he installed until
the resignation of Rev. Marshall Law has
been received.
CURIOUS EXHIBIT
Of the Novel Appliances Used in Ger-
many for Nursing the Sick.
The practical $=ide of the German na
tion is illustrated in the exhibition for
the nursing of the sick which has just
been opened in Berlin. It is said to
be very complete, and to contain many
interesting novelties in the way of new
medical appliances. It includes a num
ber of model sickrooms fitted up and
arranged for different diseases — a sick
room in the tropic?, a field hospital, a
department for invalid cookery, a de
partment for medicines and nourishing
foods, a department for gymnastic and
orthopoedic apparatus, a disinfecting
chamber, a complete Roentgen ray out
fit, etc. Among the more curious ex
hibits are some tinned provisions left
from the Franco-Prussian war and still
perfectly fresh, a very ingenious mech
anism, the invention of a Roumanian
doctor, to produce deep and regular
respiration by mechanical pressure ap
plied by pads placed around the body
and kept working by an electromotor,
and lastly, a patent bed to hang up be
tween trees, which Its inventor, a.
Transylvanian, declares to be an in
fallible cure for insomnia and also for
throat diseases. It is superior to a
hammock because it can also be used
as a boat, in which case the prater
proof cover is fastened over the lower
part of the frame, while other parts
of the frame are screwed together to
make a paddle. This inventor says that
he has traveled considerable distances
by river in one of these contrivances.
New York Evening Post#
HAMLET PRODUCED
By the Members of Russia's Imperial
Family.
Shakespeare's "Hamlet" has recently
had a more notable presentation than
the one in which Mme. Bornhardt takes
the role of the melancholy Dane. It
was in St. Petersburg, and the cast was
imperial. Ev«ry part — of actors, act
resses, prompter and all the rest — was
taken by a member i/f the reigning fam
ily, and these high personages entered
into the work with quite as much en
thusiasm and energy as any company
to whom the proceeds meant bread and
butter could possibly have done. Grand
Duke Constantine, who took the role of
Hamlet, had been preparing for nearly
a year, and his last visit to England
was made for the sole object of con
sulting Irving, from whom lie received
a month's drilling. It is said that Irv
ing expressed himself surprised at the
Duke's progress, highly complimenting
him upon his acting. "Not half of the
actors on the English stage." said Irv
ing, "can boast of your dramatic talent.
To become a trup artist would require
a vast amount of work on your part,
but you are capable of doing it. and,"
he laughingly added, '"whenever your
duked"in is taken from you come to
me; I shall always be pleased to give
you a role." — Chicago Record.
Double Proof.
"Do you believe in heredity, Mrs.
Simpson?"
"Indeed I do. Every mean trait Bobby
has I can trace right back to his fath
er."
"Does his father believe in heredity,
too?"
"Yes. He traces Bobby's faults all
back to me." — (TVago Record.
Equal to the Emergency.
"Lend me $5,' said the man who never
repays.
"Couldn't think of it, my boy. I value
your friendship too highly to part with
it for 56."
"Then make it $10." — Chicago Even
ine Post.
POOLROOMS MAY
RUN UNCHECKED
Marin Supervisors Re
fuse to Act.
M'ISAAC MAKES A VAIN PLEA
DISTRICT ATTORNEY IS DENIED
tjUPPOxIT.
Wants to Bring Civil Proceedings
Against the Gamblers, but the
Board v« ill Not Author
ize the Move.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July B.— For some
reason the Board of Supervisors of
Marin County has seen fit to throw cold
water upon the proposition to abolish
the poolrooms at Sausalito. In pur
suance of his policy to abate what is
alleged to be a nuisance and a menace
to public morals. District Attorney Mc-
Isaac appeared before the board to-day
and asked that he be given its indi
vidual support in taking further steps
to suppress the poolroom evil. When
he had finished, the board members,
without giving the question any con
sideration, voiced their belief that
"Sausalito is all right and should be
left to settle its own destinies."
In asking for the sanction of the
board to take further action, Mclsaac
drew attention to an act of the last
Legislature empowering the District
Attorneys of the various counties to
take such steps as they 'might deem
necessary to abate public nuisances.
He then presented the following reso
lution and asked that it be adopted by
the board:
Whereas, A public nuisance exists in
the county of Marin in the form of pool
rooms in the town of Sausalito; be it
Kesolved, That the District Attorney is
hereby ordered and directed to bring a
civil action in the name of the people of
the State of California to abate such pub
lic nuisance.
In making his request Mclsaao said
the poolrooms hs conducted at Sausa
lito were a disgrace to any county, and
should be suppressed. He said criminal
actions had failed, but that, in his
opinion, a civil suit would nave the
desired result.
The apathy and indifference manifest- j
ed by the board were so marked that
finally he took his documents and left
the room in disgust.
Chairman Ban- says Sausalito is
capable of looking after itself. He
doesn't know whether or not he would
favor any action by the board, even if
the people there petitioned for an
abolition of the evil. Supervisor Ring's ;
ideas were characteristic. He said:
■■Sausalito is all right. Let her do as
she pleases. It is nobody else's pie.
They have good people down there, and
I am not for interfering if I know my
self, and I think 1 do."
HIS BUSINESS.
Was to Sell Trick Fixtures to Saloon
Keepers.
"I used to be in the queerest business
in the world," said Louis Augustine, a
salesman now traveling for a Chicago
notion house. "1 was an agent for trick
fixtures for bars. About fifteen years
ago there was a craze for that kind of
thing, and saloons "with innumerable
mechanical contrivances for practical
jokes sprang up all over the country.
The house I worked for made a special
ty tif equipping such establishments
throughout and had it reduced to a
science. We pi.'* in trick plants in
Chicago, San Francisco. Omaha, Den
ver, Milwaukee, Cincinnati, Louisville,
Washington, New York. Newark, Buf
falo, Indianapolis, Detroit, Kansas City
and a score of other places. Some of
them were very elaborate, and it was
certainly ludicrous to see a victim
make a circuit of the premises.
"The innocent looking cigar lighter
would spout water instead of fire; the
call bell on the table gave one an elec
tric shock; so did the arms of any easy
chair; an artificial snake popped out of
the telephone box when the re-'eiver
was taken down; the viands on the
lunch counter \v re all made of papier
macho, and the platform of a weigh
ing machine would buck like a kicking
horse. The worst sell of the lot, and
the feature that ultimately led to dis
carding such tricks, was the collapsible
stairway, which would suddenly fold up
under a man's feet and treat him to an
unexpected toboggan slide. It was
usually reserved as a final torture, and
it was only a matter of time when some
victim would land on the floor with a
broken limb. f least half a dozen
cases I could cite resulted in heavy
damage suitn. and in the very nature of
things the popularity of the trick pa-loon
was necossarllv short-lived. At the
outset such a place would be a great
success, for the simple reason that each
fellow who was sold immediately
rushed for a fresh dupe to get even,
but after a while the supply of raw ma
terial was bound to run short and the
jokps became stale and flat. It was im
possible to keep them varied on ac
count of the cost of the apparatus, and
the craze wore itself out in a few years.
At present only two houses of that kind
are In existence In the whole country."
WOMAN'S HAT
Fooled a Judge, and He Ordered It
Removed, But Changed His Mind.
A young woman whose attire included a
crash hat perched jauntily upon her head. !
a White ministerial collar, a bow tie and '
a jacket with wide lapels entered Judge
Stein's courtroom Monday afternoon and i
occupied a chair at a table within the bar |
rail. Soon after the appearance of the !
newcomer Judge Stein happened to glance '
in her direction. The Intervening table
prevented his Honor from getting- a full
view of the young woman. He saw the i
hat, coat, necktie and collar, however.
Motioning to Bailiff H>aly, he said: L
"Go over and tell that young man to re- !
move his hat."
"Why. that is a woman, your Honor," i
protested the bailiff.
"A woman?" queried the court, straight- :
ening op and gazing doubtingly. "Well, )
never mind, then." continued his Honor, |
settling back in his chair and chuckling '■
to himself. Old court attaches say that j
Judge Stein seldom smiles, while on the
bench, but this time he laughed softly to i
himself for fifteen minutes.— Chicago j
Chronicle. ■ '
I $ 1 00.00 in Cold Free.
I^^GIKLMNKOOOOPJIRWHJ
I DQAIKIQ S\ ft 3BIV IT W * tUI C' Te 8100.00 ill <:o!(l to ««_>■ iz-ha will arrange tha
UEJHII\IVr i!lfll\IB twenty.letters printed above into three navts denoting tlireo well-
* pnAINo UuUN I h knoWn «hlp9 of the rnlted Slate* .\»Ty during the spaniiih
 l#ltrill«W WVI« I War. Remember mdo not want one cmt of your money. Thereisonly
♦ one condition, which »ill take less than t.i; hour of your time, which we will write you ivtirn your prire is delivered. In
•$> making the three names, the letters can only be used its many times at they off ear oAocwaad '■ • letter can be used
? which does not a/fear. After JOII h»Tf! found the three correct unmet, you will have ;• red erery letter in the
twenty exactly as many times a* it app«rs. The money will bo paid Annnst I sth. IHO9. • Should more
I than one p-rson succeed fa) fin. line the three correct name*, the 5100.00 will he equally divided. , It t mate this literal
X offer to introduce our charming ami interesting family. fMI to 1-H-Collimn. illuUnUed meuthiy macazlne to
< > as many families in the United States and Canada as ponible. where it is at yet nutmetm. Cur magazine is carefully
'' edited, illustrated and Jtf.'td »'th the choicest literary matter that the best authors prod-ice. Tr.T and Win. 11 you
1 1 will make the three names an.! Mend them to tin at once. ■■*« <•".:■ c u t that you win e« the pold I Anyway.
X — • do not want any money from you, and a contest like this ** ~*~r ■*-*— "*■ AS soon as we receive your answer we
V will at once write and notify you if you have won the prize. We sincerely hope you ■rill, as we shall give the fIOOJJO .
■JJ away anyway. Do not delay. Write at once.
i ; RIQLEY PUBLISHING CO., 345 Washington St., BOSTON, MASS.
AUCTION SALES,
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
fca. ft* fes
MONDAY, JULY 10, 1839, AT 11 A. M.
At EMPORIUM SALESYARDS,
2*o VALENCIA ST.,
We will sell by order of MR. REYNOLDS of
THE OAKLAND MEAT COMPANY,
.Sixty head of CARRIAGE, ROAD and DRAFT
i HORSES, all Cleaveland bays. This Is the
; finest lot of horses that has come to this mar-
■ ket for some time, and Includes S J or 10 nicely
matched carriage teams.
The above stock has been selected with the
: utmost care by Mr. Reynolds from his ranch
I In Mono County.
Horses can now be seen at the above yards.
Sale positive. No reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneer*.
Office, 327 Sixth st., San Francisco.
£* JUST ARRIVED! &a
Carload Large Horses and Carload Medium
Size, Broke and Unbroke. at J. D. KORAN'S,
T«nth and Bryant streets.
\\ /HHPl^^^ and TUMORS CURED
J J feß^a WT N <> KNIFE or PAIN
;^ aa S No Pa y__ u^ ti| CURE!
Wen^| H8 Any !um P in *
|ifli|i|ili^ woman's breast is
gjraj-j- .-.';■' j^^^. cancer; they al«
wa - vs p°' s ° n tne
X £ P \ glands in armpit
,^™^ When ihe cancer
is armpit gets large cure is impossible.
i Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I liars Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M D., 25 Third St., S. P.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
CHANGING NAME IN ENGLAND.
Applications Granted by the Crown
Only for Good Reasons.
Now. the crown has the absolute right
to grant or withhold at its pleasure its
license and authority for a change of
name, and if all one hears be correct al
most as many applications are refused as
are granted. Needless to say, the re
fusals are not the personal refusals of her
Majesty, but emanate from the home of
fice, through which all petitions pass, and
the home office has assumed to Itself the*
decisijn as to whether or not a case shall'
be put forward for the personal consider
ation of her Majesty. In no circumstance
can any one compel either the home of
fice to put forward a petition or her Maj
esty to grant her license. But, judgin*
from past experience, one is able to in
dicate generally the capes In which an
application Is likely to be successful. To
begin with, no case has ever been known
in which the crown has refused us li
cense for any change or assumption
which is in conformity with either a will
or settlement, so that it may be taken
for granted that any application for -i
royal license in i>ursuanee of either a
will or settlement will be granted with
out the least difficulty beinn raised.
Applicants desiring to assume a name
undor other circumstances must show
what the crown can consider to be good
and sufficient reason why the change
should be effected. The refusals as to
which one hears occasionally do not all
Beem to be Indicated from identical rea
sons, but it is difficult to get exact par
ticulars of such casts, and though one
would hesitate to say that the granting
of a royal license upon a voluntary appli
cation was a matter of the caprice of the
crown or its officers, one cannot, however,
definitely say that such and such a case
would be invariably refused. Consequent
ly one can only indicate the probabilities
of consent or refusal. These will usually
be found to be somewhat as follows,
though, as each caso has its special cir
cumstances, it is naturally difficult to
speak with any certainty.
An application to assume a name where
no descent can be shown from any family
of such name and where it is merely a
mattr-r of personal caprice is almost in
variably refused. An application to assume
the name of a family rrom whom di
in the female line exists is generally
granted if it can t>e shown that the fe
male ancestor of that name through
whom descent is proved was an heraldic
heiress in 'blood, or whpre the applicant
can show that he is an heir of line of any
male of that family. An application put
forward in :i case of adoption to assume
the name of the guardian is usually
granted if the application is made by the
guardian and in his lifetime:- but the mat
ter is on an entirely different footing if
the application is made merely at the ca
price of the ward, and after the death
of the guardian, whon the latter has left
behind him no indication of his wish that
his ward should adopt his name. An ap
plication to assume the particle "De" In
front of a name is usually granted where
unquestionable evidence can be" procured
of descent from an ancestor who so wrote
his name.
The application of a husband to assume
his wife's name is usally governed by the
fact of the heirship or otherwise of the
wife. If she be an heiress in blood the ap
plication is usually granted, but if not,
infrequently refused in cases to the con
trary. But the crown does not sanction
the assumption of a name by the wife
while her husband fs alive, unless the hus
band joins in the petition to assume the
same name.— Genealogical Magazine.
■ ■» ■
BLONDINED DOG.
Matched His Owner's Costume With-
out Injuring the Canine.
"During the occupation of Paris at
the close of the Franco-Prussian war,"
said a veterinary surgeon • ' this city,
"the Frenchmen used to catch the small
white poodles belonging to German of
ficers and dip their hindquarters in
blue dye and their forequarters in red,
transforming them into animated cop
ies of the French flag, greatly to the
wrath and disgust of their owners. The
only other Instance of dyed dog of
Which I have any personal knowledge
came under my observation a few
weeks ago, when a lad brought me a
pet spaniel to treat for an ulcerated
paw. The little fellow was a sort of
tawny yellow, quite different from any
spaniel I had ever seen, but when I
came to examine him closely I found
that he had been 'blondined ' exidently
by peroxide of hydrogen. His natural
color was steel gray, and the fur at the
roots showed it unmistakably. The lady
was an actress, who was passing
through here on her way to New York,
and when she called for her pet I inci
dentally referred to the dyeing. She
laughed, and admitted at once that she
had colored the fur to match a favorite
costume, adding that she had been as
sured by a doctor that the process was
entirely harmless. As far as I could
see, the dog's health was not affected.
He certainly looked very odd, and I
must admit rather pretty. When the
blondine begins to wear off. however,
he will be a holy terror." — New Orleans
Times-Dejnocrat.
Maggie (to her stepfather, who is very
popular with the children*— Oh. I wish
jrou had been here when <>ur papa was
alive. You would have liked each other
so much.
1516
RIDE AWAKENING OF
LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM
Doting Hearts Torn Asunder on
the Way to the Altar.
Lewis E. Bulkeley and Mollie fiordon Start Out to Get
Married -Relatives Interfere and They Co
to the Matinee Instead.
LEWIS E. Fn-KFT.ET and Millie
Gordon started -out bravely early
yesterday morning to run down to
Santa Cruz and he married. I/ena
frnrdoix. the would-be bride's sister,
Interfered, and after considerable argu
m piit and not a few tears the couple com
promised and Instead of going to the altar
went to the -matinee.
Bulk* ami the girl who is so anxious
to be his bride are bofh under age. The
youth, like the maid, claims to be ( 19
years old. but A. R. Cotton, guardian
of >hft would-be groom, declares he has
known but seventeen short, sweet, sum
mers, and Miss Gordon's family makes
similar assertions in regard to her tender
years.
Age is the only equal ground on which
the couple meet. Religion and social
status divide them. Miss Gordon is a
Jewess: and her family desire her. to wed
s. man of the same faitjh as she professes.
Further than that they have no objections
to Bulkeley, who is heir to a vast fortune
and has the entree to swell circles, while
the girl who has captures him ha.= a
humble little home at 654 Minna street
arid earns ?4 • a week In a suspender
factory.
The family of Miss Gordon were- consid
erably disturbed when they discovered
yesterday morning that the young lady
had gone off to set married. Miss I^na
Gordon, Bister of t.he would-be bride,
rushed downtown to find her sister and
met her on Sutler street, near Montgom
ery, where she was awaiting the youth
whose name she hoped shortly to bear.
The sisters had a. spirited argument and
by the time, the -would-be benedict ap
peared on' the scene the police had been
called in to interfere.
Bulkeley proved much more tractable
■than the girl he hoped to make his bride
and at his suggestion the parties re
paired to the Gordon home, where an
amicable discussion ensued. Bulkeley
promised to patiently wait for the hand
of the fair Mollie until he was legally ca
pable of claiming her for his own and then
to show there was no ill feeling craved
permission to escort the young lady to the
theater.
The young lovers spent the afternoon at
the Columbia and amused themselves be
tween acts reading the startling tale of
their morning's escapade in the evening
papers. After the play Bulkeley returned
the girl to 1 .-• Minna-street home and
spent some time in getting acquainted
with her family.
(he two. Miss Gordon was ilip sadder
would-be elopers. She had no kind
words for her family, whose only fault
had tx • : deep interest in her wel
fare. Bulkeley. on the contrary, had only
the best of wishes for every one.
- it up, kid." he paid when thf young
woman tried to convince her assembled
family that she was 19, ;<n<i not 17. "Shut
•,.;. now, and let there be no row."
With an engaging frankness the youth
ppointment ;tn<"l his plans.
"There is only one thins to do," he :=aid.
• •j-)l | two years, and have just
wait until then. T have no plans;
know that when I marry 1 shall
settle down. As for engaging In any pro
fessioi -Oh. I'm only h Imm, and I prob
ahly shall never amoum to much. My
guardian would like m>' to study law, but
■ s too dry for me. Jf I have any
• ll it is in the direction of
- i niH.v be an actor."
Bulkeloy's frankness is only surpassed
by i;-. modesty. When questioned as to
hi? financial standing he smiled a simple
indulgent smile and in a most off-hand
manner said: "No. I'm not rich. I've
only got about half a million. Just at
present I have between $300 and $400 a
month allowed me. I find it pretty hard
to gel along on that. I could manage to
comfortably subsist on about $1000 a
month."
Thr- youth who wanted to go to Santa
Cruz ■ (Tied because he felt down
•iy have led the
offlcia • as 21 is a tall.
p, with the :-trMi!g. well-devel
■ : .- • .•. -: , i the colorless
face < ' a t'n gl tless, spoiled child. His
tastes run to gaudy hosiery and clamov
-iiiit fronts, and his time when not
Courting Miss *;< rrj. >n is lent to keeping
iip the moving procession along "the im £ "
nv] ornamenting ih» doorways of well
known downtown resorts. He speaks of
his passion for the lady of his choice in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAVE YOUR SKIN
Howto Preserve, Purify and Beau-
tify the Skin and Complexion.
The clearest, softest, whitest skin, free
from pimple, spot, or blemish, is produced
by <Tti< t Soa_p, beyond all comparison
the most effective skin purifying and beauti-
fying soap, as well as purest and sweetest for
toilet, bath, and nursery. It prevents pim-
ples, blackheads, blotches, red. rough, and
Oily skin, and other baby blemishes, rashes,
and eruption?, because it. prevents inflamma-
tion and clogging of the Pores, the cause of
most r.omplexional disfigurations.
SAVE YOUR HAIR
How to Prevent Falling Hair,
Scalp Humors and Dandruff.
Warm shampoos with CunccßA Soap, fol-
lowed by light dressings with CTticira,
purest of emollient skin cures, will clear the
scalp and hair of crusts, scales, and dandruff,
soothe irritating and itching surfaces, stimu-
late the hair follicles, supply the roots with
energy and nourishment, and thus produce
luxuriant hair, with- clean, wholesome ecalp.
SAVEYOURHANDS
How to Make the Hands Soft and
White in a Single Night.
Bathe and soak the hands on retiring in a
strong, hot, creamy lather of Ccticdra Soap.
Dry them thoroughly and anoint, freely with
CfTici-UA, greatest of emollient skin cures.
■Wear during the night old, loose, kid glove;,
■a lib the finccr ends cut off, and air holes cut
in the palms. For red, rough, chapped, and
discolored hands, dry, fissured, itching, fever-
ish paiins, shapeless nails, with painful finger
ends, this treatment is wonderful.
BoM throughout the world. Pries. Citicoea Soap.
25c; C^.■T^CCB^ (ointment). /As. fOTT?« Dico
Cnsu Com-., Soie Prop*., B<w,tnn. Brttuh (Upot: 1.
Kin* Edw»rd-ft, London. D«t6? Franc*!*: Il4F«u-
-femrjr St. Hosori Fuit. weand. for "Fim, Hmta'
tad BiSx Book," free.
1 the easy, well balanced tones of a man
I of the world.
'•We are not lovesick children." he said.
"Of course we love one another and we
1 want to get married, and that is an there
■ is to it."
Mollip Gordon, who has won the heart
: of the young millionaire, is rather an at
! tractive girl than a pretty one. She is
petite "and dark, with features of a de
', cided racial cast. The lady consider? her
; self a. very handsome young person, and
1 her vanity and frivolity have been the
basis of many family quarrels. If the
1 young woman had. told her sister about
her intended marriage it probably would
THEY WOULD WED,
have come off as arranged. As It was.
her sister and guardian only knew sh<*
had gor-ie from home, and fearing the ,
i worst applied to the police for protection.
Bulkeley's lady love has not been on Lhe
best of terms v.ith her family. Sir* was,
it is said, in the habit of going around
and telling tales of how she was abused"
and maltreated at home. At the police
station yesterday morning phe rattled off
a. long tale of trial? and suffering, adding
to her many other woes the fact that she i
was denied proper nourishment.
For a lady who has been systematically
starved Miss Gordon looked in splendid ;
condition. H»r elopement, gown was of
the fashionable blue and white foulard.
the make of which showed to advantage
a well-round-?d fi R ure. A large hat of blue |
i straw trimmed with white ribbons and
roses rind worn well tilted over the nose ;
: completed th» costume that was to have ;
j adorned a briie.
ODD FELLOWS' JUBILEE.
The Selection of a Reception Commit
tee to Serve During the
Celebration.
The executive committee ■ of. the Odd
Fellows' golden jubilee celebration at its
meeting last night Indorsed the following
named as the reception committee for the
celebration which will be held in October:
Subordinate lodges— No. 1. ■ A. W.
Williams. A. G. Clark: 3. Dr. S. > R.
Jacob?, George \\alcom: 13. B.
Schwarz. F. Huffsmidt; 15. M. B. Jeff
er= Jr., A. D. Cheshire; 17. [». A.
Hagens. H. XV. Quitzow Jr.; 29, E. O.
Flanders. XV. William?: 71, A. K.
Kinsrsford, S. Regensburger; 95. G. R.
Weeks, A. H. Wall: 112. George Obram;
116. A. H. Wehser: 122. Herman p.
Meyer George Shrek 123. A. J. Doyle,
. J. j. Applesate; 124. J. L. Geary Jr.,
J. A. Wells; 125. Thomas. C. Leary, v\ .
S Sevii°r; 131. F. P. Dulev. H. O.
Brower: 145, J. F. Breckwoldf, 155.
James D. Davie?. William H. Clausen;
171 W. A. singer. A. llovey; 179,
James McKinley, A. H. BosticH;
194. A H. Cousins. K. Dryse
lin= 204 N. R. Doolittle, J. E.
Jarrett: 2<>s. A. H. Kelt on. W. B. Hib
bett; 207. H. Burr.?. Henry Martin: 222.
James A. Wilson. James Lawrence:
257. G. V. Harlow; 285. William H.
Wessling, J. Conklln; 310, R. Herring.
J. Burt; 322. E. O. Gleason. FranK
Fierce; 334, John H. Foster. J. R.
Frasef; 368, Dr. M. Neumann, George
B. Hanna.
Rebekahs— California No. 1. Miss
Sarah Harris. Miss Christina Ander
son. Mrs. Minnie Homier. Miss Bessie
McDonald. Mrs. Johanna Wehser.
Templar No. 19— Mrs. Lydia E. Steele.
Mrs. Mary McLean.- Mrs. Winnie
Dowle.. Mrs. Henrietta C. Edwards,
Miss Ada Brown.
Oriental No. 90— Mrs. Allie Parker.
I ; Mrs. Sophie H. Forbes. Miss Agnes
Draffln. Miss Oiissie Hooper. Miss Ju
lia Combatalade.
WaJhalla No. 135— Miss Lottie Bar- .
thold. Bertha Schulz. Georgina
Hencken, Anna Hildebrand, Bertha '
Specht.
Amity No. 161— Mrs. Lela M. Zieg-
It. Mr?. HattY Duley. Mrs. Laura
Lowrie, Mlps Clara Krenz, Miss Flor
ence Sinclair. ; . -'
Loyal No. 215— Mis? Minerva Van Do
ren. Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus, Miss Minnie,
Meinberger. Miss Florence Walcom,
Mrs. Winnie. Turpin.
Mission No. 22o— Miss Gertrude C.
Wimmer, Miss Rena J. Crawford. Miss
Frances Hawkins, Miss Lucy Quinton,
Miss Pauline Burkhardt. . . .;
It was decided to. offer prizes for the
best float in the parade: for the best
drilled canton; best drilled Rebeka.h Team;
largest representation by a city lodge, ac
cording to membership, the same as to
lodges from the interior, and for the best
decorated building or business house.
W. A. 8. Nicholson a.nd Frank D. Worth
'were appointed - a. committee to • prepare
rules to guide the sub-committees and T.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
P. Woodward was appointed chairman of
the press committee.
A REMARKABLE FEAT
OF CIVIL ENGINEERING
Valley Boad Officials Congratulate
Themselves on the Work Done
on Franklin Tunnel.
The Valley Road officials are congrat
ulating themselves on the success tha.t
has attended the work In connection with
the Franklin tunnel between Stockton
and Martinez.
Not only has it? 5600 feet of length h«<=n
put through without a hitch and in a
length of Time much shorter than the pe
riod called for in the contract, but such
ha? been the accuracy in directing the
digging of the bis hole that, it may b»
said that the two ends, when they came.
together, met directly "head on."
Engine— r« will have some idea, of the ex
cellence of the work when it is known
that the deviation in the whole length of
5600 feet proved to be only .016 in line, and
P36 in level. This means that the two ends
came together with only the difference
of a bare two inches on the line and twice
that distance on the level.
THE PHILIPPINES.
John W. Taylor Writes a Book About
the People and the Country.
A handy brochure entitled "Farts About
the Philippines." by John W. Taylor, may
be accepted aa a contribution to Orien
tal literature. The fact? are, Riven in
forty- three printed pages. An accompany
ing map of the archipelago serves to en-
Lighten the reader. The book treats of
The early history of the islands, the Fili
pino* the wild tribes, mixed races, the
area 'of the archipelago, the mountains.
rivers forests, mineral wealth, the cli
mate, the products and scenery of the
country- * j
The iUithor collected the facts during a
sis-months' sojourn in and around Ma-
BUT FATE WILLED
nila The purpose of the book Is to dis
seminate Intelligence concerning the coun
try.
i m
MANY INSTALLATIONS.
Many of the fraternal societies of this
city have had their officers obligated for
the current term recently.
Apollo Lodge No. 323. T. O. O. F.. in-
Stalled the' following officers for the pres
ent term of six months: J. J. Applegate.
J p. G. : D. A. Hodghead. N. G.: W. A,
Limbaugh. V.G.; XV. F. Norcross Rec.
Sec ■ G. O. Nelson, W. : O. Matsen, O. <» :
H. H. Zobel. Con.: G. E. Daniels. 1. G.:
Louis Hammersmith, R. S. N. G.: G. M.
Dorsey L. S. N. G;N. A. risen. R.
S S•" G G. Skldmore, L. S. S. ; J. W.
Perry chaplain; H. XV. Patrick, organist;
C E -' Perry, R. S. v G : R. A. Daniels.
iV s'-V G ("s. R.i; finance committee—
r A.'. Daniels. C. H. Olinger, Louis Ham
mersmith: drillmaster. Harry D. Savillc. ,
Amity Rebekah Lodge had the following i
Installed by Mrs. Hani* Duley, D. D. P.. I
assisted by Mrs". Cora I. Corbett as mar
shal: Mrs." Laura Lourie. past grand; Mrs.
Annie Farnham, noble grand: Mrs. L. M.
ZeiKler. vice grand; Mrs. Lizzie Brailey
secretary-; Mrs. Julia Z. Gibbs, financial
secretary; Mr?. Cora I. Corbett. right sup
porter, and Mrs. Mary Baird, left sup
porter to the noble grand: Miss Susie
Stewart right supporter, and Miss Alma
Jessen, left supporter to the vice, grand.
The retiring noble grand was presented,
on behalf of. the lodere, by Mrs. Julia Z.
Gihbs with a. handsome jewel and she was
also presented with a collar symbolical of
her rank. Dancing followed the cere
•mony.
The officers of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge
wpre installed by District Deputy Mrs.
Margaret Wunn. assisted by Mrs. Chris
tine Peterson, the work being In the Ger- j
man language. The new officers are: Miss |
L. Barthold, past grand; Mrs. Lillle Mer
edith, noble grand; Miss Georgiana
Tlenck^n. vice grand: Mrs. Josephine De
crew, recording secretary: Mrs. Bertha
Sperht. financial secretary; Mrs. Julie
Marks, treasurer; Mrs. Dora Feyhl right,
and Mrs. Annie Bock, lert supporter to \
the noble grand; Mrs. Mary Hocking,
right, and Mrs. Mary Breckwaldt, left!
supporter to the vice grand. There was a
banquet after the installation.
The following were installed as officers
of Court Apollo, A. O. F., by Deputy High
Chief Rangers Joseph Hag^n. C. S. Bailie i
and G. K>mp: M. Merigan. chief ranger;
F. M. Shay, sub chief; N. F. McDonald. ■
treasurer; George J. Bergef. financial j
retary: W. J. Jones, recording secretary;
B. J. Noble, senior woodward; Dr. A. D. j
Glover junior .woodward; F. Dehoye, se
nior beadle, and K. C. Miramonte, junior
beadle.
Ladies" tailnr-maile suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 324 Post st.
Judgment Compromised.
J. H. Sievers has compromised his Judg
ment against the city and county. Sievers*
obtained a judgment for $3003 75 in ISS7 for
damages sustained to his property ar the
corner of Van Ness. avenue and Chestnut
street in changing the grade. He was of
fered 13000 to compromise by the Board of
Supervisors, and a communication was
received from the. attorney for Siev.»r9
announcing the acceptance of the com
promise.
No Cruelty Shown.
The case of Frank Conley, driver for
the yVeprern Delivery Company, charged
with cruelty to his horse by Mrs. S. 11.
Whiting and Mrs. C. B. Holbrook. was
dismissed by Judge Mogfan yesterday. The
Judge held that Oonley had not whipped
the horse unnecessarily.
A WET BLANKET FOR
BACK NUMBER BOSSES
Republicans Condemn the Kelly=
Crimmins Scheme.
Election Commissioners Are of the Opinion That the
Apportionment Conflicts With Provisions of
the Primary Election Law.
IN every precinct of the city the
people condemn the plan of appor
tionment proposed by Crimmins
I and Kelly for the Republican
County Committee! The Election
Commissioners yesterday glanced at
the unwieldy blanket, and by common
consent resolved to reject it unless the
law clearly required its acceptance.
The board will probably render a de
cision in the matter to-morrow.
The local bosses. Crimmins and Kelly,
are trying to convince gullible Republi
cans that Dan Burns is opposed to the
blanket plan. It is a matter of utter
indifference to the people of fan Fran
cisco whether Burns is for or against
the plan. Outside of several men ap
pointed to office by Gage the Mexican
has no following. If he should put out
a Burns ticket he could not rally a
hundred electors to its support.
The. public, does not forget that Crim
mins and Kelly throughout the session
of the Legislature were ever ready to
do the political work of Burns. It is
true that Gage turned down Crimmins
and Kelly on the Board of Health ap
pointments, but their "turn down" was
in a contest for the spoils after the
election. Bosses may fight one another
for a division of patronage after the
election, but before the battle at the
polls they usually band together. In
the approaching political campaign
IT OTHERWISE.
Burns will be where the railroad places
bim. If the Southern Par i tic managers i
tell him to get In with Crlmmins and i
Kelly hf -wiM obey orders. The Call is
in possession of information which
points directly to the conclusion that
the railroad forces are reaching out for
the control of the Democratic, machine.
Burns may show a hand, but it will b"
a hand raised to defeat the Republican
party in the local campaign.
Everything in the political situation
indicates thai the coming year •will be
ji bad one for bossism. There is likely
to be an uprising of The people so earn
est and formidable that bosses and po
litical demagogues will be swept ont
of sieht. Marty good citizens who have
acted with the Democrats and Non-
Partisans In the past now look to the
Republican party as the nrganizatir>n
possessing the equipment of Intelligence
and strength to bring about much de
sired municipal reform.' ' The gallant
light madr by independent Republicans
at Sacramento gay« prestige to the
party. While the Governor and others
of the party betrayed the people and
surrendered to the railroad monopoly a
vasr majority of the Republicans in the
legislature stood by the people. For
this unflinching loyalty to the raus» of
clean politics and good, government
they were excluded from th° list of citi- j
Z p ns eligib'e to places of honor and i
trust under the State administration, j
The political patronage was given to
the men who betrayed their constit
uents, but the victory of the people
was won by the Independent Repub
licans.
For the first time In th» history of
WaistS Hungarian
marked drapery
down to 1 J
/tt ma — hp V^v Have you a couch or cush-
1^ ■% ■% ■ 1 ion to cover, a mantle to
'-^ •*-^ x^ drape, a p'ortier wall hang-
made for this season— fancy in ? or upholstery want?
silk in stripes, checks and Hungarian cloth is the
plaids— sold for $7 50 $8 ' p reS ent fashion
*9 $10 each
. _____ Thirty-two inch figured
— about seventy-five dif-
WeVe many things ferent artistic designs in
especially made for beautiful combinations
■  of colors for
outing uses
bathing suits ' C% |, a varH
bicycle suits JL<£ 2 <» >' ard
sweaters
■ shirt waists _ .. ,  , .
linen skirts Easil y adapted in sum-
linen underwear mer homes
. tag to 131 Kearny St.
the State th« .monopolies massed at
Sacramento to elect a Federal Senator
were defeated by the representatives of
the people. ,
The 1 Republican party is capable of
giving to the people of San Francisco
the best administration of municipal
affairs t-r-'r recorded. The essential
point now at issue is to wrest the party
reins from the hands of ignorant
bosses. Under the primary law some
committee must speak for each politi
cal organization that files a ticket. The.
Republican County Committee was ex
pected to speak for the great mass of
enlightened citizens comprising the
party, but the political doits went to
Phil Crimmins' saloon for wisdom and
inspiration and came out with the no
tion that the people could he fooled into
voting for 306 delegates put up by a
pair of back number bosses. As a boss
Phil Crimmins is little better than a
campaign memory, and Martin Kelly
belongs to the era of the Volunteer Fire
Department.
Republicans of the city perceive the
importance of the first administration
under the new charter, and are now
preparing to elect the delegates who
will comprise the municipal nominat
ing convention. If Crimmins, Kelly and
the County Committee get in the ; way
of the Republican advance they will
be cast aside as obstacles in the march
of reform.
Irving M. Pcott is apprehensive that
various conflicting interests will keep
thf Republican party divided, in reply
to a letter mentioning' him as a possible
'•andidrite for Mayor he writes from
New York to the Post of this city:
"There does not seem to hp any sup
port either by the people or press of San
Francisco regarding right principles for
th*» good of the whole city— only legis
lation suitine individual interests."
The Democratic plan of appointment
filed by the Committee of On^ Hun
dred. Jasper McDonald, chairman, is
under the provisions of section 1370 of
the Primary Election Law. The sec.
tion allows a combination of election
precincts. Tho combinations arranged
by the committee arc numbered from
one to fifteen inclusive. The lowest
number t>t dele£ratr>s accorded to any
combination i-* that, given to number
is. vrherein ten delegates may be rho?
en. The highest number of delegate?,
twenty-nine, is accredited to combina
tion No. 0. which embraces primary
election precincts, 46, 47, 4S, 4!>, 60, 51,
52 and 53.
The basis of apportionment Is one
delegate for each 60 votes oast at. the
last general election in each of the com
binations and one additional delegate
for a remainder of SO votes or over.
The convention will consist of 354 dele
gate?.
Jacob Steppacher. Registrar of Vot
ers, has officially informed Charles F.
Curry, Secretary of State, that five po
litical parties wiH apply for places on
the primary election ticket, to wit: Re
publican, Democratic, Social Labor.
People's and Citizens' Republican. The
Secretary of State replies by wire that
he can supply ballots in number and
dimension as follows: Sixty-four thou
sand, size 18x6% Inches: 47,000. sizo lSx
25% inches, and 52,000, size is x inches.
The Kelly and Crimmins scheme will
require a ballot seventy-five inches In
length.
BLANKET BALLOT DOOMED
Election Commissioners Are
Opposed to the Scheme.
There was an Interesting coterie of poli
tician? present at the meeting of the
Klfction Commissioners yesterday morn
ing. Tn the absence of Mayor Phelan.
City and County Attorney Lane presided.
Commissioners Wells. Sheehan and Tilton
also being present. Alter the board had
granted Registrar Steppacher ten addi
tional deputies the petition of the-Repub-.
lican County Committee was read, ask
ing 1 for a place on the official ballot and
setting forth the Kelly-Crimmins scheme
of a. blanket ballot. The petition was
ordered placed on file and Attorney A.
Barnard, who appeared in behalf of the
committee, asked that immediate action
on it be taken. He urged that the time
was short in which to prepare the ballot,
and. the people he represented were anx
ious to have the commission pass upon
the legality of the plan at once.
Commissioners Wells and Elieenan were
not at all anxious to take, the matter up.
and Chairman Lane said that as all the
political parties had not tiled their peti
tions yet. and they had until 5 p. m. in
which to do so. it would be manifestly
Improper to take any action at that time.
He said the matter would be considered
soon, possibly at the meeting of the com
mission next Monday night, but it could
not be definitely decided then.
P. H. Prendergast. secretary of the
County Committee, insisted that a time
be set. He said that Commissioner I^ane
had been quoted as saying that the pro
poped blanket ballot was illegal, and if
the others held to that view the sooner
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■.'■.;...
July Sales
Black Crepons!
During the past week we re-
ceived 2 cases BLACK ENGLISH
MOHAIR CREPONS, These goods
were delayed in transit and will
now be offered at less than cost
of importation.
$mg& C\(\ One case (50 dress
fi'UU patterns) Black
## English Mohair
Crepons, 10 differ-
Dress Pattern. «* designs, worth
$^k aa One case (75 dress
|l •\J\3 patterns) Black
+ W English Mohair
, Crepons, 15 differ-
Dress Pattern. en f designs, good
I value for $12.50.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
the County Committee, knew it the better.
The other" commissioners were content to
let Lane, do the talking, and that senile
man again declined to fix a time for the
hearing. He said the Republican party
was well represented in the Election Com
mission arid its interests would be well,
taken care of. • , v.«j
Messrs. rrendergast and Barnard had
to be content with the assurance that
their petition would be considered Mon
day night, if time permitted, and the peti
tion of the Citizens' Republican party/
asking for a place on the ballot, was react
and filed. Soon after the Commissioners
adjourned the petition of the. Democratic
County Committee was handed to th->
Registrar. The petition relates that the.
local convention to be held by the Demo
cratic party shall consist of 364 delegates
apportioned among the .eighteen Assem
bly districts on the basis of one delegate
for each sixty votes cast at the last gen
eral election and one additional delegate
for a remainder of thirty votes or over.
After adjournment Commissioners bhee
han and Wells both declared themselves
as strongly opposed to the blanket ballot
scheme. . , ,
" "I have talked with many of the lead
ing Republicans of the city." said Mr.
Sheehan. "and they are all opposed to this
scheme. If it is adopted it will split th*
party wide open, but I don't see how it
can be adopted, for it is certainly illegal.
Commissioner Wells was equally as
outspoken in his opinion that the blanket
billot would not he adopted because of
its unpopularity as well as its illegality.
Commissioner Tilton said he had given
the matter no consideration, but he would
be guided by City and County Attorney
Lane's opinion.
"If he decides that it is illegal, and I
understand he has already expressed that
opinion. I certainly shall not vote for it."
said Tilton.
The commission adjourned to Monday
night, hut before they departed from the
Registrar's office they held a whispered
consultation and agreed to hold an ex
ecutive conference in City and County At
torney Lane's office some time during
Monday, when they will consider what
course to pursue in regard to the blajiket
ballot. • v-
" A] Raisch, the chairman of the County
Committee, was one of those who were
in attendance at yesterday's meeting and
after the adjournment lip sought to up
hold the blanket ballot. in a discussion
with Registrar Steppacher and others.
The primary election law was read to
him and he was subjected to considerable
good natured raflery. Finally the chair
man blurted out:
"Well. I was in favor of the Assembly
district.plan froni the first, but the others
wanted this blanket ballot, so I gave in."
"Cars stop here." this Is the sign
The Market-Ft. Railway wish to defln*.
Pegamoid Aluminum does it for them:
Opposite "Call Bid?.'' 'tis a gem.
WILL PETITION THE BOARD.
Downtown Business Men, Property-
Owners and Taxpayers Make an
Appeal for the Hall of Justice.
Downtown business men and owner? of
property in the neighborhood of the Ha!l
of Justice are incensed at the delay in
th>? completion of that structure. They
are circulating a petition to be. presented
to the Supervisors, and which is being
generally signed, setting forth that in the
tax levy the sum of $160,000 necessary to
complete the building has been omitted.
They ask that the amount be set aside for
the "purchase of adjoining land and other
improvements. The petition will be pre
sented to the board at its next meeting.
Rag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp 4 Street, tamale Grotto: nightly. •
.■♦ ■ —
KIPLING'S COMPLAINT.
Says American Publishers Have Made
Him Responsible for a Fake.
. LONDON, July The Author has pub
lished a letter from Rudyard Kipling
which ends by setting forth explicitly the
grounds on which his case against certain
American publishers rests. He says:
"They have made me responsible, before
a public to whom I do peculiarly owe the
best and most honest work I can turn out.
for an egregrious padded fake, and all
these things th^y did taking advantage of
that public interest in my illness when I
lay at the point of death. I do not see
how I can permit their action to pass
without challenge. It establishes too many
precedents which will do evil to the honor
and integrity of the profession that so far
has given me countenance and profit."
«-^2 Open Evening* and Sunday*. _ JJ»
;=5 "VA3ST V = R,OOM li
«*■ ELSOTBO-DSNTAL PARLOBB, *-
MARKET, COR. SIXTH. 5*
-EVERYTHING FOR HOME COMFORT."
OASH-OR-LITTLB-AT-A-TIMiL
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
A SETTEE (LIKE £+^ i\t\
CUT,. In cherry or $O.UU
oak upholstered . y v ' vw
DON'T BE ASHAMED TO ASK FOR
CREDIT. TOD HAVE AS MUCH
RIGHT TO ENJOY ITS PRIVILEGES
AS YOUR FORTUNATE NEIGHBOR
WHO HAS A BANK ACCOUNT. ,
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/o*r-/023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Slxtb-
Phoiii Bonth 14. Open Ertaiagf.
nopain/^Snopain
UNTIIV^/so
AUG.I,99yT)AYSONty
20 per cent discount on all Plates and
Bridgework to introduce our new .
FLESH=COLORED PLATES
THINNER fiND STRONGER
• THAN RUBBER.
Crowns $3.50. Plates $5. Killing 50c.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
. 24 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND. WASHINGTON STS — RE-
. modeled and renovated. KING WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day:
$5 to $8 week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre srrates In every
room; elevator runs all night.THE CALL Sunday Edition.
DO YOU ON THE BREAKING UP OF CHINA
lord Beresford's BooK is bip^ V4UL/a^e
dp," ffot "BreaK-Up,".ai)d- ffo-VEuro- ..
peai? pou/er Qap J-lold t^e
Orient— So says tl^e '^\)\j)^\
But /^meri(;a Qai?
j-laue tS^e Empir^
at Her Feet.
LORD CHARLES BERESFORD has issued his recent survey of
China under the title of "The Break-Up of China." Ho Vow,
who ranks next to Wu Tung Fang, Imperial Embassador at Wash
ing-ton, takes exception to Lord Beresford's statements and has
some startling ideas of his own relative to the question.
Coming from such high authority and one so well posted up
on the diplomatic relations of his country as Mr. Ho Vow. the pos
itive opinions expressed should certainly carry great weight, a"nd
are particularly interesting- upon the eve of an apparently great
crisis in the affairs of the Chinese empire.
Ho Vow has also something to say of the Chinaman as set
forth in Bret Harte's "Heathen Chinee." Besides, he enters into
the subject of future trade relations between the Celestial king
dom and the United States — a matter of the utmost importance to
San Francisco^
r Z^f TALI., wiry man of about 35
f years of age, with an oliv< m
r~~ pWion and the dear, sharp-cut
>• features of the Chinese upper
*■ class, wearing tlir> conventional
qt;eue and a very unconventional,
stubby mustache of ebdity black, at
tired in a drab garment of finely t-x
--fabvic, insignia of his office, this
gentleman sat before me >n a room of
the Imperial Chinese Embassy on
Stockton street and save his opinions
• of Lord Charles Beres
ford's recent survey of China, which are
embodied in his book just issued, called
"The Break-up of China."
Mr. Vow is the next highest imperial
official in ih° United States to the Chi
nese Minister or Embassador at Wash
ington, Mr. Wu Tuna- Fang. Mr. Fang
is, however, the head representative ol
th< Chinese Government for' three na
. th» United S1 Spain and
ntries which might form a
triangle in their geographical locations.
and which would seem to be about as
veniently segregated and situated
for the supervision of one man as any
•i the globe of equal area
II be. Still Mr. Fang rules
[fe in the three nations and
Mr. I'ow Is h I in command.
Mr. Vow is a brother-in-law of Mr.
Fang, the latter having married his sis
ter. The family is highly connected in
official circles in China, a brother of
Mr. You at present being a memlv-r of
the ■ Legislature and others
holdir.-- if distinction.
Mr. Tow was formerly foreign sec
retary of the legation in "Washington
and was educated in England. He la
widely verged in diplomatic affairs,
Fpeaks the Knglish language as fluently
as one to the manner born, and not
only has keen, practical views upon the
relations of the two countries as re
gards commerce, but is profound both
in political economy and diplomacy.
Mr. Tow is not alone at the embassy,
however, for it is the residence also of
Mr. Shouting 1 , Consul for California,
nnd Messrs. Wong, Chan, Moore, Wang,
Wan and Lao, "wh<> are secretaries Rnd
attaches of the legation. Mr. Shouting
was formerly a member of the Chinese
diplomatic corps at Washington and
has had long experience in foreign offl.
cial life.
Mr. Tow has resided in San Fran
cisco three years. His family is in
China, but will shortly Join him here.
While in Washing-ton Mrs. Tow was
one of the most esteemed ladies in of
ficial society and was foremost at most
of its functions. The paucity of sala
■f Chinese officials, of which Lord
Beresford complains as being the chief
cause of the unsatisfactory condition
of imperial finances, does not obtain in
the diplomatic department. The salary
<;f the Consul General to the United
States is 55000 a year besttles fees.
These latter come not only through of
ficiating in matters of trade, but in
conducting inquests of arbitration
among Chinese subjects. There is no
consular court here, such as is held by
European and American Consuls in
various paj;s of Asia, for the Chinese
are accessible to the courts of the
United States as aliens, but the Juris
diction of these latter cannot extend
outside the limits of the United States.
The effect of the decrees of Mr. Tow
operate over the person and property
of th^ contestants in China, although
as such they do not bind him in the
United States, except as a result of ar-'
bitrament and award in the usual form.
Of social life at the embassy there is
at present comparatively little. The
absence of ladies Is the cause of this.
After the arrival of Mrs. Tow, how
ever, this may be considerably changed.
It was formerly the custom for the for
eign representatives in San Francisco
to give a series of dinners to each other
during the year, but for some inex
plicable reason this fashion has fallen
into abeyance. Now the Chinese Con
sul General, instead of having a din
ner, gives a reception on Chinese New
Year, which occurs in February. To
this all foreign representatives and
their families are invited, as well as
the ri\ii and military functionaries of
the city.
Mr. Y'.>\v talk? vivaciously. Ho has
an incisive, direct style, which might
ii- ■ \- ■■.;..! i<p belong more io the busi
ness man than to the dfp!i mat. It
should b« called The Wake t'p of
.' '' he aisSei ted, r fen ng to Lord
Beresford's book. "His Lordship was
sent out by the Chambers '>f <"ommeree
igland to investigate the country
from the standpoint - f British trade,
its existing status ami its possibilities,
and no doubt he p< rformed hi? mission
well. But I do not think even his con
clusions justify his report taking the
title which has been given it. It is
folly t'i talk of China 'breaking' up.'
What is it going to break up into? The
Chinese empire contains a population
of four hundred millions of people.
They are a race strong in traditions,
exceedingly set in th>-ir Ways, who have
a most Idolatrous esteem for their own
Government and its forms, and who
v ould resist to the death the imposition
upon them of ai government by
ar. History has shown
us exhibitions of a whole people rising
en masse and rejecting thf yoke of a
-n nation, and we know that no
struggles are so desperate. A hundred
years ago you had an instance of it in
the Spanish at Zaragossa; Joseph Rnn
aparte's throne could never be safe to
him with those who should have been
his subjects s<> resistful to his rule as
were the Spanish people. No doubt
there are nations who have trained a
foothold in th^ Bast who want Chinese
territory, but they would be fooled if
they took it. :,nd they would be pre
v< nt»d from taking it. not alone by
China, but by ea'-h other, foi they are
exceedingly jealous over -an advantage
gained by one in the country which
the other does not share. It is for this
T\)e Legation in font of the Embassy.
Wong, Lao, Shouting, Chan, Wang, hjo Vow.
reason that China and the Chinese look
so favorably upon the Americans. You
do not want our territory, you only
want our trade, and there is less o:'
suspicion, < apprehension, investing? the
Chinese mind toward Americans than
is the case of any other nation. Eng
land not excepted. and she manifestly
Is not only resolved' not- to encroach
upon our territory, but has practically
undertaken to keep It intatt.
"And yet," continued Mr. Tow, "if
any nation should take a piece of China,
what would they do with it? I have
m,-t heard that England .has be<tn so
gratified with her acquisition of Hong
kong that she desires more of the same.
In fact, as I have said, she does not
want China parceled. Japan desired
territory at the close of her successes
in the late war, but now she appar
ently does not want territory, but has
made overtures to assist China to put
her armies on a footing to defend the
vast interests of the empire against
modern methods of warfare. No, none
can rule the Chinese like the Chinese;
BAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
the Job of administering a government
of four hundred millions of people, who
may be as turbulent as any other peo
ple when occasion arises, is not a thing
to be sought after; especially is it not
an aspiration by European nations,
who may at any time have all they can
do at home. The situation is adequately
presented in the reply recently made in
the House of Cdmmons of England by
the Under Secretary to Lord Beresford,
who criticized the Government's atti
tude upon the Tangtse River. The
secretary said: "England has interests
in China, but It has a thousand times
greater interests in Europe and it must
look to these first.' This is the real
status of every nation of Europe who
is in the East to-day; the only trouble
with some of them is that they don't
know it.
"You must know," continued Mr.
Tow, "that very recently a great
change has come over the face of things
In the Orient. Th» Chinese people are
waking up. They have been in a slum
ber of centuries, but they find that
they have now got to face new condi
tions which have been thrust upon
them by the enlightenment of the
Western world. Japan was prompt to
see this, and she has applied Western
benefits to herself. She utilized these
in the late war. Tt is a hard way for
BClence and knowledge to be injected
into a nation, but it is nevertheless
effective; you have heard of great fires
building cities; and marvelous bene
fits may be acquired to the defeated
nation from the most disastrous of
wars.
"The Chinese need to be taught. They
are hungering now for a knowledge of
western ways. They want western ma
chinery, appliances, methods. No coun
try can furnish these in such a degree
as the United States. Your Invention
and engineering is in advance of those
of any other nation. The country to
conquer China — or rather I should say
convert China— is not Russia, in many
respects nearly as dark as itself, but
the United States, with all its marvels
of mechanics and its ingenuity in turn
ing the forces of nature to the uses of
man. In such a conquest China ex
tends the welcome hand, for it is one
which would raise our people to a
higher plane, which would lift up the
individual as well as the nation, for
as a chain is no stronger than its
weakest Unk, so it ought to be an
axiom of administrative science that a
government is never superior to the
welfare of its humblest subject. The
exaltation of the Chinese must be ef
fected, and this must be done through
the practical avenues of his material
advancement. The Chinese are quiet,
intelligent and exceedingly industrious.
Honesty with them is a kind of reli
gion. Bret Harte misrepresented us
hugely in the 'Heathen Chinee." I am
sorry to have to believe that the euchre
trickster of Poker Flat, who had
On the ends of his fingers, which tapered,*,
What is frequent in tapers— that's wax.
nas erected in the American mind an
ideal of Chinese character. There are
tricksters among us, to be sure, but the
Chinese as a people are honest. Joe
Ooetz, a German-American, who owns
this building, owns also about half of
Chinatown. He lends a great deal of
money to the Chinese merchants. I
understand he has now about $600,
--000 loaned out among them. I will war
rant that for not a dollar he has
loaned to Chinese has he a scrap of pa
per to show. He does not require it;
it is not customary among Chinese to
give such. A Chinese asks Air. Goetz
for a loan of -$1000; he wants it at 9
per cent for six months. All right; he
gets it. That is the end of that part
of the transaction. At the end of the
six months the merchant goes to him
and gives him his money and interest.
Among the Chinese the word of a bor
rower is his bond. Ido not believe that
Mr. Goetz deals with other nationali
ties in the same manner.
"This leads me to say that a vast op
portunity now lies open to the Ameri
ca tip in the Orient. You are most ag
gressive people for trade when you once
get started. If you would pursue the
methods of trade getting among the
Chinese in China that you employ
among yourselves, the country would
be at your feet in a few years. We are
not a poor nation; w-e have among us
the accumulated wealth of thousands of
years of continuous nationality. We
have gold to buy and we have domin
ion over a region of the earth's surface
inferior to no like scope in undeveloped
resources. The greatest opportunity
which exists on the globe to-day for a
vast aggregate of people is open to the
Americans in China. Now is the time;
heretofore the minds of our people were
not prepared to receive you; now they
are. I remember only very recently
that a half-dnzen American business
men went to China on a pleasure trip.
They had, no notion of doing business,
but they had. entree into the higher and
official element of the country and
managed to get acquainted with some
of our merchants. When they returned
to the United States they had contracts
aggregating over $5,000,000.
"And, indeed," continued Mr. Tow, "I
am gratified to observe that the Ameri
cans are turning their attention to
China. Through my brother-in-law,
Minister Fang, Mr. Rockefeller hastak
en a concession for a thousand miles of
railway from Canton to Hankow,
through one of the most populous and
cultivated districts of China, and this
will shortly be undergoing construction.
Besides this road there are 2577 miles of
road projected, for which contracts
have been signed, and nearly 2000 miles
of other lines are actually being built,
making in all nearly 6000 miles of new
railroads, which are either building or
contracted to be built, and which will
be in operation within a few years.
This will give you 6ome idea of how
China is waking up, and of the business
there is there for Americans if they will
only go after It.
"China needs thousands of things you
have here to sell. She needs your flour,
your sugar, petroleum, your metals,
implements. glassware and infinite
else. In only one town in China, Hong
kong, Is there a water works; there are
no electric light plants, no telephones
or telegraphs, street railway lines or
factories.
"With all of these advantages offered
Americans in China," continued Mr.
Tow, "we feel that the peoples of the
two nations should be brought closer
together. My brother-in-law has
sought through an eminent Congress
man to secure some modification of the
exclusion act. The United States have
been grossly misled upon the exclusion
of Chinese and they are now pursuing
a wrong policy. You are driving Chi
nese emigrants into Mexico, where
there are no exclupion laws, who would
otherwise come here and help develop
your country- It is a fallacy to be
lieve that a Chinese will work cheaper
than any one else. You cannot get a
Chinese cook to-day in California for
the same money that you can get one
of a European nation. You can see
that the rheap labor fallacy is now ex
ploded. You have no restrictions to
the introduction of Japanese laborers,
except that they come upon contract,
and this obtains as we3l against Eu
rope as apainst Asia. If this law had
been at all times in existence there
never would have been a Chinese ques
tion on this coast, for the cause of it
was the importation of coolies to build
the Union Pacific 1 Railroad. They came
in too Large numbers to become di
gested by the country and to compre
hend their environment. Still there
never was at any time over 100,000 Chi
nese on this coast; there are now about
50.000.
"As I have remarked, you do not have
any restriction upon Japanese immi
gration, and when we ask the cause of
this obvious discrimination we are told
that there are only fifty millions of
Japanese and that only a small per
centage of them can come at all events,
but of the Chinese there are hundreds
of millions and if the gates were not
closed against them the country would
become inundated with their popula
tion. This is entirely erroneous. It is
not commonly known that the Chinese
in the United States are all from the
Kwang Tung pn-vince in the south of
China. They are Cantonese. In this
district there are not more people than
there are in Japan. The Chinese from
elsewhere would not come here. They
could not speak the dialect of the Tungs
nor get along with them and they
would not come. Nor would the Tungs
themselves come in large numbers.
For people to move in armies they must
be marshaled in armies. An agent stir
ring up people to go to a remote region
and accept employment for a definite
Increase of their existing wages may
moVe a vast number; but if they are
left to be influenced only by the gener
ally superior advantages of a country
for residence and occupation, such will
act alone upon the individual and not
upon the assemblage; and you will get
only an emigrant here and there.
"With more Chinese In the United
States the trade of the United States
with China would be greater. Chinese
now here, largely engage in production
and shipment to China. Industry in
these lines would Increase proportion
ately with the increase of Chinese pop
ulation. Trade as it at present exists
with China is on the increase, but you
buy vastly more than you sell us. In
L 897, for instance, you imported from
China on this coast $10,450.0<V) worth
of goods and sent us only $3,556,000 of
goods, the larger part of which was
flour. This condition could easily be
reversed. Your treaty with us, how
ever, needs revision, not alone in its
exclusion clauses, but in other respects,
particularly in the matter of the opium
v trade. Under its existing provisions
neither a Chinese nor an American can
engage in importing opium. Last year
there was a cargo of this product which
came to San Francisco upon which the
duty alone was $150,600. The profits on
that shipment and upon all such ship
ments could not go to Americans. Why
do you elect to deny yourselves the
benefit and throw it into the hands of
Europeans?
"Upon the whole, I wish to say," con
tinued Mr. Vow, "that there has never
been a time In the nistory of the two
nations that all the conditions seem to
favor such close amity as the present.
Our arising development, the existence
of the open-door status of China, the
awakening demands of our government
and our people in the lines of progress,
your genius, enterprise and power In
material fields, from all this va.st re
sults must be achieved. An immense
amount of benefit irPgetting Americans
to understand China has been effected
by Mr. Fang. He is himself thoroughly
in touch with American life and is un
doubtedly the most valuable man for
this mission whom China possesses.
His term expires next year, but he will
in all probability be reappolnted, as the
existing administration in China is
looking first to the capacities and pecu
liar fitnesses of men for prescribed work
and to their personalities and connec
tions afterward. A few years of
drawing the lines closer between the
United States and China, such as has
been done through the activities of Mr.
Fang, will place the reciprocal interests
of the two nations on a far different
footing from what they are to-day."
In conclusion Mr. Vow stated that
he was. with trre purpose of Introducing
American goods into China on some
thing of a complete scale, arranging a
plan to this end. The difficulty In intro
ducing American goods to China has al
ways been that Americans do not know
how to go about It, as the Chinese are
very deliberate and great sticklers on
form. To present American interests
to Chinese, therefore, is Mr. Vow's aim,
and he is thoroughly familiar with the
methods to be pursued in doing this.
Being widely known in China and mov
ing upon a high plane of citizenship
and society, this can be more readily
and perfectly accomplished. The de
tails of tjje undertaking have not yet
been announced, but they will transpire
through diplomatic channels.18
CURIOUS ALASKAN CUSTOMS:
PEOPLE, MINES AND DOGS
IN THE month of December, having
on to maki journey up the
Yukon Rivi r from Russl in Mission to
■ i, Alaska, a distanci of
ndred i
: | ion with a party who
ip a train of about fifty
•v miles with a
int. But to
. with tempera
.-.,; tO
c your
leltlng, is not a
ure.
One i£ compelled to walk a great por
tion of the liino to 'keep from freezing.
Where the snow 6 at all iirm or where
there is clear ice the dogs run, and who
ever keeps pace with them must do
likewise, so in addition to other accom
plishments the Yukon traveler should
properly a-dd that of sprinting.
The ice of the Yukon freezes very rough.
Many times we came to impassable bar
rier? through which the way had to be
cut -and the setting of the sleighs was
of frequent occurrence.
We were twenty-four days makin the
trip of less than four hundred miles. We
t=.;-ldom made thirty mil' a. day, occa
sionally only five, and some days, owing
to storms or other causes, we did not
move at all. The dops would r\in away
and have to be hunted for or the Indian
would go on a strike. He would wait till
the t:>Vhs were loaded, dogs harnessed
and everything ready for departure, when
he would coolly inform us that he was go
ing no further. Then he would have to
be coaxed to continue by an addition to
the wages already agreed upon.
Had Madge Mori ever made the
acquaintance of the Eskimo dog I am
satisfied her poem on the coyote, who
"howls and howls." would never have
been written— the ' vocal (Torts of the
coyote would have seemed too insignifi
cant to write about.
They are quarrelsome fellows, these dogs,
always ready for a fight, nd during our
trip it- kept one of us continually on the
alert to prevent them from injuring each
other. The food for them is no small
mattrr. It consists usually of dried or
frozen salmon, and these fish cost from
10 to 50 cents apiece, according to location.
The average price is 25 cents. Doers at
■work are fed one fish a day.
The high pr: of dogs and the dif
ficulty of obtaining: food for them causes
many prospectors to dispense with their
use and to draw their sleds themselves.
ks of the Yukon the nu
merous w i cabins often afford
timely sheitpr. They arp a hospitabli
prV. ar>- glad to see visitors. In th< a In
dian villages a cabin twelve feet by fifteen
ARCHIE GUNN'S $100 PRIZE GOLF GIRL PICTURE.
Is commonly occupied by from six to ten
na belonging to two or more fami
lies. There are P.-ld..m any partitions In
the houses, and the furnishings are very
■ Indeed. Yukon stoves have found
their way Into a pood many of them.
howeve r, and the nativi s are learning- the
white man's ways nuite rapidly. As a
• • . trious; they work
only.to obtain food for the present, and
occupy themselves very little with the
future. The women perform most of the
\\ mi thi of those who
■ missions, they
■ work, but
are very skillful with the needle. They
ten food, and many of
■i ' i .• 1 1 s*? t . • ni i • rdwood
he river Bteamers.
The winter 's he natives' time for feast
ing and dancing! At the larger Mages
there are public halls, or "kachimes. 1
where the entertainments are held. These
iire called "potlatches and everybody
%vho attends Is expected to contribute
presents, according to his financial Stand
ing 1 . If ,< man Is known to have been act
ing ns pilot or to have made money selling
wood he is expected to contribute very
liberally to the "pile." I was told by a
native of considerable intelligence that
it was difficult for a man to accumulate
wealth, for every year he made anything
lii trading he. had to give it all away again
at thy "potlatches" or Incur the i!l will
cf his people.
A - i,- •■• Maypole dance is the principal.
feature at these feasts.'? Both men an
women tnlce art and everybody sings
and mak 9 as much noise as possible.
During intermissions refreshments are
served, consisting of fish eggs and ice
ream. To the Eskimo fish eggs, as he
prepares them, are the quintessence of
all that is good to eat. They are removed
from the freshly caught fish in the sum
mer, buried In the earth till, thoroughly
putrefied, then dried In the sun,, then
packed -away for use on extra occasions.'
The odor i- naturally strong.
The ice cream is made ofVseal oil, Into
which snnw is stirred until the desired
consistency has been obtained; then
frozen s berries of different kinds are add
ed, with a little of the fish egg for flavor
ing. In serving these daintie.g spoons are
dispense-! ■..;•:. and the waiter uses his
fingers to deposit a small portion In the
hand of each guest.
To decline these • ie? would be con
sidered unfriendly. I attended one of the
functions and received my portion of
sweets on my handkerchief. A fit of
coughing prevented me from eating it at
once, sn watching my opportunity I pre
sented it, handkerchief "■■' all, to a dis
consolate looking native near me who had
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JILT 9, 1899.
not been given any. He bolted It. with
such evident enjoyment that I felt quite
rewarded for the sacrifice I had made.
The missionaries have done a great
work in elevating the condition >>f the
natives. At Holy Cross Mission the Sls
ters of the Order of St. Ann have a fine
school, with about a hundred girls, who
live In the mission. They also conduct a
day school In the villag< •
In addition to th^ regular school work
■ ■ girls In the mission are taught needle
work, cooking and general housework.
I was told by the sisters that they found
;hes.' children very teachable indeed
when they took them quite away from
their home Influence, and that their
school work compared favorably with
that of other children of the same age.
The Jesuit Fathers at the same place
maintain a school for boys, and have a
number under training.
At Anvick Mi-' Episcopalians have a
mission, which, in tier the charge of Rev.
,T. I". Chapman, his wife, and two other
ladies. Is doing spl<-:idid work. They
::!vt' been eleven vro's In the field. The
uplifting of the adult native Is a slow and
thankless task. The flirt and squalor that
the missionary has to wade through In
the fuliilh'.K ni i f his unsalaried duty is
something no pen can picture.
From the number of tnpii who are cut
ting wood along the Yukon thin season It
;s probable that tlie steamship companies
will h:\v plenty of fuel at cheap prices
this summer, for a large majority of the
disappointed prospectors faave gone to
ping wood. Most of these people
came here entirely uninformed as to the
character- of the Yukon River. They
were under the Impression that anything
that would float would do to go up to the
diggings, so tiny organized companies,
each man putting In a certain amount.
With this they purchased a boat, knocked
clown, to be pui together a 1 St. Michael;
a year r.r eighteen months' supply of pro
8, and start* d for the gold fields.
The delay In putting the l>«>at together at
St. Michael wh? twice as Long us any of
them expected, hence all were late in
starting up the ri> • r.
Then thj lr r< al trouble commenced. The
Yukon has a very swift current, and in
• there are rapids which take pow
erful machinery to overcome. So many
wen obliged to return to St. Mi<
Others spenj the whole summer in traw
eftng ;' few hundred miles, [n i f.tx-
quence the lower river is full of di
pointed miners, bound for the Koyukuk
and Tanana.
Too many people have come to this
country with the i<"« ;i thai the: can ac
cumulate vast wealth in one season; but
they art? rapidly getting disillusioned.
They are coming in contact with old min
ers and prospectors who have spent
years in the country and are still search
ing for that rich claim that is to send
them home with enough to live on for
life.
One old gentleman remarked this morn
ing that he had been in cold countries
brf"r<\ places where it was bo cold that
if a ma>; were to expose himself be would
from the "outside In." Bul a coun
try where after a man put on all the
IN TRAINING
FOR THE
RING.
£^=rp T the present time the various
If V\ methods of training are ques-
Ji j\ tions thai are being widely dis
-11 0\ cussed by all who are interested
H v* iti pugilistic affairs. The result
of the Jeffries-Fitzsimmons fight would
seem to warrant the belief that his
method of preparing for a contest was a
wrong one; but Lanky Bob will not listen
to any such suggestions. lli j has his own
explanations to account for his defeat and
his training system does not appear as
one of them. In fact the training ques
tion is one over Which expert opinion dif
fers is greatly as upon almost any con-
ceivable subject.
Charlie White, who has handled many
pugilists in his time, says that Corbett
needed more training than any man he
ever knew. At the same time he is erf
the opinion that the ex-champion over
did the matter. He insisted upon taking
long runs, he made his boxing bouts as
long as possible and discontinued them
only to commence a long seance with the
bag. He wrestled, he ran any distance
without tiring, and yet. after all. he did ,
not have sufficient vital force to enable
him to stand up before Fltzsimmons.
fiharkey, on the other hand, does no
such stunts. He has often said that he
did not think a whole lot of training nec
essary. "I'm usually willing to flght, " he
said, "and I don't find much trouble In
getting ready for it. Distance doesn't
count. I'm always fit, and I always play
to make the pace hot. Hard work hard
ens a man. and I like to do plenty of
that A minute's rest counts for a whole
lot. A man who has lived right can not
only get his wind back, but his strength.
Hn'"a as good as when he started, or
should be. As for me..l like long work,
quick work, and lately I ye had a disa
greement with my trainer* because they
WRnted a limit. They said I wanted to
do too much work and pull down too fine,
hut It was Just fun for me to make them
take exercise, and I kept at It. I tell you
There's nothing like feeling In right good
shape. Then work isn't work, and noth
ing tires you. You're not afraid of any
body on earth, and you don't care If you
are going to wrestle, box, run or do any
0l BoiiS 1 o?' Fltzslmmons 1 friends Insist that
h» did not follow out his old methods
wh»n he prepared for his fight with Jef
tries and one thing at least Is certain
in the use of alcoholic beverages during
th.* training period Bob stands practically
alone His haUt of drinking Ice water
when In a perspiration is another thing
that most athletes avoid At the same
time he trains hard. He slugged the bag
for long periods, he hnxed furiously with
Dan Hickey and Yank Kenney and he had
dally runs, covering a distance of from
.six to ten miles at a speed that would
have rendered an ordinary man speech
\t the same time the then-champion
was not particular as to what he had to
.at The only thing that troubled him
was to get enough to satisfy his appetite.
Porterhouse steak, four or five slices or
veal potatoes, bread and butter in un
(\ Lively Figbt In the Tean).
furs hf> could Ptaprgrer under, and then
the cold went systematically to work and
froze him from "inside out." was a place
he intended to get out of as soon as he
could get enough cordwood out to pay his
fare.
The discovery of the diggings at Cape
Nome seems to have been quite by aecl
d.-nt. Three men in a small sail boat
were blown in there by stress of weather
and thought while there they mii?ht as
well look around. They did so. and struck
what appears now to be the best
pect on the American side. Cape Nome
is situate-.: on Norton Sound, 230 miles
it-- .iii St. Michael and about sixty miles
from Golovin Bay. A private letter s>-nt
to a party now at this place states that
men who are working their claims are
taking oul about $!'"> a day.
There is no end of 'trouble there on ac
count of locations l>y proxy. Companies
limited quantities, olives, pickles, pre
served fruits ,m<l cake constituted a meal
from which be arose satisfied. During
the meal he drank two bottles <>f beer
and later m the day partook of a cordial.
Jeffries does not believe In partaking
of any alcoholic liquors while training,
and, like Sharkey, he enjoys his exercise
bo greatly that his period of preparation
for a tifcht is more like play than work.
His exercise, however, is oftenvof the
most violent order. After a long and
very fast run, ending in a sprint of 800
or 600 yards, he skips the rope before
taking his, bath, rub down and massage
and !a always surprised that any one
should think that his fancy steps would
be difficult after his task on the road.
Jeffries 1 method of training varies little
from that of other pugilists.
When preparing for his fight with Pitz
slmmons he boxed with Jim Daly and
Tommy Ryan, punched the bag. exercised
with the medicine ball and the wrist ma
chine, ran, played handball, rowed on the
lake, enjoyed long spins on his bicycle and
put in his days in ;i manner highly pleas
ant to him. Unlike Fitzslmmons, his bouts
with his trainer? were more scientific than
rough-aivl-tumble. They did not attempt
to hit him hard, and he used no force in
the blows that landed upon them. All his
force was saved for the punching-ba*, and
Kid Lavignc Believes in Moderate Training.
have been formed by men working at
S* Michael of fifteen or twenty members
who have. sent over representatives ..with
The rower of attorney of each to locate
claims for then, in every district. In this
w^v men who have never been on the
ground have secured as many as a dozen
claims This is naturally causing dis
satisfaction to the later arrivals, so
claims are being jumped.
The Hogakiaket^River, where it is re
ported such a rich strike has been made
is a tributary to the Koyukuk River and
the diggings are ZOO miles UD stream from
the Koyukuk and about 800 off the \u-
V The camp at present contains about 125
miners, who are workfng claims. Report,
are very promising. 38 cents to the pan
Wins the average yield where any devel
opment has been mail*. There will be a
Irush there from all along the river
in the- spring.
All along the Koyukuk River boats are
stranded, having been overtaken by the
ice before reaching the promised and.
Many men from the boats • nearest the
Yukon have come down on the river to
cut wood. They have seen that what they
supposed was a two years' supply of pro
visions would last but one: so they are
afraid to go prospecting lest they will be
unlucky and have no supplies for next
winter.
Since I have been in the country I have
seen miners doing everything but mine.
An ex-Governor of Nevada acted as cook
all of last summer for a trader at- th«
mouth of the Koyukuk and people who
tested his skill say he Is an artist in the
culinary line.
The United States mall service Is
blamed and justly, too, for many of the
disappointments of people here. The con
tract for carrying the mail has been let to
parties who are making but a feeble at
tempt to comply with its provisions.
There has been no mail down the river
from Dawson this winter, although the
contract reads that there is to be a
monthly service as far as St. Michael, be
ginning October 5.
There are hundreds and hundreds of
men along the river longing for news from
their homes, and 1 believe I voice the sen
timent of the entire number when I say
that our Government ought to give this
matter immediate attention. The service
was no better last summer when naviga
tion was open. ELMA McNAUGHT.
then he put in the energy that Fltzsim
mODs discovered to his sorrow.
In eating Jeffries has always been care
ful. He cats heartily, as a man must do
if he exercises so freely, but he always
leaves the table at v time when he could
still eat more. Ilia beverages are water,
which he drinks sparingly, and weak tea
with his meal.-'.
"Kid" Lavigne is another pugilist who
does not believe In overtraining-, and he
has little difficulty in getting Into fighting
trim. His experience with Walcott, who
worked too bard to reduce his flesh has
taught him not to try to get down too
"tine," and there are few among the
Hunter weight men who come Into the
ring in a better general condition than
l^ivigne. He is always careful in what
he eats and drinks and he Is regular In
his hours, and this regularity does not
confine itself to his hours of sleep. A
certain form of exercise Is taken at a
certain time every day, and while he does
not exercise as violently as some of the
bigger men, he is unsparing of his efforts
if his trainers discover any point in which
ho shows a defect. Lavigne has always
been his own worst critic and was never
known to leave the ring perfectly satis
fied with the work that he has done. As
the natural result, his training: Is carried
on as faithfully as possible.THEATRICAL STARS WHO PREFER TO KEEP HOUSE.
The Miller Company Will Not Board.
Miss flnglin's Home a "Love"— Mr.
Miller a Master of the Chafing Dish
and Guy Standing Coo^s Wrjile H' s
Bulldog Lool^s On Wit!} (Appreciation.
J"I*HE leading members of the Henry
Miller Company, even including
the star himself, are indulging In
the doubtful luxury of "keeping
house."
pared and eves, joys of hotel
life, such as dinner always on time and
excellently cooked, rooms always in
OUR MODERN
JAPHETS
WHEN the clever New York
woman wrote that ••harming
. •■ ■ "in Search of An An
: • the public acc< p1
work as theweaving of a pleas-
ant fancy Into a picturesque
woof. There a certain woman blessed
with the rather common name of Divver
starts out to found for herself an an
cestry, and by founding means finding.
She finally reaches the conclusion that
the origin of the name of Divver was De
Yere. and having: accepted the solution
of thf> puzzling question proceeded to sign
herself De Vere and assume the crest and
armorial bearings of that Norman fam
ily The picture of "William Astor of
Clieveden; England, pursuing the same
famous quest has in it every element or
the pathetic, but what gives this vanity
a more distressing aspect arises from the
fact that he published his desire for an
ancestry in a magazine owned by him
self and wrote the article himself. If he
had displayed more judgment the rank
ness of his offense might have passed, for
the supposition would naturally have
arisen that some flatterer was seeking op
pnrtunitvto curry favor with the rich man
by seeking for him an interesting descent.
Mr. Astor has probably heard that there
is a well-known disease which in common
language is known as conceit. This con
ceit when well developed eventually lands
its victim in an insane asylum, and un
less Mr. Astor can be made to think less
of himself and of his ancestry the chances
tire that ho may possibly become a luna
tic •
But on this question of ancestry are we
not all more or less Insane? Is not the
American people more curious about its
descent than most people? Do we not
more or less find for ourselves an inter
esting pedigree, and to what good? The
traveler in the United States is most fre
quently impelled to the wonder how it
comes about that every distinguished fam
ily, some known to be extinct, has its
representative here. We gayly carol about
our claims for probably the simple rea
son we know we are too busy a clasa to
stand disputations. We know, too, that
had we the wealth we should be too
actively making the officials of Herald:}
<'ollege ferret out our own claims to gen
tle birth and rascally forbears to worry .
ourselves about the pretensions of others.
Though we are a democratic people, and
should hold with the Rev. John Ball, v. ho
some hundred years ago used as a text—
"When Adam dug and Eve ppan,
Who was then the gentleman?"
We certainly do not. Mr. William Astor,
MARION HARLAND GIVES A WORD
OF ADVICE TO FINICAL FEEDERS.
THE foundation of the habit is almost
invariably laid in childhood.
"Tom cannot abide roast mutton, -I
says the mother, with an Intonation
which fastens the idea in Tom's small
mind that the disinclination, once or
twice expressed, perhaps when he had
eaten too many surreptitious sweets, in
some way confers importance upon him.
The next tlnvf roast mutton is the piece
de resistance of the family dinner, he re
fuses it yet more pointedly^and sulks un
til a tid-bit he can "abide* is laid upon
his plate.
The whim grow? by what it does not
ipon. One after another article of
food is added to the list of the proscribed
and Tom grows into youth and manhood
"a finical feeder." Wherever he is met
;.nd at whatever age, he is a terror
pitable, an abomination In the
eight of the boarding-house keeper, and
a smoke In the nostrils of sensible, oom
ilace people who have found other
action than the display of
gastronomic likes and dislikes.
"Eat what is set before thee, asking no
questions, for conscience's sake," wrote
the gentlemanly apostle. In a day when
there la no risk of being set down un
awares to meat that has been offered to
Idols, we may amend the Injunction to
suit the circumstances. "Eat what is set
before you," or pretend to eat it. Never
except at th" last gasp of conscientious
resrard lor the truth, intimate to the
perfect order and domestics who per
form their labors unheard and unseen
—all this tempts not this band of tal
ented Thespians. Neither does the
spirit of Bohemia enthrall and call
them. On the contrary they seem to
have smashed a.ll the so called tradi
tions of the stage, and once out of the
owner of one of the most beautiful homes
i!i England, has onlj published his van
ity because he is thick skinned and has
money. Are there not hundreds of
our citizens in San Francisco who would
do the same provided they had the means
and the opportunity?
It Is futile to say there would nobody
be forthcoming. The poor old g< ntleman
■ -Ml. stout Irish descent who sud
denly discovered thai his name carried
with it a crest was suddenly wild of Joy.
In his humble days, using his pi'k and
shovel or painting or odd Jobbing, ambi
tion did not mock his useful toil. His
aching back and limbs did not permit his
brain to conceive joyous dreams nf crests,
mottoes, armorial bearings; but when
th placed her fat ringer, his mind
at rest wandered homeward. The old
mud hut and thatch roof, the squalor, the
potato patch and the family pigs became
idealized. He wondered about that home,,
his kith, his kin. and that wondering soft
and chastened his character. The
years had been hardly spent in accumu
lating wealth; tenderness and aJI those
little arts which go toward making a man
more lovable had been ruthlessly thrust
aside, and in that dim, unconscious way
ol wondering about Ids kith and kin ami
to what branch of that numberless clan
be belonged, he came upon the intelli
gence that this well-known name in po
lice and prison circles had the right to
n ear a crest.
The oid gentleman hurriedly pent for
a sign painter, who on huge boards cov
ered with canvas painted ills crest. He
was determined that each man bearing
his name should also partake of bis hap-
I i »•!,; to I hem as pr< ■
enormous signs. Some laughed at thi
eccentricity and received the slgne
as a token of amit> . but among the
younger members the crest was accepted
as genuine and blazed from their note
papers and from the panels of their car
riages. This was a case ol -Mr. Astor in
the city.
Cndoubtedly there are good names in
the United States which have received
terrible mauling. Take the well-known
name of Talmage; 11 is assuredly the Toi
'.emach<> of England, upon whose gate
way Is this proud ins'-ript ion :
"Before the Normans to England came
tley was my neat ana Tollemache
was- my name."
Now also take the nnm^ nf Maude,
very well known in this State, whose
owners have the right to claim that
they -ire sprung from the De Montalts. an
at and proud Norman family. The
Vaux of this State claim to be from that
Vaux who despoiled GiSmore of the lands
of Torcrossock and Trlermaln and be
came earl thereof. But these names show
maker of th° feast that "ou dislike any
dish prepared for her guests.
The needless expression of such distaste
is, perhaps, a half degree short of an in
sult, but in social etiquette we seldom
measure grades with such exactness. L#ike.
the coachman chosen from his competi
tors for his shrewd mother wit, we drive
as far from the edge of the precipice as
we can. if driven to brutal veracity give
some ether reason than personal aversion
for declining to partake of the dish. It is
a matter of no consequence whatever to
society at large that you do not eat raw
oysters. In fact one can hardly imagine
a fact more nearly infinitesimal. If offered
to you with the option of sn-coptance or
refusal, you can let the dish pass. If the
obnoxious portion be laid upon your plate
and you cannot summon the fortitude to
swallow a mouthful, toy with it, or let It
alone, and talk as for your life, to divert
attention from your lack of conformity
to established customs.
In the black book of my memory Is writ
ten the story of one luncheon to which a
business acquaintance of my husband was
invited, unexpectedly to me. He called
,it our country house Just at noon, and
there was no time to alter the menu had
a market been near. Thus the incident Is
recorded in the aforesaid Doomsday book:
Imprimis— Cream of asparagus soup. Vis
itor "never ate asparagus In any form."
Second dish— Pickerel caught In the lake
thnt morning. Visitor "did not care for
fresh water fish." Third failure — Cold
beel a la mode, especially lino, to my way
of thinking. Visitor "never tasted spiced
or larded meat." Fourth failurt — Tomato
ealad. "Visitor had an unfortunate an
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
theater endeavor to their utmost to be
come like their more commonplace sis
ters and brethren who love that Httle
place, humble and unpretentious, they
call "home."
Tf you ask any of them why they
have added housekeeping to their nu
merous other burdens they will an
swer, "because — because home is
gnmi' connection and their owners can
establish a direct connection if they are
so minded. None can deny the claims of
i ie P< ftons of Santa Cruz to a gentility
aa ai i lent as any in England, 'xuc Pey
_■■ direct to the conquent of England
by the marauder William and they and
tli. 1»• Malets, a family which is probably
extinct, were among William's strongest
supporters in the art of suppressing the
■ born. Before the splendor of the
Peyton descent the claims of the Chnrch-
VVellesleys and others -of England's
new nobility somewhat pale. The name
of Tobln has suffered evil treatment In
he mouths of the unregenerate. It was
originally St. Aubyn and by easy stages
developed into Tobin. Th ■ Tobln famil\
of this city claim Norman descent, and
their claim must be conceded.
Perhaps among- families that of Arpad
H;ir;is/-ny has the most picturesque his
tory, 'iiie name Haraszthy is Hungarian,
that wild Hun rare whose love of horse
flesh and independence made them known
as "the scourgres nf God," and of this
stormy race the family here is the rep
resentative. Arpad. Bela, Ganza furnished
the nan.es for their ancient kings who in
the middle ageß, when they made their
West m irruptions, came as counts. One
tipathy to tomntoes." Fifth and final dis
comfiture — lie would not touch the rasp
berries and cream with which the unfor
tunate meal was brought to a close.
"Raspberries nre absolute poison to my
system." Luckily I recollected a scrap of
cold lamb in the refrigerator; hv could
eat potatoes, bread and butter and conde
scended to a second cup of tea.
The finical feeder was not a dyspeptic,
lie went out of his way to inform me of
that gratifying circumstance. Neither
was he a boor in any other respect. Yet I
registered a vow to myself when he de
parted that he should go starving from
my door before I ever invited him to enter
it again.
"I fink," remarked an observant child
afterward, who had watched the non-per
formance with silent gravity while at ta
ble, "I fink his mother didn't teach him
not to say 'I don't yike it' when he was
jrittle."
Maxtor Boy struck at the ront of the
very ugly tree. Early habits, and a great
many of them, are largely responsible for
a breach of simple politeness, an offense
to feeling and taste so common that one
hardly dare animadvert upon it in general
company for fear of treading upon the
toes of " somebody- present. . The mother
who frowns down capricious appetite as
unmannerly and a thing to be ashamed of
drives a nail in a sure place in the edifice
of Good Breeding. The man who has not
learned this lesson of unselfish discipline
of his whims and humors when young
should regret and not Indulge Fancies
hardoned into dislikes by time and habit.
pope desiring to acquire the friendship of
tins savage people sent to om Couni
Arpad a golden rose. It was politely re
turned. The wild Hun could not be bribed
by a noi'i "i i rose Into a quiet and domestic
life. It was noi In the Hun blood.
There la no European family which has
been so liberally drawn upon as the foun
tain head for ancestry as the famous De
Courceys of Kingsale. The story of the
original De Courcey is too well known !"
bear repetition here. The Mstyes of Balti
more claim to he of their blood and Her
man Oelrichs makes the same claim
through the Mayes, ami also come the
Beamishes of this city putting forward
the same claim. A certain Francis Bea
trtsh. surgeon i:i the navy, did marry a
daughter of the bouse <>f De Courcey,
whose daughter married a gentleman o>!!
--neeted with England's Asiatic possessions
and whose descendant is now in the
I'nited States. But perhaps the royal
house of Stuart has been more called
upon than the poor De Coureeys. The
Queen of England, though she may speak
of her ancestors, the Stuarts, can only
claim about mi' twenty-fourth or' Stuart
bio. .(i and then thai is a very liberal al
lowance. Bui in San Francisco and the
State generally we have any number of
persons gayly claiming to be of the rural
house of Stuart. It is true that a man
' who has the name of a clan can claim
! its kinship and wear its tartan; but the
• clan Stuart was a small clan, and in its
! tnrtan ran the thread of gold. The mere
I fact of possessing the picturesque name of
Stuart does not mean that its possessor
:is in direct line of descent from the
Stuarts, and yet such a sober-minded man ]
as Senator William M. Stewart of No- ]
j vada. claims it, or had the claim made j
for him.
Scottish families are most tenacious
over their rights to family. There is
! nothing more provocative to quarreling or I
loving as the length of descent. To win j
a Scot's heart crmcede his claim to the j
milts of his ancestral tailings. When the
! old Kings of Scotland were crowned their
i ancestry was read to the days of Pharoah
i —a task which occupied several days. One
1 of the Campbells* of the house of Argyll
did in Parliament claim a better lineage
and morn honorable one than that of the
Queen. It was the same spirit which made
the two fishermen of the clan Campbell,
and so named, on one of Lome's islands
! say one. to the other:
"llout mon, the Queen must be a proud
I ooman to-day?"
"And why?"
"Sure, is not her daughter marrying a
! Campbell?"
And the Campbells, whatever may nave
j been their faults, are loyal one to the
oiher, for a notice of this marriage of
which the fishermen spoke when the
i Princess Louise married the Marquis of
T^oriie was se"nt to a member of their lam
ily, th«^ Glassels of Los Angeles, the he/ul
of the house keeping trail of his klm-rn. n.
Tht Kirkpatrick of "I mak sicca" fame
' has numerous descendants in this country,
iJ. C. Kirkpatrick of this city having
j claims to that end. Why anybody should
! select this bloody villain for an ancestor
is beyond comprehension. He was a cruel
! and cowardly murderer and completed a
job which the Bruce had commenced. The
! desire to secure an ancestor is not always
governed by wisdom.
The claims of the ( irds of this State and
the Holladays are too widely known to be
home," and this as if It were a brilliant
;ifter thought, "and there is no place
like home." Henry Miller even goes
further and adds that his remarkable
Sift of preparing: "rarebit," his piece de
resistance, makes it imperative that he
should keep house.
"I'll tell you how I make it." said
the star, who is so remarkably modest
when discussing his histrionic abilities,
but waxes loquacious when on the sub
ject of housekeeping; "I make it with
repeated. It is Bald that Mrs. Brook, who
was Miss Hutli Holladay, bears a Btart
ling resemblance to some, of the English
royal bouse. This Is really a pleasing; and
a refreshing piece of news, as w4th th •»
exception of tho Princess of "W alps the
women of tho royal house have borne an
unenviable refutation for plainness.
whereas Mips Ruth Hollaflay was a strik
ingly pretty girl.
MARY LINCOLN DISCUSSES SAVORY
COLD MEATS FOR SUMMER USE.
SOME form of cold meat is particu
larly acceptable daring this month,
and we soon tire of cold boiled ham,
tongue and corned beef, while the
i second serving of roast lamb and veal
; becomes monotonous if they appear too
! frequently. Such meats lack the delicious
i' flavor which is imparted by having va
riety of seasoning materials cooked with
the "meat. The following methods of pre
paring veal will be acceptable both for
cold dinners or luncheons at home, or for
picnics and camping parties:
JELLIED VEAL.
Select a knuckle of veal or any bony
piece that has a large proportion of gela
tine. Wipe, cut in small pieces and re
move carefully any small fragments of
bone They can be seen and felt now
easier than later on in the process. Cover
with cold water, boil quickly, remove the
I scum, then n<ld one onion, one teaspoon
ful of salt and one teaspoonful of pepper.
Let it simmer— not boil hard— till the meat
slips from the bones, the. gristly portions
are dissolved and the liqnor reduced to
one cupful. Remove the meat, pick out
all the bones, strain the liquor and sea
son lightly with salt, lemon juice and pap
rika and "very slightly with thyme, if you
prefer Chop or pick the meat apart, add
three tablespoonfuls of powdered cracker
and enough of the meal liquor to make
it very moist. Mix thoroughly, taste and
add more seasoning if needed, and pack
beer and cheese," Is his very succinct
receipt.
Mr. Miller Is keeping house in a
snug little flat on Van Ness avenue.
Mr. Fedris, his manager, is allowed to
enjoy with the star the delights of
home life. Fedris, who is an unusually
stalwart and handsome chap, thinks
equally as well of Miller as a house
keeper as an actor.
"It is not only the 'rarebit,' " said
Fedris, "it is the chops. A trifle smoky
when he gets through with them, but be
eats them and I know he relishes them."
In the Miller flat, however, there is
other cooking than that which is done
by the star. A chef with a worldwide
reputation for several tempting "petit
plats" rules the range.
"Jules," said his master when he went
through the trying ordeal of engaging
him, "I know you fellows always want
the lime light to follow you about and
insist that the spot that marks the cen
ter of the kitchen be sacred to your
gifted personality only. That will be
all ris;ht— when I'm not around. But
when the goddess of the cuisine calls
and you see me coming with the cheese
— you will exit r. v. 1."
Jules knew he was face to face with
the truth in art, and bowed in humble
acquiescence.
The little flat that is to be the
Miller home for the next ten weeks has
already taken on many features indica
tive of the personality of the master.
It is spick and span and neat.
The furniture is substantial and ar
tistic.
There is no superfluous bric-a-brac.
Books are everywhere. The latest
publication, the last celebrated novsl,
historical works and books of refer
ence, are scattered throughout tha
house.
Although order is the watchword of
the home, there is an artistic disar
rangement of things that shows the
house is lived in— that shows the books
are road and the luxuries enjoyed.
It is the home of an artist and the
artistic atmosphere is round it every
w here.
Miss Anglin. the fascinating leading
lady of the company, declares she keeps
house because nature never intended
her for a housekeeper and she loves a
cup of tea, boiling hot tea, when she
returns from rehearsal.
The clever leading lady, of all the
housekeeping qualities possesses only
the very worthy one of appreciation.
She couldn't boil an egg properly if
her life depended upon it, and is fright
ened at the very thought of attempting
to make a cup of coffee. Miss Anglin
i.rou.eht her maid with her from New
York, and with that worthy person's
ussistanee took possession of her
home before she had secured the ser
vices of the necessary servants. When
there is rehearsal to attend daily very
little time remains for household dutieß
and so the securing of domestics had
to be necessarily postponed for several
days.
"In a way it was quite awful," said
Miss Anglin. "Lena, my maid, cooks
after a fashion, but then I patronized
regularly the candy stores and had
plenty of ice cream soda and that sort
to cut my appetite and I was not so
tremendously hungry."
Miss Anglin's home is a "love." Ev
erything about it proclaims the ease
and luxury the fascinating mistress
adores. A dear little garden with a
miniature lawn and a wild confusion
of mignonette and sweet peas steps
right off from the dining-room. It is
here the lair lady of the house sips
There are other resemblances which
have called forth exclamations of sur
pris° Mrs. Stuart M. White, who when
unmarried was Miss Ynez Shorb. was de
clared to be remarkably like one of the
Princesses of the house of Hohenzollern.
Th<- late J. de Barth Shorb always laid
claim to a share in the Hohenzollern
It would be impossible in. the short lim
it closely in a bricß loaf bread pan. Put
it in a cold place— in Ice water if possi
ble—and let it harden. The gelatine in
the meat will harden and hold the meat
together without pressure.
VEAL LOAF.
"Wipe and remove the skin and tough
membrane from two pounds lean veal.
Put it in boiling salted water and sim
mer one hour. Remove and -drain, then
chop it fine: -chop also one-fourth pound
of rat salt pork, or one-eighth pound of
bacon. Add four rolled butter crackers,
one teaspoon salt, one-fourth teaspoon
pepper, one-eighth teaspoon nutmeg or
mace, one teaspoon minced parsley, four
tablespoons melted butter, and two well
beaten eggs. Make it quite moist with
the liquor in which the veal was boiled
and mix it thoroughly. Add more salt if
needed, the amount depending upon the
pork or bacon. Pack it Into a brick loaf
pan and bake it slowly three hours, or
pack it in a mold and steam it for three
hours. Serve hot with a border of hot
boiled rice and currant jelly aauce. Or
if to be served cold, slice it thin and gar
nish it witn parsley.
VEAL ROLL.
One slice of veal from the leg cut half
an inch thick. Wipe it. remove the bone,
the tough membranes between the mus
cles and around the edge and cut the fat
in small pieces. Lay the meat on a hard
wood board, scatter the fat over it and
pound It out very thin, lapping it over
where broken and pound the fat into the
meat. Keep the meat in rectangular
shape with the edges even. Cover the
moat with a thin layer of finely shaved
her afternoon tea and masters intri
cate roles.
If MJsa Anglin does not cook she en
joys the process of cooking. One of
her greatest delights is to wan<ler into
the kitchen, hover round the range and
with infantile curiosity raise iho cov
ers of the pots and kettles and to ask
the cook all sorts of bewildering ques
tions.
When she is tired of the mysteries of
the cuisine she strolls into the dining
room and fingers lovingly the dainty
faience that is her delight and pride.
Miss Anglin's tastes are simple. A!
plain little dinner well cooked, daintily
served, and ice cream is all she de
mands.
In her cozy little sitting-room Miss
Anglin surrounds herself with the
things she loves. The pictures of
mother, brothers, sister and father are
where she can always see them.
"They say I look like father," she
says, and her eyes shine with a pride
that even the tears that dim them when
she looks upon that poor lost brother's
face cannot efface.
Miss Anglin has no desire to master
the intricacies of housekeeping. She
is too engrossed with her art to think
of anything else. Her tastes and her
habits are simple; "Most people get a
totally wrong idea of our life," she ex
plained. "After the theater we are
supposed to indulge in the most out
rageous extravagances. My wildest
dissipation so far has been a car ride.
The other night after the performance
Mr. Miller and I got on a car, rode to
the terminus and cam© back without
even alighting. I don't know what car
it was or where we ment. I only know
we enjoyed the ride."
In spite of Mr. Miller's ajid Miss
Anglin's success in Vhe housekeeping
line the palm for housekeeping qualifi
cations must go to Guy Standing.
Standing is a yachtsman, and that ex
plains everything.
Standing keeps house with James
Lindsay and Earle Brown; that is,
Standing attends to the household and
the other fellows enjoy the fruits of
his labors.
"I am a yachtsman," said Standing,
"and I have been married seven years.
Those are my credentials as a house
keeper. I not only know how things
ought to be done, but I know how to
do them."
In the Standing flat everything shines
and has that peculiarly orderly look of
things nautical. There is nothing
bachelorllke about the house. It really
looks as though some thorough "haus
frau" presided over its destinies. The
walls are hung with excellent paint
ings and water-color sketches, all by
the man who amuses the world in the
theater at night and makes the coffee
in the morning.
Nature has been more than kind to
Standing. She has loaded him down
with unusual gifts as an artist, she has
given him a magnificent voice, made
him a more than fairly good actor, en
dowed him with housekeeping quali
ties and let him be the owner of a most
wonderful bull terrier.
And, most of all, Standing loves his
bulldog, who rejoices in the romantic
name of Hugo Belsamo. Music and act
ing, painting and housekeeping are all
well enough in their way, but they
don't weigh much with Standing in
comparison with Hugo. Just at present
the man who runs the best-regulated
flat of all the Miller Company house
keepers has one deep regret — he got to
San Francisco too late to show Hugo
at the dog show.
its of a newspaper article to place th*»
names of all claiming imperial, roya! or
noble descent. There .ire, of course, other
people whose blood is as good as tho<3<*
mentioned, but it was not the purpose of
this paper to give a list of these blu?
hlooded people but simply to show that
William Astor of Clieveden, England, is
not singular in hi? demand to claim for
himself a right noble descent.
cold boiled ham. or if this be not at hand
use jotted ham or tongue. Chop fine
two thin slices of fat salt pork, mix it
with four butter crackers rolled fine, sea
son highly with salt, pepper, lemon, on
ion juice and. if you like, add a slight
sprinkling of thyme.
Moisten with hot water or veal stock
till it will hold together, add one well
beaten egg and spread the mixture over
the surface of the meat nearly to the
edge. Roll the moat over tightly and tie
securely, leaving a little room for it to
swell Wrap a piece of cheesecloth around
it and tie it at the ends. Put it in a
kettle with a trivet underneath; cover
with boiling water, add one sliced onion,
a half inch of hay leaf and one teaspoon
mixed whole spice, also the bones and
clean trimmings from the veal, and let
it simmer three hours. Let it cool in the
liquor until you can handle it, then re
move it and put it in a brick loaf pan
with another pan. weighted, on top el it.
"When ready to serve remove the string*
and cloth, trim off the edges, and if the
whole Is likely to be used, lay it on a
platter and carve it in thin slices; but
k. -p them together like a whole roll.
Strew watercress lightly around the
with overlapping slices of tomato on one
end. and a mound of whipped cream Sav
ored with grated horseradish on the other
Or'sllee only what will be needed, and
arrange it on a platter with a garnish of
cress and radishes.
This veal will be delicious in aand
wiehes. Shave it very thin and sprinkle
with horseradish and DUt h«tw*»«r> hut
tered bread.
1920
SAN FRANCISCO SOCIETY HERMIT
Once a Society
Man, Bur Now a
Recta, Leaves
Companionship of
Fellow-Men and
Devotes lie to
the Expiation of
His Father's Guilt.
/— AN FRANCISCO has a fashion
>Ov able hermit.
y") That is. he has a hermit upon
Y+-S -hoi by the favor of the sods.
* has been bestowed all those
blessings the possession of which gives
one the right tcr active membership In
the aristocratic and exclusive club
which we call society.
That right he has exercised In the
past and his wife and children— fam
ily of whom any man ought to be
proud— are exercising it still. Between
himself and them, however, as between
himself and the rest of his fellow crea
tures, a wall has been built by his own
hands; a wall that, during his lifetime,
with his consent, shall never be leveled
nor surmounted.
He has brains, education, good line
age, good health and wealth. He has
had, besides these, friends, a happy
home, a loving wife, and beautiful chil
dren—enough to make this earth a par
adise for almost any man. And yet, he
lives, as he will doubtless die. alone in
a House of Shadows, which has for
years been his haven of refuge from
the world.
It was a fine house once, this house
In which a man has chosen to bury him
self alive— it would be a fine house still
were it not that it has so utterly passed
under the dominion of neglect and de
cay. A large roomy mansion, square
fronted, with long windows pet deeply
in its massive walls and looking out
upon the street under frowning eye
brows of heavy masonry, it stands a
little back from the pavement with a
bit of lawn Interposed deprecatingly
between it and the world outside.
It is not a sociable looking place.
There is no hint of even latent hospi
tality in the aspect of the rusty Iron
gate and the knobless front door that
has never been known to be opened
during the past five years. The lawn is
a tangle of dried grass, sticks, pieces of
newspaper and all' manner of blow
about refuse of city streets. The door
is covered with successive coatings of
dust that the sticky fog has plastered
over the oaken panels; and the win
dows—gazing blankly like the eyes of
some poor uncared-for dead creature
are shutttered on the outside by thick
blinds formed of the same fog and dust,
which shut away from the careless gaze
of the ordinary passer-by the phantoms
which hold revel within the desolate
and forsaken-looking place.
If you are curious enough to risk the
possibility of a broken neck, the prob
ability of surprise and unpleasant in
terrogation by some stray policeman,
and the certainty of the disapproval of
the entire neighborhood, you can man
age to see for yourself that the house is
elegantly furnished throughout; but
you will also see that the furnishings
are of the fashion of past days, and
that neglect, utter and systematic, has
been its portion for many years.
Rich laces and velvet, costly carved
woods and beautiful marbles, mirrors
and gilding, books and bric-a-brac, all
are draped with cobwebs and burled in
dust that no hand has disturbed for
over half a decade, and which no hand
A FOOLS LUCK /S ALWAYS THE BEST IN THE WORLD.
t-yOLLOWS the true story of how
/Smith got the true story of how
got in with the Gaythornes
"1 and the Mullers, and all of those
golden folks up the State.
>k It was In Paris, in the quarter
called Latin, where, by the way, I
never met anybody* who knew any Latin.
It was only three days after Smith's first
arrival ami us that he went to Long
champs, all by himself, to see the races.
He tried to persuade one of us after an
other to go with him, but everybody had
some good reason for staying away, gen
era'ly a financial reason, and it ended in
Smith's going by hmiself. This he did in
a costume that no doubt seemed em
inently appropriate to the occasion.
It is important to note here that Smith
went to the Longchamps races dressed in
a light overcoat, a gray Derby hat, trous
ers of shepherd's plaid, the check thereof
drawn to a rather large scale, and that
he carried big field glasses slung about
him. as if a good view of the running was
r vital necessity of his business.
The make of his boots on that occasion
is also very Important They were bal
morals, with Stout porpoise leather lacea.
That same evening Smith appeared at
our studio, dressed in this name costume,
though not so fresh, of course, as when
he had set forth earlier in the day.
"How much did you win?" Pollard
asked him, entirely without salutation or
preface of any kind.
"Win? Don't talk to me about winning.
I'm scared to death." Smith said.
His eyes, when you got the light on
them, certainly did seem to be popping
out of his head.
"What scared you?" I asked.
He pulled out of his pocket a thing that
looked like a silk sack and flung it down
on Pollard's leather trunk.
"That's what scared me. Don t touch
it for God's sake." ]\
"Snakes'."' Pollard asked, between puffs
at his clay pipe. Pollard was English.
" "If it's a bomb," I said, "you ought to
have taken it to the police. We don't
want you bringing anything like that In
here, you know; and besides, you handle
the thing much too carelessly."
"Look here, fellows," said Smith, stand
ing by the mysterious bundle as jf he
were on guard, "this isn't any laughing
matter. Do 1 look like a thief?"
Pollard told him that In Europe thieves
didn't wear any distinctive uniform. "Of
course" he added, "one wouldn't like to
soy anything about the pattern of those
luurs thfyt mjg^t. be construed offensively^
DR. KEAhE'S
STATEMENT
Explaining Why He Has
Become a H erm ' t -
It suite me to live as I do. My
private troubles would Interest
no one, but they were, and are,
enough to k»ep me as I am. My
manner of life Is quiet: I trouble
, and It is a rare thing
that any one troubles me.
The politics of our city I de
plore. The aim sterns to kepp
taxes high and rents low. Per
v . harter may help
to a better state of things; it la
:iy hope.
The manner In which women
rclng themselves to the
■ In nil professions and oc
cupations is a serious menace
t< the welfare of the world.
Women should attend to domes
tic affairs and not force them-
G Into fields for which they
were never Intended. Thi wo
man who studies medicine as It
should be Btudied to make a
I hysiclan uns*xes h'-rself
in the process. The trend of the
■ day seems to be toward
the unsexing — not the uplifting
— of th"?e who could make the
far better If they re
mained in their natural places.
This is a transition- period. I
probably shall not live to see the
outcome of what, now is chaos.
• hlle 1 live as I like best,
and am content.
shall disturb until th<- present occupant
is no more.
In the early '60's this house at 619
Gre^n street was one of the handsomest
and best appointed in San Fran
It was built by a man named Keane-
one of the many who made a fortune In
the "early days" — and h«re with his
wife and little son he lived happily until
his wife's death left him a smeerely un
consolable widower.
After this he devoted himself to his
son, George Keane, our hermit of. to
day — -who grew to manhood amid the
gloom of the saddened house into which
no real sunshine ever came after the
wife and mother was carried out of
the doorway to her long rest among the
distant hills.
Nervous, morbidly sensitive, but af
fectionate and unquestinningly dutiful,
this son carried rut hi? father's wishes
and became a member of the medical
profession. What he suffered during
the season of preliminary study no one
but if you had asked u"s— lf you had
paraded for Inspection— this morning be
fore you started, we might have advised
you that checks of thai size — "
Smith interrupted Pollard with some
thing like triumph. "Well, it wasn't the
pants at all, my friend: it was the clover
leaf!"
"You must have been drinking-. Smith."
said Pollard. "You haven't got on any
clover leaf!"
"No, but I had," he retorted. "It stuck
in th" lace of my shoe as I was walking
through the grass. I didn't notice it until
several sporty looking ducks— two of them
.had given me a peculiar kind, of look.
Then I looked down to see what was
wrong, and the only thing I could see at
all out of the way. was this piece of
clover."
"Was that the most remarkable thing
you could find in all your get-up?" I
asked.
"Just you ■wait," he said. "I didn't
think it anything at all remarkable— didn't
even take the trouble to pick it out. And
presently one of those Iwo fellows that
had stared at me came along again, Just
as the crowd was beginning to push down
where I was. As be passed close to me
he looked over his shoulder and said in
English, 'Cut or carry?'
"Oh!" said Pollard. - "Now I begin to
comprehend. And what did you say?"
"Well. 1 didn't want to seem too green,
don't you see? Thought It might be Borne •
gag connected with the races. So I an
swered him at random 'Carry, of course"
—just like that."
"Well?"
"Well, he didn't seem to pay any at
tention to what I said. I thought per
haps I'd been mistaken— the man wasn't
talking to me at all. He disappeared in
the crowd. And the next minute there
was a sort of a rally, and everybody be
gan shouting, 'Pompadour!' The horses
were coming down the quarter stretch,
llckety-clip. I wasn't paying any at
tention to tne crowd; I was looking at
the horses. Then somebody Jolted my
arm and said, 'Now then, young man,
this is yours.' I looked to see who it was,
and he shoved this thing into my hand
before I knew what he was doing."
"And you took It, like a lamb?" I
asked.
"I took it before I had time to Bee
what it all meant," Smith protested. "It
was only w r hen the fellow was get
ting away from me that I saw he had
a clover leaf stuck into his shoe lace.
just ; 'ke I had."
"And then?"
"Well, and thm I looked at this thing
ho put into my hand. It's a whole in
side pocket of an overcoat, cut clean
out."
"And it contains "
,"L haven't looked inside It yet," said
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
save a person similarly constituted can
ever realize. Certain It is, however,
that the horrors of the dissecting room
— the entire "hardening" process which
Smith. "I Just Jammed it down into
my overcoat side pocket and scooted.
Picked out that cursed clover leaf out
of my shoe lace first, though— you bet."
"] have no doubt." said Poll;ird, with
his Flow insular drawl, "that you had
already become an object of special ln
terest to the police by that time."
"Say, don't talk like that," said Smith.
"I'm scared enough already."
"I don't want to give you lits. old man.
Pollard went on In his Imperturbable way.
"But 1 haven't any doubt, myself, that
th.- 'i lover Loaf (jang' Is perfectly well
known to the Paris police. Suppose you
open up the loot now and see how much
01 a haul you've made."
"That's why I brought it here," said
Smith.
"Oh, thanks, " said Pollard. "Awfully
decent of you to come and divide with
us,"
"Say, quit that rot. Pollard." Smith
growled. "1 wanted to be able to swear
I hadn't looked inside, the thing until I
got here. Then 1 shall have you two for
witness) ■-."
"Oh, we'll swear anything you like."
I said. "You couldn't find anybody who
an inside pocket, could you?"
"I wasn't going to make a fool of my
self, running around asking pc-op'.e If
ihcir pockets had been picked. Now let's
all < gamine it tost-ther, eh?"
Very we)l. We all agreed to examine it
as one man.
Smith untwisted the frayed edge of tha
silk, which had evidently been very
dexterously snipped with a pair of sharp
ci Issors. [nslde was a neat leather r
1 k with an elastic band, also a letter
with >i German stamp— unopened.
"Hurrah!" Smith shouted. "Don't open
th>- pocketboek, fellows. Here's the old
mans address: "Anthony J. Gaythorne,
Pension Libre, Rue Castiglione.' "
"That's important to remember." said
Pollard. "We shall have to be careful to
give the Pension Libre a wide berth, or
we may run Into Gaythorne. But now to
business."
Pollard pretended to be going to open
the pocketbook, but Smith, who was
lughly takfn in bi his pretense,
grabbed him violently, and It looked for a
minute or two as If there was going to
be a free fight in our studio. However, I
succeeded In restoring order and quiet.
"Pollard," I said, "since my countryman
insists on doing the honest net, I suppose
we must let him have his way, Just this
once. But mind. Smith, if you are going
to get into this push, you'll have to take
up with our ways, and divvy up fair and
honest whenever you make a haul."
1 flrmlv believe even yet, although
Smith still denies it, that we had suc
ceeded in making him believe that the
English and American students of the
quarter were quite in the habit of pick
ing up such uneonsidered trifles as pocket
he went through In suffering but heroic
silence because of his love for, and loy
alty to, his father— left behind mental
wounds which never healed.
bpoks and sharing the plunder in their
studios. Smith has always said that he
knew we were guying him all the time:
I only know that' he escaped from our
Btudio In a very precipitate fashion; Pol
lard and I fell all over the studio, laugh
ing as we heard the clatter of thope
laced-up shoes of his on the two flights of
stairs.
Moreover, as I have often pointed out
to Smith, If he had not made up his mind
that Pollard and I were persons of crimi
nal habits, why did he not introduce us
to his friend Gaythorne?
He found Gaythorne that very night,
and it turned out. very much to Smith's
satisfaction, that Gaythorne was an
American— New Yorker. But from nil
I could hear. Smith's satisfaction was as
nothing to (iaythorne's when Smith pre
sented him with his inside pocket and the
letter. Gaythorne allowed Smith the lin
ing of his overcoat, which had evidently
been .treated with hasty surgery. Smith
told Gaythorne the whole story of his
Longchamps adventure. Then Gaythorne
—a lively, fellow of middle age — slapped
Smith on the back and called him a credit
to the nag. and insisted on making a big
fuss over htm. From which we inferred
that the contents of that pocketbook must
have been valuable.
But there was more behind, which we
did not infer, but got direct from Gay
thorne himself, when we ran into Smith
and him having a glorious time at an
open-air cafe a few days later. We sim
ply made ' Smith introduce us to his
friend. -;.-•-•
"Now," said Gaythorne. "I want you
boys to be good to me," This was in the
expensive humor that grew out of cham
pagne. "You've been uncommon good to
me already. Don't know where I'd have
been If It hadn't beet; for Smith here and
his little clover leaf. I'm going to have
you meet my wife when she -gets back
from Germany. But you've all got to
keep this whole business dead quiet, see?
My wife's got two terrible bad prejudices.
She's the best woman In the world, but.
you know, women get the most unac
countable prejudices. She hates horse
races and she hates liquor. Now- If she
knew I'd stayed back in Paris to go to
those races— see? Eh?"
After that— months later— when the
Gaythornes and Mrs. Gaythorne's sister,
Mrs. MulUr. got back to Paris, they
looked up Smith, and ever since then they
have stood by him, and Gaythorne him
self has been as good as two business
agents for Smith. Which is the real rea
son why Smith has only to go into that
part of the State to sell any old daub he
wants to at a high figure.
"Are you sure you love her?" asked his
close friend.
"Absolutely," answered the young man.
"I've been her partner at whist when she
forgot what trumps were and didn't lose
xoy temper."
By sheer "grit" he dragged himself
through the necessary tortures and be
came in due time a physician of good
practice and standing. Later he mar
REMOLDED ENEMY'S CANNON BALLS TO RETURN FIRE.
THROUGH the portals of a new
made grave on Lone Mountain
has entered Into a unique nirhe
In history one of those martial
figures that, living In one cen
tury, appear to have been controlled by
the daring spirit of a former age. The
pimple headstone informs the Infre
quent visitor to the city of the dead
that beneath reposes the clay of Colonel
Alfred Swingle.
The story of Colonel Swingle's life
discounts the most thrilling romances
of a Mayne Held or an Aimard.
In any one chapter of his varied life
there is material sufficient to furnish
forth the most realistic melodrama. In
his short campaign in Nicaragua In 1857
with Walker the manner of the man is
probably better to be determined than
in any other period of his life. It
stamp*. l him as not only an intropld
and active leader, but as a man fertile
in resources, any or all of which he
brought into play as the circumstances
might rfuuire. At the siege of Rlvas
these qualities were notably exempli
fied. Walker and his men were penned
up in the town surrounded by Innumer
able foes pressing en every side. They
larked provisions and were alnv>3t out
of munition? of war.
Swingle was the great filibuster's
chief of artillery, and, as such, was in
direct chaise of the guns. These were
six -pounders, which he managed with
damaging effect until his supply of can
non balls gave out. Equal to the occaa
slon, he began immediately the manu
facture of substitutes, by making In the
sand holes of the proper size, filling
them with small scraps of iron and
pouring in melted lead. When they
cor.led he had serviceable shot until the
supply of lead and small bits of Iron
gave out. Then ho had to turn to again
and use his off-hand knowledge of
physics. He had enough to enable him
to build a crude furnace with a hot air
blast which enabled him to melt large
pieces of metal, with which he cast the
first iron cannon balls ever made In
Central America. When he ran out of
iron he transformed into round shot all
the old church bells he could find, and
used them as a convincing argument
against the enemy. Even this sort of
ried, and the cad old house learned to
emile now and then, and to be, if not
gay, at least contented looking again.
Old Mr. Keane — rather of a recluse
even when a pretty daughter-in-law
and merry grandchildren tried to make
the world happier for him — died sud
denly one day, and his death brought
the young doctor face to face with a
totally unexpected complication.
A woman, of whose very existence he
was unaware, appeared at the funeral
in the deepest of mourning, and later
put in a claim to half the large prop
erty left by the eider Keane, claiming
to have been for years supported by
him, and to be by contract his legal
wife.
The battle which folio-wed in the
courts was long and severe, and al
though it resulted in a complete vic
tory for the son, the notoriety which
it gave the family, and the manner in
which his private affairs became pub
lic property, made the triumph a dear
ons for him.
He felt disgraced and humiliated by
the whole affair, in -which he was, of
course, altogether blameless, and his
natural shyness deepened Into absolute
mlsanthrcrpy. By degrees he withdrew
not only from the companionship of his
fellow men but even from that of his
own family, and found his pleasure,
during his few leisure hours, in solitary
communion with himself and his mem
ories in the retirement of his own spe
cial apartments.
Later, an a pretext bo slight as to be
trivial, he gave up the practice of his
profession, and then his wife, fearing
what she scarcely dared, for the child
ren's sake, to acknowledge even to her
self, persuaded him to close the town
house, which had always seemed to
harbor within it brooding shadows of
unhappiness and unrest, and come with
her and the children to their country
place in San Rafael.
Willing to please her who had brought
into his life all of brightness that he
had ever known, the doctor for a brief
time tried to content himself among
the roses and sunshine of the pretty lit
tle town across the bay. One day, how
ever, the yearning for the old place
grew too strong to be resisted. He had
grown to hate the encircling hills that
seemed to make his beautiful country
home a prison; the sunlight and the
brilliant colors of the flowers which
blwmed all about him made his eyes
ach* with their insistent brightness; the
glad voices of his children, their music
and laughter and gray good comradeship
disturbed and fretted him beyond en
durance; his wife's assiduous and lov
ingly watchful care filled him with re
sentful distrust, and he longed for the
solitude, the gloom, the quiet and the
personal freedom which he knew would
be his in the "House of Shadows." And
so he came away from all that troubled
him and sought the quiet refuge of the
mansion which he so loved.
The heavy oaken doors swung back
on their creaking hinges and the dark
and silent house seemed to welcome
him as if he were a truant son returned
to his own. The doors closed behind
him, and, so closing, shut him away
forever from all that other men hold
dear.
From that day he has lived there
alone with the shadows. Going and
coming only when necessity drove him
to have commerce'*with th^ world out
side, and then through the back way
only, his presence among them was for
some time unknown to the good people
of the vicinity, and after a while it was
whispered about that there was some
thing weird and uncanny about the
place. There were noises to be heard
there at unusual hours, and dim lights
flitted from room to room sometimes
the whole night through.
N'nw and again, on moonlight nights,
passers-by caught glimpses of a white
robed figure gazing mournfully through
the curtains, or pacing up and down
with wild wavings of upraised arms —
a white shadow talking with the black
shadows that ever dogged its footsteps.
Again the strains of music floated out
on the air between the hours of mid
night and gray dawn; and one man,
more venturesome- than his brethren,
climbing to the drawing room windows
and peering in as best he could, saw a
dim white something clo-udlly visible in
the gloom enshrouded distance, and
straightway grew sick with fear and
went his way proclaiming awesomely —
religious argument gave out when no
more church bells were available, and
the facile artillerist was driven to his
last resort, to send out parties to scour
the purlieus of the besieged town for
the shot with which the enemy had
pelted him and to send them, red hot,
back to him.
Such were the odds against which
Swingle contended at Rivas, and such
COLONEL ALFRED SWINGLE.
Dweffs Apart Frcm
Wife and Family,
Gives Up Aff the
Worfdfy Pleas
ures and Lives
Onfy in Ghostfy
Memories of the
Days Long Dead,
when he found voice to speak at ail
that he had "seen a ghosf playing up
on the piano In the desterted house.
From these things a story grew until
even the neighbors began to look un
certainly upon the place, and supersti
tious and credulous strangers visited
the vicinity to stare and wonder and
wait for the happening of fearsome
things. What really occurred was but
a tiny seed from which sprang and
flourished a green bay tree of narration.
Ghost stories of all kinds were dragged
forth and parts of them attached more
or less deftly to the defenseless habi
tation.
At last, however, the truth became
known and then the street settled back
into quiet again. . The residents of that
part of San Francisco are neither med
dlesome nor ill-natured. They are re
spectable, steady going, eminently
practical people, and since their wealthy
neighbor does them no harm by his ec
centricities they see no reason why any
one should even attempt to prevent him
from living his life in his own way.
If he prefers, say they, to live alona
in his mansion instead of selling it or
renting it, and living with his family,
that is entirely the business of himself
and his family. If he prefers to always
enter and leave his abode by way of the
back alley, he can certainly do a? he
chooses in this regard. If he likes his
own society better than that of his fel
low-beings, he is quite welcome to it
for all they care. If he objects to the
use of broom and duster, and mop and
soap and water, within the borders of
the domain over which he — like an
urban Selkirk— reigns with undisputed
Bway, he has a perfect right to let dust
and dirt and cobwebs accumulate.
If he wishes to promenade over his
own house in his flowing night-mbe,
with or without the accompaniment of
a candle, according to nature's benefi
cence in the way of illumination, that,
again, is his own affair. If he prefers
to play the piano or sing at night in
stoad of by day, the neighbors can af
ford to allow him to amuse hims-lf
occasionally without making unneigh
borly fuss abo-ut It.
He is "a good man" they say, but a
"little qu^er;" and so he lives alone and
unmolested in that desert of unpeopled
rooms. His feet wear threadbare paths
on the rich carpets: his fingers, grown
tremulous of late, touch lovingly the
yellow keys of the once fine piano and
draw from them sorrowful music of
other days.
The moths nest and hatch in the up
hotettered furniture and flit about like
insect ghosts in the stagnant atmos
phere of the unaired "rooms. Spiders
spin their web from corner to corner,
from mantel to bookcase, from balus
trade to doorpost, and dust — "the
bloom of time" — settles down from day
to day on web and curtain, carpet and
furniture, window and wall, thicker
and heavier, and rests there undis
turbed.
Some day or night the end will come.
The spirit that has so chafed at the re
strictions of mortality and circum
stance will be set free. The human life,
which for so many long years hag b">en
the one disturbing element in the silent
solitude of the dreary house, will be
snuffed out like the candle which has
lighted so many purposeless pilgrim
ages of the restless feet.
The white shadow will no longer aa
sert its claim against, and supremacy
over, its dark companions, but will join
with them on equal footing, and the
"House of Shadows" will, perhaps,
never realize that any change has
come, but will shelter and brood over
them all then as now.
was his spirit, that he held out against
them until rescue canie through the
Intervention of Commander Davis and
the men of the T'nlted States sloop of
war St. Mary's. The Ingenuity used to
such good effect at that memorable
siege was developed later In more
peaceful walks, and the latter half of
this adventurous life was spent in par
fectlng mechanical devices.TRAINING FIRE HORSES
How San Francisco's Fire
Fighters Educate and
Care for Equine
Helpers.
THE Fire Department of San
Francisco, conceded as It is to be
among the finest in the world,
would be nothing without its
horses. Its capable chief and his
skillful assistants would be useless. Its
up-to-date apparatus might as well
rust In Its house?, 'lid not the swift
footed animals Jump a' the first tap of
the bell to place themselves under the
harness, Impatient to fly to the scene
of the conflagrati n. Without them,
under present c< ndltions, it would be
Impossible to get sufficient apparatus
on the ground to fight the most Insig
nificant blaze. Without the apparatus
the firemen would be of as much use as
icemen !n the inferno, and orders issued
to them by even as competent a fire
fighter as Chief Sullivan might as well
fall en deaf ears.
It can readily be seen, therefore, what
a high place the horse must hold In the
economy of fire-lighting. "Without
him," as the song goes, "what's the
band?" That Chief Sullivan and his
aids appreciate the Importance of the
horse in their calculations is shown by
th© specimens of that animal in the de
partment stables, the care that is taken
In their training and the feeding and
housing they get. The work cut out
for them In this city over the steep
grades is hard, and only the strongest
can do it. Such are the horses in har
ness In the engines, trucks and water
rs of the San Francisco depart
ment
It has been the custom to limit the
ages of eligibility of horses for the de
partment to between four and seven
years. In Borne instances, where the
animal is an extraordinary specimen,
the limit is raised to eight, never be
yond The animals must be between
en and sixteen hands high and
b on an average 15&0 pounds.. Be
fore one is introduced Into the depart
- it must undergo a severe test as
.undness of wind and limb.
Fir=t the official veterinary, who
happens now to be Dr. Egan tests him
carefully for any physical defects. If
are none he is turned over to
• ntendent R. J. Harris at th,de
ment training stables. Tenth and
Bion streets. Harris gives him a
stall and for several days keeps a close
watch to note his general disposition.
Poor CARLOTTA'. The memory
of her is woven in among the
saddest experiences of my life.
I marvel greatly that the world
has forgotten h<=-r— that there
seems to be no heart throb of human
sympathy m respond to the thought
that for thirty-thi c she has
confined in the royal retreat for
.. Lacken,
in the outskirts >->t Brussels.
A« a member -a lady in waiting— of
her court in the City of Mexico, thirty
four years ago, I take up my pen to
inFcribe her story, the parallel of which
is not contained in history, certainly
history-
Carlotta. daughter of Leopold I of
Belgium, wife of Maximilian of Mexico,
and namesake of th- Duchess of
Kent, cousin of Queen Victoria, friend
,genie, sister of the King of Bel
gium, alth'nueh linked in countless
ways to the present time, has yet been
as one dead for a third of a century.
In her own country her name is an un
spoken one. In the City of Mexico
of th" monuments and decora
tions of the city bear tribute to her
memory, while at the rastlo of Mira
ln Trieste, the recent home <>f the
late unfortunate Empress of Austria,
are still many evidences of Carlotta's
nee there.
Born a princess, and educated to wear
a crown, now, although Carlotta has
lived but fifty-nine years, thirty-three
of them have been passed within the
walls of an asylum for the insane. Mar
: ed at 17, a Queen at 24 and a lunatic
• 26, she was bereft of father, hus
band, empire and reason in the short
ppace of eighteen months, and then, by
the irony of fate, forever banished from
human memory. Carlotta's carper was
almost kinetoscopic in the rapidity of
ieila,
its Gauges— promising: In its inception,
lificent in its rise, pathetic, dra
matic, tragic in its decline and fall.
Although Marietta was more- potential
In Mexican history during her short
reign in that country than was her Im
perial husband himself, the records of
thai time Ignore her efforts, belittle her
achievements and refer to her endow-
Bienta of -x.'cutive ability, political sa
gacity, mental culture and strong warn
Having sized up the candidate's tem
perament, he gets ready to test the
wind. The animal is hitched up to an
engine or truck, preferably the former,
as It Is heavier, with one of the equine
veterans, his mate in size and disposi
tion, no effort being made to match
them in color. The two are then taken
out ar.d given a run of several blocks,
finishing up with a pull up a steep
grade. If the candidate takes his share
of the work and exhibits the necessary
lung power he is accept! 1. paid for and
duly installed in the training stable.
The work of developing the accepted
Into an accomplished member of
the fire force of the city begins at once.
Long experience has taught the trainer
that lire horses, unlike poets, are made,
not burn. It is not necessary that they
have any Instinct for the business. Th«
method used in familiarizing them with
their duty is simple and direct, and in
the history of the department was
. known to fail. It tak< s no i-ora
! • ,\ apparatus, as many suppose, but
It does take some patience and an un>
limited fund of kind.
The animal, ready to be put through
reliminary paces, Is stationed In a
stall near an engine, to which is at
.! a swinging harness. The train
at "his head, and as the bell
taps leads the candidate under the har
- which is snapped on him. Then
he is led back to his stall to await the
nexi bell tan. This procedure Is re
peated at Intervals until it is thought
the horse lias comprehended the mean
ing "f the tap. Then he is tried .-■
responds to the stroke of the gong
he is almost ready for graduation. If
ho does not, the leading process is gone
through all over again until the lesson
is fully learned. No record has been
kept of the average length of time nec
essary to put a fire horse through the
n | s, but Borne have been known to
within a cm].:, of days all there
is to learn.
Once a horse understands what is nx
p< 1. i of him '■ hen the bell taps, he
. gets thai Is, not as Jong as
In the department, and there are
to be cases • xtant where retired
fjre. : • graded to serve in the
shafts of trade, have displayed the de
to hie them to fires the moment the
alarm soundi : .
Th horse; having passed the veterin
ary ; - jcamination and having
from the training stable, is
duty in one of the fire houses
full member of the department.
It is after this that the public Is wont
. iti< s in the beast that would
anly character In the most Impersonal
and incidental manner. It was her re
gal training, her dominant spirit, her
ronstant insistence, which prevailed
over the weak, vacillating, easily Influ
enced and almost effeminate character
of Maximilian.
It wf.g Carlotta's ambition to be an
Kmpre.ss that was the' cause of their
misfortunes. Had she waited for the
drama of circumßtance to unfold itself
THE SA2T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9. 1899.
never have bf p n otherwise discovered.
The animal becomes a sort of four-foot*
ed hero, apparently possessed of the
spirit of that element he is In service
to quench. There are always a number
of people who rush, the moment they
THE SAD FATE OF THE
EMPRESS CARLOTTA
she would have occupied the Austrian
throne, for Maximilian would have suc
ceeded Francis Joseph, his brother,
whose only eon, Rudolph, committed
suicide.
"They're Off!"
hear the fire gong strike, to see the
hitching of the horses, blocking the
donrs and many times narrowly escap
ing injury as the apparatus is whirled
out into the street and off to the fire.
"Just look at those animals," ex
Carlotta is more In affinity with the
American people than are other daugh
ters of kings, because she came, even
through misguided enterprise, to a land
whose border Is our own, and the study
claims one of these spectators. "Did
you ever see anything like the excite
ment that takes possession of them at
the mere thought of a fire?"
Yen admit that you never did, and
the enthusiastic spectator, who has
of her life and character, her ambitions,
triumphs and utter failure must find
sympathetic response in the heart of
every American woman* If. her star had
reached its zenith later in the century
her memory would have lived, perpetu
ated by her sisters, not for the ambi
tious Empress, but for the high princi
ple of genuine womanhood evidenced by
the good she did and the charities Bbc
dispensed.
The childhood of f'arlotta was ren
dered serious with responsibilities and
tuition beyond her yp»rs. Her mother,
whom history has named the "Holy
Queen," died when the little girl was
ten years old, and for several years the
dark cloud of mourning overshadowed
the palace. Court etiquette and queen
ly dignity, amounting to austerity,
were constantly instilled Into her brain
and heart and made the deepest and
most lasting impressions upon Carlot
ta's childhood. While yet a child she
knew thoroughly the inviolate rules of
court precedence.
Her father educated har to be a
queen. She was precocious, and un
wisely he forced upon her responsibili
ties far beyond her years. At seventeen
she was far in advance of her years in
intelligence, and It was then that she
met her hero. Archduke Maximilian,
younger brother of Francis Joseph.
Emperor of Austria. He was tall and
fair and gentle, of military bearing and
spotless character, and eight years her
senior. . It was a case of love at first
Sight and in two months they were
married. She. ambitious, energetic,
possessed of the executive force of a
man; he, weak, vacillating, trustful In
the goodness of men and idealized into
her hero.
For five years they lived at Miramar
probably made the same observations
a hundred times over to as many casual
acquaintances, rattles on.
"You bet they want to get there.
They seem to know as much about It as
the firemen."
All enthusiasts think the same way—
that the fire horse was born to the busi
ness. They see the slashing bays, or
grays, or blacks, as the case may be.
Jump to their places. They see equine
eyes flash and horses' ears go back, the
tails swish and the hoofs stamp in the
few seconds it takes to prepare them
to respond to the alarm. Then, with
the driver in his seat— "They're off!'
For the moment, certainly, the horse
is transformed. He appears an equine
deity, striking sparks with his iron-shod
heels from the cobbles he spurns as he
races along, his harness glittering and
Jingling, smoke streaming from the
engine. He is the one grand figure so
powerful as to appear irresistible. No
wonder the fire horse Is a popular hero;
no wonder you hear marvelous tales of
his intelligence and bravery.
It stands to reason, of course, that
the animals owned by the department
are of a superior class. If they were
not they would not be in the depa^
ment. The rigid examinations by the
veterinary, followed by the testa of the
trainer, prove that every animal is
pound in wind and limb, at the perfec
tion of youthful strength, and capable
of putting every pound of his registered
weight into the work for which he is
destined. To keep the horse In this
health is the main problem with his
masters. It is only possible with ex
treme care. The animals are washed,
currycombed and dusted unceasingly;
they are exercised at such intervals as
have been found the most profitable;
they are given good stalls, with plenty
of clean barley straw to bed them; and,
above all, they are fed after the most
modern and reasonable fashion. None
of your hard grain for the fire horse.
The day for that has passed, in San
Francisco at least. He gets the best of
hay and oats, but the oats are steamed.
There is no danger that a hard kernel
may get into th*» digestive apparatus of
one of the department horses and give
him that excruciating affliction, appen
dicitis. Under this regimen his coat
keeps glossy and his eye bright.
To every driver his is the best horse
in the department— can do everything
but talk. He generally calls him
"Major," or "Prince," or "Dandy," rr.bs
the animal's nose when he has nothing
else to do. and is willing to expatiate on
the equine wonders under his control
till the bell taps or the cows come home.
To the prosaic department, however,
no horse in It, no matter what a
prodigy, has a name. When he is pa. 1
for and turned into the stables. Lis
identity Is sunk in a number. He Is
liable to an^ sort of work, from draw
ing the chiefs buggy to hauling hay
for his fellows, or coal to th" puffing
engines on duty One driver may have
him one day. another the next, but J he
department horse does not complain,
and seldom gets sick."
"When a Fire Department horse is
"astle, on the outskirts of Trieste,
Maximilian having been appointed
Governor of the Lombard-Venetian
kingdom, and there Carlotta passed the
few untroubled years of her life.
Then, at the very acme of all that
was beautiful and harmonious in her
life, the Goddess of Fortune appeared
with her tempting offer of a scepter
and a crown. It was the story of the
Garden of Eden told again in different
phase, and once more it was Eve who
fell, for it. was due to Carlotta's am
bition more than to the importunities
of the Mexican delegation that Maxi
milian finally accepted the golden apple
of empire and thus attuned the instru
ment which was destined to play his
own and his wife's requiem. However,
to the credit of Maximilian Be it said,
the first offer was unqualifiedly de
ollne-1, but when the delegation came
the second time, bearing what seemed
to be proofs that a majority of all the
people of Mexico joined with them in
the request, he yielded, and the first act
of the tragedy began.
The reception of the embassy at the
castle of Miramar is a tableau which
closes the last act of the drama of
• 'arlotta's life before the curtain rose
upon the tragedy. It presents a picture
which in retrospect seems almost pro
phetic of strife, turmoil, sadness and
despair.
It is not my Intention to repeat here
history familiar to every good Ameri
can. Carlotta was the sacrifice upon
the altar of nations, and she was.ex
actly 24 years of age. Maximilian 32.
when their eyes beheld for the first
time the land where they hoped to re
generate a nation. Their entry into the
City of Mexico was a triumphal one.
The splendors of their court were un
precedented. Carlotta knew how to be
an Empress. I shall never forget her
in her royal robes of state. She was
radiantly lovely, lithe and graceful of
figure, eminently befitted to adorn a
crown.
The royal pair resided at the palace
of Chapultopec, which Is four miles
from the city, on the outskirts of Tacu
baya, at the extremity of the Paseo de
la Reforms, one of the rft ost magnifi
cent boulevards in the world and
which, under the delicate touch of Car
lotta's genius and taste, became, and
remains to-day, the most beautiful.
The palace, or as it was then called, the
castle of (JhapuHepec, was at that time
an uninviting mass of chaotic masonry,
surmounting a gigantic agglomeration
of bowlders which some prehistoric
s"ismic disturbance had projected out
of the level plain.- Tt was practically
in the same condition in which the
Americans left it after the battle
which has made its name historic.
The beautiful park which surrounds
it was neglected, the resort of wander
ing animals and bandits, and Carlotta's
first work was its renovation. Her deft
hand loft its imprint everywhere
among the giant cypress trees in the
park, in the now and winding road
ways, among the new statuary, in the
rejuvenation of Mnntezuma's Bath, in
every vista that the eyes sought and
in every pathway upon which the feet
could tread. Her own. private garden
was. and still' remains, upon the roof
of the castle, and there, among her
favorite flowers, the young Empress
and her husband passed their hours of
leisure. There she tended the growing
plants with her own hands: there no
servant ever entered save under spe
cific directions, and from it even the
Emperor was excluded by his own
order, except when invited to partici
pate in its beauties by its fair autocrat.
There are, to-day, growing trees and
shrubs in Carlotta's garden which were
planted by her own hands, and there is
in preservation a bod of violets exactly
as she planned and cared for it.
Stranger still, in that land of changes,
the gardener who assisted Carlotta
presides over this spot still. Old and
overtaken by any of the ills that equinw
flesh is heir to, there are provided for
him hospital accommodations that can
not be improved upon. He is returned
to the training stables, where, under
the care of Superintendent Harris and
his men, he has everything that would
tend to alleviate suffering and put him
on the high road to recovery. There
are all the attendants possible; the vet
erinary is there for the smallest ail
ment, the dispensary has a full supply
of every drug useful for the horse.
There is the best of ventilation and
sewerage and the softest of lights.
Comparatively, the hospital accommo
dations provided throughout the coun
try for humanity are not so complete
as the hospital for horses maintained
by the San Francisco Fire Department.
When the afflicted animal is convales
cing there is an exercising yard of
warm sand, where he can take his sun
bath and romp and roll till he is himself
again.
One team, above all others, has car
ried to Its separation by death the hon
ors for all its brethren. There were
three of them, "Pup," "Mush" and
"Bob." Their driver. Jack Hayden, is
now stationed with 21 engine, at Oak
and Devisadero streets. At the time of
the first horse show in this city the
horses were stationed at the house of
engine 2. on Bush street, near Kearny,
and there was hardly a minute of the
day when they were on duty that the
sidewalk in front of the engine house
was not filled with admirers.
"Pup." "Mush" and "Bob" were dap
ple grays, big rangy fellows with flow
ing silv( ry manes and tails that were
dreams of flumness. "Mush" was the
darkest, a steel gra'\ and will be re
membered as the off horse of the trio in
the hitch-up. Poor "Mush" went to the
boneyard moons ago. After partici
pating in the highest honors that can.
fall to a horse he fell in the discharge
of duty.
One midnight that the fashionables of
San Francisco will long remember the
bell tap summoned "Mush" and his
mates to answer an alarm of fire just
at the close of a Mardi Qras ball at the
Hopkins Institute of Art. The gray
wonders of engine 2 dashed out of their
house and ran to Dupont, up Dupont
to Pine and then took the heart-break
ing hill, up, up. to Powell— two blocks
of the steepest grade a municipality
ever cobbled.
Engine 2 got there mainly through
the efforts of "Mush, " who cast two
shoes, so hard did he pull. Afterward
it was found the brave animal had rup
tured an intestine. For two full months
afterward he went on. responding
cheerfully to calls, then suddenly sick
ened and died. His end was so sudden
that an autopsy was determined upon.
It revealed the hidden hurt that had
brought him to his heroic death.
That death broke up the team and
now they are scattered. "Pup" is at
one station and "Bob" at another. Their
driver is at a third, but they are all
still in the department they have served
co well. Their feats will remain ever
fresh in the memory of all within the
fire lines, and many without.
bent, swarthy and forbidding of aspect,
he speaks of Carlotta as reverently as
he does of the Blessed Virgin. He keeps
alive one human heart that has not for
gotten her, and her bed of violets looks
the same now as It did when she last
knelt beside It, unconscious of the fact
that the grand structure created by her
ambition was to fall In ruins and rob
her of everything she possessed save
life.
Carlotta constituted herself president
of the Woman's Charitable Society, and
never during her stay in Mexico did
she neglect the affairs of state, regard
ing which she was at all times her hus
band's chief adviser. There is no doubt
that in the more Important measures
adopted by Maximilian she was the
brains and the potential element.
Then the United States interfered.
Napoleon was ordered to withdraw his
troops. Here again Carlotta was domi
nant. She would go herself to France
and intercede with the Emperor.
What can be more pathetic than the
spectacle of this girl Empress, then but
26 years old, pleading with the Em
peror of France and the Pope of Rome
for the means and soldiers to save from
ruin the empire of her husband, at a
time when Maximilian had been alrerMv
many weeks dead, murdered by the
people he had vainly tried to rule? The
wife, pleading for the husband's pres
ervation weeks after that husband was
moldering in his untimely grave! Tha
Empress struggling against hope for
the empire which had ceased to exist,
for an Emperor who was slain!
Carlotta's ambition and pride were
crushed, her heart broken, and then
God, in His infinite mercy, drew the
veil of forgetfulness over the mind of
this earnest woman, in order that she
might bo spared the agony that must
have been hers with the knowledge of
hen husband's awful death Young —
only twenty-six — beautiful, ambitious,
loving, on the very threshold of youth
and hope, she was seized and torn from
the world by the relentless hand of un
reason, and cast into the midnight of
utter blank.
For thirty-three years she has been
banished to an oblivion that is worse
than death. In Belgium her name is
an unspoken one. but in Palace Lack
en on the outskirts of Brussels, she
has passed a third of a century waiting
for her soul's release from its useless
prison. She believes that she is still
Empress of Mexico, awaiting the re
turn of Maximilian, who has gune at
the head of his army to quell a revolt
against his authority.
Since Carlotta entered her retreat
she has been seen by no one outside her
household, which is conducted in an
imperial manner from the fortune left
her by Leopold I. Every month of the
year Carlotta holds mimic court. The
members of her household, which num
bers more than three hundred persons,
are presented to her in the same cere
monious manner in which Queen Vic
toria holds her drawing room.
She presents them with gifts, which
are formally received — the pictures
tak«n from the v alls of the palace are
presented, and then the following day
are restored to their places — merely to
Indulge her demented fancy. Every
courtier and lady of honor plays the
part assigned with mimic dignity.
The grounds surrounding the palace
are not less In i.rea than Manhattan
Island itself, and there Carlotta drives
about daily in her coach of state, with
her cavaliers in attendance. There,
too, she sometimes wanders among
the flowers, planning improvements,
as she did about the grounds of Cha
pultepec, in Mexico.
Poor Carlotta!
2122
*y+ MERICA Is the birthplace of the
f I telephone. Its discovery was made
f— j generally known In Philadelphia
V. I during June, 1876, at the Centennial
JL Exposition, and the story of Its In
vention Is in many respects the
most marvelous and interesting part of
this one of the world's wonders.
Alexander Graham Bell, the genius who
gave it scientific birth, was born in Edin
burgh, Scotland, In 1847. His father. Alex
ander Mellville Bell, was the inventor of
what Is known as '-visible speech"— a sys
tem of teaching deaf mutes how to speak
by Indicating to them through visible
characters the combinations of the vocal
chords necessary to produce articulate
sounds. To the life work of his father
young Bell decided to devote himself.
After a preparatory training he entered
London University in 1567, but his health
failed him and he left shortly afterward.
In 1670, In company "with his parents, he
went to Canada.
Realizing that the United States offered
a broader field for the work that he had
In view, young Bell In 1872 came to the
United States and settled in Boston,
where he Introduced his father's system
of visible speech for the education of
deaf mutes. He supported himself at first
with private classes.
Meanwhile young Bell had commenced
experiments In that branch of physics and
electricity which embraces sound. The art
of telegraphy afforded an alluring field for
research, and about the time he came to
this country he conceived the Idea that a
system of multiple telegraphy might be
evolved from the principle tnat the va
rious chords of a musical Instrument are
■sensitive to sounds of different pitch.
While In Canada he worked out a system
of multiple telegraphy on this basis, and
upon locating in Boston he interested
Gardiner Hubbard and Thomas Sanders,
two gentlemen of wealth, in his experl-
They had confidence in the young man,
and the three entered a partnership, it
being agreed that Messrs. Hubbaxd and
Sanders should defray the expenses of
the experiments necessary to complete
Bell's system of telegraphy, and for tak
ing out necessary patents
. Teaching was. absolutely Bell s onl>
means of support. He spent all day in the
class room, and when night cam© devoted
his time to study and experiment, Borne
time, in 1874 there occurred to him the idea
that possibly the human voice itself might
lie transmitted end reproduced by means
of the electric current. His partners,
Messrs. Hubbard and Sanders, preferred,
however, that the young man should de
vote himself to the completion of his
system of multiple telegraphy, and rather
discouraged his seemingly impracticable
Idea for the transmission of speech by the
electric current.
The year of 1876 dawned dark and
gloomy enough on the struggling young
inventor. After he had completed his sys
tem of multiple telegraphy and applied
for his patent he found that his title to
an original Invention was contested by
the distinguished scientist, Elisha Gray
of Philadelphia. He went to Washington
to look after his interests, and while
there called on the veteran physicist and
electrician. Professor Joseph Henry, the
secretary of the Smithsonian Institution.
In the course of his interview with Pro
fessor Henry he explained his Ideas for
The Telephone
MYSTERY OF FAMOUS TREASURE
OF THE SAN LEON MONASTERY
V T is an American who came nearest
I t<"> solving the problem of the great
! treasure trove of the San Leon
A Church of Mexico. He is J. F. Bell,
a recently returned miner and pros
pector for gold.
"Tt is Bcarcely two summers ago,"
said Mr. Bell, that I was at the heafi
of a quartz milling establishment near
Guadauop<- y Calvo, in Chihuahua.
There were aboul fifty swarthy and
powerful peons, or semi-slave, half
breeds, working under me, and I had
.absolute power over them. I also had
a privilege of taking on new hands.
"One day a curious little Mexican ap
plied for work at the mill. He seemed
to >>c a man of Intelligence above the
average, and had evidently traveled a
great distance. He looked very diminu
tive beside the six f < •< > t 'greasers,' who
were able to carry 500 pounds of gold
quartz on their backs, but 1 -took pity
on him and hired him. •
"He worked faithfully and well to the
limit of his strength. IJe had nothing
to do with the 'greasers' -who were
about him on every Hide.
"One night I heard a faint rap on my
door Just as I was retiring. I askr-d
the visitor in, and found It to be my
curious workman. His face was the
picture of misery. 'I have a great se
cret to tell you,' he paid. 'I can trust
no one but you and 1 cannot longer re
main silent. You will never regret
granting me this request.
" 'Look at these, sir,' he eaid. softly,
putting Into my hands some of the
queerest octagon-shaped gold coins of
antique design that I had ever seen.
'Po you know what they are? Well, I
-will tell you. They are part of the hid
den treasures of Kan Leon.'
"My veins tingled at the sound. I
knew the history of th<> country well
enough to know that In 1856, duri-ng a
temporary disturbance of a revolution
ary nature, so frequent in < >!d Mexico,
the rich treasures of the San Leon
church, amounting to some $8,000,000
in gold, together with valuable relics
and altar pieces, were stolen and car
ried into the mountains, no one knew
whither.
"I turned the coins over in my hand,
feeling a queer sense of stepping upon
perilous but fascinating ground. 'And
do you know where this treasure Is? 1 I
asked. The little Mexican placed his
hand on his heart as he Raid, 'Before
God, I swear it!' Then after a pause,
'Listen, senor. while I tell you a little
of my history.
"'My people* are from Toluca, near
the City of M< Kico. I was an
only son. A little peon devil,
With Home of my father's blood in
his vein's, was brought up with me.
He was of the lower order and wan
thrifty, content with little. When he
became old enough to shift for himself
ho bought a H t tie herd of goats and
tended them himself. One day ap he
was gathering them together to drive
them down the canyon out of reach of
the mountain lions he missed one. He
the construction of the telephone. He
then wrote to his father and mother In
Canada, telling- them of his talk with Pro
fesser Henry.
"I felt," said he. "so much encouraged
from his (Professor Henry's) interest, that
I determined to ask his advice about The
apparatus I have designed for the trans
mission of the human voice by telegraph.
I explained the idea, and said:
" 'What would you advise me to do
publish it and let others work it out, or
attempt to solve the problem myself?"
"He said he thought it was the germ of
a great invention, and advised me to work 1
It out myself instead of publishing.
"I Bald i recognized that there were
mechanical difficulties In the way tiiat
rendered the plan impracticable at the
present time. I added that T felt that I
ha.i not the electrical knowledge neces
sary to overcome the difficulties. His
laconic answer was:
•' 'Gel It.' "
The letter written after Bell's return
to Boston, and he started In on his experi
mental work with renewed energy. Tie
taxed his resources, financial and physi
cal, to the limit, and then he resolved on
a bold step. On March IS he wrote to his
father and mother:
"' have put off my pupils and all my
classes until the first of April. ■ .-Flesh and
blood could not stand much longer the
strain I have had upon me. Professional
work is all In confusion, and the only way
is to cut the Gordian knot and throw up
■ everything 1 until the end is achieved."
X.l] worked on now day and night.
studying and experimenting. Meanwhile
the situation had become complicated.
•In the course of his association with his
partner, Mr. Hubbard, he had met the
charming young daughter of that distin
guished philanthropist, then Miss Mabel
[übbard. They had fallen in love with
one another. The pride of the Scotch
gentleman of small means, which has
been so charmingly characterized in the
novels of Sir "Walter Scott, was exag
gerated in young Bell. The expense of
his actual experiments •In multiple tele
graphy had been defrayed by his part
ners in the enterprise. But that or the
telephone experiments fell entirely on
him, and his slender. purse was taxed to
the utmost to meet the calls upon it. He
was unwilling to go to the father of his
fiancee and ask a loan to help him defray
his living expenses, and those incident to
the purchase and construction 01 expen
sive apparatus. Neither was he willing
to turn to his parents for aid; and with
his sole source of revenue cut off by the
dismissal of his classes, he found himself
reduced to the verge of actual want. At
this iuuctnre a friend came forward and
loaned him a small sum of money on the
security of his prospective earnings from
teaching during the coming winter.
With this he struggled on. The date of
the real discovery of the telephone might
be said to be June 2, 1575. On that day
Bell was standing by one of his harmonic
instruments, when his assistant accident
ally tapped the connecting instrument
■with his hand. The slight noise proceed
ing from the nearby receiver would have
escaped the attention of a less skilled ob
server than Bell. To him it sounded as
distinct as the crack of a pistol. Again
and again the excited young scientist
made his assistant repeat the lapping
with his finger on the connected har
monic Instrument, while he stood with
his ear to. the receiving instrument, list
ening delightedly to the sounds that is
sued from it. Within the hour he gave
orders for the construction of exactly
such a telephone as in the preceding fall
he had described to Dr. Blake. The elec
tric speaking telephone was then a prac
tical certainty. ;V- _ .
One hour after the application was filed
started back, calling for the missing
goat.
" 'He heard faint cries afar, but only
after great difficulty and in the closing
h'iur of day did he find the beast, which
had wandered in "nehind a ledge of rock
and could not retreat. As the herder
advanced the goat pushed forward till
Mexicun Peon Carrying five n ur >dred Pounds of Ore on rjls Bac^.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, JTCTL.Y 9, 1899.
both stood in a dark and weird cave.
Then the man struck a match to find
his goat, when he saw a gleaming cru
cifix In the darkness beyond.
" 'Along on the ledges about him
hung what were once leather pouches,
but the weight of their load had long
burst them, and the floor of the cave
was a vast heap of dust-covered gold
coin. Crazed with amazement and ter
ror. Paolo seized a handful of thes,?
coins and dashed out of the cave and
thence on down the mountain side as
if pursued by demons.
" 'He kept his secret well for five
days; then he came to me, his one
friend and confidant. When I saw the
coins I was crazy. We planned to go
up to the mountain canyon the next
day, and we did bo. I saw that the
man spoke the truth. I drove my hand
into the heaps Of gold, senor, up to the
shoulder. It wan the lust treasure of
San Leon without the slightest doubt.
1 have a pistol — here it is, senor — you
see, the hammer will not stay cocked.
Well. In handling the piece there the
pistol went off and shot poor Paolo
through the heart. Dumb with terror,
I seized hat and staff and dashed from
the cave, hurrying below.
" 'For five days there was no search
for poor Paolo. Then my aunt came to
me and said, "Francesco, you have on
Paolo's hat. You must have seen him
last. Where is he?" I was Bpeechless
with fright. •'Moreover," sh>- contin
ued, "Here are some strange coins I
founded hidden in his blankets. Whose
are they?" I confess that 1 could have
snatched them from her hand, but I
restrained myself. Two o£ the coins
were sent to. the City of .Mexico, and
Immediately Government officials were
out there with the news that these
coins were part of the lost treasure
of San Leon.
" 'The country was in an uproar over
the discovery. It was thought that
Paolo was at the head of a band, and
that they were somewhere in the moun
tains still with the great treasure. A
hundred of the civil military were or
dered to patrol all the mountain passes
of the district. In terror of apprehen
sion, senor, I fled, and here I am.'
"The man's story was so straightfor
ward that I never questioned it. nor do
I to this day. When he proposed that
we return for the treasure, for he vow
ed that he would never dare to do so
unless I went ahead of him and turned
poor Paolo's open eyes to the wall while
we gathered up the golden store, I was
with him. The gamble and danger of
the game fascinated me. I took $300.
intrusted it to him, gave him a Tiew
suit of clothes and a rifle and. equipped
with a camping outfit, started by rail
to the south. Near our destination we
left the railroad and proceeded on
horseback, securing good animals from
the ranchers.
"We had not penetrated the moun
tain district far — our very promised
'and — when we happened upon three of
the patrolling soldiers. They halted us
and demanded to know our mission.
Paolo told them that I was from the
States and seeking a purchase of a
ranch, that I- could not speak a word
of Spanish and that he was my valet
and interpreter. We exchanged com
pliments and passed on. But only a
few miles further they came after us
pellmell and plied us with more ques
tions, leaving us a second time. When
this was repeated a third time Fran
cesco whispered. "Senor, you down the
fat one ahead and I will kill the other
two. I am a dead shot. We cannot be
stopped here on the very threshold of
success.'
"But I demurred. There was to be
no killing for me. I knew the conse
quences, and preferred that the gold
MOST FIENDISH EXECUTIONER
LIVING AT THE PRESENT DAY
A MAN whose boast is that he ha^taken one hun
dred and sixty-two lives and whose proud delight
is to enlarge upon the several and original meth
ods employed in this cold-blqoded butchery can
hardly be believed possible In this civilized close
of the nineteenth century. In the olden days of French
revolution, the Spanish Inquisition and the gory red ax of
robber German barons, suoh characters cut out many a
cruel page of bloody history, but for such a monster to ex
ist in th^se days of mercy and to have ruled at the very
door of our own free country seems almost incredible. Yet
such a one does live and, until quite recently, held full and
brutal sway as "professional executioner" for Maceo in
Santiago de Cuba. This brute, for he Is little else. Is named
"Tien Con." ' He is a burly negro, coal black, with beetling
brows and sunken, beady eyes of snakelike brilliancy, cruel,
cold and seldom blinking. His large mouth, massive chin
and strong white dog teeth give but a hint of his marvel
ous physical strength. His muscles stand out on arms and
shoulders like great ripe cocoanuts. Never has "Tren Con"
been known to miss or take two blows with his keen ma
cheta on a quivering, helpless victim.
Maceo made this black fiend his official executioner with
full discretionary power, and the dark tales of devilish
tortures as well as the negro's own boast of 162 heads indi
cate that h- carried out the duties of his horrible office
well and to the full limit of authority.
"Tren Con" is now in the hands of the American soldiers
at Morro to be tried for murder, and will doubtless soon be
a thing of the past.
He was .captured with thirty other robbers, members of
a band under his own leadership, who had been the terror
of the country people until the boys in blue "rounded up"
the bandits, capturing the thirty aforementioned besides
killing thirteen.
Since his lmprisomnenl he has neve* uttered a single word
of regret for the many lives that are written against his- name
In the book of Judgment; but on the contrary has taken espe
cial delight In- regaling bia guards with sickening accounts of
Ingenious methods for extracting information from political
prisoners and the .proper etiquette governing the office of oub
lic "executions. He seems to fear nothing in the realization of
the fact that he must Boon pay the penalty of his crimes by
himself suffering the death penalty, and in discussing the mat
ter merely says that he could perform the job better than any
bungling American executioner. He is closely watched lest he
should increase his horrible record of 162 lives to 183— with him
self in the double role of slayer and victim. %
should be untarnished with blood. The
soldiers demanded that we go clown to
the city and $et permission of the gov
ernment to pass into the mountains.
This I knew was impossible to do just
then, and we went down in the
direction thirty miles utterly disconso
late, my companion continually calling
to me to wheel round and do the trick
that would liberate us.
"Not da-ring to enter the city, we
ramped outside for flve days, unde
cided. For three days we argued; then
th^i« came a woman on the scene. She
was a very beautiful creature, evident
ly Francesco's former sweetheart. She
was the only one in the country who
had recognized him as a new personal
ity. For a day or two they mooned
about the place, and then the girl dis
with the Commissioner of Patents Elisha
Gray of Philadelphia also filed a caveat
warning Inventors against any attempt to
patent an instrument such as the tele
phone, as he was doing some work looking
to the transmission of speech by the elec
tric current. Had this been filed before
Bell's application, there is a possibility
that he would not have been granted a
patent.
Patent No. 174.465, perhaps the most im
portant ever allowed by the United States
Patent Office, was issued on March 7. IS7G.
to Graham Bell for his original invention
of an electric speaking telephone.
Meanwhile Bell sent the rude instru
ments which constituted his first tele
phone on to the Centennial Exposition in
Philadelphia. They were placed in an ob
scure corner of the Massachusetts ex
hibit, and attracted little or no attention.
Gardiner Hubbard was attending the
Exposition during the latter part of June.
He learned that on Sunday, June 28, the
board of judges of the exposition, includ
ing Professor Henry and Sir William
Thomson, since Lord Kelvin, would. In
company with the Emperor of Brazil, in
spect some of the inventions in harmonics
of the distinguished scientist, Elisha
Gray. As a special favor Mr. Hubbard
obtained from them a promise to allow
young Bell to show his telephone contriv
ance to the party. He then telegraphed
Bell to come to Philadelphia.
Class work at this time was pressing,
and Bell had about made up his mind
to let the night train for New York and
Philadelphia leave without him when
some one announced that Miss Hubbard
was awaiting him in her carriage.
"Why. aren't you ready to go to
Philadelphia?" was the question which
greeted him.
The young man began to explain about
duties which would deter him from tak
ing the trip.
"Well, come take a drive with me."
said his fiancee. He got In the carriage
Immediately and was driven to the tta
tion. There Miss Hubbard descended. Mr.
Bell did likewise.
The New York train was already wait-
Ing on the track, with steam up, ready
to pull out.
"Mr. Bell, you are going to Philadelphia
to exhibit your invention," was the de
cided order that the young man received.
And go to Philadelphia he did.
The next mortilng Bell arrived In Phil
adelphia and prepared to exhibit his tele
phone. Sir William Thomson Professor
Henry and the Emperor of Brazil had
taJten a long time in examining the really
remarkable invention of El!sh,a Gray and
must have felt considerably bored when
young Bell finally gained their attention.
But he had not proceeded far before they
became intensely interested. After ex
plaining the theory of the telephone, Bell
placed Sir William Thomson at one of his
instruments, and stationing another mem
ber of the party at the other, he told them
to go ahead and talk to one another.
"To be, or not to be, that is the ques
tion?" began Sir "William. "Do you hear
me?" The answer came back, "Yes,
quite plainly." The memberg of the party
were simply astounded. The Emperor of
Brazil was then stationed at one of the
instruments and carried on an animated
conversation with Elisha Gray, who
stated his wonder at the marvelous in
vention of Bell.
For a week Sir William, Professor
Henry and others experimented with and
examined the telephone instruments.
When they had satisfied themselves as to
the great scientific and practical value of
the invention, no words of praise from
them for Bell and his telephone could
prove too strong.
"Tren Con," N\aceo's Official Executioner.
appeared.
"Francesco was like one insane after
that. What tidings the girl brought or
whether he told her his secret or not,
I never discovered. Once more and for
the last time Francesco asked me if I
would go on up the mountains, killing
everything in our way to success. Still
I stood my ground, and the next morn
ing at daybreak I awoke and "there by
my side stood my Francesco's rille and
belt, all the money, with a strict memo
randum of accounts, and the clothing I
had given him even to the last stitch.
When I hunted about camp for the
m^n he was gone.
"I tracked him toward the railroad
and followed on blindly over the ties.
A mile beyond the curve I saw a wo
man on the railroad bridge, bent down
mmmMß
afterward announced the marriage < v
Mils Mabel Hubbard to Alexander Gra
ballc principles a the inst rumen > s wfccn
now transmit messages^ amounting -im«i
the Ullions annually are Ide ««caiiy mo
same as those first applied by Bell, me
remainder has been a matte,r of evolution
and of adaptation Of late the F-lnclpal
movements have been effected a!on« mo
line of long distance telephony untl con
versatlona can now be carried on betweui
stations 2000 miles apart. ., rm . r .
Bell himself 'discovered that a armor
convenient form of receiver than the
piece of iron attached to a membrane was
one which substituted a circular iron dibK
tirmlv clasped in front of a magnet. This
was found to vibrate in much beuar
unison with the transmitter into which
words were spoken at the other end or
the circuit. •,-.-:.• "* ' ,_,,.
Although a precisely similar contriv
ance to the Bell receiver, as it Is now
generally called, will serve as a trans
mitter as well, an improved form or
transmitter, known as the Blake carbon
transmitter! has now been generally
adopted. This form of transmitter sub
stitutes for the magnet behind the iron
diaphragm a number of small pieces or
loose carbon placed between a carbon dia
phragm and a solid support. Carbon was
found to be preferable to metal on ac
count of its peculiar properties for trans
mitting sound. So delicate and suscepti
ble to sound is the carbon transmitter
that the footfalls of a fly crossing the
carbon disk produce a perceptible sound
in the telephone. _
The carbon transmitter substitutes ror.
the impulses of electricity, which were
induced in the original form of transmit
ter by the action of the iron diaphragm
on the magnet, an electric current which
passes directly through the carbon dia
phragm and the loose carbon behind it.
In this case, the vibrations of the voice
falling on the carbon disk affect the cur
rent directly.
The electrical impulses are accentuated
by the motion transmitted through the
disk to the loose carbon. In this shape
they are transmitted to the wire, ana
a series of impulses corresponding ex
actly. in rapidity and shape or quality to
those sent out are then reconverted Into
facsimile pounds at the receiving Instru
ment. , ..
The method described Is known as the
battery system, and is in general use at
present on all lines of any great length.
In the most improved instruments th«
Blake carbon transmitter is used In con
nection with the Bell receiver.
Specially contrived batteries are now
used for reinforcing the current on long
distance lines, and magnetic coils ar»
used to convert the electric vibrations
caused by the voice into suitable form
for long distance transmission. A thou
sand improvements in call bells for at
tracting the attention of the central sta
tion in the arrangement and construction
of the transmitting and receiving instru
ments themselves, in the system of switch
boards and switches employed at the cen
tral stations, and in methods of making
connections, have been added since the
telephone was first put into practical
operation by Graham Bell and his asso
ciates.
as if weeping. I came upon her. It
was the beautiful, creature I had seen
about camp. I asked her what was the
matter. She only pointed into the river
far below. There I discerned the still
form of Francesco floating face up in
the Hjnpid waters. He was a suicide
"The reason? I never discovered
whether it was love •or madness. I
think, however, that in his cupidity he
really killed his half-brother Paolo
was insane with remorse, and the love
affair aggravated him to desperation
Of that I do not know, but one thine
I am certain, Francesco had the secret
of the great San Leon treasure which
I came within an ace of sharing with
him, but which will now remain a so
cret probably for another hundred yea.
it may be a thousand years." 'The Passing of the Boers
THE passing of th*' Bn»r now
hastens apace. Th« beginning of
Mb end is at hnnd. and at any
moment may come the burst
that will announce the last act of the
most interesting historical drama that
has com* upon the world's stage dur
ing the century.
And a bloody tragedy will this last
ect be, as have been most of the others
in his history, for however comical the
situation and ridioulous the attitude
of the Bow may appear to Europeans,
he is a furious. God-fearing lighter,
and, man to man, has already pro Ted
himself more than equal to Britain's
best, as witness the several bloody bat
tles of the short two months' war
of 1881, ending with the disastrous de
feat and rout of the British at Majuba
HilL Then he was not so well equipped
with arms and munitions, while his foes
the most modern of both. Now
the Boer has the very best that plentl
ady gold will buy, and is. more
an expert in their use under any
;; conditions.
Well may the British Government
ite to again er.ga.se with such a
Vet the time is full; the national
sis of the English merchant and
are impeded by the Boer, and
cost what blood and
treasure it may.
The Boer whom the British found at
rlony in 1806, when the fortune
r gave them th.it their first start
in the game of land-grabbing: on the
Dark Continent, was not, as is often
supposed, of pifre Dutch extraction, al
gh that strain largely predomin-
!!•• was the ultimate product of 104
- growth fron a mixed stock of
inders, ■ ■ Swedes and
Finn? with a few British— ll6 men in
horn Captain Jan Van Riebcek, on
behalf of the Dutch Kast India Conr
brought from Holland in 14125, to
blish a n»vi«-tu?illing post for
=hJps ai th-= < • k»od Hopei
- latertht port became a col
the sense of thq word
i making per
• ■ ■ ■ • rr< mnding ci mn
■gan the d
if th* r»a! Boer — not in Cape
visited by ships of all nations
nd from the Indies and cor
■ • with Europe and
: out in the country .if th»
•. the lion and ih>? eriraffe. who
■ . le place before him: war
:h<> first and fighting tin
Lnd hie like, who numei
CURIOUS SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA PINES
IS THE ONLY GROVE IN THE WORLD OF A
THIS PECULIAR SPECIES. J
OX the san<l.=tone rlfffH that jut out
into the sea eighteen miles north of
the bay of San Diego, and in the
unsightly little canyons that mar
the beauty of the sandstone formation,
is found the Pimis Torreyana— pine tree
that with the exception of a few speci
mens growing in Lower California, on
Santa Rosa Island, off the coast of South
ern California, and near San Pedro, is
found in no other part of the world.
The gmve in Ban Diopo County con
tains nearly a thousand specimens of the
rare and unique pine, which in spite of
V»e buffeting winds from the ocean and
Grove of Plqus TorreyaQa on SaQta Rosa Islaod.
abounded, from his flocks and "kraals";
he spent half his time in the saddle, al
ways with ready rifle. His horse \va*
as a part of himself, and his aim as
quick and true as his eyesight.
The growth of the colony, though
slow at first, became more rapid after
the middle of the seventeenth century,
as its importance began to be more ap
preciated by the Dutch East India
Company. With visiting ships came
men from all nationalities, and loads
of young Dutch women were regularly
sent out from Holland to provide them
with wives. The revocation of the
edict of Nantes, 1685, sent several hun
dred French Huguenots, most desirable
to the Cape.
This process of admixture and as
similation produced not Holland
Dutchmen, but South African Dutch
men, Boers not to be duplicated else
where on the face of the earth.
Cape Colony passed permanently un
der the British flag with the capture of
Cape Town by (General Baird in ISO 6.
though it had been held by them under
a Governor sent out from England
from IT9"> until restored to Holland by
the peace of Amiens in 1808.
Though inaugurated with fair prom
ises \vhi< h were well pleasing t-> the
colonists, who had' suffered long under
the oppressive exactions of the Dutch
East India Company, the rule of their
new masters soon became far heavier
than that of the old.
General Craig on taking possession
Issued a proclamation stating, "The
monopoly and the oppression hitherto
practii >-il for the profit of the East In
dia Company is at an end. From this
day forward there is free trade and a
free marker. Every one may buy from
whom he will, sell to whom he will,
employ whom he will and come and go
wherever he chooses, by land or by
water. No new taxes will be levied,
and those in existence which are found
oppressive to th>- people will be done
away with. The paper money shall
■ ■ontSmie to hold Its value, but the
English make thoir payments in hard
coin." This from the representative of
the British Government sounded well
and promised contentment and pros
perity; Had his successors lived up
to his promises the Boers would have
lons remained In Cape Colony, the
••ijv-at Trek" would not have been
- .md the history of Boer wars and
British defeats in the past and now
about to come would not have to be
written.
The policy outlined by General Craig
was entirely ignored by his next suc
cessor and those after him. In its
place were measures calculated to
-rush the very life out of the colony.
\U important offices were held by
Englishmen with inordinately large
LOVES THE SEA AND WILL GROW ON
BARREN SANDSTONE CLIFFS.
the ravages of thoughtless woodchoppers
has thrived and grown and lent beauty to
the otherwise barren landscape along that
part of the coast. Though it has been
nearly half a century since the prove was
discovered and the species given a name
by a FCientist, no definite steps have ever
been taken by the authorities of San
Diego to preserve the trees. The City
I of San Diego— the corporate lim
:t- of the city extend to a point further
north than the grove of pines— has now
before it an ordinance setting apart the
pine lands ac a park reservation, and
there Is not a member of the Council bo
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
,v- * <£*<**, ♦ <$> *. # <$> -f. ♦ <$• ♦ #■ $> <$► «. ♦ ♦ 4> 4> <& $ $ •* • ♦ * * <*■ ♦ <^ 6 <&&■&&<&&ss•&** *■ <?> *• ♦ •«• * ■& * <s> -^ ■■»
;. ' ♦
I The hardy mem of the Transvaal can "trek 9 ' ♦
% mo longer. The British SMrroiind them and the %
; hand of England begins to dose. The Boer has I
I gold and can fight. Will he wan 9 or is the day near I
I when he shall at last fall before his old 9 bitter foe? j
salaries, which consumed more than
two -thirds of the whole revenue. All
trade with countries >-nst of the Cape
was reserved for the English Kast In
dia Company and heavy duties were
imposed on all goods brought from the
West In other than English bottoms.
The Government fixed the price at
which the farmers should furnish sup
plies to the garrison and ships of war
calling at the Cape, and further large
issues of paper money were made. Op
pressive personal laws, tyrannically
enforced, abridged the liberties of the
colonists and kept them in a state of
sullen discontent. An influx of 5000
British settlers in IX2O-21 was followed
by a decree requiring all official docu
ments to be published in English and
all proceedings in the courts of law to
be in that language, and then that all
memorials and petitions addressed to
the Government should be in English
or have a translation attached. The
outside Circuit Courts were done away
with and aJI criminal cases required to
be taken to Cape Town. In no other
colony has Great Britain ever pursued
such harsh measures as were had in
dealing with the Bo«-rs.
The reduction of the value of the
paper money, much of which had been
Issued by the Government, to three
eighths of the face of the notes, and
making English silver legal tender at
that rate of exchange, caused a lose
of some $4,000,000 to the colonists, most
of which fell upon the farmers in the
outlying settlements.
A military police, composed of Hot
tentots under English officers, was .an
other great cause of complaint.
Finally the last straw came in the
shape of the emancipation proclamation
putting an end to slavery in the colony
after December 1, 1834. The "Great
Trek" began in 1835. The Boer farmers,
almost to a man, left Cape Colony and
sought new homes in the unexplored
regions to the northeast.
It was proposed to pay the colonists
for their slaves set free. A commission
fixed their value at about $15,000,000.
Of this amount the home Government
cut off two-thirds actually and the rest
practically, by requiring each claim to
be proved before a commission in Lon
don, and payment then to be made in
3^ per cent stock.
The farmers could not well make the
disloyal to the city as to vote against the
adoption of the ordinance.
This pine tree was first made known to
the world by Dr. C. C. Parry, a noted
botanist and member of the Mexican
Boundary Commission in 1850, who, finding
it "was a new species, dedicated It to the
veteran American botanist. Dr. John
Torrey who may be called the father of
systematic botany in America. This plant,
so far as the United Stattw is concerned,
is practically confined to the locality near
J,a Jolla, though It is said that a few scat
tered trees are found near San Pedro, in
the mountains of Lower California and on
Santa Rosa Island. The tree is known to
th© world only thraurn San. Diego. For
long journey to London, and, selling
their claims for a small fraction of their
face, forswore allegiance to the British
crown, abandoned everything they
could not readily carry with them and
"outspanned" into the unbroken wil
derness.
The exodus began in 1835, and for the
next three years party after party of
Boers, numbering from ten to 11 ft y
families, carrying all their belongings
in huge wagons drawn by ten or twelve
span of oxen each, poured from Cape
Colony across the orange River and
then over the Drakensberg Mountains
Into the more inviting country of Na
tal.
Sir George Napier, then Governor of
Cape Colony, in a proclamation issued
in July, 1838. set forth the principle
which has governed the attitude of the
British Government toward the Boers
ever since. It invited the Boers to re
turn, and at the same time informed
them that her Majesty's Government
was ".determined not to permit the cre
ation of any pretended independent
States by any of her Majesty's sub
jects, which the emigrant farmers con
tinued to be." The Boers protested,
then resisted, but were overpowered,
and in 1843 Natal was proclaimed to be
a British province.
They spread out over what is now
the Orange Free State and some of
them crossed the Vaal River and blazed
the way for a larger emigration that
wa« soon to follow.
British aggression followed them into
the Orange country, and in spite of th.^
warnings of Pretorious, their leader,
that the Boers would resist or "trek"
again. In 1848 the country between the
Orange and Vaal Rivers was proclaim
ed to be British territory, under the
title of the Orange River Sovereignty.
The Boers gathered and fought, but
were beaten In the battle of Boomplatz,
near Bloemfontein a.nd most of them
"trekked"' across the vaal, to join th-ir
companions, leaving their farms to
British emigrants from Cape Colony.
Again they formed a new republic,
the Independence of which was formal
ly recognized by the British in January,
1852, by what was called the Sand River
Convention, which "guaranteed in the
fullest manner on the part of the Brit
ish Government, to the emigrant farm
ers across the Vaa! River, the right to
manage their own affairs and govern
a number of years a wanton destruction
of the grove near La .Tolla had been going
on, more than one-half of the trees being
cut dnwn for firewood. Doubtless this
will cease now that the land is to be set
apart as a park reservation.
The wild seedlings <lo not bear trans
planting. A few years ago the County
Board of Supervisors, with a praisewor
thy desire to preserve to posterity a few
of these trees, had a dozen removed to
the Courthouse grounds in San Diego, but
to-day not one Is living to tell the tale.
The seeds do not germinate readily, ami
only pHinstaklner care ran carry them
d\> : r the ilrst three months. Then they
are safe, and a sturdier grower Is not to
be found. That they love the .sea is
shown by the tenacity with which they
cling to "the crumbling sandstone over
hanging the beach. Some day California,
will awako to the fact that here is tho
tree to reforest the barren coast hills.
There has been a great demand on the
part of European botanists and horti
culturi.-ts fur seeds of this pine, and they
have been largely-- cultivated in Europe,
more for their rarity, however, than for
their beauty.
The Pinus Torreyana is a small tree
twenty or thirty feet high and twelve to
fifteen Inches In diameter. The leaves are
crowded at the ends of the thick branch
lets In the axils of lanceolata, strongly
fringed braots, very stout, eight to twelve
lneh«« long, young sheaths fifteen to
•lghteen lines long, old ones six lines
long (a line Is one-twelfth of an
inch); cones ovate, four to four and one
half Inches long by three and one-half
inches thick, patulous or defluxed on pe
ducles an inch long; umbo short and stout
or sometimes elongated and lnnexed;
seeds oval, eight to ten Hues long, twice
as long as the wing which encloses the
■eed. The Plnus Torreyana Is fifty miles
from any other species of pine. In many
respects It resembles the historic Pinus
Plnea of the ancients, which has-been
cultivated from time Immemorial.
In a paper read before the San Diego
Society of Natural History November 2,
1883 the discoverer of the Pinus Torrey
ana Dr C. C. Parry, tells how he found
the rare and interesting pine tree. He
said- "In the spring ot 1850, when con
nected with the Mexican boundary sur
vey my attention was first called to a
peculiar species of pine growing on the
Pacific Coast at the mouth of the Sole
dad Valley, San Diego County, by a cas
ual inquiry from Dr. J. L. Le Conte, the
distinguished American entomologist,
then staying In San Diego, asking 'what
pine It was growing near the ocean beach
at that locality? Not having any speci
mens to show, he simply mentioned at the
times Its dense cones and its long, stout
leaves, five In a sheath. Not long after
an opportunity offered the writer for a
personal investigation, having been or
dered by Major W. H. Emory to make a
geological examination of the reported
coal deposits on the ocean bluff above
Soledad.
"In making a section of these strata
it was necessary to follow up some of the
■harp ravines that here debouch on the
ocean beach, and here my attention was
taken up by this singular and unique
maritime pine, which, with its strong
clusters of ttrminal leaves, and Its dis
torted branches loaded dow.i with pon
derous cones, was within easy reach of
botanical clutch. From the note? and
collections there made a description was
drawn up dedicating this well-marke.i
new species to an honored friend and in
structor both of Le Conte and the writer,
viz.. Dr. John Torrey of New York, as
Plnus Torreyana, Parry.
Though sixteen years have passed since
Dr Parry read that paper before the His
torical Society, it was' only within the
past few weeks that steps were taken to
set apart the pueblo lands upon which tha
Plnus Torreyana stand for park purposes.
An electric road may soon be running to
La Jolla. and It is not unlikely that an
extension of the road will be built to the
"Torrey pines."
themselves, according to their own
laws, without any interference on the
part of the British Government, and
that no encroachment should be made
by the said Government upon the terri
tory north of the Vaal River."
The Boers prospered in their new
home in spite of dissensions among
themselves :ind troubles with their na
tive neighbors, and in 1877 the idea of
annexing them to the British Crown
again took definite shape..
Sir Theophilus Shepstone, on behalf of
the British Government, came Into the
country on a visit of inspection, and af
ter consulting with a few of the inhabi
tants, on April 12, 1877, hoisted the Brit
ish Hag at Rustemberg, not far from
Pretoria. An interval of peaceful but
strong protest against this violation of
the Sand River Convention was follow
ed in December, 1880, by an uprising of.
the Boers, led by such men as Kruger.
Jnubert and others, who are still leaders
In Transvaal affairs. The British gar
risons in the towns were besieged and
when a strong force was sent from
Natal, under Sir Evelyn Wood, to their
assistance, the Boers met them at the
border and In four successive engage
ments, defeated them with terriblo loss,
especially of officers, and at small cost
to themselves.
At Majuba Hill, the last and most dis
astrous engagement to the British of
this seven weeks' war, they had every
advantage of position, on the summit of
Majuba Hill, where they were attacked
on February 26. 1881, by an inferior
force of Boers in three columns. Out
flanked and surrounded, the whole Brit
ish force, among whom were the fa
mous Gordon Highlanders, broke and
fled in utter rout, leaving many
dead on the field. A peace dictated by
the Boers, reaffirming the guarantee of
1852, was forced from General Wood,
who withdrew his forces.
The Transvaal Government has no
standing army, and, with the exception
of four volunteer organizations of 1200
men, know little of marching in line and
drilling, but they have some 38,000 able
men ready for service on short notice,
as was seen by the promptness with
which the Jamieson raid was ended in
18!»6. In the last three years they have
expended some $8,000,000 for arms and
ammunition, all of the most improved
patterns.
CORNSTALKS FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE
UNITED STATES NAVY WILL CARRY A
EELT OF CELLULOSE ARMOR.
ANEW device in warship construction
baa been found, which, it is believed,
•will make the American navy, chip
for ship, the superior of any other In
the world. Curiously enough, the ma
terial for this improvement comes, not
from our seaboard products, but from the
waste of Western farms. Itß value lies
in the fact that it will prevent a vesiel'9
fighting ability from beinK destroyed even
after she has been pierced in a dozen
places.
Mr. Lewis Nixon, formerly a United
Stateß naval constructor, and who Is now
engaged In building warships for the Gov
ernment at Ellzobethport, N. J., says of
the new invention:
"The value of some light substance that
will preserve the stability of light
armored vessels by displacing water that
might filter after a projectile has been
appreciated by naval constructors ever
since we began to build steel armored
vessels.
"To meet this need the French orig
inated the use of cellulose, which, .when
fired into, swells up under the Influence
of water and prevents further inflow.
After various trials It was adopted in
our navy. Thus, In the Columbia, tho
Boers Defeat Gordon Highlanders on Majuba Y\U\-
Since the discovery of the rich gold
fields within their borders, bringing in
a large influx of foreigners, mostly
British, and the gradual cutting them
off from any further "trekking" by
British annexation of the country to the
west and north of them, they have seen
the Inevitable and prepared for a last
and long struggle.
They may be successful for a time.
PREVENTS WATER COMING IN WHEN
PIERCED BY PROJECTILES.
New York and the Olympia, there are
protective decks of ample strength to keep
out the shells of any vessels they are
liable to engage, while their stability is
protected by belts of cellulose several feet
thick along the edges.
"No thoroughly satisfactory cellulose
material for this purpose was discovered,
however, until the pith of cornstalkß was
utilized in its manufacture. Corn pith Is a
perfect obturator. It absolutely prevents
water from coming- in by the opening
made by an 8-tnch shell. When chemically
treated It Is thoroughly fireproof and in
every way It meets the requirements of
the situation. , . *
"For keeping out water a celluloß© belt
of three feet may be said to be about as
efficient as a 6-lnch belt of steel, so that
we can protect our stability, when we
have & good protective deck back of it to
protect the vitals, with 100 tons of cellu
lose, where we should require 1000 tons of
armor."
The use of corn pith for this purpose
was suggested several years ago by Pro
fessor Mark W. Mersden, who had ob
served Its remarkable absorbent quali
ties. Ke brought the matter to the at
tention of the Cramps, and at their sug
gestion de-vised an apparatus for separ
ating the pith from the stalk. In 1595 the
naval authorities were induced to make
a test of the new product. A 250-pound
projectile was fired through a steel coffer
Corn Pith Used for Armor.
but with a large disloyal population In
their midst and the might of the British
Empire against them from without all
around, cut off completely from all
communication with the outside -world,
the result is a foregone conclusion.
Whether in two or ten years, the Brit
ish flag will ultimately triumph, the
Transvaal will have passed and the
Boer will follow.
dam packed -with cellulose three feet
thick. The shell made a hole a foot in
diameter through the structure. The
water was Immediately turned on and
continued for an hour. At the end of
that time not a drop had come through,
and the packing at the hole In the rear
of the plate was not even dampened.
Three factories now In operation are
pmployed In turlng out the product. The
largest of them is at Owensboro, Kv.
The others are at Rockford, 111., and
Chester, Pa.
Sinct- the whole process of this manu
facture is a new one, the machinery by
which It is carried on had to be espe
cially devised. The problems which it
presented baffled the inventor for tome
time, but he has at length succeeded in
perfecting machinery which make it pos
sible to turn out the finished products on
a large scale.
The stalks must be well ripened before
cutting-, and must be thoroughly cured.
After stripping off the ears the farmer
hauls the stalks to the factory, where
thuy are paid for at the rate of $3 per
ton.
The piles of stalks, Just as they come
to the factory, are fed into big cutting
machines, which chop them into short
lengths. Elevating shafts carry them to
the roof of the factory, where they pass
over great screens with fans to separate
the leaves and lighter parts.
An ingenious machine, with upright
knives, strips off the "shlve," the hard
outer portion of the Btalk and the tough
fibers that run lengthwise of the stem.
Only the soft inner portion is left.
From the stripping machines the whol»
mass falls upon long traveling strips or
canvas. The elastic nature of the pith
causes It to bound up and down on the
canvas until it falls' off into a receptacle
prepared for it. The chopped up stalks
and leaves go on to the end of the travel
ing curtains, where they are dumped into
cribs.
The pith goes next to the compressor,
where it is packed to about one-fourth
its former bulk. Even then It is so light
that only about three tons can be packed
into an ordinary freight car. The other
products are carried away for mixture
into the prepared food in which they are
used.
For a new industry the cornstalk busl
nrps is remarkably active. By the end of
a decade the statistics of the cornstalk
industry will probably be counted in mil
lions, and its influence in adding to the
prosperity of the great corn belt should
be very marked.
2324
VICTORY'S SIGN BLAZES FORTH MILES ABOVE THE SEA.
A SIGNAL LIGHT IN THE
CLOUDS.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., July
4.— lt has been left to Colorado to
plan and carry to a successful
conclusion the grandest celebration of
our nation's birth and glory ever
dreamed of by the most patriotic of her
citizens.
From time almost immemorial, ever
since war has been a part of human
life, watch-fires and signal-fires, have
blazed on cliffs and hill tops as warn
ings of danger or signs of rejoicing, but
never one has blazed so broad and high
as tho mighty beacon that our State
held aloft in dual celebration of our
country's day of independence and the
reception of that key of victory which
was presented to her by her gallant
son. Admiral Schley, a twelvemonth
since.
Think of a ton of red, white and blue
fire blazing on a mighty pedestal three
miles above the surface of the sens.
upon which Schley won his victory, and
two miles above the surface of the sur
rounding country! Think of it flashing
>ut its message of far-reaching import
lo city and village and hamlet, to
mountain and vale and plain, against a
background of frowning storm-clouds,
amid the blackness of a moonless
night!
This was Colorado's celebration — a
celebration which has never been
equalled, and will, most assuredly,
never be ex< ;!eu.
Pikes Peal:, the goal of wearied
westernbound pilgrims In the past, and
the historic monument of the present,
was chosen to wear, set in Its crown of
summer snow, the glowing jewel sym
bolical of the rejoicing of a nation's
sons over a nation's achievements.
On the summit -the United States
signal service building, the highest ob
servatory In the country, offered its
hospitality, and the over 2000 pounds of
chemicals provided by the loyal-spirited
citizens were conveyed thither during
the eventful day.
L»ate in the afternoon five men were
sent up from Manitou by Manager Sells
of the Pikes Peak Cog Railway to take
charge of the affair, and before night
fall a dozen more came up on a special
engine to assist in making it a glorious
success.
Up they vent on the steeply slanting
cog railway which looks so dangerous
and yet is so safe; up through canyons
and natural parks, through the timber
belt and the arid region where bloom
the briiliani Alpine flowers and email
mosses nestle amid the sharp-edged
rocks. And as they climbed higher and
ever higher il>h BUn'fi rays grew paler
until the low gathering clouds shut it
away altogether, and the breeze turned
to a chilly wind that had become a
raging gale by the time the mountain
i'>p was gained.
Snow and sleet beat upon and blinded/ 1
the brave ninri as they alighted upon
the apex of th-- lonely peak. A dense
sea of cloud shut them away from all
the world; a sea through whose depths
no message could come or be sent. Lit
tle wonder is it that their hearts sank
within them, weighted with the thought
that their journey had been in vain and
that disappointment was to be the por
tion of the waiting people whose bid
ding they had come to do.
Thousands In the towns and villages
on the hills and plains below were gaz
ing eagerly toward the mighty pile of
rock on which they stood in helpless
idleness, expecting with every passing
moment to see a flaring signal rush up
ward into the inky skies to tell the
story of the beginning of their stupend
ous undertaking.
But the signal did not rise. The Storm
King held sway on that bleak Island in
the great cloud ocean, and not until he
bad proven his power and worn himself
out with the violence of his unresisted
rage did he give the human intruders
into his lofty domain the opportunity
they sought.
\Tearied at last, and perhaps feeling
an admiration for and sympathy with
the bravery of soul which enabled them
to withstand hi? attacks in the hope of
ultimately carry*. ll ? out tne provisions
of their mission, he sank to rest and left
them undisturbed, bestowing, however,
the gracious gift of a continuous* suc
cession of his own lambent lightning
flashes overhead and around the border
of the horizon to add an element of
heavenly grandeur to their mortal
The lights of Manitou and Colorado
Springs gleamed up from below, to the
south a glittering line marked the town
of Pueblo and on every Bide points or
fire grouped together told of clusters of
human habitations, where hearts full of,
THE SA2S FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 0, 1599.
PIKES PEAK PILLAR OF
FIRE.
glowing patriotism were anxiously
beating in fear of .the possible failure
of the plan so carefully studied. But
such failure was not to be.
Eager hands, benumbed with cold but
swift to do their duty set off the charge
of powder which was to be the reas
suring word from them to the world
at their feet, and Colorado Springs
naled back with a sudden lurid blaze
which told that all was well and that
visual communication between the two
joints so far removed was Perfect
Denver still lay under.a veil of cloud
to the northward, but even that bar
rier melted away later on. and gave her
an unobscured view of one of the
grandest spectacles prepared by mortal
hands that man has ever seen.
Hastily the busy workers unpacked
the boxes which held prisoners the trl
'colored fires, and forming themselves
Into three parties made their way
through snow and ice and over precipi
tous and sleet-covered rocks to the sev
eral points agreed upon as bases of ope
rations The wind blew at tornadolike
speed tearing at their garments and
chilling them, in spite of the burden
some clothing, almost to the heart. The
boxes were 1 heavy and the trail was
tortuous and full of peril, but not one
turned back or even faltered by the
wayside. • . . ,
They were Americans, full or sturdy
American spirit: and they were sent,
there, the representatives of thousands
of their fellows, to celebrate an Ameri
can victory of the present, and Ameri
can emancipation, from the. control .of
another country In the past. Their
duty in such a case as this was their
pleasure, and they plunged onward
through the darkness as merrily as
schoolboys at play. '
At last the long-looked-for moment
came. A system of well-arranged sig
nals between the three groups of op
erators made it possible for the torches
to be applied to piles of powder at al
most the same moment. Then came a
sputtering, creeping sizzle followed by
a dull, parti-colored glow, ■which deep
ened and grew stronger and more in
tense with every pulse beat of the shiv
ering: men, who almost held their fro
zen breaths as they bent to watch It
struggle with the wind.
Down below in the gigantic amphi
theater of which the Peak was the
center and a horizon of lightning-riven
thunder clouds was the circling wall,
other hearts were beating high -with
expectant excitement.
Far up above the black timber belt,
at the vry edge of the rounding cone
of snow-laden rock which seemed to
touch the frowning heavens above,
three stars of flame twinkled through
the darkness.
Larger they grew and more lumi
nous. Higher they mounted and wider
they snread until the world-Tamous old
mountain wore upon its noble forehead
a liberty cap of our nation's colors —
the glorious red, white and blue for .
which our sires and sons have so *
bravely fought and for which they will
fight even to the death whenever stain
or dishonor menaces them.
The busy men up amid the snows
could not hear the almost frantic
cheers which greeted the evidence of
their successful efforts, but they saw
the answering lights flash here and
there, glowing spots' of crimson flame,
shooting stars and showers of scintil
lating flre, and their hearts were glad.
. Cold, tired, blaze-blinded and smoke
choked, they shouted and sang as they
worked and worked the better because
of it.
Pikes Peak of the New World became
for the time being a rival to Mount
Etna of the Old. A pillar of flre.
stretched from Its summit into the re
gions of air and the dense smoke
brooding over it seemed itself full of
lurid flames, menacing disaster to all
below.
From Pueblo in the south to Chey
enne, distant 175 miles to the the
Illumination was seen and understood.
The dual celebration struck a respon
sive chord in every heart and thrilled
every soul with patriotic fervor. As
the nation's colors blazed on high those
of the nation's children who read the
message In the sky voiced Columbia's
praises with speech and song, or with
the mighty cheers which mean so much
in times like these.
Even Nature herself smiled upon the
audacious novelty of the grandest
spectacular entertainment that the
world has ever seen and prepared for
it a background of reflecting clouds,
which made it absolutely perfect.
Surely no Independence day that we
have ever known has been so glo
riously marked as this, the last of our
century. Surely no hero was ever more
supremely honored than has been
brave Admiral Schley, the destroyer of
Cervera's threatening fleet, by the
grateful people of the fair State of
Colorado*.(MM I pages a^
v '^j- 25 xo 82 '^^P^
Two Curious Phases of Man`s Freakish Nature
Alameda`s Club and Their
Crusade Against Matri
mony.
THE course of matrimony, like
that of true love, does not run
smooth in Alameda. Every ob
stacle has been cast in its path
way, and if Cupid is not dis
couraged with thy outlook it is
not the fault of those who have found
marriage a. failure. A Bachelors' Club
was formed in Alameda some time ago.
It defied the god of love with much suc
cess for a time, but in the end the sly
Imp was victor and the bachelors dis
banded.
The Alameda Divorced Men's Club
sprang into existence last winter. The
city had experienced an epidemic of
divorce. Society was shocked by each
successive announcement of some
couple — who to the outer world had
basked in the sunshine of each other's
love — seeking surcease from domestic
discord.
Finally the long list of divorces cul
minated !n the announcement that
Captain A. W. yon Schmidt had been
sued by his wife for a legal separation.
Many of the captain's male friends had
been* through the divorce mill. He had
sympathized with them, and during
their matrimonial troubles had taken
much pride in referring to his own
home life as ideal, and to his murried
life a3 one of those matches which are
supposed to be made only in heaven.
Th>e Divorce Club MaKing Merry, Witb Their Ex-Wives' Pictures Turned to the Wall.
When he was forced to defend him
self from his wife's charges of inde
scribable cruelty set forth in detail m
a complaint for divorce, the whole
spirit of the man changed. He was
no longer a defender of the home. Un
declared himself v foe to matrimony
and an enemy of womankind. He
boasted that he would devote his days
on earth to the injury of both. The
weapons with which he proposed to Jo
tliis were th<- divorced men with whom
he had sympathized.
Calling them together, he suggested
the formation o£ the Divorced Men's
Club. He. set forth his ideas fully. To
prevent marriage wherever possible
v.ii.- the paramount object. Every
member of the club could set himself
up as an example of the horrors and
daggers <-f matrimony. Mankind was
to be cautioned against the wile? of
women and the state of "single blessed
ness" was to be painted in the rosiest
huts. Prompted by a feeling of sym
pathy for Yon Schmidt and a feeling of
resentment against womankind on ac
count of their own unhappy expe
riences, these friends of the captain
expressed themselves in hearty accord
with his ideas.
It was thus that the Divorced Men's
Club sprung into life. Yon Scntntdt
was honored by being named its first
president and- Ward Battles was elected
secretary.
AHhmisli the? club's founder closed
' ' - ' --♦-*. i- '■'*.-, ba °oo6cCOooc««30 0 '.W/ 1 ...-.:'"■'.■ 'n- ■ ■■-.-.-•' '. v -
his earthly career in a most atrocious
manner while the organization was still
in its (nfjuncy, virtually christening the
association in a deed of blood, the
members still hold fast to his ideas
and are carrying out his plans to the
best of their ability.
A strange feature in'th" gruesome
story of Yon Schmidt in connection with
his ideas as expressed in the objects of
the Divorced Men's Club is the fact
that although he was the loudest Ie
denouncing matrimony he found life
unbearable without the companionship
of his wife and took' her life in the most
cruel and brutal manner because she
would not lister, to hi\ prayers for.for
giveness and return t* him. Despite
his statements that a .woman's love
was not worth having he could not
quench the. spark that smoldered
within him, and when his wife lay dead
at his feet he plunged into his own
heart the blade that was still dripping
with her life's blood.
The progress of the club was not in
terrupted by the death of its founder.
Stanley Stephenson. an ex-Cfty Trus
tee, was elfvat'-d to the position of
president. The members were pledged
to the most profound secrecy, and it
was only by the merest accident that
the existence of the organization be
came known months after it had
sprang into life. While the membership
is stated to be in the neighborhood of
twenty, the names of but comparative
ly few of them have become public
property. Regular meetings are held
in a dingy 1 j tie room on Park street,
into which no gleam of sunshine can
find a way. The furniture is a round
table ami a few chairs. It is here that
the' members congregate to discuss the
welfare of mankind, according to their
lights.
Standing committees are 'supposed to
keep close watch on any outsider who
is Buspeeted of being matrimonially in
clined and make reports to the club.
These reports are considered with the
greatest care. Ways and means of sav
ing a possible victim from Cupid's
clutches are talked over with all sin
cerity and with the greatest solemnity.
After exhaustive consideration the
chairman appoints some member to in
terview the suspect, dissuade him from
his mad purpose and point out to him
the horrors of matrimony and the dan
gers of the divorce court.
The club officers claim that much
good missionary work has been done in
this line and that the war against mar
riage will be continued until Cupid will
find no field for labor in Alameda.
The emblem of the Divorced Men's
Club is a miniature coal oil can. It has
no particular significance in connection
with the objects of the organization.
When the mater of selecting & badge
or other indication of membership was
brought up it was decided that every
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
member should recite in detail the cir
cumstances surrounding his divorce,
and a badge suggestive of the most or
iginal and unique family fallout would
be designed.
The story related by Secretary Ward
Battles carried off the palm. As recited
to the writer by Mr. Battles, his expe
rience is a story in itself.
"My wife and I had indulged in one
of those "love spats' so common in most
families and had not spoken for a week.
I was fool enough not to appreciate the
v r alue of- a woman's silence then and
so originated a plan to break the spell.
Fixing a hook in the floor under my
wife's bedroom, I ran a long cord over
It, one end of which was passed through
a hole in the floor of my apartment. On
the other end of the string I tied a
couple of coal. oil •cans. That nigh* af
ter Mrs. Battles retired I set in motion
the machinery calculated to bring
about a. family reunion. Pulling the
string gently, I raised the tin cans from
the cellar floor and let them drop. There
was a terriflq rattle and bang. Pretty
soon I heard my wife moving about in
her room. She raised th? window and
I distinguished a faint 'Who's there?'
"There was no answer, of course.
When I thought it was about time for
her to be dozing again I gave the cans
another rattle. She screamed this time,
and, running into my room, shouted
that burglars were in the house and
bested me to protect her. I pretended
to be asleep, of course, but she shook
me until I had to wake «p. Then she
asked forgiveness for the way in which
she had treated me, told me she would
never get out of humor again ani we'
kissed and made up.
"Everything would have gone along
all right in my family if I had had
sense enough to remove the evidence of
the joke next morning. Mrs. Battles
found the tin cans and the string when
she went into" the cellar and got mad
der than ever. A few days later she
sued me* for divorce, alleging cruelty,
and my tin cans were the principal
items in the complaint."
None of the members could equal
Battles' story, and so the miniature tin
can was adopted as the emblem of the
Divorced Men's Club.
To be a divorced man is not the only
qualification for membership. An ap
plicant must bind himself by a solemn
oath to remain single for the rest of his
days before his name will be consider
ed. Men art wanted who have not only
been freed from Irksome nuptial ties.
but whose matrimonial experiences
have made fv.ture love for womankind
an impossibility.
When a new member is elected a
complete record Is made of the history
.of his married life and the domestic
dfs'cord that led to his divorce. This
record shows that some of the members
have had experiences as lively aa they
are varied.
President Stanley Stephenson enjoyed
married life for many years, and the
white-winged dove of peace hovered
over his household until he got into pol
itics. At first his wife objected to his
staying out nights, then she positively
ordered that he remain at home. Be
ing a man more easily led than driven,
he lost no opportunity to attend a pub
lic meeting or other nocturnal function
where his wife could not go. Failing
to curb his desire to associate with his
fellow-politicians, she forbid him using
tobacco. This, he thought, was perse
cution, and he would have no more of
it. He took the matrimonial bit between
his teeth and no power could hold him.
His wife sued him for a divorce and
he did not raise the slightest objection.
Joseph Maristaney, an Alameda -capi
talist, had an expensive experience
while he allowed his heart to-be a tar
pet for the darts of Cupid's bow. He
has fipured in the divorce courts more
times than any member of the Divorced
Men's Club. He has been married sev
eral times and divorced as tfiany, and it
took him a long timeyto" find out that
a larpre slice of his property went with
each successive wife. It was only after
the Divorced Men's Club was created
that a missionary from the organiza
tion pointed out the hopelessness «f his
search for an ideal wife.- Now Mr. Mar
istaney is one of the club's most enthu
siastic members.
Baron Alfred Baroteau, the club
steward, who prepares the refresh
ments for the organization's social ses
sions, married a .rich widow some years
his senior. She undertook to rule him
with a rod of iron from the very start.
The iron burned into his soul, but he
stood it like a martyr. It was always
underetrsod by their acquaintances that
the widow had done most of the love
making before the marriage, but could
not win the Baron until she volunteered
to pay the honeymoon expenses, and
then he surrendered his 4*sart at once.
In after years she reminded him of this.
It was too much for a spirit so proud.
His blood boiled, and one day when his
wife went calling he locked her out of
his house. She sued for divorce and
the Baron did everything possible to
help her secure it.
Speaking of the club and its objects,
Secretary Ward Battles says:
"When we started out we had little
in view but sociability, but we found
such a great field in which to labor that
we decided to advance the welfare of
mankind by dissuading our friends
from getting married.
"We have among our members some
of the best-known men of the city, such
as Stanley Stephenson. James Kellen
berger, Joseph Maristaney, A. Baro
teau, John Fay. B. Steinmetz, Bertram
Hill and a great many others whose
names I cannot recall.
"We never intended that our organ
ization should become known to the
public, believing we could accomplish
more by working secretly. The public
generally look upon such organizations
as ours in the nature of a joke, but we
are serious and sincere in what we hav\
undertaken. We have done a great deal
of good in preventing men from allow
ing love to get the better of them.
Several of our. friends who thought of
getting married have been saved by our
missionaries,, and we do not intend to
allow the -woYk tr> lag."
JR. H. MAGILL JR.
California City Bachelor Colony
invulnerable to Cupid's
Archery
0 SPINSTERS, pray listen to me.
For you who have grown old
and ugly in the cause of single
blessedness; ' for you who have
spent life's fleeting hours in
meditation fancy free, I have a sur
prise.
I have a surprise.
I have discovered an Eden of Adams
only.
This Eden is a deep-sea harbor on the
Pacific Coast. For one score years and
ten no woman has lived within its sa
cred precincts. Fer thirty years no
child has played upon its beach or lisp
ed an evening prayer.
It is a settlement of the bachelors. It
is a hom<; provided for the bachelors,
and it is a city governed by the bachel
ors.
It is located geographically in the
glorious State of California. Its shores
are washed by the waters of San Fran
cisco Bay.
It is registered on the map as Califor
nia City.
Do you -wish to go there?
If you are strong of limb and long of
breath, try scaling the hills back of
Tiburon until you come to the little
white city in the cove— then drop down
upon the say Lotharios unawares.
Or if you prefer the Raccoon Straits
in an open boat, and the fates be with
you and the tide, then you may make a
landing the same as the artist I.
There is a universal spirit of defiant
warfare against woman at this set
tlement that bodes Cupid no good. But,
then, much depends.
Diplomatic caution is the only loop
hole of accession to this bachelor king
dom if the visitor be a woman.
The bachelor on guard at the wharf
may be peevish; he may be cynical and
refuse you permission to land just be
cause you arc a woman, and then he
may be the other kind. As I said be
fore, much depends.
There are several varieties of the
species even among the one hundred
who call this place home.
There is the. genial, warm-hearted
fellow who looks you straight in the
eye and at once extends his hand and
says welcome. There is the economical
bachelor who makes you feel that he is
obliged for time and eternity to evade
a woman's smile. There is the Stingy,
greedy and unkempt creature who es
chews manners and even abhors the
use of the obnoxious wood just because
it Is a luxury.
This is the kind who is ever saving
for a rainy day. and it is said that he
spends his holidays counting his gold
and building plans for the future. This
is the kind who can no more be wheed
led, coaxed or coerced into letting you
land than he could be persuaded to
marry, and if I say this specie of bach
elordom be on guard, put to sea; he will
not let you land.
There is the jolly good fellow who
bursts into uncontrollable fits of laugh
ter at the least provocation, he likes
the sound of his own voice and you ir
resistibly join him in the loquacious
gurgle, not because of his wit pure and
sparkling, but because of his Irrepres
sible good nature that beams and bows
at you until you respond. Bachelors
from the bold and defiant to the timid
and shrinking find shelter here.
There are those who skulk along the
wharf and dodge in the first open door
when a woman approaches, and you
may be sure that his eye is glued to
some aperture in the wall where he can
observe you without your knowledge.
If his kind be on guard, then you
may land without protest. He will. see
to it that you do not get near enough
to disturb him.
The coast is yours if you want it
from California City to El Campo.
Bachelors by preference and bachelors
by necessity drift here from all quar
ters of the civilized world, bide for a
time and are gone; but none has ever
been known to enter the field of matri
mony and escape the verdict whose se
vere penalty is ostracism from the
community. Single blessedness is here
a manifesto of inexorable law.
The iron-clad rules that govern a
colony and those that control a bach
elors' club differ widely in their effects.
Mrs. Charlotte Smith of the Woman
Reserve League and her coterie may
work general destruction to rich bach
elors to compel matrimony. By her
time and eloquence she may influence
Congress to impose annual bachelor
fines equivalent to the support of a
family. But the law' that keeps Cupid
at bay in California City is the law
that the civilized bachelor cannot dis
regard and still be a member of the
Eyeless realm.
The man who marries from this com
munity will find his "occupation gono."
"Aye, there's the rub." For in this
port of peace there is but one ulti
matum. The man who commits the
violent crime of matrimony must suf
fer the relentless penalty — banishment.
And what sort of man is proof against
the common wants of bread and but
ter?
Thirty years ago the Pioneer Fish
Warehouse of . the Pacific Coast was
established at this point. Then the
name of California City was applied to
a site further up the bay— a site whose
foundations crumbled before they were
finished, and so the mythical name de
scended to this fish curing station, and
G. W. Crowell is dubbed the mythical
mayor of the mythical city. In thirty
years every country in the civilized
world has been represented there.
__1^ '• -
"And why do you employ only un
married men?" I asked Mr. Hough,
who is one of tho bachelor owners of
the fish warehouse.
He winked slyly and said: "Because
they want to be hired."
"But don't the benedicts ever apply?"
"Hardly ever, but — "
"But?"
Mr. Hough thought a moment, looked
wise and replied: "You know, a man
who is unmarrnd has no responsibili
ties .and he is contented to stay with
his work, and — "
'And?"
"Well, most of them are seafaring
men and haven't v domestic inclina
tions."
"Is that your only reason?"
.Now, hear, U bachelor maids: this la
what he said:
"If we had women over there all har
mony would be destroyed; the men
would become dissatisfied and — well— .
it wouldn't do; we have had men who
have been married, but — they were
widowers \\hen they came to us."
"And are contented?"
"Just go over ami see."
• • •
Our little boat rocked into Bachelors'
Harbor on Wednesday at high tide.
The little white city of mateless men
is not very imposing; the buildings are
small and whitewashed, and into these
scampered several men. They watched
us until we turned to port, then, timid
and tactful, scattered everywhere. But
there was one who stood his ground,
and that one was Alonzo Bates. He
stood on the wharf regarding us with
a cynical smile. His white, neglected
beard, which runs riot over his
weather-beaten face, told more plainly
than registered oaths that a bachelor
he had lived and a bachelor he would
die. He raised a shaking finger and
piped out in his unmistakable Vermont
tone:
"Ye be n't allowed to land here."
This was an unexpected greeting,
which the artist ignored by remarking,
"They're having a big time in the city
to-daY— celebrating the Fourth and
Dewey."
Oh, lucky speech that opened the
avenues of his pride of nativity!
"I'm right proud of L»ewey," he
drawled out; "he is a Vermonter, too."
The rest was easy. I was famishing
of thirst. Could 1 have a drink of
water ?
"I reckon you'd rather have milk,
wouldn't ye?"
I nodded.
"Then tie your boat and come along."
Mr. Bates is long, spare of build and
slow of speech. He kept his eyes upon
the ground until I asked
"Why did you never marry?"
Then he was visibly agitated and
muttered disdainfully
"Wimin's tarnal fools."
"But did you never find one who
wasn't?"
"Men are tarnal fools, too."
"Oh, are they? When?"
"When they talk to wimin."
And this is what one bachelor thinki
—a bachelor who has sa.ved $30,000 by
rigid economy, and matrimony has not
troubled him for many a year: He
saves his money and patches his
clothes while they are yet new to keep
them from wearing out.
But there are others.
J. C. Caswell is not one of the miserly
kind. He is a spendthrift bachelor. He
is one of the Caswells of Rhode Island
boatbuilding fame and for the past
twenty-five years has built the dories
and repaired the boats at California
City.
"Why don't I marry? 'Cause no one
would have me, I guess. There are no
Mr?. Caudles over here, and I guess we
would make 'em mighty sorry if they
came nosin 01 around now."
And Pietro Piaggi, the bachelor cook,
said: "When I get a fortune I am going
back to the Alps— to my home in Switz
erland—and if the girl I left waits for
me, then perhaps— but who knows?" i
As for the mythical mayor: "No, I'll
never marry. You see, all of the ladies
are so attractive that I can't make a
choice. I wouldn't even object to pay
a bachelor's fine if the proceeds would
go toward founding an old maids'
home. We are all right without the
ministering angels and sewing circle
small talk. We have three good meals
per day and peace."
Oh. happy community!
ANNABEL LEE.26
SOCIETY and all her kinfolk have
been camping on the golf links
at Burllngame or San Rafael.
' The clubhouses have been
crowded with members and their
friends, the overflow perching on
wlndo-WBills or °Tep=. The broad veran
das of the clubhouses are charming for
luncheons, and every day there are In
numerable little parties who take advan
tage of thi- possibilities.
Every one was Interested in the golf
contest on Monday at Rurlingame, in
which all the best players of the different
clubs took part. Miss Alice Moffltt won
the beautiful rup presented to the Bur
llngame Club by Prince Tonlatowskl.
However, the beautiful trophy of skill
will not pass Into her possession until she
oatscores all competitors a second time.
The second prize, a special trophy for
members only, presented by J. B. Crork
«>tt. was won by Miss Edith Mcßean. It
was a handsome silver cup designed es
pecially by a local silversmith. Mias Row.-
Won the third prize, a silver-bound leather
score book. On Tuesday, In addition to
goli, there was n pigeon shoot and P"ny
races in the afternoon.
At the links of the San Rafael Golf Club
in addition to members' golf contest there
was a caddies' tournament.
Among those present on the links and
at the clubhouse were: Mr. and Mrs.
Henry L. Dodge. Mr. and Mrs. Frank S.
Johnson. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crooks. Judge
and Mrs. W. W. Morrow. Dr. and Mrs.
Denis Arnold. Mr. and Mrs. H. Francis,
Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Oxnard, Mr. and Mrs.
M. H. de YoungT, Mr. and Mrs. Fred H.
Green, Mr. and Mrs. R. Oilman Brown.
Mr. and Mrs. Ignatz Steinhart, Mrs. Den
nis Donohoe, Mrs. Gerstie. Mrs. K. H. w.;r
fleld, Mrs. James A. Ftrtger, Mrs. James
Daniels. Mrs. R. A. Parker, Mrs. Fech
.teler. Miss Jennie Blair, Miss Therese
Morgan. .Miss Cora Sme-dberg, Miss Elea
nor Morrow. Miss Eleanor McCalla, Miss
Kate Dillon, Miss Patricia Cosgrave, Miss
Ethel Patton. Miss Charlotte Ellinwood.
the Misses Crosby, the Misses de Young,
C. P. Pomeroy, Worthington Ames, C. P.
Eells, E. M. Greenway, Frederick 1..
Greenwood, Lawrence Van Winkle, J.
Ath»-;t_rn Folger, S. EL Boarrlman, Donald
de V. Graham, C. H. Haswell Jr. and
Charles de Young.
In August Kiiif and tennis tournaments
■will he held at Del Monte. Pigeon shoot
ing. l«ok> and other matches will be ar
ranged for society, which will migrate as
a whole to Del Monte for chat month.
The Fourth was celebrated at Del Monte
by people from all over the State. Mrs.
Thomas Breeze, Miss Breeze, Mrs. Harry
Benson, Mr. L. L. Baker and family are
among the latest acquisitions at Del
Monte.
At '"nptle Crag all goes merry as a mar
riage bell. Mrs. George Crocker and her
guests, Mrs. Edgar Carroll, Northru;i
Cowles, 'ienrge Hall and Horace Platt,
are prime movers in all the festivities.
At the Tavern are Mrs. Robert Sherwood,
Miss Uolbrook, Mrs. Miller, Miss Milier,
George Davidson, Will Sherwood and
Paul Miller. Mr. Rutherford, who nas
just returned from Japan, will join his
mother, Mrs. George Crocker, at Castl^
Crag.
The wedding of Miss Mabel Eunice Eli ■ - ;
and Mr. Alphonse Mauffray Duperu took
place at the residence of the bride's pa
rents. 2413 Fillmore street, on. Saturday,
July 1. Miss Julia Reed was maid of
honor and Mr. Redick McKee Duperu
acted an best man. The bride is the
daughter of Captain W. I. Reed, U. S. A.
(retired), and Mr. Duperu is the youngest
son of Mr. Numa Duperu, formerly a.
member of the San Francisco Stock
Board.
On Wednesday, June 19, Grace Church
•will be the scene of a very pretty wed
ding 1 . Miss Alice Ames, daughter of Mr.
anil Mrs. Pelham Ames, will be married
to Thomas. H. Robbins. Miss Ames dur
ing her belledom has been very popular
and a number of society girls now out
of town ■will return to officiate as her
bridesmaids.
Mrß. J. W. Cunning-ham, formerly Miss
Liming; will be married to James A. Fol
ger some time in September. The exact
day has not yet been set.
San Rafael has been unusually gay.
Miss Dillon gavp a dinner party to
twenty-six ot her friends at Pastori's.
Among the guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
Maurice Casey. Mr. and. Mrs. Fred H.
Green, Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Johnson,
Mis? Patricia f'osgrave, Miss Charlotte
Ellinwood, Miss Dorothy Patton, Miss
Marie MC'aiJa, Mips Jennie Blair, Mrs.
Henry, Tarn McGrew, Lawrence Van
Winkle, Samuel H. Board man, ' E. M.
Greenway, J. OH. Cosgrave, R. W. Carle,
jCrags Smith and Lieutenant T. G. Rob
erts.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred H. Green have been
entertaining right royally. On Friday last
and on Saturday they gave charming din
ners. Among the guests wf-re: Mr. and
Mrs. Marcus Qerstle. Mr. and Mrs Will
Gerstle, Miss Dillon, Tarn McGrew. r>aw
rence Van Winkle. Carter P. Poxneroy,
E. M. Greenway, Mrs. Hopkins and Mark
Gerstle.
Among the many pretty dinners given
at the Hotel Rafael on the Fourth of July
was that of Crags Smith of Georgia who
Is spf-nding the summer in California. His
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Casey
Miss Jennie Blair, Mis? Dorothy Patton
and Miss Patricia Cosgrave.
General W, H. L. Barnes is sojourning
: at the Hotel El Paso do Robles.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Johnson enter
PALMISTRY.
BESSIE BLANCHARD— You will marry
puddenly and go far fmm your present
home to locate permanently. You have
been much worried of late.
DANIEL O'MEARA— Perseverance, en
ergy and Industry are shown In your
palm. You work hard, hut thus far suc
cess has not crowned your efforts.
ROSCOE H.— Your palm shows philo
sophical temperament, though you dislike
to assume responsibilities. You will never
marry.
IDA M., Palo Alto— You are well en
dowed with histrionic talent, and would
win fame as an actress. You will marry
twice. You will travel much.
ELLA 8., Chlco— There are indications
of good cheer and hospitable intentions
In your palm. You will marry an Invalid
and travel extensively with him.
MRS. LAURA P., Petaluma — Your I
nature is far too pessimistic. Be careful I
not to allow yourself to brood over your |
domestic troubles. Your husband will re
turn to you.
CLARA AMES, San Joee— Your hand
plainly manifests love of stratagem. You
would make a good detective. You had
a very narrow escape from drowning
When you were in your twentieth year.
WALTER 8., City— You are indus-
tamed a number of friends at dinner at
thr-ir home in San Rafael on Saturday
evening last.
Mr.- and Mrs. Winthrop E. Lester were
in London at last advices, and Intended
■ crossing in a few days to Paris.
Valentine Hush returned from the East
i last week. Mrs. Hush and Mrs. Thomas
Magee Jr. will remain in the East for
| some weeks longer.
Miss, Charlotte Ellinwood has returned
from San Rafael and is now at Lak- Ta
hoe. She will go to Del Monte later in the
I season.
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Casey, Miss Kate,
I Dillon and Miss Cosgrave left San Rafael
od Wednesday last for Lake Tahoe. where
they expect to remain a fortnight and
'■ then, aftf-r a short slay in San Francisco.
I they go to Del Monte for the remainder
of the summer season.
Mrs. C. F. Mullins and Miss Maud Mul
lins are passing the summer at Coronado
Beach.
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Whittier and Miss
Carroll have gone on a fishing trip up the
McCloud River.
Miss Cadwalader is visiting Mr. and
Mrs. Mayo Newhall at their home in Ross
Valley.
Tarn MeGrew has returned from a visit
to Lawrence Van Winkle, and expects to
leave in a few days for Honolulu on a
visit to his family.
Miss Mollie Thomas has returned from
a visit to Miss Van Ness.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter E. Dean, Miss
Helen Dean and Walter L. Dean are at
the Hotel Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Runyon are at the
Hotel Rnfael for the summer.
Mrs. Samuel ■ Blair and Miss Jennie
Blair, who are spending the month with
Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Dodge at their
cottage in San Rafael, will leave shortly
for the springs in Lake County, where
they expect to remain until October.
Dr. and Mrs. Grant Selfridge and Mrs.
Latham have gone to the Hotel 'Rafael
for the summer.
Mr. Donald de V. Graham and Mr. Fred
A. Greenwood were the guests of Mr. !
and Mrs. M. H. de Young in San Rafael i
over the Fourth.
Miss Alice Owen is visiting friends at
the Hotel Rafael.
Mr. arid Mrs. A. G. Dibblee were the j
guests of Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Colfraan at
their home in Burlingame over the >
Fourth.
Miss Edith Mcßean is visiting at Bur
lingame.
Miss ( arrie Taylor is spending the sum- i
mer with hfr sister. Mrs. George F. Pope, j
at her home in Burlingame.
Mrs. Adam Grant left last week for thp !
Hotel dei Monte, where she will spend the
summer.
Miss Emilie Hager. Miss Ethel Hager
and Miss Ella Morgan left on July 1 Tori
Del Mcnte, where thexy will pass this and j
next month.
The Misses Fanny and Josephine Lough
borough have gone to Del Monte to spend
the summer months.
Herman Oelrichs and Fred R. Webster j
have gone to Del Monte for the summer.
Miss Cora Jane Flood has returned from
her visit to New York, and is now at the
Hotel del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. Clinton E. Worden and
Nelson Shaw are among the recent ar
rivals at Del Mor.te.
John W. Twiggr. spent the Fourth at Del
Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey R. Winslow left
last week for Del Monte. wJiere they will |
spend the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels and
Miss Jolllffe have gone to Del Monte for
the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. William Haas are at Del
Monte for the summer.
W. H. Mi'.ls spent last Sunday and the
early part of the week at Castle Crag
and returned to the city accompanied by j
his family, who h-ave been passing several j
weeks at' the Tavern.
Mrs. M. W r . Walsh ot 2.W Hyde street
left on the 3d inst. for Los Angeles. She ;
goes on a two months' visit to her daugh- J
tei Mrs F. Era Goldman (nee Dwyer).
Miss Augusts G. Kelly left for Southern |
California last Monday.
A surprise party was given to Miss
Katie Murry at her residence, 127 Twenty- j
eighth street, Saturday night, June 17, by ,
her friend, Miss A. Nelson. Among those j
present were: Alice Nelson, Lulu Lods. I
Freda Foge. Maggie McCormick, Ethel
McGrath, Leontine Pinchon, Mary Bowen,
Mary Nelson. Katie Murry, Mrs. Murry.
Mrs." Lods, Mrs. Bowen, John Matulich.
Eddie Guinnane, Weston Connors, Willie i
Edwards. John Bohen, Henry Coleston,
Willie Fraser. Thomas McCormick, Georgo
Lods John Bohen and John Murry.
Mr.' and Mrs. Oliver A. Harker are
spending the summer at "Wiljenella,"
Larkspur.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Mlddleton, ac
companied by Mrs. M. I. Ham and Miss
Lou Classen, are sojourning at Castle
Crag. Upon their return they will go to
their summer home. Madrone Villa, in
the Santa Cruz Mountains, where they
will spend the rest of the season.
Miss Linda Johnson entertained a num
ber of her friends on Thursday evening
last at her home, 321 Buena Vista avenue.
Miss Marie Garretty left on Wednesday
last for a tour in the Southern part of the
State. Miss Mary Dolan accompanied her.
Henry KaJlmann of 1903 Fillmore street
has left for Los Angeles and Santa Cata
lina Island to spend the season.
The engagement is announced of Miss j
Lulie Carr.Holcomb. daughter of the late j
W. A. Holcomb, and Lieutenant John. I
£3- HEAD THE STORY I3ST "STOTJJE?, BEA-IsTID^ •==— 1
4
trious and energetic, but inclined to have
too many irons for the future. You
have a decided weakness for wine and
women.
CHARLIE BANCROFT— You are your
own worst enemy. Do not allow your life
to be spoiled by your erratic nature.
Avoid disputes, as your lines show pos
sible death by violence.
HAZEL KIRK, City— You are romantic
and dreamy, and love to appear well,
socially. You are very fond of attentions
from the opposite sex, while through be
ing "-tremely selfish and dictatorial you
do not make friends easily.
FRED JONES, City— You are a man
of good disposition, though you do not
care especially for home and friends.
You will probably not marry. You will
take a journey when 38 years old, which
will result advantageously.
MRS. J. D. L., Mission street— A nature
of high ideals and thwarted ambitions.
One individual has caused you sorrow and
disappointment. In your life there will be
two changes for the better, one at 30 and
one at 35. A change for the better in the
near future will occur.
LAURA MOORE— Your . life has not
been a success in many respects, owing
somewhat to your temperament. As you
THE PAN FB AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
SOCIETY
! O'Shea of the Fourth United States Cay-
I airy. Lieutenant O'Shea recently returned
from Manila.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Cobby and Mr. and
i Mrs. W. W. Thompson and son are at
Happy Tenters' camp, Ross Valley.
The engagement is announced of I.
! Menser to Miss Lizzie Schwartz.
The engagement is announced of Myer
Schwartz to Miss Lizzie Menzer.
The Misses Aveline Hoehn. Elizabeth
lioehn. Mary Hoehn and Harry Nlemann,
Albert Adams and Charles Hoehn left on
the 3d inst. for Duncans Mills, where they
intend camping for a month.
Mrs <:. w. Lootnis left, on July S for
Adams Springs, Lake County.
Miss Annie Loretta Hayward of SS2S
Army street Is at present sojourning with
relatives in the country.
Miss Minnie Stappenbeck is a guest at
the Hotel Lyndon. Los Gatos.
Mrs. William Waukowski and two sons,
i Willie and Otto, arc spending the summer
j at Saratoga Springs, Lake County.
Mrs. M. Angelique Dutreux of 1307^
i Pine street announces: the engagement of
! her daughter. Miss M. A. Dutreux. to W.
; S. "Wells, formerly of Tennessee and now
with the Palatine Fire Insurance Com
pany of this city.
The engagement of Mrs. Alice Hastings,
wMow of the late Frank P. Hastings, who
was secretary of the Hawaiian Legation
in W is.hirgton in 1597, and Dr. Carmichael
of the United States. Marine Hospital ser
vice, has been announced in social circles
in Honolulu.
One of tha liveliest celebrations for
many years was held at Napa Soda
Springs on the Fourth. The programme
for the day included an address by Mr.
W. \V. Foo'te. Miss Lucy May Jackson's
| singing scored rounds of applause. The
i running race for ladies was won by Miss
I E. Pippy, running race for gentlemen by
| Mr. John Rothschild, ladies' walking
■ race by Miss Marie Poncelot. sack race
; by Mr. Raymond Jackson, three-legged
race by Raymond Jackson and John <
Dunn, "cigarette race by Mr. E. P. Dans- j
forth, ladies' rose race by Miss L. M. !
! Jackson children's running race by Miss
i Ellea'iore Jackson. The committee which
was responsible for the day's enjoyment
consisted of the following well-known i
: ladies and gentlemen: Judges, Colonel J. I
P. Jackson, (>. Plppy, W. W. Footc; com
mittee en sports. Mrs. A. H. Small, Mrs.
> J P Jackson Jr.. Miss L. M. Jackson, j
1 Mr \V H. Leahy. Dr. M. Rothschild and j
i Mr Andrew Jackson; committee of ar- i
! rangements. Mrs.. Dansforth. Miss V.
Jackson, Miss Foote. J. P. Jackson Jr.,
! A Small and John Rothschild.
Miss Ida Somers, daughter of the well
known capitalist, has gone to Vermont on
■ a visit to relative.-.
Mrs. D B. Carmiohael and two children
have gene to Humboldt County, Nevada,
! to spend the sumnv'-r.
Miss Freda Gallick has returned to her
home. 414 Buchanan street, and will be
happy to receive her friends.
Mrs Benjamin Mayer of Marysvil'.e is
stopping with her sister. Mrs. M. H. Levy,
at her residence, 621 O'Farrell street.
Mr and Mrs. Byron Mauzy and family
have returned from a drive through the
j country, visiting Napa Soda Springs,
Johanriesberg, Angwins, the Geysers,
Skaggs Springs and Hotel Rafael.
Mrs Captain S. H. Burtis left last week
i for Eureka. Cal., to visit her mother, Mrs.
i J. A. Hosta.
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert F. Mann have re
turned to their home in Alameda after a
! month's stay at Adams Springs, Lake
I County.
The passenger list of the stemship Aus
tralia, which sailed for Honolulu from
San Francisco Monday, July 3, was as
I follows: Jacob Adloff and wife. Dr. D.
W. Anderson, F. H. Armstrong, Frank
Baker and wife, H. P. Baldwin. Miss A.
i Barthrop, Joseph Behm and wife, Mrs.
' Olga Block. Dr. F. A. Bowman, Mrs. J. i
1 a Calhoun, Captain B. F. Chapman, J. <
; L Cockburn, J. M. Conlin. Charles M. ;
Curtis, Miss Ethel W. Dean, Miss J. d^ ;
i I artigue Guy R. Dennett. Miss Charlotte
' Evans H. P. Franklin. W. B. Godfrey,
I Leon Guislain, John Hackett. Mrs. C. Ha
' gens E. E. Henderson. Angel Inglevias
' and wife, A. W. Judd. H. P. Judd, Miss
Daisy Kerr. Samuel F. Keith, G. E. Kline,
Mis." B. H. Langley and maid. Mrs. F.
i Lawrence and daughter, Fred Lee, K.
I Lord R. C. Lydecker, Mrs. Gertie Mc
i Call and child, F. Melchers. Miss G. Mt
rill Miss F. B. Mysell. Miss L. C. Mysell,
W.'e. T. Neumann, Miss TSi G. O'Conneli,
E D. Page, W. F. Pogue, Miss Poston,
1 John R. Price. \Y. T. Rawiins, D. A. Ray,
T. B. Richards, D. J. Rogers. E. A. R.
Ross W. Roth. T. J. Rhine, wife and two
children, W. C. Schneider, Chris Schmidt.
Mrs. W. G. Shaw, M. C. Sherman, Miss
Gertrude F. Smith, W. A. Smith. O. A.
Stevens. F. C. Taylor, J. C. Taylor, Mrs.
Wray Taylor and child. Captain T. Ci.
Taylor, Miss B. Thatcher, L. F. Vanuxem,
Mrs. E. K. Vanuxem. Miss Florence Van
uxem, Mrs. D. Washeim, George R.Webb,
Hugo Welckens. Miss E. G. West, A. Wil
hoit Mr?. R. Willing. Miss M. C. Godfrey,
Miss. L. C. O'Connell. Miss Mary Van
uxem. Miss Washeim.
J. D. Batteaux and sisters were guests
of Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Roemer during
the week of the Fourth at their summer
cottage in Mill Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. G. D. Greenwood, Miss
Farrier and Miss Ethel Kellogg are at
Castle Crag.
A surprise party was given to Miss Lil-
I lian V. Turner at her residence, 40G Bran
i nan street, Monday evening, July 3. Those
i present were Miss Pearl Stanton, Roy
lack perseverance you are Inclined to
insist upon having your own way.
MRS. JAMES F.— You are fond of spec
ulating, and had it been possible you
would" have tried to improve your finan
cial condition in this way. You are dip
lomatic in your management of people.
LITTLE DOT— Your impression was too
poor to read. You cannot make a suc
cessful Imprint with ink. Use smoked pa-
per.
MR. J. A. C— Your hand shows plenty
of courage, perseverance, independence
and caution. You are not inclined to
borrow trouble. One marriage will sat
isfy you.
HARRY "3"— This young man will take
care of himself In this world, as he in
sists upon his rights always. He will
make money rapidly, but will lose It as
rapidly. He will marry at 23.
MR. J. D. L. — A nature that is doggedly
persistent In whatever is undertaken; be
comes easily angered and does not read
ily forgive. A change for the better lr
the near future.
APPLE BLOSSOM, "16," Oakland—
You are a woman of untiring energy
and will accomplish whatever you at
tempt. You will make a radical change
PRINCESS POMIATOW3KI.
I Farrell Miss May Love, Frank Webster.
! Miss Kitty Furlong, Milton Allen, Miss
t Lillian V. Turner, Clay Clayton, Miss
May Heed, Grant Phillips, Miss Ethel
May. Joe Taylor, Miss Daisy Evans, Kob
Sinclair, Miss Qussie Lorenzo. Will Glad
win, Miss May HiKgins, Walter Reed.
Miss May Fitzpatrick, Dan Bonrjer of
Alaska, Miss Alice C. Turner, Miss M.
Tucker Miss M. Crowley, Captain John
Turner and W. R. Allen.
Mrs. Pirrie and Miss Leontine C. Pirrie
left on the sth of this month for Leipzig
to continue their musical studies.
Mr and Mrs. I. Magnin, accompanied
! by their son Emanuel, have left for Bart
i lett Springs. _
Miss Marguerite Kelly and Miss Emma
Kelly are visiting their sister, Mrs. J. J.
Cronin, at San Rafael.
The Austrian Military and Benevolent
i Association- will give a grand social next
; Saturday evening at Austrian Hall, 5u7
' Sutter street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Bertha Magner to Julius Czerwinsky of
Los Angeles.
The wedding of Joy x^chtenstein, as
: sistant librarian of the San Francisco
i Public Library, and Miss Anna \\ olfe will
j be solemnized" Wednesday. July 12, noon,
! nt the residence of the Bride's parents,
! 1826 O 1 Farrell street.
Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Herzer, with their
daughters Miss Belle Herzer and Mrs.
Edward G. Carrera, are spending a few
weeks in Sonoma County.
Mrs Gustave F. Pohimann has taken
i a house in Alameda, where she expects
I to remain with her family for six weeks.
The Marguerite Social Club gave an
; outing on the Fourth of July at Eucalyp
• tUF drove in honor of Fhelr treasurer.
Mis- Marguerite Theil. With games,
music and a bounteous lunch the day was
enjoyably spent.
Last Thursday evening a reception was
tendered Mrs. Minnie F. Bobbin by Mrs.
M J dirizendorfer at the latter's home,
' 792 Haight street. Those present were:
Mrs Minnie F. Dobbin, Mrs. Mary TiU
ma'n Mrs. Emma Clark, Miss Annie Don
i aldson Mrs. Emma Wessling, Mrs. Bertha
Quinn Mrs. Alice Miinson, Mrs. M.
Agnese Lunstedt, Mrs. Mamie Brown.
Mrs Sarah Oesterman, Mrs. Alma I.un
stedt Mrs Alice Armstrong, Mrs. Nellie
Ltttle'john. Miss Dora Eisner, Miss Nellie
Clark Miss Belle Jaulinstein, Miss Fannie
Lew " Mrs. Georgle Stout, Miss Gertie
Perry, Miss Josie Mulcrevy, Miss Kate
Brandelien Mrs. Annie Walters Miss Lu
cille Danterman, Miss Sarah Jolly, Mrs.
Minnie Gunzendorfer.
Mrs. S. T. Luck, accompanied by her
three young sons; Mrs. George W. Messec
and daughter and Miss Anita Lien are
spending the summer at the country home
of S. T. Luck at Vine Hill, Contra Costa
County. _ .
Misses Pauline and Rose Cohn are visit
ing their sister, Mrs. Mellie Cohen of
Bade"n, for two weeks.
Mrs. J. Lando and daughter, Miss Eva
La.ndo, have returned home from Port
land. Or.
Mrs. Edna Talcott and Miss Josie Wel
lsch are rusticating at Haywards.
Mr and Mrs. Harry Marks of 1455 Bu
chanan street have left for San Leandro
to spend the season.
The Star Dancing Circle, which has held
Its weekly dance Thursday evenings in
at 36. You will not have more than two
children. You will not encounter any
danger In traveling.
MRS. M. W.. 27— You have a generous,
loving nature. Your life line shows that
you Tiavp narrowly escaped death. A
lawsuit which causes uneasiness, but un
necessarily, as you have better financial
prospects ahead of you.
JIMMY F. — Your nature is Intense. You
are decidedly self-willed. You are inclined
to be superstitious, as the supernatural
appears strongly to your mind.
JOSEPHINE ROSE— You will marry.
Try to get on as amicably as could .be
fJs Tf>e Sunday Call
now \)as over 12,000
palm impressions still
unread no more will be
filed for answer.
Occidental Hall. 305 Larkln street, -will
hereafter meet every Thursday evening
In Assembly Hall, Red Men's building. 320
Post street.
Misses M. J. and Etta M. Shine are vis
iting relatives in Antioch.
A surprise party was given Mrs. John
MacAdam last Saturday evening at the
Hotel Renton in honor of her twentieth
wedding anniversary.
Mrs. A. S. Brown of Marysville. accom
panied by her daughter. Doris, is visiting
hor mother, Mrs. M. Aaron, at 665 McAl
lister street. . 
Miss Hannah Spitz, who has been visit
ing Los Angeles to attend the wedding of
her brother, has returned home.
Misses Carrie and Vera Mayers or slv^fe
Golden Gate avenue are spending a month
at Johannisberg. Napa County.
Mrs. Clement Wilder, who has been in
Sacramento during the past winter, will
spend the summer in San Francisco.
The first box social and entertainment
of the Allendale Union Sunday School
was given on Saturday. July 1.
L C Jacobs is spending a short vaca
tion at the Sea Beach Hotel, Santa Cruz.
Mips Adelaide Gilfethcr is visiting Miss
Ke< ni <if Napa.
Mrs. I. H. Jacobs, Miss Carrie Jacobs
and 11. A. Jacobs are sojourning at pres
ent at Blue Lakes.
The Misses Nydia and Mac Busman
have, been enjoying an outing on the
Oomstock rand; up in the Coast Range
mountains. Miss Jennie Wahlheim of San
Francisco recently joined them after a
brief visit to Half moon Bay. Miss Mac
expects shortly to leave the ranch for
Pacific Grove as the guest of Mrs. Wil
liam Calcufc,
Miss Lillian V. Turner and Miss Kitty
Furlong will spend a few weeks at Port
land. They will be the guests of Miss
P<virl Stanton.
Th>> .inly meeting of the Sons of Ver
mont will be held at Odd Fellows' Hall
on Friday evening, the nth inst. The
programme will Include a burlesaue of
r 'Zaza." by .Miss Etta Butler. late of
"A Parlor Match" company, assisted by
Louis Butler. There will be dancing from
10 to 12.
Society at t^e Resorts.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The following: were
the arrivals at Saratoga Springs for the week
ending July 5: From San Francisco — Mrs. Jo
seph Schweitzer, Mrs. T. B. Valentine. Mrs. E.
Newmann and family; \V. E. Crocker and wife,
Mr?. William " Wanwowskl, William Wan
wowski Jr.. Otto WanwoWFkl, F. B. Jacobs,
M A. Cohen, F. R. Harrold. Bert Sander, Sol
Lewis, Miss Minnie Lewis, Miss G. D. Lewis,
Mrs. Ran, W. Lewis, Miss K. H. Lewis', Peter
J. Dunne, William P. Walsh. Mrs. R. .L.
Strube, Marcus Hennfng, H. F. Kredo, Frank
Street, John P. Green, Colonel M. Cochran,
Charles R. Perkins, Sidney Lippitt, Miss A.
C. Walsh, H. A. Jacobs, Hugh J. McGinnis,
A. J. Kelseler, R. L. Charles, R. J. Charles,
From Los Angeles — A. Lachman. From
Uklah— Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Miller. J. .XV. Me-
Clure, J. A. Read and wife. From Oakland-
Mr. and Mrs, Harris Jenks, F. Enoch and wife,
Mrs A. Gerlich. From Fruitvale— Mrs. M.
Schmidt, Mrs. J. C. Staats.. From Yokohama-
Miss Abenhelm. From Alameda — Miss Eva
Fa hens. Miss Jamison, Miss Esther M. Gray.
HOTEL DEL MONTE— The latest arrivals
here are: Mr. and Mrs. W. V, Michels, Miss
Dore, Miss Charlotte Dore, Maurice Dore, L.
D. Mead, P. D. Kahn. R. M. Fitzgerald, Mrs.
H. Witherbee, Mrs. L. R. Mead, F. W. Har
vey, John Brocklage, Mrs. H. C. Benson. Mrs.
Thomas Breeze, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Richmond,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry H. Smith, Mr. and Mrs.
M. S. Koshland, Mrs. L. L. Baker. Philip
Baker, Herbert Baker, Herman Oelrlchs, Mrs.
H. Schmledell. Mr. and Mrs. F. XV. Zlele. Miss
Marian Ziele, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Worden, Mrs.
A. N. Towne, Nelson T. Shaw, Mrs. F. F. Low,
Miss F. C. Low, Cora J. Flood, Miss Mor
gan, Miss Ethel Hager, Miss Emily Hager,
Mrs. W. P. Fuller, Miss Laura Bates, Mr. and
Mrs. E. R. Folder, Mrs. Adam Grant, Douglas
Grant Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels, Miss
Jolifie, Miss Ethel Keeney, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Alvord. Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Keeney, Miss
Loughborough. Miss Josephine Loughborough.
Mrs. I. N. Walter, Mrs. A. Roos, Leon Rons,
Robert Roos, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Fairchild,
Mr and Mrs, William Fries, Mrs. Helen Hecht,
Mr. and Mrs. L. P. Wiel, John W. Twiggs,
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Car well, Mr. and Mrs.
L. B. Hall. Mrs. Robertson, Mrs. Henry
Jareckt. Miss Jarecki. Mrs. W. W. Mann.
HOTEL METROPOLE— Among the late ar
rivals are: Isaac Frohman and wife, William
Thompson and ,wife, E. H. Palmer, Mrs. A.
R. Conklln, Mrs. M. A. Olcese. Mrs. Mary H.
Swain, Mrs. Mildred Swain, Mrs. Charles S.
desired with your husband: else your
martial spirit will make you encounter
many a skirmish. You will have many
changes in life.
JOHN SEXTON— Your palm shows that
you are a good business manager. You
are strict and close in money matters,
but generous enough to your family. You
will take a long journey by water this
year.
MISS ACTIVITY— You' are altogether
too active. You will marry early in life
and have a varied and eventful career
Widowhood is strongly marked for you.
You are adaptable in heart affection and
will soon replace him.
FRANCIS J., City— The sudden death of
your father was a great blow to you. You i
will have a lawsuit over his property and
will not fare as well in the settlement as ,
you had anticipated.
O. G., Oakland — You do not always use j
tact in your management of people, and I
so antagonize when you do not intend to '
do so. You hs.\e an interest in the oc
cult, yet would not go to extremes even'!
In this particular.
MISS HAZIDA. Oakland— You are
broad-minded and level-headed and re
fined In your tastes. You do not make
Wheeler. C. P. Morse and wife, M. H. Berry,
San Francisco. I ?; ' . .
HIGHLAND SPRINGS-The arrivals here
during the last week are as follows: From San
Francisco— George D. Graham and wife, A vv-
Black, Miss F. Thiesen, Charles W. Sexton
and wife. W. H. Craig. S. P. Mesiek and wite.
Joseph M. Hayes. Joseph Holler. James Han
sen, H. S. Brown and wife. Mrs. J - T } v -.r < l"
phael; Miss B. Smith. Miss Mabel Hopkins.
.Samuel Jones, Mrs. W. Maxwell Reilly. W. W.
Coates, A J. Rich. Dr. E. N. Short, Dr. M. E.
Rumwell, Dr. William Levison, M. S. Bremen,
Mrs W. II Nolan and family, Miss O Brien.
Miss May O'Brien. William "Wolff, C. W. Hen
hard and wife, J. A- Kiein. C. T. Lehman,
Mrs. K. M. Hare, J. H. Crothers, M. W. Plum
mer, H S. Nason. John Crilley. Dr. William
I*,uison. J. Blumlein, J. J. Cook, Mrs. L. C.
Becht, Mr. Birdsall. Mrs. M. Davidson, James
Dv Bois. James A. Keller, Charles Bryant,
Ludi Robinson, J. B. Reynolds, Mrs. 8. T..
Bernhard, H. M. Lewis. D. C. Handco.k. W.
J Mitchell J. S. Swan and wife. From Napa-
M. D. Slattery. Mrs. G. E. Harvey, Miss Louise
Churchill. Miss Gertrude Thompson. From
Alameda— S. P. Mesick and wife. From Wood
land—J. S. Craig- and wife, Miss Lizzie Adams.
Miss Mac Cummins, Miss Mary A. Craig. From.
Oakland- George Reeves Clark and wife. Mrs.
F. Gee, Mrs. J. J. Gallagher and child, V S.
Farley, Lee Lucas, Dr. J. M. Dunn and wife.
Dr. and Mrs. D. D. Crowley and family.
PACIFIC GROVE— The week's visitors at El
Carmelo Hotel were: Rev. Phllo F. Phelps,
Joseph K. Tuazawa, Salinas: E. M. Hall Jr..
Oakland; R. W. Rupe, John Ken- and wife. Eva
Kerr. Stella May. San Francisco; Mrs. J. C.
Martin. M. V Martin,. Woodland; . Isaac N.
Swetnam, Coast; W. J. Davis, San Francisco:
.1 J. Jarmans and wife, Concord; Mrs. M. F.
Schell and daughters, Mrs. D. E. Smeltzer and
children, Kansas City. Mo.; Miss A. M. C.
Davidson, London; G. H. Bragg, San Jose: Mr.
and Mrs. H. B. Snyder, New York;- George
Thomas Page, San Rafael; George D. Gray and
•wife, Oakland; Mrs. S. Martin, Clifford Martin.
Berkeley: George W. Gardner, Campbell; New
ton J. Sharp, San Francisco; J. E. Hall, Han
ford; Mrs. A. H. Burrel, Miss E. Murphy. Miss
Burrel, Miss M. Burrel. Miss L. Burrel, San
Jose; H. A. Bostwick, Julius Loeb. San Fran
cisco; Charles Lever. Alameda: H. M. Richard
son. Angels Camp; Edwin Orrett, Alameda; W.
C Barnard and wife, San Francisco: B. S.
Houghton. Bakersfleld; Mrs. Noble T. Riddle,
Mrs. Benjamin Ricketts, W. H. Christmas. San
Jose: B. Mastin. ■ P. H. Le Bmcq, San Fran
cisco: A. P. Lathrop, Hollister; K. M: Piercy.
San Jose; Lester Phelps McMullen, San Fran
cisco; L. Chester Palmtag. F. C. Dawkins,
Watsonvllle; Thomas T. Kelly and wife. Mill
Valley; H. J. Mance and wife, Salinas; F. D.
Searight, L. H. Bailey, San Francisco; J. W.
Davy, Victor H. Ornin, San Jose; Mrs. Bel
cher. Miss Ellis. J. G. Mecredy and wife, R.
N. Russell, John A. B. Wilson and wife. San
Francisco: M B. Anderson, Sacramento; Mrs.
D. Dj Stubbs, Miss Stubbs. Oakland; Mrs. J.
Littlefleld. Miss Dyer, Burson; Mrs. Theodore
Blanth; Dora and Lillie Blanth. Sacramento;
A. R. Holbert, Minneapolis; M. E. Gilbert,
Belmont: D. M. Cuthbert, Long Beach: A. J.
Stratton and wife, Donald Robertson and wife.
San Francisco: "Marie McMillan, Nettie B.
Hindry. Pearl McMillan. Salinas; G. F. G. La
Vtolette. E. J. Bozl. San Francisco; F. B. West
cott. St. Louis; William Me Waul. Miss Mc-
Cain, Miss Stanley, WatsonviUe; J. H. Mc-
Kune and wife. Sacramento; L. Gimbal.
George G. Potter, San Francisco: A. E. Fry
and family, Bakersfield: Mrs. Frank Smith,
Gllroy. Among the arrivals who are staying
elsewhere are: Mrs. George Trimmingbam,
Miss Kffie Trimmingham, Miss Lottie Trim
mingham, Miss Mattie Trimmingham, Sun ■!
Misg Mabel Abbott, Miss Gertrude Noe. Wood
land: Mrs. M. T. Brown. San Jose; Mrs. M.
L. Ritchie. Mrs. A. E. Buchanan. Salt Lake
City: James L. Case. Berkeley: Hugh A.
Leigh. Alice Leigh, San Jose; Lorena Towle,
Fresno; Mrs. George Rodgers. Pan Jose; Mrs.
Emma Sargent, Mrs. C. W. Norton. Stockton;
Marion Mumma, Letah West, Lillian Mum
ma, Mrs. W. H. West. Mr?. T. J. Momma,
Thomas Mumma, Dunnigan; Mrs. L. F. Geis
sler and family, Mrs. C. C. Clay and daugh
ter, San Francisco; Oliver M. Johnston J.
C. Staley. Palo Alto; W. H. Willis. Amador;
C. A. Bucher, Stockton: Mrs. W. R. Muiidell.
Miss Esther Mundell. San Rafael; G. H.
French and wife; C. H. Adin and wife] Mrs.
' A. L. Sobey. Frank S. Sobey, San Francisco;
J. W. Chandler Jr., Denver: W. W. Chandler,
Mrs. Southack. F. L. Southack. MIS 3 South
ack, San Francisco; Frank B. Viers Jr.. San
Francisco; William Hammond and family, San
Jose; Harold L. Seyer and wife, Edith Lam
l rt, San Francisco; G. W. Norton and family.
Vallejo; Mrs. May Stanley Palmer Dora H.
Stanley, Belle L. Stanley, Mr. and Mrs. A.
H. Ward, Reno, Nev. ; C. A.. Dunlway, Stan
ford University; Mrs. Henry Demousset Se
attle, Wash.; Gerald J. O'Brien, Mrs. A. A
Tobin. Mrs. W. P. Chalmers, Misses Rose,
May and E. Shea. James Shea Jr., Miss Dor
othy Chalmers. Morse Chalmers Alvin Chal
mers. Dr. W. P. Chalmers. Michael O'Malley,
Rafael Roma; H. A. Tobln, San Francisco;
P. E. Hasten and wife. Miss Mac Herbert.
Miss Ethel Chisholm, Alnmeda; Mrs. Warren
McCord. Florine McCord. Denver,- Colo • Mrs
C. W. Gerichs, Miss Gerlchs. Miss L. Gerlchs,
Miss McCord. Mrs. A. E. Haydock, Mr and
Mrs. F. H. O'Keefe, P. McClish. San Jose;
M. S. Hammer and wife. Miss C. F. Hammer,
Sacramento. Some notable San Joseans who
will spend. July and August at this resort are:
Mayor and Mrs. C. J. Martrn and Miss Mar
tin, Mrs. Morgan Miles and Miss Lulu Miles
Dr. E. McClish and family. Mr. and Mrs D.
W. Burchard and family. Mrs. Karl Plate
Judge and Mrs. A. S. Klttredge, Miss Kitt
redge, .Mrs. A. Blount. Mr. and Mrs. Henry
D. Mathews and son. . ■<• .. >■? -.-.
MARK WEST SPRINGS HOTEL GuefltS
here axe: San FrancHsco Mr Hulford. Mfss
Lowenstein, Miss R. Meyer, Miss Rae Alexan
der, Miss Hattio Alexander, S. Ale\
Frank Sauter. Miss Hochhetmer, F. E
Pelt, -Mrs. McAfee, S. Lindner. H. Kaiser and
Wife, C. H. Gray. Mrs. L Galavottl an '.
Miss T. Lundblade. Miss K. Landblade. Mrs.
Fonza, B. Smith and family, 11. Smith.
G. Lachman. I^. W. Pryon, a. Pinching I.
Block. Miss L. Johnston.', Miss R. San. 1
Lowenstein, H. Alexander. Mrs. J. Meyer Mr.
Wallenstoin. L. Brease, Miss E. Dupende, F.
L. Lange, E. H. Granz, Miss F. Baker J. II
Speeck, G. Wayraan. Mrs. P. H. Kiefer, H.
Kiefer, Miss K. Coffe: Oakland. C C'ushing;
Callstoga, Mrs. A. C. Furniss.
GILJti >V SPRINGS— The following guests
have registered at these springs during th" past
week: Miss Teresa Helen Murphy. J. a. Ulrich
and wife. J. H. Hilbert and wife. T. Cliff. rd.
Harry Boa;en, William Bogen. Frank P. Kelly
Mrs. F. P. Kelly. Lucille B. Kelly. W 3.
O'Connor, Dan O'Callaghan, J. P. Norman and
wife. Mrs. J. W. 'Mark. Mrs. H. V. Armstrong.
Mrs. John S. Robbins, Mrs Percy L. Armsinnc
Mabel E. Pliillios. A. R. Carlyle and wife,
Camillp Carlyle. Robrrt White and wife. D.
Mullon. San Francisco: Miss Lillian M. Peter
son, "akland: Metha B. Peterson, Vallejo: Miss
P. Barash. Carrie Rea, Walter Talcott and
wife. R. Schneider. Gilroy: A. L. D>irn and
family. Watsonvillc; ,T. B. Moraghan, Miss Eu
genia Moravian and maid, Frank Moraghan,
Milt, n Moraghan. Eugene Moraghan, Constant
Meese, Pan Francisco.
STMMER HOME FARM— A great many
guests are registered hero. A masquerade was
h^lil on the Fourth of July. Araong those par
ttcipatlng were Miss Lillian Reins, Miss Hor
tense Hirsch, Joe Htrsch. Miss Edith Harris,
Miss Nanette Rt-iSH, Miss Julia ReiSS, Mrs.
Henry Block. Miss Blanch Cohen, Msx Reiss.
Jrunne Block. EHse Schults, Freddie Block.
Luclen Reiss. Miss Leonide r-,hn, Harold
Hirsr-h. I. fills Schultz. Ed Bin'?. Rene Bine. Mrs.
George Schultz, C. J. Btumenthal, Bert Ger-
Bon Mr. Sevin, Rose Bloch. Miss Marie Bine,
Lloyd Schultz.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS -Following are
the arrivals for the past two weeks: R. Pat
terson. J. J. Gottiob, C. H. Puveneck. Hiss A.
Duveneck, F. X O'Connor, M. Katzenstein,
Mtss S. Dannenbaum, H RokenbluDß, Mrs. F.
Bernard, Charles E. Frederick, Werner Ptauf
Annis Merrill, Miss C. J. Sag-, Mrs. L. A. Ktl
prire, Mrs. R. Van liupien, Miss Collins
James T. Boyd, Jackson Morris, J. O'Connell,
Rev. P. O'Connell, I. Rssenbaum and wife.
Charles Greenherg, D. A. Baun, M. Samuel
end wife, Sanlord Samuel, Stanley Samuel,
Max Samuel, Miss G. J. Samuel, F. A. Miller
and wife, Kate Qulnlan, " Louise Friese. J.
Goulet, Miss W, Burke, M. Rosenberg and
wife. Mis? Ciaire Rosenberg, H. Hirsehman, J.
Monaco, wife and child: Miss M. E. Mackie
H. Block, Ike Falkensteln. San Francisco; F.
de la Booth-Tucker. New York City; John
Reid Romie, T. Holland and wife, Amity;
J Fi. Bcott, M. U Griftn. C. W. Peterson and
wife. F. E. McCollum. Salinas; Misses W. and
J. Soberanes. G. R. Tholcke, Soledad; P. J.
Thompson and wife, J. T. Porter, Watsonville;
Mrs. J. Taylor. Louipe Hasrgerty, Kate Hag
gerty, San Jose; T. J. Field, Monterey; H. M.
Barry, Mr. and Mrs. Jonas, Oakland: 11. H.
Fahnestock, Peoria, 111.; Mr. and Mrs. Edwin
Kincaird, AJameda; J. Morris and wife. Pa
cific Grove.
BOCA— M. T. Coppersmith, G. W. Wallace.
Edward E. Perley, S. Plumber, John Hunt.
Fred Hunt, H. C. R^sseter, E. Haynes, i \ ' ;
Young, R. R. Dennigan, F. A. Coxhpal. Miss
N. G. W.ilsh. Miss M. Walsh, Miss Selma
Rixon. E. R. Crawford. Mrs. W. A. Bain. Miss
M. Carr. Louis N. Boudoin, John Lawrence,
F. H. Reed, San Francisco: L. S. Upson, W
J. Schilling. H. P. Rowley. George L. Barklos.
A. Clark, Mrs. K. Bunlschu, Sacramento;
Thomas Rowes, Virginia City; Gv H. Peterson.'
friends readily, as your ideals are high
and you do- not often meet companion
able individuals.
VIOLET HOLMES, 5V4 Kearny street—
You are of a nature greatly dependent
upon affection. You are easily influenced
by those you love. In one 'instance at
least you will meet disappointment in
domestic life.
AGNES FOGARTY— You are fond of
details; trouble your mind about triflrs
and become irritable if people disarrange
your belongings. You are close and care
ful in money matters, largely from force
of circumstances.
MRS. L. 8., Santa Rosa— Your first hus
band was very dissipated. Your second is
not much better, though his inclinations
are not toward liquor.
F ? A M> Hl t'ity— You would make a
good civil engineer. You are steady and
reliable. You will have one marriage at
32— a happy one— and two children both
boys.
MISS INDEPENDENCE— You will
marry twice and will have money come
to you at 28— not a large amount, but
enough to aid you. You are practical and
make the best of existing conditions.
PAPA'S DARLING HELEN, Liver
it. T Gould J C. Johnson. E. A. Holman,
F.. L. . T Evans and witV. Miss Minnie Evans,
Wn H Lore joy wife and daughter. Oakland;
T" A Efsfeldt A. C. Dambacher. Alameda.;
mmmm
I'W aaj, ana jmi. *» " k j^st evening he
extraordinary good luk^ ;^ ds
caught in a coup le otnun broth ers have
'a^fbe'en'activeb-- engaged and have caught
Pliser D. Whitson, F. J. "aupt Airs, a aio
-BSS MiS He J nry a Myer K s e ' and^SnteS *t**
E^a^ol^C. G^i-ifle, Mrs. L. Kuhn.
M. Mansfield. Miss Nettle Wade, Mrs. <***£•
M he! P s c - KSi^fKSfegSgJl |:
?«'*%% Pin..:, Miss Irene 1 , .....
Oakland: G. ROBLES-Arn vals : here are : U
Eschen. J. M. Sackett. J. C. I^nald^on, Mrs.
York; Miss Clara Moore, Master Sain Moore.
William yon Rome. San Francisco; Dr" A
Ham Martin U. S. N. ; John J. Valentine. O.
W. Heine, Oakland; Charles de - V£°£ler and
Hovey, Mrs. D. A. Neath, Miss I-.- Barbier _and
maid. San Francisco; E. L. Scott. Miss Ada Jl
White. Santa Cruz; Mrs. William Laurence.
College Park; Miss T. A. Guln. Miss Jennie C.
Wilson, H. Earner, San Francisco: George o.
Mather, Mack Webber, Oakland: William Ham
ilton, Creston; J. T. Yarrington. "J!" 101
Seller. James Smite. San Francisco; Miss Helen
Carpenter. Ukiah: R. Smyth. Chicago; ah.
Murphy, J. A. Bernstein. R. D. Hollis, 5. Clay
bourgh. C. M. Gregory, G. Benhardy. M. Bar
nett. San Francisco: Mrs. Wiliam Hammonu,
William M. Noyes, Livermore; J. G. A >' X , an
wife Miss Lean, Miss Sullivan. C. M. Solon,
William M. Meye, A. W. Blow, Thomas Ken
nedy Mrs. J. Rowan, Mrs. C. Mitchell. Wil
liam H. King. E. M Boyle, A. M Posner, W.
A. Bngner. San Francisco; G. H. WiUamson,
Vallejo- W. S. Thorn, J. Goodfriend, C. F. Smith
and wife, Mrs. C. Thompson: Mrs. McMahon,
San Francisco; Dr. Bowman, Nevada City;
r G Waller Hugh Moßeth, Ernest C. John
son \v B. Hamilton Jr., Mrs Henry Gut
zeit W* L Orear, J. :H. Morrow; B: Morris,
San' Francisco; M. C. Threlkeld. Oakland; W.
F Varcoe Burns McDonald, .T. Coughlan. V .
B Hirst R H. Rupe. San Francisco: William
Best. Seattle; F. H. Baily, S. CoblenU, San
Francisco; Mrs J. M. Williams, San Jose; F.
J Bache'd*>r San Francisco: Frank Clark and
wife Felton; George E. Jones. Julius Loehl.
James 11. Jones, San Francis.-o; E. Victor,
Los Angeles; T. L. Bates. San Francisco: J.
H Stauer San Rafael: J. B. Hicks, San Fran
cisco: J A. Rlcker, Denver; T. J. MoGanney.
William M. Meyer, San Francis F. B. West- 1
cott St. Louis: J. Liebes, San Francisco: U.
II Buck Redwood City; George Goldsmith,
A.' 11. King, J. F. Forbes. Dr. H. C. Bftgby,
Thomas J. Lapeley, San Francisco: J^ R.
Civara. Pajaro; Mr E. Mills, Miss M. Hall,
Camatto: Rev. P. Conneli. R. B. H Collier,
A M. Barnett, Mrs. L. Morrel, Mrs. Raymond.
Charles Pisner Charles Rummelsbers. -,-L.
Good friend F. L. Bruaidi, George L. c .burn.
San Francisco; W. E. Starr, Detroit; Charles
A Hug. H. M. Marcira , San Francisco. ■ -
MOUNT VIEW— arrivals at Hotel
Mount View during the past week' were: Mrs.
L V Merle Miss D Merle, E. C. Nathan. C.
P Nathan J. Greven. Mr. and Mrs. H. Brooks,
Mr. and Mrs G. Habernicht, Professor 1.
Bonelll and wife, Mr. and Mrs. A - *'• '--'i-
F Livingston, Oscar Heyman, Mr. and Mrs. a.
A King Louis Felix Raynaud, Mr. and Mrs.
H Arnold, Miss C. Heyman, Miss Maldie Good
man, Miss Henrietta Son. Mrs. A Son. A.
Mehlert, Miss A. Bode, Miss M. Merle. Leon
I) Stone, M. W. Nathan, A. L Kerr, Mr. and
Mrs G. Rosecrans Countess A. St. Germain
Miss L. Taggard, A. a. Louderback. Mr. and
Mrs W Mooser Dr. Harold Erunn, H. <-*.
Lowry Mr. and Mrs. J. French, Miss A. Ar
nold J. Goldstein, Mis.= Olca Heyman .Miss
Alma Son Miss Mabel Son, Miss Edith Cohn.
Edward Mehlert Jr., D. J. Wright, Leon Kut
ner, John Ahem, R. F. Haight, G. K. Che
vassus R. Avy. Miss A. Chesetta Avy Mr.
and Mrs. H. Cahen, Thomas Henco, Miss H.
Biar.ckenberg, Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Dodge. Mr.
and Mrs A Kutner, M. Toplitz, Mrs. G. U.
Judah and son, Mrs. E. Chevaasus, Miss L.
Avy Mrs A. Avy, Mr. Bonnheim, wife and
family. Master Gustav Blanckenberg, Mr. and
Mrs. Theodore Blanckenberg. Verm Stone.
On Saturday evening, July 1. a masked bail
was given at the hotel, and proved to be a
very enjoyable and brilliant affair, some of the
costumes being -most original and handsome.
At 10:30 all unmasked, and punch and ices were
served. Fully 200 people took part, many com
ing from near-by resorts. . . •»
On the evening or the Fourth a social .hop
.was well attended and dancing was Indulged
In vi til the wee sma' h itrs of the morning, Ine
decorations were appropriate to the day, the
hotel and grounds making a most fairy-like
picture, with the many Hags and colored lan
terns. As on previous occasions -the crush was
immense. '
A vaudeville show is being arranged for the
evening of the 16th. The talent is being care
fully selected with a view to making the affair
as artistic as possible.
ETNA SPRINGS— List of arrivals here were:
W. L Taylor. CO. York, J. P. Gilchrist, Mr.
and Mrs. B. F. Gamut. Miss A. G, Nelson, W.
X McFarland, Mrs. <:. F. Volkmann, Miss J.
Volkmann Miss Lillian Bdynton. Miss Katha
rine ' i' Neil I. D. Radzesky and wife. Eugena
Unger, R. W. Taylor. F. P. Geiraaa, W. p.
O'Kane, Walter Speyer. J. J. O'Brien. W. Gib
son, M. Klelberg, W. K. Gutzkowy C. .J.
Leigh toa Joseph Batten. Miss K. Goetzen.-
Frank E. . Mansfield, Mrs. H. Winkle, San
Francisco: I. Ehrenberg. Mrs. W. P. Wick
man, Alameda; M. W. Jellett, James Jellett,
Oakland. ' v^''-.
W ILLOW Following are the guests
here: H. M. Johns, J. Daebrow, G. Euler, W.
Herd C. Sto.wart, J. Morton, San Francisco;
U Hoixil, T. Holloway, Allan Covan. J. Beal s.
Berkeley; C. Beal, Honolulu; Miss H. Beal, H.
Ramsey, San Francisco: G. Grant, Oakland;
W. James, J. Dalziel, W. Herzer, H. Johns, R.
Mould, J. Campbell, 8". Sinnonds," San Francis
co: c. Ross, E. Olney, S. Bennett, R. McMul
len Oakland: Mr. and Mrs. Farum and fam
ily," Mr. and Mrs. H. Airey and family. Mr. and
Mrs. Shenck, San Francisco; Judge Dougherty.
Santa Rosa; W. Perkins, San Francis L.
Jones, Ant loch; W. Dunn, Sadie Robinson, San
Francisco; Harry Whittaker. Alameda: Roy
Barney, San Rafael; E. Blumbein, San Fran
cisco; Kenneth Grant, Oakland; W. King. San
Francisco; J. V. Camp, Oakland ; .T. Hodge,
San Francisco; Henry Ellsworth, wife and
family. Mr. and Mrs. C. Robinson, Mr. and
Mrs. T. Camel, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
T. McMullen. Mr. and Mrs. S. Simmen and
family. Oakland; G. Grant and family. High
land Park; Mr. and Mrs. Alexaniar Cowen and
family. Adelaide Beardsly, Mabel Norton, B.
M. Warner. .F. Dunne. Walter Sheldon, San
Francisco; J. Hower and s.m, San Rafael; S.
Johnson, San Francisco; H. Gillman, Denver;
L. Michal. Otto Hinz, Mr. and Mrs. O. Capple
man, O. W. Hug, Mill Valley; Mr. and Mrs.
S. Sewell. R. Mitchell. H. Budd, James McEl
roy and wife. W. R. Herrey, wife and child,
San Francisco: Sarah Jacobs. Santa Rosa; A.
W. Caro, San Francisco; E. W. Atwood, Misses
Bessie and Lillian Atwood, Oakland: Mrs. Cox,
Misses Edith and Annie Cox, J. Brown, San
Francisco; C. Muller, -Petaluma; F. D. Ron
ald. San Francisco; Susie Stone. Oakland; W.
V. Doughty, E. Bibbins, San Francisco.
The following- are registered at Hotel
Belvedere. Cal., from San Francisco: G.
Howard Thompson, Miss Meta Thompson,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry P. Dimond. Miss
Ethel Dimond. Mr. Alan Dimond, Mi>s
Clara Morris, W. J. Dnxey and wife, Mrs.
Adelaide Ciay, .Mrs. F. B. Eaton. General
\Y. ir. L. Barnes. Mrs. A. M. Scott, Miss
E. D. Patton, F. G. Bottom. Samuel
Whf eland. ■ Dr. G. C. Kenyon and wife,
Charles Kenyon. Alheri Kenyon, F. Kel
ley. Mrs. Josephine Love, Dr. Nat F.
Covtlsoß. Miss Blanche Hoge. Miss Octavla
Hose. Mr. and Mrs. Wilfred L. Mack,
Mrs. W. J. Gray and two sons, Charles A
Pollack, James W. Merrill, Wilhelm Ah
rens, Harry D. Hawkos, B. Thomas. Mrs.
J. C. Moro'np. Miss Forbes -Wilkinson. S.
B. Toby anfl wife, W. F. Aldrich, Colonel
Charles Sonntap. Miss Kdith Morris, Don
ald A. Pollack. Miss Ethel Knapr; Mrs.
E. Danforth. Miss Danforth, William H.
Rhodes, B. F. Priest and wife. Noble H.
Eaton. J. E. Ritchie. Mr. and Mrs. Fred
F. Hobk, Miss Mildred Hobk, Dr. E. S.
Wernple, Mrs. E. S. Wemple, Miss Mu
riel Wemple, Miss Edna Wemple. Oak
land — Mrs. George W. Cope. Miss Hazel
Cope, Miss Vora Cope. Fred Stoep and
wire, T. A. Gardner and wife. Miss LJI
-lian Feldman. Roys Valley— William J.
Harrison and wife. San Gabriel— Mra.
Ramona York Short). Samoa— G. K. Or
mann. Spokane— Mrs. T. Mollinelli. Fruit
vale—Mrs. S. Chiarini. Big Oak Flat—
D. A. Jones. Alameda— Mrs. J. V. Smith,
Miss Fern Smith, Mrs. S. M. Robinson,
Miss Clotllle Robinson. W. E. Osborne.
New York.
i PALMISTRY. I
more — This individual will make her own
way without difficulty. Six- Is inclined to
be willful and is fond of the good things
of the world. She will be especially fas
tidious about her associates and will
marry at 20.
MRS. H. K. N., City— You have not real
ized your ideals in your married life, as
your nature is masterful and cannot
brook any interference. You are self
reliant and independent— fond of specula
tion. If you had been a man you would
have made a financial success.
LOUISE J.. San Rafael— You are ambi
tious to become a shining light, but you
have no energy. You expect to become
famous without personal effort. You have
latent dramatic talent. You will be a dis
appointment to yourself unless you are
careful.
MRS. PEt ER S.— You will come into a
large inheritance when 41 years old but
you will have much trouble through'law
suits and interference of husband's rela
tives.
Madame Neergaard. pupil of St. Germain,
scientific palmist; reading, by mall, $1; office
hours 1 to 8 p. m. 616 Geary at., above Jonea;
cla.suioa. " " >,HINTS FOR
BEAUTY
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in
the science of cosmetics and the hygiene' of proper living. If any one
desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be
cheerfully answered in these columns. Write ns often as you like, ask
as many qixestio:is as you please and sign any name that you choose. Ad
dress all communications to Mme. Sunday Call.
PRETTY teeth will do much to
ward redeeming an otherwise
plain and unattractive face.
When a woman is not possessed
of this charm it is frequently
owing to sheer neglect on her part.
I do not mean that the condition of
the teeth depends wholly and entirely
on the care given them, a? many affirm,
for good teeth or bad teeth are gener
ally inherited, and frequently those
that are good to start with give out
entirely before the race is half run,
owing to constitutional weakness or the
use of strong adds as medicine.
If one earnestly wishes fine, beautiful,
white teeth unceasing daily attention
must be bestowed upon them. This care
must begin in childhood, just as soon
as the little baby teeth have pushed
their way through the rosy gums. All
children hate having their teeth
brushed, just as they detest having
their hair yanked and pulled in order to
remove the snarls, or having to sit up,
In a stiff, white pinafore, in the best
parlor when company comes. Who does
not remember the days of childhood
and girlhood, when all sorts of subter
fuges were resorted to to escape clean-
Ing the teeth? No matter how many
threats were held out. or how much
Imploring done on the parts of our
blessed mothers, we just wouldn't
listen, but went <rur way unruffled
and blissfully unconscious of the misery
we were laying up for ourselves later
on.
1 must be of the proper sort and
thoroughly masticated if one does not
wish the teeth tv degenerate. Teeth
were given us for use, and if their mis
is not fully accomplished they will
become weak through lack of work,
and the stomach then being compelled
to finish their work will give out also.
It is an erroneous idea that the first
teeth, because temporary, need little
or no <are. They should be as regu
larly washed and cleaned as those that
come later, and when the little one
reaches th.- age ,>f 2 y--ars a bit of den
tal tloss should be drawn between the
teeth .-very night just before bed time.
This is the time, too, when the teeth
should receive their most thorough
cleansing, for it is at night that fer
mentation takes place, ami all the mis
is wrought. The most assiduous
brushing in the world in the morning
will be of little avail as far as allaying
decay is concerned if this little duty has
l n1: 'glected the night befoi c.
tafci it is that women treat their
teeth to inexcusable abuses, and when
sees a woman crack nuts with her
teeth, or bite thread, or make of her
Ivories an unpatented corkscrew, the
expression "biting ten-penny nails"
does not seem a bit overdrawn.
There is not th-- slightest danger of
us.: th-- teethtoo often. I make
this statement advisedly, for I do not
ihink it at all likely that you will cease
all other occupations ami start in up >n
orv of eternal scrubbmgs, or that the
: • zealous will give her teeth more
than three scrubbings a day, which is
• • uch.
Let your brush be moderately stiff
and not too large. The small brush,
slightly concave, with uneven bristles,
is th<- most efficacious. The teeth should
b<> brushed inside as well as outside, the
!i being not only across th<-> teeth,
but up and down also. Tepid water is
best, as either hot or cold water is apt
The Del Monte Girl in the JccKet 5: he Wears for Golfing
and Cycling.
to occasion a shock to the enamel which
may result in cracking it.
I>n not use toothpicks to any great
extent, and all dentriflces containing
gritty substances musl be tabooed. Di
luted iisterine makes an excellent wash,
and the mouth should be rinsed with it
the firsi thing upon arising in the morn-
Then brush the teeth well, using
a pure powder, the ingredients of which
you know.
A good one is made by mixing to
gether equal parts of powdered castile
soap, orris root and precipitated chalk.
Or this, which is fragrant and de
lightful:
TOOTH POWDER.
Precipitate chalk, one-fourth pound.
Pulverized castile soap, three-fourth
ounces.
Powdered orris root, one ounce.
Pulverized sugar, one ounce.
Oil of sassafras, one-half dram.
After brushing the teeth, rinse the
mouth well and be sure that your
brush is kept scrupulously clean. When
the sums arc tender and liable to bleed,
a few drops of tincture of myrrh in a
glass of water makes an astringent and
hardening wash.
Never use lemon juice on the teeth.
If they assume a yellowish tinge, a lit
tle peroxide of hydrogen brushed over
them will whiten and cannot possibly
injure them.
< (nee every six months the dentist
should be visited, the teeth thoroughly
examined and small cavities filled. This
will save tear wringing seances in the
dentist chair, when the crevices have
become bo agonizing, that one* doesn't
If tidal waves swallow us up or
what happens. And, besides, these
things, like meeting one's future rela
tives-in-law. or being sent in to dinner
with the man one has Just refused, are
lota more alluring to look back upon
than to have in prospect.
Arjswers to Correspor)der)ts.
BELLE — The premature gray hair in
your case is probably hereditary, as
you say you are in excellent health and
have no occasion for worry or anxiety.
The change in color is brought about
almost invariably by the failure of the
mineral ingredients in the pigment. At
the first sign of gray hairs a good iron
tonic, prescribed by a physician, should
be taken regularly, as the failure of the
iron in the pigment usually comes first.
A good tonic should also be applied to
the scalp. Here Is a splendid one: Two
drams tincture of cantharides, six
drams essence of rosemary and
eleven ounces of elderflower water.
Singeing the ends often has a benefi
cial effect on hair that is turning gray.
Roll the hair in small twists, so that
all the tiny ends will bristle out. and
then singe off every split end. Do this
. nee a month, and keep the scalp in a
state of perfect cleanliness.
MARIE HOPELESS— I cannot guar
antee that by using the ammonia the
little hairs will forever depart, but I
have been told by those who ought to
know that by constant use sued would
be the result. Use the liquid ammonia,
purchased at the drugstore, and apply
it each night.
GERAXiDINE W. — Animation and
good heaith will brighten the eyes bet
ter than anything I know of. Touch
ing the lashes with castor oil will make
them grow. Bathing them in warm
salt water is also good. Blackheads are
best removed by the use of a com
plexion brush, tepid water and oastile
soap. The following shampo.i in lovely
and will make your hair wonderfully
s-f! .".ml glossy: Yelks of two eggs,
beaten to a froth, one ounce spirits of
rosemary and one pint warm \Y,ater.
Put in abottle and shake well. Cleanse
the hair and scalp thoroughly with this
and rinse in several clear waters. If
you prefer a soapy shampoo you will
find none nkvr than the one suggested
:<t Eliza D. in last Sunday's Tall. If
you will protect your skin in the way
told of in last Sunday's Beauty Talk.
and will use the orange flower skin food
freely while in the warm climate that
you expect to visit. I am certain that
you will not return with the brown,
wrinkled complexion that your friends
so cheerfully (?) predict for you.
MAREQUITA — The hollow cheeks
can be filled out only by the most
whoiesome diet, the most careful living
an.; a general building up of a depleted
physical system — for few women with
wan, thin faces are really well and
strong. Orris root and . lycopodium is
splendid for perspiring hands; better, I
think than the other preparation you
mention. Wash the hands in hot water
and apply the powder. Prepared chalk,
finely powdered, should be put upc/n the
hands before drawnig on the gloves.
'"Yes" answers your last question.
SALLY S.— Following is the formula
for the orange flower skin food: Sper
maceti, one-half oun<"; refined white
wax, one-half mince; sweet almond oil,
two ounces; lanolin, <-ne ounce; cocoa
nut oil, one ounce; simple tincture of
benzoin, ten drops; orange flower
water, one ounce. The mission of the
skin food Js to plumpen the face and to
obliterate wrinkles. It will refine and
clear the skin beautifully and remove
all roughness and sunburn. Its use, of
course, must- be accompanied by mas
sage. If the ankles are large you
should never wear low shoes.
DOROTHY B.— A good way to invig
orate the hair roots is to gently mas
sage the scalp with the finger tips,
dipped In clear, lukewarm water. This
brings the blood to the surface and re
THf: SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9. 1899.
The Most Stunoing Girl of the Seashore Resort.
moves the particles of dead skin. If the
hair is dry rub a little olive oil into the
sralp. Worry, overstudy, ill health or
late hours will cause the hair to fall.
Anything that will give a stronger con
stitution is pretty sure to bring lux
uriant locks. T'se the following tonic:
Eau de cologne, four ounces; tincture
of cantharides, one-half ounce; oil of
lavender, one dram, and oil of rose
mary, one dram. Apply to the roots
with a bit of absorbent cotten once or
twice a day.
MRS. T. — If the spots on your face
come from a disordered liver, first re
move tin- cause of the trouble, and then
apply this mixture at night, washing
away the next morning: Kaolin, four
grams; lanolin, ton grams; carbonate of
magnesia and oxide of zinc, two grams
each. The cucumber milk is excellent.
There is no remedy for whiteheads, ex
cept to puncture each one separately
and press out the contents.
AGONY— That flabby, puffy condition
about the eyes Is .generally an Indica
tion of some internal trouble, and is
best remedied by removing the trouble
that causes it. Then massage each
night with the orange flower skin food,
formula for which is given in foregoing
reply to Sally S. After the massage
bathe the puffy places in cold water, in
which is a small piece of alum, a piece
the size of a bean being plenty for a
pint of water.
SAL.L.IE RAY — For the red nose and
hands see to it that the clothing is worn
Dose. There must be no tight sleeves or
bands. Then bathe the nose in diluted
witch hazel and apply pure lemon juice
•(. thf* red hands, rubbing in a good cold
■ream as soon as the juice Is dry.
A. M. De VEE— Mount Diablo has
lever, to my knowledge, been in a state
f eruption. It certainly has not been
\ithin the last twenty-five years, nor
:<) I think at any time.
CKESSIDA— Pure castile soap is fhe
very best in the world. I would not ad
vise the clear cocoa butter for the face,
as it has a slight tendency to make tiny
hairs come. The orange flower skin
food is much better any wa^' for build
ing up the tissues and filling out the
hollow?.'
LOUISE — No wonder you did not
succeed with your cold cream. You
should have stirred it until cold. And
why in the world did you let it boil?
It should merely be heated, so that the
white wax, th^ spermaceti and the oil
of almonds are well melted together.
Then it must be beaten very rapidly
so as to thoroughly mix the oils and
the rose water. You can melt it over
again and get it all right. As vege
table powders will not adhere to your
skin, suppose you try the following,
which is flesh tinted and has a very
pleasant odor: Precipitated chalk, one
OUTFIT FOR
EUROPE
There is a numerous band of tourists
who are going across the Atlantic, and to
them the eternal feminine question of
what to wear with the maximum of com
fort and the minimum of inconvenience is
uppermost.
it is always assumed when one is in a
quandary as to the proper outfit for Euro
in travel that the contemplated .trip ia
:n be a steamer trunk trip, which means
i.iiir distances and short stops. When one
it) going to take the ua'ual tourist voyage,
it couple or three months trip, with one
night and two day stands, it is remark
able with how little in the way of change
«,ne can get aiong. Outside wraps for
shipboard and steamer rugs are, of
course, not included in this assertive
statement, for ihe reason that they can
• be left behind witli the steamship com
pany on arrival on the other side, to be
called for or sent as directed.
It is assumed that the steamer trunk
is to contain all one's temporary posses
sions in the way of the wardrobe, and
that one's journey will include Scotland.
Northern Kngland, Northern Ireland and
Germany, whore one is apt to encounter
considerable cool weather, as well as
Swiss valleys. Paris, London and Italy—
a variety of temperature to cover with a
few articles of clothing.
The most serviceable traveling dress for
such a jaunt is a light weight, close
woven goods, of 'some unshrinkable or al
ready shrunk fabric. Continental coun
tries are proverbial for their uncertainty
of summer showers, and in Scotland every
day nearly sees its rainfall or a thick
mist, so if one does not attend to this
| seemingly unimportant item she may find
] her one gown leaving its prescribed limit
of length without excuse. The traveling
gown should have a close fitting waist
| and filso a silk waist of light, if possible,
washable material. With this and a light
overjacket one is prepared for all emer
gencies.
The shirt waist is a good article to
avoid. Unless freshly laundered it i 3 an
eye-sore and hefited compartment cars,
dusty stations and daily fag of Might see
ms are act to render it unfit for public
ounce; pure oxide of zinc (best qual
ity), three ounces; carmine, one grain;
oil of rose, two drops. A bit of absorb
ent cotton makes a good powder puff,
although I prefer a piece of soft, white
velvet as a powder rag to everything
else.
CONSTANCE— If you feel that your
case is hopeless, then fall back on
those nice little corset waists that end
at the hips and have the loose puffed
out busts. It is so difficult to tell some
one whom you have never seen what
colors will best become her. However,
from your description of your coloring,
I should think you could wear dark
blue with a dash of scarlet very nicely,
or rich browns touched with either vio
let or some one of the shades of tan.
S. H. M.— Feet that perspire should
be washed night and morning in warm
water, in which is a little soda. Then
apply this powder: One part salicylic
acid," two parts precipitated chalk and
Beven parts powdered talcum.
J. S.-An offensive breath usually
eo'mes from one of two causes — a dis
ordered digestion or teeth that need a
dentist's attention. If. however, nei
ther one of these is the seat of the
trouble, the following wash will sweet
en the breath: Alcohol, ISS grams; cin
namon, 12 grams; ginger, 2 grams; es
sence of peppermint, 4 grams; cloves,
\<i gram. Mix and leave In infusion for
two weeks in a tightly covered vessel:
then filter through a, covered funnel
and bottle. Put one ieaspoonful to a
glass -of water and rinse the mouth.
Any of the hair tonics given in this de
partment if rubbed into the eyebrows
will make them grow.
GRACE MILLER— As your hair is
changing color and coming out in such
quantities, ton, I should suggest a gen
eral building up of your physical sys
tem as a remedy. Get a good, pure
tonic and th^n rub olive oil into the
scalp with very gentle massage. Really.
I doubt if you will be able to do away
with the freckles. They seem to be the
natural companions of auburn tresses;
so if I were 7OU, girlie, I'd just let them
severely alone and forget all about
them.
MARGARET— For the chafing under
the arms, wash with castilp soap and
water, to which a drop or two of car
bolic acid has been added. Then dry
very gently with a soft towel and dust
with carb/rlatf'd talcum or violet baby
powder. The friend who told you that
hives usually came from some derange
ment of the stomach or as the result of
eating some particular kind of food was
quite right. So, of course, the first
thing to do ia to put the digestion in
order. Then, to allay the inflammation,
use the following solution on the af
flicted parts several times a day: Pow
dered borax, one-fourth ounce; pure
glycerine, one-half ounce; camphor
society. Carefully stowed away In a
Mramor trunk should be a more elaborate
toilet for dross occasions, at dinner on
board ship, in Paris and London, where
(pin- is surf to meet or make friends, and
for the special occasions which may arise,
when it is absolutely necessary that gown
and bonnet shall be Irreproachable. One
cannot depend on buying what is neces
sary when one arrives. Tn July nnd Au
gust the stores and shops of London and
Paris are much as they are here— filled
with summer goods which it is getting
late to buy. while, the early fall goods
have not yet made their appearance.
T'nderwear. shots, the bric-a-brac of
toilet, can be left to the discretion of the
traveler and the: amount of space in the
tiny trunk after these other requirements
jire answered. Hut with these few ar
ticles one can be assured of enjoying her
trip secure In the consciousness of being
prepared for all times and weathers.
One's hat should not be trimmed with
feathers and flowers, both of which are
ruined by wet, damp and dust. Stiff rib
bon bowa with wings or single stiff plumes
are the best garniture. The steamer hat
or cap shoulO be taken along to wear on
the cars boats, etc.. and will serve as a
sjtorm hat when weather is unpropitious
and there is still one last cathedral to
visit.
SOD/\ WAJER QIRLS.
Now that the season for the steeling
soda has arrived certain types and traits
of soda-water girls are found together.
For Instance, brunettes take chocolate,
ginger or coffee, just as their country
cousins take sarsaparilla. Golden-haired,
] i r . 5.1. -n china girls take pineapple, lemon
or vanilla, while Titian beauties prefer
raspberry, apricot, cherry or orange
phosphate.
.Demi-blondes, with brown hair, fair
skins and dark eyes, are usually addicted
to mixed llavors. Vanilla and coffee to
gether is subtle and Oriental, while
pistache and lemon suggests butter
flies and apple blossoms, and apricot and
lemon tastes like sweet remorse, or "I
wish I hadn't!" and pineapple and straw
berry recalls La France roses and moon
light tete-a-tetes.
Unimaginative people will exclaim,
"Nonsense!" and drink their vlchy or
chocolate without thinking, but Imagina
tion is half the pleasure of eating and
drinking:.
water, one pint.
MRS. G. L. B. — So, you have a cun
ning little baby that insists upon ram
ming its thumb halfway down its
throat i:ir tst every hour in the day.
Dear, dear! these blessed babies cause
their "mom-moms" no end of anxiety
and worry, don't they, and yet what a
lot of happiness and pleasure one gets
out of them, too. The habit of thumb
sucking is sometimes a difficult one to
overcome. It used to- be that putting
a little bitter aloes or tincture of
quassia on the little pink thumb would
bring reform, but these modern babies
are such persistent little creatures that
they simply eat off the bitter stuff and
smack their lips over it, too-. If these
methods fail with your little miscreant,
I wonder how it would do to put little
white cotton gloves on the wee hands?
I really believe that would do it. Sup
pose you try it.
NEW RECRUIT— Am delighted to
welcome you to our ranks; only sorry
that you did not come sooner. The whole
round of health must be attended to.
not only for a dAy, but as the habit of
a lifetime, if one wishes to acquire a
clear complexion. The diet must be
strictly looked after, exercise must be
regularly taken, the daily sponge bath
upon rising in the morning must not be
neglected for a single day. and the
room in which one sleeps must be
thoroughly ventilated. As for the face
itself, I advise a thorough scrubbing
with a complexion brush, tepid water
and castile soap every night just be
fore retiring, followed by a smearin"
with the orange flowpr skin food or any
good cold cream. Let this remain on
the skin a few minutes and then re
move every vestige of grease with a
soft cloth. It will not be necessary to
wash the face again the following
morning — merely wipe it off with a
damp cloth and then dust with some
harmless powder. If you will follow
these simple rules I feel more than
certain that you will see a marked
change in your complexioft in a very
short time." The following cream you
will find delightful. It will give your
skin that transparent look for which
you are striving.
ALMOND CREAM.
Oil of sweet almonds, two and a half
ounces.
Spermaceti, two and a half ounces.
White wax, half an ounce.
Borax, one-fourth ounce.
Glycerine, three-fourths ounce.
Rosewater^ three-fourths ounce.
Oil of rose geranium, ten drops.
Melt the first three ingredients In a
porcelain kettle. Tn a separate porce
lain vessel heat the remaining ingre
dients Mix the Mvo and be- with an
egg-beater until light and foamy like
th.> white of an egg.
MME. HYGEIA.
A BICYCLE
SERVICE
Fyfield is three miles north of Ongar,
and is one of the prettiest spots In all
Essex. The rector— the Rev. L. Elwyn
Lewis— invited cyclists in general for a
special service, which was to be all over
In half an hour. To insure their comfort
he offered to provide tea at sixpence a
head, and to allow the cyclists to stroll
through his ground." and smoke or lie on
the «rass before returning home.
The day was a signal success. There
has probably never been a boiler church
parade. At least five hundred cyclists at
tended. The Epping- road was alive with
them. Nearly every club and every
suburb of London was. represented; others
went from < "helmsi'ord and Dunmow,
where the flitch conns from. The cay
was beautiful— a bright sun, a light
breeze, a clear blue sky and the fragrance
of 'summer in the air.
Every variety of cycle was to be seen
and every variety of cycling attire. There
was a motor tricycle and there was a
lady in rationnl.s. As the Whitsuntide
decorations were still in place the rustic
church was very -bright and pretty. The
wheelmen wore too many for the accom
modation. They packed every seat and
overflowed into the church yard.
It was a simple little service— a few
hymns, a few prayers, a lesson, and a.
sermon five minutes long. The preacher
developed a single Idea— as the cycle
requires the spirit of man to guide
It. so does man require the spirit of
God; as the cycle is a means of
progress through this world, so Is the
gruce of God the means of progress to
ward the world to come. And the rector—
wise man— fulfilled his contract. As the
clock struck 4 the "Amen!" of the last
hymn was said.
Then tea in the parish room, consumed
with open air appetites, and after that a
smoke beneath the rector's chestnuts. The
rector is a vicar as well, and he has both
a rectory and a vicarage. This rectory,
a rambling and picturesque old mansion.
was once the manor house, and he has
seven acres of ground .around It. Pho
tographers perpetuated the scene, and all
the viilage came out to see. There has
never been su.-h a busy Sunday at Fy
iield.— London Daily Mail.
SEASIDE
GLIMPSES
DEL MONTE. July 7.-"This is ;
the first American place I have ;
seen in America." The speaker
II looked up and down the broad
C y piazza of the huge wooden hotel. i
"How so?" asked his compan- ;
ion. :
"Well," said the Englishman, "I got '
here too late for dinner, don't you know,
and when I went to the dining-room they >
gave me— what do you beefsteak,
potato chips and ice water; the first real
ly American meal I have eaten. And now ,
this— so American!"
The Briton again looked up and down
the long porch, thickly set with rocking
chairs, where white forms swayed to and
fro in the moonlight that flickered through
the leafage of shadowing trees. From the .
ballroom floated the strains of a waltz;
in front bicycles carrying slender white ,
figures glided noiselessly past, and groups
of girls, white clad, bareheaded, strolled
up and down.
"I # suppose," he said tentatively, glanc
ing at the rocKing figures, . from whose
hair or corsage an occasional gleam of
light woke the answering spark of dia
monds,- "that these ladies, out here are
chaperons whose daughters are dancing
Inside?" '.^yJX
"Very possibly," returned his compan
ion. •vv: v; ~.v.
•The Briton gazed silently a few minutes
into the garden, where other young girls,
their arms twined about one another, con
tinued to pass, bare-armed, heads uncov
ered, lifting with their unoccupied hands
the skirts of costly evening gowns. With
an air of satisfaction he presently repeat
ed. "So American!"
And almost the Briton was right. Del
Monte, with its huge wooden caravansary,
many-windowed? containing hundreds of
roome, where people swarm like bees in a
hive, eating together, dancing together in
the hotel parlors in the evening, lounging
together on the hotel piazzas day and
evening, is far more American in its os
tentation of wealth and drees, and its
unequaled frankness and good humor and
jovial democracy in display than is New
port — that enormous, and brilliant Euro
pean garden, beautiful and stately, but
bo walled and fenced that the townspeo
ple are barricaded even from access to a
beach which from the days of the first
settlement has been their own.
There is very little privacy at Del
Monte. There is no partition through
which one cannot hear. Ten minutes ago
there appeared on my threshold a couple
of children, boy and girl. 9 and 11 years
old possibly, of the progress of whose
toilet as performed in the next room my
ears had for some minutes kept me In
formed. Both were spotless in white
pique, but where the boy glanced at me
with a certain timidity, the girl advanced
boldly, her little round neck lying in
creases of fat, her round brown eyes sur
veying me with audacious curiosity.
"When did you come and how long are
you going to stay?" she asked; then
turned to examine the room before join
ing her mother, a rather young, hand
same woman, with audacious eyes like
the child's, who paused at the door on
her way down to the piazza.
A white taffeta dress was this lady s
porch toilet, with an elaborate effect of
lace in the make-up, and an accordion
plaited sash of pale blue chiffon. A dainty
fichu also of blue chiffon, carried down
with much frilling of lace to a point at
the waist, gave a decided slope to her
shoulders. As she lifted her skirt, I saw
that she wore small white shoes with
blue bows and Louis XV heels. In her
ears were diamonds, and the hands that
held some brilliant trifle of fancy work in
vivid cherry color were covered with
rings. It was like no place but Del Monte
that, smiling to see that the children nad
found amusement, this stranger expressed
no surprise at their tanlng possession of
my apartment.
White was the color of the porch col
ony; white lawn dresses, white piques,
white ducks, white cloth gowns, white
veilings, white dotted Swiss frocks, white
point d'esprits, white book muslins made
of the porch a harmony in white.
Next to white dresses and jewelry the
impressive features of Del Monte are its
large women— stout women, 1 mean, of
whom it has more than any other resort
— who promenade the parks and gardens
of the springs, and whose effect in their
white robes is that of snow-clad moun
tains.
All-pink hats are favorite wear with
the all-white dresses, and trying they are
except to the loveliest faces and . most
perfect complexions. "Crowned with
roses"— Brobdignagian roses— are many of
the Del Monte girls one meets — for in
spite of the large women there are girls
at Del Monte— though some of them are
too sallow and some too ruddy to bear
without harm the flowers' proximity. But
now and then one sees a beautiful young
face that looks adorable under its rose
laden headgear, and for the sake of one
such unalloyed success all failures are
freely forgiven.
Duck and pique . skirts dot the fields,
embroidered with fleur de lis and Frenchy
looking bow-knots, for Del Monte has
never resigned itself to being severely
tailor-made. Here goes a girl in scarlet
pique, and there one in blue, but these
are the punctuation marks, the tabasco
sauce; they give variety i and emphasis,
but the 'skirt of skirts is white, trimmed
perhaps with strapped seams in some
vivid color.
With the white skirt a white waist
may be worn in lawn or pique, or per
haps one of sheer, pale blue batiste or
something heavier in blue pique. There
may be, too, a pique jacket, but the spe
cialty of Del Monte is the silk golfing
jacket, shaped like an Eton, of white or
some delicate color and so embroidered
and decorated as to make clear the fact
that, with exceptions, the Del Monte girl
scarcely goes in for "the rigor of the
game." Of course the experienced golf
girl scorns, for purposes of play, a white
taffeta jacket embroidered with thistles
in their natural colors, but at golf
luncheons or at a fete champetre even
she may relent, while in the eyes of the
girl to whom athletics are of secondary
importance, the jacket is a mitigating
circumstance.
There are Del Monte girls who are not
fluffy or white. A smart costume was of
large plaids of lavender and white pique,
worn with a little black, silk Eton jacket
turned over with white and opening upon
a mannish white vest and tall collar. Tho
owner of this costume still stepped in low
heeled bulldog-toed shoes, where the fluffy
girl is wearing high neels and pointed toe 3
altogether.
And the most stunning girl at Del
•Monte, straight-nosed but of an English
rather than a Greek type of beauty, wears
dresses that, soft as the fluffy girl's, are
as severely patterned as the tailor made.
Beautiful embroideries are the stunning
girl's hobby, embroidered on cloth, on
veiling, on muslins. Other of her suc
cesses are achieved with hats, large hats
adorned some with plumes and some with
giant roses. One of the pink hats of
which I have spoken is hers, of white
Italian straw and trimmed with pink and
white comet ribbon and pink and white
paradise feathers drooping about the
face on each side.
In evening dresses there are dreams, for
dancing is the oifder of the night, and
every girl who comes brings her trunks
full of laces and muslins. White India
muslin is one of the summer's favorite:?,
dotted with incrustations of lace and
made with the inevitable circular flounce.
A recent success was a gown of white
point d'eaprlt veiled by a tunic of flne
black lace. Mauve chiffon trimmed with
lilacs offered a touch of variety.
• * *
Among the lesser things fashionable,
but mighty in importance, are the buttons
which are now in evidence upon whatever
manner of gown. The new glass buttons
are singularly beautiful.. They are plain
or cut. and appear in every possible shade,
light or richly toned, in blues and vio
lets, pinks and greens, so much liked.
They are used even on muslin, organdies*
or lace, frocks, especially for the long po
lonaises, and are used all the way down
the front— the back, as the case may
be. The heart shape is much liked at
present, and comes in pearl or glass. For
lace coats and redingotes the buttons are
a decided feature. Frequently for such
use they are of glass overlaid with gold
filigree or of very handsome pearl.
Speaking of colored glass— it will be seen
that it forms the handles of the smart
wash parasols, which the tailors build to
order to match the duck, pique or linen
gowns they turn out in such smart per
fection. . These parasols are. by the way.
most fashionable when of five instead of
seven gores. Very smart, too. even for
young women this season are the tiny
second empire carriage parasols, all ruf
fled and laoWlke in effect.
Among small novelties -we learn that In
Paris the long neck chain is now prefer
ably of polished iron. Indeed, iron is a
much favored fad for many of the little
trinkets of the toilet. '
In the fichus line there are elaborate
ones of ribbons and lace, but the plain
soft ones of chiffon are the ones that take
best. They are really the most attractiva
and becoming.
To be worn with delicately tinted shirt
waists, of either cotton or silk, there ara
long chiffon or silk mus'.in scarfs that
go about the neck twice and tie in a larga
bow under the chin. There are two little
frills edged with narrow satin ribbon on
each end of the tie.
Another fetching neck arrangement is
a collar of rose linen edged in lace. At
the front there is a knot of hla<jk velvet
ribbon, caught up by a gold buckle, and
white tulle dotted in black chenille.
A novel cravat of black velvet seems to
,be the winning favor.
Two other sketches show ties that are
much worn with white pique shirtwaists.
These- are made of the brightest of figured
silks, which resemble the familiar ban
dana handkerchiefs in design. One such
collar has a stock of red silk. In front
and caught by a band of red silk there i 9
a square of the figured silk drawn up in
the middle. Another gay silk tie is in the
form of a four-in-hand.
The Panama hats that are sold by one
or two of the leading hatters in the city
are very popular at the resorts. These
are worn with India silk gowns, as well
as with wash gowns. They are trimmed
becomingly only with bows of black velvet
ribbon and one or two little stiff black
wings. In shape they are not unlike the
sailor hats, but the brim curls, up and is
soft. These hats are, of course, expen
sive, but they are said to wear well and
to clean, and. so far as the straw goes,
are in every respect like the Panama hats
that men used to wear years ago. and
that were supposed to last ten years. It
is, however, only a passing fancy, and it
is foolish to invest too much money in
anything of the kind, although, where
economy does not have to come into the
question, it is well to include one such hat
among the others that are bought for the
summer campaign.
RAREST STAMP
The question is often asked. What is the
rarest stamp among the issues of the
United States? The highest price ever
paid for a single specimen of this country
was $4400, which sum was given for the
famous 10-cent stamp of Baltimore, is
sued by the Postmaster of that city in
1545. The design shows the autograph of
President Buchanan, with the value be
low. There are but few copies in ex
istence, and It may truly be said that it
is the rarest and most valuable postago
stamp in America.
Prior to the sale of this celebrated
specimen the highest price paid was $3000.
This was for a fine copy of the 20-cent
"St. Louis," which at that time ranked
as one of the rarest American stamps.
Shortly after it was sold, however, others
were "found, and the price has dropped
considerably.
There are a great many United States
stamps ranging 1 in value from $500 to
fj*>fi. among which are the Beaumont,
Uniontown and Madison (Confederate)
Ttje Girl Wrjo Goes to the Races.
Provisionals, and the Brattleboro. Mill
bury and New Haven Postmasters'
stamps, all of which are extremely
Bcarce. Such rarities as these are seldom
offered for sale, and when by chance one
of them comes upon the market there, are
always many collectors ready and willing
to pay full value for it.
In the way of finding rare stamps there
are great possibilities for those who have
access to old letters and correspondence
between the years 184.3 and 1565. The early
Postmasters' Provisionals w^re issued in
IMS, IS4S and 1547, and the rare Confederate
stamps in 1863. Besides these there aro
many old issues of regular United States
stamps that are rare, and bring good
prices when sold.
The most valuable stamps in the world
are the first issues of the Island of Mau
ritius, a smalt British possession off tho
coast of Africa. Although bet we. n
twenty and thirty are known, the last sold
brought more than SSOOO when of
fered In Paris about :i year ago.
Prisoner at the Bar (to magistrate) —
Tour worship, would you mind hurrying
up my casf a little? It's almost twelve
o'clock, and if I'm to go to jail, I'd like
to get there in time for dinner.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
giglPi^Ußßi Is removed by DR. and MRS
SSTw«,i*i«? A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoa
HvSaSV^I building. 1170 Market St.. cor.
Kv-JST/2ml Taylor, rooms 2S-2S. with the
rt^Sji ;«j electric needle, without pain or
jK^b^i^r-*W soar. Moles, warts, wrinkles.
fjOty L*&3 blackheads, freckles. birth-
W "V ~^3BB mark?, etc.. also removed. Per-
Wffis£|jg|H^B manency guaranteed. Hours, 1
WRINKLES
Removed and face rejuvenated by my newly
discovered electrical process 'or $50 to $200. Sea
what the world's preatest serpentine dancer.
LOIE FULLER. .
says about the skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM.
"I certainly can recommend your delightful
cream as one of the best things for Its pur-
pose I have ever used."
Autograph letter can be seen at office of
A. W. TRAVERSE. M. D.
2728
BOOKS OF THE DAY
OF Harold Frederic, the au
thor of 'The Markei P
I English critic
I - itructive
s nothing that
Is si. • ■ thing
md binds every
in« - i -
I
was
md student of human
natui • is real
_ to their situa
■ ■. • ■ ment, which is the
in author can give to his
: the awkward
ami . sing forced ippearance —
I' identity through
• a character's indi
> . . ility. His people follow a rational
havior, their deeds pass Into
position, and ere tve close the
.in pruess what they would do
in almost any situation. In the "Dam
nktion of Theron War..-" we m<
crude character, whose will
■i behind his judgment, whose in
.■n prevented performance and
who, when thrown by fate within the
■ deep int< ■ emo
-.. influences goes to wreck for
very lack of fiber and Inability to get
■ shes small
In "The Mark
: Lerest of a man
. • ■ be rich and
powerful, whi' lets no disco
daunt his purpose and who Inevitably
: al. His ]
by a desire to be doing always c
thini: have In views
he is deten
thing hi hi for, some
wall h< :. usi beat bis
through, and his st ru
are both sen ial ai The false
philoso] hy of something Cor n
: nergy k. Eps I h< ■■« ss,
but affects him
noon's ■
coulii . md th.it he « ■ uld h- ye
■ to sleep.
Financially, the 1 k deals with th?
Is, -.*. hi ■- ; -- •cr sure
y shocked London; socially, with
English country life and Wesi Ei I
aristocracy. All Mr. Frederic - -
have an ethical value, are planned with
ji true know ledge ■ I
and built with si fui handlii
:
He bad I nuity to ■
ncr ;,, prest ni his
pes. He began his c .
aper writer, rose rayi
ter i" editor, and learned through
- ihe valu
■l unity. He is considi red bj
many one of • ■ st authi i
this decade. His mildest admirer
FRATERNAL NEWS
MAS*
Terl Buena Lodge of Perfection of this
city has made arrangements to go to Sac
ramento next Saturday to pay a frater
nal visit to the Lodge of Perfection in
that city and at the same time confer the
degrees or. candidates for admission inlo
that lodge.
THE EASTERN STAR,
The most worthy grand matron, Mrs.
Pierce, announces the following visita
tions. Truckee, July 8; Grass Valley, 17;
Nevada City. 18; Dutch Flat, 20; Mission
Chapter, San Francisco, 22; Century
Chapter, San Francisco. 27; Harmony
Chapter, San Franoiso, August 4; ■Ever
more. 7; Carita Chapter, Alameda, 9; ban
Jo=e 15 Golden Gate Chapter. San Fran
cisco 17: San Leandro, 18; Ivy Chapter,
Pan Francisco, 22; Olive Branch Chapter,
Fan Francisco. 23. and Unity chapter,
Oakland. August 23. , .
Mrs. Pierce was in Virginia Cit> re
cently during- the session of the Grand
Lodge F and A M.. and was present at
nn entertainment Riven by the chapter of
That city to the Grand Lodge officers. She
was also one of a party that visited the
great Sutro tunnel. The party entered the
tunnel at half-past 1 in the afternoon and
did not leave it until half-past 6 o clock.
The grand patron, Dr. Lawrence nfLos
Anseres, expects to Institute another
chapter In the southern part of the btate.
He will probably be" in this city in Au-
P The chapter in Sacramento recently cel
ebrated the twentieth anniversary of its
institution in grand style and there was a
large attendance. This chapter is doing
w*-il and in proof of this it is necessary
only to state that candidates are initiated
at every meeting.
ORDER OF THE AMARANTH.
Crescent Court No. 1 of the Order of the
Amaranth was presided over -at its meet-
Ing on the Ist lnst. by Honored Lady
Malgren, royal matron, and Sir Knight
Frank B. La"dd. royal patron. Three can
didates were admitted by Initiation and a
like number of petitions were received to
r-e acted upon at the next meeting-. The
court has pained so much In finances that j
It has resolved to move into more conge- ■
rial quarters, and it is probable that the
meeting on the 15th inst. will be held in
one of the halls of the Native Sons' build
ing. •
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
The visit of Grand Patriarch J. W. Har
ris to Occidental Encampment in Sacra
mento on the last Tuesday In June was
a very Interesting fraternal gathering. I
The grand patriar.ch was accompanied on !
his visit by Colonel H. O. Brower and I
Past Chief" Patriarchs John Thompson
and Frederick Flllmor*?. The visitors were j
received at the train by a committee from
the encampment and escorted to a hotel,
■where they were met by about forty
members of Sacramento Canton and re
ceived with appropriate honors. They
were then escorted to the encampment
hall, where the patriarchal degree was
conferred, after which there was a ban- i
quet, at which O. W. Erlewine, P. G. P.,
presided, and addresses were made by
Colonel Brower, F. Fiilmore and • John
Thompson, P. C. P.'s; J. W. Johnson, S. !
"\VV, C. W. Burke. P. C. P.; Samuel B. |
Smith. P. G. P.. the grand patriarch and
others. i
On Sunday, the Ist inst., Rev. J. 8.
Keard. who is a member of Pacific Lodge ;
No 155, preached a sermon on "Piety, i
Patriotism and Fraternity" to the mem-!
bers of the lodge in the Methodist Epis
copal Church, corner of Capp and Twenty- !
first streets. It was a masterly sermon '
and was listened to with marked atten- j
tion by all.
Last Wednesday night Grand Patriarch
Harris paid an official visit to Tracy En
campment in Tracy.
The officers of Morse Lodge were In
stalled last Wednesday night by Deputy
A. H. Nowell: those of Farnsworth Lodge
will be installed on Wednesday night
next; the officers of Yerba Buena Lodge
were Installed last Thursday night by
Deputy S. R. Jacobs, and after the cere
monies there was a social hour in the
banquet hall.
On the Fourth there -was a grand time
at Tracy In consequence of tb« dedication,
of the Odd Fellows' new hall at that
place. The affair was conducted by Dep
uty Grand Master J. L. Robinette, acting
ps erand master, C. M. Kenlston acting
as deputy grand master and Grand Sec
retary George T. Shaw acting as grand
usher. There was a large turnout of the
people of that place and during the day
there was a programme as follows under
the auspices of Sumner Lodge: . Opening
address by F. O. Housken, president of
the day: remarks by the chairman of the
building committee, the dedication of the
hall by the acting grand master, J. L,
Kobine'tte and other officers, singing of
"America" by school children, remarks
by C M. Keniston, oration by M. T.
Moses of San Francisco, singing of
"Columbia" by a choir and "Home, Sweet
Home" by the audience. In the evening
there were fireworks and a bail. The new
building which replaces the one that was
dedicated July 2, 1597, and destroyed by
fire June 19, IS9B, is a two-story structure,
in which will meet Sumner Lodge, Tracy
Encampment and Samaria Rebekah Lodge
of the Odd Fellows. Wept Side T^odee of
Knights of Pythias, Tracy Parlor of the
Native Sons, El Pescadero Parlor of the
V_ * •
"Wiii bring in over four hundred thousand pounds and close trje corner."
must at least concede that "The Mar
ket Place" approaches very close to
greatness.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
BOCK NOTES.
The Lot! - Company is
•■ n. w ston by :\ ;
Harland, • A'heri Grandmamma
Native Daughters V ge of the A.
O. U. W. ai Saw Log Camp of the
Woodmen < f th< World.
THK REBEKAHS.
On the night of the Ist inst. the follow- \
ing officers of Mission Rebekah i
were installed by Deputy Mrs. I
Duley, assisted by Mrs. Cora Corl
marshal: Mrs. M. G. Barnes, N. G.; Mrs.
P. C. Burkharat, V. G.; Mrs. L. C. Wat
son, S.; Miss Gertrude Wimmer, C; Mrs.
L. B. Holcomb, K. 8.; Mrs. Mary Quin
i ton. L. S. to N. G.; Mary Mora, W.; Miss
I Lucy Quinton, C. : Mrs. Maud Tim-
I brell, I. G.. and J. Noonan. O. G. Tho fol
> lowing were named as the entertaii
' committee: P. C. Burkhardt. Rena ''r.av
'. ford and Gertrude \Vimmer. After the
ceremonies \V. \v. Watson, on
the lodge, presented Miss Wimmer. ths
retiring past noble grand, a beautiful
jewel indicative of her rank in tho order
as a recognition of her faithful and zeal
- work while she was in the chairs.
The officers of Oriental Rebekah Lodge
were installed, last Wednesday night by
■ Mrs. HattiH Duley, D. D. P., and at the.
! close of the installation Mrs. Lena Jarvis, '
! the retiring past noble grand, was made ;
1 the recipient of a very fine jewel and a
i collar. Mrs. Jarvis during the time she
: • ! the chairs up to the time that she
reached the highest position in the lodyx 1
and during her term In that chair ai:d j
that of past grand by her cordiality and ■
fairness toward the members end
j herself to them in such a degree that It '
'■■ was with the greatest pleasure that each
1 contributed to the fund t«> purchase the
i tokens of affection and appreciation. ThQ
'; address of presentation had such an effect
; upon Mrs. Jarvis that. sh>> expressed her
thanks in woman's must eloquent manner I
—tears of Joy.
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho. secretary of th 3
' Assembly of California, is spending a two
weeks' vacation at Harbin Spring?.
The officers of Amity Lodge were in
j stalled last night by Deputy Mrs. Duley.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Deputy John T. Kidd has announced the !
I following Installations: July 13. Golden j
j Gate Ixwige, in Shiels building: 20th, Eu- j
, reka Valley Lr>dge, in Twin Peaks Hall; ;
'■ 25th, Fairmount Lodge, in Silk's Hall on i
Precita avenue; and on the 28th, Crocker '
Lodge, in Mission Masonic Hall.
On the night of the Ist inst. Grand Rep
resentative Judge George H. Bahrs,
P. G. M. W., paid a visit to Spartan Lodge
(of which he is a member) and told the <
assembled membership of what he had
. done at the session of the Supreme Lodge !
■ recently htld in Indianapolis.
The Old Friends' Lodge had a pleasant '
; meeting last Thursday night, there being \
quite a large attendance. This, the baby ■
lodge, is doing well.
The officers of Unity Lodge No. 27 will I
be publicly installed next Tuesday even- |
Ing In Laurel Hall. Bhiels building. An
entertainment and dance will follow.
Thp numbers of the Alameda County ;
lodges made a fine display in the Hay- ;
: wards parade on the Fourth of July, there
being nearly 200 members in line.
The lodges of Alameda County have or
ganized for extension work and through a
i specially appointed committee propose to i
; do good work during the next fc«w months, i
i They are assisted in their work by Dep- '
! utv Saunders.
Grand Overseer C. E. Snook is visiting
Mci docino County In the Interest of the
j order and i« accompanied on, the trip by ;
' Deputy Wells.
In the city of Boston on June 30. the eve
' of the meeting of the Grand Lodge of
Massachusetts, there was a procession of
members of the order in that city, and
' they numbered in excess of 5000.
DEGREE OF HONOR, A. O. U. W.
Dawn of Hope Lodge, Degree of Honor,
at its meeting on the Ist inst., had a good
attendance and the recorder announced
that the semi-annual report and the per
capita tax had b»-en sent on. Arrange
ments were completed for the installation
of officers for the ensuing term. Invita
tions were sent to all the Degree of
Honor lodges in Alameda and San Fran
' ci6co counties to be present Ht the meet
ing on the following Saturday, when the
officers weio to be inducted into office.
A large number of the members attended
the picnic at Hay-wards Park on the
Fourth and had a pleasant day of it.
"The Horribles" were horribly late in
: placing themcelves on exhibition, but they
; were, from a horrible standpoint, all
right. Last night the installation of the
1 officers of this lodge was a great success
, and after the ceremony, which was wjt
nessed by many members of the order
'■ and friends of the lodge, refreshments
: were served and a programme of enter
| talnment was furnished that will serve to
make the event one long remembered by
• all who were present.
' Last Thursday nipht the officers of Sil
ver Star Lodge were installed by District
• I't-puty Miss Loreta Donnelly assisted by
Mrs. E. F. Mayon and Miss M. H. Ohea.
I Last Thursday night Myrtle Lodge of
'. East Oakland initiated twelve candidates.
: The members of Ivy Lodge drill -team had
■ been invited to do the work, but as a
great number of the members were on
: vacation in the country the work was per
. fornnd by the officers of the lodge. After
! the initiation there was served a very
i fint supper.
► i The officers of Ivy Lodge- will be ln
THE BAN ITRAjN CISCO CAX-Ij, BU^MY, JTJLiY 9, 1899.
Was New"; also "The True Stnry of La
. ' by Elbridge Brooks." and "Cap-
Kodak," '»>■ Alexander Black.
Richard Carvel" la now in Its fifth edl
tion. Twenty thousand copies were sold
in three weeks. St. Douls, the author's
birthplace, seems the only city too busy
to i cad his work.
A second edition of "TriPtmm Lacy,"
caustically humorous novel, Is an-
Macn ilia n ( lompany
within three weeks of Its publication.
■! nn the night of the 12th.
On the Fourth of July the Degree of
Honor lodg a took pair in the parade in
that place- and made an excellent show-
ing.
The reports from trie variour lodges to
rder, Mrs. K. M. Po
shows a '-■ od Q the beneficial
membership of the order. This year, po
fur. there has been but one death. The
officers of the order are bending their
. b to s< curing members for the ben
..: branch.
THE NATIVE SONS.
"The Forty-Nir.ers," composed of mem
| bers nf San Francisco Parlor No. 49, have
completed all arrangements for their
grand outing at Schuctzen Park on the
Inst
The officers of El Dorado Parlor were
Installed last night by J. J. Handley, D.
D. G. P. After the Installation there was
a grand banquet at a restaurant near by.
T!..' officers of San FrancißCo Parlor
w.-re installed last Friday night by Dep
uty Daniel A. Ryan and their installation
was followed by a banquet-
Grand President Mattison has appointed
J. L. Mann of Watsonville Parlor deputy
for Santa f'ruz, Santa Clara and Sail Ben
ito cou:
(, fliers of California Parlor will be
installed next Thursday night. There will
be several initiations the same night. The
parlor's committee haa prepared a fine en
tertainment for members and guests.
The committee of California Parlor No.
1 has made arrangements with the man
agement of the international cakewalk
2000 tickets, which will be good any
afternoon and evening during the week
commencing Ju!y IS. The proceeds will
be devoted to the 1900 fund of this parlor.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Miss E. A. Spencer, past grand presi
dent, left yesterday for Kentucky, where j
she -will probably make her home for the
future.
Supplies have been sent to deputies for
three parlors to be instituted shortly.
Grand President Mrs. Sifford expects to
institute a new parlor in Santa Paula.
The officers of Alta Parlor were in
stalled on the night of the Ist inst., and
after the installation there was a colla
tion for the members.
The officers of Oro Fino Parlor were In
stalled last night by Mrs. J. A. Steinbach,
D. D. G. P.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
Pacific Tent No. 64 gave a most enjoy
able brnoker on July 3. The programme
was one of the best ever given In this city
and the members of this tent are entitled
to great credit for the admirable manner
in which the affair was conducted. Al
though but three weeks old. Pacific Tent
was cnabied to close its charter with nine
ty names enrolled, and if rustling counts
for anything this tent will compel the old
er ones to look to their laurels before many ;
months have passed. At their last review I
Commander J. K. Ross, on behalf of Pa
cific Tent, presented Deputy Ermenns
with a magnificent gold-headed cane in
appreciation of his work for this tent.
Sir Knight Ross made a most appropriate
i presentation speech. Sir Knight Ermer
i ins being taken entirely by surprise, was
I nearly speechless, but managed to cx
i press a few words of thanks in response.
Golden West Tent No. 58 is still on the
boom and notwithstanding that last Tues
day was the Fourth it was compelled to
hold a short meeting in order to act upon
I a number of applications. On next Tlies
! day this tent will hold its regular monthly
distribution, free to its members. Instal- i
1 lation of officers also occurs at this time. |
On July 18 the charter of this tent will be
Closed and it is safe to predict that the
: tent will exceed 300 in number by that
State Commander Hall left last Wednes
day to attend the Supreme T^nt review
which will be held in Port Huron. Mich.,
! July 18. ,
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Last Monday night Mrs. Ellen Fitzger
ald, assisted by Mrs. Oppenheimer, the
grand chaplain, and Mrs. Mary B. Price
as grand guide, installed the officers of
Aurora Lodge in the presence of a goodly
number of the members of the lodge and
Borne visitors. The officers who were In
ducted Into officer for the current term
i are: Mrs. L. J. Wheeloek. P. P.; W. C.
i Hearn, P.; Annie Thompson, V. P.; Mrs.
L B Holcomb, R. S. : Mrs. L. A. Rapp,
F S. ; Dr. A. S. Cook, T.; Sarah David
son, C; Frances Williams, G.; Helena
Hearn, guard; Bell Lee, sentinel, and
Edith Proctor, captain of the guard.
Last Wednesday night Mrs. Emma R.
O'Donnell visited San Jose, where she in
stalled the officers of Terba Buena
Lodge. . . _
Last night a number of the grand of
ficers went to Vallejo, where they in
stalled the officers of Marion Lodge. .
A SURPRISE PARTY.
Last week a party of members of Au
rora Lodge, Knights and Ladies of
Honor, went to Mill Valley to pay a sur
prise visit to Mrs. L. A. Rapp, the finan
cial secretary of the lodge. They found
her at the home of Mrs. C. Martin, her
daughter, and one by one the visitors en
tered the house to congratulate her on
the anniversary of her birth. The visi
tors in addition to good wishes, each
gave her a token in remembrance of the
visit. Those who wore present were:
Meedames G. M. Martin. L. J. Wheeloek.
E R. Kinsman, Fannie Igo, H. Kava
nagh, B. Bell, T. James, N. J. J. Weeks,
E T Berry. S. Davidson, E. L. Sund
berg,' Annie Thorp. Z. T. Whltten. F. J.
Williams, A. A. Hutchinson, L. B. Hol
comb, T. Smith, G. Neubar, T. Thomp-,
Strong Characters Ably %
Portrayed in Harold ?
Frederic's Work. «
Cassell & Co. are about to publish the
"Royal Academy Picture?" for 1899. The
pictures are reproduced on a scale bui
ttly large to enable purchasers to
form an excellent idea of the originals.
"Stories- of Mother Earth," a textbook
for supplementary reading, has been re
ceived from the Whitaker Ray -Publish
ing Company.
Ovei ■ plea of "When Knighthood
Was in Flower" have '<■■ • n b Id - cc its
publication. The story is now being dra
matized for Julia Marlowe, and great suc
cess is predicted for the production.
Marine Blue Book.
The rapid creation of deep general in
terest in maritime matters and naval af
fairs since the war with Spain and the
fart that ship yards of all the coasts as
well as the great lakes are filled with
work for two or three years tb come have
contributed to make the 1899 edition of
'the Blue Book of American Shipping,
which is .iust from the press, an apparent
Justification of the publishers' claim that
it is the most valuable work on shipping
ever issued in this country. The Blue
Book, known as the only marine and
naval directory of the United States, Is
this year more handsomely illustrated
than ever, and is in more handy form
than ever. It Is not only a hook of
reference for the ship builder, ship owner
and naval architect, and the merchants
and manufacturers who have dealings
•with these. Interests, btit it contains also
a hundred or more pages devoted to sta
tistics of water commerce and to general
information regarding the merchant ma
Snug Home in a Boiler Almost Cost a Miners Life
SHUT up In an old steam boiler with
a bear and a rattlesnake.
That was the experience of Jake
Aklrlch a few days ago, and he
. says that It Is the tightest box he
ever got Into, and he has been in
a good many. Jake is a prospector who
for over a year has been working out
in the mountains a few miles from Dia
mond Springs, El Dorado County. Near
where Jake has been working is an aban
doned engine boiler, with all the machin
ery including the boiler. The house tha
enclosed the machinery has all bee
blown down, so that the boiler stand
out in the open air. The boiler is on
of the old-fashioned kind without flue?.
Early in the year it stmrk Jake tha
this boiler would be a pretty good plac
to sleep in, as it was warm and dry an
perfectly impervious to the heavy rain
that fall in the vicinity. So he took ou
the manhole gasket, which was a big on
located at the end of the boiler close t
tho bottom, and moved it.
}{o found that It was just what he ha<
been lnokinig for. Dark, of course, bu
as warm as a house. By knocking off
smim pipe connection at the other en<
of the boiler the ventilation was perfec
and-no dnnger of getting wet.
For months Jake enjoyed his sleeptn
apartment in the boiler and was the env
of all the miners for miles around. Pu
last Monday night there was troubk
That's when the bear and the snake go
in. At least that's when the bear got in
When the snake got in is a mystery. 1
may have been hibernating under Jake'
blankets all winter for all he knows; bu
he doeß know that It was there last Mon
day night.
Jake went to bed at his usual time
about dark— and as the night was a litt
warm concluded to leave the manhol
open.
He went to sleep instantly, but some
hours later was awakened by a queer
sound at the end of the boiler. Rising
in his blankets Jnke reached for his min
ers' matches. These are the kind that
will burn several minutes. Striking one
he was for a moment blinded by the glare.
Then it flickered and went out.
Before he could strike another Jake be
came conscious of a sniffling down at the
far end of the boiler. Then he got fright
ened, and when he reached for his match
box he couldn't find it.
He felt here and there, all the time con
scious that the sniffling was coming his
way. Cold sweat came out all over him
and a frenzy seized him. He wanted to
make a rush for the manhole, but fear
held him to the spot.
Then he felt for his matches again, and
this time put his hand right on them.
Striking one. his horror was incr
Before him stood a big bear. At sight of
the light the bear became frightened and
went back to the end of the boiler.
Jake's first impulse was to draw his
revolver and fire, but he had a tear that
he might miss the bear or not hit a vital
spot and so he kept his matches burnin?
in order to keep the bear at bay until he
could think out a plan of flight.
son M. B. Price, Miss Jennie Igo and
Messrs. W. B. Faulkner, Jack Kavanagh
and George F. Martin Jr.
During ihe afternoon there was an Im
promptu programme of enjoyment.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Last Monday night the supreme officers
In a body Installed the officers of Lincoln
Lodge in their lodgeroom In the Odd Fel
lows' building. The new officers are: Mrs.
M Trennell, P. P.; Mrs. Susan Tryon, P.;
Mrs. M. Mack. V. P.; Mrs. H. Bryant. T.;
Miss Ella Waldo, F. S.; Miss Carrie May
ers, R. 6.; Miss Jennie Trennell, M.; Miss
Annie Sharp, W.; Miss May Burnes, I.
G. ; Will King, O. G. At the close of the
ceremonies the most modest member of
the lodge on behalf thereof presented to
Mrs. Raymond, the retiring past presi
dent, a very fine collar of her rank iv the
! "THE MARKET PLACE" |
"Without hesitation. Wrote several lines rapidly."
rine and navy. Amnng noteworthy feat
ures incorporated in the ISM edition is a
comprehensive history of the year in
. verything pertaining to the construction
and *na\ Igatlon of v< aa
The directory part of tais publication
contains particulars of American steam
and sail vessels, with names and ad
dresses of owners, separated as to coasts.
Western rivera and great lakes; lists of
ship owners, ship and engine butldi rs,
naval architects, marine engineers,
masters and members of various organi
zations madi up from the navy and
merchant marin"; particulars of vessels
of the United Starrs navy; heads of Gov
ernnrnT bureaus in the United States and
Canada connected with shipping: steam
ship lines— including tlu.se (.pirating to
foreign ports with details of service,
principal offices and names and addresses
Tlie Biii-> Book is published by the
Marine Review Publishing: Company,
Cleveland, and will be forwarded to any
address upon receipt of $o.
The Commonplace Novel Writer.
The strain for atmosphere and color in
the ordinary novel and short story taxes
to the limit the patience of the reader.
Why must color be forced upon us in this
guise? "No," sighs Stephanie, lifting her
strawberry water-ice Blowly to her lipa
from the exquisite cut-glass dish and
holding the antique spoon absently In her
beautiful tapering hand while her blue
eves heavily lashed and browed, looked
past' the butler in livery through the
heavy plate-glass windows across the
"WTiile this frttuatlon was at Jts most
strained point Jake's blood almost froze
in his brains, for the whirr of a rattle
snake struck his ear.
It wns in the hoiipr. rlpht In front of
him and between him and the hear.
The first move was made by the bear,
through the manhole.
This aroused Jake to his senses. The
match had almost burned his finders
when his nerve came back, and he took
careful aim over the sights of his re
order. The presentation was followed by
a supper in an adjoining hall, where after
the meal had been discussed there were
a number of congratulatory remarks.
Last Wednesday night the supreme of
ficers installed the officers of Mizpati
Lodge In Mission Opera Hall in the pres
ence of a large number of members of the
order, and the work was done In a most
crieditable manner. The installation was
followed by a sumptuous supper and
speech-making.
On Thursday night the same officers
Installed the officers of America Lodge.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST,
F. OF A.
On the night of the 27tfi of last month
Mlzpah Circle gave its previously an
nounced social, which In every sense of
the word was a great success. The special
magnificent and extensive parks of her
noble ancestors. Will the dialogue never
get beyond "No"? Then, again: "Away!"
shrieks the heroine, dashing through the
heavy carved mahogany doors, with her
stately form drawn to its magnificent
■ . the beauty of her figure enhanced
by the perfect tit of hor He<lfern gown,
thai fell about her in rustling silken
Will she never get away and will
Mr. Gushwriter never come to the point?
NEW BOOKS RECEIVED.
THE KINSHIP OF SOULS, by Reuen
Thomas, is a beautiful story of travel
nnd the Influence of scenery and person
ality upon the human soul. Ismene, the
hemine, meets in her travels Mr. War
wick Langley, a man of intelligence and
honor but with few reverences and no
great ambitions. By her sweet womanly
influence she changes the whole current of
his thought and life and makes him real
ize th.-it the bulk of life is made up of
Berious things: that earnestness is the one
road to development. The book is some
what pedantic but very readable.
MEZZOTINTS IN MODERN MUSIC—
By James Huneker. Charles Scribner's
Sons, New York. Cloth, $1 50. A. book
of great interest to musicians and
lovers of music, telling in seven es-
Fays much that is interesting and valua
ble about the works of Strauss, Chopin.
Liszt and Riohanl Wagner. It contains
a pertinent chapter on the music of the
future and lights pianists along the
"Royal Road to Parnassus." Its phrase
ology and literary merit are of the first
volver and blew the head off the rattle
snake just as it was poised to strike.
Victory now aroused Jake's sportsman
blood. He wanted the bear.
< 'limbing: out as quickly as he could, he
mw bruin sitting on his haunches a few
feet from the boiler. At sight of Jake
he turned to run. but a pistol ball caught
him between the shoulders and stopped
him. He concluded to fight Jake, and
made a fierce attack, maddened as tie was
by the pain of his wound.
(\ Fight to the Death In Close Quarters.
feature of the evening was the "walk for
dat cake," which was equal to any that
ever was given by professionals, and the
winners of the two prizes offered were
E. Sweeney and Jeannette Draper as the
first couple and A. Dolan and Miss Wes
sell as the second. The event took place
in the Potrero Opera-house. This circle
will give another social on the night of
the 27th tnst.
The installation of the officers of Robin
Hood Circle, which was to have been held
on last Wednesday night, has been post
poned until the 19th inst. A farce by the
young ladies of the circle will follow the
installation ceremonies.
On the 26th inst. the members of Lore
ley Circle will give a grand social in the
social hall of the Alcazar building.
The attendance at Palo Alto Circle last
Wednesday was a model of what circle
order and whether we agree with what
the author says or not we find that his
book has that quality which prevents its
being closed -whenMonceJt is opened.
Everything about our NEW
POSSESSIONS— By Thomas J. Vivian and
ri pip Smith R. F. Fenno & Co., New
York Cloth 60 cents. A handy little
volume containing all .that is of value to
sHSsssfess^a teas
S^o^rcl^^nls
from scores of volumes on library shelves.
MAGAZINES FOR JULY.
The Century.
The Century, besides the usual interest
ing and educational features, contains an
arUcle on "The Making of Robinson Cru
see." the only English book that rivals
••The Pilgrim's Progress." in popularity
The history of Alexander the Great now
running in this magazine, has awakened
considerable popular interest One critic
of this scholarly work goes so . far as to
say that the great soldier has waited over
2000 years to be accorded his due as man
and empire builder.
Pall Mall.
The Pall Mall for July contains an ex
haustive article on the" phase* of modern
architecture In Chicago, by £**«":£;?:
Wight, a leading architect of that city,
a discussion of the Anslo-Araerican en
tente, by Lord Charles Bererford; an in
structive article on wireless telegraphy,
fully Illustrated, the third of Mr.-- iiig
ginbottom's silhouettes in Parliament and
a severe criticism by W. E. Henley of the
Daily Telegraph's recently published list
of "The Hundred Best Novels. As to
fiction. Mr. Wells contributes "The \ a
cant Country." and there are several
other short stories. '
The Cosmopolitan.
The Cosmopolitan prints .an article by
Harry Thurston Peck on "Balzac and His
Work," with illustrations selected by Bai
sac himself to illustrate the "Comedie
Humalne"; the initial chapter of "The
Building of an Empire," by John Brisben
Walker; "Tea Drinking in Many Lands.
a most entertaining bit of description by
Laura Starr, a continuation of the series
of articles on "The Organization of a
Home," Borne strong fiction and poetry
and other articles of interest.
Scribner's Magazine.
Scrlbner's of July Is more than usually
interesting, containing articles on "The
Foreign Mail Service at New York,
"Daniel Webster," "Havana Since the
Occupation," "Public Manners of Women
and The English Voice on the American
Stage." There are poems by Benjamin
Blood and Carolyn Wells, humor by Joe
Chandler Harris and fiction by Blis3
Perry.
McClure's Magazine.
McClura's gives a complete account of
the automobile as seen to-day, explaining
its cost, how it is operated and just what
it will do. The recent developments will
be a surprise to most readers. There is
a biographical sketch of Rudyard Kip
ling, an account of the "Soldier Police of
the Canadian Northwest" and some
strong, wholesome fiction contributed by
Stephen Crane, J. H. Cranson and others.
Cassell's Magazine.
An article of special interest is printed
in the July number on "Sardou as a Stage
Manager." The author of "Robespierre"
is classed as one of the few great stage
managers of Europe and, with Henry
Irving, given the first rank. It contain*
besides a scientific article entitled "A
Kodak in the Clouds," the first of a series
of articles; "London by Night," called
"Next Day's Dinner,' 1 and the Initial
chapters of Guy Boothby's new serial
story, "A Maker of Nations."
Alnslee's Magazine.
The July number contains, beside some
clever stories from the pens of young
American writers articles on "The Log
of an Ocean Pilot," "The Food We Eat,"
"A Search for Pirate Gold" and a strong
satire by an anonymous writer entitled
"The Literary Weather Bureau."
Ah the bear came near Jake pulled the
trigger of his revolver, but the cartridge
missed flre. The bear made a jump and
knocked him over, but before he reached
the ground Jake had put a bullet in the
ponderous creature's heart.
This ended the fight. 4 Then Jake crawled
back into his boiler, threw out the dead
snake and went to sleep.
Next morning he was up bright and
early to overhaul the game he had bagged
during the night.
meetings, as to number?, should be. In
addition to the membership there was a
good attendance of visitors. During the
evening there was a reception tei |
the grand chief companion. Mrs. Flora
Jacobs, an account of which appeared in
the local columns on lust Thursday. Th«
installation of the officers of this circle
will be held on the 19th inst.
Last Wednesday night the officer's of
Live Oak Circle were installed by Grand
Chief Companion Mrs. Flora Jacobs, who
was assisted by the modest member of
Inter Nos as grand marshal. The new
officers are: Mrs. Jennie Weisel. past
chief companion; Mrs. Bessie Harris,
chief companion; Mrs. J. F. Spellman'
sub-chief; N. Rothman. financial secre
tary; Mrs. E. J. N. Steinwig, recording
Continued on Page Thirty-Two.• -Dainty Minnie Palmer" is tl
mind in looking at the graceful pos
first appearance in England in 1883
--more charming and chic than ever,
viewed actresses on the stage are hei
typical of an individual class. Her
TWO actors disappear from the
local stage this week. Edward
Morgan leaves the Miller com
pany, to go East and rest and
rehearse against the work of
jext season. Lewis Morrison tempo
rarily forsakes the. stock company at
the Alcazar on account of an Illness
that has been giving him considerable
■n of late. Morgan's departure is
nothing short of a disaster. He is an
are humannesß, one who
seems to have profited by Hamlet's in
struction to the player, an artist to
the last word. Blessed as he is with
good looks and warm magnetic pres
ence, it were an easy matter for Mr.
Morgan to play upon his personal
blandishments and woo the matinee
i in smooth style. But that Fort
of thing seems to tind no place in the
ambitions of this young actor. He is
as nincere as Irving, without any of
that noble knight's paltry stage, tricks;
he comes, as I have said before, "fresh
from iife. instead of stale frosp the
Ftage," with dramatic strength and
dramatio tact that are surpassing, j
Seldom is it that we have an oppor
tunity to offer up a young actor as
a model for his fellow craftsmen, but
I think that there Is hardly an actor
in America who could not profit by
studying the methods of Morgan. He
is absolutely natural; he seems to
know nothing about the ancient and
dishonorable tricks of stagecraft. He
expresses the emotions as a full-blood
ed you or I would In similar circum
stances In real life. His .reserve and
powers of suggestion are almost as
potent as those of William Gillette;
hla temperament Is warmly magnetic,
ready for any Intense moment and
never exposing Its limitations.
The more I see of Morgan the more
am I convinced that he Is one of the
big actors of our time. Given the good
health that I hear Is now denied him.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^ 2 1
±r + ;
I f °Be^n^ ek CHARLES FROHMAN
HISS!? _-^gg£gg-11JL = :
MONDAY, | ■
+ f
Mr. HENRY
MILLER
AND
A SPECIAL COMPANY.
First Time In Tfals Country Outside of New
York.
The Empire Theater Success,
"LORD and
LADY ALGY,"
By R. C. Carton. Author of "Liberty Hall."
"Th* Home Secretary." Eto.
The New York Critics'
So n n° A GREAT SUCCESS. vu 5 P S
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S H. Friedlander. Manager.
Lest Ar.r^ran.,. To-nlohto«Bv«jl>odjr-«
Favorite. L. K. KTOCKWtLL,
In Hoyt's Funniest Comedy,
••f\ MIDNIGHT BELL."
r-? 5C inr-» f^ f\ t
POSITIVELY FAREWELL PERFORMANCES.
Lambardi Grand Italian Opera Company.
To-morrow NiKht by Special Request.
••MIGNON."
Tuesday Ni^ht by Special Request.
"THE BARBER OF SEVILLE.
Repetto Boctecni. Rossi. Poletini. Barducol,
Überto Ferarl, Uadaracco. Bu&ameul,
Russo, TravaKlini, Vizzar-
delli. Berganl.
All These Great Principals Will Appear In Both
Casts. .
The Greatest Combination of Artists That Hare
Ever Appeared in Two Operas.
POPULAR PRICES.
Thursday. July 18— BLANCHE BATES AND
COMPANY. ■
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, JULY 9, AT 2«30 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION. lOr; CHILDREN. Be
Bathing, Including Admission, Children. 20c.
WITH Play AND Player
Ie thought that passes through one's
es above. Miss Palmer made her
-a long time ago, yet she is to-day
It is said that the two most inter
self and Sarah Bemhardt — each as
• greatest success has been in "The
there is no reason why he -should not
write his name in the history of the
American theater. Mansfield and
Goodwin are no longer youngsters, and
neither is especially model in the mod-
I em drama, whereas Morgan is the per-
I sonification of Modernity.
He holds the mirror up to the mod
ern passions and manners better than
any other man that I have seen on
the stage. The romantic and poetic
drama is ever with us, but day by day
I the straight-away picture of contem-
I porary life is forcing to the front, and
I in this Mr. Morgan will find his own.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Columbia.
San Francisco will be the second city
', in this country to have the opportunity tn
: pass judgment upon the comedy "Lord
and Lady Algy," the play that hoi. is a
record of an entire season at the Empire
Theater, New York, and a run of over
tight, months In London. Charles Froh
nian will present Henry Miller and the
i special company now at the Columbia
i Theater- in the ('urton piece on Monday
[ night and it is promised that the play
i will be given an unusually elaborate
staging.
The story of the play is as follows:
Lord and Lady Algernon <"hetland have
i separated, partly from want of money,
and partly from incompatibility of tastes.
i She has gone to live with her aunt, and he
dwells In the flat. While Lord Algy in
I thus situated, his elder brother, the Mar
quis of Quarmby, prevails on him to
lend his rooms for a meeting with a lady
whose name is not mentioned. Meanwhile
! Brabason Tudway. a wealthy hone boiler
i with social ambitions. Implores Algy to
attend a fancy dress ball, which is to be
given at Tudway's house In Mayfair,
while the proprietor is away in the. coun
i try on business, and remonstrates with
| Mrs. Tudway on her giddiness and general
! indifference to the proprietor. Now, it la
precisely this Mrs. Tudway with whom
I the Marquis is to have the meeting. Algy
goes to the ball, dressed as the great Duke
of Marlborough, but unfortunately gets
tipsy before hr> arrives there. Tudway,
pom'chow or other, conceives the Idea that
it is Algy who has fascinated Mrs.
! Tudway, and Instead of going into the
country the bone boiler repairs to the ball
'at his "own house In the mask and cos
AMUSEMENTS. • • ■
CALIFORNIA THEATER
B. H. FRIEDLANDER • Sol LesSee and Manner.
I LIMITED ENGAGEMENT OF >2m*> )
j LIMITED ENGAGEMENT OF :t ':
\ W\,ysi/ &2 WEEKS. . V^^-L/
********** MB. FRATVLEY takes great pleasure la > *^W«* < '**
presenting
Miss BLANCHE BATES
And COMPANY OF PLAYERS,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY and SUN-
DAY NIGHTS and SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE LATH AUC3U3TIN DALY'S MOST SUCCESSFUL COMEDY.
THE LASTJVORD.
THE COMPANY :
HOFB ROfi«? ' ; ". ; - AUGUSTUS COOK.
MART VAN -RTTRTTT* HARRINGTON REYNOLDS. .
MANOLAMOULD CHARLES W. KING.
KATHELEEN CHAMBERS. '
ROSE WHITNEY. G inA VK xwSrrr
EDITH MILLER. • FRANK MATHIEU.
BELLE VANEY, . 't T* HnnTR *
HARRY M. BATES, THOMAS^PHILLIPS •
HARRY TURNBULL, THOMAS^PHTLLIPS
J FRANK I TILMOT. ' • T. DANIEL FRAWLBT.
EVENING PRICES— RESERVED SEATS:
Orchestra and First Three Row« Dress Balance of Balcony.... ••> 28
Circle JIM Gallery 25
Balance of Dress Circle 75 Box and Loge Seat*. ico
Half Balcon* »^. 50 -.;,
MATINEE PRICES:
Orchestra and First Throe Rows of Dress Balance of Balcony 38
Circle • • $ 75 Gallery 25
Balance 'of Dress Circle ;.... 50 Box and Loge SeaU 100
Half Balcony 60 K ;/=-'. . i ;.^v."- •.
2>i. Tt r-"MJ ba,TE3' BB^eoj? i« ppsltjvejy limited to Or^ «o} a half week*. .
THE SAX FK AX CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9. 1899.
tume of a highwayman. Algy's muddle
headed attempts to say a few admunitory
words to Mrs. Tudway are taken by the
is husband for affectionate atten
tlons, and he orders Lord Algy to leave
the house. A scene ensues, In which Lady
Algernon figures prominently and Lord
Aigy is conducted to a cab rind sent home.
The last act takes place at Lord Alger
non's flat. Hither comes Mrs. Tudway.
Lord Algy, by a half-humorous exhorta
tion, persuades her to abandon her inten
tlon of elopement ami to return to her
husband. Tudway arrives before she can
get out of the house, and it becomes nec
essarj to conceal her. The bone boiler
feels certain tha v t his wife is on the prem
ises, and makes a fuss. The Marquis ar
dressed for travel, and adds to the
complications. Lord Algy does not know
whai to do. He does not wish either to
betray his brother or to expose the lady.
Tudway insists upon making a Fearch,
and In the midst of the struggle which
- between him and Lord Algy, Lady
■\ln.v arrives. The situation ends In a sat
iry explanation and the happy re
conciliation of Lord andJLiady Algy.
Alcazar.
To-morrow night will witness the re
vival of "Camille" at the Alcazar and
flavor her admirers with another chance
to Bee Florence Koberts In the title role.
White Whittlesey has been cast to play
her Armond. Miss Roberts pleased many
with her Camille last year and with her
support much strengthened a finished ana
acceptable performance is to be expected.
Grand Opera-House.
"Carmen" will be sung by Morosco's
company In the Grand Opera-house this
week. Hattie. Belle l^idd will have her
first great opportunity this season as
Carmen. She played the part recently in
Boston and was warmly praised by tne
press for her rendition of it. Thomas H.
Persse and Miro Delamotta will In turn
appear a* Don Jose. Winfred GoHs fine
barytone and splendid stature should
Stand him in gnod stead as the Toreador,
and Kriith Mason is sure to prove a de
lightful Michaela. Daisy Thorn e will al
ternate with her In this role. Julie Cotte
I has been engaged for Fresqulta, Bertha
! Ricci will be. the Mercedes; William
i Wolff. Doncairo; Arthur Wooley, Re-
I mandado; Raphael Bailey, Zuniga; Nace
Boneville. Morales, and Charles Arling,
Lillas Pasta.
California.
The last of the Lambardi opera per
formances will be given In the California
! on Monday and Tuesday nights— "Mignon"
i Monday and "The Barber of Seville"
i Tuesday. On Thursday night the Frawley
f. G. Tillrrjan,
Champion Society Cakowalker of
Oregon.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Prop, and Manager.
..LAST TIMES..
Of the Eminent Barytone,
MR.
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In the Romantlo Comic Opera,
SHAMUS
O'BRIEN
CAST ALSO INCLUDES:
ADA PALMER, ANNIE MYERB.
RHYS THOMAS. WILLIAM PRUETTE,
PHIL BRANSON, CHRISTIAN LTNTON,
Eta
ENLARGED CHORUS and ORCHESTRA
TO BEGIN NEXT THURSDAY EVENING-,
Th« Latest Craze — The Spectacular Extrava-
*ania,
BLUE BEARD!
IN SUMMER ATTIRE.
MIRTH .....MUSIC ...—... DANCE.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT ! P. M.
Popular Prices - - 25 and 50 Gents
; • ,-; Oar Telephone — Bush 9. ' S
OLYMPIA.
Eddy St., Cop. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Muslo Hall
Great Vaudeville Acts and Novelties
POSITIVE APPEARANCE OF
THE FLYING BANVARDS.
Sensational Acrobats
LAST "WEEK OF ft.-]
HERBERT <£ WESTON,
Musical Comedians
Twenty-sixth Week of the Star .;■'.;
QUERITA VINCENT,
The Greatest Exponent of Coon Songs
, AND TEN ALL STAR ACTS
ADMISSION FREE; MATINEE §£$£&?■
Company and Blanche Bates commence a
six weeks' season in "The Dancing Girl.
The fact that Mi9s Bates is now acknowl
edged to be one of the foremost American
actresses will not tend to lessen the inter
est in her reappearance here.
Tivoli.
Wednesday night will witness the last
performance of "Shamus O'Brien" in the
Tivoli. On Thursday evening the Tivoll
will produce on an elaborate scale the
burlesque, "Blue Beard." which made a
great hit at The same theater three' years
ago. The version has been brought up to
date and new scenery and costumes have
been prepared.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum has four new acts, headed
by Miss Minnie Palmer. She will appear
In a one-act comedy entitled "Ko3e
Pompom," in which she assumes two very
dlfferent characters— that of a nun and
that of a music hall singer. This gives
Miss Palmer an opportunity to introduce
the specialties that have made her fa
mous the world over. She. is assisted by
Francis Jerrard of the Hay market Thea
ter London. George Wilaon. the black
face comedian, is favorably known to
theater-goers and ought to prove a draw
ing card. The Rixfords are European
acrobats and credited with being very
clever, while Millian and Shields are talk
ing comedians.
Olympia.
The Olympia has the Flying Banvar<ls,
who are said to do a very clever acrobatic
act and Querita Vincent, who is now in
her' twenty-sixth week, making the long
est vaudeville engagement ever played in
this city.
The New York Dramatic News Is now
devoting more space to San Francisco
theatrical matters than any other East
ern dramatic paper. The local corre
spondent. William Klinger. each week has
from two to throe columns of bright th.'
atrlcal gossip from the Goldpn Gat*. Hw
journal ia very interesting throughout and
AMUSEMENTS.
_ M San Francisco, Cal., Estab. JBB7
WEEK COMMENCING SUNDAY MATINEE, July 9.
-y-NEW VAUDEVILLE AND DRAMATIC STARS AND NOVELTIES— V
THE HIGHEST SALARIED BILL OF THE SEASON.
MissMINNIE PALMER
(The Original "My Sweetheart," the World-Renowned Actress. Direct From Her European
■ Triumphs, In a One Act Play. -ROSE POMPOM," Assisted by MR. FRANCIS
JERRARD of the Haymarket Theater, London.
GEORGE WILSON IOXFORDS
World-famous and Acknowledged as the Grand American Debut of the Musical and Acrobatic
vvorm mmuu Mogul of Minstrels. Sensation of Both Continents.
MILLIAN «■«> SHIELDS
The Talking Comedians.
HAVES AND LYTTON
The Celebrated Character Artists, in the Howling Success. "A WISE GUT."
THE EXPERT JTTQQLEm— l\/l _C IT. I M I— So Different from Other*
THE FARRELLsHgARDNER BROS.
Th» Champion Cake "Walkers. Comedy Musical Artists.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUIDAY), JULY 9th. '^fflffig°JJST
CHUTES AND ZOO! ON SALE FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
6 Admission $1.00 Coupon
A inATINBB every day. Tickets, Transferable,
— FOR THE
CHEAT BILL IN THE THEATER, International Cakewalk Carnival
— and Fair.
1/ T\ TO/*"IZ\RC!3C3 ' MECHANICS' PAVILION, JULY 15 to 23.
*^"** i V_-»^-m m. ■x.'w -*— »• .A.t the Following Leading Stores and Places of
»■» -ruts' TC\(*%l Business: v
17V MnMZ 4*\JVJI The Emporium: Hale Bros. & Co.; M. A.
i w' . _ . _ . Vlt j ,_ »_._ i.» Gunst & Co.. Market St.; Clneograph Parlors;
The largest ETBr ExniDlwa » Amens* r>an p Carter; The Zeno Mauvaia Music Co.;
■— — ■ and other stores.
-...,;-,■. These $1 tickets will be withdrawn from sale
THIS SUNDAY AFTERNOON, . July I*^^ ADMISSION . 250 .
SOUVENIRS FOR THE CHILDREN. to I Sr^^agSS? B B &S I SS» SSS2* 111 ",
School Girl," a comedy opera. She makes her appearance at the Or
pheum to-day in "Bose Pompom." The same petite, pert, pouting bit of
humanity that marks the queen of soubrettes. Miss Palmer is a maid
of many moods; at one time the flirtatious, merry French coquette; at
another the demure Red Cross nurse, and all with equal versatility. It
is many years since her last visit to San Francisco.
the half-tone illustrations of the finest
quality. _
The Lambardi Opera Company.
It is said that the two performances
to be given by the Lambardi Opera
Company at the California Theater to
morrow (Monday) and Tuesday nights
will positively and emphatically be the
last that this excellent organization
will ever give in San Francisco. Ar
rangements have been made for a long
season in Los Angeles, prior to their
return to Italy, and they leave directly
for that city following their "farewell"
here. For the two nights at the Cali
fornia, Manager Prledlander has se
lected the two best operas in their rep
ertoire, and for the reason that many
requests have come to him, for a repe
tition of both these operas. On Monday
night "Mignon" will be given, and on
Tuesday night "The Barber of Selville."
On both nights all the great principals
will be in the casts, including the art
ists, Uepettn, Sosjtegni, Ferrari, Bada
racco, Rubso, Bugamelli, Barducci and
the others, who have made such hits
since their singing in San Francisco.
The orchestra will be augmented and
every member of the company will as-
Fist to make the last two performances
memorable ones in the history of
the Lambardis' engagement. Popular
prices will prevail on this occasion.
That the singers will have ovations
goes without saying. No organization
that hag ever visited San Francisco has
sung operas so true and perfect as the
Lambardis.
Blanche Bates and The Frawley Co.
There have been many Pan Francisco
actressos, but th^re has never been but
one Blanche Bates; we have had any
number of stock companies, but none
that has ever enjoyed the popularity of
the Frawley combination.
The Frawley company and Blanche
Bates were considered as much a part
of San Francisco as the City Hall, and
ten times as entertaining- Consequent
ly when last November they quietly
folded their tents and stole away to
the East San Francisco was for a time
inconsolable.
But when one day there flashed ove>
the wires the glowing accounts of the
way San Francisco's beautiful favorite
had taken New York by storm, the
people of this city forgot their disap
pointment in the pride with which they
listened to the successes that were fall
ing to the lot of the talented woman
who in her genius and charming per
sonality was doing so much to extend
the fame of their fair State.
The people at home were consoled for
their loss and patiently awaited the
time when she would once more return
to her own and delight them as she
did in days of yore. Miss Bates was
as anxious to return as the people
were to have her back, and when an
opportunity to play a five weeks' en
gagement in this rity presented itself
sue grained it with eagerness.
She will arrive here on Wednesday
next and on Thursday evening will
open at the California with Mr. F"raw
ley in their most famous play, "The
Last Word."
Following this will come their othe*
New York hits, or at least as many
of them as can he wedged In the fly»
weeks for which the company la
booked.
The company Frawley Is bringing out
with him consists of over thirty well
known people, among whom are such
stars as Hope Rons. Mac Dohrman.
Manola Mould. Augustus Cook, Charles
W. King and Frank Mathieu.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™
TO-NIGHT— LAST OF—
"DON CAESAR DE BAZAN" and
"Only the Master Shall Blame.**
WEEK OF JULY 17,
CAMILLE !
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In the Title Role.
WHITE VVHITTLESEY
As ARMAND DUVAL.
OUR PR1Cfc5..... 715c, 25c, 35c, 59c.
NEXT— "THE NEW MAGDALEN."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT CO. (Inc.). Lease*
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT."
COMMENCING MONDAY. JULY 10th
Magnificent Revival in English of Bizet's
Charming Opera, •■• . ■
CARMEN!
WITH THE ENTIRE MOROSCO OPERA
CO. (formerly the Southwell) in the Cast.
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved, 35c and 50e.
DRESS CIRCLE, Reserved, 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE, Reserved, 15c.
GALLERY. 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can be
purchased for 25c. Family Circle 13c
Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532.
GLEN PARK.
THIS SUNDAY AT 2 P. M. SHARP.
JEFFRIES
WORLDS CHAMPION PUGILIST.
IN A. FOUR-ROUND SPARRING EXHIBI-
- -.:: TION, Illustrating
how he - Wnrlrf'c Championship
wow the woiiu s Unanipiunsnip
OVER FITZSIMMONS.
GRAND VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IX THE FREE THEATER.
ADMISSION ONLY 10 CENTS
UNION CODRSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
• July Sth and 9th. ■>
FAMOUS OPEN STAKE,
SEVENTY-FOUR NOMINATIONS,
PRIZE MONEY »«i.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets, Satur-
day. 12:55 p. m.; Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m. and I
p. m. : Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets fly«
minutes later, returning from park Immediately
after last course. Extra train from park olt
> Sunday, 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric car*
every ten minutes. »
ADMISSION, 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE).
O clVll W Those who were ther«
_ • Bay the Panorama is a
g~±V • correct representation.
11 1 Lectures by Prof W.
O. ROLLINS afte*.
lift —^ __ £!«»■■ noons and evenings.
/yiSlrillcl Market St.. nr. Eighth.
** ** Admission. BOe.
Bay! Chlldren - l
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York and Sterling Exchange lower.
Shipment oT $108,517 to China.
Bank clearings show the usual gain.
Wheat futures easy and dull-
Barley firm. Oats quiet.
Corn and Rye dull.
Hay quiet and unchanged.
Beans continue to advance.
Potatoes lower. Vegetables plentiful.
J3utter and Eggs steady.
Cheese doing better.
Fruit market well supplied.
Watermelons appeared.
Some nibbling at new Pnines.
Other Dried Fruits firm.
Provisions stand the came.
6harp advance in Veal.
Other Meats unchanged.
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
Imports of Quicksilver at this port during
the first fix months of the year were 11,513
flasks, against 11,529 during the same time in
1898. The exports by sea were 5482 flasks,
valued at $213,400. against 3043 flasks, at $131,
--600, In 1898.
RECEIPTS OF. COAL.
Receipts of Ccal at this port during the
first six months of the year were 713,576 tons,
against 631.616 for the same time in IS9B, the
leading sources being as follows: From Puget
Sound. 313.273 tons; British Columbia, 231,098;
Australia, 75.610.
THE TEA TRADE.
The state of the Tea trade in the United
Btates. as reported by the Tea Association of
New York, for the first five months of the
calendar year, was as follows:
Pounds.
ports -. 25,959,501
Stuck December 31. 1898 28,860,562
Supply 54, 068
Exports 624.778
Withdrawals 25,573,307
2C, 108. 085 !
Stock June 1, 1899 25.C21.978
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
Th« Nippon Maru took out a treasure list of
$108,517, consisting of $100,000 in Mexican dol
lars. $2122 in Japanese currency and $6395 in
Japanese gold. .
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings la«t week were $15,500,
--7S?. n?alnst $11,881,891 for the same week In
IWS. The holidays last week cut down the
figures.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 8. 5 p. m.
Th» following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60 San Diego »... "4
Fresno S Sacramento '.'4
Los Ansreles *><! Independence ?4
Red Hluff 96 Yuma 106
San Luis Oblspi 92
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
6S; minimum, ."u; mean, 59.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has N fallen slowly over the i
greater portion of the Pacific Coast. The usual
summer low overlies Arizona and Southeastern j
California. The pressure is low over Utah and 1
a low may develop Sunday in that section.
The temperature has risen over California |
an.l Nevada. In the great valleys of California
the temperatures are from 3 to 11 degrees above
the normal. In the vicinity of San Francisco
there Is a vertical thermal gradient of 1 degree
rise fur • very 240 feet of elevation.
A maximum wind velocity is reported from
Ban Luis Obispo of twenty miles per hour 1
from the north.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, July i». 1599:
Northern California — Fair Sunday; light
northerly winds in the* Interior; fresh westerly
winds on the coast.
Southern California— Sunday; fresh
northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Utah— Fair Sunday, except cloudy and possi
bly showers In southern portion.
Arizona — Cloudy Sunday, with showers in the'
northern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
fresh westerly winds in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July B.— The character of -trad-
Ing In stocks was much confused throughout
to-day's short session of the exchange. There ;
v.ere points of aggressive strength which en
couraged maintenance of prices, but the cer
tainty of an unfavorable bank statement en
couraged the continuance of profit-taking In
pome of the stocks which have recently ad
vanced several points in price. On the .publi
cation of the bank statement the whole mar
ket sold off arid net gains were preserved in
only a few cases. The liquidation was by no j
means heavy and the bears covered short con
tracts at the decline, causing a rally from the
low point. The denials of the reported alli
ance between Pennsylvania and New York
Central led to declines in those stocks, but the
amount was remarkably small. The bank
etatement on Its face presented an extraordin- |
ary condition of affairs. It Is almost unprece- '■
dented to have the cash reserves down to with- |
in a little over $5,000,000 01 the 2."> per cent re
quired by law at this time of year.- Yet the
banks expanded their loans during the week |
nearly $7,000,000 when they were already at j
the highest ligure vn record last week. The |
conclusion is unavoidable that the banking i
authorities see prompt relief in certain pros- |
pects. In fact, the easing of money during the i
latter part of the week shows that the re- !
lief is already at hand. It comes in large
part from the release of funds that had been ;
accumulated for the disbursement of semi-an
nual dividends. It. is also taken into consider
ation that Interior points are better supplied I
■with money than ever before, so that the con- I
Victlon is held In banking circles that tight- |
ne-.- in the New York money market • would j
bring funds from interior points to New York-, j
Th- action of the stock market this week has ;
Justified the confidence of those who bought j
securities last week in the rieilef that oppor- \
tunity would be offered to realize profits quick- !
ly. The expected demand for' stocks was forth- I
coming, but it was so freely fed with* offer- I
Ings accumulated last week that the strength- i
ening effect on prices was offset and the tide ■
turned in favor of reaction. Thus in spite of a
Very active market tor the short week after
th' long holiday period, the net changes are
not conspicuous in the majority of cases.
The pruttt taking was most effective early in
the week in Pennsylvania and New York Gen- !
tral and the Vanderbilts. Selling was not |
heavy in either of these, but the large and con
fident buying of last week was discontinued
and prices were not supported. Much stress Is
laid on the large amount of the year's earnings
that have been reinvested in railroad prop- '
erties, resulting in higher efficiency and paving j
the way for future reductions in the ratio of '
operating expenses. There were incidents cor
roborative of the earlier rumors of far-reaching
combinations of control of railroad systems,
calculated to make possible more economical
administration and to facilitate co-operative
measures for conducting traffic. But. In spite
of these factors of strength in the" general out- j
look the tendency toward reaction in the rail- ;
ways prevailed on account of the recent condi
tions. Profit taking was the main factor, but
there was in addition some apprehension that
spring wheat had been damaged by heavy
ra.in« and there were heavy damages to rail
road properties by the Texas Hoods. The most
potent influence toward reactions was the fail- i
ure of the money market to weaken as ex
pected under the distribution of half-yearly in
terest and dividend disbursements. Time money
could readily be had at 'SdjZM per cent, but
call loans were slow to yield below 6 per cent.
In London both call money and the discount
rate fell below 2 per cent, reflecting the re
laxation of pressure for the half-yearly settle
ment. Enormous loans were liquidated both
at the Bank of England and the Hank of
France. The strain on the money market In
Berlin and Vienna was not so much relieved,
exchanges continuing to run against London. !
But confidence was shown that the stringency i
there would also relax soon and that no further
demand would be made on New York for gold.
The easier money conditions in London brought
large buying of stocks in New York for Lon
don account, until money rates there began to
harden again.
The week's trading on the Stock Exchange
has been distinguished by some reawakening
of Interest in industrial Issues, as the market
for railroad stocks fell into dullness on the
reaction. The older dividend-paying industrials
have bc«>n favorites, but some of the newer ore '
and metal combinations have also shown signs
of life, notably the coppers. Amalgamated
Copper has moved up several points in the out
side market, but is still well below the orig
inal subscription price, and Anaconda has been
active and strong.
Bonds have .shown Increased activity and
strength.
United States new 4's advanced }£, the 3's
% and the o's '/• in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day amounted to 280,
--437 shares, •• Including: American Steel and
Wire, 2200; Sugar, 15,800; Tobacco, 3400; Atch
lson, 16,000; do preferred, 71.900; Baltimore and
Ohio preferred, 3300; Brooklyn Rapid Transit,
10,000; Chesapeake and Ohio, 6700; Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy, 11,200; Colorado J'Uel and
Iron, 4600; Federal Steel, 2000; do preferred,
2000- Louisville and Nashville, 3200; Manhattan,
24.200; Mexican Central. 2400; Missouri Pacific,
8100; Ontario and "Western. 4000: Pennsylvania,
6000; People's Gas, 2200; Rock Island. .7400; St.
Louis and Southwestern, 4000; St. Paul. 11,800;
Southern Pacific, 2900; Tennessee Coal and Iron
6500- Texas Pacific, 4000; Union Pacific, 3400.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 20% St P & Om 106
Do prefd 61% *>" prefd .........175
Baltimore & Ohio. 48% Amn Smelting & R as*;,
Canada Pacific... W%i Do prefd S3
Canada Southern.. 54 So Pacific 32
Cent Pao 52 So Railway ........ 11%
Ches A Ohio -28% Do prefd 57%
Chi & Alton 160 Texas & Pac 20%
Chi a & Q 136% Union Pacific 43%
Chi & E 111 74 Do pi eld ..'. 77
Do prefd 122% Nor & W prefd... 70%
Chi G W 14% Wabash 7%
Chi Ind & L 9% Do prefd 22%
Do prefd 39 Wheel ALE new. 9
Chi & N W 160 Do 2d prefd .... 24%
Do prefd 133 Express Companies —
C C C & St L 57% Adams Ex 11l
Do prefd 96 American Ex 137
Del & Hudson 123*4 United States ....49
Del L& W 168 Wells Fargo 128
Den & Rio G 21*; Miscellaneous—
Do prefd 77% A Cot Oil 35%
Erie new 13% Do prefd 92
! Do Ist prefd 37% Amn Spirits «%
i Ft Wayne 184 Do prefd 29
Gt Nor prefd 171% Am Tobacco 97
i Glucose 6S Do .prefd 142
i Illinois Cent 115% Cons Gas 144
1 Lake Erie & W.... 17 Com Cable Co ....179 |
Do prefd 73% Col F & Iron 45%
Lake Shore 200 • Do prefd 106
Louis & Nash 71% Gen Electric 11S%
Manhattan L 119 Haw Coml Co 110 I
. ! Met St Ry 224 Fed Steel 58%
: Mich Cent 11l Do prefd 81 j
3 | Minn & St L 54 Intnl Paper ....... 43%
i Do 2d Drefd .... 90 : Do prefd 79%
. Mo Paciffc 45V. Laelede Gas 54
- Mobile & Ohio 40 Lead 29%
Mo X & T 12% Do prefd 112
Do prefd 34 Brooklyn R T 116*4
N J Central 117U Nat Lin Oil 3
N V Central 135% Pacific Mall 48
, N T Chi & St L.. 13U. People's Gas 120%
Do Ist prefd .... 68 Pullman Pal 16r>
Do 2d prefd 34 Silver Cert 60
I Nor West 20% Standard R & T.. 714
t No Amer Co 11% Sugar .'...157?*
; !No Pacific 49% Do prefd 117
Do prefd 77% T C & Iron 69%
Ontario & W 26% U S Leather «
Or R & Nay pfd. 75 Do prefd 71%
Pac. Coast 38 U S Rubber 53% I
i i Do Ist prefd .... 84 Do profd 117% |
. I Do 2d prefd .... 56 West Union 90% j
1 ! Plttsburg 184 Amn Steel & W.. 56% j
■ i Reading 21 Do prefd 95
! Do Ist prefd .... 61 Con Tobacco 41%
, ; R G W »- Do prefd 80
l Do prefd 79 Nat Steel 60%
! ' Rock Island 117 Do prefd 90%
- St L & S F 10% Colo Bo 5 j
I i Do prefd 70 Do Ist prefd .... 43% !
Do 2d prefd .... 37 Do 2d prefd .... 17
! St L & S W 13% Anaconda 56%
il Do prefd 34% Amn Tin Plate.... 37%
. | St Paul 131%: Do prefd 85%
t Do prefd 174 I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2b reg 101 MX & T 2ds 68
l Do 3s reg 10S% N I Cent lsts 112
Do 3s coup 109 N J Cent gen 05.. 123
Do new 4s reg. ..130 Do 45...: 93% !
Do new 4s coup. .130 No Carolina 6s 127
Do old 4s reg. ...112Vi Do 4s 102
Do old 49 c0up. .112% No Pacific lsts 113
Do 6s reg 112% Do 3s 63
Do 5s coup 112% Do 4s 104
Dist of C 3.65s 119 NYC& St L 45.. .107%
' Alabama class A. .108 Nor & W con 45... 95
1 Do class B 10S ' Do gen 6e 135
' Do class C 98 Oregon Nay lsts...
Do Currency 98 Do 4s 102%
: Atchieon Ken 45. ...102% Oregon S L 63 131%
Do adj 4s 85% Do con 5s 113%
! Canada So 2ds 11l Reading gen 45.... 89
Ches & Ohio 4%5... 97 Rio G W lsts 100
! Do 5s 119% St L& I M con 55. 112%
• Chi & N W con 75. 144 St L & S F gen 65. 321%
Do S F deb 55...122%'5t Paul con 16 !
Chicago Term is... 99% St P C & P 15t5... 121%
i Den & Rfo G 15ta..106 Do os : 121%
Do 4s 100% Southern Ry os 109%
i E T V & G lsts.... 105\ Stand R & T 65... 87
j Erie gen 4s 72% Term new set 35... 93
1 F W <& D C Ifts... 81% Tex & Pac lsts 115
■ Gen Electric Bfl 119 1 Do 2ds 55%
]GHiS A6s 113 Union Pacific 48...105 ;
Do 2ds 108 Wabash Ists 116%
H & T C 5s 113 Do 2ds 102%
I Do con 6b 110 West Shore 4s 115
lowa Cent lsts IIS Wls Cent lsts 76%
X C P & G lsta... 60% Va Centuries IS3
! La new con 4? 107 j Do Deterred 8%
i L & N unified 4".. 98% Colo Southern 45.. 89% I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 27 Ontario 7 75
Crown Point 24 Ophir 95
! Con Cal & V 190 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 60 Quicksilver 2 la
I Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd 850
' Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 64
H. .mistake 60 00 Standard .: 2 10
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 34
I Mexican 50 1 Yellow Jacket 33
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Mon»y— Union Land 8%
Call loans 3tj>4 West End 95%
Time loans 3®4V4 Do prefd 114
Stocks— Westinghouse E1... 49=4
i Atch Top &St Fe. 20% Do prefd 67 .
Do prefd 61"), Bonds-
American Sugar... Atchison 4s 101 t
Do prefd 118 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 340 Adventure 9
Boston & Albany. .2s3 ,Allouez Mm C 0.... 8
Boston Elevated... 109 Atlantic 30
Boston &■ Maine... 190 Boston & M0nt.... 363 "•
Chi Bur & Q 136% Butte & 805t0n.... 80
Ed Elec 111 200 Calumet & Hecla.."9s
Fltchburg prefd... 116% Centennial 36
Gen Electric 118 Humboldt 2%
•Do prefd 140 Osceola Sfs%
Federal Steel 68% Parrott 53
Do prefd 81 Quincy 15S
1 Mexican Central... 14% Santa Fe Copper... 14
Michigan Tel 99 Tamarack 204
I Old" Colony 203 Winona 14
! Old Dominion 38% Wolverine 46
Rubber E3% Utah Mining 44
Union Pacific 43%
NEW YORK'S FINANCIAL CONDITION.
NEW YORK, July The Financier Bays: j
I The associated banks of New York, if their
I statement for the week ending July 8 Is to
[ be accepted as correct, have less surplus cash
on hand than at any time (with the exception
of September, 1896) since the 1893 panic. But
I the current exhibit is so complicated by inci
dents due to July disbursements and also by
1 the system of averages employed In making it
: that its totals would not possess the significance
that otherwise might attach to them. The loss of
I about $10,000,000 in cash, for Instance, is very
I much more than known operations called for,
I and the expansion of nearly $7,000,000 in loans
must reflect previous weeks' business. The
demands for accommodation within the past
two days certainly did not necessitate this vio
! lent rife. As the statement stands it plainly
I indicates that every dollar of the loans has been
1 taken from the banks in cash, and withdrawal
I of deposits has been a similar operation. Mani-
I festly this is an impossible contingency. A more
• detailed explanation shows that of the loss In
cash the National City and the Chase National
banks are responsible for the entire reduction,
the National City's loss having been about
I $6,000,000, and Its increase in loans more than
$6,000,000.
It is interesting to note In this connection
1 that whereas the average reserve of all the
j banks is now 25.5 per cent, a lose of 1 per cent.
1 the reserve, exclusive of the Institution
j named, is 26 per cent. In other wordd,
i sixty-two of the sixty-three banks have
I within a small fraction of 1 per
! cent of as much money as reported at the open-
I ing of July. The refusal of call money to ad
vance perceptibly In the face of the showing
made by the banks proved that the situation
is pretty well understood, and that no fears
: are entertained as to the future. During the
next week the banks will gain heavily in cash.
i not only on Government account, but from
I other sources as well. It is perhaps no exag
j geration to say that at the close of business
; Saturday the various Institutions were in much
I better shape in every way than their statements
would Imply. The maintenance of a 4 per cent
rate on call money is of itself enoueh to mi
i duce a movement of currency in this direction.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July B.— FLOUR— Receipts, 30,
--637 bushels; exports, 34,611 bushels. Dull and
nominally unchanged. Minnesota patents, $3 90
] <g4 10; Minnesota bakers', $3 10@3 25; winter
! patents, $3 85@4 10; winter straights, $3 4'>({j,3 55;
' winter extras, $2 55@3; winter low grade, $2 45
tg2 55.
WHEAT— Receipts, 123.950 bushels; exports,
47.750 bushels; sales, 495,000 bushels; futures,
I 154.C00 bushels spot. Spot strong; No. 2 red,
! 80% ct. o. b. afloat. 78% c elevator; ' No. 1
; Northern Duluth, 81% cf. o. b. afloat to arrive.
I Options opened steady on better cables. rumors
1 of grasshopper ravages in the Northwest and
small spring Wheat receipts, later developed
greater strength on a . sharp demand from
shorts and closed strong at %s?%c net ad
: vance. July closed at 79% c; September, 7S%©
79% c, closed 79c; December, hO^ijiSOTic, closed
80% c.
HOPS— Steady; State common to choice. 1596
crop, 6@7c; 1897 crop, ll@13c; 189S crop, 16@17c;
Pacific Coast. 1896 crop, 6@7c; 1897 crop, ll@13c;
I!>9S crop, 17@lSc. ■ •
HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 lbs, lSVic
WOOL— Steady; domestic fleece, 19@24c; Tex
j as. 13*5 16 c.
METALS— The brokers' price for Lead Is $4 30
i and for Copper $18 50. . Metal Exchange closed.
! COFFEE— Options closed dull and unchanged.
I Sales. 1000 bags, including: September, $4 85;
December and January, $5 30. Spot Coffee —
Rio dull and nominal; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No.
7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild quiet; Cordova, ,S@l3c.
SUGAR— Steady; fair reflnlhg, 3 15-16 c; cen
trifugal, 9C test, 4- 7-16 c; molasses sugar,
3 13-16 c; refined, market steady to firm and
active; No. . 6, 4.81 c; No. 7. 4%c; No. 8, 4.«stc
j No. 9. 4%c; No. 10, 4%c; No. 11, 4%c; No. • 12,
4.31 c; "No. 13, 4.31 c; -No. 14. 4%c;- mold A, 5%c;
standard A, 5%c; confectioners' A. o'^c; cut
loaf, 5%c; crushed, 6c; powdered, 5%c; granu
lated. 5%c; cubes, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 5723 packages. Quiet
Western creamery, _15^18y 2 c; factory, !2@l4>4c
EGGS — Receipts, 4376 packages. Firm for
fancy; Western,. 14%© 15% c. more Southern
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS. '
California dried fruits dull.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7c; prime wire
tray, &%<3SV&c; choice, S%@S%c; fancy, 9®9V2C
PRUNES- 3%©SM:C. ■ . . . ** "
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 14c: Moorpark, 14@18c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 10©llc. .
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, July B.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 12,124 bales were offered. A good show
ing of Queensland 'and -Port Philip merinos
caused eager competition.- The Continent bought
large quantities of scoured. New Zealand slips
and crossbreds were taken principally by the
homo trade, - ■ :, ' : ' '*. •*.'-' -V
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July B.— .Wheat opened un
changed to %c higher, at : 73%@73%c for Sep
tember ' Traders were inclined to avoid "new
committals to each . aide In - view of. the go v- [
THE SAX Til AS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
eminent crop report due Monday. Reports from
North Dakota to the effect that a scourge of
grasshoppers was feared stimulated some
buying, but the bulls appeared weak-kneed, and
after getting .September up to 74% c there was
a grand rush to secure profits. Selling orders
poured in from the Northwest, whence buying
I orders should naturally have originated had
I there been any substantiation of the fears of
: "hoppers." The market was greatly congested
1 and half an hour before the close of Septem
ber .slid off to 73'4c. The close was only a
' shade above the lowest at 73%<&73%c, a net de
cline of %c. J
Corn ruled firm. influenced principally by the
strength in provisions. September closed l Ac
higher. ' ~ - • : ■■"•'■■ >S
Oats ruled dull and featureless. September
closed %c lower.
Provisions were active and strong from start
to linish. An advance 01 10 cents in hogs at
the yards stimulated buyers in all departments
at the opening. Great improvement was re
ported in the cash demand, both domestic and
foreign. September pork closed 20 cents higher,
lard 12% c higher and ribs 15 cents higher.
! The leading futures ranged, as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
j July 72> 72% 72% 72%
! September •.. 73\ 74% 73% 73%
'■ December 75% 75 75% 75U
: Corn No. 2—
1 July 33% 33% 33% 33%.
September 33% 34 33% 33%
! December 33% 33% ' 33 33%
Oats No 2—
July 23% 23% 23% 23%
September .• 20% 21 20% 20%
May 22% 23 22% . 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 856 8 62% 855 860
September 8 62% 8 77% 8 62% 875
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 5 17% 5 22% 515 . 620
September 525 5 37% 625 635
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July ■ 4 95
September 4 95 5 10 4 95 6 05
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 72^fT73c;
I No. 3 spring wheat. 69571% c; No. 2 red, 72% c;
! No. 2 corn, SS%@34%c; No. 2 oats, 24^4@24%c;
[ No. 3 white, 25%@2bc; No. 2 rye, 60%Q51%c;
I No. 1 flaxseed. S9c; prime timothy- seed, $2 40:
mess pork per barrel, $7 80@8 60; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 07%(g5 20; short rib sides, loose.
$4 75@5 05; dry salted shoulders, boxed. 6%@
! 5%c; short clear sides, boxed, 5%®6c; whisky,
I distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12.000 16.000
! Wheat, bushels 65.000 135,000
Corn, bushels 52,000 492,000
Oats, bushels 260.000 217,000
Rye. bushels 12,000
Barley, bushels 12,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
! market was weak: creameries. 13%SJlSc; dairies,
i ll@i;%c. Cheese, firm, B%@'Jc. Eggs, steady,
12% c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 8% 5 11% 6 0%
Closing 5 8% 5 11% 6 0%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— • July. Sept io 9 c 5
Opening 20 40 20 95
Closing 20 40 20 &5
Flour-
Opening 44 20 • 28 40
Closing 44 20 2S 40
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July B.— CATTLE— were not
enough received to-day to make a market.
There were scattering prices at $4 66(g4 S5;
prices still hold good despite a little weaken
ing during the past few days.
HOGS — There was an active local and ship
ping demand to-day, prices advancing s^loc per
100 pounds. The supply was well taken, at
(3 70@4 06 for heavy. $3 80 for mixed and butch
er weights and $3 Ss(g4 05 for light weights.
Pies brought $3 50@>4 02% and culls and rough
lots, $2® 3 70.
SHEEP — To-day's supply was too small to
I amount to anything, a good share of the sup
ply being coneigned direct to local shippers.
' Prices were little more than nominal, $2(i}3 for
culls, up to $5^5 40 for prime flocks. Yearl
ings were quotable at $s<g6 25, and spring lambs
at $4@6 SO.
Receipts— Cattle, 2CO; hogs, 17,000; sheep, 2,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July B.— Silver, 27% d: wheat car
goes off coast, buyers indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, easier and neglected; In
dian shipments wheat to United Kingdom, 155,
--000; Indian shipments wheat to Continent, 32,
--000.
LIVERPOOL, July B.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— 2 red Western winter,
stocks exhausted; No. 1 red Northern Duluth,
steady, Cp %d. Futures, closed quiet, July, 5s
B%d: September, 5s 11 v 4 d: December, 6s %d.
CORN — Spot American mixed new firm, 3s
4%d; do old steady, 3s 5%d. Futures, Quiet;
July, 3s 4%d; September, 3s 5%d; October, as
Did.
FLOUR— Louis fancy winter dull, Bb.
GOLD AND SILVER MOVEMENT AT NEW
YORK.
NEW YORK, July B.— Exports of gold and
silver from this i>ort to all countries for the
week aggregate $7&5.458 silver bars and coin,
and $274,160 gold. The imports of specie this
week were $23,280 gold and $44,830 silver.
IMPORTS AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July The Imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New York for this week were valued at
$8,617,780.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
"WASHINGTON, July B.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $275,437,&»0; gold re
serve, $243,935,048.
♦
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight .:— • 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 SS%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Mexican Dollars — E0@50%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — The n)arket was listless and nom
inal. News was scarce. The market at Chi
cago was merely a scalping one. Futures here
were easy. r . "■; •
Spot Wheat— Shipping;, $1 08»4@l 10; milling,
$1 12%®1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 18.
Regular Morning Session— December— Booo ctls,
$1 18: 8000. $1 17%. ■ , --•:. .<■;
BARLEY— There is a good outlook for Barley.
The shippers are buying and there is a good de
mand on this account. Sales are being made
at full figures. Receipts are light.
' Feed, new, 95c^iil: brewing, $1 02%@l 07%,
old brewing, $1 05@l 10 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller 'zj, new
4000 ctls, Sic: 4000, So%c.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls. 95c; 4000,
94% c; 2000. 94% c; 2000, 94% c; 2000. 94% c. Seller
'99 new— 26.ooo. 92c: 10.000, 81' = c: 2000. 91% c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new — 2000
ctls. 90c.
OATS — The market shows no material change.
Offerings are still light. Some new white -Sa
linas sold at $1 32%. Quoted at $1 10©l 20 for
new red and $1 35®] 50 for old.
Previous prices rule, with little doing.
Small round Yellow, $1 30@l 35; Eastern large
Yellow, $1 IC#l 12%; White, $1 10@l 15: mixed,
$1 10 per ctl: California White, $1 17%@1 22%.
RYE— 97%cfffsl per ctl for old. New is nomi
nal at 90@92%C.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40©3 55; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 73:
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4<fr4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75:
Farina $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, *3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55@6 95; in sacks, $6 3506 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, ?4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market is deceiving everybody. It
is doing Just what nobody expected it would a
month BEO. In the first place, receipts are
light. Secondly, the usual summer demand has
not appeared. Thirdly, prices have neither ad
vanced nor declined. In brief, the market is as
quiet as a millpond, and nobody can tell what
It Is going to do. Old Hay is no longer quot-
BP.AN- $16®16 50 per ton.
BllAN— sl6®lfi 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50i?J19 50 per ton.
FKEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27<§'2S; jobbing,
$28 50629; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Cornmeal,
$23 50#24 50; Cracked Corn, $24Jf 25 ; Mixed Feed,
J15(?ll6: Cottonseed Meal, $24<a26 per ton.
NEW HA Y— Wheat. $809 50 for good and $10
for choice; Wheat and Oat. $S'<i9; Oat, $7 50@S;
Barley. *5@7;- Alfalfa, $6@7 per ton.
STRAW— 2O@4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans have again advanced under a good de
mand, which Is purely speculative. It appears
that the -Eastern crop Is not looking well, and
local dealers are buying on the gamble that
quotations will be higher by and "by under a
brisk" Eastern inquiry.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 90^2; Small White, $2Cj>
2 10; Large White, $1 60@l 75; Pinks, $2@2 10;
Reds, $4<S4 25; Blac-keye. $4 10; Butters, nom
inal; Limas. $3 90-84; Pea, $2 10@2 35; Red Kid
neys, $2 50 per ctl. v ;•■-.-.- -
- SEEDS— Mustard, • nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2%c per 1b; Alfalfa, -«>a%c; Rape, 3@3%c;
Hemp. 4%@4%c; Timothy, 4%@5»4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25&1 50; Green, $1 50
62 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes declined again. There was nothing
new in Vegetables, the supply being large and
the demand average. ■ :'•' .
POTATOES— Peerless, 51 85®2 in boxes and
$1 65@1 SO in sacks; Early Rose, $1 60@l 80;
Burbanks, $1 85@2 in boxes and $1 7u@l 85 in
sacks on the wharf.
ONIONS — 15@35c per sack for red ' and
75C'iS5c per ctl for Silversklns.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 7Tic@sl 50 per box
for ordinary and $1 75@2 2"i for fancy; Rhubarb,
25@65c per box; Green Peas, 2' «2 L j.c per lb;
String Beans, 2®4c; Cabbage, sue; Tomatoes.
2D(gCOe per box; River?. $1 25@1 75; Stockton,
; Egg Plant, s@loc per lb; Green Okra, $Kg.
1 50 per box; Garlic. 2@3c; Green Peppers, 4@oc
tor Chile and Vl@l 50 per box for Bell; Carrots,
30@40c per sack; Sacramento and Marysvllle
Cucumbers, 12%@20c per box: Bay Cucumbers,
40<g'50c: SuMmer Squash, 40@50c for Bay; Green
Corn. Eoc<gsl 25 per sack for VacaviUe and $1 50
@1 75- per crate for Bay. ■ *,
POULTRY -AND GAME.
The usual car of Eastern will go on to-mor
row. . .
POULTRY— Turkeys, Il(gl3c for Gob
blers and ll@l3c for Hecs; Geese, per pair,
$I@l 25, Goslings, $161 25; Ducks. $3 50@4 for
old and $4@5 for youne; Hens, $4 3095 50;
young Roosters, $6@7 50: old Roosters, $5@5 25;
Fryers, $4(&. ); Broilers, $4 for large, $3@3 50 lor
small; Pigeons, $1"25@1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 50&2 for Squabs. ■; j.- -<~~i ' '~
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese Is doing better. Eggs and Butter are
steady at unchanged quotations, with ample
stocks for Immediate needs.
BUTTER— ' ~ V
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 20c; seconds.
18@18%c.
Dairy— Fancy, 17@17%c; good to choice. 160
16% c: store, 14©15 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, S%c; old. I S>Sc;
Young America. &%©9c: Eastern, 13© lac.
EGGS— Quoted at 14%@16%c for store and 17%
@19c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@16%c for
No. 1 and 14®15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches, $20 for frees and $30 for clings: Apri
cots, $35@50 per ton, according to' size and qua:-'
ity and district; Bartlett Pears, $40@50 per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums. $20625 per ton.
There seems to be less glut in Peaches, though I
there are plenty here. Plums are piled up high,
and by the way they are coming in are likely
to stay piled. At the same time they are bring- i
ing fine prices in the East. Pears are making
rather more show, and there is no scarcity In
Apples. Grapes are still in light supply. Nec
tarines are coming in. Melons are selling better
at lower prices. A crate of Watermelons from
Winters sold at $3.
Berries continue cheap and abundant.
Citrus Fruits are dull and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35c@$l per large box; Crabapples, 50
@60c per small and 75c@$l per large box. ■
BERRlES— Blackberries, $2@3 50 per chest; |
Strawberries. $44/6 per chest for small and $2 1
@3 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 50@5 per
chest; Logan berries, $7 per chest.
Cantaloupes, 75c!g$l 25 per box and $3 75@4 25
per crate; Nutmegs. 75c@$l per box and $2 75$
3 per crate.
Grapes, black and white, $1:01 25 per crate.
Currants, $805 per chest.
Cherries. 50c@$l per box for all kin.
Green Pears, 50ci&$1 per box, according to I
size; Bartletts, $li?l 50 per box.
Nectarines, 65@75c per box for white and $1
for red.
Figs, 25<g'30e for single and 75cg$l per box
for double layers of black and 25©40 c for white.
Apricots, 40075 c per box.
Peaches, 15@50c per box and 20@35c per bas
ket: Crawfords, 50<360c per box and 30@40c per
basket. \ '.
Plums, 15@35c per box; Prunes. 25@50c per j
crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, nominal:
Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mediterranean Sweets. %Yd
2 50: Valencia?. $1(!?3 50; Lemons. $l'i/l 50 for
common and $262 50 for pool to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4; California Limes, 25©50 c per small
box: liana $1 50<jj2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$I(§2 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Buyers have done some nlbblVng at new
Prunes on a basis of about 3%t«i4c for the four
sizes of Santa Claras, but growers are firm and
shy, and not disposed to sell. The other fruits j
are firm at the quotations which have ruled j
for some days. Evaporated Apples are still I
quoted at 10c, but this figure is not expected
to hold.
Choice Honey will bring the top quotations
without difficulty.
DRIED FHUlTS— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50*8. 5c
for 60-60's, 4c for 69-70's, 3%t(3%c for 70-80's,
2»4&3%c for 80-90' s, 2%@2%c for 90-100's and
2©2% for -100-110' Plums, nominal, l%c for
unpitted and 4 l «'iific for pitted.
• DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Apricots, 9%@ |
10c: Peaches, 7@Sc; Evaporated Apples, 10c.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three- I
crown. .5-% c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seedless .
Sultanas 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
— Chestnuts. 7c per lb: Walnuts, E><ffHc
for hardshell, 10011 c for softshell; Chile Wai- \
nuts. ll@12c; Almonds, S@!>c for hardshell. 12© :
IS** for softshell. HfilGr; for paper-shell; Pea
nuts, 6©7 c for Eastern and 4%<gac for Cali
fornia: Cocoanuts, $4 50(g5.
HONEY— Comb, lie for bright and 10c for
light amber; water white extracted, 6%'i77V ■;
light amber extracted, C%(gC%c; dark, 5®5%c
per 'b. /
BEESWAX— per It.
PROVISIONS.
Business continues good at firm pries.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8c per Iti for heavy,
B%®9c for light medium. 10%@lIc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12@13c; Califor- I
nia Hams, lHif^c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef, $15«15 50;
extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $16 50;
mess. 513(1/13 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per Tb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%@5%c per lb for
compound and 6%©7 c for pure: half barrels,
pure. 7V 4 c; 10-tl> tins. 7*4 @Bc: 5-TT> tins, B®B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6>4<S6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-11) pails, 60 In a case, 9%c;
3-rb pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-tt> pails. 12 in a
case, BV>c; 10- lb palls. 6ln a case, S%c; 50- |
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets. 20 |
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7T4c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7*ic
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under- the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10®10%c: medium, 9@9%c:. light, 9c:
Cowhides. 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Xlp. 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20(g'25c each; short
Wool. 35ii50c each; medium, 60@73c; long Wool,
90c@$l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2<&>2 50 for
large and $1 for small: Colts. r.Oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb; No.
2 34i'3%c; refined. ; grease, 2c.
' WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Eputhern, 7 months, S@llc; Foothill and North
ern free. ll(S14c; Foothill and Northern defect
ive !>®llc; Nevada, ll(S14c; San Joaquln Foot
hill free, 10012 c; do defective, s<?/9c: Ilumboldt
and Mendoclno, 16<Jfl7%c: Eastern Oregon, 12©
14c for choice and 9<Sll%c for fair to good.
HOPS— IS9S crop, 13®17%c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue firm, though the average
packer Is disinclined to pay over 5%c. Veal is
scarce and still higher. There Is no change In
Beef and Mutton.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF — 7%(£j.S%c per lb for Steers and 6%(jj7c
for Cows. -.T;'; 1
VEAL— lo@llc per lb.
MUTTON— 6%@7c; Ewes, Cc per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 7%<S'Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@5%c for small, .V«iQ)
5%c for medium and siis%c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, 7©B%c.
' GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%c; Wool Bags,
2C$2Sc; San Quentin Bags, $4 35.
COAL— Wellington, is per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
in sucks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $14
Car.nel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In ljulk and $14
In »ackn. ■■■--. a;»
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, s£c;
Powdered. 5%c: Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated, 6%c; Confectioners' A. 5%c: Cali
fornia A. sc; Magnolia A. 4T*c; . Extra C. 4?ic;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels,
%c more; boxes, %c more. 50-lb. bags, %c more.
No order taken -lor less than 73 barrels or its
equivalent. *-
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. " ----- \
For Saturday, July 8. • • -
Flour, qr sks 28.93$ Wine, gals 42,500
Wheat, ct15........ 77.216 Lime, bbls.^.';... • 364
Barley, ctls • 4,175 Raisins, boxes.... 490
Oats, ctls 410 Pelts, bdls 7.8
Corn ctls. East. 600 Hides. ■no 463
Rye, ctls... r 670 Wool, bags 332
Cheese, ct15....... 55 Straw, tons 13
Butter, ctls . CIS Hay, tons 371
Eggs, doz 16,470 Middlings, sks... 493
Quicksilver, flks. 6 Bran, sks ..... "3,635
Leather, rolls*... 134 Onions, 5k5..".....* 597
Sugar, bbls ...... 1.17.'. Potatoes, sks...:."' 2,262
OREGON.
Flour, qr 5k5...... 3.34S Bran, sks 727
Oats, ctls 440 Wool, bales ]_ 56
THE STOCK MARKET
The Stock and Bond Exchange resumed busi
ness yesterday after its midsummer holiday,
but transactions were light and featureless.
Mining FUicks were rather higher under llpht
trading. The telegram from the pump said:
"No. 1 elevator has been working regularly.
The water is 190 feet 1 inch, below the 1700
--foot level, or at the same point as yesterday
morning. During the last twenty-four hours
the water has fallen several times."
The annual meeting of the Savage Mining
Company has been called for July 20.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Ivanboe Mining Company will De held to
morrow to vote upon a proposition to diminish
the capital stock from $250,000, divided into
2500 shares o£ the par value of $100 each, to
the sum of $2500, divided into 2500 shares of
the par value of $1 each.
The Stockton Gas and Electric Company paid
a quarterly dividend of 30 cents per share on
the Ist.
The California Street Cable Company will
pay a dividend of 60 cents per share on the
12th.
The following dividends will be payable to
morrow: Giant Powder Company, SO cents per
share, $10,000; Market Street Rallwafy Company,
60 cents per share, Ji11, 702; Pacific Gas Im
provement Company, 40 cents per share, $12,
--800; Paauhau Plantation Company, 10 cents per
share, $GO,000: San Jose Water Company, 5u
cents per share, $4241: Sutter Street Railway
Company, $1 2o per share, $23,000.
The Llllie mine In Colorado paid a dividend
of $11.2W on the Ist, making $78,750 this year
and $23. r ,,360 from the start.
The Mammoth mine in I'tah paid a dividend
of 2 cents per share, or $80,000, on the Ist.
The previous dividend was paid last Decem
ber, and amounted to $200,000. To date the
mine has paid $1,430,000.
• The Sacramento mine of Utah paid a divi
dend of $.W0 on the Ist, making $35,000 thl»
year and $92,500 in all.
The Empire State Idaho Mining and De
veloping Company has declared a monthly
dividend of 2 per cent, payable July 15. This
dividend is $20,000. and makes $124,331 for the
year and 1105,633 in all. The mine first began
paying last year.
In the Belcher mine, on the 1000-foot level,
the east crosscut from the main north latera.
drift is now out 186 feet, having been advanced
6 feet for the week. The face shows porphyry.
On the 1100-foot level the work of cleaning out
and otherwise repairing the Belcher, Crown
Point and Yellow Jnckft joint drift is still go
ing on. On the 1200-foot level the raise from
east erbsseat No. 1 Is up 32 feet. 6 feet having
been added during the week. The top shows
quartz and porphyry- There have been hoisted
during the week and stored In the ore house
nt the mine 36 mining carloads of ore, the
average top car sample of which ahowe an
assay value of $17 iO per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, July B—l2 m.
Bid.Ask. , iiid.A»k.
Bond»— Equjt G L Co. 5 sft
is quar coup.. — 11*% Mutual El Co. 15 —
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 46% —
4s quar new.. 130 — Pac tjas Imp.. — 72
!3s quar coup. .loß — Pa« I. Co **
I Miscellaneous- SF G & E.... 69% 70%
j Cal-st Cab ss. 113% — fan Fran ay* —
IC C Wat 55.... — 111% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
XV & I- 1 lis 130' i — . Insurance—
F & Ol Ry 6.5.H6V4118 .Flrem's Fund. 22o —
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank Stocks—
II C. * B ;,%5.107% . Anglo-Cal — 65%
LARy 5s — 107 Hank of Ca1..280 —
LAL Co 6b.. 9S — Cal SD & T.. — 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First Nationl.22o —
Do gntd Sa_ - 100 Lon P& A. ...129% —
Market-st 65.. 126 — Mcr Exchange — 1«
Do Ist M 55.. - U6\ N'ev Nat 8k...180 —
NCN G R 78.106 — Savings Bank»—
1 N Ry Cal 65.. — 114 Ger S & L....1630 —
N X of Cal us. — 114 IHum S & L.1050 ll«0
iNP Cn R 6s. — — Mutual Say.... 35 —
NPC R R 55. 102% — 8 F Say U....512% —
N Cal It R os. lll — S&L So — 88%
Oak Gas os. ...11l — Security SB..— 300
i Dak Transt 65. 107 — Union T C 0... — 1465
cun C Ky 58...12T 130 | Street Railroads—
1 P &Cl Ry 65. 105 107 California 116 -
P & O 6s 115 - f>ary » -
Powell-st 6?.. .118 122% Market-st 61% 62
Sac El Ry Ss. - — Oak SL& H. — -
SF& X P i>a.U2\ — Hrcsidlo — 16
S F & S JV5s. — 114% JPowder—
Blerraß Cal 65.108% - California — 168
BPof A 65...110VUH E Dynamite... X* 52%
B P C 65(1905).112 112fc;'-?iant Corf Co. 75 —
SP C 65<190«). — — jVlgorlt i 3%
BP C 65(1912).U8 122% Sugar-
BPCIs eg 55.105 107 lHana P C 0.... 17*4 I<%
B P Br 6s 124 - 'Haw C&S C. 99* i -
S V Wat fip...llfi — Hutch S P Co. 33Vi —
3 V Wat 45... 104 104% Kllauea S Co. — 31
S V Wisicom). — 10l Onomea S Co.. 40 42
Stktn Gas t;5..102% — Paauhau S P.. 40% 41%
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous*—
Contra Costa.. 7'4i 72% Al Pac Assn..ll3i;il3%
! Marln Co 60 Ger Lcl VVks..2sl>
Spring Valley. — 101% Mer Ex Afs.. 80 ■
lias and Klectric— Oceanic S Co. 87 87%
Capital Gas...— — I'm* A P A 1% —
Central G Co.. — — 'Pac C Bor C 0.129. 129 —
Cent L & P... 6 7 Ipar Haint Co.. .% —
Morning Session.
Board —
BO Alaska Packers' Assn  113 50
50 Contra Costa Water 73 00
50 Contra Costa Water 73 M>
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
100 Oeeanlc S S Co S7 00
160 Paauhau S P Co 40 75
15 I'acino Coast Borax 130 75
150 San Francisco "Gas & Electric C 0.... 70 00
5 Spring Valley Water 10100
Street—
$5000 S P of A bonds 110 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Paauhau S P Co 40 62%
30 Paauhau S P Co 40 75
2o Contra Costa Water 73 50
10 Spring A'ailey Water 101 50
If. Giant I'liwdpr Con 75 50
20 Oceanic S S Co 87 00
100 Equitable Gas 5 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 113 25
10 Contra Costa. Water 74 00
50 Equitable Gas : 5 00
60 O'ant Powder Con 75 75
50 Market Street Railway 61 75
150 Vlgirit Powder 3 12%
Street—
15 Market Street Railway 61 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
! Stock Board yesterday :
Morning Session.
400 Chollar 2S 100 Qphir 105
200 Con Cnl & Va.2 10 5(1 Savage 27
100 Justice 03 400 Union Con .... 42
Following were the sales in the Pacific St««*:
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 18 300 Hale & Norcrs 38
200 Andes 19 300 Justice 09
400 Andes 20 200 Mexican 56
300 Best & Belcher 55 400 Mexican 57
500 Bullion OR 1400 Mexican 58
200 Caledonia 6S I'.OO Ophlr 110
150 Caledonia 6fl 600 Ophlr 105
200 Challenge Con.. 31 300 Ophlr 115
800 Chollar 29 600 Overman 16
250 Con Cal & * .2 07>i 200 Potosi 49
.-..*> Con Cal & V...2 05 200 Potosi 50
200 Con Cal & V.2 02% 3fiO Sierra Nevada. 65
300 Con Cal & V...2 10 300 Sierra Nevada. 66
800 Con Cal & V.2 12U 200 Sierra Nevada. 68
200 Ccn Cal & V...2 15 Sf'O Sierra Nevada. 69
100 Gould & Curry 42 800 Union Con .... 42
300 Gould & Curry *3 200 I'tah 16
300 Hale & Norcrs 37 200 Yellow Jacket. 38
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. July B—l2 m.
Bid.Ask.; Bid.Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Justice 09 10
Alta 10 ll.Kentuck 03 05
Andes 19 20 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Belcher 34 35 Mexican 59 60
Best & Belcher 58 59 Occidental 23 —
Hullion 07 08 Ophir 115 120
Caledonia 70 —Overman 15 16
(■hollar 28 3» Potosi 49 50
Challenge Con. 32 34 Savage 29 30
Confidence 90 — Scorpion 02 03
Con Cal & V...2 15 2 2'l Seg Belcher.... 07 08
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 67 68
Crown Point... 27 28 Silver Hill 02 03
Eureka Con — 40 Syndicate — OS
Con New York. — 04 Standard —2 50
Exchequer — 04 St Louis — 16
Guild & Curry. 43 44 Union .Con 44 45
Hale & Norcrs. 36 37 Utah 15 17
julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 36 38
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of. stocks during the week.
Name of Stock.
M.
T.
\V.
T.
F.
Alpha
Alta
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher ....
Bullion
Caledonia
Challenge • —
Chollar
Con Cal & V... ...
Confidence
Crown Point '
Gould Si Curry
Hale & Norcross...
Justice .4...... .-"
Mexican
Ophir
Overman .-
Occidental
Potosi
Savage
Sierra Nevada
Union "...
Utah
....
I
[::::!
.. . .
....
....
I —
....
....
.....
|>S
I 04 04
i 10 10
I 19 20
' .35 74
' 55! 58
: OS OS
I 70 ,69
i 32 32
' 30 28
> 2 05 2 20
90 90
i 26 27
i 40 44
. 36 37
' 08 10
I 67 60
i 1 10 1 15
. I 16 16
i 25 23
' 50 50
I- 27 29
i 64 69
) 42, 44
I 14 17
1.-...
1....
-•I
....
.....
. 30 1
17 -
25
53
31
....
....
....
....
....
....
....
....
....
. ♦ ■
j THE CALL. CALENDAR.
July. 1899.
Su.
i
■*3
10
. 11..
IT
Tu. We Th
4 5 6
11 12 IS
Is" U . 20
"IT *26~ 2;
I I
Pr. S».
I
T. ~*
IT 14
21 22
« "19"
Moo:i-« Phases.
A New Moon.
vi/ July 7. •
-jkFlr»t Quarter
9 July 14
1G
©Fall Moon,
W July W.
rfj-Last Quarter,
vL July 'jB.
■ ♦ ■
% During the extraordinary hailstorm
which visited Malta on October 19 sev
eral j?oats were killed while at pasture
on. Corradino. The hailstones are de
scribed as being of abnormal size. In
many cases they were larger than a
good-sized duck egg, in some places
larger than an orange, and several are
said to have weighed half a po.und.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. JULY 9.
Sun rises f :55
Sun sets ~ 3 *
Moon sets 8:30 p. m.
O Tlmel Timej Time, Time!
5. Ft. ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
!» L W HWj L. W H \V|
i ... «:24 — 0.5 1:29 6.1| 6:20 2-8
H Wl L W IHW L W
10 ... 0:15 5.61 6:5«-0.2 2:01 fi.2: 7:M J. 7
11 ... 0:56! B.lf 7:29 0.1 2:30 6.2! 7:55 2.5
12 ... 1:401 4.8! 8:021 -0.5 .3:001 S.t\ 8:4« i 2.3
13 ... 2:30 4. Si 8:35! 0.9| 3:30! 5.21 9:41; 2."
14 ... 3:24 3.9 9:111 1.4 4:061 5.3! lft:4O! 1.6
15 .. 4:33 3.6 9:60! 1-8 4:42] 5.4| U:4O1 1-2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning; tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, an sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United Btates Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th» lower low waters
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographle Office, U. 8. N.. M>r
chantF" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 8, 1899.
The time bail on the. tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALK INS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
, . j
San Juan [Panama Muly 9
Tartar (Vancouver IJuly 9
Columbia jportland jJuiy »
Coos Bay [Newport IJuly »
Weeott IHumboldt July 9
South Coast iHumboldt July 9
Aloha ! Point Arena July »
Proftreso ISeattle July 9
Washtenaw [Tacoma uly 10
Luella 'Yaqulna Bay July 1»
Czarina |Puget Sound IJuly 11
Slam Xanalmo [July 11
T'matllla ; Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
nrlmol i Departure Bay July 11
Kewburg 'Grays Harbor July 11
Corona 'San Dlefro July 1)
Pomona !Humboldt July 11
Mackinaw ITacoma July 11
Runol | Grays Harbor. July 11
Bonlta I Newport July 13
State CallfornialPortland IJuly 14
Point Arena iPolnt Arena .'July 14
Arcata ICoos Bay IJuly 15
Portland !St. Michael July 15
Homer ....ISt. Michael IJuly 15
Santa Rosa !San Diego IJuly 15
America Maru.. 'China nnd Japan 'July 16
Coriullle River.. (Grays Harbor IJuly 16
City of Puebla. (Victoria & Puget Sound' July 1«
Cleveland iPuiret Sound IJuly 18
North F0rk... . . IHumboldt 'July IS
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Bt earner, j Destination. I Sails. ! Pier.
A. Blanch 1 dlCoos Bay !July 9, 9am I Pier 13
Santa Rota, San Dle^o |July ». 11 amPler U
Curacao ...[Mexico July 9, 10 am Pier 11
Walla W...|Vlc & Pirt SdiJuly 10, 10 amlPler »
Weeott iHumboldt I July 10, 2 pm! Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. IPoint Arena., ljuly 10, 2 pm ! Pler 2
Arcata [Coos Bay ljuly 10. 12 mlPier 1?.
Aloha Point Arena..! July 11. 3 pm|Pler 2
rocs Bay. ..'Newport July 11. 9 am! Pier 1'
Mariposa ..'Sydney IJuly 12, 10 pmjPler 7
Columbia ..Portland i.luly 12. ]" am Pier 2k
L,uella lOretcm Ports. (July 12, S pm'Pler 2
Pomona 'Humboldt |July 13, 2pmPier 9
Corona San l>!ei?o July 13, 11 ami Pier 1)
Coptic !China A-.Tapan! July 14, 1 pmPMSS
Portland .. I St. Michael. .. 'July 1." |
Vmatllla ..'Vic & Pgt Sdi July 15, 10 amPler 9
Bnnita 'Newport IJuly 15, 9 am' Pier 11
State of CalPortland IJuly 17, lOam'Pier 24
i^t'amer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVKD.
Saturday, July 9.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 17 hours from Cle
one.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, IB hours from Fort
Braßtr
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 8* hours from De
rarture Bay
Stmr George Loomis. Badger, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Ruth. Lundqulst, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. 10 days from I'n
alaska.
Sohr Mary Etta, Anderson, IS hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, 3 days from Coos
Bay.
CLEARED.
Saturday, July 8.
Stmr Acapulco. Cattarinich. Panama, etc:
P M 3 S Co.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gage, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Allen, Hongkong; and
Yokohama, via Honolulu: W B Curtis.
Bktn Ruth. Olsen, Kahulul, via Klhel; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
SAILED.
Saturday, July 8.
Stmr Cleveland. Klltgaard. Seattle.
Stmr Cleone, Hig-gins. Kureka.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarinich. Panama, etc.
Ship Spartan, Polite. Seattle.
Schr Volante, Morrison. Coqullle River.
Schr Alice, Isaickson, .
CHARTERS.
The Ara«o loads lumber on the Columbia
River for Peru. 455.
SPOKEN.
June 6, lat 16 S, lon 36 \V— Br ship Cambrian
Hills, from Cardiff, for San Frnnclsco.
DOMF.STIC PORTS.
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed July 7— Schr Beu
lah, for San Francisco.
llMPQU A— Arrived July 3— Schr Lucy, from
San Pedro.
Sailed July 7— Schrs Louise and Sadie, for
San Pedro.
FORT ROSS— Sailed July B— Schr Nettle Sund
bor*. for Pan Francisco.
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived , Bhlp Oriental.
hence April 16: ship Indiana, hence April 21:
ship Invincible, hence April 21: ship W II
Macy. hence April 2S; ship Bohemia, hence
April 12: bark Coryphene. hence April 16: hark
Nicholas Tayer. hence April 12: bark Merom,
hence April 13: bark W W Case, hence April
16; bktn Willie R Hume, hence May 7; schr
Premier, hence April 5; schr Prosper, from
Portland; stmr Thistle, hence March 10; stmr
Wigwam, from Portland; stmr President, hence
April 80.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived July 6— Br stmr Atnos. fm
New York.
FREMANTLE— Arrived July 6— Br ship Irby,
from Oregon.
GALWAY— Arrived June 6— Fr bark Jules
Verne, hence Feb 5.
GRlMSßY— Arrived July 6— ltal ship F S
Clampa. hence Jan S.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 6— Stmr China,
hence Juno D.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived about June 20
— Br ship William Tillle, to load for San Fran
cisco.
FALMOl'TH— Sailed July 6— Br ship Granada
for Bristol Bay; Br ship King Edward, for
Tyne.
SHIELDS— SaiIed July 6— Br shiD Crown of
Denmark, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 3— Stmr New
York, from Southampton; stmr Bolivia, from
Naples, etc.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived July 8 — Stmr
Koenigen Louise, from New York, for Bremen
HONGKONG — Arrived previously July $—
Stmr China, from. San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July B— Stmr Lucanla
from New York: stmr Cevlc. from New York
RAILROAD TBAVBL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLK
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT i:3O P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY RETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara itreet.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
Train. !«•«•» *£"£,s£ £J 'I** *». ""
(Main' Line. Foot of Market Street.)
' I.EAV. - From Joy' «- 1899 - - ABRIT»
MsS^^^i :::::
«,:iOA San .I<»e. LlTermore,
1 . 6 : ...^
»«a»A •Milton, Oakd ? l«and bonora... ana 4«I8p
•i3oa Yostmlta Valley t!» Oakdale ana
«,OO< H^K-Nil^and Way S^n^
9iQQjl Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton. iajlSfi
..... Mcrcedand gMO.^."^"" *■"—'
Los ADgclcs. Deming. fcl Vtao.
1 1 :OOa Haywards, Niles an<l Way ™»' io °"-
I3l:tt« x Kdo, l-i»ermore. Stockton, h*c»-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Visalla,
Porterrille •2-oiir
•l«O4»p Sacramento Hirer Stejmers. . ....... »«»»»
S:OOp lUywards. Niles and Way Stations. »»«»»
4tOOrMartlner, San lUmon Vallejo. .„
Napa, Callstoita. Santa 1t05a...... ••■»*
4..0P Benlcla. VacaTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights landing, ._
MarysTille. 0r0Ti110.... ?'.IbJ
4i3OpNUes. San Jose Stockton .I;\ZL
4:80p Yosemito Sleepim Car for Raymond 1X.13*
B:OOpTho Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
flold. Sansus for Santa Barbara. _
-i"V-■ . Los Angeles. " ',«*
S:3«p Stockton, Merced. Fresno..... H.i»»
■sBOp Martinez. Tracy. Mendota. Fresno. ._
rr. .-,• ..-.-, MoJaTO and I, os Angeles »i*»*
S.3OP SanU Fo noute. Atlanllo Kiprees
• for Moja»e and 6t48»
• ••••pChleago-6anFrancUcoBpecl»l.ogdeii
and Kast SiJ 1
•:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose - i, 2£
•«:OOp Vallejo 12«l»i
■JMMIF Oregon Hacromentd. Marys-
Tlllo. Nodding. Portland, Puget
Soiiiidand liast 7«4B»
JBt©Op Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- , IOsr , o »,
tions iiotnvw
COAST I»I VISION' (.Narrow Clause).
i - (Foot of Market Street.)
t?t43A Santa Cruz Excursion for SanU
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8»«3»
Newark, Centerrllle.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.SanU Cruz and Way
Stations ■•• Btßo *
i •«il»p Newark, CenterTllle, San Jo»e, New
• Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations . »ldi»««
4tlSp San Jose. Glenwood and Way Bta-
tlons....: •!«••
MiiapFelton, SanU Cruz and Way BU-
. tions • /9i2oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnm SIN mHOISCO— Foot of Hirk«t Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a. M. tl:00 *2:00 t3:ot
•4:00 15:03 *8:00r.M.
fr«a 01IUIB— fiet •rßroadwur.— "6:oo-8:00 10:00*. If.
tl2:00 »l:00 <2:00 «3:00 t*:00 •8:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad flange).
; (Third and Townaend Sta.) _ —
•6:1Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. »««8©»
•7iOOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) •StOOA
t7i3OA. Sunday Kxcursion for Santa Cruz,
I'aclflo GroTu and Principal Way
Buttons.^.. JBi»3»
••••a San Jose, Tres riuos, Ranta Cruz,
Pacillo GroTe. Paso Ilobles, San \
I.nls Oiiinpo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4ilO»
I«i4«a San . loss Riid Way KUtlona 0:33*
IItSOA San J«.ae mid Way Stations 1.3O»
•3:45 San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park r
PaTo Alto, SanU Clara. San .lone.
HollUter. Santa . Onw. Salinas.
Monterey and Pacific Grove *I0:80a
*ttSOp San.Tosn. SanU Cruz. Pacific Grova
■ and Principal Wny Rtattona *7:8 Op
•-ItlSp San Joseand Principal Way Stations 9:434
•9:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *«:3.1a,
KiilOp Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations "9:«O*
O>:tOi> San Jose ami Way Stations S:3Op
flli4.lp San Jose ami Way SUtloim t~' 3
A for Morning. P for A teruoon.
•Sunday eTc«'i>ip.l t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
bHaturriar and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday-
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tfburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
; 1:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
' at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at VJM
and 11:30 p. m.
; SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m. I
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
! 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen ' Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
; . : April 16. L -,— I .
Week Sun- 1599. I S-n- j Week
! Days. days. Destination. ' days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am! Novato. 10:40 amj 8:40 am
3:30 pm, 9:30 am! Petuluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
I 6:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa Kcsa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton, •
: T:3oam . Windsor, 10:25 am
Heald&burg',
Lytton,
Geyserville,
; 1:39 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
._ - j- 1 j m
7:30 am Hopland and j 10:25 am
i 3:30 pmj 8:00 am TJklah. 7:35 pmi 6:2opm
I m j - ■ ■ ■ _
: T:3O am '■■:." '.- : 10:25 am
J 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm j 8:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pmj 6:20 pm
T :30 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm 1 i 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Xeiseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at^Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Bnie Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
i Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
! Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvlile,
i Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
! Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion, Little • River,
I Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg ,
! Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonville, Cum-
! mlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
I Scotia and Eureka. ■ . --
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
I reduced rates. .: y - "U ; v , r .-.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
! beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
i H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN. •
General Manager. ■ Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. "
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45,- 3:20. 4:00, •6:00. C:3O v. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— "B:OO, *9:00, »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00, »1:45, *2:30. "4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
• 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays. '
[ Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
J FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25, »6:40. 7:55, 8:40, '10:20
a. m.; 12:30,. 2:15. *3:40, 4135. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS — 7:00. «S:00. *9:45, *10:45. »11:45 I
: a. m.; 1:00. 2:20. »3:30. *5:15. »6:00, 7:00, 10:15
I p. m. -■ '• •
Trains market (•) run to San Quentin. :V. '
j FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 6:50, 7:55, 8:55. 10:33
!a. m. : 12:35, 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m. ,-;.■.-
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:06
1:20, 2:40, 3:55, 5:30. 6:30.. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH. TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week. days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
i THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIR
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2%, 1899. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
; 9:10 am 2 :oSpm Merced 12:40 pm 4:18 pm
I 10:49 am! 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am! 2-4 pm
11:38 am | 7:45 pm ■ Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:15 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
; 11:59 ami 6:25 pmi Vlsalla 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
1 11:15 pm| 8:53 pm Tulare 5:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Marks*
street. -San Francisco. - "*
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry
Cp,»S^enclng SUNDAY. April 23. 1899 *'
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 Dm
da? at W n M °£ day r> ?>dne«lay and Satur-
da in£ Arriv'ing'Vn T F^'aTlfTp *£'"-
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. * W an d 11 a a'and^uT I- M
'■in n and 4 p. m. "
thos rooir t0 *. S «!?S? v and Return - « «•
THOS COOK & SON. A«ts., 621 Market stAND NOW IT IS THE "KISSING BUG"
THIS FATALLY
POISONOUS
INSECT IS AL
READY IN
CALIFORNIA,
SO SAY OUR
LOCAL MEN
OF SCIENCE.
O"tf RE we to have Rn epidemic of bug
f I stings? Telegraphic advices from
I I the- East do more than foreshadow
V, I EUCh an appalling calamity— they
X actually predict It. 'And the future
consequently Is full of dire foreboding: to
all of us who are not either enthusiastic
entomologists or physicians skilled in the
mysteries of clrculative poisons and their
treatment.
II Is— heaven save th« name!-*
ag bug" which is to become the ln
~ .urge of our broad land afcd give
Idsa of death to its victims wher
wid "whenever it llsteth.
This creature, which in reality is a
bugaboo in many sections of our country
fit the present time, has earned its fa
miliar appellation by reason of its seem
ingly peculiar pr< ' : the m.itter of
the locution of Its poisonous stings, the
lips or their Immediate vicinity being the
I - of attack in the great majority of
that have come under public obser
vation.
As the Menalol»stes picipes he has lived
ar.<'. moved and had his being all over the
ever since there was a
United States to live In without attracting
I attention to his Insignificant
ai ■ w iie has suddenly emerged
from his Innocuous condition and gone
upon the warpath. Contented, In the. days
of retirement and innocence, with sticking
n-deallng proboscis into the
- of other bugs and Insects and
g the blood from their vainly pro-
I wriggling bodies, he has of
ped an experimental faculty,
• which, pleasing though it
: him, has already had the ciYect
- whole communities in the
: n Sia-tea.
The trouble began about three weeks
aeo in the District of Columbia, j An emer
gency call was rung in very early one
morning at the Washington Receiving
Hospital and the ambulance hurrying
away brought in a man whose appearance
was a puzzle to the physicians in charge.
His face was swollen to such an extent
that his eyes were completely closed and
the skin over the inflamed parts was of
a fiery crimson and -distended almost to
the point of bursting.
The Ud give no explana':
id attacked him. He
could only -i he had l". .■•
fectly well at bedtime, but on awaking in
the middle of the night had found a slight.
swelling on his upper lip which had in
rapidiy, spreading out over
his cheeks . that by morning Jus
closed and his face
is' to look upon.
is having never rr
such a case before 61 ag
- being the effi--t of r\ ■<■■■ ,;.-.
- disorder, and iifi-r working over
' for thirty-six hours disci
ed to something like his normal
• lon.
This was but the beginning of a novel
but by no me;: able expei
after ens.- cally similar na
was brought to that hospital for
ment, the symptoms of all th< ■
ent persons and the
ist invariably the same. £aeh
and all went to bed w/Ml and awal
■ misery of distortion and suffering:
exception was an expressman,
: ". • d by the strange malady
while lying asleep n>\ his wagon under the
full trlare of the afternoon sun.
Various theories are put forward in ex
planation of the strange disorder, and
physicians disagreed among themselves
as to its cause quite as energetically and
decidedly;.- as did the newspapers and the
public in general. The majority favored
the idea of its being a particularly as
gravated development of the trouble
known as "strawberry .brash." The doc
tors at the Emergency Hospital still stand
by their first expressed opinion^ that it
■was an outward manifestation of a ner-i
vous disease, and a few determinedly de
clared-that nothing but the bite of some
noxious insect would produce such results
as were visible in every instance.
It remained for Mr. Schwartz, connected
■with the division entomology in the De
lent of Agriculture, to solve the
problem, but his solution did not by nv.y
means add any element of comfort to the
BituatJon. Without in the least wishing to
become a martyr for the purpose
• nine his fellow-beings on the subjei I
of the prevailing epidemic of swollen and
A NEW OPERATIC STAR AND AN OLD FAVORITE
MISS ADA WALKER
. At 'the Tivoli, - .;
A MOST DANGEROUS INSECT.
So Says Professor pucr;s, Curator of Entomology of the California
Academy of Sciences.
THE Menalolestes picipes is one of the most dangerous insects m the whole Pacific slope. It is a
great torment to all workers in orchards and often inflicts fatal wounds. Every year hundreds
of farm hands are bittei and I have known several to receive a number of bites on the backs of
their necks in the same forenoon. The species that causes the most trouble is commonly found
beneath stones and rubbish, although when they become plentiful they are found on trees and bushes.
Any person bitten should apply ammonia at once and the danger will be reduced to a minimum. It
would be a good idea for people living in the country to keep a supply of ammonia on hand all the time.
People whose blood is not in the best of condition have the most to fear.
painful flesh, fate thrust that uncomfort
able distinction upon him.
While sitting in his study one day last
week at twilight a beetle-like insect about
tf;. size of a large bee stung him on his
ch< •k. Applying- remedies at once he was
Bayed the pain and Inconvenience which
,'ariably the portion of those who
ai.- attacked In sleep and do not awake
until the poison baa bad time to spread
through adjacent tissues, and then, being
of an investigative turn of mind, he be
gan to search for his. small enemy. He
found him and a companion bobbing
■ ■ room in blundering fashion
against the walls and draperies, and in
revenge for its unwarranted attack lipon
him immediately called it by its rightful
name It was the Menalolestes picipes
that had done all the mischief and was to
blame for all the unlovely faces and pain
ful swellings that the doctors had been
ing their brains over for the past
fortnight, but detection and exposure did
not phase him in the least. Instead of
that, it seemed rather to increase his am
bition, and sighing for new worlds to con
quer and more kinds of people to sting he
and his spread over into Mary
land on the north and Virginia
on the south, and then they began
to' make their unwelcome presence known
In New Jersey, Tennsylvania, New York
and Delaware.
tern summer hotel keepers, both at
aside and In the mountains, are on
the verge of despair, as it is feared that
the creature, which flourishes equally well
In either environment, may invade their
domains and frighten away timid guests.
The Government entomologists encour
y assure us that the Menalolestes
means no harm; that he is by no
means vicious, but that his habit of prob
ing everything with which he comes in
. ct with his sharp-pointed beak leads
him into unintentional mischief, the bacte
rial poison which he accumulates on his
proboscis in his various Investigations
being introduced inadvertently into the
■:, of the human being about whom
Is a practically expressed curiosity.
Other scientists, however, disagree with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9. 1899.
Th[E KISSING BUG.
M'enalolcstes Picipes. prom a Photograph) of the Specimen ir) the California fTcademy of Sciences.
Enlarged Thirty Diameters.
this view of the question and declare that
the hug stings and stings purposely, and
simply because he wants to, and that he
maliciously injects poison of his own con
coction into every puncture which he
makes. Be this as it may, the fact re
mains th:tt .It is just as painful to be
poisoned accidentally as to be stuns pur
posely, and also just as dangerous. A
boy in New Y->rk has ili<>d from the effects
of one of those insects' seemingly inslg
niflcant wounds, and even the California
Menalolestes has awakened from his past
lethargy and put himself on record along
with his Eastern brother by killing a
poor little playful San Jose kitten.
Under these circumstances one can but
ask again, Are we to have an epidemic
of bug-stings?
THE BUG AS
VIEWED BY
SCIENCE.
INCE the reports from the East
V^. about the fatal, ravages of the so-
V) called "kissing bug." California
Km/ scientists have turned their atten-
A. tion to a renewed study of the in-
seel pesi as it exists here. Califor
nita has long been known as a favorite
resort of the insect in question, although
there have been remarkably few casual -
This, however, may be due to the
fact that this part of the country is not
so thickly settled as the eastern portion.
Professor Fuchs, entomologist of the
California Academy of Sciences, has just
made a search through his collection and
found but one specimen of. the species that
do< 9 all the damage.
"This bug is known as the Menalolestes
p] p< »," said Professor Fuchs, as ho
pinned the three-eighths-inch long speci
men up in Croni of the microscopic ram
era to be photographed for The Call.
Then, by a delicate touch by a
pair of tiny tweezers, he twisted and
MISS BLANCHE BATES.
Soon to Appear at the California Theater.
pulled the legs about in all directions,
gave firm tugs to the feelers and pushed
the head here and there until Mr. Menalo
leste* looked as natural as life and as if
just ready to start off to find somebody
to poke his stinger into.
"That is the position he takes when he
crawls," said the professor, as he contem
plated his work. "Now, this Insect Is a
true bug. He has a large number of rela
tives. In fact his family is one of the
largest In the Insect kingdom.
"This goes under the general name of
Reduvloidea. The- mem ers of this family
are both herbaceous and carnivorous. They
feed on the juices of plants and fruit and
on other insects. They will even become
cannibals should necessity drive them to
it.
"Their particular feed, however, is the
caterpillar. They drive their beaks into
one of the crawling insects and simply
suck it to death by removing every drop
of Its blood.
"No part of this country is exempt
from the ravages of these Insects. There
are two distinct species found in Califor
nla -the Menalolestes picipes and the
Menalolestes ai/dominalis. The latter,
however, does not appear to have ever
been caught in the act of stinging, al
though there Is little doubt but that It
could be as poisonous as the other. Thera
is very little difference between them, ex
cept In the color of the wings. In this re
gard the insect belongs to the species
known as Heteropterous Hemipetra.
"As far as 1 have been able to discover
the Menalolestes picipes makes its home
under stones, falien logs and the bark of
rotten trees. A rubbish heap is a good
place to look for them.
"The habits of the insect place it among
the swift runners, it is very hard to
catch them in the day time and at night
they fly, but of this there is a good deal
yet to be studied, as there is about all
nocturnal Insects. This one is a terror in
more ways than one and I count it as
one of the most dangerous insvcls on the
who!e Pacific Slope.
"The calling of the Menalolestes picipes
the 'kissing bug' is surf ly not right. The
HYSTERIA IN ANIMALS.
That animals are subject to attacks of
hysteria ie a discovery only lately made
by physicians. Tet the two cases re
corded in the Neurologisches Centralblatt
by Dr. H. Higler seem to leave no doubt
about the matter.
The animals that were affected were a
cat and a canary respectively. The cat,
■which was nine months old, 'healthy and
active, was one day deeply bitten in the
back by a dog and immediately fell down
paralyzed. When Dr. Higier first saw It
five or six weeks after the Injury, it
walked only with its fore paws, dragging
its body and hind limbs. There was com
plete loss of sensation In the hind paws
and in the hinder third of the body, both
sides of the abdomen and puck of the
animal being Indifferent to deep punctures
with a needle and to hot applications, but
it always responded ti> gentle touching of
the front half of the body. The tail wan
paralyzed, but none of the limbs atro
phied, as is usual in such cases.
Dr. Higi^r considered that tho cat w.-is
suffering from an inflammation of the
spinal cord, but what occasioned him sur
prise was the fact that the animal gave
no positive signs other than the paralysis.
One day the servant girl, being curious
to see whether the. cat would fall on all
fours, as cats usually do. threw it from
the first floor of the house on to the pave
ment. As a matter of fact, it alighted on
all fours. Immediately ran away and was,
contrary to expectation, completely cured
of its sensory and motor paralysis, which
had lasted for more than two months.
The cat, therefore, really had no lesion
of tli<- spinal cord at all and all its symp
toms were due to the fright experienced
by the bite of the dog. Lji other words.
the cat was manifestly suffering from an
attack of hysteria.
Dr. FJlgler'a second case showed itself
in a canary whose cage, with the bird in
it, waH pulled down from the wall by a
cat. but Dr. Hlgier interposed before the
cat seized it. Tlv- bird lay on the bottom
of the cage, stiff as if dead, but was re
vived by sprinkling with cold water, after
which it was lively, took its food well
and showen no abnormality except that
from having been a fine singer it became
silent.
For six w.-f-ks the bird never uttered a
n"'<'. then this condition passed < >fr" quite
unexpectedly <nd tin- ■•anary once mnrc
very well. Dr. Hirier.also refers
to shr<->e cases mentioned by i>r. Tou
rette In wliich dogs showed hysterical
symptoms.
With a population of 5,500,000, London
harbors every flay 120 .000 strangers. Some
may remain a week, some a month, but
all the year around there is an average of
i visitors wim are within the Metro
politan boundaries.
CLIMATIC CON
DITIONS OF
THIS STATE
SEEM TO BE
SUCH THAT
ITS POISON
HERE IS NOT
SO DEADLY.
fact that people have, been bitten on the
lips with fatal results denotes nothing,
because the bug will bite, or sting, into
any part of a human being that it comes
into contact with. Of course it is only
natural, considering that the insect does
most of its prowling ai night, that it
should fly against people's faces, as that
is the only portion of the body that is un
covered.
"Of my own experience, I have never
known death to ensue as the result of the
bite of the Menalolestes picipes. But I
have heard of a number of fatal cases
and have no doubt that the report was
reliable.
"The worst that I ever knew that hap
pened in California was in an orchard not
far from this city. A farm hand was out
trimming trees. It was early In March
and the day was quite warm.
'•Suddenly the man gave a yell and put
his hand up to the back of his neck.
Everybody crowded around and looked at
the place the man indicated, but could see
nothing.
"We all thought at first that it was a
spider that had bitten the man, but he
soon gave another yell and said he had
been bitten again further down the back.
Turning down his collar, we found the
inject that had done the business.
"By this time the first bite had com
menced to swell and become very red.
The man groaned in agony, but we were
powerless to do anything except hurry
him "ff to a doctor.
••This naturally took some time, and the
man was in pretty bad condition when
help came to him. For hours the doctor
was unable to afford the least relief and
the man suffered agonies.
"It was several days before the poor
fellow was out of danger, and he needed
the constant attention .of the doctor. At
one time his neck swelled up to nearly
■w ee the natural size and he was a most
awful-looking object. Convalescence was
slow but he finally pulled through and
the doctor said it was about as close a
aye as he ever met with in his practice.
•'1 have known of numerous other cases
of men being stung. Orchardmen have
been Btung on the hands, wrists and the
backs of their neoks. Some of them suf
fered agonies and had to take to their
beds, while others merely were incon
venienced for a few hours.
•The reason for this I cannot account
for except that it whs the condition of the
. blood. Weak, thin or diseased blood
would naturally have less resistance to
the poison than strong, healthy blood.
And on the Other hand, the poison in
.. c t( d Horn the insect might be of differ
', nt strength at different times. An m
seot 'hat had lain dormant for some hours
would be more likely to eject a stronger
poison than one that had been active for
several hours and perhaps been forced to
defend itself on several occasions.
"There are some who hold to the idea
that the poison that causes so much dam
age to the human race is merely bacteria
that has accumulated on the end of the
insect's probe. In hunting for blood food,
they claim that this probe is driven into
the flesh and the bacteria naturally left
■in the wound.
"But this is not so. The insect secretes
poison ami ejects it at the instant of mak
ing ;he puncture. It has a full set of
poison glands similar to the mosquito.
Were the poison merely collected, as some
claim, it would be of many different kinds
and would produce a result in accordance
with the poison that had been collected.
"I call the Menalolestes picipes a most
dangerous insect for several reasons.
First, because it flies at night, when peo
ple are asleep and unable, or unlikely, to
defend themselves against it until they
have been stung. Secondly, its sting can
prove deadly. And thirdly, few people
think the bug is dangerous. Small chil
dren like its red color and might play
with one with fatal results.
"J'>ut there is a sure and simple remedy.
That is ammonia. If you get stung put a
drop on the wound ami you will not run
much danger of fatal results"
HEAT OF THE EARTH
Professor Agassiz has been for several
years pr^t. with the assistance of Mr.
Preston and C. F. West, making rock
• rature observations while the min
;•.'rations of the Calumet and Hecla
my were going on.
They speak as follows: "We have now
attained a vertical depth of 4712 foot and
have taken temperatures of the rock 105
feet; at the depth of the level of Lake
Superior, 655 feet; at that of the level of
the s-ea, 1257 feet; at that of the deepest
part of Lake Superior, 1663 feet, and at
four additional stations, each respectively,
60, SKI and US( feet below the pre
ceding one, the deepest points at wnlch
ti-mpcratures have been taken being 4580
feet.
""We propose when we have reached
our final depth. 4900 feet, to take an addi
tional rock temperature and to publish
the details of our observations. The high
est rock temperature obtained at the
(Kpth of 4550 feet was 79 degrees Fahr.
The rock temperature at a depth of 105
f..-et was 59 degrees Fahr. Taking that
as the depth unaffected by local changes
we have a column of 4475 feet of rock,
with a difference of one degree for every
2-4 feet. The crust of the earth would be
over eighty miles in thickness, except In
places where !t has been reduced by sub
terranean convulsions.
"If there is a rise of one degree for
every 224 feet there is a four-degree rise
every ' MHI feet, or about a twenty-five-de
gree' rise every mile. According to this,
bj penetrating the earth fifty miles the
temperature reached would be 1250 degrees
Fahr. A hole KP miles deep will brir.g the
temperature* up to about 6000 degrees
Fahr."
Costume Rosa Bonheur Really Wore.
There is a widespread impression that
the late Rosa Bonheur was in the habit
of wearing men's attire. This is only par
tially true. She -dressed as a man while
at work in her studio, because this dress
gave her greater freedom of action while
working on her canvases, which were
often of large size.
In pursuit of her studies of horses her
i. vorite subjects, she also found this cos
tume convenient. AVith her strong mas
culine face and short hair she passed very
v.. 11 an a man. ami found that she attract
ed less attention among the horse markets
in this dress than in the usual garb of a
woman. Hence it became her usual at-
V.v- on these excursions.
•\t home, on the street and in the usual
walks of lite she wore a plain black dress
without display of any sort. When going
out she donned a plain black bonnet, and
became simply a rather large woman, no
ticeable only for the strength of her ma
tures and the keen penetration of her
dark eyes. She was fond of wearing the
ribbon of the Legion of Honor.
The fir tree Is the commonest of all
trees, being fuund in every part of the
world.
3132
FR^TERN^IL.
Continued From Page Twenty-Bight
secretary; Mrs. M. F. Lou . ' ,V
Mrs A. J. Hartwick, right guide; Miss H.
Gannon, left guide; Mrs. William Frank
lin Marpo. Inside guard; Hrs F. Sanders,
outside guard, and Mrs. M. [go. organist
After tli.- Installation Mrs. Weisel, th< re
tiring chief, was presented with a jewel
of her new rank and with a past cmez ■
cortliicat and in accepting thereof made
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
During the past week High Chief
Ranger Boehm; in company with High
Court Treasurer Lunt. paid an official vis-
It to Court Azelia. and after ah exem
plification of the work they were the
guests of honor at a banquet. They also
visited Court Advocate in Oakland, where
there was an exemplification of the work
by the initiation of several candidates by
the board of deputies in a most satis
factory manner. ■
The deputies of Oakland have Issued a
challenge to the deputies of San Fran
cisco for a contest in ritualistic work.
The high chief ranger, high court treas
urer and permanent secretary next will
visit Court Butter Fort of Sacramento,
where they will on Friday Install the of
ficers, and he same night the officers of
Independence Circle, Companions of the
Forest, will be Installed by Supreme
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. E. Fal
coner, assisted by Mrs. L. E. Polk of
Merced. ,
The deputies of Alameda County met In
Giers Hall last Monday evening. (M.
Boehm, 11. C. It., was present. The fol
lowing dates for Installation of officers
and official visits wen arranged: Wednes
day, July 5, Court Advocate, Oakland;
Thursday, July 6, Court Holland, West
Oakland; Monday. July 10, Court Alam -
da Oakland, and Court University, Berke
ley; Tuesday, July 11, Court Knaresbor
oughi Oakland; Thursday. July 13, Court
mont and Court Triumph, Oakland;
Thursday July 27, Court Grant, East Oak
land. . y __
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Last week Supreme Grand Chief Com
panion Mrs; Falconer, Sub Chief Mrs.
Ash, Treasurer Mrs. Bennett, Secretary]
Mrs. Morrow, Right Guide Miss McNor
ton and Left Guide Mrs. Miller paid an
official visit to Mazzlni Cricle and had a
most enjoyable visit. The officers were
accompanied by visitors from Loyal and
other local circles. After the meeting
they \ver<> entertained in that hospitable
manner for which this circle is noted. Ihe
same officers also visited Liberty Circle.
They also visited California Circle last
Wednesday night, and on that occasion
they were accompanied by Mrs. L. E. oik
of Merced John Falconer. P. S. G. C. C;
Mrs. Follett, P. S. G. H.. and George J.
Berger " G S R. G. A number of mem
bers from local circles accompanied the
officers on their visit, and the board of
deputies, who that night installed the of
ficers of the circle. On Thursday night
the grand officers paid a fraternal visit to
Eureka Circle.
The officers of Mazzini Circle will be
publicly installed to-morrow night in
Washington-squa«e Hall, at Stockton and
Union streets. After the ceremony there
will be a ball. j
On Thursday evening last Mizpah Circle
grave a dance, which proved a very suc
cessful affair. Quite a number of visitors ,
wire present from San Francisco and
Oakland circles. In consequence of Miz
pah's meeting falling on the Fourth of
July its officers were installed in the hall
of Piedmont Circle last Thursday evening.
Piedmont Circle will give a public in- i
stallation on Thursday, July 20.
Last Monday night the following officers
of Loyal Circle were installed by Deputy
Mrs Mary Large, assisted by Mrs. Vir
ginia Cervaili and Mrs. R. P. Sale: Mrs.
Mary Bostrom P. C. C; Mrs. Maggie
Morrison. c. c. Mrs. Angle well, S. C. !
C • Miss Bailey, T. ; Mrs. F. N. Morrow,
F. S. ; Mrs. A. Senna, R. S.; Miss Eva
Bryant H. G.; Mrs. N. E. Sanborn, L. G. ;
Mrs. Mary Large, O. G.
Next Monday the supreme grand officers ;
will visit Sherwood Circle. On the nth
they will go to Washington Circle and
on Wednesday they will go to Artimas |
Circle.
THE ANCIENT ORDER OF DRUIDS.
At the recent session of the Grand '
Grove a change was made in the consti- ;
tution of the subordinate groves so as to
conform with the law of the Supreme j
Grove in the matter of charges and trials, j
It was decided that the first meeting night j
In the month of February of each year
should be a memorial night in the subor- !
dinate groves in respect to the memory
of those of the grove who during the [
year have passed away, the exercises to
be either private or public, as the grove
may elect. The per capita tax was In
creased from •■?! to $1 20. A motion to re
duce the number of representatives and
to pay mileage and per diem was lost.
The next session of the Grand Grove will
be held in San Francisco.
During the past week Aurora Grove
conferred the third degree; Hesperian
Grove initiated one candidate. Concordia
Grove initiated two and Tomales Grove,
conferred the second degree on candi- !
dates.
WOOJ3MEN OF THE WORLD
Last Monday night Golden Gate Camp
had a large meeting, when twenty-Jive
candidates were initiated. To-morrow
night there will be a business meeting, to
be" followed by a members' social enter
tainment. There will be a good pro»
gramme of musical and athletic events.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
Last Wednesday night several candi
dates received the warrior's degree in
Manzanita Tribe.
Althomas Tribe has during the past
term made the greatest gain in member
" THE CREDIT HO USE" ];
Six Stories High <
i The Morris Easy Chair — ;
[easy for the weary — easy;
[of adjustment. Easily;
I bought. Large, comfort- 1
[ably upholstered. Wide,;
! strong arm rests $4,50 \
[ We've something new in a smaller j
! Morris Chair for ladies: finely uphol- 1
1 stered in moire and corderoy. Elegance, |
I comfort, durability, 512.50 to 5.00. <
> A plump, soft cushion for sofa or
[couch in fancy figured creton, pretty |
f ruffled finish; 20 inches, square, 45c '
m , 1
[ CARPET DEPARTMENT j
> Linoleum Remnants— The arrival of ]
►two carloads of linoleum calls for room j
[ — fine lot of remnants in great var-(
k iety of patterns; many bright colors. I
* Brighten up the hall* room orj
[small kitchen. An aid to cleanliness)
> and summer comfort. ' ; <
[.' 45c. quality 25c. ]
[ 65c. quality 35c 1
k 70c. quality 4 c. . '
[ With our 40-foot electric carpet sew-!
\ ing maching we are able to handle our 1
[immense carpet trade with equil satis- ]
[ faction and profit to both our customers 1
1 and ourselves. It's the only one on the <
[coast. Carpets sewed on it last longer'
[and wear better than hand-sewed. 1
>■ ! rtf delivery. Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley . i
» M. FRIEDMAN £ CO., ;
I 233 to 237 Post St.. " y
1 Open evenings NearSicckton \
' _. — ~ ~~ . i -V - TToio'o ' i ; > TTnip's . - »i •• Hales. *. " ' I Hales.
Hale . I Hales. _____J Hale's.^ ___J ' __J Hale ' B^__ L - Z^ZZZ^ _—~~l— — ' — » ' — "
immBBIBBBIim^MBaiMMB^^
+ -♦- • . . "inrf . ij ■ '• Silk in Waist Lengths — 3!-: yards lengths H
A9c table dean up ; here is a list of snaps * of $1.25 silk that would figure about «
ail at one little price; you will surely find A&&s% MBOA Ar J(U MR* ' . ' $4.35 a waist. We have cut the price to g
something in the lot you will want. We fsir^ fflk f^ ' Yd ' 9^ " hurr y the selling ; satin stripes, fancy n
notice among the many lines selected 400 W _ _ '^•'J §'■■'■ ft %j| ■ • ' checks and fancy swivels, 19 and 20- inches g
yards colo ed silk fringe, worth 15c and 2: i^»w ■— ■ ■ TYmf9Sifßof^^ m hhhhhmih ■<& wide, in a big assortment of styles and co Q
Wash goods- domestics. WUxt ivaa/Ic ara Muslin Underwear. jj
celleftt quality; will wear like iron; strongly stitched, dry ironed^, hand A ' Ladies' Gowns-Good heavy, soft finished muslin, high neck and turned- ■
torn ■■"■ ■■;■■, ■'■■ ', "\ ''. __* . a /^BI/\O i%(\^ 1% £\W7 ■ down collar with lawn ruffle all around and on cuffs, tucked yoke and emby. ■
Hale's Famous Double Warp Pillow Capes, for heavy hotel use not a I I■ v M BSf-*g 'Bill WW ruffled front; the regular price is 75c; 124 left to be closed out at 59c ■
finely woven fabric, but heavy; a double thread in the warp makes it almost VllVit 1/ Vi ill/ TT • Ladies' Muslin Drawers-Good heavy, soft finish muslin. 3 tucks and 1%- ■
non-ripable: will stand rdugh usage; .46x36 J.Jc eacn, oux^b x.»^ . £ • ' :/ .: ' inch lace ruffle on bottom; 140 pair to be placed on sale, beginning to-mor- ■
6500 yards Wash Goods— Organdies, lawns and dimities; 29 to 31 inches row • ; l»:te H
wide; some of the season's most popular patterns show . broken, assortments; . - the Ffl^f"-. Ladies' Drawers— Good heavy, soft finish muslin, 2-inch embroidery ruffle J*
white grounds with colored figures in black, dark blues, etc.; the Bc^and 10c ill Uliw i-cioi.. ^ Qn bottom> extra wide# on sale> beff i n ning to-morrow 35c g
quality to be closed out at > •. ....oc yara Eastern makers are clearing lots. Stocks that were thrown buck on Ladies' Umbrella Drawers— Made of superior muslin, deep, cambric ruffle; S
3500 yards 25-inch Percales; dark red grounds, with white figures; a big thejr - ,j fortunes of trade are now being rushed out to cash imitation hemstitched and 2-inch embroidery ruffle on bottom; at Hale's, be- g
line to be closed out to-morrow •* a-—*- ><" J -lliiji- *»vi v* ginning to-morrow «»uc _
TAB! DAMASK— pieces of bleached table damask; 70 inches wide; bidders. Manufacturers turn with belated lines to the larger merchants Misses' and Children's Drawers— Good quality muslin, 3 fine tucks, deep S
every thread linen; to be closed out. beginning to-morrow; it is the «5c qual- f 0: relief. Hale's California stores are large consumers, and many a hem, worked button holes; for children from 3to 10 years of age; at Hale's, _
Itv the price at Hale's •'•• •*•■ ' 50c yard U .■ . . "» •  ~" beginning to-morrow I— %c ■
'" Hleached Twill Towel'ing-17 inches wide: linen and cotton mixed: a-7%c maKer sou S nt re ' iel Trom mem ' Ladies' White Skirts-Made of good heavy muslin, plenty wide 5-inch cam- Q
line to bedoS ll lZ°l\ Ch . e £ -« yard CalHOPnifl " brie ruffle on bottom; a good skirt for vacation wear; at Hale's, beginning J|
Bleached Muslin-One yard wide; fine, soft finish muslin; exceptionally ■» COllTOPnia. to-morrow M p
good; must be seen to be appreciated; 3 cases to be closed out, beginning to- These cash bought lots are here, landed at a low cost and | „--<. ».|'KKa«io l-l €1 « A l/^r r>Yl I£±s C H
morrow :•••• • .■■■;:'■;■; A ' 'i u^'^ii'^'t'i'i^ priced accord ngty, to insure rapid selling. Moreover, the season is LitCCS -77, riDDOnS T lianUiverCIIICIS. ».* !
m for ail size beds: : *"** " the & * ' ' ending. Many lines, popular a month ago, show broken assortments r*w, Can help but save money this week. Here are a few hints— not ■
32 ] c quality 54x90 . iiSc 37% c quality, 72x90 Itsc odd sizes, o'phan lots, etc These must be disposed of while there is spoken of. B
35c-quality. 63x90.. .3Oc 42 c quality. 81x90 30c weanng time ahead Goods cannot be . sold where no demand exists , so , Jf^SST^A; weTotic^ In^e^^^de^Sci^fa^^Si^ g
4dc quaiuj, »uxau -«-^ c se ; m g mu^ be hurried. Prces must be cut, for the season is pass- machine torchons, etc., worth from 15c a yard up; all at one price on the tag
OntinO- suits and iaCketS. ' mgi and that is why prices are lower at Ha-es. ; ||^^SaSkSh^^ S
* I ' I1 *» »^*^iv«^ •-» v A sy^^A^N^>^yvsA^ysyvA-v^^vs^s^^^ bour edge; a dainty little 'kerchief bought at a little price; cheap enough to g
A good time to save. Broken lines, but plenty to pick from. Wondrously • '* N<A^ ' — ~~^^~~~~~~~~~~,^r^m lose; on the tables, beginning to-morrow : each 4c g
low nrC ps • lw:ilsnAmr An^ofiv npHiir^H ?Z Ladies' Plain Cambric Hemstitched Handkerchiefs— Also hemstitched with f$
iqw pr.ces. millinery greatly PeOUCea. . » lace cor ners; over 1500 handkerchiefs in the lot purchased in the East by q
CoS Jackets for Your Vacation; black blue or brow^; cheviot or broad . Sav,ng T,me in MUinery— Trimmed hats and trimmings a, Hale's California stores at a big saving for you; to-morrow S^Sg 15c |
cloth: will you be among the fortunate purchasers? we nave come pearly. prices you wou | d nard y believe. The s=ason is rapidly advaac- ribbon is pure silk; just what want stripes are popular this year; this ■
close; will you be among the 29 fortunate purchasers? Better SSFl^Jj^ pr , C es you would hardly believe. The s?ason is rapidly advanc- rib bon is" pure silk; just what you want for an outing hat or a sash; 3 3-8 in. ■
• ...... ••.-••»•» ec . Many lines are cut to close. Some are cut in half. Will wide, in the most desirable shadings; for you at Hale's yard 12% c ■
15 Jackets- black, blue and tan cheviots, kersey or whip cords: some that * ' / . a
sold for $15 reduced to «5; some that sold for $18.50 reduced to $7.50 give you an idea of the conditions . • - "Ma C o xr&f C • H
Black and Navy Cheviot Cloth Suits; mostly tight-fitting jackets; silk- Prettily trimmed hats, worth twice as much, from $1 to $6 LlLlie IllOllCy V CIS. ; 9
lined; skirt well made and thoroughly lined, the ■ $10 suits cu^ to *«.45 each Children's summer hats neat as can be, from 50C to $2 each \ 600 balls of Crochet Cord in a blg assortment of colors; worth 5c a spool; 1
andioSf buttons "jacket all' i.^l'ned SiVS" 1 th^rouS' .Rough and ready sailors, with nets of lioerty Ilk. quills to close them out to-morrow ... $& |
fin^d^ blue 'and tan mixtures; a swell little outfit and a perfect fit: sold for $15 • and fl;wers " ' .. $1.00 to $1.50 each | mgs COl . Bead . Dress . Trimmings-k .*"..* inch -wide; ... good, shad- g
and $16.50 a suit; closing them out at each' A big lot of ' quillson the table at . lc each i " g Crown' Knitting Silk— Good assortment of desirable colors; at Hale's..^.... |
Dre^^ Q'OOdS notices V An endless varlety of of ail kmds from t0 25c each •iMohai^FSrSci^dl^^a^^ S
i-Sl\,*2j g^w\*J liunvvui w^ wvw^ ww^ vvvvvv^ vs^^ inches wide; are you making a vacation dress? Here is a chance at a say- ■
Just Received another lot of our Black Satin Duchesse; 24 inches wide • '^a^^^s^s^^^^^>avs^^^ka^ ing ". ••••• • yard 5c g
85c yard. :' . : ' ' -' ; -• ' _ j Hale's Imperial Writing Paper— 6o sheets of paper and 60 envelopes in a g
Black French Grenadines— We have cut the price in half on all our 44-inch ♦_..,, — *• (&^Jof?~~i£w ' .:". "7M '""_! -4* - ' "* f. 7T~. *" box for ..-• • ••• •••••' ■■,■■;"",,
Black Grenadines; we have cut to close them out; every yard originally sold Deimel Linen I j£3b M. 40*>^^^ Deep Cuts Tinted Paper— sheets and 24 envelopes; good quality paper; daintily H
at $: a yard- one of the most popular fabrics of the season; here is a" chance for Mesh U derwear ! Iff/ /M/ (££&& <9fs&> Q*£&'<*&3g2' ln Milliner/ at j tinted; in a box IoC B
you to-morrow • :..J?1.50 j■ At Hales. £ MV f^-i^r ~Z~^^^ Hales. picture Frames to hold two cabinet photos; made of leatherette; neat as B
A few pieces left of our Black English Alpaca; to be closed out at......./- 4- » ia "■■ a °° OOOI^^ + 4. can be; pretty for a gentleman's bedroom ... ...15c B
a iew pittceb iciL vi. v » lf)c yard , .... _ Hale's Lead Pencils— Made for Hales California stores; medium, soft and ■
•••••;••••■•••••.•• .^ 'io^'' We 'insVVeceived'' a" nice '"assortment "of Black, 935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. hard; per dozen 2."> c B
I I 1.. San Francisco , s G , Ma,l.o de House. t^°^^!^^.?™r™*.^?\!™^ |
.-hip—l 36 net— and it will be awarded the j
• 1 Council prize of $100.
Teams from the following tribes will
the contest for the Great Council
prize during the Great Council Bession:
Modo . Osceola, WTiite Eagle, Bald Eagle,
as and Monadnock.
Ii is expected that at the next '^reat
Council there will bo male a showing of
a net increase of at least 350.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Thf grand chancellor will visit, all the j
local lodges In Pythian Castle In this cltj
to-morrow night except Nos. li" and 14L 1 ,
and he will visit them on the following
night. On each of thfse nights the lodges
will meet in joint session.
A new ]u<]£e is being organized in Te
hama County and another in Merced
ty.
A new company nf the Uniform Rank
1 ;is been instituted at Pomona and an
■ ther at Eureka.
RAISING OF CHIEFS.
Names of the Principal Ones of Each
Local Tribe Who Are to Be
Installed.
The following is a list of all the prin- !
cipal chiefs of tribes of the Improved
Order c.f Red Men, who are to be raised |
up, which is the term used In thai order
for installation, at a joint meeting of all !
the local tribes in < "I,| )•', [lows' Assembly
Hall, on Thursday night next:
Manzanita Tribe — C. iiruan, sachem; W. Y.
Nelßh, sasamw; H. Van Houten. junior I
• re; L. A. Grade, prophet; .'. L. Grif- ■
fith. chief of records; Henry A. Chap", keeper
<_.! wamDiim.
Miantanomah Tri>>- J. F. K<-lly. S. ; W. T!.
Clack 9 S ; H. Jameson, J. 8.; A. Rudolph,
P ; c. L Ludwig, C. of li. ; W. Rotrosky, K.
of W.
I'..!i .inachee Tribe— J. C. Hay, S. ; O. F.
Brackett, S. S.; T. A. Brown, .T. S. ; J. I>.
Harman, P.; W. Nutall, C. of X. ; F. Pederson,
K. of W.
Pocahontas Tribe— C. F. Kapp, 8. ; S. Stev
ens, S S. ; F. Melender, J. S. ; A. Andrews, P.;
F. D. Brandon, C. of X. ; E. Connoley, K. of
w.
.yome TrlbP— W. Tipgay, S. ; J. .1. King-
Bton S S ■ J. Nelsen, J. S. ; H. J. <i >ll^r, P.;
'.' W. Westall, C. t>f R . C. Fowler,. K. r,f W.
Semfnole Trlb^— Th. Lacoflte, S. . C. I-alane,
E .-.. J. Meillette, .T. s. ; A. Laplace, P.; K.
I.avlgne, C. of R. ; J. Loustalet, K. of W.
Modoc Triiie J. Wilson, H.. I. 0. . Varney,
S 8.; M. S. Kramer. J. S. ; M. J. Hoey. P.;
li. Muller, C. of R. : IT. A. Lewis. K. ..f W.
Wiiinemucca Tribe— V. Goodrich, S. ; F. R.
Orelia, S. S. ; C. F. de Bcroa, J. S. ; H. Daw
lon, P.; U. L. Stacey, C. of^J. : A. Cheißnon,
K. of W.
cola Tribe— R. H. f'hildPrs. S. ; F. J.
Biuiinhauer, 3. S. ; C. W. Le Baron, J. B.; H.
J Phillips, R; P. b. Seymour, C. of R. ; N.
Rose. K. of W. , ,
White Eagle Tribe— L. J. Fortm, S. : J. J.
ReLnutt S S ■ A. Hausman, P.; F. W. Kat
telmann, C. ot R. : J: H. Rippe, K. of W.
Bald Eagle Trlbe-'F. KeweU, S.; E. T.
Johnson B H. : I> H. Enemark, .1 B ; W. .1.
N odder. P.; M. J. Bfagulre, K. of it.; S. L,.
(->.!,. K. of W
\rapahue Tribe— L 'tt'liiteman, S. ; I/. Cran
wall. S S.; C. M. Btrome, J. S.; G. Bossert. I.:
11 Walker, C of it.: H. I-:. Cole, K. of W.
Montezuma Tribe— J. C. Jeffres, S. : C. l£.
Sargent S S.: George H. Cabanlss. J. S. ; H.
D H m P.; T. W H. Swan, C. of R.; G. S.
. K. it W.
• Altahmos Tribe— F. G. Thornton. S. ; V. F.
N irthrop, B. S.; J. 11. HuthaflL P.: A. L. Hol
dei C oi X. : J. Hanson, K. of W.
Ahwashte Tribe— W. Reid, S. ; 8. Keeley. S.
P ■ T H. Lord, J. B.: J F. O'Connor, I.; J.
T 'Carroll C. of R. ; R. H. Breymer, K. of w.
The new tribe, Monadnock, bavtng been in
ftltuted 'm tin- Ist of last June, the chiefs were
I iip at that time, consequently they will
not be Installed next Thursday, but they nnd
the members of the tribe will be present The
chiefs Ot that tribe am: F. L. Griffiths, sa-
Q H. S^pllum, Benlor sagamore; F. H.
Si ward, Junior sagamore; Dr. J. A. Horn,
prophet; G. H. Mauerhahn, chief of records.
and Walter F. Foster, keeper of wampum.
A Farewell Reception.
The Epworth Leaguers of this city will
give a farewell reception to the delegates
to the Internationa! Convention at the
Central Metnodist Church on Tuesday
evening, the lltn inst., at 8 o'clock. I. J.
Truman will preside, and addresses will
b<t delivered by Dr. J. A. B. Wilson, Dr.
John Hannon of Alamod.?. Dr. Beard, T.
B. Hutchineon Esq. of Napa, H. Norton
Esq. of San Jose, W. H. Waste Esq. of
Oakland and others. The new Epworth
League poster which is to create a aensa
tion through the F.ast will be on exhibi
tion, and specially pr-jparcd souvenir
copies will be presented to each person
[ir» .^•■nt. A cordial invitation is extended
to all, whether members of the league or
not.
The delegates expect to leave the latter
part of the week for Indianapolis, the seat
of the convention.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1899.
The Summer Man and
What He Should
Wear.
IT very frequently happens that the
summer girl overshadows the summer
man. Not In importance— far from
that, as he is the mosf important item
ln th._- whole campaign. He is dressed
for, longed for and squabbled for. He
is overshadowed in the matter of clothes.
Those who cater to men and model their
fashions are not held In such high esteem
as those who do the same thing for the
fair sex. Indeed, men are considered just
a wee bit above the frivolities of dress,
and yet, if the truth were known, many
of them are more finicky find fussy about
the s. t of their coats and trousers than
the average woman.
These "lords of creation" have Just as
many infinitesimal changes in tne cut of
their trousers, the length of their coats,
the twist of their scarfs, the brims of
their hats, the shape of their shoes and
the color of th<'ir shirts as have their fe
male relations.
And these little differences, so slight in
themselves uh to be almost imperceptible
to the uninitiated are so marked to the
well informed man that he can detect a
past fashion in a glance. Therefore, it
behooves those who would cater to the
well groomed man to inquire into and
then set forth some of the novelties of
the season for his reading: as well as de
voting pages to the information of his
womankind.
For this season the newest dress shirts
have wide bosoms and two buttonholes.
The cuffs are attached. Gray suede
gloves are still worn, though the prefer
ence now seem to be given to dark tan
Jn handkerchiefs fine linen with narrow
hemstitched border and embroidered ini
tial is en regie for the perfectly dressed
man.
For business wear the ever favorite
double-breasted sack coat is me style
the waistcoat should match. If a single
breasted coat is worn the trousers must
match; if a double-breasted coat the
trousers may be of different material A
derby must be worn with this costume
Colored shirts with cuffs attached are
good form for morning wear, but the col
lar must be of white linen. The Ascot
four-in-hand or "once over" tie is used*
with this costume. The shoes are of rus
set or calf, laced.
For evening wear the little dinner
jacket or Tuxedo is used for informal oc
casions. Twill silk roll collars will be
made on this jacket, and a pique waist
coat is usually worn with it. White twill
silk waistcoats also promise to be pop
ular. *
Three forms of collars are now used—
the straight stand up, the stand up with
turned corners, the points of which are
rounded, and the round pointed double
upright.
The golf jacket for this year is green,
which many consider not altogether an
improvement on the old scarlet jacket,
Which lent such a tone of color to the
links. Golf knickers are made tighter at
the knees and less baggy over the hips
than formerly. Thick stockings -of green
tartan plaid are worn, and gaiters are no
longer en regie. L,ow shoes are better for
outdoor sports than ordinary walking
shoes. *
From London the information corn's to
us that there is no change in the shape
of top hats this year. Ttvy are still slight
ly bell-shaped, with the leaf somewhat
less curled than last year. The Prince
wears a broader leaf than is commonly
seen and flatter in the rim than last year.
Frock coats are very much worn in the
West End at present, but when the
weather gets warmer open morning coats
are to be tht; thing. The Prince's heavy
overcoats have velvet cuffs, but that
fashion has not found favor, being of
French importation.
A new fad in underwear is the knee
length "pants." This abbreviated style is
destined to "till a long felt want" with
wheel and golf dr-votees. The innovation
bids fair to revolutionize the trade. Its
advocates reason that there is relatively
no more use for a "continuous per
formance" on the legs than on the arms
in hot weather.
Among certain of the real smart set gold
buttons on full dress waistcoats are af
fected. The wearer's monogram often ap
pears in bas relief.
Black silk and satin broad end ties, with
plain band and artistically embroidered
ends, are much affected. Some new ef
fects in rumehunda neckerchiefs are now
used to complete man's outfit for the gen
tler sports. They are worn as sashes. Bl
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. "A*. C. Jenkins. .
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
E. A. Woods, D.D.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers. ' ,
St Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
6'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prendergast,
v. a
St. Mary's (Paultst). I'upont and Califor
nia streets— Rev. Father Wyman.
St. John's Church. Old St. Mary's College-
Rev. Peter D. Brady.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, between Third
and Fourth.
St. James, Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets— Rev. P. R. Lynch.
First Christian. Twelfth street, near How
ard—Rev. F. S. Ford. • ■
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
and Clement street— P. Coombe.
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, be
tween Mission and Valencia. m
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
. corner Twelfth and .Stevenson streets-
Rev. F. W. Fischer.
Trinity. Bush and Gough streets— Rev. H.
S. Hanson.
First English Lutheran. 1319 Geary street,
near Gough— Rev. E. Nelander. .
California Street M. E., corner California
and Broderick streets— Rev. Frederick C.
Lee. , ' ■"*■•'"-• ;■;'"■■
Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh— Rev. Charles
.Edward Locke.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, corner Twenty
first and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Simpson Memorial; corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
cycle hose this year is of the unobtrusive
class. Fancy tops are still proper, but the
colors and designs are quieter and neater.
All bicycle trousers are made with cuffs
which button at the side, but these are
now mad" of the same materials as the
body of the garment. Full suits of the
same material are not worn by the mak
ers of fashion, but light trousers with a
fancy check or plaid are the thing, with a
sack coat of solid dark color.
The stylish shoe is laced low. but not
so extremely as before, the tops being
above the ankles. This style not only pre
vents the accumulation of sand and small
stones in the shoes, but also conceals the
connection between the footless riding
hose and the ordinary socks. Coats are
cut on the ordinary lines of those- worn
(luring business hours, and can be either
square or round cornered.
With the dark coat and light trousers
a light hat is worn. An effort was made
to do away with the bicycle cap and sub
stitute the fedora, but the attempt has
not met with much approval, owing to the
extra weight and consequent heat of the
felt. The best dressed riders still wear
the caps, and have them to match the
trousers.
In Aid of Flood Sufferers.
A band concert will be given by tho fa
mous Twenty-fourth Infantry band under
the leadership of W. O. Thompson »1 the
Zion A. M. E. Church. Stockton street. OB
Tuesday evening, July 11. at 8 o'clock
sharp. The proceeds will be sent 10 '.he
— Anniversary services by the Sun
day school. Evening— No service.
Morning— "The Refiner's Fire." Evening—
"Luke the Third Gospel," with prelude on
"Buddhism.".
Morning— "Weep Ye Not for the Dead."
Evening— "Better Than a Sheep."
Morning— Solemn high mass at 10:30; sermon
by one of the Fathers. Evening— Solemn
vespers; sermon by one of the Fathers.
Morning— Solemn high mass at 10:30: ser
mon by. Rev. Father Prendergast, V. G.
Evening— Solemn vespers "and sermon ' by
Father Hannlgan. ...
Morning— Solemn high mass at 11 o'clock;
sermon by Father Wyman. Evening—Sol
emn vespers; sermon by Father MaeCorry.
Morning— High mass at 10:30; sermon by
Rev. Father MaeCorry of the Paullsts.
Morning— hours of devotion will begin
at 10:30 with solemn high mass. Evening-
Devotions will begin at 7:30 o'clock; ser
mon by Father Heslln.
Morning— Mass nt 10:30: sermon by Father
P. Collopy. Evening— vespers; ser
mon by one of the Fathers.
Morning— "Let Us Keep the Feast." Even
ing— "Not of the World."
Morning— "A Young Man Against an Em
pire." Evening— "Education in Faith."
Morning— "So Much the More." Evening—
"Daubing With Untempered Mortar."
Morning— "Fatherhood and Sons." Even
ing—"Christ and the City."
Morning— "Helps." Evening— "The Awkken
, ing of a Soul." ' .^ \
Morning— "Work." Evening— "David Ha
rum," a sermon on the Golden Rule ln
homespun. ■ .
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Mr. Glunz. pre
siding elder:- holy communion. Evening-
Sermon by Rev. George Glunz.
Morning— Sermon by pastor. Evening-
Same. _
Morning— "Paul's . Doxology." Evening—
"Faith Cure." .
Morning— "l Am the Door." Evening—
"What Are We Saved From."
•
• ■ ■ — — _^—^—^^_—
Morning— Sermdn by Rev. M. C. Harris,
D.D. Evening— by Rev. D. E.
Hotle. *
Morning— "The Savior's Keeping Power."
Evening— "A Model Mayor."
Morning— •'The Eloquence of Silence."
Evening— "March On, O My Soul; or, a
Woman's Triumph." %.",;■' ..-<.;"
flood sufferers of the South. Admission
50 cents, children 25 cents. The money will
be turned over to Rev. \V. B. Anderson,
pastor of Bethel A. M. E. Church; Rev.
T. Brown of Zion Church, and Rev. J. H.
Kelley of the Third Baptist Church, and
they will send it to the Governor of Texas
fqr distribution.
Gratified His Spite.
James Johnson was convicted by Judge
Conlan yesterday on two charges of mali
cious mischief and was ordered to appear
for sentence to-morrow morning.' Friday
Johnson deliberately broke a plate glass
window at 131 Montgomery avenue with
his cane, and -when remonstrated with
broke the other window. The windows
were worth $200 and were insured. John
son admitted in court that he broke the
windows out of spite, as he had been dis
charged from the service of the company
that had insured them.
The Mexican Consul Sued.
The Continental Buildrng and Loan As
sociation began suit yesterday in the
United States District Court against
Alexander K. Coney, Margaret G.
Coney and John Doe and Richard
R<..' to foreclose a mortgage for
$6M<> on the premises on Post street,
west of Octavla. Mr. Coney is Mexican
Consul at this port and a citizen of that
country, hence the selection of a Federal
court the place for the suit.
Howard M. E.. Howard street, between
Second and Third— Rev. John A. B. Wil
son. . f
Epworth M. EL. corner Church and Twen
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
First M E., Powell street, near Washington
—Rev. W. S. Urmy. "- ;^-
Potrero M. E., Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Trinity M. E.. corner Fulton street and
Alls ton way. Berkeley— Rev. John Coyle.
Richmond M. E.. southwest corner South
California and Fourth avenue — Rev.
Georga Baugh.
Trinity Methodist Episcopal, corner Mar
ket. Sixteenth and Noe streets— Rev. Theo.
H. Woodward.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. corner Fifteenth
avenue S. and P street— Rev. W. D. Crabb.
Starr King A. M. E. Zion, SO5 Stockton
street— T. Brown. ; V
Bethel African M. E.. Powell street, near
Jackson— W. B. Anderson.
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. Robert Macken
zie. £;*■■';; ::..~-. : .'-
Howard Presbyterian, corner Oak and Ba
ker streets (Panhandle Golden Gate
Park)— Rev. J. S. . Thomas.
Cavalry Presbyterian. Powell and Geary
streets— Rev. John Hemphill.
Franklin Street Presbyterian. corner
Franklin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David
James.
: First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
Bell. • • - • •'- ■'
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets— Rev. Samuel S. Cryor.
Stewart Memorial U. P., Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
New Jerusalem (Swedenborglan). 1626
6'Farrell street— Rev. V. Bowen.
First Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block ' 223 Sutter street, : between Grant
avenue and Kearny street— The Bible and
Science and Health, With Key to the
Scriptures. '
Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets-
Auditorium.
THE LOWENTHAL lIJRDEH.
The Woman's Dying Declaration Is
Admitted as Evidence in
the Case.
The preliminary examination of the
soldier. M. J. Mochel. charged with the
murder of Mrs. Ida- Lowenthal in the
Campfire saloon on Kearny street, was
continued before Judge Treadwell yester
day morning at 9 o'clock.
Mrs. S. B. Reid, the nurse who attended
Mrs. Lowenthal till she died, testified that
she said she was going to die. On this
showing the Judge admitted as evidence
Mrs. Lowenthal's dying declaration, which
had been vigorously opposed by the de
fendant's attorney.
Dr. Fitzgibbon. who attended the woman
at the Harbor Hospital, testified that the
wound itself was serious and was not
produced by a bottle but by a sharp in
strument that penetrated the throat. He
had treated 40.U00 cases of that character
during the past four years, 'which state
ment took the Judge's breath away. See
ing the Judge's amazement, which was
reflected in Prosecuting Attorney Carpen
ter's face, the doctor reduced the number
to 10.000. The case will be argued Tues
day morning.
Burglar Under the Bed.
James Joy, a boy, was arrested yester- t
day on a charge of burglary*. Mrs. Han- i
«iah Carleon, 520 Twenty-first street, dia- '
Morning— "The Development of Manliness
In Young Manhood." Evening— Memorial
- service for Bishop Newman: sermon by
pastor on "Lessons From a Great Life."'
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — "Trades Unions and Christianity."
Morning Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same. • -
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— "Acquaintance With God." Even
ing—"Light."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— Preaching by Rev. S. Ravens.
Evening— '."The Last Things; or, the Sec
ond Coming of Christ."
• .. .
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
—Sermon by Chaplain Aliens worth of
the Twenty-fourth Infantry.
Morning— "The Attractiveness of Religion
to Educated Mind." Evening — "Soldierly
Qualities of the Christian Life."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing Same.
: —
Morning — "American Civilization— A Cen
tury's Growth Reviewed;" special music.
Evening— Sermon by pastor.
Morning— Rev. Thomas S. Day, D.D., will
speak on "God's Consideration for Man.'
Evening — "Sonship and Service."
Morning — "A Lesson From Hades." Even
ing—"The Worlds We Leave Behind Us."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
Same.
Morning— "The Grace of God as Seen. Felt
and as it Operates in th* Christian Life."
Evening— "Moral Lessons From the Bi
. cycle."
Morning — "The Divine Humanity; the
Know-able Side of God."
Morning— "Life" ; all Invited.
Afternoon— Mrs. W. M. Parsons, State
' Secretary of California, will lead the
thought for the testimony meeting; sub
ject, Acts 26:13-19; everybody welcome.
covered the boy under her bed Friday
and he ran away,. She found later that
Jl 50 Had been taken nut of her purse and
she blamed Joy for taking it. She swor*
out a warrant for his arrest yesterday
This Is not the first time the boy ha* beeii
in trouble.
Cafe Royal Poker Cases.
The old caiea of H. it. Hornlein of ft*
I Cafe Royal and others were called in Ju«lg#
i Mogan's court yesterday. The Judge told
! Sergeant Conboy that the cases had be^n
: transferred to Judge Treadwell before he
I left for his vacation, but when Conboy
\ went to Treadwt-11 the Judge declined to
: have anything to do with the cases, as
he said they were not on his calendar
: Conboy returned to Megan, and he said
! that if the cases were not on Treadwell's
.calendar they would be, put on his so that
there would be no trouble about them
Grocer Boyseu Died of Whisky.
Dr. Guldo Caglieri. acting autopsy sur
geon for the Coroner, performed an au
topsy yesterday upon the body of Grocer
A. C. A. Boysen, who was found dead in
his store at Twenty-ninth and Sanr-hpJ
streets last Friday. He found that oca"
had been caused by hemorrhage of tho
stomach, superinduced by cirrhosis of th»
liver following alcoholism. The abrasion
on the face was caused by the der^i^.i
falling. John B. Anderson, the forrnVr
partner of the dead man, was released
from custody by the police yesterday