VOLUME LXXXVI-^ T O. 122.
ADMIRAL DEWEY HEADS A MOST
MAGNIFICENT MARINE PAGEANT
More Than Three Million Spectators Witness the Passing of tt)e Nation's rje*"° on the
Bridge of thje Olympia, Followed by a Great Fleet of Warships and a
Thousand Vessels of Peace.
Ships in Water Pageant Passing in Review Before Dewey on the Olympia, Off Grant's Tomb
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— N0 Roman
conqueror returned to his tri
un ph? of barbaric splendor; no
victorious king or prince com
ins home from a successful
war, ever received such a magnificent
ovp*ion as overwhelmed Admiral
Dewey to-day as he stood on the bridge
of the Olympia at the head of a mag
nificent fleet of steel thunderers of the
deep, followed by a thousand vessels of
peace, each tiered and coated black
with people and sailed over the bright
waters of the upper bay and up the
broad pathway of the sunlit river,
whose banks were gay with millions of
flags and streamers dancing in th
wind.
The sky was blue, the water rippled
under the fresh wind that held out flags
straight and jaunty ad the wharves
and piers and rocky heights and grassy
knolls were b!u ( >k with frantic, enthusi
astic people, who strove weakly to
make their shouto heard above the per
fect bedlam of tooting whistles that ac
companied the admiral ashore and
afloat.
As the tomb o-f General Grant on Riv
erside drive was reached the fleet paid
Its tribute to the memory of the great
warrior with a national salute of twen
ty-one roaring guns. The fleet then
anchored and reviewed the almost end
less procession of craft that steamed
pant, so burdened with humanity that
they looked as if they would turn turtle
before they got back to their piers. To
ward the end the parade became disor
The San Francisco Call
ganized and it took hours for the heter
ogeneous flotilla to get by. Darkness
at last brought relief to the tired ad
miral who had stood on the bridge for"
six hours, bowing his acknowledgments
to the stentorian, expn ssion of homage.
New York has never witnessed
thing before- approaching this wonder- I
ful, remarkable demonstration. The '
(""luniblan naval parade, the dedication
of Grant's tomb and thp reception of
the North Atlantic squadron last fall,
all pale before this gigantic ovation to
the sailor, who, in a singlo morning, de- !
Etroyed <in enemy's fleet without the j
loss of a man or a ship. It is not be
v< ad the mark to say that turee million
po.,pif> viewed the pageant from ashore,
and that a quarter of a million were
afloat.
Wnen New York turned out to the i
celebration this morning a light hnz.
bting over the harbor, but this was soon j
'1 up by th*- bright sun which j
bathed sea ami city in its brilliant rad- '
iance. The wind was strong and gusty i
and kept the flags snapping.
People who went down the bay were i
lost in admiration of the display of
bunting along the water front. On the '
East River, from the bridge to the Bat
tery, where the sailing craft lie In
droves, the spars were covered with
such a mass of color as might be com
pared to a maple grown hillside in the
deep autumn. Tho tall spars of the
cliprers were conspicuous fir their en
signs and signals. Every craft in the
harbor was decked out from stem to I
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1899.
stern with all the grace and attractive
ness known to shippers. But the dis
play in the East River was not to be
compared with that of the North River,
up which the procession was to pass.
Fi"':i tl,.- peaks of every pier long
ropes strung with flags of every, hue
were stretched to the snubbing post at
the corner, the fronts were decorated
with a multitude of gay devices. There
were flags on the staffs and lines of
flags above the ropes.
The vessels at their sides wpre dress
ed from stem to taffrail and some car
ried flags on their yards and had
their deckhouses covered. The wind
shook the banners from millions of win
dows, porticoes and even steeples and
never, perhaps, in this generation did
hearts that love it bound so quickly to
the sight of the flag. T T p the river, far
off on thp Jersey shore and big-h on the
misty Palisßdes it gleamed.
The best place from which to view
the great marine panorama was natur
ally from the deck of the Olympia, and
by the courtesy of Admiral Dewey an
Associated Press representative was
permitted aboard. Very early the fleet
of steamships, yachts and tugs which
were to have a place in the line began
moving .down the bay to the allotted
points where the seyera! divisions were
to form, but many of them could not re-
Fist the temptation to first visit the
anchorage of the men-of-war off Tomp
kinsville, and before 11 o'clock the
Olympia was surrounded by a perfect
mob of every known kind of craft, all
j swarming with people, circling around
I or pushing their noses close under the
j ship to got a glimpse of the admiral
j pacing the quarterdeck. The bands
aboard the excursion boats played and
the whistles and sirens of the other
j craft made the air hideous by their
shrieks. They kept coming, coming, in
I pairs and half-dozens, until they lay
a dozen deep, resisting the charges of
| the patrol boats in their determination
■to get up within shouting distance.
I Their recklessness was amazing. They
I ran across each other's bows, they
I rubbed against one another, they
! push^'l bow on stern, until further
movement seemed paralyzed by the in
extricable confusion. It was with
i. great difficulty that the police could
J clear a passage for the admiral's
j launch when he went off to return the
official visit of the Mayor at noon, and
when he did step into his launch the
patriotic skippers afloat grabbed their
whittling cords and made the hills
echo with such a blast as can only be
j heard when a Yankee yacht crosses
the finish first in a race with foreign
mug-hunters. And that was simply
' the prelude to what continued through
| out the day — an almost continuous roar
of steam whistles.
Meantime the vessels to take part in
the parade were massing over near the
Long Island shore, until that side of
the harbor became a tangle of stacks
and "flags and framework as far as the
eye could reach. The grassy slopes of
Wadsworth and Fort Hamilton and the
wharves and shores of Staten Island
were covered with sightseers, watching
the fleet below. The warships lay spick
and span ready for the start, their bur
nished metal flaming in the sun, their
sides white as virgin snow. Between
them and the shore lay the low, long,
lean, wicked-locking torpedo-boats rfnd
Btill, inside of them, the graceful flo
tilla of revenue cutters.
Aboard the Olympia the marines and
sailors had been critically inspected
from the toe of the first marine to the
jaunty cap of the last sailor. All
seemed a little dazed at the prospect
before them, and no doubt many wuuld
have preferred a programme involving
a duplication, of the Manila fight to the
ordeal they were to go through. The
officers of the fleet did not wear their
showy uniforms, but were attired in
specia! undress "A," as it is technically
known in the navy.' There were no gold
epaulets, gold-bound beavers and clat
tering swords aboard. This was the ad
miral's order and added but another to
the many evidences of his unique mod
esty. A brother and the widow of Cap
tain Gridley, who fought on the Olym
pia in Manila Bay; Co-lonel Frank
Rartlett, former Representative in
Congress from New York, and an inti
mate personal friend of the admiral, to
gether with three newspaper men, were
the only civilians aboard. One of the
naval guests was the engineer of the
Olympia when it led the way past Cor
regidor Island. He was given three
rousing cheers as he went forward to
see the men.
Immediately after Admiral Dewey re
turned from Sandy Hook the wig
wagger on the bridge signaled the fleet
to prepare to get under way. The
gangway.-- wore hauled up and the
booms rigged. An old quartermaster
hurried a small dark roll of bunting to
the main, hand over fist. It hung there
while the bugle sounded the caU to
quarters and the marines were muster
ed aft. Then, just as the signal to
weigh anchor was given, a pull on the
halyards opened the roll and spread the
four starred flag which Farragut flew
as he ran the forts in New Orleans. It
was the flag which was presented to
Admiral Dewey. As it broke, sailors
at their stations and the marines on
the quarter deck greeted it with the
hip, hip hooray we got from our an
cestors. The flag floated proudly all
through the pageant to-day. It is th*
most precious possession of Farragut's
pupil, and when it is struck on Monday,
it will probably be forever, as it is -alto
gether unlikely that Admiral Dewey
will ever command another fieet.
It was exactly 1 o'clock, the hour
fixed for the start when the fleet, with
anchors short hove, began to move,
ships had swung to the flood tide and
were pointing down stream, but with
their twin screws, they faced about as
on pivots and headed for the Hudson,
followed by the long line of vessels in
civic parade. When the ships had
straightened out for their journey
across the upper bay, the spectacle thf>y
made will ever be treasured In the
TRICE FI\ r E CENTS.
memory of those who saw it. In ad
vance of the ' >lympia was a double
line of patrol and flreboats. a lilliputian
fleet to cjear the way of unofficial tres
passers. It did not require much per
suasion either, as the skippers had a
wholesome respect for the steel ram of
the mighty sea monsters. .
On the port beam of the Olympia was
the escorting ship Sandy Hook, with
! the Mayor and other dignitaries aboard,
and in her wake at intervals of 400
yards, stretched out a mile long, were
the great towering warships, the ar
mored cruiser New York, the battle
ships Indiana ar.d Massachusetts, the
cruiser Brooklyn, second-class battle
ship Texas, the old wooden frigate
Lancaster, the gunboat Marietta and
I the Chicago, tfv- flagship of the South
Atlantic squadron. Old Glory fluttered
from each ma»tjiea«l and taffrail. On
each quarter of the New York were the
black, tow-Uned torpedo-boats, three
ich think. The rest of the proces
sion tailed out for miles. Slowly and
i majestically the procession moved
j across the shiny waters.
Admiral Dewey went up on the after
bridge as s<>.> l: ..s tl: start was made
and remained there throughout the pa
i rade, a heroic figure outlined against
' the skies for the thousand! afloat and
ashore. With him on the bridge most
Of the tfine was Colonel Bartlett. to
1 whom he talked when he was not ac
! knowJedging the salutes or personally
j directing the movements of his imme
| date fleet, and the admiral gave closeo
WARSHIPS PASS IN REVIEW BEFORE THE OLYMPIA
SCHLEY PRAISES
ADMIRAL DEWEY
Declares the \\zro of Manila Bay
One of the Greatest Sea Fight
ers of (\\\ Tirr)e.
NEW YORK. Sept 20.— Roar Admiral Schley is at the Hotel Majes- <
tic. Central 1 Park West .and Seventy-second Btreet, the guest of Mr. and ■
Mrs. Alfred He Cordova while in the city. The roar admiral arrived at ',
the hotel yesterday afternoon. After luncheon Mrs. de Cordova ordered !
her carriage and drove with her guest through Central Park and down J
Fifth avenue to tho triumphal arch. '
After the drive the rear admiral was entertained by Mrs. de Cor- \
at an informal dinner party. Covers were placed for nine. Mr. \
Rothchild, proprietor of the hotel, was one of the guests. The rear ad- ]
miral and the Cordovas tor years have known each other intimately, and j
many limes when In town the admiral has been their guest. Rear Ad- j
miral Schley was s<-^n for a feu tnon ents at the hotel and asked what S
he thought of the reception to Admiral Dewey.
"It is magnificent; it is superb," be said. "New Y«rk has shown her \
appreciation of one of the greatest sea fighters of all time." i
attention throughout the journey to
everything which transpired on board
the vessel. By his direction the •
courtesijed to vessels which saluted,
Several times he ordered the crew to
Btand by to cheer in some extraordinary
demonstration. The guns of the Olym
pia spoke but once until Gmnt's tomb
was reached. This was w hen they
barked in answer to the deep baying <rf
the guns of old Fort William, on Gov
ernors Island. Before the Battery was
l:ed hundreds of tu^s and excursion
boats i ad crowd* d In behind the patrol
boats and Btretched away rank upon
rank .o either shore from the quarter of
the Olympia. Their whistles werrf go
ing continuously throughout the Jour
ji -y. The untold thousands who
thronged the wharves and piers, who
leaned from the windows and balconies
locked down from the dizzy
heights of the skyscrapers, must have
impressed the admiral greatly, but his
Bty would not permit him to view
it all .is o persona] ovation.
■■Astonishing, astonishing!" he re
peated several times to Colonel Bart
lett, but he said nothing of himself. As
oked behind him the Bteam from
the whistles and the smoke from the
stacks blowing across the river, blend
ing with th>- gray atmosphere, softened
the scene and made the dim vistas
through. which the on-commtc ships lay
- If they stretched out forever.
The waving of hundreds of thou
sai ds of handkerchiefs and fl
- the shore could be distinct
ly seen from the deck of the Olympia,
but only occasionally were the sounds
9 all' ! from the crowds
ashore. As b rule, perhaps, they were
too much Interested in the spectacl<
venture vociferous applause, besides
they were too far away to be heard by
the admiral or the men on the cruis
ven if the terrific din of the craft
in the river had not been kept up al
■ without intermission. The shriek
ing whistles were forever going, and
when the fleet swept around the stake \
above Grant's tomb, on Riverside
and eai h ship had let go its
ning salute, the Concert that fol
waa Boul-maddening— ft mad.
stic. nerve-destroying roywr tha<
tinued tor almost ten minutes. So
much Bteam was wasted that the boats
elves were loßt In their own va
por.
The parade at this point began to be
come disorganized, many pleasure craft
ng the line below and crowding so
: ;y about the < •lympla that she was
uvered with great difficulty. The
: -ion boats, loaded to the guards
with people, were almost criminally
reckless as they passed along, many of
them listing so far that one wheel was.:
I deep, while the other, scarcely j
to ached the water. The admiral was j
times annoyed by the crowding of j
craft, but he retained his equan
imity through it all, bowing and remov
ing his cap to the exulting and cheering j
crow •
It was not until all the warships had
passed In review before the Olympia at i
anchor below the beautiful floats rep- \
. i Victory that the '
one incident of the day occurred which
Bhowed that with all his geniality the
of Manila could also be a very .
stern sailor. In less than a minute af- !
ter the Chicago had passed the Oly? 1!
--pla, by the admiral's order, a stream
of signal flags ordered the vessels of
the lleet to dress ship and the crews of
the men-of-war ran up rainbows of sig- ;
nal -flags from stem to sera over th. ir
to] masts. The order was beautifully
executed except aboard the flagship, [
where the fouling of the line in the
top of one of the stacks caused a delay, i
Admiral Dewey instantly roared out '
a command for some one to ease the
line. It fouled again and a nimble sailor
was sent aloft to clear it. It was per
haps two minutes before the flags were i
in their proper place. The admiral was
plainly displeased. He sent for the j
officer under whose direction the order j
was executed and called him upon the |
oridge.
'I am ashamed of this," he said, in
the tone of a sailor giving command
In a roaring gale, "and I am ashamed j
of you."
Several times when th*> excursion j
boats cheered as th.-y passed close to
the Olympia the admiral called upon
the crew to stand by and cheer. Each,
time the sailors leaped upon the Bteel
bulwarks, and, with swinging caps,
■.ded to the command with throat
splittinc cheers. When the crowd of
Is about the flagship became so !
that the progress of the rest of
the parade was impeded the admiral j
ordered the police patrol boats to clear i
the way of the ships that had left the
line and had spread themselves about !
the Olympia like a flock of wild fowl, j
He did not leave the bridge until the
approaching darkness turned the ships
in the demoralized tail of the proces
sion back to their piers.
DAZZLING THE
ARRAY OF SHIPS
IN THE PARADE
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— The naval
parade from the vantage points
of the warships was an immense
marine picture, a water pageant
with so little of incident com
i uith its great size that it ap
pealed to the eye as a painting rather
thai] a drama.
The vast gathering of water craft
Biaintained an average speed of eight
■ knots, but so magnificent was its area
that the impression whs one of exceed
ingly slow and stately movement. The
picture was continually changing, but
! it melted so slowly and in such meas
ured rhythm from form to form that
the sense of motion was largely lost.
It started under a brilliant sky, pass
| ed at the mouth of the Hudson through
' the threat of an ugly *torm and
' emerged through a rainbow arch that
! stretched from shcre to shore into a
| clear and brilliant sunset off the Grant
j tomb.
The night had been a busy one in the
i fleet of warships off Tompkinsville.
! The last details of the day"s ceremony
; were hardly settled befoie the day Itself
; broke on a scene of greater activity
i than the classic anchorage had ever
witnessed before. The great vessels of
the white squadron Bwur.g at their an
chorage as for the past two days, bill
: the crowd of neigrhb iring craft had
swelled past counting. As 0 r as <>uld
- en the water was a mass of mov
ing steamers. It was a moving, shift
i ing picture of tugs, polio boats, flre
boats, torpedo boats, yachts, launches,
tramp steamers and ocean liners and
Eailing craft of every kind, wiili big
ferry excursion boats plowing their
way through the ruck in mysterious
paths that opened before them and
closed again behind them like the ice
of an Arctic floe.
The only stable points in the scene
at that early hour were the warships. |
They lay like a great white grounded '
1" rg about which the pack-ice turned i
and swirled without moving them from
their moorings. It was a morning of i
repn ssed excitement on b ard the New
York and the other ships behind the i
Olympia. Everything had been < leaned
and burnished from ram to rudder.
N ; was ushen d in with h scream of
whistles that Bounded like ten thousand
craft. The last far-away echo had
hardly drifted back from the Staten Isl*
and hill;? when a sudden impulse seem
ed "to ielze the far-reaching mass of
tuns and other « rn ft. [nstead of drift
ing idly round and round the warships,
like ships in an eddy, they began' to
steam away to the south in parallel
lines as though some current mere
bearing them oul t" sen. But as they
vanished in scores toward the Narrows !
there were hundreds more that swept
down from up the harbor. Then there
was a scurrying home of the white
hooded steam cutters of the warships.
The great boat cranes amidships reach
ed down their grappling hooks and
whisked the pinnaces aboard. Mega
phone commands flung across the water
brought the torpedo boats to heel like
the greyhounds they were at the Olym
pia's quarter. The brilliant code flag?
blossomed like flowers on the Olympia
from bridge to maintop. It was the or
der to form in column. The Brooklyn's
pennant snapped "Aye, aye," from the
sign,'; yard and a duplicate set of flags
passed the order to trk- Indiana, whem c
it was (lung from shin} to ship down the
squadron. The black speed cones of
the Olympia climbed slowly to her
yards as the big cruiser got under way.
The other vessels slowly turned, like- a
troop of cavalry squadron, front toward
the Narrows, and then fetching a
graceful sweep, headed back up the
harbor toward the Battery, the iMym
pia, escorted by the Mayor's boat, the
Sandy Hook, in the lead.
Back of her at a 400-yard interval
came the New York, then the powerful
Indiana and Massachusetts, the fleet
footed Brooklyn, the sturdy old Texas,
(he rakish, yacht-like Dolphin; the old
Lancaster, a relic of another naval age;
the powerful Chicago, and fin/illy the
little Marietta, the rear guarcl of the
fighting craft. Behind stretched th^
transports, and farther still, almost
lost in the distance, the yachts and
miscellaneous craft hull down on the
horizon.
The evolution began at 1 o'clock and
in fifteen minutes the fighting line was
straightened out up the harbor. Ad
miral Dewey was going to his own
place at the head of a squadron that
would have won at need three battles
of Manila Bay without stopping for
breakfast.
The head of the column was a broad
arrow. Six torpedo boats spread out as
the bar, three on a side, from the
Olympiads quarter. Outside of them a
flying wedge of police patrol boats
formed a great V, whose apex was the
Olympia. Flanking them, ahead and
astern, were the harbor fire' boats,
spouting great columns of water that
turned threateningly toward the ex
cursion boats on either side when they
attempted to crowd the line of march.
But the pageant back of this power
ful vanguard was not limited to a sin
gle nor a sextuple line of ships. It was
a sinuous marine monster half a mile
wide, whose vertebrae were the ships
of the white squadron and whose ribs
were rows upon rows of every sort of
floating thing that had ever run by
steam in New York harbor. Thou
sands viewed the spectacle as it moved
up past Staten Island, thousands more
watched it from the anchored craft
that crowded the Erie basin and whose
spars rose in a forest about the foot
of Liberty. But they were forgotten in
the mass of humanity that crowded
the water front of Manhattan Island
and filled every point of vantage along
the Jersey shore.
This feuture of the scene first broke
on the view as Castle William roared
an admiral's salute to the Olympia off
the Battery. By the time the answer
and smoke had died away from the
wake of the flagship the immensity o£
THE SAN FRAN-TSCO CALT-, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1899,
Comer of the Governor's Room Where Dewey Will Be
Presented With the Loving Cup.
t lie watching crowd dawned on the
crews of the squadron. Every foot of
the city water front was a mass of hu
manity. The wharves, the ferry slips,
the roofs of ferry ami warehouse rose
one above another in solid blocks of
people. Above the lower structure of
the water front every roof bore its liv
ing freight. Stores, old office buildings
and modern skyscrapers were crowded
with stands, tiers upon tiers of Beats
likt an immense threater whose roof
was the sky, whose walls'were the sur
rounding hills and whose back drop
was the horizon of the lower bay. As
the pageant moved majestically Into
the Hudson it was seen that the
crowds still lired the water front and
housetops thicker, if possible, than
ever, and stretching up the river along
the whole line of parade. The Heights
of the Jersey shore were also crowded
with parti -colored masses of people.
They were not such an unbroken rank
as along the wharves of the New York
Bide, but wherever the w led Blope
broke into a clearing the slope wrts
blackened with people from crest t i
water line. There was no possible way
itimating the crowd. The morning
papers declared there were 1,500,000
visitors in the city. The Impression
conveyed by the crowded shores was
that it would have taken thai many in
addition to the local population to
form the concourse that watched th^
water pageant. The spectators might
have bee*n computed in army corps,
certainly not by individuals.
Up the Hudson pandemonium
reigned supreme. Aerial bombs broke
at intervals overhead in puffs of
white smoke, and a feathery canopy of
steam hung over the advancing fleet as
hundreds of steam whistles -screamed
continually. The narrowing throat of
the river crowded the advancing ves
sels together in an almost compact
mass. The broad arrow formation still
drove the head of the column forward
unmolested through the ranks of the
waiting vessels. Storm clouds that
had gathered down the bay followed
close in the pageant's wake. A sharp
wind bred whltecaps even in the nar- ,
row river, and a few raindrops pattered
on the decks. The glare of an angry
sky turned the harbor behind the war
ships to molten lead, upon which the
gigantic figure of Liberty seemed to ;
stand for a time and was soon swal
lowed up in a bank of gray haze. Then
the threatening sky relented.
The sun broke out ahead and painted
across the sullen clouds a rainbow arch
that stretched from Manhattan to the
Jersey shore. It seemed a bit of na
ture's art work spread by a kingly mir
acle at the opportune moment, beggar
ing man's more humble efforts on shore,
but forming a fitting arch of triumph
beneath which the victorious admiral
sailed to his triumphal anchorage.
The old Portsmouth's, crew manned
the ringing as the Olympia passed, and
off Grant's tomb the naval reserves on
the St. Marys did the same. Round the
stakeboat the Olympia turned smartly,
her guns throbbing a deep throated sa
lute to the resting place of another na
tional hero. The other vessels of the
white squadron swung around the St.
Marys in turn, each saluting the tomb,
though at the head of the line the sound
of further guns was lost In the roar of
steam whistles.
The turn of the parade broke the for
mation of the police boats beyond re
pair. The warships doubling back into
the mass of advancing boats threatened
for a time serious consequences, but the
Olympia and her consorts safely drop
ped* anchor at last in reversed column
and the water pageant passed the ad
miral in review. The police boats re
appeared as individuals and uncere
moniously shouldered intruding vessels
out of the line of march. The official
procession and its varied following of
tugs, launches, steam dredges and ex
cursion boats rounded the St. Marys
and came down the river in an indis
tinguishable aquatic mob that was still
passing long after the night illumina
tion had begun.
From the time the British yacht Erin
started she certainly was the chief at
traction along the river front after the
Olympia had gone by and Sir Thomas
Upton was accorded an ovation all
along the line. To those on board the
Erin, decked out as she was with flags
of all descriptions, it looked as if the
American people were greatly pleased
with Sir Thomas and were delighted
with an opportunity to give him a
hearty welcome. They ran alongside in
tugs, barges, launches and big excur
sion steamers and shouted all sorts of
complimentary things to him, while
the tall yachtsman on the upper bridge
of the Erin wore a smile all the after
noon and not infrequently called back
I his thanks for the kind wishes. Sir
I Thomas had on board fifty or more of
I his friends on this side of the water
j and from England, and the company
I during the latter part of the afternoo"n
were kept busy returning the cheers
which Avere hurled at the Erin from all
sides. Among those who watched th*
parade from the decks of the Erin were
i Prince Reginald de Croy of Belgium
and Hon. Charles Russell of London.
• Even before the Erin had weighed
anchor, half a dozen tugs had come
alongside, and the cheering and whist
ling rang in the ears until the end of
the day began.
After thi- signal for the start was
given, the Corsair led, followed by a
magnificent string of steam yachts
smothered in flags in two long lines.
The Erin headed the starboard column,
with Colonel J.-hn Jacob Aster's Xour
mahal right astern, while the Niagara.
with Howard Could on board, headed
the port column, with the new Joseph
ine of Joseph N Widener right behind
her. The Erin was continuously sa
luted on the way up and the man on
the after deck, beside the flagstaff,
which carried the big yacht pennant.
was continuously dipping it in return.
"Everything seems Ur be going first
class," g%id Sir Thomas, as the yacht
neared the Battery, "and the parade
is certalnlyja great sticcess.
Looking "v.-r through the tremendous
crowd thai covered the wharves and
Battery, he shouted down to those on
deck: "Just see them over there: did
you ever see so many people? It is
wonderful, marvelous! I could not be
lieve that so many people could be got
together." When off Twenty-third
street, Sir Thomas became exercised at
the congestion of the boats ahead and
shook his head as he thought of the
chances of getting the Erin through the
mess. In g«.-ing by the training ship
Portsmouth th*- Jackie* lined the rail
and gave the Erin a tremendous cheer,
which was answered from the crew of
the Erin on the far deck. Then came
more cheers, yells and vhistles from
those on shore, until Sir Thomas 1 Bides
fairly shook with laughter as he said,
"They must all have money on the
Shamrock."
It t<rok nearly an hour for the head of
the yacht fleet to roach the turning
point off Fort Lee, but the Corsair fin- j
ally swung around and headed down to
ward the Olympia. At the same time
half a hundred excursion boats, tugs
and launches which had been waiting
up the river frrr the yachts to appear
joined in, so that a solid column came
sweeping down on Admiral Dewey.
The Erin was in the center of this great
mass of boats and the formation of the i
yacht dub fleet was at once lost j
The great mass swept by the Olympia
five and six abreast, but fortunately l
the course was . comparatively clear
when she went by and Admiral Dewey I
was easily recognized, waving his hat
frantically at Sir Thomas as he stood j
on the after bridge. The crew of the I
Olympia also recognized the Erin and
gave her a tremendous cheer, which
was returned by the entire company on j
board the Irish yacht, while the big
fleet of excursion steamers and the two j
or three hundred- thousand people on j
shore Joined in cheers. The Erin ran ,
down the river until she reached Ho
boken. where she took up her position |
to participate In the illumination in the j
evening.
PYROTECHNIC
AND ELECTRICAL
DISPLAY AT NIGHT
NEW YORK,- Sept. 29.— Never before
in the history of New York has this I
city witnessed a greater pyrotechnic |
and electrical display than that with J
which the return of Admiral George
Dewey was celebrated in the harbor
and waters surrounding the island of
Manhattan to-night.
The great hulks of the battleships of I
Dewey's fleet silhouetted against the i
dark background of the sky shone from
stem to stern with myriads of incandes
cent lights, while all around innumer
able brilliantly decorated yachts and
other river craft honored the nation's
hero.
Cro.wds occupied every point of van
tage along the New York shore from
Grant's tomb to Fifty-ninth street.
One hundred thousand people, men,
women and children, at a (Conservative
estimate, saw the illumination from
Riverside drive.
Sir Thomas Lipton's yacht Erin
was brilliantly lighted with streamers
of white lights and the name Erin in
green between the masts.
From the bay the letters on the
Brooklyn bridge "Welcome Dew.ey"
were plainly discernible and were one
of the features of the celebration.
Ab if to join in the popular acclaim to
the great admiral, nature lent her
I forces to the display of fireworks, for
j the sky was illuminated frequently dur
i ing the evening with flashes of light
ning, showers at times interrupting
skyrocket proceedings, though but
I slightly dampening the good nature of
i some of the crowds. There was seem
j ingly no end to the display of fireworks.
©very wharf landing and pier had its
| quota of sightseers, and the enthusiasm
was abundant. From the housetops as
well as from the sidewalks powder by
: the barrel was burned and. rockets sent
; aloft in honor of the hero of Manila.
Over on the Jersey shore the display
| was just as generous, and the sky wa.s
I lighted with the blaze of fireworks,
making the surrounding seas bright as
.midday. Brooklyn and Staten Island I
contributed to the general and gener
ous burning of powder.
The fireworks float Mars, loaded with
fireworks and aglow with those being j
j displayed, took fire in the East River
I and instantly blazed up, frightening the i
| twenty men on board, who at first at- j
j tempted to jump overboard. The blaze I
was started by the sparks setting fire j
to a tarpaulin which was used to cover i
i a lot of skyrockets, Roman candles and !
I the like, and those were sent flying Jn ,
j all directions. With the assistance of \
the police boat officials the men on the |
, float succeeded in checking the flames, j
j but all the fireworks were destroyed.
DEWEY PRESENTED WITH
A HANDSOME MEDAL
NEW "YORK, Sept. 29.— Mayor Van
Wyck, on board the Olympia, to-day
presented Admiral Dewey the freedom
of the metropolis and a medal. The
Mayor's presentation speech was as fol
lows:
Admiral Dewey, with pleasure and
by direction of the city of New York
1 meet you at her magniticent gateway to
extend to you in her name and of her
million visitors, the leading citizens of
forty-live States, representing almost
every hamlet in the nation, a most cordial
welcome, congratulating you upon being
restored to your faiuily and home.
A loving and grateful nation is glad
dened by your safe return from the most
remarkable voyage of history, so far
reaching in its results that the clearest
mind cannot yet penetrate the distance. It
has already softened the voices of other
nations in speaking of ours, changed per
manently the mail of the world, enlarged
the Held of American pride and completed
the circle of the empire in its western
course.
Your courage, skill and wisdom, exhib
ited in a single naval engagement of a
few hours, brought victory to your coun
try's arms, and then you dealt with your
country's new relations tt> the world with
the judgment of a trained diplomat. By
common consent you have been declared
warrior and statesman— one who wears
the military uniform until the enemy sur
renders and then dons the habit of the
diplomat.
The greatest reception awaits you that
was ever tendered a military "or civil
hero. Such an outpouring of the people
was never dreamed of before. Never lias
the heart of America turned with such
perfect accord and trusting confidence to
one of her sons as it does to you.
I place at your disposal the freedom
and unlimited hospitality of the city of
Xew York.
Admiral Dewey said, looking at the
Mayor's stenographer: "You're not go
ing to take down what T say, are you,
Mr. Mayor? I never could make a
S] eh."
Mayor Van Wyck smiled, and Mr.
Harvey went on making his notes.
"Mr. Mayor and gentlemen," said the
admiral; "of course it would be needless
for me to attempt to make a speech, but
my heart appreciates all that you have
said. How it is that you have overrated
my work I cannot understand. It is be
yond anything I can conceive of why
there should he such an uprising of the
country. I simply did what any captain
in the service would have done."
"Admiral," said the Mayor, "no
tongue can ever utter or pen write an
overestimate of what you did fJFy>uv
country." m
. Admiral Dewey smiled and bFs cheek
flushed .with proud color unxn»r the
bronzed skin. He shook the hHnd of
the Mayor, who then reached into his
pocket and drew out a nvdal of honor
which the city voted to the hero of the
war with Spain, saying:
The city of New York had made to com
memorate this reception to you, the hero
of the Spanish- American war. a badge, a
facsimile of which they desire 1 should
present to you in commemoration of the
event.
"How magnificent!" exclaimed the
admiral, taking the modal. "How
beautiful! It's splendid!"
Then he called for his Chinese servant
and passed the medal to him. "Pin it
on, sir," he said. to the Chinese. "Pin
it on so it won't drop off."
RELATIVES WITNESS
ADMIRAL'S TRIUMPH
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— One of the
SHIPWRECKED PASSENGERS ROBBED
BY THE FRENZIED, DRUNKEN CREW
MONTREAL. Quebec, Sept. 29.— Two
hundred and fifty scantily clad, bag
gage-bereft men, women and children
were on board of an intercolonial spe
cial which steamed into Bonaventure
depot to-night. They composed the
greater number of those who sailed
from Liverpool on September 15 on
board the steamship Scotsman, bound
for Montreal, which was wrecked on
the shore? of 8 the Straits of Belle Isle
at 2:30 o'clock on the morning of the
21st inst. It was not only a tale of
shipwreck that they had to tell, but one
of death, suffering and pillage, for fif
teen at least of the Scotsman's passen
gers perished, all suffered cruelly from
cold and privation, and, almost the
worst horror of all, the men who were
supposed to succor and assist those
committed to their care in the hour of
need, turned on the helpless passen
gers, and, with loaded guns and re
volvers, compelled thenv to part with
the few valuables saved.
Captain Skrimshire and his officers
were exceptions. For the honor of the
British merchant marine the crime
may not be ascribed to the men en
gaged in it, but to a gang of wharf
rats and hangers-on, picked up on the
docks at Liverpool to replace the usual
crew of the Scotsman, which joined the
seamen's strike on the other side.
The list of those who perished is as
follows:
Pirst-class passengers:
MISS STREET, Montreal.
MRS. CHILDS, wife of the stage
manager of the "Sign of the Cross"
company, which was on board.
MRS. ROBERTS and infant.
MRS. M. M. SCOTT.
MRS. ROBINSON, wife of the man
ager of the Sunlight Soap Company of
Toronto.
MRS. DICKINSON, wife of a former
editor of the Toronto Globe.
Second-chass passengers:
MRS. WATSON.
MRS. TALBOT.
MRS. TUTHILL..
MRS. SKELTON.
MRS. ELIZA WATKINS.
MISS B. WEAVERS.
It will be noticed that all who per
ished were women. This is accounted
for by the fact that they were occu
pants of the first boat which left the
steamer after she struck and which
MARCONI'S SYSTEM
WORKS PERFECTLY
Apparatus to Be Used Durirjg the
iQterQatiorjal Yacht r^aces
Fully Tested.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— From the chartroom of the steamship
Ponce messages were flashed by wireless telegraphy this afternoon
across the city and over New York harbor and bay to the station at
Navesink Highlands. Other messages were received in reply. Both in
sending and receiving the apparatus established by Marconi for the
purpose of reporting the international yacht races for the Herald and The
Call worked perfectly. After it was all over Marconi expressed him
self as entirely satisfied with the tests. Tnose who had the good for
tune to be on board the Ponce during the parade carried away with
•them interesting souvenirs in the shape of duplicate copies of the first
message sent by wireless telegraphy over a considerable distance in
this country.
With her towering foremast the Ponce attracted great attention as
she passed up the river first in line after the division yachts. Riggers
were at work upon the steamship until 9 o'clock in the morning lash
ing to the foremast the spar which carried the connecting wire, 140 feet
into the air. As soon as the riggers finished their work Marconi set up
his apparatus, established connections with currents of the upper air
and was ready for his assistant at Navesink to call him.
It had been expected that the first signal would be received at
about 11 o'clock, but the noon hour came without results. Marconi be
gan to grow nervous and announced that in all probability the work of
installation at Navesink had not been completed, in which case, of
course, no tests could be made during the afternoon. After he was
nearly exhausted, just thirty-four minutes after midday, a spark flashed
to the receiver, which began to tick off the first message.
most delightful features of the day was
the hearty way in which the members
. of the Dewey family enjoyed every de
| tall of the tribute to their great kins
man. Under the guidance of Edward
Wilkins Dewey, a nephew of the ad
! miral, who has been a New Yorker for
I years, the family party left the Wal
j dorf-Astoria for Battery Park, where
they boarded the steamer Sandy Hook,
Mayor Van Wyck being in waiting for
I them.
Charles Dewey, the admiral's elder
I brother, was the dean of the party. His
i wife and son and son's son were with
! him. There were M.rs. H. H. Finiey, a
! niece of the admiral, and her daugh
j te/, Miss Frances Finiey, and Mrs. Ed
; ward Wilkins Dewey, James L. Martin,
; Mrs. Martin, Miss Martin, Fred A.
Howland and Mrs. Howland. William
T. Dewey, James F. Dewey, Mrs. Kate
Squire, Mr. iind Mrs. Frederick B. Mc
•Cune, George P. Dewey, Lieutenant
and Mrs. Theodore G. Dewey, C. Wol
cott, Miss Wolcott and C. S. Wolcott.
"This is the grandest celebration I
have ever seen," said Charles Dewey,
after the parade, "and I am an old
man and have traveled much in this
country and twice in Europe. I have
geen triumphs and celebrations there.
Not one of them ever began to approach
this in magnificence and beauty. It is
the Lord's day. He is with us. The
skies are bright and the sun is smiling
upon us-. Everything contributes to the
success of the pageant. We heard a
great deal before we came here about
how great the triumph would be, but
nothing like this stupendous outburst
ever entered our minds. The love and
admiration of the American people for
the admiral is wonderful."
DEWEY DAY oisERVED
IN SANTIAGO DE CUBA
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept. 29.—
Dewey day was observed here with a
patriotic demonstration by Americans.
The Government fcuildings were gayly
decorated and all/ the tugs in the har
bor blew their wh'stles. While the cele
bration was general among the Ameri
cans the Cubans took no part in it.
In an editorial in El Cubano to-day
exception is taken to the remark of
Admiral Dewey that the Filipinos are
as capable of self-government as the
Cubans. The editorial concludes by
saying that Cubans have had enough of
intervention and that clean machetes
cut keonlv.
DEWEY HAS SATISFIED
ALL SHADES OF OPINION
LONDON, Pept. 30.— The Times, in an
editorial tracing Admiral Dewey's ca
reer, says: "Not the least remarkable
part' of the celebration is the fact that
Admiral Dewey has manifestly satis
fied all shades of opinion. There is no
was swamped before it could get clear
of the ship.
Entering the Straits of Belle Isle on
Thursday night, the steamer ran into j
a dense fog. At 2 o'clock in the morn- i
ing there was a shock underneath the j
keel of the vessel, followed by another i
and still another. The passengers were
asleep in their berths and were all
awakened by the shocks and hurried on
deck.
The thick bank of fog shut out the
sight of shore. A superficial examina
tion of the ship told Captain Skrim
shire that she would be a total wreck
and must be abandoned, at once. A
port lifeboat was lowered and in this
many of the women and children were
placed. Hardly was it clear of the ship i
when it capsized, throwing its occu
pants into the water. Those who per
ished were in this boat. Some were
saved, tor the ship had listed to port
and several women were washed back
on the deck. One woman clung to a i
rope for two hours before being res- I
cued.
Meanwhile disgraceful scenes were
being enacted on board. Hardly had the j
vessel struck before the men from the |
stokehole rushed into the cabins and.
slitting open valises and bags with their
knives, took all the valuables they could
lay their hands on. Several of them
fired shotguns and tried to force men to
leave their cabins.
It is said that some of the steerage
passengers joined the firemen in looting
the baggage of the first-class passen
gers. In more than one instance rings
were turn from the fingers of fainting
and dying women. Captain Skrimshire
and his officers could do nothing against
the mob.
When morning came it was found
that the Scotsman lay close inshore
alongside a cliff fully a thousand feet
high. A second boatload of women and
children which had been sent off was
called back and the passengers trans
shipped to the rocks alongside the ship.
Until 6:30 the officers and some of the
crew of the Scc-tsman worked unceas
ingly in getting the passengers ashore,
and when darkness and a heavy fog
set in they were safe on the rocks. But
here the new danger of starvation
faced them. The lower decks of the
phin v.ere entirely under water. A
quantity of biscuit was carried on shore
and on this, with a very little corned^
beef and wild berries, over 200 people
existed for four days. Some natural
springs were found, but despite this the
! record of a single jarring note to mar
; the harmony of the occasion. We in
■ England can have no more pleasant
I duty than to congratulate America
upon the possession of her gallant sea
men and her exhibition of legitimate
pride in that possession. We feel sure
nobody in America will question the
J propriety of the considerations which
deterred Canada from allowing a de
tachment of the imperial forces to take
official part in a celebration that must
I necessarily recall painful memories to
another nation with whom we maintain
traditional relations of * peace and
; friendship. The vast majority of Amer
: icans unquestionably appreciated Eng
i land's friendly attitude during the war,
| but we doubt whether that could any
i where be so cordially appreciated as
! among the American sailors, who hail
1 special opportunities of putting it to the
I proof all the world over in their daily
; relations with the British navy. We do
not believe, that the seeds of friendship
thus sown in the two countries are des
tined to remain sterile or to yield only
an ephemeral harvest of empty pro
fessions of good will."
STREETCARS WERE
CROWDED WITH TRAFFIC
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— At least
2,300,000 persons were passengers on the
street railways to-day. The elevated
railways carried 1,000,000 persons, and
practically all on the Sixth and Ninth
avenue lines. The Metropolitan llnea
carried about 1,200,000 persons, and
this traffic, too, was confined almost
entirely to west ' side lines. About
75,000 persons rode on the Third avenue
line.
Transportation facilities on all rail
ways entering New York were heavily
taxed, and the street railway traffic
was the heaviest in the history of the
companies. Officials of the companies
predict, however, that to-morrow all
■transportation records will b° broken.
The "managers of all railways dread
the rush which they expect to-morrow
when the Dewey celebration ends. They
estimate that, including + hose who will
arrive to-day, there will be at least
1,500,000 visitors in town, and the ma
jority of them will want to go home at
once. At all railway stations all pos
sible preparations have been made for
handling the crowds. Ordinary time
tables will be abandoned and trains
will be run just as frequently as is con
sistent with safety.
TROOPS FOR THE
BIG PARADE TO-DAY
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— 1n New York
City an army of national guardsmen
camped to-night. Major General Roe
says there will be 23,000 soldiers in line
to-morrow. Nearly all the troops are
already in the city.
bad condition of food and water
brought on- much sickness. Many of the
passengers suffered from the exposure.
After much difficulty some overcoats
and shawls were secured far the
women, nearly every one of whom had
left the ship in night clothes.
The passengers were obliged to climb
up a rocky cliff nearly 300 feet high be
fore they could find a place large
enough to rest. Here they stayed on
the rocks for four days and nights. Tha
first night they had absolutely no shel
ter, but on Saturday the captain sent
up blankets and other, clothing. A
number of passengers attempted to
reach the lighthouse, which was about
eight miles away as the crow flies. To
do this it was necessary to climb ,:bout
1200 feet higher before a path could be
reached.
It was not until the 26th that the
Montford came along and was <ignaled
by the Belle Isle light, where a number
of passengers walked from the wreck.
After bringing these people n n board
the ship she proceeded to whert *♦*©.
Scotsman lay. The weather was bright
and clear. Af soon as practicable th«
boats were launched and the work of
transferring the nasseneers began.
TVIO Prrretcil Tln+ Con Ttn +h«
me V/l^SltU xi v l oca JPUI.UI,
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. •
Be Strong in the
"Battle of Life."
Happy is he 'who is prepared by perfect
health, to 'win life's battle. Health comes
only 'with absolutely pure blood. Over 90
percent, of humanity have taints, or hu-
mors in the blood, 'which should be re-
moved by Hood's Sarsaparilla, the best
specific for both sexes and all ages.
hOWI Hoo<is S P ar^ a 7J*f
cUT" Vi Bate Druggists ■"*
Drug Co. 1128 Market Street, S. F.KRUGER IS ABOUT TO
DECLARE MARTIAL LAW
View of Pretoria, Capital of the South African Republic.
LONDON. Sept. 30.— The correspond
ent of the Morning Post at Johannes
burg sends the following: A Govern
ment official who .has just returned from
Pretoria, where he saw President Kru
ger, assures me that martial law will
be proclaimed to-day or Monday next.
Owing to the reticence of Ministers
there are various stories current to
day. It is asserted with some show of
authority that the dispatches received
■ with
Sir Alfred Milner and the reassembling
of the Cabinet next Tuesday before the
new proposals of the British Govern
ment can be definitely settled.
Officers at Woolwich this evening be
lieve that an army corps will be started
for Smith Africa about October 7 with
General Sir Hedvers Buller.
There appears to be unusual excite
ment in the Admiralty Department;
ge J. i ros< hen. First Lord of
the Admiralty, was busily engaged
there for the greater part of the day.
It is rumored that unexpected compli
cations have arisen and that extensive
preparations ;->.re to be made to guard
against contingencies.
The meeting of the British Cabinet,
on whose deliberations practically
war or peace in South Africa,
. at l o'clock this morning. Presi-
Kruger's reply to the last note of
the imperial Government was the pivot.
d lj s discussion.
The Cabinet adjourned at 3:15 p. m.
The Ministers were heartily cheered by
the waiting crowds.
The Pall Mail Gazette says it under
stands that Mr. Chamberlain submitted
patch containing the following de
on the Transvaal:
i. Five years' franchise qualification
without hampering conditions.
2; m jelt-government at Johan
basis.
3 xi I lon of the judicature fr^m
the • md its independence of
Volksraad.
i. The abolition of the dynamite monop
■e removal of the fort dominating
Johannesburg, though .the defenses at
a may remain.
6. The teaching of the Lnglish lan
:;oOlS.
An official Of the Foreign office this
evening told a representative of the As
ted Press that the Cabinet, In the
absence of the Transvaal's reply, had
agreed to draft a dispatch formulating
its own proposals, which will be com
municated to the Transvaal Govern
ment in a few days. Parliament will
be called shortly to consider the situa
tion. The Government declines to fur
nish exact information at present re
garding the military movements.
Indications this evening lead to the
belief that in view of the Cabinet meet
ing the Boers will probably commit ah
overt act which will bring on hostili
ties before the assembling of Parlia
ment. All the latest dispatches from
the Transvaal show tHe liveliest activ
ity on the- part of the burghers. Tele
grams from Pretoria announce that ar
tillery is being rapidly loaded at the
station for the front, ami that mili
tary trains have preference on all
The Cape mail is delayed in <
quence of the large amount of rolling
stock reserved for the for es.
A large number of burghers left
yesterday for the Natal border and
another for Middleburg. Detachments
of cyclists are being distributed among
the different commanders. It is under
stood that the first contingent of the
Pretoria force will leave for the east
ern border to-morrow.
Commanding General Joubert yester
day aiMress.il a crowd of burghers at
the Pretoria station. His remarks
Jm§S^ Alter
• imW » Fatigue
' WS''^'. ' i \ 3)h Take that grrcat-
) ssk.r c-ty^Jffl est of all nerve
Wsk L / /£!: remedies, HUD-
||§i_ '^!M VAN - .HUDYAN
X^M restores, revives,
\g(|l i fjfiF rejuvenates.
ySm. 1 1 / w In cases of nor-
T 1 1; vous exhaustion
'■i " N^*«^li the entlre ner -
t\ iSrßyfi! i vous system Is
ll Illiw ! involved. There
i IHh ** ' s enfeoblement of
jSB neutral energy
flack of nerve
v force). The nerves
•♦• ■♦■ ropulate even -
| GUARD fIGAINSr I thine that on
DISEASE: uung mat goes on
USE HUDYAN. I i" one's body, and
4 4- when they are
poorly nourished thing's go wrong.
When your nerves are weak you are
easily fatigued. You cannot sleep at
night. You have headaches (fig. 6), hollow
eyes (n g . 5), pale face and sunken cheeks
< fi e- 4;. ( oated tongue (fig. 3), Impaired di-
gestion (fig. 2) and poor appetite, a torpid
liver (fi ; l). HUDYAN cures all these
conditions. liriiYAN cures costiveness.
all-gone, tired feeling, tremblings, lack of
energy, clouded memory, evil forebodings,
( ' lzzv spells, haggard look, despondency,
languor, horrid dreams.' HUDYAN makes
you feel that life is worth living. HUD-
zAN gives one strength and nerve-force.
Get HUDYAN f rom your druggist— soc a
package, or six packages $2 50. If he does
not keep It, send direct to HUDYAN
REMEDY CO., cor. Stockton, Ellis and
Market sts., Ban Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE.
CALL OR WRITE. THEY GIVE FREE AD-
AICE.
were loudly cheered. The officers of
the German corps left for the frofit to
day, and the Hollanders' corps paraded
In tlie principal square of Pretoria and
| saluted President Kruger.
TROOPS ORDFRED TO
LAND AT DELAGOA BAY
LONDON. Sept. 30.— 1t is reported
that the Indian contingent has sealed
orders to land at Delagoa Bay. Ru
mors are current this morning in
Johannesburg that the Boers will take
the initiative Monday on the border
east and west of Charlestown. It is
said that Prince Christian Victor of
Schleswig-Holstein, who is a major in
the King's Royal Rifle Corps, has boon
ordered to Smith Africa on special Ber-
He served In the Ashantee and
Nile campaigns.
The Daily Mail publishes the follow
ing dispatch from Charlestown, Natal:
Commandant General Joubert and his
staff have arrived at Wakkerstrorri
Nek, where :',>"> Boers are already as
sembled with artillery. A force of
burghers was detrained to-day about
two miles from the Natal border.
JOHANNESBURG, Smith Africa,
S< pt, 29. — Tfhe Johannesburg Leader
says: We believe that the Transvaal
Government Is framing an answer to
the charges contained in Mr. Chamber
lain's second dispatch. A formal note
will then be presented to Great Britain
stating that the Transvaal is willing to
await imperial suggestion, but that a
further landing of troops will be consid
er* .1 an intrusion, having the Trans
vaal free to take stfps to defend its in
rlependei;. i .
BOERS HAVE NO NEW
PROPOSALS TO MAKE
LONDON, Sept. 29.— A dispatch to the
Times from Pretoria says:
"It is generally expected that a strUe
of war may be proclaimed at any mo
ment. President Kruger granted me an
interview to-day and declared he had
done all possible for the sake of peace.
He had accepted Mr. Chamberlain's
own offer of a common inquiry, but Mr.
Chamberlain deliberately broke the
thread of negotiations, troops were
massed on all sides and war was forced
upon him. H<- said it was impossible
to accede to the- dispatch of the 12th.
"Such a course would hay given the
land and people Into the hands of
strangers. Ass it was, his seven years'
proposal would, according to the Beld
cornets' books, enfranchise 50,000 per
sons, which was more than the whole
number of the old burghers, yet not
one has come forward to take it. The
CJitlanders never really wanted the
franchise. From the first they refused
tn go on the commandoes and regis
tered, themselves as aliens. Afterward
Lord Loch secured exemption for them
on the same terms as the Portuguese
had. He wished to indignantly deny
Mr. Chamberlain's charge that he had
broken his promise made .luring the
discussion preceding the Pretoria con
vention <>f LBBI, that he would treat new
immigrants equally with the old burgh
ers. He had always been ready to treat
them so, and they had always refused.
" 'In conclusion I asked if there was
still a possibility of peace.
" 'No, 1 he replied, adding:, after a
pause, 'unless the other side will do
something to make peace possible.' "
The correspondent a.dds that perhaps
it is worth pointing out that the com
mando in question did not arise until
1594, after the franchise had been re
stricted by the law of 1891, "which
makes it difficult to see why the former
should accept the latter."
TRANSVAALSY REPLY TO
CHAMBERLAIN'S LETTER
CAP 7: TOWN, Sept. 29.— The Trans
vaal's reply to the last dispatches of
the British Secretary of State for the j
Colonies, Mr. Chamberlain, has been
sent from Pretoria, It is to the effed
that the republic strictly adheres to the
London convention and asks nothing
further. Tin' question of the suzerain
ty of Great Britain over the Transvaal
is not touched tf»on in the dispatch.
A dispatch from Glencoe, Natal, says:
: Telegraphic communication between
| here and the Transvaal is temporarily
: interrupted. This Is supposed to hay.
-been caused by a thunderstorm. The
camp is" free from sickness and patrols
are regular, especially in the direction
jof Dejager's Drift, on the Buffalo
River, where the Boers are reported to
jbe laagered. The greatest enthusiasm
1 prevails.
The second movement of troops from
Lady Smith- to Dundee was carefully
j concealed and expeditloualy carried
! out. The townspeople only knew of th-? j
maneuver by the presence of the
; troops. It Is stated here that tho |
burghers have requested permission to ]
either return to their farms or raid '
, Natal.
A telegram from Volksrust says that
it is reported that the Boers intend to
take up a position at Schinons Hogte,
falling back on Laings Neck if forced
tO do pn.
JOUBERT'S NOTE OF
WARNING TO OFFICERS
WASHINGTON, Sept. 25.— The fol
lowing circular fcras been transmitted to
the War Department by the United
States Consul at Pretoria and is of in
terest at this time:
To commandants, field cornets and as
sistant field cornets: Office of the com
mandant general. Pretoria. August 24 1899
Sir: In consequence or certain com- 1
plaints having come to the notice of the i
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1899.
Government that British subjects or
KnKlishrriPn having •been comniandered
by certain officers and officials, or noti
fied to hold themselves in readiness with
horse, saddle and bridle, guns and am
munition, and that notice had been given
to merchants and dealers by sumo offl
:hat their shops and places must be
sed and also that British subjects have
in en forbidden by them to export or sell
tor tli.' purpose of exporting horses, etc.,
I have herelby the honor to give you spe
cial Instructions and to urgently forbid
ir iiuj]!£j any act which might com
promise us and bring us Into collision
with any other power. It thus must be
understood that no single alien no matter
what is his nationality, who does not
voluntarily offer, or has not offered
his services, may l>e called upon nr eom
mandered in the event of unexpected or
undesirable disturbances of war.
Guard against everything that can do
harm or provoke unrest, and take care
that you do noi act contrary to the terms
of this circular except on further spe
cial instruction from the Government. I
have the honor to be,
P. J. JOUBBRT, Commander General.
ARBITRATION MAY
BE RECOMMENDED
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 29.—Dis
cussing the attitude of Germany in re
gard to the Transvaal crisis, the Rossia
says:
It is still an open question as to whether
Russian diplomacy, on the basis of The
Hague conference, may not make the ex
periment of reenmmending that Great
Britain and the Transvaal have recourse
to a court of arbitration. In view of the
hostile feeling against Great Britain, it
is very possible that numerous volunteers
from Europe will to thr aid of the
Boers, as Russian volunteers aided Servia.
[f <;i"iit Britain attempts to prevent such
movement Russia, perhaps, will speak a
decisive word.
MANY VOLUNTEERS
FROM THE COLONIES
MELBOURNE, Victoria. Sept. 29.— A
conference of the military command
.ints <>f all th-' colonies except N^w
Zealand is sitting here to discuss the
equipment and dispatch of an Austral
ian force to South Africa. Volunteers
are coming forward largely from all
the colonies. About 1400 Victorians
have already volunteered.
DURBAN, Sept. .29.— The summoning
of the volunteers has caused wide
spread excitement. The men responded
t'eadlly and 800 troops with numerous
guns will entrain to-morrow.
OTIS' STORY OF
THE FIGHTING
■♦
He Tells How Porac Was
Captured.
Sjwial Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Sept. 30, 10:15 a. m.
— General Otis and General
Schwan are visiting Angeles, the
northernmost town held by the
Americans. The visit is possibly
connected with a conference with
rebel leaders.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.— General
Otis to-day cabled the following report
of tho capture of Porac:
Lawton's troops at Calumplt and San
Fernando, where concentration is taking
place; ordered to cover country Mexico,
(Jruoga, Bacolor and Santa Kita. MacAr
tliur ordered to lake his troops and clear
country west and in vicinity of Porac,
which he did yesterday, advancing to Po
rac at an early hour with Ninth infantry
and Thirty-sixth Volunteers, capturing
Porac and driving enemy north. Whea
ton at Angeles kept back enemy on his
north and moved force westward to in.
terrupt Porac insurgents, but they re
treated l>y mountain roads. Results, dear
ing the country preparatory to future ope
rations. Our casualties at Porac. five
wounded. Wheaton does not report any
casualties. Captured one officer and sev
eral enlisted men, .some twenty of the
enemy killed; number wounded unknown.
From General Otis' dispatch of to
day it is evident that operations
against the* insurgents north of Manila
and west of Porac are to be pushed
with vigor. This also is the plan of
Secretary Root. It was asserted at
the War Department that a crushing
campaign will be inaugurated at the
close of the rainy season. The purpose
of tho present campaign is to clear the
country along the Dagupan railroad of
all hostile natives. General Lawton has
been ordered to assist in the general
advance and to concentrate his troops
in the vicinity of Calumpit and San
Fernando. The concentration of such
a large body of troops north of Manila,
it is believed, indicates the opening >f
a campaign with a view of driving the
Filipinos into the hills, where they will
be cut off from all supplies and muni
tions of war.
MANILA, Sept. 29.— An escaped
Spanish prisoner who has entered the
American lines says that General Mas
cardo, with 800 insurgents, began to
retreat out of Porac yesterday as soon
as the' place was attacked. He moved
to Calumpit, a mountain stronghold to
the westward, where 1500 other Insur
gents were massed, and where also the
rebels have powder works.
Four prisoners from the captured
American gunboat Urdanetta were In
Porac and were taken to Calumpit by
the retreating enemy. Five other men
of the crew were killed.
Letters regarding the return of the
American prisoners now in the Philip
pine Islands are passing both ways.
TWO MEN PERISH IN A
POWDER=MILL EXPLOSION
Portion of the California Powder
Works Plant Near Santa
Cruz Destroyed.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 29.— Another seri
ous explosion occurred at the Califprnia
Powder Works near this city to-day. Two
workmen, Joseph Steiner and L. Larsen,
lost their lives. The mill that was blown
up was the fuse corning mill, which is
located near the double wheelhouse. The
building, which was only constructed last
year, was modern in every respect. It
consisted of three sides of masonry work,
with an op^n front, surmounted by a gal
vanized iron roof. As usual the direct
cause of the explosion is a mystery. Be
yond the blowing off of the roof the build
ing was not damaged to any great extent.
The loss cannot as yet be estimated, but
It will probably foot up In the-neighbor
hood of JIOOO.
The amount 'of powder stored away In
the mill could not have been much as the
report was not very loud. Another indi
cation that goes to show that there was
little powder in the mill was the condi
tion of the bodies when found. Instead
of being blown to atoms, as is usually the
WILD EXCITEMENT IN THE
SOUTHERN GOTTON EXCHANGES
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 29.— The wildest !
I panic ever witnessed on the floor of the
New Orleans Cotton Exchange occurred |
I to-day shortly after business opened, and
caused, In the midst of the excitement,
the complete suspension of future busi
j ne.«s pending the investigation of what at
j the moment was assumed to be a conspir-
I aey to swindle the Cotton Exchanges of
\ the country. The panic was due to an ap
parent terrific jump in the price of cotton,
has. d on alleged Liverpool advances, and
; it was roughly estimated that $170,0(K> had
been lost on the local transactions as a re- j
suit, l^ater in the day the exchange, j
: after receiving legal advice, declared null j
i ati'l void all future transactions of tre
day. This action, however, promises to
be bitterly contested, and litigation s
I likely to be the final outcome. Business
I here will not be resumed until Monday.
The market at Liverpool opened 3-32 d
lower on spots and 4-64 d lower on deliv
j cries as compared with yesterday's values,
and continued without mfiterial change |
for some time. Then the wires became !
hot with tales of rapidly advancing prices.
They started up one-half of a sixty-fourth J
at a time at iirst. and then jumped until.
the not advance up to 9:45 local time!
showed 41-64 d. In the meantime New Or- |
Jeans had opened under the Influence of i
the Liverpool market, advanced twelve to
fourteen points higher than last evening's
closing and quickly climbed thirty points j
additional.
Then the explosion came. With an un- j
accountable advance of tifty-four points |
facing them, operators began to receive i
cablegrams from Liverpool asking the
reason for the heavy gain in prices in this j
market, and stating that prices In the j
English market still stood at about the i
opening figures. These cable advices, in |
the Cac« of from fo,stt to 50,000 bales Bold
! and purchased, threw the operators into a
frenzy of excitement, and they surged,
shouting, yelling and gesticulating, about ;
the ring as President Parker rushed to
his desk and summoned, without Lhe
usual formalities, a meeting of the cx
i change. Amid tumultuous scenes a mo
| tion to Buspen i business was gasped out
: by a wildly excited broker, and with a
tremendous shout it was unanimously'
carried. The news of the excitement of
the ilop in the meantime had spread like
wildfire through the business districts,
and Carondelet street in the vicinity of
the exchange and the bucket shops were
soon thronged with excited men. Man
' ager West of the Western I'nion Com- !
pany, as soon as he got wind of the sen- i
sational advance, set his wires to work
with messages of inquiry to New York.
Replies came promptly, directing that all
; specials in reference to Liverpool fluctua
: tions be held until they could be confirmed
by the 4 p. m. report.
In the face of these reports and the j
advices from Liverpool, President Parker i
convened the directors early in the after
noon, and it was then concluded to close
the futures market until Monday, in order
to permit brokers to recover from their
shock and enable an investigation to be .
concluded fixing the blame for the re
markable blundering or the responsibility :
for the conspiracy. At the same meeting 1
the board summoned its counsel, E. I). I
Saunders, and asked an opinion from him
as to the legality of the contracts that
had been made under the misapprehen
sion.
"Having been informed that all con
tracts made this day," said Mr. Saunders
"were based on false reports from Liver- !
pool as to price, I advise you that the
consent essential to a valid 'contract was j
wanting, and the contracts therefore are I
void."
Upon the basis of this opinion the con- 1
11 of our $10 all-wool tai- jfpß^'i jif>pjf'.
I lor-made suits— that is, if you don't want to in- K^sf^fel
*§ dulge in a high-priced suit? • ■■ vlsf'tl
fl For a s mall price these $10 suits form the ( /^T|mw^! j|
8 best opportunity for clothing yourself neatly at w^ ||||^fl|H
I Money returned if yon want it or ISI j
I Suit kepi in repair free for one year. sfj i 1 •
■ Send or call for samples. . pjjj j
i Ask for self-measurement blank if you live ||jj| ;*
■I S. N. , WOOD & CO., ; ; Mil
H 718 Market Street and , : ■ A&Er^^^ 4
\S . : Corner Powell and Eddy. '■8-=^!** -f
' ■"" |illlll . '■■* " 118 l .'■■■■■ "II lIIIIIIIIIIIIPIMIHW I II
I case, they were recognizable. The sup
position is that the victims were first
rendered unconscious by the concussion
' of the explosion and then burned to death.
I The body of Steiner when found was
in a crouching position on the floor, while
only a ft-w feet away lay the rlgrid form
of the unfortunate Larsen, stretched out
lengthwise.
With the exception of Charley Holcraft
none of .the other workmen had narrow
| escapes. The former, who had only been
i transferred to another mill this morning,
j can consider himself fortunate as he cer
i talnly would have found a last resting
' place' with the unfortunate Steiner and
! I^arsen had he been compelled to remain
| in the mill.
Both Larsen and Steiner have been era
• ployed at the works for some tlm° and
! were considered experienced workmt-n.
j Larsen was a married man and leaves a
wiilnw and daughter to mourn his loss.
Joseph Steiner was a well-known young
i man and has always considered Santa
i Cruz his home. He has parents residing
j here and was unmarried. He was 32 years
I of age.
tracts were declared off. The curbstone
brokers— or at least some of them—pro
tested against the action of the board in
declaring contracts 'void and claimed that
they were not governed by the exchange.
Other brokers were likewise of the opinion
that the exchange had exceeded its au
thority and threats were freely made
during the afternoon of a resort to liti
gation to determine whether the contracts
should stand or fall.
To-day is the first time in its history of
thirty years that the New Orleans Cotton
Exchange has been compelled to suspend
business. During the panic of 1893 a sim
ilar .attempt to suspend was made, but
failed. The exchange took the ground
then that suspension would injure it In
the markets of the world. The directors
feel that to-day's suspension was unavoid
able and excusable.
A statement In relation to to-day's
panic was given out by officials of the
Cotton Exchange late this afternoon. Re
ferring to the false Quotations, the state
ment says:
All of the Liverpool dispatches quoted came
thrnUßh thr regular channel, the Commercial
News Buraau of thf» Western Union Telegraph
Company, which has been the news conductor
for the various Southern exchanges for more
than a quarter of a century past. The expla
nation of the company is that the changes nj
ported were to be construed as against the
closing price of yesterday, but as the invariable
custom heretofore has been to give all changes
In the Liverpool market compared with the dis
patch Immediately preceding; the explanation
is not only unsatisfactory, but indicates negli
gence somewhere little short of criminal.
ATLANTA, Ga., Sept. 29.— When the re
port of a rapid rise in cotton became
known here to-day the locaj brokers were
Hooded with orders to sell. One order was
as high as 4uOO bales. The excitement was
intense, with no' abatement until the ad
vices from Liverpool denying the rumors
of the rise in prices were twice confirmed.
One cotton merchant is said to have
bought 20U0 bales at 7^ cents on the
strength of the quotations, byt the brpkers
as a rule were cautious..
GALVESTON. Tex.. Sept. 29.— The Liv
erpool quotations caused an exciting hour
on the Cotton Exchange to-day. Later
all trades were declared off and th" loss
on futures will be small. It is on cintry
purchases that the rub will come Be
cause of the supposed advance in Liver
pool prices factories rushed telegrams to
their buyers in interior towns raising the
limit for spot cotton. A sale of one lot of
100 bales at Houston at fifty points more
than the true market price is reported.
The hanks received telegrams from their
correspondents from many points in the
interior calling for currency. A promi
nent banker stated this evening that over
a quarter of a million dollars in bills
was shipped from here this afternoon. It
is not likely that many of the spot trans
actions will be called off.
HOUSTON. Tex.. Sept. 29.— The local
cotton men went wild to-day on the Liver
pool quotations. The brokers could not
handle the business. It Is believed many
country merchants have been hard hit on
actual cotton purchased when the early
quotations were ssnt out, and failures
may result.
MOBILE. Ala.. Sfpt. 20.— Mobile cotton
men were staggered by the Liverpool cot
ton reports and there was very little trad
ing. It is impossible to estimate at pres
ent the amount of sales in the Interior
upon false reports, but it is thought to be
large, as the market has been bullish for
several days and buyers would be quick
to act on such reports as came early to
day.
Reception to Major Rice.
RAKERSFIELD. Sept. 20.— The people
of Rnkersfiel'i gave Major F. S. Rice, late
commander of the California Heavy Artil
lery, a rousing reception this evening at
Scribner'p Opera-house. The major taiked
for two hours of his experience in the
Philippines, after which he came down
and shook hands with his fellow towns
men.
Greatest Nerve and ilood TonSc
No. 2, fwia la wb I a ftflo« 2.
I have given personal inspection to the-w.-orkinp of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
must say that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical College.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how long standire. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
j der or Enlarped Prostate Gland, no matter if the p^tieots hive been for years forced to use
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASK OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impotency that cm be cured, and permanently restore youthful yigr>r and
vitality. It is no siimulant. Its effects are permanent ana lasting-. Will cure any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. Will remove en-
tirely from the systrm Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition in the above. M. I . S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
I Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on tbf market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of suff-
j erers. It is prescribed by leading physicians allover the country . It is pleasant to take and
fMBS absolutely safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
g^, |»L~ heart. If you are suffering- from any chronic disease you are urged to
Br S~ write lo us, no matter how many doctors or kinds of medicines you
SAm Hm hare tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO Ct'RE YOU.
That you may judgreof the value of the Grent Si>ecific for yonrself,
we will send you one larg-c case by mail FREE. only asking- that
when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to our medical
' department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NATIONAL FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF COX-
nerticut. on the Slut day of December, A.
D. 1898. and lor the year crt'lins; on that day,
as made to. the • Insurance Commissioner or the
Slate of California, pursuant to the provisions
ol sections 610 and 611 of the i'olltlcal Cods,
condensed r.s per blank rurnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. ':
Amount of Capital St&ck, paid up
in Cash $1.000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company J306.050 S3
Loans on Bends and Mortgages.... 810,890 i<T
Cash Market Value Of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company i, 835,393 00
Amount at Loans secured by pledge j
of Bond*. Stocks and other market-
able becurlties as collateral .
Cash in Company's Office - TW 31
Cash in Banks •• 2G0,1&> 71
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans
Interest due and accrued "on Bonds
and Mortgages t-r:,""'
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion •••• 420,6509 i
Blll= receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Klsk.s
Rents due and accrued •■■•
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on- losses already paid...
Total Assets ..14.642.439 73
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $95,927 53
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ['I' 1 _ 5
Losses resisted, including expanses.. .26.06, ( ti
tiroes premiums on Fife Risk.* run-
ning one year or less, $]..">.'!. 441 08;
re-insurance 50 per cent ib 2,220 54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more, than one year, $1,914,-
-945 GS: re-insurance pro rata 990,189 66
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. — :
re-insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
RlHks, . ; re-Insurance 50
per cent W"
All other demands against the Com-
pany 167,850 as
Total Liabilities ..$2.112.791 9S
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,056,539 36
Not Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and •
Mortgages , 48.153 32
Received for Interest and dividends
cm Bonds, Stock.?, Loans and from
all other sources 141.3 C C 4
Received for Rents 1,489 91
Profit and Loss— Agent's Balance... 351 uS
Total Income .12.288.260 41
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount raid for £* !r<? losses (in-
cludlnK $1".5,429 OS, losses Of pre-
vious years) $1,094,747 59
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including . losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends 'to Stockholders 120.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 405.47S 20
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 180,178 93
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 72,231 42
All other payments and expend!- .-■
tures 350.C83 31
Total Expenditures $2,263,1» 50
Losses Incurred durlntr the year. fire. 51,119,698 78
Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year .......:. j $259,356,712 $2,633,80693
Net amount of Risks • : : ;;
. expired during the
year 224,. ,53,507 2.554.G42 55
Net amount In force .
December 31. IS9S 320.115.172 3,439.386 96
JAMES NICHOLS, President.
E. G. RICHARDS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 22d
day of January, ISS9.
FRED B. SEYMOUR,
Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
409 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
GEO. D. DORNIN, CEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. - . - Ass't Manager.
CITY AGENCY;
SOS Sansome Street,
Henry C Ahpel & Co., Agents,
tj!j% Chldicotcr'e Kngllnh Diamond Brand. -
Pennyroyal fills '
ENNYRdVAL PSLLS
B rHjjTX. Original end Only 6eont»<v A
J^jfn*J\ ■*r c > »:w»yi reliable, ladies uk «TX
A^Tl-STMnL Drogcist tor'CMchritert Bnglui Dia-JSf%L
(jl*4£S^%&\mondßran<l in Kcd and Gold iueUMc;\\Br
T-v -^TwJKjbont, o«mled with blue ribbon. Toko V»^
- iM 9^ ISfjno other. Rtfwte . tubititu- V
I / "" fwtiant end imitate tu. At Draggtsti, or lend 4*
I 4— JJt la itampo for p irtlculan, tciitlmonlilii aoa
\Q* S3 "Relief for Ladles," in Utter, by rctara
J^ IT MeJL 1 ».OOW Ti-3tincDi«l«. jfooe Paper. ■
r =**/ dh!<»be««tor CjiowicalCo.,Mndlio« S<jh»»<v j
■M tff all Ucil Uruzgiiu. - i v HILAWA.. V& ■
ADVERTISEMENT S.
STATEMENT
OF. THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of the: —
Springflsld Fire and Marine '
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF 1
Massachusetts, on the.3)3t day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1898, and for the year ending on that,
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner o?"
the State of California, pursuant to the provi-
sions of sections 610 ar.'l 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank. furnished by th<*
Commissioner.
. . CAPITAL.
Amount of Capita! Stock, paid up
In Cash ■ .$1,500.000 QQ
AS.TCTS.
Real Estate owned by Company $131,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 752 730 00
Cash Market Value of ail Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company: 3,318,165 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar- -•.'-".•
ketable securities as collateral 84.273 00
Cash in Company's Office 20,179 99
Cash in Banks.. 119|26'5 34
interest due and accrued on all
Storks and Linns , SI.SIO 91
interest due and accrued on Bonds ■
and .Mortgages 20,466 45
Premiums in due Course of Collec- '
tion. 255.571 S3
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued .•..• • ggg 17
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance or. losses already paid... 7,144 69 .
Total- Assets ..s■< 774.658 3<>
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $23,774 11
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 128,036 49
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 12,187 31
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, 11,195.-
-543 75; re-Insurance 50 j;er rent 597,772 87
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one ye;ir, $1,GG3,-
-931 31: reinsurance pro rata 851,983 84
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks; re-insur-
ance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
reinsurance 50 per cent
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 67.714 17
Total Liabilities .■ $1.87:?,05S 99
INCOME. ■ ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,755,219 18 '
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums •....
Received for Interest on Bonds and • -\ : ■.
Mortgages 37,134 95
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bends, Stocks. Loans, and from • ■ '.■'■'■ ,
all other sources 143.354 75
Received for Rents 4,794 02
Tot I Income $1,970,502 SS
EXPENDITURES. """
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $132,633 5. losses of pre-
vious years $934.670 11
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including loss, of previous years)
Dividends to Stockholders. 130.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 335.92S 6$
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 107.894 17 '
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 7S.SS7 33
All other payments and expenditures 217.300 /4,
Total Expenditures $1.527,661 07
Losses Incurred during the . year. ■.
fire ..' $951.152 44
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. {Premiums.
Net amount ct Risks ■
written. during the
year $211,049,678 $2,178,027 34
Net amount of Risks!
. expired • . during the
year ' 192.417.221 2.270.651 77
N"t i amount In forcel
December 31. 1898 ! 265.02(>.971 2.799,477 Of
AW. DAMON, President.
S. J. HALL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of January. 1599. P. S. [:,\ILET.
;-■-; '■_■;■: Notary Public.
*od3a^^^*^S»ss ■*" u " (1 > o for GonorrlKaJT
gleet Spermatorrhoea
fi&Zsr inltoidaj"- VS > v hi tea, unnatural jig.
EStXX Qtsraau»l Jg rhargefi, or any inflaiima.
SJ*°m no to stricture. tion, irritation or vi or*.
I^--»tiP»veDU goptagloo. tion of mucous niem-
&J*VkeEvanS CHEM"£Mno, l ' r!incs - Non-astringenu
%S?Si\CIKCINNATI.O BpH Sold by *»»•■«*««,
▼SWflk. n. ". x' >M ? sent in plain wrappor,
*<3*&Sb»^L_~^JtS&W express, prepaid toi
34
GUNMEN WILL
BE READY FOR
FIELD SPORTS
Elaborate Preparations for
Shooting Wherever the
Law Permits.
Although under the State law the season
for duck and quail shooting opens to
morrow, tportsmen will find but few
places open to them. The Supervisors of
the various counties are' given the power j
to amend the State law. Prompted by
associations Interested in the preservation
of game the Supervisors of many counties
have extended the close season. Thus it
will not be legitimate to kill quail or
ducks in some parts of the State until No
vember 11
Mendoclno, Napa, Solano and Contra
Costa counties have made no change in
tin Plate law", hence gunmen may shoot
at will over their broad acres. There Is
it growing ■einirhem nnpan-iii toward the \
preservation of roe birds. It. is ex- I
petted that next year all the counties
will have passed ordinances extending the j
close season on «iuail and ducks until j
November l. The second broods of quail
are still too young to fly, and it would .
lake but a few momenta to wipe out whole |
bevies. . .
The best duck shooting to-morrow
should be on the preserves I . about Solano
County. Many mallards have bred there,
and the grain-baited preserves have at- I
tracted otner*-. The birds have not • come |
in from the north In any numbers as yet, !
out the lirst heavy storm will send them
southward. Ibe preserves about Alvarado ;
are dry and comparatively i«'W ntrds have j
been Been there. The bombarding they:
will get about Suisun to-morrow will, ;
however, send some of them south in
quest of a more hospitable feeding place.
The season will open in the counties
which are usually shot over by the
sportsmen of this city as follows:
Alarneda- October 1; rail, October 15,
and quail. November 1.
Contra Costar-Dueka anil quail, October 1.
Lake— Duck* and quail, October 1.
Matin— Ducks, October I; quail, November 1.
Mendoclno— Ducks and quail, October 1.
Monterey— Ducks, October 1; quail, October
1 to October S.
Napa Ducks and quail, October 1. ■
San Mateo— "Ducks, October 1; rail, October
15; quail, November 1.
•Santa Clara— Ducks, October 1; quail, Novem
ber 1. ' •
Solan. — Ducks and quail. October 1.
Sonoma— Ducks, October 1; quail, Novem- j
ber 1
Thirty members of the Olympic. Gun
Club have expressed a desire to shoot over j
the Cordelia preserves to-morrow. As
there are but twenty shooting stands at |
the present time lots are to be drawn to i
determine the lucky men to whom they [
will be assigned. Persons drawing a j
shooting stand may if they desire Invite j
a- fellow member or a guest to share their i
good fortune. Those who do not have an j
opportunity at ducks to-morrow will find
quail near at hand on which they may ;
test their skill as field shots. Five addi
tional stands are to be erected for the
duck shooters at once. When the rains* I
come and the area of the ponds is In- I
creased the shooting facilities will be still
further added to. The members expected
on the preserve to-morrow are:
F. V. Bell, J. O. Jensen. H. K. Rose, H. H.
White. Howard Black. W. 11. Phelpa, A. F.
Hoepke, W. A. Marshall, Dr. A. T. Derby,
George Walker, F. B. Surryhne. 11. L. Miller,
J. J. Winner. L. W. Hasphan, M. C. Allen.
W. F. Foster, I'r. G. W. Kleiser, Robert H.
Delafleld. W. Hlrshfield, L. Bocquerax, Edward
I.Mibodat. V. V. Harrier. N. E. I'ncer, A. M.
Shields, L,. Titus, Dr. F. J. Lane, F. TV. Pe
ters, E. Hlrschel, W. H. Roussel.
Possibly the finest of the clubs is that
which bears the title of San Pablo Sport
ing Club. The four gentlemen making up
its membership are E. F. Preston, Achille
Roos, Prince Ponlatpwskl and George
Crocker. They own a fine preserve at San
Pablo, on which they have built a com
fortable shooting lodge, A gamekeeper is
in charge.
The members of the Pringle Gun Club,
which has extensive preserves on the Pey
ton tract, near Suisun, anticipate royal
sport. The ponds have been heavily bait
ed and are reported packed with ducks.
The club is a small one and only members
will be permitted to shoot over its pre
serves. The shooting days are Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. The members
are: W. H. Bryan, president; Otto Feud
ner, J. A. Wilson. E. E. Long, J. W. Har
per and Edward Hilborn. f
The members of the SuiPun Gun Club
have made extended preparations for the
season and anticipate high class sport. It
is composed of the following: President,
Thomas Robinson; secretary, J. Murphy;
directors, K. Perkins, J. C. Murphy, T. L.
Robinson. James Keys and Alden Ander
son, all of Suisun. Members— Klnsey,
San Rafael; Judge Buckles, Solano; Mr.'
Hoytena and J. Smith, San Francisco; R.
J. Boyer and C. L. Diets, Oakland; R. L
Eaton. San Mateo; J. C. Murphy, T. L.
Robinson. King Perkins and J. Keys. Sui
sun; J. M. Bums, Vacaville; L. Hilborn
and Dr. Downing, Suisun, and Judge Hall,
Woodland.
Down Alvarado way there are a dozen
clubs, Including the Spooney Gun Club,
Dewey, Pastime, Montezuma and that at
Willow Lodge formerly called the Pelican,
which was composed of prominent Oak
landers, headed by W. W. Foote. The
members of the Spooney Club are: Phil
Bekeart, L. R. Larzalere, J. F. Burfeind
J. E. Miles and George W. Wolfe. Prom
inently identified with the Willow Lodge
Club are Golcher, light, Shaw and other
well-known experts.
A booklet containing engravings of the
most noted pointers and setters in Amer
ica Is being distributed among the well
known field shots by A. H. Phelps. The
press work shows the highest develop
ment of the printer's art. The book Is is
sued by the Hazard Powder Company.
Dr. Robinson and Dr. Vowlnkle left last
night for Oregon on a bear hunt. Dr. de
Marvllle has in contemplation the same
trip.
FISHING ON EEL RIVER.
The best fishing on Eel River at the
present time is to be had at Robinson's.
The flsh at Weymouth's are reported
nnal!, averaging from a half Co thtee
quariers of a pound. The quartet of
Johns — Gallagher, Butler, Samml and
Lemmer — fished Weymouth'si Fortune
and the South Fork, fifteen miles up Eel
River, besides spending one day at Rob
inson*.
Prank Maskey and wife, Fred Lees and
wife, Colonel Kellhor and Charles Fieblg
are at Robinson's. Maskey and Lees will
i-nialn there during October to avail
themselves of the quail shooting.
Mr. Maskey landed a SVpound steel
bead, but this was topped by a six
poundt i secured by John Babcock. Ellis
Robinson secured some weighing fr^m
four to five poundf and many of two and
three pounds weight. The rod wlelders
are not doing bo well with the largo :ish
as they did last year. They are using i>jg
flies for the big tish, the favorites being
the "professor" and the "coachman.
Sharing the popularity of these Is Benn'r,
latest creation, the "Dewey." This is a
brilliant affair of red, white and blbfl
feathers. The truthful fishermen affirm
the fish showed they were up to date by
taking the fly with avidity.
While at Robinson's Al Wilson met
Charles Fiebig, whom he pronounced tne
«ldtst, the most active, and the most en
FIRST GAME ON
THE GRIDIRON
AT BERKELEY
Olympians and Californians
Will Put the Football
in Play.
The football season opens to-day. This
afternoon at Berkeley the Olympic Club
eleven and the University of California
team will meet and will strive f honors
on the field. Both teams have been train
ing for a month and are anxious to test
their strength In actual conflict.
The clubmen are sanguine of victor:'.
With their brawn, ripened experience and
advanced condition they do not entertain
a thought of defeat for a minute. Cali
fornia is not so certain either of victory
or defeat. The college athletes respect
their heavier foes, but the reserve and
covert smiles with which they listen to the
expressed intentions of the Olympic men
may augur something which the Olympics
least expect. Coach Cochran admits that j
he does not anticipate a victory for his
colts, but he has given the Olympics
warning that they will at least feel the
effects of a battle and that they will
realize that a football game was on before
the tinal whistle blows.
The game this afternoon should be of
better quality than the" first game of any
preceding wison. The Olympic Club
never had a stronger lot of men nor a
more harmonious set. They have trained
together during the last few weeks with
out a sign or show of friction and they
are working with a common end in view.
Every evening at 5 o'clock the team as
sembles in the club gymnasium and runs
out to the Pacific Street armory- Then
signal practice, fast and furious, is in
order for an hour. The men run back to
the gymnasium after this and a swim
completes their training. Strict dietary
rules are observed.
The club men will have a center that
will tower over California's midline' pro
tectors. Hobbs In the middle, with Cad
wallader and "Pete" Smith on each Bide
of him, make enough weight of flesh to
terrify almost any center trio in the coun
try. Cadwallader, the pick of the East
two years ago for an all American team,
Is a fast, powerful linesman, and when
he is fortified by two expert football men,
each weighing over -"" pounds, something
ought to give way in front of them. Cali
fornia's center will be the same as last
year, and it is comparatively light. An
interesting problem will present Itself
when they meet to-day. >/■:.'■
But it Isn't the center alone that makes
the Olympic team. There Ik Sheehy and
Erskine In the tackle positions and Code
at quarter. The- ends are untried,- but
they are equal to the good average end
in a college team. Carter, Thierkauf and
Wilson will play back of the line. All
are good ground gainers, especially when
working in consonance with a line that
is big enough to punch holes into almost
anything.
No matter what the Olympics do with
their superabundant weight, the specta
tors may hope to see some of the old
time gridiron brilliancy when Hall, Smith
or Kaarsburg get the ball and start down
the it. ■id. Percy Hall is still with Cali
[ornla and has lost none of his old-time
dash and vigor. Pringle is back and
Whipple is there also, and both have
proved themselves great tackles. Mas
ters, a substitute end of last year's team,
will till Craig's place on the end of the
line. Hopper will -play quarter, the posi
tion for which he was trained last year
but failed to make on account of an acci
dent The line-up for the game, which
will be played on the Berkeley campus
at 3:30 this afternoon, is as follows:
California. Positions. Olympics.
Masters R— End— L. McLalne
Pringle Tackle— l* Brskine
Cornish Center Hobba
Apiinor At hern.. Guard— L. Smith
Qrelsberg I>— Guard— R Cadwallader.
Whipple L— Tackle— X Sheehy
Womble L— End— R Gaylord
Hopper Quarter Code
Hall L— Half— R Carter
Smith I: R— Half— L. Thierkauf
Kaarsbere Fullback Wilson
ON STANFORD FIELD
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 2*.-
Th.- football season is rapidly advancing
at Stanford. Each evening the bleachers
i are crowded with spectators, while the
field is covered with between eighty and
ninety candidates, all of whom are anx
ious to make a place on one of the two
i teams that are to uphold the honor of the
I cardinal this fall.
With such an abundance of material and
I enthusiasm Stanford is also fortunate in
having the strongest corps of coaches she
has had for years, if not the strongest in
! all her history. Coach Chamberlin is as
sisted each evening by "Jack" Reynolds,
the star half in 95, and Charles Lowers,
another of Stanford's old players. Each
| of them dons the moleskin and puts the
1 men through much individual training for
their positions.
With the return of Burnett and Gilman
Chamberlin hopes to build up a center
trio that will compare, favorably with
that of two years ago. De Forest is ex
! pected to complete the trio by playing his
! old position at left guard. He is consid
ered on«- of the most promising men who
entered college this year, on account of
j his long experience with the Multnomah
| team in Portland.
The freshman team promises to prove
; the surprise of the season. Coach C'ham
-1 berlin does not try to conceal the fact
that he is proud of his "infants." They
' have few stars, and realize that it takes
■ i the whole team to win a victory. What
j they do have, though is plenty of grit
• and ginger. Already they have shown in
■ | their t<m lineups that they know the
■ j game and are not afraid to get into Jt.
They play their first game on the campus
on Saturday with St. Matthew's team,
> and will probably line up as follows: Lee,
t ; center; Traeger, right guard; Graves, left
' i guard; Pollard, right tackle; McFadden,
left tackle; B. E. Nourse. right end;
Lutgerdlng or Welth, left end; Raitt or
Brocherton, quarter; Parker or Allen,
right half; Crowell or Luck, left half;
> Roberts or Cameron, full.
Trainer Murphy, assisted by "Billy"
; IfcLeod, last year's trainer, is working
hard with the men, and the result Is that
" ; not a man is on the sick list. The man
\ \ agement will start the training table
I • rly in October.
thuslastlc of fishermen. Mr. Fiebig is 79
years of age. He is a naturalist, and has
collected all the birds of Humboldt
County. He mounted them and presented
them to the Eureka High School. All the
game birds, song birds ana birds of prey
are included in the collection. As .•■bow
ing his endurance, he cast a fly from 2
i o'clock until 7 without a rest. This was
| pronounced a wonderful feat by the fish
ermen who saw it. Mr. Fiebig Is a vet
eran of the civil war, and was wounded at
AnViftam.
The Fish Commission is in receipt of'in
formation from its representative in N e .
I vada that the fish ladder on the Reduct.-.'n
Works dam at Reno has been finished in
a satisfactory manner. All the dams ar«
properly equipped now except those at
Chalk Bluff and Pounning. and work on
th. ■« is under way. The campaign inaug
urated by Commissioner Gould last year,
and to which Commissioner Vogelsang has
devoted so much attention this year, has
had its effect. The passage of fish from
Nevada into California will be obstructed
no lunger.
THE SA* FRANCISCO CAT,!,, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1399.
SPORTMEN
WITH THE
ON UPLAND
AND
MARSH
GREYHOUNDS
FOR A TEXAS
WATERLOO CUP
Representative Dogs From
This State to Be Sent for
the Big Event. *
California kennels will be well repre
sented at the American Waterloo meet
ing to be held at Dallas, Tex., October
SO and 21. John Halton will take Metallic,
Emm Pasha and several other crack rep
resentatives of Pasha Kennels. "Mike"
X. alon will take Athena, which won third
( money at Union Park last week. Nego
, tiatlons arc pending whereby he may take
j Brutus and Frank McComb's great dog,
Royal Flush. In all he wants to take a
: round dozen dogs, and is confident of re
| turning with a goodly proportion of the
; prize money. "Tim " Harrington is also
considering the advisability of making the
pilgrimage. J. Sweeney, Handy &
Smith's trainer, will take four grey
: hounds, the best known being Twin City
Girl and Lady Hugo.
Mr. Low,, .if the coursing firm of Lowe
& Thompson will attend the meeting with
a strong string of dogs, including some
recently imported , from England. After
the Waterloo he will bring his dogs to
this (oast for his h'rst visit bore.
The added money in the Waterloo will
be $60L For the Consolation stake to be
run the following day ?2i>o will be offered.
| This hardly compares favorably with the
stakes off. red here, but the leashmen are
anxious to encourage tho coursing men
of the Middle West, hence the interest
shown in their meeting. The coursing
will be held on the field of the Dallas
racetrack. This is of good size and has
a desirable surface over which the dogs
will run.
1 >. J. Healey has three saplings entered
! at Union P;trk to-day, of which great
performances are expected. They are by ,
Emm Pasha-Wave, and should more than
duplicate the successes of the same i
owner's Rusty Gold-Wave litter. They
were nied out at I'nion Park last Mon
day and one of them, a brindle and white
dog proved a wonder.
■ fene G%ary tried out four Emm ,
Pasha-Bonnie Lass saplings, which
showed hi^h class. They are only ten
ths old, yet two of them weigh over
B< \ entv pounds each.
\\ . F. Hobbs also had Superintendent
Griswoid test some Skyball-Mercy May
youngsters. All were promising, but on--,
railed little Merry, was the most fancied
by those who witnessed the trials.
'The officers of the Interstate Coursing
Club have Hxed the date of their plains
| neetlng for November 15. Should no rain
bave fallen the date may be advanced,
but every effort will be made to run off
I the stake at that time.
W. F. Hobbs' Merry May lias whelped
ten puppies to Young America. Of this
! litter only two are dogs.
T. J. Cronin Is starting two of his dogs
at iiiinn Park tins week for th« first time
In Borne months. He had a disagreement
With ex-"Judge" Bull, and declined to
have him pass on the running of his dogs.
The summary punishment meted out by
the directors of I nion Coursing Park to
men charged with tampering with doers
indicates their desire to preserve and pro
mote the sport on a high plane. Their
action should tend to deter other coursing
men from giving unlawful stimulants to
their dogs.
The management of Ingleside Coursing
Park has decided to limit courses to two
minutes. At the expiration of that time
a fresh dog will be released to kill the
hare. Two minutes Is considered ample
time in which to test the merits of any
two dogs. The rule will save valuable
dogs from injury.
The management is preparing to fence
off the slight rise .in the field to the right
Of the grand stand. The fence will ex
tend from the house used by Slip Steward
i Halpin to a point near the escape.
FAMOUS MARE DIES.
Lillie Wright Succumbs t the Bite of
a Tarantula.
WOODLAND, Sept. 2!*.— Lillie Wright,
thp greatest' brood mare in Yolo County
and one of the most famous in the State,
died on the farm of her owner, J. P.
Diggs. at G o'clock this morning.
In August she was bitten by a tarantula.
Veterinary skill has been baffled in all ef
forts to arrest the spread of the poison.
She was 22 years of age and valued at
JS(KX). Her dam was Minnieball and her
Bire California. Diggs, Sutton and Ar
baces are her coirs and all have national
reputations. They are now filling im
portant engagements in the East. Olin
thus, another great colt; Dlomed, a prom
ising 2-year-old, and- Lillie D, a very
handsome yearling filly, are all the prop
erty of Mr. Diggs.
WILL CAPTAIN RIVAL FOOTBALL TEAMS.
; FROM PHOTOGRAPHS BY TABER.
Over on Berkeley campus rfwo football elevens will meet this afternoon in the first game of what gives promise of
being the greatest season of gridiron sport thiß coast. has ever experienced. The University of California men will meet the
Olympic Club team. . The latter Is apparently the most formidable team that ever played here.
NOTED FIELD DOGS OWNED BY SPORTSMEN ON THIS COAST.
The forthcoming opening of the shooting 1 season bring? prominently into the
foreground the highly bred pointers and setters owned here. Through the efforts
of i'!> eders, the best blood lines have been introduced and a high standard has
thus been obtained. J. E. de Ruyter has been in the forefront of the breeders,
importing the best dogs obtainable for his splendid Verona kennels. Phil
A GOLF EXPERT
FROM THE EAST
FOR OAKLAND
San Francisco Club Increases
Its Entrance Fees and Its
Membership.
Thomas H. Arnold, manager of the
Western Golfer of Chicago, has been in
California for tho past six or seven weeks,
during which time he has visited almost
all the golf grounds, t>oth those of clubs
j and of private owners. lie considers some
of the links quite good, despite the lack
of sod and grass putting greens; whjle
those at Del Monte are excellent, and
when completed will be fully turfed. He
i has laid out a nine-hole course for the
Casa Loma at Redlands, about a mile to
! the north of the hotel on Orange street,
! near the range of tho dun Club. The
■ course will be 24L'lj yards in length. He
says that he finds few good golt players
i on the Pacific Coast, though many of the
members of the clubs play at w< U, es
pecially when consideration is had to the
fact that they have learned the game
' without proficient instruction, or, as Is
, more commonly 'the case, picked it up for
themselves. He considers the best mi
i Btructors in California are to be found at
D<M Monte, the Presidio and Los Angel>-H.
When the San Franciseu Golf Club was
i first founded the limit set to the number
of members was 200, 100 of each sex. At a
meeting held at the clubhouse last Sat
urday it was derided to Increase the mem
bership to 250, half to be men and half
women. The entrance fee for men was
formerly $l!. r ., and for women $1». These
[.. have been raised to $50 and $2."j re
spectively. The dues remain the same as
' heretofore. Visitors' cards are not issued
except to persons whose permanent resl-
I denco is at least llfty mil<?s from San
j Francisco.
Owing to the continued illness of Orestes
Pierce the Captains' Cup tournament on
the Oakland links has not made much
! progress. A dozen or more players, hnw
; ever, have qualified to enter the tourna
' mont, play in which will probably begin
; this afternoon. The tournament for the
! Tibbetts Cup, set down on the programme
i for to-day, will probably be deferred. The
: directors of the Oakland Golf Club have
i telegraphed to the Eastern States for a
• first-class golfer and Instructor, whose
; skill and experience are to be attested by
some of the leading authorities on golf.
OTTS LOSES TO DALY.
; California Lad Knocked Out in the
Second Bound.
DENVER, Sept. 29.— Jack Daly of Chi
cago knocked out Billy Otts of California
before the Olympic Athletic Club in the
second round of a fight scheduled for
I twenty rounds. The men mixed it from
' the start. Otts 1 blows lacked steam, while
Daly fought like a demon. Daly knocked
Otts down four times in the second round.
Billy taking the full limit and being very
groggy. Daly went after his man and
put him down and out with a terrific
right uppercut on the jaw. Otts was car
ried to his dressing room unconscious and
remained so for fifteen minutes. ;:,U
WILL HOLD A
LADIES' DAY ON
THE ESTUARY
South End Rowing Club Work
ing Hard to Capture the
Junior Championship.
The Alameda Boating Club will hold a
ladies' day to-morrow at its boathouse on
Oakland Creek. The principal events will j
be a barge relay race of one and a half j
miles, and one-eighth, one-quarter and
one-half mile dashes in the outrigged
skin's, open to all members. In the barge
relay race one picked crew will row I
against the seniors to the turn, and a sec- •
ond crew will pick them up at that point j
and try to beat the "Spiders " to the (in- ,
ish. Among the entries for the OUtrigged
skiff ra,-s will be the following: C. Ayers,
C Hague. Kdv.in Thorning, Harry Nel
son, K. Hunter and Warner Lubbock. An
entertainment will be given at the boul
house In November. The arrangement-*
are tri the hands of the following <om
mlttee- H. W. Maass, F. B. Cone A. G.
Burns, Theo Eisfeldt and B. H. Hawks.
Theseniorbarge crew is practicing for the
championship races at El Campo on Octo
ber ir and there will probably also be a j
junior' barge crew. Entries for the single
events are doubtful, as the Alameda scull
ln fee they are too heavily handicapped
by the dub skiffs, which are ol an old
model and not so light or last as the |
boats of more modern construction. |
The South End junior barge crew is ,
practicing regularly every evening, and is
doing good work. Last Sunday the ju- ,
nlorsta the racing barge had a two-mile
race against the seniors in the Felton and
[ ;u them by half a length The senior
crew is in regular training. It consists of ;
Ed Bcully .1. Lyons. M. J. Breen and J. !
Pallas, the new barge built by Al Hog-,
ers is ready and is to be brought over to
the South End clubhouse to-morrow. The.
crew will have an opportunity to get used
to the boat before the championship ,
"The Dolphins will not have many en- |
tries in the cominK championship races. ■
\ junior barge crew may be made up.
A "\V Pape and George Baker will TOW
in the senior outrigged skiff race, and Dr. ,
F H Axtoii in the junior skiff event.
The Ariel Club, under the administra
tion of President P. J. Enright. is in a
prosperous condition, having no delin-
Suent members on its roll. There is a |
'un'ius, which has been laid^slde- toward
the purchase of a new skiff. Ihe club,
will «ye an entertainment and dance at
Union Square Hall on Wednesday even
ing November 1. The committee of ar
rangements consists of E. McDonough, F,
Johnson, D. J. Sheehan, W. Howe and ,
James Wilson.
SPORT AT SUTRO BATHS.
The entries for the swimming and div
ing competition at Sutro Baths to-morrow
are as follow: . v
Kifty-yard dash, novice-S. Schilling, W.
Fleming". U*wenthal. F. Neal A. Kaufman,
n Took P Ritter, C, Royal, J. Laird and A.
Hay Fifty-yard dash. juvenllea-C. Lun.lm.
F Smith F. Wllbert, T. Hausen. C. Crowley.
k Cordeil. A. Ba B anatiorl. E. Peters. G. Glad
stone and H. Seebach.
Wand's English setter champion Flora W. is pronounced the best of the breed
ever whelped here. She is by Luke-Van's Belle. Herman Oelnchs Doc His the
favorite dog in the field. He is royally bred, being by champion Starlight
champion Silver Plate. Many dogs of this class will be shot over to-morrow in
the field.
STRUGGLE FOR
SECOND PLACE
IN THE COLUMN
San Francisco and Santa Cruz
Will Cross Bats at Recrea
tion Park.
The California League baseball season
has nine more weeks to run. As the
Sacramentos have a lead of about four
games, it is by no means certain that
they will lead the championship. The
managers of the San Francisco and Santa
Cruz teams are still hopeful and they
will watch with great interest the result
of the meeting on the Sacramento grounds
this week between the leaders and the
Dudes Harris has shifted his men
around again, and will put Mull.-r back
Into the game, Courtney g<Mng to first
while Sullivan dons the catcher's mit.
He has also transferred Kiley to his old
position at the mrddle cushion, sending
1'.r0.-khoff to third and Krug back to
short. He is confident his team will make
a better showing. The line-up for this
afternoon follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Santa Cruz.
Sullivan Catcher Morrow
It.piß Pitcher Whelan
Courtney First base Streib
Rlley Second base Williams
Rrm-khofC Third base ...Devpreaux
Krug Shortstop Babbitt
Muller Left field Dalrymple
Pyne Center field Drennan
Hllderbrandt Rifcht field Clark
SPECIALTY SHOW.
The Pacific Bull-terrier Club held its
i monthly meeting on Thursday last, Philip
IJ. Fay presiding. The main subject of
' discussion was the Invitation of the Pa-
I cine Fox-terrier Club to send two dele
i gates to the convention of specialty clubs
to arrange for the holding of a joint spe
: cialty show for mastiffs, St. Bernards,
| bull-terriers and fox-terriers. The meet
ing was well attended and opinions as to
| the advisability of holding such a show
: seemed to be about equally divided. Mr.
i Rountree, the secretary, was among the
leading opponents. A vote was taken, re
sulting by a large majority in the deter
' initiation to send delegates. Messrs. Fay
! and Rountree were elected a committt-e
of two to attend the conference.
The St. Bernard Club of California held
i a meeting on Wednesday to discuss the
invitation of the Pacific Fox-terrier Club.
j The sense of the meeting was largely in
! favor of holding the joint specialty show.
Philip Myers and Joseph E. Cutten were
elected a committee of two to attend the
I convention.
The full list of delegates now consists
lof the following gentlemen: For the St.
| Bernard Club of California— Joseph E.
Cutten and Philip Myers; Pacific Mastiff
Club— J. P. Norman and \V. H. Dick; Pa
cllic Fox-terrier Club— N. H. Hickman and
J. B. Martin; Pacific Bull-terrier Club-
Richard Rountree and Philip J. Fay.
The board of directors of the San Fran
cisco Kennel Club met on Wednesday and
passed resolutions of thanks to Henry H.
Carlton, the retiring secretary, for his
unselfish and active efforts to further tho
interests of the club. No successor to
Mr. Carlton was chosen, as the directors
! resolved that he be requested to tempor
arily withdraw his resignation, as an as
j sistant would be elected to aid him In the
I conduct of the office.
The Americar Kennel Club held its
quarterly meeting on the 21st inst. and
passed the -new rule affecting champion
ships, modifying, however, the proposed
amendment applying to the Pacific Coast,
so that shows with an entry of 400 dogs
or over score five points in the winners'
class. The actions taken by the Pacific
Coast special committee of the American
Kennel Club were also approved at the
same meeting. The election of Dr. E. N.
Lowry to the vacancy on the committee
was confirmed and the membership of the
committee reduced from seven to five.
The committee is composed of John E. de
Ruyter (chairman) Merton C. Allen, H.
H. Carlton, E. N. Lowry and J. P. Nor
man (secretary). The committee will meet
on Monday next to determine the appeal
of H. N. McCarthy and other matters.
H. H. Carlton's red cocker spaniel Oak
side Trilby has whelped two dogs and two
bitches to the Plumeria Kennels' cham
pion Viscount. One of the pups Is black
and the others red.
H. G. Hemelright's bull-terrier Pow
hattan Lady died In whelp on Tuesday
last to R. Rountree's Tobasco.
POLO IN THE PARK.
The dashing horsemen of Bur'ingame
Country Club will play a match game of
polo in Golden. Gate Park next Wednes
day afternoon. This is the most brilliant
of all games of the field, and the Bur
lingame men play it with dash and aban
don. The teams will be: Walter S. Ho
bart. Charles Dunphy. Frank Carolan and
"Tom" Drißcpll against Charles Baldwin
"Galloping Dick" Tobin, Edwin Tobin and
Pletro Martin.
The teams will start from the Palace
Hotel in the four-in-hands of the play
ers. The game will be played In the nat
ural amphitheater, to the west of the mu
sic stand, now used as a public baseball
ground. No admission fee will be ex
acted.
X IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL X
"fill. Harcourt Clarke's Great Yachting +
+ Song. "To the Winner of the Cup." "Z,
Dates of the
COLUMBIA-SHAMROCK
Yacht Races.
The first of the series of interna
tional yacht races between the Sham
rock and the Columbia for the America's
cup will be sailed on Tuesday next.
Each race will start and finish off
Sandy Hook lightship. Three out of five
races must be won before the posses
sion of the cup is determined. The
races will be sailed on the following
dates:
Tuesday October 3
Saturday October 7
Tuesday October 10
Saturday October 14
GLADYS BEATS
DOLE'S YACHT
FOR HAWAII CUP
Corinthians Will Hand the
Challenge Trophy Over
to the Victors.
Though the weather last Saturday after
noon was highly favorable to the San
Francisco challenger for the Perpetual
cup, ex-Commodore W. N. McCarthy, who
sailed the winning yacht, believes that
several minutes could be cut from her
time for the course. The Gadder's sailing
time of 3 hours IS seconds was good, being
28 minutes 22 seconds better than the time
made by the sloop Aeolus at the Corin
thian regatta on May 30 under similar
conditions. The 'breeze last Saturday,
however, was fresher than on May 30 and
there was less of the flood tide. The Cor
inthians are satisfied that the Aeolus can
beat the Gadder, but the season is so near
an end that there will "be no opportunity
of pitting them against one another until
next year. After ]asl Satui day's race
some one said that if McCarthy and Pew
exchanged yachts arid raced again Mc-
Carthy would win; but McCarthy himself
has too high an opinion of Commodore
Pew's seamanship to feel sure of any such,
outcome.
The Perpetual challenge cup will ba
handed over to the San Francisco Yacht
Club at some early and- convenient date.
There is certain to be a race for the cup
next year, as the Corinthians will not.
rest content without putting forth their
best efforts to recover the lost trophy.
To-day and to-morrow are open dates
on the programmes of the San Francisco,
Encinal and California clubs. The Cor
inthians will cruise to .Mr.\'> ars Landing
to-day, returning- to-morrow; -and the
South Uays will take an afternoon sail to
morrow.
At the last meeting of the directors of
the San Francisco Yacht Club J. T. Ganz
was elected a member. It was stated that
the ladies of SausaJito have a social club,
which desires k> be permitted to make
use of the clubrooms on week days, except
Saturdays and public holidays.
The South Bay Yacht Club will be the
last to close the season, their final clam
bake being sot for November 12. Th<3
yachts Muriel, Espee and Wanderer will
take long cruises up tv Vallejo, Suisun.
Napa and other towns. S. E. Smith of
th;' sloop Papoose and some other yachts
men propose to go out duck shooting be—
tore laying their boats by in winter quar
ters, ducks being plentiful in the marshes.
The Coykendalls have purchased a boat
from th. transport Sherman and propose
to turn it into a houseboat. They wilj
then tow it into the marshes of the Sa>i
Joaquin River and use it for duck shoot
ing.
T. W, Hobron's sloop Gladys, which was
built in San Francisco from designs by
V. D. Bacon of Massachusetts and takeii
to the Hawaiian Islands in the early part
of this season, won the Hawaii cup on
September 13. She led her most dangerous
competitor, President Dole's Bonnie Dun
dee, iron: the start, and except on ono
leg of the course, when she was becalmed
increased her lead continually to the finish,
and won by 23 minutes 5 seconds from tho
Bonnie Dundee, which for the past ton
years has beaten all competitors, in Ha
waiian waters.
The Skipper, a weekly log of nautical
matters, published in London, in its issue
of September 13 quotes in full the article,
"Yachting in Hawaii," which appeared in
the August issue, of the Yacht, and uNo
gives a dozen lines of notice to tl>e new
publication. From a comparison "of the
Colum-bia and the Shamrock in the Skip
per it is shown that the over all length
of the Columbia is greater than that of
the Shamrock, but her extreme breadth
is slighUy less. The draught (20 feet 3
inches) of both yachts is the same, but
the wetted surface of the Shamrock (21>ltl
square feet) is greater than that of the
Columbia (2'i7o feet), and the displacement
of the Shamrock (160 tons) is greater than
that of the Columbia < 145 tons). Allusion
is made to the great favor shown to Sir
Thomas Lipton by the American press
but no conjecture is hazarded as to the
results of the races between the chal
lenger and the defender.
FILMER'S PIGEONS WIN.
John Filmer won the cup offered, by the
Mechanics' Institute for a race of hom
ing pigeons from Tres Pinos. They were
liberated at 8:56 a. m. All the birds have
been on exhibition at the Fair during the
past week. The official returns of the
race follow:
John Filmer's A 554 arrived at lt:2B^ a. m ■
distance, S9 miles 73 yards, average speed Der
minute, 1032 12-100 yards.
H. G. Hemelright r R W 1189 arrived at ll:2tsu
alatauoe, vs miles 140 yards; average speed
1030 S3-100 yards per minute.
William Hartery's W 11S2 arrived at 11:33>-4;
distance 91 miles 1494 yards: average speed,
1028 yards per minute.
G. Lubben's A 4H3 arrived at 11:25^; distance
S5 miles 1313 yards; average speed. 1016 24-100
yards ncr minute.
H. Van Cortebeeks A 1399 arrived at 11:34^;
distance SO nnU-s SB7 yards; average speed,
1001 81-100 yards D*T minute.
G. Barnes' A lOM arrived at 11:3."» 4 ; distance,
90 miles 1437 yards; average speed, 1000 D 4-100
yards Der minute.
E. Connolly's C M 118 arrived at ll:41Vi;
distance 84 miles 10S3 yards; soeed, S9S 53-100
yards Der minute.
Dr. Carpenter's A 76 arrived at -11:46%: dis
tance, 83 miles 1510 yards; average- speed,
565 83-100 yards I'cr minute.
G. W. Marsh's \V 363 arrived at 12:04»i; dis
tance 92 miles SSO yards; average speed.
862 35-100.
B. Mcßane's A 1317 arrived at 11:54%; dis
tance S7 miles 320 yards; average speed,
Sfifi 60-100 yards per minute.
H. C. Worth and A Benjamin not reported
For More Sports See Page 8.ANOTHER FLEET
OF TRANSPORTS
READY TO SAIL
Three Vessels to Get
Away To- Day.
0
CRUISER BADGER HOME
; TBBT lirzABLT WENT ashore
IN MONTEB.EY BAY.
.-• : • »
..■■ Training Ship Adams Sails for
'. : : / . Seattle Coptic Leaves for the
. ..•: . ' Orient — Howard -Street Wharf
: ■'.■•■ ' R<pair-d.
-• • I
. . • . There will be another exodus of sol- j
'."• 'di-rs to the Philippines to-day and to- I
• ."incrTtm. The transports Sherman, Glen- j
'■'-}i osj> and Charles Nelson are scheduled to
' • sail this afterncon with over 2000 men. but '
1 the Nelson, and may be the Sheridan,
" '.may not get away before Sunday. All
the bunks are not in place on the Nel- j
•__ ?on. but the men are working cay and
night to get her away on time. The Sher
idan i 3 ready, but the bulk of her freight
has to b<? put aboard, and it is doutrtful
'if she can be leaded In tirae to sail to- ;
night.
• The officers ar.d men of the Thirty-third
Regiment will go out on the Sheridan and
the TfcirtT -second Regiment ■will be di
vided between the Gletxogle and Charles |
. Nelson The headquarters and band will j
go on the Gleccele. The Sheridan did a.
■little damage at the Government wha.rf i
. yesterday. The engines were being I
turned over and all the strain was !
thrown on one hawser as the ship forged :
! a-head. Suddenly the hawser parted and j
a« the Sheridan moved forward the gang- j
plank carried away one of the gates and j
d!d some slight damage to the shed. The
engines were quickiy stopp«»d and in a |
\ . few minnte3 the transport was made fast
again.
The Zr=alar.dia ar.d Valencia will follow j
the Sheridan. Glenogle and Charles Nel- |
son. They will sail next Thursday and j
win carry a regiment between them. The j
City- of Para will get away next week j
also, and then the fleet of fourteen, trans- j
ports that was here during the. early part j
• . or" the month will all be gone save the j
.'•Hancock. Vessels will be arriving con
tinually from Manila, the Orient and Aus
irviiia, however, and by the middle of Oc
• : tpber .th-;re will be another licet almost
■ : . The auxiliary cruiser Badger arrived
•;• JJoa Sar.ta. Cruz yesterday aftemo«n.
.;. 'She..h-ad a narrow escape from eoteg
,' .■. ash.ore early (n the morning. A dense
" ! . f'lg hung cer the ocean and Captain Mil
■:■■■' and h's men were keeping a bright!
• • "io:okout. The members of the Santa Cruz j
:.'•?> aval Militia, who had been on a prac
"■•■ tlve cruise on the Badger, were also on
• '.the lookout. The fog ili'red for a mo- 1
K.~.{'t riiextt and from half a dozen throats the j
'■• .warning cry "Land dead ahvadl" rang .
..'■•o'lit. Tne cruiser was under a slow .b^U j
■ : 'and it did not take long to get her out j
' : ••iof danger. When she gathered siern way I
•.••she was not a hundred yards from the!
..':•■ beach. The Santa Cruz boys were all :
••:':J-landed at y a. m. and an hour later the S
|. ";Ba<:g«?r was on her way to San Fran- 1
.• cisoo. The run of seventy mites through :
'.-.' '-thi fog was made at the rate of ten knots i
..'■•aad at 4:3) p. m. she was anchored off i
'.'}-y. 'Folsotb street wharf. The Badger has;
. ; .■••now had ail the naval reserve on the;
•'. • cfiast out on a practice cruise, so she will
<" ' probably zo to the navy yard for an over- :
:••• •■•ha-ahng.
■■■ .."'Howard-street wharf has been under*
.."',•' .■■repair for two months, and in conse- [
■:.'•■ 'q'uerice Chief Wharfinger Henderson has:
•'-'. 'frequently been put to much inconven- ■
'.'• ience for "want of that space, lac struct- i
• • .': tufe-.will be in first-class shape again by ;
•'•'••: .M--riday, then there will be room for.
:■ -'•"four nore vessels with general cargoes.
'.:■;■" T'ae training ship Adams sitiled lor Pii-.j
'. -.- .get Sound yesterdiy. She has a batch off
•• .. ~n : -"w apprentices aboard, and will give;
| ' tlirMn a 'taste- of sea life before comij? j
■ '.'. back here.
■ ; • ; -."The Leelanaw is back on the drydock. j
'■■•■: aid a big force of men is at work on her.
!-':'-p:ver.a .dozen new plates will have to be.j
..'■'■'put in. and p«?rhaps a dozen more will;
1 . nave to come out and be straightened.
'■.'-. The Pacific Mail Steamship Company j
•'.. has. ' chartered two ll.<)»X)-ton freight :
':• " steamers tn the Orient, and two freight i
.-'■• -clerks for them sailed on the Coptic yes- j
: t -rdav. ■ . * ;v,
'".'•. ..The Coptic took away an unusually l
' ••. hefcTy cargs and over 100 cabin passengers
and f.eariv 590 Cnmese. The crowded state
>.-.''•' Cf the ship is due to the fact that she;
■*v- took much of the freight and many of j
■■■. the -passengers that would have sailed on
-. the Rio de Janeiro had not that vessel :
"•• been taken as a trans The cabin ac- j
" xommodation was so crowded that many J
. . <",f the officers got large premiums for j
the ewe of their rooms during the voyage.
'•' Among those who went out on the Coptic
was Miss Heipn Hyde, an artist, who '
■- jro<»s to Japan for subjects for her brush.
■• The Coptic got away from the wharf
■ t shortly after 1 p. m.. but came to an an- :
'■ chor 'iff Meis.cs wharf on account of the :
fog. and did net got out until 4 p. in.
" Eight Filipinos who have be<en giving
■ exhibitions in the East sailed for hoi on ,
the Coptic. There were originally eleven !
in the party, but a baby Filipino was i
AD VESTISEME2rr S.
SHIPWRECKED i
1 IN HEALTH 1 |
Who tmst to Dr. Pierre's Golden j
Medical Discovery. It enres ninety-
eight per cent, of ail who use it. !
Old lonns of disease, obstinate
congh. -weak '.un«. spitting of
blood, Teakaess and emaciation axe •
perfectly and pemxan-ntly cored by !
this powerful r^nedj.
"My wise had heawnkaf^ of the t i
long?. ' writes W. A. Spaders, Esq., of ; I
Hera. Mavxi Co., W. Va. "She had j
.en hemcrrlia?""'. and the people all ' |
aroend here said «he wocld never be j
well ajraia. But «be began to take
Dr. ?ierce'« Golden Medical Dmptv-t \
aa-i she soon began to gain strenjtSi j
Bad fiesh. After -.* -ing- ten bottle? « he
was entirely welL If any one don bis
. : .'. .this, they • •ay enclose self-addressed I
■•": en v- lope with stacrp, and I will answer." 1
;•. Sick person« are invited to consult
[ - Pierce by letter free of charge.
All correspondence strictly private.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
h Owl fioWsn Meiicai SCOTer J 7?r
?V " l Cut-Bale"^**. *"*
Drug Co, 112 8 Market Street. S. f.
BATTLE OF SAN JUAN RE-ENACTED
ON A HAIGHT-STREET VACANT LOT
THE battle of San Juan Hill was re- :
enacted in a vacant lot on Haight [
street, near Fiilmore, Thursday aft- j
erac-on. and for a few minutes the j
residents In the neighborhood saw as I
■ - ■■- a sham fight as they ever wit- j
n.ess<=d. Th« combatants were schoolboys,
whose ages ranged from 10 to 16 years,
and the armies consisted of about twenty
men on each side. The lot rises several
feet from the level of the street, and on
top the "Spaniards'' had built intrench
ments and fortified themselves therein.
They were armed with parlor rifles and
the "officers staves as swords.
The American forces, under Colonel
Harry WThitehead, a red-haired boy 14
years of age, who- lives oa Steiner street,
formed for the attack, on Haight and
born m Chicago, and two members of the
company remained behind to look after
the mother and child.
The steamer San Pedro returned to
port yesterday after her unsuccessful
search for the" raft. Captain Zaddart is
of the opinion that a great number o" the
piles will be lost during the tow up the
coast, as they are dropping out one at a
time even now-.
. ♦ .
EXONERATED THE DOCTOR
Mrs. Bush Said to Have Assumed Re- i
sponsibility for Her Death.
The death of Mrs. Mamie Rush, which !
occurred at her home, 117 Oak street, was j
reported to the Coroner by McM»nomy & j |
Co.. undertakers, last evening. According i
to Dr. A. J. Minaker, who attended the j
case, the woman die<i of septic meningitis !
following an operation, performed one j
month ago. The physician was willing to [
sign a. certificate that the woman's d-eath j
was resultant from this trouble, and i
claims that he has a sign«>d statement f t
from Mrs. Rush that the operation was j 1
«>r!f-performed. The undertakers refused I
to dispose of the remains until they had ! "
the advice of the Coroner in the matter, [ .
and this morning an autopsy will be per- j :
formed to ascertain whether or not the j J
woman, was responsible for her own death. ' -
COMES HERE TO LOAD WHEAT.
The British ship Fairport arrived from Port Townsend yesterday
and the Leyland Bros, is now cut eleve- days from San Diegt>. Both
vessels brought general cargoes to the coast from Europe, but as there
•sras no chance for an immediate charter at their ports of discharge they
started for San Francisco in ballast. The Fairport has been taken by
Meyer. Wilson & Co.. while the Leyland Bros, is consigned to the J. D.
Spr'eckels & Bros. Co. Both vessels will load wheat for England.
THE SAN TEANCISCO CALL, SATFIiDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1599.
! Steiner about 3 o'clock and searched to
! the vacant lot. where the Spaniards had
' already intrenched themselves. On reach
i ing the lot Colonel Whiteheid waved his
j wooden sword and gallantly led his men
'' up Jfae embankment to assault the fortifi
> eat»T>ns of the enemy. In their mad rtirh
I they knocked down a large portion of the
fence, and some of the soldiers armed
themselves with the broken pieces. The
Spaniards met the attack of the Ameri
cans with unexpected bravery, and for
a few minutes pandemonium reigned. The
yells of the commanding officers could
not be distinguished during the din. and
in a short time several combatants on
either side were laid hors de combat.
Policeman trrin was notified of the
battle and single-handed attacked both
armies. They fled with- the exception of
Colonel Whitehead. who haughtily de
HOBART ESTATE
FINALLY GOES
TO THE HEIRS
Order Has Been Made
by Judge Troutt.
♦
After over seven years in the courts the
inal cistribution of the estate of the late
Walter S. Hobart has been ordered by
Fudge Troutt. Mr. -■' ■ .-'. who died
fune 4. r?0!2. was worth, according to the
nventory and appraisement, the sum of
io, 273.366 30. Hi 3 will, which was drawn.
\Dril 15. 1532. bequeathed hia entire e»
mar.ded of the officer why he dared to in
terfere with them in their patriotic at
tempt. Murrin saw the broken fence, and
disdaining to argue the question with the
young colonel grabbed him by the collar
and took him to the police station, where
a charge of malicious mischief was
booked against him. He remained in the
station for several hours, -ill his parents
called and put up $20 bail for his appear
ance in court. He was in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday morning, but Andrew
Burke, "the proprietor of the vacant lot,
came to his rescue ami asked the Judge
to dismiss the case.
"Why." said Burke, "it was the pret
tiest fight I ever saw, and I felt proud
of the boys." ■ /,./"-■".
The Judge dismissed the case, and told
Cotonet Whitehead to' gather ' his forces
again and right the tattle to a finish. .
tate, share and share alike, to his chil
dren. Waiter 8., Alice M. and Ella V.
Hobart. Charles T. Bridge id James I
Cross were named as executors thereof. }
They presented the will for probate and [
the weary course o-f settling the vast — j
tate was begun. ;
Notwithstanding the wealth of the de
ceased, his estate was never made the j
object of designing litigants, and it sailed !
serenely through the process of adminis- j
tration. From time to lime partial di«- !
tributions of estate properties were made, j
The interest of the estate- in the Utica j
Mining Company, valued at $1,000,000; the i
old Virginia and Gold Hill water works, j
valued at the time of decedents death at
CKO.OOO, together with a majority of the j
estate assets, passed to the heirs. On j
September 20. 19M. all of the estate assets
were transferred by the heirs to the Ho
bart Estate Company, and on the lath of
this month this corporation applied to the
Superior Court for the final distribution 1
of the estate properties remaining in the
hands of the surviving executor. James
Cross. Mr. Bridge having died September
13. ISS3.
Yesterday Judge Troutt heard the appli
cation for final distribution as presented •
by the company through Attorney Ed- I
ward J. McCuicheon. The application was :
granted.
A PROMINENT TELEGRAPHER
C. H. Bristol of Chicago Entertainec
by Mr. and Mrs. W. J.
Martin.
C. H. Bristol, wife and daughter o
Chicago., are visiting in this cliy, 'am
expect ro remain here for several months
Mr. Bristol i? the general superintended
of construction of the Western Unioi
Telegraph Company, in charge of all th«
territory west of Chicago. His visit •-•
one of business as well as pleasure, hL=
duty being to make arrangements foi
putting all the company's wires in this
city underground. In conformity with thi
ordinance recently adopted by the Boarr
o-f Supervisors.
Mr. Bristol and family were th* guest'
yesterday of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Marti r
on a trip to points of Interest about th<
bay and the Golden Gate. Mr. Martin
now business manager of The C?ll wa s
formerly connected with th» Westerr
Union.
Ferdinand Stark's Orchestra.
Firdlnaad Stark; th- Jovial "arid capable or
chestra leader, plays at HLakand •---. --• •.;
Has burst upon, the world./^r^^=~~^^-~^~~--^^_ L'^ •-.-. .. -"^~===zr '" " g
OR, MCLAUGHLIN'S "}?: ' >\^3r^c^ I
NEW BATTERY BELT. X "^^^^^ V^"^^ 1 I
This grand method has exploited curative " X C^: 7" v^<T-^^ as _^^^^^^ g^ > t.'^' > -^ • t
electricity in the most astonishing and sue- N —^ A^^_^-^-^ Q _^ v "/'^^ r -^^^B^ * .
cessful way. Every day shows its power over disease. Grateful \ —^ "^ J
words come by every mail from those whom I have absolutely s s^^ C v '\^S^^ * 7
cured of pain or weakness. Ino longer give drugs, but use that VvX ■ ~~O"~ /-^Oill *
simple, sublime remedy— Electricity. The disks- of my Belt are K (\\ \. I^^J_^^^^S *
cushion covered 'and do not BLISTER the skin like other belts. ' \ -^JBP^3tf^s ® ; -
My new regulator switches the current by degrees and leaves the ~*i^^mKBEtBBBBBBU^& x g
old style a thing of the past. For Pains, Weakness and all Ner- ; % -:j
vous Ailments this is the most complete remedy in the world. '|^
odE^iibi^^i ..i^i- nO U h IJpJ AMPUj 111 70|Ma^et.Cor k Ke r y. r^2=ZrxX*^ : ;l
it in my ixwk. sent free. Ulls If 1 1 Hi if I Lft UllL I1 1 ".Vc^sptaf «**** lm A B g.la* never SOLD M drug stores, g
■■■ -■ ■ - . ■•■■■■■ •-■■-.■ ■ - . •.-..-■-.■■■ -■" * - - . ■■'■-:.
LARABEE SENT
AWAY TO THE
SMALLPOX CAMP
»
It Was Decided He
Was Infected.
NO CHANGE ON THE ISLAND
— — ■
TWE^rTT-NTNTH REGIMENT IN
FROM FORT McPHERSON.
i ' * — r~ — •
Some Plums Drop in the Way of the
, Minnesota Men — Another Rul- .
■ ing en Commissary
Officers.
• ■ ■ ' ; ■ •" — : — ' -.
The Illness of CorporalLarabee of : the
South Dakota regiment has developed into
unmistakable smallpox" and 'he has been
sent out, to the camp near the fort. His
symptoms baflied the surgeons for a time,
for they were not the ordinary signs of
the disease. Yesterday Dr. Kinyoun.
chief of the Federal quarantine service,
was called in to see the man and he gave
it as his opinion that Larabee had small
pox. This was in accord with, the judg
ment o" the surgeons of the hospital, and
so the patient was sent to the isolated
camp.
La,.. - has been kept in a separate
ward of the hospital since he showed sus
picious symptoms, and no one but his at
tendants and the surgeons have been al
lowed to see him. There are still some of
the men who were associated with him
in his company who- are being held under
detention. The order is out that every one
at the post must be vaccinated.
There has been no increase in the num
ber <:: caats in the Thirty-rirst. and it is
probable the regiment will be allow* to
leave quarantine in. time to get away for
Manila before October 15. The men of
the regiment are getting restless under the
long cetention, but there is no help for it.
ana as long as smallpox shows itself so
long will they rave to remain.
Tne last o£ the Twenty-ninth Regiment
got in from Fort McPherson last evening.
The last sections of the command were
not expected in so soon, but they made
remarkably good time and arrived fully
a day before they were supposed to be
due.
Second Lieutenant William B. Aft of
the Thirty-seventh Infantry is starting
his campaign in, a rather sensational man
ner. He was to have joined his com
mand, which is in Manila, on the Grant.
Orders were out for him toN ■ on the
transport last Monday, but when the
Grant left port Aiken was not on board.
He had been celebrating his coming de
parture in a manner not wise and too
extensive, and he was in. no condition to
keep track of transports when the time
for the departure of the Grant arrived.
As a result he was ordered under arrrest,
and yesterday he was before a court-mar
tial, "charged with conduct to the preju
dice of good order and military discipline
in having been absent without le^ve from.
September 13 to September 15. tor being
intoxicated while at the post exchange
and for having: missed his transport.
The Minnesota Regiment is another In
stance of the peculiarities of the military
iaw when applied to volunteers. It will
be mustered out with a' commissary of
the rank of first lieutenant, an Beer de
nied all the other regiments that have
gassed through the mastering officers'
hands. The reason for this is that it had
a commissary Steer when it was i Na
tional Guard regiment and before it was
mustered Into the volunteer service. The
Government would noj muster in the com
missary officer, for it was then declared
that the regulations did not allow such a
position; but now it is declared with equal
gravity and as much effect that there may
be a commissary officer in the regiment
because it had such an officer before it
was mustered In. A. R. de Hath, who
has been acting commissary for the regi
ment, will .be giv-n the commission, but
his rank, will not dat* from the mustering
in of the regment nor will he get pay for
anything before yesterday. The appoint
ment is an admission that the regiment
should have had such an officer from the
start, but the Government will save the
pay. Ray Davis of Company A will be
made commissary sergeant.
G. E. "Talk, adjutant of the regiment.
ha* been raised one bar to a captaincy.
Battalion Sergeant Major John X. Loye
ha* been made a captain in ''- - Forty
fifth Volunteers, and First Lieutenant
Walter A. Johnson a first lieutenant in
the Forty-second Volunteers. •
The Hospital Corps of the Minnesota
Regiment, having been merged into the
Hospital Corps of the regular army. has
been mustered out before the remainder
of the regiment.
The payment of the men who came
home on the City of Para will be finished
to-day.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Ernest K.
Johnstone has b<?en ordered to report to
the chief surgeon of the department for
the annulment of hi.? contract.
Acting Assistant Surgeons John J. Gil
huley. Charles A. Cattermole. Thomas K.
Mullins and Fred W. Paimer have been
ordered to proceed to Manila on the trans
port Nelson. Second Lieutenant James
D. Keen will also leav^ on th*» \'pt« nn
TENTS WERE CROWDED.
Last Nig at Was the Biggest of the
Circus Week.
If the audiences that find their way Into
Walter Main's big tents at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets each night keep on grow
ing there is danger that that circus may
remain through another week, and John
Harrison, the genial press agent, wants
that made plain to every one. Last night
there was not a seat left around the ring
sides and hundreds who went were either
accommodated in extra chairs brought in
for the occasion or compelled to stand
throughout the performance. The show
was better than ever, though, and no one
found fault- It was the same way at the
matinee in the afternoon. Several hun
dred more of the youngsters from the
orphan asylums were the guests of the
management and made about the most
enthusiastic crowd the circus people ever
had to manage. They were the particular
charges of Colonel William Elliott, who
presides at the "High Sign." and who has
been so long with the circus that no one
knows better than he just wha: the little
folks want. He kept them supplied with
all the pink lemonade they could swallow
and turned them loose in every part of
the big- tents.
Pursuing their usual course, the Mains
are adding- to their attractions as rapidly
THE EMPOEITTM.
; Concert Night, AI. Hazzard, 5
; 7530. Ventriloquist, *
% Grand Emporium Orchestra and Soloist, Entertain? in Exhibition Hall to-day, 10 *
' directed by John llarqaardt. • j;tol2 a. m.. 2tosp. m. ■ . *
'■/•■' •' '......... -. - '• *
i ■ ,■ ' . . • .... - • 
"Fast Blue" Serge Suits $10 \
V- $15 Suits at this Price *
§ for This Day Only. |
Saturday, while the number-lasts;^*
we offer 50 "fast blue' Serge : ;.j-
. Suits for men. single-breasted sack coat ■*
style the lot Includes all regular sizes T
and extra "stouts" and extra "longs" —
they are made of the Petuxet Serges, '"i
equal in wearing qualities and holding *
their color to any serge, either imported' *
. :/ , s,y ni or domestic — are absolutely allw.-ol and 5
>'^^\ | "* ' iast ' blue— made by one of* New York's *
! w!Jt>~v^^ I ' best makers — trimmed in a first-class *
, ; "" I manner — they are in every way the equal *
1 . JIV ot * any c ■ lit on t'r niarkpt — to- ; ?
[■■■': <4&*J ■ day. and to-day only, each- . . $10,00 -<t
: Colored f ': inch J Big Book 70 -^ (Saturday): *
; Taffetas, 880. z*l- Specials. iS %
i in aw de ran re of new fall ooiori^s, | bargains of tie yea. •. ♦
» re-'.', green bees, - .-->-. b'njr, tans, j — ff^. -»,  ' _ ' _ -J_ . 4*
.'■lirfit b«. etc.. sp^ndid material for 75c Glolh-Bound Books, *
' shire w:ist ? and und^kirt^, raru'ariy! 3Sc, Or 3 for SI.QO. *
> $1.25 a yard, special to- tais day on ! v. j ! -:.--:■ titles of stand- <f
1 . ~ 88c : «orHi of fictioa mi po?try. com-
' prising th? b<?=t efforts of sad aathors -m
' Un framed NwprocOT3k?Bfixac, : MwwCoren^EdsaN. m. v
; a/'IJy'JZ -7- M=zzoPrint !ElnaLyal!, W. C ark Ri^eil, Hiarlea *
, trttiXlmre , fCw -very it htißjade, Sienkiewiez an iM- Werner, *
1 steel engravings, handsome picture* j welt bonnd in c o:h, gSt tops and printad -*
> when frame!, a izrgz as-ortmen: cfj on good paper *
1 nosalar subiects, size 2x24 --ni hes. on L_ _ _ . *
Lcia! Satnrda rnly, eaca 7c 25c -Bound ßooks for *
> a 2 C>
' W/n-i/tno*'« We:" - a ttg»n»jßberof well-siada
I Wwr^ppGr^ £jfc) cloth-bonni books, comprising 200 choice <«
! To-Day, By *> titles * selected t0 sait all tastes, 7oaa ♦
• 49c. ' ■Tj { an told. <•
' On Saturday onV (p s^^^^ _ : v«"ii ,-
)we offer, 204 assort" RgS^S* Cut Steel These «
,ed Percale Wrap- ■r* T\ Rucklt*^ ?2t* [ a 5 Se * *
, ---- mode no in oar «A A-' \ ********■§*£&, &4SGa -handsome «
. Cerent styles, '^^"T^ iff I^eelEact- *
■ waists lined, many ,j. jwCf lei ,, l^ <iri^^B_^
I &Si r S /M |S de a! !
I r'?u'ariy*l.?s and /f J||H {75c cacn— Va^lS3^^ r^ «.
, $L4S, for 4£c liAMm?}oi a zev «■
! m - Pi i'i'M¥nM sp?cii! sale this day only, each.... 32 O X!
; Dressing M|™w ' *
; Sacques, §n|||M Lzdies' '- mm La- ♦
_ , , c  . . .i 1^ !«* OK MS, *J<*i sheer lawn 2
' T<^»J{Satnway); 1 faacrlii_stit:hed Handkerchiefs, edged *
' T' 0 ":' - a -v-" .... - with n«at ■•-,--■: edge lace. r? - I
. do TO Dressing deques, P! n^ blue red lar t 100 each. special ga le Saturday. 6o |
1 ana srray, with ; lack o- co ored ero-| - r 5
' cheted edse. ribbon at neck, ail 3 r ze3. at j J
; the very special p-c:-3. each 73c GrOCCrieS mm Bl £ ? P ec " °*" *
,i - ; . . ferin^j for ♦
• Good Gloves . Twolmft;o Liquors. Saturday: *
: To-Day, 59c. fT s dZ c i Baco "' EiSteTn -^-c^:.s^v 5
.\y broken, P er * t2}4 ° *
. - ,^^* 1 greit'v Bird Seed— ? or mixed, regu'ar- #
'8 f s<& I ' ca<e2 " rz \ !v6/ ' ib - -6 las. for 25 ° %
s^yrs^/ ■ prC9 for lunch Tongue- . --- ran- Y -
> /I Vf / thi- da* l t s r;y 60c each, for 4OG «f
. 44 Y^- r-•• -> ,°* J -.r v Salt-?:- English, 10- ! b bsp, regu" *•
, \km i : if^£ ---.asp M-caa lady 20^, to-day .....120 2
: M if^' embroid T e - d hiiS Bourbon Whiskey-' 0 d Gro^r," 3
' M\ T £? *f eea r aßil gra7 ' S - Z ' .-pr.ng^lOTDroof. fsll quarKreg- J
! M # V ° 4 6. 7 « CTO -- U to-day, 'Clar:f 3135 each, f0r.......1.5/-00 *
MM. J and 6 only, special to-day, _. , , , . . v«w t»
*•■ "V^ perpiir . ~.£Bc Ztnfanaoi — A cfloica table wine, «
; Ladies' _ a* M^chaj*Gj^res?^ra€ns reg«tariy7s a gailoa, to-day.... SO?
on'y, all si^es .: > to ~^, rega ariySl 00 Ginger Ate— lmported (Garttrell & 4"
per" pair, <n special sale to-: ■- 59c -V -!''-•. special per dozen.. $I*4-5 ♦■
Last Day of Pants Sale. %
The balance "of the thirteen Lundred pairs of IB and $6 Trocsers .---._ .-, 3 *'
re:iria? firm of Wm. C-egar, 14Si.i3om? street, at /=-*> than &^} Q|| *•
the cost of making, of-rei for to-day for the last daw at HfjAaa m «7C# 2
Thh is a no- m <con-io-he-ritn.fd. chj.net fa (» j p-iif of stylish ■zorsisd trcus- IP
trsfcr Uss than Sj.OO, ... ■ yau and corns '---•- <•
___ ~ *^» — -^_, ''S'
Pants, P^€sokten^«Seßaxaaa-. * Su 9 ' |
52.90* r/arrnnAMMnr mannc: cMrwr -irrmr 5j lhm
as good p<K>ple can t>e p»citea up. anu
there were several new and startling
turns la«t night. The already large corps
of jolly clowns has been increased and
there was some new bar and trapeze wori
of a sensational nature. Those who in
tend going to-night and to-morrow will
do weil to get their tickets early - the
day. as e-very Indication is that the tents
trill be crowded before the show is hair
ready to begin, and the same applies to
this afternoon's matinee.
Judse Troutt Ovsmiied
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Superior Judge Troutt had no au
thority to hold Mrs. M. K. Riekett and
R. 8. Clarke of the Stockton and
Tuolumne Railroad Company for con
tempt for refusing to produce the books
of that company in a suit on trial in his
court. The Sheriff wa« ordered to release
them, from custody. The suit out of which
the contempt proceedings grew was that
of Charles Erickson against the roacE.
THE EMPORIUM.
■-■ ■ =
-
■
Barrett's Fare-well Address
Hon. Joan Barrett, ex-Minister to Slam,
■will deliver another address before his
departure to the East- This evening he
will speak in Academy of Sciences Hail
on. "The Far East of To-day." The Geo
graphical Society, under whose auspices
the address is to be given, has invited the
Chamber of Commerce and other com
mercial bodies to be present. In fact, tha
invitation is extended to all interested In.
• Via euKio^-
56
SATURDAY.. t SEPTEMBER 30, 1899.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Pintle Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILT CALIj (Including Sunday Call), one year *O.nn
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), < months 3.00
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call), 8 months .... 1-00
■ DAILY CALL— By Single Month ~ <*•"»«
6UNDAY CALL One Tear » . *"52
- WEEKLY CALL One Year.. ~- 1 -°°
All postmasters are authorised to recelTJ subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded tvhen requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE !7~T7T~. ©06 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
:--. Manager Foretftn Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARL.TON • Herald-Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE t
PERRY LUKENS dR .........20 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
" Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breotano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. __
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgom«ry street, corner Clay.
• open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street. OD«n until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarHln street. open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS,
Orpheum— Vaudevilto.
Tlvoli— "Othello."
Columbia— "Marl? Antoinette.**
Alcazar— Idler."
Grand Opera-house— "The Drum Major's Daughter."
California Theater— "A Yenu!n« Yeutleman," Sunday, Oc- 1
tober 1.
Chut**, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evt. nlng-.
Olympia, oorner Mason and Ellis streets-Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Race*, etc
Circus— Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
■ Recreation Park- Baseball to-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair nnd Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day. ;
Kxcurylon— To Santa Cruz, Sun. lay, October 1.
AUCTION SALES.
Edward S. Spar ft Co.— day, at 12 o'clock. Billiard
and Pool Tables, at SI Butter street.
By Easton. Eldrldge & Co.— Tuesday. October S. at 13 j
o'cU'Ok. lit-itl Estate, at i::- Markt-t strt-et.
— < ~2isZigsl£^
PROFESSOR SCHURMAN'S VIEWS.
r~ NKESIDENT SCHURMAN of the Philippine
LJ Commission has given the country some views
1 of imperialism in that distant archipelago
which are of interest and importance. Last year in
his : Ldress at the opening of the scholastic
Cornell University he strongly opposed
king the Philippines, In this year's address, 011
Thursday, he said that, having taken the Philippines,
• th( J uestion at issue is. "What shall we do with
them?" Proceeding, he antagonized nearly every
md which the imperialists have assumed. He de
clared that our assumption of sovereignty over th«
Philippines is entirely unlike our previous national
expansion. Our development from the Atlantic to
the Pacific was over practically uninhabited terri
tory, while the Philippines are already densely peopled
with Malayans, in a physical environment unsuited to
the white man, and are resentful of the intrusion of
other races. This is a ilat and frank admission of
the whole foundation of anti-imperialism. Imperial
c pansion is a novelty before unknown and foreign to
policy, and with no parallel in our national ex
perience. It reaches out for a country to which white
men cannot adapt themselves. Therefore the only
races that can live there are those who are there now.
■ 'These are resentful of the intrusion of other races,
■ ■ renting at the start all the afflicting elements
race prejudice and pride, tire most difficult of all
gs to overcome. All of these grounds have been
ted by The Call, and we are now
... . supported by the president of McKinley's Philippine
He said further that "to treat the isl
ands as our possession, with which we may do as we
ise, is too barbarous to be taken seriously; it is
not merely callousness of heart, it is only muddle-
The terms "ownership and possession"
he denounced as "a barbarous survival when applied
to any relation between one people and another."
This rebukes the free use by imperialists of the
terms "subject and sub j eel people," applied to the
Filipinos. From the beginning of the unfortunate
affair untrl now those people have been treated as our
subjects, over whom we have the sovereignty, which
in had exercised, because we bought it and paid for
it. ' It is only by considering them as subjects that we
can justify characterizing them as rebels and stigma
tize t!.- ; r opposition t<> the flac^. Professor Schur
says that "our relations with the Philippines will
be 1 tited as long as we retain that fatal con
on of government and property."
This being so, the whole argument of the imperial
ists in justification of their position must be aban
•d. They have not a leg left on which to ? and
it, nor a shred in which it may be clad.
The professor, after cutting every bit of ground
from under them, offered his opinion that we arc to
educate and elevate the Filipinos and aid them in
. verning themselves, in fraternal co-operation with
the natives, "whose dearest ideals are the political
litions of Americans." This displaces one discus
sion for another. The country will wait for the pro
fessor's calm judgment upon the effect of our co
ration and aid. offered to a race "resentful of the
intrusion of other races," and "whose dearest ideal is
.our traditions," formed before we took their sov
ereignty by purchase from a power they hated and
had expelled, and appeared among them to assert our
• Boven tgnty by fire and sword, with a demand for un
conditional surrender. He said: "Although Ameri
can sovereignty must be established by force, shall
we ever dream of the policy of extermination?" We
answer that, taking his own statement of the case,
our demand for unconditional surrender is nothing
' short of a threat of extermination.
Nowhere yet in the history of man have conquer
ors aided the conquered in such co-operation as he
looks for. If he is correct in his estimate of their
"dearest ideals," nothing is left but extermination.
His views have increased the harrowing nature of the
•" situation. They obsolete the hard commercial view
expressed by Denby and Carter and propose to re
tire it as a motive. For it he substitutes the belief
that we can follow slaughter by elevation, which is
obviously incompatible with his conception of the
"dearest ideals" of the people whom he proposes sha'l
be born into liberty by the Caesarian operation.
TRADE AND IRRIGATION.
COMMERCE is the exchange of the products of
industry. If a people have no surplus of these
products they have nothing to exchange and
therefore have no commerce. A few years ago the
cry all over California was that we were planting
orchards and vineyards 6O extensively that we would
ruin ourselves by overproduction. Still the planting
went on. The surplus increased. Wherever a great
surplus of the articles of. commerce is found the com
mercial ingenuity of man is at work to find a mar
ket The annual increase in our fruit output has gone
on, but the overproduction is not apparent The
State Board of Trade made an exhibit of our fruit, in
all forms, at Hamburg. Immediately the orders from
Continental Europe began to flow in to such an ex
tent that European Governments were driven to find
pretexts for artificial interference with the course of
trade. But this temporary hindrance has not chilled
the mercantile ingenuity of our people, and this year
the driers and canners of California fruit have a
larger market, a better demand and are making more
money than ever.
We are looking for trade in Asia and Oceanicn.
! The means of getting it are not occult. They involve
no sorcery. We need not conjure for it with charms
and invocations, nor seek it with sword and rifle
Wo must find out what the people with whom we
? "> k commercial exchange require, and then must
produce it in larger volume and at a lower cost than
. anybody else, and the trade is ours.
General Chipman has reoently quoted Li Hung
1 Chang to the effect that China has passed the point
of self-supply of food for her people. Her popula
tion has headed and passed the capacity of the rice
crop to feed it. It has been proved in India and in
China that rice-eating Asiatics readily substitute whe.it
. for rice. While wheat is one of the early steps away
from grazing the land with sheep and cattle, and i 9
. not the highest use to which land in California can
be put, yet on millions of acres in this State it must
always remain the best use, because their soil and
situation are not such as to make a change of uses
j profitable. In wheat and other products of the soil
j we must for generations seek that surplus which will
\ be the basis of our trade with the Orient.
This makes stability of production the one over
mastering necessity in our commercial situation. We
say deliberately to the bankers and business men of
San Francisco and the other cities of California which
handle the trade of the State that our future lies in the
; soil. We cannot improve our climate, for it is in
-1 comparable.' None other in the world is so affection
\ ate to the soil. None other kisses it into such de
light of fruitfulness. None other is adapted to win
from the land such a bewildering variety of the com
forts, necessaries and luxuries of life. But the ele
ment climate and the tireless sunshine cannot woo
i crops out of land without water. Water is the
gastric juice of the soil. The land of California is
more productive than other land, because it is richer
in plant food, but that food must have water as its
solvent before it can feed the plant. If the aninvil
: stomach have no gastric juice as a solvent it may be
crammed with food while the animal starves for lack
of nutrition. Without water as a solvent the richest
alluvium shows no verdure and nourishes no plant
life. With water the desert, rich in nil the miner. 1 .!
• elements which the plant cells transmute into human
j food, blossoms and bears like the garden "planted
eastward in Eden."
Therefore let us not be diverted from the funda
mental requirement of California commerce. It is
water, water everywhere.
Our topographical situation is such that all the
water needed forever is ours for the taking. Two im
! mutable laws of nature hand it to us. Evaporation
1 and gravity work while men sleep. Man has no
I monopoly on them, and can neither arrest nor ac
i celerate them. But he may harness them to his pur
: pose.
The proposition to invoke the resources of the
te government to impound flood waters and
thereby irrigate every available acre and bring it into
I action is a proposition to increase our trade with
Asia and with all the world. At present in the waste
i of this water is the waste of all this land that it might
! serve, of all that it might produce, of all the profit of
that production and of all the commerce it would
generate, and of all the taxes the State might derive
; from its advance by cultivation. This is a waste of
ey that might build schoolhouses and maintain
■ .schools, and is a waste of the power of population,
'. which would come if invited by the stability of pro
■ duction which the storage of water will at once es
tablish.
We are reasonable when we say that no land on
! earth ever wasted as much as California by her in-
I attention to this subject.
Every interest here is involved, and all should be
roused to co-operation in the effort to secure the
action of which the State alone is capable.
None can dispute the direct connection between
writer storage and foreign trade, and now when our
: commercial sensibilities are so aroused is the time
: to strike.
If, under the law, a man's house is his castle, what
is a woman's? It's not, according to a policeman
1 who pads the Natoma street beat. On that theory, at
any rate, he arrested a Mrs. Lillie Gray last Sunday
Mid charged her with having committed an assault
with a deadly weapon for having fired a shot at a
former lodger who was trying to force the door to her
I room.
A QUESTION OF TERRITORY.
DEFENDERS of the British in their aggressions
upon the Boers have advanced at one time or
another many curious arguments to justify the
.-i.^yrcssors and condemn Kruger and the stalwart
! patriots who are backing him, but about the most
I curious of all is one put forth by the Philadelphia
I Record in the plea that the Boers have no right to
independence because their country is too large for
the population. The Record says: "It is assumed
that the Transvaal is a compact little republic, and that
! the Boers are in danger of being crowded out of their
j patrimony by unwelcome foreigners, when, in fact,
! the area of the country is greater than that of France.
Th re is not the slightest reason to fear that 100,000
Boers and 200.000 or so of Outlanders cannot live in
j the country without jostling one another, even though
j they should multiply tenfold. Now, it is one of the
unwritten laws of nations that no man nor people
can claim a monopoly of the world's unoccupied
lands, nor of their natural wealth; that these un
peopled places and all they contain are the heritage
of all mankind, and it is the natural right of man to
: emigrate to any locality and abstract from the ground
to which he can obtain a just title the bounties locked
up therein."
If that doctrine be set up as a valid principle of in
ternational law it would be difficult to defend in a
court of arbitration our claims to the territory we
possess in the United States proper, and we could not
defend it at all to what we possess in Alaska. In that
Territory we are now holding an area of land many
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1899.
times larger than France with a white population
much smaller than that of the Transvaal. The full
absurdity of the argument, however, is appar
ent only when it Is remembered that it is urged in
justification of the right of the British to conquer
the Transvaal. Now the British in Canada, in Aus
tralia and in South Africa claim dominion over large
and very thinly populated regions. The Boer has as
much right to own a country as big as France as the
British have to own a quarter of the earth.
A local controversy over the propriety of placing
an Internal revenue tax upon patent medicines has
disclosed the fact that the national authorities never
intended to tax medical advice. The Government
probably reached the merciful conclusion that that
sort of advice is high enough already.
MARCONI AND HIS TELEGRAPHY.
f* UGLIELMO MARCONI, the expert in wirc
-1 "~~1 less telegraphy, has been somewhat unfortu
nate inasmuch as his arrival in this country
has occurred at a time when the public has no atten
tion to give to any one but Dewey. The yacht race
for the America cup, which is to be reported for The
Call and the New York Herald by his system of
telegraphy, is for the moment forgotten, and his ar
rival in New York some days ago was almost un
noted by a people watching and waiting for the coin
ing of the hero of Manila.
Marconi, however, will have his day in due time.
The success accomplished by The Call in procuring
by wireless telegraphy an earlier notice than any of
its contemporaries of the arrival off the Golden Gate
of the transport with the California Volunteers was
an illustration of the value of the new telegraphy to
practical journalism. That feat will be memorable
because it was the first use of the system in actual
newsgathering, but it was comparatively simple. The
work to be done in connection with the yacht race
will be more complex and more difficult, and yet
there is no reason to doubt it will be accomplished
successfully in every respect.
The man whose experiments have made wirele.;s
telegraphy possible is one of the few men of genius
to whom it has been given to achieve an epoch
making feat at the very beginning of manhood.
Marconi is but 26 years old, and he has been working
at his system only about five years. He began by
trying to send electric messages without wires from
one pole to another on his father's estate in Italy. He
attained some success, and then went to England. Of
late the improvement of his system has been rapid.
When he first came before the public he did no more
than exhibit some amusing experiments. Now he
has given the world an invention of vast usefulness
in many directions.
During the recent British naval maneuvers mes
sages were sent between ships eighty miles apart
across intervening land, and it was thereby demon
strated that neither tall buildings, steel masts, moun
tains nor the curvature of the earth stops the com
munication. Since such things do not count as ob
stacles, it is difficult to set a limit to the extent to
which the new telegraphy may not be extended. The
British are now about to make an experiment of send
ing messages for 300 miles. If that be accomplished
greater distances will next be undertaken, and per
haps before the century closes the age which prided
itself on the electric wire will find the wire useless
and dispatches across the ocean will be transmitted
through the air.
All of these wonderful probabilities are the results
of some experiments made by an Italian youth mainly
for his amusement while a student at the University
of Bologna. They would of course have been at
tained without him, for hundreds of others were work
ing at the same problems. He alone, however, has
had the genius to perceive the value of the dis
closures made by each new experiment, and thus
move rapidly on from one step to another. Marconi
merits every honor this country can give him. He
has done a great work for the world, and fortunately
is young enough to receive in his own person much
of the benefit that will flow from it.
Latest advices indicate that there is much distur
bance in the interior of Jamaica. Can it be that the
brand of ginger for which that country has been so
justly celebrated is losing its grip?
rROM the tenor of the comment on the Ohio
campaign it is evident the imperialists are en
deavoring to make it appear as an appeal to the
country on the issue of imperialism. They declare
the Republican party stands for the imperial policy,
and that every vote for the Republican candidate will
be a vote for imperialism, while every vote for the
Democratic candidate will be a vote against it.
Such pretensions are without justification, but they
are cunningly made. It has been the aim of the im
perialists all along to identify the Republican party
with their policy, and to effect that they have not
hesitated at any kind of misrepresentation. They
perceive ample reasons for feeling well assured of
Republican success in Ohio against such an opponent
as McLean standing on a platform that reiterates the
demand of the Chicago platform for the remonetiza
tion of silver at 16 to i, and with no little craft they
are devising a means of claiming the victory as their
own.
The falseness of the claim has been exposed by tlie
Investigations into the situation in Ohio by a cor
respondent of the New York Post, who asserts that
McLean will not in any way represent the anti
imperial sentiment of the people of the State. He
says: "Of every ten men who abhor and despise im
perialism not more than five can be induced to vote
for McLean as a method of exhibiting this abhor
rence and disgust. The other five will say that the
remedy is worse than the disease, as they will await
a more favorable opportunity for expressing their
sentiments."
The conditions in Ohio are. in fact, of such a na
ture the vote will hardly signify the sentiment of the
people upon any issue other than the general one of
keeping in power the party of prosperity and
keeping out of power the party of discontent. It
happens the Republican candidate for Governor is a
man of known ability and integrity, who when hardly
more than a boy served as a Union soldier and who
in manhood has filled many offices and positions of
public trust with fidelity and efficiency. His oppo
nent is one of the most corrupt men in American
politics, who has been not only antagonistic to the
better interests of the people generally, but a bitter
and unscrupulous faction fighter in his own party.
In such a condition of affairs it is clear that if Mc-
Lean should be elected it would be a proof that the
tide of sentiment against imperialism is running so
strong that the people, rather than give even a seem
ing indorsement to it, will vote against a good man
who has been charged with imperialism by his oppo
nents, and trust their State for a time to a man who
otherwise would not be able to poll the full vote of
even the Democratic stalwarts.
THE OHIO CAMPAIGN.
QUARANTINE AGAINST CONSUMPTION.
While a Pew Newspapers Are of the Opinion That It Is a Step in
the Right Direction, the Majority Regard the Proposition
as Selfish and Inhuman.
THE proposition of the State Board of Health to bar consumptives from
California has excited considerable interest throughout the country. News
papers in all sections of the country comment upon it freely. Some con
sider it a prudent move on the part of the State's Board of Health, but gen
erally It meets with disapproval. The views of a number of leading jour
nals are presented below;
Chicago Journal.
The proposal of a member of the California Board of Health to sia.m tho
door in the faces of consumptives by means of a State quarantine against af
llicted persons seeking to prolong their lives in the California climate is so self
ish and inhuman that it borders on the barbarous. Were it necessary to the
purpose It might have the plea of self-preservation, but it is not necessary. It
recalls the ignorant and panic-stricken shotgun quarantine of the South during
a yellow fever scare, and has not half their excuse. If Californians are afraid
of catching consumption, let them keep away from consumptive persons. The
State is large enough for consumptives and "healthy people, too.
Philadelphia Public Ledger.
If consumption 1b really a contagious disease, and there are Btrong reasons
for thinking that it is, the action of the California board Is strictly in line with
the precautions taken against the diseases mentioned, and while its threat
seema a cruel one, It might be the best thing that could be done for humanity
at large to put it In execution. That course would open the eyes of the peo
ple as nothing else would to the danger which lies in promiscuous and unre
stricted intercourse with consumptives.
New York Journal.
The California State Board of Health by unanimous vote has decided to "con
sider the propriety of quarantining against human beings and domestic animals
with tuberculosis entering the State.". This is the first step in a direction In
which sanitary science strongly tends to go. Tuberculosis ia now known to be a
strictly contagious disease, and tho most malignant one known, to man, if judged
either by the number of its victims or the percentage of deaths to oases.
Springfield Republican.
The growing sensitivenesss of California to being known as a home of con
sumptives is manifested in a resolution adopted by tnu State Board of Health
suggesting a quarantine against all "human beings and domestic animals with
tuberculosis entering the State." It Is claimed that 20,0w patients go to Califor
nia yearly from other sections and spread contagion broadcast in that State. The
contagiousness of tuberculosis is now so well established that incidents of this
kind, while they seem harsh, are to be expected. Some time there may be special
hospitals for consumptives in every State, and as much pains taken to prevent
the epread of the disease as smallpox or diphtheria.
Boston Herald.
California will be likely to lost much of her popularity as a resort for con
sumptives if the action of the State Board of Health there, calling for the estab
lishment of a quarantine against all persons afflicted with tuberculosis and the
strict isolation of all victims of the disease, is rigidly carried out. Still, it looks
like the part of prudence on the part of California If It values the welfare or Its
own citizens above that of the world at large.
Chicago News.
California should go slow In barring consumptives from "the land of sun
shine." Quite a respectable percentage of its population went to California for the
:t of its air and sunshine and it would come with bad grace from these to deny
others a similar right. Besides, if California puts up the bars against the rest
of the States In this respect it may occur to the latter to treat it to a dose of its
own medicine in financial and commercial ways, to which the inhabitants of the
"Golden State" would vigorously object.
Chicago IXemocrat.
Consumption Is not such a dangerously contagious disease as to demand quar
antine. That precautions should be taken to prevent contagion is certainly just,
but that California has a right to establish a "corner" on light and air in this
case may be seriously questioned. Indeed, doctors disagree on this subject as
well as on the value of the climate cure.
Philadelphia Evening Telegraph.
The action of the California State Board of Health looking towrard the quar
antining of that State against consumptives is likely to cause much comment and
111 ' test. But the public should not be too quickly alarmed. The California State
Board has by no means established such a quarantine; it has only resolved
that the board "consider the propriety" of such action. The movement is clearly
tentative and meant to open up the question and encourage debate. The
chances all are that California will not commit herself to a policy in which she
would be certain to be condemned by the world at large.
Philadelphia Call.
If California leads the way. other States will follow, and if so a serious harm
would be done to many afflicted people, who should have universal sympathy in
their efforts to regain health.
But, on the other hand, if consumption is an Infectious disease, carrying
danger to the community wherever it goes, there is no reason why the precau
tions found necessary to prevent the spread of other infectious diseases should
not be applied to it with equal rigor.
But it is to be hoped that safe and ample quarantine measures may be de
vised without barring from the land of the Golden Gate those who look" to it as
the land of hope.
Boston Journal.
The establishment of this proposed quarantine would be a heavy blow to those
who have found relief every winter in the sunny districts south of San Francisco;
yet California assuredly could not be condemned for adopting measures to insure
the sciiunl ht-alth of her own citizens. However, the question still remains, if other
semi-tropical States should take similar steps what would become of many vic
tims of this worst of diseases?
Washington Post.
California has acquired a notoriety that is not distinctly creditable or ad
vantageous for freak legislation. It is now seriously proposed, and not by
cranks and irresponsible*;, but by so important a body as the State Board of
Health, to bar consumptives out of the State. We have seen casual allusions
in newspapers indicating that the people of California and Colorado were dia
pleased with the practice of Eastern invalids going to thuse States, but this ac
tion of the California Board of Health is a long step in advance of occasional
newspaper complaint. It comes very near being an official notice to consump
tives, or those who appear to- be tending toward consumption, that the time
may soon arrive when they will not be permitted to enter that State. Hereto
fore these unfortunates have been invited by circulars and newspaper adver
tisements, issued by owners of health resorts, to c-ome and breathe the healing
air of California. Is that healing to be denied them?
St. Joseph (Mo.) Herald.
The people of California are fearful that they will contract the deadly dis
ease of consumption from the large number of cases constantly in their midst.
How such a law could.be executed is one of the hardest problems to be con
sidered—harder, in fact, than the solution of the question, whether it would do
any good. AVith all its difficulties, it is not at all likely that such a law will
be enacted or enforced.
Philadelphia Inquirer.
Few people could have supposed that the suggestion lately made by a Call
fornian doctor that the State establish a quarantine against consumptives would
be carried into effect and for that reason the representations now being made
by members of the profession with regard to the impracticability of accom
plishing what was proposed will attract only an academic interest. It is, how
ever, gratifying to find that the profession generally is inclined to feel Indignant
at the Idea of attempting or even thinking about a procedure at once so self
ish and so inhuman. That is a sentiment with which the great majority of
people will heartily sympathise. Must of us have not yet schooled ourselves
to regard disease from the purely scientific point of view, as something to be
stamped out without any consideration for the feelings or the welfare of those
who suffer from it.
Salt Lake Deseret News.
It is easily understood that California does not enjoy the reputation as a
health rosort, which brings thousands of consumptives to her cities and towns
and villages to inhale the balmy atmosphere, particularly In \ - iew of the danger
of infection they carry with them. But if one class of sufferers is to be ex
cfuded from any particular spot in this free country, why not all? How many
diseases are there that are not "catching?"
The modern tendency is to establish special institutes where people suffer
ing from pulmonary troubles may be treated, but no civilized State has as yet
established quarantine against the unfortunates of that class. It is not proba
ble it can be maintained in California.
SHOULD BE MADE
TO PAY THE WAR TAX
Opinipn of the Interior Press on the Way
Wells, Fargo & Co. Is Evading
the Law.
Windsor Herald.
Several Judges have decided lately that Wells, Fargo & Co. are liable fr>r the
revenue war tax stamp required on their orders, receipts and packages received
by them for transmission, and yet they refuse to pay it and still persist in
niaking the people pay the tax for them by refusing to accept packages for
transmission or to do any business with the people at all until after the people
have paid for the war tax stamp which the law requires the express company
should pay for. This is as unpatriotic as it is dishonest and unjust on the part
of Wells, Fargo & Co., and they should either be made respect the law and pay
their just share of the war tax or surrender their franchise to do business in
a country whose laws they do not respect and under the protection of a Gov
ernment to which they are neither loyal, honest nor profitable.
liivennore Herald.
It would appear that Wells, Fargo & Co. will at last be compelled to pay their
proportion of the war tax. In the Superior Court at San Francisco last week
Judge Troutt gave judgment against the company in a suit brought in the name
of the people of the State to determine whether or not the company should pay
for the revenue stamps required by law to be affixed to its bills of landing or
other receipts for goods to be transported over its lines. While the decision must
now stand th--> test of the Supreme Court, there seems to be no doubt but that it
will be sustained. The telegraph companies should then receive the sairie atten
tion, and a great victory for the people will have been achieved.
Chino Valley Champion;
Wells, Fargo & Co. are getting a thoroughly good and well deserved roasting
from all over California on account of their refusal to pay the war revenue on
the business they do and their shifting this burden, which rightfully belongs to
them, upon the people who do business with them. On top of this Superior Judge
Troutt of San Francisco has rendered a decision holding that the company must
pay its tax. For these joint and several reasons J. J. Valentine, president of
the sneaking corporation, has been flooding the country with anti-expansion and
anti-war circulars. Valentine and hia precious company deserve their roasting.
They should have some more of it. And then they should be severely let alone
In a business way. They have been fostered and pampered until they have
grown rich and fat and arrogant and dictatorial. (
• • *
Placer Herald.
Superior Judge Troutt of San Francisco has decided that "Wells, Fargo & Co.
must pay the revenue stamp that must be affixed to a package. It is pleasant
to learn that the company has to pay it, but it is not an occasion for hilarity, as
the public will pay it finally by reason of increased rate.
• • »
Berkeley World Gazette.
The words of Congressman Marion de Aries on the question of whether the
telegraph and express companies should pay their war taxes strike the key
note of the situation. He f:ivs: "In my opinion it was the intention of Congress
that express and telegraph companies should pay the war tax attempted to be
levied upon them in the revenue act." This is true. Congress aimed the tax
at these corporations and did not Intend that the people should pay them No
more unpatriotic attitude has ever been shown against the United States than
has been shown by these rich companies. No better law could be passed by
Congress than one compelling these corporations to pay this tax and urohihirint
the shifting of it to the patrons; or else cancel their corporate privilege. «m
close their doors to business. s v
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Lieutenant Thomas C. Hart, United
States nary, Is at the Occidental.
R. C. Miner, a prominent attorney of
Stockton, is a gurst at the Lick.
H. Guernsey, a prominent cattleman of
Nevada, is registered at the Lick.
W. P. Harkey, Sheriff of Tuba County.
is among the arrivals at the I:
W. N. Wallace, the rich Fresnu mining
magnate, Is registered at the Gn
Dr. Wallace, one of the leading physi
cians of Yreka, is a guest at the Lick.
Edgar T. Wallace, a wealthy mine
owner of Yrcka, is a guest at the P ■
J. B. Staley, a returned Klom
whose home is in Sydney, Ohio, is a guest
at the Lick.
C. D. McPhee, the millionaire lumber
man of Denver, is one of the recent ar
rivals at the Palace.
D. C. Mitchell, a mining man of Idaho,
and A. Mierson. a merchant of 1
ville, are at the Grand. •
F. M. Whitney, one of the leading busi
ness men of Santa Barbara, is at the
Occidental on a short visit.
W. T. Ellis, the Marysville capitalist,
is at the Palace, accompanied by his fam
ily. He will remain fur some time.
H. C. Short, a wealthy stockman of To
peka, Kans.. is at the Palace. He came
to witness the return of the Kansas vol
unteers.
R. H. Steven, one of the leading mer
cantile men «f Syracuse, N. V., is at the 1
Occidental. He is combining business and
pleasure.
Mrs. E. P. Buckingham, who owns one
of the largest fruit orchards in the State,
has arrived at the Paiace from her hoint;
in Vacaville.
Cyrus Mulkey, manager of the Spreckels
stables at Napa, who has been spending
the last two years among the mining'
camps of Alaska, has returned from
Cape Nome. He has been staying at the
Grand, but left last night for his home.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FIVE DOLLAR PIECES— Mrs. J. R.,
Calaveras, Cal. There is no premium of
fered for $5 pieces of 1836 and l y -'\ No
premium ia offered for coins of that de
nomination coined later than l v :M.
PRESIDIO POSTOFFICE-A. O. R.,
Alameda, Cal. The postofflce at the Pre
sidio of San Francisco has since last July
been a third class office. The salary of
the postmistress there Is $1600 a year.
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING — D.,
Newcastle, Cal. By communicating with
the recorder at the University of Cali
fornia at Berkeley you will be able to
obtain information as to the study of
electrical engineering at that institution
of learning.
SAND SOAP— M. G., City. Sand soap is
prepared by adding to the melted soap
about one-half its weight of fine silicious
sand. Some persons use trie shell]
sand, sifted from the shells and well
washed. Fur the liner qualities fintly
powdered pumicestone is used.
A PRUSSIAN COIN— H. M., City. The
coin of which you send a drawing in your
letter of inquiry is a four "silber grosch
en " coined during the reign of Frederick
Wilhelm of Prussia (Boru.ssia), 1787 ;
A groschen is 2 cents. As an "ai
coin" it is worth just whatever an indi
vidual who would like to be possessed ■ f
it would be willing to give for it. Such
can be purchased from dealers at from
40 to 75 cents.
FRANCO-PRUSSIAN AVAR— M. E. 8.,
City. The Franco-Prussian "War origi;;
--j ated in the French Emperor's jealousy <.f
\ the greatly Increased power of Prussi t
I through the succ< ssful issue of th
1 with Denmark in 1864 and Austria :
j The German confederation wi
i annulled ajid the North German "'
eracy established under the suprenx
' the King of Prussia; to which
i further annexed Hanover, H<
j Nasen. Frankfort and other provinces.
DISEASED CATTLE— I,. H. M., Valley
Ford. Cal. The Board of Health of San
Francisco has the right to quarantine caJ
tle if there is suspicion that they are
affected with uisease, and if it appears
that the cattle are afflicted it may or
der the same disposed of in the man
ner that is best for safety. If it
should turn out that the cattle were
not affected by disease, and they bad
been disposed of by the Board of Health,
the party who is the sufferer could com
mence an action against the board for
damages. But in order to do that, much
would depend upon the circumstances, as
to whether that was cause for action.
Cream mixed candies, 25c Ib. Townsend's*
«^— -
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's*
; »+-. . • •
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia Glace Fruits. 50c lb, in fire-etched
boxes. 627 Market St., Palace Hotel. • ;
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Sues for Maintenance.
Sarnh Hartman filed suit yesterday
against her susband, Adolph E. Hartman,
for maintenance. Plaintiff alleges that
Hartman deserted her in May, 1898, and
has since failed to contribute toward her
support.
Northern Pacific Railway.
T'pholstered tourist sleeper through to St.
Paul every Tuesday night. No change. This
car is nicely upholstered in leather and Is ex
tremely comfortable in every respect. Pullman
Bleeping cars of the latest pattern on every
train. Tickets sold at lowest rates to points
East. T. K. Stateler. Gen. A^t., 63S Market st..
San Francisco.
Cheap Rates.
September 29 to October 5 inclusive, the San
ta Fe Route will sell tickets to Chicago at very
low rates. Occasion. corner-stone laying
Government building- and fall festivities. Get
full particulars at fi2S Market street.
Fnded hair recovers its youthful color and
softness by the use of Parker's Hair Balsam.
Htndercorns. tlit- best cure for corns. 15 cts.
Travelers should know that Dr. Steg-ert's An
gostura Bitters neutralizes impurities in water
and corrects stomach troubles.
Yesterday's Bankrupts.
"William A. Bnlling.T, house and c.Trd
painter of Sacramento, $591 37; no assets.
George R. Hart, railroad engineer, Oak
land, $311 10; no assets.
WHAT
DO YOU KNOW ABOUT
OIL?
There are two kinds of investors In
speculative enterprises. One who In-
vestigates, asks where are your lands?
How much money have you on hand?
How much work has actually been
done? By what title do you hold your
land?, chow your deeds, leases and con-
tracts?
THE OTHER
Just buys, accepting whatever 1b said
to him by the seller as truth.
Which Makes the Best investments ?
"We ask y-m to investigate us, our
books are open to Inspection, our de*ds
and contracts can be seen.
Send for our Illustrated souvenir giv-
ing a history of the oil industry.
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
ROOMS 322-323 PAKP.OTT BtTILDINO,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND OFFICE.... 4GO TENTH ST.NOMINATIONS MADE IN
REPUBLICAN CAUCUS
Close Fight for County Clerk==Deane
Runs Over Duboce.
Effort to Stampede the Delegates by Patriotic
Demonstrations in Behalf of the Colonel
of the First California.
Assessor Albert Heyer
Tax Collector .' . . J. Harry Scott
. Recorder William Z. Tiffany
■District Attorney . . Alfred P. Black
' Public Administrator . John Faraham
•County Clerk .... William A. Deane
' Sheriff John Lackmann
i Coroner Dr. A. D. McLean
• " :. -v
"T — v EI.KGATES to the Republican Mu
nicipal Convention who were
. ■ D chosen under the banner of Mu
nicipal Convention who were
sen under the banner of the
J Central Republican league cau
cused again last night at B'ne
B'rtth Hall. Little time was
• wasted in preliminary skirmishes. The
proceedings were mated from start to
• finish and decidedly spicy when the con
test- came on between Colonel Victor D.
Duboce and YV. A. Deane for County
.'Clerk. An effort to stampede the dele
gates to Colonel Duboce seemed for a few
• minutes to be on the point of success,
but Deane's friends rallied their reserves
and opened a counter attack on Duboce,
asserting with emphasis that he was so
unpopular in the First California Regl
' merit that ne could not get as many votes
in that organization as Deane could mus
;. ter. Sharp reply was made to the fire on
.•Duboce. Delegates assorted that Colonel
' Smith was the unpopular officer or that
organization, and that Duboce possessed
the confidence of the volunteers. Refer
ence was made to the glorious welcome
■ given to the brave soldiers on their return
from the war. and delegates were asked
• to declare whether they were sincere in
the' display of according honors to gallant
soldiers. They were requested to show
how much meaning there was in the pro
. f. ssion of admiration for the heroes. They
were asked to prove their sincerity by
supporting < 'olon< 1 Duboce.
Delegate Wallace Bradford, who shouted
1 for Colonel Duboce's nomination by ac
clamation, aroused much enthUFianm.
• 51e. also excited opposition and wrath by
■ touching Deane legations on a raw spot.
He- taunted the delegates who were sup
porting Deane with an insinuation that
.they- were cringing under the crack of a
• lash and- did not have the manliness to
"voice their own sentiments. He insinu
ated, that the County Clerk's .office was a
■hive of drones. Bradford's attack was re
sented by Delegate Jones of the Thirty
seventh District, who remarked that it
would not be •■ -■• to nominate a man who
was most disliked when best known.
Deane won out by a small margin, but
thf* defeat of the colonel left a tinge of
bitterness. There were cries of "No!" on
the proposition to make '■•■■ choice
•unanimous. After the caucus adjourned
delegates lingered and several of them ex
pressed regret over the result of the
County Clerk's fight. When the ballot was
. In progress there was much cheering in
the hall as votes for either candidate v.-ere
announced. When the result was pro
claimed there was a great shout at the
entrance to the hali, where many of
County Cleric Deane's friends had con
• gregated.
. Much delight was manifested by the
' success of John Lackmann for Sheriff and
• .William Z. Tiffany for Recorder. They
were warmly congratulated.
- Nominations for four Police Judges
went over until next Monday evening.
but the various candidates will go before
a committee to-day for a test of their
qualifications. The caucus appointed the
• following committee of twelve to listen :
to the applicants for the honor of pre
siding over the Police Courts;
Thirtieth District, B. G. Bomers; Thir
ty-first. J. P. Saunders; Thirty-fourth.
George' C. Sargent; Thirty-fifth, George
•W. -Schell; Thirty-sixth. James B. Bar
ber; Thirty-seventh. F. P. Haynes; Thir
, ty-eighth. Max Goldberg; Thirty-ninth.
■ Jialj.h Jones; Fortieth, E. Tauszky:
Forty-first, i". A. l >enl< ke: Forty-second,
Truman; Forty-third. Dawson Mayer.
. The- foregoing committee will meet this
n'ftornoon at Judge Schell's office in the
•I'arrott building.
;■ The commit appointed to receive
ltames of acceptable men for the Board
of Supervisors will meet at 3:30 o'clock
ihls afternoon at the Grand Hotel. The
printed list placed before the delegates
■ last night shows' the following names,
Other names will be added:
• ' Twenty-eighth, Frank J. Symmes and D.
,C. M. Goodsell; Thirtieth. M. S. J»ff>rs
S.nd James Bomers; Thirty-first, J. P. Le
Count: Thirty-third. William Watson;
Thirty-fourth. 'Martin Jones and George
A Rutz: Thirty-fifth. George T. Shaw;
Thirty-sixth. C. M Depew, Charles M.
Kapp and Henry C. George: Thirty-sev
rmh. James E. Field, Edwin W. Tucker,
Adam Beck, Andrew Chrlstensen. H. 11.
Hecht and Thomas Henderson; Thlrty
■ eighth. Charles Boston. Willis Brown and
'Andrew McElroy; Thirty-ninth, Charles
J. King. D. L. Farnsworth and Louis
Floss Jr.; Fortieth. E. A. Selfridge, George
E. • Dow', John H. Gray. Joseph flyman
and James M. Wilkins: Forty-first. George
.R. Sanderson, John Mlddleton, Warren
. D. Clark. Nathan Blbo and Leon Sloss;
Forty-second, C S. Wright: Forty-third,
M. R. Roberta Jr. and Charles Fisher.
The name of Charles H. Bliss, a popular
and progressive merchant, was added to
the list of candidates for Supervisor.
Immediately upon the caucus reconven
ing last night the secretary was in
structed to call the roll. Few absentees
•were noted,, probably due 10 the fact tnat
".a number at nominations were to be dls
•posed among the various candidates.
Charles L. Fi-»ld and Andrew McElroy
had their names removed from the list of
possible candidates for Supervisors. Mr.
Russ of the Thirty-first district having
resigned from Ihi Committee on Super
visors, Mr. Mo: chouse of the same dis
trict was appointed in his stead.
These minor matters being settled,
. idge Schell moved that a committee of
ff-ven be appointed by the chair to con
With infinite care
Wielands
Extra Pale
is brewed into a liquid
food.
Made of the best
•f materials; filtered
and aged before bot-
tling; then sterilized—
"Pasteurized" — it
becomes an article fit
for daily use in the
household. <*■..*■., *■»«*
Your jjrocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy ht.
! sider the qualifications of the candidates
for Police Judgts and that it report at
the next meeting of the caucus. Max
Goldberg thought the motion was In
definite. He Inquired whether the com
mittee -was to report tho number to be
nominated or as to their qualifications.
Judgi Schell thought the question was
answered in th. original motion, but for
i th,> benefit of Us Interrogator he stated
that the committee was tor iln> purpose
; of reporting back on the qualilicatlons of
j the candid
l elegate Goldberg replied that while he
was satisfied with a committee on Su
pervisors, he was not satisfied with a
committee on Police Judges. He said
that every one within t ho sound of his
■ voice was capable of choosing the men
to represent the party at the coming
election. He thought the names should
be placed before the caucus and let it
■■■ presentatlves.
egate Sargent offered as an amnd
ment thut the names of the candidates be
stated in open convention and the com
mittee could then decide on their fitness.
In answering Delegate Goldberg he said
■ who were not attorneys do not
know the qualities of these men. It
would be like calling upon a layman to
report on a steam engine. Judge Schell
pted the amendment and made it a
part of his original moti. n. but before
uld be put to the d< legates, stated
that be <'A<l not mak< the motion with
a view to reducing the number of can
didates who would undoubtedly be pre
sented to the caucus, but it was to de
cide on their fitness, il-- said he knew
of three candidates who are disqualified
■ under the chartt r by reason of non-resl
dem •■ and not being admitted to practice
In the Supreme Court. He thought it
was proper for the committee to Investi
gate the candidates to Bee it' they were
legally qualified. A delegate from the
Thirty-sixth District interrupted the
speaker to suggest that the members of
1 the committee be appointed from ■ ach
district, as was done in the matter' of
the Supervisors. Judge Schell acquiesced
In this and the motion was put by the
rman and carried.
Chairman Kellogg then announced the
next order of business to be the nomina
tion of an Assessor. Delegate King
marched up ;o the platform and depos
ited his JlO and then delivered a eulogy
on his candidate. He said the office
;'n Important one and that on the nom
ination made by the caucus would rest
the success .-f the Hike!, at the coming
election. He therefore placed Albert
! Heyer in nomination tor the office. Ho
told of his many victories In the past;
dwelt on his honesty and faithfulness to
the pledges ne took while in office. tie |
said good men j±re needed and good men
have been chosen to represent the party
| on th 3 ticket, but he thought the dele
| gates should look "Heyer. This pun
en ated laughter.
]<r- was followed by L. L. Solomons,
' who promised not to make a pun on his
' candidate's name, but at the close <jf his
eulogistic speech on him said h>- would
have to ask the members of the callous to
look very low for a good man— down In
the "Myf-r." Without waiting for tho risi
bles to subside he mentioned M. D. layer
as a fittinK selection for the office, a
vote being taken. Heyer received ISO and
Myer ID. Mr. Solomons irinvH that the
nation of Mr. Heyer be made unani
mous, which wus prompth agreed to by
the caucus.
Nominations for Tax Collector were
next In order, and P. B. Haynes of the
Thirty-seventh District said it wus his
happy privilege to place in nomination J.
H. Scott, a gentleman who was in every
way qualified to hold that important of
fice. He said Mr. Scott had never filled
B political office; !ie was not of that class !
of citizens who is always chasing the elu- j
Blve official dollar. He sal<l his candidate !
was in this city thirty-seven years atfo
and had grown up with the municipality,
Mid is to-day one of the leading business
men of the city and president of tho
I Scott-Curtas Piano Company. The speak
er :'ssurf'(i his auditors that Mr. Scott
hart the ability and the means to fill that
office with honor, and If h<» wa* given the
nomination he would roll up r tremendous
majority. The nomination was seconded
by iJeleßnte King In a few fitting sen
tences.
Again Delegate Solomons stepped for
v.anl, and with a smile beaming on his I
countenance said: "(Jentlemen, i am al- i
most out of money by this time, but I rise..
' I'l'.i nlx-llke, from the ruins of my recent
defeat with a nomination, this time, how
ever, with a winner." He said he had a
I man In the Fortieth District just fitted
: for the office of Tax Collector, and his
i name was J. Harry Baehr. He said no
adverse criticism could be made against
1 him, as he had lived in the community
j with honor to himself; that he was a <Jip
i uty in the County Recorder's office, that
' he was possessed of energy, atid, what
was oven more in his favor, was extreme
ily populaj. Chairman Kellogg announced
' ;&* vfie to be as follows: Scott 129,
THE SAINT FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1899.
Baehr 57. Mr. Haynes. who nominated
Scott, in his joy at winning, moved to
make it unanimous, but wiser heads pre
vailed on him to withdraw his motion. Tho
opposition then gracefully conceded Its
o.t, a t D y making Mr. Scott's election
unanimous.
Nominations for Recorder followed, and
I. eon K. Prescott of the Fortieth Distrii I
opened the ball. He said he was sure his
district would be successful this time, as
he was going to name a gentleman who
for over thirty years had enjoyed the,
respect of the community in which he has
resided. By nominating him the caucus
would add force and effect to the ticket,
as his candidate would surely poll a high
vote. Ho said the name of W. /.. Tiffany
would raise the vote above any other can
didate on the ticket. He said Mr. Tiffany
was related to Mr. Merrill of the tlrm of
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson; was a mem
ber of many fraternal organisations and
enjoyed a wide acquaintance.
Andrew Oleson of the Thirty-sixth
District followed by nominating Frank
French, who. he said, was the choice of
his delegation. He spoke of his great
services to the Republican party and of
his high standing in the community.
Delegate Wai Del of the same district re
inforced Mr. Oleson' a encomiums by stat
ing that the Mission district, which had
over IS.OO'i voters, had not one candidate
on the ticket so far, and in behalf of that
section he asked that Mr. French's claims
to the nomination be taken into consid
eration. He said there was not a man
within the hearing of his voice who had
done more for the party than Mr. French.
He said a man like the latter could carry
more votes than any one already men
tioned: that he had been In this city over
thirty-two years, and in that time had
won a name for honesty and integrity.
Delegate Goldberg followed and said be
arose for the purpose of seconding the
nomination of Mr. Tiffany. In part he
said: "1 do not know whether I could
mything to what has already been
said by the gentleman who placed him
In nomination, except that Mr. Tiffany
wns born in this city and county forty
three years ago. He is a member of the
board of directors in the Pioneers; a son
of Old 'Bob' Tiffany, and if there nre
any pioneers in this hall they know old
Hob' Tiffany. He has never solicited an
TIME BRINGS ITS CHANGES.
The King Is Dead.
office since he has been in this city, al
though he has been solicited. You can
not put a man on your ticket who will
add more strength than Mr. Tiffany. H"
!s a taxpayer, stock owner In the Clay
Street Hank; he is a citizen of Han Fran
cisco and an honor to it. If you select
him for this important office, and it is
an important office, the linger of scorn
shall never point to the honor of Mr.
Tiffany. He is as honest and upright as
the very sun that shines from the skies.
We are here to nominate good men and
men who will win."
Mr. Bradbury arose to second the nomi
nation of Mr. Tiffany, and said that in
conversation that afternoon with Mr.
Dohrmann, the latter had told him that
if good men were nominated <>n the
ticket the Republican party would be smo
cei sful at the polls, lie therefore in the
interest of good government earnestly ad
vi cated Mr. Tiffany.
J. B. Barber arose, and in a loud voice
stated that Mr. French was not born In
this City but In the glorious State of
Maine, and that he was not running for
office under bis "granfather's hftt";
that that day was past. He also spoke In
favor of Mr. French for the office. J. B.
Bird closed the spccchmaklng by speaking
in favor of Mr. Tiffany.
In announcing the vote Chairman Kel
logg said it was the closest of the caucus;
that Tiffany received 100 and French S6.
Mr. Humphreys moved to make the elec
tion o) Mr. Tiffany unanimous, and the
motion was carried.
No name being received for the office
of City and County Attorney, a recess of
ten minutes was taken, and on the recon
vening of the caucus that office was
passed for the time being. The next office
to receive the attention of the delegates
was that of District Attorney. H. C.
Schaertzer of the Forty-second District
took the floor and placed Alfred P. Black
In nomination. He spoke highly of Mr.
Black's fitness folr the office, stating that
he was not connected with the Incumbent
In the position of Assistant District Attor
ney, that Mr. Black had not decided to
allow Ills name to go before th% caucus
until yesterday morning; thut although
he did not seek the office, if he
were honored with the nomination he
would indorse the platform. The speaker
concluded by saying the nomination
should be given to Mr. Bla^k by accla
mation. No other nomination being re
ceived, the reouest of Delegate Schaertzer
was followed out.
Nominations for the office of Public Ad
ministrator were next in order. W. H. R.
McMartin paid his $10 and named the in
cumbent, John A. Drinkhouse, for the of
lice. He spoke of his splendid record In
that position, and thought he should again
be honored. Delegate Harron cnught tho
chairman's eye, and after handing ten in
gold to the secretary with a flourish, ere
ated some laughter by nominating a doc
tor for the office of Coroner. The noise
having subsided. J. K. C. ITobbs took the
i floor and placed John Farnham in nom
ination. He dwelt on the record of Cap
tain Farnham as. a business man. He said
he always paid 100 cents on the dollar, and
had been a resident of this city for over
thirty-six years. He was -followed by At
torney Edmund Tausky who said he
arose for the purpose of placing W. S.
i L.yle. in nomination. He extolled his can
i didate and gave way to Judge Sehell. who
seconded the nomination of Mr. Farn
ham. Delegate Smith followed by placing
Supervisor Perrault in nomination. He
told of the grent services rendered by Dr.
Perrault to the city, and trusted they
would be appreciated by the caucus by
choosing him to represent the. party on
the ticket at the coming election.
Delegate King inquired of Mr. Smith
i whether Dr. Perrault had been here five
j years, and the latter replied that that
! question had been anticipated and he had
taken pains to learn that the doctor was
'-. a native son and had practiced his pro
fession here for many years, and had
i gone to a northern city to continue it
j and had returned and resided here four
years and eight months, and was fully
' qualified to accept the office if he were
j elected to it.
Delegate Clark moved that the lowest
I candidate after the third ballot be
! dropped, and this course was decided on.
but was made unnecessary, as Captain
Farnham was elected on the first ballot.
having received 96, Lyle sr>. Prlnkhouse
'26 and Perrault 5. At the request of Mr.
Tausky,. Captain Farnham's selection wns
made unanimous.
Chairman Fields of the Committee on
Supervisors took the opportunity to re
port progress. He asked that more names
be added to the list. lie said the com
mittee had a delicate task and if It was
to give the citizens a chance to vet" tor
a strong ticket, the names of first class
men from all walks of life must re hnnde.l
in. He honed that the names of men
would be offered who would accept the
nomination if they were chosen.
Then followed the fight of the evening.
Chairman Kellogg announced that the
next order of business was the nomination
of a County Clerk. Delegate Harron then
stepped forward and in a ncut speech
named William A. Deune for the nomina
tion. He told of his good work during his
term i:i that office and declare! 1 that h<
would again puil us high a vote as he did
ut the last election If he were pluoed on
the ticket. Delegate Goldberg seconded
the nomination. Then came the surprise
of the night. Oliver Oleson. in ringing
tones, placed in nomination Victor D. Dv-
DOOe, late colonel of the California regi
ment. Hie name was greeted with load
applause by the admirers of the colonel.
After each eulogistic period "Wallace
Bradford would lead the cnet:iing. but the
friends of Dc-ane were not discouraged.
A. C. Rulofson of the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict seconded the nomination of ( olooel
Duboce, an>! stittrd that it was his in
tention tO have placed his friend In nomi
nation for the office of Public Adminis
trator, but the frliiids of Captain Karn
ham were so Strong that he withdrew his
name. He admitted that he placed the
colonel in nomination for the office of
County Clerk without his knowledge, but
he called on the delegates to choose him
for the gallant services he had rendered
his country In the Philippines. He pro
phesied that if placed on the ticket Mr.
Duboce would be elected. Percy Long
seconded Deane by saying that one good
term deserved another, and he thought
the good work done by Deane while in
office phonic! be recognized with a place
on the ticket. Delegate McMartin, see
ing a chance, to do Deane a .good turn,
arose and said that Colonel Duboce was
unpopular in the California Regiment and
he did not believe he would make a show
ing. Delegate Jones voiced an emphatic
approval of McMartln'e opinion, and fur
ther added that if Colonel Duboce could
not carry his own regiment he could not
be expected to carry the city. Another
delegate arose and replied that Colonel
Smitn was the man wno was unpopular
with the soldiers of his command.
He said that when Colonel Smith re
ceived his promotion he sent a lot of beer
to the men and all but one company re
turned it to him unopened. He said he
had not heard any word of complaint
against Colonel Duboce. Edmund Tausky
seconded the nomination of Deane, as did
also Judge Scholl.
Wallace Bradford then made a sensa
tional speech in which he said that a lash
was hanging over the heads of the dele
gates and he appealed to them to disre
gard it and vote for Colonel Duboce.
Further debate was cut off and a vote
taken. Of the 178 votes cast, Williair '
Deane received 93 and Colonel Duboce 85.
When Deane was announced the winner a
great shout was heard in the ante-room,
where his friends awaited tiie result of '
the vote. A great deal of warm foeling
was engendered by the outcome of the
contest.
Percy Long was the first to catch the
speaker's eye when nominations for Sher
iff were In order. He placed Ed L Head
In nomination. He told of his good work
as School Director and of his high stand-
Ing in the city. J. G. Boyne followed by
nominating "Honest" John Lackmann,
and the shout that greeted his glowing
peroration only foretold his being chosen
for a place on the ticket. Delegate Maer
said It gave him a grent deal of pleasure
to second Mr. Lackmann's nomination.
J. K. C. Hobbs voiced his approval of Mr.
Lackmann's candidacy. On a vote being
taken Mr. Lackmann received 141 votes
and Head 38. Mr. Long made Mr. Lack
mann's selection unanimous.
Nominations for the office of Coroner
were next In order. Delegate Harron
nominate, l Dr. T. H. Bohm, W. H. Hazell
nominated Dr. T. 11. Morris, F. G. Rob
recht placed Dr. A. D. McLean in nomi
nation and J. P. Saunders offered Dr.
Thomas Maher in nomination. The first
bullot resulted as follows: One hundred
and eighty-three votes cast; necessary
for choice" 92; Dr. Maher 82. Dr. McLean
81, Dr. Morris 12 and Dr. Bohm 7.
A recess was then taken and the dele
gates held a warm personal discussion on
i the fitness of the various candidates for
I the office. On the caucus reconvening
| Delegate Hazell withdrew Dr. Morris and
I Delegate Harron withdrew Dr. Bohm.
The next ballot resulted In the election
of Dr. McLean.
The caucus then adjourned until Mon
day night.
MILLER'S GOLD BRICK.
Assemblyman H. W. Miller of this city,
whose claims for a place on the water
front were presented to Paris Kllburn by
I>. M. Burns, voted for the Mexican in
the Legislature. Assemblyman Merrill,
who made a record of obtaining railroad
passes through the favor of the Mexican.
Long live the King! ! !
has been confused with Miller. Merrill's
BUpport was expected by the Mexican.
Miller of San Francisco was In the Hums
corral throughout the season, and was,
no doubt, promised a position under the
Harbor Commission. Last winter The
Call contended that the promises of
patronage made by Burns could not be
carried out. When Miller carefully ex
amines the package which he recently re
ceived from Burns he will 11 nd that it
contains a gold brick.
CANDIDATES INDORSED.
A large and enthusiastic mass meeting
of the Republican voters of the east end
of the Twelfth Ward was held at Frank
lin Hall. The action of the Richmond Re
publican Club was indorsed regarding the
asking for six Supervisors for the Twelfth
Ward from the convention. The club in
dorsed James M. Wttkins, George R. Han
derson, Captain E. J. Healey and Andrew
McKlrov tor Supervisors and Horace
Davis for Mayor. Speeches were made by
George R. Fletcher. D. I-. Fitzgerald,
Charles R. Hansen. I>. M. Short, P. II
McGiifhin, P. W. Lannon. John J. Cas-
Bldy, John T. Williams and James
O'Brien.
SOLDIERS IN TROUBLE.
William J. Hill, alias Young, the sol
dier from Texas who attempted to brain
Mrs. Ann Lane. 506 Davis street, with
a chair, was yesterday sentenced by
Judge Mogan to pay a fine of $100. with
the alternative of 100 days in the County
Jail. Captain Shields of Company C,
Thirty-thin! Infantry, to which company
Hill belongs, notified the Judge yesterday
morning that he could not do anything
for him.
W. E. Kllgore, a member of Company
G of the same regiment, also from Texas,
struck William Lee, a comrade, with a
rock on Gram avenue early yesterday
morning, and appeared before Judge Mo
gnn yesterday on a charge of battery. Tha
case was continued, as Lee's injuries were
not known. L€e was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, and later to the Pre
sidio hospital.
W. C. Tacum of Company C. Thirty
third Infantry, who was arrested Thurs
day night by Policeman Joy while chas
ing two women on Larkin street, will
have a charge of grand larceny booked
against him. The purse containing $30
found on him v. hen searched was identi
fied yesterday morning by Kittie Hamil
ton, 917 Market street, as her property.
■>he said that Tacum must have stolen it
rom her bureau. Two new diamond rings
were also found on Tacum, and Joy is try-
Ins to lind an owner.
SUPREME COURT HEARS
THE MARTIN APPEAL
Contest of Would-Be Hold-Over
Officials,
Appellants Strive to Convince the High
Tribunal That They Were Elected for
the Regular Term.
THE Supreme Court listened to the I
arguments in another branch of the J
charter case yesterday, and heard
reasons pro and con in regard to \
the validity of an election this j
fall for county officers. The ap
| peal waa taken on mandamus proceedings
to enjoin the Board of Election Commis
! 6loners from the expenditure of money
i for calling the election of county officials.
j J. C. Campbell, George D. Collins and Ed
; gar Peixotto represented the appellants,
I Henry S. Martin et al.; Garret McEner
ney, Franklin K. Lane and H. N. Clement
; the respondents, the Board of Election
' Commissioners.
J. C. Campbell opened the argument,
1 and stated the case of tho county officers
\ who desire to hold the full tenure of their
: former statutory terms, notwithstanding
the election of officers under the charter.
: He claimed that the charter in respect to
county officers was subject to and con
i trolled by general laws, and that the
: county government act is a law of th.it
I description, and therefore, by virtue ot
I the express language in section ti of ar
ticle 11 of the constitution, the provisions
of the charter for the election of county
offlcers this year are in violation of the
county government act. Various other
HANGED HERSELF TO A
BEDPOST IN HER HOME
MRS. MAY REBENECK'S WAY 01
QUITTING LIFE.
Quarreled With Her Husband, and
When the Latter Came Home
He Found Her Dead.
Because of a quarrel which she had with
her husband, Mrs. May Rebeneck hanged
herself to a bedpost In her rooms at 40?
Stevenson street last evening. Her body
was discovered about midnight by her
husband when he returned from his work,
but life had been extinct for some hours.
Mrs. Rebeneck was the wife of Fred
Rebeneck, a waiter employed in the
Zlnkand. She had been addicted to the
use of alcoholic stimulants and frequently
became intoxicated. She spent consider
able money while on her sprees and was
often rebuked by her husband for her ex
cesses. Last night about (j o'clock the
couple bad a quarrel. Angry words were
spoken and the husband threatened to re
fuse his wife money in future if she con
tinued to drink. Shortly afterward he de
| CURING THOUSANDS, j
<J> ■',:.;
J DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT, I
* /^~\ Famous the world over, has cured
*" ■ VvJaJ over 6000 weak men in 1898, and as *
<*> Vi( __^*^/sj|L it has cured others <§>
I /^iVt^>4\ IT WILL CURE m ♦•
. / Xv^K J\ / ' ' This wonderful Belt has cured *
/rtr \^\si&!iU\ • more people in the last year than <§>
* /V ; vA^tty£|t£., all other Electric Belts put to- <$>
«' PS-^ "-^SlPi^" eether. <b
<$> v —^ 7';],V/!V7IA Be sure and get the Dr. Sanden <«>
<$► ■ ■ )\ Belt, and BEWARE of BOGUS <$
q " _ \ ■ firms claiming to represent me. I «
• A =^Y^~\ have no agents, nor do I sell my *
f ' K\ Belts in drug stores. My Belt has
Q I /\\ 1 been known to the public for over ♦
<$> \\ll V,A thirty years, and the name Sanden <§>
<$> i)^4 //\r . assures it genuine. Do not be mis- <^
♦ I I*l / I led by others that their Belt is "just
- l\'/-W/ as good." Take no substitutes. ,
* v „ \\| )'/ Send for my latest book, "Three ;-^'
.♦ t / I;/ Classes of Men." This book is sent **
* JfS\ -Ay securely sealed, FREE, to any ad- ♦
"^ — ) — =—* dress. Be sure and make no mis- <$>
<$> take, and addres.: .
I "H"D T 1 A Q A "WnTPIVT 18 Third st " San Francisco « Cal - 1
I U II. 1. A. OiilN Unri , Ofßce Hours 9to 6. Sunday 11 to 1. %
® <5> •$> ♦ <i> §> ® <8> <S> <®> ♦ Q> > '♦ •$■ <& * ® * * ♦
....... .... - . ■ , ..
reasons were cited to show why the smb
sequent changes ir. the constitution, which
are supposed to be amendatory of the
above section, are riot such, as they do
not expressly stati that f;iv-t.
<'ampbell also declared that the city and
county of San Francisco were consoli
dated, ai.d nol merged, into one form of
government; that it was a dual form, in
which one performed the functions for the
State and the oth»;r for the city.
"We were not merged," he said, "nor
have wr beep at any time since the adop
tion of the charter. \Ve >an only be
m>-rged by the direct action of the Legis
lature."
The hour allowed the respondents was
divided between 11. N. Clement and Gar
i-.i Me Eneraey. Clement began the refu
tation o£ arguments advanced by the ap
pellants, and iead many excerpts from
cases gathered from many States.
McEnerney closed with a logical analy
! sis of the case and the presentation of
i law relating to his side of the cause. He
declared that section 6 of article 11 was
not in conflict with section 8%. and that
the latter must hold, as it was subse
j quently passed and gave the right to elect
these officers under the charter; also, that
I there was a merging of both city and
' county in the consolidation act. and the
i building up of a new entity by the consol-
i dation of both.
QUARANTINE OF
CONSUMPTIVES
Subject Discussed By
Health Boards.
Si>ecial DisDatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 29.— A subject of
great import to the people of Southern
California, the exclusion of consumptives
and the quarantining of tuberculosis pa
tients already here, was discussed at a
joint meeting of the State and city Boards
of Health this afternoon. At this meeting
there were present Dr. D. D. Crowley of
Oakland, Dr. Louis Bazet of San Fran
cisco. Dr. C. W. Ruggles of Stockton, Dr.
W. P. Matthews of Sacramento and Dr.
R W. Hill of this city.
Neither the State board nor the city
board committed itself to enforced pro
tection of the public from the arch de-
Btroyer of mankind, and it Is not expected
that formal action will be taken. The
State board has adopted a resolution
agreeing to a thorough investigation of
the subject.
A majority of the members of the board
are strongly in favor of the adoption of
methods looking to the abatement of the
disease. Dr. J. H. Davisson, a member
of the city board, advocated the protec
tion of the California public from the rav
ages of imported tuberculosis while pres
ident of the board. The population of
beautiful, healthful California, where the
climate, especially in the Southern part,
would render native tuberculosis a rare
and uncommon affliction of mankind,
should not longer, the doctors say, be ex
posed to the contagion of a disease
brought by the unfortunates of other
States.
It was decided to adopt measures to ef
fectively quarantine against smallpox.
The board has recommended the placing
of inspectors at Needles and Yuma. The
jurisdiction of these inspectors shall not
be In narrow limits, but the entire border
of Arizona and Mexico will be patrolled,
so that a repetition of the recent invasion
of the disease may be prevented.
parted for his work and thoug+it little of
the consequences of the quarrel.
About midnight last night he returned
to his home. The door was closed and
there was a light in the room. Thinking
that his wife had become intoxicated
again, he pushed the door open and tho
horrifying spectacle of Mrs. Rebeneck
hanging by the neck to the bedpost met
his eyes. Around her neck was a sheet,
one end of which had been fastened to
the upper part of the post. The woman
had thrown herself down by the side of
the bed and slowly strangled to death.
The police were notified and the body was
taken in charge by the Coroner's deputies.
Mrs. Rebeneck was 27 years of age and
a native of California.
Coast Musicians' Union.
The Pacific Musicians' Union was organ
ized last night at Native E\pns' Hall as an
assembly of the Knights of Labor by
Organizer Cal Ewing. The Union has a
membership of 250. is in a flourishing con
dition and has its office and headquarters
at the N. S. G. W. building, 414 Mason
street. The following officers were elected
: to serve for the ensuing term:
Master workman. R. D. Barton; worthy
; foreman, I. C. Levey; worthy Inspector
i L. R. Heitler: almoner. R. A. Silvas; re
cording secretary, George Ehrman Jr.;
financial secretary, W. C. Swabel; treas
urer. H. J. Seegelken: statistician, F. R.
! Garett; unknown knight. George Hilder
, braut; inside esquire. Victor Anderson;
outside esquire, A. B. Gauco.
The union will be known hereafter as
I the "Pacific Coast Musicians' Union (In
! cornoratcd) and Assembly Golden West
' of National League of Musicians of the
; Knights of Labor." The union being a
j bona fide labor union will ask for its share
of patronage from the people of San
Francisco and also the State of California.
78
ORAIBEE IS
A SURPRISE
AT OAKLAND
Takes the Last Event at Long
Udds — i hree Favorites
Beaten.
\ iide from the downfall of three favor
ites, iii«> clever win or' the hist race by the
rank 15 to 1 outsider Oraibee was the only
unusual happening :u Oakland yesterday.
The distance was a mile, .m<l lvny Hil
dretb's horse was overlooked, ihe crowd
hanking un the chacces of Jennie Heid. A
itaOle commission went m on tlie mare
and she undoubtedly turned rogue. In
,iii!e or unwilling to run wiien toe barrier
went up. t lie heavily played one was left
behind at the start. Petal, New .Moon and
Snips wen the leaders until well toward
I i« wire, where l*ostel, on Oraibee, cut
winning, ridden out, a neck from
Bapido, on wnich kCUis roae .-i nice nice.
Show honors went to Siiii>s. with Jennie
Keid, t lie favorite, in last place.
Willie Sink's gelutng Kio Chlco met a
most mediocre lot In the opening s.e\en
og run, and 1 to 5 looked a nealthy
price. Away well, the I nesterfleld horse
..I. v\ lnning »iuite handily
from Stromo. Tha hitter took some time
■ In motion, but Rnallj disposed of
S imia without difficulty.
ti( tunakei John Humphrey's recent
ase, Mi.ii > ;. . left the maiden clan In
print over t he Futuritj course th:»t
followed. Backed to J t<> 7 favoritism, a
us delay at th>- post was Inclined to
muke her friends nervous, but once :*w;iv
phi < m o\i! the running and won hands
down from Miss Madeline. Champion
Kose v.as third.
in th. third pveni at six furlongs Grady
was mn.ie tin- medium of quite an exten
sive plunge. Reaching - ; _- to 1. his price
fell to 7 to .', but an Indifferent start can
iii.-: chances. P. A. Flnnegan, the
d choice, romped past Spry Lark the
last furlong, beating out the fast-coming
1 without effort. Grady made up
considerable ground, finishing fourth.
The mile special went to Ping:, a 4 to 1
chance, with Stuart In the saddle. Alicia
closed ;i Blight choice over Twinkle Twink,
Devin was unable to land her in bet
ter than third position, l'ins was never
headed, leading Meadow Lark out four
lei gths In i :VJ' 4 .
Track Notes.
Tommy Magee. the hustling, bustling
advance agent of the Corrigan stable, was
.a spectator at the track yesterday. Ed
Corrigan will not be here for a couple
of days, having stopped over at Kansas
. City.
•- R.. Hughes. the owner of Jennie Reid,
bajeked his mart- quite extensively. The
daughter of El Rio Key is pounds below
her Sacrament*^ form.
■Ruiz is finally getting saddlewlse again.
He piloted two winners yesterday, and
it is to be hoped this Improvement will
continue.
Vmihy was purchased from Raneho del
Paso by John Humphrey for $15"Hi during
the State Fair meet. She was very frac
tious at the post. ■ ; .
When Charley Thorpe finished a very
iiad as! on Red Cherry, a starter in the
maiden filly event, the crowd thought it
':« huge joke. an<l the veteran came in for
quite a "stringing." He enjoyed it.
The "programme this afternoon is a
■ fetching one, several Dew horses making
■their first appearance. The most notable
■one Is Dr. N'embuia, the crack miler,
meeting Pat Morrissey and. Afamada in
the closing number. If he still retains
his Chicago form a pretty contest should
result; The handicap should also result
in a close finish.
. The entries are as follow*:
Fist race— Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
fuji; ling.
'6 Wllmeter 110 .. Marplot 110
M Seven Up l"7 &5 Varubii 101
85' Jack McCabe.r.'.lOl x* Magnus 107
JO Watossa- 101
Second race— Futurity courne, two-year-olds;
purse. ;-"
•52 summer .-. 106 (51) Enjoyment 102
92 Ne.l Dennis ll" (87) Bogus Bill 108
.. Cowboy 1021 75 Abi>:<-oio SS
87.The Echo .103
Third race -Seven furlongs, selling:, four-year
olds .mil up. '
f&l Monrovia 104' 12 Polish 107
enrlca 101 74 Charles !.*■ 8e1. .104
• C- Donator 104 76 Melkarth 104
SI Chihuahua 104J IS Ringmaster 1"4
.. Bernardino H>4 S5 Lomo 104
Fourth ra. — One mile and a sixteenth", three
y.?nr-olds and' up; handicap,
(«S)The Fretter 99 ; (73)rruniweU 120
.>£ liobenzoUern 101 SS Mamie 0 8»
.. Silver T0ne....... 9S.US4) Recreation 109
Fifth race— Six furlongs, 'All ages; purse.
f77)Anchored 19 .. Dr. Xembula 109
. i9o)Afamada 105 S8 February lUS
S>)Pat IConfaae] ....
Selections for To-Day
P First race— Marplot, Jack McCabe, Magnus.
Second race — Ned Dennis, Bogus Bill,' The
Echo.
Third race— Bernardlllo, Monrovia., Ringmas
ter. .
-s .■ Fourth race Hohenzollern. Recreation, Th«
■ * Fritter. ; ;\
.Fifth Afama/la, Pat MorrlSßejr, Dr.
Nembula,
SENSATIONAL RACING.
Favorites in Two Events Fall and
Break a Leg.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— 1n spite of the
counter-attraction of the naval parade,
one of th* largest crowds of the meeting
attended the Gra.vesend track to-day.
They got more than the usual amount of
sensational features, as Abuse and St.
i'lair. two fair cla&S horses, favorites In
the first and fifth races respectively, tell
and broke a leg and had to be "hot Both
belonged to red Foster and were ridden
by Jockey Jenkins, who escaped unhurt.
The best ra.ee ot the day was the fourth,
In whlcb Piipit and Sadduccee were cjual
favorites at J2 to R. The winner turned up
in Kiiniarno'-k, who won cleverly by a
length and a half from Pupil, with TeUow
Tall, the yacejnaktT, third. Summaries:
- Selling, live furlongs— Meehanus won, Ben
Iladad second. Dollle AViethoff third. Time,
1:01 1-3.
.Six furlongs, selling— Pride won. Peace
•econd, Judge Wardell third. Time. 1:10 4-5.
One and a sixteenth miles— .Standing won,
Muskadlne second. Peep o' Day third. Time,
1:45 1-5.
• About six furlong?— Kllmai'iiock won. Pupil
second, Tellcrw Tall third. Time. 1:11.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
CONTRACTED AILMENTS— Dr. Meyers & Co. can cure you perma-
nently, n<> matter whether your trouble haa been recently contracted or
whether it has become chronic and dangerous by neglect or bad treat- j
rr,*nt. Th many years' successful experience of every member of the j
wtuff of Dr. Meyers <Sr Co. is of untold value to men who need the ser- :
vices Of B doctor that makes quick and lasting cures. No money Is re- 1
quired unlii you are sound and well, and you can get an opinion in re- !
gard 7<> your trouble free of charge, whether you take treatment or not. ,
Contagious blood poison driven from the system.
DISUSES and WEAKNESS of MEN
NERVOUS DEBILITY— Dr. Meyers & Co. have reached that degree of j
perfection IB restoring partial or complete loss of vital power In men
which has never been obtained by any other phyHieians. Their system
«f treatment and their Incomparable remedies, methods and appliances
give to men that true, robust and perfect manhood so anxiously sought
for and which cannot be found except at the hands of these able spe-
cialists. If you cannot visit the city write for private book, question list
! and advice— all free. Letters confidential. Hours Bto 5 daily; evenings
• 7to 8; Sundays 9to 11. Take elevator.
731 MARKET ST., S. F. I
{Records Tffade in the Sporting Tl/orld.
Ore and a sixteenth miles, selling— Belle of
; Troy won. Sir Hubert second, Federal third.
■ Time. 1:43 2-5
Selling:, five furloncrs— Boundlee won. Shore
i ham second, Prestidigitator third. Time.
I 1:01 1-5. '_ .t'v
LOUISVILLE. Sept. 29.— Notwithstndlng the
sky was cloudless, the wind seemed to be a
blast from the North Pole and the attendance
'at the Fair Grounds was not large. The rac-
I ing was rather tame, being of the professional
j kind. Three strong favorites and one outsider.
Endow, were the winners. The veteran driver,
Ed Qeers, drove Th** Abbott a slow exhibition
mile, trotting the last quarter in 29 flat. This
breaks the world's record for a quarter by a
trotting horse, the best time previously being
MX, held by -Mix and Nancy Hanks. Results:
Preparation stakes, for two-year-old trotters;
value JIOO0 — Kndow won second and third heats.
Time, 2:19%, >:17%. Fresno won firnt heat in
2:2o'i and was second, Joseph X third. Frank
Kenny. Major Delmar, Ivn. Dee, Mary Rachael
and The Medium also started.
The 2:11 pace; purse $1000— Free Bond won In
straight heats. Time, 2:10»i. 2:11. Tuty Wllkes
second. Waggon third. Blaze Boy, Jennie
Mack, Hartford Jr., Byzantine, Maude Em
peror. Cariey and Pat Hugo also started.
The Paul Jones purse. 2:07 pace: value $1000
— Arlington won in straight heats. Time. 2:C6'-i, i
2:OS' 2 . Eyelet second, l>ariel third. Hydro- i
graph also started.
The 2:20 trot: puree JBoO— Lucille won In
straight heats. Time, 2:17. 2:17?;. May C sec- :
ond. Orphan Girl third. Sadie M, Lexie May i
and Yyzoff also started.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29.— Weather cloudy at Har-
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, September 29. 1899 —Sixth day
of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track good.
lem; track heavy. Results:
Five furlongs— Emma M won, Castlne sec
ond, Fannie Inland third. Time. 1:064.
One mile and 100 yards— The Dragoon won.
I Depending second, Fred Barr third. Time,
i 1:59%;
Six furlongs, — Mocorito won. Heroics
tecond, Locust Blosson third. Time. l:18',j.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— King's High
way won, Sim \V second, V^anace third. Time,
1:25%.
Two and a half miles, selling— Jack Bladley
won, Gooßellver second, Yuba Dam third. Time,
4:42'«.
Six furlong?, selling— McAlbert won, Brown
Vail second. Manul*- Davis third. Time, l:l&Vi
' ■ m ■ --
«SJ&BggjJ^r
—"The American Porter —has been demanded
for years, but never before successfully at
tained. It is a perfected brew of the An
heueer-Buech Brewing Ass'n.
• ♦ ■
Militia Reorganized.
PLACERVTLLE. Sept. 2f».--Thp milita'-v
j company organized in this city in Decem
ber la^t will be mustered in as new < 'wn
pany D, National Guard of the State, on
October 15. notification to that effect hav
ing been received from Lieutenant Colonel
and Assistant Adjutant General R. L.
j Peeler to-day. The new company will b©
known as Company D, Second Infantry,
and will form a part of the Third Brigade.
Hon. Charles a. Bwlsler of this city has
1 been appointed mustering in officer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 30, 1899.
POLISHING
UNDERBODY
OF YACHTS
Crews of Both Craft Busily
Getting Them Into
Racing Trim.
Special Dlßratch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 29.— This has been a
particularly busy dny for the crews of
i both the American cup defender, the Co
| lumbla, and the challenger, the Shamrock.
From early morning a larere portion of
the men on the Columbia were busy scrap
-1 iri£ and polishing her metal underbody.
i The electric burnishers were discarded
j after several trials, for the men found
that they could do the work faster and
; better by hand.
The Shamrock's underbody is practically
1 finished BO far as polishing is concerned.
The fact that the challenger's hull is mote
advanced than on the Columbia is due
to the division of the crew Into two
watches, one working all night and the
other working all day. When the Sham
rock was first exposed to view every one
was of the opinion that her lead keel
was not covered with me-tal. similar to
the Columbia's, but when the undeibody
was polished off it was seen that the lead
was protected by sheet copper, over which
a coating of red anti-corrosive paint had
been put. To-day the copper was polished
up well and the very bottom sheets were
given a coat of dark red paint. The work
of polishing up the Columbia's hull will
take at ]»-a.st another day. as at 5 o'clock
this afternoon, when the men quit work
there was still considerable surface about
the bilges that hm] not bo^n touched. The
Columbia, therefore, will not be tloated
out of the (look until Monday morning.
The new bobstay for the Columbia Ar
rived from the Herreshoffs' works last
night and to-day Rigger Blllman and his
men went to work putting it in place.
The new piece of wire rope is about one
and one-quarter Inches In diameter, slight
ly larger than the one which broke last
wotk and as It had been given a two
humlred-ton test Ijeff.re it was sent here
from Bristol it should carry, the boat
through the races. When the bobstay had
been secured at each end the slax?k was
taken up by turning the bowsprit out
board. There is still a chance to work
the bowsprit out six or seven inches, and
when the wire stay stretches more tiie
slack will be taken up.
The port side of the Columbia was given
a coat of fresh white paint and the star
board side will be repainted to-morrow.
The top sides of the Shamrock were
painted a delicate shade of green also
to-day so that both craft will go into the
races as they were originally painted not
withstanding the theory that there was
a loss of speed by so doing. Among the
most Interested of the spectators thai saw
the Columbia to-d:iy were Cnptains Archie
Hogarth and Wring* and Sailnutker Rat
sey of the Shamrock. These gentlemen
were piloted to the navy yard by Painter
Mitchell, who had been superintending the
painting of the Irish yacht, and Mate
Allen of the American boat met them Just
outside the yard.
At the drydock the party found Captain
Barr and Measurer John ITyslop and for
an hour the rival captains talked over the
relative merits of the two boats and
viewed the Columbia's hull at close quar
ters. The Englishmen did not care to
pxpreps any opinion other than to say that
the Columbia was a fine looking craft.
Besides repainting the topsides and
scouring the hull of the Shamrock there
was considerable other work done about
the boat. Most important of all was the
putting on of a new bobstay. Designer
Fife evidently*" «lid not care tn run the
risk of carrying th.-i* important piece of
rigging away during a race and Instead
if having the new sts»r a single wire rope
It was made doub!.- and was woun-1 for
more than half its length with maiiin to
prevent chafing. There was some talk
about the Erie basin that the Shamrock
would be floated out of the dook to-mor
row afternoon and as the craft Is about
ready there may be some truth in the
rumor, but John M. Hyslop, official meas
urer of the New York Yacht Club, said
this afternoon that he would put the tape
to the two boats next Monday. He will
first measure the Columbia at the navy
yard before she leaves the drydock and
:hen will board the Shamrock's'tug, Law
rence, and go around to the Erie basin
to measure the Irish cutter.
Put trp a Poor Mill.
CHICAGO, Sept. 29.-The fight between]
"Mysterious" Billy Smith and Billy Stift
of Chicago was declared a draw after six
rounds of very poor work by both men.
Neither was disposed to do any lighting,
and thevwere continually laughing during
the clinches. The crowd was vociferous in
its disapproval and continually yelled
"fake." Stift landed three good blows
during the contest and Smith but one.
NEW YORK OUTPLAYS
PHILADELPH'A NINE
By Winning Two Games From Wash
ington, Boston Ties the Phillies
for Second Place.
NATIONAL LKAGI'E STANDING.
Clubs— TV. L. Pet. ; Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....93 42 ,659. Chicago .....72 67 .518
Philadelphia 88 54 .620 Louisville ...09 72 .490
Boston ........86 53 .819 Pittaburg ....(!S 73 .452
Baltimore ...SI r,r> ..'9l New Y0rk. ...54 SO .403
St. Ixiuls 81 (il .670 1 Washington 49 91 .330
Cincinnati ...75 65 .536 (Cleveland ...20 125 .137
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 2?.— Philadelphia was
outplayed at every point by New York this
afternoon and was defeated handily. 'With the
exception of Delehanty none of the locals could
do anything with Gettig's delivery. They had
several chances to score, but spoiled them by
foolish base-running. The fielding of Gleason
was notably brilliant. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 2 8 4
New York : 7 9 1
Batteries— Bernhardt a.nd Douglass: Gettig
and Warner. Umpires— Manassau and Snyder.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 20.— A base on balls to
Brodie, Kelsler's sacrifice and Schreckert's
single In the ninth inning won an exciting
game for the Orioles from the Superbas to-day.
McGinety was in fine form when men were on
bases'. Hughes pitched in masterly style and
both twirlers were almost perfectly supported.
Baltimore showed the better base-running and
"Inside" work. Attendance, 1467. Score:
Club.«— R. H. E.
Brooklyn *. 2 9 1
Baltimore 3 7 1
Batteries- Hiißlies and McGulre: McGinety
and Smith. Umpire?— Emslie and Dwyer.
BOSTON", Sept. 29.— Boston took two frames
to-day, the first by opportune hitting In -the
eighth Inning. The box work of both Nichols
and Evans was excellent. In the seventh In
ning of the second game, after two were out,
Boston scored four runs on two passes to first.
The came was called in the eiphth inning on
account of darkness. Attendance, 500. Score,
first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston ■ 4 f! 3
Washington 2 7 3
Batteries— Nichols and Sullivan: Evan? and
Klttredge. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 6 9 4
Washington 2 6 7
Rarteries — T^ewis and Sullivan: McFarlan and
Powers. Dmplres — Swartwood and Hunt.
SEARCHLIGHT THE WINNER.
At the Illinois State Fair Defeats j
Frank Bopash.
SPRINGFIELD. 111., Sept. 29.—Searrh
lifcht, the great pacing: stallion, won the
2:03 pace for a purse of $2. r >oo at the State
Fair to-day without an effort. Frank Bo
grash took second money and William Mac
third. The track was fast, but the weathei
was chilly. About "500 people were pres
ent. A gale was blowing up the stretch
and the horses wore compelled to face it
as they made the finish. Searchlight
paced the first mile in 2:0434. within a.
half-second of his record, making the first
and last quarters In :30%, a 2:ul clip.
Frank Bogash finished second in the first
heat, a length behind Searchlight, with
William Mac third and Indiana fourth. -
They were the only starters.
The second heat was just as easy for
Searchlight. His time was 2:07%, William
Mac was beaten out for second place by
Bogash and Indiana was last.
In the third heal Searohiight led from
the start, with William Mac second, Bo
gash third and Indiana in the rear. The
time of the heat was 2:08. The horse will
be shipped to Lexington to-morrow.
CYCLER FRANCIS' RECORD.
Milton E. Francis established a new rec
ord for the five-mile East San Jose course
last Sunday in a try-out to select the
Garden City Wheelmen's team for th*
annual twenty-mile race on October 8.
He covered the distance in 12:53, as
:tgainst the previous record of 13:03. The
try-out was in reality a road race, and
was won by Burton Downing, a brother
of Hardy .Downing, the well-known pro
fessional*. He haa a handicap of 1:15.
The five scratch men finished together.
The order of finish in the race was as
follows: Kurton Dowllng, 13:40, 1 minute
U seconds; V. Francis, 13:41, 1 minute 15
seconds; Harry Wilson, 34:00, 1 minute 20
seconds; Dan Manning. 14:00, 1 minute 30
seconds; Milton Francis. 12:63, scratch;
E B. Wastle 12:53 2-5. scratch; Julius
Smith, 12:53 4-5, scratch; Lou Smith, 12:54,
scratch; Ed Barnes, 12:55, scratch; Dan
Murphy. 13:26, 30 seconds; Homer Lowe,
14:07, I 'minute; R. Smith. 16:11, 2 minutes;
Tom Thurber. 14:45, 1 minute.
A few of the members of the Bay City
Wheelmen and their lady friends enjoyed
a theater party at the Orpheum last even-
Ing. The affair was aranged by the new
captain, F. N. Smith.
The Garden City Wheelmen of San Jose
will have a particularly strong team in
the Associated Clubs' twenty-mile race
Sunday week, and the cup lies between
them and the Olympics.
R. C. I.ennle and wife of I,os Angelea,
who have been spending the past week
here renewing old acquaintances in wheel
ing circles, will leave for home to-morrow.
Captain W. L. Loos of the Association
Racing Board has his hands full preparing
for the twenty and ten mile events which
occur on October 8 and 15 respectively.
Tlie ten-mile always has a lot of novice
entrants and is usually a very exciting
race.
The Academic Athletic league is ar
ranging for its annual relay race around
tlie Pan Leandro trhingle on October 14.
Teams from live schools Will probably
take part.
Pythians to Entertain.
Tlie Knights of Pythias" Entertainment
Association has been organized by the
election of the following named as officers
for the current term: Charles W. Kevin.
president ; D. W. Saylor, vice president;
A. J. Morrison, secretary; Will J. Beatty.
treasurer. The object of the association
in to furnish various kinds of entertain
ment for the members of the order and
their friends. The first of these will bo
given on the 27th inst. and will be in the
nature of a smoker and a dance. Two
balls have been engaged in Pythian Cas
tle for the purpose. One will be devoted
to tlie use of the men who wish to smoke
and enjoy such a programme as is usu
ally given at smokers, while the other will
be for young people who are fond of
dancing. The following named commit
tees will have charge of the double func
tion: Arrangements— Alfred L. Black. I).
W. Baylor, W'll J. Beatty, L. C. Levy and
<;. Marian!; supervisory— A. E. Lucas, J.
H. Dnnton. J. Williams. C. T. Gromme
and A. 11. Striker: press— C. S. Hoffman,
W. 1,. Daws. M. S. Kramer, A. J. Morri
son and C. W. Xevln.
Lincoln Monument League.
A meeting of the executive board of th»
Lincoln Monument League was hold at
tlie Vnion League Club last night, Presi
dent W. W. Stone In the chair.
The committee on publicity recommend
ed the appointment of a delegate from
each county, they in turn to appoint four
other delegates. In the near future a
meeting of these delegates will be called.
The matter was laid over until Friday
next.
An elaborate design of a monument of
Lincoln was presented by an Eastern ar
tist. It was referred to a committee con
sisting of Mayor Phelan. Colonel C. Ma
son Kinne and Judge Cooney. A letter
was read from D. R. McNelll Inclosing a
dona' lon of $5.
For More Sports See Page 4.
The Best Man Wins.
Prize fighting may not be a pleasant subject.
but it teaches a lesson nevertheless — the inabil
ity of man to hold the championship for any
length of time. How unlike that great cham
pion of health, Hostetter's Stomach Bitters,
which has never been beaten, and for fifty
years has met and conquered the worst cases
of constipation, dyspepsia, biliousness and liver
trouble. See that a private revenue stamp
covers the neck of the bottle.
f
TOM KEARNS
IS DEFEATED
BY O'BRIEN
Latter Will Soon Be Matched
to Meet Frank
Erne.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— Jack O'Brien of
this city is now entitled to meet Frank
Erne for the lightweight championship,
as he knocked out Tom Kearns of Boston
at the New Broadway Athletic Club 10
--night. They met for a twenty-five-round
go at loS pounds, but Kearns received his
quietus in the thirteenth round, after hav
ing all the worst of the argument from
the beginning. In the final round Kearns
was so badly beaten that he dropped his
guard and O'Brien swung his right to the
mark. Kearns dropped helplessly, and it
was fully ten minutes before he regained
A match between Erne and O'Brien will
soon be arranged. To-night Tom O'Rourke
made a bet of $2.">00 at even on O'Brien,
and Erne's new manager, Bobby Smith,
took up the Kine end of the bet. Each
bettor posted $500 in the hands of "Honest
John" Kelly to bind the wager.
Newman's Nero Poisoned.
The do* poisoner has added another vic
tim to his list. This time it is Charles
Newman's great rough-coated St, Ber
nard Xero. The body of the canine was
fcund stiff and stark yesterday morning
in the yard in the rear of the Newman
residence, 710 McAllister street. The con
dition of the carcass showed undoubt
edly that poison had been used on the
dogr.
Nero was one nf a number of high class
il.^h owned by Mr. Newman. He was five
years old and cost $I(HHi. His owner
has suffered considerably from dog
Btealers and poisoners, and of late has
been keeping a watchful eye on his pets.
Within the past month Xero"s kennel
mate, I Jon. was stolen twice, but was re
covered each time. These attacks on his
dogs led Mr. Newman to turn Lion over
to his brother, and the fact that he was
not in the yard with NeYo Thursday night
was probably all that saved him from a
similar fate.
See the new color window, "Keith's." •
University Extension Lecture.
Dr. John Fryer will give the. third in j
the university extension course of lectures
at the Young Men's Christian Association j
Hall, Mason and Ellis streets, this even
ing at S o'clock. His address will
he on "The Commercial Intercourse of
Russia, France, Germany and Other
Countries With Chirm." Admission free
to the public.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ARE YOU IN
If not, don't you think you should
bft? A few dollars" invested now in
the stork of some legitimate com-
pany should make a small fortune
when oil Is struck.
OUR STOCK IS LISTED
on the California Oil Exchange.
Applications received now filled at
$1 80 per share. Price advanced in
a few days.
PROSPECTUS FREE. V
BIG PANOCHE OIL CO,,
112-113-411 Adtmi Bldg. 206 Etarny St.
San Francisco-
MUNYON'S INHALER
J~®jm CATARRH
\ J^w£f Colds, Coughs,
_^Aftf^%*jL* Hay Fever, Bron-
J^^^n^;tr|l^». chilis, Asthma
m iJ(%WM an(i aII Diseases
lif§£ : " Hr of the Throat and
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are Inhaled
through th.> mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and vaporizing all the Inflamed
■nd diseased part* which cannot be reached by
medicine taken into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— heals the raw
places— It goes to the seat of disease— lt acts at
a balm and tonic to the whole system— at .
druggists or sent by mail. 1505 Arch St., I'hilc*
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and' Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY
r^rii^ to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STAriONERY.
i:\ a COAL. COKE AND Pld IRON.
J. C- WILSON &CO m "Battery Street.
4- V- niLJVII a WU-, Telephone Main 1884.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mrr.
C W SMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
V- TT • Jim 111. a nd Ship Work a Specialty. 1«
arid 18 Washington st. • Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS £TO Shipping Butchers. 104
JflJ- DUlCjtt U>) Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
JN I fIFSTAH ' 4 XK * am/ st - upstair* Luteit
J< 11. LVrJIAV, ,tyle«, lowest prices, remodeling.
' IRON FOUNDERS. ~~ ■
WESTERN FOUNDRY, £ &■£&
st." Cub ngs of Every Description Mods to
Order. Tel. Black 1506. .'■■■■
PAPER DEALERS. -V^'
WII I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER co.
TTILLARICIIC 722 Montgomery street
PRINTING.
EC HUGHES, 8 n printer, F.
C- V- JILUIILj. fill Sansotne st.. S. F.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO , & »£?,:
. STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te c < o g Uc PARTRIDGE 306 a r^
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, SJ^aM
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, .a the Best Coal In th«
, Market. Office and Yards— Main street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
absolute Security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^^ i
Very small aid as easy
to take as sujjar.
SEE frAHTTtfoI™" HEADACHL SEE
JCC OAK I IKo for oizziness. l
liisTTlp- FOR BILIOUSNESS. nriTntim
GENUINE :-'- ViUfr- for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WJMPPFR M HI FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
WKAmK iJlHdi IFOR THE COMPLEXION nKAtTLK
25 (Sits I Purely Teyetal)le./<^«^s3^*<C
■"PRINTED ON REID PAPEE'
I Will Give $1000
If I fail to cure any
'• i^^K®%. CANCER or tumorl
EZSBK'XxSSS&F^z&t**-*- treat before it scat-
tUSST riff^'^'ffaJk tcrs or affects the
■f< T^^ " bS OI " Other
\ . '^t^§ "" /] now in my offices in
\ . ._•.." - alcohol. Lady attend-
■ "J^s: /f/$ i ant. Any hard
3^§£h. " :^* s *-«^ ' sl£ti>*. lump anywhere
A °y lump In a .
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure is almosi impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE
With symptoms, addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D M 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
ivtssT DR. JORDAN'S great i
OF ANATOMY^
9 S^ 10S1 msir CT - t9t - S:ii7th, S.P.fcl. i
\ X^T^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
w J' "r\>.' W'ortd. WrakiiC'CSfs or any contracted A
SCC &3m ' <)'i«*f P^'"' v '" l ycurrJi)ylhf oldtsl T
9 «Sal Specialist ro the Coast. E'^36y;ars. 0
A o*Xf ft DR. JORCAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ W&B&9 Consultation fr»>? and strictly prirste. V
a X jufWtt T " " mfllt personally nr by letter. AM
\fi if 8 Po '- tn ' t ttw-'in every case undertaken. T
iff Hip Wnl<r for Book. FIIII.OSriI'HVrfi
V■ II I! 1 * nAnBUGE, MAILED FREE. (A™
M) 9 11' val " a b |e book for mm) \
f OR. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., 8. F. 9
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF TIIE
i CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
I
OP THE
1 COMMERCIAL UNION
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 18SS, and for the
year ending on that day; as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
: nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
I and fill -of th» Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. :
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
I Cash
ASSETS.
j Real Estate owned by Company $SSB.HS 69
Loans on Borvl!» and Mortgages 265,600 00
Ca?h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,737,615 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
I Cash in Company's Office 16,026 65
Cash In Banks 459.123 09
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 26,654 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 759 03
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 399,087 58
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken l
. for Fire and Marine Risks l.M* 50
Rents due and accrued 7,414 56
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. - 3,278 58
Total Asset* .S3. SOS, 155 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $59,073 75
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 158.833 00
Losses resisted. , Including expenses.. 25.>75 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,680,194 S3;
re-insurance 50 per cent.. 840,097 42
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, ?1,545.-
-110 75; re-Insurance pro rata 974,207 77
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Rlski, $15,064 55;
re-l»surance 100 per cent 15,064 55
Gross : premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $105 00: re-Insurance 50 per
cent..... • • B! 50
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 91,849 28
All other demands against the Com-
pany • 57,478 96
Total Liabilities $2,220.034 23
INCOME.
Net Cash actually, received for Fire
premiums .....$2.235.870 06
Net Cash actually received for Ma- r
rlne premiums... • •• 100.270 59
Received for interest on Bonds and ■'
Mortgages • • • • •■ ■•• • • • • • 6,048 83
I Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 78,032 74
Receired for Rents... 22.d66 67
Total Income .$2.442,793 89
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding losses of previous year5)... 51,243,172 35
Net amount paid for Marine Losses 
* (Including losses of previous years. 88.091 00
Dividends to Stockholders..
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage • • • 439,958 21
Paid for Salaries, Fee« and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 150,595 01 :
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ...-••• * • '•• * 71.204 06
All other payments and expenditures 146,310 74
Total Expenditures .$2.069.431 37 j
Fire. Marine. !
*■£* I ?y.. t *T|l,W4,m 78 $48,191 00 I
- Risks and Premiums . Fire Risks. Premiums, j
Net amount of Risks
written- during the < ~ ?-"■ -;-*'.:-.' ■■<:
, year.. ■■... $301,740,820 $2. 509. 230 88
Net amount of Risks
expired during the!
year •• • 284.151.702 2,893.079 90
Net amount In force
December. 31. 1898 370.706.075 3.525.305 58 i
| Risks and Premiums. Mar. Rtsks Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the iV.iV,
year .'.........: •••• $40,675,776 $220.96151
Net amount of Risks
expired, during the . '.S-'/iki
year 43,8*2,482 261,554 75
Net amount in force . _
December 31. IS3S | 1,185,475 15.169 55
A. H. WRAT. U. 8. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 'd
day of February. 1899.. . - --'.
/ EDWIN" F. COREY,
Commissioner for California,
C. F. MULLINS, Manager,
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH.
416-418 California Street.
SAN FRANCI~CO. CAL.
■ ■j^DBII^STmB-aiCtt^^.
|£ "PATENTS^ J
XSi/330 MARKET ST. sTVSS"^ i
I "At Auction.
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY - - OCTOBER 3. 1899.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Our Salesrooms, 638 Market Street.
•WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
Southwest corner (No. 2001) Eddy and Brod-
erick sts.: large corner lot, 150x137:6; will sell
] in subdivisions to suit; also elegant residence,
' stable, etc. . ...•■; \-.~.:-
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Southwest corner (Nos. 31 to 35) Beideman
j and O'Farrell sts.; 60x45 feet: four flats of
I four and five rooms; rented $47; both streets
bituminized. 'A'-.
SOUTH-OF-MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southeast side (Nos. 5 and ','•>) Harriet st., 100
I feet southeast of Howard; two good houses ot
six rooms each; always rented.
f WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
* I East side (Nos. 1210 and 1212) Steiner St.. 87:8
l north of Turk; lot 25x57:6; store, five rooms
} and bath and ,flat of six rooms and bath; in
. : business locality; street bituminized.
' ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
I West line (No. 203) Central aye., 25:6 north
' of Page St.; lot 22x90; modern up-to-date resi-
I j dence of seven rooms and bath; near Park
' Panhandle.
' MISSION FLAT AND STORE.
i Southeast corner Twenty-third and Alabama
sts.; lot 26x74; store and flat of five rooms and
bath; modern; both streets bituminized.
1 PARK PANHANDLE LOTS.
i : Northeast corner of Central aye. and Waller
st.: 90xlU, more or less; will sell in subdlvi-
| sions to suit.
- MISSION COTTAGES..
West side Shotwell st. (Nos. 804 and 806), 53
feet south of Twenty-second: 56x96; two nlc«
cottages ot five rooms and bath each.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
North line of Clay St. (No. 3942), 151 feet east
of First aye.; 85x127:6; residence of nine rooms,
bath and basement: two vacant lots adjoining.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
North line of Twenty-first st., 75 feet «ast of
j Alabama; 25x104; ready for building; streets
: bituminized.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street.
I .
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE— '
: i CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
} . OF THE
ALLIANCE .
I ASSURANCE COMPANY ,
) f\F LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
J v/ day of December, A. D. 1898. and for th«
. ' year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Calif or-
-, i nla, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 810
1 l and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
; blank furnished by the Commissioner.
I CAPITAL. -
i Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
5 Cash
5 ASSETS.
I Real Estate owned by Company $163,170 87
) ! Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 10,000 00
5 Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 597,450 00
; j Amount of Loans secured by pledge of . .
Bonds, Stock* and other marketable
I securities as collateral ' .....
Cash in Company's Office :.\.. ■'■;.- :■:-.:
Cash in Banks 46.06175
; Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
j and Loans 1.750 00 '
> I Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
. : Mortgages
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 32,6*3 54
! Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
,• I for Fire and Marine Risks 214 70
' ', Rents due and accrued 475 00
' Due from other Companies for Rein-
, I surance on losses already paid
Total Assets ...$850,796 18
1 j . LIABILITIES. " ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 870 00
( Losses in process of adjustment or In •
Suspense 5, 075 00
. Losses resisted, including expenses. ...
' Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one yes.r or less, $146,277 09; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent .' 73,134 55
Gross permiums on Fire Risks running ■ ' '
more than one year. $82,999 09; rein-
ranee pro rata 63546 03
Gross premium on Marine and Inland '
Navigation Risks, $ -; rein-
i surance 100 per cent i./'i-'
I Gross premiums on Marine Tim«
! Risks, } ; reinsurance 50 per
: cent
I All other demands against the Com-
I P anv •• • ••• 7.M9 24
Total Liabilities $137 648 81
INCOME. ■ ;
Net Cash actually received for Fire ' : - .1,
t premiums $200,767 29
Net Cash actually received for Marine .
j premiums '
' Received for interest on Bonds and
" Mortgages
'. Received for interest and dividends on «
Bonds. Stocks, Loans' and from all
1 other sources 20,429 45
I Received for Rents 10,102 45
Total Income $231,299 1>
EXPENDITURES. ~~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
; eluding $8102 40, losses of previous
j years) •.......:....... 91.5J7 11
I Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ , losses of pre-
! vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders I
1 Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .......:., 45,685 81
j Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
; charges for officers, clerks, etc....... 14,181 S3
Paid for State. National and local
1 taxes 2.880 07
All other payments and expenditures.. 41,584 15
Total Expenditures ....$196.018 67
F*lr*
Losses • Incurred during the year...... $57,152 71
I Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount .of Risks
] written during the •
..year $22,493,814 $2*9,679 17
Net amount of Risks .
expired during . the
year •• •••.• 22,375.632 240.648 M
Net amount in force
December 31. 189" 17,307,708 229. 278 ig
SAML. R. WEED of Weed & Kennedy, ~
Subscribed and sworn to before me this *24th
day of January, 1899. GEO. H. COREY
• Commissioner for California.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager,
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH.
416-418 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
I Weak Men and Women
j CHOULD .USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
I VJ great Mexican remedy; gives health and
1 strength to sexual organs. Depot, 221 Market.BANK DEPOSITS
ARE PILING UP
VERY FUST NOW
Pace of Two Millions
Per Month,
HUGE GAIN IN TWO YEARS
FIFTY MILLIONS ADVANCE IN
THAT PERIOD.
Surprising Figuree That Will Be Em-
rthcoming Re
. }s.i.'it if t\ ■ I>ni: Com
, mi. sioiitis.
. Th In the Unks of Cal
::• lei ■ ping 1b
. ■ % . .rly $70,000 a
. - . holidays. In
■ ■ :u deposits
n r.«und fig
• in the judg
• - ■ r;. is con
tim;; .. ug faci will be
f the
■ : s, wh eh will probably
\r month. Th< conditions
under which an Increasi I ; - 1,000 in
sits in Cal aa been
deserve
at least. ' of the
contend
■
y dur
; he re
: Bank Com
lew 1 ■ State
In thl« matter that it
nd pro
. thai the financiaJ in
•us and
wel .
Thi se In de-
(is are
-
is not
lass of
listrib
..mong
banks
There are
immi rcial banks
■ mal banks, cjn
immissii nera will re
. , Fits in one
ngs l.anks
. iitul the
$113,294,213 99
report. The
bave depos
which is an
■ ■ . ■
nmercfal banks of
i. and the
The gain
banks in
•he to
_ -:■ • 16.55 I 63. The pri
.:■ T< . ■• lif $7
mounting in total to $1,438.
--nerclal and
In a gr<iup tho showing is
isitors, J2L" ■' -
Its in the past year,
tional Kink? havp deposits
:. • I -' - 188 22. md the
ear was $4,010,150 67.
mak • " t r all the hanks in
- the national Kinks,
Lmount due to deposit-
increase in one
■ ■ '.■!
HUNTINGTON'S LATEST.
Rumor That the Railroad Magnate
Will Have a Pulp Factory
and Sawmill.
C. P. Huntington- will, according to ru- |
nior| have a m;unmoth sawmill and pulp
factory— the first built at Flavel, which Is j
on •Young? Buy. in Oregon. The story is .
that th>» sawmill will cost $2,500,000. The;
proposer! ; i!;> mill- will beat Lewis and
Clarkn Falls. Mr. Huntington will not So
this a.lorie. He Is one of the stockholders;
in tin- torta Company, which is said to j
be a New Jersey company, with a cash
capital of $20,000,000. His associates are J.
Pi^rrepont Morgan, J. Claflln and A. B.
Hammond. This story first appeared in
an Oregon paper. It- is now In circulation
'n this city.
HUNTINGTON SAYS HE
LIVES IN NEW YORK
C. P Hunting-ton filed a motion In the
Circuit Court yesterday
. John Garber, for
-.. ■ • tof Walter Mors- !
Centra] Pacific Railroad
' ■■• aL Mr. Huntington all
•' - ■ !i ;^ Incoatrovertible, that
. ■ tie part) to tbe suit.
;:.'rth(-r that he was never per
• '1 with the BUbpena in thai
I the Bervtce "f th^
etaker of hi.s temporary j
. . in San Francisco is void ',
for T* thai Mr. Hunting-ton 1? a
resident "t thf city of N'»-w
■ the temporary residence
incisco is th*> property of hl.s
■ I >. Huntington.
- accompanied by others
E. Black Ryan. R. P. Schw^rln. W. !
; i rtlß, C. E. Wripht. N.
fth and others, all r-ertifyinK to tho
I Mr. Huntington'a residence In New
York ■
T "nir s Tirouit .ludp» Morrow'
order fixing the next regrular I
court day after nrxi Monday as the date j
f'>r hearing the aruurafnt.
The suit was brought on behalf of th»
British Btockholdera to prevent thr- pro- ; ;
(anization of tbe Central Pa- |
cifie Railroad Company.
POSTTJM CEREAL.
CAUGHT A NURSE.
Didn't Know Old K!n£ Coffee Had Her.
"The duti"? of professional nurses .
c\\\ them amonp a great many diflfer-
• t pf'irle, and it is surprising to know j
ho v many are suffering from the use of \
te, which Is the. primary cause of j
the majority of many nervous dis- j
s. My own experience has been |
that I ff-el that I can speak with I
. knowledge of the subject.
"For about ten . years I was afflicted
with a sevpr*- nervotu disorder, which \
1 ,-iy bo ,'rcat that ploep became an un- j
kndwn t ling to me without the use of I
s. I was a confirmed coffee I
drinker fit this tim*», but had never j
that had anything to do with
th<- difficulty.
'-'After coming to Chicago to live I j
was to; i by an acquaintance, who had
been a similar suffeivr from nervous-
that he had discovered it was
cau.S' ■ us 6 of coffee, and when
he made that discovery gave up the
r> and took up the use of Postum
I'l was. completely re-
gtored. li:.^ argument sounded fo logi-
cal 1 waa determined to make the ex-
periment, and, to my surprise, upon
leaving off the coffee habit I com- j
menced to Improve. This improvement !
has continued until now I am in com-
health and sie<-p well and natur-
ally. I always advise patients
Ing from aervoUE trouble to abandon
the use of coffee and use Postum. for I
know what I am talking about on that
gubjeet.
"Oc'cftaionally private families do
not prepare Postum well — that is, they
fail to allow a sufficient amount of time
for boiling. It requires more boiling
than coffee, hut the carp well repays,
tor the br-verago is delightful to the j
and wonderfully nourishing."
Moggie F. Church, No. 2 E. 33d Place,
111.
poßtum 13 Bold by all first-class
grocers' and made by the Poatum Ce-
leai Co., Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich.
MRS. BRUGUIERE'S DEBUT
AT THE COLUMBIA
APPEARS IN MODJESKA'S COMPANY.
MRS. PEDAR BRUGUIERE.
MRS. PEDAR BRL'GUIERE is the latest addition to Modjeska's forces. She
appeared last r.ipht in "Marie Antoinette" in a part heretofore played by
Miss Gardner.
As M:s- Madeline McKisick, daughter of .Tuci.ce McKisick, Mrs. Kruguiere
wnji all the honors oftVreil the amateur. She married young Bruguiere, son of
Emll Bruguiere, the capitalist. Mrs. Kruguiere Is better prepared to wrest his
trionic laurels than most society women. In addition to hr-r tine stage appearance,
she is an exquisite dancer, having been trained since childhood in the art. More
over, she has had the best instruction in dramatic expression, although never In
tended for the stage.
WHEN a young woman who has I
b^en prominent in soda] circles, a
belle, !n fact, Bees :'r to abandon
her triumphs ar.«l adopt a profes-
Bional career, one is acru?t»mrd to a de- !
hut announced with a flourish of trump
ets, attended by the flower of her set and
made succ<-psful by determined applause,
deserved or by courtesy— more often the
latter. And then? She lives along, giving
promise of great things in future; and the
future is such an indefinite distance. Per
haps the errors of her predecessors nave
been of profit to Mrs. Pedar Bruguiere,
for the simplicity and modesty of her first
appearance in Madame Modjeska's com
pany last night indicate that it is not no
toriety and admiration she s< eks. but
rather an opportunity to quietly prove her
right to a place in the profession of her
choice- In the- small part, of Louise
Chabry, a woman of th.. people, she,
showed an earnest intelligence, and was I
THAT WEARY ELEVATOR
THAT DOES NOT ELEVATE
CUSTOM-HOUSE NUISANCE THAT
EXCITES CUSS-WORDS.
The Officers and Public Pant Up the
Stairs While the Machine Sleeps
In Its Shaft.
Down in the Custom-house, in the an
cient Postofnce building, whose exterior
presents the appearance of 'an eczema in
cement, there is an elevator that does not ;
elevate. - . . . ' .
It was not always there. Prior to the I
administration of Judge. Huger as Col- |
lector the stone and iron stairs had borne 1
the wear and tear of generations of clerks j
and brokers. But the Judge looked upon |
those stairs and disliked them. Senator
"Wade of Ohio was a past master in pro
fanity. He was sent by Grant to investi
gate San Domingo, and his report was
so (luminous as to be Incompatible with
his opportunity to investigate. Then it
was said that Wade, of course, took only
a cursory view of the Island.
The law makes the Collector of Customs
the custodian of the Government build
ing. Those who heard Judge Hager on
his winding way upstairs every morning
came to call him the cuss-todian.
However, he prevailed on the Treasury
Department to sink a shaft through the
venerable pile and put therein a hydraulic
elevator. The same power ran it and the
judicial lift in the Appraiser's building
which carries Judges to the seat of judg
ment, clients to be plucked and lawyers
who pluck them, and criminals to their
doom.
The Custom-house elevator, barring oc
casional disabilities, ran steadily through
three administrations until eight months
ago, when it stopped short, whether to
ever go again no fellow can find out. It
was rt-ported that the boilers had given
out. and a contract was made, all tied up
with red tape, giving the contractors eight
months to put in a new one, when a busi
ness man would have had it done in eight
days.
All summer the officers and the public
have puffed and panted up the stairs,
while the elevator Bleeps in its shaft. The
contractor's time was up -the Ist of Sep
tember, and invitations were out for an
opening in the box, at which the Col
lector, Surveyor and Naval Officer were to
receive and entertain the lame and halt !
and celebrate the leturn of the prodigal
machine to its duty. But on that day
the box was gathering dust behind the
grilled door and the long procession of
clerks and brokers cussed and puffed its !
way upstairs. In the Appraiser's building j
it is as bad! Prisoners are thinking of
applying for a habeas corpus because that I
climb comes under the head of cruel and j
unusual punishment. Still the Govern- j
ment of the United States, which has just i
licked Spain and is reaching out for in
sular barbarians to elevate them, is in
capable of getting a go on one hydraulic
elevator. , ..-■■• \^y
FESTY O'DONNELL INSANE.
Ordered Committed to Ukiah. Asylum
by Judge Troutt.
Peaty O'Donnell, whose gold was the
object of Attorney Benson's greed, was
adjudged Insane yesterday and sent to the
asylum at Uklah. During the morning A.
O. Colton made- application to be ap
pointed Fcsty's guardian, but the court
continued the application until October 2.
A short time later the aged incompetent
was taken before the Lunacy Commis
sion, Judge Troutt presiding. A few ques
tions, and but little testimony, convinced
the experts that Festy was Indeed Insane
and should be Immediately confined for
treatment. An order committing him to
the asylum was made and in charge of
a Deputy Sheriff h<* started on his Jour
ney to the madhouse.
.■»■ . " ■
Y. M. C. A. Entertainment.
The Ladies' Auxiliary of tho Mission
branch of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation gave a farewell social last night
at Miss-ion Y. M. C. A. Hall. A pro
gramme consisting of songs, recitations
and shadow pictures was highly appre
ciated hy a larpe audience. The associa
tion gave up its old quarters after an oc
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 18!)9.
far more aceptable than the young woman |
intrusted with the role during the early j
pari oi the week. H.--r voice is resonant
and agreeable, her intentions serious and
her poise admirable. A mysterious dcs- ;
tiny always hangs over the new arrival.
the new 1 spirant for histrionic honors, !
who to-daj accepts applause If it come;
and Is to-morrow in a position to demand
it— to-day ,t debutant, and possibly within
a few re.v lies of stardom. Mrs. Bruguiere
is young in years, ardor, courage and
hnpe. She is beautiful, and the social art
is hers. Sbe has made a simple, sensible,
unfashionable debut, and in a Held where
the foolish do so plentifully bud and fail
to blossom this Is most encouraging. It
is a radiant proof of her right to consid
eration and .applause. Next week bhe
will play Margaret in I'Much Ado About
Nothing" and the third witch in vMac
beth." and it Is safe to predict that neuh- '
i-r appearance will be quietly made. Some
"have grentness thrust upon them."
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
cnpar.cy of twelve years and will to-day
move tn its npw home on Hill stroet.
Arrangements bar.- been completed by
the Li:'-'^ Auxiliary for an operetta to be
given In the near future. A s< lect cast
of characters 1 C twelve adults
and a juvenile chorus of fifty voices have ;
been cni
Died After an Operation.
The unknown man who was found In '
an unconscious condition at Golden Gate j
avenue and Leavenworth street and
brought to the Receiving Hospital by Of
fleer Martin Thursday night dierl last
night at that institution. The attendants I
at the Receiving Hospital thought at first
that he was surffring from apoplexy, but
examination leveloped a fractured skull
and an operation was performed. The
patient di^d shortly after the operation.
« ♦ ■
The new watermelon color at "Keith's"* j
ns TTsmnrsirv mnrsinnnnrs Tinnnrsv'jnrsTnrffy^
• >» SLSLSLSUULSLSLSLSLSLSLSLSLSUiSULSiSLSiSUIJLSLSL^^ °<
EB FEATURES SO FAR SELECTED FOR Ea
1 Next ,1
I Sunday's 1
O CX >C 3 O
°3 INCLUDE:
B The Hermit of ||
a BJ Superstition Mountain J§ a
~' to** WITH THE NIGHT . ! Read
Sunc Kf MAIL-COLLECTORS !g" day>s
k""' 1 A Sunday Call Woman Tries It for a Night. . '
J2 — — ■ — -a
* £3 The Ebell Exhibition of p3
S American Colonists' Rats .. Ea
|| THE STRANGE HOUSE ||*
U3 ....OF AX.... j S3
|| : OAKLAND EGOIST. |3
P - How the War Has ' g
•Ej Improved Business- ea ."
g| in San Francisco, . .g«
|| TWO REMARKABLE SHIPWRECKS || "
loo< ...F/CnON. ; FASHION... )°°{ '
toe* ...FICTION. FASHION... tocrf
|»3 ....HOUSEHOLD FACE.... feS 1 ' "
C 3 MANY OTHER STRONG FEATURES u3
■ b • yyoiryyyTnnfy .vinrinnr yyinnrygninnnnry * •
\JLSU>JLSLSULSLSLSUUUL SUISULSLSL SUULSUUULSLSUUULSLSU
LABOR TROUBLES
ALL SETTLED
♦;
Success of Chicago's
Festival Sure,
CHICAGO. Sept. 29.— The labor troubles
which have hedged about the fall festival
and the cornerstone laying have been
settled. The Uuiluing Trades Council, at
a meeting to-night, after more than an
hour's debate, decided unanimously to ef
fect a settlement by furnishing, cutting
and laying the cornerstone of the Federal
building.
The report of the strike committee wao
to the effect that if the Building Trades"
Council could agree to furnish, cut and
set the cornerstone labor difficulties f<*r
the present could be easily settled.] Argu
ment on the question waa fierce, but at
last a motion to Accept the report of the
committee was carried unanimously. The
vote also carried with It the agreement
of the HuiUling Trades Council to further
by every mep.ns in its power the Buccesa
of the autumn demonstration and the cor
nerstone laying, while the members uf the
Federal committee promised to use their
individual efforts to secure from Contrac
tor Pierce an agreement that the remain
der of the Federal building wojild bo
erected by union labor.
The cornerstone is to be an Illinois pro
duct. The cost of the rough stone, freight,
cutting and setting of the s;'mr -.sill be
borne by the Building Trades Council.
This action "n the part of the Building
Trades Council settles the question of the
success of the cornerstone laying so far as
the labor end of the matter is concerned.
Not only is the Federal committee as
sured of a peaceable setting of the stone,
but th< work on arches, floats and decora
tions will be pushed rapidly.
Private advices from members of tn»»
delegation now in New York are to the
effect that Admiral Dewey Is sure to ac«
company the President on his Western
trip, which includes the corni rstone lay
big, and desperate efforts will be made to
decorate the city properly in honor of the
distinguished visitor.
NATIVE OFFICIALS
FOR THE SAMOANS
New Regime Instituted by the Pro
visional Government and
Peace Prevails.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2ft.— Late official
advices from Samoa contain accounts of
recent meetings of, the Provisional Gov
ernment at Apia at which stf£is were
taken to have native Judges try cases be
tween natives, and native officials to sol
emnize marriages and keep the tax rec
ords of property owned by the Bamoans,
Two Judges, Tagoa and Toomata, were
chosen, one being an adherent of the for
mer King. Malletoa, and the other a Ma
taafan. The provisional authorities set
tled the claim of the heirs of the late
King: Maiietoa Laupepa and rejected the
claim of the Secretary of the late SamoaTJ
Government. Captain Preedy of the Brit
ish ship Torch was given several war
rants against natives for capital crimes,
winch will be turned over to Chief Lauati
for execution.
The proceedings indicate an entirely pa
cific condition of affairs on the island.
PASSENGER TRAIN
STRUCK BY A FREIGHT
Eight People Injured on the Indiana,
Decatur and Western Railroad,
but Not Fatally.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Sept. :>:•.— Train
No. 4, eastbound, of thf Indiana. Decatur
and Western Railroad went into the sid
inp: at Montezuma, Ind.. at 3:16 this morn
ing. The rear sleeper rliii' not clear the
main track and was struck by a fast
freight train westbound. The sleeper was
upset and eight persons were hurt. The
car caught fire and was ruined. There
were eighteen passengers in the slipper.
Among tl-.ope injured were: H. E. Os
bprne, Yvaukestfaw, \Vi.= .: J. L. Shark**}',
Ofeicago; Adam F. May. fthelbyvtHe,
In.l , Misa Motile Meredith, Indianapolis;
O. E. Bradfeet, Cedarville, Ohio; C. A.
Gonsoll. Cambridge City, Ind.: Oliver Re
veal. Indianapolis'; It. W. R. Dendrlcks,
Marfinvil'.e, Hid. All will recover.
To-Day's News Letter.
Not to read the News Letter to-day
is not to know that it is Saturday. In
the "Sparks" column a wedding trag
edy is unfolded, with a list of the
amazed society personages who were
not Invited to he among those present.
Mr. Garrei MoEnemey expressi-s him
self candidly on the subject of Mr.
Sammle Braunhart; thf Looker On
confides the latest yarns floating in the
Swim, and the Town Crier is rich with
the same quality of pat paragraphs
and Impertinent jingle that made last
week's News Letter the talk of the
town.
SUITS AGAINST
COUNTY OFFICERS
Report of the Grand
Jury of Yuba.
! MARYSVILLE. Sept. 29.— The Grand
Jury of Yuba County filed its final report
this afternoon and was discharged by
Judge Davis. It approves of the action
of the District Attorney in commencing ■
suits against the members of the pres- I
ent Board of Supervisors and an ex-Su- j
pervisor to recover money said by the ex
pert to be duo the county because it was
illegally taken from the treasury. It
recommends that actions be commenced
against Treasurer Pine, Auditor Gunning i
and Deputy Auditur Williams to recover j
money taken by these officers for work
which they claim was outside their du
ties, but which the grand Jurors hold was
;i!i Increase of their salaries.
Ji approves of ti- a< tion of the District
Attorney In bringing suit against the Su- •
pervisora to previ nt the taking of V- "'» un
der a contract entered Into between the
Supervisors and certain attorneys, and the
Instituting of a suit to recover $500 addi
tional, already paid out under such con
tract.
It is recommended that the suits agrainst
John C. White. Dr. D. P. Durst and W.
T. Phipps, anti-debris agents, be dis
missed, the matters at issue having al
ready been adjudicated in the courts. The
report of Expert Dove is declared to be
finished and elaborate and the payment
of his bills for services rendered is recom
mended. Certain repairs at the County
Jail and or> bridges and roads arc recom
mended.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
i ., r*
1 Miss Lockhearfs
LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM.
[letter TO MRS. I'lxk::ali no. 67,104]
" I cannot express my gratitude to
you for the good that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done
for me. I have taken five bottles of
j the Compound and two boxes of Liver
Pills and feel better in every respect.
I had suffered for years with dropsy;
the veins in my limbs burst, caused
from the pressure of the water. I had
l the worst kind of kidney trouble, faint-
ing spells, and I could not stand long
at a time.' I also had female weakness
and the doctor said there was a tumor
in my left side. The pains I had to
stand . were something dreadful. A
friend handed me a little book of yours,
so I got your medicine and it has saved
my life. . I felt better from the first
bottle. The bloating and the tumors
' have all gone and I do not suffer any
pain. lam still using the Vegetable
! Compound and hope others may find
relief as I have done from its use." —
Miss N. J. Lockhzart, Box 16, Eliza-
beth, Pa.
Only the women who have suffered
. with female troubles can fully appre-
ciate the gratitude of those who have
been restored to health. .*•
Mrs. Pinkham responds quickly and
without charge to 11 letters from suffer-
| ing women, Her address is Lynn, Mass.
j : :
T/\ 1 LYDIA PINKHAM'S --
hJIWI COMPOUND 75c
eM " 1 Cut Rate Druggists ■V* >
j Drug Co. l! 28 Market Street. S. F.
m^^>^ ELECTRIC BELTS,
KA\'f X N i^4 iaoturers In the Unl.
rr Erfn&r te<l States. No Quacks
7%&f]igpyj<&gisi^ connected with this
' £3T~" ■ ' r ° r l' art^ cu ' ar9
iJ^/-"" call or send 2c In
*iY~ stamps for "Booklet
No 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
■M B a yE& B3ksSß ESn jßr«9 la B IBfc uJct
_n jil. vl B^l I '&' I EcS gJKi m wW*. i«S
__t m_ ■ KM ■»■ fVJM ITwl B «~J™ KAj
"The iS Hotels
The covered passageway connecting, these
two immense structures places under one
management 1400 rooms, more than half of
which have baths attached.
Those who appreciate exclusive clientele,
perfection in cooking, efficient service, and
close proximity to business and amusement
centers can obtain these requirements here.
European plan, $1.00 up. American plan,
$3.00 up. John C. Kirkpatrick,
Manager.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNT AND WASHINGTON Slo.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
■ CO. Kuropean plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $& week; in to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator rune all night. . '
«ipp n 1f I I Corner Fourth and
Inl I 111 I U ill Market, S. F. Try
1 ll rr Kill ill our Special Brew
IIHI L Nil I nl_ steam and Lager, I
will la II W I II L. SC.5 C . Overcoats and
Valises checked frea.
■ : , . . AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE . MAIN 632.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15.
• Best Reserved Seat. 25c.
Last N.ight But One of Offenbach's Famous
Comic Opera,
THE
DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER.
Last Night nut One at the Glorious Finale to
the Second Act!
Last NlKht But; One of the Beautiful - "White
and BHver March of Heautlful Girls.
MONDAY EVENING- RIP VAN WINKLE.
! Usual popular Prices, ...loc. lie, 25c, 35c. 800
: At Saturday Matinee— Best Reserved Feat, 25c. I
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-DAY! CHILDREN'S DAY!
Concessions Free Before 2:30 p. m.
ADGIE-^/^Vr^nLIONS
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW. AND
HARMON AND SEABURY,
', The World's Champion High Divers. '^'/r-
-j TO-MGHT^SPECIAL!
JEFFRIES FITZSIMKONS FIGHT
Reproduced by the .Animatoscope
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
■ gee the 15 GIANT GALAPAGOS. ALL ALIVE!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
+ + ♦ ♦ ♦ +,» ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ + + ♦ 4 M t .♦ t ♦ ♦.♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦»+•
I BPECIALB SATURDAY. I
♦ • .'■■.. ~ ~~ +•
♦ : v +
X We will close out (without reserve) our entire accumulation of
t SILK AND VELVET. REMNANTS J
tat prices that cannot fail to insure a rapid clearance. The collection in- +
eludes Black Silks and Satins, plain and brocaded, plain and fancy +
j X striped and checked silks, Colored Velvets in all shades. The Silk rem- >
j -f nants vary in length from one to eight yards. +
I* • .- — - ■ ■> i
: •♦" Attention is specially Invited to our large and elegant stock of -i.
X IFAWCJY NECKWEAR. KITH JABOTS and STOCK _
IX COLLARS- The style, quality and price of which will be found +
j -♦- most Inviting. . Black Liberty Silk Ruches, extra values, $1 00 to $3 50 £
I ▼• each. . ■+
j X Ladies' Stock Collars, three styles, Black, Cream and Colors, 25 cents +.
i _ each. . . .' . X
•♦■ Ladies' Fancy Jabots and Bows, a large assortment, 75 cents to $3 00 +
j + each. -f-
i X BIJOU'S— Very Special Values— 7s pieces all silk fancy +
X ribbons, 313 inches wide, value 25 cents a yard, will be placed on sale at T;
+■ 15 cents a yard. . . V .
f I^Al>lES'' FA^iCl' UNDERSKIRTS— flounce with X
I double ruffle, flounce lined, a positive bargain at 75 cents each. . . +
t . ' .— ■ +
■f Fl.\i:<Jl ALITI' KID GLOTES AT SPECIAL PRICES +
j-f —200 doz. Ladies' 2-Clasp Pique Walking Gloves, colors Red, Tan, Mode, -*r
+ Green, Blue, Pearl, White and Butter, also Black, all sizes from 5% to 7%, -f
1♦; regular price $1 25, will be on special sale at 85 cents a pair. Every pair +
_ fitted and guaranteed. •>•;">§ ; ":"-- *; ■< '..-: :•: rT^
T N. B. We clean and repair free of cost all gloves purchased from us.
I +
■f ROYS' REEFER 4"* 1> DOIBLE.BREASTED SUITS +
■"- —Boys' All-wool Fancy Tweed Suits in brown, gray and dark mix- "♦"
I▼■ ' tures.' These comprise the remainder of several large lots of suits which ;♦
i _ we sold as extra good value at $2 80 to $3 25. All will be closed out this i
X day at $2 25 a suit. . I
X JIBE'S A3fO ROYS' NECKWEAR— We have just received a X
■♦- shipment of Men's and Boys' all-silk neckwear in band bows, four-in- ♦
•4- hands, tecks and Windsors, which are made from extra fine quality silks "♦"
+ and are great values at 25 cents each. _ . +
X■ ' {/if Murphy Bulldlnjr. m X
X Market and Jones Streets. |
X • • ■ ■*-
t»M ♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦» ♦♦»♦♦»♦ ♦♦ ♦♦ ♦■♦ ♦ ♦♦♦>♦♦♦+' ♦♦ ♦♦ ♦♦ ♦
AMUSEMENTS.
WALTER I, MAIN'S
3=Ring
Circus.
MENAGERIE!
RACING CARNIVAL!
ROUGH RIDERS!
TO-DAY AT 2. TO-NIGHT AT 8,
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM. \\
ALSO SUNDAY.
PRICES:
General admission ...i 800
Children ;...... *J» C
: Reserved Beats - <««
Chairs in grand stand '. SJ'*leU
Seats in Vienna boxes'. $l.ou
SALE NOW ON AT WILL & FINCKS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2
Last Time of the Beautiful Opera,
"MARTHA."
Positively Final Performances of
"OTHELLO."
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT! and SUNDAY EVE'G
POPULAR PRICES...... 25 and 50 cents
Telephone for Seats, Bush ' 9. ' ',
1 CALIFORNIA THEATER. tj^<
■ «
___ TO-MORROW NIGHT
>j*Gs3S3gggL^ and ALL NEXT
«®Sj|i?33|ji3i&k MATINEES- SATUR-
BOTaJMii^*^* DAY and SUNDAY. :
Or ~\7s MR. BEN
JF£3&* <1 -^ ¥ * HENDRICKS
•■ i!^?^^'^^* ?o In the Successful
. , K-V: /** jCjj Comedy-Drama,
Yentlenian.
1 \%\s&jif£^/ ?'■'- REMEMBER THE
foy/jKJKgVy £>:% POPULAR PRICES
>»m 5 Matinees — 50c and 2. >c.
. — Box Office Now Open.
COLUMBIA.
MODJESKA.
ASSISTED BY
JOHN E..KELLERD
■ And a Company of Players.
- — MATINEE- TO-DAY AT 2 .O'CLOCK.
TO-NIGHT— TIME
Clinton Stuart's New Historical Play,
MARIE ANTOINETTE!
' : NOTE— Curtain will rise at 8 o'clock sharp.
Next Monday— Second and Last Week .of
MODJESKA. ..
Monday Night and Saturday Matinee—
"MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING." - \
Tuesday, Thursday , and Friday . . Nights—
"MARY STUART." .
Wednesday and Saturday Nights— "MAC-
BETH."
■ SEATS NOW SELLING.
LAST POPULAR EXCURSION;
TO
SANTA CRUZ
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1.
Personally Conducted by .MR.' WM. H. MEN-
TON, Excursion Passenger ■ Agent,
Southern ' Pacific Company. .
ONLY $2 FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
FIVE HOURS AT THE SEASIDE.
MUSIC AND BOATRACES.
. Tickets on sale at 613 Market St., Grand Ho-
tel, Sept. Zl. 28, 29 and SO and at the ferry
landing on morning of excursion.
Leave ferry landing, foot of Market St.. 7:45
a. m. j Retiming, arrive in San Francisco at
6:05 p..m. E. O. McCORMICK.
■»• '.-- ■■- Passenger Traffic Manager.
T. H. GOODMAN. Gen. Pass. Agent: * .- - ; 1
AMUSEMENTS.
CAKEWALKJONTEST ■{
No Exhibition, but a Genuine Exeltjns Cake-
walk for Gold Medals and City Championship.
STARTS AT THE MECHANICS' FAIR,
THE PAVILION.
TO-NIGHT!— In the colored contingent ara
such great champion cakewalkers as- Paul and
Rosie Williams, etc. In the white society
Everett Brown, Williams, Kelly, Barney, Hick-
man, etc.
The best talent of the city, and the cake-
walking will -be done on main floor in front of
the bandstand, space 30x60 feet, roped in.
Judges, cake, medals, etc., all present. There
will be a warm time to-night; also buck and
wing dancing, Musical Fletcher, Miss Pearl
Hickman, Little Harry Mangels and Etta,
Aronson, Little Alma Ferris, etc. An act from
the Filipino Circus.
BIG MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON— FANCY
DANCES, ETC.
International Baby Show, afternoon.
Make entry now at Pavilion.
Monday Night— lndian Dances.
Tuesday Night— Turners and Woodmen of the
World.
Wednesday— Grocers' Alliance.
Thursday— Odd Fellows' Night.
LAST SEVEN DAYS OF THE FAIR.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS
MATINEE TO-DAY, . SEPT. 30.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, *.0c; Children,
10c. any part.
JENNIE TEAMAN'S. FRANK CCSHMAN,
SEYMOUR & DUPREE. FREDERICK HAL-
LEX -'■& MOLLIE FULLER. BRIGHT BROS.,
BTINSON AND MERTON, TERRY AND
LAMBERT,
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
BAND.
LAST TWO APPEARANCES
October 1.-FELIX MORRIS & COMPANT
for one week only in repertoire.
ALCAZAR ™!
MATINEE TO-DAY AND StTNDAY. ".
LAST TWO NIGHTS
Of the New York Lyceum Theater Hit,
THE IDLER.
A Drama of Great Moral Strength Dramatically
Told.
NEXT WEEK!
Roland Reed's Laughable Comedy,
"INNOCENT AS A LAMB."
' SEATS * NOW ON SALE. . ■
BASEBALL!
SANTA CRUZ
vs.
SAN FRANCISCO.
TO-DAY AT 3 F*. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 f*. M.
RECREATION PARK, ;
- Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 25 CENTS.
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND. '.■ • '
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-OALIPORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23, 1599.
" OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.-
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to ths.
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh, and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains vis Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenub
■ cars "at • Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes. : • - . .... r
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
4-45 d m and immediately after the last race.
' THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CONCERTS AND RFSOHTB.
■ 6UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc.
Bathing Including Admission, 25c; children,
ON AND AFTER SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1,
. THE SUTRO BATHS CLOSE AT IP. M.
lira 11.03 pr Year
910
COMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and financial quotations stand the same.
Wheat advanced- under large sales, but fell back.
Barley and Oats continue firm, but dull
Corn and Rye inactive and unchanged.
Beans firm, -with some changes. Seeds dull.
Hay weak and dull under, large arrivals. Feedstuff firm.
Shipment of '$357> 8 J~ to China.
No quotations from New York. '
Mutton firmer. Other Meats unchanged.
Provisions stand the same.
Dried Fruits show no new features.
Peaches and Plums getting scarce.
Poultry firm, except Turkeys. Came still high.
" Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs very firm.
Onions rather firmer. Potatoes and Vegetables unchanged.
Rice lower. Coal market in good shape.
No New York Quotations.
There will be no more quotations from New
York this week, yesterday and to-day being
holidays. __j_;
Charters.
The Agate loads coal at Departure Bay for
Molokiii: B. }'. Cheney, coal at Taooma for
Honolulu. . ,
The Pu~halburn was chartered prior to arri
val for wheat to Europe, 30s; Europe, same
voyage, 32s Ed.
Treasure Shipment.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $357. ?72,
consisting of i^A" in M.-xican dollars, »05,
--8:0 in gold com. $420 in gold dust, nSS,SOO in sil
ver bullion and $4000 in silver soles.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. £*pt. '29, I*9s^-5 p. m.
The follow nuninrnm temperatures w«re
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka '— ~ 64, San Di*>ffo 6S
Fresno - • Sacramento - v *
Los Anpele*. 80 lavit-i^naence .- £
Rcsl Bluff M'Yuma - .....10-
Biin Luis Obispo &i'
San I*ranci data: Maximum temperature,
60; minnnuis:. '-: mean, SK.
WKATIiF.R CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of moderate energy ■'- appeared
over WsslriEEton und British Columbia. It
■will prcbably rapidly pass eastward. Rain has
fallen o\-e-r the northern half of the Pacific
Coast. High feouttnTly winds are reported at
Portland tuid at the mouth of the Columbia
Kiver.
The temperature ha« fallen generally over
the coast. In Washington and Or^gnn there has
been a fall of from 10 to 3fi degrees. At Mount
Tamalpeis there ha? b'-en a fall of 13 degrees,
Tfie following maximum wind velocities are
reportt-d: Astoria. 4J miles p«r hour from the
south: Poiiland, "4, south, and Wlanemncca,
2fi Bouthwept
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 30 1599:
For Northern ("••ilifiirnia — Cloudy 'Saturday;
fresh wt-sterl>' winds.
For Southern California— JPalr Saturday;
cooler in the interior.
For Nevada^^-Cloudy Saturday; probably rain
Jn extreme- northern portion; coolir north.
Frr ITtuh— Olviucly Saturday; co.>ser Saturday
nleht, .
For Arizona— Fair Saturday.
For San Fnincipco and vicinity— Fair Satur
day: southerly, chansrlng to fresh westerly,
wlnds^ clpudy. in the morninK.
ALEXANDER G. McADTE.
Forecast omcial.
_.-
♦ . r-«
Dun's Review of Trade.
« __ *
■ NEW 1 IKK, Sept. 2ft.— R. C,. Dun c- Co.'s
■Weekly Rfevlew of Trad>> will say to-morrow:
September is the twelfth consecutive month
In". which tho v.Junje. of business b.>th at New
Turk and putsjkle i>f Now Tprk has been greater
than in tho same month of any pre\lous year.
In these twelve months payments through the
clearing htu;^ 1 have l)->en $59,600,000,000, against
f61r200,000,CM in the? twelve nvinths- <-niling with
Beptemb< 1 ISH2, an increase of $23,400,000,000,
over 46 per cent. When the tremendous ex
pansion l«% r an, men called it replenishment of
long dapletfrd Mork.-*. then lor a time It was
called a crazy outburst of speculation and when ■
demands still expanded, s.inie permanent In- ,
•creayn of business was? recognized as a ivsult
of Increased population earning better wages!
But the dethcud still Stows; r:..w ranging about !
60 ptr -cent srcaitr than in isri2, while popula
tion, aecordliifi to treasury e&tlinateK, i 81C per
cent sri»a.tt r and wapes are not over 10 per
. ctnt grr-aic-r. A reconstruction of bußlne*s and
ir.di:.«trir* >..' producing- and transporting? forces
lg in piflsreaa throughout the laji-4, with rerultx
which, none eta now measure. Iron consump
tion, instead of 360,000 tons per month in IW2,
is now ever J.K'Xit) tons per monUi an-1 yet la
so far behind the demand for ]<!•>>.;<;• that
the ou;>acity of most works is sold far into
nt-vt year. With sales of 20,000 at Pittsburgh
Beaecaaer pig roae to $23 :*\ t:hica»?o coko and
Boultaena pig ascaln r»*e $1 a-nd new furnaces
are s^jJJ many month* abead before they ...-uin
vco-K. lw^i* are hard to jret at anj" price, the
whole output of t'n<- Republic Company being
pold to January, and $2 25 is quoted for pom
mon at PHteburg. while at t;hloap;o the preat
deniaiid for car-building alii on works over
crowded.
Cc/ntraots for MOOfi plates ha\-e been placed at
Pltl«burK arid at all points the price is rising
with, astonishing ' demand. .Sheets an; also
hiKhi-r, with the demand intensilii-.i by renewed
efforts for consolidation.
Shipments of boots and shoea from Boston in
nine months have be .voters cases, a ainst
2.553.C52 in 1251 and In four weeks 390,622 caseH,
again."!. S6O,€SS last year, "7C.771 in 3597 and less
In any other ye«r. Here the increase is more
nearly proportioned to population and waxes,
but worka are all a month or more behind
their orders ior the season. Spring orders are
fair, but restrict still by unwillingness ;of
makers' to contract largely at prices now ob
tainablo. which average about 5 cents advance
when; makers de»>m 7 l ic necessary. The wool
market is active with a ffP-nera-1 advance, ag-
Krf:RatinK about He <>n washed flet combing
and some unwashed: the entire list quoted by
Coates' Bros, probably averajres about Me high
er. Heavywelsht woolens are well cleaned up
and of fcprlns worsts! many lines are with
drawn, the clays being nominally advanced to
$1 45, with some tancy worsteds T> per cent
higher. Stronger demand for cotton staples
caupos an advance of y t c in brown sheetings
and drll!* and 'jc In me bleached kockls. A
broader selliiiß arrangon-i^nt at Fall Hlver
t:c<>:r.« likely to prevent the proposed oobsoll
datlon.
Cotton opened the crop year at $G 2.'. and has
risen to IE S7» although tibuut a quarter inrire
has come into sight than lust year from the
greatest crop an. ivoortl and stoaks«hare and
abroad, commercial and military, are C 55,000
bales frreater than n year ago. But bolifif in
serious loss by droughts trains ground and also
belief In largely increased manufacture.
Wheat exports from Atlantic ill: : Pacific
ports have been (,294,386 bushels for the week,
flfur included, ajrninst 4.5e:.Ci22 last year, and
in four weeks 12,9i1.2<".3 bushels againFt 13,061,-
SSS last year. The foreign demand ha.s aided to
FU.vtaic prices, which closed \a higher than
last week, although Western receipts have b*?n
29.125.51S bushels In the past four weeks, against
31^830,670 last year. Corn is unchanged in price
and till la lanre foreign demand, exports hav
ing bwn in four weeks IMo.^iXVi' bushelß,
aseinst £,133.641 last year, with Western re
ceipts of 24,453,5r4 bushels, against 15,313,235
last year. • j ,
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. 'Sept. 3). — To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $190,022,093; Efild reserve,
t2SS,SIJ 4~^ '
London Market.
•f
NEW YORK. Sept. 2?.— The Commercial Ad
vortaser'E Lon-dcn flniinclal caJWtmrani saya:
Tji.*re iiTJlTorEsl. depreasdoil in the mar
kets here to-day and forced liquidation on war
fears. Thwe were two. lures, one smaJl, th«
other for abcrjt £24.000. caused by differences in
the bull account in ■ Americans and Africans.
Ev-erythlng wus arrang-ed satisfactorily. Con
boU were M down to 104 1-16, the lowest point
of tiie j-ear. The market became finally a
eha(ie harder on at unconfirmed rumor that the
Cabinet still allows the panßibility of peace, trut
the jrenera! opinion Is all for war. All stocks
inov^d together.
Spanish 4s were COM; Tlntcos, ij>jk.
Gold to the amount of £t"30,O00 for South
America, £(0,009 unslatwl, £S!>,000 for Malta
and £4000 In French coin wo.<> boujrht.
Bills were nearly 7 * per cent, the bants show-
Ing less readiness to discount.- - - "•■-'•
--.;.; . CLOSING.
LOXIX>N. ' Sept. 29.— Canadian Pacific. SI'S:
Union Pacific preferred. TS'i; Northern Pacific
preferred, 1 *; Atchison, 30?s; ttrank Trunk,
7' 5 : Anaconda, 10V<«. Bar silver, 27d per ounce.
Money, 3<f?S\i per cent.
Th<» rate of discount in the open market for
short bills. ">. The rate of discount In the
open market for three months* bills, :~.-ii per
cent.
— *
Chicago Grain Market.
•;— — — — — «>
CHICAGO, Sept. 2?.— Early trading In wheat
was without feature. The markrt opened at
practically unehaasred !ijn'-"<-.- and for some
time kept within an extremely narrow range,
with what little trading there was doing con
fined principally to scalpers, A bullish senti
ment was shown by traders, and before 11
o'clock the market bad become fairly active.
No important advance occurred, however, un
til the New Orleans cotton market was put
into a state of excitement by bogus cables and
the -wilrlrwss of prices there was sympathized
in by wheat shorts, the deferred futures scor
ing a good advance on free covering-. The
critical state of affairs in the Transvaal had
some Influence, though there was some dis
appointment over the slight advance at Liver
pool. Light primary receipts also attracted a
goxl deal of attention, increasing the belief
that "winter wheat supplies were low. An
active demand was reported for flour from both
the ■'.;.•,'. Kingdom and the Continent. The
market was strong and active until late in
the session. Shortly before the close the mar
ket became weak and price? declined rapidly.
An Increase in the stocks at Minneapolis and
Dututh, Indicating a good increase In the visi
ble next week, was a factor toward the end,
and wbea it became known that the New
Orlean-s cotton advance was bogus general
quiet results, September was not heard
much of until nftar th* close, when from a
premium of 1 cent it dropped to a cent in
the discount on free offer 1 by long in
terests. December opened unchanged at 73\c.
It advance! to 74 3 5,0 during the excitement over
cotton and declined to 73' i(S r 73 l «.c, closing at
that price* September sold as high as 74 7 .. ,
t.n.l declined to 72 ; ,...'7-V\ where it closed.
Corn was nervous and Irregular, that mar-
Icet tike wheat, being affected by the New
Orleans cotton excitement. Shorts were heavy
bidders for September early in the session,
and prices advanced sharply. Late futures
followed the advance to a • certain extent,
though inclined to drag a little on the pros
pert if an parly marketing of the new crop.
When the real cause of the New ' Orleans ad
vance became known there was a general let
ting go. and prices dropped rapidly, the mar
ket becoming h*>avy toward the close. The
cash demand was reimrted good. December
closed He lower at 30c, September He. lower at
32% c
"Oats in a perteral way followed other cerf-ala
Trading was Influenced somewhat by the cot
ton Jump, September advancing %c early on
free covering by shorts and deferred futures
also acting strong. Everything turned weak
late in the session, early buyers Belling freely
and the markei closed easy at Irregular de
clines. December closed a shade lowt-r at 22% c,
September ',• lower at 22V;c.
Provisions were rather dull and irregular.
come Btirength was shown early with the grain
market?, but later liquidation of. long sluff
resulted in slight declines in pork and ribs.
.V,.,. vreakneps at the stock yards had Borne
effX-tr January pork eloped 5c lower at 19 10;
January lard unchanged at $•'■■ *S>k and January
r\\# 2»/ic lower at ■■'• 10. . ...
The leading future ranged ac [ollowa;
"Trticies^ Open. Hla;h- Low-. Close-.
■ iber W% 74% • ail 1: ■
May ■•.•••; '"' ' '
leptSnrS?' - c ,,,,.., 32Vi " 34_Vi 32U 32%
Decembet ............ *JJi 30% g% ,".
May ...-.»., v 80%, 31' A 30% 30%
September"' ~~. ...... W4 22 7 * %* 22Vi.
l>^-eml-Kr ,,-.v.... 22-* 23% 22% 22^
May '..,-, 24* U\k 24 24>4
Mc-ps Porki per barrel-
October ..w,.-*^., S 1214 «20 8 12 1 4 815
mber ........... 8 ■'•'' 835 I Sfl %<£
January ,v....vw.-.. »»' 9 «'4 <* 73 978
I ..... per 100 pounds—
October ... s, ....... 5 40 5 45 S 40 5 42U
December .:...-...- SSO 8 E2U 5 M 560
January ............ " «-■ i 568 5 674 8 62%
Short Ribf, per UNI pounds—
October •..w>-.-..-.v.-. 5 IS- ■ 518 5W 510
Jan v ary v . ... >>■»>> 6 12»jM 5 Tr-i 5 07% 510 _
Ca?h quotations were as follows* Flour*
firm; No-. 3 Spring Wheat, 688TSe; No. 2 Red,
7«ic; No 2 Corn* 32^33Vic; No, 2 O/llb, 23c;
No. 2 White, r<M' -•"•%' : No-. 3 White, 24\®
2.')'/4o: No-. 2 )Bye, We; No* 2 Barley, 3S%ffl47c;
No. 1 Flaxs^eA, $1 15; Prime Timothy Seed, 52 30
02 40; Mess Pork, per barrel,, > '(jS2O; Lard,
per 100 pounds, ■ $5 X- ~:i :,:,«: ■ Short Rib fides
(loose) *rii.' 33; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed).
M^j'-ic; Short Clear Bides (boxed), BSD©'5 58)
Whisky, distillers" finished goods* per Bullen,
$1 a ■
Articles— Receipt*. ShlpmpntK.
Flour, barrels 13.f0rt 14.(tffl
Wheat, bushels ..,.».1 v w..1i7.0"0 1? ■•'•
Corn, bushels v ....»v..... 5<2,060 £i»6,0O0
Oats, bushels ..».,„. .......... 274,00i1 • 437.000
Rye, iHinhels ....,..., -7,000 I.M
Barley, bushels 70,000 7D.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creamery, 16@224ci dairy,
iSfilSc Cheeee, firm; ll(?Ml?ic-. Bgg*i firm;
fresh. 16% c.
♦ »
Foreign Futures.
1 1 *
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— N. Sept. Dec Mar.
'pining 8 . « r-n : :, 63%
losing 5 11% 6 Hi 6 3V4
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
■: nlng is 00 20 10
nosing 19 05 20 10
Flour—
hpcnlnc S3 20 2fi 45
iosinc ; 25 20 2C 40
♦— , *
California Fruit Sales.
&— i _— ft
CHICAGO, Sept. 2?.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit to-day: Grapes To
kays, 75c.\'?l 15 half crate; assorted, $1 05i32;
Morocco, iOcirJl 60; Muscat*, »-mc; Coral
chons, $120^1*0. Quinces —$1 i;.^i 20 box.
Peaches— Jl 05<il 20 box. Pears—"Win
ter Neilis. K<xoil 70 box; Glout Morceau, SI litfi
1 75: Beurre I'iel. $1 30@l GO; Victor. $1 2:><itl 40;
Early 8.. io^ifW 20: Beurri* Clalrgen.ua, }1 50©
1 SO box and SOfvjOc half box; d'Alencon, $1 40
box; Doyenne, $1 40; B. Barry, $1 15; Duches3
1160; Seedltoejß, iTTC3%I 05; Forella, $1 SO- De
Anjour, $2 20; Bartietts, tl ?.',ii2 20. Nine cars
sold to-<lay.
The Earl Fruit Fruit Company auctioned Cal;
forTila*fruit to-daj- at? follows:
BOSTON, Sept. 23.— Grapes— single
crates. »oc/'iJl 30. average 9Sc. Peaches— Sal
waym, boxes. $1 10$ lC 5. average $1 33. Prunes-
Italian, single cratea.. 80c©Jl 05, average %Sc
Three cant sold to-day. Favorable weather
CHICAGO. Kept. 29.— Peaches— toilway, boxes,
45««»1. averace S»c Prunes— lta]L-in,- ulngle
crates, BOOBSO. average S2c. Nine cars sold to
day. Cola axd cl«.Kly weather.
Chicago L<v. 'stock Mm hit.
CHICAGO, Sept. £S.--The demand for cattle
Traji klov to-day, as usual late la the . week,
THE SAN. FKAisCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1899.
and moderate supplies were disposed of at
rather weak prices. Good to choice cattle sold
at $3 T^iii 90; commoner grades, $4 40^5 60.
Stockers and feeders brought $3{?4 ST>; bulls,
COWS and heifers, $1 60<»;5 25; Texas steers, f:Str
4 10; rangers, S3 rt.'><yfi 10;" calves, $4<fJ7 40. ;
Th« better class of hogs were In fair demand
nt steady prices, but commoner grades were
weak and about So lower. Heavy hogs sold at
$4 i'".; 4 75; mixed lots, 54 10®4 82& and lights,
$4 50if?4 90; pigs brought $4 10if4 SO, and culls
$1 5054.
Sheep and lambs were in good demand at
slightly lower prices. Sheep sold at $2 2"<n v 425
for poor to choice. Yearlings brought $"i? 4 30.
Lambs sold at $3 7r>.''!:" 75, Western rangers
bringing $4 60@5 15.
Receipts— 26oo; hogs, 19,000; sheep,
cooo.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 29.— Clear! $275,
--431; balances, $12,912. .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. After many
months of lingering around 2Ss to 19? 24. the
Liverpool cargo market to-day crawled up to
80s. Foreign ship owners had bee,n \rm»tlng for
it and an advance in freight took up all of the
advance which might have resulted locally In
wheat. Quotations of 69@60c were out for
WaJla Walla. Valley is in poor demand at 60c.
Blue stem nominally, 60@61c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 2S.— Wheat, quiet and un
changed; club, 5014 c; blue stem, 6IVSC.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 29.— Consols, 104 1-16; silver,
27.1: wheat cargoes off coast, nothing doing;
onrgws on passage, sellers at advance of 3s Cd:
cargoes No. Standard California, Sis. .
' LIVERPOOL. Sept. WHEAT Firm: No.
1 standard California, 6s Sd@4a 2V->d: wheat in
Paris, steady; French country markets, quiet;
Weather In England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, "2 7-S2d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No, 1 California, 6s ldif?
6s 2d: No. 2 red Western winter, !>s.
CORN— Spot, firm.
Receipts of wheat for the pnst three days,
323,000 centals, Including 213.000 American; do
corn, 125,600 centals American. Weather tine.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 4S 45%
Fine Silver, per ounce » — 6S'.s
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHKAT — Thorp was incrc-asM activity on
call, with a further advance in futures on the
1 early calls, but the market subsequently fol
| lowed Chicago down. Spot prices were firm but
I hanged^
j Chicago opened tame, steady and featurp
j loss, with traders playing for a break. Offer
ings were moderate. Later on there was good
commission buying of May, with scalping anil
raiding of December. Holders were firm. Ar
gentina shipments were SOO. OOO bushels. Broom
hall cabled that war seemed Inevitable. It
was thought that Northwest stocks would In
increai -. '■. < buahela, as the movement
then? la not Increasing.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $106@107'^; milling,
$1 10(91 12V 2 . ■ ■
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session ■ :r-' o'clock— December—
fiCOO tls. *1 1."; 18,008, 1113%; M.OOO, $iI3VS; 12,
--iiCs ti IS-.,: 8000, fl IS%, May— 1000, $1 19%; 32*-
I 000, ■ lflVi-
Second Session December— 24,ooo ctla, (1 13%;
40GO 1113%; 14,000, $1 T3Vi- May— l2,o>W, 51 19Vi;
I 22.0d0; |1 \9%; KXOGO, M i9Vi.
Itosula-r Morning Session May— 4ooo ctls,
M 18%; 1000, SI !8H; «PO0» $1 IS: 4COO, Jl 17 7 . De
-1 cembc-r— 2fOf>, 51 12^; 30,000, $1 12; MOO, $111%.
I Afternoon Bess) ■ May— 2«!o ctls, M 18%; WOO,
I(1 IS. December— COOO. ■■ 12%; 2000, $112.
BARLEY— WhiIe there is not much doing
on ■]. th* feeling is firm and the spot mar
ket is strong In sympathy-. Sales are not heavy,
I however.
I Feed, 75@86ci Brewing-, 9e@Bße| Chevaliers
U-r. .1- . p«r ctl-.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 4ttl3 o'clcck — No aa'.ea-.
Second f J pf»p|nn — No sales-.
Regular Morning Bession— No sales.
Afternoon Session — December— 4CCo ctls, 8«Hc(
1 4WO, BT>4C! 18,000, Btc-, May— 8000, 87^0. Belle*
'«9k new— WK\ 86ct 8000, S5i 4 c; 4000, 86% ft
1 OATS mai-ket continues firm, but busi
neoe Is light-. Offerings are ample for all Im
mediate needs-. White-, »i OHM/ZBJ Red, n 0o«
1 12% i Black. Be%c@*l (814.
CORNr-Enstern le.rge Yr-llawj $1 05; White
and mixed. *1 02© 1 05 per ctl-.
RYE— ?O«?C«e l.er ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. .
Flour and Milhtuffs-.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60^3 7?,
usual termsj bakers extras, M 40*53 rot Oregon
and Washington, J3 40<!J3 50 per barrel for ex
tra. J3 2ii*r3 48 for takers' and $a aj@fl for su
. perfine-.
MILLSTUFFS— PrIoea In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
I Flour, 23 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour $2 76) Rye
Meal, $2 50: Rlee Flour-, fT: Cornmeal, 12 oOt ex
tra Cream Dornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 80<5'4 75-
Oat Groats, 84 75) Hominy, IS 2ufl3 Mi Buck
! wheat ri.mr. *AQ\ WSi Cracked Wheat, »3 75;
Farina, « .-.(): Whok Wheat Flour, *3 BOi Rolled
Oat 3 (barrelß), 18 r.n<at! Mi in sacks. J6 35©rt 7r,[
Pearl Barley, J3j Rpllt Peas, ?4 60t Creeil P«ie»
J3 per 109 lt»s-.
Hay and Feedstuff
The Hay market was Mocked again yester
day, an Indications of rain Impel farmer* to
{ rush In their uncovprcil stocks-. There wo? no
• decline, hut the feeling was very w^ak.. There
was no- change in .Feedstuff*-..
BRAN— SI 6 pO4?IT per ton,
MIDDLINGS- SO9IB 50 ppr ton.
FEEDSTUFF*— RoIIeiI Barley, $17 !W?IS per
ton; Oilcake Meal at th« mill, J27iji2S; jobbing,
t>B CO«M Cocoanut Cake, 00911! Cornmeal,
{23 384 50; Cracked Corn, fS4fi'23; Kllxed Feeil,
(1W1« 50; Cottonseed Meal, J2S per ton.
li AY— Wheat,' ?:'•;■. M for common to good
and %'Afi<\ 25 for cholc») Wheat and Oat Wfl
S; Oat. Tim) Barley. Ss9t; Inland Barley, $s5 j
"1 I<S; Alfalfa, ?'<i' ; 75 per ton; Comj>rei<««dL :
;.-. -*-; r,
STRAW— JC-€3se per bale. ...
Beans and Seeds.
Brar.s arc quoted firm and some changes Trill ;
' lx> a soon. TJ> ■> demand la nothing «>stia. Soeds !
i show no chanso and are dull.
BEANS — nn.vi.i«. $1 T^l SO; Small ■White,!
$2 lu<i;3 If; Lafga White. Jl 6*i« 75: Pinks, j
j *2 10-Q-2 IS: Reds, $4: Blackeye, JS 25itj'3 36; But
ters, nominal: Limns, $4 oEfi>4 15; Peas, $2 lea j
2 25: Red Kidneys, $2."* per ctl.
I SSKDS— Brown Mustard. I^i^So; Yellow I
, Mustard. l%9te; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
1 :;'v per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
j Alfaifa. nominal: Raj>e, 2U(fi3c; Hemp, 4@4iic:
] Timothy, 40 '■! '--••■
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. II 50©l 65; Green. fl 75
01 90 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions ami Vegetables.
Priors for everything remain about the same.
The market Is sufficiently supplied with all
descriptions.
POTATOES— Reds. 50-375 C; Early Rose.
ICNQUji . Burhankr. 40@63c per ctl: Salinas Bur
banks, 90cQd 10; Sweet Potatoes, ll^il 25 for
Rivers and $1 £0 for Merced.
ONIONS— per ctl; Pickle Onions. SO*?
75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3H<i?4c per lb;
i String Beans. 2<Mc; Lima Beans, lVi.<iT2^c;
I Cabbage, »ae0o; River Tomaioeu. 10^15c: Ala
meda Tomatoes, 15®25c; Egx Plant. 2V-i3sc;
' Oreen Okra, Sswfioe per box: JJrled Okra. 12V.C
per Jr.; Garlic. 2®3c; Green Peppers. 35<34Cc for
Chili and 35@400 per box for Bell; Carrots, 30'^
<0c p-?r nek: Bay Cacon*.i>en. 25<130c; Pickles.
I $'. 75 per rtl for No. 1 and Tie for No. 2; Sum
-1 mer Squash. 80Kc: Marrowfat Hquasb. JB®io
per ton; Green Corn. 2fV:?r/V per sack: 50c@Jl
j i»er crate for Alameda and 40@Mc for Berkeley, i
: Poultry and Game.
"With the exertion of Turkeys, which are
weak, the C«n«ral tone In Poultry is firm,
st'x'lu! being m'«l«rat3. , Game continues high.
POULTRY— Tartceys, tMH*> for Gob
lers and l.i^.lCc for BeOS; Young Turkeys, 17$.
i" . Oetac.- pei pair, $1 7992; <i<i!!lns». ji 70Q2;
Duck*. J4(QS for old andi|sS<*Eo for young;
H«n«, |4«(9iaoj Young Roosters, $4 So®3 50:
old Roosters, $4 50©5: Fryers; $4; , Broilers.
S3 25Ci3 50 foe large, $2 73©3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 L'"'Tl 00 per dozen for old and ; Jl/o@2 for
Squalis. • ._,
GAME— Doves, $12' i per dozen; Grouse, ;
Sage Hens, ; Mountain Quail, »5; Hare.
$1 25@1 50; Rabbits, .$1 .'0; Gray Geese, ;
Jack Snipe, per dozen
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There are no further changes In anything.
Fine Butter la steady, and some dealers quote
it firm. Eggs sell at full figures without dif
ficulty. Cheese remains steady,
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 25c. with
specials at 2Cc: seconds, 23@24c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22%<g:23c; good to choice, 21®
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 21@21>ic; firkin, 20; creamery
tub. 21 I s<s'22V c per lb.
Eastern, l7V4c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. lie: old. 10@
10Ho; Young America, 11011 Vie; Eastern, 14©
15c " ■"'. ■- '■-*■
EGGS— Quoted at 21<S25c for. store and 2S@
32^c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 22^<@25c for
selected. &©»> for No. 1 and 17@2Uc for sec
onds. '■'■*•
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Peaches and Plums are very firm, being j
I scarce. Vexey few Peaches are seen . now. j
Grapes of nil kinds remain unchanged. In
fact, the whole market is featureless.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Apples. Ss®6oc.D«r box for common and 750
f??$l 25 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $4@5 per chest:
Strawberries, $7@B per chest for small and $1 75
©3 for large berries; Raspberries, ?3@4 per
chest; Huckleberries, s@7c per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries. $7 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran-
Gr i a pe ?S iysc per box for Sweetwater. 25®
40c for Black, 2&8&OC for Muscat. 20@40c for
Tokay 60®6Sc for Seedless, <o@soc for Coral
chonand Ss®4Oc for Isabellas: crates sell 10<i»loo
i hi.'"-? Vine Grapes. J2l(S t 25 per ton for
| Zinfandel and »17©*0 for w hlte.
Watermelons, $5® 15 per 100.
| Cantaloupes, 73c'<j$1 25 per crate; Nutmegs.
25(5 50c per box.
Pomegranates— 3. r^fsOc per box.
Pears? Bartlett, *l 25©1 50 per box; Winter
Penrs. 40©75 c per box.
Figs. BB@sOc per box for double layers of
black; white are nominal.
Peaches and C^run s, bO 4Oc( S$ l per box' a^d
Plums and Prunes, 40c@$l per box and
crate. . .
Ouinces, 80®50c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS - Lemons, $102 for com
mon and $3®4 for good to choice: Mexican
Lllnes ; California Limes, $I@l 25. Ba
nanas, 50@2 60 per bunch; Pineapples, *1@
2 50 per dozen. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Later advices from New York say that the
export movement in Prunes mentioned yester
day has been greatly exaggerated, though large
ealee have been made on this account. It is .
further said that Western dealers have sold j
short and are now at some pains to cover.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks, s*c for 40-50's. 444 c. for 50-80's. 3* c for j
60-70 # B 3K3VLC for 70-80' s. 3©3Hc for 80-90' s and
2W.fi io for 98-100's: Apricots, 10®llC for Roy
als. 14@15c for Moorparks and 12@12Vic for Blen
heims: Peaches, 4Vi@sc for Standards sV4®6c \
: for choice and 6V4@7c for fancy: peeled Peaches,
lOffillc; Evaporated Apples, 6<fib^c; Sun-dried. i
405 c per lb; Nectarines, 7<*®Sc per lb for i
I red and B@Bc for white; Pears, s{f«c for quar- ;
ters and 7' ••■.•.■■• for halves; Black Figs, 3c:
' White Figs'. 6^6V4c; Plums. CVjQtic for dark and
! 7©'7% c for bleached.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson Fancy, per
' lb 10c- choice 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un-
I bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-;
I Fancy per lb. SHe; choice, die: standard, 6V4c; ,
1 prime' Bcj unbleached Sultana*. Be; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, Be 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown 6c; *-crown, 6%e; London Layers, 2
crown '$1 50 per box! 3-crown, II 60. Fancy
Clusters $2: Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points In
; California. „,,'•■*' , j
NUTS Walnuts, new crop, g%c for standards ■
and 89ie tor toftsbelli Almonds, 10V4@llH e for |
paper-shell, S@3c for soft and 4£fsc for hard
! shell- Peanuts, 5%@8%c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts.' S'.i'd'.ic: Filberts, ll&llttc; Pecans, 7V4®Bc;
Cocoaliuts, M 50@5.
HONEY- Comb, ll%c for bright and 10% C for
; light amber; water white extracted, 7U@7 1 ,4e;
; light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, D^io per
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— 9c per lb for heavy, !
P%f?loe for light medium, ll'^c for light. 13c for
j extra light and 13 ! ,£c for sugar-cured i Eastern
■ sugar-cured Hams, 1314 c; California Hams, ISe; ;
Mccc Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess. $12 50; Fam- j
ily $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 60; extra clear,
$16' •""; mess, »15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per IK
LARD Tierces quoted at 6'SG^c per lb for j
compound and 7'4c for pure; half barrels, pure,
Sc; id I] t'.is. >--,! ; 6-lb tins, '.'<•■
COTTOLENB Tierces, . 676577 per lb.
Hides, Tallow; Wool and Hops. j
HIDES AND 'SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
! abi it lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lie; medium. 10'fcc: light, 10c; Cow
hides. 9H9loc{ Stags, Cc; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
iOci Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands,
13c: Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearling?, 20<&30c each; short
Woof Su'frfiOc each: medium. 70®98cj long Wool,
90c(S$l 1" each; Horse Hides, salt, ?2'.j2 25 for
large md $1 20©1 50 for small Colts, 25tiu0ci
TALLOW— No. l rendered, 4 1 AiS?Dc per ll>; No.
2, ■:■.■: refined, 1 grease, 2<i?2'ic.
WOOt— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17©18 ci
Eastern Oregon, 12<?14c for choice and llUo
: for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San .Toaquln Lambs, B@loet dtj
plains, "fife i San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain. 7V»^Sc; Northern ffre t 9<<!He; do, de
fective. i'A'flPc per lb.
HOPS— at 18©12 c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Mutton is quoted a fraction firmer* but all I
other descriptions remain unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers! ■ j
BEEF— 7©7l4e per lb for Steers and 6M><97c \
for Cows,
S VEAL -7®loc per lb.
MUTTON— 7@7%ct Ewee, 6H«r"c
per lb,
LAMB— Spring. B<9BUq per lb.
PORK— Hogs, BH®f%e fnr small, 5?40
for medium and ">'iO for large; stock hi,R« and
Feeders, B'/icj dressed Ho»rs, 7@B^c l
General Merchandise.
BAOR— Calcutta Grain Bag*, 707Uc; Wool
Baa . 2S«t2Sci Fruit Bags, r> l 4 0, ">Hc ami Cc for
the three grades ef white and 7®7V4<5 for
bleached jutei . ; ,v.r" ■'
COAL— Wellington, IS per ton; New Welling
ton, |8j Seuthfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
50; Bryant, Xj Coos Bay, $3; Wallsend, 17 50;
Scotch, $8} Cumberland. $0 50 In bulk and $10 75
in packs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Canned f s per ton! Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, fT 60) Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks,
Harrison's cicular says: "During the week
there have been six deliveries of coal from
Washington, 18.180 tons; two from Oregon, 691 ;
tone; three from British Columbia, 11,198 tons;
live from Great Britain, 15.793 tons; one from
Philadelphia, WOO tons; one from Australia,
2736 tons; total, 50,261 tons. The above large arri
vals have come to hand most opportunely, and
proved to be just the character of coals most
needed, as Welsh Anthracite whs sadly wanted j
and the yards wen bare of Wellington; one j
cargo of Cardiff was Imported directly by the I
Navy Department to fill special requirements; |
: they have two others to follow. We cannot look j
for a repetition of foreign arrivals for
months to come, as most of the overdue ships |
are now here at anchor. The cargo of the !
new oullier T'Miua, due here to-morrow, was
loaded at Oyster Harbor, B. C. The agents
here say the coal will prove to be a duplicate
•of the old Wellington coal. If so, it will find
| very ready sale.. Freignt rates from Australia
: and England remain high, thus protecting our
coast collerles in (sustaining high values for at
j least six months to come.
"If the Honolulu demand would ease off a
i little, we might draw more liberally from Aus
i tralia for local demand; the writer thinks the
1 big rush to secure coal vessels for the Ha
; waiian trade must subside shortly. .Jobbers
trade In the city Is reported brisk, at fair
prices, with a crowing demand."
RlCE— Prices are lower. China mixed, $3 6r>ifJl
3 70; China No. 1, $4 40-fT-l 80; extra do, $190©
5 20: Hawaiian. $s<Sfs 50; Japan, $4 20<g>4 80;
Louisiana. ire??. . '
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany uuote:'. terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed .and Fine Crushed; 5%c; Pow
dered, o%c: Cjbdy Grandulated, sc; Dry Qran
ulatod. 4%c; Confectioners'- A, 4%c; California
A, — ; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C. 4 Vic: barrels, 1-lCc more; half barrels, Vie
more; bosraa, V4c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes,
s*4c per lb.
WlXE— Shipment of 178,655 gallons, valued at
$49,695. to New York.
CANNED SALMON— Shipment of 15,980 cases,
valued at $C 4,205. to New York.
Receipts of Produce.
. ■ FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 29. ■
1 Flour, qr pics . 8.230 Sugar, bbls 4,565
Wheat, ct15.....:. 1,.'50 Lime. bbls... '647
Barley, ct15...... 17.105 Quicksilver, flsks 24
! Oats ctls 2,450 Wine, pals 25,400
i Tallow, ctls 36iEgg-p, 'doz .4,830
Butter, ctls 114! Leather, r0115.... 131
; Cheese ctls 107 Hides. No ." 443
Beans, ska I.o9oipelts, bdls 467
Potatoes, ska 3,213 i Shorts, sks ....... 25
Onions, sks 8671W001, bass ...394
Bran, ska... 61? Hops, bales SO
! Middlings, sks — 945 Hay, tons 875
1 Sugar, ak5. ....... J.Boo', ..
OREGON.
Flour, qr «k» 1,040 Wool, bales 181
Bran, ska 440! .
;?;;:. WASHINGTON;,',.
i Flour qr sk* 3, 2 10 1 Mustard Bd, ska. 338
1 Oats, .ct15......... I.SOOJ
Family Retail Market.
Eggs are drarer again. Butter and Cheese
stand the same.
Meatß are quoted as before, and there are no
signs that they will become any cheacer at
present. Poultry also stands about the same
as usual. The Game season will open on the
Ist.
The summer fruits are growing scarcer and
mo«t of them will disappear during the next
two or three weeks. Peaches are already going
out and Plums are scarcer. Supplies of Ber
ries, too, are steadily diminishing.
Summer Vegetables are not as plentiful, with
the exception of Tomatoes, which have been in
enormous supply and very cheap for several
weeks.
The following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Connel $ ©10 00 ' Castle Gate ..$9 00®
Wellington . @1O 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington @9 50
ton QlO 00 Coos Bay @7 00
Seattle 8 00®
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per [Common Eggs 25(7727
square 50#55 Ranch Ekks, per
L>o, per roll 4.W.V) dozen ..35®40
Do, good 46f(j'— Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal — #15 pound 12^15
Cheese, Eastern.. 17®20 Do, extracted....— (wld
Cheese, Swiss 20@25|
Meats, ocr lb—
Bacon 12@17Pork, fresh 15@20
Beef, choice IS*?2O Pork, salt 12©lfi
Do. Kood 10015 Pork Chops 15018
Corned Beef — /ffilO .Round Steak 10®12
Hum, Cal., — #15 Sirloin Ste-ak 15@—
Do, Eastern . .17%$— Porterhouse, d0...20®86
Lard 12«15 Smoked Beef ....12016
Mutton 10{yl5 Pork Sausages..l2H@2o
Lnmh 13@15lVeaI 15©20
Poultry and Game—
Hens, each "... *60QtttGeese, each..Jl 2.vgi 50
Young Roosters, Pißeons, pair 40@60
each 60(g;75 liabblts, pair ....— (g4o
Old Roosters, ea.. 50^65 Hare, each — 'i 720
Fryers, each — igSO Doves, per dor $1 50
Broilers, c-uch 3. r .'y 4o Oruuse, per pair..— ®—
Turkeys, per 1b... 20^20 Page Hens, pair...— iff—
Ducks, each 50@86!Mt. Quail, per dz.s« 00
Fruits and Nutsj —
Almonds, lb 15@20iLimes, p<>r d0z. ..16320
Apples 4® 6 'Pears, per lb 60 8
Bananas, doz 20@26 1 Peaches, per lb.. BQ B
Blackberries, per iPlu;ns, per lb 6@ 6
drawer SOO4O I Raisins, lb SiJflO
Cantaloupes, ea . . . io^t'2o Raspborrif-s, per
Cranberries. qt.-..12@1?.| drawer 30(5"40
Nutmeg Melons... 6010 Strawberries, per
Figs, per !b 5® 61 drawer 2."ff. r >o
Grapes, per lb 4ff 6 -Walnuts, lb 12015
Hucklebeiries, lb 10^12 jWatermelons, ea..10@25
Lemons, doz 20(f('2i I
Vegetables —
Artichokes, d 05. ..25060 Lentils, lb .' 6<3> 8
Beets, dos 12!& 15 Lettuce, doz 15@—
Beans, white, lb.. 44? 5 Onions, !h 2@ 3
Colored, lb 4$ 0 Peppers, green, lb f>@ 6
Lima, lb g| Potatoes, lb 3@ 5
Cabbage, each ... s®lo Sweet Potatoes... 3@ 4
Cauliflowers, each 5/alo i Parsnips, doz ....15@ —
Celery, bunch ... s'<7> — I Radishes, dz bchslO@l2
Cucumbers, doz... 10^12 Sage, doz bn0h5.. .25086
Crees, doa bnchs. 2oo3s String Beans, lb. 5@ 6
Egg Plant, per lb '■■'-. Summer Squash,
Green Corn, per | per lb .' — 5
dozen 10^25 'Thyme, lb 20^30
Green Okra. Pr lb. 4'vi 6 Turnips, doz 10016
Green Peas, 1b... 5@ 6 1 Tomatoes, lb ...... 4@ 5
Fish, per lb—
Barracuda .• 150— 1 Shrimps B@lo
Carp -^i?l2'Phad — (g l —
Codfish 12@lCiSea Bass —(§l2
Flounders 10@12 Smelts —©IS
Halibut 15ifi'2ui Soles 12015
Herring (if— 1 Ska tes, each 100—
Kin^fish 12@15 Tomcod — Si 15
Mackerel — (s"— Clams, gal SO©—
Do. Horse —^I^|l3o hardshell, ion. 1.-0
Perch — 012 Crabs, each 10©15
Ppmparib (a — 1'" softshell, d0z.25@35
Rocktlsh — <Sli Mussels, qt 10012
Salmon, smoked.. 2o® Oysters, Cal, 100..?0@50
Salmon, fresh .... — @ — Do, Eastern, doz.2sffj4o
THE STOCK MARKET.
Th«rc was not much life to securities on the
mornliiK session. Gas and Electrio was weaker
at $66, and Giant Powder advanced to $78 25.
On the afternoon call Giant Powder ran up
to $79 50 under active sales, and Gas and Elec
tric declined to $65 60. Bank of California sold
up to $257 50.
Mining stocks were rather weaker. The tele
gram from the pump said: "No 1 elevator has
been running since last report 14 hours and 20
minutes. The water Is 24 feet 9 Inches below
the 1950-foot level station. No. 2 elevator and
columns were raised to the 1950-foot level at
5 p. m. yesterday. The Interior of the throat
piece was found to have been roughened and
the discharge was impeded. A new casting Is
required."
On Mdtiday, th« regular monthly dividends
of the Oceanic Steamship Company ;i id the San
Francisco Gas and Electric • Company will be
paid, the former at the rate of SO cents per
share, and the latter at the rate of 42 cents
per share.
Four California Quicksilver mines will pay
dividends on Monday as follows: Aetna, lfic
per share; Boston, 10c; Napa Consolidated, 30c,
and New Idria, SOc per share. This is the first
by the Boston.
The Market-street Railway Company has de
clared a quarterly dividend of 600 per share,
payable October 10.
The usual quarterly dividend of the Sutter
street Railway Company will be paid next
month.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Sept. 29—2 p. m.
Bid. Auk. j em A
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 16% 16
<s quar coup.. 113% — OG L & H... 49 50
Is quar reR.... — — PRO Gas Imp. (J. , —
<< |uar new... — I*l*l Pao LCo 41 41^
3s quar coup.. — 109 8F O & 8... «5 65%
Miscellaneous— Ban Fran — 394
Cal-ct Cab 85.11«V4 — Stockton Gas .. IS —
C 0 Wat Gs..IMSJ*IO9V4 Insurance—
ted L&' V »i»..13» — Flrem's Fund. 225 —
V & Cl Ry Gb.114 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 A.ngl<*-Ca] ... R)S _
H C * S BHB.IO7V*, — Bank" of Ca1...256 —
L A Ry 0*....105%— Cal s L) .**T.. — y»
L. A LCo 65.. JJ — I'lrst Natlonl.. — 245
Do gntd 65.. 99 — Lon 1' * A....128Mi —
Do gntd. Cs.. — 100 Mer Exchange - I*
L. A & P R Be. 103 104V4 Nev Nat 8k..153 ISS
Uitrket-st •>«... IHISV4 — >«vtnK» lianKs—
Do Ist M 55. 115 116V4 Ger S & L...]« 50 —
NCN G X 7s. 1U — Hum S & L..1080 1160
NR or Cal fis.ll4 — Mm Say 13k. — 42%
N-R of Cal Ss.llßU — :.S F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R X 65.10R 10S Say & L Ho. — 82V4
NPC R R ss. 106% — Sec Say Bk. — 310
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Union T C 0.1400 1440
O.G L& II 55.109V4H014 Street Kallroadß—
Oak Trans Cs.lU 112 California ....121 —
Ul.l C Hy tf9...iz«( lav- i^arv 11 _
i" & CI Ry fs.Wit - Market-st C3»4 —
Pk *O Ry Bs. 115 — Oak SL& H. — 50
Powell-Ft R6S.IIS — '» Presidio 17 —
Ra^ TCI ■ G*R5» — — 1-owoer — r ■■>'.
»F* N P .*s.ll3mi4 California ....150 165
8F & S JVs*.llCVi — X Dvnnmtte... rr —
.- ny "I Cxi ns.ii.su, — Ola,nt Con Co.. 79»i 79%
S P of A «».... — 113% ! Vlgorit 2% —
S P C 65(190r>).110V4 — ! Miiiar-
S P C 88(1904). U2^4U4% 1 Hana P C 0.... 14W 14*1
SP C 6»(1912) — Haw C&S Co 96V1 99
H >' .c Is. eg r.s. 1 •'■<»4 - ;Honokaa S Co. 36 —
SVBr Cs 125 — Hutch S P Co. 30 SOU
8 V Wat 65. ..114 115 Kilauea S Co.. — 31)
; h V Wat 4« .104 — Makaweli SC. 49»4 —
S V W 4s(3dm>lfil'4ini\i|Onomea S Co. 39% 40
Btktn Gas 65.. 104 104% Paahau S Co. 37 38
\' ater blocks— MisrHiinnfuiiS ■
Contra Costa.. 72% 734 Al Pac A55n..117%118
... rnunty. 50 - \ir-r h,x ' ---n . ",--.
Spring Valley. — 101%; Oceanic S Co.. 83 89
...... anu Klectric— . |Pac A F A.... 1% —
Central Gas Co — — Pac C Bor C 0.142%. 142% —
.rr-nt 1. & P.. F.U, fi% t'*, nil ,i co . »Z —
Kqult G L Co. 6% 7 I
Morning Session.
Board— !
125 Equitable Gas .' 8 00
15 Giant Powder Con -. 77 37%
25 Giant Powder Con ....* 77 62%
10 Giant Powder Con -. 77 57%
_40 Giant Powder Con 78 25
'10 Giant Powder Con 78 00
10 Giant Powder Con s 90 ; 78 00
300 Honokaa Sugar Co 35 00
190 Makawell Sugar Co .-. 49 37%
£0 Mutual Electric Light Co 16 00
$1000 Oakland Transit Co Cs .' 11l 50
100 Onomea Sugar Co ' 39 50
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 00
70 Spring Valley Water ....101 &0
10 Spring Valley Water, cash ...101 50
$1000 Spring Valley Water 4s 3d mortg.,.lol 50 ;
Street—
■ 90 Hana Plantation Co 14 C 2%
650 Honokaa Sugar Co.. 35 00 "
Afternoon Session.
Board —
3S Bank of California s 287 50
25 Equitable Gas c 12Vi
200 Equitable Gas C 50 "
25 Giant Powder Con 78 50
5 Giant Powder Con .., 78 62%
50 Giant Powder Con 78 75
20 Giant Powder Con 78 57%
50 Giant Powder Con :.".. ;.... 79 00
' 40 Giant Powder Con b 5 79 00
40 Giant Powder Con 79^
5 Giant Powder Con 79 37%
525S 25 Giant Powder Con s9O 79 37%
55 Giant Powder Con 7:1 50
35 Hana Plantation Co .:..../. '..14 50
4.'0 Honokaa Sugar Co ..35 00
. 50 Mutual Electric Light Co 16 00
10 8 F Gas & Electric. Co. 6f, 50
5 Spring Valley Water 101 SO
25 Vlgorlt Powdec ... 2 62%"
Street—
$4000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R bonds 103 50
$2000 Oakland Gas bonds. 109 00
$11,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 1 11l 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
,/ ■■•'"' Morning Sssslon.
• Board— ■
10 Contra Costa Water 72 50
50 Contra Costa- Water 72 «2% I
- 230 Equitable Gap 5 37%
50 Hawaiian Commercial 96 CO
- 150 Honokaa Sugar Co ....'. 35 00
16000 8 F & N P Ky :.s 113 62%
100 S F Gas & Electric s 90 65 75
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 89 00
100 Vißorit Powder 2 87^
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Giant Powder Con 78 12%
10 Giant Powder Con 78 25
100 Equitable Gas 6 12%
150 Equitable Gas 6 2o
20 Hana Plantation 14 S7V4
15 Hutchinson Sugar Co- 30 50
20 Oakland Gas , 49 00
50 Mutual Electric Co 16 25
B0 Mutual Electric Co 16 12%
40 Onomea Sugar Co 39 37%
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 65 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 87 100 Mexican 37
50 Caledonia 8S 100 Ophlr 100
100 Caledonia -SB I"'") Overman 36
100 Choi lar 42 60*) Overman 34
200 Exchequer 02 ■ 100 Sierra Nevada. 70
100 Gould & Curry. 22 100 Utah 14
500 Justice 09 |
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 12 ■ .'Oil Overman 27
150 Caledonia So| 700 Overman 2fi
100 Cfiollar 42: 100 Savage 2fi
200 Overman 2:ii ?.O Sierra Nevada. 68
200 Overman 28 1 50 Utah 12
Following were the sales In the Pacinc Stock
Board yesterday:'
Morning Session.
200 Con Cal & V.I 52% 1 1700 Overman 31
300 Gould & Curry. '23! 4W Overman 32
' 200 Gould & Curry. 22 \ 200 Overman 30
200 Mexican ........ 37i ion Potosi 55
200 Overman 33! 300 Sierra Nevada. 69
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher' 2*5 400 Overman 28
200 Caledonia 78 800 Overman 23
l«0 Chollar .». 41 400 Overman 24
600 Con Cal & V.I 52% 500 Overman 23
200 Mexican 37 200 Potosi 55
100 Ophir .'lO5 200 Potosl 54
2900 Overman 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, September 29 — 4 p. m. |
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06' Justice 08 09-
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 04 06
Andes 11 .13 Lady Wash <n 02
Belcher 24 26 Mexican 36 38
Best & Belcher. 38 U!i Occidental 22 25
Bullion 04 0« Ophlr 1001 05 |
Caledonia' — T> Overman 21 23
Chollar ..." 41 42-Potos! rt 56
Challenge Con.. SO 3H Savage .' 25 27
Confidence 70 75 ! Scorpion 02 —
Con <^"al & Va..l 50 1 55|Seg Belcher 05 06
Con Imperial... — • 02 ; Pierra Nevada. 6S 69
Crown Point... IS 13 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 03 Standard 325 —
B Sierra Nev... 02 —Syndicate 05 —
Eureka Con — r.o St Louis 07 —
Exchequer oi 02 Union Con 37 39
Gould & Curry. 22 23 Utah 13 14
Hnle & Norcrs. 30 31 Yellow Jacket.. Z* 30
Julia — 03
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Frundsco. Cal.,
September 29, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U S. N., in charpe.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published hy official au
thority of the Superintendent.
X( iTE-The high and low waters cccur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 30.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tiles are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column givc-s the second fide of
th^ Iny. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives t!.e
last tide of the day. except when there are but
tlirw- tides, ns sometimes occur. The heights
Klven are in addition to the soundings on the
Vnited States Coast Survey charts, except
nlun a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL
Shipping Intelligence.
« — •
: : : -' * ARRIVED."
Friday, September 29.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 68 hours from
Grays Harbor. ."■: :.'.
' Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Hall, 64 hours from San Diego,
etc.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Brass*
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendoclno. ■;"; W
Stmr Queen. Jepsen, 58 hours from Victoria
and Pucet Sound ports.
Stmr Tillamook, Anflndsen, 48 hours from
Santa Barbara.
U S stmr Badger, Miller, 3S hours from San
Diego.
Br ship FalrDort, Armstrong, 9 days from
Port Townsend.
Schr Webfoot, Mercer, 6 days from Columbia
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
ReyeS -- CLEARED.
Friday, September 23.
Br stmr Coptic, Ruinder, Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu: O & O S S Co.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanaimo;
John Rosenfeld'S Sons.
Schr .1 M Colman, Murchison, Santa Rosalia;
F Santallier.
SAILED.
Friday," September 29.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow. San Pedro.
Stmr George I.oomls, Brldgett, Ventura,
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. — —
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, -.
stmr Aberdeen, Peterson, Astoria.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, San Pedro.
Stmr.Ginsy, Iceland, -Santa' Cru*.-
Stmr Westoort. Peterson, Usal.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hall, Coos Bay.
Stmr Navarro, Hlggins, Rockpurt, with schr
Newark in tow.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, Tacoma.
US stmr Adams, Goodwin, Seattle.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanaimo
Hr stmr Coptic, Rlnder, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Mary Buhno, Krebs, Eureka.
. Schr Newark. Beck, Usal, in tow of Btmr
Navarro. -
Schr Conflanza, Christiansen, Coquille River.
AUCTION SALES*
fcDWARO S. SPEAR & CO,, 1
Auctioneers.... 3l-33 Sutter St.; T.el., Main 510.
Billiard and Pool Tables
AT AUCTION,
THIS DAY,
SATURDAY riER 30. 18»
At 12 o'clock, in
We will sell, by order of the n anager of thS
California- Hotel (on account of changing the*
Billiard Hull Into a Banquet
THREE CAROM BILLIARD . ,i. ;.-■ anl
TWO POOL TABLES, COMPLfcIT with BallJ
Cues, Racks, etc. Tables n-. , !ion jgg
our salesrooms
EDWARD S. SBEAR & CO
Auctioneers. 31 and 3:: Sutter st.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 29. 10 p m— Weather *->
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Aug — off Cape St John (Staten Island)— gl
Br ship Arctic Stream, from Hamburg, for p
Port Los Angeles. :.. : .
MEMORANDUM. " I
Per stmr Tillamook, from Santa Barbara- f ;
Sept 29, off Pigeon- Point, passed through a lot l
of piles. • " ' - 1
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Al-Kl. fro. %
Dyea; stmr Excelsior, from Sitka. .. J
Sailed Sept 29— Bark German!*, for San Fran- i
Cisco; stmr Cottage City, for Dyea.
WHATCOM— Sept 2S— Bchr Orient,
from Port Towns#nd. Sept 29— Schr Esther
Buhne, from Honolulu.
SANTA CRUZ— Sept 29— U S stmr ■
Badger, from San Diego, and sailed for Saa
I Francisco. *?§&
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept 23—
Schr Ocean Spray, hence Sept 27.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Sept 28— Bark
Prussia, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 2S— Stmr Washtenaw.
j hence Sent 25.
Sailed Sept 28— Ship Occidental, for Honolulu. "
I PORT GAMBLE— Sept- Schr Noko
mis. for Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Sept 29— Haw
ship Star of Russia, from Port Gamble, for
Algoa Bay. i:f: .
! " COOS BAY— Bar bound Sept 29— Stmr Em
j pire.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Co
quille River, for San Francisco; stmr Sunol,
for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed Sept 2*-Schr
Glen, for Grays Harbor.
FORT. BRAGG— Arrived Sept Stmr Se
quoia, hence Sept 28.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Sept 29— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Sept Bark Northern,
Light, for .
USAL— Sailed Sept Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco. :,•-..
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept Ptmr City of Rio
de Janeiro, hence Sept 2fi: Nor stmr Guernsey,
from Bombay: Br stmr Sikh, hence Sept 27.
Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Si-nal. for San Fran-
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Sept 29— Br ship Port
Logan, for Oregon; I!r stmr Carmarthenshire,
for Yokohama.
CAPE NOME— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Lakme,
from Seattle.
UNALASKA— Arrived Sept 17— Strnr Roanoke.
from Seattle.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 29— Stmr Weeott, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 2S— Ship I F Chap
man, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NORDENHAM— SaiIed Sept 25— Br ship Lord!
Templeton, for Shields.
COLON— Sailed Sept 27— Stmr Finance, for
New York.
CASTLETON HEADS— Passed up Sept 29— '
Br ship Marechal Suchet, from Portland, for
Queenstowri. .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 29— Br ship
Brenda, hence May 16.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. __
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 19— Stmr Pretoria",
■from New York, via Plymouth: stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, via Cherbourg and
Southampton. •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Cym
ric, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 2S— Stmr Ethiopia, .
from Glasgow. -
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
', k^ Steamers leave Broadway
iVlWNfc— . wharf. San Francisco.
5 Me^jShsk For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
' 1 BHH?»3Btt*& September IS, 23, 28, October
a EwTfH^^^ 2 - 'change at Seattle.
8 IHesSR 'MS Fur Victoria, Vancouver
. yv^«««al (B. C), Port Townsend. Se-
IP^lBlBiH ' attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
** "**^6^S& cortes and New Whatcotn.
, . (Wash.), 10 a. m., September
IS. 23, 28. October 3, . and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
1 to this company's steamers for Alaska and
0. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to Is. P. Ry.; at Van-
For r Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Sep-
• ! tember 16. 21. 26. October 1. and every fifth da/
1! t For" Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.-
-: j Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
1 ' San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
■ Newport, 9 a. m., September jr. 21. 25. 29. Oc-
! tober 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
• For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-'
' ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m Sect em ber 15. 19. 23. 27, October 1. and
every fourth day thereafter. -
For Fnsenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. , L m .m
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the I'eht to change
• without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of' sflllnp-.
XICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ■ ..■■ "-V •.." ??--:
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
m r. &H. Co.
' DISPATCH FAST BTE>MKRS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
Pane $12 First Class Including Berta
tHIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5. 15. 25: Oct. 5. 15. 25
COLUMBIA sMls ..Sept. 10, 20. 30; Oct. 10, 20, 30
• Short Line t,- Walla Walla, Spokane, Bmtte.
Helena and ah points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to ail points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent. '
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
• * -.» Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
. Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. %
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
I New York Oct. 4 New York Oct. 25
I St. Louis . ...Oct. 11 St. Louis Nov. I
6t. Paul Oct. IS St. Paul Nov. 8
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. •
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland Oct. 41 Kensington Oct. 25
Southwark Oct. 11 Nordland Nov. 1.
I Westernjand ....Oct. 18|Frieeland Nov. i
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding frelg'.it and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO XISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
nor First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
1 for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
I India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
■ of sailing.
■■ AMERICA-MARU ..Saturday, Oct. 14
i HONGKONG- Wednesday. November 1
I NIPPON-MARU Saturday, November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
I freight and passage apply at company's office,
I 421 Market street, corner First. ;
■ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
fSIKBrBIMRA Wednesday, October
vla Honolulu and
i Ea * Auckland for Sydney
g }. Wednesday, October
rL/'t/N 4, at 8 / L S? Ai*tralU
Sf&nMinc) The S " S. -Australia
CylWllUlllU^ sails for Honolulu
/orfiFiaWU- Wednesday. October
, . . V-litEill!U.r IS. at 2 p. m. '
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc. $610 first class.
1. U. isfMECKELS it Salts. CO.. Ants.. il4 Montgomery
' Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight 0ff1ce.327 Market St.
compaqnie gen*;rale TRANBATLANTIQUE.
i direct LINK to havre-paris. ..-,.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <£ 4 iT* >
: from Pier 42, North River, foot of »>**««*
i Morton st. LA TOURAINE. Sept. 30; LA
NORMANDIE, Oct. 7: LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct
14; LA GASCOGNE, Oct. 21; LA BRETAGNE.
Oct. 28. First-class to Havre, $60 and up-
! ward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $4.1 . in per. cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Br*ad-J
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mmt-
gomery avp.. San Francisco. _
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOB U, S. NAVY-YARuirVALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 5:43
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nisht). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street ]-»clt.
j FARE' 2 * Telephone Main i; 08. OoALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DEATH SHATTERS BLIND
PHILOSOPHER'S HOPES
CECIL HEiSRY SMITH.
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— Cecil Henry Smith, the post-graduate student :n .
philos ■ te 'University, who died of hemorrhage of the lungs <
at his lodgi ! ■ iy, Berkeley, yesterday, was the young- -
esl son of th-- late G. Frank Smith, formerly one of the foremost attar- '
neys of Ban Frai Isco, who was prominently identified in the famous Hopkins *
He was a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years, and al- .
though deprived of hi* slg I -ars by sickness, made almost <
■ . : tcational Hi
Indeed, his great Btrug^le for >ducatlonal attainments, though backed by *
a marveloui I Intellect, proved too much tor hi:-- weak body. Back in '
• ad ! 'vm 1 ' an. i Blind. Th«n he (
university at Berkeley, but the climate necessitated a change of
•■ ■ • . ■ luated in I -:izant
of thi ' ' ■ >ua mind left him by his father, and deter- ,
to follow In the latter's : Cecil next entered Harvard to pur- .
• ir. law, but again thi climate frustrated hia ■ •. he de
cided upon • keley, there to make philosophy the .
major ;<-. While a student there he had a reader regularly em- -
ploj ed, and bell tamed id read
ily. He was a r tk par! in an intercollegiate debate. <
On lasi ' ; ■ ' idnesday he fell I i
<hiv i 1 ■ ■ To-nltfrrow afterno m tH< funeral will take place •
from the i ' ' Filbert .-trcL-t, this "
city. '
Deceased was a brother also of Mrs. Charlemagne Tower, wife f >f the Em- J
lor to Russia, and of Mrs. i Pratt of Alameda, Mrs. Frederick ,
Garrick of New York and Percy and Hertx rt Smith of Central America.
MARRIAGE CEREMONY
IN A SHOESTORE
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— Robert L, isourke
and Miss Can • b aged -1
a:>\ residing In S;.m Francisco, dem
onstrated to-day the truth of that a
"where there's lov< way." be
sides the fact that the nuptial knot can
be tied just as securely in a place where
boots and shoes arc fitted as before a
church altar or in a parlor of the bride's
parents or on a tui . lit on
the high sens. Th.- couple called with
Miss Isaacs' mother this afternoon at
County Clerk Jordan's office and B*
a marriage license. hastened
out and B r Van de Mark,
a 1>- i] . who i
a'regularly licensed minister. It was 5
bad knocked off
work for the flay, bui he was sighted
and prevailed upon to officiate. Thi par
on Broadway, near Eighth sti
the knot was ti>il. Mr. Jurgens and Jerry
as win..
Man Issued to
the following: William . [anna,
aged 22 years, and Am,;.
years; Harry Archil. ears,
and J ' 11, 23 years, all
of San i •
■ ♦ ■
FELL THREE STORIES
IN AN OLD ELEVATOR
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.-Frank Everett,
elevator man at the Pacific Press building,
at Twelfth and Castro streets, fell with
bis elevator a distance of three stories
to-day and escaped with only a few pain- j
ful bruises. While a new hydraulic ele- |
vator was being put in Everett made ter- :
porary use of the small freight elevator !
in the court at the rear of the building.
He had run up to the top floor, when in
some manner the cable became detached, i
letting the elevator swiftly descend with ;
him. With almost a death grip, Everett ;
..■lung to the rope, and thus slipped to the i
ground floor, where he received his bruise? ;
s<s the car bumped on the bottom. His
hands were pretty badly burned from his
grip on the rope.
. ♦ .
WORKMEN ARRANGING
THREE DAYS' PROGRAMME
OAK ,AN
A. O. I*. W., "f Hayv. king elab- j
orati arrangements f pro
..-. to includ* a . banquet
to be held
■
■ . Extension !ommitt< c '
elation of Alameda County, the Pa I Ma -
ter Workn 'ran- :
Lodges of
tiii.- ci unty Native E
ward. :■ d for the pur
and accommodations are
i rs nged.
. ♦ .
Athearn Comes Out.
BERK KDK Y. Sept. 23.— Another star
football pli
for this year's Var
- am at the ! !niv< rsity of i lalJ]
This afternoon Athtarii. the
d i enter foi the Bli c and Go I
eld again.
Atluarn's declsi'.n is giving much sal -
faction to the men. Thn
'om c has bi.ri un
able to go on the gridiroi thi
through the persuasion i
Football Manager Muma the big v<
has agreed bo don his padded football suit
for « ■ • ' • !!«• will
out for the first tim<. at the regular foot
ball practice Moi -:oon.
More Policemen for Oakland
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— 8y virtue of an I
order issued this evening by Chief of Po- \
lice Hodgkins. the city's regular police !
force of sixty-one men will be practically r
increased to seventy-four en October 1. '
ARRESTED AS INSANE,
DIED OF PNEUMONIA
OAKLAND, Sept. John Scanlan, a
laborer, who was brought from North
T< seal to the Receiving Hospital as an
insane subject last Monday, died at the
hospital this afternon from pneumonia.
Scanlan had been employed at work for
the Spring Valley Water Company in
Niles Canyon, and over a week ago wan
dered away to Temescal, where he was
arrested, supposedly as an Insane wan
derer. Dr. Stratton diagnosed his case
as double pneumonia as soon as he was
placed in the insane ward, and, together
with Keeper Page and the other hospital
physicians, did all in his power to bring
him through, but the patient- had been
sinking rapidly yesterday and to-day.
Mrs. J. J. Sullivan of San Francisco is a
sister of deceased and attended his bed
side when he breathed his last. | Scanlan
was aged 37 years and was born in Ire
land, where he has a well-to-do father
still living, but his son's demise, declares
Mrs. Sullivan, may kill him.
■ ■♦ .
FRED CLEAVES GUILTY.
The Jury Convicts Him of Assault
Upon His Aged Father-in-Law.
ALAMEDA, Sept 29.— Fred Cleaves,
who waa charged with having struck his
father-in-law. Rev. George Morris, i
tried before City Recorder St. Sure ■
and a jury to-day and found guilty. j
ill appear for sentence next j
Wednesday morning, when a motion for
trial will be made by his attorney.
Rev, Mr. Morris, who i.s almost totally)
blii.d, told on the stand the story of how
vee had attacked him in his own
House at the Wesl End and .struck him in j
tier, and bow he left
• • mcd
:•• fnr having beaten
In answer to a j
question from Cleaves' attorney Mr. Mor- '
that h( ot < xactly love his
son-in-law, neither did he harbor any ill
inst him.
•■I found from Investigation," said the
witness, "that Mr. Cleaves had deceived
my daughter In ways He' had
failed to support her and her children
and under such circumstances J cannot
..; 1 love him."'
Mr. Morris further testified that
Cleaves told him laal Octobei thai be had
a position In the quarterroaster'i depart
int-nt In the United States army that mid
him $1600 a year, with a "chance to in-ik->
as much more." «'i. lence wsa
Bomewhai i ry, and white lie <!.•
bl r. having struck his father
in-law, the jury evidently did no! believe
■iy, for after a few moments' de
liberation the jury found the former lead
er of the Boys Brigade guilty as charged
Mr- Morris corroborated her husband's
story and Miss Cleaves appeared as a wit*
□ess for her brother. Deputy District \^.
Melvin addressed the jury. Cleaves'
attorney submitted the case without argu
ment.
DR. 0. D. HAMLIN HONORED.
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— The directors of
the Deaf and Dumb and Blind Institute at
eley elected Dr. O, D. Hamlln of
Oakland to succeed Dr. B. 11.I 1 . Wall of
Berki ley, who has held the office of phy
for some years. It is not unlikely
that Dr. Wall may contest th» ; legality of
ill.- board* action. Dr. Hamlin is among
the younger members oi the medical pro
fession, and was born In Alameda ("ounty
in 1870. His college course was taken up
at Santa Clara, where he graduated with
honors in 1889. He entered the Cooper
Institute in Han Francisco, graduating
with honors In 1594. and returned to the
city of his birth, where he began prac
ticing.
After being identified for a brief period
with the Order of Elks he was elevated
to tht- position of exalted ruler of ihe
Oakland lodge last March. He enjoys the
distinction of being the youngest man ever
.1 to lin such a high >usition in that
body.
TOE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1899.
CONFERENCE OF
THE METHODIST
CHURCH SOUTH
Baptists Are to Hold a
Convention.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 29.
The Southern Methodist Conference
will be held in Asbury Church, this city,
next week. On Tuesday evening the in
troductory sermon will be delivered by
Rev. J. J. Kenney, presiding elder of the
San Joaquln district.
The conference will convene on Wed
n. sday morning, the business session be
ing preceded by devotional services con
ducted by Bishop W. W. Duncan, who
wiil preside over the conference.
The business sessions will as usual be
held in the mornings, while the evenings
Will be devoted to rallies in the interests
of missions, education, Sunday schools, |
etc. Wednesday afternoon will be given !
to the ladies lor a meeting of the Wo- :
man's Foreign Missionary Society, and
Thursday afternoon the Woman's Horn..'
Mission Society will hold its annual meet
ing.
All the services will be open to the pub
lic, and the conference is expected to ]
Close by Monday, October 9, the last fea- <
turc being the reading of the appoint
ments of preachers to their fields of labor
fur anoth< r year.
Bishop Duncan, who has been in the
Stat. a week or more, is expected to ar
rive, here on next Tuesday morning and
will register at the Metropole. He will]
be accompanied by Rev. Dr. Whisuer of j
Louisville, church extension secretary.
and judging from the many inquiries for
accommodations the Conference will be
attended by a larger number of visitors
than at any previous session.
Beginning with next Tuesday afternoon
tiie nineteenth annual session of the Cen
tral Baptist Association of California will
be held in the Golden Gate Baptist
Church. The opening afternoon will be
gin with devotionals. appointment of com
mittees and reading of letters. Pastor S.
C. Keetch will deliver the address of wel
come. Moderator L. W. Elliott respond
ing. Then will follow reports of commit
tees, election of (ifticers, etc. In the even-
Ing Rev. W. C. Jenkins will preach the
annual sermon.
Wednesday morning will be occupb d
with devotion, reports and addresse; by
Rev. J. M. Helsley and Rev. C. M. Hill.
In the afternoon the particular feature
will be tiie meeting of the Baptist Home
Missionary Society. Dr. E. A. Woods
will deliver a doctrinal sermon in the
evening. The conference will conclude
its labors Thursday afternoon.
FARMER DONLON OF
DUBLIN FOUND DEAD
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— Thomas Donlon.
a well-to-do farmer, who has resided near
Dublin, this county, for the past twenty
I years, was found dead in his barnyard
i this morning. The discovery was made
by one of his sons. Death is attributed to
heart disease. Deceased was a native of
Ireland, aged 67 years. He owned two
ranches of about 320 acres and leaves six
I grown children. His wife died a few
years ago.
~*~
In the Divorce Court.
OAKLANP. Sept. 29.— Judge Ogden to
day granted Amy Falconer a divorce from
John Henry Falconer on the ground of
extreme cruelty.
The divorce suit of M. Buckstein against
Sarah Buckstein, brought on the ground
of desertion, ha? been referred to Com
missioner Babcock, ..wing to default of
defendant to appear or answer. The couple
were married i" Warsaw. Poland, in 1886
ELECTRICAL ENTERPRISES.
Large Schemes to Develop the Rich
Resources of the Interior of
This State.
Large electrical enterprises are about
to come into existence in this State. Many
smaller ones ore engaging the attention
of capitalists. One prominent electrical
supply house in this city is authority for
the information that not one day passes
in which an electrical motor is not sold
for use in the Interior. Many of these are
of *mnll power, for the use of private
irrigators, who luid it feasible to supplant
other apparatus with pumps worked by
electricity. Power plants of 3000 horse
power are engaging the attention of oth
ers principally large corporations. The
[tie;, gold mint's owners have about fin
ished putting in a plant, with a 3000 horse
power Westingbouse generator, to op
erate their stamp mill and compressors
and to furnish light to Angels Camp and
the surrounding country. Eventual. y they
will operate other mines near by with
this plant. The cost of the plant was
between (90,060 and JMrt.OVi. as estimated.
The Butte County Electrical Company,
of which Mr. Meysenberg, formerly pres
ident of the Siemens- Halske Company,
is the president, is concerned in large op
erations in Butte County. The company
has taken up a large water right and will
deliver the eleetrie current at Oroville and
CbiCO with --üb-stations, and also to
dredgers built for river gold mining. This
plant will cost not less than $70,000.
Another large scheme is to be located
on the Stanislaus River at Six Mile bar.
The work has already begun. The pro
jector is the Stanislaus Water Company,
in which Mrs. C. D. Lane, wife of the
Utlca mine millionaire, and C. D. Tulloeh,
who owns flouring mills at Oakdale, are
concerned. The purpose. Is to furnish pow
er to the grist mills at Oakdale and other
places ami also to the mines and mill of
the Royal Consolidate] Company at Hud
son' also to Lane's Alta mine, on the
WriKht grant, mar Copperopolis.
The Visalia plant has a 3000 horsepower
and gets power from streams on Mount
Whitney It has seventy miles of pole
lines and delivers power to Visalia, P.m
torville Tulare and Hanford. By the a:d
of this' plant the foothills are irrigated
and have been turned into a fine fruit
CO TheSectrlclans in this city see a bright
future for the State. They say that there
is water enough for irrigation if it is
oroperly cared for. and that it can oe
largely' used also for power without in
terlerirg with its use on the land.
The PortervlUe Light and Power Com
n-mv has purchased the plant of the Por-
U-rvill" Electric Light Works.
Contracts bay« been made, according to
rpnorti by the San Bernardino Electric
Company with the Santa Fe railroad pro
viding for the operation of such.machin
ery belonging to the road at the San Ber
nardino shops as can be worked with elec
tricity.
NEW CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Inspection of the Playhonse, Which
Has Been Entirely Refitted.
The new falifornia Theater was thrown
open last night for inspection. The inte
rior has been transformed. In place of the
heavy dark Moorish coloring the audito
rium'is now decorated in white and gold.
New fixtures of polished brass studded
with Incandescent lights lend additional
brightness to the playhouse, which is now
thi tiandsomesi In the city.
The improvements have not been con
fined to the decorations or the disposi
tion of Incandescent lights, which make
a most brilliant interior. The seats have
been rearranged and the upholstering and
the trimmings of the boxes are entirely
new. The stage has been refitted, the
.ir. BSing rooms renovated and the recep
tion rooms refurnished.
At the reception last evening the or
chf-stra furnished music for the- guests
and a punch Imwl In the reception room
supplied the refreshments. The theater
will open on Monday evening with Ken
drick's "A Yenulne Yentleman."
St. Ignatius Services.
Devotions in honor of the Feast of the
Holy Rosary will begin in St. Ignatius
Church this evening. Benediction will fol
low the rosary devotions before the
blessed sacrament. Rev. Father Ber
chard. S. J., will preach at the 10:30
o'clock mass to-morrow. In the evening
Rev. Father Scsia, S. J., will deliver the
discourse.
FAVORABLE DAY
FOR LUCY RITE
Signatures on Hoiel
Register Identified.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARIPOSA, Sept. This was a red
letter day for Lucy Hite, the Indian wo
man who is trying to get a share of the
millions of John R. Hite. The hotel reg
ister was brought in evidence and pro»
duced something of a sensation. The in
scription, John R. Hite and wife, under
date of October 30, 1877, had not been
erased, as was supposed, but another por
tion of the book, containing Hite's indi
vidual signature, had been tampered with.
The case opened mildly this morning, i
ea«n side taking turns and producing tes
timony for and against Lucy Hite'. Then ;
the plaintiff called Sherman" Reynolds to
the stand and asked him to identify the
register of the El Capitan Hotel of Mer
ced. Reynolds swore to finding both sig
natures in the book of the hotel at Mer
ced. He stated the signature "John R.
Hite and 'wife" was not as legible as when
he first saw it. He also said that he had
seen Hite's signature under date of Janu- i
ary 13, 187S, but that this line is now blank
j on the register.
. Thomas Glbbs was the next witness mi
i troduced for the purpose of identifying
the signature of John Hite. The inscrip- ;
tion was so dim witness said he was only
sure that the word Hite was in the de
fendant's handwriting; the balance he
could not see plainly.
Sherman Reynolds was again put on
I the stand by Foote and put through a
drilling that must have made him long
for the floor to open and swallow him up. i
Foote forced him to admit that he had
lied against Judge Paterson, whose side
he was supposed to be employed on; had
deceived him systematically, and that he
, had accepted $10 and expense money from
; the plaintiff.
Richard Finn took the stand and swore
\ that by general report Lucy and John R.
Hite were man and wife. He was unable,
however, to name any particular person
; who had heard her called Mrs. Hite.
! The old man's testimony was riot con
sidered of any importance. The testimony
i of a few minor witnesses closed the day's
I proceedings. The case will be resumed in
: San Francisco on October 5. Judge Jones
allowed $250 for the plaintiff on account
of the transfer of the case to San Fran
cisco. This was not to be considered as
alimony.
GENERAL EAGAN'S VISIT
TO WASHINGTON
Rumors Revived That the Commis- !
sary General Will Ask to Be Re
tired From the Army.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 88.— The presence
in Washington to-day of Brigadier Gen
eral Patrick ESgan lias given rise to a re
port that he is here in connection with !
his prospective retirement. Although the i
President and War Department would be.
much gratified to receive an application
from bun to go on the retired list, Secre
tary Root said to-day thai he <ii<l not |
make any such request when he called at'
the War Department to-day. It is known i
that mutual friends, upon the suggestion
of the President, have been trying to in- I
duce General Bagan to retire in order I
that the way may be opened for the pro- !
motion of Colonel Wea ton, who i.s now I
acting commissary general. The Presi
iient reels thai he made a great mistake
in mitigating General ESagan's sentence
from dismissal to suspension from duty
on full ray. Colonel Weston is really
suffering the penalty of the sentence, as
he is required to perform the duty of
commissary general on the pay of col
onel, while General Eagan is practically >
enjoying a leave of absence on full pay.
'l he President is powerless to direct his;
retirement without his consent, and up
to this time Genera] ESagan has refused
to listen to overtures which have been ;
made to mm.
SUIT AGAINST THE
ESOTERIC FRATERNITY
i Manager Williston Wishes to Have
It Dissolved and the Property
Divided.
AUBURN, Sept. 29.— The Esoteric Fra
| ternlty at Applegate, publishers of the
■ Esoteric Magazine and kindred publica
tions, is in trouble. T. A. Williston, mana
ger and one of the trustees, has died a
complaint in the Superior Court asking
that a hearing be had. a r iver appoint
: ed and the property sold and the proceeds
divided pro rata among the members. The
i complaint also contains Bensational
I charges against President H. B. Butler.
The Esoteric Fraternity was originally
organized by Butler in Boston, and iii
ispi was transferred to California The
I property consists of sixty acres of im
proved land, a printing establishment and
residence buildings. The Esoteric Fra
ternity claims to be a scientific associa
tion with philanthropic principles for
working out the best that is within the
human heart and soul and giving the re
sults to the world through its publica
tion. One of the strongest principles is
celibacy.
FIRE AT HEMET.
Whittier Block Destroyed and Two
Men Injured.
RTVERSTDE. Sept. 29.— Word hns been
received here of a big fire which destroyed
the Whittier block in the town of Hi met
to-day. The fire was caused by the ex
plosion of gasoline. The firo originated In
the drug store of W. J. Prugh. His stock
was partly Bayed, and the furniture o f the
bank, in the same building, was saved
The block contained a -fine opera-house
the Hemet Land Company's office a
butcher shop and the Prugh drug store
There were several lodgp rooms in the
building also. W. J. PniKh and George
Boalieh. a clerk, were badly burned Ed
Robertson was crushed between a safe
and the wall and was seriously Injured
The total loss is not stated. The insur
ance on the building is $:;r>,ijoO; Prugh's in
surance is $1200.
BADGER'S NARROW ESCAPE.
Almost Ran Ashore in the Fog Near
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 20.— The Badger
arrived at 9 o'clock thin morning with the
Naval Reserves, who landed fifteen min
utes later. While making for this port
six miles iiji tiie <oast the Badger came
dangerously close to shore owing to a fug
which fortunately lifted in time for the
breakers to be seen. She was within JOO
yards of the shore at the time.
Mrs. Ryerson's Trial.
SAN Dli:«;o. Sept. 29.— Mrs. Ryerson,
widow of tile late Governor Ryerson, who
was arrested several months ago at En
senada charged with hanging a boy to
a tree near her residence, has had her
preliminary trial, and the evidence has
been forwarded to the City of Mexico.
As a result of the examination, it is be
lieved that Mrs. Ryerson will soon regain
her liberty, as the only damaging testi
mony against her was the fact that sev
eral days prior to the boy's body being
found hanging to a tree she was seen
beating him. I'nder the Mexican laws,
•: ■ evidence to secure a conviction must
leave no question of doubt as to the per
son's guilt.
Murderer Captured.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 29.— The steamer St.
Denis, which arrived this morning from
ECnsenada, brings tlw news that Patrldo
Almadras, the Mexican who murdered s< -
selino Rodriguez at El Cajon on Satur
day. September 16. is confined in the Jail
there. Almadras was arrested soon after
)..• crossed the line on a charge for an
.ffense he had committed some two years
ago in Lower California. The description
of the man incarcerated at Bnsenada cor
responds exactly with Rodrij»je2's mur
derer.
Cattle Diseased.
WOODLAND, Sept. £9.— lt is reported
that blackleg has appeared among the
cattle ranging in the Mils that surround
Capay Valley. One firm has lost four
from a herd of thirty. Losses are re
ported from other herds. The county of
ficials have been requested to make an
Investigation.
TRUMP KILLED
BY AN OFFICER
Desperate Midnight Bat-
tle in Jail.
Pr*cial nispatch to The Call.
SANTA ANA. Sept. 29. -A tramp giving
the name of Herbert Glover died at the
County Jail this morning from wounds
inflicted on him by Officer Murray.
Officer Murray was summoned to Orange
at midnight by telephone to assist Deputy
Sheriff Bush to bring over two hard char
acters arrested earlier in the evening and
placed in a little old wooden jail. Upon
the arrival of the officer Bush and Murray
went to the jail, and as they opened the
door Glover and the other tramp, John
Leonard, drew guns on the officers and
began firing.
The first shot grazed Bush's forehead,
and be fell. Murray pulled a gun and
fired once through a crack in the door,
then slammed the door shut, holding it
against the combined force of both the
men. Both men in the jail continued
firing through the transom and a side
window at Murray, but their aim in the
total darkness was bad.
Bush recovered from the shock, jumped
to his feet and began discharging his re
volver into the jail door imagining the
tramps were breaking through. In all
nine shots were tired, when one of the
tramps cried enough. He was ordered to
pass out his gun. which he did, also the
gun of his companion, who was shot
through the abdomen. Both men were
landed In the County Jail shortly after
midnight.
Glover said that his home is in Spring
field, 111., and that his father's name is
G. C. Glover and that he has an uncle,
L. S. Glover, in San Diego. The other
man's name is Leonard, and his home is
in Flagstaff, Ariz. Both these men are
wanted for a burglary committed at San
Bernardino last week.
The Coroner's jury this afternoon exon
erated Officer Murray from all blame,
finding that he was fully justified in kill
ing Giover.
MRS. SMITH ENTERS
SUIT FOR DAMAGES
Charges Robert and Elizabeth Patter
son and Others With Having
Seriously Injured Her.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 29.— Through At
torney W. H. Mahony of Larkspur Mrs.
Amanda Smith has brought suit in the
Superior Court against Robert and Eliza
beth Patterson. Jane Doe Hill and Rodger
Cutler for damages in the sum of $SOUO
for forcibly ejecting her from her house
at an unseemly hour and subjecting her
person to violence of a severe nature, in
addition to forcing upon her the shame
and humiliation consequent upon such
action. After declaring that the true
Christian name of Jane Doe Hill is un
known, and asking that it be inserted
wlnn learned, tht complaint reads as fol
lows:
"That on or about the 21st day of June,
IS9!>, at or about the hour of midnight,
and after said plaintiff had entered her
bedroom for the purpose of retiring, raid
defendant and each of them aforesaid,
entered said bedroom of said plaintiff
without any cause or provocation on the
part of said plaintiff, grabbed said plain
tiff by the arms and with force and vio
lence threw said plaintiff upon the floor;
that while said plaintiff was lying upon
said floor said defendants forcibly and
violently dragged her. in a semi-nude con
dition, out of said bedroom and ejected
her out of said house; that while said de
fendants were ejecting said plaintiff from
said dwelling as aforesaid, the said de
fendants beat and struck said plaintiff
and jmlled and wrenched ncr arms, body
and legs, thereby causing her to become
sick, sore and disabled, and compelling
her to suffer great bodily pain and in
jury.
That by reason of said acts of said de
fendants, as aforesaid, said plaintiff was
damaged In the sum of $5000. whereby
plaintiff prays .judgment against said de
fendants in the turn of $5000, and for costs
of suit.
NEXT SESSION WILL
BE HELD IN LONDON
Committee of the Pan-Presbyterian
Alliance Announces the Selec
tion It Has Made.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.— 8y the com
mittee charged with the selection of the
next place of meeting of the Pan-Presby
terian Alliance, it was decided this morn
ing to hold the meeting in London, Eng.
No "determination was reached, however,
as to the time for the meeting, but it
Will be either four or five years from the
present month.
At to-day's session of the alliance the
Presbytery of South Africa was admitted
to membership. A formal letter of
thanks to the President of the United
States, fcxpVesslng grateful appreciation
for his reception to the delegates last
Wednesday evening, was sent to-day, the
bearers of the letter being the president
of the alliance, the Rev. Dr. J. Marshall
Lang of Scotland, and the Rev. Dr. Wal
lace Radcliffe of Washington.
HOSKIN INQUEST.
Pendergast Is Exonerated by a Coro-
ner's Jury.
GRASS VALLEY. Sept. 29.— The Cor
oner's jury in the case of Charles Hoskin
late last night brought in the verdict that
deceased came to his death through a
misadventure in a glove contest. The
charge of murder which was placed
against James Pendergast as the result
of his entering the contest in which Hos
kin lost his life has been withdrawn, and
he is now free. Pendergast and Hoskin
both declared before the contest that this
would be their last flsht. The uni'ortu
nate result has sealed Pendergast's res
olution to quit the prize ring.
KILLED BY A TRAIN.
A. W. Blumberg Loses His Life at
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 29.— A. W. Blum
berg, proprietor of the Malilija Hot
Springs resort in Ventura County, was
struck by a Terminal train while out bi
cycle riding with his wife last night and
died several hours after the accident. He
attempted to cross the track in front of
the train. The dead man has been a resi
dent of California for twenty-seven years.
H« leaves a widow and four children.
New Steamship Line.
GUADALAJARA, Mex.. Sept. 29.— 1t is
announced here that General Canedo,
Governor of the state of Sinaloa, has re
signed his office and will remove to San
Francisco, where he will become presi
dent of a new steamship company that
will operate between California and Mexi
can ports.
Repairs at Whittier.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 2ft.— The State
Board of Examiners held a special session
this morning with the trustees of the
State Reform School at Whittier. and Ihe
resulJ was that the trustees were allowed
to create a deficiency of $15,010 to be ex
penrl d in putting a new roof on the build
ing.'
Robbery at Gilroy.
GTLROY, Sept. 29.— The home of S. G.
Babb was entered some time during
Thursday night and a purse containing
$."7 taken from a pair of trousers. The
thief walked to the bedroom and back
to the kitchen, leaving the trousers in
the kitchen, and did not disturb any one
in the house. There is no clew to the
burglar.
Firemen Installed.
GILROY, Sept. 29.— The annual instal
lation of the officers of the Gilroy Fire
1 lepartment took place last evening, and
was followed b> a banquet given by the
citizens. One hundred citizens and fire
men engaged in the affair. Mayor H. R.
Chesbro acted as toastmaster, and both
Ollroy bands furnished lively music dur
ing the evening.
Monument for Farley.
SALINAS. Sept. 29.— The Native Sons of
this city have taken in charge the move
CROCKER'S GIFT GRACES
THE ART INSTITUTE
GEORGE CROCKER'S munificent gift to the Art Association, "The Escape
From Pompeii," was installed yesterday in the great gallery, and waJ
much admired by all who were fortunate enough to view the splendid
work of the master sculptor. There are three figures in the artistic
group, a man, a woman and a child, and the perfect modeling graphically tells
" the tale of the flight from the doomed city.
The figures are half life size and the proportions exceptionally fine. The
whole story breathes life.
The pedestal on which the figures rest stands three and a half feet high,
and the story of the destruction of Pompeii is carried out in the baa relief
I figures. The magnificent piece is modeled of the finest Parian marble,
- and is the work of the celebrated sculptor, G. M. Benzoni, of the Florence
' Academy, Italy.
ment to build a monument in honor of ,
Sheriff Farley, who was murdered on
September IS. At the last meeting of the
Santa Lucia Parlor. N. S. G. W., the mat- .
ter was discussed and plans perfected to
make the proposition a grand success. ,
Every voter In Monterey County and al
most every citizen will contribute to this^
fund. _
MRS. WALTERS TESTIFIES.
Admits She Wrote the Letter That
Brought Cook to Napa.
SUISUN, Sept. 29.— The prosecution in
the McKenzie murder trial has nearly
completed its long list of witnesses and
will probably close its case on Saturday.
The principal witness to-day was Mrs.
Jesse Walters. Her evidence was cvi
'• dently disappointing to the prosecution.
Mrs. Walters stated that she had known
' Cook about five years, having first met
him at Oakville. Napa County. Cook at
that time was employed as bartender tor
her husband. She testified as to having
written several letters to Cock while he
was employed at Walkers Landing under
! the name of Durman. She also testified
'• that Cook had written to her about ob
taining employment for him In Napa and
1 that she had Been McKenzie regarding the
matter McKenzie informed her he would
secure a position for Cook later on. \\ n
ness warned McKenzie not to mention the
i affair to her husband. Witness admitted
that some time later she wrote the let
ter that brought Cook to Napa. She ad
mitted having <*een Cook with two pistols.
District Attorney Bell showed Mrs. \\ alt
ers the revolver which was found by the
body of Cook, but witness could not
j recognize it as Cook's property.
WATER FOR POWER.
Notice of Appropriation Filed by B.
Clark.
WOODLAND. Sept. 29.-R. Clark, nn at
torney of this city, has filed a notice of
appropriation of one million inches of
water measured under four-inch p«es
sure. 'at the Seely mill site on Putah
! Creek, three and a half miles above
The^ciaim is made for the purpose of
power to propel machinery for the gen
eration and distribution of electricity.
The water is not to be diverted from the
bed of the creek, but a restraining dam.
to co«t $10,100. will be built. Mr. Clark
says the site is an excellent one and that
he 'can obtain power enough to supply
the Sacramento Valley.
BLAZE IN OREGON.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Sept. 29.-The most
destructive fire in the history of Grants
Pass began at 12:30 to-day in the Palace
Hotel a two-story frame building. .
Ins de vt an hour and a hair sixteen
business houses and eight warehouses and
smaller buildings had been destroyed.
The origin of the fire is not known, but is
BtiDDOsed to have been a detective flue.
The total loss is about $75,000. The insur
ance is $20,000.
Mrs. Chatham Testifies.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 29.— During the
afternoon session in tht- Mills estate trial
case Judge liuck ruled that the testimony
f Mr- Chatham was proper and admis-
Bible as evidence. She was again called
to the witness stand and subjected to a
searching cress-examination by Attorney
Richards who probed mercilessly into her
career and laid bare every detail of her
life from the time of her meeting with |
Robert Mills down to the day of his death.
She said her husband knew of her rela
tions with Mills because she had told
him of them in 1862, and he was aware
that ho was not. the father of Robert and
Maria Chatham.
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Sept. 29.—Pen
sions were granted to-day as follows:
California: Original— Nathaniel S. Went- |
worth, S;;ii Francisco, $6; Michael Me- |
Ounde San Francisco. %. Increase— Ru- |
dolph Blczi. Veterans" Home. Napa. $6 to
$8- Leonard C. Beckwlth Hydesville. $« to
.<x : Josiah Countryman, corona. $fi to $s.
Oregon: Original— Lewis Wentz, Albany,
$6; Nathaniel Shonkweiler, Oregon City, i
$8.
Washington: Original— John Wheerret, I
Tenir.o $<">. Increase— William H. Snow,
Chelan Falls, $6 to $8.
Rio in Port.
PORTLAND. Sept. 29.— The United
States transport Rio de Janeiro arrived
this evening frcm San Francisco, and it
is understood she will sail next Tuesday
for Manila with two battalions of the
Thirty-fifth Infantry. The steamship
Lennox was turned over to the United
States Government to-day. The Lennox
will carry a cargo of mules and supplies
for the army in the Philippines.
Accidentally Shot.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 29.— Mrs. Ealses
was accidentally shot and slightly wound
ed this afternon in taking a revolver from
, her brother. W. E. Buck, who was trying
,to kill himself. Buck said that he did not
want to live after his mother died, and in.
; a tit of despondency tried to kill hims. if.
, Mrs. ESalses received a painful but not
| dangerous wound in the right thigh.
AT THE FAIR.
There is but one more week of the Me
chanics' Fair, and the management is
busy arranging for extra attractions. Last
night's extra programme consisted of a
vaudeville show, in which Gibson and,
Worrell, Musical Fletcher, Miss Pearl
Hickman. Ettrt Aronson and Harry Man
gels participated. A grand Cakewalk has
been arranged for to-night, in which four
teen couples will take part. Paul and
Rosie Williams. Everett Brown and Miss
Beatty and Williams and Kelly art- among
thp stars.
The amateur billiard tournament has
created considerable interest, and the
championship games will be played to
night This afternoon there will be a
number of fancy dress dances, executed
by children from different dancing schools
of the city. Amusement Manager Buckley
announces that he has dal.ies galore for
exhibition at the baby show next Monday
afternoon and that babies representing
all nations will compete f.,r prizes.
Celebration at St. Francis.
The solemnity of the rosary will be ob
served to-morrow at St. Francis Church,
Vallejo street. The rosary indulgence ia
attached to this church, as it was in
cha\ge of the Dominican Fathers for
yeaiA and it is announced that all who
visit the church to-morrow and comply
with the other conditions can gain tne
celebrated indulgence.
The sermon at vespers will be preached
by Rev. Father Lagan, rector of the Sa
cred Heart Church, and after the sermon
there will be a procession of the various
sodalities of the parish through the aisi< a
of the church. The church has been late
ly rewired and it will be brilliantly illu
minated to-m >rrow evening.
Feast of the Rosary.
The feast of the Holy Rosary will be
celebrated at St. Dominic's Church to
morrow. The characteristic ceremony of
the day. the blessing and distribution of
roses, will take place before the intona
tion of the solemn high mass at 10::,0
o'clock. Rev. Leo Heagen will preacli the
sermon. When the mass is concluded the
sodalities and societies connected with St.
Dominic's Church, together with the par
ishioners, will take part in the rosary pro
cession. A new mass composed for the
occasion will be sung by fifty profession
als from the Tivoli grand opera company.
At the evening service, beginning at 7:30,
there will be special music, a sermon and
the recitation of the rosary.
Meeting of College Women.
The Association of Collegiate Alumnae,
an organization composed of the women
graduates of the more important univer
sities and colleges, will hold its annual
meeting on Saturday at 2 o'clock at Sor
osis Hall, 1620 California street. After the
reports of the retiring officers and the
election, tea will be served at 4 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as
Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, ,
Giddiness, Fulnessand Swcllingafter meals, Diz-
liaessand Drowsiness, Cold Chills. Flushings of <
Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness or Breath.Cos- '
tiveness. Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep, '
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembl- )
ing Sensations, etc. These ailments all arise \
from a disordered or abused condition of the \
stomach and liver.
Beecham's Pills, taken as directed, will
quickly restore Females to complete health. They '
promptly remove any obstruction or irregularity '
of the system. For a
Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion, Sick ,
Headache, Disordered Liver, etc., ,
they act like magic— a few doses will work won- •
ders upon the Vital Organs ; Strengthening the •
Muscular System, restoring the long-lost Com- I
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of Appetite, '
and droning with the Rosebud of Health ■
the whole physical cnargy of the human ■
frame. For throwing off fevers they are specially •
renowned. These are" facts " admitted by thou- •
sands, in all classes of society, and one of the ■
best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated ■
is that Beecham's Pills have the ■
Largest Sale of any Patent Modi- i
cine in the World. This hns been ■
achieved without the publication
of testimonials, the fact being that •
Beecham's Pills recommend them-
selves. >
Beecham's Pills have for many years been the
popular family medicine wherever the English
language is spoken, and they now stand without •
a rival.
10 cents and 25 cents, at all drug store*.
Annual 5a1e 6,000,000 boxes.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cr.'l. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 1.2 o'clock every nipht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
crrner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3W Haves street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
R29 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Lnrkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
ICP« Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
lucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
PAST Masters' Association of Cailfor- •
nia F. and A. M.— Regular monthly
meeting THIS DAY. (Saturday), Sep-^
tember 30, 18», at 8 o'clock p. m. W'w 1
icier of the President,
order o. 11^ t g CHUMACH ER,^ Secretary. _
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m
M.-Will meet THIS DAY (Saturday).
Nt 1:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral J^
of our late sojourning brother JABh/J t~_
HASKELL; Master Masons are inUtea. By
. GMANDERSON, Becretary.
MISPION Lcdpe No. Ifi9. F. '.-■:■- JL
'-ailed meeting THIS * S ATI RD Al) Jfo
KVKNIN,. at 7:30 o clock. |;t n-;;..'7^
R "e ' c. P. BUNKER. Secy. /V>
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. I. IV^
 O. F.— Special meeting i hi.- ( s *"£ X
- URDAY) EVENING. Sept 30. I>9». A
Patriarchal and Golden Rule degreed \>
.v the Grand En^mpmonM^-.^ __ p
H. C. GEORGE, Scribe.
MEETING notice-The executive board of the
cvv Velvet C luh will hold a most Important
meeting SUNDAY AFTERNOON at 3 p. m.
to decide whether or not It is advisable to
water the stock. ■By order of , .
Grand High chief and President. _
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. B. Jacks, In th • Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas Cwinty,
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek and
Woods Ravine, and from John O. Smith a
als In' the Smiths Blue Gravel mine, near
One Shasta County to deposit tailings In a
ravine below the mine, gives r.oilce that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
Ing. San Francisco. Ca]., on October 9. 1599,
at 1 * i p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice Is here-
by Riven that the annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Bank of. California
will be held at the banking hou«e in this
city, on TUESDAY. October 10, 1899. at 11
o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY, secretary.
San Francisco, September 25. 1":V>.
ACCOUNTANTS.
F. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits *
adjusts accounts for corporations A- firms: ref.
I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron-
• icle bids.; no advance charges; all cases: es-
tates, mortgages, damages, collections, bank- J
ruptcy; wills, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
rail or write. j
ADVICE free; divorce li»w a specialty; private; ■
no fee without success; • collections. G. W. '
HOWE, atty at law. S3O Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason; j
consultation free; moderate fees.
CLARA FOLTZ attorney at law. Crocker |
bldg.: tel Black 71: practices In all courts, j
L. S CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927 i
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market St.. room 67: advice :
free: charge lew; business pushed. j
NAGLE _ NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma j
Ppreckels building. 927 Market St. ;
aDVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. !
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BATH CABINETS THKRSIAI.. .
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding j
like a screen: one panel opening as a door; :
call and see It: descriptive booklet free. W. ;
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange. I
RAMBLER tar.dem. $30; perfect order. 417
Post st. j
BICYCLE REPAIRS-
THOS H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
■MARKET, 1049 A (Hotel Robinson)— Under new |
and excellent management; Mrs. M. C. Rcb- j
inson. formerly Oakland prop.; sunny suites]
very desirable for families; Brst-class table; 1
quick service: reasonable rates; family suites j
a specialty; American and European plan.
MARKET. ISM (Las Pal mas)— Suite of 2 or 3 j
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
GEARY. Nicely . furnished rms.. suite or i
si.igle. with board: hot and cold-water.
ELLIS. Well-furnished front rooms, with !
• good board; bath; telephone; gas: piano.
O'FARRELL, Clean, comfortable rooms; j
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POST, 726— For 1 or 2; use of piano; . parlor i
and telephone; good board; reasonable. [
BOARD AND rooms WANTED.
ROOMS and board want for 2 near city or '
Oakland; state terms. ASMUSFORD, SS7 Capp. '
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A WIDOW will care for a baby or one or two |
children; nice home In the country. MRS. |
SHIVER. Air:, h. Cal.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704, Mission St., near Third.
BOOTS \M> SHOES.
CHILDREN'S shoes. 50c up; youths lace shoes,
*se; idles' ties, 75c up; ladies' shoes, $1 up; ,
men's working shoes, $1 23; men's dress shoes, ;
$1 35: mail orders solicited.- People's Shoe <
Store. 13C3 Stockton st. |
BISINKSS CHAX'ES.
A— 41600; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar;
doing S rushing cash store and bar business;
low nnt; rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; investigate at once. R,
Q. \\ CUKE. 906 Market St.
A Ji.'" Hx.ME bakery and notion store, with
3 living looms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
It <i. WILKE, 108 Market St.
SO; BAKERY In live country town. 70
miles from city; a first-doss paying bflsiness;
call soon; a rare opportunity. R. G. WILKE,
:"J<; Market st.
a ' SALOON; Market st.. dose to McAllis-
ter; tTirsain. WILKK. "<* Market «t.
A -CttO: DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
rent J35; first class, paying. Call WILKE.
Market :t.
A— ISSO— CORNER grocery' and bar. with living
ms; rent $1;,; dally receipts SIS; best loca-
tion in Mission. R. G. WILKE. Wfi Market.
X— s6oo -RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
ih'icpst location; rent $35; dally receipts $2o;
meals not less than 25c; barealn. R. Q.
WILKE. KM M.\rket st.
A— WOO ELEGANTLY fixed up and first -clasa
paying saloon close to Palace Hotel; rent
jro- lease; disagreement of partners cause
le. . R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— SI2S(v— CORNER saloon ■wlttf « rooms; rent
SCO; mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole-
sale houses and iron foundries; place clearing
above $150 per month; lease; a splendid offer.
R G. WILKE. 90« Market St.
A FURNITURE store; centrally located; at a
bargain. COWING & co. t 99:, Market nt.
RESTAURANT on Market st. ; cause of sale
;ng city. COW IN, ,<c- i
A RESTAURANT and oyster house; centrally
•1.!; fine business; bargain. COWING &
Market st.
\ SALOON; comer; bargain; cause of sale,
death. COWING ft '<<■. W6 Market st.
A 18000; RESTAURANT; north Mkrltet; best
in city; bargain. COWING & co.. 995 Market.
PARTNER wanted; commits' n.produca
business; grand chance. M. LESS. 7«.'. Mark'-t.
BRANCH bakery, candy and variety, 4
living rooms; cheap rent; owner owns build-
Ing; Will give lease. M. LESS. 7JB Market st.
COFFEE saloon and restaurant vlcinßy
■ il ! building; clearing $300 monthly; proof
rumished: sickness, ft. LESS. 766 Market.
RESTAURANT doing a business average
f"."> dally- death cause of sale: rare chance.
Mclaughlin & co,, tmk Market m.
French bakery; fine bus.; 4 horses, 1 wag-
■ ns, 11 furn. rms.; low rent. BASILE, 3
ALFA I'l '■<"■, Mnrket st... will exchange <>r
your property or business quickly, f
BARGAIN Delicacies ari'i dairy produce stall:
once; account of business In
c.ountry. .Grand Western Market, 1 :-: 1 ' » Poll..
a GRAND opportunity f->r an active man;
small capita! required: business clearing $120
I in', nth. !'l7 Mart) I __, room t
E opening in established printing business;
!i removal; fullest investigation. Mc-
,i 11. HKOS... San Jose.
|7R- KOU sale- Bakery; 3 living rooms partly
furnished: fine jilace for small restaurant;
rent $10. 1614 Pacific et. 1
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued. 1 ,
PARTIES with limited means can procure stock
in a home manufacturing company which will
yield annual dividends of 24 per cent; the
business is already established and the prod-
uct one of universal consumption; present
owner retiring on account of old age; a rare
opportunity. Address for full particulars box
237.'. Call Office. .
FOR sale— ln riving town of San Mate,.,
candy, loecreanl and soda and creamer}' busi-
ness; delivery wagon and horse; sold on ac-
count departure. Address V. S. HOWARD,
San Mateo, Cal. _
FOR -Branch bakery and delicacy store
at a sacrifice. Inquire 2917 Sixteenth st., near
Howard.
WANTED— Partner with small capital in es-
tablished, paying business. i^Hi ; . I st., Sacra-
mento.
BRANCH bakery for sale; owner retiring, 3 liv-
ing rooms. SO.)}; Filbert St.
$75— GROCERY and bakery: furniture Of three
rooms; leaving city; rent $10. Box 2172, Call.
TAILOR shcy; complete; 8 years' standing; 4
living rooms and kitchen; completely fur-
nished; stock of new and second-hand cloth-
ing; owner going back to old country. 1633
Deviaadero St., near' Gutter.
AN offer wanted; Old-established corner saloon ; j
side entrance to tain. tie cafe; fair stock and '
a good business. 632 Market St., room 6.
GROCERY and bar. good locality, good trade,
for sale on account of other business; no
asrent wanted. 880 Minna st.
$230— MUST be sold; good bargain; well-estab-
lished oyster house; . centrally located. 150
Eddy st.
GOOD-PAYING custom shoe shop; cheap if
sold at once. r>93 Natoma st.
WANTED — Young gentleman with some capital
who Is capable of managing the affairs of an
incorporated company. Address box 2175. Call. 
BAKERY in good country town; doing good |
business; old established business; cause
sickness; price reasonable; apply at once.
P. O. Box 15. Sonora, Cal.
$250— SALOON, stock and fixtures; good stand;
living rooms. Inquire at 650 Sacramento St.
FOR rent on downtown corner; large light
basement for saloon and billiard hall: rent I
very low. Inquire WILLIAM HENDRICK- i
SON A CO.. 614 Call building.
FOR sale — A good paying saloon, with six
living rooms upstairs: lons lease; terminus of
car line. Box 2313. Call office.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established i
business, tools and stock; low rent. 92ti j
Washington st.
$900— GROCERY, Oakland; good location and
bus. \V. B. Hardy, 961 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale— Fine grocery and bar. Corner Post
and Devlsadero sts.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
| trust to Pacific Room R»ntir.t,- Co.. 426 Kearny.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
- W. CASWELL & CO.'R. 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper. ;
Apply Call office. I
FOR rale — Good paylnir inside route on this j
paper. Apply Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly }
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the i
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale— One Columbus trap, with shaft?, one
or two seats; in excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse: weight 950 pounds; suit-
able for buggy; good traveler, sound, kind, |
gentle and In perfect condition. Apply MUR-
; RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or 320 Sansome
St., room 15.
DELIVERY wagon carrying 1 ton; 1 buggy, !
pood as new: made here. SHAW. 1621 Market. j
ALL kinds of wagons, bucc'.es, carts, harness,
etc., cheap EGAN & SON. 2117 Mis-lon st.
LIGHT ring wagon and harness for sale
cheap. 53S McAllister st
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses, 1140 Folsom st. '
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work ■
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- j
beating Works. 333 337 Tehama St.; tel. S 40. j
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mjrr.. 3S-40 Sth st.: tel. South 2."0.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 342 McAllister !*.; phone South 14«.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stever.son St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpel Cleaning: Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 39J. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission "4.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 338 Golden
Gate ava.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. OffW and factory, 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) >HKI'l UAUS.M.
"YOUR future," the past has gone; past, pres- I
ent and future by competent life reader from ;
Europe; just arrived; hours 10 a. m. to 5:30
p. m. Address 334% Turk st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; trance de-
veloping circle. Mon. & Frl.. 230. 2, 8 p. m. ;
meet. Tues, Thurs, 2, 8 p. m. 10c: sit. dally.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes St.. room 7, second floor.
BPIRIT test, business medium; sit. 50c. $1; cir-
cle Tues.. Thurs., Sat. at 8, We 510 Valencia.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card,
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; dally, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Sun., 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin st.
MRS. EVANS, the healer; all chronic cases a
success If taken; rupture a specialty. €27 Bush.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth St.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; reading by mall $1. 5 Seventh ft.
C. STEERS, medium; 112',. Oak at.; circles
Tues., Bp. m.; Th., 2p. m. ; 25c; readings, $1.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants. 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Bth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent, to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOUR 1 small rooms; bath, stationary tubs,
basement and yard; rent $10. Apply 1225',.
Treat aye.
SUNNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath, basement; flat
of 7 rooms, bath, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth st.,
near Dolores.
BAY-WINDOW cottage of 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins St., near Gear}'.
MODERN C-room cottage, $20; keys at 2304 Ful-
ton it., Park House.
DENTISTS.
a^drTt. 8. BIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Ziinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gus
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums: the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Bynol, on application to the arums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work: teeth with-
out a plate; filltnKs, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plateK,
- full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 80S Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood hide., you, can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up, plates, extractions free, $4 00 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 ;.. in.; Sundays I to 2
p.m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D . Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first
prize?; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market Et.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work nnd fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
DR. N. BAR DUE. r. 211 Examiner Bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.^. -„-;
LOWEST prices in S. F. :" work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SEX of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pace*, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
THE SAM FRAXCISCp CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1899.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. dressmaking School; practical method
taught: suits cut and flt to order; reasonable.
104 Kearny St.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary: dresses
inuuV $5 up; dresses made over; perfect flt.
EDICATIONAL.
A NIGHT School for Mon. Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis sts. —Opens October 2. Business and
Industrial courso— Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, Gorman, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. San
PYancldco* bookkeeping, shorthand, typing. |
languages, telegraphy, Kngiish branches, civil, i
eleclrii il and mining engineering, etc.; new
ge catalogue fr>-<\
AYRES' Business College. 72: i Market st. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bub. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey. assay. nrchi. ;<lay and even.;
est, 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 983 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc.; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
eveninss. 3040 Sixteenth St.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 954
Adeline St., Oakland.
FRENCH, mathematics, mechanical and archi-
tectural drawing taught for room; best refer-
>-:. «s. Box 878, Call
M <; RARRETT. a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. "02 Montgomery.
SINGING, ; mo; Parii grsd.; French, Spanish,
!2 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. K-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Bch< 018, 927 Market. S. P., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day nnd night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lelpsic; lessons T.v H2O Golden Gate aye,
••EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln st.. opp. City Hal!.
ROOKKF.::i ING, arlthnir>tic.grammur,wrltin<?:
day and night; terms low. l'C4 Mission. nr.Gth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
lfi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DMPLOYKENT OFFICES.
ORPHF.UM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 421 i Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. C,;:o. OAK I. 30 Geary St.: t-1. Grant .'6. ;
BMPtiOYMKNT WANTED — FEMALE, j
MOTHER and daughter want position in samel
family (American); wages $80; mother first-
class cook; daughter 17 ytars old. Call or ad-
c.i, be 24 Cla Bt., rear.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged «>*an to
to do genera] housework: good cook and laun-
dress; city or country. li««) Washington st.
COMPETENT woman wishes to do cooking and
housework; city or country. Room I^, 393
Sixth. St., corner Harrison.
LAI'Y of rellnement. business tact, desires
place as hotel housekeeper; city or country. :
Call or addn ss 214 McAllister St., room 45.
NEAT, strong, reliable girl desires position at !
general work and cooking; wages $20. Call
at 221 Hiekorj aye., near Octavia st.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. Mission Bt., room 1.
WOMAN w.iins work by the day; housework,
■ :•■« 1648 Mission Bt.
EASTERN Widow would like plain sewing and
mending to do. Call room 2, second floor. 1031
Market St.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady wishes position
as housekweeper in small family. Apply S.
F.. ITo. Kearny st. j
RELIABLE experienced woman wishes situa-
tion to do second work or upstairs Work; best
of city reference. Box 2174, Call.
LADY waitress wishes lunch or dinner work.
Call 113 Leavenwortb st.
YOCNQ girl for general housework. 2935
Twenty-fourth St.. In a bakery.
LAI'Y wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call 150 Fourth St., room 7.
SCANDINAVIAN Kir! wishes position to do
general housework in American family. 414
Folsom st.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes position
as housekeeper for widower. Address 311 Van
Ness aye.
COMPETENT nurse wants a situation; would
assist; reference. 61S O'Farrell st.
LETTERS written bj :>:'. expert; all letters,
personal or business, strictly confidential.
MRS. HOWARD. 20S Eddy st.
COMPETENT lady stenographer and type-
writer wants steady city position; salary $50
per month; five years in lH.°t place; best ref-
erences. Box 23."!6. Call office.
WINCHESTER Ho;:=e, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and bnggaere to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- j
lrncin st
KMIM.O\ MI. VI' WA.\TED MALE.
PRINTER— Up-to-date compositor seeks posi-
tion; capable of manngini; ncwFjaper or Job
and book offi'e: has fill",l p'"<iti r 'n f fore-
man, proof reader, etc. Boa -'TO. CalL
YOUNG t'unish coachman and gardener desires ;
situation in private place; can milk: handy j
with tools; temperate habits; references. Ad- I
dress 1' LUND, 360 Seventh St., Oakland.
COMPETENT engineer wants any kind of
position; is steady and sober. Call or ad- i
address 1224 Howard st. •
BOY. 18, without experience, wants to learn
dining-room work. Address box 2351. Call.
GERMAN and wife would like to take charge
Of a small plaop in the country; man a good
farmer and winemaker, wife a good cook;
can give jrf,i] references. H. S.. St. George
H tel, Sl2 Kearny st.
BITUATION wanted by a practical engineer
and machinist of 2i) years' experience; under-
stands the dynamo; good reference. Address
box L'3r,", Call office.
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried, first-class hotel experience, wants per-
manent situation: city or country. Commu-
nicate with box 2271. Call office.
PRACTICAL gardener, understands the busi-
ness in all branches and good hcrseman,
wishes situation. Box 2X70, Call office.
PORTER, American, would like place: can do
upstairs work; city or country. Box 23<W, call. I
YOUNG man would like situation as cobbler
for a Catholic Institution. Box 2365, Call.
STATIONARY engineer want* position or any
mechanical work relating to the same; ref-
erences. Address box 2163. Call.
WANTED— By .in elderly German, a situation
to cook for a mining camp or a range; is
most steady. Box '1325, Call.
YOUNG man would like a position as bar-
tender in a country town: best of references
Address G. m., 1104 Larkin Ft.
SITUATION as foreman on hop ran"h; two ex-
perienced men; good references. Box 359,
T'kiah. Cal.
WANTED- Hy man of 20 years' experience,
situation as engineer or machinist. Address
box 2356, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has l>een established at 1096 Va-
lends st. •
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1^ paces, sent to any address In the
United Strifes, postpaid, for ?1 per year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEOKGH MAYKRLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market st.. San Francisco: exam. free.
EXCHANGE.
UNIMPROVED ranch property. 2C0x400. in
Martinez. Cal., value $4000, to exchange for
S. F. real estate. Box 2310. Call office.
fiFrnitijue for sale!
HKAYY mstting. 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid anu lined. I
■i, per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-iniii Stockton st.. nr. Bniailway.
FURNITURE of « rooms for sale cheap; no
di aler. K6 Jessie st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S W, with No.
7 range. King Furnitur" Co.. :127-1131 Market.
KIRMTIRE WANTED.
WANTED $6008 carpets, furniture, etc.; high-
est price paid; postal. H. COLEMAN. 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— I6OOO carpets, furniture. etc. ; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllverstein.U2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
ADELAIDE Place, B, off Taylor, near Post— 4
rooms: sunny: very central; $12.
ELEGANT flat: C sunny rooms; bath; fine
view; reasonable 425 Thirteenth st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN * HOWELL.
10 Monteomery st.
FLAT, 8 rooms. .'.S3 Page St.; sun all day; mod-
ern improvements; rent reasonable.
CLAYTON. 572, south of Frederick-Modern
sunny fiat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLATS TO LET. «■
ERIE, 147, near Folsom— sunny rooms; 125 |
Thirteenth 5 sunny rooms and bath; Apply
on premises or MADISON & BURKE. ■ • -
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sun-
ny; rent $12. 1718 Leaven worth St.
GEARY, 2222-2226— Flats; '5 good rooms; bath;
sunny: rent right. '
HOWARD. 1131—4 nice sunny rooms; large
cellar; cheap. '_
LEA WEN WORTH, 1519—5 rooms; gas -and
bath: modern Improvements; rent $15. -";
MISSION, 1511, near Eleventh— Upper . and
lower: 5 rooms; bath; laundry; yard.
NEAR City Hall: sunny upper flat, six rooms
and bath! 27 Birch aye, off Larkln at., bet.
Grove and Fulton.
NICE sunny flat, 4 rooms; large basement;
house newly painted. 11CH Perry st. ; $10.
NOE 595. NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up-
per sunny modern ."-room Hat, with store j
room; $17; water free. |
O'FARRELL, 1333 to 1937— New flats Just om-
pleted; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON A
BURKED ' j
RUSS. 136— Flat of 5 rooms, laundry and bath;
very pleasant.
SHIPLEY. 87, near Fourth $14; sunny upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath. SHATNWALD,
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery St. t
SUNNY new flats, six rooms and bath. NW.
corner Eighth and Natoma sts.
UNION 193S— Rear house, 8 rooms, $10: front |
sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath. $12. Apply at 7264 j
Montgomery aye. i
WANTED— At once, nice flats, cottages and i
houses: will guarantee good tenants. A. M. i
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st. |
$S— UPPER flat of 4 rooms: sunny side. 472
Linden aye.. near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$12 50— SHIPLEY. 297 A, near Sixth; 5 sunny
rooms: flat: bath; gas; nice yard. '
$10— 4-ROOM flat; rear 563 Geary st. Apply
PLANE & SON, tailors, 565 Geary st.
$11— 4-ROOM flat; 21 Ritch St.. near Folsom.
Apply PLAN 7. & SON. 565 Geary St.
4 BUNNY rooms near Mail dock; also flat, 8
rooms; $14 and $10. Key 623 Second st. |
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly ■
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the |
United States or Canada one year for $1, j
postage paid. * '
FURRIERS, FURS. KTO
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yokes. $10 to
?30. ROBT. WAI-LACE, 115 Koarny. top floor
HfciLP WANTED AGENTS.
EXPERIENCED solicitors, men and women,
for city and country; liberal terms with right
parties. 1404 Call building, San Francisco.
RESPONSIBLE man or woman wanted in each
city and county to handle our goods. Box 2367,
Call. -
HEM' WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Ranch cook, $30; 4 boarding house
cooks. $25 and $30; 4 second girls, $15 and $20:
nurse, $20. see lady at 9:15 a. m.; 4 nurses
at $15 and $20: 5 restaurant waitresses, short
distance in the country, $25; 4 hotel wait-
resses. $20, city and country: 60 girls for
housework. $20* and $25, city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St. ,
WANTED— English nursery governess for
child 7 years old. $25. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Batter st.
WANTED— 2 German cooks, $35: no wash; pri-
vate family. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st. ■ -"
WANTED — German and Scandinavian cooks,
$23 and $80: city. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sinter St. _______
WANTED— Laundress and waitress, $25; pri-
vate family; city. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 183
Head waitress university; waitresses for
hotels at Woodland. Nevada City, Uklah,
Napa, Colusa, Stockton; waitress and cham- ]
' bermaid to wait, Bakersfleld, $20 and fare |
here; chambermaid to wait. Pacific Grove, I
$80; waitress, city, $20; 2 extra waitresses.
$1 a day ami free fare: cook for hotel, coun-
try, $35; 2 waist ironers, machine work. $25,
$30; 3 ircners. country. $10 week.
FAMILY ORDERS ,
governess. $.0, country; 40 Kins for general
housework, $10, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. {
FOR general housework (without washing) in
small family In Oakland, young woman of |
good health and refinement, desiring to study j
music, can obtain delightful home, regular j
competent instruction and opportunities to
practice, considerate treatment and $10 wages.
Address box 2372, Call office.
WANTED Girl for laundry and second work:
references required. 1721 Jackson St., between
9 and 10:30 a. m. ; v ' ' ■
EXPERIENCED sewers on ladles underskirts:
work In factory or at 'home. A. AARON, 579
Mission st.
BUTTONHOLE makers on custom coats; girl
to assist bushelman; apprentices on coats,
pants and vests. 541 Market St. ' j
YOUNG girl for housework and cooking: ref-
erence; wages __. 1533 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for baby and assist with , light
housework. 404 Capp St.. near Nineteenth.
YOUNG girl for general housework. 2935
Twenty-fourth St., in a bakery.
WANTED— Young girl: light housework: small
family; references. Box 2373, Call office.
WANTED— extra waitresses. 608 Sev-
enth st.
WANTED— German cook in restaurant, 113
Turk St.; no other need apply.
WANTED Girl to operate a sewing machine
on leather goods. 106 Clay st.
WANTED— Attractive, young, capable lady for
vaudeville comedy. Box 2330. Call office.
YOUNG girl, between 16 and 20, take care of
2 children. 1438 Page st. _________
SWEDISH girl wanted for general housework;
not necessary to talk English. 1144 Howard.
WANTED— IO girls for paper box making. Ap-
ply 675 Bryant Ft.
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework;
may sleep home; small family. 610 Powell st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to work in hoarding-
,. : bouse. SE. corner First and Mission sts.
GIRL tor general housework: must be good
cook; $25. 933 Market St., fifth floor.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; 3 in
family; $15. 1618 Grove st.
WANTED— GirI to set type. 2041- Mission St.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework and
sleep at home. 12 Liberty st.
2 WAITRESSES wanted; restaurant. 631 Clay
street.
YOUNG girl for bakery and candy store. 3997
Eighteenth St.
WANTED— MiddIe-nged woman to assist in res-
taurant. 1507 Market St.. near Eleventh.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co., Seventh and
Kerry sts.
EASTERN vocalist, reputation, would have ex-
perienced pianist of ability Join her high-class
concerts through California, continuing East-
ern and northern States. Box 307, Call, Oakld.
WANTED— German girl for cooking and
housework; no windows to clean; wages $23.
Call 2007 Devlsadero St., forenoon or after (
P. m. '■■':'
WANTED— Fitters on men's shoes. Apply at
United Workingmen B. _ S. Co., Twenty-fifth
and Bartlett sts.. city. ,
HOUSEKEEPER for American mechanic, un-
der 35, Protestant, strictly honorable home for
life for right party. Box 17, Call Branch Of-
fice, 106 Eleventh st. ' .-
WANTED— lntelligent girl to mind an office;
$12 per month to commence. Box 2366, Call.
APPRENTICES at dressmaking; neat sewers
will be well paid. 231 Post st., room 4.
GLOVE-MAKERS wanted. Empire Glove
Works, corner Battery and Washington »ts.
GERMAN girl for housework and cooking; $16.
Apply 9 to 12, 414 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— A saleslady in a bakery; references.
Apply 1410 Polk st. -
WANTED— Chambermaid for sailor boarding-
house. Call at 78 Jackson st. -
WANTED Girl for light hou^ work. Call 116
Colllngwood st. v - * .
WANTED — Young girl to assist in light house-
work. Apply 530 Lynn St.' ,
WANTED— Reliable girl.' for general house-
work; two in family; wages $10. 603 Fell.. st.
GOOD . tailoressea and .apprentices and button-
hole makers at 509 Kearny st.. room 2. ■ ■.-.:
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS'.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32 V, Fremont st./
are putting ■In the very best sewing ma-
- chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
. MR. DAVIS. . . . ,-.:-,;.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. . 103 Post St.- .-■■:
IRONERS wanted by U. 8. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION. Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to worn on fruit at
. 176 San Jose aye. ■; , - .■
A ; BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencia et.
HELP WANTED —
MURRAY & PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M...
36 harvest hands.. ..s» to $1 50 day and found
$3 50 day ...... ..Hay balers.... $3 aO day
23 choremen and boys.... $30 to $15 and found
16 milkers... ...;.:. ....$3O, $25 and found
56 eteady farm hands.. s3o. $26, $25 and found
[189 laborers and teamsters for city..:. ?2 day
Man and wife with family for mine..........
.......; $35 and found I
Coft't makers. '.'.'.'.'. .... ..Boys for city factories I
2 milk wagon drivers .$3O, $25 and found
German to drive bakery wagon.. s2o and found
• 29S laborers for all parts of California, $3,
$2 50. $2. $1 75 day......... V-"V
12 two-horse teamsters .2 -° aa /
IS laborers, fare EOc •' J*|-
-29 laborers, fare 70c... *™
29 stablemen, etc... .550, $40, $30, $25 and found
2 tallymen lumber company *'?
Carpenter, Government U. 5... .530 and found
- good iron workers * 3 day
Blacksmith on wagon. iron work $3 uay
Blacksmith's helper fur mine... ••>/••'•"••• •♦•<>
12 stone and concrete masons $3 o0 day
'. NOTICE
9*7 other places, not advertised. »
CALL AND BEE >C"o"
Wheelwright, country shop C. C. Co
Harness-makers. ..Stone and concrete mason*
Uph015terer5........... .Sash door makers
Slate splitters, wood turners, mill bench hands
Cabinet-makers • • ;
Block makers .....Setters, sawmill
Machinist on corrugated rolls.. Coopers
Wages above jobs, $5, $4, $.'! 60. $3. $2 50 day.
MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. -M
help for Utah. Oregon, Washington. Hawaii-
an Islands. Arizona, British Columbia, all
parts of California — • •
' MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. _
9 GOLD MINES
4 SILVER MINES..
23 OTHER MINES
25 miners 2 50 day
184 laborers (no experience wanted), $o7 per
month, Including board and lodging
2.-> laborers, fare $150, No. 1 mine..... $60
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 mine. $34 and fd
27 laborers, large mine... $63
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOILER MAKERS .>...../ ••
BLACKSMITHS
7 boiler-makers, country Jobs $3 75 day
7 blacksmiths' helpers.. s6o, $50, $76 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED HELP ••••
C farmers and wives
2 milkers and wives
0 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
wife to cook for men. man as choreman on
ranch- $60, $55. $50, $45, $40, $35. $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
32 c00k5.. 565. $55, $30, $45, $40, $36, $J0 and foun«
19 waiters.. $33, $30, $25, $20 ana found
38 dishwashers *30, $25, $20, $15 and found
4 first 5 second, 6 third hand bakers, also o
boys to learn, $45, $40, $35, $30, $23. $20. $15 and
found; come and see us: 15 porters, bedmak- j
ers bell and elevator boys, pantrymen, .Jani- J
tors $30 $25, $20, $15 and found; 7 laundry- 1
men ' ' $35, $30, $25 and found
5 cooks and wives : •
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
CARPENTERS ..CARPENTERS
25 carpenters, 8 hours, free fare, 16 miles from
San Francisco. 9 months' Job $3 day
18 carpenters, city and country job $3 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO SALT LAKE UTAH
We are "exclusive" agents of labor
FOR THE FOLLOWING
$3 50 day Coal Miners $3 60 day
To Salt Lake City. Utah
fare paid: boss at our office: come see him.
We shipped 20 last Monday
shipped 155 yesterday
shipping 150 Saturday next
there has not been any labor trouble
there is not now any labor trouble
there will not be any labor trouble
great contracts have been made by the rail-
road companies for the coal, which will in-
sure work for years to come
Remember
if you are .In British Columbia. Oregon.
Washington or other States, or any part of
California, come at once and we will ship
Don't' write MURRAY* A READY ....
come yourself... 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
FRUITPICKERS
; grapeplckers
565 men and boys
fares $126 office fee, $1 only
anybody will suit; you will
80 to 90 days' work; $30 per month and found.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE pay your fares
to 18 sawmills, etc
no experience wanted
197 men for 10 different, jobs
from laborers to run machines
....wages. $26 to $10 per month and found....
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers, tree
fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers, woods-
men and mtllmen of every description, . $SO, |
$75, $65, $50. $45, $40. $30 and found; wood- j
choppers, tlemakers, shingle and bolt makers,
picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds.
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE ship you free... .'.....free fare
to every railroad in California' but one
drillers, hammersmen, teamsters. ■ laborers, |
stonemasons, etc., from $3 50 day; board,
lodging, etc., cost $4 50 week (remember the
one we don't ship to Is the Coast R. R.)
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
25. DRILLERS, hammersmen. $2 75 day. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— Restaurant cooks, $9 and $10 week;
hotel cooks. $40 and $50; hotel waiter, coun-
try. $30, restaurant waiters, $7 to $8; night
cook $30; bedmaker: bell boy, $13 and board;
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Carriage painter, country. $3 day,
long Job; miners, $2 50 day; 5 men to harvest
beans, $1 day and board; farmers, $20, steady
work; 2 stablemen. $30 and board; 5 drillers,
$2 23 to $2 75 day; 15 railroad laborers. $1 day
and board, company work, fare advanced;
10 muckers, $2 day; laborers for mills, j
woods, quarries and other work at going |
wages; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C2S Sacramento .st.
WANTED— Swiss milker and wife. $65: milk
wagon driver and wife. $50; farmer and wife.
$35 to $40. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. ''-':': :
WANTED
Man and wife for private place near city, $50
per month and found..
6 miners, $2 25 per day; laborers for mine,
$2 per day
.... BLACKSMITHS
" Blacksmith, also helper for same ranch, $40
and $30 and board
4 bridge carpenters for R. R. Co., good job,
at $2.75 per day; farmers, milkers, cooks, and
100 others
2 Ironers for laundry. $30 and board
3 laborers for city. $2 per day
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED ......'
Engineer for mine, steady job, at $65 to $75
per month. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— coal miners for Salt Lake City,
Utah, $3 50 per day and fare paid; see party
here. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 Stockton St.— Butler,
$40; 3 cooks, country. $30, $35 and $40: wait-
ers, $2". to. $40: klt<*!ien hands. $15 to $30:
boys, city and country hotels, $15 and
found: 4 laborers, $125 a day and board:
laundry hands for large ■, steam laundry, $25
to $30; elevator boy, $15.
WANTED to-day— lo rough carpenters to go
to work on coursing park Job, near Ocean
View. Transfer to Fourteenth-st. electric cars.
WANTED — Elderly man to work In coal yard;
German preferred; wages $1 per day; refer-
ence required. Apply 1235 Howard st.
YOUNG man between 18 and 21 to take charge
of cellar of crockery store; references re-
quired. Call between 8:30 and 10 at 108 Sixth.
GOOD hustler «an make from $2 to $4 per day.
Call on WM. ABCHEIM for particulars this
< Saturday and Sunday morning at 7 sharp,
601 Taylor st., first floor.
BARBER for Saturday. 605 Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 52 Seventh
street.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 2814 Six-
teenth St. • . '■AY : ;
TWO good barbers wanted at 532 Third St.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3. 131
Third st. .
GOOD bushelman. S. N. WOOD ~ & CO., 718
Market st., apply 7:30 a. m.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices, $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny st.
wanted— 14 to 16 years old, with bi-
cycle, for errands. Apply box 2379, Call.
BEDMAKER wanted at 32 East st.
WANTED— Locksmith or toolmaker. ' 1706
Dwight way, Berkeley.
PAPERHANGER. MM Sixteenth st.
WANTED— Cake baker's helper at 38 Fourth st.
WANTED— Paperhanger. Address, with refer-
ences, box 2374, Call.
WANTED— Two woodworkers this morning.
426 Ninth st.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St.. room 4, third floor.
STRONG : choreboy for ranch; good wages.
Alma Colony, 220 California st.
WAITER wanted at 345 LarWnfst." -
INDUSTRIAL' insurance' agent' for debit. R.
RALPH. 511 Montgomery. 1 st." •■
COATMAKERS and basters; either piece work
or by the week; also bushelman. : 541 Market.
DISHWASHER wanted. 613 Clay st.
WAITER wanted. Golden West Hotel, 68-7$
v-.. Ellin st.\r ; '.- . ;''._ ■":... ■ .. .
" '-■•■'- — —■-■.;- .
WAITER wanted. 217 ( Sixth St.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
10 CARPENTERS. fare paid
for Hume building; 2 months' work; ship this
afternoon -.- .„. I
wages $3 a day board $4 10 a week
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,' 104 Geary st.
COMPANY work TT. . . . . f r , . f are
20 laborers, $1 75 a day; board $4 50 a week.
c. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 STONEMASONS/ $3 50; 15 helpers *■ rail-
road work; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &CO
104 Geary st. • •
FARE advanced sawmill work
crosscutters, $30; barkers, $30; snipers, $35-
-jackscrewers, $35; swampers. $26- see boss
here. c. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
F1 i X T J fa e ••••• •• '" Martini
10 four-horse scraper teamsters.. 12 25 a day
10 two-horse scraper teamsters.. $2 00 a day
10 laborers »2 00 a day
.' ship to-day
____C._R. HANeSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st!"
COACHMAN, with reference, $40 .to $50 and
found; gardener and man about place $25 and
found; 2 men about place $20 and $15; milker
and buttermaker, $25; milker. $25: black-
smith helper, city, $1 56 day; 2 farmers. $1 a
day; 2 hand rock quarry men $2 2."> a day 2
boys to work In nail shop. $1 a day; chore- I
man, ranch. $23 and found >.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
WASHER. $40: marker and distributor $40:
lroner, $35 and found; all- for country laundry *
c. R. HANSEN & CU.. 104 Geary st.
TEN teamsters for railroad work, Madera free
fare. c. R. HANSEN A.- CO., 104 Geary st. ,
IRONER, extra, free fare both ways for a
country hotel. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
2 HOSTLERS, $40 and $25 and found. C R
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK, small club, $60; second cook, cafe, $45;
second cook, country hotel, $40; broiler, city,
$45; second cook, country restaurant, $35:
second 'cook, $35; fryer, $43, both for a hotel
north; kitchen hands, . $30 and $20: porter,
saloon. $25 and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
ALL-ROUND laundryman to take charge of a
hotel plant: plain work and curtains. $35 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK, small private family, country, $23. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Canvassers and teachers; some-
thing entirely new. 14214; Park St., Alameda,
room 5.
DISHWASHER wanted. Ahlborn House, 317
Grant aye.
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon at 816 Treat
avenue.
WANTED— A first-class coatmaker at 135^
Natoma st. •
FIRST-CLASS finisher; high wages; state
work. 225% Montgomery aye.
WANTED— first-class tailors. Apply to H.
F. Lauderkamp, Troop F. Sixth Cavalry,
Presidio.
WANTED — Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road.
GOOD grocery clerk wanted; has to understand
the business. Call 398 Waller st.
ERRAND boys wanted. 508 Front st.
WANTED— Several GOOD DEPUTY ORGAN-
IZERS for ONE of the BEST FRATERNAL
ORDERS in California. Call or address DR.
W. M. PARK. 24 Sixth St.. room 5; hours,
10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
INSURANCE — Smart man with good connec-
tion to canvass and collect on salary and com-
mission; 9 to 12. WM. BROWN, 511 Mont-
gomery.
MEN wanted to learn barbtr trade In eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the J;onso-
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction:
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mahler's Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— man to raise cut flow-
ers. Call 1211 Polk st.
WANTED — Piano salesman of experience; sal-
ary and commission. Box 2323. Call.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. .T. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
PARTY well acquainted and controlling busi-
ness can secure position in large fire and
marine Insurance office; salary paid to right
party. Address box 2307. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 250
to 50c. 162 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damager, half
price. 5C2 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BI'SIIELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
TO Tailors— Good coatmaners wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m., at the . Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
PENSIONS— J. 11. BHEPARD & CO.. attor-
— Beys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272, Call.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. '
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE. 13SH Eighth st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. We, l, ic and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c; $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, S63'^ Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090 Va-
lencia st. ' ■
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
WILL sell or trade large bay horse. Apply
horse clippers, 22 Golden Gate aye.
1 LARGE horse, weighing 1300 pounds. South
Park Stables, 344 Brannan st. - .
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
/'IEL, Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
24-ROOM corner house $550
60-room hotel and bar: clears $500 4000
10-room house on Turk st 425
30 rooms; corner; rent ■ $."10 750
18 rooms; on Turk si., near Market 5.v)
20 rooms; on Eddy st.: must sell 600
26 rooms; corner; apartment house 1600
11-room house; one floor ..■• 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2200
3C rooms; on Market st. : clears $200 1450
... TELEPHONE JOHN NO. 51
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp'. Fifth.
$325— HOUSE 21 rooms; 3d St.. nr. Market: rent
$40; must sell this week. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PA VIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St., new cash buyer daily.
$700— SNAP; 46 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILS. 3 Eddy.
$800 BUYS '-roomed lodglnghouse: central; ac-
count of sickness. - Box 2171. Call office.
11-ROOM house: centrally located; air full; at
a bargain. 1145 Mission st.
$650— Philadelphia House, 421 Bush st.; 48 fur-
nished rooms; gas and water in every room.
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
Ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
HOUSES TO LET.
A-PRINTED list; houses to let; »end for cir-
cular G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SIXTH 121— Newly renovated house; 11 rooms;
all light" and airy, low rent to good perma- j
nent tenant. SOL GETZ & BROTHER, room
A, Crocker building.
DOCTORS— For private sanitarium; large cen-
trally located house with 11 .rooms. 2 bath-
rooms spacious cellar and good garden; to
lease. T. O. HEYDENFELDT, 1040. Post st.
$13-SI2— HOUSE of 6 rooms and 1 of 4 rooms;
3 and 6 Lawrence place, off Fremont st., bet
Harrison and Bryant; grand view of bay; in |
.fine order; to small family only.
MORRIS aye., 75, near Bryant St.— Rent $15:
house of 7 rooms; light and sunny; newly
cleaned. - : ' . ;
NINE rooms, with private entrance; fine for
renting rooms. 313V4 O'Farrell st., nr. Mason.
TEN rooms, bath, large garden and stable. , 4 j
Collingwood st. ! .
$35— BAY-WINDOW house, with furniture:
2609 Pine st. Apply E. ROBINET, room 6,
411 V. California St. ■■-.-■
HOUSE - hunting made easy with the printed
• list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. ■ ■ '
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
GOLDEN^ GATE AYE., 523. / facing Jefferson
: Park— Nicely furnished cottage of 6 rooms and
. bath; ' large yard. v<" ;; . ■ •-. " (
LOST AND FOIXD.
LOST— In the vicinity of Port Costa, a pension
certificate. No. 892,379; any person having the
same in their possession will please send by
mail to San Francisco postoffice and oblige
WM. H. ELDREDGE. late Company G,**
Third Regiment Infantry, California Volun- : v
teers. , ____^-
LOST— Lady's gold oval locket Thursday even- •
Ing about 6 on Devisadero electric car: valu»\f-
able on account of photos in locket: $5 reward.;* .
Address ARTHUR A. LOTTO, Press Clu*£|!, ..
LOST— lrish setter dog; very heavy feathered;^
answers to name "Gypsy": tag number 71.W-
Return to WILLIAM LUND, 2716 Webster
st., and receive liberal reward. ' .
LOST, from Larkin to McAllister to Halght-st.
car via Stanyan st., one solitaire diamond
earring Liberal reward if returned to MRS.
WM. CRONAN. 17 Baker St.. near Haight.
LOST— On San Jose train Friday afternoon,
lady's black purse eontaln'ng- cuff buttons,
pencil, etc.: no question?; $10 reward at The
John Fllnn Metal Works. 315 Howard st.
LOST— Between Minna and Mission. Thursday
night, lady's pocketbook containing small
change, coin, bracelet and papers. Reward
at 120 Twelfth st.
LOST— Diamond- ring on Market St.; full value
paid for return. 711 Van Ness aye.
FOUND— Bunch of keys near Risdon Jron
Works. JOHN McINTOSH. 3C East rt__
LOST -Satchel containing sursclcal instruments;
suitable reward. C. E. FARNUM, M.D., 303
Parrott building.
WHITE bull terrier; name Tempo; ears uncut;
reward. 30 California Market.
MASSAGE.
MASSAGE: gentlemen treated at residence. D. I
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny st. : hours. 4 to 5 p.m.
MEDICAL.
GOODWIN lady's physician, formerly -
of 401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market st.;
now at lIS Eddy St.. one block from Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket st. ; bet. Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5.
MRS DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Lark'n.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician, 122S
Market St.. bet. Taylor and Jones. ■
MRS. DR. WEGENER. ladies' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to » p. m.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
WANTED by party having excellent oil prop-
erty, several persons with small capital to
organize corporation for development. Box
2371. Call. j
WANTED— Partner to relocate places^, also
Government land. J. BELL. Oakland. Cal.
MINES AND MINING.
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for pale
in a paying gold mine at $1 per share; will .
advance to $3 within six months: owner need-
ing money badly must sacrifice; purchaser
may deal with owner direct. W. F. ARAM,
Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills bldg.. S. F. : tei. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN. 648 Mission, pays good commission.
2%. 3 and 4 h.p. gasoline or gas engines; cheap.
NEWELL BROS., 117 First St.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
PATENT for sale— nut-locking device for
vehicles, etc. Apply at 1221 Green st. '
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
FOR sale— Lot 25x137 south side of Golden
Gate aye., bet. Laguna and Octavia sts.; in-
come $40. Address J. B. FRENCH. NW. cor-
ner of Ellis and Broderlck sts.
FOR SALE— 2B cows, 14 heifers, 6 horses. 2
milk wagons, harness, cans, cooler, etc., and
$350 route: terms cash. Address 8., Call
Agency, San Jose.
FOR sale— An aluminum bicycle, almost new,
reasonable; leaving city cause of sale. Box
2090, Call office. . '
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main 5096.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies, .
boilers »nd engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus: bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
SIX h.p. gasoline engine; also 15 h.p. portable
boiler & engine. Kro^h Mfg. Co., Stevenson st
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St., S. F.. Cal.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1309 Mission St.. near Ninth.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 In. : gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES', children's cast-off clothing bought,
sold; postal. Mrs. Koster, 918 Montg'mery ay.
2 DENTAL chairs; must be Al and a bargain.
Ohio Dental Parlors, inc., 850 Market st. ;
open evenings and Sundays, 9 to 2.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst. -
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
gold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. US Montgomery-
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payabls
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 63-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 3. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. 7.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission at., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount of 6\i per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R.' McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
PARTIES desirous of borrowing $50 to $200 on
note or business at 8 per cent, address Lender,
box 1255, Call office.
LOANS on furniture, pianos, Jewelry, stock; low
rates. J. H. EPSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
. out Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldit.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 418 Montgomery.
ON furniture,' pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lr-dorser. TOUSLEY. 592. Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need 4
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st. J
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. i
AS we are selling good upright pianos for '
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prl eg are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN CLAY & CO
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou«a
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; piano? organs ami
all other musical instruments of all grad",
and prices -terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments $5 75 ud - '
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Kilts!
W. G. &*£?** 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis piano,, ° r
A BARGAIN —• Steinway urjr!»ht chelpT
BCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next HibernU Bank.MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
FEW GOOD "BARGAINS^ ~~~
-lord upright 8115
Cornish upright i::::::::::::::::::::::;::::::^
emith & Barnes ........'.'.'.'.'. V" 135
ta"?! w e w?^-?: 1 P Ilinca1 li nca BENT ' CUR -
TA.-. .v- __VJQ Q-Farrell st.
V£(&t~ U l^ri for JlOoTnemme & Long. $175;
nt \? *T'v^T'P ecker & Son - * m ' _ll bargains
Ct MALVALV. 763 Market st. •
i"OU get good pianos aTreasonable prices and
en easy terms at MAUVAIS*. 769 Market at
P ?£* E ~ "i )rl eht •sacrificed for cash.
Room 12. Flood building.
22£?eri_!2 ltl - - lor:l e ( " on lie cheap for cash
-Ml r _S'. N _?._ SToRAGB - 171<) Market st.
A— &-3 UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the lamoua Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP; Btel&way upright: also the famous
Hor&unK Bros.' pianos. 215 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Maury and other pianos. 308
Post st.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYItON MAUZY, SOS Post st.
KNABE pianos: r.'.'w scale: new styles. KOII- |
LKR &ICHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violin.--, zithers, old and new. H. i
MULLKn. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. !
OFFICES AND STORKS — TO LET. |
OLD-ESTABLISHED shoemaker shop; "fine
. business location; cheap rent. Inquire COl
:Larkln-gt.
MARKET, i:::— T'.irt of small store; very rea-
sonabie. Opposite Van Ness aye.
STORE~a^a" r .-,. m tcT'7tT$ 6 ninthly. IGSS How-
ard St., nii.ii- Twelfth.
FOR rent cr :\.r lease. 953 Howard St.. large
tore an.l !ir** concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of CounTstTaer^
main. GIC Geary It., above Jones; classes; '
office hours. 1 to S p. m.; reaiilnK by mall, $1. ;
PAIITNEHS M ANTED.
PARTNER with J2:.00 to incix-ase stock hard-
ware .business; cleared J6OOO in 1 yr. : "stab. I
over 20 yr.-. M. K. M.. Call office, Oakland. I
'(; PERSONALS.
A NEW great difcovery for the permanent :
• removal of FV.ptr'luous hair a^id a great pro-
Kress In medical science, which allows both
men ar-.J women to dispense with the painful •
electric needle, which is very often danger- j
■ Ci:s to i:s«r. 1
Therefore it would be well for any one who ,
is affli.n. <: with such 1 disfigurement to call !
upon me.
Dr. Popper, specialist for all kinds of dis- !
flgtU—ne&t on the face, cures freckles, moles, ;
pimples. : I ickworma, scars. Also a new meth- !
•id to cure birthmarks, tan, mot, wrinkles. i
Also Clears complexion, etc., etc., and every !
case is i^jaranteed by the well-known Dr.
Popper, who has practiced here In the city far
th« pa.'t 27 years. For any of these cases he
will send treatment to any part of th- coun-
try. DR. V. PER, 31S Kearny St., S. F. |
OSTRICH feathers and feather l>oas cleaned!
and . urlel at short . notice. 821 Ellis st., i
between i'olk st. and Van .Ness ave. j
MRS. A. L. JONES— CaII immediately MRS.
DH. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st . Alameda.
PAINTING and paper hanging: rooms papered.
$2 :.O up. JENSEN & BATH. 30S Sixth St.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at I
Palace Of Art, 16 Post st. Ladies with escorts j
admlttfd from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E. ;
HAQUETTE. i
MRS.'LTJ.WHEELOCK has removed La Verite j
Toilet Parlors to 114 J Market st., near Taylor, :
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec- I
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307_Sansorne st. I
ANNlE— Where did you get your tailor-made ;
suit? At the EASTERN OUTFITTING CO., 1
1206 Stockton. I paid for same at $1 per week. •
ASSORTMENT cf imported and domestic rem- j
nants (or suits to order, $10 75: pants, S3 75; j
nothins higher. One-I'rlce Tailoring C 0.,. 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel. 1
\vantk: Name lyid address of persons owing ]
moriga*:-? to Pucilie States Hulldlng and j
Lean Association, who have paid in on stock '
for 6or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBERG, !
€32 Market st., S. F., room 23.
JOHN L. HOONE. | Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., Laws a Specialty
San yrancifco, Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC ll^i-.ts In every room; Winchester j
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms; !
23c to Jl 50 i>er night; $1 50 to $6 per week; ;
free 'bus and b(" 1* to and from the ferry. j
THE face beautified 1 nd hair dressed in the
very latest style for only 25c; switches. $1 up; j
gray hair restored, $1 50 to S3. G. LEDERER.
123 Stockton st. . j
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
tion. White £c-tviri£ Machine Co., 300 POSt st. j
M—R, LOUJSE*B manicure parlor has removed i
frc.n O'F^rrcl! to 1_ EJdy fit. " ;
FluNGElTof all kTnda at ETTINGER'S. 723 ;
■ Market St.
LEDERER'S Q-Jintonica Hair Tonic gives that !
soft and glossy appearance to the hair; 35c a !
bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
MI-I.T CLAIP.fT BERTRAND. manicure par- \
lors. 23S Kearny st., first floor, rooms 2-3.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: al?o modeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfield, 83S Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co. hair specialists, «row hair ;
or no r>.'iy: boi'k for stamp. 6 Eddy st. i
IF you with full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTI'KI-:, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion; sruarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine. ab. Krny.
BUITSI to oriW on easy installments. L.
LE_O?. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
".VANTKI.'-Ol.i cold for manufa'nir. O. Nolte.
.Tewelf-r. 24S O^FarreU. hot. well & Mason, j
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNKLL. office and residence. i
;P2l'/- Market st.. T.et. -•■■'' s>n<\ Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
I
HOUSE and lot wanted; warm location; near
nr«. CEO. W. • HAPIN, 11 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
FOX rale— House of 10 rooms, suitable for 2
Sfjrnliies; lot 20x110: on Thirteenth s=t., In West '
Oaidand; price }17<>Q; rhcaper for cash; offer i
■wmted; going East the ciius». For particu-
lars api'ly to V/M. CHRIRTIN, Real Estate
Afent. 17"«9 Seventh St., West land.
NEW HOMES.. ....................
F.ve, 6. 7, 9 and 10 room housee. finished !
with all modern conveniences, frontinK on |
Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100 ;
to $4500: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL- ;
SON. Builder.
FOttß-ROOM bay-window cottage; also stable; 1
b: bargain. 1423 Shotweli Ft. l
IF you have lots north of Gol'len Gate Park,
wen "f First aye.. and you wi«h to sell them, 1
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery Et.
fTCO AND ■■■ will bulM 4-room bay-window cot-
tasr"-; house repairing any part of city. SALS- 1
BURY. builder; shop. 1934 Market et.
/i. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ;
•übscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va
lenoia *t.
_-————■—»■—--______, i
;i_AI. ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale '■
"OR EiiLE- Ranch Of 12 acres, mostly all in ;
younjf [.-siring prune orchard; small house;
nice large barn, windmill and tankhouse,
l.rocKJe.-h'juse. incubator and brooders; 350
chickera. 2 horses, wagons, 1 cow, funning
tools, etc.; near railroad station, postofflce 1
and schoolhouse; price 12560. Call or address .
P. PIPPERT, Cotatl, Sonoma County, Cal.
.VANTKlj— Ranch on shares; will furnish cash. I
H_ !C2',t Slsth Bt.
ro let-About 2O'i acres land, Including 20 acres j
of valuable vineyard, at Lakeville, on Peta-
luma Creek J 5 horses and all the agricultural
implements required. Apply at 109 Fourteenth
si.. San Francisco.
FOB sale— Coo acres of dairying or grazing land
In southern part of Humboldt Co., Cal.; best
of cllwate; plenty of -wood and water; large '
outsi3e pastures; never falling crops. MAR-
TIN R. J S.C.ER. no Taylor St.. S. F.
'.',OOO FOR 2"X) acres best bottom land; all :
fenced; 5000 fruit trees. Write 1 for particulars i
to P. O. box 321. Redding. Cal. ' - '---■;
■— ■ j
ROOMS 1 (til HOUSEKEEPING.
HEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list'
free. Pacific Room-renting Co., 428 Kearny. !
':DDY,--917— Nicely furnithed honsekpg rooms;
splendid location; private res.; no children.
:ir-,HTH. S4J3— 2 Bunny double front parlors,
with kitchen an<l bathroom, furnished for
Sioutst'kecplng; private; near Market st.
KLLIS. 3338— 3 to 5 unfurnished" rooms in mod-
ern sunny flat: all conveniences; chear>.
I'IFTH. 2°"— Large clean front room, with car-
|,..t and curtains; kitchen; stove; for 2; $9 50.
[-■"Til. 30?— New corner house; sunny bay-win-
,h,w room, with kitchen: other rooms; reas.
•'iI.SOM, 103CH— 2 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; top flat.
3F.ARY. .vr— Nice sunny suites for housekeep-
ing; double and single rooms; phone."
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 437— Lower flat; 4
room-3_J'*egantly furnished; also single rooms.
HARRIS" -'N. 736— Fine sunny furnished flat of
I or i re jms for housekeeping; gas; bath. I
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
HOWARD, 829— Housekeeping rooms, 11 76 to $3
per wetk; also other rooms.
HOWARD, 76114— Nice sunny furnished suite;
nitchen; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
. keeping:; running water.
JESSIE, Four large sunny rooms; rent $8.
MCALLISTER, 1131— Furnished parlor, bed-
. room, dining-room. kitchen; bath; no chjldren.
MINNA. 514—2 furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. ■
NATOMA, :r Furnished rooms to let; $1,
$1 25, $1 50; housekeeping rooms, $2 50.
NINTH, 113—2 lan?e sunny front rooms for
housekeeping; running water and bath; also
1 single room; reasonable..
OCTAVIA. 1408, corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, mantel, kitchen, gaa stove; $13.
STOCKTON, 1307— -Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap^
TENT! 136. corner Minna— Front basement
housekeeping room; also single.
THIRD. 31C— Nice parlor bay-window suite .for
housekeeping: . •
THIRD. 608— nice rooms; sunny; suitable for
keeping. ' : '
THIRTEENTH. 829, near Valencia— Sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room; also single room;
rent $7 and $4.
TURK, E34Vv— 3 sunny roqrns, nice furniture;
complete for housekeeping; pas, bath.
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 a-
lencia st. --'-
CHEAPEST an* best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 11,
•"•'stage paid.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and I nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Bixth — Rooms,
25c to Jl per night; U .'.' to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all* night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 v a-
lencia st. '
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms Me to $150 day. MRS. J. g-INU.
AT E2 ■■ ■■..! St., double rooms for week. $1 50
to 13; single. $1 to $1 50; day. Be to 50c.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 726— Furnished sunny front room for
gentleman at $7 per month; private.
CAR RO LTON, 1206 Marl&t, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & Offices.
CLARA, 44, nr. Fourth— Sunny furnished front
room; private family.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY, 330— Newly furnished sunny rooms in
neat ;:ivato bouse; modern conveniences.
ELL'S, 321 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms. 25c
a night, $1 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS. 51S— Fine large sunny rooms; newly
furnished; gas; bath; running water; $5 up.
EXCELSIOR House, 39 Turk. cor. Taylor—
mangt. . Funny front bay-wind, rms.; trans' nt.
FELL. US — Newly furnished dpuble and single
rooms; sunny; private.
FIFTH. 3,"3— Furnished rooms, double and sin-
gle. $0 to J7; store with housekeeping.
FIRST floor. 4 rooms, furnished; rent cheap.
3017 Sacramento st.
FRANKLIN. 227— Newly furnished room; gas;
bath, private family; gentlemen; $7.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY. 441 7the Harvey)— Nicely furn. rms.;
bath, running water; thoroughly respectable.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK ii us-. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming hi use; : l 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 78414— Nicely furnished sunny
rjoms;all conveniences; homelike; $lweek up.
HAVES, 114—1 or 2 unfurnished rooms to let
cheap.
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, US Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD 1522— Lovely front sunny room; bay
window; 'very reasonable; other rooms.
HUGHES HOUSE, 214 Third— Newly. renovated;
25c to r,oc per night; $150 to $3 per week.
HYDE, 7, near City Hall— 2 sunny front rooms;
suitable for gentleman.
IF yon w!sh to stop at.n reasonable, quiet and
respectable rooming-house, try 52 Second st.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite 1 unfurnished
rooms. $10.
LEWIS IS. off Taylor, near Post— 2 unfur-
nished rms.; large closets; $8; also 1 room, $3.
MAIN. 311 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
gentlemen, from $4 up per month.
MCALLISTER, 702*4— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms to rent, en suite or single;
private family.
MISSION, 921#—2 nicely furnished rooms In
a neat, private family. _
MISSION. 1135 — Nicely furnished front room,
suitable for gentlemen; $7. ;
MISSION 1514, near Eleventh— Sunny single
front room; private family; central; <1 25 wk. j
NATOMA, 446— Sunny front room, $5 per month;
private family; nicely furnished.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. arid single, $.'. up; also hskpg.
NINTH. 2' n»ar Market — Front bay-window
suite; housekeeping or not; gas; water; }11.
OAK, 116 — Sunny bay-window suit and sin-
gle room; furniture and carpets new; gas and
bath. - .
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 537— Large room, suitable for 1
or - gentlemen; private family.
POST, 217— Pleasant sunny furnished rooms by
the lay. week or month.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis et.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. Ssc to $1 50; week, $2
to 18; month, $8 to $30; elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cord water; baths.
SEVENTH, 262— Nicely furnished rooms; sunny
all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH. PARK. 46, near Third— Nicely fur-
nished room In private family; bath and gas.
STOP hunting furnished rooms; get list free,
Pacific Room Renting Co., 428 Kearny st.
THE Heath, 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
■ and board; hot and cold water; telephone;
modern: all conveniences.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms. $2 per week;
also slnele rooms for men.
TO LET— Furnished rooms. 11l Eighth St.,
near Mission; quiet house.
TURK. 32. bet. Mason and Taylor— Nicely fur-
nished front room. J2 50 per week; also other
rooms from $1 25 up. .
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pnirlnir at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SPECIAL notice— Notice Is hereby given that
the transfer books of THE BANK OF CALI-
FORNIA will be closed on SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 30. 1893. at noon, and will reopen on
MONDAY. October 18. 1899. upon which latter
date certificates for new shares will be ready
for delivery. By order of the Board of Direc-
tor*. ALLEN M. CLAY, Secretary.
NICE private home in confinement: most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfelffcr. mid-
wire, 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country.' PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
U paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
STORAGES AND WAREHOUSES.-
CALA." Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 11 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
JsWAPH-KIG AND LITTLK. .! ..-
"DOMESTIC" sewing machine; good as
trade for furniture. Box. 1292, Call office.
COZY bed lounge or bicycle for furniture or
carpets. * Box 2162. Call office.
DIVIO END NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— No. 97 (Mo per-
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Mon-
day. October 2, 1899. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday,' September • 28. 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. m. £. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE SAN FKA£ I CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTE3IBER 30, 1899.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AXAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
|650— WATER-FRONT lot, with plain house.
?12r>0— Southwest corner Santa Clara aye., near
Grand et., 50x125.
— Large seven-room house, lot 50x150; San
Jose aye. Great bargain.
$3750— New house, eight rooms. San Jose aye.,
near Chestnut St., lot 40x150. '
• $4000 — house, eight rooms, San Jose aye.,
lot 50x150; near Chestnut st. •
Finest northweFt corner on Morton St.-,
lot 100x150, with beautiful residence.
E. D. JUDD CO..
..-;•. 1424 Park street.
SNAP— New Houje, 8 rooms and bath; lot 60s
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
. tlon. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.' .'
IN Alameda— lots for immediate sale.
J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St., Alameda,
■ ALA3IEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; -large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW colonial house; 5 rooms and porcelain
bath tub: pantry; hot and cold water; sta-
tionary tubs; folding doors; city water;
brick foundation; street sewered and graded;
large lot; $1750; Just think, only $100 oash,
balance $18- monthly; this- property Is in
good location, being close to schools,
churches, stores and 2 electric-car lines; take
Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station, ask
for RUDOLPH & PERKINS; office open
Sundays and- evenings. , . •
FOR sale— Almost new; 5 rooms; bath; pantry:
hot and cold water; stationary tubs; folding-
doors; bay-windows; high basement; fruit
trees; chicken yard: stable: all fenced and
cross fenced; price $1250,' only $100 cash bal-
ance $12 50 monthly; bank loaned $1000 on
this property; take Berkeley train, get off art
Lorln station, ask .for RUDOLPH & PER-
KINS; office, open • Sundays and evenings.
SPECIAL bargain In a nice B-room cottage,
with bath, barn, well, windmill and tank;
all In good condition and only 6 minute**
walk from station, for $1050. See O. G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.
FOR SALE~-Fine residence site; corner Vine
and Spruce, bet. Vine and Cedar. North
Berkeley; outlook on bay; very desirable for
home; garden, orchard; any amount. Terms,
owner. HEMENWAY. 1518 Spruce.
BEBKELBY HOUSES TO ' LET.
FOR rent, in desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2550-COST $4000; finest cottage at Lorin sta-
tlon, Berkeley; 8 rooms; double kitchen and
dining-room; porcelain bath; cement tubs; 2
toilets; elegant mantels; china closet; fine in-
terior and exterior finish; observatory; fin-
ished basement; inside stairway; extra built
2 years ago by S. F. merchant; lot 50x135;
choice shrubberies; chicken, houses; barn;
close to S. F. local station and electric cars;
a sacrifice: owner slmpfy must sell. •
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth st., Oakland.
$1375— SPLENDID bargain in 2 cottages, 4 '
rooms each, on lot 25x145:6; Center St.; good
condition; near cars, etc!, and well rented;
all for $1375. Apply quickly ALDEN CO.,
HIS Broadway.
RARE chance for hotel man; $5000 to close an
estate; large corner lot with elegant 21-room
house; cost $10,000. M. L. WURTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway. --' i
OAKLAND FURXITURE FOR. SALE. j
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the '
furniture dealer. IHh and Franklin. Oakland. ■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued a3-fn\*icr«vs:
Frederick Gamma and Theresa Eberhardt.. 23-15
John P. Splllane and Eva Cody 23-21
Janves Ryan Jr. and Eva L. Holloway 21-19
Oscar W. Peterson and America Buttler 24-21
Michael J. Casey an.l Helene Gall van.... 24-25
Charles A. Corr and Bessie Hergin 30-28
Emanuel Valencia and Mabel Eadon 42-27
Charles O. Llndberg and Anna Q. Bruun. .3B-26
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ■
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorse.; with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOHN.
HEALY— In this city, September 27, 1?99, to th«
wife of W. J. Healy, a son.
LASSEN— In Alar:.- •;.,. Sentember 27. 1599, to
the wife of Albert C. Lagsen. a daughter.
MARRIED.
ARCHER— KROGER— In this city. September
2S, 1899, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, Albert _
Archer and Freda M. Kroner, both of San
Francisco. ."-'• ■■
BERWIN— ROTHSCHILD— In this city, Sep-
tember 20, 1899, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto,-
Robert Berwln and Gussie Rothschild.
BUSSE— HACHMEISTER— In this city, Sep-
tember 28, 1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
August Busse and Annie D. Hachmelster.
HORTON-RACKLIFFE— the residence of
the briik-'s parents, Hollister. September 27
1899, by the -Rev. .1. W. Bryant, Lemuel Hor-
ton and Luella J. Rackliffe.
MAIER— MINZENMEYERr-In' this city, Sep-
tember 21. 1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
Leonard Maler and Emma Alinzenmeyer
SCHWAR&-KRON— In this city, September 17
1559. by the Rev. Dr. J. NUHo. William W.
Schwarz and Hattle Kron.
WALSH— MURPHY— In this city, September 27
1599, by the Rev. Father Stokes. Thomas
Walsh and Nellie Murphy, both of San Fran-
j cisco.
DIED.
Braesch. John N. Henscher, David
Cordes, Anna A. Huerne, L. E. P.
Corr, James Kelley, Cephas L
Curtis, Michael Mitchell. Mary
Daeweritz, Moritz Murphy, John J.
Demerest, James 11. Nelson, Louis
Donlon, John Peterson, Mary
Elliott, Richard E. Rider, Frederick G.
Fritz, Joseph Seannell, John
• Fuson, Almo (ie C. Stack, Itichard J. :
Gansevoort. Eliza E. Todd. John A.
Godchaux, Sophie
BRAESCH— In this city, September 29, 1899
John N. Braesch, beloved Infant son of John
K. E. and Clara E. Braesch, and brother of
Elizabeth Braesch. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 months and 8 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-*
j fully Invited to' attend the funeral this day !
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1043 Pacific street, between
Mason and Taylor. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
CORR— In this city. September 28, 1899, James
beloved husband of Georsie Corr. beloved
son of Rose Ann and the late Owen Corr
and brother of Frank and Charles Corr, Sis- |
ter Mary Baptist Corr and Mrs. Walter El- '
mer, a native of San Francisco, aged 40 years. j
C_TFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(.Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 3529 Sixteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, Sixteenth and Dolo-
res streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary. Cemetery.
CORDES— In Alameda, September 27, 1899, i
Anna A., beloved daughter of Hermann and ■
the late Rebecca Conies, and sister of Ed- !
ward J. J., Louis J. and Elise R. Cordes, a na- '
tive of San Francisco, aged 36 years and 5
days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 . o'clock, at the
family residence, 1332 High street, Alameda.
Interment private. Mountain View Cemetery.
CURTIS— In South San Francisco, September
2'J. 1t99, Michael Curtis, beloved son of tne
late James and Margaret Curtis, and brother
6f Mrs. Frank Zimmerman,, a native of Port-
land. Conn., d 37- years.
fCTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Gantner & Gunta ■ Un-
dertaking Company, 8 and 10 City 'Hall
square.
DB'.MEKEST— this city, September 28, 1899,
Jtim-^fi 11.. husband of Phoebe A. • Demerest
and father of Frank W. Demerest, a native
of Newport. R. 1., aged SO years 11 months
and 1G days.
C.'?* Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at Pioneer Hall. Fourth street,
near Market. Interment private. In Masonic
■ Cemetery. • ' \
DAEWERITZ^-In Mill Valley, September B,
]■:■. Morlt* Daeweritz. a native of Germany.
HLNRY J.GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South B*.
N. F. Dethlefsen. - - Chas. 'H. Jacob.
CHAS- H- JACOB CO t&^H^E 1 !
. Snook. Funeral ' Directors and Embalm-
ed. 318 Mason street, bet; : Geary and
O'Farrell streets. Telephone Main 5213. -
aged EG years. A member of Verein Eintracht
and San Francisco Lodge No. 1. O. d. H. S
B7Frie_d9 ami acquaintances are rwipoct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), iinm Eintracht Hall. Twe.fta
street, near Fnlsom. where funeral services
will be held, under the auspices oi the \ erein
Eintracht, commencing at 2 o'clock. Remain;
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. UJj Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
termont Laur>>i Hill Cemetery.
DONLON— In Dublin. Alameda County. Sep-
teml..r 2.. _89, John ponlon, a native of
County Longford, Ireland, as^d 70 years.
(u^Fri^nd: and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to nttenri the funeral servl'-s
Monday October 2. at 9 o'clock, at his lai
residence in Dublin. Alameda County, Cal.,
thence to St Michael's Church, where a mass
wflj he celebrated for the rei>cse of his soul.
Interment at LlveflßOfi .
ELLIOTT— In the City an.l County Hospital,
September 28. 1899, Richard E. Elliott, a na-
tive of Maine, aged 70
FRITZ-In this city. September 27, IS?9. Joseph
Fritz, a native of Germany, aged 4S years.
{TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing- parlors of Thf>o. Dierks, !*"7 Mission
Stfei t. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FUSON— In Alameda, September 29. 1899, Almo
do Cartiret, infant son of Almo C. and Maud
A. Wands Fusun', a native of California, aged
9 days.
GANSEVOORT— In this city, September SB,
1899. at the residence of her daughter, Mrs.
E. n. E'loth. Eliza Edna, wife of James
Gansevoort. and daughter of the late General
G. A. Loomis, IT. S. A.
GOIXTIAUX— In this city, September 2?. 1839,
Sophie, beloved wife of Adolph Godchaux,
and mother of Mrs. Sylvaln Solomon anil Ed-
mnnl. Hflene. Myrtle, kebecca and Josephine
Godchaiix, a native of France, aged 75 years
5 months and IS days.
ICTFrlonfls aud acquaintances are resi>ect-
fully invited to attend the funt-ral to-morrow
(Sun-ay), at 10 o'clock, from' tho family rosi-
dence, corner Broadway and Uuchanan street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
HENSCHER— San I^eandro, September 29.
" 1599, David Henscher, aged 71 years and 1
month. . ' '
[C7'Frl* nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence in San' Leandro.
HUERNE— anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for- the rerx>se of the soul
of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at the'
Church of Notre Dame dcs Victoires. Bush
street, below Stockton, Monday. October 2.
commencing: at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are 'respectfully invited to at-
tend.
KELLEY— In this city, September 29, IS??,
Cephas Leavitt, beloved son of Mrs. S. A.
and the late CPDhas G. Kplley. and brother
of C. Estelle Kelley, a native of Oakland,
Cal., aged 26 years 1 month and 29 days.
(Vermont and Massachusetts papers please
copy.) :»:•'■, 3 " •_ ;
IT/" Notice of funpral hereafter.
MITCHELL— In Visalia, Cal., September 29.
1539, . Mary, beloved wife of C. A. Mitchell,
mother of Ethel Mitchell, daughter of the
late John and Catherine Kelly, and sister of
Joseph, John and Annie Kelly, a native of
San Francisco aged 27 years.
CTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
Street. Interment .Mount Calvary Cemetery-
MURPHY— In Oakland, September 2S, 1599,
John J. M'irnhy, beloved husband of Mary
Murphy, father of Thomas and Ellen Mur-
phy, brother of James. and Michael Murphy
and Mrs. Humphry Gallagher, brother-in-law
of Thomas Dowd, and nephew of M. F. Don-
leavy, a native of the parish of Killoe,
County Iyinfrford, Ireland/ aged 34 years.
t_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resl- :
dence, 468 Sixth street, thence to the Church ;
of the Immaculate Conception, where serv-
ices will be held 'at 2 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
NELSON la this city, September 2S, 1599,
Louis Nelson, a native of Germany, aped 40
years. A member of Court Sherwood Forest
No. 7920. A. O. F.
(C Friends and acquaintances and members
of Court Sherwood Forest No. 7920, A. O. F..
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors 'of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 Powell street, near Post. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery-
.PETEßSON— ln this city. September 2S. 1599,
Mar/ .'••.T-. --. beloved mother of Frank
Augsberger, a native of Baden, Germany,
age.l 48 years. '.
Friends and c/Ajjualntances are respect-
fully Invited to a>fend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at VJm o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente_/%_"aTTni & Co., l"'-4 Stockton street.*
lnt-r.n'tnt I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
,'iIIDKR— In this city. September 23, 1899. Fred-
erick <?., husband of Llewella F. Rider, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 53 years and
6 nlonths. (Lewlston and Dover, Me., papers
please copy. )
K_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1214 Fell street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. • » —
SCAN NELL— In Oakland, September 29, 1599,
John Scan— tell, beloved brother of Mrs. J. W.
Sullivan, and nephew of Mrs. J. J. O'Con-
nor, a native of Curra'luff. parish of Camp,
County Kerry, .Ireland, .aged 37 years and .2
; months.' :
(ETKemalns nt the parlors of.J. C. O'Con-
nor 1 Co., 767 Mission street.
STACK— In this city. September 28. 1899,' Rich-
ard J., beloved husband of Margaret Stack,
and father of Mrs. M. E. Hall, Thomas F.
Stack, bidter M. Alacocne. O. S. D., and
James J.. Margaret G. and Joseph R. Stack,
S. .1 . a native of the City of Cork, Ireland,
agpri i.2 years and 1 months.
t_FFriendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 422 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
I TODD— In this city, September 2", 1899, John
I A. Todd, beloved husband of Annvllla Todd,
and father of Robb. Todd and Mrs. Mamie
Martin, a native of Westmoreland. England,
aired 71 years 9 months and 16 days.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C C McWhinney. Ariz J IS Moore, Garland !
R D Poole, Molina Mrs .1 B Moore, Cal
11 Ohatterton, Sacto .i Moore, Cal
V D Goodrich & w, W W Bradbury, Cal !
San Jose |J Falke, Needles
M 11 Dlggs, Woodland iF B Sharkey. N V
H Elienberg, Chgo n C Danes. Cal
T MtiKC". Kan City R F Huffman. Cal
J McDonnell. Menlo A Davidson. NY
R T Priest. Plxley XV M Wallace, Fresno '
,W C Rallsback, Con- IQm C \V Roberts,
cord San Diego
J £> Watson, Stockton Misses Sampson, Cal
W M Atkinson. 0 S N|W B Wall, Woodland '
L. Southmayd, Cal IMrs <i W Emigh. Deny
J B l>oud, Rochester II C Cross. Denver
H Weadorf, Mont H L Kline. Pal
J Griffith, Seattle D C Mitchell. Idaho
Mrs B Briggs. Seattle C M Goodnow. USA I
H E O'Neal. Seattle A Bdenbn, Cal
Mrs E P Hall, Chgo Q <_; Fra.»er, Cal
Mis!" X Dillon. Chgb J W Bowen, L Ang
W D Kennedy & w, A Henry, Stockton
Chicago J Ross Jr. Cal •
It T Brain. Los Ang M X Dailey, S Jose
H H Cooper, Los Ang C R Whitcher Jr. Cal
Mrs I* Eagerly, Cal E A Preble, Cal
E Rum, Selma C A Warfield, Merced '■
Mrs E Ross, Selma R\V Curtis. El Paso I
M T Heavey, Cal W R Kays. Chgo
C Mulkey, Alaska W 1' Thomas, Ukiah
J Baliler & fam, Port- D Beattie, Alaska
land
PALACE HOTEL.
A L-Levlnsky, Stocktn A J Huston, Cleveland \
W F Franklin, N V Mrs Huston. Cleveland
B Bellerby, London jJ P Crerar, Canada
W Mitchell. USA C Monroe, L Angeles j
L M Perkins. Ark ' PL McDermott. N V |
O E Goodman Jr, Napa W T Ellis &f, Marys v I
\V G Baymiller, Sacto L Helm. Los Angeles |
C C Pulis, USA W M Palmer, Oakland '
D A Judd. Los Angeles FA Lewis, N J
Mrs Judd. Los Angeles Mrs E P Buckingham, |
A E Short. Topeka . i Vaeavllle
E T Wallace, Yreka Mrs v Clement. N V
VV M Botsford. Vancvr C II Morrison, 111
P H Fox. Alaska i E Mayland, Burllngm i
Misg II Fox. Alaska C B 'White, Truckee
Miss M Fox. Alaska jII J Crocker. Burlingm i
W C Forbes. Boston ,O D Norton, U8 N .
J C Curtis, Portland ! Mrs Curtis, Portland
NEW, WESTERN HOTEL. '.
3 F Rector. Va • C G Edwards, Chicago
AW McKee. ill h v McKee. Mont
a v: Schenck, Ky T J Wanek. Chicago
V Dairsart. San Jose A C Burke. N.Y
W McOracken. S .lope C 3 King, San Jose
W M Norton- & w. Cal Mrs Thompson, L Ang
R A Smith. Chicago C Wj Meyers &w, Cai
T M Duffy. Vallejo H VP Wilder & w. Ca!
■p V Kile Stockton D Henderson & w,B C
T E Joha'nsen, NY ' II Williams, X, Ang
GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATES.
Department of Justice Looks Into the ;
Killing of the Italians.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 29.— Attorney
General has dispatched a special agent of
the Department of Justice to Louisiana j
to make an official inquiry into the kill
iiiK of the five Italians at Talulah some
months ago. The last word from the Gov
ernor of the State indicate^ that he could
make no report on the subject : until, the
Grind Jury, which meets next January,
has looked into the killing, and the De
partment of Justice is therefore obliged
to act in order that the material may be
had for Congress at the approaching ses
sion. _
To the Commercial Congress.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion yesterday Julian Sonntag was ap
pointed a deleg-ate to represent that body
at the National Commercial Congress,
which convenea In Philadelphia in Jhe
early part of the coming month. At that
gathering will be representatives from all
partp of the world, who are to discuss
matters relating to- trade and commerce
in general. Professor George Davidson
has consented to represent the local
Chamber of Commerce.
NO SCARCITY OF
INQUIRY IN THE
REALTY WORLD
Outlook Is Decidedly
Encouraging.
REAL estate brokers report but little
actual business during the past
week, but although sales have
been few, comparatively speaking,
there has been no lack of inquiry,
and the general tone of the market
Is decidedly encouraging. That the tem
porary lull Is not Indicative of a tendency
toward the lethargy that characterized
the summer months is evident to all who
are in the least familiar with existing
conditions, and the brokers themselves
were never more sanguine of a prosperous
winter season than they are at the pres
ent moment. This faith in the early en
hancement of rfalty values in San Fran
cisco has been forcibly illustrated during
the past few weeks by the numerous per
sonal Investments of the men whose busi
ness Jt is to buy and sell property for oth
ers, pocketing their commissions and tak
ing no chances on the fluctuations of the
market.
The only sale of any consequence during
the week was that of the residence prop
erty owned by James A. Donohoe Jr., on
Broadway, near Buchanan street. The
lot has a frontage of about 137:6 on the
north side of Broadway 137:6 west of
Buchanan, with a depth of 275 feet, ex
tending through to 'Vallejo street. The
purchaser was James L. Flood and the
price paid was JSO.OOO. It is understood
that Mr. Flood contemplates the removal
of the present building and the erection of
a $50,000 family residence on the site,
which commands a magnificent view of
the bay. The sale was mad« through
Thomas Magee & Sons. Among other
sales reported are the following:
Easton, Eldridge & Co. have sold the
two-story cottage and lot,' 50:6x127:8, on
the south line of Jackson street, for $6500;
cottage and lot, 25x75, on Tehama street,
between First and Second, $40"0; residence
(No. 1519) and lot, 21x112 feet, on Grove
street, near Baker, $2800; lot 27:6x120 feet,
and improvements, on the north line of
Filbert street (No. 2018), near Buchanan,
$1500; lot and improvements on the south
line of Geary street (No. 1513), between
Laguna and Buchanan, 34x137:6 feet, $6000;
lot and improvements on the north line of
Aahbury Street (No. 1056), near Seven
teenth. 50x95 feet, $1575; four flats and lot.
25x75 feet, on the north line of Tehama
street (No. 164), east of Third street. $2500.
The Hibernla Savings and I>oan Society
has sold to Mary A. Quinn the property
on the north line of Geary street. 62 feet
east of Lyon street, lot 26x80 feet, for
$1300.
. A. M. Speck & Co. have sold the Bishop
Kip residence property, consisting of one
rifty-vara lot and improvements on the
• southeast corner of Eddy and Franklin
Streets. Schwartz Bros, purchased S2x
1 137:6. the name of the purchaser of the
i remaining portion not being given. The
terms are private.
Robert Hubbs has bought of John E.
Cottle, executor, the property on the
south line of Golden Gate avenue, 177:b
feet west of Leavenworth street, lot 20
by 57:6, for $9500. ,
Isaac H. Morse has bought of the John
i E. Ruggles estate the residence and lot,
55x120 feet, on the southeast corner of
Hush and Gough streets, for H5.000. The
sale was made by B. M. Gunn & Co. Mr.
Morse bought the property for a place of
residence. •
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will hold an
auction sale of real estate on Tuesday,
October 3, at noon. The list embraces
some very desirable property, including a
Western Addition corner lot and residence
at Eddy and Broderick streets; Western
! Addition flats, southwest corner of Orar
rell and Beideman streets; smith-of-Mar
i ket investment at Nos. 5 and 5 1 * Harriet
' Btreet, near Howard street; Western Ad- :
dltion store and Bat at l_lo and 1212 Stelner
street' Ashbury Heights residence and lot
at 303 Central avenue, near Page street:
Mission flat and store at Twenty-ih ird
and Alabama streets; Park Panhandle lots
at Central avenue and Waller street;
Mission cottages and lots SO4 and 80b bnot
j well street, near Twenty-second; Presidio
Heights property at 3942 Clay street, near
First avenue, and Mission building lot on
' Twentv-tirst street, near Alabama.
Rudolph & Perkins of Oakland report
i the following sales of property across the
1 bay; House and lot in the Dowling tract
W Thomas Keath of Berkeley for $2000; lot
25. block 3, of the Dowling tract to Joseph
R Roger of Berkeley for $3oO; lot 16, block
G of the Golden tract to F. Dwyer of San
! Francisco for $500; house and lot to D. __.
' McDonald of San Francisco for $1000.
Loans made during the week ending j
: September 28 by banks, loan associations
and private capitalists aggregate $275^50,
j against $21^1 .('SO for the previous week. The
loans of the savings banks amounted to
><14.-| 135 and were as follows: Hibernia, I
i J6O 67.".; German, $80,500; San Francisco !
Savings Union, $1S,000; Humboldt, $1700;
Mutual. $16,250; French. $1000; Union Trust
I Company. $10,l."«5. and Columbus. $6n"5. The
LuiMing* associations loaned a total of
■ $10 SSO and private capitalists and others
1 loaned $119,165. Among the miscellaneous
I loans was one of $SiS.3?O at 6 per cent and
1 another of $15,000 at 8& The loans by the
' Hibernia and Mutual were at 6 per cent,
the former embracing one of $29,000. The
same bank executed two releases In favor
i of Louise Breese for $100,000 and $75,000 re
-1 spectively. Total releases for the week
were $336,430, against $161,940 for the pre
vious week.
The number of building contracts filed
for record during thhe week were ten
! and aggregated $40,J2«. They Included the
i following: Edwin W. Bennett with Wil
liam Horstmt-yer. Albert Krug and Wil
liam Bohner, for the erection of a three
story frame building on the southeast
corner of Fourteenth and Noc streets, to
cost $11,123; Richard Pahl with O. A.
Craemer, for a two-story frame structure
'■ on the west line of Hyde street. 111:6 feet
! north of Post street, to cost $4565; the En
terprise Brewing Company with Otto
Shrader and Adam Beck for the erection
of a boiler and engine house, on the east
line of Folsom street, 200 feet south of
I Seventeenth street, to cost $4797; N. Han
! son with L-. G. Bergren for the erection
of c two-story frame building, to contain
'' two fiats, on the east -line of Noe street,
I 25 feet north of Henry street, to cost $3850;
: Mrs George H. Wiegner with Marcuse &
i Remmel to build a two-story house and
I stable on the south line of Point Lobos
i avenue, SO feet north of Eighth avenue,
Ito cost $3600. The others range in value
from $1967 to $3385.-
The Board of Panhandle Appraisers,
consisting of J. R. Howell, O. B. Martin,
' H C. Robinson. A. J. Raisch and S. H.
! Kent has filed its report. The cost of ac
-1 quiring the necessary land for the exten-
I sion of the panhandle and for the con
struction of a boulevard connecting Gold
en Gate Park with the Presidio is esti
mated at $4.2-49.390 50. Of this sum the ap
praised value of the real estate is $2,572.
--665 75 and the improvements are valued
at $1676 724 75. The report shows that the
uronertv is at present subdivided into 330
pieces "held by 316 different owners, and
contains 532 buildings.
The following schedule shows the ap
praised value of the real estate and im
■"krovements in each block:
Addition— Block 72, real estate $256.-
Gsn improvementß^lsl.Boo; block 141, real estate
J 1 ' I ! 625 improvements J149.500; block 147, real
' osta'te $217 925, improvements $194,000; block 210,
real estate J157.201 50, improvements $147,240;
block 220. real estate, $155,039 25, improvements
lifj 950; block 287, real estate $141.32.1, Improve- I
merit-; $146,360; block 298, real estate, $142,881 SO,
Improvements $I6S.fC2 75. block 369. real estate
1140 170 Improvements »52,200; block 3.8, real |
eptute ' $126,887 50, Improvements $ii 1,3.",0; block
437 real estate $119,752 50, improvements $119,650;
block 445; real estate $131,950, improvements $67,
--910' block SW, real estate $125,112 50, Improve
ments $179,512: Matfk 525, real estate $149,750, im
jirovement* $26,295.
outside lands— Block 393, reaJ estate J41.425;
block SfiS real estate $21,650: block 296, real
estate $24 625; block 271. real estate $31,250; block
IS4 real estate $42,850; block 169, real estate $30,
--661 Improvements $10,955; Block S4, real estate
557.280, Improvement* $220; block I, real estate
$9*oo, improvements $65(10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Abram Anspacher to Philip and Simon An
spacher. lot on SE corner of Post and Octavia
streets. E 27:6 by S 110; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Pierce street,
ll'j N of McAllister, N 27:6 by W 82:6; also lot
on W line of Van Ness avenue, SO N of Eddy
street, N 40 by W 109:9; gift.
Jacob Deutsch to Bernhard Davidson, lot on
S line of Geary street. 103 :1 V» W of Laguna, W
34:4>i by S 137:6; $10.
Estate of Richard Savage (by Mary J. Rellly.
administratrix) to Juliua S. Godeau, lot on g
line of Filbert street, 137:6 E of Kearny. E 3:6,
S 60, E 24, S 77:6. W 27:6. N 137:6: also property
outside of county; $765.
Margaret McAuliffe to John Rooney. lot on
S line of Nineteenth street, 170 W of Folsom,
W 25 by S 95; $5.
John Rooney to Joseph A. McAuliffe, same;
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
William H. and Mathilde J. Boldt. lot on E
line of Capp street, 75 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by
E 97:fc fin.
Maria Hussey to Robert E. Hussey, lot on
X line of Twentieth street, 230 W of Guerrero,
W 2." by X 114; gift.
Rodolph and Antonio Balmas to Harry T. and
Allen B. Richar.Js. lot on S line of Eighteenth
street, 60 E of Sanchez, E 25 by S 100; »10.
John and Mrs. F. J. Treadwell to Bradford
Investment Company. lot on BE corner of Pa
cific and Kearny streets S 27.«1. SE 142.84, E
■•> -. N 137:6, W 137:6: WO.fIOB.
Patrick. Mary and Thomas S. Baxter, John
J. and Theresa A. Hourigan i ßaxter) to Ellen
and Catherine Baxter, lot on HW line of Lang
ton (Downey) street. 75 SE of Bryant. SE 26
by SW 75; also property outside of county: $10.
John J. and Bridget' Hlcki-y to John M. and
Josephine Hickey, lot on SW corner of Twenty
fifth (Yolo) street ar.d San Bruno avenue iXe
braska) street, S 25 by W 78; 110.
George W. Robinson to Frederick Lubben. lot
on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 106 X of U
street. X* 75 by El"'
George O. Ormsby and Louisa Stephani. lot
on SE line of Cheruhusco street, B0 SW of
Coso. SW 2S by SE 140. lots 4tK and 469, G.ft
Map 3; $62.
Thomas Scale to Henry E. Bothln, lot on
W corner First and Clementina streets. XW
«0 by SW 150; $10.
J. J. and Julia Raver to Annie and Adolph
Mantke, lot on W ltne of I'tah street, 862:5
S of Alameda, S 46 by W 100; $160<V
William W. and Carrie F. K^dnall to James
E. and Mary M6Decmott, lot on W line of
t'tah street. 162 :« Sof Mariposa, S2sby W
100; $10.
Arthur G. and Lydia B. Fisk and Flora E.
Wertheimer (wife of I.) to Annie C. Wiegner
(wife of George H.), lot on S line of Geary
street (Point Lobos avanue), 80 E of Eighth
avenue, E 26:8 by S 100; $10.
Eliza FlaniKan to Bertha T. Barzanti. lot
on E line of Minot street. 175 N of Biaine, N
25 by E 70. lot 23. Gift Man 1: gift.
Estate of Charles C. Rohrle, t>y August G.
Rohrle, administrator, to Otto Knlinow«ky*. lot
on E line of Charter Oak street. 75 S of Au
gusta, S 100 by E 100. lots 471 to 474. Silver Ter
race Homestead; $660.
Estate of Robert A. Marshall (by Eilen M.
Crane, administratrix) to Charles W. Crane,
lot on E line of Franklin street. 100 S of Oak,
S 25 by E !-7:9- $6500.
E. W. and Sarah W. Goggln to A. B. Boyer.
lot on W line of Van Xess avenue, 32:8>4 S of
Jackson street, S 25 by W 100: $"'"'.
John L. Donahue to John MRr<~hl. lot on X
line of Filbert street, 190 W of Buchanan, W
27:6 by X 120; $10.
George E. Morse to Ida H. Morse, lot on N
line of Fr-11 street. SI:S E of Central avenue
(Lott), E 25 by X 100; gift.
Alameda County.
Antonio M. Luz to Mary Luz, lot on N line
of Twelfth street. 165 E of Willow, E 37:6 by N
125. block 725. Oakland; gift.
Alfred J. and S. Lee Hinds to John M. Wil
son, lot on S line of Knox avenue, ISO W of
Telegraph avenue, W 40 by S 140, Oakland; $10.
E. A. Haines to Adele Rupinsky. the \V half
of lot 17, block C. Gaskill Tract, Oakland; $50.
Thomas' Ewirig to Wells. Fargo & Co., all in
terest in lot 71 and B 4:8 of lot 72. block D,
Oakjand View Homestead Association, being
portion of Walsworth 100-acre Tract, Oakland;
no.
George Hammersmith to same, lot 71, block
D, Oakland View Homestead Association, being
portion of same, Oakland; $670.
Edwin K. and Mary A. Alslp. T. Barnewitz.
J. F. Shrader and J. B. Kruz et al. (by John
L. Bromley, commissioner) to B. U. Steinman,
lot on NW corner of Seventh and Chester
streets W 100 by N 72:1%. being the S 72:1*4 of
lota 10 and 11. block 529, Oakland; $16,000.
Henry A. and Lucie B. Butters to Lucile E.
Bray, lot on SW line of Bonita avenue, 300
BE of May avenue. SW 150 by NW 100, being
portion of lot 6, block 5, Revised Map Pied
mont' Park. Oakland Township; gift.
Agnes K. and William R. Finlay to J. S.
Myers lot on W line of McClure street. 140 N
of Prospect avenue, N 45 by W 104, being iot 9,
Map of McClure Academy Grounds, subject to
mortgage. Oakland; $10.
Basil K. Denbigh to Bertha B. Denbigh, lot
on SE corner of Colupa or Slxty-*e2 in 1 street
and Humboldt or Telegraph avenue, E 120.2, -S
50, W 133.70. N 51.55, to beginning, being lot 4.
block X, Roberts and Wolfskin Tract, Map 3,
Oakland; gift.
Pacific Improvement Company (corporation)
to Anson T. Blake, lot on S line -of Thirteenth
street 75 W of Webster, W 25, S 100, E 100,
NW to beginning, being lot 14 and portion or
lots 15 to 18, block — , subject to lease made to
F. M. Davie & Co., August 12. 1597, and expir
ing September 1. 1902, Oakland; $10.
Anson S. and Anita S. Blake :to Frederick
Peteison, same. Oakland; $10.
Abigail B. Hunt and Elizabeth B. Thompson
(by J. B. Lanktree, commissioner) to George
W. Hume, lot on SE line of reservation herein
after referred to.distant 123 SW from SW line
of Echo avenue, thence NW to center 'of Ceme
tery Creek thence SW down the center of said
creek to point of its Intersection by NE line
of lands of Elizabeth B. Flint, by deed of May
5. 188$, thence SE 254.6, SW 5. SE 102. XC 5, SE
39 01 to SE line in aforesaid reservation, thence
NE 225.17, to beginning, being portion of Glen
Echo Tract, Map 2. Oakland: also a right of
way over parcel of land 60 feet wide extending
from Pfedmont • avenue to S line of Cemetery
Creek. Oakland: $2252.
Emilie A Bertsch (wife of William H.I and
Charles S. Tripler Jr. to George R. Williams,
lot on S corner of Tenth avenue and East
Twenty-third street, SE 150 by SW 60, being
portion of double block 13S, Clinton. East Oak
land: $10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Ernest S.
Angel, lot 43 and E 15 feet of lot 44. resubdlvis
ion . block 73, Map of Northern Addition to
Brooklyn. East Oakland; $10.
Alfred S. and Marian E. -Barney to George
Sterling, lot 8, block 4, Revised Map of Pied
mont Park. Oakland Township; $5. I
Charles Babb to Thomas F. Chatfleld. lot on
SW line East Twelfth street, extended dis
tant SW^3B from a point on SW line of East
Fourteenth street and' distant SE 1439.85 from
W corner of East Fourteenth street and Twen
ty-fifth avenue, thence NW 60-, SW 150, NW 80,
SW C 3.21, SE 140.32. NE 224.88, to beginning,
being portion of lots 7 and 8, Map of Subdi
vision of Requa Homestead, quitclaim deed,
Brooklyn Township: $5.
C. B. Willis to George and Harriet Baugh.
lot on SW line of E Nineteenth street, 115 NW
of Thirteenth avenue, NW 35 by SW 112:6, be
ing the N 112:6 of lot IS. and N 112:6 of NW
10 feet of lot 17, block 111, Clinton, East Oak
land: $1500.
Maria N. Eastman to S. B. Abbott, lot 2.
block A, on map. of lots 12 to 17 In Baker's
subdivision of a portion of lot I. Yoakum Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Gertrude B. Wurts to Joseph R. and Clara
J. Rogers, lot 25, block 3, Dowling Tract, Berke
ley: $10.
Florence E. Templeman, Minnie E. F.,
Charles anil William F. Hutchinson to Mary
V. Gurnett. lots 15 and 16. Orchard Tract,
quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Township: $3.
William F. Jones to Frederick and Lottie M.
Jones, lot on E corner of East Sixteenth street
and Twenty-second avenue. SE 37:6 by NE 140,
block 63, San Antonio. East Oakland; gift. .
J. L. and Mary C. Barker -to Frank B.
Thompson, lot on N line of Carlton street, 183.05
W of Grove avenue, W 40 by N 99.40, being por
tion of lots 15 and 16, Map <4t Crystal Springs
Tract, Berkeley; $5.
jO. G. and Eliza B. May to Calvin Esterley.
lot on NW corner of Bancroft way and Chanel
street. W CO by N 120. being portion of lot 4,
block 5, Map of villa lots adjoining the Uni
versity site on the S. Berkeley: $10. ■ ■
Albert and Lou Blair to Home Building Com
pany (a corporation), lot on NW line of" Wil
son avenue. ■ 248.01 NE of . Vernon avenu«. NE
40 by NW 145. being lot 7. Map of East Fruit
vale Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Amos D. Allen to Frank' N. Dodd, lot on S
line of Alameda avenue, 98 :R Wof Lafayette
street. S 150 by W 196:4. beir>g the W 49:4 of lots
1. 10 and 20 and all of lots 2, 3 and 4, block 5,
Bartlett Tract, Alameda; $10. .
Builders' Contracts.
Robert L. Coleman (owner) with MUhoney
Bros, (-contractors), architect Frank S. Van
Trees — All work for a 8-story hrick building on
lot on SE comer of Third and Jesele streetß,
22 on Third ar.d 74 on Jesste: $14.396.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
RETURNED.
Friday. September 29.
Sehr Newark, Beck, on account of strong
NW wind.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Sept 29— Br ship
Karoo, for Greenock.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
QI'EEXSTOWX- Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Lu
canla. from New York, for Liverpool.
BAILBO AD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Bannlit» Parry.
Commencing October 1. 1889.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •9:30, 11:00 a. m. »1:45,
•3:40, 5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m. • .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, '10:00, ♦11:30 a. m. «1:15
3:15, *4:43, 6:30, 9:00 p. m. '
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:35, 7:45, »9:40 a. m
•12:30, 2:15, *3:40. »5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. • 'S:00, *10:00, »11:45 a. m i
•1:40, »3:15, 4:45. «6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43, 6:45, 7:55, 9:45 a. m.;
12:35. 2:35, 3:45, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 anil 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 2:15, 3:30, j
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way stations.
8:40 p. m. — Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales. and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco ' via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, October 1. 1839. ■
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m. .
-, Fare 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40. ■
THOS. COOK & SON, Agts., 621 Market St.
BAILKOAD TRAVEL. _____
m*TYnr.nti b»acj*fic cohcpawt*
(PAoino svstj.v:.)
; Train* irate »ml wurm ilne to itrrlve »l
SAN n«RCiaH«.
-- , (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
_ leave — From August 2. 1839. — Aftß-iya'
7:00 a Benlcia, Suisun an J Sacramento.... 0:43*
?:OQa Morysvllle, OroTUloand Ueildiug Tia
V.oodlaad B:4Bf
7:OOa Elmira. Vftcaville and Rurr.aey ssaop
' 7:a«A Martiuez,Saal*.n-on,V_!ejo.Napa,
Cailßtoga and SantA Hosa : G:l3y
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpresa. Ogdeu and East.. «:»5_
•;U«a San Jose, LtTermore, Ktockton,
lone, Sacramento, I lac-.rrille,
MarysTllle, CSlJoo, Ited Chill 4":IJJr
»:_O.». •Milton, Oakdsleand Houcra 4:15r
8:30 a Yosemite Valley via O-kdalo and
Chinese 4:15*
»:OOa Har.varil3, Niks and Way Stations. »S:43a-
-9:00a Martinet Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,. ■
Merced and Fresco. B»il5»
9i(.*t» a Fresno, HalEersiieM Banta Karbara.
1.C3 Angeles, Deming. . El Paso,
New Orleans end East 8*13?
I O:OOa Vflllejo. Martinez and Wor Stations 7:15?
■ 1 :OOa Ilarwaruu, Niles aud Way Stations. 8:43»
I 4:00 m Niies. Liverniore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, llanford, VuaUa,
Pcrierville- •*:!»•?
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stenmero "8:00
8:OOp Hcywards, Kilt* and Way Stations. 5:45*
«:OOp Hartinrx, Hun Kmboii, Vallejo,
Naps, Oa)!»*oi'.i. Hauta TJtisn 8:13*
4tO«r Bentr.ia, VacavlUo, Sacramento,
WootUaud, ICnlshta Landing.
Marysvlllo. OroTillo IOM&a
«sBor NUes, Sen Jo^eaud Stockton W ir
4:30p VoretnitoKl»»eping Car for Raymond 12:15*
O;OOpThe OwL Tracy. Frecno. Sakcrs-
fleld, Saugua f*r Santa Barbara,
Lcb Anceles.... 9: '**
AtSOp Ptocktoa. Merced, Frcsuo I*:l3*
0:3 Or Martinez, Tracy, Me_dct_, Fresno,
Mo.la.ye Mid l,os Angelee Bi-iiJA.
OiSOp Santa Fe ltoute, Atlautlo l_prees ,
" for MolaTe ami 1— 5 i....; C:43*
#>tt«p Chicago-San FrancL';coSpeci_l.O_deu
and I'jist 8:50 »
6i»«t Hay wards. J>ile3ardSan Jose ' «*■> A
•«jOOp Vallejo 13:13»
|7tOOp Vallejo. Port Coat» and Wai 8t»-
-* tlo_- ;9533f
B<o3r Orejrou Kxprcss.SacraTnento, Marys.'
vllle. neiltling, Portland. I'uget
Koiiimlbi:.! K.tst 8:134
COAST DIVISION (Narrow dnngn).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
"jTt4*A Banta Cr_ Eiciu-sion for Santa ■■••
Cruz and Principal Way stations JB:o3*
#»18ANewark,C'i;uterTille San Jose.Felton, - ■-■
• BoulderCreck,BantaCruzandWfty - ■ . •
Stations OsO»*
flSiISr Newark, Centemlle. Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Itoulder Creek,
Bsnt& Cruz and Principal Way
- - Budons »10i5t_
4ilßp San Jose, Olenwood and Way 8t»-
Mons. 8:20 A
Mi I•* Felt-on. Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
I tIODS /»»a»A
! " CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
' tnm Sia FEiSCISCO— foot 01 Market Street (Slip —
•7:10 ■ 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:53 *£:C3 13:C3
•1:00 ; tS:OO .*6:oop.m.
frimOlilUHD— fesl«f Brojdwuj.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
112:03 . *l:00 t2:O3 'V *3too H:CO *5:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Rroad Cauge). ,
(Third and Townaonil Sta.)
"••:lOA Ocean View, South Ban Franci?co.. m ii:<iOe
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (Kew .
Almaden Wednesdays only) »8:00 a'
17i80a Sunday Excursion fcr Santa Cruz,
Pacifies Grove aad Principal Way
Button* :■ JB»33*
•■••a Ban Josu, Trss Pinos, Hnnta Cruz, .
a- >.-■■■■. Pacific Grove. Paso Itoblea, . San .
Luis Olilspo, Surf, Lorn poo and
Principal Way Rations 4:10p
fS*4«A San .lose and Way bUtioim «:_oa
lIiSOa Baa Jnso ami Way Stations 1i»Of
*2)i43p San Mateo. iiedwood. Meulo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose. .
Hollister, Santa Cruz. B_lluaa,
Monterey and Pacilio Gr0T0^,.... »lO:3__.
•Biaop Han Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacino drove
. and Principal Way Stations # 7:30p
•4xlsp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:43 a .
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:33a
5:30p SauJose an.l Principal V.'ay Stations «9:«)0a -
6:«0p San Jose aud Way Stations 5::JOp
tll:4Kp San .lost- and Way Stations t~:aop
7 A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Bnnday excepted. t Sunday only. t .Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
-.:•:;- L.ESSE- .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
>. RAILWAY COMPANY. .
: Tiburon Ferry, Foot oS Markst St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL,.
; WEE' DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
', 3:30, 5:10, 6.'M p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
, ! at 11:30 p. .m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
! and 11:30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30,
i i 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. " '
] WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45.
, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
, 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
; ! 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
game schedule as above. .
Leave Arrive
: ; San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
•I. 1 : April 16, 1
; Week . Sun- j 1899. Sun- Week .
Days. I day?. ' Destination. days. | Days.
, 7:30 am 8:00 am 1 ' Novato, 10:40 am | 8:40 am
> 3:30 pm 9:30 am: Petaluma, I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm 1 Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
' Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
I i Geyservllle,
' 8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm •
i 7:30 am " Hopland and ' 10:25 am
3:30 pmj 8:00 am Uklah.. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am I ' * : " 10:25 am »
18:00 am Guerneville, 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:20 pm
, 7:30 am 8:00 am! Sonoma -10:40 am 8:40 am
1. - ■ • and . j
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pmj 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sehastopol. .10:40 am 10:25 am
; 3:30 pmi 5:00 pm I 7:85 pm| 6:20 pm
! Stages connect at Santa Rosa for. Mark West
i Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
'. i for Lytton Springs: at G*>yservllle for Skagga
i Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
' land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
■ ; Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
-1 port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
: Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
i Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
; Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
: Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
1 Boonevllle, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, "Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
i \ Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
, Westport, Usal. WlQltts, Laytonville,' Cum-
i i ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'B, Dyer,
i Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
I reduced rates.
On Sundays .round trip tickets to ail points
• j beyond San Rafael at half rates.
i Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids,
i H. C. WHITING, - R. X. RYAN,
■ General Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT. . **
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED,
TOURIST CARS LEAVE 'OAKLAND MOLE)
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE!
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M. .
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY __D_
FRED HARVEY. APJD ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS -AT
REGULAR HOURS. AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER" LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 V
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1113 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. » North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. . Mixed. Passen- •
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.-
Dally. Exc'ptd . Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pra
I 9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
i 10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:33 am 7:45 pm| Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
* 2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakorstield 2:00 .am 11:00 am ■
11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pra
1 12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare " 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required. •
■ For particulars of stage and other connection*
! Inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market St.. .
■ San Francisco. '■ ' ■ ■
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M-, jxjra 625 KKAKN V XT. Established
, In ISS4 for the treatment of Private '
■ Jkß Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
1 disease wearing on bodyand mind and
i%9fl^^^__H Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when .
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
|CnreNgunrant<»e<]. Callorwrite. '
Dr. J. *'. UIBBQ9!, £01 li>s7.S_u Francisco. , .
■-...-- - . ■■'■■■_. •-
1314
OFFICERS OF STATE ARE CAUGHT OFFERING
POSITIONS OF TRUST TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER
New Scandal Disgraces the Administration of Gover
nor Gage— James L King, a Prominent Citizen,
Makes a Remarkable Expose and Reveals the Ex=
istence of a Traffic in Notaries Public.
B. T. Smith, Representing Himself as the Agent of His Friend and
Benefactor, Henry C. Dibble, Receives Part Payment in a Dis=
honest Sale of an Important and Lucrative Position in the
Gift of the Governor.
HT. SMITH. ex-asstßtant clerk J
of the Assembly, acting, as he j
claimed, for Assemblyman
Henry C. Dibble, representing I
the Forty-llrst District, and to
■whom Smith owed his position in the
'nture, has failed in a deal where
l y be endeavored to clear up $500 for j
Jubhle and himselt for securing the re- j
appointment nt James L. King of this i
city as a notary public.
"For ways that are dark and tricks
that are vain," Bret Harte's "Heathen |
t/hinee" is a novice at crookedness in
comparison with the politicians who |
H T. SMITH, WHO RECEIVED A PORTION OF THE MONEY
acknowledge allegiance to Dan Burns.
Birds of a Feather.
Assembiyman Dibble swears by the \
man from Mexico. Smith mad- him
self offensive at Sacramento lobbying
for Burns, and never made a pretext of j
earning by legitimate labor one cent- of
the $r. per diem he was drawing from j
the State Treasury as assistant clerk
of the Assembly. The clerkship with
out work was Smith's compensation for
buttonholing for Burns. Dibble's pay
for being faithful to the boss was.
among other things, the. promise that
hecould name two of the notaries public
who would be appointed by the Gov
i ernor for San Francisco.
This little chunk of patronage might
have been used by Dibble to reward his
followers or help pave his way back
Into office .-it the next election. Dibble
did not put it to any such use.
The natural propensity of the average
Burns tooter to gather in all the boodle
In sight — the genuine, good hard stuff —
made the idea of giving the plums
away, to gain future political
prestige. simply ridiculous. To
Dibble's lights, according to the
statements -of Smith, the Jobs
■were as so much merchandise; he con
sidered them of certain commercial
Value, and as such offered at least one
of them for sale. The price fixed was
5500.
King's Petition Ignored by Gage.
A righteous howl made directly to the
Governor by James L. King, whom
Smith had selected as the victim.
' spoiled the. trade, but the transaction
had reached the point where Smith act
ually received from King $150.
King's petition for reappointment was
one of the most formidable documents
that was ever sent from San Frai.cisco
to the Chief Executive of the. State. The
managers of all the insurance compa
nies, the representatives of every bank
ing institution in the city, besides many
Others of the greatest prominence and
standing in commercial circles, in
dorsed the 'well-known notary's peti
tion. The document was looked upon as
a matter of form only, and as a compli
ment to the Governor. No one ques
tioned but that the appointment would
follow in a few days. The petition was
Bled during the latter part of the ses
sion of the Legislature and it was
"hung up" for three months. No ac
knowledgment of it was received by
King, and the signatures of men repre
senting the business interests of a big
city were treated with contemptuous
silence. This is the only blame that is
attached to the Governor in this latest
1 scandal involving State officials.
The Weapons of Extortion.
It appears almost incredible that a
petition of the magnitude and impor
tance of Kings should receive no at
tention from the chief executive or any
of his secretaries. The treatment it re
celved seems little short of an outrage.
While it was perfectly reasonable,
and not at all beyond a legitimate
course, for the Governor to promise a
legislator a certain amount of political
patronage, the manner in which he ig
nored the King petition for nearly
three months made it possible for Dib
ble to attempt to barter a State office
and convert the Governor's favors
into weapons for extortion. ,
James L^ King's commission as a no
tary public expired just before the la^st
Legislature convened. Successive Gov
ernors for years back had reappointed
him without a question, and he con-
L. L. BROMWELL, WHO INTRODUCED SMITH.
sequently grew uneasy when he re
ceived no reply to his petition to Gov
ernor Gage. Some weeks passed and j
he spoke of the matter to his friend L..
L. Bromwell, the insurance agent and j
politician. Bromwell told him that he .
had no influence with the executive, j
but that he had a friend who was as- •
sistant clerk of the Assembly and was
able to reach Gage by reason of the
fact that he was close to Dan Burns.
Bromwell promised to write in Kings
b.-h;ilf to his friend in Sacramento.
In the course of a, few days H. T.
Smith left his work at the capital and
visited King. The matter of the lat
ter's appointment was discussed and
Smith expressed the opinion- that he [
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1899.
would no difficulty In securing King a
commission without delay.
In his account book, at a date cor
responding with the day of Smith's
visit, King made this entry, 'Paid H.
T. Smith, expenses trip to Sacramento,
$20."
Money Paid to Smith.
Many of these trips were made. Mr.
King's accounts show five of them, each
at a cost to him of $20. On his second
or third visit to King Smith informed
the" notary that everything was fixed.
He told King that the Governor had
promised Assemblyman Dibble that he
could name the successors to Notaries
ASSEMBLYMAN DIBBLE, WHO HAS NOTARYSHIPS
FOR DISPOSAL.
Thomas O'Brien and Henry C. Droger,
both of San Francisco, whose commis
sions were about to expire.
Smith said he had talked "with Dibble,
who told him he had been offered $500
for the O'Brien place, but that King
would be given the preference at the
same figure. Mr. King demurred at
first, but finally agreed to the proposi
tion. He was to pay the money to
Smith as soon as the appointment was
made and his bonds approved.
Notary King at once fortified himself
with ton $50 banknotes and waited de
velopments. Knowing of King's trou
ble in securing reappointment a friend
inquired of him as to what progress he
was making.
NOTARY KING, THE INTENDED VICTIM.
"I have got it all arranged," replied
King, "but this is how I had to do it,"
at the same time displaying the bank
notes and explaining the nature of the
transaction. At King's request the
friend counted the currency. There
was just an even $500 in the roll.
Before the appointment was secured
at the figures named the notary again
visited Bromwell at his home in Mijl
Valley. This was about three weeks
ago. Bromwell was informed of what
arrangements had been made with
Smith and advised King not to pay a
cent for his commission, but to seek a
personal interview at onro with ihe
Governor, who was then in Sacramento
arranging for the opening of the State
Fair. King followed the advice. The
Governor expressed astonishment at
the situation and promised that King's
case would be attended to at once.
Since then he has received his com
mission. He was given the appoint
ment held by ex-Registrar P. F. Walsh,
who was- named by Governor Budd to
succeed King, but who was removed by
Governor Gage to make room for the
latter.
Where the Places Went.
The Thomas O'Brien place, which, ac
cording to Smith, Dibble was to sell to
King for $nOO, went to "Jack" Williams,
who is with the law firm of Bishop «&
Wheeler. Whether or not he paid for
the position, or is the man whom Smith
says Dibble stated offered $500 for it,
but would be "turned down" for King,
if the latter would come up with as*
large a sum, is a matter of conjecture.
Whon ' interviewed yesterday after
noon, Mr. King said:
"It is true thlh H. T. Smith came to
me with the statement that he could
secure my reappointment through
Judge Dibble if I would pay the Aa
semblyman $500. The excuse was that
Dibble had been offered that much for
the place, but would give me the pref
erence. I agreed to pay $500 for my
commission, for I could see no' other
way to get it. During our negotiations
I gave Sniith $100 in $20 installments
for his expenses in the matter, and
later gave him one of the ten $50 bank
notes I was keeping for Smith, under
his representation that it was to " •
paid to Dibble. Up to this afternoon I
have been expecting Smith to call for
the balance of the money, but he has
not put in an appearance.
"Since I made the agreement with
Smith I have had that money on my
person day and night, expecting that
either one of them might meet me and
hand me the commission, and I wanted
to be ready for them."
One. of the reasons that Smith has
not called to collect the remaining nine
banknotes, which he claimed would
have to be paid to Dibble, is that he has
been sick in bed. Smith Is an insurance
agent. The directory gives his address
as 869 Shntwell street. Inquiry there
last night brought the information from
the landlady that Smith had never re
sided there, but as they were great
friends he occasionally took dinner with
her. She directed the reporter to 3256
Twenty-second street. Here it was
learned that Smith was sick in bed and
refused to respond to the rappings on
his bedroom dour.
L. L. Bromwell yesterday corroborat
ed fully the statement showing his con
nection with the case. He said he act
ed only as a fri-end of King and had no
idea that he was setting him into a
bunko game when he appealed to Smith
to help him.
DIBBLE MAKES DENIAL.
He Also Makes Admissions When
His Memory Is Refreshed.
Judge Dibble was seen at his home
last night and at first denied any
knowledge of Smith or any traffic in
notary appointments.
"It's an infamous lie, sir! An in
famous lie!" was all the Assemblyman
could say when he caught his breath.
"Don't know Smith. Who is this
Smith, anyhow?"
Finally he called to mind that he had
applied to the Governor to give an
appointment to Matthew Harris, a
G. A. R. veteran, but insisted that
there was no money consideration.
Then he remembered that he had
spoken to Gage about renewing the
commission of Henry Droger.
"But there was no money about this,"
said Dibble. "Droger was an old clerk
of mine and I favored him for old
times sake. Let me think. Oh, yes, I
think I do remember this man 'Jack'
Williams. Young Bishop spoke to me
about him, but I do not recollect that
I did anything for him. My whole
light on the notary business was for
Harris.
"Now that you refresh my memory I
do know this H. T. Smith. It would
appear that he has been doing a little
business on.hlfl own hook. I.'issure you
that he gave me no part- of the $150 he
received from King. He asked me dur
ing the session of the Legislature to
assist him in getting King reappointed,
but, as I have already told you, Harris
was my man.
"I met Smith here in the city a week
or ten days ago and asked him how he
was progressing with the King appoint
ment. He told me that everything was
cr.-ming along all right. That is all 1
know about it and if Smith. was at
tempting to got any money from King
by the use of my name he was doing a
little business on his own hook and I
was not in on it."
The Wasp's Quarterly Souvenir.
The fourth edition of tho Wasp Quart
erly Souvenir issued to-day contains a
large number of new pictures, Including
the presentation of medals to '.he Cali
fornia volunteers and illustrations of the
arrival of all troops in San Francisco up
to the present time. It Is a notable fact
that the Wasp is the only weekly paper
that has published- a special edition il
lustrative of the scenes attendant upon
the return of the volunteers. Jt must be
conceded that the Souvenir is the hand
somest and most artistically finished pub
lication ever issued in California. That
the public appreciates this fact is proven
by the orders that are coming In from all
over the country. It seems almost im
possible to supply the unprecedented de
mand. More than one-half of the later.;:
edition has already been spoken for, so
that all wishing to secure a pictorial
history of what may be regarded as one
of the most memorable events in the an
nuls of California, and indeed of the
United States, would do .well to send in
their orders Immediately. It is now on
sale at all news stands, price twenty-five
cents. •
In the Divorce Court.
Annetta F. M. Tilton has been granted
a divorce from Charles 11. Tilton on the
ground of willful neglect. Frederieka E.
Aronade was granted a divorce yesterday
from Fritz E. Aronade on the ground of
failure to provide. Anna S. J>al7.rll has
secured a divorce from William Dalzell
on the ground of desertion. Leah Miv
Henslee has been granted a divorce from
Edward l-\ Henslee on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. Decrees of divorce have
also been granted Gertrude Hertz from
Uriah L. Hertz on the ground of neglect
and Jennie E. Morgan from TV. S Mor
gan, on the ground of habitual intemper
ance. Suits for divorce have been Hied
by Annetta Salisbury against Albert Q
Salisbury, for failure to provide; Maggie
J. Ainblow against Louis G. Amblow. for
intemperance; Mary A. Stevens against
James C. Stevens, for desertion, and Flor
ence M. Carson against William C. Car
son, for cruelty.
X IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL X
M. Harcourt Clarke's Great Yachting
4. Song, "To the Winner of the Cup."' +
Hales.
• ■ - - ■"
the throngs that cane
one of our $4.50 hats ewe V day ! all day
#a new shape-San Francisco en-
best grade felt i oyec j herself mi
dress hat; "»[•. 7 ,
latest shades of Hale S.
soft pastel ef-| We | me to Dewev
■ fects; bird posed I
gracefully on and welcome to new
side ; elegant goods!— good goods.
gilt -and rhine- P to °
ji*W\ u-. stone buckle on, 1 '
» v . rim $4.50 how the ribbons went!
t , 1 . . . the ribbon selling almost rivaled
CIOO.KS and SnitS the souvenir giving-. Such en. as
. ■ , colors and kinds — short length: \f
36 child cloaks with large cape; about half tire usual price, and just]
comes in red and blue; trimmed with as good for every use and purs
braid and edged with thibet fur; a ribbon is put to.
lined throughout; for ages 2 to 8
ears ' $4 OO 'Hales' Good Goods" brand of first
10 doz."Vadies' eiderdown dressing jS# l^S°n !\ SU t PerI ° r iSSSgUfi
sacques. full finished seams and per-!"^^ and finish to any ribbon v.,
feet fitting; In blue, red. gray and , ever sold Ask to see it.
pink $I.O<>
15 ladies' .ailor-made suits of fine nnn X ; nilp /rjftvpe
navy homespun cheviot cloth six gOOU pintle giOVeS
button front silk lined jacket; tailor we have been years select'lng a
strap finished skirt and Jackets. glove to sell for $1 that would be
...... ,• ••; ••; *•; •■ ; •>•'''' worthy of our guarantee; careful
48 doz. ladies black • and colored testing, examination by experts an,:
extra quality sat waists, fully rigid scrutiny of style, fit and mate-
corded fronts and tucked backs. ' rial has resu ited in the selection of
flare cuff sleeve; fitted waist lining: a $1 glove that is worth $1.
excellent value $<>.()() ■ ' •
new fur capes in astrakhan, black i adies ' pique 2-clasp walking
marten, electric seal, kramer and gloves in tans, browns, navy, green
marmot; also a fine assortment of , nd reds, fitted and guaranteed, kept
fur scarfs Ju- received; too many clean and mended free... sl.Q» pair
to mention at once, but the prices i •;
have all been marked, for Saturday
11 the fotographic fad " " /ffl Jszl^~~-^__ ~~^S Sas^^
\[ 30 stamp photos, 4 poses.. \[ o ** OOOt^*^^
 crayon enlargements, 16x20.. 6&C ,
<■ photo buttons 50c each « 935, 937, 939, 941, 943,945, 947
.t...»t.»«.«t»«. Market Street.
. . THE :_. ..
| ? * . OCTOBER %>/
AMERICAN LANGUAGE WILLIAM ARCHER
LITERARY LANDMARKS OF PARIS FREDERICK LEES
An illustrated article of great interest to all Litterateurs.
AFRICAN BIG GAME.... W. A. BAILLIE-GROHMAN
HOSTS OF THE LORD FLORA ANNIE STEEL
A serial beginning in the October number, by the author of "On the Face of the Water«."
A ' b Illustrated by L. Raven Hill.
LORD BYRON W. E. HENLEY
An article of extreme interest to all lovers of Lord Byron, defending his personal character
It Intimates that his wife was more to blame than he. ■
FICTION By "GILBERT PARKER. GEORGE GISSING, H. G. WELLS and MARY AX-
' ' GELA DICKENS-
FICTION, by GILBERT PARKER. G ORG' GISSING. H. G. WELLS and MARY
FRONTISPIECE. "The Wood Nymph," by the late SIR E. J. BURNE-JONES.' '
25c a copy: 3 months' trial. 50c. . Office. 53 Astor Court, N. .T. ■; .,;,!
GRIEF AND DESPONDENCY.
The Cause of Mrs. Julia Bachman
Shooting Herself.
Mrs. Julia Bachhian, proprietress of a
saloon at 551 Howard street, who . shot
herself early yesterday morning, is in a
critical condition at the Receiving Hos
pital and her chances of recovery are
poor. She is the wife of John E. Bach
man, who was sentenced 1 September 16,
last year, to five years in San Querltin
for felony embezzlement. He embezzled
the funds of the Gruti Verein, of which
he was treasurer, to the extent of $800.
William G. Bennett, her bartender, is
still detained in the City Prison till her
condition is definitely determined Yes
terday morning, believing that she was
going" to die. she made the following ante
mortem statement. to the police:
"I am 26 years old and was born in
California. I am married and my hus
band Is in San Quentln. Campbell was
not In the barroom nor was he in the room
when I shot myself. Bennett was in the
barroom. I shot myself while lying on
the side of the bed. Despondency and
troubles caused me to do it. _ I am posi
tive no one was in the room when I did
It I fell from (| the bed, and tn.s caused
Bennett also made a statement. It was
to the effect that early in the evening he
nad a "little argument" with Mrs. Bach
man about papev flowers. hen she
went to shoot herself he thought she had
left the saloon to go to bed He was in
the barroom alone when the shot was
fired and ran to the room and put a pil
low under the woman head. He then
went out and sent a man named Clem
"^/iVaAn^hT^son.aboyTyears
Mrs Bachman has a son, a boy 7 years
of age. who is living temporarily with
his grandparents in Martinez. An ef
fort will be made with the aid of the
X-ray, to locate the bullet.
NYMPHIA INSPECTED.
May Be Closed by tu. Board of
Healtu.
Chief of' Police Lees and the officers of
the Board of Health inspected the
Nvmphla yesterday morning, and as a re
sult It will probably be condemned by the
board as unsanitary and unfit to live .n.
Leaving aside the . abominable sanitary
condition of the place, every crib and
room in it Is constructed in open violation
The cubic foot ordinance which pro
vides that no structure intended for the
housinsr of human beings shall be con
structed on a plan which does not provide
at least 1600 feet of breathing space for
; T>r TVwlor'wa* particularly strong in
hi? expressions of condemnation after he
 i,» 'T-hc sanitary arrangements are
so inS to. the health of the neigh
f Jv™rt tnit it would not surprise me in
he least H * the Hoard of Health decided
to close the Place for those reasons."
Stark Back at Zinkand's.
T^,.pr«'of good music will be glad to know
v, pprdlnand Stark, the great violin virtuoso,
i »fk at the Zlnkand again. He has been so
ls back .!•• l "? lorai j o springs for a few months,
journlns at coiora Francisco to-night for th
SHi time at the popular Cafe Zinkand with
larger "nil better orchestra even than before.
Both Feet Terribly Crusheu.
Noltie Grandstaff, a member of Com
pany l j . Thirty-first Infantry, met with a
sad accident yesterday afternoon. He was
I, Fourth an.l Townsend streets and
fumoed on a freight train to ride to the
next block. He fell off and the wheels
Massed over his feet. He was tnken to the
Receiving Hospital in the ambulance,
where his right foot was amputated.
Every effort will be made to save the
other foot. • He is 24 years of age and en
listed in Indiana.
See "Keith's" millinery window, Phclan
building, for novelties in new colors. •
Evans Held to Answer.
Ivor Evans was held to answer yester
day by United States Commissioner Hea
cock, on a charge of writing obscene let
ters to a young lady typewriter. Evans
Hales.
calls himself a journalist because he used
to write for the California Illustrated
World, a scandalous weekly publicafon.
suppressed by Postal Inspectors Munro
and Erwln about a year ago. 'lue editors
are serving terms in jail.
Wanted in Yolo.
William Berger was arrested last night
by Detectives jflVren and Gibson and
locked up at the Central station, en route
to Mack Point. Yolo County, where he is
wanted to answer a charge of assault to
murder.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
cjsjp QPPQRATEO I 9*n uttl
Our Saturdays Specials!
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, °.°.i b - 80c
Lay in your winter supply; market advanc-
ing. Regular 95c.
BEST SESS; BUTTER ,45c
Regular 55c square.
CHOICE BUTTER...... 43c
• , Regular 50c square.- : -v'-J,
NEW WHITE FIGS, 4 1b5..... 25c
. Regular 10c pound. -' \
PETALUMA^^ EGGS.... 25c
Regular 30c dozen.
NEW HOLLAND HERRING, keg $1,25
Regular $1 50.
OUR MOTHER'S MUSH, 10 lbs- 25c
BABB£RT'S SOAP. 7 cakes 25c
SWEET WINES, b0tt1e....... 25c
Port, Sherry, Angelica. Regular 50c.
Country orders filled at short notice and
shipped free of charge 100 miles. iSend for
October catalogue.
1348-1354 Market Street.
| Opp. Tth. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
Tea Sets.
Great Left Over Salb
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When Yon see Prices.
Great American Importing Tea Co
BTORESEVERYWHERE.
ioo Stores.
/!f a^^\ ■ Dr. K. L. Walsh,
'©KE^yk Sls^ GEARY ST.. bet
J^»»i^^^^^^v p ■ H > r<l ' i and L. -.'n. A
hJjft*. *Tfiu Sf°T •■••••. **•««»
xJl^liJaJi--* 1^ Flesh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum Plates - (no bad Joints) our
i-peclalty. Have received TEN first prize, for .j > f
this branch of ~- dentistry. No student*. II
yeara' experience. . uue ' 11 "" »