VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 123.
LAND AND SEA FORCES FORM A VAST
PARADE IN HONOR OF DEWEY
Progress of the Admiral From the Tomb of Grant to the Reviewing
Stand Literally One of Glorious Triumph.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— An adnu^l
first in the hearts of his mv?.
trymen, two or three mi:
cheering citizens, a city decked'
in color from end to end, a long
parade of fighting men — brave charac
the army, navy and volunteers—
to do the hero honor, an historic review
at the splendid arch erected in honor of
the guest of the city and Idol of the day.
were the distinguishing features
cf the second and closing chapter of
this, the greatest popular demonstra
tion of the century to a living Ameri
can. It was a grand and inspiring cli
max on this occasion the great ad
miral got near to the people. They
■:•■ H« t time enal led to
central figure in these cere-
B. They had observ. i th • Olym
pic from the shore when It led the mar
itime parade, but they had not actually
eeen the admiral. Now they were per
mitted to observe him as he is— to look
him in tl to almost touch his
hand. They cheered him, and .he heard
them and he gave them his gracious re
sponse. ■ : ' •' •'
To the crf-ciit'of New York City be it
the demonstration closed without
ous accident and almost without
an unp'.easajit incident to mar its force.
The Incessant planning of the commit
tee had borne vood fruit. Everything
moved as planned, and everything had
been arrange. l to go like clockwork. A
•light delay in 'he start of the parade
New York's Great Land Parade Passing Through the Dewey Arch.
was due to a cause of which no human
agency could possibly have had control.
Th> carriages that were to carry the
s from the landing at Riverside to
Ihe bead of the parade and thence to
«»o ar. h were late. This was due to the
t!*!?iPii.ious outpouring of the populace,
th» bio ked the vehicles three times on
the* waj to the landing, but they got
th< r-,;u lust.
TheWrade moved only about a quar
ter of \i hour late, and It was all over
before By the counting ma
chine u^tl, which cannot make a mis
take, the-^ were :^.902 men in line, and
Major Gemral Roe, who marshaled the
parade, n<V divides the honors with
General Hotce Porter as a successful
manager of seat land pageants.
To the varkufl committees,- to the
men who wereYharged with the execu
tion of their o\lers, and especially to
the police, the kroatest credit is due
for th<' success c\ the two days' dem
onstration. The>\ called it "Dewey
weather." Ccn- rn - Miles was first to
use the term when we met the admiral
at the City Hall. "D^wey weather" and
perfect weather are synonymous terms.
The air was dry an\ crisp and just
the sort for men to ma\h in. The sky
was flecked with swiftlyyioving clouds,
and a brisk wind thaS makes New
York's October so bracing blew stead
ily. \
Under the skillful management of
General Roe the parade \iad been
The San Francisco Call.
FAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
formed in the streets adjacent to Riv
erside Park, and it came together like
j pieces of carefully adjusted mechan
ism. When it moved it passed actually
j between two solid walls of humanity.
Arrayed along the line of the parade
from One Hundred and Twenty-second
street to the arch the crowds of spec
tators on excursion boats and along the
| shores of the Hudson on Friday had as
' tonished all who saw them. The as
semblage of spectators to-day, massed
not by thousands but by hundreds of
thousands, was even more amazing.
! The beautiful weather made happy th>
speculators who had erected private
stands. The number of persons who
j saw Dewey certainly reached into the
I millions.
The admiral's progress from the
tomb of Grant to the reviewing stand '
was literally one of glorious triumph. I
He rode at the head of the procession,
with the Mayor, immediately following
Major General Roe and his staff. The
cheers with which he was greeted made
him ride bareheaded most of the way.
He was visibly affected, now and then
his lips twitched convulsively, and oc
casionally he wiped his eyes. Behind
Dewey in carriages came his fighting
captains and then his staff. After them
came Admircl Sampson and his staff,
captains of the North Atlantic squad
ron, then Rear Admiral Howison and
his staff, followed by Rear Admiral
Philip and his staff, and then a general
collection of guests, among whom were
Major General Miles and Rear Admiral
Schley.
To Admiral Sampson, who looked ill
and careworn, a warm reception was
given, but the ovation tendered to Rear
Admiral Schley was continuous, warm
and hearty. Schley, like all other
guests, was arrayed in full dress uni
form, and he presented a gallant and
dashing figure. It was evident that a
very large number of spectators re
garded Rear Admiral Schley as the real
victor of Santiago. A dash of South
ern gallantry marked Schley's progress.
At one point along the line a woman
threw toward him a silk flag- It fell
short. The admiral stopped the car
riage, sprang out, seized the flag, kissed
it, bowed to the lady, pinned it across
the breast of his uniform and was
away in the parade again, while the
spectators gave him a rousing cheer.
There were, however, other heroes in
line for whom there were evidences
that they occupy a warm place in the
hearts of the multitude. General Miles
was greeted with considerable enthusi
asm, but Governor Roosevelt, dressed
in frock coat and silk hat and mounted
on a spirited black horse, commanding
in person the 15.000 National Guardsmen
of the State, had a rousing reception.
The Governor's progress was suffi
ciently dramatic to satisfy his .most en
thusiastic admirers. He held the Na
tional Guard sufficiently in check, so
that there was always considerable
space between the regular army divi
sion that preceded him and himself.
Bowing to right and left and doffing
his hat every few feet, he presented a
very striking figure. Admiral Dewey's
recent tributes to Governor Roosevelt's
potent influence in preparing for the
victory at Manila had evidently been
taken to heart by the public. All per
sons agreed that Roosevelt's reception
was second to Dewey's, and that
Schley's was second only to that ac
corded Roosevelt.
Of the organizations in line the sail
ors from the Olympia received the most
applause. It should be borne in mind
that only about half of these men who
paraded to-day participated in the bat
tle of Manila, but the crowd didn't care
for that. It cheered them collectively,
and felt that each man was a hero. The
jackies and marines who did fight w r ore,
proudly pinned to their blue jackets, the
medal of honor voted to them by Con
gress.
But there was another organization
! that must not be forgotten. This was
I the Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Reg
j iment. It recently came back from
' Manila, where it had done splendid
J service. Colonel Hawkins, the regi
mental commander, died on his way
home, and Lieutenant Colonel Barnett
lis now in command. There was some
thing about this regiment that appealed
' to the multitude and reminded it of the
sad days in the fall of 1898 when the
volunteer regiments, with thinned ranks
and wasted forms, marched up Broad
way. At the front was a regimental
battle flag carried in the Philippines. It
was shot and tattered and a mute evi
dence of what the regiment had gone
through; and as the regiment went
along the flag was applauded with great
energy. There were still other organi
zations that must not be lost sight of.
In the position assigned to the Span
ish war veterans at the rear marched
the Astor Battery, which fought in the
Philippines, and there were two full
regiments of Spanish war veterans, one
raised in Brooklyn and the other in
Manhattan, that acted as rear guard.
It will give the general public a bet
ter idea of the spectacle if this sum
ming up now carries the admiral to
the reviewing stand and presents a
birdseye view of the organizations as
they passed. When the admiral rode
down Fifth avenue through the ap
proach to the arch he was overcome by
the splendor of the work of art that
spans the roadway. The sun shone
brilliantly upon the arch, and while he
continually doffed his hat to the plaud
its of the ten thousand people seated
in the amphitheater about the review
ing stand, his eyes were constantly
wandering up and down the massive
columns that bore the figures of Vic
tory and the statues of former naval
heroes. He mounted the reviewing
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
stand accompanied by the Mayor and
found it a flower garden. Wagon
loads of wreaths and floral horseshoes
and bouquets of flowers had been sent,
by his admirers. Quickly following
him came other naval officers, and in a
short time the reviewing stand and the
space behind it was filled with men in
all the glory of the army and navy full
J dress.
The reviewing party had scarcely got
settled in its seats when Sousa's band
came blaring down the avenue, playing
of course, "The Stars and Stripes For
ever," and leading the tars of the
Olympia. The tars went by in good or
der, every man, sailor and marine alike,
carrying a Lee rifle at present arms.
The sailors marched well, although
many of them had done no walking
ashore for months. The Olympia's bat
talion had been burned by the sun un
til they were almost the color of the
bronze medals of honor they wore so
proudly. Admiral Dewey, during the
passage of the naval division, stood
alone in the reviewing stand, erect, pre
i senting a striking and never to be for
[ gotten figure, his right hand raised in
j salute, so that the forefinger barely
! touched the peak of his chapeau.
When the division of the regular
army passed General Merritt took his
station beside the admiral and joined
him ir. review. A fine picture these
two veterans of the Manila campaign
presented, and the attention was about2
SUCCESSFUL CLIMAX OF GOTHAM'S CELEBRATION.
evenly divided between them anfi. the
Ewlftly moving military show.
Only one distressing incident oc
curred within his view. A wire had
been stretched across the space be
tween two of the stands In the park.
The awful press of people- broke it, and
they surged Into the avenue, those In
front powerless to resist the pressure
of the thousands In the rear. The po
lice officers on foot were helpless. Try
ey would they could not stem the
. which promised to Impede the en
parade. Suddenly a half hundred
ted policemen galloped up and,
laving formed a line, charged and
shoved the people back. Many women
and children were caught In the crush.
■ shrieked, others fainted, and sev
eral, after the panic was over, were
carried away in ambulances.
To-night the smoker given at the
iorf-Astoria to the Bailors of the
< Uympla concluded New York's won
il reception of Admiral Dewey and
his meni
PARADE REVIEWED
BY THE ADMIRAL
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— The great
;:»r.ide In honor of Admiral Dewey
t^arted from opposite Grant's tomb at
a. m. At the given signal the
on of police advanced, clearing
away the crowds that overflowed the
f-troet. Some little distance behind on
a bay horse rode Major General Charles
F. Roe, N. G. N. V.. followed by his
staff. Then came Sousa's band, playing
a spirited air, and behind it was a bat
talion of sailors from the Olympia.
Then followed the carriage contain
ing Admiral Dewey, by whoso side was
seated the Mayor cf the city. In re
sponse to the cheers of thousands of
.tors the admiral bowed right and
■r.d nrpeared greatly pleased at the
warmth of his reception.
Following were three carriages con
taining Admiral Dewey's Captains, then
rw i carriages abreast containing the
admiral's personal staff. Rear Admiral
[son and President Goggenheimer
of the- Municipal Council followed in a
lage, and after them came Rear
Admiral Howison's officers. Then came
the carriage containing mlral
; son and President v- : the
rd of Aldermen, followed by
carriages containing commanding offi
if Admiral Sampson's fleet, and
the admiral's staff officers.
ar Admiral John Philip, command
ant of the navy yard; St. Clair McKel
way and Lieutenant Commander J. D.
J. Kelly occupied the next carriage Fol
lowing came two carriages abreast con
taining the junior officers of the Olym
: ifter them, in the same order,
containing the junior officers
' nil Atlantic squadron. Car
-. two abreast, followed containing
the visiting Governors, the comi
ta. First among the Govern
ors came Tunnell of Delaware, then
tnsylvania, Voorhe.es of
New Jersey, McSweeney of South Caro
ell of North Carolina, Dyer of
McMillin of Tenni
. of <>hio, Geer of Oregon, At
;. of West Vlrginiaj, Richards of
ling and Wells of l"\ah.
| r tJenerals Miles and Merritt and
red in carriages abreast, and
then came a carriage containing Rear
Joßepb N. Miller and Wiriffeld
• Schley. I
>w of carriages followed, con
embera of the Municipal Aa
::stiriguished guests and vlsit
rr.itaries.
. al brigade of the North At
ilt'Qt, commanded by Captain
les Thomas, followed. It was In
■ -, and made an imposing
ixance. It was composed of the
. . rines of the New York,
Texas, Massachusetts, Brook
lyn ai ster.
Sir :.ipton was given an ova
at Fifty-second street, and was
■ 'and up in his carriage.
When the admiral, heading the pa
ty-second street, a
- roar of applause went up
that must have shakr-n the foundation
of what Is left of the u!d reservoir.
ad Rear Admirals
Sampson an<! Schley all came in for
: a of the applause. A young
to the carriage In Which
Schle : and, climbing t>> the
carriage st>-p, extended his 1;
It warmly.
The mounted pol : Dded by
og the parade,
I the reviewing stiitvi at 1:45
p. m. They were considerably in ud
e "f the carriages containing the
ral and distinguished visitors.
d of police was in the
shape of a flying wedge.
the admiral was in the re
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A COMMON TROUBLE.
Thousands Suffer From It Without
Knowing Its Real Character.
No trouble Is more common or more
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.
People having: It think that their nerves
are to blame, are surprised that they are
not cured by nerve medicines and spring
remedies; the real seat of mischief is lost
sight of; tha stomach Is the organ to be
looked after. ;
Nervous dyspeptics often do not have any
pain whatever in the stomach nor perhaps
any of tho usual symptoms of stomach
weakness. Nervous dyspepsia' showßttself
not In tho stomach so much as in neariy
every other organ; in some cases- the heart
palpitates and Is Irregular; in others, the
kidneys are affected; in others, the bow-
els are troubled, villa loss of flesh and
appetite, with the accumulation of gas,
sour risings and heartburn. ..• : *
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. 61 Prospect s.t:;
Indianapolis, Ind., writes as follows: "A
I motive of pure gratitude prompts me.
write these few lines regarding the new
and valuable medicine, Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. I have been a sufferer from
nervous dyspepsia for the last four years;
have used various patent 'medicines, and
other remedies, without any favorable
result. They sometimes gave temporary
relief until the effects of the medicine
wore off. I attributed this to my seden-
tary habits, being a bookkeeper with lit—
,J:le physical exercise; but I am glad to
"state that rh> tablets have overcome all
these obstacles; for I have gained ii flesh,
; leep better and am better in every way.
The above is written not for notoriety, but
is based on actual facts. Respectfully !
yours. '■' ■-■ A. W. Sharper.
"61 Prospect street, Indianapolis, Ind.."
It Is safe to Bay that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure any stomach weakness
or disease except cancer of the stomach.
They cure sour stomach gas, loss of flesh
and appetite, sleeplessness, palpitation,
heartburn, constipation and headaches.
Send for valuable little book on stomach
diseases by addressing Stuart Co., Max-
shall, Mich. ,':•;•
All druggists sell full-sized packages at
CO cents.  :;..,": »
T A - STUART'S . iA
hIIWI Dyspepsia Tablets' A\\n
e^lFl .Out-Bate brut**. ■' iV^'
Drug Co. 112 8 Market Street. 5. F. ,
NIGHT OF JOY FOR THE
JACKIES OF THE OLYMPIA
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.-Flghting Jack
of the Olympia had a night of Joy to
night as a fitting end to his day of tri
umph. Its ohlef pleasures were a supper,
concert and smoker, served to him In that
order In the Waldorf-Astoria. He was
there, 250 strong, on shore leave and free
of all restraint With him were twenty
five men from each of the other ships at
anchor in the river, good fellows all, and
selected on that account. These figures
included about 10 per cent of marines,
permitted to be present on account of
past good fellowship and on Bolemn prom
lse to be good in the future.
The sailors and sea soldiers came to the
Waldorf singly and in twos, threes and
larger groups and were at once ushered to
the grand ballroom on the second floor,
which' had been carpsted for them and
set with tables and gilded chairs.
A uniform was ticket enough to secure
admission. As each man entered the ban
room ho was presented with a rubber
stemmed clay pipe bearing on Its head a
high relief of the great admiral's features,
and was also given two cigars, a two
package of plug tobacco, a book
of cigarette papers, a menu card and a
programme of the concert.
Oscar Hammers-tein was In charge of
the vaudeville programme, which con
sisted of sketches, songs, dances, etc.
Just before the curtain rose Randolph
Guggenheimer, president of the Munici
pal Council, read the following address:
"Men- of- the Olympia and American
navy: It gives me great pleasure to as
sure you that the city of New York,
which I have the honor to represent here
to-night, recognizes with pride the su
perb Bervlces rendered to the nation by
the man behind the guns. In the enthu
siastic reception we have Just given the
admiral who commanded the ships that
annihilated the Spanish fleet in Manila
Bay. we do not for one moment ignore
the fact that fearless and well disciplined
American sailors were the instruments of
Dewey'a genius. People of the United
■ are proud of the records of vic
tory, written in letters of flame and glory
on the pases of American history. We
■ detract from the fame of our great
admiral when we express our conviction
that the triumphs of the American navy
upon American discipline, American
ssnesa and the American grit of
American sailors. In the name of the
viewing stand. Captain Coghlan and
Captain "Wildes joined him a moment
later, the crowd cheering like mad.
The first thing the admiral d;d was to
take off his hat in acknowledgment of
the crowd's greeting. Mayor Van
Wyck immediately took him in charge
and conducted him to a corner of the
inclosure where a chef was in waiting
with a hamper of sandwishc-s and some
bottles of wine. The admiral was great
ly pleased and said to the Mayor, "Ah,
that's good. It was a long pull, wasn't
It?" referring to the long ride. He
passed the sandwiches to his officers
and to Rear Admiral Sampson, much
as if he were out at a family picnic.
He drank one small glass of wine and
declined a second. He then walked
around, greeting his captains.
Art: ipson was cheered as he
alighted from his carriage. General
Miles was the next notable recognized.
::■? was warmly applauded. Gen
em 1 Miles repeatedly took off his cap
to the crowd in acknowledgment.
Admiral Schley was very warmly re
-1 at the reviewing stand. He
smiled constantly and bowed to right
t. 11" and General Miles car
ried bouquets of flowers presented by
• enthusiastic friends on the .line
of march. Richard Croker also was ap
plauded, and General Merritt was loud
ly cheered, although he was not recog
nized as readily as were the others. The
admiral h to be on the !
Of the reviewing stand wh<*n Mr.
Crocker came up. He extended his hand
and greeted Mr. Tinker cordially.
It took twenty minutes to get the ad
miral and the other distinguished
guests nnd the committee from the
forty-two carriages in which they lodo.
Another ten minutes were devoted to
luncheon and Informal talk, and then
the sailors from the Olympia, h<
by Sousa and his band playing "The
Starr- and Btripea Forever," marched
by tl Next came the marines
the • Uympla, followed by another
LChment of Olympia jackies drawing
ulck-flring one-pounder. Two old
men, gray and grizzled, hold to the
Is, and none marched more proudly
thnn '
The West Point cadets. In their gray
and white uniforms, came next. Their
marching was superb. As their colors
passed the admiral uncovered.
The regulars came next. As they
man by General Merrltt stepped
up with the admiral and Mayor Van
Wyck and remained standing until the
regulars had passed. "While the regu
lars were going by some one over the
Hoffman House Bent a beautiful bunch
of orchids to the admiral. : He
received it graciously, and. turning
about, removed his hat and bowed his
acknowledgments. There was a bat
talion of mounted artillery with sev
eral huge siege guns. The mass of ar
tillerymen marched as infantry and
showed to slight advantage as euch.
The light artillery brought up the rear
as regulars. " .
Then way down the line a burst of
cheers announced the coming, of Gov
ernor Roosevelt. ! The Governor was at
tended by his staff. He was not in unl
MARCONI MAKING FINAL
PLANS FOR THE RACES
Further Experiments With the Wireless Telegraph
in Order That There May Be No Hitches in
Reporting the International Yacht Contests,
NEW YORK, Fept. 80.— Willie Signer Marconi Is thoroughly satisfied with the results of those tests made on
the Ponce on Friday during the naval parade, he will take the steamer down the bay for further experiments to-mor
row, in order that every posf-.ble guard may be made against accident. The station at Navesink Highlands will be
iii charge of one of Marconi's assistants, a.nd messages will be exchanged over a wireless circuit of from fifteen to
thirty miles. It is the intention of Marconi to take the Ponce to-morrow from Its station off East Twenty-seventh
street over the course tfi be sailed by the Columbia and Shamrock during the first race, which will, unless accident
prevents, be held on Tuesday next.
Marconi's object in making the trip to-morrow Is twofold: first, to accustom the operators to those atmospheric
conditions which exist in the vicinity of New Tork, and then to discover any possible defect which may exist in
the mechanism to be used in reporting the International yacht races for the Herald and The Call. Marconi busied
himself to-day In obtaining an insight into the intricacies of the American system of- custo.m3 inspection. Certain
portions of the apparatus to be used next week had, through no fault of Marconi, been delayed in reaching the Cus
tom-housa. It was absolutely necessary that a release be obtained.
What was at first considered impossible, however, was accomplished by the inventor's perseverance, and work
upon the equipment of the steamships Grand Duchesse and Mackay-Bennett were proceeded with as soon as the
officials were persuaded that they could release the apparatus.
The Grand Diichesse, Mackay-Bennett and Ponce will comprise the fleet which will be pressed Into service by
the Herald and Call in reporting the international yacht races, which will interest countless persons throughout the
world. The Mackay-Bennett will act as a receiving station, and in case anything should go radically wrong with the
n at Navesink Highlands operators who will be on the cable ship will take up the work of receiving reports of
the races sent from the Grand Duchesse and Ponce. The two ships last named will follow the two competing yachts as
closely as the regulations will allow. Messages from each will ba flashed ashore at intervals of not more than one
minute. . ' ,
Marconi to-morrow will devote himself to a series of practical tests merely for the sake of assuring himself that
everything aboard the Ponce and at the Navesink station is in the best possible order. Those who go down the bay
with the young inventor will have the advantage of being able to watch at close range the most careful series of ex
periments with wireless telegraphy ever conducted in this country.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
city, always anxious to honor the men
[ who fought in their country's cause, I
! most heartily welcome you to this enter
i talnment."
The speech was frequently interrupted
| by cheers, and at the conclusion the jack
| ies gave three rousing cheers for Mr. Gug-
I genhelmer. They then gave three cheers
| for Admirals Dewey, Sampson and Howi
j son. During: tht speech Richard Croker
I entered. He received a rousing welcome.
The sailors and marines occupied nearly
: all the tables on the main floor, but in
1 the boxes were scenes of brilliant color.
] Pretty women and flashing Jewels side by
! side with officers in lace and gold formed
i a pretty picture. Among those in the
{ boxes were the Dewey family, excepting
the admiral himself, Governor Voor
bees of New JerEey, General Charles F.
Hoe. live captains of Dewey'a fleet and
Sir Thomas Lipton.
The jaokies enjoyed the programme Im
mensely. They applauded each act vig
orously. Their delight knew no bounds
when John W. Ransome appeared ia a
makeup of Admiral Dewey.
"You May Fire When You're Ready,
Griaiey," was the title of a song sung by
Mr. Ransome. In the course of his turn
Mr. Ransqxne wpoke of Admiral Schley.
Just as he did this the admiral entered
in evening dress. Every sailor and ma
rine present was on his feet in an in
stant, howling like mad, in compliment to
the hero of Santiago.
In response to the greeting Admiral
Schley arose and said:
"You may well cheer, my boys, for It
was you who did the trick. I'll give fair
warning to anybody who wants to try
conclusions with you that he wants to
know how to shoot pretty well. I am
more than nappy to participate in your
smoker, and nothing touches me so much
as the affection of those splendid men
who were my companions In the navy."
There was more cheering when the
singer mentioned the name of Admiral
Sampson.
Some one called for three cheers for the
Shamrock, and when they had been given
Sir Thomas Lipton rose in a box and said:
"1 am -glad to be her© to-night with
Dewey's men, and I have some boys of
my own. that I am proud of, too. I have
come over here to get a certain American
property and I'll get it if you Americans
I won't squash me in my little naval en-
I gagement as you squashed those fellows
I in the Philippines."
■ Sir Thomas was loudly applauded. Cap
■tain J. J. Reade, U. S. N., at one time
form. Following came squadron A, led
by the squadron's band, mounted. Then
came the Twenty-third Regiment of
Brooklyn and the Fourteenth Regi
ment.
While the Second Regiment was
passing Admiral Schley, accompanied
by Captain Coghlan, Levl P. Morton
and Dr. Depew, left the reviewing
stand and proceeded along the line to
j the Fifth Avenue Hotel. Admiral
Schley was watched with eager interest
by the crowd, and until he passed out
of sight he was loudly cheered. He
seemed a great favorite.
There was an elaborate display of
I kite-flying during the review. Suspend
ied immediately over the reviewing
stand and at a great height was an
immense American flag held by five
kites. Another line of kites held a
series of pennants in the national
t colors, while other lines held flags and
streamers of various sorts. The wind
was just strong enough and the sun
light sufficient to bring out a most
beautiful effect. Admiral Dewey no
ticed the flags and expressed himself as
well pleased with the display. Wrdl ••
the Sixty-fifth Regiment of Buffalo was
; passing Admiral Dewey complained of
; being chilled, and his overcoat was
j handed to him. - The Twenty-second
Regiment made a fine appearance, and
BeveraJ times the admiral removed his
: chapeau as they passed.
Everybody was speculating as to the
I reception of the Seventh Regiment at
j the reviewing stand. It was more cor
dial than was expected. There was some
ng as the regiment passed the
I stand and some derisive calls, but the
i cheering at this point was easily the
j loudest.
At Fifty-ninth street and Fifth aye
! nue the Seventh was hissed. People
: in the Netherland, Savoy and Plaza ho
i heered, but the hisses rose above
the cheering. The members of the reg
i iment looked neither to the right nor to
the left, but marched stolidly on. The
Seventy-first Regiment was cordially
welcomed. The admiral took off his hat
* to the command as it passed.
The Naval Militia of the State troops
made a magnificent display. The o'.d
guard, resplendent in white coat, blue
\ trousers and bearskin shakos closed th«
Xiv: York Slate display.
The Pennsylvania troops received a
royal welcome when they reached the
and reviewing stands. Somebody
in th* 1 State stand proposed three cheers
. for Pennsylvania just after the Gov
ernor had passed. They were given
with a will. The Pennsylvantans lived
I up to their national reputation as sol
diers, so Car as tlvir appearance was
< oncerned. Two companies of colored
troops among the Quaker soldiers re
i . Ived much applause as they passed.
The .greatest applause given to any of
th" military organizations was accorded
; to the crack 'ivnth Pennsylvania Regi
i ment, which got back from the Philip
j pines a short time ago. This regiment
! marched in the regulation khaki uni-
I form which they wore during their
I service before Manila. The colors, torn
j to tatters, set the crowd wild with en
-1 thusiasm.
commander of the Olympla, was recog
nized, cheered and made a speech. General
Miles was next recognized, and he said to
the sailors that they had put the Ameri
can flag on a higher eminence than it had
ever attained before. Captain Jewell of
the Brooklyn was cheered, and there were
calls for Captain Coghlan to recite "Hoch
der Kaiser," but he would not do it.
Colonel Stewart then recited Joe Kerr'3
poem, "Hello, Dewey."
Hel'.o, Dewey'. Have a seat!
How" re th" boys? An' how's th' fleet?
Little weary? Never mind!
You can rest when you're Inclined —
Rest on laurels, It you please,
On a hero's couch of ease.
Not, however, tlil we've had
chance to Bhow you that we're glad—
Glad you're not now with the dead;
Glad you had a level head;
you laid the Spaniard low;
Glad you proved a noble foe;
Glad you kept your record clean;
Glad we made you a marine;
Glad you bravely fought and won;
Glad for everything you've done!
Glad? By gad, we're glad, my lad,
That George Dewey had a dad.
Glad ha had a mother, who,
Loyal to Red. White and Blue-
Years bo. when he was young-
Taught him how to— rung by rung-
Mount Fame's ladder — never Etop
Till, by grit, he gained the top;
Taught him, when he'd won the fight.
How to stay there, on the height.
Glad to ccc you. George; but— say!
Dont get spoiled on Dewey day!
Don't get "rattled" at the noise
Made by millions of my boys
Most of whom would "lead the .dance"
If, like you, they had the chaace.
Words like these all men admire: —
"Grldley, when you're ready, flre!"
Keep that up! — Keep cool, my lad!
"vVe'll raise Cain because we're glad;
You just "watch our smoke," my boy.
Note our overwhelming joy;
Don't get dizzy! — Calm content ■
Sometimes makes a President. „ ■
Hear that shouting, prolonged — loud I
Georgre, th' whole darned Nation's proud;
Proud of what you did that day
In Manila's beastly bay.
Pror.d of you— proud of a fleet
That knows no fear — knows no defeat;
Of whom the wide world stands In awe.
God bless you, George! Hip, hip. hurrah!
It wa3 received with unbounded ap
plaupo and laughter. The whole audience,
standlr.tr, then joined in singing "The
Star-spangled Banner."
Admiral Dewey uncovered to the col
ors am! nodded his head sympathetic
ally. The men marched as veterans
should, and while every man In the reg
iment wanted to see Dewey, it was not
discipline, and the regiment marched
as on>? man, straight ahead, "eyes
front."
. The New Jersey troops followed those
from Pennsylvania, and were a mag
nificent body of men — as fine as any In
the column. Governor Voorhees did not
march at the head of the New Jersey
troops. With his staff he stood In front
of the State stand, opposite Admiral
Dewey, while his troops went by. New
Jersey had two Naval Reserve battal
ions ami one troop of cavalry in line.
Next to the reception to the Tenth
Pennsylvania was that to the Georgia
troops, v. ho marched by with State and
national colors flying, to the tune of
"Dixie." They were loudly cheered.
The Connecticut troops «were a pic
turesque lot. Several companies wore
the brilliant uniforms of colonial days.
There were also two companies
awheel.
Just after the Georgia troops began
passing the reviewing stand Admiral
Dewey Fat down for the first time and
remained seated a moment or two.
Connecticut had one of the largest
bodies of troops in line. Maryland was
well represented with Its "Dandy
Fifth," commanded by Colonel Frank
Marcoe. A splendid band at the head
awakened loud applause with "Mary
land, My Maryland," and "Dixie." This
State had also the Fourth Regiment,
Colonel Willard Howard commanding.
It was a close rival to the Fifth.
South Carolina had a large and va
ried representation. Ohio followed with
Governor Bushnell at the head. This
State had the Fourth and Fifth regi
ments and some unattached troops and
a Gatling pun battery. These troops
served in the Spanish-American war
and recently did riot work at Cleve
land.
On account of the controversy be
tween the members of the committee
and the head of the G. A. R. over the
place to be given that organization in
the column and Commander Kay's
final order to his men not to march.'
there was much speculation as to what
the unarmed section of the guard would
be like and how many would defy Kay's
mandate. Thousands who were other
wise weary and would have left the
reviewing stand and other places wait
ed to see. General O. O. Howard, griz
sled old veteran that he is, was given
n mighty cheer when he rode past the
admiral at the head of the column. He
had all told about 600 veterans of the
Civil War, and about 200 of these were
Grand Army men. Rome wore the
Grand Army uniform and caps, but the
majority were 'in plain civilian clothes.
The rest of the veterans were Loyal
Legion men, with a sprinkling of men
who. fought In the Civil War, but they
do not now belong to any organization.
The veterans went wild- when they saw
Admiral Dewey. Instead of the stiff
salute given by every other command
the. old fellow's called for three cheers
for the admiral and in other ways man
ifested their delight.
Admiral Dewey was almost as cor
dial, and his hat was off his head all
the time his old comrades in arms were
passing by. One soldier, too much used
up by disease to walk, was carried by
his comrades on a little wagon. He
was lying at full length as he passed
the reviewing stand, but he raised him
self feebly on one arm and nodded to
the admiral. It was pathetic.
There were several thousand veterans
of the Spanish war. Most of them wore
their service clothes, and although
without arms they presented a decid
edly businesslike appearance. The un
armed section passed quickly in re
view, and the parade was over. It had
taken just three hours and twenty min
utes to pass. The first body of the ad
miral's sailors passed him at 2:12 p. m.
and the last man in line went by at 5:40
p. m.
Hardly had the ambulances which
brought up the rear pulled under the
arch when Squadron A galloped into ,
place for the admiral, ready to escort
him to his hotel.
The admiral and Mayor Van Wyck
wore completely tired out after the re
view. The admiral's arm was so weary
from the almost constant salute that
in bidding good-by to his friends he
sometimes begged leave to shake hands
with his left hand. His carriage was
quickly brought, and, entering it in a
perfect hurricane of cheers, he was
driven away. A gigantic sailor who sat
on the box with the cockswain carried
the bouquet of orchids which had been
presented to the admiral during the
afternoon.
The police arrangements during the
day were almost perfect, and at no time
did the police do better work than in
getting the crowds off the reviewing
stands. The crowds overran Madison
square Park, jammed the streets all
around and made frantic efforts to get
away. Through the crosstown streets
there hurried a surging, jostling, hun
gry crowd, fighting its way for any kind
of conveyance that would take it home.
Yet the crowds did not seem to dimin
ish. Thousands came to take the places
vacated around the arch, and the work
of the police only made it possible for
one crowd to get out and another to get
in. Of course the newcomers were not
allowed In the stands, but they got just
as close to them as the police would
permit.
NEW YORK'S LOVING
CUP DULY PRESENTED
NEW YORK, Sept. 80.— The first cere
mony to-day was the presentation at the
City Hall of a gold loving cup to the
admiral by Mayor Van Wyck on behalf
of the city of New York. At 7 o'clock the
police boat Patrol, with a special recep
tion committee on board made up of St.
Clair, McKelway, William McAdoo, Levi
P. Morton, Chauncey M. Depew, Richard
Croker and Warren M. Foster, started for
the Olympia. The admiral boarded the
Patrol, which steamed to the Battery,
where the city's guest was met by the
following committee: William Berri, Gen
oral Francis V. Greene, James Stillman,
John C. Calhoun, Edward Lauterbach, J.
Q. A. Edwards, Charles Knox, John 11.
Starln, Warner Van Norden, Justice W.
W. Goodrich, Justice Charles M. Van
Brunt and O. S. Cookney.
The admiral, accompanied by the re
ception committee and escorted by Squad
ron A and a detail of mounted police, pro
ceeded up Broadway to the City Hull. All
along the street were cheering crowds,
and the City Hall Park was lilled to the
limit with people who shouted a noisy,
enthusiastic welcome as Dewey came in
sight. As Admiral Dewey sat in his car
riage at the Battery, waiting for the line
to arrive, he was asked if he had any
expressions to make concerning the cele
brations. He replied:
"No: I have nothing to say this morn
ing. I have not yet got my eyes open."
In referring to the demonstrations of yes
terday and last night he said, "It was
magnificent."
■ i rnor Rooeeve't, accompanied by his
aajutant, Avery D. Andrews, his orderly
and Seth Low, were among the first to
arrive at the City Hall for the presenta
tion ceremony. They got there a lew min
utes after 8 o'clock, and were ushered into
tin' Mayor's office. The Mayor had not
yet arrived, but he put in an appearance
a few minutes later. Then came Admiral
Philip, Colonel Treadwell, Captain Asa
Walker and Charles H. Knox. A few
minutes later Rear Admiral Schley came
in full dress, and was received by Gen
eral Howard Carroll. In a short time the
Mayor's office tilled up with military and
naval officers in full dress uniform. Ad
miral Schley was the center of attraction,
and he was kept busy shaking hands with
those who were introduced to him. Cap
tain Coghlan, formerly of the Kaleigh,
came in and was greeted with "Hoch der
Kaiser." He smilingly responded and
shook hands with all around.
It was 8:40 o'clock when the tread of
the cavalry was heard and the people in
the Mayor's office looked out to see Troop
A, followed by the carriages with the ad
miral and the committees.
"Fall in after the Mayor," shouted Sec
retary Downes, and Mayor Van Wyck and
his secretary hastened to the platform in
front of the building, where the presenta
tion was to take place. The Mayor had
just reached the platform when Admiral
I >ewey came up the staira. The admiral
walked over to the Mayor and with a
hearty good-morning shook him warmly
by the hand.
Captain Lamberton, Lieutenant Brum
by, Chauncey M. Depew, Levl P. Morton
and Richard Croker followed, and then
cume the other officers of the Olympia
and the remaining members of the com
mittee.
By this time the military and naval of
ficers in the Mayor's office and the prom
inent citizens realized that Dewey had
come, and they made a rush for the plat
form. There was danger of it being over
crowded, and Captain Copeland of the
City Hall bejuad closed the gates, shutting
out Admiral Schley, Captain Coghlan,
Captain Walker, Captain Dyer, Governor
Roosevelt and other prominent persons,
who arrived a minute late.
Rear Admiral Schley climbed over the
gate, and he was followed by the other
naval officers, but Governor Roosevelt re
mained behind. One of his staff rushed
up to Captain Copeland of the police
squad and whispered: "The Governor
feels slighted."
The gate was opened again and Coloiel
Roosevelt took' his place within, the in
closure. Admiral Dewey evinced a desire
to shake hands with' all the naval officers
and introduce them to the Mayor. He al
most hugged Admiral Schley, and he pat
ted Captain Coghlan on the back.
As Dewey greeted Schley the crowd sent
up cheer after cheer for Dewey and
Schley.
As anon as the greetings were over the
Mayor began his speech presenting the
city"a loving cup.
When the Mayor had concluded Admiral
Dewey began to reply by saying:
"It would be quite impossible for me,
Mr. Mayor, to express in words "
At this point he was interrupted with
cheers, and he began again:
"It would be quite impossible to express
In words how deeply I am moved by thi?
— all these honors, one after the other—
that beautiful' cup. the freedom of' the
city, and great, magnificent reception. I
cannot say what I want to. but, speaking
for myself and the gallant squadron I haa
Advances mode on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
"Actions of Just
. Smell Sweet/
' The fragrance of life is vigor and
strength, neither of 'which can be found
in a person c whose blood is impure, and
whose every breath speaks of internal
troubles. Hood's Sarsaparilla purifies
the blood and makes the weak strong.
hf)WI Bood's Sarsaparilla 7C{ ■-
eVIT IV Cut . Rate Druggists ■ **
Drug Co. 1128 Market Street, S. F.
the honor to command at Manila, I thank
you from the bottom of my heart."
After the formal ceremonies Admiral
Dewey went about shaking hands with
his friends.
"Come here, all you captains," he said,
addressing the naval captains presei.t.
Then he introduced each to the audieme.
"Captain Lamberton of the Olympic."
hf cried. "Captain Wilder of the Bostcn,
Captain Coghlan of the Raleigh, Captain.
Dyer r>f the Baltimore, Captain Wood of
the Petrel, Captain Walker of the Ccn
corrt."
When the captains had all assembled he
waved his hands toward them and said: ,
"These are the men who did it. Th' se
are- the rr.on who should be thank'd.
Without them I could do nothing."
The loving cup presented to the admiral
is Roman in form and is made of 18-karat
gold. The handles are formed of three
dolphins, -wrought in green and geld.
Around the nock are forty-five stars, em
blematic of the Union. The body of :he
cup Is divided by the handles into th-ee
panels, which are employed for the prir.ci
pal decorations. On 'the front panel is a
portrait in relief of Admiral Dewey, sur
rounded with a wreath of oak leaves, the
whole resting en an eagle with rut
-1 stretched wings. Underneath this panel,
upon the band arcur.d the foot, are the
letters "G. D., U. S. N." The second
panel has chased in half relief a picture
of the Olympla and beneath is a sh eld
with four stars, betokening the recipient's
grade. On the third pan^l is an escutch
eon upon which is engraved the in
scription, with the names of the mayor
and members of the municipal assembly
and of the committee of plan and scipe.
The coat of arms of the city of Xew 1 ork
appears below the inscription. About the
feet are a series of anchors,' a rope tie! in
three knots, dolphins, seaweed and c;her
nautical devices. The cup stands -hir
teen inches high, has a capacity of four
and a half quarts and cost $5000.
For More Dewey Matter See Page 8.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEAFNESS^ND
CATARRH CURED
IN ALL ITS FORMS,
ALSO
Asthma, Chronic Bronchial
Trouble, Chronic Stomach
Trouble, Chronic Kidney
Disease, Chronic Rheuma-
tism, Affections of the Skin,
Diseases of Blood, Dis-
eases of Nervous System.
MRS. N. B. PEAK. 453 JESSIE ST.,
city, says: It is with great Joy and
gratification that I certify to the excellence ]
of the ' Fleckenstein Treatment. For the past '
ten or fifteen years I have suffered from a !
very aggravated form of chronic Nasal and
Throat Catarrh, which gradually affected my
hearing, besides causing most distracting head '
noises and severe headaches. ■
Now, after a short course of treatment, I '<
consider myself cured, which seems truly '
miraculous to me, since I have tried so many
treatments, without any benefit. My head is
now absolutely clear, my hearing I consider
perfect, and the head noises and pains have
been thoroughly eradicated.
/t» mm f\ £~\ a month is the total expense
7%^% 111 I of treatment for any chronlo i
ySJ\J*\J\J ailment or malady, and In-
cludes all medicines and ap-
pliances and our constant care and attention
until cured. 1
PATIENTS LIVING AT A DISTANCE can
be successfully treated by the aid of Dr Fleck-
enstein' c symptom blanks and patients' report :
sheets, sent free on application.
CONSULTATION FREE.
It will cost you nothing to write or call on :
us and have a diagnosis made of your case, an [
honest opinion what can be done for It, and,
If curable, how long It will take.
THE FLECKENSTEIN
MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
EMPORIUM BUILDING*
825 and 855 Market Street, j
Rooms 615-616, Fifth floor. ■
Office Hours — From 9 a. m. to 12 m. : from 1
to 6 p. m. : evenings, Tuesdays and Fridays;
Sundays, from 10 a. m. to 12 m.
Modern
Residences.
Corner Filimore and Vallejo Streets.
MARINE VIEW.
; ft VcS*^
If fjj.iSJ W fM^Sil .
Natural hard wood finish throughout. Each :
house has all latest Improvements. Open
plumbing, two baths, three closets, furnace
laundry. Open for Inspection dally. Janitor
on premises. j
HOOKER <£ LENT,
14 Post Street.
CALIFORNIA
STANDARD OIL
CQMPAN7.
Location of Property and •>'! 'Wells.
McKITTRICK, KERN O*. CAL.
OFFICERS- •
J. M. MERRELL - President
WILLIAM J. DINGEE ...Vice President
DIRECTOR^
C. H. KING JAMEI HAMILTON
' M. J. L .VYM'NCE.
WALTER C. 8EAT1E..... Treasurer
OFFICES.
Rooms 15-16, second floor' <60 Eighth St.,
Mills bldg., San Fran^co. Oakland. Cal.
jlliil DR. HAIL'S BEINVIGOR A fOX
-*■ *\lmmm\ Five fundred reward for any
i™ case v* cannot cure. This secret
ti^-» *'i H remed/ stops all losses in 24
jSjflfl HBB hour/ cures Emissions, Impo-
lithJ EViTTi tencs Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
fSBM mM Gle.'. Fits. Strictures, Lost
Q|f U^cf, Malhood and all wasting effects
M>iWr ' ■ «J of/self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 boti> c : 3 bottles, • $3: guaranteed to
cure any case /Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. B.v Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at l>/3'; Market st., S. F. All private !
diseases u.ui£ly cured. Send for free bogle i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SMALL SICKNESSES.
Do Not Neglect Them; They Often Grow
Into Larger Ones.
Piles are painful, persistent, hard to
cure, but they can be cured. There is just
one remedy that will do it. It is a recent
discovery, but it has been on the market
long enough to have the indorsement of
leading physicians and the recommenda-
tion of thousands of cured patients.
Pyramid Pile Cure acts quickly and di-
rectly, it cures the cause of the trouble.
Cures it so that the effect is permanent.
A great many salves and ointments will
give relief for a few minutes. That is not
what is wanted. Pyramid Pile Cure will
cure any sort of piles— Itching or
bleeding. It will cure the lightest or the
most aggravated case. The first applica-
tion will do more good than a dozen, boxes
of any of the many so called cures
now sold. Read these letters. The/ are
from people who have tried it:
Mr. J. W. Rollins, a gentleman living at
Sweet Springs, Mo., writes briefly and to
the pent regarding his experience with
piles. He says: I consider the Pyramid
Pile Cure without an equal. It cured mo
in less than thirty days. I waited fifteen
days or more to be sure the remedy had
fully cured me before writing you. I can
now say I am cured, and I shall recom-
mend the Pyramid Pile Cure at every pos-
sible opportunity, because it deserves it.
Miss Easter Xunley , of . Tracy . City,
Term., writes: The Pyramid Pile Cure has
done my sister more good than anything
she has ever taken. I have nothing but
words" of warm commendation for it.
From J. D. Roberts, Mt. Moriah, Mo.: I
have used the Pyramid Pile Cure and re-
sults have been entirely satisfactory.
There can be no question but that it is
j certain and lasting cure for piles; at least
I it has so provei. in my case. ■
All druggists stll full sized packages of
Pyramid Pile Curt for 50 cents.
Address Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich., for little book on cure of piles,
! mailed free.
When requested, the resorts mentioned
in this column will send you circulars
giving full Information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc "When writing please mention
The Call. -
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are Hotel
i and assured del
j Pleasure at Coronado
Bend for Pamphlets, Terms, Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now In Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery st., 8. 8".
../ETNA SPRINGS..
For a restful, health-renewing
I vacation this is the best time.
j Accommodations maintained at
highest standard.
Rates. $10 to $14 per week; 8. P. to St. He-
lena at 7 a. m. or 4 p. m.; private rig to
springs; round trip, $7. Apply W. L. MITCH-
ELL, Aetna Springs, Napa.Co., or J. H. SIMP-
SON. I. O. O. F. building. San Francisco.
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS
For the relief and cure of Rheumatism,
; Gout, Diabetes, Brights and other renal
i complaints, Asthma, Obesity and Chron-
i ie Catarrh.
For further Information address
J. PERRAULT, M.D.,
PARAISO .SPRINGS.
Or office, city, No. 336 Sutter st.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY *% HOUR 3
from San Francisco and but 9 miles' stag-
Ing: waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath In State; swimming and boating:
' grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
■ door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mail and express: FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $5 60. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 1:30 p m. Verms. $2 a day or $12 a
' week. References, any guest of the past four
1 years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
I year unprecedented- J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
Go to BYRON HOT SPRINGS.
The Hot Mineral Baths will cure your I
Rheumatism. Address A. BETTENS. at I
springs, or call on LOMBARD & CO.. I
agents, room SO. XK 1 * Geary st.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ONTHH
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms," good
i boating on lake; boats free to guests.: prices
reasonable *S to $10 per week ; special rates tor
I families. w - J MCDONALD, Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
C I/MATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT;
,one better In Lake Co. gas Indoors anil
out H. WAMBOLD.
1 APA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
HOTEL SANTA CRUZ. Santa Cruz, " Call
First-class Family and Commercial Hotel.
This hotel Is located on the corner of Locust
and Vine streets, one block from the Court-
house. Rates, $1 to $2 per day. Special rates
to families. CHARLES HENDERSON. 304
Montgomery st.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During: Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting ths
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sam*
tt the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents...; pet* Week
85 Cents pep Month
■ POSTAGE PREPAID.
CDTTCUI7C F ° BARBERS. BAK-
UK U Ohiiber^boo^cks. t x-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
dyer*, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper*
, dangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
.tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
i Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.WAR WITH THE BOERS IS NOW
CONSIDERED CERTAIN IN LONDON
Burghers Have Carefully Planned a Campaign and May Open Hostilities
at Any Time, Striking First Probably at
Delapa Bay.
A View of the Natal-Transvaal Frontier and Vicinity.
Showing the most important points Involved in the movements of the British and Boer forces, as told In the dispatches, and the character of the country In
ne.
LONDON, Sept. 30.— War., now']
seems certain. Th» extraordln- I
ary the 1 loera In taking
a hostile initiative, as pointed but ;
in th>- dispatches of th<? A'ssocl- i
• ■•• ■!• s',. is still a paei
lir circumstance. But ir has doubtful
significance when compared with the
-:• and far-reaching preparations ;
. ■ c ma king fur hostilities.
rude of the British Govern
ment In always insisting upon s
ejgn power has practically undergone
. ■■ throughout the entire nego
tage h;i? depended
upon Presid< nt Kruger. If he would
ick down when the British dft
■!■■• less Bweepingly Expressed
in scarcely do so now. when they
• ■ .: • 1 with almost brutal
frankness. The negotiations, according
sident Kruger's own statements
ludging from all the available in
formation, seem to have reached an
iivip.'ipse. Rumors of the .interference
• ::n power continue to crop up.
but the most-sanguine scarcely believe
would turn the British from their
determination, evident .' from the first,
• to compel President Krugsr
<•> sub it absolutely to their terms,
though :-;. culation i? rife regarding
.the awkward complications which
miprht ensu t.y German <ir' Russian di
• ADVERTISEMENTS.,
Sweet butter can't be made in a sour
churn. The stomach is a churn. A foul
stomach fouls Hie food put into it. When
the food is fouled the blood made from
it is fouled also. Foul blood means dis-
ease.' Cleanse the churn and you have
sweet butter. Cleanse the stomach and
you have pure blood. The; tar reaching
notion of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery is due to its effect on the
stomach and organs of digestion and
nutrition. Diseases that begin in the
stomach are cured through the stomach.
"Dr. Tierce's Golden Medical Discovery has
proved a great blessing to me," writes" Mrs.
Ellen E. Bacon, of Shutesbiiry, Franklin Co.,
Mass. « Prior to September, 1597, I had doctored
for my stomach trouble for several years, going
through a course of treatment without any real
benefit. In September, 1896. I had very sick
spells and crew worse; could eat but little. I
commenced to' take Dr. Pierces medicine- «nd
in a short time , I could eat and work. I have
gained twenty pound* in two months."
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
Adviser sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send
21 one -cent stamps for paper -bound
volume, or 3f cents for cloth binding, to
Dr. R. V. Pierce, 66,3 Main Street, Buf-
falo, N. Y.
JA w | Golden Medical Discovery nr r
eVTf 1 Cut . Rate Dru Plst9 '«V
Drug Co, 1128 Market Street. S. P,
versions in various parts of the globe.
Bereft «.-f the countless, confusing
phases, due to secrecy regarding the
Intentions of the Government involved
and the contradictory reports from the
troubled territory, the most probable
solution of the situation seems this:
The Boers, who evidently must s<=>e the
efforts of the British Government to
avert hostilities until the arrival of re
enforcements, having, weeks ago,
planned a campaign, will put it Into
operation perhaps as early as this
week. They will probably avoid en
f.:^"inents and devote their energies to
the destruction of property and the cap
ture of pris 'ners. and perhaps raid on
Delagoa Bay. It seems unlikely that
they, will attack via Laings Neck and
other passes of that country, for the
simple reason that these points are so
openly talked about as their probable
points of aggression, keenest observers
believe it to be more likely that the
Boers will pperate through Zululand,
thus Treating a diversion of the 15,000
British troop? now chiefly massed at
Lady Smith or in its neighborhood.
In the meanwhile, or perhaps pre
vious to this, a British army corps con
sisting of 20,000 men or more, will be
sent out. Parliament will be sum
moned, anil no doubt the necessary sup
plies will be-granted, though there will
be some hut debating.
Regarding the plans of campaign of
the respective armies there is no reli
able information, though it is the gen
eral assumption that the main object
of the British will be the capture of
Pretoria. The duration of the conflict
Is a matter of widest surmise, though
Continental and British papers do not
express the faintest doubt that It will
resUlt in the defeat of the Boers and
the addition of their country to Great
Britain's colonies.
"Were peace or war dependent merely
upon matters of suzerainty or the fran
rhise there might be some hope that
hostilities may be averted at the last
moment. But the Associated Press
learns that apparently there is truth In
what the peace-party papers have often
hinted at; that is to say. that the un
derlying motive actuating the British
Government throughout the negotia
tions has been the suppression of what
it has reason to believe was a fßi
reaehing conspiracy for the establish
ment of a Dutch faction from Zambesi
Ito the Cape. The authority for this
statement Is Mr. Chamberlain himself.
In conversation, so a representative
of the Associated Press was reliably in
formed, the Secretary of State for the
Colonies said that one great feature of
the situation, which could not be
brought before the public for fear that
i the Government's object might be mis
' interpreted, was the Cabinet's well
defined understanding that for months
a carefully fostered plot had been- in
pro ress to form a Dutch federation.
l!e also referred to the action of the
Orange Free State and to that of the
Afrikander members of the Cape Legis
; lature. which Bomewhat confirm Mr.
Chamberlain's view;, for it if! impossible
to believe that such important steps
would result from mere spontaneity of
, sentiment "ri a current dispute.
It has long been suspected that the
• Cabin-: wai prompted by more vital
questions than the Outlander rights,
and, if Mr. Chamberlain is quoted cor
rectly, it would appear that Great Brit
ain will not stop until reassured of the
absolute safety of her supremacy in
Smith Africa.
The Speaker, a peace advocate, ad
mits regretfully that the war party is
1 in the ascendant in Great Britain, and
evejry London daily except the Chron
icle supports Mr. Chamberlain* with
every afternoon paper, except -the
Westminster Gazette, the Star and
Echo. Among the country paper's,
i however, some of the most influential
papers oppose the war. Their feelings
are voiced by the Speaker, saying:
"We feel fated to be plunged into a
! war for which the historian will be
| unabio to find adequate justification, or
; even a plausible excuse."
The session of the British Parlia
ment is not expected to be either long
I or exciting and to be mainly, devoted to
| voting the necessary money and sup
] pl!ff>. The army board met after
I yesterday's Cabinet council and dis-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 1. 1599.
I cussed the various strategic questions.
Opinions appeared to favor the belief
j that the Boers will moke no serious in
vasion of Xatal.
The prospect of stringency in the
1 money market occupies serious atten
i tion in financial circles. There has been
i an immense drain of gold to South Af
rica since the crisis. Altogether, from
London and Australia. £3.000,000 has
been drawn, while it is impossible to
! adequately gauge the future require
: menta in the same direction. This, to
i gether with American competition for
gold and the need of gold to move the
crops In Egypt and South America,
makes promise of a greater stringency
than has been expertfAced for years
' past.
DUKE OF DEVONSHIRE
STILL HOPES FOR PEACE
LONDON, Sept. 30.— The Duke of Dev
onshire, I^ord President of the Council, at
a public; luncheon at the Technical Schools
at New Milli-. Derbyshire, near Man
chester, this afternoon, replying to a toa«t
to his health, referred to the Transvaal
I situation, saying:
"1 wish 1 could say anything to relieve
i the anxiety that you, 1 and the whole
country feel u_s to the prospects in South
Africa. AVhen the Cabinet separated yes
! terday it had not received an answer to
! the dispatch sent last week. If we can
give any credit to unofficial sources of ln
-1 formation, it is not likely that the tenor
j of the reply will put an end to the exist-
Ing painful tension.
"The obstacle which seems to stand in
the way ol a peaceful settlement appears
tv be the rooted conviction of the Boers
; that we cherish designs hostile to their
' independence. That such apprehensions
i are unfounded has been asserted as
strongly as possible— officially in our dis
patches and unofficially by members uf
I the Government.
"The unfounded suspicions of President
Kruger and hi 3 Government cannot re
! lieve us of the duty of taking measures
! for the protection of our fellow subjects
I and the interests of peace and good gov
j eminent. The stage of negotiations
reached is that we do not see any ad
-1 vantage in pressing the proposals we have
; made In regard to the iranchlse and the
! admission of the uitlanders to a voice in
■ the assembly which governs the affairs of
i the South African republic. These pro
i posals have never been an essential point
I of difference. They were made on the sug-
I gestlon of Sir Alfred Milner, British High
[ Commissioner in South Africa and Gov
ernor of Cape Colony, as a means where
iby undoubted grievances of our fellow-
I subjects might be redressed without the
necessity Of interference by the British
Government.
••These proposals have not been received
I in a spirit which leads us to hope that
! they will lead to a solution of the ques
tion We have been driven (o the neces
! slty of formulating requirement* which
i we consider ourselves entitled to make
! not only under the conventions but by
virtue of our interest and the duty of
I every State to protect its own citizens
; and for the maintenance of peace and
i order in South Africa.
"The military preparations made by the
i Transvaal have compelled us to make
similar preparations, and as these will en
; tail considerable expenditure the Govern
ment considers that this matter ought to
receive the sanction of Parliament . hence
. Parliament will soon be summoned.
•■The Government will' gladly welcome
; that opportunity for Inviting judgment of
its conduct throughoul the negotiations.
"1 can only hope thai more moderate
counsels may prevail in the Transvaal
and that some means will be found to
disabuse the people there of the Idea—ab
solutely unfounded— that we cherish any
designs of interfering with their inde
pendence or require anything for our peo
ple but the barest fights and the barest
measure of justice. If they should so
frame their policy there Is no need that
the existence of their state shall be a
continual source of anxiety and trouble iti
that portion of Africa."
THOUGHTS OF WAR
UPPERMOST IN ENGLAND
I/DNDON, Sept. 30.- Forebodings of war
to come have almost banished from the
people's minds all thought of the murh
coveted America's cup and the fortunes
of the Shnmroek. >*
For a timf yesterday th* city was sim
ply in a state of fever heat, for it waa
tne day of the Cabinet meeting, at which,
though nothing was expected to be known
of the deliberations of the Ministers, it
w;ih thought they would push the
into a corner where they must either fight
or give in.
Jt was said recently that the Govern
ment's opinion was that if it came to war
with the Transvaal it would cost Great
Britain £5,000,000. The Government has
KmiH a good way toward expending that
amount already, for the transportation of
troops with accessories from England and
India to positions in Natal, according to
inf->rmation derived from an official
source, has cost so far nearly £1,000,000.
TRIUMPH OF GREAT
BRITAIN IS PREDICTED
ROME, Sept. 30.— The Osservatore Rn
mano, organ of the Vatican, printed an
editorial to-day vindicating the British
demands In the Transvaal and predicting
the triumph of Great Britain. This edi
torial created general surprise, and it is
( \; ected hereafter the clerical press will
be pro-British.
HORSES SECURED
FOR THE BURGHERS
LONDON, Sept. 30.— A dispatch received
this evening fn>m Johannesburg says the
Transvaal officials to-day requisitioned
700 horses, provisions and general equip
When we acknowledge the living truth that
V \ I, Electricity is Life and Energy and Nerve Force and
• \ 1 I / Vigor, it is easy to see why it strengthens and
\ \ l / / / : builds up a weak, debilitated system.
\ *^*f%lffTffT^f fC Iff */ / Once upon a time — twenty-five years ago — I
' & T^(flvi** w«8 I Br& / ***!§*&' worked upon that theory, and demonstrated it to
\^j\jP*^ \ Vi fi k / *** / k e a practical fact. I proved to my own and my
\ \a \ / n / / '/ patients' satisfaction that Electricity properly and
\. \ \ v / / // / faithfully applied was a never- failing restorer of
'"''TREAT WEAK MEN
_^_^^^^3*s ■■ ' 8 t^ Ay M^w%s^£S£3C^^ And have done so for 30 years. I have made a
*^^^^P^y^fl W<S^' rvr^^^^ specialty of all disorders of the glandular and ner-
/^^^i^^im^ !^m^^^^^K^\, ' vous system which result from youthful indiscre-
Vr^^^^K^^m^^^^^^K lions and later excesses. I have found the proper
M^^^^o^^^^^^^^^^ remedy to be the galvanic current properly applied,
iilfeL ' i^^^fei^^^^^^^^^Si\ and ! liave found the proper application to be acon-
iF^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^aw^^Tiil tinuous one and plenty of it. That's why I invented
wj-pfT^^^P^l^^^^^ymS^^y^^r'l'P my first portable battery, which developed by de-
■ ■^U- 1 !^i^ l - 1 w ■ - rees into my Present great Dr. Sanden Electric
'"" V^^Sl^^EiSll iE^K^^^Sfc^ Belt with attachment for men - ] P ut this appliance
X^^^^^^^ul^^^^^^^^^p^^^^ against any treatment ever known. Currents in-
T^^\\^^^^^l stantly felt, though controlled by regulator screw.
ii^^y :^CJh \\i^otQ^^^~^^~~~ Wear it at night. It cures while you sleep. 6000
s^ men given strength during 1898.
/^/^^^^4\\ Frpp Rnnk free Consultation.
/S / ~n<^^^m^\ \. Ns lloC DUuRi riuC UUiluUliailUlli
s /-^/^//lll\y^^^\^ Drop in and consult me free of charge. or write
/ Is VI A V \ or free' book, "Three Classes of Men," which ex-
/ /f ft n \ V\ \ plains all, sent in plain sealed envelope.
' / / I \ \ "HI? TA V A fo\ 1 1 v ' h\ 10 lxiliuJ bl.,
/ / I \ 1/J.Vi -Li JLJ.* UjLllll^iJllj San Francisco, Cal.
OFFICE HOURS— 9 to 6; Sunday 11 to 1.
VENEZUELA'S
REVOLUTION
IS ENDED
Such the Generally Accepted
Belief at Port of Spain,
Trinidad.
SUCCESS OF REBELS
The Leader, General Castro, Is Ex
pected Daily to Announce His
Cabinet Selections.
Special Cable to The Tall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, I&S9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad. Sept. 30.
— It is the generally accepted belief here
that the revolution in Venezuela is
ended. General Castro, leader of the
revolution, is expected daily to an
nounce his Cabinet. As El Mocho Her
nandez, at the timo of his incarceration
by President Andrade, ordered his offi
cers to join General Castro's forces,
which they did, there is now no division
in the revolutionary party. The best
feeling exists between Hernandez and
the Castro factions. The troops of the
Venezuelan Government under General
Luciano Mendoi.a are now intrenched
at Los Colorados. with a view of mak
ing a final stand there against General
Castro.
The final battles in former revolutions
have been fought at Los Colorados. As
it is a railroad town it is easy to get
heavy ordnance forward to the
trenches. General Castro has been suc
cessful In outwitting the Government.
The advance guard of revolutionists
proceeded to Los Colorados, while the
main army under General Castro made
a circuitous route In the mountains
around Piedra Azul into El Valle, three
miles from Caracas, without any oppo
sition, leaving the Government troops
under General Mendoza in the rear.
General Castro's advance guard is now
at the gates of Caracas.
ment for the burghers. Horses were even
requisitioned in the street and stables and
the town was depleted.
The West Hand command of 600 men
started for the front this morning and the
Johannesburg corps of 750 men is follow
ing.
In the meantime business is stagnant
and the exodus of Outlanders continues,
200 leaving Johannesburg on one train to
day.
KRUGER'S NEPHEWS
WILL JOIN THE ARMY
BRUSSELS. Sept. 30.— The Messager de
Bruxelles says that two nephews of Pres
ident Kruger, who were attached to the
Transvaal diplomatic agency, have left
Brussels to join the forces of the Trans
vaal.
STEAMER BARBARDA FOR
TRANSPORT SERVICE
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Sept. 30.— Th©
■ steamer Barbarda was surveyed Uy the
i naval authorities to-day for the purpose
I of conveying troops, mules and provisions
to the Cape. The charter will probably be
effected to-night. About 2000 mules, a
quantity of provisions and the Leicester
Regiment are to be conveyed to the Cape.
Other vessels are required for the service.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
SACRIFICED HIMSELF
TO SAVE OTHERS
SPOKAXE. Sept. 30.— A Cascade, B. C,
siif-fial to the Spokesman-Review says:
Cascade received a terrible baptism of
fire last night. Alex Arvell was killed
while heroically trying to save others.
The property loss is about $33,000; the In
surance $44,~)0.
The burned district covers a solid block
in the heart of the town. Six hotels and
one cigar Btore were burned in an hour.
All the burned buildings hjd sleeping oc
cupants, some of whom escaped only in
scanty attire. Arvell was imprisoned by
falling walls nnd before lie could be
rescued a sea of flames swept over him.
_ " ADVERTISEMENTS.
®^®^®^®^®^®^®^®^®^®^®^®f®f®^^®^®^®^®^<Sy¥®-¥®-¥®'¥®'¥®
♦ . >-
I SPECIAL SILK ATTRACTIONS !
*r We have purchased from a leading silk manufacturer the entire >
4- stock of several patterns of this season's Fancy Silks. The !$.
x fabrics represent the very finest, and we shall offer the same ®.
t TO-MORROW, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2d, f
| AT ASTONISHINGLY LOW PRICES I |
® ®
1 SILKS! SILKS! SILKS! I
| Corded Taffeta. I
P 19 inch, in violet, cardinal, dark blue, etc. Regular value. 75c. Special Ai\r' ®
X at Per Yard *T\J\* (»
± "Extra Quality" Xaffeta, ®
22 inch, for waists, etc.; in beautiful stripes, light and dark grounds. QEEf. "♦■
X Regular value. Jl 00. Special at Per Yard OUv (i)
+. High-class Novelty Silks. ®
® 21 inch, in monotone grounds, with lace stripes. Regular value, Crl f\f\ X
■♦■ 1150. Special at Per YardtJ>l»vJ\J ®
+ Corded Duchess Satin. ®
(5) 21 inch, in newest colorings. Regular value, $150. Special at (1 f\f\ -♦•
V Per Yard Q>««"" ®
0 -5-
I VELOURS! VELOURS! I
We have received a beautiful assortment of fancy velours, suitable for cushion X
®. tops, mantel or piano drapes, couch covers, etc.; a fine texture, with the grand- vS)
I "♦" est designs and combination of colors ever 75c, 85c and $1.00 X
® shown Per Yard (OV) OOt anu tJ>I«UU ®
® Sill< \7elour. ®
-♦- Same as above, only in silk, with designs never shown in the <£Q f\ft X
0 city before; 24 Inches wide, at Per Yard «J>^.»vfVr 0
1 SILK WAISTS! SILK WAISTS! >
(•) Commencing MONDAY, October !, we will place on sale a lot of this season's .2.
4. styles of FANCY AND PLAIN SILK WAISTS at remarkably low prices. These ~Z
S goods were bought by our New York representative for spot cash at These V)
goods were bougrht by our New York representative for spot cash at greatly W
- reduced prices. Hr
•® Silk: W/aists. -♦■
X FIVE DOZEN FANCY STRIPE TWO-TONED SILK WAISTS, latest cut. ®
s? corded effects in all the newest shades. Regular value, $6 00. SPE- C? Q Ckf\ >■
> CIAL at WOiaU (i)
T SIX DOZEN CORDED SATIN DUCHESS SILK WAISTS, corded fronts and >
♦" sleeves, in all the latest shades. Regular value, $7 50. SPECIAL fITCj: AA ®
X THREE DOZEN BLACK and WHITE EFFECTS. TAFFETA SILK WAISTS, (S)
® black ground with white stripes, latest cut. Regular, $7 50. SPE- CRT AA i
■♦- CIAL at .' tP<J»\J\J
| Per feet- fitting; Serge Skirts. +
(!) Tailor stitched; greatest value ever offered; black, navy and &A f\f\ i
+ brown. Regular value, $6 00. SPECIAL at «tJJT"»V/vf X
® Skirts. |
,jn Have you seen our "Rainy Weather Skirts"? all the rage In the East. Don't (|)
V fail to ask for them. .£.
© . D k .^:::::::::::::::::::Ki«;v$4.5Oto$lo |
1 LATEST NOVELTIES IN LACES AND TRIMMINGS, i
® SILK VEST.INGS. FANCY CHIFFONS, exquisite designs, embroidered on X
I jS^te!li.^^;^^?^Ta 85c, $1.50 to $6 {
I COLUMBIA KID GLOVES. 1
®_ EVERY PAIR FITTED AND GUARANTEED. PRICE fl»| AA X
X A Pair t!>!.VJU ®
"r Samples sent on application. Packages delivered free of charge in this and
"♦" neighboring cities and towns. (!)
® >
| : (?)
| KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN, ®
| 107-109 Post St. . 1220-1222-1224 Market St. ©
-f ®XS -f ®#§W®+®+®*®+®+®^+®+®+®+®+®+®+®+®+®+®+®
CALIFORNIA WELCOME
TO VISITING MINERS
Delegates to the American Institute
of Mining Engineers Entertained
Throughout the State.
GRASS VALLEY. Sept. 20.— Grass Val
ley has been en fete to-day and to-night
in horor of the presence of the visiting
miners who attended the recent meeting
of the American Institute of Mining En
gineers at San Francisco, and the Cali
fornia miners, who escort them. The
many ladies have become miners, too. by
this timp. The special train of ten cars
leaving San Jose Friday night took in re
inforcements at the Oakland mole at 2
a. m. and arrived at Colfax in the late
forenoon.
A special narrow gauge train, with a
brass band from Grass Valley, took the
crowd to the "Quartz Crowned Empress
of the Sierras," taking along from Colfax
Jacob H. Nefl, Harold T. Power and Ivan
H. Parker of Plater County. The ar
rangements were perfect. At Grass Val
ley a roya! reception tilled the day and
night. Carriages took the party to the
famous old Empire mine, where the
beauty of Grass Valley served a royal
luncheon amid the park-line beauty that
tops the veins from which $5,000,000 have
come. At the mines and in the town the
hospitality was hearty and free, and even
the Californians v,ere surprised and de
i lighted by the day'? experience.
In the evening Mayor Clinch presided
j at an enjoyable banquet at the Holbrook
j Hotel. Sunday will see a similarly de
; lightful and profitable experience at Ne
i vada City.
Buried in Potter's Field.
SANTA ANA, Sept. 30.— The remains of
1 the tramp shot Thursday night by Officer
; Murray at Orange were buried in the pot
; ter's field. The officers here think Glover
was a member of a gang of thieves who
have been operating in various localities
i along the coast for several years past.
Helvetia Mines Transferred.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Sept. "TO.— J. B. Seag»r
filed deeds for tccord to-day transferring
the Helvetia group of copper mines fir
50.000.000 to the Helvetia Mining Company.
These mine? were purchased nine months
ago for $30,000. The mines are located thir
teen miles i-a-u <>f the Azurite mines.
Hill Trial Ended.
VENTURA., Sept. 30.— The latest chapter
in the Hill murder trial closed to-day.
Judge Day sentencing the prisoner to
fourteen years in San Quentin, Twenty
days' stay of execution was granted. De
fendant's attorneys will carry the case to
the Supreme Court on appeal.
34
PEACE IS ASKED
BY AGUINALDO
Has Sent Commissioners to the
American Lines With His
Propositions.
General Otis Refuses to Receive Them
on the Ground That He Would Be
Recognizing Their Political
Organization.
VILA. Oct. 1, Noon.—
The Filipino Peace Commis
sion, which arrived at the
American !int>s yesterday
morning, brought a request
from Aguinaldo that he be
permitted to send a represen
tative of his Government to
negotiate for peace. General
Otis refused the request. There
will be another conference.
MANILA, Oct. 2.— After a
fifty minute interview with
30 p. m.— This
■■'•■il day with tho
■ican
Early this morning
the ■ mmission ap
fol-
1. Then a coinmitt< f ' three
for the rel
I up
[th ■ ■■■ . rvants
arrying their bag-
I ! aln car
i d prisoriei
special carrying M
Is Lawton and
.■..-.. on a tour
The American prisoners are Corporal
Otto Scheu and Privates Albert Reub
beck, Otto Wagner and Peter Rollins,
all of the Third Infantry, captured
near Balinag July'2S; Joseph. Macid
rath, James Boyle, William Miller, John
Crinshaw, Thomas Daly and Eli Drew
of the Sixteenth Infantry, captured at
Caloocan in August; Paul pillano and
Louis Ford of the- Fourth Infantry:
Charles Wilmerder, a discharged/Third
Artillery man, captured by bandits
while boat ii n.ear Malabon, and
George Graham, colored, an orderly of
the Sixteenth Infantry, who was put
off a train near Malolos- and imme
diately captured by insurgents.
A party of correspondents and pho
tographers awaited in the intrench
ments of the American outposts before
the wrecked bridge " across the river
separating the two armies, and at '.<
o'clock a group came down the track
waving handkerchiefs, on bamboo and
halted before the bridge. A bugle then
sounded the "Attention," and Major
Shields of General Wheaion's staff and
five j soldiers with raised handkerchiefs
picked their way across the bridge. The
Filipinos introduced themselves — Gen
erai Alejandrius, a slender, bright-look
ing young man of 32, a veteran of the
rebellion against .Spain; Lieutenant
Colonel Orino and Major i mm- .-■. the lat
ter of German blood and speaking
linglish fluently.- There Boon appear*
a second party of fourteen Americans
marching between, files of insurgent
soldiers. They looked the picture of
health a: . were dressed in new Fili
pino uniforms of blue gingham and
were carrying monkeys andotherthings
from their Filipino friends. General
[Wheeler, being anxious to see the Fili
pinos, forded the river with a corporal
mounted behind, and the staff horses
carrying double.
General Wheeler shook hands with
the Filipinos, and there was a general
exchange of greetings while the pho
tographers plied their vocation across
the track. The file of barefooted Fili
pino soldiers curiously surveyed the
line of stalwart American sentinels,
whose physique contrasted strongly
with the little brown men, who looked
too little lor. their guns. General
[Wheeler", who had no official connection
with the incident, returned to General
Arthur, and General Wheaton ap
peared at the other end of the bridge.
The Commissioners' and prisoners ford
ed the river, dismounted and saluted.
General Mac Arthur's first inquiry was
for Lieutenant Gllmore's party, and
General Alejandrius replied vaguely
that they "were in the north."
Mac Arthur aske.i if they
WOUld ■ tl Alr-jan
drins said: '1 must consult with my
ifore answering."
asly eemmend
ed tli c of them Baid :
"We r iv«^n the best the coun
try afforded -fine houses for Quarters,
serve nts, . plenty of wim
eral Auuinaldo
visited 'is and shook hands. Thi
the boya refused v- shake hands with
him."
Jud m the stories of the pns-
IWT^eQldßlcnd
; te?E^?a Whisky
ifrfiSnila fROTI Thß
JSiSSS^Ay ° Recipe
All ♦« vw (Mm to t*a t-r« >
EDIJCBIKOH to LONDON", or a.17 I
<•: .1 iitot -m *» ro»o, la ihca j
rtjJt to th« • WRITE KORSB CULLAB,'
fa: KDiKBIIROH, it »Neb rU-i: :V» rut j. !
■ recwral la • STAGE COACH cki^'Usmut
j and r»:3»r. mine, ;»rfona» the «Mt lama* .
la ».(i :•« d; r» (if Cod |Kt3Us), and tea ions
; at Ay« m v.* moraine* ■ '
"Alleirsx each fanmfa 14 pooadt mibl 1
' anl aU urore^ 4 |>er.>x pa pwaHl
"WHITE HORSE CELLAR"
SCOTCH WHISKY
From
Mackie & Co., Islay, Scotland.
CHARLES MEIKBCKB & CO..
As*nt» Pacific Coast, in Bacram«nta Street,
gaa i'Yaiivlsco, OU, •
the Filipino Commissioners
Otis said: I think the object
of the commission is to pave
the way or receive consent for
the reception of a political del
egation to discuss terms of
peace. I refused to listen to
the proposition because by lis
tening I would practically
give recognition to so-called
Filipino political organiza
tion and notified commission
ers I would hold no further
conference.
I oners they have been lionized by the
"■■'■- i poi t thai five sailors
survivors of Naval Cadet Wood's party,
arrived at Tarlac Wednesday. Though
small impo.-tar.ro fg attached to their
judgment they agree In saying: that the
Filipinos all say that they "are tired of
• I ■•- will fight for independence
to the fast."
The bi Idlers also say that
the Idea of ind< pei lence has taken a
"firm hold on the Filipinos, and they
threaten, If c
■ - by assassination. Aguin
r among all the |
■ra in. t. The country is
full of rich <t<>j>s. All the prisoners- teli
if experience. Those
.in w-re marched
roads at night through
tcAvn? occupied by the Americana
While Aguinaldo only offered to re
- in Tarlac, there is
nt that Lieutenant
party failed to arrive. The
I • - not arouse
great expectations as to the result of
Up- visit
lor Ones paid frankly they wore
, very tired of the war, but they "decline
v what proposals they bring. The
Filipinos lunched v*ith General Young
atSan F tando. Their quarters will
be at the Oriente Hotel at Manila.
Ma i (''-is and his party
n-ed with General Mac Arthur and
■ i Manila.
General Bates to-Tiight takes General
Wheaton's command at Angeles
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— The War
irtment has received the following:
MANILA, Sept. 30.— Adjutant general
Wasl \ communication dat^d the
12th ir.st.. from General Garcia, command-
Ing ;.ll the Ii Eastern
Mindanao, expresses his desire tv turn
the country over to the United States and
surrender the Insurgent arm?. OTIS.
War Department officials to-day are
very much encouraged regarding the
situation in the Philippines as con
veyed by the official and press dis
patches. The dispatch relative to the
. Intended surrender of the eastern por
tion of Mindar.ua, indicates, it is said,
' the disposition of the southern islandi
rlcan sovereignty. These
i people have heretofore made offers to
. but have coupled them with
■»vision that the United States
should relinquish Its right if Aguinaldo
: be successful In Luzon.
— —
Hnes.se.— She aid not poison her hus
band, although he was 73 years old while
she was- but IS. She was far too clever
for that, Instead she kissed his brow,
and asked him if he would not. for her
sake, try to live to be 100. Of course he
could not refuse. The effort to live to
be 100 was, at his advanced age, neces
sarily fatal, and the young- wife came
at once into all his property. —
Journal. : :*. • -
WEDDED UNDER
FLORAL CANOPY
MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM CECIL GRETTER.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 30.— 1n picturesque St. Mary's-by-the-Sea one of the
It weddings this city has ever known took place to-night. Miss Ger
trude P.lrh, only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Edwin 13. Rich of this city, was
married to William Cecil Gretter of Salinas, the day being chosen because
It is the twenty-fifth anniversary of the marriage of the bride's parents.
Promptly at S:3O the bridal party enterf-d the church to the strains of
the Mend ■ Uding march, played by C. K. Tuttle. The pages,. Thompson
■ ; ... U Gowan, entered first to open the floral gates, and were followed by
the 1 meß Harper of Pacific Grove and George Eardley of Butte,.Mont.
After the ushers came the bride, alone, wearing an elegant gown of mousseline
and lace over s-ilk, and carrying white sweet peas. She was followed by ncr
mother, as matron of honor, on the arm of her father, and was met at the chan
-1 • I steps by the bridegroom and his best irmn, Russell Mills of Sacramento. Stand
ir.t.' under a chime of floral bells, the young couple were joined "for better, for
worse," by Rev. Hobart Chetwood, rector of the church. The church was beau
tifully decorated with duchesse roses and ferns, and a notable assembly of guests
was In attendance.
The bride Is the only daughter of Marshal E. B. Rich of this city, and belongs
to a line old Boston family. Mr. and Mrs. Rich were married in Boston twenty
ftve years ago. and came to California about twelve years ago. For the past
eleven years Mr. Rich has held official position in this municipality.
Mr. Gretter is a Californlan. but of Southern parentage. He graduated from
the Chicago University in,lS96. and was one of the three Callfornlans who re
ceived the honor of membership In the Beta Chapter of the Phi Chi fraternity.
He is now ono of the leading druggists of Salinas.
A reception at the home of the bride's parents followed the ceremony.
Mr. and Mrs. Gretter leave to-morrow morning for a two weeks' wedding Jour
ney, fitter, v,;b.lch. . they. will rgside in Salinas, •> V*:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
CARTER'S SENTENCE
HAS BEEN APPROVED
OBERLIN M. CARTER, EX-CAPTAIN U. S. A.
Captain Oberlin M. Carter,
Engineer Corps, U. S. A., born in
Ohio, graduated at head of class
at West Point.
In charge of harbor improve
ments and fortifications for the
district of Savannah, Ga., until
1897.
Appointed military attache to
United States embassy in Lon
don.
Discovery in 1597 by Captain
Gillette, his successor at Savan
nah, of enormous discrepancies
in accounts and gross frauds in
the quality of harbor improve
ment works.
Investigation of Captain Car
ter's accounts by Captain Gil
lette in July and August, 1597.
Captain Carter ordered home
from London, September 2, 1897.
Investigation by a board of
engineer officers, who recom
mended a court-martial, Novem
ber 2<\ 1897.
Court-martial convened at Sa
vannah January 12, 1898.
The charges: Conspiring to
defraud the United States; caus
ing false and fraudulent claims
tn be made against the United
States; conduct unbecoming an
■ flier and gentleman, and,
finally, embezzlement of
$1,600,000.
Found guilty May 12, IS9B, and
sentenced to be cashiered from
the army, imprisoned for five
years and fined 510,000.
Record of trial sent to Presi
dent McKinley July 15. IS9S. for
approval, but held up on account
of the influence of leading Sena
tors and politicians.
President approved sentence
September 30, 1599, and Captain
Carter was arrested in New
York and placed in close confine
ment on Governors Island,
being destined later for the
Federal penitentiary at Fort
Leavenworth, Kans.
WASHINGTON, Sopt. SO.— President
McKlnley has approved the sentence Im
posed by court-martial on Captain Ober
lln M. Carter, Corps of Engineers, Unite!
States Army, and a formal order was to
day issued from the War Department
directing the execution of the sentence.
The verdict of the court was as follows.
And the court does therefore sentence the ac
cused. Captain Oberlin M. Carter, Corps of En-
Kinerrs, T"nlted States Army, to be dismissed
!•• m th? pervire of the t'nlted States, to suffer
a fine of $10,000, to be confined .'it hard labnr
at such place as the proper authority may
direct for five years, and the crime, punish
ment, name and place of abode of the accused
to be published in the newspapers in and about
the station and the State from which the ac
cused came or where he usually resides.
Following is the formal approval of the
verdict:
The findings of the court-martial In the mat
ter of foregoing proceedings against Captain
Oberlln M. Carter, Corps of Engineers, United
States Army, are hereby approved as to all
except the following: Charge 2. specifications
7, 8, 9 and 10; charge 3, specifications 3, 4, 5,
6, 7, 9, 11 and £2, which are disapproved.
And the sentence imposed by the court-mar
tial upon the defendant, Oberlln M. Carter, is
hereby approved. ELIHU ROOT,
Secretary of War.
Executive Mansion. Washington, D. C, Sept.
29, 1839.— Approved and confirmed.
WILLIAM McKIN'LEY.
Appended to the orders above Is the
following:
By direction of the Secretary of War, Captain
Oberlin M. Carter. Corps of Engineers, United
States Army, ceases to be an officer of the
army from this date, and the United States
penitentiary, Fort Leavenworth, Kans-., .Is
designated as the place of his confinement,
where he will be sent by the commanding gen
eral. Department- of the East, under proper
guard.
By command of Major General Miles.
H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General.
Charges were preferred against Captain I
Carter by General John M. Wilson, chief I
of engineers, December 13, 1897. These }
charges were made after the Investigation i
by a board of engineers of the river and
harbor works at Savannah, Ga., and other
points in that district which had been
under th.> supervision of Captain Carter.
The charges mainly consisted of a decla
ration that Carter had entered into a con
spiracy with other persons to defraud the
United States. It was alleged in the I
| charges that Carter and certain parties I
had defrauded the United States out of!
from $l,6'»),000 to $2,000,000. The trial of
the charges by a court-martial, over i
which General Otis, now commanding in '
| the Philippines, presided, lasted several
months. The Judge advocate of the court
was Colonel Thomas F. Barr and the court
itself consisted of officers in nearly every
branch of the service and of high rank.
The trial resulted in the verdict and
sentence which were approved to-day.
The case has attained widespread noto
riety on account of the financial and
social connections of Captain Carter. No
such consideration and no such amount of
time has ever been given previously in a
court-martial.
The reference to the Attorney General
is also something unusual, but this ac
tion was taken, it is said, to give the of
ficer every opportunity to prove
his innocence. The charges which are
disproved are of minor importance, and
relate to smaller Items of river and har
bor works, in which it was alleged Cap
tain Carter had defrauded the Govern
ment. The main contentions of the pros
ecution are sustained.
The only matter pending in the War
Department in the Carter case is the
f x BBV # » HmBS *™Gw tiLm Mrs. W. H. Putnam of Denver,
Bk -m^r JeScT Colo., writes: "I have use.i Hud-
' .' ' HBfci ** jtfs yan, and to my ilrllKht aril -Trent
BNHB^t^^iBHK satisfaction it restored me l/>.i>rr-
»"y38ag T R - ■' feet health I had heart
Sfi^P^y^^^Bj&V '" . disease and nervous trouble,
•KSggaJESP^ tii/ ~"*taM»V'Jv " ■ and was Indeed very ill. Had
iSrJir'^ \ .il' \t7??3 been so for three years. I could
ii^t \ \ i\ :> *. I ] f&tsa Fcnrcely get. about. The least ex-
|K^y\ \ \ 'l^\ "S I I mEB t-rtit ? i would make me fet 1 faint
pj \\ ik ' [ B\ r^ / if 8 or dizzy. I could not sleep at
■Bar *\. >^ - -x '\ *** Mil SSj night; suffered headaches. I was
B "Ajft i "1 t k'' \~~^ /'■ '^S ' pc ' > very Irregular in my Blck-
el tki, £* m ,. ii) ' M ness and suffered untold agony.
W -J^~- /« (A -.-v^X / H Thanks to Hudyan I am over all
a •*JB%'*>^ -j^ KA' iti^*^««*v IS niy troubles. My heart beats regu-
H W^^'afck J^^-n.w^v mSBf^ la lariy. I nni strong antl '
W -^^^lV. : '-^w£j3— Off 1 can '!•- •!]>■ own work, have gained
SI -j^ri;«'i^/ r3/^'''. -JyjHHJf*- • J^ ln weight. I heartily recommend
t^ /^^k. vQl//VriBHt**' BBS liudyan to like su^erers. Very
■W 'TW^B^OiiSr JKP >^7 gratefully,
™ V^lJ^^^l^ \ "MhS. W. It. PUTNAM."
s^ HUDYAN is indeed splen-
f^'^S/5-i t<L did for n - lv nervous condi-
' *J tions complicated with or-
BB8 HHIHH panic disturbance? TH'P-
TAN creates robust, strong,
healthy men and women.
HUDYAN cures dull or
.^jBBaaBHHp throbbing pains in hoad
HRHfl '^9 (FIr. 5), pal*\ emaciated or
EKnfllg^HjR^fiBk sallow complfxions (Fie. 4),
•3J. ' ■ j^ choking sensations or heavy
:^~ feel ins in chest (Fig. 1),
■ . weakness or palpitation <>f
l-.f.mt (Fie:. 2), coldness of
rrPSv J^HHteHB^^SBfey extremities (Figr. 3). These
iR-\ X&K. symptoms appear when the
«^?*»t' ; 'j nerves that govern the heart
v aHf^?pQPfrj^ are involved. !t is a dang' r-
Wfc-^»z5Wfl HB96nr \ vrf^ Wi<- ous condition. Remember
.■■,' MS|ggBB|H[BHc^ \ QL3^--> HUDTAN cur<=>s and per-
x||^|^i^fe^m^^^^ H ,£ V ' The symptoms of nervous
MJHtBpt 'i f ,L, "y The symptoms of nervous
£*£/' BBP^^ • " \' exhaustion arc many and
S%$m^%&^£«&3T ''^ x "** lA\* \-7 varied. Tremblings, dots
ft N \ before the eyes, hollow eyes,
r~~t+^?'-* v^' dark rings under eyes, pain
l > B — ' In back, dizziness, tendency
'£% to faint, sleeplessness, hor-
■flB -^& rid dreams, a fear of im-
yBjtr*" pending evH, despondency,
all-gone, tired feeling, lack
HUDYAN-50C. ALL DRUGGISTS. Z°r7e
centers are weak. HUDYAN relieves one and all the above symptoms. .
Nervous conditions in women, • complicated with painful or irregular
periods, chronic inflammations and ulceratlons of -the womb and its ap-
pendages, are promptly cured by HUDYAN. HUDYAN brings back,
rosy cheeks and clear complexions. ■ • - '
HUDYAN is for men and women and Is within the reach of all.
apt IllinU &1 from your druggist, 50c a package, six packages
lir I Hiltlla&y for 5250. If he does not keep it send, direct to
Mb I IIUU I rill HUDYAN REMEDY CO., corner Stockton, Ellis
and Market sts., San Francisco, Calif. '-.;.. ' .'
■ Men— Women — Consult Hudyan Doctors about your
case free of charge. Call or write. '
The many rare attractions throughout our various departments on exhibition to-morrow are this season's choicest and prettiest creations.
NEWEST STYLES * FALL DRESS GOODS
' We will offer to-morrow the most magnificent assortment of dress fabrics, Including a grand collection of the swellest reversible
Plaids bo much in demand for Golf Suits, Capes and Skirts.
Great leaders In Tailor Suitings from the noted English and | Dl k(\V Cjj V 90 C 'A L
French makers: rich, lustrous goods in the most desirable qual- ULnUI\ UIS-iV Ul uvini-vi
Itles at special prices. If you need any Black Taffeta Silk, a quality most reliable
52-inch New Venetian All-Wool Suitings, with gjh. 4 fS f\ and of a high finish, call to-morrow, A better opportunity doea
• a high satin finish, in the leading fall *fo #,£3 KJ not present itself often to secure such silks at the following low
shades. On sale at.. : Yard **S^ * prices (but for Monday only):
60-Inch Ail-Wool Poplin Suitings, shrunk and sponged (skirts ■ 3000 yards 24-inch Black Taffeta Silk, a good £% £"* -_
can be made up without lining), *9* 4 OPZ wearing quality, always sold at $100. < 'n g^% r_~» ff 1
in the latest colorings. On sale at «Hl 1^ J sale at Yard "-^
Tard "** M 4000 yards 27-inch Black Taffeta Silk of a very g~ V £**
48-inch Evora Cloth (the latest weave), granite ground, -with fl ne , lustrous finish; every yard worth SI 25. Vjf'jr
small satin figures of same color in 1 &Z On sale at Yard *"«^ -^
shades of tan, brown, green and navy. jFx a' "* *•*  i_... ™i— ■■■ 1-
-54-inch P«in^Vei»ttfiVß^dcl6th^Bhruhk and sponged .an ex- SAMPLE SILK WAISTS 55.95 E3Ch,
ceptlonally high-grade quality for swell rf> +~* *~> PZ OHIIII OIL^ VTHIOIO, QOiO\> L.BUM,
tailoring. in the newest fall colorings. *jffi «& <^ ' Made to sell for $S "0. $10 CO and $12 00.
On sale at Yard *>m^ K^ m 245 In all, choice sample waists, representing all the lead-
ing styles en which a well-known silk waist maker took
D! AMI/CTO AWn DCfiniWß his orders for this fall's business. The assortment Includes
DLAlllvtlo ANU DtUUIIIUi every variety— hemstitched, nicked corded, piped and fancy
Ul.r\lll\L.lU mm ut. > Taffeta Silk and Satin Waists in th* leading colors.
Qualities could not be better nor prices lower. Including black. Your choice of the entire lot $5 !>."> each.
150 dozen 3-Inch hem. hemstitched Pillow Cases, -g ■**£ / _^ " '
size 45x36. Special at Each /£& 2 W T^,,, latest Flannel Shirt Waists, trimmed with plain and fancy
Bed-Sheets'made-of-ihe-best-.uallty Muslin. ready for use. braid ,"» \£g SihSSawU 52.50
Size. Hemmed. Hemstitched. fall o]or On sale at Each *"""
S*?J '■■■r!nc c ."■:::::::::::."::<5r»c C Ladles' Eiderdown Dressing Sacques in pink, m^ gm £\
i? 522- • vIS. <»7V4c blue, red' and gray, sizes 34 to 44. Regular S Zj^>+
H^l :;; 82^::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:t2ho pnee. hm. onsaieat Each * *-*"
I>o'x99.'. '.'.'.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'.'.'..~Hc. SOc ■—
ligßll^iiii 1 si>!sigis^^=^
NEW PERCALES AT HALF PRICE. Ladies' Flannelette Night Dresses made of an «traquallty
Bought for less than half actual value A manufacturer's labile l sizes'! For Bt t£morVow P at o^s^
entire accumulation o£ "Mill Ends"; over 1000 pieces to choose a° d blue - au s ..,;....*... Each >-'*«-^%^
from,' measuring from 10 to 12 yards each; the very best 124 c
quality; this season's latest patterns and designs. 64C c RIBBON DEPARTMENT.
?n light, medium and dark effects, and »-arrante Q ' Q RIBBON DEPARTMtNTi
ANOTHER GREAT GLOVE EVENT-THE BEST $1.50 GLOVE FOR 95c A PAIR.
Onr ohenomenal Glove Sale held several weeks ago will be repeated to-morrow. These gloves _^
have been proclaimed to I* the best (1 50 • gloves ever retailed in San Francisco. Our fortunate £> EZ
purchase of P these high-grade Ladies' Real French Gloves enables us to . offer < them .»*...^..f.V?^ 5^ -^J C
dlnar ?no l Tozen C will be placed on sale to-morrow. They are this season's manufacture, In three-clasp fasteners, with hand-
ome one and three row self and contrasting embroidered backs, In the new fall shades, In all sizes.
EVERY PAIR FITTED AND GUARANTEED.
proposition to annul the contracts which
Carter mafic for river and harbor work.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— Captain Oberlin
M. Carter, who has been convicted by
court-martial of defrauding the Govern
ment was arrested In the New York Ath
letic Club this morning by Assistant Ad
■ ; General Simpson, U. S. A., who
• fr"Mi Washington for the purpose
under instructions of the Secretary of
War. Captain Carter is now a prisoner
in Castle William, Governor's Island.
General Merritt, commander of the Dp
partment of the Bast, received a telegram
this morning informing him that an oillcer
was in New York for the purpose of ar
resting Captain Carter. The telegram
stated that the officer had been instructed
i,. report to him. At 10 o'clock Major
Simpson reached Governor's Island with
his prisoner. General Merritt had then
left for the purpose of participating in the
military parade. Colonel Barbour, as
sistant adjutant general, received the
prisoner in behalf of General Merritt and
then turned him over to Captain B, K.
Roberts, commander of the post. Captain
Roberts said to-night:
"Captain Carter is securely locked up In
a cell alone, under guard. Every precaution
will be taken that he does not escape, but
he will be treated with all respect as a
prisoner. He was nervous and very much
affected when he arrived here and said
that his arrest had been a great surprise
to him. He will remain in Castle William
until further orders from Washington are
received and will then be taken to Fort
Leavenworth. Kas., where he will serve
his sentence."
Captain Roberts believes that Carter
will be taken West about next Wednes
day. In the meantime the only visitors
that will be permitted to see him will be
members of his family and counsel and
then only in the presence of the com
mandant of the post or his lieutenant,
who is officer of the prison.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CENTENARIAN DIES
IN MARYSVILLE
MARYSVILLE, Sept. 30.— Mrs. Percilla Nelson, a colored woman, who
claimed to be 130 years of agre, died at the home of her son, Nathaniel Nel
son, this afternoon. According to the family records. Mrs. Nelson was born
in Cocke County, Tennessee, in 1769.
She crossed the plains in 1549 and settled In San Joaquin County, where she
resiiiid twenty years before coming to Marysville. Mrs. Churchill of this
city is a daughter of the deceased and there are numerous grandchildren.
Mrs. Nelson used tobacco all her life, and up to a few years ago could
thread a needle without the aid of spectacles. "While many say that she
did not reach the ripe age she claimed, there Is every reason to believe that
she had passed the century mark by ten or a dozen years.
GEOGRAPHERS
WELL RECEIVED
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Sept. 30.— The opening of
the International Geographical Con
gress Wednesday was a brilliant affair.
: The sessions hall of the Prussian House
iof Delegates was suitably decorated
and thronged with distinguished cos
mopolitans numbering 1300, including
the Prince Regent of Brunswick, Prince
Herman of Saxe-Weimar and Princess
Therese of Bavaria, who conversed with
| Count yon Goetzen. well known in
i America, about his paper on the latest
1 discoveries regarding the headwaters of
the Nile. The representatives of the
'■ German Government included the aged
< hancellor, Prince Hohenlohe. The
United States Embassador, Andrew D.
White; Professor Davis of Harvard,
Professor Boise of New York, Professor
Brynat of Philadelphia, Mrs. Watson
of Boston and Arthur C. Jackson of
' Seattle were among the Americans
present.
Next week's papers include Poultney
Bigelow on "Colonial Administration
in Various Parts of the World"; Pro
fessor Boas on "The Jesup North Pa
cific Expedition"; Miss Luella Agnes
Owen of St. Joseph, Mo., on "Blul'fs of
I the Missouri River," and Professor Da
vis on "Land Forms Due to Glacial
Erosion." Of especial Interest will be
Professor Ratzelo's paper on "The Ori
gin and Spread of Indo and German,"
on Tuesday.
The press has cordially welcomed the
congress' members, and much social at
tention has been shown them. Besides
j Prince Hohenlohe's dinner of Thursday
j there was a special performance in
I honor of the Congress at Urania yester
' day, and the city gave a big fete at the
Zoological Garden this evening, which
place was brilliantly illuminated with
SSOO electric lights. About 1500 persons
sat down to the banquet, which was
served at sixty-four tables, each pre
sided over by a member of the Munici
pal Council. The big orchestras and ;t
military band furnished the music. To
morrow there will be two excui
and Monday and Tuesday there will be
special performances, a concert and a
ball at the Kaiserhof and a gala per
formance of "The Meisterpinger" at the
opera. Wednesday the president of the
congress, Baron yon Richthofen. wiil
give a big entertainment, and Mr.
White will give. a luncheon to a number
of the delegates. The Emperor, if he is
back p.t Potdda'm in time, intends t > re
ceive the more distinguished delegates,
but this is uncertain.
The em-respondent here of the Associ
ated Press has had an interview with
Dr. Xansen regarding the probable out
come of the present polar expedition
and those planned. He said they would
doubtless increase the sum of human
knowledge, but he did not believe the
poles would be reached in the present
state of human capacity, eauipment and
technical means, all of which are wholly
imperfect. Dr. Nansen added that the
poles 'will probably not be reached even
if international co-ope.ra.tion is practi
cally and systematic? lly carried out,
as may be one of the results of the
present congress. He was asked if he
would go on another polar enterprise,
and he threw up his hands and, laugh
ing, shouted "No." Then he added,
musingly, in his peculiar English: "Un
less special circumstances arise."
ATTORNEY BLAIR SAYS
IT IS AN OUTRAGE
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.— Attorney Frank P.
Blair, who assisted in defending Captain
Carter, was visibly affected as he read
the Washington dispatch announcing' that
President McKinley had approved the
findings of the court-martial. Hi
claimed: "It's an outrage. It is equal to
the Jjreyfus case. This is the lirst inti
mation 1 have had of the approval vi" the
President. The case is now beyond legal
intervention, as the verdict stands and
cannot be changed.
"My opinion of the matter never has
changed, and I think never will. It w.is
a conspiracy. The court-martial willfully
and flagrantly disobeyed the law. Tes
timony which should never have been ad
mitted was accepted, and that which was
clearly entitled to be brought in was a
eluded. Captain Carter was convict
: perjured testimony, as the defense clearly
I proved. Dreyfus was condemned on
say. Wherein lies the difference? The
principal witness for the prosecution was
1 easily caught in the cross-examin;
and yet he was allowed to go on, and ><n
his testimony alone Captain Carter was
! condemned. This injustice to an innocent
I man shows that the court-martial is m-
I terly unfit to grapple with the questions
j involved in a case of this kind. In my
'•■ estimation a majority of the members ot
I the court-martial \v< re honest in th
' lief of Carter's euilt. They were induced
to find the captain guilty in the main be
! cause of the perjured testimony of the
j Government witnesses."
Dependable Drugs
Not
Color but
Quality
A crow will n<?ver grow white bl-
eating camphor and white lilies.
Yellow paint never made a depend-
able drugstore
To be the largest drugstore among
several hundred is a matter of purity
drugs, experienced clerks and prices
that don't overcharge.
The Owl and ITS yellow — depena-
able.
Yellow without the Owl — only im-
it.ition and deceit.
Packer's Tar Soap 20c
Syrup of Figs 35c
Cuticura Salve 40c
William's Shaving Sticks 20c
Allcock's Porous Plasters 15c
Barclay's Periodical Pills $2
Peruna 85c
Extract of Witch Haze! pint 25c
Allen's Female Restorer 70c
Pierces Medical Discovery 75c
Pierces Prescription 7 c c
Carter's Liver Pills 15c
Scott's Emulsion js c
Obesity Goods
We are the Pacific Coast agents for
•Dr. hdison's obesity goods— pill'-
salts and bands. Write for 8 page
circular. 6
fH2B Market St.,S. F"
TEL. SOUTH 386
10th *BRO»DWAY(t«I. „■>,,« 3 ,.)cu KUtNOTHE GERMANS
COVET SAMOA
Agitation Started by
Many Papers.
laled Press.
BERLIN. Sept. 30.— The papers devoted I
much intention this w( '-k to Samoa, j
Curiously enoujrh, a general agitation has [
boon started in nearly til the leading pa
pers, irrespective of party, In favor of
Gormnns obtaining 1 larger rierht? in Samoa
than thof>e granted i her by the conven
tion of ISS9 or by the report of the Hijrli
Coinmlsplon. Some of the extreme papers, j
like the Deutsche Tages Zoitung and the
Deutsche Zel tuner, strongly advocate as a ;
definite solution of tlie question that Ger
many obtain sole cov.trol of the islands,
while the Liberal papers, like the Cologne
Gnzette and Vosslcho Zeitunp, fa.vor the i
partition of the Islands. Great . Britain and
the United States each petting a coaling
station. Some of ttui papers say frankly
that Germany now has a splendid oppor
tunity to work her will In Samoa, .as
UreiU rtrltaln will be busy for some time
to come with the Transvaal and the
United States with tlie Philippines. Even
usually well-informed." papers like the
liok:U Anzeiger describe the present state
of things as. untenable and claim that
Greut Britain and the United States are j
on the point of making 1 a new move satis
factory to Germany and an arrangement I
regarding the inlands. In view of this j
condition of things, a fact specially In
teresting Is that .Mr. White during the
week had a lung conference at the For
eign Offlce with Under Secretary of State
Kichthofen. The latter expressed hlm
pelf very differently from the press, as
above quoted. Asked by the correspond
ent of the Associated Press regarding the :
Fiibject. Mr. White aid that »o far a*
was known here, both at the Foreign
Ofiiee and at the embassy; the arrange- |
ment arrived at by the commission is
satisfactory to all parties and is working
well. No negotiation's are going on here
with reference to a partition of the |
islands or any change of any sort. He
added that while 'former representa
tives of the three powers in the island hud ;
apparently fallen Into unpleasant political
and perhaps personal relations, the pres
ent representatives were getting along : :
harmoniously and there was no reason to !
anticipate any difficulty. It will be no
ticed that «h!s authoritative statement
flatly contradicts th*» entire German press.
There are rumors of a new Cabinet
crisis. The prediction that either Prince I
Hohenlohe or Dr. Miquel. or both, will j
have to go is characterized by the semi- j
official Berliner Correspondenz as based
on air.
Tlv correspondent of the Associated
Press hears authoritatively that the
Emperor earnestly desires to retain the
existing' Cabinet and to re-establish the :
old relations with the Conservatives, al
though he deems it absolutely necessary
to reorganize the corps of political and
Government officials, so far as those who
are in a position to sway and influence
opinion so that they may form a veritable
bulwark for th Government on all im
portant occasions. The correspondent
also hears from the same source that
the Emperor has not Riven up the an
of passing the canal bill, but intend to
modify it so as to render the measure
more palatable to the Agrarians of the
eastern provinces by providing- adequate
compensations in the shape of large ap
propriations for regulating- and Improv
ing the Vistula, Oder. Havel and Spree.
These appropriations figure up to some
fifty million marks. The Agrarian news
papers In the meantime declare that until
they see definite plans for really adequate
compensation for Eastern Prussia they
will remain against the canal bill.
The Associated Press correspondent
hears on good authority that a powerful
company, composed of French, German
and Russian capitalists, with a capital of
over J."O.CHH),OQO, has been formed for the
I purpose of competing with the American
pork importers in Europe, particularly in
Germany Jind Scandinavia. The plan Is
to raise hogs on a large scale in Siberia.
It is claimed that this can be •no cheaper
than in the Unit States. The hogs will
be shipped ally over the Siberian rail
way to the northwestern frontier of Rus
sia [ wh^rr- immense slaughter houses on |
the American plan will be established.
The pork'wlll be sent by water to English
ports and by rail to Germany and Scandi
navia.' In spite of the enormous distance,
it is asserted that such Siberian pork can
be. brought to Europe cheaper than Amer
ican pork. This, it la pointed out, is due
to the low. cost of production in Siberia
and the cheapness of transportation on
the railroads.
Professor Stiles, the scientific attache
of the' United States Embassy here, re
cently discovered evidence that several
large Antwerp rums did an immense busi
ness in. diseased beef and pork which was
put in American packages Illegally ob- j
tamed., thus giving them an Am<-rican.
brand. The professor is now traveling In j
Switzerland. Germany and Denmark in i
order to complete the chain of evidence
for the purpose of prosecuting these firms.
The long deferred trial if the Club der
Harmlosen case begins Monday and will
probably last a week If It is not adjourned.
It will cause quite a sensation, as the
witnesses and defendants nearly ali be
long to the aristocracy, there being forty
counts, barons and princes and as many
army officers among them. Three of the
principal defen&antsJare Herr Hans yon
Kroescher, nephew of • he President of fht;
Diet; Herr Paul yon Bcheartmi and
Herr Kruno yon Kaiser, who is a Gov
ernment official. The worst offender, a
professional gambW named Wolff, has
disappeared.
— —
DEWEY IS WHITNEY'S
CHOICE FOR PRESIDENT
NEW YORK. Sept. SO.— The World to
morrow will print an Interview with Wil
liam C. Whitney on the availability of
miral Dewey as a Presidential candl
te.
I am convinced," said Mr. Whitney,
iat his selection as Presidential nornl
> would be something very much larger
1 better at this particular time than a
-ty victory. It would be a patriotic re
lon around ■he one man who typifies
• new era and Is best fitted by his
iraotor an experience to preside over
development. Dewey gave us the Phll
ines.
"H*> understands thesituation a. c no other
n dops. The people would trust him to
ii with 11 more completely than they
uld any other man. They would rather
i lihn at the helm, directing the policy
tho i vernment in its new possessions,
in any other mar.. They know that he
lays has done the right thing and they
uld feel «ur<: that he always would do
• rlcrht thing.
It If. only at long intervals and on ?»pe
-1 occasions that providence presents a
r; in whom the whole people have, this
rjue^tioning and perfect trust. That
> ye us ■ uch a man in Washington, It
i vq us .another in Jackson. It, gave us
other In Grant. Now it has given us
uewey." ■
BRIEF OF STANDARD
OIL COMPANY FILED
COLUMBUS. Sept. 30.— Standard !
Oil Company to-day filed Its brief in the I
contempt case now pending In the Su
preme Court. It claims that in pursuance
of th( order of the court, entered March ]
2, 1892, it had a meeting of its stockhold- j
ers and that a large number of lrdi
vlduals surrendered their trust certificates
in exchange for Ftock In the defendant
company, those who have not done so
being excluded from the management of
thp corporation and no dividends having
been paid them. The defendant stock-
holders are not parties to any trust agree- !
ment, nor have they become such since
the decision of the court. The right of
tlse stockholders, as individuals, to hold
stock In other companies, Is insisted upon.
nn<l the Standard Company demands to
be treated In the hearing of the contempt
case as if there were no other companies
engaged in the oil business.
YON DIEDEICHS THANKED.
BERLIN, Sept. 20.— Special 'dispatches
to-night say the Emperor, before inspect
ing the u«-w Ironclad Kai.serin, at Dant-
Blc,' congratulated the 'Tew because of
their behavior before Klaochau, adding
thnt his F l )eclal thanks were also duo to
Admiral yon Diedrichs for his attitude at
Mai ■
THE EMPORIUM. |
j , : . . Al. Hazard, the amusing ventriloquist, has been re-engaged for the coming week, and will appear . ■■■ J
» in our Exhibition Hall daily from 10 to 12 a. m. and 2 'to 5 p. m. in an entirely new repertoire. *
I i===: T ====^Z^ Z==^ =======^CALIFORtIIJ^b LAPOE^T- AMERICAS ■%
I Hosiery— Underwear. To-morrow begins the third year's business of the big store under the man- OomesfiC Deparfm'tS. *
I The new department in the second section at left agement of the Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar. That this immense modern . High qualitieB are invaria £; maintained in our |
{of main entrance is the largest on the Coast, de- Store has been a benefit and a blessing to the majority of the people of this city Household Goods section. No "seconds" find shelf J
ifr voted exclusively to Hosiery and Knit Underwear. and the coast generally is a fact beyond all dispute. Your dollars so further to-day in the purchase of room there, if lower prices than ours are quoted elsewhere, «
* The larir« assortments carried make it certain that you can „., . --., /  , , ...  , v. .. _ r , _. . look to tie quality. These are half a dozer, articles in active ♦
* pet -kind that you want, and the prices are ai low as pos- all things for the home and personal use than ever before in the -history .of the State. Our endeavor : demand just now. *
j£ sible for the quantities that we s?li. during the business year, beginning Monday, will be to still further decrease the cost of the necessities Eiderdown Comforters— French Sateen covered,
_—-=?i ' Ladies' imported Herni9dorf black real , °, :', * . „ . :,- ■ ' . , . . ,  , . , ' < fu'i stan-iird «>-, an extra value, each $4.50 «
I -j^s^^n Maco Cotton Hose, the "Vie or? brand, of life to the consumer ;to still further perfect our store service ;to add even more comforts and con- Cotton Comforters-Covered with handsomrsateen, «
* v^lc^*! made of .a. carefully selected Maoo yam, veniences for Our patrons and employes — in fact, to make this the most pleasant and profitable of place 3 fancy quiltea, plentifully filled with superior white cotton, *
*!• \ -S| \ IStfiSb W^rS'^ 2* «■ which to d » r r , trading Compare °" Ann,vena,v prices wM " me you lotmer " paui for the same sS^ tt^^z^-^m-;=-^;^;:S^X ;
* \j^C>V article that u> sell means that it's classes of merchandise and form your own conclusions. , no dressing, a superior wearins quality, yard S6o 1
1 a \T£^<£j*'s\ best of its kind that canto made; ym iihib^i JP^4^)^&/ff* SFPlffia'fi^ !£?'€& Thp inWPSt that Table Damask— Fine Irish, bleached", pure flax, 69 inches *
t (vC^^-v will Had tnese Stockings, an eic-p- 1 jdrfSr^**^^ §% {Uj%J?it* &€ M L t &*€§ *&&£&%& SM IOWeSI UldL wide, a ver.- gocd value, v-rd BOc «
♦ \\L^<\ ' .tional value at the price p= r pair sfW^r ' have " ever been . Eiderdown Flannels— woven effects, camels' *
, A ■Xc'.'s'P' \ k • 25c J^i^S^s ' =: >^g.^s <7^^ V ■■■■■■'■■■'■ —I '" II>B ' II " I— I^ MI^ . ™- , hair designs, also plain colors, width 25 inches, full assort- ♦
* \(V \ children's Heavy Wool /&2£[ M^^ o^^ '^ quoted to the retail trade in San Francisco. .: Take your ment. yard 250 «
♦ N> «> / \\ \^_ ,___^^ Hose, 2xl, ribbed, me- fj^^S J^^^Wsswgiw**^ Grocery Catalogues, make comparison and be convinced. These goods Linen Dinner Beautifully hemstitched, pure *
I . : X y s - h r to "' iH tfss®Wr (and all of our Groceries, for that matter) are the very best that ; iDen f™% '* iU > , 831 ? plea fro^ the ' oom ; in u , stria ' £& ?
\ / sizes o to y , . i;er HPO 1 ! JyLj^.'CexiJ' BK?3^J r m, «.■,- , „, j.  . V , j , from 2to 3j^ yards long, with napkins to match, one set of «
* ■; ; \. /^ pair on y 25c . V^Q [fl'?;^^/ [1851 money can buy. The Victory" brand means full weight and best a kin! at specially marked prices to ciose the line, sets «
* : \^X , Ladies' fast back yfajgiUiteuiax&sL* ■ j^^vi quality whenever it appears on a product that we sell. For example, . from $6.00 to $10.00 <*
* Hose merino heels and toes— wool ££ I>2mbB ' -* 0 ' 1 J^ '"Victory" Butter is the best that can be made, put up in full weight — J
J pair.'. : ° 3e ' mnl y ° 25c - *&^ 2-lb. squares ; "Victory" Tomatoes are the best of the season* crop, |S#ifii/iQ Ht*ZmtiMtaZmftc*f3* ♦
§ Children's f-st back lxi ribbed list* thread .Stockin^V.'Frencn solidly packed, and so on. Direct^Grocery Telephone, South 59. %aßm%Pw** «lc;ai#B|M«ff m-WSm 9. «
*£ , hßels nd toes, sizes 5 to9^ ; per pair.... 25C Sugar— Fine Dry G-anulated Rolled Oats— Eastern Olive Oil- Imported .';. Perhaps rrore correctly speaking, headquarters for Real 2
fr Ladies Australian Lambs Wool Vests an i Pants, made- of a 2O lbs for $1.00 tO lbs. for 250 1-ga'. cms 51.70, «-gal. cans QOd French Kid Glov OS at the lowest possible prices fo«" J"
|| yry soft mat-, rial, and- patent finished seam?, siz3S 28 to Maple Syrup, 'Log Cabin."— Gii. Beans— Small whit pea, Barou or Beef Extract Rex brand the raal artic c, fall stocks now complete. . J
% T *!j I'r P f 1 ."V'K,'"'n-'"r"V : 75C $1.06, V.. r:i!. SSO, Xgn\...33c pink 10 lbs. for 26-3 2-oz. 290, 4.0z. 53O 9 Boz. $1.05 :' Ladies' 2-c asp Kid Gloves, the fall shales of reds, blues. 2
banes Unshrinkable v,ocl Mixei Vests and Pants, vest- hi? h Sardines— Albert Roche imports •, RiCO— Fancy Japan, white and c "an ff*~mamm***Jl >P*^*»*Jie» • green-", browns, tans and modes, also black and white, every «y
neck, long b eeves— pants full weight, with French bands. y#— per tin \...70 .' 11 lbs. for SJO «#»fIO©«» CffOCMf&a pair fitted and guaranteed $1.00 *
$, n-tural color only— extraordinary gooi quality for the Sardines— D.&G. imoorted, Wo Soap— Babbitt"- best.. .7 for iiSo OOM— First quality Western, can Ladies' 2-claso Real Kid Gloves, "The Premiere," reds, b ues, V
t price; pergarm9nt 50c Ftour — Emporium, Sperry** Golden Soap — floating, lOoz. bar3.6>i'c '.... 7^-C greens, brown-, tans, modes, also black and white, every pair V
» Ladies one-ha f wool Union Suits, buttoned down in front. Gate, Drifted Snow or Po:tC>st* Sapollo— Per cake So Sweet Gorn— Fancy Maine, ntne fitted and guaranteed $1.25 *
|» natural coor only, an excellent garment ; Fuit $1.00 bbl. $3.50, sack 90c Gocoa- Ghirardell 'i, Ha 200 better, ca- .' We Ladies' 2-clasp Real Mocha Gloves, browns, tans, mode* and J
* Lad es heavy flaece lined Union Suits, the Oneita style, but- Corn Meal— Yellow or wh-te Cocoa— G.iirardelliV, Is 38c - c UCCOtstsh -Fancy M line, can./Oo reindeer gray, every pair fitted and guaranteed $1.50 2
|J toned across shoulders, color ecru and natural gray, should :....IO lbs for 17c Gocoa— Royal Dutch, Its 35c Tomatoes -Eiy wauls, gallon cans " «
I be at least 50c, our nee for suit 40c Oat Meal 1O lbs. tor 3Bc Cocoa-Royal Dutch, Is 7OC ' ." 200 __^_ r __ MM- " A ♦
»We are sole agents in this city for the celebrated Hominy tO lbs. for 25a Coioi— Ilouten'?, Hi 4Oc French Peas— The imported "M -ff&^ff^pw iWliiit^fUre *
* " Sluitcrarter " Underwear for men w^men 7,-/ Wheat Flour— -Wno'e Cocoa— Van Houten's. Is 75c Fin.-".: '. 13c Mi ' \sm ___ . 2!
1 children l^tetelo^^s*H%%Hn^ 10 lbs. for 25c Chocolate- GhirarddliV, ground. Imported Vegetables - .' 'MM " PHotOSm t
I* children. Catalogues free on application. Graham Flour Mb. tins 250 jar., each „. : . 35c % <fc M m—W§U**J9m «
J — tO .bs. for 2Qo Chocolate — Ghirardelli'?, ground, McrSadetla % <** m The fad of the year, size of a «
- Here's a Liffle Things. Wheat— Cream Breakfast o«U^:^-s=iS !*s lOC, 's 20rt, Is 3ffc I V-i" iN 1 . nn=!lacrp <?tamr> nerfert Trctures «
*It is prices like these that is§Higs. De- *>"-~™- **•*- «<■■■■»* ""■'■ «*°- «" ™» law TeivSne do Foie G%as-i |* |% I t JaT^\ZTuJ Tntf' I
'♦ t* • ri—inr«« fw v v • eermea-4-lb. P ack a <, P s*or....#7c rott!** «©, *mali bottles 2*o jars for 55c Ai ; & handsomely finished and mount- J
J It is prices like these that crowd the Notion De- — -— ; m ed on pretty card mounts, four *
* partments every day of the year. There is more GSdHtirGil S ShOCSm i J;£?ok different positions if you want. ♦
♦ than one article in this list that you need to-day ; buy frjm ' ' w ■■»»•■» -«- . v .^w^ :"• M W^^T%\ 25 with mounts for 2
* these lots and save money : " We would like to tell you about all of the shoes in this remodeled, newly stocked, up-to-date shoe m '^Vy. '^\ %tsg* ■ 7!
Tiger Fast Black Darning Cotton, card c department of ours, but it is the boys' and girls' shoes that have to be renewed oftenest, so we will devote NLj3&l\ \\ * OCm , „ . «
J o'uHin^JKTtls!S?rJiSs"*»«T»i- >?S the s " ace to - da >' to thera - Tlme " re - Jllu " '"" '° bJ li " pllcat " i els ™ lme - i^^#» noor o ZT GaUen> - Secmd I
'» OuboPlK*, larcesi-e; rach 5© r~ifl Childn-n's Imperial. Kid But- ■ Children's Nubia Kid . _^J% „ * M * a %^ !^ . floor, jrom. ■
♦ Corset Steels, covered with drill ; pair...'.!*.!!.'" 5c V\° I ton Shoes, new opera toes, — |j Lace Shoe?, Engl-sh Boys' Satin Calf Lace " V rr^ s " — — *
♦ Gennii.e English Pins, all sizes ; paper ..."'. 5 G li* with Dongola kid tips, V^S?! toes > patent leather Shoes, new Savoy toes /• Prepare Daimw fMf*%*2i4&+Z*m+ *
i* Mayflover Pins be-t made ; ask for sample '5c I % \ sewed flexible soles, spring I tips, turned sewed and tips, sew id so es, /*; \ Now tor #»«f»*ly W W *S&BM %SM^m *
I |E^sSi3S= 2 !I $i s-ss'9 Nf\ 5 2 ;S£.uu #^ tt^^t^ffi 11 ?? i
ft ShOO Laces, 2 pairs f0r.... .... „ 5? 2 00 sizes IUo W^4t a V reS 2, for.. 33 . /^ / pensive Umbrella, you can .depend upon its being a go-, das |
* En..- s-M--: u-bar^ef-s; each::::::..:.:::::: SS : N^<4^ 2, (0r...5J,65 ■ .".;..'. .! si© $l-07,^;z^4 * / <\J canb! ra;defor the price. Here are two especially good _ «
* Safety Pins, 7> ; one piece ; dozen,... :::::::::::^P Children's Dongola Kiel But- Boys' FineCalf Lac^Shoes, "' b^,ior $1.4-7 C^.J&^ H^ • vV.ues: 3
* K^l4^S^dr^r ::::::: i| S Children, Pon,C. KM 8., MMMtat «,. rf E «r. fteWU |j^ "S^^ SSJtJBSSJ'a STS S J
*°d * l o#«fO Combs, r n<v l h-avy ones . pair 25c _^^? ton and Lace -hoes, c "th modified - bulldog to*.-3 FT^T Lice and Button Shoes. L§F7 ir,-.b P <; S2 5O *
I l^^l°&oS^^lr^''' S^ B^ : S l n' 0 fC¥ ">a Wd tops; new coin and tips, aewedwett jf up -to-J.t. to- with viol M uffuri^""^'^^'iS^"SS "at^lwSi *
% Battenbere Braids: piece 25r» Ifln^'rflc« T'S* ra^** r We sell sizes ?*"%s*?-^ X equaled at the price, . g r . t gives out, also holds the rubber S3curaly on •, the bopS .*•
ft Batlenberg Patterns t\i'^ ' 3 °° Snd 35 ° 11^ to 2 for -... $1,38 ' Xo ™A ov £a . C=^ . \\; &™> *™ Uto 2, for $?.O7 and p g revent3 {< f rom s ippng at th, bee', all si 7 e5.,...75c f
T ' s« lOc'f^^^'rin^ ■ • : -, „'.*; T . , *£.<so , • Chil iron's High Grade Kil " -— —w" Ladies' Storm Rubbers high bices andfronta. all sizes.. ;47.C .3 :
£ Goo7ou"VtV'i^«iFii/woJsfi/Z-*M ' dCantf 2Oc Children Vici Kid Lace .... • Lace S"ioe?,fancy Testing I^p Men's Mackintoshes— A splendid assortment of;i-
-♦ Shetland Wool- a k"? ' m _--Tea Shoes-fancy dotted eilk -A.^ Eovs' Calf Lace Shoes, new, c oth top?, new coin toes E^gf . W0 : thy Forts, some as low a, $5, the best that a man.can ask •J '
♦ Saxony Wool 3-thrp'ad'sk'in o vesting cloth tops, up-to- *|^>n up-to da.c toe-, and tios, .. patent leither fps; 83W- f^T-'VI for for $20.00. Hera :s one at a moderate price that is '*'"
♦ Span sh Wool, first quality hank #«r C V*-'*'^ da ' C toes wi h P atent I -\\ Hjhtweight sewed soles, 'el . flexible W^f')tA positively rainproof and serviceable : ; . *
& eiehi's First QialtyGe:man Woot'g hank An K*V-^O leather tips, turn- A JL, a neat and durab c shoo: !e5. sp-ing. /r^^-^) It comes in three colors, black, blue and tan, box coat, double- *
% E* : :»T S- 8eW h d . Me "' • (S^" ■■ SZe H 11 /.° 2 ■ hee ; s :^ ran - breasted style, wide velv t collar, aH ,izes $7.50 J-
£ ■ , ir.ogea , eacn.-^^c r^-.l.^^feiv sprm? ho;l3, ex- boi^ reduced t0... teed in every : y%^^fi^>^ . ■ J
? ___»„, ~^~ V^ H'^'^^""*^ tra vaiue> piz -' 5 $1.95 particular: • " . __^ 2
\ A Furniture a. • Si Sd£i^: 581!1'!.....^_s 8 l!l'!.....^_. M . Carpets and Rugs, j
I E£SBi*Bg&l3n. ]siffi\^~~ ' t9 "" " OSc ■ : $2.69 Sizes, ii to 2, for .' $'.65 Extraordinary offerings for this Anniversary ♦
% Just one of many, a two- <^||C^ Welsbßch Lamps 84hC* ' Dinimor Set®, $7.25. week: „ /ph I •>,,,, 2
• 1 -™™ 4? 11 4? , ::;:::^£=* :: i\ ,t. , " • '•—• r -«o'^ V* »^*^-» Tanestry Carpets— Fretty patterns in chaerful color- *
ft acre Show room full of up- U /TfT ft ■ We have secured about 500 • A handsome semi-por- '*** 'il 0 m hall an:! stair widths! 27 inches, inspection will J
; J to-date Furniture. Furniture R It*" H U flfl more genuine Welsbach Lamps,- celain decorated under- show what a great bargain thh carpet is at the special J
» for cottage or mansion, at // Jufl a L| which go on sale to-morrow and ,^s^ ?=5 3! ?J"2X glazed Dinner s»t, light P rice « i "'• ; 'A'"". ...45c
*Ef o:r hiC f U ™ture y su" UW\J\ J^Sl as long as the supply .ast,, com- -JgigQlg^ l--li.-i »p^ *H&.JpHKS*Z .^-l l^ S
ft plain our furniture SU- ft^lfa^^Vi as^vf^V^*^ plete as in picture 84c fp gW^X^^r4£ of colored autumn for the special price, it's worth at least $1.25, per yard... «
ft premacy. Lr^^^^l n : 'M As many peop'o could not be supplied V'^V>"V " JiG^^^^^^ii^ leaves, 105 pieces for • $1.00 *
r This Solid Oak Parlor Table, 8 / \\ {M on the occasion of the sale a few weeks T * 'A^KS^ar^^re 5 -^^^ twelve p»rsons retru (Other Axmimters as low as gocyzrd.) J
% highly polished, COnve- // H \j g ago. we advise an early call if yon "* V^^»^sa B^ u*»Ji»i»^ Smyrna HllffS-500 Reversible Smyrna Rug=^copies of |
>Z7 , f ,,'.., If I ** ,jSW, to secure some of thu lot. 7 ' iany worm !(>IJ.bU set, Oriental and Persian productions, remarkab c blending of £
J • ment sneil DeiOW , special \i^- ll \m Large assortment of Drop Lights at onspecialsale this week co ' ors in toe intricate patterns, sizes 60x30 inche', special X
J for this week only-. lOC \i^- &> low prices. or $7.25 at!....'. $1.25 *
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Army Orders, Pensions Granted and
Increases Therein.
WASHINGTON, Sept 30.— Army, orders:
Private Joseph Schrain,' Company B.
Thirty-fourth Infantry, United States vol
unteers. Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.,
will bo discharged from the service of the
L'nited States by the commanding olfl
cer of his section. Sergeant William 11.
BcllJ Company M, Thirty-fourth Infantry,
ana Private Arthur Fosdyke. Company F,
Thirty-first Infantry, Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal.. having enlisted under
false pretenses, will be discharged with
out - tor from the service of the Unlteo.
States by the commanding officer of their
sections. First Lieutenant Thomas B.
Kirkpatrick Jr.. assistant surgeon. United
States army; now on sick leave of ab
sence at Kun Francisco, Cal., is relieved
from -further duty in* the Department of
the Pacific and Eighth Army Corps and
will proceed to Fort Myer, Virginia.
Pensions— California: Original— Special
September 21. Isaac Ignatius. Benjamin
Barton, Stockton. $12. Additional—Mar
cus II Sigman, Soldiers' Home, Los An
irclee $6 to $8. Renewal— Daniel S. Bur
son, San Andreas, $6. .
Oregon: Additional — W. Han
son, Elkton. $6 to $8. Renewal— Hermann
Bruns. Sandy. $S. '
Washington: Additional— Jacob Coss,
Mountain View. $4 to ?*; Imri J. Scribner,
Chenev $4 to S3. Restoration and reissue
—Ira MeDaniel. dead. Spokane. $30. In
crease—William L. Lewis, Elma. $6 to $S.
Original widows, etc.— Rebecca Bradley,
Lewisvllle, . J8: Bridget McDtiniels, Spo
kane $3. Mexican war survivors (In
crease)—W. Henry G. Starr, Orting. $S
to *12. , ' ,-
Killed in a Mine.
KKBWICK, Sept 80.— Oliver Davia f»>ll
rinwn a chute in the Iron Mountain mine
this morning and was instantly killed.
Davis wns 38 years of age and a resident
of Tro, fihasta County. A widow and two
children survive him.
Barn at Lorno Burned.
MARYSYILI-K, Sept. SO.- A fire at Lo
mo last night destroyed a barn on the
Peter Kerrigan pla^e with some valuable
live Btook, fodder and farming imple
ments. The loss Is covered by Insurance.
Stopped American Flour.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 30.— The
cufitoms offlclalfe having refused to pasi
20.000 sack:; of flour, arrived direc:ly isom
TIIE SAN TRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER I, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM. |
the United States, on the frounrl that the
flour was unwholesome, the United States
Minister here, Oscar Strauss, energetically
protested and obtained an order allowing
the admission of the I.our.
GERMANY WILL KEEP
OUT OF BOER TROUBLE
BERT/TN, Sept. 30.— The Transvaal mud
dle continues to interest Germany, though
this interest has somewhat flagged owing
to the uncertainty of the situation
I throughout the week. In the absence ot
I authentic Information the papers have
Wif^Y JIL ff/ll HKTH\ T he rcccnt Electrical Exposition in Italy recalled the first Voltaic-Pile Battery CS^^ I N./^S J^L '
\Y^ 1 *) liyilii of Alex Voita in 1800. To him the world owes the sublime developments £§S«^^ W W '
ts^^^^^^WfjK Wfilii*% of electric science tor the past hundred years, one outgrowth of which is the "*" \L /M fi£^f^'\ !
DR - Mclaughlin electric belt. . }Wm)\
Klw^i^i^ This is a body battery which, worn over ih> nsrvc center, s^nds its healing voltage thro the entire ■ Ay^^^f y^ !
Vriw^^^^^l^V y stcm and drives out disease. It is the one sure remedy for WEAK KIDNEYS, WEAK STOMACH, • §R^sj^%|L ;
\f^^^i\n^W^^n\Wr WEAK BACKt WEAK NERVES! ■ .- W^\y'Wn : \l\ <
Immi /* '/IwlW uil Il\ Don't starve your vitality. Nature meant you to be strong. Neglect has wrecked many a life which might have matured. Syjfll&'ji! '
I I [■t//7l'r ixl %) c v '" hose vita l force is wasted is an affliction to others and miserable himself. My system of curative electricity is the best and saf- V(|[ //// KM
ISi ilt a\ j eSt mvi 8' orant that can be used. This is th» power which gives a man the vigor and buoyancy of youth the old man bowed 'down j^^ vll&it\
1 itf? I m liuffl in pain or the weak man run down by debility is gone and replaced by a strong, healthy body, full of new life and energy. .%. ; A 7// f$V \
'? ttn /^l blv! The electrodes of my new body battery are cushion covered, which PRE- „ o madera, Cai., Sept. 8. 1899. t^^x/ :i ■II pAiA
'I fit 'Sam BBli •.r-^^r^r* , i .-..rT-Trr r ^.^,-,^ „•■..,.-, , .. ■ : , . . ,■ ;. , • r>*ar Sir— The Electric TJplt I Loumht of you has been worth its >' j\YS' / 1 1 KVatVr
/ b'i Fl&k BBli VENTS that AWFUL BLISTERING, as In Other electric belts; and my new weight in gold, for It has cured my weakness and other troubles en- 'SiQJf- i P ¥^T|4
X " //fw% • m Switch regulator controls the current at will. ■ »' ™ -^atUflee With H, and^irßi^^ L H ard A?* w / |||
in invite you to see my famous method or TTJin TUT A WTpT , A TIGHT IN 702 Market St., COr. KeamV, S. F., ° FFIC p E m ? lu^k'lO To 1° "*
6 end /or my new descriptive book-FBEE. JL/ JLl* lf±« jHL« llLKjUrk. \J \A 11 All 9 • an Burdiok Block, Cor. Spring and Second Sts , Los Angeles. never sold in drug-stores.
THE EMPORIUM. |
printed many surmises and much editorial
guesswork. The correspondent of the As
sociated Press hears from a reliable
source that, there Is absolutely no truth
In the report that the Emperor has offered
to mediate. <>n the contraiy, it is said
that neither the Emperor personally nor
German}' as a country or as a political
or military power is going to Interfere in
the quarrel, either now or later, no mat
ter how things turn out. This Is BOt
ii'-oording to the plainly stipulated terms
ot last year's agreement between Ger
many and Great Britain, but it was
tacitly understood that Germany was to
let Great Britain have a free hand In the
Transvaal. It Is also implied that the
final disposal of the Portuguese colonies
In East Africa is to antedate Great Krlt
THE EMPORIUM.
am's fight with the Transvaal and it is
in order to bring this about, if possible,
with no fiu-ther delay that Count yon
Hatzfeld-Von Wildenberg, the German
Ambassador at London, has been con
ferring repeatedly this week with Lord
Salisbury, their negotiations not yet be
ing- ended.
Quarrel Ends in Murder.
PENDLETON, Sept. 30.— James Town
send shot and killed William Hale com
monly known as "Wild BUI," in the south
ern portion of Umatilla County, last
night. The men had trouble over a horse.
A Murderous Chinaman.
MARYSYII.I.E, Sept. M.—A San Fran-
j^^^THE EMPORIUM. |
Cisco Chinaman enlivened the local China
town at midnight by entering a house
which in conducted by an old flame and
discharging three chambers of his revol
ver at random. His rival was in the house
at the time lmt managed to keep out of
range of the bullets.
Mayberry Divorce Granted.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 30.— Judge Allen
in the Superior Court here to-day granted
the divorce asked for by Emily Gray
Mayberry from Edward L. Mayberry- The
grounds upon which the divorce was
granted were cruelty and Infidelity. The
matter of alimony comes up in a separate
suit not yet deiided.
THE EMPORIUM.
Sadie Hill Arrested.
FRESNO, Sept. 30.— Sadie Hill was ar
rested here to-night by Constable Mason
of Fowler on a warrant from Healdsburg,
charged with grand larceny. The nature
of the charge is not known. She says
it was instigated by her divorced hus
band.
Biver Steamer Lost.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 30.— The steamer
Clyde, running between St. Louis and
Memphis, sank last night about twenty
live miles below Cairo. The boat was
valued at ?"0,000 and was insured for £Q,<
--000. No lives wore lost.
56
SUNDAY OCTOBER i, 189.)
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sti., S. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
LDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 187*.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER "VTEKK.
Sing!* Cople«. 6 oents.
Terms by Mull. Including Postage:
PAILT CALL flncludlnc Sunday Oil!), on* year *!,„«
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Cain. « months ».OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). * month! .... *~"
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ORe
BUXDAY CALL • ">!-.«• Year *•"**
WEFKLY CALL One Year I '°°
All postmasters ik authorized to recelvj Bubßorlptlon*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 08 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROCNEBS.
Manager Forelft.i Advertising, Martjuette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON __ Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
FERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Balldln*
CHICAGO NEW* STANDS.
Whermaa Mou»«: P. O. News Co.; Great Norther* ■«**!
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brenta.no, II UsJoa Square
Murray Hill IVotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street. corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK 300 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister, street, open until 0-30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22C"' MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 109*
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open uijtll 9 o'clock- NIM. corner Twenty
second end Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock^
AMUSEMENTS.
„ • urn —Vaudeville.
California — "A Yeuulne Tentleman."
rivoll— "Othello."
Columbia "Much Ado About Nothing:." to-morrow night.
Alcazar— "The Idler."
.;ran : Opem-house— "The Drum Major's Daughter."
Chutes! Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
tvenlnc.
Olympla. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sutro Baths— S'.vimniine Races, etc.
Circus-Sixteenth ami Isom streets,
•atlon I'ark— Baseball to-day.
Cnion Courftng I'ark— Couialni; To-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
AUCTION SALES.
By Eastern! Kldridge & Tuesday, October J, at II
o'clock. Real Estate, ai •_ .-. Market street.
By S. WRtkinu .v «."o.— Tuesday. October 3, at 11 o'clock,
Ormonde Pale Stall!'-. ■" 1517 Mission street.
CONSUMPTION QUARANTINE.
" j "HE tentative action of our State Board of
I Health in regard to a quarantine of consump
* lives has had the very desirable effect of pro
ducing discussion of the subject.
The Call has reproduced the comments of four
teen newspapers, representing large centers of popu
lations, from Salt Lake to Boston. Of these eight
oppose and six favor the quarantine idea in some
form.
We have no doubt that if in the cities where oppo
sition appears it were proposed to rigidly isolate
i !-(•> of consumption, putting them under some form
vi police oversight to -it that the isolation is per
fect, these same newspapers would make no objec
tion, because the precaution would be for the protec
tion ot the communities in which they circulate.
The New Kngland States had a system designed to
protect municipalities against the support of indigents,
by which a man. no matter what the condition of his
fortune, was compelled to secure m some form a
municipality to which he went as a stranger against
any burden arising in his possible indigence. In
many of the most enlightened Western States there
i'sed to be .1 "black code." which denied access to
lree ne"roir-< unless they could give security, in some
cases running to their moral conduct as well as against
tHeir possible indigence.
Now. a!! of thrse regulations were, in effect, a
quarantine against certain classes fur the financial
protection of the public treasury. In their day tin-re
was a necessity for them or they would not have ex
isted. They were recognized as a legitimate use of
the police power.
It is a maxim of civil government that the public
health and welfare is the supreme law, and under our
.system ot government each State must judge lor itself
when and how to apply that maxim. There" is noth
ing in the Federal constitution which forbids a State
quarantine, and the undented power to establish it is
freely used against smallpox, cholera and yellow fever.
The power being undented, if the necessity of its
- ' blished, the tentative proposition of our
Roard of He;ilth must be discussed on the line of its
ity and its benefit.
As to the necessity, that depends upon the recog
nition by science of consumption as a disca c c so
certainly and dangerously infectious as to be pre
ventable by quarantine precautions. We are not prs
■; ■■• has gone far enough in this
quarantine! It advises isola
l'\ve are not :i\\«re of any difference
of opinion in the medical world on that subject. It
■*■ ■ nfection of sputum, clothing,
rrotindings. jusl as in the case of the
■ ague and typhoid. To the
'■>>■ mi ■ ■ tablish the theory of in-
■ :i some dr?=tic criti
nia. It i- n,,; to be expected that :\
je for potable purposes
' f very nice ideas o.n
such a The stranger who enters that city
: | era ■ ,'cry day an oflkial no
tice by f: c Board of Health that th- water in certain
districts i- for tl 1 ■!. ;• dangerous^ in others passab'e.
rs under suspicion. But he does not know
what fauce! is discharging Feculence riot ye; oxidized
■- or what one is dripping dejec
i; imi< in an advanced state of decay. Under the cir
go is in an admirable condition to
healthy p< I eep them away from
"he typhoid fever, flux and other fatal diseases which
circulate in her water pipes.
!•,;-- ar-e reported to be buying Amer
ican muies for the war in the Transvaal. This is per
haps the firsi time that the Government mule has es
caped being a juke and is raided to the dignity of in
ternational interest.
There seenr; to be a question in the minds of cer
tain State officials concerning the terms of notaries
r'-" : - The people at large are satisfied, however,
that they are strictly ensh.
FINANCIAL LEGISLATION.
"T^HERE is a growing feeling that Congress will
be willing to go even farther in financial legis
lation than the conclusions reached last spring
by the caucus committee.
Those conclusions related to the basic conditions
of a financial system, and proposed putting under it
the sure foundation of the gold standard. Such ac
tion fixes the par redemption of all forms of currency
n; gold, and plants the public credit immovably upon
that basis. While the law now fixes gold as the unit
of value, the declaratory resolutions of Congress per
mit the redemption of the public debt in coin, either
gold or silver. This admits that such circumstances
may arise, and they would come unforeseen and sud
denly, under which payment in silver would smite the
credit of the United States in a fatally vital spot.
With such a gap between the nominal and actual
value of the standard silver dollar as has existed since
the silver tinkering began with the Bland bill, there
is left under credit a mine to be exploded by any
financial accident. Therefore the proposed legislation,
finally definitive of a financial foundation, is highly
meritorious. But everywhere this year there is an
obvious strengthening of the purpose of the Repub
lican party to stand by the sound money colors under
which it won in 1806. The persistence of the free sil
ver movement among the Bryan Democracy is
equally indicative of the determination of the oppo
sition to persist in its policy.
The Republican party may read an instructive les
son from its own experience. In iSyo and 1892 it
went down in dusty wreck with its tariff policy in
splinters. But it persisted, even in the face of defec
tion and loss. It saw the strength of the opposition
grow and gain in the Senate seat alter seat from what
had appeared to be impregnably Republican States.
But the party persisted, and in 1896 it rose, repaired,
from its wreck and refreshed by its rest from power,
and has marched forward until there is not left a
straight Democratic Senator from a Northern State,
and there are six Republican* Senators from the
South.
There is but little danger now. But the prosperity
which favors the party may change. Only 2. dog
matist will deny the fact in the history of financial
panics that they come under all revenue systems,
under tariffs for protection and tariffs for revenue, and
to the business of all countries, regardless of their
form of government. The current flush times are not
an American specialty. Our masterly gain in foreign
trade is not caused by prosperity at home alone, but
by prosperity abroad which stimulates commercial
exchange and enables the world to buy what we have
to sell. Kngland and the Continental nations are
ilourfching. The portentous advance in the metal
trades is not peculiar to us. It is general in all the
iron and steel countries. Confidence is high and
general, and speculation has caught its inspiration.
There are all the conditions which imply a reaction.
It may be long deferred, but some time it will come.
Confidence is like a man in a balloon, who looks ap
as he rises and feels no fear. But when high in the
air he looks down and trembles. So the trading and
financial world looks ahead and not back for a long
time, until it faces to the rear, trembles, stops, ami
there is a panic.
When this time comes, unless we have strength
ened our financial system, the scenes of iSg.} will be
repeated, and the Federal treasury, which is yet suf
fering an annual deficit, will be in the same condition
to which it was plunged by the last panic. Then, with
the silver movement as persistent as was protection
among the Republican-, who can say that it will not
succeed and inoculate our fiscal system with a septic
influence which will make it permanently infirm?
lt is the duty of the Republican party to make that
system immune to bubonic politics. The legislation
• to that end. and if Congress shali
choose to .;:'> farther, and by simplifying our whole
body of currency and adapting a banking system to
the needs of the country, making it strong enough to
weather any storm, it i^ easy to that the conse
quences of loss of confidence will he greatly limited
and a panic may be a slight storm instead of a cy
clone like [893.
The present season seems to be pretty tough on
dentists. At this writing the Grand Jury is investi
ng Tooth-puller Gedge, the State Board of Dental
Examiners is on the trail of Dr. Tebbets, and the
powers at Union Park have told Dr. G: W. Leek to
his teeth that he has been engaged in the business ■
preparing dope for greyhounds. The profession will
do its best to bridge over the dark days.
JUSTICE TO THE SOUTH.
SOUTHERN newspapers complain with a con
siderable show of justice that while every lynch
law outrage in a Southern State is displayed is
a sensation in the news of the day and made use of
by a considerable number of Northern papers as an
occasion for denouncing the Southern people, little or
no attention is given in either the news or the edi
torial columns to the efforts made in the South to
eradicate race antagonisms, enforce law and put a
stop to lynching.
The Savannah News cites the recent Delegal inci
dent in Georgia as a case in point. When the dis
turbances at Darien took place over the attempt to
arrest Delegal and threats of lynching were made by
certain classes of the whites the affair was heralded
far and wide as a race war, but as soon as the law
was enforced the issue was dropped and no credit
given to the State authorities by the outside critics
who had been so busy in condemning what they called
the lawlessness of the South. "We have so far failed
to see." it says, "any comments in the Northern
papers upon the fact that the State of Georgia put
her-elf to thousands of dollars of expense, ordered
out the militia and convened two special terms of
court in order to secure safety and justice to a negro
charged with assault upon a white woman, and that
in the end a jury of white men found the negro not
guilty of the crime alleged and restored to him his
liberty."
The justness of a complaint of the kind is not to be
questioned. Lurid reports of Iynchings tend to pro
duce the impression that many Southern communi
ties arc relapsing into something like barbarism and
that life and property are not secure. Reports of
that nature are harmful to a community in more ways
than one. for they seriously impede its industrial and
commercial ' advancement, and the South, being in
need of an increase of population and of capital, is
the more injured by any false impression produced
among the people of the North concerning its social
conditions.
The relations between the whites and the blacks of
Southern Georgia are bad enough even upon the
showing msde by the News. A community in which
the Governor has to call out the militia, convene two
special terms of court and put the State to thousands
j of dollars of expense for the purpose of securing to
I a citizen his'right of trial by jury-, is certainly not the
most law-abiding community in the world, and is
! justly subject to a pood deal of criticism in the North
I and the West, wUcre better conditions prevail. Never
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER I, 1899.
theless, it is only fair to direct attention to the fact
that the law was enforced and the i.egro did receive
a fair trial and an acquittal.
The Southern, papers, however, are in error when
they assume that the loud denunciation of lynching
taken in connection with the comparative silence in
the Northern press when the law is enforced is a
proof of prejudice against the people of the South.
There is no such prejudice of sectionalism left in any
considerable portion of the Northern people. It is
well understood by all intelligent Northern men that
Southern people have" a difficult problem to deal with
in the antagonism of races, and there is a wide sym
pathy with them. Every effort made by Southern offi
cials to enforce law and keep in order the unruly ele
ments of both races is noted with more than ordinary
satisfaction. It is desirable that every portion of the
Union be prosperous and peaceful, and much has
been done in the North to direct attention to the
progress of Southern industries and the improvement
of Southern conditions. Such injustice as may have
been done in the discussion of lynching carries its
atonement with it. for it has had no other motive
than an ardent desire to have such outrages stopped
and to rouse the Southern people themselves to a
perception of the wrong done to their section by the
occurrence of such crimes.
FOR STUDENTS AND EDUCATORS.
POPULAR education in the United States has
developed a demand for a species of instruction
supplementing that given in schools and col
leges, which will enable the great mass of intelligent
men and women to pursue with success various
studies during the leisure moments- of their busy
lives. In response to that demand there have arisen
among our people all forms of literary and scientific
clubs and associations. The Chautauquan movement,
which is an outgrowth of that desire, has spread all
over the Union and become a national institution,
and now the enterprises of university extension are
giving their aid in the same direction.
All of these things attest the need of a daily help
to students and educators in the work of advancing
the general culture of the community. To supply
that help The Call has undertaken to publish a series
of courses of study every day except Sunday, and the
attention of all persons interested in general culture
is directed to the fact that the courses are not to be
"studies" in name only. Each course, as we have an
nounced, is to be under the direction of able masters
and recognized authorities on the subjects dealt with.
while the whole scries will be arranged and super
vised by Seymour Eaton, formerly of the Drexel In
stitute of Philadelphia.
The papers will be of course interesting to the
casual reader, but their main purpose is to serve the
genuine and earnest student. The teachers of our
public or private schools and colleges, the members
of literary- or scientific clubs and of the Chautauquan
and university extension societies, and all who prose
cute home studies, will be well repaid by a careful
study of the papers. It is. in fact, to that class of the
community the articles will most potently appeal. It
will not require a university education to be able to
follow them with understanding, but none the less
even the best read students will find in them much
that is instructive as well as entertaining.
Students of Shakespeare, for example, will have an
opportunity of reading in The Call on each Monday
and Thursday articles written by such men as Pro
fessors Dowden of Dublin University. Albert S. Cook
of Yale. Hiram rorson of Cornell, Isaac Demmon of
the University of Michigan. Hamilton W. Mabie of
the Outlook, and William J. Kolfe. whose edition of
Shakespeare is well known to all students. In the
department of American history there are to be
paper? every Friday by such authorities as John
Bach McMaster of the University of Pennsylvania,
Albert Bushnell Hart of Harvard, Charles H. Smith
of Vale, Bernard C. Steiner of the Pratt Library of
Baltimore, and Andrew C. McLaughlin of the Univer
sity of Michigan.
The articles on the world's great artists, which are
to be published every Tuesday, will be contributed by
John C. Van Dyke. lecturer on art at Columbia and
rd: A. L. Frothingham Jr.. professor of art .it
Princiton; Russell Sturgis and Arthur Hoeber. the
eminent art critics of New York, and Frank Fowler,
one of the leading artists of that city. The papers
on home science and household economy are to be
furnished by such noted women as Mrs. Helen Camp
bell. Margaret E. Sangster and Kate Gannett Wells,
and Misses Lucy Wheelock and Anna Bar
rows. Those papers are to be published on Saturdays,
while on each Wednesday there are to be two papers,
one dealing with desk studies for girls and the other
with shop and trade studies for boys.
The usefulness to educators and students of the
daily publication of studies on such subjects by emi
nent writers and thinkers can hardly be overrated.
They will materially advance the movement for the
general culture of the community, and to most of our
readers will be one of the most valued features of The
Call.
The destructive tendencies of certain members of
the Board of Education have reached such a stage as
to make them matters of public concern. While they
were busily engaged in shattering their own reputa
tions there was no particular reason for unrest, but
now, according to the testimony of their associates,
they are demolishing public school property and
should be hauled up with a round turn.
A San Jose litigant has developed a most peculiar
notion of the commercial value of wifely affection.
His wife deserted him after announcing, with some
emphasis, that the only thing more she wanted to
see of him. in remembrance, was his death notice.
After that he sued the other fellow for $10,000 for
robbing him of his wife's comfort and society.
Recent actions of Secretary Root knock the props
from under rumors to the effect that General Corbin
and not he is the man in the War Department. Dis
patches arc to the effect that the Secretary has iust
purchased a high-priced Kentucky thoroughbred and
will soon be — if he is not now — in the saddle.
Author Constantine Demetrak of Oakland claims
to be a Spartan, but his recent actions do not bear
him out Because a firm of publishers have failed
to 1 meet his ideas in the printing of a book he is
making vigorous complaint. No true Spartan wa^
ever known to do any such thing.
The infuriated Spanish gentleman of Lemoorr who
tried to sever the matrimonial bond between himself
and his wife by carving his spouse will probably have
plenty of time now in which to reflect that the divorce
court cuts almost as quickly and with not nearly a*
much disturbance.
Two directors of the Melrose school district engaged
the other night in a quarrel, during the course of
which they called each other liars. Fortunately no
weapons were drawn, the directors entirely overlook
ing the chance they had to teach the young idea how
to shoot.
EDITORIAL
VARIATIONS
BY JOHN McNAUGHT.
A young woman of an intense emo
tional nature, with an ardent, ambi
tious intellect, possessing, it appears,
many fin« faculties but lacking the sav
ing one of common sense, in a stress of
excitement lost her reason and her
strength and was committed last week
to Agnews asylum as an insane patient,
where she died. For some time before
her insanity manifested itself she had
been a student of Christian Science and
a votary of its doctrines. On that show
ing a considerable number of the people
of the neighborhood have come to the
conclusion she was rendered insane by
the philosophy ?h« was studying, and
they have found means to make some
thing staitlingly sensational of the case
and to raise a clamor against Christian
Science and all its teachers.
In that same asylum at Agrnews there
i was for many years — and may be yet,
j for all I know — a young woman of ar
| dent mind, who, while a student at the
j State Normal School at San Jose, be
| came insane from a strain upon the
j brain brought about by overstudy and
i lack of proper recreation and nourish
j ment. Now let us have another sensa
i tion and raise a cry against the Normal
i School, demanding the suppression of
the teaching of those who believe in the
education of girls.
• • •
Call a doctrine "Christianity," and
! the common world will listen to it with
| toleration at least, though it be hardly
more than a traditional superstition
handed down from the dark ages of the
human intellect. Call a doctrine "sci
| ence," and the same world will listen to
i it with an equal toleration, though it
I teach by precept there is no soul, and \
! that every ill of humanity can be cured
jby pills. That much the world will do
solely because Christianity and science
' are old. familiar .names. We do not
! know what they mean, but' we know
j the words, and anything called by i
| their names sounds friendly. It has !
! been the custom to regard them [
jas good old antagonistic forces,
opposing one another in the domain
lof philosophy in much the same
| way as Democracy and Republicanism
j oppose each other in politics. We have
' grown used to their rivalries and their
i fights, and it appears to most of us a
natural condition of the world that they
; should go on fighting. The thinkers
who are trying to fuse the two into a
rational system of Christian Science are
I therefore regarded as enemies of soci
! ety, hardly more respectable than the
men who try to organize fusion parties
in politics, and the average man who
i has never given a serious thought to
Christianity, science or Christian Sci
ence is cocksure that just as a fusion
party would endanger the chances of
both the old parties, so the new philoso
j phy, if it be not suppressed, will entail
the destruction of both science and
Christianity.
• • ■
The war for the cause of the good old
faces, forms, creeds and names against
I anything and everything unfamiliar be
: gan with the appearance of the first
1 stranger on the outskirts of a village of
human beings. No sooner had that ear-
I liest of wanderers been sighted by the
! natives of the village than one said to
another: "Do you know that thing?"
The other replied: "No. I don't."
"Then," said the first, "get your club
and let's kill it."
. . .
When a name has once become famil
i iar and approved any kind of doctrince
can be put forth under it with good
! success, no matter how different it be
I from what the name itself means and
implies. Examples of that truth are to
MRS. MILLS INDORSES THE PLAN.
Says The Call Educational Scheme. Is a Good One and Deserves
to Be Commended.
be found in the thousand vagaries '
preached and practiced in the names of
religion and of science. During the cur
rent discussion of the strife in the Phil
ippines what pranksorne preaching has
there been! Here is a case fresh from ■
the Republican convention in Nebraska. .
To that body there came the Rev. Mr.
Mailey, who made a speech, prefacing it
with the statement: "I am no politician
—simply a preacher." His speech was
an insistent demand for the prosecution
of the war against the "enemy we are
trying to save and civilize." and in the I
course of it the usual declaration In j
favor of fighting for the flag, "right or
wrong." When that doctrine is shouted I
from the mouths of irresponsible lay- \
men it hardly means more than that
such people are careless alike of the j
principles of justice and the honor of i
the nation; but when a man speaking |
professedly as a Christian preacher
proclaims the creed it is time for the
church to get after him. If a declara
tion in favor of war. "right or wrong,"
be not heresy in the church of Christ,
then there is no heresy in that church
and very little of Christ.
* * *
I make the suggestion of heresy
charges against the war spouters of the
pulpit with no intention of taking pert
in any controversy that might arise
from the trial of such a charge. I can
well imagine what a splutter there
•would be if a church should assert that
obedience to Christ is more imperative
MISCELLANEOUS. jW
0 «-o-^c5-^o-^o^o-^o-«-o-^o-»o-^o-^o-^o-«-&^o^o-^o-^o-^o-^o-^o-^o^o-»3-^o-^o-^0 4 ra
! YOU SAVE MONEY AT PATTOSIEN'S. [
♦ +
fii | ijj j 3^ o[\\ i^^^J ♦
♦ M l V '' If Very Beautiful Brass ff *** ■. 1 A '*i£2sL ■ ♦
♦ I" I __jj*!s> and Steel Bed, in any '» ,\v *
1 /|j^777^^" T ~- "Yr color imported enamel, *»' Ks^W>'»|- ">j i o
o JTiirr^" — — -T^ all siz^, only one to a This artistic [Jg^lifeg ( *
♦ Has any house of- customer; regular price little Jardiniere % •
♦ tered you this An- * 10 -98; tor Sfi -- Stand in oak V»
♦ +;,,..» p n Min,r R»rl to-morrow.. 50./J or mahogany • ,
° S.^mnlred st^i We reserve the right finish-only « This and Three ♦
0 r', !!iT a fnood t0 refuse the sale of -to a customer other patterns %
♦f i h P /nH S V,n^ cnn this bed t 9 any one to-mor- - - in Golden Oak \
1 fim.h and fine con-- reco^ n!zed . as a dealer, row 45c Cheffoniers, ♦
♦ struction.. qq a ,, Bird , s Eye MapJe 2 00 Reed and with French +
♦ Dressing Cases at 25 Rattan Rock- beveled mir- o
a Best Kitchen Tables, par cent off the m irked ers, bought at rors, to- mor- £ (
o to-morrow... Cl ACk price for to-morrow 3oconthedol- row en HO * 4
♦ 51. 40 only. lar. for- 3>=**W °
i Carpets and Rugs. I
♦ ♦
« Our fall showing of Carpets and Rug? is one of the most extensive we ever o
0 made, and the prices are so extremely low that we feel confident of winning ♦
the approval of all wise .buyers. £
♦ Brusseline Carpet, 36 Inches wide 3-ply Union Ingrain Carpet, heavy +
1 and reversible, beautiful patterns that weight, 25 patterns from which to °
0 will wear as good as high- s[? r choose, in the very latest EA/, o '
♦ priced Carpets; Monday, yard vJvJI^ shades and styles; a yard.. vJVJW ♦
o Tapestry Brusse's Car- The Famous Columbia Smith's Axminster Car- &
.♦ pets, hona-fide Sanford's Brussels Carpets, 36 in. pets— a very large line, ♦
x and Hisgins' goods, en- wide and reversiole, a with borders to match,
0 tirely new; a yt pprr r carpet that cannot be ex- is being shown for, a o
a yard ..: TJt celled, we offer M 7f\^ yard.... <tj tf\ ♦
o" . for, a yard / Ul' Cpl.lvr J
♦ Brusseling Art Squares, the only Made-up Carpet Rugs— made up out »
° r , .  . ' or the finest Brussels and velvet car- °
♦ double-faced- goods made— Monday pet remnants, about 600' to be closed ♦
°at the following great bargain prices: out without thought of original cost ♦
♦ or making — Monday : ?
1 2!^xSyds. 3x3 yds. 3xS«« yds 3x4 yds. « X 9 ft. SMxIITm, ft. 9x12 ft. 10^x12^ ft. o
♦ $2.50 $3.00 $3.50 $4.00 $7.00 $11.50 $12.50 $15.00 ♦
♦ Patrons should remember that we have the finest Curtain Dept. of aqy store in „
1 San Francisco, and tnat our prices are so low that connoisseurs can satisfy £ i
o their most artistic taste, and at the same time save a considerable amount of o
♦ money. t
j- PATTOSIEN'S, 2SKL I
> -o ■*■ o-»-
upon men than devotion to the flag,
and that when a nation goes wrong it is
the duty of the church to withstand it.
There would then be indeed that sepa
ration of church from state which we
all so loudly profess to desire, and as a
consequence there would be a ruction
of immense proportions, for it is an in
variable rule that when men are grant
ed their desires there is always a row.
If we have faith In religion we must
believe it possible to educate a Filipino
without killing all his relatives and re-
I dueing him to servitude; but if we have
charity for all men we must tolerate the
war-breathing pi-earner and concede
his right to practice Christianity by
blood and slaughter. In a recently
published letter Mrs. Elizabeth Bar
rett Browning said:
"In our age faith and charity are
found— but they are usually found
apart. T\'e tolerate everybody because
we doubt everything; or else we toler
atr nobody because we believe some
thing. Largeness of intellectual vision
becomes indistinctness in the apprehen
sion of outline, just as the case is in
physical near-sightedness."
Mrs. Browning is dead and her age is
dead with her, but the old problem re
mains; and what is perplexing the
brains of our debating societies is to
find out how we can have faith In "our
national mission" and still indulge
a oh: ri''bie 'respect for the religion of
our Infancy.
• * *
San Jose has undertaken to entertain
the State with a Brand Jubilee in com
memoratlon of tho fiftieth anniversary
of th organisation of the Government
of California as a State, which took
place in that city December 20, 1849; If
my memory be not in error the body
that organized iho Government we are
now so proud of. in that beautiful
pueblo on that auspicious occasion, is
known to fame as "The Legislature o£
a Thousand Drinks." The moderation
of the men of that tiny is amazing. A
thousand drinks would not last ;i Legis
lature of our time even a little while.
That many would be poured out in liba
tions on the first appearance of Ma
zuma. The title, however, is full of
pleasant suggestions, and if San Jose
carry her patriotic endeavor through it
is a safe prediction that every promise
the phrase suggests will be fully real
ized to the visitor who goes there thirst
ing for joy.
In all earnestness, there is no better
place for a December festival in all the
world than that selfsame San Jose, for
if the rains come and the Coyote and
the Los Gatos overflow there can be a
Venetian fete, and if it do not rain
there can be an Elysian frolic, starting
from the city and spreading all over
the surrounding country to San Jose's
farthest suburbs, Oakland and Gllroy.
The climate of the district was ordained
of heaven for the delight of man, and
the people who live in it have expanded
in all good things until they have be
come the best hosts and finest compan
ions good fellowship can desire. It was
once the capital of the State, and ha 3
a good right to celebi.ite its past hon
ors. The festival of a thousand drinks
will be a halcyon and vociferous time
indeed, and he who wishes not to take
all hi.-s thousand in wine may drink in
patriotism and hospitality and th«
beauty of fair women. It is to be hoped
the undertaking will prosper, for there
is virtue in it.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NEITHER IS GOOD— Subscriber, City.
Neither of the following expressions is a
good one: "There are more than 8000
miles from San Francisco and Paris. "
"There is more than 3000 miles from San
Francisco to Paris." It is proper to say,
"Tl#re are more than 3000 miles between
San Francisco and Pari?."
SWORD— Subscriber, City. General U.
S. Grant was a general who did not wear
a sword during the Civil War.
ACTION FOR DIVORCE— S. T. T. C,
Seattle, Wash. How soon after the filing
of the papers in an action for divorce
in Califorril; i'.ie matter will come td
trial depends very much upon circum
stances, as there may be good cause for
postponement upon any railing of th*
case, if the pan./ against whom ti.
tion In commenced is out of th<- State
there is service of summons by publica
tion and by mailing a ropy of the sum
mona through the raajl to last known ad
dress. If a divorce is obtained by fraud
the party aggrieved has a remedy by
making a proper showing before the court
that granted the decree.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Uj at Townsend's. •
Special Information supplied daily to
and public men by the
■ i Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
Telephone .Main 1042 •
Convicts Sentenced.
Judge Dunne has sentenced James Mor
gan, convicted of an attempt to commit
grand larceny, to two years in Folsom-
Frank Sato, eighteen months at sTrl
Quentin, tor grand larceny; R r M<-
Lean, grand larceny, ten \ears in Sn
Northern Pacific Railway.
Upholstered tourist sleeper through to st
Paul every Tuesday night. No change Th
car Is nicely upholstered in leather and i, »'
tremely comfortable in every respect ' PullnT
sleeping cars of the latest pattern on I?.™ 1
train. Tickets sold at lowest rates to ,1° ZIZ
East T. K. Stateler, Gen. A^t.. 633 M k et
San Francisco. Mlet »t,.
Cheap Rates.
September 29 to October 5 Inclusive th« X*»
Government building and fall festivities. q£
full particulars at 62S Market street.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sore
Red Rough Hands Itching Burning W(§|
Palms and Painful Finger Ends. \U=^J
One Night Treatment
Soak the hands on retiring, in a strong, hot
creamy lather oi CUTICURA SOAP. Dry,
and anoint freely with CUTICURA, the great
skin cure and purest of emollients. Wear during
the night, old, loose kid gloves, with the finger
ends cut off and air holes cut in the palms. For
red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fissured, itching,
feverish palms, with shapeless nails and painful
finger ends, this treatment is simply wonderful.
Pure and Sweet
and free from every blemish is the skin, scalp, and hair cleansed, purified, and
beautified by CUTICURA SOAP. It removes the cause of disfiguring eruptions,
loss of hair, and baby blemishes, viz. : The clogged, irritated, inflamed, or sluggish
condition of the PORES. CUTICURA SOAP combines delicate emollient prop-
erties derived from CUTICURA, the great skin cure, with th© purest of cleansing
ingredients and most refreshing of flower odor*. No other medicated soap over
compounded is to be compared with it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the
skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic poap, however expen-
sive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
Thns it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE -namely, TWENTY-FIVE
CENTS— tho best skin and complexion Eoap and the bost toilet and baby 6oap in
the world.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Itching, Durning, Scaly Humors.
Hot bath? with CUTICURA SOAP to cleanse the ekin ; yen tie anointings with CUTICO HA
OINTMENT to heal the Bkin; and mild doeee of CUTICURA RESOLVENT to cool the
. Sold throughout the world. Price, THE SET, $1.25; or, SOAP, 25c; OINTMENT,
50c.; RESOLVENT (half size), 60c. POTTER DRUG & CHEM. CORP., .Sole Props.
Bouton. Send for " How to Preeerve the Hands, Hair, and Skin," mallei free.
WHITNEY SAYS THEY
TOOK AWAY HIS WIFE
HE HAS SITED MARGARET AND
EDWARD ANDERSON. .
r'os L. TYhitney believes that Mar
t and Edward Ander3on have pre.iu
mind apainst him by tell
; isoned fruit prepared
r consumption, and
•.don him. In conse
■ iem $50,000 dam-
I
WAltney claims that Margaret and Ed
ward Anderson i have for two years past
■written to his wife, Kate L. Whitney,
charging him with having violated his
man vows; with having been guilty
of int'-niperance and of attempting to kill
her by -means of poisoned fruit and with
a six-shooter. He alleges that they' also
encouraged' Mrs, Whitney to stay at their
homo ..and abandon him. This, he says,
resulted in a- ranee of their family
ties and defeated all efforts to effect a
reconciliation. As a result the plaintiff
<Vmrr damages In the sum of $50,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A
BIG
JUMP.
i
;
: Mr. H. E. Corbett, our contracting
; agent, leaves Selma to-day for Los
; Anpeles to arrange for tV,» <-'■ lp-
-2 ment of our rig-. It has 1 en de-
-1 ciderl to raise the price of our stock
1 to $3 per share as soon as it is
i placed.
$1.80 PER SHARE
j Is the price now. Don't delay if
you want to get the benefit of this
I raise. Our stock Is listed on the
i California Oil Exchange. *
\ ■
BIG PANOCHE OIL GO,,
I 411-412-413-414 Adams Bllg. 208 *my St.
ri San Francisco-
-3 PROSPECTUS FREE.
;1, , _ _._ __ '' ___ __
W Sarsapariual
t>.** AMD PILIS VR
W» 70 Years Success I
in evert} quarter of the Globe ■
Wk PROMPT POWERFUL PURIFIERS B
®k THE VERY BPST OP ALL felL
I^^BLOOD^'DVER CLEANSERS^^,^;
Wc"V<f. A ' JTHE <*>
ivisiv OR JORDAN'S great A
[KSSEilai OF ANATOMY^
f £& i::i iJA2 ~ T ST - **'" 6ift7th, S.F. CaI i
\ (3f The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
V m, i jnjii World. VV eaknejves off any rrntracted M
L. JS2/3 disease p^»lli»«-ly cared by the oldest W
0 jfi^fjg Speculi&trntbeCoatt. EsL 36 years ©
i &'§%?& DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
» f^jffibfi Consultation free and stri'tly yrixif \
9 H Xstf l( Tmtmem personally «r by letter. A A
\ft // Si n ft>l " Vll tVruineTerycaseunJenaken. \
km II ■' Wtt Wtiiefor 1! -t.lc, »■«! I I.OsOI'II V A
'II II MA tll * A *- i '-' MAILED FKEB. (AT
X valuable book (or mru) \
r DR. Jordan *co , 10 i Market st S. f r
TO FIX HIS FAME IN
GRANITE AND BRONZE
MEETING OF THE DEWEY MONU
MENT FUND COMMITTEE.
The citizens' committee to erect a mon
umorft in San Francisco to the An:
navy In commemoration of Admiral
Dewey's victory at Manila Ray mci
ly in the office of Phelan.
Among those present wei Spreck
iln R. H. Fletcher, !■;. B. Pond,
F. \Y. van Sick!' ii, Vanderlynn Stow, \Y.
<;. Stafford and Mayor P ■ mmu
ed and subscriptions
.. Mrs. A. S. TownS( ml .
list with her usual with
?; 100. < >ther su is fol
lows: \v. D. Wilkinson, $2 50; Dorothy
Wilkinson. $^ 50: Williams Brothers, $10;
--.■; Dunham, <
Hayi
Juli I. •■ . $100; McNab &
i\; SchUltZ,
■
Th. re seems to be an awakening of in
■ In the movement. New York's cel
lon v. ill soon ' t the San
Francisco monument will remain.
ri; ilons to da' I ,
Committees were a] . to wait on
several Individuals who are .
subscribe. The committee ad
meet at the same place next Friday at 3
o'clock to decide definitely the cost of the
monument, the location and the manner
of inviting designs. San Francisco will
! probably be the first ci;y to raise a mon-
I ument in honor of the American navy and
i Admiral Dewey. The designs will un
doubtedly be invited at the next mi
and all American Bculpi irs will bi
ito compete. It has t i suggested that
a granite shaft, with bronze figures and
designs in bas-relief, would bo the m.>st
| appropriate, lucated in some public place
i down town.
THRONGS AT THE FAIR.
Many Excursionists From Neighbor
ing Counties Were Entertained.
One of the largest crowds of the si ason
crushed into the Mechanics' Pavilion last
evening ami yesterday afternoon to view
the fair. Over 2000 spectators came from
the neighboring counties in special excur
sion trains. Most of the >:\> ursionista
came from Santa Rosa, Healdf mrg and
■.I her tuv, us along the line • I
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad. The
Bpecial feature of the evening was a prize
Cakewalk, in which P McKillican
and Miss Kinley, i<<rt Stone and Annie
■ . Everett Brown and Miss Bcatty
essfuL They will compete for
;>r^macy in the final next Wt dn< silay
t'harles Morrison :ind Cor]
! . Healey were the juiigcs.
' Monday evening the Yo-ki-a tribe
lans will go through the Intricacies
of t! •ir famous war dance. A number of
clever war dancers, headed bj < 'aptain
Bill, I . been specially imported from
Ukia.h r the> event.
["two hundred entries have been ro
ceived for the international baby show,
which will be held Monday afternoon.
Among th entries ar< I ilored chil
dren, four I idlan babies and one Filipino
The Indian - tiildren and the Filipino baby
are the first children of thi Ir race to be
cxhiblt-d at i baby show. The Filipino
baby is only I days old and is the child
of the only fu ,;,, woman
that ever v i .- it . . ry
Charged With Embezzlement.
Patrick O'Connoi a Modesto hut. •her,
was arrested last] ■ Clay street by
Detectives Wren ai I Gibson on a war
rant from Modesto C< inty, charging him
vrith felony cml iplain
inp witness Is < ry, who alleges
that he gave O'Coi to c >me to
this city and pny a bill. The butcher, ac
cording to McHenery'a Btatement, sp^nt
the money in various Baloona cultivating
a mr-ilow "jag." He will b< taken lo Mo
desto this rnnrnlntf.
Took the Lady's Clothes.
F. C. Thompson was arrested last night
by Patrolman K^yes and booked at the
City Prison on charges of grand larceny
and having burglar tools In his posses
sion. Thompson- entered the apartments
of a young woman who lives in a Powell
street lodging house and carried off her
wardrobe, valued at $100.
They Allege Cruelty.
D. H. Gleasoq has sued Lizzie ''.Icason
for a divorce, alleging cruelly as cause
of action. Nettie E. Buckman also, aska
for a divorce from her husband; Frank
"W. Buckman, on the ground of cruelty
At n.i M. Skivlngton hap the Bame com
plaint to make i-.galnpt'John F. Skivinpton,
and tihe asks'for a dlvorco on that grouiul.
THE SA:N FKAS CISCO CALL, ' SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
CHIEF LEES IS
PERPLEXED AT
EVERY POINT
Unable to Cope With
an Evil.
— » —
BOAST OF NYMPHIA SCHEMERS
•
DARE THE POLICE TO STOP THE
TRAFFIC.
♦
The Chief, Placed Between Two Fires,
Is Forced Into Inactivity and
Subterfuge to Evade Re
sponsibility.
The Hotel Nympbia has become an af
frighting nightmare to Chief of Police
Lees. Whichever way the venerable head
of the Police Department turns, he must
face a complication that he cannot sim
plify. If he closes the notorious estab
lishment he will be forced to shut the
doors of every similar resort in the city,
and that Is a task that he is unwilling
and unable to undertake. If he permits
the Nymphia to continue its traffic he
brings down upon his head the condem
nation of people who cannot tolerate open
and disgusting vice without a protest.
If the perplexed Chief takes the hazard
ous, stand of claiming that social vice is
inevitable in a large city and should be
concentrated, then to be consistent he
force all of the scattered resorts to
mobilize within a certain district.
However the Chief may act, he cannot
meet the conditions which face him. If
he attempts to please the church element
and decent people he will offend the other
nt and increase the mass of diffi
culties that already surround him. The
has come to- the conclu
sion that he will let thr situation take
care of itself, and as developments come
lo >k for an opening to 'escape. He has
done nothing and intends to do nothing.
la . .:• • xplanatlon of his activity.
The controversy reached a climax at the
! last meeting of the Police Commission-
I he subject was discussed. Chief
Lees hart shown something of a disposi
tion to respect the wishes of the decent
le who protest against the existence
01 a moral ulcer in their midst. What
ever view may be taken of the case, these
people are righteously up fn arms against
■ the plague spot. When the members of
the Twinkling Star Company— those genial
j K'-ntlemen who earn their bread by a
traffic in human flesh— heard that the
Chief was contemplating a raid upon
them they sent a letter to the Police
Commissioners.
This letter is the thorn In the Chief's
Bide. The immbers of the Twinkling Star
C"inpiny are brutally frank In an admls
of their loathsome business. They
. however, that :f the Chief of Police
the Hot Xymphla he must also
her similar resort In the
; city or submit to the natural imputation
Heed in favor of some. And
more than this, to add trouble to the dln
tress of the Chief, the Nymphia outtlt
es Itself to assist the police In every
ble was to close the other houses
drive the inmates away.
This the Chief cannot <10, even If he
ted i" do bo. The Twinkling Star
Company pretends no decency In its prop
n. 'it realizes very thoroughly that
it is in a disgusting business and has
sition to the authorities
y a;-- a club. It maintains that as
long as the traffic in which, through
ts, it has engaged is not legalized,
licensed and conditioned no discrimination
can be shown. This contention would
■ ly no merit were it n'>t for
thai the < Jhief of Police i annot
j close the other establishments which ■•!'-
I iblic as seriously as the Hotel
. Nyrnpl
What the outcome will be Is a matter of
conjecture. The obnoxious hotel may be
. the ground that it is In a bad
. Ition, but the issue t\ 111
never be thoroughly m&t on this basis.
The Chief, with that exquisit<- tact of
risibility from hirnst>: f. la
ilth authorities full swing
■' please, bui whatever they
(in must be by necessity only a temporary
relief. Meai c< nt residents <>t
the d n which the vile hotel is
ted are crying to the police to save
th( m and their children from daily scenes
of flagrant vice.
Health Board Refuses to Act.
Under the protecting wing of the police
j the Board of Health again inspected the
Hotel Nymphia last night. The investi
! gation was thorough and a majority of
rs believe that they have no
power to close the place because of its
tary condition. Dr. Keeney was the
only member who thought th<» place was
unsanitary, and his police affiliations ex
plain his position. His associates In the
I of Health believe that Chief Lees
is trying to evade his own responsibility
and make- catspaws of them, and they
will not submit to the imposition.
The Gasoline Exploded.
Matthew Mertens, 1113 Howard street,
while cooking on a gasoline stove in his
room yesterday afternoon was badly
burner! about the faco and hand? by the
gasoline exploding. He was taken to the.
Receiving Hospital. After he recovers
Captain Comstock of the Fire Under
writers" Patrol will prefer a charge
against him for violating the fire ordin
ance by using gasoline without a permit.
Music in the Park To-Day.
"Ma I >th" Hatton
I S rip, "The Better Land" Cowan
Ballet froiji the opera "Kau.«t"  Gounod
Wiiltz, "Redta <V Amour" Waldteufel
Melodies from the "Serenade" Herbert
Overture, "Berlin in Hmiles and Tears"
Conradi
'luto an.l 'larinnet, "Souvenir Anglais."
Ffute. A. Lrombardq; clarionet, E. W. Kent.
•: n. "Aida" Verdi
in Patrol" Rosey
"Colonel Fred Funston's March" Berry
Warts Shippee Arrested.
Colonel Herman Blennerhasset. whose
daughter Virginia ran off to Sausallto
thri c W( ks ago and married James
Shippee, who it is said has a wife living
in New York, caiicd upon Chief Lees la.st
night and requested the Chief to arrest
hia son-in-law on a charge of bigamy:
Chief Lees advised the irate parent to
swear out a warrant for Shippee's ar
rest.
Swedes Have a Merry Nierht.
A prand concert and ball was piven by
the Swedish Sinking Society at Turn
Verein Hall on Toark street last evening.
The occasion was the celebration of the
three hundred and sixty-fifth anniversary
of the landing of the. Swedes in Delaware.
An excellent musical programme was ren
dered, after which the floor of the bis
hall was cleared, dancing was inaugurated
and continued until .the morning's dawn.
The Supreme Commander.
Mrs. L!}lian M. Holllster, puprrino la^ly
commander of the ladies of the Macca
bees, will arrive in this city from Michi
gan on Wednesday next, so Mrs. Eudoria
Moffat, State commander, was advised by
raph yesterday. The supreme officer
will be tendered a reception by the Lady
Maccabees of this city in one of the large
hulls.
"Weary brains, nervousness, headaches, sleep
lessness quickly cured by Baldwin's Celery
Soda, Mb. __^___^_____
WESTERN TRIP OF
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
He Will Visit the Principal Cities of
Minnesota, South Dakota
and lowa.
OMAHA. Xebr., Sept. 30.— A private
dispatch from Washington received to
day crates that President McKinley has
practically decided upon his itinerary, and
tlmt it includes Sioux Falls, in Eastern
South Dakota. Sioux City, lowa, and
Omaha Prior to the tour east through
lov. a. President McKinley proposes to
make visits to other towns in the Hawk
eye State, but he Is willing to see how
much territory he can cover in the time
set for his visit to the Northwest. In
a general sense the itinerary of his visit
to Minnesota, South Dakota and lowa is
made up, but there are so many gaps in
it which will admit of deflections from
routes now decided upon at the White
House that a run down to Omaha can
easily be made. A dispatch from Sioux
Falls says:
"It is announced here positively that the
President will visit this city."
FOUR INJURED IN A
WRECK AT COOPERSTOWN
Extra Freight Jumped the Track and
the Crew Was Caught in
the Debris.
JAMESTOWN, Sept. 30.— 8y an accident
which occurred on the Sierra Railway
near Cooperstown this morning four train
hands were injured. They are W. Miller,
conductor, left wrist dislocated and body
bruised; Al Crowe, engineer, internal in
juries; Henry McAdams, fireman, internal
injuries; Edward Dolan, brakeman. Inter
nal injuries. Crowe's and McAdams' In
juries are serious, and Dolan's are thought
to be fatal.
The men were the crew of an extra
freight train, the engineer of which was
backing to Cooperstown. It jumped the
track on a bridge and all four were caught
in the wreckage. Passengers for points
below on the regular passenger train were
delayed five hours by the accident.
♦
GENERAL EAGAN WILL NOT
SEEK RETIREMENT
Suspended Commissary of the Army
Denies the Rumors That Have
Been Circulated.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— General Ea
gan, who recently returned from Hawaii
and who has lately been In New York,
was at the War Department to-day call
ing upon friends. To reporters he denied
that he should apply for retirement be
fore reaching the age limit. His friends
say he has hopes for executive or Con
gressional action looking to his restora
tion as Commissary General, from which
position he was suspended on full pay as
the result of his attack upon General
Miles. War Department officials do not
believe such action probable.
IMPROVED TRAIN SERVICE.
Connecting Lines Will Run With the
Southern Pacific.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 30.— The Rio Grande
Western and connecting lines to Chicago,
the Denver and Rio Grande, Roc!" Islana
A FRENCH CAP NESTLES
ON HER POMPADOUR ROLL
gj HERE Is consternation In the ranks of the Palace Hotel chambermaids.
0 |[-^ This morning, without regard to complexion, classical features and the 0
*• other charming attributes of bed-making young- women of the huge »?
0 j^ caravansary, each mother's daughter that wields a feather duster must O
S* blossom out in air the glory of a French cap and huge white apron. '„•
0 The edict went forth on Thursday last. After much mature consideration 0
•5 and deep research the management notified the housekeeper of the swelled i?
0 kink in exclusive chambermaiddom and decided that they must. have it. The 0 i
•5 housekeeper notified her twenty-eight maids and they, without any consider- SS
O atlon at all, said it was "a mean, nasty shame"' and declared- that they O
•* wouldn't. "So there." Then the girls got together and talked "capital and •$
jQj labor," "chambermaid unions," said big • things about "oppression" and the 0
j5 "badge of servitude" and wound up with a philosophic "bide a wee and ' «5
8 you will see." o'/ ■■ -S-'/v:,;. ■''%
A There has been : some talk about a chambermaid strike, but nothing dis- J>
m* astrous thus far, however, .has resulted from the new rule. The girls are too £•
O. occupied as to the "proper set" of the cap and the symmetry-destroying 0
5* properties of the huge apron to do anything definite just at present. "It's a •*
ff badge of .servitude that is offensive to an American girl," they all unite in 0
•-* declaring; but whether or no it can be worn with a "pompadour roll" none j3
£• feel in a position to declare. 8
A "Look' at me nose," said a buxom maid, who gives her attention to the a
%% rooms on the third floor. "It points to heaven. And me .hair is red, and you %%
0.. can't say without falsifying that' I haven't a bit of brogue. And a Frinch cap 0
•* on me. Oh, me! Oh, my! Do you blame me or wonder?" 25
0 "It isn't the cap," said a sweet-faced, dark-eyed fourth-floor chamber- 0
m* maid. "It's the apron! A regular nursegirl's apron. What's the use of hay- '•*
0 ing a figure?" • • $
m' "Oh, those girls make me tired," volunteered the elevator boy, who stood *'
'& by and listened to the girl with the brogue and the girl with the. figure. &
•* "Don't we fellows wear uniforms? Ain't we as good as them girls? The 25
0. management says git brass buttons on your suits and we does. You got to 0
S* mind th-e management.'.' .•
0 The management of the Palace has no reason to offer for the new rule *QJ
g that has so disturbed the chambermaids. Caps and aprons prevail throughout' V
H the East and are worn by the maids in all the fashionable establishments. The < •
A Palace management, sees no reason why the West/should not fall in line with <$
i*, the East, and that as far as they go is all there is to it. £•
0• ■ O
#0.Si0^0;i0%0?iO Si O. ?SOS*O?*O&OSSOS3 '88 OSS O \C<\O\ <y.V S o;£o**o%O\v*;oS
and Burlington, are preparing to put on
a now train to connect with the Southern
Pacific fast trains at Ogden.
The local roads will run a light fast,
train between Ogden and Denver, con
sisting of five or six cars only. No local
stops will be made on the. fast train un
less absolutely necessary.
PERU'S REBELLION ON
VERGE OF COLLAPSE
Revolutionists Are Without Object
and Are Offering to Lay Down
Their Arms.
Special Cable to The Pall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
(lc.n Bennett.
LIMA, Peru, Sept. SO.— President Ro
mana has ordered that the prefect of de
partment. Juhln, who, it is alleged, has
been guilty "1 many abuses and crimes,
shall be tried. This conduct has Increased
President Romana's popularity. The gen
eral sentiment is that the revolution is
without object. The revolutionists are of
fering to lay down their arms If the Gov
ernment will give them a guarantee of
Immunity. Probably in fifteen days more
the revolution will be quashed.
National Guard Election.
STOCKTON, Sept. 30.— The headquarters
of the Sixth Regiment will probably ie
main in Stockton for some years to come.
W. R. Johnson was elected colonel and
Gus G. Grant lieutenant colonel this even
ing, but not without a contest for vne
second position of field officer. The se
lection of Colonel Johnson was . made
unanimous, but it took three votes to de
cide who would wear the lieutenant
colonel's shoulder straps. The vote was
nine for Captain Jones of Fresno to
eleven for Major Grant of this city. The
officers attended the fair at the pavilion
in a body and were serenaded by the
band. I^ater Colonel Johnson banqueted
them at an uptown restaurant.
DRAGGED TO HIS
DEATH BY CAR'S
LACK OF FENDER
Man Roughly Rolled
Twenty Feet.
Electric car Ncx 578 0f .the "Ellis-H
street lino ran over and killed a man saidH
to be Patrick Magulre on Fourth streetl
at the crossing of Stevenson about 10:3(m
o'clock last night. There were about
dozen passengers on the car when theH
killing took place. Many persons wereH
passing, along Fourth street and saw tl>eH
happening. All accounts given by specta-M
tors agree that the victim was drags*
from twelve to twenty feet after the cat-H
struck him. The car had a fender, imtH
it was entirely inadequate to the scrviceH
required of it. Had it been effective there!
would not have been another name to addH
to- the long death roll of the Market-streetM
Railway Company's victims of parsimony!
this morning. The victim was crossing!
Fourth street from the east side, boing!
about on the north line of Su-vi-ii.-ri.nMJ
street. The testimony of bystanders dif-H
fers concerning his sobriety. One sayaH
that ho was drunk; another insists posi-H
tively that he was sober.
E. 1... Young of 235 Third street saw theHJ
whole occurrence. He was standing
the west Fide of Fourth street when thoH
car turned into Fourth street from
ket. According to Mr. Young's story iheHJ
car was not going very fast. The gripmun.H
T. A. Bishop, was. ringing his bell, milH
Mr. Young thought that Bishop 'lid notH
see the man in front of the car crns.stngH
the street. "1 think that the man whoH
was hit was perfectly sober," said Mr.l
Young. "He crossed the street slowly,
and perhaps he did not hear the ! >•'!!.■
There was no other vehicle coming nlongH
just then, and I heard the bell very wi'll.H
1 was horrified when the accident tookH
place. The man who was struck went!
down at once. He rolled and was dragged!
about the width of Stevenson street bo-!
fore the car could be stopped. As soon - ts
the gripman felt the shock of the rolli-H
sion he put on the brakes as hard as
could. After being dragged the man wont!
under the fender and the front
one or both, went over him. He made no
noise that 1 heard after he was struck."
William Hartnutt, who lives at 118 Sixth
street, was also standing opposite the
spot where the accident took place. He
says that he first noticed the unfortunate
man coming across Fourth street He did
not come from Stevenson street. Judging
from the direction he was first taking, he
had been in a saloon, and he staggi red
The bell on the electric car was ringing.
Hie motorman put on the brakes hard
just before the car struck him. "After
he was struck he was rolled and drugged
before he went under the fender. Then
one wheel of the car went over him .mil
the weight of the car rested upon him and
the car Had to be pushed back to get him
out. He made no noise after he went
down, which makes me think that he
was stunned. He acted to me like an old
man."
T. O. Tormish of 110 Congress street
Sunnyside. Joseph Allen of 106S Howard
street. Tr.m Nolan of ili> Pore street and
A. May of the Hancock House all saw th"
accident. They agree very well on the
very essential point that the fender was
not effective.
After the accident the police took the
victim to the Receiving Hospital He was
dead when he got there and was proba
bly dead when he was taken from under
the car. His body was carried to the
Morgue.
An hour after the accident the motor
man and the conductor of the car were
arrested. Bishop, the motorman, was
charged with manslaughter. His story of
the happening is that he gave the warn
ing bell, but it was not heard. He tried
his best to stop, but could not in time
although he claims that he was running
at a low rate of speed. The fender ac
cording to his version, pushed the victim
aside, but turned him under the car step
and he was then cut by one of the wheels.
The conductor had nothing to say
The only means of identification" found
on the person of the dead man was a
key ring inscribed "Patrick Magulre, San
Francisco, Cal.," and a Grand Army but
ton. One arm was slightly crippled".
"Advice," said T'ncle Eben, "is hahd to
manage. If you gives it away you doesn'
git no benefit, an' if you sells it you's
gwin?ter spile de quality tryin' to please
customers." — Washington Star.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . , '
r —-_ — 1 _^_ -p.
£ j So LO.
Cotl'tNGQ O/L CO V . y— ..uiiJL—^— l-. -.* .^^^-^
| 77/ £ /A/i/fSrMf*r O/L Col .1
• • # • §♦ ■ /SO Ac«c& § [
_ •• .• A'Hotis O/L. Co.
LotjL/'VG-ft « ./ . „ .... .
OtL Co * BLUF Goos£
6 5 0 plicuy. ? so * 6/ < **« <*"}
706Bb?0 • ♦ '40 q 36?<i £** <&*>
/>** <£ y yj o 2 /
" S otico • .S£LMQO't co row/a ~
Snrr* oK? ™£f/%£ „Ma rOXL O/C Cc
ptICC G.l£f,?£sv7' Oft- CO
1 C/7i/fOW4 — ■■
. Q/L&.BMC\ I 1 • J
__ - — — —ri —^/^"*^ M^ M *^ M "^S*S^- —
INVESTMENT OIL, CO.
UNPRECEDENTED OPPORTUNITY TO BUY
Limited amount stock at 93.00 in the center of the Big Coallnga developed district,
adjoining- the FAM£>S, section 20, which is now producing about 4500 barrels dally. Home
Oil Company, stock worth $5000 share and none for sale, pays $200 per month dividend. No
taking risk to prospect, as map shows only got to bore and get a big well. Then your
stock will be as valuable as Home Oil Company.. Ample means set apart for .developing.
Not a single assessment expected. Title perfect. COMPANY UNQUESTIONABLE. Work
already commenced. For full particulars and prospectus address
JOE D, BIDDLE, Gen'l. Agt., 20 Montgomery Street.
Notify us If you wish some one to call on you.
oi«
he!
I _ ,
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
I Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by James Gor-
I don Bennett. .
PARIS, Sept. 30.— General de Gallifet,
says the Figaro, has just obtained the
signature of the President to a decree in-
Etltuting a most important reform in the
French army. Hitherto nominations for
promotion of colonels or officers of a
higher rank in the French army, or for
promotion in the Legion of Honor, have
been made by commission. In the fu
ture the selection of officers for promo
tion will be in the hands of the Minister
of War, who is responsible to the Gov
ernment alone. In a report accompany
ing the decree which he submitted to his
colleagues at a Cabinet council held yes
terday General de Gallifet stated in his
usual plain, straightforward language his
reasons for the proposed reforms.
Nominations by commission and coun
cil, he says, practically impose upon the
Govornnu-'nt of the republic appointments
which it assumes responsibility with
|out having any choice in the matter. It
to complete the abandonment of its
|powf-rs on the part of the Government,
|which is merely executor of the will of a
|commission, composed of a few general
|oliicors who are not responsible to Par-
MJli;im>-nt. ' ' ■
In the eyes of those officers who rightly
|hope to attain the highest positions in the
■nriny the Government and the Minister of
|Wur are nothing; the Commission Su
|prcme de Classement is everything. This
contrary to all the rules of logic and
Hi'ni(if'iic>'. No parallel can be found in
|iiny other French Ministry or in any other
country. Any Minister of War who has a
proper appreciation of his duties and re-
Kponsibilities will refuse to exercise, his
functions under such conditions.
The decree, the keynote of which is
contained in the passage that the Minister
■of War alone decides the appointments
to be submitted at the council of Mln
|isters for the signature of the President
I ' l ' the republic, was signed by General
ll.h'ii.. : yesterday, and will appear in the
Journal Olliciel this morning.
In order to prove to the heads of the
Barmy that this regulation is not intended
H.:- a piece of special policy, but based on
solid reasons, General de Gallifet, says
|the Figaro, has decided not to put it into
fore- until all outstanding promotions
have been ratified.
CHANGES IN THE
FRENCH ARMY
Genera! de Gallifet's Re-
commendations.
TOMASINI'S SUCCESSOR
H. M. Le Baron Appointed on the
State Dairy Bureau.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 30.— H. M. Le Ba
ron has been appointed a member of the
State Dairy Bureau, to succeed L. Tom
asini, deceased. Mr. Le Baron is a mem
ber of the Assembly and a director of the
California Dairy Association. His home
is at Valley Forge, Sonoma County.
FIRE AT COLUSA.
The Handsome Residence of E. C.
Peart Destroyed.
COL.UBA, Sept. 30.— The residence of E.
C Peart was destroyed by fire to-night.
The loss is $20,000; insurance $9000. The
fire was caused by a defective flue.
McKenzie's Trial.
SUISUN, Sept. 30.— The prosecution
in the McKenzie murder trial has
nearly completed its case. The court
adjourned this afternoon to next Tues
day. This morning's session was spent
in an inspection of McKenzie's state
ment at the Coroner's inquest. T. L.
Hayman, foreman of the Coroner's
jury; E. N. Hotell, J. F. Wilson and P.
H. Lennon, also members of the jury,
were called to give testimony regarding
McKenzie's statement to the jury.
These witnesses were called by the
prosecution because of errors found In
the transcript of McKenzie's statement
by the defense. So far the case has de
veloped nothing new or sensational, but
the prosecution still hopes, by linking
different circumstances, to prove Mc-
Kenzie's guilt.
Mrs. Langley Found.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. SO.— Mrs. May
Langley of San Francisco, who disap
peared on last Wednesday after reaching
Reilondo from the north on a coasting
steamer, and who has been the oh.i
search by relatives and police officials,
has been located. Chief Glass has been
Informed that her trunk has been shipped
from Barstow to Johannesburg, the well
known mining town, and that she is now
in that place. Her husband, who has
BREAKS UP
Caught while lingering
at the seashore or mountains, without
proper wraps, not realizing the danger
until seized by a chill or shiver; then
it's too late, unless you have a bottle
of "77" at hand and take a quick dose.
It immediately restores the checked
circulation, starts the blood coursing
through the veins, and the danger is
passed. Keep a bottle of '77" handy;
it just fits the vest pocket.
"77" cures Hay Fever — Summer Grip.
For sale by all druggists, or sent on receipt
of price, 25c and $1 00.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co., cor-
, nor William and John sts., New York.
Killed by a Horse.
CHICO, Sept. 30.— While John Bardan
was harnessing a team early this morn-
Ing one of the horses kicked him in thn
face, killing him instantly. Banian waa
4H years old and leaves a widow and three
children.
haunted the police station for many <Iny«,
has also disappeared. Chief Glass is not
prepared to say whether her husband baa
followed her to Johannesburg or ha.* r- -
turned to 25 Whiting- street, San Fran
cisco.
Speaking of modf-sty, we once heard of
a left-handed girl who wore her enßa.s^
ment ring on her right hand.— Detroit
Journal.
AD VERTISEME2TT S.
I Illllu
Rupture, '•.•'; Hydrocele,
blood Disease. Kidney Disease,
Rheumatism. Madder Disease,
Catarrh. ' Spine Disease,
Premature Decay, Liver Disease,
Nervous Debility, Heart Disease.
Tumors. Skin Disease.
Private Diseases, Stomach Disease,
bczsma. Cancer, Eye Disease,
Sleeplessness, Ear Disease,
Neuralgia, Lung Disease.
Hemorrhoids. Rectal Disease,
Varicocele, Piles.
I GUARANTEE CURES IN ALL
CASES ACCEPTED.
I am the longest established specialist in the
West. ■;'•"-/
I have the most scientific and complete med-
ical and surgical institute on the Pacific Coast.
I positively cure more people than all other
specialists combined. I stand ready to prove
the truth of this assertion, and challenge Its
contradiction.
DISEASES OF WOMEN.
I take special pride in the success which has
attended my efforts In the treatment of dis-
eases of women. Permanent and satisfactory
cures in ailments produced by abnormal or un-
natural conditions of the female organs, pain-
ful menstruation, irregularities, barrenness, In-
flammation, hysteria, pain in the back and
loins, neuralgia, dullness of vision, bearing
down and other complaints which often result
in great prostration and nervousness. My
mode of treatment for diseases of women,
which includes static, faradlc and galvanic
electricity, is superior to that of any other
specialist in America.
Electricity in all its various forms adminis-
tered in connection with the purest of medi-
cines.
REFERENCEsVaH the leading
banks and business houses.
TO PATIENTS WHO LIVE
AT A DISTANCE.
A personal visit is always to be preferred
but for those who are unable to call I have de-
veloped a system of home treatment, which Is
entirely successful, by means of which thou-
sands who are unable to call at the office have
been cured at home. To all applicants by mail
for treatment I send In plain envelope a care-
fully prepared list of questions, which, when
filled out and returned. I am able to correctly
diagnose the case and prescribe treatment,
which will be guaranteed to cure. No Incur-
able cases taken.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
Offices: 737 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Office hours— a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to I
p. m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Any Oculist
Will Tell
You we are careful and competent to fit becom-
ing glasses without slip, tilt or waver with the
new clip; 50 cents. _:■;;:;
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
OPTICIANS >p HnT SPH' c/ipPARAT W.
r*n n rnoiu« n Scientific s
642 Market st. instrument
unem CMOmCLt BuuOi»b
IJEADQDARTERS ~0-o*o*o-o*o
o
° For tourists, travelers, societies ♦
4 and associations that visit San, o
0 Francisco. ♦
o" PALACE AND ♦
* GRAND HOTELS. ♦
4 , ;^- ...,_... O
* The accommodations, cuisine, service $'
: and location make these hotels desirable o
* for transient and permanent guests, i
9 Rates on application. *
* JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. °
Manager. 4
t o
o-»-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-«-o -•■ o-«-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-«:
78
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
...FALL, 1899...
mmaE J~TL Mom/ Mas* m EW? ZS* mm m
LACE DEPARTMENT.
UPIR' HANMFRCHFFFS!
OPENING OF SPECIAL NOVELTIES.
HEMSTITCHED EMBROIDERED SHEER LINEN ranging from 25c
; to $9.00 each.
SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LINEN, 25c upward to
$15.00 each.
LACE EDGED and EMBROIDERED SHEER LINEN, starting from
25c up to .*>.%. 00 i ach.
LADIES' PLAIN HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS.
Uf, 3-16, M. and •'; inch Hem, extra values, at lOc. 12% c, 15c, 20c,
'27>i\ ;'.r, • and .'."«• each.
FRENCH HAND EMBROIDERED SHEER LINEN HANDERCHIEFS.
Hemstitched and Scalloped Edges; from 2*1. 00 up to $15.00 each.
nniiS7'T?ATnr'^7' T7r^/lL? rTMTC extra
1 WKi« \ V-h 8 VK ftyriiAi i \ SPECIAL
JL vv JUtl* JL I 1 1 VIU \ji-tl\ L KJ» value.
1000 dozen LADIES' FINE LINEN HANDERCHIEFS, in Plain
Hemstitched, initialed; Embroidered !n ■■ stitched. Embroidered, Scal-
loped or Lace !■:•;.■■. sß£cla.l value at 5J5.00 per dozen.
CITY OF PARES DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Ccrncr Geary and Stockton Str9st3, San Fr&noisoo.
c o in e~ u fk f? e .
MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
Fiirnififrp ■ RarnptQ'
HIJB Slliili 0 < t e osjJyiys
JUST ARRIVED-
A Ccmplete Assortment of Latest Designs In
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc.
Estimates Giver, on Complete House Furnishing.
l/.bera'i credit extended to responsible pan -
Inspection of stock cordially InvitPd Kr»-o
delivery Oakland. AUimp-.'.i and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
AROX.'SON FURNITURE COMPANY.
338-340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND FOWELU
Opposite Uniou Square.
Telephone Main ISiO.
BOTH YACHTS
PRACTICALLY
IN SHAPE
Columbia and Shamrock Re
ceive Final Polishing :o~
the Race.
■-: itrh toTh« Oan
■ NEW YORK. Sept "o.— Because of the
■welcome to . Admiral Dewey. the two
yachts that will, battle, for International
laurels during next- we.<=-k were visited' by
comparatively few sightseers to-day. The
crew ■•.'' the Columbia e'oiriplei d the task
of cleaning the under; body of the yacht
and spent- the;, greater .part of. the day
jointing her- top .Fides:; ...This work was"
performed with the greatest care. After
the chlorV.was v .applied: it was rubbed
unrinth with water and th^n with pumice-
Htotie. - Afterward the men went over the
rritirefml! with cotton waste and removed
any patlcles of. pumice-stone that adhered
tn Hip metal :or paint. Piiggrers in the
meanwhile were Ht work fitting a brass
cap mi the topmast in order to facilitate
raising and low* ring the spar.
During the afternoon all the woodwork
and Interior fittings of the craft were
taken ashore and a big- iron crane lifted
the littiiiKs. pieces of. canvas and other
paraphernalia out ill a big box, which was
afterward stored In a storehouse.
Mr. Iselin was at the navy-yard during
the greater part of the day and showed
tome friends over the yacht. A rumor
"was in circulation durinp the evening that
the Columbia will be measured in Erie
basin alongside the Shamrock on Monday
Instead of In the navy yard dry dock a's
previously reported.
Owing to the strictness that prevails
relative to passes few persons • (sited the
yacht in her dock, but at Erie basin
Where a view of the Shamrock could b<s
obtained without the formality of yards
of red tape, rnauy visitors gazed at the
Irish boat and commented on her ap
pearance. The crew there was also finish
ing up the polishing process to which the
yacht's underbody had been subjected. It
Bhone like gold In the afternoon Bunshina
and formed a pleasing contrast to her
green topsides.
The work of overhauling 1 the yacht is
about completed, the last thing being "to
put an extra strut on th*> mast in order
partly to relieve the strain of the heavy
Kay. This strut was bolted in place dur
ing the afternoon about fifteen feet below
Hie auxiliary spreaders, and a stay v.-as
then passed over it. leading from the
masthead to tbo deck, wnere it sets up
with a mbucßle.
Captain Hogarth said that the usual
Scotch Sabbath .would be ''observed on
the Sham rock i and that the yacht would
lie floated from the dock early Monday
morning preparatory to being measured
by Mr. Hyslop.
THE HOLLY HANDICAP.
Stake Feature at Gravescnd Easily-
Won by Hammock.
NT W ".YORK. Sept. The- Holly han
dicap for thre€°-yeaj>oldH nnd the ■ dental
handicap for all ages were the F-take feat
ures for the last <^;iy of tlic Gravesend
meeting. In the former Samaritan was
made jmst favorite at 3 to V. heavily
backed from 6 to '. He was never a fac
• tor; hoTwfcvfcr. M ntai went to the front.
J»ui in Uio • ;;••:'•!! llatiimoc-k challenged
Montanic and aft^r a hard dri\ie through
■ TEETH: FILLED up. !
: PIATFS "THAT FIT"
■♦■ BSfl W. I .- -^ffl We hay? the best plate- "t
•*■ ,^f^^*^' a J worker on this coast. ♦
mi* : J®a Painless Extraction t Specialty.
♦ B&^sfl (Electricity, Gas or Chloroform 1 . 1
DR. T. S. HIGGINS, \
mSm^rW^ 8<27 Market Street, *
♦• :- : - ! Over Cafe Zthkand. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Buswell Paent Co.
r^ANUFACTUKERS
Color M^S^
Card AR °iS^lw^Q:iS3
Booklet W^m^^
Sent Free A _\ f|'
Money Back If raJ^^SSMy B B "
you don't like it jj^f~f^^ : ;[ PER CAL
710 7 16 ( Market f
Broadway grgfj^'*'*^ San
Oakland "taifc^Li^s^ Franciscc
If your painter or dealer can not furnish th
BUSWELL PAIWTS
I th" lr<=t sixteenth won by a neck. The
Oriental handicap proved little more than
a walkover for imp. Charentus was tlip
only other starter and was never nearer
than two lengths to the black mare. She
galloped home in the fast time of 2:07 "-">
• ! ,its:
' About six furloncs— Modrine won. I>lle of
I Memphfs!f=ec6nd, I.«'Mor third. Time,' 1:11.
Handicap (steeplechase, about two and a halt
i mlle.«— llarschnn won. Van Ship jeeontl, Baby
Bl!l J third. Tiir.c. 4:54 4-:..
The l:c!ly handicap, v •> and a half rurlonga
— Hamnvck won. Montanic second, Mayor Gll
roy third. Time. l:0S 4-5.
• Oriental handicap, mile ar.ri a quarter- Imp
won. Charpntus second. Time. 2:07 3-5.
Five furlongs, selling— Punblane won, Star
""liiinp second, Eileen Daly third. Time,
1:02 n-'.. • '■• .
Mile nrd an eighth. «="l!ina:— Hardly won.
j Maxima pornez second. Our Nellie third. Time,
1:55 1-;.. -... .
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Sept 30.— The fifth
] annual meeting of the Louisville Driving
| and Fair Association came to a close to-
I day. Only one stake event was on the
[.card, the Falls City trot for 2:15 class,
j Which was easily won In straight heats
jhy Valpa. owned and driven by Roy Mil i
.of Macon. < la. R. suits:
! ' "'l* trot, purso $1000— Monterey won ■in
I straight heats. Time, 2:11, 2:093 i. I)r. Leek
v.-ip second and Battleton third. Louis F.
Slack, Oarcella and Success also started.
-2:or< pace, purse $1000— Split Silk won the first
ami third heats. Time. 2:08^, 2:11. Aunty
Chucks wen the second h^at in 2:oS'i and was I
second. Jersey Mac third. Fannie Dtllanl;
Bellboy, i:.\p!oit. • Attanttc King. Fairview,
51oroni.il oik! Little Thorn also started.
2:14 tret, rur^e S«'>— Phoebe Childera won in
straight : heats! Time, i.lihi. -:;■< Medium
"Wood was sfcond and irrie Shields third
IVino'lle, Pilot Kvans and Flei-twood aiso
»;t:irt«d. .
I i The Falls City «rak». 2:13 class trotters value
I $20fMi— VMlpa won In straight. heats Time
2:Wi?-. t . 2:30. Hilda second, The Queen third, Kl
lert fourth. Josephine Pixon. Royal Baron
Cutting, Miss Bligo arid Prince of India al*o
stnrled.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.— Track heavy at Harlem
Results:
Mile and Beventy yards. Pfllinp— The Bond
, man w..n. Pay the Fiddler second, Hold Vp
' third. Time, 1 :. r ,2.
I Five and :• half furlongs— Maud Wallace wnn
L«dford Becond, Kvia <i< »r third. Tim*'
, 1 : 1 1 '..i .
I MIIp and a sixteenth- : I !nint::in won Bonne
i villp second, Kimr Bermuda third Tlnv
Six furlongs, handicap Sly won, Moroni 5..
--j ond. .Tim Gore II third. Tim* 1 17
Mile and a quarter. Belling— Rollina won. An
r..w:ir. Becond. Ytiba Dam third. Time ! 14
■ mile, selling— Tappan won. I ■,_.]
find, Intriguer third. Time. 1:47.
Highland Park Opening.
DETROIT, Sept. 30.-The Highland Park
Club's fall meeting of i^hteen days was lnau
guarated at the Windsor track this afternoon.
But two favorites won, Corrlalls, In the last
race, and Ennomla in the seven and a half
furlong event. Results:
Six furlong's— Alice Farley won. Oakmald
second, Quaver third. Time 1:15% ■
Mile and a sixteenth. selllng-Knnomla won.
Prince of India second. Rena Campbell third
1 line, i:49-..
Five rurlonga— Eloim won. Shrove Tuesday
Becond, Grumble third. Time, in; *
Seven and a. half furlongs, selling—
third TJroe Pr % 18 :^- '''" '' Snap '" r
; Five and a half furlongs. s>ellln&-John
Boons won, L*la : B . second, Manzanlta third.
Tlme*i ]i.
. Five and » ' half . furlongs, selling—Cor
rialls won. ■ Brulare second, Bloodhound third
Time, l:0S'/6. '
Flew the Shamrock's Flap
NEA\ YORK, Sept. 30.-The Gunard
steamor Campania arrived at quarantine
to-day, flying the Shamrock flag of Sir
Thomas L.ipioa.:" Among: her passengers
were Admiral Charles and Lady Beres
ford. who are. cqminfr. to join Sir Thomas
Upton as guests on ilie yacht Erin They
>yill remain on board the yacht during
the yacht races.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1. 1899.
PILOTS OF THE GRAND GOLDEN JUBILEE
W. A. BONTNGE, Grand Master.
THE group of portraits represents the officers of the executive committee that
has charge of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of Odd Fellowship in Cali
fornia. The date of the Institution of the first lodge, California No. 1. was
September 9, 1849. and It was at first decided that the celebration should be
held on Admission day of this year, but in view of the fact that on that day there
were so many other organizations which were to celebrate, particularly the Native
Sons of the Golden West and the Society of California Pioneers, It was decided to
have the celebration during the week that the Grand Encampment of the State is
to hold its annual Bession. An outline of the details of the celebration has al
ready been published In The Call. It is expected Hint during that week there will
be about fifteen thousand strangers In the city, Odd Fellows and relatives.
At the meeting of the executive committee of the Golden Jubilee held last night
the literary committee reported that It had decided on the following programme of
exercises at the Pavilion:
Wednesday. October IS— The Park band will In the evening render the following
selections: "Castalade March," "J,a Vanneise," "The Iron King," "Grand March
to the Sunset Land." "Marjory" and "On the Day Dewey Comes Home," to be
followed by the overture of "Orpheus"; Introductory remarks, M. T. Moses, chair
man of the committee; invocation, Rev. E. R. Dille, grand chaplain; " "Hs the
MRS. DKLL. C. SAVAGE. Vice President.
Eight of the Executive Officers of the Odd Fellows' Big Fete.
DEWEY AT BREAKFAST
ON THE SANDY- HOOK
.M-,v. rUKIv, 3U.- in' admiral.
Mayor Van VVyck and Senator elect De
pew partook of breakfast together In th^
main saloon ol th< Sandy Hook. The ad
miral \\;is quite absteminous, drinking
only- a little Bouillier and declining h
dg tr W it! i ■-•law Reid was cordially re
ceived by the admiral Sir Thomas
Lipton. Rear Admiral Schh 5 . who was on
board with Rear Admiral Philip, was also
v rmlj greeted by the u<iiniia!, and they]
swap] stories.
Admiral Dewey greeted Governor Mc
iiiliin ol very cordially and '
said ht- li.id a good Btory to tell him. "It's I
about one ol your boys. During '>n < * of |
the land battles outside of Manila one <«r |
thr Tennessee rsgimenta was engaged In
skirmishing. Ons of your soldiers had
been shoi al twice by a Filipino, and both
shots miss-iiiK Bre the Tenn< s be- I
cam< disgusted a 1 tho poor marksmanship
of the Filipino arid ran over to him and
gave him a good spanking, savins. N.iw
me and bi good.' "
Speaking of the honors which had hocn \
showered upon him, Admiral Dewej said;
"It's a grand thin,; when a f, r rr-at city l!k-> I
New Y.ik stops w.irk fur two days to do I
honor to one man."
DEWEY TOO TIRED TO
ATTEND THE "SMOKER"
NEW voric. Rent. ».— Admiral Dewey
was very tired at the end of the parade.
He wi.s driven at once to the residence
of Manager Bojdt of the Waldorf- Vsto
ria, escorted by Squadron A and accom
panied by Mayor van Wyck. He dined
with his lieutenants, Brumby and <'ald
well. Admiral Dewey did not attend th-
"smoker." il<- was feeling too fatigued
in leave his* apartments and retired at
10:15 o'clock.
At 9 o'clock to-morrow the admiral will
receive the ('lik'hk 11 delegation and will
the members of his family. Some
tlni.' during the morning he will, if his
■• ■• nt plans do not change, go for a
drive.
WHEN FARQUHAR WILL
SUCCEED SAMPSON
WASHINGTON. Sept. SO.— The North
Atlantic squadron will sail from New
York next Wednesday for Hampton
Roads, arriving there next day. Admiral
Sampson will haul down his Hag on the
New Yuik there and Admiral Farquhar
will assume the command of the squad
ron on the 14th of October. The ships
will stay in the Roads until that dat<- and
probably a few daya later, in order to
; allow the new commander in chief timo
to draw up his plans for the winter
maneuvers. Some of the ships require
•more or loss extensive repairs, and this
will delay the execution of anj lar^( pro
gramme until well along toward spring.
OLYMPIA TO GO TO
BOSTON FOR REPAIRS
WASHINGTON, R<-'pt. 30.— Dewey's flag
ship Ol>-mpia will leave Xw York next
'.rhnrsd;!\ for the Boston navy yard.
Where stu> will 1»> placed out of conimis
s(on and undergo repairs. An Interesting
coincidence i.*-; that Naval. Constructor
Baxter, who superintended the construc
tion of the Olympia at San Francisco,
will have charge of repairing her ;it Bos
ton. It Is estimated that it will taU" one
year and cost S9AWO to make the neces
■pairs.
OLYMPIA'S MEN WILL
GO TO WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Sept 30.— The Navy
Department has arranged to have 250 of
the Olympiads men take :i special train
for Washington on thf Pennsylvania road
at Jersey City at 9:15 next Monday nighi
rhey will come in tourist sleepers, which
will be their headquarters while tney are
In Washington, and will '.rave the Tiif^
day following for New Fork.
Incredible— "Franklin,!' said Jefferson
as they sat sipping cool drinks in the
Patriots Club over the river, "I sre the
PhiTadelphians have Riven yon a statue "
"So BOOn as this?" queried the sace in
surprise.— Philadelphia North American.
"The minister." observed the church
member, as if the idea hart just occurred
to him; "can take a vacation, but Satan
never takes a vacation." "True." replied
tin other church meml>er:"bin Satan c-.in
stand the hont a Rreat deal better than
the minister."— Puck.
H. S. JONES. President.
MRS. HELEN M. CARPENTER. Vice Pres.
AMONG THE CRICKETERS.
The cricket i hampiona of last year will
meet the California eleven to-day on
ill- grounds at Alameda. Is will be a keen
struggle, for if th.c Alamedas should de
feat the 'Californias .-tni] the Pacifies
should win from the Californias on the
following Sunday the number >4' points
scored by the Alameda 'and California
clubs i"i the pennani for 1899 would be
equal. It. thai case a deciding match be
tween the Alameda and California elevens
would iK necessary to determine the
championship. All the Sundays In Octo
ber after the Bth being <>p>n. there will be
plenty of opportunity to play off the tip.
Before th,e season closes tne Californlaa
will take a team to Santa Cruz and will
try com luslons with Uie Country Club
there.
'1 hi Alam< da t< :tra will be as
follows: J. J. Moriarty (captain), .1. H.
Saunders, V. Seebeck, !•'. J. (.'roll, 11.
Bird. H. Ward Jr., .1. .1. R. I'eel, \v. <;.
Fortmann, G. Hellmann, F.. Stahl and P.
E. McLean. <;. .1. Baugh, if present, will
take the place of one <>i th>' above eleven.
The California representatives will be
chosen from the following: E. <;. Sloman,
Arthur Dickenson, W. Reeves, L. Schroe
der, I. .1. Thomas, F. M. Gunn, W. Au.-.
brey Fortescue, i:. P. Ritchie, A. Willis.
<;. c. Farrell, W. S. Kobortson, E. J.
Loughman and C. 11. Sinjrl<ton.
Crickei riubs are increasing in mim
ln-r in Hi.' northern p;irt of-thfi State. The
Santa Cruz Club was formed during tho
present season, and a little while ago a
club was organized :*\ Sacramento. A club
bus been formed In Oakland, and recently
the cricketers <>f Grass Valley have or
ganized and have elected the ffllowliif?
officers: President, J. J. Jackson; secre
tary, .). E. Carr; captain, R. Jeffries; as
slstant captain, J. James; treasurer. B.
Foss. The members are practicing regu
larly and v.ill play against teams from
Sacramento and Penryn before the season
closes. Besides those mentioned the Grass
Valley t.-am will include the llu.ll broth
ers, Shmpj;-. Baker, Gilbert, Eddy, broth
ers of Assistant Captain James and Treas
urer Foss, and men from Sutter Cre<?k
and Colorado.
The n;i iii's of W. Aubrey Fortescue and
Albert Case have been added to the mem
bership of the California Club.
Democratic Campaign Opened.
HAMILTON. Ohio. Sept. 30.— Butler
County is the banner Democratic county
of Ohio and the Democratic State cam
paign was most auspiciously opened here
to-day with John R. McLean and his as
sociates on the State ticket and many
other leading Democrats as the speakers.
The weather favored the outdoor demon
strations and the meetings during the
afternoon, but the cool air called for a
hall at night.
Improved Order of Red Men.
A dispatch from Washington announces
j that the Great Council of the United
State? at its reoent session decided on the
I establishment of a National Red Men's
| Journal, to be published under the di
rection of the board of great chiefs. The
I next session of the Council will be held
in Milwaukee.
Bald Eagle Tribe on lnst Monday night
gave a smoker to its members, who had
a Jolly good time. Great Chief of Records
; Bites was present and gave a short talk.
Lnst week Great Junior Sa?amnrc
Holder ami Gnat chief nf Records Bliss
trailed to the wigwam of Carquinez Tribe
at Crockett, where there was held an
opr-n council meeting for the benefit of the
palefaces of that locality. Sachem A.
\v. Jones, w. K. Walker, X. Demartinl
I and Clarence 11. Kent were the pro
moters of the affair, which was a very
! successful one There were interesting
tali..-- on the order by the visitors.
I.aci Wednesday the sachem of Qshonee
Tribe tendered his resignation, and the
other ofli'-cre were promoted.
Alfarata Connpil give a pleasant social
i;i it^ wigwam 'ruit Friday night., at which
i there were present jnany friends of the
. membership.
Yosemlte Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas will visit Wenonah Council
of Sacramento on the occasion of the
j offi.-ial vi^it of the great chiefs, and a
t<am of the visiting council will ex
emplify the adoption degree.
Next Wednesday ;< team from Modoc
! Tribe will visit the tribe in West Oak
-1 land and exemplify the adoption degree
\ on ten candidates.
Knights of Honor.
I To-morrow night Anchor Lodge will
consolidate with Liberty Lodge. The idea
I of the grand officers is that it is better
to have lodges with a small membership
consolidate with those having a large one,
! and fewer lodges with a good representa
tive membership. •-:?
During the latter part of the week
i Grand Distator Archibald and Grand Re
porter Johnstone were in Salinas on a
visit to Fremont Lodge, recently insti
tuted there.
Advancer) made on >jrnlture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.tir— >— «. IM7-MH Mission.
KARL C. BREUCK, Vice President.
Wedding Morning." by twelve voices; address on "Odd Fellowship. Its Alms
and Attainment?." W. A. Bonynge, grand master of California; address, "San Fran
cisco's Greeting," Mayor Phelan; soprano solo. Miss Millie Flynn; original poem,
Robert H. Taylor, first noble grand of California Lodge No. 1; "Robin Hood," or
chestra; "Odd Fellowship in California, Its Institution and Development," Morris
M. Estee, past grand representative; ballad. Miss Millie Flynn; "California Odd
Fellowship Xow and Henceforth," Karl C. Brueck, past grand master; "Forty
nine," song by twelve voices; grand Instrumental concert by the Park band; musical
director, Martin Schultz.
The parade will be on the 19th and will embrace the features that have already
been announced in The Call.
Thursday. October 19, evening— Military dress parade in the Pavilion by the can
tons of the Patriarchs Militant; competitive drill by the cantons for a $400 trophy
and $100 cash for the first prize and $150 for the second prize; exhibition and dis
play drill by the cantons; exhibition and display drill by the Rebekah Drill Corps.
Friday, October 20— Excursion and picnic at El Campo; excursion to top of
Mount Tamalpais. Evening— Grand ball In the Pavilion. During the evening there
will be a military dress parade and review and awarding of prizes to the Patri
archs Militant for competitive drill.
U. S. G. CLIFFORD, Secretary.
VICTIMS OF YELLOW JACK.
JACKSON". Miss.. Sept. 30.— Two n<-w
of yellow fever and one death are
shown by reports here to-day. Mrs. C.
I. Waite, wife i>r the cashier of the F : rst
National Bank, died to-day. The record
to date is ten cases :m<l four deaths.
Appointment for W. S. Lyon.
LOS ANGELES, Sent. 30.— W. S. J^von
HEALTH AND STRENGTH.
DR. MEYERS & CO., the Old, Reliable, Time-Tried
Physicians, Are Still the Leading Specialists
for All Diseases and Weakness of Men.
.0* 'It is the rankest sort of folly to imagine that a weakness <S
X or an ailment will get well without proper treatment. It is y
<Oi • both dangerous and expensive to treat with inexperienced X
§ doctors or to attempt to cure yourself with free trial treat- o
X. ments, patent medicines, electric belts or other dangerous V
O - stimulants. 5
V ■ For more than eighteen years DR. MEYERS & CO. have X
V been successful in curing and strengthening men. They ' are 8 :
X known far and near as "The Old. Reliable, Time Tried %
gj Specialists." They have built up the largest practice In i o
5 America by curing their patients. v
X DR. MEYERS & CO. have their own private laboratory. £*
v stocked with the best, most effective and purest remedies X
X which money can buy and rare judgment select. They make <j>
X no charge for medicines or appliances. Their business motto is y
I NO fA V TILL CURED. I
8 O
g Patients may either place the money in a bank, payable to %
• 8 . DR. MEYERS & CO. after cure is effected, or may "pay in *j
]? ■ monthly installments. Prices reasonable alike to rich and $
•£ poor. • Consultation and advice, also private book, free at 3
$ office or by mail. Home cures a specialty. Letters confidential. S
| DR. MEYERS & CO. CURE Nervous Debility. |
% Stricture, Rupture, Tumors, Varicocele, Private |
•§ Diseases, Cancer, Sleeplessness, Rheumatism, Kid- |
% ney and Bladder Diseases, Spine Diseases. Liver |
'% Diseases, Heart Diseases, Blood Diseases; Skin |
« Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Eye and Ear Diseases, g
g Lung 1 Diseases, Rectal Diseases. . g
DR. MEYERS & CO.
A STAFF OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED 18 YEARS.
O 1 Market Street, elevator i Hoors-s to 5 Daily.
# i^p M c ■ •«- -.■■■■ CNTDmurc ! Sundays— 9 toll.
M KJF M San Francisco. ENTRANCE. j Byenings— 7 to 8.
J. W. HARRIS, Vice President.
GEORGE T. SHAW, Treasurer.
of this city has been advised by the
United States Agricultural Department of
his appointment as statistician of the
Department of Horticulture and Agricul
ture for thf State of l alifornin. Mr.
Lyon leaves fer Washington at once.
Door Factory Burned.
DUL.UTH. Minn.. Sept 30.— The plant of
D. E. Holston <fc Co., manufacturers of
sash, doors and blinds, burned to-day;
loss, 1125,000; insurance, JI7JOOO.
I . ADVERTISEMENTS.
' I Was Fat,
> • ' : :■ ' • ■ -T s
Now i Am Lean.
Dp. Edison's Obesity Pills and
Obesity Salts— 2o Years' Test.
Best and Safest; Never Injures
the Health. -
Gives Strength and Health, While
Reducing Flesh.
We Offer $100.00 in Gold to Any
One Who Can Prove That These
Testimonials Are i\'ot Genuine.
Mr. James Rhind. 421 W. SSth .St., N. Y.
• j City, lost -1 pounds on a month's treat-
ment.
> Mr. C. B. Brady. 906 E. 'th St.. Austin,
' Tex., reduced 72 pounds in 3 months on
Reducing Tablets and Obesity Band. Ab-
domen reduced 6 inches.
Mrs. Emma LeFevre. 108 W. S9th St..
N. Y. City, reduced 20 pounds and 2 X 2 '
Inches in waist measure on first month's
treatment.
Sam'l Robinson. Policeman of. the Cen-
tral Detail, stationed Washington and
State Sts., Chicago. Reduced 25 pounds
in twenty-six days. -■■,'• ' '■
Mrs. G. E. Gregory i Dresden. Kas\, re-
duced from 182 to 16.". pounds on two bot-
tles of Reducing Tablets and is convinced
that the cure is permanent.
M. Theadon. Ahl Grand Aye., Chicago,
took two months' treatment and was re-
duced 40 pounds and cured of rheumatism
and kidney troubles.
Mrs. J. H. Whit-. Park City. Utah. My
testimonial is that 1 have taken your
combined treatment and have lost 26
pounds in one month. Never felt better
in my life and think it is a great remedy.
F. O. Woodman. Ml C.Sth St.. Chicago
(prominent Odd Fellow), Supt. Freedman
Mfg. Co.. Stock Yards. Chicago, reduced
I 51 pounds in weight and 13 inches at waist
line in five weeks by Dr. Edison's treat-
ment.
Mrs. Ellen D. Campbpll. 516 E. South
, St., Warren. 0. . was reduced from 175 to
125 pounds by using one month's treat-
ment of Pills and Reducing Tablets. Can.
• walk long distances and feels better in
many other ways.
Price of Dr. Edison's Obesity Salt, $1.00
, a package: Pills. $1.50. or 3 for $4.00. Free
advice about obesity from (Vur New York
Medical Department. "Write: and describe
■ your case. We forward gqads promptly.
No printing on our envelopes. Our goods
are kept in stock by the leading drug-
gists. . -"•;?-
SEND FOR BOOK ON OBESITY.
LORING & CO., Ltd., Dept. 89,
No. 42 W. 22d St., near 6th Aye.. N. Y.
At Aiictiorio
; TUESDAY.
, TUESDAY - - OCTOBER 3, 1599.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON*.
At Our Salesrooms, 638 Market Street.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
f South corner (No. 2001) Eddy and Brod-
« crick sts.: large corner lot. 160x137:6; will sell
' in subdivisions to suit; also elegant residence
1 stable, etc. " *
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Southwest corner (Nos. 31 to 35) BeMeman
and O'Farrell sts. : 60x43 feet: four flats of
four and five rooms; rented $47; both streets
bituminlzed.
SOUTH-OF-MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southeast Bide (Noa. 5 and s^) Harriet st. 100
! feet southeast of Howard: two good houses of
] six rooms each; always rented.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
; East side (Nos. 1210 and 1212) Btelner st S7s
I north of Turk; lot 25x87:6; store, five moms
: and bath and flat of six rooms and bath; In
I business locality: street bituminlzed.
" ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
West line (No. £03) Central aye., 25:6 north
, of l'age St.; lot 22x90: modern up-to-date resi-
d ence of seven rooms and bath; near Park
Panhandle.
, MISSION FLAT AND STORE.
Southeast corner Twenty-third and Alabama
M«. ; lot "6x74; store and flat of five rooms and
j bath; modern: both streets bituminlzed.
PARK PANHANDLE LOTS.
: Northeast corner of Central aye. and Waller
St.: SOxlH. more or less; will sell la subdivi-
sions to suit.
MISSION COTTAGES.
West side Shotwell st. (Nos. Sn4 and SO6) 53
feet south of Twenty-second; 56x96: two nlc«
cottages or five rooms and bath each.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS PROPERTY. .
North line of Clay st. (No. 3942), 151 feet east
of First aye.; 55x127:6: residence of nine rooms
bath and basement; two vacant lots adjoining!
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
North line of Twenty-first st., 75 feet east of
Alabama; 25x104; ready for building; street*
bituminlzed.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
I . 63S Market street.
feu '*»'*•
A CONDITION AND NOT A
THEORY
confronts the fastidious man that has
soiled linen and don't know where he
can have it laundered without injury
and in an irreproachable manner. \V<
can relieve his mind right now by as-
I suring him that his shirts, collars and
cuffs didn't look better when first pur-
chased than they do when sent horn*
from the United. States Laundry.
"No saw, edges." o
United .States Laundry. Offlca c
1004- , Market Street. ' °.
. Telephone South 420.
Oakland Offica. 51.4- Eleventh St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a (Jieui Kesiorative. Invigorator ana Ner-
vine. *
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes
The Mexican Remedy lor. Diseases of the Kld-
aeya and Bladder. Sells on its own Merits
„.» « NABER, ALFS * BRUME. Agent..
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for /Circular. V
PCMelicatti's KacU^j Dtam'o* Brna4. :" ~ =
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^^v OrtclnM «»a Only Genutao. ■ *.
£7itFi\&. •*'«• *•"•« rfJi»hle. lad,;;., u v
AJVJj^jk Drnepit for ChU.tu.Ur. Englu) D.lMl\
fe*%3»«B*k'»<»i <» Brand In l{ d Md Gold metallic
0 «LW l " I "'i. t * 1 " 1 » wi;l)l "° lrll " M 1 T«ko>^^
I^l ** •Mi 510 Other, Refute d/inj«rowa fiilf titv. V
I / ffff 0 " 1 and m ? ati ' »•• At Drogjiiti. or «ad to.
15; ttf l £J t W?J 0T / Ar J l 1 lc «'" 1 ' twlimortiU u«TOest
SAND CRABS
DEFEATED BY
HANK'S MEN
A Large Crowd Witnesses a
Rather Exciting
Game.
Hank's men walloped the Sand Craps I
yesterday at Recreation Park by a score j.
of 6 to 5 in the series of games now being
played by the two teams. for second place,.
The San Francises showed marked Im
provement in fielding and batting, '.and .at :
the conclusion of the game Hank threw [
Ills chest out and ventured the prediction;
that his hall • iserS had a chance -to take ;
first honors from Sacramento. Up to the '
fourth inning the -blackboard showed a '
clean face. Then: Drennan, Clark and :
Streib went around: the bags, and matters J
looked blue for Frisco. In the fifth Uni- i
pire Graves had occasion to make a de- j
cisioti that comes once in ten years on j ;
a ball field. Williams slid to third so
hard that he kicked the bag from its
fastenings and it slid several feet away j
from the body. Riley beat him to it and ,
Graves ruled that : Williams had; to stay
with the bag. The decision, according to
the rules, was a just one, but th> rooters
heralded it with hoots and hisses.
The score was as follows: ;
SAN FRANCISCO. ; ' : ■
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. D.
Brockhoff. B. ■ 4 1 2 13 4 2
Hilderbrandt, r. t... 6 1 1 0 1 0 0 1
Kruc. 2b 5 0 i 2 € 5 0
Sullivan, o 5 0 10 3 8 2
Courtney, lb 5 0 1 0 II 3 0
niley, Sb 5 0 3 2 2 0 1
Pavna. c. t 5 10 110 0
Muller. 1. t _ 4 2 2 0 10 0
Fitzpatxlck. p 4 1110 5 0
Totals 42 6 13 I 27 22 "i
SANTA CRUZ. ;
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2b 5 0 10 3 6 1
Babbitt, 8. a 3 0 0 0 3 6 1
Devereaux, 3b C 0 0 0 1 4 0
l>rennan, c. f 4 3 3 110 0
Clark, r. f 2. 11 0 0 0 0,
Strelb, lb 4 12 1 14 2 1
rialrymple, 1. t 4 0 8 12 0 1
■ Morrow, c....« 3 0 0 0 4 2 0
lialsz, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
Totals M.-.-B 8 3 27 21 *5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Fraocisco 000010230—6
Base hits 11031025 1—33 |
Santa Cruz 000301010—5
BtM hits 0 10412010—9
SUMMARY. :
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrlck 8, Balaz 1.
Two-base hits— Williams, Drennan, Streib Dal
rymrle, Krug. First base on errors— San Fran
cisco 4, Santa Cruz 3. First base on called
balls— San Francisco 1; Santa Cruz 4. Left on
base?— San Francisco 9, Santa Cruz T. Struck
out— By Fitzpatriek :1. by Balsz 2. Double
plays— BrockhofC to Courtney . to Riley: Dev
ereauz to Babbitt to Streib: Krugr to Courtney
Courtney to Brockhoff. Passed ball— Morrow.
Time of game— 2 hours. Umpire — Graves. Offi
cial scorer— Stapleton. • ■ .
Oaklands Win Easily
SACRAMENTO, Sept. Oakland
easily defeated Sacramento to-day. The
locals played a listless game, from which
all the ginger was eliminated. The vis
itors hit Doyle hard at critical times,
vhlle Borchers, though somewhat wild,
played the game when playing was re
quired. Oakland took the lead in the first
inning and was never headed. In the sev
enth Inning Dunleavy rolled a grounder
which O'Connor and then Harvey should
have captured, but did not. and as a con
sequence he scored, driving Hardle home
Score:
SACRAMENTO. !
.[,. , AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A E. '
Mclaughlin. If 4 2 1 2 1 o 1
Harvey, rf 4 0 2 0 3 2 1
O'Connor, It? 4 1 1 0 9 0 0
. Kasan. s. 8 4 0 1 0 4 4 0
Stanley, c 1110 2 3 0
Doyle, p 4 0 2 0 0 10
fihanahan, cf 3 0 1 o'' 2 0 6
Etuitz, 2b 4 0 0 0 1 2 i
fc'heehan, 2b 3 0 1 0 2 2 0
Totals 31 4 10 2 24 14 3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. bh. SB. PO. A c
■ HUthinson, lb ...... 5 l 2 0 5 i c
Hammond, c ......... 5 2 2 1 li 3 (i
: Hardle. rf . ... 4 2 2 0 0 0 6
Donovan, cf 4 0 0 0 4 10
Dunleavy. 2b ..4 ': 1 0 3 C 0
I-ar.ce. ?-b 4 1 2 0 1 2 o
Scnmcer/s. s.. 4 0 1 0 0. 1 0
Mopkiniari, If .4 i 1 0 2 o o
Uurch\ers, p 4 2 2 0 1 1 i
. : T&ta!s ..3? 11 14 1 27 11 ~1
■: HI N"S AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
Eatfrsniento 0 01110010—4
-Basfe/hits 1 1 1 1 2 2 0 2 o—lo
Oakland 4 0 0 0 0 0 6 1 •— ll
Ba'so hitsi 411000 62 •— l4
' '.;- SUMMARY.
Huns rest^nclhle for— Doyle 7, Borchers 4.
Thiee-base liit— O'Connor. Two-base hit—
Lang Sacrifice hU»— Stanley, Shanahan.
First base on err-jrs—^acraratnto 1, Oakland 1
First base on balla^Sacramento 5. Le;"t oti
lasfK—Sacrarnentn 7. Oakland 4. Struck out— lK-
Doyle J, by Borchers c. Hit by pitcher— Hardle
Stanley. Double pk;y.=— liorchers to Hammond
to Dunlenvy; IJonovun tv Dunleavy. wild
tpitches— Borchers *. Time of game— One hour
Sr.nd li.fty-nve mlnutt-.«. Umpire— O'Conrieli
• rEcorer— Griffin. ■ :
Lawyers at the Bat.
.■;A baseball team made up of employes of
ftthe law department of the Southern Pa
■clfic Company wlll-;try conclusions with a
team from Goldberg, Bow & Co. at
Kecreniion Park, Eighth and Harrison
this morning. The line-up is as
follows: •
:
Laiv Dopt. Positions. Ibergs
G; O. Fraeer Catcher ~. a. Cohn
13.' J. Lynch Pit. her J- Jeffreys
t". W. Haswoll First base ,U Davis
E. G. Ryder Second base L. Duncan
A; 3. Griffith Third base i.A. Kin?
K. -J. Miirphv Shflrt.stop M. V.'nlph
Fam Mcßlrr.ey LeCt %ld M. Rap!;f'id
Guy K.'ioup Ofttei 1 * field N. Denver
J. Johns Right field J. Athertcn
Santa Claras Ahead
. SAX JOSE, Sept. 1 30.— football pame
this afternoon ween the Santa Clara
High; Srhcol and University of the Pacific
jtcalTis w.a<s-\yon by the former, the score
beirijg 22 to 0. ■■■.
As ■ partner the hen-perkod
nils tiv bin.
With infinite care
Wielands
Extra Pale
is brewed into a liquid
food.
.Made of the best
of materials; filtered
and aged before bot-
tling; then sterilized—
" P as t e u rized*'— i t
becomes an article fit
foi* daily use in the
h o us e hol d . q* , i*j. : , bau.pta.
Yoai grocer of I? leph-one West 144.
California Bottling; Co,
1407-17 EUdy St..
Sporting Scents from Jkll Over the World.
CALIFORNIA SCORES A VICTORY
AT FOOTBALL OVER THE OLYMPICS
tffy? LL. the members of the Olympic
II Yy Club eleven and the prime en
/* — A thuslast, Manager Leon S. Greene-
U \^, baum, said the team would win
the opening game of the season
with California. Now they are sorry that
they spoke so unqualifiedly. The clubmen
are In deep mourning and all Berkeley is
drinking in the deep draughts of an initial
victory. A touchdown and a goal was
California's record; the Olympics have
nothing for their efforts but mental pains
and bodily bruises.
The football season opened most auspi
ciously on the Berkeley football field yes
terday afternoon when the Olympic giants
mot the University eleven in the first
football contest of the year. A genuine
gridiron crowd had gathered. Men who
have played the game on the most famous
football field in the country were there
to shout and criticize. College students,
society women and clubmen filled the
stand orjjtheijwestern side of the field and
•Enthusiasm evidenced by much noise and
shouting was tfot lacking at any time dur
ing the game. Stanford was' represented
by a large contingent of football men.
Coach Chambcrlin, Captain Fisher,
Trainer Murphy and several of the team
were on the aide lines, watching with
critical eyes the weak and strong points
MAMIE G WON
THE HANDICAP
AT OAKLAND
Hohenzoilern Ran a Close
Second — Fine Day's Sport.
Owner Ruled Off.
Delightful summer weather and a rac
.ird that gave all previous onos of
• ■■Mng a sallow look attracted an
old fashioned Saturday crowd to Oakland
truck yesterday. Business in the betting
ring was especially lively and the talent
more than held its own with the books.
The different events were so well con
tested that the absence of the tardy ar
riving knights of the saddle and record
breaking equlnes still battling for pursee
on the other side of the hills was scarcely
cd. Three favorites met with de
teat
HThe mile and a sixteenth handicap, with
an afterpiece, captured by Caesar Young's
black mare Mamie <;. was a very excit
ing affair. Cromwell, allotted top weight,
VJi pounds, was installed favorite, with
The Fretter, Recreation, Hohenzollern
and Mamie G all receiving more or less
support. A tedious delay at the post
probably told on the favorite, for he was
never a contender. Once sent on their
journey little Walsh astride Silver Tone,
the outsider, tried pace making. His term
as a leader expired quickly, -for on the
back stretch Thorpe had Recreation in
front, with the closely bunched field at
her heels. The Burns & Waterhouse mare
was still leading as the stretch was
reached, Hohenzollern a close second.
Less than a furlong from the wire Recre
ation had "shot her bolt" and Hohenzol
lern looked all over a winner, when Co
burn slipped along next the rail -with
Mamie '•■ and driving hard downed the
Boots entry less than a length. Recrea
tion bung on gamely, finishing lapped on
the leaders. The Fretter ran a disap
pointing race, "bloowing up" after show
nig a short turn of speed.
After the race F. J. O'Rourke. owner of
The Frrtter, created a scene in front of
the grand totand by assaulting Monroe
.i. son, a colored employe of the Oak
land association. Owing to the unruly
tactic h 'if two of the starters in the hand
icap, Johnson temporarily acted as as
sistant starter, and O'Rourke accused him
of holding his entry at the post, a base
less charge according to near by specta
tors. O Kourke was escorted from the
ctiurse by Morse* 'patrolman, and later
was placed under "arrest. The track of
ficials also took cognizance of his gross
breach of turf etiquette, for the obstrep
erous owner, together with his horses,
was ruled o lf the: turf.
Marplot with, his suspicious underpin
ning, emerged from seclusion and was one
of seven starters' in the first number, a
six-furlong Belling sprint. Opposed to him
were an' aff-.coiored assortment and at
odds on be won easily from Wilmeler, a
20 to 1 shot. Watossa disposed of Magnus
for the show. '■'■
It begins to look as if Bogus Bill would
be town talk before the snow flies. The
good-looking Cyclone colt develops a new
kink of speed with each fresh appear
ance before the public, It would seem. In
■ the sprint for -two-year-olds over the Fu
turity course he fairly ran over the 8 to 6
choice, Ned Dennis, winning in a big gal
; lop. T. : Walsh, i\ promising youngster,
piloted him to excellent advantage. The
' late-comer, Enjoyment, was beaten only
a. scant head for the place.
. :. Jimmy |Coffey had Bernardino keyed to
lifgh'C and it was like breaking sticks
; for the -hooded- horse to defeat his com
pany .in .the seve,ri-furlong run. Ekldle
XSreanoy and : his: friends bet the hook
makers Mack In the face until the 2 to 1
; chalked up w : as swiped to 8 to 5. Jack
•'War.d had the leg up and flattering Chl
huahua with the front position until near-
I lh : g the bend : for home there assumea
[■the lead and -was; never"" headed. At the
: hist Morse on Donator came with a rush,
causing Ward to shake the favorite up a
trifle. Melkarth, an outsider.- ran third.
.';•:• Popular Pat Morrlssey, a sizzling 4 to 5
:. choice, struck on a rock and foundered In
the' ckislng sprint at six furlongs. Pat
• R|yan tossed- Jimmy Walsh up again on
the back of Afam.ida and the brown mare
'l led Morrissey;fro)rn the. start, eventually
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
The Olympics Running the Ends.
of California's play. Heftelflnger, the
towering Yale giant and the greatest
guard who ever played the game, visited
the team he' once coached and was sur
prised by a victory for the blue and gold.
Representing the Olympic Club, John
Hammersmith, Vice President Mann and
several of the directors walked up and
down the side lines, looking wise without
hazarding an opinion.
The game was exceptionally gqod for
an opener, though devoid of sensation,
dash or brilliancy. California, with lta
team of IS9S, played together and with
spirit, but no attempt was made to do
anything startling on the offensive. The
Olympic team, with Its stalwart weighty
linesmen, showed the want of game
practice and the onslaughts against the
California line rarely brought appreciable
gains. Victory for the Blue and Gold,
came by the plucking of an opportunity
which was the result of a fumble. By
excellent defensive work the Olympic Club
made a fixture of California three yards
from the goal and secured the ball. In
stead of punting it out of danger the sig
nal was given for Sheehy to take the pig
skin and break holes in the opposing line.
He found his opening and was about to
plunge down the field when the ball fell
out of his arms. "Whipple, who was com-
beating him a neck in 1:14 flat. Dr. Xem
bula was a starter in this event, but got
away from the post none too well and
was not a factor. He was heavily played
at post time.
American Jockeys Win.
LONDON, Sept. 30.— At the opening of
the Alexandria Park September meeting
to-day the Finsbury middle-weight handi
cap of £300 was won by Bourton Hill.
Skeets Martin finished second on Elfin
(American-bred), Lady Derby third. The
betting was 3 to 1 against Elfin.
H( el and Toe, with L. Relff up, won the
Juvenile plate, Cyrer.e Hall second and
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Saturday, September 30, 1899.— Seventh
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track good. •
F. E. MULHOLLAXD- Presiding Judge. J. B. FERGUSON'—
||-\/~k FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $250.
T~. ! '■ i ~~~ ' ~~ i I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. {Op. Cl.
... Marplot. 4 110.1 ... 2h 33 2h 11 Thorpe 2-5 1-4
70 Wllmeter, 4 110 3 ... 1% 2 >i 3 3 2 2 Duffy 20 30
■ SO Watossa 3 101 5 ... 31 4 4 4 4 3h Johnson la 30
B8 Magnus, 4 .....107 6 ... 5% 64-55 4^ Morse 6 5
85 Jack McCabe, 3 101 7 ... 4 4 12 1 V, 5 8 Mounce 6 1
•95 Taruba. 3 101 2 ... 6 2 f. 10 6 15 6 20 Kellas 40 40
81 Seven Up. 5 107 4 _ 11 . 7 7 7 7__ Rayner 50 100
Time— %, :'.'.'i ; H' :49=Vi; »i, 1:16. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. h., by Imp. Rossington-Marjory.
Marplot" class carried him through. He Is pounds below his old form. Magnus shuf-
fled about. Jack McCabe a very slow beginner.
lfil SECOND Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); two-year-olds;
I \J 1 • ' purse. $250.
! ~ ' j Betting.
Index. ' Horse. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. C"l.
(S7) Bogus Bill 108 2 ... 3 4 2h 2 1 15 T. Walsh 8-5 8-5
92 Ned Dennis 110 1 ... 114 14 lh 2h Thorpe 3-5 1-2
(63) Enjoyment 102 5 ... 41 52 5 4 31 Morse .., 10 20
Cowboy 107 6 ... 5 3 41 3h 44 Bozeman 30 100
*2 Summer- 10S 3 ... 2 1 3 2 4% r- 4 J. Walsh 6 12
75 Abbieoio 100 4 ... 6 6 6 6 |Rayner 40 100
Time— H. :22; to %. :45»i; last %. 1:02%; short %, 1:12%. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner,. 8. F. Capp's ch. c, by Cyclone-Wanda.
Bogus' Bill Is apt to beat some good ones. Dennis was stopping badly. Enjoyment
should have been second. Cowboy ran well. Summer not a stayer.
Scratched— The Echo 102.
«/>O THIRD RACE— furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $200.
I < > £• • ■
' j Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. %m. %m. Str. Fin. > Jockeys. Op. Cl.
• . . Bernardino, 5 104 < 2 2 2 4 2 5 ltt 1 l' 'J. Ward 1 6-5
P5 Donatof. 4 104; 4 6 »/4 5 hi El 41 22 Morse 6 12
76 Melkarth 4 : 104 6 3 '4 3h 3 5 !H S4 W. Xarvaez.. 15 25
fll Chihuahua, 4 10611 Hi In 14 2 1 4h Thorpe 3 16-6
■A Monrovia, a 10! 2 4n 43 4% 52 62 Snider ■ 2 5-2
15 Ringmaster, 5 104 8 S 8 -64 62 63 Henry - 6 ■ 12
85 Lome 5 '....104 7 72 ' Vi 71 7 10 7 15 McClusky .... 20. 40
74 Charles 1> Bel, 5.. .107 3 fi 2 6 \<j 8 8__ 8 Duffy ..." IB 50
Time %, :13: *4, :86%; %. 1:01%; 76, 1:2814. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and
•third easily. Winner, J. Coftey's b. p.," 'by Emperor of Norfolk-Jennie B.
•' • • Bernardino is a pood horse aRivin. Donator came from the far rear. Melkarth Is out-
. running himself." Too far for Chihuahua. Monrovia outfooted.
Scratched— 107, .Tenrica 104.
inn FOURTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; handicap; three-year-olds and upward;
I WO* purse, $500. .
~ Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. V 4 m. %m. %m. Str. . Fin. j Jockeys. Op. CL
.89 Mamie G, C 85 1 21h 31 4h 6.6 1% |c burn 6 6
88 Hohen/ollern. 5 101 ! 3 3h 44 3 1 2% 2 ,4 2 M: Morse 6 6
(94) Recreation. 5 109 1-41 2h lh 11 12 35 Thorpe : 5-2 3
(73) Cromwell, a 120 5 5 2: 54 |U 4h 6 ',£ 4 4 Macklln 8-5 0-5
... Silver Tone. 3 98 1 4 2 1 12 2 M, SI 3 1 6 10 J. Walsh 8 15
(88) The Frctter. 3 99 j 6 . 6 6 6 Eh 4!S 6^_ Mounce 8-5 3
"~ Tims— 1-16. :07; 5-16, :31; 9-16, :r.5%; 13-16. 1:22; mile, 1:41%; 1 l-16m. 1:48. Good start. Won
first three driving. Wi.nner, Caesar Young's blk. m., by Imp. Pirate of Penzance-Anna-
Clay.
Mamie G well ridden the last part. Coburn hugged the rail. Hohenzollern was best.
Morse Rot cut oft- nt first. turn and turned wide into stretch. Recreation ran her race. De-
•lay at post possibly -hurt Cromwell's chances. Fretter lacked speed.
l^pi^ FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; all ages; purse, 1900.
• . I . Bettlns.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. V*m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
' (90) Afarriula. 4 105 3 ... 12 ■-. 11 1 %" l~n J. Walsh 8-5 11-5
(89) Pat Morrissey, 5 — 106 2 ... 22 24- 24 22 Thorpe ... 4-5 14-5
. 58 February, 5 105 1 ... 3h 5 4 1 3 C Buchanan .... 10 15
(77) Anchored, 3 .89 6 ... 4 1 3 h. *% 4% Postel ..20 40
... Dr. Nembula. 3.....103 4 ... 5 4 Xi ■ 6. 5 |J. Ward. 7-2 2
Time— :24>,4; %■ :48%; %. 1:14. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. P.
Ryan's br. . m., by Duke of Montrose-Laura W.
Afamada well ridden and never worried greatly. Pat about ran to his notch. February
closed strong. Dr. Xsembula away poorly and not ready for a bruising contest. ■■>.',";■
Ing toward him In lurches. Ignored the
man for the pigskin, touched the latter
safely under the armpit and crossed the
line for the only touchdown of the game.
It was an accident, but no "fluke." If It
had not happened the gam© would prob
ably have been a tie without a score on
either side.
A low kickoff by Moore started the
game a-golng. Clear to the Olympic fif
teen-yard line the pigskin went before it
waa "within reach of Olympic hands.
Back it came to California territory by
a punt of Thierkauf, which was not a
good one for distance. California then
tried Hall and made a ten-yard gain. In
the scrimmage that followed Pete Smith's
bad shoulder received a wrench that fin
ished him for the season and he was re
tired. Yard by yard California fought its
way through the Olympic line until they
were within fifteen yards of a touchdown,
but here the halt was called. Three un
successful line bucks gave the pigskin
to the club athletes and the hopes of
Cochran received a sudden blight.
But the Olympic team could do nothing
against the lighter California line, and
Thierkauf was forced to punt. Then be
gan an interchange of kicks and futile
attempts to shatter the opposition line
by both parties. The last part of. the
Petrovine third. The betting was 10 to 1
against Heel and Toe.
The Autumn Nursery handicap or £100
was captured by Martin on Downham,
Sarenset escond and Luciana third. The
betting was 5 to 2 against Downham.
Sculler Ten Eyck Defeated.
HALIFAX, N. S., Sept. 30.—Mark Lynch,
the Halifax champion sculler, defeated
James A. Ten Eyck of Worcester and
James Xorris of Halifax in a three-mile
race in single skulls to-day, for a purse
of $300.
A little learning is less dangerous
than the belief that you know it all.
first half was fought for the main part
In Olympic territory. Just before the
whistle blew Sheehy broke out of the
bunch and made one of his old-time bucks
for twenty yards.
The second half gave the mighty Cad
wallader a chance to kick off. Hall
caught the ball and ran it In but a little
way and punted for thirty-five yards. An
other unsuccessful attempt of the Olym
pics to gain the necessary distance forced
them to kick. California then began a
punting game, and Moore's long drive
was fumbled by Clum, who entered the
game when Carter was packed off on ac
count of injury. Moore punted the ball
to the Olympic fifteen-yard line, and after
some successful and other unsuccessful
line bucking by the clubmen the college
team secured the ball on the Olympic
twenty-five-yard line.
Then followed the struggle for a touch
j down. "Locomoter" Smith put his driv
ers to work and went three yards closer
ito victory. Cadwallader in his anxiety to
upset the opposing formation interfered
with the passing of the ball, and five
j yards' penalty shortened the distance that
separated California's eleven from the
goal. A dash by Hall for ten yards and
another by Smith to the five-yard line
brought the scent of the line that marked
MAKE IT THREE STRAIGHT
FROM NEW CHAMPIONS
The Baltimores Playing Fast Ball.
Philadelphia and Boston Still
a Tie.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Tct. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....93 43 .683 Chicago 72 SS .511
Philadelphia 89 54 .622 Louisville ...70 72 .4<tf
Boaton S7 63 .621Pittsburg ■ .68 73 .482
Baltimore ...82 56 .594 New Y0rk... 54 81 .400
St. L0ui5.... 82 61 .573 Washington 49 92 .347
Cincinnati ..75 65 .536 Cleveland ...20 126 .136
BALTIMORE, Sept. 30.— Baltimore won the
third game of the series from the Superbas
to-day. Both teams batted hard, but the
locals had a shade the better of their oppo
nents in opportune drives. The weather was
too cold for rapid play. The players of both
I'ims stole bases with impunity. Attendance
2000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn , 4 14 2
Baltimore 6 14 1
Batteries— Kennedy and Farrell; Kitson and
Smith. Umpires— EmElie and Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 30.— Philadelphia
won the concluding game from New York this
afternoon by hard and sequential hitting. Orth
was very effective and surprisingly steady,
not sending a man to first on balls. Attend
ance 2159. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 8 IS 3
New York 4 5 2
Batteries— Orth and Douglass; Carrtck and
Umpires— Manassau and Snyder.
BOSTON, Sept. SO.— Duffy's great base run
ning In the tenth won the game for Boston
to-day. With none out he drew his base, stole
second and third and scored on Lowe's short
fly to Freeman. Magee, who started in to
pitch for Washington, was put out of the
game for kicking in the first Inning. Dlneen,
who succeeded him, was very effective. At
tendance 660. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Hoston 6 9 0
Washington 4 9 1
Batteries— Meekln and Sullivan; Magee,
Plneen and Powers. Umpires— Swartwood and
Hunt.
CHICAGO, Sept. 80.— The Colonels won an
easy game to-day, batting Garvin very hard
from start to finish. The locals forced Cun
ningnam "ft the rubber In the second, after he
hiul been hit for five singles and a double and
bad forced in a run. The game was railed at
the end of the elchth on account of darkness.
AttenduMM 250. Score:
Clubs— R. H. ~E.
Chicago 6 i. 1 2
!.■ uisville 12 13 1
Batteries— Garvtn and Chance; Cunningham,
Philijipi and dimmer. Umpire— Connolly.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 30.— The Perfectos slaugh
tered Hufb«y*i shoots to-day and finished ftnrt
in a one-Flded, uninteresting game. Attend
ance 650. Score:
Club>?— . R. H. E.
St. Louis io 20 4
Cleveland 3 9 4
Batteries — Thomas and Beulow; Hughey,
Duncan and Sugden. Umpires— liivnnan and
McDonald.
riTTSBURO, Sept. . 30.— After playing len
Innlngfl in football weather, the g;ime vu
called with the score a tie to let Cincinnati !
catch a train. It was a pitchers' contest, with
very little to choose between the two. At- ,
tendance 600. Score:
Clubs— It. H. E.
Plttsburg 3-7 3
Cincinnati 3 9 4
Batteries— Hotter and Schrlver; Hahn and
Woods. Umpires— O' Day and Latham.
BOXER VAN BUSKIRK
WILL TRAIN HERE
The Man Who Is to Meet Heavy
weight Russell Establishes
Quarters at the Beach.
Theodore Van Buskirk, the California
heavy-weight boxer, who is to meet Rus
sell, the Oregon phenomenon, will take up
training (marten .it Seal Rock House to
morrow. He is already in good condition,
having done a lot of work, both on tho
road and in the gymnasium, at his home
in Marysville. Van Buskirk was severely
injured in a bout with Champion Jeffries
when the latter was making a start in
the pugilistic world. His wound did not
mend well, and a year ago he underwent
an operation. He has now fully recovered
the goal into the very nostrils of Califor
nia's rushers. But the score was not to
be right then. Three times was the Olym
pic line tried, and failure resulted. The
clubmen took the ball, and Greenebaum,
on the side lines, began counting his
' money.
What followed was the fortune and the
i misfortune of football. Thinking; that a
! sudden surprise would work good results.
! Code gave a signal for Sheeny, the strong
J and reliable line bucker, to forge ahead.
This he did, but dropped the ball at the
critical moment, and Whipple, Califor
nia's captain, carried it over the line.
Kaarsberg, who replaced Moore, kicked a
i goal.
After this the ball oscillated up and
down the field, with the honors breaking
even.
The teams lined up:
California. Positions. Olympics.
Womble R— End— L McLaine
I'ringle R— Tackle— L. Ersklne
Aplln : R— Guard— L. Smith
Cornish Center Hobbs
j Greisberg \j — Guard— R Cadwallader
I Whtpple L— Tackle— R Sheeny
I Masters L— End— R Gaylord
Kerfoot-Hopper Quarter Code
Smith R— Half— L. Carter-Clum
Hall L— Half— R Wilson
Moore-Kaarsberg ..Fullback Thlerkauf
Referee and umpire— L. E. Hunt and John
Kherrard. Time of game — Twenty-minute
• halves. Score — California 6, Olympics 0.
his strength and is pronounced faster and
stronger than ever.
He won from Stelzner after fighting
seventeen rounds; defeated Goddard in
eight rounds, and defeated Joe Kennedy
twice. He will meet Russell in the Na
tional Club arena on the 12th inst. Rus
sell is 6 feet 4 inches in height and is pro
nounced a likely man. being a clever two
handed boxer.
The preliminary bout will be between
"Jimmy" Reilly and Turner of Stockton.
Al Neill, the clever welter-weight is
still limping about on his weak ankle,
which he injured while training with Tom
Sharkey. It will be some time yet before
it will be sufficiently strong to permit of
his training.
Ingleside Coursing.
The sport at Ingleside Coursing Park
yesterday was <f high class, many of the
courses being long ones. John R beat
Miss Lois, 17 to 6, after running 2 minutes
and 8 seconds; Magnet beat Whiskey Hill.
23 to 1, the course lasting 2 minutes 29
seconds; Racine and Flying Fox ran 3
minutes and 9 reconds, the former win
ning by 22 to 10. "Water Witch and Free
Silver Boy ran I minutes 00 seconds, the
former scoring 23 to 11. Maud S beat
Morning Glory 4 to 2. Wandering Tom
beat Mountain Beauty, a 5 to 1 favorite in
the betting; Chauncy beat Commodore at
the same odds. The results were:
J. Douce' s Sarcastic boat H. A. 1
Pet Klrby; Cohnell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant beat
D. O'Connell'a Clipper; H. A. Deckelraan'fl
Prince iJoorßp beat .1. .1. Edmonds' Sometime:
■I. Byrnes' Battleship beat H. A. Pcckclman's
Snapshot; T. Mclnerney's Johnnie X beat H.
Allen's Mlsa Lota; E. Passon'a Merry Maiden
brat Joe Perry** Commodore; D. Chella'a Ootd
eti Russett beat J. Tyler's Beau Brummel;
Murphy & Toland's Pleasant dirt beat Ft.
Pringle's Gladys Paaba; M. London's Magneto
beat J. J. Edmonds* Whisky Hill; T. J. Mc-
HuKh's Maid of the Mill heat Joe Ferris' Cleo
patra; J. hinehan's Racine beat Curtis & Son's
Flying Fox; Connell Bros.' St. Helen beat
Curtis & Son's Cavalier: T. .1. Cronln's De
pend On Me beat W. H. Lord's Revolver; V.
Guerrero' a Silence beat M. Lynch' a Cinderella;
E. M. Kellogg/s lowa Olrl boat J. McCormick'a
While Tip; J. Mooney'a Silent Tre;i=ur^ beat
K. M. KoUogg'd Hummer; T. j. m h igh'«
Moss Hose bent Curtis ft Son's Beacon; I>.
Shannon's Soubrette beat T. Jerome's Lady
<".;)>•; Murphy .<■ "Poland's Twilipht Jr. beat
Curtis & Son's The Fram; J. RouninK's Damp
sey LaM i«-:<t o. J, Panario's Old Qlory; w
L. Trade's Wandering Tom beat A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty; T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy
Rex beat T. Sullivan's Maid of the 1 1 111; I
Mannlx's Water Witch beat B. Dean's Free
BtlVer Hoy; Curtis & Son's LttXOr beat 1>
Flynn's Bkylight; T. J. Cronln's Jiose or
Tralec rx:st Curtis ft Son's McKinley; P. M
Clarkson's Black Hawk beat .1. Sejrgeraon's
White chief; J, O'Dowd'a Shootover beat W.
i >. i:imer's Fair Florence; J. Coleman'a x.ir
man beat T. lunch's Hicks; Curtis ,t Son' a
Maud s beat J. J. Edmonds' Morning Olory;
Curtis & Soil's Cash bent .hunts McCormack'a
l'rlmro?e; CurtU ><• Son'i Vulcan beal Kurphy
.t Toland'a Ornament; Murphy & Toland'a T.<ii
jjose beat n. Prinfrie's Honor Brigiit; d. shan
non's Satsun beat T. Fanning* a Hahe Murphy.
w n stiear's Chaancy beat Curtis \- Son's
Commodore; T. Logan'a Miss Orixsfe beat l.
Wiggins' Dexter P; T. J. Cronin's Maid of
Hnli beat F. Cuffin's M.-.untnln Boy: J. Hur
ley's Lucretla Borgia beat T. J. Mi-Hugh's
Emprtaa; J. Byrnes' Nellie B brat (i'-iTge
Burfeind'a Pastime; D. Hliannon's Safeguard
beat J. Bunner's Flora '/■: A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan beat A. Van den Burgh's Kilty X.
DO YOU NEED AN ELECTRIC BELT?
yi /i A I \l// / » I -A- re you weak, j nervous, deblll-
v\ \^i\^M^^M^^<i\^/ tated? Have you pain in the back?
\^W^^^t^^^^W^^rk^ Have you pain anywhere? If so,
WV«II^S\Kr Btop dru PS In S and try electricity.
I^S^^^<^^>S<^^y\^i Xt puts llf P. into all Vr '° ak parts and
a^^jp^^^T^fCP^^^^^H drives away- pain as if by magic.
■KKJr^<v fi\/< / The best way " to USe electricity -is
by - means " a °" d Electric Belt,
wSffl'lWf^Sra^^TQc li^f^ and everybody knows that "DR.
XT^^nULW^^k^J^^K' PIERCE' is the best Belt made.
n^7^a^^rs®^^^^<^\ Prices VERY REASONABLE. We
PHJ^Ha -.^^^j^^i/ATW^ also have a Belt for $3 50, the same
'J I / ''^^^t^^' H\ kind that, others sell at" fromslo to
' ' - /^~-^»7*-- 5 2^* If you require relief call arid
i^>^< ''"?"-• Bee us or send 2 cents in stamps for
' \Vj\ ' our "Booklet No. 2." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
vast.
HEALEY'S DOGS
RUN WELL AT
UNION PARK
In the Sapling Stake His Emm
Pasha - Wave Youngsters
All Win Their Courses.
D. J. Healey's three great saplings by
Emm Pasha- Wave performed up to their
reputation yesterday at Union Coursing
Park. Each of them won his course
In impressive fashion and they are picked,
to run one, two, three in the final of the
sapling stake to-day. Sisquoc, selling at
3 to 5, defeated Wild Nora by a score of
14 to 5 points. Bona Fide was a 2 to 1
| favorite over Olita, but the latter won by
a score of 14 to 12. Ripple, the last of the
trio of flyers, defeated Fenian Boy, 20
to 0. In the remaining courses Sophie
beat Keystone, 12 to 3; Erin beat Califor
nia, 14 to 0; P. J. Rellly's Royal Union
! beat Remember Me, 25 to 1; Americus beat
: Merciful, 12 to 9. and Al Austin's Los An
j geles beat Merciless, 17 to 2. I
In the open stake favorites were uni
formly successful. The biggest upset was
in the Hadiwist-Wild Tralee course, the
i former winning at odds, of one to five.
One of Wild Tralee's hind legs was badly
cut, which accounts for his poor perform
ance. They had an "undecided" and then
Hadiwist won handily, scoring 12 points
Ito 2. Hurricane proved a surprise by run-
I ning consistently and defeating Cande
j laria. Glen Roy beat Victor King, 7 10 5;
! Royal Buck beat Terronette, 16 to 7;
Thornhill beat Douglas, 12 to 1; Law
rence beat Minnie Wa Wa, 8 to 0: Lexing
ton beat Magic by 10 to 1 after a "no-go"
in which each scored 7 points; Kid Mc-
Coy beat Rocklin Belle, 20 to 9; "Hoot
Mon's" Lavender beat O. K. Capitol
cleverly by a score of 8 to 0; Star of Cuba
and Joy Bells ran one minute and forty
seconds, the former winning by a score
of 30 to 6; Rock Island Boy beat Wild
wood, 4 to 0; Log Boy beat* Moondyne. 7
to 0; Little Lucky beat Galivant, 10 to 0;
Rusty Gold beat Van Needa, 10 to 3; Bru
tus beat Prince Hal, 3 to 2; Firm Friend
i beat Night Time after running one minute
and twenty seconds, the score being 15 to
7; Kerry Gow and St. Oran ran two min
utes and twenty-five seconds,, the latter
winning, 31 to 12; Emm Pasha beat Sleety
Mist, 10 to 2; Royal Flush had a bye.
Maid of the Hill being drawn. Flush" is
a strong favorite for the stake. The de
tailed result of the running follows:
Sapling; stake— S. E. Portal's Sophie beat J.
Flower's Keystone; M. Dunlea's Erin beat J.
William's California; D. J. Healey's Sisquoo
beat C. Bonner's Wild Nora; D. J. Healey's
. Ollta beat J. Horn's Bona Fide; P. J. ReiHy's
Royal Union beat A. J. Kemp's Remember
Me; D. Morgan's Americus beat W. F.
Hobb's Merciful; D. J. Healey's Ripple beat
11. Dunlea's Fenian Boy; Al Austin's Los An
geles beat W. F. Hobb's Merciless.
Open stake— R. E. de B. Lopez' Wanda beat
E. C. Mack's Black Patti; Pasha Kennels' Rest
Assured beat Kay & Tram's Eclipse; C. W.
Abercrombie's Victor King beat Kay & Trant'a
Hawker; M. Mlchalek's Glen Roy: beat J.
Dennis" October Woodcock; J. Keenan's Royal
Buck beat H. H. Gray's Terronette; T. J.
Cronin's Thornhill beat Courtney & Hore's
Douglas; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat
R. E. de IS. Lopez' Minnie Wa Wa; Pasha
Kennels' Metallic beat C. W. Abercrombie's
Irma; H. Lynch' Lexington beat Handy &
Smith's Magic: Handy & Smith's Petronius
beat P. Kerwtn's 1 Lady Garnet: R. E. de B.
Lopez' Minneola boat J. E. Cone's Red Glen;
E. M. Kellogg'p Kid McCoy teat H. A. Deckel-
I man's Roeklln Belle; J. Kennedy's Ever Shore
beat E. Baumeister's Warrior; J. M. Ha I ton
'names) "Hoot Mon's" Lavender beat . . Hur
ley's O. K. Capitol: J. Hurley's Star of Cuba
beat W. C. Glasson's Joy Bells; P. A Me
Comb's Flush (a bye); J. P. Thrift's St. Mich
ael beat Daly & Siebeln'a Gypsy: Frank
O'Brien's Fury beat J. Dennis' The Devil; C.
W. Abercrombie's Rock Island Boy buat T.
Kelly's Wild wood: P. Cronin's Peg the Rake
beat E. Baumeister'a War Cloud; W. P. Con
: nor's Peaceful Glen beat Sterl & Knowles'
Wag; Lande £- Oerber'a Onward beat W. J.
j Browning's Mountain Belle: Handy & Smith's
Ida beat E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore; Con
nell Bros.' Senorita beat T. J. Harrington's
Beau Peep: W. H. Jones' R>tstin beat F. C.
Mack's Dflla M; D. .1. H«iley's Amarosa beat
I M. B. Kavanaugh's Hard Lines: A. Massey'9
! Hadiwist beat T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee: R.
L. Taylor's Mose beat J. Keenan's Royal Oak;
Connell Bros Log Boy beat J. Dean's Moon
dyne;, Edward Evatt'a Hurricane beat J.
Seggerson's Candelaria: C. W. Banner's Little
Lucky brat .1. Jones' Galivant: D. J. Healey's
O'Hara beat Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell:
D. J. Healey's Rusty Gold beat Larkey &
Rock's Van Noeda: J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat
Love & Thompson's Prince Hal; James Sheri
dan's Forest King beat Daly & Siebein's Shy
lock Boy:. Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend beat
J. Kennedy's Night Time: .T. Krrrigan's Con
quercr beat W. C. Collier's Terronite: Lowe &
Thompson's St. "ran beat M. Mi< liaick's Kerry
Gow; H. Lynch's Loiterer beat H. Weber's
Montana: J. Kennedy's Wine West beat Sterl
& Knowles' Fannie X: J. Dickson's Black
Besa beat F. A. McComb's One Spot: Pasha
Kennels' Emm Pasha beat Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist; Al Austin's Firm Foe beat R. L.
Taylor's Rowdy Boy; George Lahnsen'a Fire
ball beat Bands Brothers' Bart's Belle.
ON OAKLAND GOLF LINKS
Men's Handicap Foursomes Reach the
Final Round on the Adams
Point Grounds.
The various events on tho schedule nf
the Oakland Golf Club are proceeding
; somewhat slowly. This Ims been largely
due to th<> absence from tho links "f
Captain Orestes Pierce, who baa !>•■• n
seriously ill f"r several weeks. He has
so far recovered thai yesferday hi
i able t" pay a short visit to tin' links.
The Captain':- Cup tournament, fir which
a dozen or mor>' players have qualified,
has nut yet been held. In the Tibbetta
Cup competition E. R. Folger brat i>. K.
Bel den yesterday. In the semi-final round
of the moil's foursomes, with handicap,
Morris and BffcKee (handicap 3) bent Ro
. mtllard and Hubbard (scratch) l up:
1 Wheaton and Johnson (handicap 2> won
by default from Mayre and Smith (handi
cap !)■ The final foursome will It- Morris
and McKee versus Wheaton and John
son.
1 T. W. Tetl^y. instructor of the Ran Ra
fael Golf Club, haa prepared h programme
> of events for the fall and winter, which
Includes big tournaments on October 14,
• Thanksgiving day and New Year's day.
The regular fortnightly Saturday compe
titions will also be k^pt up. as they are
exciting much interest among the mem
bers. Until rain falls it is not possible
to make much progress in improving the
i links, tint things ar.> being put into such
a condition that tin 1 first rains may be
advantageously used.
The men's open championship at Santa
Monica was won Inst Sunday after an ex
ceedingly dose and keen match by w.
Cosby, who defeated .1. P. Sartori'l up.
Cosby was at one time i up. but Sartori
by dogged play brought the score all
square at the thirty-fifth hole. The thirty
sixth was taken by Cosby by remarkable
play, and the match ended in his favor.
For More Sports See Page Eight.
910
.;;■■■> {:\- ; \^i[ ■>••■ '. • ; ■ : -.-'- '•' ADVERTISEMENTS. . r -; ; .; '.'■ ■
: '" : '^^?^- ! Q' l^ :^'J^ '•H--- •^"•■■i--:-" ■ ■■•••■'■ : ■•" i ' •"■ :•' '■ •'
D'YE
■ - . ' - . ■ \
fig iQI JS BM HI ' ''-'■ ' .'•'•':•
• Just waking their initial bow— graceful bow.
Our smart winter fashions for chaps, little and
big ujis. A Raphael's garment on a little child is
1 Che one of Goethe's poems— a thing of beauty, a
jot/ forever. ' ' ■■ . -
: .. -We don't like Ito coax you too hard, but we d
like you to come Monday just to look about, not to
bur/. Just give us that supreme delight of show- |
ing you how hard, our designer has labored in
your behalf in creating fashions for little folks I
that will appeal at once to those of good taste, as
also to ones in search of extremely swell fashions.
Ours Are Different From Other Stores' Sort of
Children's Clothes.
Some Little Prices for Seasonable!
Juvenile Apparel.
/ —^ On the side we} We call to your , Jt^h
V^>ssJ picture a pretty attention in our ' ,$%
.-..•";■ y isr Top Coat, made picture on the ! l''in','\^-f
i^l with velvet col- side a pretty lit- %'^^^^Ll
.;.,: (ys&jf[\ lar, just exactly tie Reefer, but-'jU iZ- |\
/ B V\ as it's pictured,] tons up close ato. i j '.- \\.
;•. / f \ \in Oxford gray, the throat. Quite?/ j KA
•" ■'■'/ II A \made from the a snappy Little)*'' ■■ \ j y )
'■ '■'&*! I _JI \celebrated Au- winter garment j, | . &£%/
C 6M I OSfOT* Meltons, jin dark shades, 1 M \ ''\ $M
- ■ -^r f several shades to some light tansM'^
■•''''■'■'^l^Safff^ select from, sizes among 'em, for i i('| ; ,W^^|===^ J
'■-■V-^f^ffl'-'A 4 to 12. There little chaps be- VM A ' I
sv- -" H"^" ain't too many of tween the ages of \|f|;|i|M i '
■P 15^ 'em-. Just enough 3 and S. We \gfas fM
: : 2 : 5f /or a Monday needn't tell you if W
■■■'?'■ ' ~^A M run. If You're our fashions are fl'M
. . early you'll get\ swell, they're all £P V\
■•...:■ one. They're swell. For little " '\i
; ■{■"'.'■ -.;:•.■ . J coats like these Monday they'll
v $3.50. be $3.50.
$3-50. $3.50.
llneeda overcoat
A lot of Little / |^J^ Scarcely a moth-
>O- Junior Suits find L \V% x er having a little \
?^^n their way to the ;i '^M^.' b J>V that** Pf*
bargainbuyers. K^^ dresses him in
'■■:■ m~ „ • ,7 I^-^/ i- \ anything else
M Thecollarvsan J LJj lJ a Sailor,
1 - ; / sTN V \ inserted collar in \Q FT/ Some real pret-
.. ty oV^ly the shade of egg £di J li w\ ty on-is, with cor d-
; : -v'.Xy ,° /!«->, . \. /•(>/-/■/. W/*e, /'/tc I^J^T^fi*;! rr '^ c treatment,
' CoVU\q fabric is Blue • '|.:jj 'I , \ Monday, in blue,
'::'■ /j .Cheviot, the vest ft® A Lfe. th<> collar braid-
:'iN2° Vl V is trimmed with ij]> edwih cord, in
'■''■' ml \fJi ■ . egg robin blue, ■ g'i^iH '' red, white or
'S'~wWaW ' handsomely sou- ■ -W MW/ ' navy ; for little
tach'ed in white, }_ \ttjjf bL chaps, ages 3to \
\%kMs^ 3to the sizes:- W y* 10 years. Not too \
... .Xot too many of many of 'em; enough to stand, a
'em. Just enough to stand a little undine 1 ivdUvg a lanyard
run Monday, at . :?. . and whistle, Monday, at
$1.98. $2.50.
UNEEDA_SUIT!
//?, union there j ItJ Some SUlts
j^ is strength, so we 9*4 for youn g
i*l& have made up a r^J/ . t /
J^jT , . Little .-!«diB?sW. incn between
M§^ School Suits for >^^Sk fhr (l '- eS °f /: '
chaps between J^^^Mm and 19 Y ear '^
vii^i"^^ the ages of 6 and |Si Wm I " }> } ose very
is. w& > v 6 smart Ch ev-
fV 16; we've made smart Che V-
|\ the Trousers with JLl||^fe^ Z^/.v, 772 rt d c
U-- 4-IV double seats and yW=z^hslf- Ti,i /7, +h,. +
\U. \yJ ■ 7 , 7 7 itjPl* with that
' \t ■ ;N -v double knees. 3S /. 7 .
' Wl^^^ The fabric is WJWt U<?r^' ' ashlOn "
• : % that good inde- Wj p: able Double-
structible Tweed 18-', g breastedJ^est'
Cloth, strong as iron. Several B I nothing t '_
pretty colorings to select from. 1! 'H • •
They're $5. in most stores. 3 'M ' tier at 'JplO.
,; Sere they're . . '^^. These will be
$2,75. $5.95.
(?^r Ladies' Walking /Hats are the newest
Parisian . models. While) in tJie house Monday
take a looh at 'em,.
. ~~- ~__ _ ". • • ', , .■•
RAPHAEL'S, i-
.-••-■ , ■ ■ ■ j
• ' THE FRISCO BOYS, .
KING PINS FOR OVERCOATS,
: v ' 9, ; 11/ 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
BOYS CURBED OF THEIR DESIRE
TO SLAUGHTER THE FILIPINOS
SIX boys, each about 14 years of
age, who are determined to lead
the life of a soldier and were
dr-termined to go to Manila,
•were handed over to the custody of
the police yesterday afternoon on Fol
som-street wharf, as it was believed
they intended to stow themselves away
on one of the transports leaving with
regulars to fight the Filipinos. Their
names are: Carroll Bunch of Houston,
Tex.; John McGann of ITtica, N. V.;
William Bird of Brorkport. N. V.;
William Campbell of San Jose, Harry
Floyd, 1* Hawthorne street, and Joe
Burn, 2573 Post street. Campbell,
Floyd and Burn were sent home to
their parents, but the other three are
being detained in the City Prison till
their friends are heard from.
Bunch is the most interesting one of
the lot. He is a bright, intelligent boy
and was with the First Texas Regi
ment in Havana, Cuba. He belonged
to the Fife and Drum Corps. On leav
ing the regiment he received the fol
SMITH HASTILY
VANISHED AT
DAWN OF DAY
King Scandal Stirs a
Sensation.
DIBBLE DOES MORE DENYING
HIS REPUTED AGENT SOOTHES
HIM BY TELEPHONE.
People Prepared for Any Expose of
the Crookedness of the Fol
lowers of the Burns
Banner.
No story of scandal and crookedness In
volvlng State officials has created more
widespread excitement and Interest than
The Call's exclusive publication yesterday
morning of the barter and sale of notaries
public certificates. Many wi re not sur
prised at the expose. The better class or
citiiens are prepared to hear of •any crime
or any offense against decency in which
are associated the political criminals,
touts and beggars of the State who fol
low the Btandard of Dan M. Hums.
The Call's story yesterday was complete.
Little is to be added to the detail ot the
scandal. 11. T. Smith, one of the chief
offenders, has taken refuge in flight from
the scorn and condemnation of the peo
ple Assemblyman Dibble, who. Smith
stated, demanded JSOO to Bectire the ap
pointment of James King, and for whom
Smith Btrove to extort the money from
the notary, has mad.' but feeble denial of
the charges the ex-assistant secretary of
the Assembly has thrust upon him.
Mr. Dibble is authority for the state
ment that Smith Is still with us. He has
not seen the enterprising insurance agent,
but he has heard from him. Smith gave
Dibble a long-distance jolly over the tele
phone yesterday morning, if the Assem
blyman's assertions are correct. Dibble's
end of the line was In San Francisco, but
the location of Smith during "the effort to
Bmooth matters over with his friend and
benefactor is a profound secret.
The man who got the money out of the
King transaction and who failed to di
vide with the legislator whom he Implicat
ed in his disgraceful traffic left his lodging
place. 3256 Twenty-second street, yester
day morning before sun-up. Ho has not
been seen since, but he has telephoned.
and Mr. Dibble is satisfied. Previous to
his departure, which his landlady says
was decidedly hasty, a note was delivered
to Smith by a messenger. It might have
be< n a letter of condolence or possibly a
missive containing chunks of good advice
from Assemblyman Dibble. It might have
been a few suggestions from the same
Hource as to the proper method of hand
ling greenbacks and of the advisability of
avoiding waste baskets. No one knows
who Is willing to tell, and until Smith
comes out of the seclusion, which must
certainly afford him momentary peace,
the matter will remain a secret.
Smith Is somewhat of a will-o'-the
wisp. His landlady says he frequently
stays away from his lodpings for days at
a time and never tells where he is going
or whfn he will return.
At the office of Manhelm. Pibhern &
Co., 217 Sansonie street, where Smith has
his desk, he sustains his reputation as a
man of mystery. He has not been at the
office for several days and his return la
problematical.
It was thought that Smith might have
souprht seclusion in restful Oakland,
whence be onme to this city, but the man
ner of his leaving the Athens of the Pa
cific a few years apo precludes the possi
bility of his returning.
Arrested on Kearny Street???
Yesterday afternoon a lady ■was passing
a large store on the south side of Kearny
street, between Post and Sutter— the ono
with the rnapnificent show 'windows —
known as Armand Callleau's Cloak and
Suit House; At once her attention was
arrested by the striking "newness" of
the tailor suits, jackets, capes, waists and
skirts displayed there. It seemed as if
she had traveled thousands of miles east
ward in a few moments. The truth is.
thousands had b^en traveled, not by the
lady referred to but by the choicest pro
ductions of London, Paris and New York
modistes. The arrest was timely, for she
Is now the best dressed woman In town.*
Defense of the Charter.
The forthcoming number of the Mer
chants' Association's Review furnishes
some very interesting reading on matters
of municipal progress. The principal ar
ticle Is the "Defense of the New Charter
tn the Supreme Court," by Secretary J.
Richard Freud, who filed a brief in that
tribunal in defense nf the charter in the
case of Fragk-y vs. The Board of Election
Commissioners. The situation is ably dis
cussed in the document.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 331 Post st. •
Abner McKinley Returns.
Hon. Abner McKinley and party, after
a pleasant trip to Los Angeles, San Diego,
Santa Monica and Coronado, on which
they were accompanied by Mr. and Mrs.
lowing letter of recommendation from
Lieutenant Colonel Franklin of the
regiment :
HOUSTON. Texas.. Sept. 8, 1K99.
"Sergeant" Hunch was with Company C,
First Texas, from May 20 until the latter
part of September, 1888. He took part In
till drills of th.> company during that time;
nlso, with permission of Colonel Mabry, at
tended the corps reviews with the company.
Distinguished himself in Mobile by bring
ing in the first intelligence of the enemy* ?)
In a sham battle between First ami Sec
ond battalions. He was in advance f
Company C, which was in lead on practice
mim-h from Cocoanut Grove to Miami, Fla,,
and set the pace when the battalion marched
t>w measured miles in one hour and fifteen
minutes. 1 always found him truthful,
honest and obliging: of good manners, and
none of the toughness usual to a boy who
is associating daily with soldiers. I never
knew of his using had language or
trying to drink liquor. I have no
hesitancy in recommending him for a
good, honest boy, without any bad habits
that I know of. I was captain command-
Ing Company C while he was with the
■ impany.
Bunch says that he is an orphan and
•will not return to Houston. He wants
to gro to Manila, and as he came here
George E. Morse, returned to San Fran
cisco last Friday evening. At the Oak
land mole Mr. McKinley's special car. Lu
canla, was attached to the Portland ex
press and left for Oregon. From Portland
Mr. McKlnley and party will proceed to
Chicago via the St. Paul road.
Self-control, steady nerves and The
Old Government Whisky are the best
of friends. *
CROWDS AT THE CIRCUS.
Extra Attractions Are Added to the
Programme.
"Sorry, sir. that we can't accommodate
you, but there are no reserved seats left;
the last peat was sold twenty minutes
ago." Such was the. answer given to a
would-be purchaser at Main's circus last
night.
"That shows that the people of San
Francisco appreciate a good circus," said
I'ri ?s Agent Harrison. "We have prom
ised them a show where every act is a
feature, and we have kept our word, anJ
In return they have shown us that San
Francisco deserves its reputation — that of
being: one of the best show towns in the
country. Mr. Main has lived up to his
promise, and he advertises only what he
shows."
The closing 1 nights of Main's circus find
th.-> tents as crowded as on the opening
night. Interest never wanes from the
beginning of the entertainment until the
last race has been run. General Shafter
was an interested spectator last night
and warmly applauded the Rough Rid
ers. They were certainly deserving of it,
as their act is without doubt the strongest
as well as the most novel performance
of the kind seen here.
A feature that deserves more than pass
ing mention is the band. All the old-time
worn-nut circus music is cut out and it
has been the aim of the leader. Professor
John H. Gill, who, by the way, is the
youngest band leader in America, to play
nothing hut up-to-date music. Professor
Gill gives promise of becoming one of the
foremost band lenders in the country.
This afternoon there will he a matinee
and to-night a farewell performance will
be given. Heretofore it has been the cus
tom to cut the programme on closing
nights, but Mr. Main has inaugurated a
Dew departure In this, that instead of a
!-h<. rt performance several new features
will be added, making the closing night
the strongest of the season.
Genuine
Tortoise Shell
To-morrow morning we have our annual
sale of genuine tortoise shell , goods. The
prices will be about one-half the ordinary
amount. This allows you to buy real shell
goods for but little more than what you usually
pay for imitation goods. "
The tortoise shell keeps its shape and color
for years; it can be easily polished; it rarely
chips.
Remember that these prices are about one-
half what is usually asked:
Hair pins G /i, B^, 12^ up to 70 cents each.
Side combs. 45, 50, 60 up to $8 each.
Pompadour combs 1.10, 1.35, 1.90 and $2
each.
Back combs 75, 90, 1.20 up to $35 each.
Neck Combs 25, 35, 50 up to $1.20 each.
Axminster Rugs
Special sale of Axminster rugs, size 27x62
inches in beautiful, artistic and oriental de-
signs, good combination of colors; worth $2.75
for $2 eacn -
New Goods
We announce many new arrivals of silks, dress trim-
mings and laces in the latest designs and colors, which are
now ready for inspection. _
125 to 131 Kearny St.
with the Thirty-third Regiment from
Houston and had been with them at
the Presidio he does not believe in
being separated from them. Bird came
here in February with some soldiers
from New York, and says his step
father paid his fare, as he was glad
to get rid of him. He has a stepaunt,
Mrs. La France, in Sacramento, but
he has not seen her. He has been also
spending his time among the soldif-rs
at the Presidio and wants to be with
them in Manila. McGann went from
New York with the First New York
Regiment to Honolulu. He returned
with them to Now York, and after
they were mustered out he came back
hore with the intention of getting to
Manila. He is an orphan, but has an
uncle, a plumber, in T'tica. He be
longed to the Fife and Drum Corps of
the First New York. The three boys
will be made useful around the prison
till their friends are heard from, and
yesterday afternoon they were em
ployed In the kitchen peeling potatoes,
and they did not relish the job.
NURSES WANT
THEIR MATRON
TO COME BACK
Demand Mrs. Kinney
Be Reinstated.
«
COULD NOT TELL AN UNTRUTH
SAY SHE IS DISMISSED ON A
GROUNDLESS CHARGE.
Hospital Attendants Notify Directors
They Will Leave in a Body if
Mrs. Kinney Is Not
Reinstated.
There is more trouble brewing out at
the French Hospital. The nurses have
notified the board of directors that they
will walk out in a body unless Mrs. Kin
ney, the recently dismissed matron, is re
instated.
Mrs. Kinney's friends and the nurses
who were under 'Jier ridicule the "lack of
discipline" charge made by the commit
tee against the lady. They declare the
committee., in a spirit of petty spite,
chopped off th« matron's official head be
cause they unjustly suspected the lady
had made public- the fact that her nurses
suffered in the hospital for lack of food-'
a story exclusively published in The Call.
The publication of this story was the
cause of considerable consternation in the
hospital board of directors. Mis. Kinney,
with the interest of the hospital at heart,
came to The Call editorial rooms and
vainly endeavored to have the substance
ADVERTISEMENTS. __^^— %.
DRESS FABRICS.
The attention of our customers is
directed to the following NEW LINES
of IMPORTED DRESS GOODS just
opened.
NEW FRENCH POPLINS, 48 Inches wide, In Navys, Greens,
Browns, Tans, Grays, New Blue and Purples.. sl.7s Yd
NEW SATIN VENETIANS, 45 inches in width, all the latest
Fall colorings 51. 25 Yd
NEW FRENCH GRANITE SUITINGS, 45 inches wide, 19 dif-
I" ferent combinations . $1.25 Yd
NEW ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT, 50 inches wide, sponged and
shrunk, in Browns. Garnet, Navys, Myrtle and black. . .
$1.25 Yd
NEW FANCY WEAVES in self-colored dots and basket
effects, all colors. $LOO Yd
NEW PLAIDS, in Boucle, Cheviot and Camels-hair effects,
elegant assortment, prices ..........
. .$l.OO, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75 up to $4.00 Yd
SPECIAL SALE.
Novelty and Plain Dress Patterns and short lengths of Fins
Wool Materials at greatly reduced prices.
111, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
I There is no longer %
doubt about painless %
% dentistry. %
3 We have thousands to recommend our methods. jp.
35 EVENINGS until 9. Sundays JJL»
3 "set of Teeth. ■• "VAN V OO M " P
=2 painless extractions V nJ. 1 V r\VJVJi'I . "*^-
-3" ree $4 OO up •£,
Gold crowns. 22 " 3no up " 7 Market St., Corner Sixth. 2F
x^PT Fillings *<> CU P -■.■■. ■--"-■ .:.-.- ~>»
3 ?g;r,,, ? "'"w«" g iv» P '«";' °" GEO - W - kleiser, d.d.s. g
of the story retracted. She pleaded for ;
the reputation of the institution and cited
cases of other hospitals against which
charges had been brought in the past. ;
However, when questioned roundly she
was too honest to deny the facts, and the |
story was never retracted, to the chagrin
of the directors, and. unfortunately, to j
the undoing of the matron.
Previous to the committee meeting Mrs.
Klnney submitted to a vigorous cross-ex
amlnation. It was proposed that she con
tlnue in the position of matron on condi
tlon that she make known the name of :
the nurse or person who made public the
story of the strike at the gizzard-stew-;
laden table. In vain Mrs. Kinney ex
plained that she- did not know the culprit.
if culprit there was. The necessary in- |
formation not being forthcoming to the I
committee, the matron paid for her lack
of information with her position.
The nurses, however, in spite of all the j
misunderstandings, believe justice will
prevail and expect the matron to be
promptly reinstated. Otherwise not only ,
will the French Hospital be in need of a
matron, but a corps of nurses as well.
Your Eyes or a Million?
"Which would you take? If you value
the precious gift, see to it that you keep
your eyes strong and healthy. Any sen
sation of pain is a warning. Examination
free Evenings until 9. Geo. Mayerle,
German Expert Optician, IOTIV2 Market
street San Francisco. Mail orders tilled. *
Orpheus Concert and Dance.
The first concert and dance of the ,
Orpheus Glee Club took place Friday even- |
ing at Mission Parlor Hall. The dee |
club consists of E. M. L,ong, N. C. Kelson,
J. Pinckney, W. H. Collins, J. L. Drake,
J. J. Malley, F. Martin, F. B. Shor;. t*- B. j
Ferguson, E. E. Aubry, J. H. Wilson, R
L. McKinley, G. J. Lowe and M. F.
Rubanick, with S. J. Sandy as musical
director. The club sang, an orchestra
played President B. L. McKinley spoke
and Messrs. D. Manlloyd, George Bach
marr. Sir,nor Martinez, W. J. Hines, S. J.
Sandy and R. R. Green and Miss Annie
Rooney assisted in giving a varied and
pleasing entertainment. Dancing fol
lowed.
Chinese Prices Going Up.
The price of "chow" is going up.
"Chow" is the preserved food, ginger and
so on, that the Chinese bring here from
China for delicacies. Tea has risen in
price three and one-half cents a pound in
Chinatown. Chinaware and various otner
articles have taken on an upward
tendency. The whole line of Chinese
wares is expected to be more costly soon.
This is the information that the Chinese
give brokers who do n. custom house busi
ness for them. The reason assigned is. the
increased freight rates and the scarcity
of the goods in Chinatown, brought about
by the withdrawal of steamers from the
regular passenger lines between this port
and Hongkong to fit the demands of the
United States transport service. The
Custom-house brokers are doing a com
paratively small business among the
Chinese, because of the infrequency of
the steamer service.
SUPERIOR SECOND-HAND
UPRIGHT PIANOS.
AND A FEW SQUARES.
£5311
r^ y
We are quoting prices on these
instruments that mean a saving
to you of from ioo to 200 per cent
on usual prices.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/O/7-/023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Sixth.
Phone South. 14. Open Evenings.
Dinner Sets.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Imp ortina; Tea Go.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
ioo Stores. .
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS,
' " - Bottlers of o
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS " ° "
Goods delivered •to any part oX th* oltj
Phone. Jessie 1522.Pages ii to 20
FOUR LIVES SACRIFICED
IN PINOLE EXPLOSION
Fire Follows the Demolition of
Two Large Buildings.
Report That Disaster Was Caused by a
Quarrel Over a Young Woman's Af
fection Is Vigorously Denied,
The Dead.
6. T. MORGAN, foreman, single.
WILLIAM TA;LBOT, car driyer, single.
,:N MULHOLLANI}, t. sin
■
O. MATTHEWS, assistant, single.
The Injured.
I 'RGE APPEL, ankle broken.
Oakland Office ?an Francisco Call,
Sept. '■'■ r <-
Cl gs in the little
..- are at half-mast.
; locb this morning ;h<» in-.
. re awakened by a
■ • ha •• learned t'' know
A :brillla • • j bi
then the Inevitable roar
.•stk.n which a
; to ask— "How many, and
■
This, in brief, is tho stnry of the trag
tbat appears In the annals of Pinole
ars. It was told the
last time but fourteen months
la usual in such . do one is
alive to tell how it happened. All those
who might h ive known the cause arc in
ranch morgue. Borne one with a de
..! Started the story
that two of th.- victims were quarreling
the affections of a Pinole damsel, and :'
Morgan was separating t!i<m wh^n
on occurred. The story is flat.
ly c< by Charles Dodge, who
■was li. the ill fated nitTO-glycerine house
but .two minutes before it weot up. He
nays that everything was working us
usual when he -left to go to tho cooling •
house, and that no quarrel was in pro- ■
gress, tho men, at that timo being en
gaged in the delicate operation of draw
ing off the oil..
• A couple of- minutes after 3 o'clock this
morning the explosion was heard -all
: around the bay.. There have been bigger
explosions at .the powder mills along the
Nay shore, but none that did the work of
demolition more completely. • Not one of
■the men in the mixing house escaped, and
not one stick of the building or fragment
of machinery was left in place. Even the
masonry on which the large tanks were !
placed was blown away hundreds of feet.
When the night shift went to work at i
midnight the mixing house was in its :
usual condition. O. T. Morgan was fore- I
man, William Talbot was doing for the
first time the duty of car driver and John
:Mulholland and W. It. Matthews were the
assistants.- For a. lons time the works
have been running light and day. turn
ing out large contracts. This morning it
is supposed that there would be from 4000
to C.OOO pounds of material in the, house
.when the explosion occurred, as the men
should by that time, have run in two
.charges of glycerin.
The men in the house were all expe
rienced and knew their business; and all
had been in the employ of the California
•Powder Company for some time. Old em
ployes say that just before "oil" Is about
to explode It gives off a blue- vapor, and
that when the -flame Is visible it is use
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
The transport Sheridan sailed for Manila yesterday. As she passed down the bay all the tugs and .whistles saluted
her The last "good by" whistle came from the lighthouse tender. Madrono. The latter is taking the place of Lightship 70
on the bar and as the Sheridan passed by Captain Davis blew three long blasts on the siren and dipped his Hag. That was
the last good-by tne boys of the Thirty-third got from San Francisco.
less to do anything but run. From the
attitude in which the bodies were found
some are of the opinion that they had a
premonition of what might be expected
and were running away when they were
killed.
When the hundreds of aroused employes
rushed to the wreck they found nearly an
acre of ground in flames. The two-story
mixing house and the large acid house
were ■■"■■''. the railroad track was blown
away and everywhere was flame ana
fume. Assistant Superintendent T. S. Cat
lett organized the men into a fire brigade
and soon had the fire subdued sufficiently
to permit of a search for the bodies. The
remains of three were soon found, but
for a long time nothing could be learned
of the fate of Mulholland. Small frag
ments were ultimately found a coupie of
hundred yards away and were Identified
as the remains of Mulholland. The body
of Foreman Morgan was found on the
side of the hill on which the building
stood. Beside him -was the carcass of a
horse that had been killed while brows
ing too near the niter house. The cloth-
Ing was torn from Morgan's body and
through his head was a large splinter,
which of itself could have caused instant
death. Morgan lived in Pinole with his
parents and was about twenty-seven
years of age. He had been employed In
the capacity of foreman of the glycerin
house tor about six months.
William Talbot. the driver of the sup
ply car, was an ex-soldier and was about
twenty-five years old. He had been with
the company nearly a year and was tem
porarily selected as supply driver in the
absence of J. A. Kelley, who only left
last night for a vacation. Talbofs body
was not badly mangled and was found
quite near where the nitroglycerin nouse
had been. :.'■
W. R. Matthews was not over thirty
years old and was considered an able as
sistant. His aged parents live away off
In Falrland, Mich., and his friends at
once undertook the unhappy task of com
municating the sad news, for in Pinole
the sorrow of one has by usage become
the concern of all."
John Mulholland lived in San Francisco
and was but twenty-eight years old. For
nearly nine years he has been in the em
ploy of the company and was a mixer of
experience. His remains were difficult to
recover and what was found was identl- I
n>d by the clothing and boots.
Charles Dodge is the lucky man of the
fatality. H<- was In the mixing house a
couple of minutes before the exp.osion
and had just entered the cooking house,
which is about two hundred feet away,
when h" was thrown to the ground and
the building he waa in was badly wrecked.
George Appel was at work on the plat
form of the cooling house when the force
of the shock threw' him off and broke his
ankle.
"When I left the mixing house," said
Dodge, "everything was running as usual.
The four men were all working In
harmony and triers was not the slightest
indication that anything might go wrong.
All talk about their quarreling is non
sense. I had barely reached the cooling
house when I saw the flash and knew that
It was all up. So far as I could judge I
should think there would be about tiOOO
pounds of oil in the house when it went
up."
John P.ermingham Jr., superintendent of
the works, knows no reason why an
explosion should have taken place, and
lias been able to discover none.
"All the men were good workmen," he
said, "and worked together in one crew.
Every precaution possible has been taken
by us to guard against accidents and we
are always warning the men about exer
cising proper care. I cannot learn any
thing that will throw light oa this morn-
Last Good-By to the Thirty-Third.
tine's fatality. I knew each of the four (
! men personally. They were fine fellows, i
■ Any talk that two of them were quarry
ing over a girl is ridiculous and } a ' 5 f-
Ml the men were good friends. I neir
hours were unusual and they were closely
allied and vere always together on ana
off duty. No one more rccrets the ace.
dent than I do. Just what caused It *c
shall never know."
T. S. Catlett, the assistant supenntor.a
ent. was on the ground a few minutes
after the explosion, but could detect »otn-
I Ing among the acres of debris that could
; suggest Its cause. Mr. Catlett shares the
opinion of Mr. Eermingham that any taik
of neglect of precaution caused by vie
crew quarreling is absurd.
In the little village of Pinole group? of
men gathered in the saloons and on the
street corners and talked of the fa-
Some had heard that Talbot and
Matthews were not pood friends, and that
threats had been made by them, a::
the name of a respected young -.?or.
: Pinole was mentioned as being the prime
cause of the trouble. Some believed the j
rumors, others denied them, but al! were
forced to admit that the truth would I
never be known.
Next Wednesday Coroner Curry will
■ hold an inquest at Pinole.
MRS. RABENECK INSANE.
Her Inordinate Craving for and Over
indulgence in Liquor Made
Her Mad.
Coroner Hill held an Inquest yesterday
upon the body of Mrs. May Rabeneck,
who committed suicide last Friday nlpht
In her room at 403 Stevenson street by
hanging herself with a sheet to the bed
post She had made two gashes in her
throat with her husband's razor before
she hanged herself.
The testimony was to the effect that
Mrs. Rabeneck was demented from ex
cessive indulgence in Intoxicating liquors.
Her husband Is a waiter at the Zinkand
and works until midnight. He testified
yesterday that he had pleaded with her
time ami again to refrain from drink, but
that all his pleadings were In vain.
"I went to the saloons and groceries in
the block." he said, "and asked the pro-
prietors, for the sake of humanity, not to
give my wife any liquor. They promised
that they would not, and when I came
home yesterday morning and found her
drunk I questioned her. and she told me
that she had got the liquor at a place on
Mission street."
The woman had been on a protracted
sprrp for several days up to the time of
her death, and imagined that people were
watching and following her with Intent to
do her harm.
The Jury returned a verdict that the
woman committed suicide while tem
porarily insane from drink.
Mrs. Townsend's Forethought.
When Mrs A. S. Townsend bought
twelve hundred copies of tho Wasp sou
venir and presented them to the returning
volunteers she evidently knew they would
be appreciated. Three editions of the
j souvenir have been run off and rapidly
| exhausted, and a fourth edition is now
, Issued to meet the extraordinary de
i mauds. "
The fourth edition Rives up to date pic
j tures. including the presentation of medals
to the volunteers and tho arrivaJ of the
California regulars.
■ ♦ «
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
I or without removal, J. Noonaa, 1017-10^3 Mission.
MORE SOLDIERS
SAIL AWAY FOR
LUZON SWAMPS
Two Thousand Leave
on the Sheridan.
OTHERS TO FOLLOW TO-DAY
LAST OF THE THIRTY-THIRD
AND THIRTY-SECOND.
The First Section of the Twenty-
Eighth Is Expected at the Presi
dio This Afternoon From
Camp Meade, Pa.
Nearly two thousand volunteers called
for the Philippines yesterday afternoon
pn the transport Sheridan and they will
be followed to-day by a thousand or
twelve hundred more who will go out on
the Charles Nelson and the Glenogle. The
Sheridan carried the Thirty-third In
fantry Regiment. ISO 9 men and 51 officers:
Companies B. H and I of the Thirty-sec
ond, 318 men and officers; seventy-five un
assigned recruits and twenty-rive mem
bers of the hospital corps. Captain Hare
of the Seventh Cavalry. w ho goes out as
colonel of t lie Thirty-third, Is an officer
of proved courage and ability and will
undoubtedly make an enviable record In
the Philippines. The three companies of
the Thirty-second were under the com
mand of Major- Spence.
The soldiers left the Presidio . a few
minutes after 11 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing, marching through the streets of tne
city to the water front. They were In
heavy marching order and made a fine
appearance as they passed down Market
street. They arrived at the transport
wharf shortly before noon and Immediate
ly went aboard the Sheridan, which
steamed out of the harbor at 4 p. m.
Among her passengers was Major Robert
H. Noble, assistant adjutant general
f'nited States Volunteers, who has been
assigned to duty on the staff of Major
General E. S. Otis at Manila.
With the departure of the Thirty-sec
ond and Thirty-third the number of regi
ments at the Presidio awaiting trans
portation to the Philippines will be re
duced lo one. the Twenty-ninth, the last
battalion of which arrived from Texas
Friday afternoon. This condition of af
fairs at the reservation will not last long.
however, as the first section of the Twen
ty-- ighth Regiment is expected to reach
San Francisco from Camp Meade, Pa.,
this afternoon and the remainder of the
regiment within the next few days and
rs will follow. The Thirty-first is
quarantined at Angel Island and a bat
talion of the Fortieth Is now being re
cruited at the post.
The discharged sMdiers who arrived
from the Philippines on the City of Para
were being paid off yesterday as fast as
the paymaster and his assistants could
verify "their papers and count out the
money due them. The task proved to be
■ ■ larger proportions than had been an
ticipated, however, and the work was not
completed last night as had been ex
pected. Tne last of the men will be paid
this morning and then they will be at
liberty to go whither they please.
The Minnesota Regiment will be paid
off and mustered out Tuesday and will at
once di part for St. Paul on a special
train, slopping en route at Portland and
possibly at Fiirgo.
Corporal Larranee of the South Dakota
Regiment has been sent to the quaran
tine camp at the Presidio, suffering with
what Is feared will prove a fatal attack
of. smallpox. The two soldiers who were
exposed from associating with him have
been sent to the detention ramp and Dr.
Kinyoun yesterday sterilized the ward
that had been occupied by them.
A furlough of three months has been
granted Sergeant Alfred Voligny, Battery
U, Third Artillery.
Collector of the Port Jackson yesterday
made the following assignments for duty
of former employes who have been serv
ing in the Philippines as members of the
First California Volunteers: W. T. Mulal
ly. chief janitor: H. T. Ruthrauff and A.
H. Cliff ors. reappolnted inspectors: Uoyd
Spencer, formerly clerk to the surveyor,
inspector: Captain T. J. McCreagh, as
sistant weigher; C. E. Kessler and S. 1.
Mnrston. extra assistant weighers. They
will report for duty Monday morning.
SELECTED THE GAS ROUTE.
Charles Butler Attempts to Commit
Suicide in a Sixth-Street
Lodging-House.
Charles Butler, agent for a photographic
company, attempted to commit suicide
yesterday morning by turning on the gas
in his room In the Glenbrook House. 116
Sixth street, and If it had not been for
the fact that the landlady as usual turned
off the gas at the meter at 5 o'clock in
the morning his attempt would have been
successful.
Butlor engaged the room Friday night
about 8 o'clock. He stuffed up every
crevice where the gas might escape and
then lay down in bed after turning the
gas on full. He was discovered about 11
o'clock yesterday morning by Mrs. Fields,
the bedmaker, who promptly gave the
alarm, and he was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital in an unconscious condition.
Restoratives were Immediately applied,
and the chances are that he will recover.
He had written a letter to W. S. Waters.
937 Mission street, and on the envelope
across the address was written: "To my
dear brother and wife and little girl: "i
cannot stand this terrible pain any
more." He had also written on a card:
•■(.lf> to 1036 Market street nnd get my
things. God fc rglve me. Charley."
He attempted to commit suicide last
Thursday night at 1065 Market street,
where he had bt<'n living f~r a week, by
the gns route. It Is said thpt he was
rccntlv rilvDrced from his wife. He
strained himself a few days iij'i and suf
fered considerable pain In consequence.
He is about S3 years of age.
See "Keith's" millinery window, Phelan
building, for novelties In new colors. •
LEGION OF CANDIDATES
PASSING IN REVIEW
Horace Davis Confers With the
Republican Caucus Committee.
The Party Actively Engaged in the Work of
Bringing Forward Good Men for the
Board of Supervisors.
<7ryP N'OTHER session of the Repub-
II yy lican caucus will be held at B'nal
/==\ B'rith Hall to-morrow evening.
U for the Board of
Supervisors and Judges of the
Police Court will then be considered. The
I committee appointed by the caucus to rec
! ommend suitable men for the Supervis
| orial ticket consists of the following
j named delegates: Charles L. Field. E. L.
Nolan. J. K. C. Hobbs. Robert Husband,
J. D. Mahoney. T. V. Marshall. R. Mit
chell. L. Gibbons, J. J. Morehouse, Wal
lace Bradford, W. D. Kenyon and ■J.
Le filer. j
The foregoing committee (Charles'; I*
Field, chairman) held two sessions at the
Grand Hotel headquarters yesterday.
Horace Davis attended the evening ses
sion. Following is a complete list of the
names recommended by the committee:
Charles Bliss, Al Bouvier. George Alpers.
E. W. Forello. A. F. Roberts. W. B. Curtis.
XV. E. Bridge. A. H. Melletz. J. F. Young.
J ' B Whitney, H A. Brown. M. J. Mcßrlde.
Robert Ewing. H. C. Robinson. W. P. Buck
ingham. L. A. Morgenstern. G. W. H. Pat
terson. Joseph Brittan, Fred P. Stone. Wil
liam Schroder, Samuel Foster, V. D. Duboce.
\V G. Doane.. F. J. Koster. Robert Toplitz.
H. Burfelnd. E. J. Le Breton, L. A. Rea,
John A. Lennon, Jeremiah Mahoney. Robert
McMillan, E. G. Morris. W. C. Johnson. J. K.
1 Wilson. P. N. Lllienthal.
Frank Symmes, D. C. M. Goodsell. M. S.
i Jeffers. James Homers. J. P. LeCount. Wil
'■ liam Watson. Martin Jones, George A. Rutz.
I George T. Shaw, C. M. Depew. Charles :M.
Kapp Henry C. George, James E. Field, Ed
win W. Tucker, Adam Beck. Andrew Christen
pen M H Hecht. Thomas Henderson. Cha-rles
Boxton. Willis Brown, Andrew McElroy.
Charles J. King. D. L,. Furnsworth, Louis
Slosa Jr. E. A. Selfrtdge, George E. Dow,
John H. Gray. Joseph Hyman James M.
' Wllklns George R. Sanderson. John- Middleton,
| Warren O. Clark, Nathan Blbo, Leon Sloss.
IC. S. Wright. M. R. Roberts Jr.. Charles
Fisher.
From-*the foregoing list the caucus will
doubtless select eighteen candidates.
The committee of twelve appointed by
the Republican caucus: Friday night, to
i receive applications and pass upon the
qualifications of aspirants for Police
Judges, met yesterday afternoon In the
! assembly room on the fourth floor of the
j Parrott "building. George W. Schell act
i ing as chairman. In all there were nine
! applicants who felt that a nomination was
all that was necessary in order that the
judicial ermine .fall on their respective
SL U G Carpenter. Prosecuting Attorney In
Judge Tread well's court, was the first
applicant called on to qualify before the
committee and under the clause which
states that all applicants must be admit
ted to practice before the Supreme Court
for at least five years next preceding
election, just slipped in, having been ad
i mitted five years and one day before the
Police Judge of De
partment 3, stated that he was willing
■ to take a renomlnatlon. He felt certain
i that if nominated he would be elected.
' As to the five-year clause In the charter
; he stated that though, he had been practic
! ing 1 for a much longer period he had not
passed in the Supreme Court for the al
°G. 6 C. l Groezingef. presiding Justice of
. the Peace, was called upon, and was sat
isfied that he was In line for promotion,
! and would not refuse a seat In the Police
I ° H irt L Joachlmsen, who is now Prose
; outing Attorney In Police Court 1. gave
-record, which Is a long one having
' been Justice of the Peace for about M-
Judge for four terms. He said he w<is
willing to make another run.
Frank J. Kingwell also felt confident of
elected if handed the nomination -He
depends on the revoking of the Qualiflca
ii,,n clause however, as he \oted in
Murln County In 1894. and consequently
HEALTH BOARD MAKES
SOME APPOINTMENTS
LAUNDRY AND BAKERY INSPEC
TORS GIVEN PLACES.
Will Ask Supervisors to Pass an Or
dinance Regulating the Crema
tion of Dead Bodies.
The Board of Health at a special meet
ing last night picked out . a number of
heads for oflicial decapitation and ap
pointed others In their stead. There were
also several appointments to the places
abolished last August. Fortified by Judge
Hunt's decision placing the general fund
at the disposal of the board, the positions
of laundry and bakery, inspectors were
created. The full board was present and
the programme which was prepared at
the secret caucus went through without
a hitch, except for the mild opposition of
Mayor Phelan. who presided. The latter
i stated that he considered Judge Hunt de
cision as logically absurd, since the board
might by wholesale appointments deplete
the general fund, to the exclusion of the
rest of the employes of the city govern
ment Dr. Uarba; quoted the code, which
empowered the board to employ any num
ber of employes for the proper conduct of
the Health Office, and the removals and
annolntments went merrily on.
following appointments were .made:
Peter Devany. superintendent of the City
Cemetery vice ft. H. Smith, removed:
assistant secretary. Victor Morsse. vice
Peter Devany: nurse at the 'Almshouse.
Mrs Wilson, vice. Mrs. Close, removed:
teamster at ' Almshouse. Felix Lusten
berwr vice A. M. Ryan, removed: chief
mTrket injector. M. F. Witzmann: por
te"city 'county Hospital. J. J Nlch
,slnn Vice' J "C. Q-ulrin. removed; ma-
St City and County Hospital. John
n'Xefll • vice John Benton. removed; store
keeper.' Almshouse M. F. Taylor, vice J.
S Drew removed ;• laundry, inspector,
Tnhn Coulter: watchman. City and County
ifosDlta 1 O D. Read, vice J. Stemp. re
moved" day nurse. Almshouse. B. W. Con
nollv vice John Cuddy, removed; assist
ant "market inspector. Peter Gaulsen; as
sistant plumbing inspectors— J. D.- Nolan.
James Scott,- Frank Browell; assistant
food inspectors— . Theall. E. •: G.
Hornlein, B: M. Jones; health . inspectors—
John A. Hoey. T. R. Sullivan, ■ : ■
p J Cullen. night steward at the Re
ceiving Hospital, presented his resigna
! tion, which was accepted, but the vacancy
i was not filled. . • •
• At the request of Cooper Medical -Col-
I lege. J. L. Arbogast, W." C. Bailey and
Albert S. McCoy were, appointed internes
at the County Hospital.
A petition signed by fifty physicians was
read asking the board to secure the en
actment of an ordinance regulating the
cremation of dead bodies. The ordinance
will be presented to the Supervisors and
will require an application to be filed by
the physician in attendance or some rela
tive of the dead person when 1 cremation is
desired. A violation of the ordinance la
punishable by a fine of $500 or six months'
Imprisonment.
Pages 11 to 20
| has not attained a five years' residence
in San Francisco.
I Charles A. Low. In making application,
j stated that he had been a resident of
| California since 1857. and was admitted
to practice before the Supreme Court in
; 1869; was elected Justice of the Peace and
I had thrice been elected Police Judge.
! James L. Nagle had been advised by his
1 friends to seek a nomination, and as he
' could qualify he was willing to "take the
; advice of his friends." and he asked the
committee to consider his name in making
up its list.
Kx-Judge Edwin M. Sweeney, in mak
| ing his application, pointed "with pride"
I to his record as Police Judge, his only
I regret being as to Its shortness. Th*
young attorney said that if given the
I nomination he would make an active cam
paign, and after election would "deal out
justice to the satisfaction of the entire
community."
Judge Treadwell was the last applicant,
I and said that if nominated he would con
duct his office in a fitting manner and do
all In his power to gain the confidence of
the people.
The commitee took the applications un
der consideration and went into executive
session, to report next Monday night.
Jasper McDonald, chairman of the Dem
ocratic Local Nominating Convention, has
issued a call for the delegates to us^crn
ble at Native Sons' Hall on Mason street
at S o'clock to-morrow evening. The con
vention will proceed at once to the nom
ination of a municipal ticket -Mr. Mc-
Donald, at an early stage of the proceed
ings, will announce the names of forty
county eommitteemen at large. He was
'at work on the list yesterday. The forty
men to be appointed by the chairman will
register the will of Gavin McNab on all
questions pertaining to party manage
t ment in the municipal campaign this year
| and in the great campaign of 1900.
R. V. Whiting, chairman of the Demo
cratic convention's committee of seven to
select candidates for the Board of Super
visors, was s-t-n last evening. He said
that the committee had made some prog
ri-s.s. but would not be ready to submit
i the list until to-morrow evening. Another
session of the committee will be held to
; morrow.
From other sources It was learned that
the committee had considered ninety
names and reduced the list to twenty
eight. Ten of the remaininig twenty
eight may be eliminated before tne hour
appointed for th> a convention to assemble.
The delegates will not be bound to nomi-
I nate the eighteen indorsed by the com
' mitee. hut the recommendation of Gavin
McNa.b'B seven will have weight.
1 The Republican caucus committee on
: Supervisors did not adjourn until a late
j hour last night. Horace Davis remained
i with the committee until 11 o'clock. An
' other session will be held Monday after-
I noon. The list is still open and more
; names will be enrolled before it Is printed
j for the convenience of delegates. The
caucus will endeavor to select eighteen
• candidates from all the names submitted.
; The Republican convention's commit
tee on order of business. Colonel A. S.
Huhbard .'hairman, met at Grand Hotel
' headquarters last night. Two reports will
'be presented. One will express the sense
! of the league delegates that the Mayor
shall be nominated first, and the other
will recommend the nomination of Su
pervisors first. After the adoption of a
'■ jMatfotm of principles, nominations will
Ibe taken up. The order will closely ad
i here to the form designated in the new
charter.
Democratic politicians are agitated over
! the news that Eugene N. Dcuprey is mak
mig a hot contest to gain the nomina
tion for District Attorney.
1 At a meeting of the Forty-fifth District
! delegates to the Democratic Convention
last night Dr. T. B. W. Lei and was re
; quested to submit his name to the con
vention as a candidate for Coroner. The
. delegates promise him their united and
: individual support to secure his nomlna-
I tion.
OPPOSITION TO THE
TOWING OF RAFTS
Representatives of Several Organiza
tions Begin an Agitation to Avert
a Peril of the Sea.
One year ago yesterday morning the
steamer Santa Rosa narrowly escaped
running into a log raft that had broken
adrift. The rotator of the steamer's
patent log, towing astern, was carried
away by the logs, which wore within a
fpw feet of the vessel. There were on tho
vessel 370 persons. They escaped death
by only a few f»et. It was then 3 o'clock
in the morning and a gale was blowing.
Last evening, on the anniversary of that
incident, representatives of various or
ganizations connected with the shipping
Interests of this port met in the Pilots"
Hall in the ferry building to take sums
action, in view of the log raft recently
adrift, to bring about legislation to pre
vent the towing of log rafts to or from
any port In the United States.
A bill was once prepared for passage
and it had the endorsement of the entire
Congressional f.t-legation from California,
of the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce and of Supervising Inspector Du
mont. The bill was Introduced In Con
gress when the Spanish war was under
consideration a.nd with otner measures
was snowed under. This bill was read
last night and the endorsements were also
I Inspected.
Captain Henry Taylor presided. Re
marks were martp by Captain Thomas
Wallace. Mr. Fuereseth of the Coast Sea
men's Union, E. E. Bullene of the Marire
Engineers. J. Van Buren Perry and
others, all favoring some action. At the
end of an hour of discussion the appoint
ment of a temporary committee to for
ward the work of advocating the passage
I of a proper law against the towing of log
rafts at sea was proposed. Upon the ob
jection of Mr. Bullene. that the repre
sentatives present were not authorized to
act, it was voted that reports should ba
made to the several bodies and that a
future meeting, should be held at which
definite action could be authorized and
a fuller representation could be secured
' from the Chamber of Commerce and other
j organizations.
A Rebekah Social.
California Rebekah Lodge No. 1 will
five a social to its friends In its hall next
aturday night.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.12
C= — HE splendor of th 9 Martin-Goad
|| wedding spread a glow over an
I otherwise dull and uninteresting
jj, week. There are no prospects for
this week in the shape- of startling
jjayeties and everything points toward a
late season. There are a large number
of CalifornJans abroad enjoying all the
glittering delights of the European capi
tals. Major and Mrs. Darling and Miss
Hastings have been I ending the past few
weeks In visiting Germany. With a party
of army and navy people, including
Colonel and Mrs. Middleton, Mr. and Mrs.
Howison, Commodore and Mrs Hender
son, Miss Henderson. Major and Mrs.
Darling witnessed the magnificent review
of 30,t>X) troops by the German Emperor
at Cronstadt.. Mrs. John Tallant, with
Miss Roto Hooper, is in Paris, and Miss
Marie Zone is with Mr. and Mrs. T.
Cito de uuaterio in Paris. The Onaterios
have given up Chichley Hail in England
nnd have taken apartments In the Bois
de Boulogne, where they will make their
home.
They're Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Mi?""
Carrie Dresner to Sam Schneider, both of
this city. They will receive to-day (Sun
day), from - to 5 o'clock, at the resi
dence of Miss Dresner's parents, l■' ■ Va
lencia street.
The engagement is announced of There
sa M. Solomon, daughter of Louis Solo
mon, to Moe S. Hartman, both of this
city. They will receive to-day from - to
B o'clock at the residence of A. Fisher,
P4C McAllister street.
Mrs. Emily Dyer announces that the
marriage of "her daughter. Miss Emily M. .
Dyer, to Smith O'Brien, is to be cele
brated Monday, October 9.
In the Future.
A gTand ball will be given by the San
Francisco Frauen Verein at Saratoga Hall
on Sunday evening, October S.
The O. C. O. Cotillon Club Is now or
ganizing for the corning season and will
give its first assembly and german at
Golden Gate Hall on Friday evening. Oc
tober 27. During the season the club will
hold six assemblies. The executive, com
mittee of the club is composed of Henry
C. Ohlandt, Leslie I. Coggins, Joseph H.
O'Brien and Charles M. . ifflcy.
The organization of the First Friday
Cotillon is progressing favorably, and if
a sufficient number is secured within the
next few days It is intended to give the
llrst ball of the second season in Assem
bly Hall Red Men's building, Friday,
October 6.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Gutfltadt will cele
brate the twenty-fifth anniversary of
their wedding at their residence, 813^
Lombard Btreet, to-day. They will re
ceive their friends from 2 to 5 p. m.
Club Parties.
The Tuesday Night Club, now in the
second season, held its first cotillon in Co
tillon Hall, on Polk street. A most pleas
ant party was enjoyed by every one. Two
pretty figures of the german were led by
W S. Reed and Miss M. Croell. The Tues
day Nights will: hold their receptions on
\h'e third Tuesday of every month in Co
tillon Hall. :
Home Gatherings.
On Sunday evening, September 24, a
birthday party was tendered to Miss
Amelia, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. C.
Marx, at their residence, D 27 Grove street.
It was a very enjoyable affair. There wa-s
excellent singing and fa Cakewalk by Miss
Marie, Ethel Benton; Alma Stade, Misa
Minr.i'e Bradley and others. Dancing fol
lowed the supper at midnight.
' On Wednesday evening, September 20,
Mr. and Mrs. Fitzpatrick.: ga%'e a supper
tit their residence, 1103 Shotwell street, in
honor of Lieutenant Glass of Los Angeles,
Lieutenant Koehane, Sergeant T. J. Fltz
patrick, Sergeant Frank McLaughlin, Ser
geant J. J. Fitznatrick and Musician An
derson. Those invited were: M'.ss Jeanie
• F&irgrieve, Miss-Nora Lyons, Miss Cecelia
Fitzpatrlck, Miss TilHeWicsheirner, Miss
Emma Struven,. Miss May Lyons, Miss
Marguerite Fitzpatrick, Miss Louise StfU
ven, Mips Agnes McClernOn; Miss May
Fitzpatrick, Mi.ss Minnie • Struven, Miss
Lizzie Falrgrieve, Miss Kate Fitzpatrick,
Miss May Conroy, Miss Annie Mclaugh
lin Mi.-s Sadie Kurly; Miss Annie Feu-
Btel, Miss Dorothy Fitzpatrick, Miss Gert
rude Fitzpatrick, Mr. and Mrs. McGan
r.on, Walter Klein, Herman Fuhfberg, Joe
-.McJUa.ug'hlin, Otis St. Denis, Frank -I rel an.
Tile Misses >rine and Delphlne Jen
nings held a reception on Tuesday even
inj;\last at their residence, 'ZTi'. J , Pierce
street, in honor of Lieutenant Harry Mc-
Gurtien. The decorations, which were of
red, ■'■ white and blue ribbons, ferns and
smilax, were most beautiful. The invited
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. Thompson,
Mr. and Mrs. Nostrum, Mrs. W. Jennings,
Mrs. K. Dowie,- Misses Alzadia Morris,
Marguerite Duffee, Caroline rimer, Lil
lian Ferry, Dora Hlnk, Norine Jennings,
Delphine Jennings, Lieutenant McGurren,
Lieutenant Petty, Lieutenant 5 Kendall ,
Frank Reynolds, Rudolph Ulmer, Jack
Duffee, Harry Jarmen, Harry Perry, ■■:•
bert Watts, Mr. Brien and William Dcwie.
. A 'very delightful party was; given by
Mlcts Grace Sullivan at the home of her
parents. HoO Sacramento. street; on Satur
day afternoon, September 16. ■ Dancing
and games wero engaged in during the
greater part of the afternoon, and at 5
o'clock refreshments were served. Among
"those p resent. J.were: Misses Frances Stew-'
.art. Maria Marburg, Marion: Barhyte
-Dorothy Weed, Bertha- Marburg. Claire
- Kennedy, Annie Cobine, Alura Shoer.feld
Emily Rave, Vtbrana Kennedy Clotilda
Polastri. Gertrude Tormey, Carrie Mann
Rose Re:;, May Murray Doris Bern
stein, Ethel McMann and Josephine Mo-
Mann, and Masters Richard Polaatri,
_^_____ • ADVERTISEMENTS.
SISTER: READ MY FREE OFFER
>^^Bjs%v ■ Wisg Worts : to Sufferers
4^^S|k — m a Woman of Hotre Dame ' lnd<
fflpWSte?' I will malt, free of any char?*, this Home Treat-
■sBKts3i3r-*% ll!\ Wlt h fuil mstrucvions and th« history of my own
KMM^^li^^MSz£mWW\\% toany lady suffering irom female trouble. You
■Sm'llm^^^ II 1 ShvfCJ 0 -* 0 "^"/?.' home w *«>out the aid of »ny
miiii ! »ffAW^S^ ''yss^mWM\ 1 P h > siclan - •< will, cost you nothing to five the
IWoffijs7 TsBp ' \Pii#A\ 1 tr ?^ ml \ nt a trial, and if you decide to continue it
• ffls MIW&rJjM ■ &/&3yf-**v}\\i ', v f>nly cost - you »tout twelve cents a week.
WM'lin ■"!&s&*& ?TL I M/s\%\ If I*-* 111 not interfere with your work or occupation.
WM^NSaA " zffls*iW\\J thutTsa^UaTlf Itcu"' Tell .other sufferersof it; -
-v/l/l ' ; ''f^*^^.^ ' '(i'fkW ' I . tc - ureBaU 'y oun fi'.°rold.
yß&wMSiMi'' --^.^A'AWII' ■ , ■ ir ']( y° u feel a bearing-down sensation, sense of
\EJ ■ 'lliß^f Impending- en], pam in the back or bowels, creeping
-' Wffif tiP ■fctiuUf upthespme, a. desire to cry frequently, hot
W7'//: r^ ;; - ■•-' wfflfy W ' flashes, weariness, frequent desire to urinate, or if you
>V '■• ttW -•■!%?;'' Jr Leucorrhea (Whites', Displacement ; or Fallinir
Xi^>'/-- 'Vi & * m&^ °* tne Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Periods
. " 2 ■ Tumors or Growths, address MRS. M SUMMERS*
" i ■• NOTRE DAME, IND. f V. S. A., for' the* Free
J- . ' •'-• = Treatment and Poll Information'
Thousands besides myself have cured themselves with it. I ' rend it in plain wrappers.
TO MOTHERS OP DAUGHTERS I will explain a simple Home Treatment which speedily and
effectually .cures JLevcor.rhea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young- ladies.
It will save you anxiety and expense and. tare your daughter the humiliation of explaining' her
troubles to others: Plumpness and health always result from its use.
Wherever you live I can refer you to well-known ladies of your own state or county who know and
will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all diseased conditions of our
delicate female organism, thoroughly strengthens relaxed muscles and ligaments which cause dis-
placement, and makes women well. Write to-day, as this offer will not be made again. Address
MRS. M. SUfiriERS, Box 34, Notre Dame, Ind., U. A.
SOCIETY
Frank Murray, Sullivan, George I
v, Frank McMann, Harry Jones,
■ leld.
A most enjoyable afternoon was. spent j
■ the home of Mr. and Mni. !
. in bonor of the !
first birthday anniversary of their .daug-h- j
ter, Viola. Mrs. Bowen was assisted In i
alning the little folks by Mrs. Shep- !
Mrs. Marbourg and Mrs. HaskJns. I
Those present were: Tommy Kane, Hat
■ l Raymond Haskins, Alfarata Shop
ston, Walter Herbert and Eda Zimmer- I
man. Grade and Maud Hammond, Irene'
Marbdurg, Lulu Anderson, George and
Viola Bowen, Lizzie Llndevald, Peter Da
; A reception and banquet was given. in
of Corpora: M. L. Markowltß, Com-
A. First California Volunteers, by
me, 228 Fell street, :
- • ember .4.
The ear:. ; was spent i
in sin ring and «peaking. At 10:80
to the banque-t hall
wheri Markowlta was presented
; with a g id medal by his many friends
•• - a tok^n of their apredation of his he
work In the: Philippines. The pi
a genuine surprise to the gal
dier. but he made a grace
• of thanks to the friends
: around the festal board, In
whlci. - Id the honor of his regimen:
and oomradea in arms. As soon as ne had
finished speaking t.he ball rang with
cheers for Corporal Markowltz and the
ting First. The tranquet hail was
I nilly decorated with flowers and
.Piquet was over all ad"
journed to the Jiii.v ). U] where several
■ t until "Home.
Home," whs i .
iiev.ell party wus tendered to the
i.aura
Hughes Saturda ■ ber 23.
The
: the evening was a Cakewalk
by Miss Mam: Rior
: dan. Charles d'Arcj and W. I>. Hughes,
it were: Miss Laura
: and Katie Hughes, Miss Mamie Ryan,
Miss Lena Rlordan, Miss Maj
Emma Graham, Miss Eva M
k< y and < feoi ■ ney; L, l
Louis Clark. J. Murphy, J. Lally, Cl
d'Arcy, W. D. Hughes, Fred ■
Harry Fraser, Frank Hayilen and Ch
Greenbaum.
An enjoyable musicale was given in
honor of Miss Ethel Taylor's eigi:
; birthday at her home, 1129 Broa .
Wednesday, September 20. Those who
participated were thi ' . ima, M'.n-
Edlth Williams; Miss Susan
! Schultz, Miss Lorraine Dickson, . d
Mi £ 3rs. Conrad Tj :•
. Charlie and Walter Schultz. Among I
•
r. Miss Corrine Men eier, Mrs ,
sun. Mrs. Dick- nnie Dickson,
Bertha . .: Johnson,
Schultz. Supper was served, alter
which there w..- dan Ing until a late
; One of the prettiest social affairs of last
week was the dinner part;, given by Mrs.
kii s In ho
■
■
was . I with fl wers,
labor
nu a s hestra rend« •• d
Mrs. and Miss il
will leave for a trip tv i.
on or al • i ictpber.
An enjoyable Burpris* party was ten-
S< ptember 19, to
William H. Di f Com] qj a,
Firs i . . • :.
. v Vallejo terrace, by
Eliza
f the
md games, which
kept up vi in the morning.
The following pi > gram me waj
Josie .Mesa, Mary
ran, Hope Mecready
and Ida Sv,:karJ, ;:ia!io solos, Missts Lot
. ! :ez and J . rry; reo
; itatioi.s. Miss Kitty O'Brien and Se'ligman
Katz; cakewalk, Louis d- Franay. At
midnight .. ■ • ie din-
Ing-r rated wf.th the
lanterns and evergreens.
! Among thrise. present were: Mr afad Mrs.
Norrie, Mrs. 1 Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Fry, Mrs. Mecready, Mrs. Kell-
Irq, Mrs. Dai I M rles Schup
pert, Mis. Brisch, Mr. and Mrs. Neil Carl
■ son, Mrs. J. Walsh. Mlssea Emily Ohlsen,
Fannie Daniels, Tiny Corcoran, Josie
Mesa, Lotl guez, Kitty O'Brien.
Aggie Mcßae, Ida Swikard, Clara Anaya,
> Lizzie Dusenberry, I . Lot
.
ta Echoverria, Mar;, Josie
nberry ami Irene Grei rs. El
of Company \
of Company A, Seligman
of Company A. \\ .
my A. Tommy Allen of Company A,
Willl . Willie Blngham,
I ranay, Ed Eastman,
1 1 Mort, Tom R
; Willie Martinez, Charles I 1
; crt Mor< ' - . M ••• Mi r
bforrie, John Galllndo, Mr. Rae and
; Tom Williams.
A pleasa in was tendered Lieu-
Mc( i irren
California Vol his sister,
am W. A ■ . : ;• :
:i last Sunday
: g. Among thi were: Mr.
Mrs. Jan . Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas J. Curley, Mr. and Mrs. William
X . ■ I 'arrie
V ■ ■ Ulmi r, v
Amy and ■ A.-k-
I . nant Goddell, Lieutenant
Petty. Sergeant Turtin. William F. James,
Frank Shean ani Master Charles H. Ack
■-■■■•
Last Wednesday nipht Mr. and Mrs.
Frank H. entertained the mem
bi ra of the Ladles' Aid Society of Fair
Oaks Camj
■ ■
They were treat! : tO a
ie, whi< h Included a
from "Robin Hooi
a. Miss ! • .
I M.1, .-i.i ; V ca '■ ■-• li
Towli ■ tion, Misa nollj ;
. ■ ptlve of a trip to Ma
nila, Albert Duhem; solo. ?.Ir. .-
a. Duhem ajccompanlst; and \
Miss Chen there
: was dancing and a march to the dinfrig
where dainty refreshments pr
by the hostess \ :
inn and Miss Ma i n, awaited
the euests. Those who were present were
Mr. and Mrs. Charles J. Handley, Mrs.
Esther C. 1 >unn, Mrs. S ■ , ihe
es Norton, Lindsay, McClellan, Bro
ger. Mac Dunn. Mayne Phelan, Essie C.on
noliy, Blanche Duhem, Alice (;. To'wle
and Emma Baly; Edgar E. Falkner Mr
Uerr, W. C. Nowe, A. Duhem, W. E. Bart-
Harold Duhem, John a. McGee m
r, Victor Duhera, L. Craig, Arthur
Dunn. August Duhem and Frank R.
Handley Jr.
A must enjoyable surprise party was
given to. Miss Amelia Hamilton at her
• ■ - View by Mrs. w. Nichols
friends Friday night, September 15.
ing. vocal and ntal music
arid choice refreshments filled out the fly
• till early dawn. The rid<
- was quite a pleasant I
c merrymaking. Some of the i
foniia and Minnesota soldiers were a,
the guests. Those present were: Mrs
IIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
Quinn, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Green, Mrs.
W. Xichols. Miss Eva Quinn, Miss Jtijia
Glennon, Miss Lyda Jordan, Miss Lillian
Mahon, Miss Marion E. Kupp. Miss Elsie
Allen, Miss Irene McLeod, Miss Lillian
Cook, Miss Jessie Turner, "Miss Alice
Adams, Miss Ethel Nelson, Miss Lola Ma
hon, Miss Josephine Jacobs, Miss Maud
Mahon, Miss Mabel White, George Keane,
Ernest McKc-e, Morgan Sweeney, Major
Allen, Lieutenant E. Gorman, Walter Jor
dan, Corpora] James Gore, G. Spooner,
Dr. Joseph Richards, George Creighton,
James Magee, George Taylor, Charles
Morgan, Ed .Glennon, George Rosenbaum,
G. Goughran. J. Collins, W. Lawton. Ser
geant 11. Holorum, John Toppazio and
Charles Young.
Mrs. James Morris gave a surprise
i birthday party to her husband, James
Morris, at their residence, 1414 Turk
street, September 16. Dancing, music and
games added to the enjoyment of the
evening, and at midnight a repast was
j served. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Heath, Mr. Llnderman, Miss Lizzie
i Kober, Thomas Murray, Mrs. 1 Sheldon of
■ Frultvale, Thomas McCullough, Miss
Maggie Carey, Charles Monroe, Miss
Minnie Carey, Thomas J. McCormack,
; Miss Lizzie Luvisi, James Gegin, Mrs.
Luvlsi, Mr. Hunter and Miss Bella
Chare. •..'
. An enjoyable birthday party was ten- |
I dered to Miss Lorctta J. Cooney by her i
many little friends at her parents' resi- j
dence, 586 San Jose avenue, on the evening i
,of the Kith ult. A merry time was had
'' by all present. The rooms were decorated
with lanterns and bunting, presenting an
enchanting scene. Music and games, In
terspersed with singing and cakewalks by
| Miss Ella Kutledge, consumed the greater
I portion of the evening, after which an ex
'■ cellent supper was served. Miss Loratta
iJ. Cooney was the recipient of many
! presents t'ronj her little friends. The foi
i [owing were present: Miss Ella Rutledge,
Miss Madeline Rutledgo. Miss Ella Bun
yan, Miss Marie Graham, Miss Loretta
Manning, Miss Margaret Carroll, Miss
Mamie Murphy, Miss Myrtle Kensel, Miss
Genevieve Cahill, Miss Loretta Cooney,
, Miss Cleo Ross, Master Willie Doran,
Master Willie Bunyan, Master Howard
I Dougherty, Master Willie Dougherty,
Master Stevie Sullivan, Mr. and Mrs. T.
j Bunyan; Mr. and Mrs. J. Sullivan, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Manning, Mr. and Mrs. J. Rut
ledge. Mr. and Mrs. M. Dougherty, Mr.
and Mrs, R. Cooney, Mrs. G. Graham,
--i Mrs. W. Doran. Mrs. ('. Stephens, Mrs.
, W. Hensley, Mrs. W. McParland, Mrs.
W. Cahill, Mrs. J. Ross, J. Cooney and
J. Carroll.
, A pleasant gathering recently was held
'■ at the residence of the Misses McKays,
1727 McAllister street, in honor of Miss
! Maude McKay's birthday. A very enjoy
! able evening was spent, the early part
I being devoted, to music and games.
• Among those present wer«: Misa
I Eveline McKay, Miss Maude McKay, Miss
Eva. Garrity, Miss Lottie Neil, Miss Mar
guerite O'Kecfe, Frank Ahem, Fred
! Smith, Gustavo Johnson, George Jansen.
i Olln Berry, Merch Winters and Ed
I Becker.
; There was a pleasant party at the resi
dence of Thomas Woods, 4231 Twenty
i sixth street, on September 17. Some of
| his numerous friends had gathered there
i to bid him adieu on the eve of his ue
; parture for a prolonged stay in the coun-
I try and wish him "good luck" for his
; prospective raids upon game, big and lit
j tie. Mr. Wood? is a noted hunter of more
i than local fame. The jolly company which
! created and enjoyed the mirthful evening
I was composed of Mr. and Mrs. Woods.
' Misses ran, May, Hazel and Maud
i Woods. Mr. and Mrs. A. Wolff, Masters
: Mont and Fred Wolff of Fruitvale, B.
I Will.. of Milwaukee, Mr. and Mrs. J. B.
Niderost; Miss Aiice Niderost, Master E<l
-! mund Niderost; Mr. and Mrs. F. G. Wis
| k-r. Miss Minnie Wlsker, J. Rae. Mrs.
Fairfield; Mrs. Sarah Brunner and little
i Miss Carrie Brunner.
A reception was recently tendered to
! two of the returning volunteers of Call
. fornia who served during the Spanish
i American war in the Philippine Islands in
■ the regular United States army — Peter
: Costa of the Third Artillery, Battery L,
; and Theodora Weismann of Troop E,
: Fourth Cavalry— at the residence of Mrs.
•John Staude; 113 Trenton street. The fol
lowing invited guests were present: Mrs.
. John Staude, ex-Lieutenant F. Staude,
Pecond Lieutenant John Stand-, Privates
Peter Costa. Theodore Welsmann, Cor
' poral C. J. Staude, Mr. and Mrs. L. Weis
mann, G. Weismann, J. Rothman, Charles
: Cfironte, Ed Korton, H. Staude. Ed Ililde
i brandt, W. Hildebrandt, Joe Ernest, Jim
j Figer and Mr. Flgeac. The banquet hall
; was handsomely decorated with American
I flags.
San Rafael: William H. Mahar was ten
; dered a reception last Saturday evening
by his parents In honor of hi? return from
: Manila. Mr. Mahar is a Californian, but
I enlisted as a musician in th* Minnesota
! band. He served with the organization
' through the campaign in the Philippines
i and returned with the regiment a fv-sv
j weeks ago. At the reception given In his
■ honor there were present about seventy
! five of the most prominent people of San
• Rafael. All enjoyed a very pleasant even
; ing, an elaborate repast being served. The
1 house was nicely decorated and the !
■ grounds about the place were illuminate'!
with Japanese lanterns," presenting a
very picturesque appearance. Mr. and
j Mrs. Phil S. Bronson were present and
! . rendered several vocal selections. Speech-!
1 <■•> were made, and all present congratu
j lated Mr. Mahar upon his safe return.
Miss Elsie H. Liebes will resume her
day at home on the fourth Wednesday of
I the month at her new residence, * 2330
| .Broadway.
Personals.
\ The following passengers sailed for
{ Europe on the Hamburg American Line
j steamer Fuerst Bismarck from New
j York on- the 21st inst.: Miss Agnes :
I Buckley, Miss Elizabeth Keenan, Master ;
i .Thomas Buckley, Master Richard Buck- \
jiev, John Larsen. Mrs. John Larsen and
i child and Miss Nellie Hare.
: Mr. and Mrs. Q. A. Chase, Miss Helen
j and George Chase arrived in New York i
, on the 23d Inst. by the steamer St. Paul
! after having spent two months in travel
-1 ing through Germany, France and Eng
land. They will be home about Octo
ber 10.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Blaskower have left
I for an extended Eastern trip, and will
! also visit Tampa, Key West and Florida.
i Mr. Blaskower will combine business with
I pleasure. •
Mrs. Calvin Nutting and family havo
I moved to 16U Sacramento street from
I l- 18 Clay street.
. Miss Pauline Wormse.r is at the Waldorf-
Astoria, New York. She will remain In
New York during the Dewey celebration
j Mrs. farah A. Keith and William II
i Keith sailed for Europe Tuesday, Sep
tember 19.
• Mrs. Margaret O'Callaghan and the
: Misses O'Callaghan are at Santa Monica.
Mrs. Clark Burnham has returned from
the country and will be "at home" Tues
: days at P3C Haight street.
Lbs Arjgeles.
: One of the most elegant and important
:. social functions ever held In Los Angeles
was the farewell reception given by Mr.
and Mrs. R. H. Howell for their daugh
ter, Mrs. Mark B. Lewis, who will leave
|. early in October to join her husband in
j Montgomery, Ala,, where they will reside
iin future. The Howell mansion in West N
: Seventh street, where the reception was V
held, was elaborately decorated through
out with lavender, pink and white flow
ers, ferns and potted plants, and present
,ed a gorgeous appearance. Mrs. Lewis
! and Mrs. Howell were assisted In receiv
■ ing by Mrs. Robert Clark of Illinois,' Mrs.
Lewis Taylor' Ely, Misses Katherine
Landt, Lillian Wellborn, Genevieve Smith,
I Sara Goodrich, Dorothy Wellborn, Lilla
Daniels, Maude Newell, Harriet Smith,
' Genevieve Dening, Walter Chanslor and
.Le Grande Howell. Most of, the young
ladies were maids of honor during Mrs.
Lewis' reign as queen of La Fiesta of
1886. About 300 persqns called during the
afternoon, and many wore the expressions
of regret that Los Angeles society is soon
to lose so charming and gracious a leader
! as Mrs. Lewis.
Mr. and Mrs. Irving L. Blinn were the
guests of honor at a progressive whist
party given by Mr. and Mrs. W. E: Barnes
.at their. home on Bonsallo avenue. The
\ entire, house was exquisitely decorated
with roses, carnations, smilax, ferns and
papyrus, the color scheme being pink and
green. Mrs. Rodman and Mr. Dunn were
awarded llrst prizes. Those present be-
Bides the guests of honor were: Mr. and
Mrs. L. W. Blinn, Mr. and Mrs. Willough
by Rodman, Mr. and Mrs. J. Ross Clark.
Mr. and Mrs. William E. Dunn, Dr. and
Mrs. H. G. Gates, Mr. and Mrs. Andrew
P. West, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur F Morlan
• Mr. and Mrs. Phil Thompson, Mr. and
:Mrs. Albert Crutcher, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Button, Misses Grace Barnes, Emma
Graves, Hattie Strong, Ella Barnes, Alice
Strong, Howard Fish of Pasadena, W A
Strong and Dr. F. R. Cunningham.
Battery 1' has been tendered several re
ceptions since its return to Los Angeles
j One of the principal among these was the
ball given by Company A at the armory
on Tuesday last. The hall was handsome
ly decorated for the occasion with flags
and bunting in the national colors.
Miss Marguerite Fabean gave a high tea
and reception on Wednesday evening.com
plimentary to her house guest, Miss Nora
Harper of Boston. Music and dancing
were the chief features of amusement
during the evening.
Miss Bessie Shemwell was the hostess
at a farewell luncheon on Thursday, pre
vious to her departure for the East, where
she will attend school. The table was
artistically decorated with carnations,
ferns and ribbons, and covers were laid
for thirteen. The guests were Misses
Lucie Mitchell, Katherine Kurtz, May
Hitchcock, Laura Works. Ethel Works.
Mabel Godfrey, Jessie Houston, Mabel
Courier, Betty Mallory. Bernie Newlin
and Mamie Hambright and Kitty Par
sons. ~ '-'_' ■■■■■ ■■*"; •
Messrs. H. B. Ainsworth and W. R.
Norris were the hosts at a dinner given
at the Hotel Redondo Saturday evening.
The dining-room and table were deco
rated with red carnations, smilax and
ribbons, and the lights were shaded in
red, the whole effect being exceedingly
beautiful. The guests were Colonel and
Mrs. F. H. Seymour, Mr. and Mrs. W% E.
Sterling, Mr. and Mrs. William Pridham,
Mines. Jean W. Bowers, J. D. Wheeler,
H. R. Warner, Sargent, Misses Ethel
Valentine, May Sterling, Sussane Eaton,
Lou McGoodwin, Gertrude Sargent,
Marita Seymour, Messrs. J. W. Easton,
L. C. Easton and W. G. Youngs.
The Misses Bessie . Gilbert and Maria
Lane were the guests of honor at a
dancing party given by the . Misses Ger
trude and Bertha Fairbanks on Friday
evening. The drawing-room and dining-,
room were decorated with white and pink
cosmos, roses and ferns and presented a
very pretty appearance. Those present
besides the hostesses and guests of honor
were Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Brain, Dr. and
Mrs. S. Kistler, Mr. and Mrs. H. Tober
man, Mr and Mrs. Bryan, Mrs. E. R.
Shrader, Misses Mary Hunsaker, Ada
Shrader, Eva Tuttle, Marie Rosel, Louise
Barker, Clara Severance, Jean Severance,'
Maude Haines, Lydla Zorn, Mary Phelps,
Laura Frenhall, Nellie Hutchlngson,
Messrs. Ross Shrader, Owen Foster, Will
Shrader, Herbert Perry, Newton Berg
man, Walter Lenz, Jack Gill, Harry
Baker, L. Hutcbinson, Will Steams,
Foster Wright, Milton Lord, Claude Wool
! man, Ed Hlnckli , F. C. Rhodes, Maurice
Mather, A. Green, George Tuttle, Thomas
Lee, Mines. F. F. Fairbanks and H. C.
Robinson assisted in receiving.
Miss Anna Dias was the guest of honor
at a reception given by the Misses Edith
and Pansy Whittaker at their home on
West Eighteenth street on Tuesday
evening.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Williams gave a
luncheon .Thursday, complimentary to
Bishop W. X. Xinde, who is presiding
over the Methodist conference which is
session here. Those \ present besides
the guest of honor were Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Hall, Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Larkin.
Mrs. C. A. Williams and the Misses Lulu
and Nattie Williams.
Professor and. Mrs. Pierce on Monday
entertained with a dinner the five Nor
mal School students who have just re
turned from the Philippines. . The table
decorations were in the national colors.
The guests were Will Fanning, Leslie
Turner, James Ransom, Charles Weise
and Abel Davis.
An outing dance was given at Parish
Hall, Alhambra, on Friday evening by D.
L. Reynolds and Walter Wallis. Quite a
number of young society persons from
Los Angeles attended, being driven to M
hambra in a tally-ho, among whom were:
Misses Nellie Reynolds, Ella Haines.
! Georgie Swanh, Maud Swanh, Ada Har
j ber, Teresa Maltman, Jack P. Hamilton,
iR. Howard Robertson, Jack Parsons,
Kary W. Parsons, Edward Harber and J.
S. Meherry. Mrs. Reynolds acted as
■ chaperon, and upon the return of the
party to Los Angeles entertained them
. with a supper at her home in Centennial
. avenue.
The Misses Jean and Mary Barriers
were the guests of honor at a matinee
party given by Miss Helen Salisbury at
her home in Figueroa street on Monday.
About forty guests were present.
The five Normal School young gentle
men who went to the Philippines with
Battery D were the guests of honor at a
reception given by the student body of
the State Normal School. Singing and
addresses of welcome by Professor Pierce,
Professor Dozier, Mr. Lawrence, president
I of the student body, and Miss Bosbyshell
were delivered. After presenting diplo
| mas to Messrs. Davis and Weise who
I would have graduated last June had they
not gone to the Philippines, Professor
| Pierce led the way to the gymnasium,
i where refreshments were served in beau
j tifully decorated booths. The guests of
• honor were: Abel Davis, Charles Weise,
Will Fanning, James Ransom and Leslie
, Turner.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Mansard gave a whist
' party in honor of Miss Mansard of San
Francisco and E. Mansard of Alaska. The
house was artistically decorated with red
; roses, carnations, ferns, smilax and papy
rus. Miss Crane and Mr. Loron captured
| first prizes. The other quests were:
| Misses Olive Crane, Lida Crutendon, Ber
j tha Butcher, Harriet Collier, Nina Mar
i tin, Daisy Cort, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Col
; lier, Mr. and Mrs. W. \V. Weller, Mr. and
I Mrs. K. Wilcox, Charles Bosley, W. W.
Fisher, H. Crane, Edward Taylor, R.
; Earner, lrwin Rice, N. L. Blehl, G. Lown,
F. Lang, Eugene Gomber, Harry Martin
and Frank Riggs.
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Cashin and Mr. and
Mrs. Edwin Haines Clark (nee Heinze
man) have returned from their wedding
trip to San Francisco and are at home
i at their beautiful cottages in Union aye
'■ nue.
■ Miss Leontine Etchebarne is visiting
her brother, C. E. Etchebarne of Soutn
Grand avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. B. T. Hicks and family,
who have been the guests during the muiut
m< r of Mrs. Hicks" parents, have returned
to their home In Tucson, Ariz.
Preston Forrester has returned from a
visit to Coronado.
Mrs. E. C. Manning and son Ed left last
i week for an extended trip to the Eastern
States. They will be joined later by Mrs.
Manning's eldest son, Merle Manning.
Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Osier have returned
from a visit of several weeks with friends
in San Francisco.
Milo M. Potter of the Van Ruys Hotel
I has gone to the mountains for a much
needed rest.
Mr, and Mrs. R. J. Burdette have gone
to San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. King have returned
from Lake Tahoe.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Sartori have re
turned from Santa Monica, where they
spent the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. L. A. McConriell and
daughter,- Miss Ruth McConnell, have re
turned from Terminal Island, where they
spent the summer,
Mrs-. O. E. Stevens and Miss Clarisse
Stevens, her daughter, have returned
from Hotel Arcadia, Santa Monica, where
they had a most enjoyable summer out
ing-.
Rev. J. S. Pltner and wife of San Diego
are the guests of their son, F. R. Pitner
; of West Thirty-eighth street.
S. Granville Redmond, the mute painter,
\ lias gone to Chicago. He expects to be
absent about two months.
Rev. M. B. Phillips, Ph. D.. has returned
to Los Angeles after an absence of a year
and is stopping at the residence of his
son, L. A. Phillips of West. Twenty-ninth
' .street.
Miss Vera' .Wilcox has gone to San
j Francisco, where she will reside.
Company F. Seventh Regiment, gave a
I smoker on Monday last to the boys of
Battery D.
Miss Myrtle White has gone to Fort
1 Rilpy, Kansas, where she will remain for
I two months with relatives.
Judge E. M, Ross spent several days
during last week in San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Irving L. Blinn and son
; have gone to Tacotna, where they will re
; Bide in future.
Frank Gibson, wife and son Hugh are
at home again after a sojourn at Termi
nal Island during the summer. !
Mr.' and Mrs. Randolph Miner are in San
Francisco for a short stay.
Mrs. R. Reynolds and Miss Claudia
; Reynolds left last week for the East,
where they will remain' during the winter.
Mrs. J. C. Rochester, who has been vis
iting relatives in San Francisco, has re
turned to her home in Los Angeles.
Miss Lillian Drain has gone to New
■ York, where she will study art. She will
i be the guest of Miss Replna O'Kane dur
ing the winter.
Dr. Lindley and family have returned
from Sa.nta Monica.
Miss Nannie Nutt and Miss Bessie
! Shemwell left last week for Baltimore,
where they will attend school.
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Wflsbire and Miss
| Norn. WilFhir<> have returned from Santa
| Monica, where they passed the summer.
E. A. Meserve and bride are guests at
the Hotel del Ooronado.
L. E. Mosher of the Times is again in
Los Ancrelcp. after a vacation spent in
Santa Monica.
Mrs. John H. Gay of San Diego Is the
guest of her parents for a few days.
J. B. Arnold of the Herald has re
turned from Antelope Valley, where he
spent his vacation.
Miss Martha Scott of San Diego, who
was a recent guest of^ier sister. Mrs. Carl
Kurtz, is in San Francisco visiting
friends.
Allison Barlow of 2A South avenue; has
gone to New York City. He expects to
he absent about a month. •.--■■. :v:
Mrs. F. L. Hord, son and daughter have
returned from the East.
H. S. Hulburt and bride are at Coronado
for several weeks.
Judge and Mrs. C. N. Sterry have gone
to Chicago, and will return about the
first of the year.
Mrs. Modini-Wood and family have re
turned from Santa Monica, where they
spent the summer.
Mrs. W. L. Terry was the guest of Mrs.
J. M. Carey at Santa Monica during last
week.
S. C. Foy and family have returned from
Catalina, where they sojourned during (
the summer.
The engagement of Miss Mary Babcock (
and Dan Laubershimer is announced.
Mrs. William Willis of San Francisco, ,
who has been spending several weeks in •
Los Angeles, has returned to her home.
Miss Marguerite Fabean and Miss Xor^ :
Harper have been spending the past wee.X
in San Francisco.
Mrs. H. Fletcher of San Francisco is the '
guest of her daughter, Mrs. Jack Stone.
Mrs. L. Lowman and family, who spent
the summer in Santa Monica, have re
turned to Los Angel. •>.
Misses Julia ana Ciara Mercereau have
returned to Los Angeles after an absence
of several months which they spent in |
New York and Pennsylvania.
On the 22d inst. Mrs. Mary Smith, !
mother of Judge B. N. Smith, celebrated i
her 104 th birthday anniversary.
Mrs. C. A. Moore has had as her guests ;
her daughter and son-in-law, Dr. and |
Mrs. W. 11. Dobson, who have just re
turned from a visit to the Eastern States
and left for San Francisco on Wednesday.
They expect to leave for China on the 291h
inst., and will be gone for six years.
Mr. and Mrs. Ferd K. Rule were at
Coronado during last week.
The Friday Morning Club will hold its
first meeting for the coming winter on
Friday next.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Anthony and
son, Earle Anthony, have returned from
the East, where they spent the summer.
They will soon go to Berkeley to reside,
and Earle Anthony will enter the univer
sity.
Miss Carrie Waddilove has returned
from an extended visit in San Francisco
and S-acramento.
The Wednesday Morning Club will hold
its first meeting of the season on Wednes
day next.
Miss Edna Bragg, who was the guest
of Dr. and Mrs. Weeks of Newton street
during the winter, lias returned to her
home in Little Rock. Ark.
Mrs. S. R. Dewey and son, who have
spent the summer at Catalina. have re
turned to their home on South Grand
avenue.
W G. Nevin has returned from a busi
ness trip to San Francisco.
H. Z. Osborne. T'nited States Marshal,
has gone to San Francisco on official busi
ness.
< 'aptain D. A. Moreno has returned to
his home in Sonora, Mexiro, after a three
months' visit in Los Angeles.
Major D. R. Weller made a short visit
to San Francisco on business during the
week.
l>r. H. P. Mathewson has returned to
Visalia after a visit of four weeks in Los
Angeles.
Mrs. Stanley Richmond and children
have been the guests nf Mrs. Richmond's
father. Major Horace Bell of South Figue
roa street.
At the Resorts.
GTLROY HOT SPRINGS— The following I
guests have registered at Gilroy Hot
Springs during the past week: M. E.
Jones, John Pedemonte, Charles M. Mor
ris, Al E. Arnold, Fred Morse, John
Roach and niece, San Francisco; Charles
Lynde, James D. Miner, R. H. Burke, San
Jose; C. Cozen, Andrew Schopp, Miss Mac
Farlin, Nick Lettunich, Lewis Lettunlch,
Watscnville; Charles F. Ludwig, Port
land, Or.: H. D. Holhrook, Port Costa; N.
S. Gillum, Castroville, and Miss Hettie
Brown, Nevada.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing guests are registered at Paraiso
Springs: I. H. Irwin, Knut Jernberg, 8.
I 1 SToung P. D. Brady, W. Krone, T Lar
kin, Mr. and Mrs. E. Painter, F. J. Hall,
Miss C. Acton, San Francisco; <;
Seitz and wife, Mrs. J. Burke, J. J. Morey,
C; W. Whittle',;!, Watsonville: Miss A. J.
Pardee. Mrs. Pardee, F. Doud, Monterey;
Rev. P. Farley. Gonzales; Mrs. S. C.
Mathews, Berkeley.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The following
registered at Byron Springs during the
past week: Mrs. J. K. Smith, Albert
Wolff, James H. Fagan, Nlc. Spllle, Ma
lone Joyce, TJ. Leahy, John I'hela.n,
Thomas Lundy. Henry W. Sampson, J.
H. Smith, S. Avata, S. Bacigalupi, Charles
F. Lurmann, Mrs. Frank Shibeley, Mrs.
J. Fitzgerald, Olef Johnson, J. H*. Ladd,
Mrs. E. Anderson, Mrs. W. G. Burnett,
J. J. Davis, D. Butierely, A. A. Brown. A.
Adelstein, P. G. Dunohoe. Hugh Dono
hoe, San Francisco; James Fitzgerald,
Sacramento: P. M. Corroy. J. Maguire,
Portland; Mrs. J. Barry. Stmt; J. R.
Rosie, Santa Rosa; P. A. Dean, Alameda;
D. Moore, Stockton; Charles Reier, Mrs.
A. A. Moore, A. A. Moore, M. Peterson,
A. Kendall. C. Nielsen. Oakland; Jim
Dadd, Honolulu; F. Triguero, G. E. Gar
rett, Sonora; P. Carlyon, John Rnwe,
s Valley; William L. Heine. Hugh
Kelly Fresno; William Kolman, Smarts
ville': Mrs. J. W. Tullock, C. W. Tullock,
lale: Mrs. N. Mattes, Nevada City;
Mrs. M. Woodward, Elmhurst; Mrs
Burke, Oakland; Miss- Rose Lieber, Miss
M. Griffen, Brentwood; Alex Chevits; A.
I?. Thompson, San Rafael: E. P. Rapp and
wife, W. Belt-haw, Antioch; B. D. Fisher,
Newman; J. P. Martin Jr., C. H. Lee,
Tucson; Mrs. J. S. Triest, New York; W.
R. Wright, Berkeley.
• ♦3-f4"f^+ <$> ♦ «■ ♦ <e> ♦ <£ +<$+$>+'$+*+ •
♦ The Golf Costumes on Page &
'? 26 were kindly furnished by %
% THE WHITE HOUSE. ♦
% Hats from ROOS BROS. %
+ <$>
q; +; + ;.♦; +» +»+ •«>+ <B>-f •^>^-f-$--H > -f •
NEW COTILLON
CLUB FORMED
Prominent Matrons Look
After the Pleasures of
the Younger Set.
A number of socially prominent matrons
have organized a new cotillon club that
will cater exclusively to the pleasures of
the younger set. it is proposed that the
shall meet monthly on a specified
■■■■ night at the hall at 1310 Polk
t. The iirst. meeting of the club,
which will be known as La Jeunesse Co
tillon Club, will Ih- held on the evening of
October 27.
The patronesses of the club are: Mrs.
Phebt Hearst, Mrs. A. Voorhles, Mrs. W.
H. Mills, Mrs. Koster, Mrs. McK'iurjck,
Mrs. H. E. Huntlpgton Mrs. Timothy
Hopkins.
Try the grocer for groceries.
Try the druggist for drugs.
Try the meat market for sausage, and !
"Keith's" for millinery.
"One thing at a time, and that done
well is a very good rule, as many can <
tell."
Mme. Alma E. Keith, milliner, 808 Mar- !
ket street, Phelan building. • •
COURT NOTES.
Mrs. Ethel Johnston, 1920 Vi Howard
street, swore to a complaint in Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday for the arrest of
George Kane, a racetrack tout, on che
charge of disturbing the peace. About
two years ago he was arrested in Oakland
for criminal assault upon her, but was
acquitted by a jury. He met her Sunday
night on Mission street, and when she
told- him she was married he raised a dis
turbance and threatened to kill- her.
Mrs. B. Russell.- who keeps a grocery
and saloon at 762 Seventh street, swore- to
a complaint in Judge Graham's court' yes
terday for the. arrest, of ."John Doe"
Leary and ".John Doe" Sullivan on the
charge of battery. Sunday night they en
her .saloon., and because she refused
to give them liquor the.y threw her down
and kicked her.
R. E. Miller, secretary .of the Owl Drug 1
Company, swore to a complaint' in Judge
Treadwe'll's court .yesterday for the arrest
of James H. Barrett, a clerk in the store,
on the charge of petty larceny. He is
accused of stealing a box"" of pills Septem
ber 23. Secretary. Miller Bays .that he hai
been systematically pilfering.- .
Sixty-two Chinese arrested Friday, night
by Sere- ant 1 Mike- and posse for- playing
fan-tan each pleaded gulltyln Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday and were each
fined $5.
Cornelius Manning,, charged . with the
murder rat Catherine Kennedy, in. whose
trial the jury disagreed, has been -admit
ted to bail by Judge Lawlor in the sum
of $10,000.
J. P. Frenna. slayer of -James F. Turn-er.
was before Judge Cook yesterday morn
ing, but on request of his counsel he will
again appear on Monday to have the date
for his trial set. •'. .
lladar.'.e Neergaard. pupil of St. Gerualn,
rclentific palmist; reading, by mail, $1; office
hours 1 to Bp. m. 616 Geary St., above Jones;
classes.
■♦ ■ :
Whan a man loses his head he talks
through his hat. ;'"/: .";■;
ADVERTISEMENTS. •. ■
»>+®+® -f ®4®4® -f ®4® ♦ ®^® -f® -f ®4<2>^® + ®4-®-f®-f®>®Xs)-f ®4®>®>®-*^
t. ; - - : S
s> • / . • ' , •■ • -f.
♦- •■ ;: r • -®-
•) • . , • 4
Ij O'BRIEN&CO !
? J o \,/ 1^ !L \ fl ljl i t^L \j \/ o o ®
| . ■ . ■..:•■©
| .114.6 Market Street, |
i - ' —- — — •' . • !
| On TO-MORROW, Monday, we I
I will place on sale a large shipment f
! Of •■■ .-, : §
I BLACK DRESS GOODS, I
I  ' i
1 Which . embraces all the latest |
| weaves and. designs, at the following |
I Extremely Low Prices : 1
I :■ I
t. ■ BLACK CREPON DRESS PATTERNS at 93.75 ®
'1 BLACK CREPON DRESS PATTERNS at $5.00
® BLACK CREPON DRESS PATTERNS at SfiG.2s V
V BLACK CREPON DRESS PATTERNS at i-1,... 97.50 0
® BLACK CREPON DRESS PATTERNS at........ .V 98.75 ♦•
T BLACK CREPON DRESS PATTERNS at $12.50 ®
BLACK CREPON DRESS PATTERNS at $15.00 |j
® -f-
X 20 pieces 38-inch BLACK FIGURED SUITING will be offered ®
® at > 25c yard ♦
T ... 0
|? 20 pieces 54-inch BLACK LADIES' CLOTH, extra value for $1.00, 4-
fa will be offered at ./. 50c yard ®
fa 20 pieces 48-inch BLACK DIAGONAL, all pure wool, will be of- ®
4- fered at ' GOc yard +
f COLORED DRESS"GOODS DEFT. |
® 30 pieces FANCY DRESS PLAIDS, latest design, regular value ®
x for 50c, will be offered at 35c yard X
9 New designs in FANCY DRESS PLAIDS at ®
® $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 per yard X
® " /^
I SPECIAL ! ?
® ' ®
■♦- 15 pieces 54-inch BLACK CHEVIOT, regular price $1.00, will be of- +
ft) fered at 50c yard ' ( ' ]
t' ■ ;. ■ :i
|j.O'BRiEN&CO.j
I 1146 Market Street. |
I . ■ ®
® ; -- ■'•■■• '■:"."■''■. ■/■f^^m^i ; ®
PAINT A .NEW
PICTURE FOR
A GOOD FRAME
r~w FICTT'RE worthy the frame— find
/ I the artiPt who can paint it and
f 1 Marie Antoinette shall live again
V, 1 and the old regime shall whirl and
Jl spread and take its flight in a
shriek of hate and horror. Such scenery
and costumes and properties must not be
wasted. They are beautiful, historical, |
irreproachable. I except a certain nine- ,
teenth century bed that intrudes itself \
and will be heard above things that have I
a better claim— such is the cussedness of
the ill bred.
Why pet the prologue in 1777? Make it ;
instead ITSS, on that memorable night j
when storms were brewing and the "Bar- j
ber of Seville" was played in the theater
of the little Trianon. Let the curtain rise
upon the crowd (I said crowd) coming ,
from the- play, and let Beaumarchais him- .
self, that herald of the revolution, bo ■
there with his loud ways and his desire
for prominence. Let d'Artois enter
dressed ;i s Figaro and Marie Antoinette
as Rosina, and there you have color. Tho
military band might even be playing upon
the terrace. Let there be fops in plenty,
courtiers with their endless courtesy and |
their witty tongues. Enough has been
handed down historically to make rat
tllng good dialogue— lies perhaps, but
clover lies, and so- who cares? Talk of i
Rohan and Cagliostro and La Motte and
the necklace might be upon the tongue—
an occasional shadow in a corner, but let |
the keynote of the situation be d'Artois'
famous speech as Figaro:
"Upon my word, sir, since men have no i
choice between stupidity and madness, if
I can't get any profit .1 want at least |
pleasure; so hurrah for happiness!" and .
let him repeat it with a laugh to the giddy
crowd. Let reckless gayety prevail and
let the curtain fall upon a beautiful
minuet. It would not fall in silence and
the first act would be impatiently awaited.
The first act might waver between
brilliancy and doom, popularity and dis
favor with suggestions of crowded ante
chambers and the breathless haste of an
approaching crisis, that a Necker may
avert— haste where courtiers and minis
ters are given earnest audience and no
twaddle talked.
i Now let act II rise in a mighty cres
j cendo until it reaches the mob and doom, i
(One mob Is Impressive; plurallzed It loses
its effect). Then to the Coneiergerie (why
is it necessary that Louis' last hours be
pictured?), and even here is a chance for {
color, if two scenes be given— one whe •'
the French nobility huddle and hold
and compose -and sing their- madrigals
and 'are gallant and gay and graceful.
■ Suicidej Fouquler-Tlnvljle. but a merry
'■one. "You may kill us when you p1
but you can't prevent our being aniia-blel"
■There is : the epitome of the time, the over
! beat .that stopped, the Heart. Full< w this
■ wiih' Marie Antoinette's' last -hours (no ■
dream),-'and you have a living, breathing,
i vital 'play, instead' of the present mean
' ingless French patchwork stitched with
a tangied . thread.
■• * •
■ San Francisco will be glad't^ learn that '
; Edwin Stevens, in. "His Excellency." has
• made an Immediate.' sind pronounced sue-'
punctuated with eleven curtaftr calls.
.Ethel Barryrhore .is of the .ompany, and
■there is talk of a lone rua in Boston and
' New- York.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
The Weed's Attractions.
The Columbia offor-s. its patrons three
attractions next week— "Much Ado About
Nothing,' 1 "Mary Stuart" and "Macbeth,"
There is also a hint of "The Ladies" Bat
. tie" being played.
The Orpheum this week has recalled Fe
lix Morris to play "The Vagabond and
"The Old Musician."; the Hawaiian
queens, three little maids from Honolulu,
will do a lyric novelty, "King Moos' Weti-^
dind Day." ar>.d a one-act operetta, "The
Queen's Fan," and Forest and King pre
sent, a comir specialty with acrobatic va
riations. The aoldovers are Frank Cush
man, Jennie Yeamans, Terry and Lam
bert Stinson and Merton and Seymour
and Dupree.
• • •
The California, in gorgeous new feather
opens to-night with I>en Hendricks in "A
Yenuine lentleman." Fine attractions
are promised to follow.
• • •
"The Idler" has filled the Alcazar with
appreciative audiences this week. Roland
Ko»d'= "Innocent as a Lamb" is the bill
for Monday.
• • •
"The Drum Major's Daughter" has had
* merry two weeks' run at the Grand
Opera-house, and will be followed on Mon
day with Planquette's "Rip Van Winkle."
• • •
Comic and grand opera will alternate at
the Tivoli thi? week. "The Mikado "
"Aida, ' "Cavalleria" and "Pagliacci" and
Carmen."
• • •
A season of German comedy will be
inaugurated at the Comedy Theater Octo
ber 15.
• • •
The Chutes theater has many new
vaudeville novelties to offer its patrons
this week.
FIRE ESCAPES FOR SCHOOLS.
Board of Education Will Equip the
Large Buildings.
The Board of Education ha? decided to
equip all the large school buildings of thig
city with fire escapes. Plans have al
ready been made to put the safety de
vices on the Girls' High School, Mission
High and Clement Grammar schools.
Over half the schools in the department
are over three stories high and are there
fore BUbject to the law in that regard.
Fire escapes }\ive also been ordered by
the Fire Wardens on the Lincoln School
property at Market and Fifth streets, but
the lessees have refused to comply with
the order. They contend that the ciiy
should furnish the tire escapes requin d
by law. as thp property belongs to tho
School Department. Jt will probably be
necessary for the City and County At
torney to settle the contention and a law
suit may be the outcome.
The Portland Libeled.
I A. A. Moore in the District Court yes
| terday filed a libel against the steamer
[.South Portland to recover $207 00, alleged
'balance due him on wages.
DAY
HAIR
RESTORER.
Safe to use. Easy to ap-
ply. Certain in its results.
Magical in its effects on
gray and faded hair. Re-
stores the natural color of
youth without any incon-
veniences or disagreeable
effects. It is not a dye and
is not in any way injurious.
$1.00 per bottle. All drug-
gists.
THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS
RECEIVED FROM DELIGHTED USERS.
, MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
40-42 GEARY ST. SAN FRANCISCOAlameda^^^^B OAKLAND Berkeley:
SOCIETY TURNED
OUT TO AID THE
LITTLE ONES
Schilling Garden Fete
a Success.
'..•■■• ♦
Oakland ..Office Pun Francisco Call
' • : 90S Broadway", Sept. 30.
The garden fete given. on i he picturesque
grounds at the residence of Air. and Mrs,
A. Schilling on the shore of Lake Mer
ntt i.his afternoon) the occasion being the
Hnn'ual reception in behalf <>f tlie West
< -i.ikland Free Kindergarten; proved quite
;■ hrllliuiit social function and was well
attended,
The ornamentations, as was predicted
: iy would be, were both unique and elah
t :.up. in some particulars decidedly*«Orl
. ..t.:l, arid altogether most . appropriate:
> !•• oin i.io ai-coratious and booth accom
modations end outside; for the interior of
•.:>.■ bcnilling mansion had also been made,
;.,..'.:" U»vel> ihau. over by means'' of palms,
i.it<iis ,-un'i un^lu-hueds flowers.
■jlio ladies 11. charge 01 me reception
\>..-n : .Mrs. 11. I<^ llridfii, president 01 tile
kindergarten; Mrs. A. Si-hilling; Mrs.
Kobon Watt: Mrs. M. W. Kales. Mrs.
Pranklin bangs .VMrs. i:isi:.>p. Mr*. J. \v.
fc'hankiin; Mrs. W. H. yuinni Mrs. v. \\ .
Srn:es Mrs. O. P. Downing. Mr?. James
Al!?n. .Aii^. Horry Meek. Mrs. Henry
Wudsworth; Mrs. W. c. Palmanteer an.l
Mrs. I*. C. Spss!ont ! . while among tlie
\ >:.iiff iaiiios \\!i.-> assisted in ilie .s-ffaiv
v.-r-- the Misses -CreHin: Misses Brown;
} , ; . 1 . • . Stronc. IvniKht; Hayden, Gray,
Harry; Sessions and Shanklin:
Miss Flo-rive Brown presided over the
candy Linot'i while Mrs Dow;ning; Mrs.
Allen md Mrs. Meek had charge of the
tea bnnth. .\ little doll: hou.se. one of the
novelties of the.'afTalr; was presided over
by Miss i-"!s:; Schilling. The reception
hours ;were; from-3 to G o'clock, and when
dusk apprnachedvthe grounds were lit up
with myriads- of little electric lights
nmtmc the foliage;- of the trees.
Of the younger-element of soeirty There
v.i. present: Misses Bessie Fillmore;
lOdith I>rk. Klttie.' Stone; Louise Belde'n;
jMitli Downing. Martha Coffin. Gladys
Hrlgham'. Elsa .S< hilling', ■ Ruth Kales,
Hose Kales. Mary Hyd«v ..Lillie Isaacs;
Xadinp Belden: Rutii'ltayd.-n, Ronnie
;I)owningj Noel do . Golia : ." LJUie Reed;
«'':irips<* T.ohse,. ' Kit tie...M-ydp. ClarafEng
li«h;*.Gladys English and-'jteul.a'n] Brigham.
f Mrs. S. A. Mooar.
I Si Mrs Sarah Ann
R< It 1 ".• ■ ■!_••■ MOl
• oloßical Semt
-100 Edwards
was a na
b, and
.;ili.l mon
the p '-. ars. 1 [pr husband
First
:
■ .
Illinois*. Mrs. Lucy Hale, wife
iarri-t
0 Read every price — it will^
v prove to you how much we?
fcan save you b} r paying*
'cash. , f
A :;■;• •■■ .-•• A
ACreamer3^ Butter )
* Pint Reyes or cm nrp^R^
A Humboidt Coun- Square .)OC 1
'" ty. Strictly fancy qua l , "
f Fine Dry Gran. Sugar... i
6- "Spreckl^K 1 best. -,-»,-» ii t-irl T tr%
. In any quantity. . pOUIIQ DCI
P Spreckltc' guarantee on every bbl. m
.-. and sack, it beiugpurecHiie. " \
9 Only brand of sugar we handle. 9
:> Whole Wheat Flour... <*
9 10 lb. sack 20cJ
fGraham.... " "■ 18c^
|Corn Meal "_. " 17c^
■^Farina 10 pounds 25c#
■§'[/:■ Hresh from the mill.' . : d
Jljava and Mocha Coffee., a
a- Straight blend. pound 30cf
9 Uwe asked 3.; or 40c pOUlia OUC^
a a lb. couldn't give it to you any a
9 v >-!ter. . ' f
f Early Breakfast Coffee.. 0
a The same; quality t-iontirl 1 ~\rA
9 «ny other store pOUHCI lOC9
a would ask you 15c for. A
Java Coffee ... a
* Regular price t*H „-...„ 1 1 Or \
A Superations tro;n pOUUCI IUC A
* high gn de coffee.
colored Tea... pound 35c 1 '
0 Pur- tea leaves. Japan flavor. "•. | '
. . : New crop.
\ White Rose Flour.. . [ \
J 50 pound sack 90c 1 1
9 Best flour Sperry makes. Mkken I
a name sufficient ({iiaraiiiee for quality. A
Taffy s. pound lOci
Snaps .... " *c 0
a Boston Crackers " 8c)
Nacs.;. " 10c^
Tamales... 0
A Knapp & Street,. 4 canS 25c^
' A ■♦»■» «»» ■<»»■ A
> Liquor Specials a
'■■\\ Delivered ortiy from our Market st. "
A store. A
j.^Port Wine.. bottle 25ci
■=A- ■ "" A grrarjii quality for the money. »
JvSherry bottle 25c?
9 Good table or cooking, V
o French Vermouth r
j ■;. Noilly, Pratt & ie - bottle 55^
'California Brandy.... ■•■ f
9 Guaranteed;: - : ■_-,_. .—« 11^.,, o#
■.a . Syears old. j per gallon jso\ :
w Se.aso.jefl in wood. Fall proof. ■ J
filoltz Kentucky Whiskey^ ■
. oid^ rs : per gallon $2.75/.
• A : su h whiskey as you pay $4 for . A
" • ■ everytrhere, '.'.'■•'■ . '■. Y. i
JHorstetters Bitters . : #1
.i G<nn;n " : 7 :^ottie6scf I
A ■ 'A. I
Club Whiskey J|
A.< ■ brand. • ■■••>'; DOttie ?l.ld l
' ™ • <Jiiji.ht to s«'.l at this price. ,9 ■
i ßeisliiig .per gallon 40c^ i
0 ':■ Regular 60c quality. ; ; . A j
A ■ - We positively guarantee the ab«olule^'
r i>urity and quality of. every, -drop o{¥
' A liquor sold by us. ' ' . : ' ' .A ;
V 735 Market St.. R.T. Bhattuek Ay,. Berkley
A 1060 Wa»hin«ton, Oak Cer.trai At,' Alaat-.i! A ■
r 9th & Washington, " . ' «tb i Yr'ood. Oak \
A E lith Si l?.th At. " ■ ... . ' A• I
W^^ '^ *fc .^ .J ■
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
SUNDAY-SCHOOL
CENSUS A BIG
UNDERTAKING
Preparatory Meetings
Being Held.
kland Office San Francl9co Call.
Broadway, Sept. 30.
: - for the house-to-house
nir. lay school census of
eda County, t<' be ac< ompllshed by
bath school workers in one day—
Getobei 20 und r ihe auspices of the Ala
meda County Sunday School Association,
• rily. Arrange
ments are being made tor the meetings
i > ■ w <■••'<.
meeting of the big undertak
.- i.<^.i -his morning at San Lorenzo,
!'i at Hay wards, and on
Monday night th< i pie ol Brooklyn will
meet in ill. Brooklyn Presbyterian Chinch
for a servic< At eacl of the meetings the
• . . : fhe Northern Callfor-
Sundaj School Association, Karl S.
Ringham of San Jose, speaks.
for the canvass and
iii<' results of the work in other places.
•:t\- association
•: these meetings also and take
part.
Letters have been sent 10 all the pas
tors oi tin county asking them to make
the canvass the subject of one r) f their
discourses and i" aid the superintendents
I" ;:<•■> their quota ol canvassers. Six
and circulars ).:•■.•■■ been printed ex
plaining ilm- pi. in of i ln- canvass and st t
forth tii.- need of it. These have
sent to the dlstrid presidents for
distribution :■■ tin- schools. Literature
;i ;'.ii . :.- pensed from
ili" headquarters at 1070 Broadway, where
, and directed. Karl
S Blngham, who is in charge, will do
most oi the office work f<>r the present.
Later some one else will take this to en
able him t.i s| ;n the field.
O. A. Lane, the county president, is giv
much time and thought u> the work,
ntenda to s'lslt nea rl> all parts of
ounty to enthuse th( workers and
-■ •• that one fully understands wnut
Is to be done. ■
Cards are to he distributed in all the
■ 'is. which those who are to canvass
cpected to sign, Baying thai they will
canvass on the day set and telling how
they wi'.l ;n. afoot, on a wheel or In a. rig.
The. money that is needed for this work
will be provided by the county ass
Ltion ;n'.d is contributed by the Sunday
schools, each giving a certain amount per
: member.
OAKLAND WILL HONOR
MONTANA"S SOLDIERS
Meeting Called to Arrange Plans for
a Reception to Be Tendered the
Returning Veterans.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
' 9 IS Broadway, Sept. 30.
A mr-fin?: has been ' ailed to be held
In the rooms of the Board of Trade next
Monday i:i?r!it for' the purpose of discuss
ing way? and means' for properly enter
taining the Montana Veterans who have
but recently returned from service in the
Philippines and are now encamped at the
Pr lio, San Francisco, and .Who on the
Fourth of July, 1898, contributed so much
toward the success- of Oakland's exercises
nt the celebration ol" the na,tal day by
adding:; a sham battle and other interest-
Ing features to the. programme.
John Mitchell, who was chairman of. the
Fourth of July Committee at .that, time,
has called the meeting for Monday night,
and. his associates show quite aa much
Interest as he does in arranging ' to re
ciprocate for the Montana men's kindness
over a year ago.- . .
While the date on which the Montana
men will be Invited to once more enjoy
Oakland's hospitality will probably be
determined at the meeting on Monday. It
has been suggested to the committee that
Saturday,. October 7, be considered as a
most suitable- date.
■ The regiment will be mustered out
about the 13th, and as soon after that
time as possible the men will leave for
their homes. The advantage claimed in
setting the celebration for Saturday is
that It will gsve all the school children an
< iiUKirt tin! v in s»« tin. nnroilo -..--.
Three New Oii Comrjanies
OAKLAND, Sept. 30 Articles of incor
poration -were 1 Hied with county Clerk Jor
dan to-day by 'the following:
Gould <>ll Company of California; prin
cipal place of business Oakland; capital
stock Lctuaily subscribed, $60,000,
lii sums of $4000 each by the following, the
first five comprising the director* J. L.
Gould, E. M. Hall. A. I). Smith, F. A.
Merritt. li. H. Eliason, J. J. Hannifin, D.
a. Cambllen, .1. M. Barney, L. A. Could,
s. Richardson,. Judge J. K. Pruett, I. J.
Nichols, G. w. SSartman, w. <J. Henshavt
and H. A. Tubbs.
Central California Oil Company; prln
iiM.ii place of business Alameda; capita]
stock $I<Xj.oO<": actually subscribed, $60,000,
\p sums of $:r?CKJ ea<-h by tlie following, tin
tirsi seven being directors: J. L. Gould,
E. D. Judd, Fritz Boehmer. C. L. Metz
ger. <!. W. A. K. Fowler, A.
Kist. A. Akesson, M. L. Xeal. E. A.
Randlett, M. Schumacher, C. J. Pratt, J.
H. Helm, Grace A. Gould, W. T. Fowler
and S. Richardson. •
Columbia oil and Asphaltum Company,
with principal place of business in Oak
land; capita] stock, $60,000; actually sub
s' ribed, $7i"i. Th^ directors are: J, ]■;.
White J. M. Davis, J. D. Nairn e, Amos
Roberts, Oakland; \V. EJ. Norrls, i'.un
Alto; R. B, Mott and A. W. Cornelius,
Alameda. ■ ;
Blind Philosopher's Funeral
OAhI.A.M), .»epu- si. — .v:any students
from the State University arid acquaint
ances attended the funeral of Cecil Henry
Smith, the blind postgraduate student of
philosophy, which took place this after
noon from the residence of his sis;, Mrs.
Leroy Harvey, -1128 Filbert, street;. The
services were conducted by Rev. Mr. Wor
cester of th' Swedenborgian church, San
Francisco, assisted by Miss- Beckham of
the Home of Truth. The pallbearers 'were
mates of the deceased: T. de Laguna,
L. •rry, H. Harvey, P. <;. Nutting. M.
Purl- and 'W. Webb. The Interment
was Iti San Francisco. - .
.■ » ■
Marriage Licenses Issued
1 1 •. k ;..\ \i ). Bppt. a).— Marriage licensee
i by County Clerk Jordan to
da'j to Frederick C. Bchoensted.t, aged 31
-. and Sadie i-. Hibbard, 20 years,
ijtyermofte; Manuel J. Carbog, 23 years,
and U IS years, Decoto; Arthur
H. ''Green, '£< years, and Lucy Mohanan
ars, San Pranclsco; M. Odell, ?■'■',
\.-ais. Sacramento, and Josephine C M
Mattfiiesen, 23 years, Oakland; William
0 Hewelake, -34 >ai San Prahcisco, and
Mary !■'. KHey. 19 yearn, Oakland: l-:u
gene Bardon, t\ years, anS Mabel-War
den, 119 years. . San Francisco; Thaddeua
B Benjamin: 46 years, hum Charlotte A.
Schanck; 3w... years, >;ci Francisco;
Thomas R. Wright,' 20 years, ond Qeorgie
D. Arpaatrofng.', ' la y*ears Oakland.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKE-LEV. f -l lt - SO.— The- Christian
avor Society of the First Presby
terian Churcß "." Ellsworth street has
el( cted the foflowtns officers for (he eom
lng six months: President., Fred Cutting;
I vice president. Miss Minnie Boucher: re
cording secretary; Miss Florence Mont
:-• i ,-v; dOtTßspOHdißg secretary, .Miss
T'iper:- trt-asurer, William Phillips
R. w. McQarvle, deputy supreme gov
ernor-of theAmerlcan Guild, instituted a
local chapter in "u' a city at American
Hall last, nisrht. The local organization
I has taken the name of the Shattuck
Chapter. ' ' ' ' ' • '
Fire broke oiit in the residence of Rev.
F. H. Robinson. 2222 Shattuck avenue, last
night. Th« -blase destroyed some furniture
on the. lower:. floor, but w.ns extinguished
before further damage was done.
THE SA:N FKAXCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
GERMAN TALENT TO GIVE
"IM WEISSEN ROESSL"
Mrs. M. Neckhaus.
OAKLAND, Sept. HO.— A notable pvent in the line of amateur theatrical?,
and- of particular interest perhaps? to the large proportion of German
tits on this side of the bay, is the coining production of Oscar
Blumenthal und Gustav Kadelburg's three-act comedy, "lm Weissen
Roessl." by the Concordia Verein of Alameda at the Macdonough
Theater next Friday evening, October 6. In fact, a number of parties are be
ing made up that will atend from San Francisco.
"Im Weissen Roessl," or "In the White Horso Tavern/'ita Knglish trans
lation, hud a l^ng: and successful run in New York City last season. Its Ger
man version bad a run of 300 nights in Berlin. The plot is simple, easily fol
lowed, and the comedy is rich in character* drawing.
Prominent among those who are included in the cast for the production
at the Macdonough Theater is Mrs. M. Neckhaus, formerly Josephine I. a Fon
taine, a retired professional German actress, whose winsome ways and ac
complishments are well known amonpr her legion of friends here. She will ap
pear as .losepha Vogelhuber, the coquettish and chic voting widow and pro
prietress of the White Horse Tavern." Leopold, the steward of the tavern,
will be impersonated by Richard L»enz and the remainder of the cast will be
as follows: Giesecke, crusty and garrulous manufacturer, Adolph Schubert:
Charlotte, his sedate sister. Mrs. Fritz Richert; Ottilie.his charming city-bred
daughter, Mrs. Freda Shanly; Professor Hinzrlmann. Theo Saling; Klaer
chen, bis lisping daughter, Josephine Schwerin; Dr. otto Siedler, a dashing
attorney. Max Horwinsky Jr.; Suelzheimer, of dashing manners and bald
head, Alfred Kaehler; Assessor Kernbach, Mr. Doling; Franz and Piccolo, F.
Horwinsky and Mrs. T. fiallncr; Mirgl, sleepy chambermaid. Miss Lottie
Sehwerln; Martin and Joseph, hip porters. Messrs. Schroeder and Riehl; Loidl,
businesslike beggar, Mr. RoebkC; Kathi, female letter carrier. Miss Freda
Kaehler.
Arthur Becker, many years a stage manager In leading German theaters,
has been preparing Concordla's members for the presentation for the past
several months. Concordia Verein is composed of some of the most prom
inent Germans in Alameda County.
THREE WIVES RETURN
TO UNMARRIED FOLD
OAKLAND, Sept. SO.— On the ground
of extreme cruelty Judge Ellsworth to
day granted Annie Skinner a divorce from
Joseph Skinner and allowed her to re
sume her maiden name, Annie. Andrews.
Jtidgre Ogden to-day granted Adele
Thomas a divorce from X. Thomas on the
ground of willful desertion, and ordered
defendant to pay each month Jl.l ali
mony besides $100 for counsel fees. The
plaintiff will also r.-sume her maiden
name. Adele Williams.
■ Willful desertion was also the ground
im which Judge Ogden granted Josephtne
.\l. Dickson a divorce from Albert >-'.
Dickson, ami sin, too, Is allowed to re
sume her maiden name, Josephine Hig-
Kins.
The divorce suit of Alice L. Ingram
against Robert H. Ingram, brought on
the ground of failure to provide, was to
day transferred fr*>m San Francisco to
the Superior Court of Alameda County.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
: OAKLAND. Sept. 30.— Mail Carrier John
F. Sherry, aged 38 years, died of dropsy
yesterday at his home. 1672 Linden street.
He leaves a widow and several children.
' Peter Cook, John L. Bromley and I- rank
L. Potter filed an appraisement to-day of
the estate of Kendall C. Scott, deceased,
showing: .a total valuation, of $6:250, con
sisting of a one-eighth interest In prop
erty located on Broadway, 00 feet north
oflEighth street.
' Police Officer Mackey, in Jumping off a
train from the mole yesterday to kk«>
chase to some boys, had a narrow escape
from being killed at the Sixteenth
station. He had not noticed a freight
train approaching on an adjoining tracks
•His escape is described by those who wit
nessed .as miraculous.
Police Clerk. Hennessey's report for Sep
tember shows total receipts of (638 .'.i», of
which $: 30 represents lines, *-■'■'■> forfeit
urea of bail and $15 costs.
Thomas C. Landregan to-day filed suit
against Constable J. C. Williamson and
his regular bondsmen, Henry Meyer and
H. E.-Ey, for the recovery of certain hay
alleged to have' been unlawfully detained,
or it's equivalent, $500, together with $300
exemplary' damages. :
Anna Mary. Borden. formerly widow
Anna Mary Van Heal, commenced suit to
day against James and Ellanora H. Tay
lor and others to foreclose a mortgage on
property located On East' Twenty-fourth
street, near Nineteenth avenue, given to
secure payment of a promissory note for
(2500. dated' June 19,- L 896, with interest at
9 per cent per annum.
. ■ ■ ♦ » :
Berkeley in the A. A. L.
BERKELEY, Sept. 30.— The track team
of the Berkeley High School is training
daily on the- University of California cin
der track for the semi-annual field day of
the Academic Athletic League, which
conies off on the University of California
campus, next Saturday afternoon, October
7 • The Berkeley athletes have entered in
company with representatives from about
twenty. other preparatory . schools. The
High School will be .represented by its
best' men, among whom are J. Hartley
(captain), Irwin, Volz; Z. Hartley, Dob
bins,. Kruschke, ■ Harrison, SlcKee. Dug
gun and Stahle. ■
Alameda News Notes.
AI*AMEDA, Sept. Mrs. Mary Dick
inson gave an illustrated lecture on
Alaska at Armory Hall last evening for
the benefit of the decoration' fund of the
Halcht- School. The hall was comfortably
filled and- the' net proceeds will be about
$100.
Mrs. Helen St. Sure has" been appointed
one of the trustees of the Hotel del Mar.
near- Santa Cruz. The hotel Is conducted
under the auspices of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society. ? ■ ;:;:;•; ; ■ .
The funeral of Miss- Anna Cordes was
held at 2 o'clock this afternoon from the
residence. 1332 High street. Rev. F. S.
Brush preached the sermon.
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
JOHN KRYTSER NEEDS
NO GUARDIAN NOW
Death of Pioneer Mining Man Inter
venes and Ends a Bitter
Legal Contest.
OAKLAND. Sept. 30.— The death of John
Krytser at his home. 1202 Eighth Btreet,
I last night has intervened to end a family
feud, that during the p;ist week had b< en
aired to a considerable extent in Judge
' Halls court.
Charles J. Krytser. son of deceased, re
cently Instituted proceedings for the ap
pointment of a guardian over the i>- r
s-on and estate of his father. The ulti
mate purpose wag t<> prosecute a suit
against the petitioner's Btepmotner, Mrs,
I Elizabeth Krytser, to set aside and null
ify certain deejls wherein the dec ased
transferred his title to the Eighth street
property, which is valued at about. $8000,
to the wife. The stepson charged Mrs.
Krytser with hiving secured the exec.u
tlon and delivery of the deeds through
fraud and undue Influence.
The matter of the guardianship had
!■■ en practically heard in full before Judge
Hall last Tuesday and continued until
; next Monday, Judge Hall Intending to
i visit John Krytser personally before that
i time and determine for himself whether
1 Krytser was incompetent, as alleged by
, petitioning son. While the contest over
I the guardianship will now be buried with
I deceased, it is understood that Charles
J. Krytser will still bring suit against the
Widowed Btepmother to recover the prop
erty to his father's estate.
Deceased was a pioneer mining man of
the State. He was a native of Pennsyl
vania, aged T v years, and besides the
widow ami son mentioned, leaves a
daughter. Mrs. John Williams, and a step
.■-•II. !.. J*. Neuwiler.
ALAMEDA'S TAX RATE.
Will Be Higher Than for Several
Years Past.
AI.A.MKDA. Sept. ?.o.— lt is stated that
will be a cut made in the salaries
paid police officers In this city. In fact,
retrencbtneni In ;ill the different city de
partments i* being considered.
'Hih police officers at the present time,
with the exception of the City Marshal,
receive a salary of $S0 per month. This
amount it is proposed to cut to $70 per
month, in order to economize.
The City Trustees held a committee
meeting last evening for the purpose of
considering the tax rate to be fixed at their
meeting Monday night. They agreed upon
a rate of $1 16. and while all the items of
the tax levy have not been determined
upon definitely, • that will be the figure
formally established by them.
That rate on an assessed valuation of
$11,050,922, shown by <"ity Assessor Smith's
coll totals, will produce 5125.190 In taxes.
The State. County and city rate— sl .'A
plus $1 16 — is ?l! sti. The County Assessor's
valuation of Alameda property is $10,669,
--4r>o. Last year's rate of $105, on a valua
tion 0r.'512.:!54.597. produced a total of $]:SO.-
VS.. 96, or nearly $2000 more than the $1 1U
rate this year will produce with the de
cr< used valuation. .
in ' every department, excepting the
School Department, the amounts asked
for by the heads of the departments have
been considerably cut down. The School
Department asked for $18,415, allowed $18,
--400; High School '$10,560, allow, d $10,000;
Free Library asked for $8410, allowed STUJO;
Street Department asked for $29,000; al
lowed $25,0. r >U.
The bond interest fund will get $24,332.
The general fund apportionment was
placed at $47,000, cut from $51,537 86. Con
siderable more cutting will, have to be
done, as the total of these apportionments
is over $4000 in excess of the amount of
taxes that will be raised at the rate fixed.
With the exception of the year 1895, when
the rate was $120. the rate determined
on last night is the highest in the last
six years. .
Thirty-Fifth to Move.
PORTLAND, Sept. 30.— Orders wers re
ceived at Vancouver Barracks to-day for
the Thirty-fifth Infantry to embark on
"board the transports Rio de Janeiro and
Sikh for the Philippines: The transports
will probably sail, Tuesday;
NICHOLL SAYS
HE DIDN'T GET
A SQUARE DEAL
Wants Jane Hodge's
Suit Tried Over.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Sept. SO.
John Nicholl, familiarly known as the
"Duke oi Richmond," the aged Kast Oak
land capitalist, against whom a jury in
Judge Ogdeu's court on the 22d inst. gave
a verdict In favor of Jane Hodge for $25,
--uoo damages [or alleged breach of prom
ise to marry nor, is decidedly dissatisfied
with that verdict, and Miss Hodge's $50,000
damage suit over lacerated affections may
once again be aired in court.
Mr. Nicholl's attorneys, Major John B.
Mhoon and Sam Bell McKee, on behalf of
tlieir client to-day tiled a notice of inteii
ticn to move the court to vacate the re
cent verdict and judgment and ask for a
new trial of the suit.
If any grounds upon which new trials
are frequently granted and that can i>e
found In :!i> category of Jurisprudence
are omitted from the notice of intention
to thus move it Is no fault ut the attor
neys or ill' aged defendant. Following
are the grounds named in the notice.
"Irregularities In the proceedings of. the
court, of the jury "ami of the adverse
party by which defendant was prevented
from having a fair trial.
"Misconduct of the jury during the trial.
Surprise which ordinary prudence could
not have guarded against.
"Newly discovered evidence materia!
for the defendant and which defendant
could not with reasonable diligence have
discovered and produced at tli.- trial.
"Excessive damages, to wit. $25,000, ap
pearing to have been given by the jury
under tlv* influence of passion 'and preju
dice.
"Insufficiency of th*> evidence to justify
the verdict and judgment.
"That the verdict and judgment are
against law.
"Errors in law occurring at the trial and
excepted to by defendant."
The motion will be made upon affidavits
upon the papers on file In the case, upon
the minutes of the court and jpon a bill
or exceptions to be hereafter prepared,
served settl< d and filed.
FELL FROM A TRAIN AND
WAS CRUSHED TO DEATH
THE TRAGIC END OF HENRY
STEFFENS.
Imbibed Too Freely of the Cup That
Cheers and Thereby Lost
His Life.
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— Henry Steffens
residing at 1114 Buena Vista avenue. Ala
meda, tell from the AJameda local at the
crossing- of First and Castro streets, this
City, early this evening and died of his
Injuries at the Receiving Hospital shortly
before 11 o'clock to-night. The injured
roan stated that he had been over to San
Francisco to call on his son, D. Steffens
who conducts the Elaine, a liquor house"
corner of Washington and Davis streets!
In that city, and that he had taken the 5
2 clock boat from there. He had been
drinking- finite f reply, but he was unable
to explain hew he fell off the trnin.
Steffens was found lying near the track
by those in charge of the Mole-bound Ala
meda local. His injuries were a com
pound fracture of .the skull, the left let:
was broken in three places, the left foot
crushed and the left forearm fractured
1 he hospital surgeons prepared immedi
ately to perform an operation, but the
man s condition would not permit De
ceased was a native of Germany, aged 5S
years. He leave? a widow and son and a
brother. Peter Steffens, who also reside*
in Alameda.
DR. MORTIMER PATTERSON
TO WED MISS E. G. WAITE
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— Dr. Edward Mor
timer Patterson, an instructor in the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons, San.
Francisco, secured a marriage license at
the County Clerk's office after closing
hours this evening to wed Miss Effle G
Wait... a member of the graduating class
of the same college, residing in Alameda.
In •plying for the license the doctor gave
us age as ' over 21 and that of his bride
to-be over 18 years." They are In- reality
65 and 28 years of age, respectively. Dr.
Patterson has been married before and
has several children.
ih^t 1 ""^^"?® V rl ' de is a Ashler of
the late E. G. Waite. Secretary of State
under Governor Markham's administra
tion, and the wedding, it is understood,
will be solemnized at the home of the
bride mother, Mrs. Julia E. Waite 2»26
Central avenue, Alameda, to-morrow aft
ernoon by Rev. W. W. Scudder
It is understood that Mr. and Mrs Pat
terson will, make their home in San Fran
cisco, where Mrs. Patterson will continue
her medical studies. ■
DEATH OF "OLD HENRY,"
THE PINOLE BUTCHER
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.-Henry Mohrmann.
or, as he was better known, "Henry the
butcher,"- died In his lonely quarter?
across the county line, where he has lived
for almost half a century. His little cabin
Is in the rear of the Furtado property
Dear Pinole.
Deceased. was well known by everybody
in his neighborhood and had "managed to
exist for the past few years by doing oc
casional work at butchering In Contra
Costa County. Henry was a native of
Bremen, Germany, and was over 70 years
old. Up leaves a. son. who is quite a
prominent artist In Bremen.
That the deceased did not fill a pauper's
grave is due to the fact that his old
friends quickly subscribed $SO. which pro
cured old Henry a decent burial;'
A Small Fire.
OAKLAND. Sept. 30.— An alarm from
box :< to-night was for a small blaze in
a lot of shavings in the retir of Towle &
Broadwrll's planing mill, corner of Frank
lin and Fourth streets, which hut for its
timely discovery by J. I.crri. who re
sides near by. might have developed a de
structive conflagration. Though the fire
department responded promptly, the blaze
was extinguished by. 1 Steward Borcht rt
nntl several Physicians at. the Receiving
Hospital, just across the street, who were
first notified and made use of several
buckets of water. : .
"Jack the Tree-Chopper."
OAKLAND. Sept. 30.— Deputy Sheriff
Hitchcock- to-night, arrested John Hender
son, known as "Overcoat Jack." at Pied
mont on a warrant for malicious mischief
prefern-d by William MoKinnqn of the
Realty Syndicate, who charges' that rie
has been chopping down many valuable
trees in Pleasant Valley, a suburb '
Knights of Pythias.
The celebration of the thirtieth anni
versary of. Washington Lodge at .Va]l°jo
recently was a most glorious one.- There
were visitors frem the lodges in the vicin
ity, and A. J. Buckle, supreme represent
ative; Herman Schafner, grand keeper <it'
records and seal, and- Mrs. Ada Merguire,
grand chief, of the Rathbone' Sisters.'
There was. a good ■ programme of- enter
tainment, a collation and addresses by the
visitors named and others.
Riverview Lculge of Rio Vista will cel
ebrate its tenth anniversa-ry on the ]2th
of October. '
Eureka Lodge of this city will celebrate
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ Z
"CALTHOS"
Prof..Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Mall To All Sufferers.
SWW^WBI N0 C ° Da 0R DE?OSIT SCHEME>
S^?:iiw^fM^^S? The only preparation known to science which really
fiP^^^Hl^ jf"<^^. cures Lo.-it Manhood is "CALTHOS," the marvelous
iKafeffi^'^SßßHW J&^^FL French remedy discovered by Pro). Jules Laborde. It is
yfKf^y-^jjWBIPB («-n_-* controlled in this country by The Yon Mobl Company, of
'£/SBS^f-,^:'<Mlr3Sm / " %^'*/» Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupies a high and
K*£l<P^CTvis^WC!J^ A t>T honorable place in the world of medicine. It is one of the
I3sS{/2r#s*^Sj^^T P _• ' largest ana most responsible houses in Cincinnati, as
lgiJ3!ip<^^£{H*/ jXC anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify.
iss's! : $i$ l -i$W >♦ *wK ■ "*^ on Mohl Company invites all men suffering
3 ; ''^Vi"4KiSsi/ /I // '& from Lost Manhood, Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele. Small
w7^>?S|js/ ANs.^^. II -Parts or Weakness of any nature in the Nerves or Sexual
ifsip ■¥?*£' Jy^L^f Sil\ I\ '/ Organs, to send their names and receive a five days' treat*
' *$*&sss'/ fiffi&&!i /I I 111 luent. This will prove the wonderful vitalizing powers
**M$W /^•v'vJVf 7/1 1 11 1 " CALTKOS." After using it five days the sufferers
>3(-9&'^l " Vss?^/sl lit V will find new vigor in their organs, new force in their
( BwVsy?l ■V^\L^^ /^/^\jk \ muscles, new blood in their veins, new ambition, and
?Jrart«ifl iv'V^^—^-'^Vl rapid progress toward the buoyant feelings and sensa*
Hj^S;;^ i Wl ] \ I \ \ ' oas of younger days. ■
W \l I \\\ This liberal free offer is genuine. There is no swind.
B^w'i>"¥'\ 1g \\ /ill lingC.O. D. or Deposit Scheme connected with it. The five
JS^s'kiS's\ V V II \\ days' treatment is scat by sealed :ncil to all on request,
' a^sjsKfy'*y. ' Il) I wrapped in a plain package, and full printed instructions
l3^yi'wi'''''s ! I V \ accompany the medicine, so that each patient becomes
s«§^&sSvf3^*Uy . IM\\ his own doctor and cures himself at home.
GSSfssskV ; ?'?i< \ \<if It doesn't mate any difference what caused the weak-
ww3CT^.yij '■'■>'• -:i. ■ ,\ -*T* ness— whether bad habits in youth, or excess, or over-
: "vvV' v vla| I*\ \ work, or business troubles. "CALTHOS" will effect a
: ViyK-. : . : yyl f's& \ cure, no mutter what big name the disease may be called
i^&'ijP.'sjfi^ is3vA Tfce.Von Mohl Company treats all correspondence in
fJ^^Pi'.V-v^g^' /k^Sk^K perfect confidence. Under no conditions will it make
Esk^'sl^V&^ i*§3R-^l V ' public the names of the thousands who have written tes-
B^^mnftiiS.* % /sße t?y\ I ) timonials telling of their restoration to robust manhood
t»«?''"' 'ra» \<*3S**!v'iv / after other medicines and appliances "nave proved v.orth-
§^&&?iiax» $$$* V A less - "CALTHOS" is regularly used in the French and
F^'hifejffijM r%&!i I & German armies, and the soldiers in those countries have
f-j ' ; : '-''*}i£- JwftfW I fa. come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Currs
E:l3ftV:-'; : "^sSi M&Vtif Mb are effected at all ages from twenty to eighty years. There.
{y^V-Vu-'^^l axSsl I / vSvli is no case except where the stage of epilepsy or insanity
ft£^&s&&s3 t?s?*? ( \&A has been reached) which it will not radically, quickly and
Wfl&MMKfciifl '&mL \ s:'l§>^ permanently cure. Sexual weakness does not cure itself.
j&¥r I r"^^\ \ftX^»:'"?!sfcfc. " grows worse from week to week. Each day aggravates
WfiWW I V li SSia^ tli{ - mc»tal and physical anguish.
\i>'^i Send today for the free five days' trial treatment. If it
i *^ helps you, more of the medicine can be purchased. If it
does not Kelp, no harm is done and no money has been paid out. You can send your name in
the full knowledge that it will be kept from all. The "CALTHOS" department of our business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treatment, etc., to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY, 110 B, Cincinnati, 0 .1 Prelar'STJnl'^DnK^suSS
its thirtieth anniversary in this city on
the 15th of October.
California Lodge at its last held meeting
had a smoker for the members and friends
of Ihe order, and all had an enjoyable
timp.
Laurel Loflge mourns the loss by death
of Benjamin Isenburg, for more than fif
teen years its financial officer. He was
recording secretary of Cioklen Gate Lodge,
f. O. O. 8.. for thirty years, and a mem
ber of Chebra Achim Raohmonin. He was
highly respected hy all who knew him.
PROFESSOR WHEELER
NOW HERE TO STAY
President of the University of Cali-
fornia Arrives to Assume the
Duties of His Position.
Accompanied by his wife and child, Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler, the newly appointed
president of the University of California,
arrived In the city last night on the be
lated overland from New York.
The party was met at the depot by Re
gent A. S. Hallidie, who accompanied
Professor Wheeler to the Palace Hotel,
where rooms had been engaged for him
and to which he went as soon as he had
registered, being completely worn out
with his long and tedious trip across the
continent.
When seen last night Professor Wheeler
begged to be excused from an interview,
as he said he was so tired and the hour
was so late that he needed all the rest he
could get before undertaking the trip to
Berkeley, which be Intends making tp
day, and undergoing the fatigues attend
ant on the great reception that awaits
him there.
Proff-ssor Wheeler comes out this time
with the intention of assuming at once the
duties of his new position as the head of
the great Institution of learning across
the bay.
LOS ANGELES TO ISSUE
BONDS FOR WATER
City Authorities Decide to Proceed
to the Extent of Over Two
Millions.
I.OS ANGELES, Sept. 30.— The city au
thorities have decided to proceed at once
with the issuance of water bonds to the
amount of 52.090,000 as voted at the special
election held on August 23. Such at least
was the determination to-day and unless
something unforeseen comes up previous
to the Council session Monday morning
this action will be taken. If the ordi
nance is passed is docs not necessarily sig
nify that th>> bonds will at once be ad
vertised for sale, but this action will
show conclusively that it is the intention
of the Council to proceed with the bond
Issue and to dispose of the bonds as soon
as it sterns tor the best interest of the
city to do so.
Entertained by the Ladies.
The lady relatives of Company G of
the First California Regiment gave a
luncheon to the members of Company G
of the Third Minnesota Regiment at the j
Presidio yesterday afternoon. As soon as i
the guests had partaken of the refresh- j
ments served by the ladies they were |
taken In charge by the members of the j
V. M. C. A. and Riven a delightful time.
Captain Seebach of the Minnesota regi- '
ment gave a short address and was fol
lowed by Saptain Sparrowe of the Call- j
fornla company, who made a few remarks ■
on the war.
The success of the affair is due to Mrs.
Captain Sparrowe, ably assisted by Mrs.
3. M. Smith.
The following programme was rendered: ■
Piano solo, John Mearns; Bong, Mrs. Ju-; i
lius Klein; fancy dance, Miss Annie Burg;
piano bo!o. Mips Florence Burke: witty
remarks. Private Porneroy; vocal selec- j
tions. Johnnie Mearns; piano solo, Mrs. ;
Thompson; vocal selections. Miss Aggie j
McCuHough.
THACKERAY ON A TOUR.
The Man of Letters Was No Match
for a Hackman.
Thackeray loved to relate jokes on
himself; and one he especially enjoyed
was about a Reading hackman. The
author was unacquainted with the
} town and the moment he emerged from
the railway station he told a hackney
I coachman to drive him to. the nearest
! hotel. The driver closed tlif door cere
j moniousiy. mounted his b.ox and they
i started. In half a minute : the cab was
' at a standstill, and Thackeray saw the
I cabman at the door, bowinir to him to
come out. He did se without a word
and found that he'was at the portico of
the station hotel, which he had failed
! to see was not a dozen yards off.
' But he handed the man a shilling and
was entering the hotel, rather pleased
with his own sang froid. when he was
amazed to see the cabman taking off
his coat and offering to "fight him for
the -other sixpence." It appeared that
on that day a resolution of the Reading
Town Council had come into operation
empowering hackney coachmen to
charge eighteenpence for- any distance
within the township. This was its first
fruits! It is unnecessary to add that
the cabman got his money and Thack
eray a good story to tell at the clubs.—
London News.
Mrs. Parvenu— lt's very annoying,
very. How did they discover that the
spoons I gave them weren't solid. They
certainly were not mean enough to
have them examined?
Mr. Parvenu— Of course not. They're
genuine blue bloods. But a burglar
carried off all of the rest of the silver
and left those spoons.— Detroit Free
Press. •
ASSAILED THE
SPEAKER WITH
ROTTEN EGGS
A Lively Meeting on
Grant Avenue.
— ♦ —
CHASE OF THE MISCREANTS
SOCIALIST ADVOCATE GIVEN A
HARD DEAX.
While Expounding His Doctrines He
Is Forced to Retire Under a
Shower of Decayed Hen
Fruit.
The harangue of a Socialist who holds
forth at Market street and Grant avenue
last night almost resulted in a riot. A
large crowd attracted to the scene by
the stentorian voice, while listening to
the address descriptive of the virtues of
socialism was suddenly assailed with de
cayed eggs that came from both sldea of
the street. Several of the sympathizers
of the speaker, incensed at the action of
the egg-throwers, started to wreak venge
ance on them.
One of them was armed with a pistor
and he loudly declared his intention
of shooting 1 the men who dis
turbed the meeting by resorting to throw
ing eggs at the speaker.
Policeman McQuade. who was present
and who had nis uniform almost ruined
by getting in the way of the socialist and
receiving several eggs that were not in
tended for him. promptly arrested
the desperate young man and ordered
the crowd to disperse.
Just then anotner volley of eggs struck
the crowd and the sympathizers of the
speaker determined to be revenged.
Suspecting that the egg-throwers wers
ensconced on the roof of the clothing
store they made a concerted effort to
reach them. The egg-throwers, evidently
becoming alarmed, abandoned their posi
tions, leaving enough eggs behind them
to supply a cheap restaurant where they
sell for the same price as doughnuts.
While they were gathering up the spoil*
of victory a young man with a decidedly
tough cast of countenance started to as
sault the speaker. He was Instantly sur
rounded by a number of the socialist's
friends, who proceeded to annihilate him.
Police Officer McQuade promptly rushed
to his rescue and aftfr considerable diffi
culty finally saved him from being rough
ly handled, to say the least.
While McQuade was engaged in protect
ing the young man from being assaulted
"Colonel Brady approached the speak
er's stand and becoming abusive he was
ordered to move on. He refused to do so
and was placed under arrest. Before the
arresting officer had a chance to ring in
for the patrol wagon Detective Whittaker
took Brady in charge and led him away
from the scene. He was afterward al
lowed to go to his home.
Finally She Let the Subject Drop.
A most embarrassing experience was
that of a certain West Philadelphia
young woman who. a few evenings ago,
j attended a reception in which a number
I of well-known club women participated.
| It so happened that among these were
; several who had found the matrimonial
! yoke an unwelcome one for various
. reasons and had obtained legal separa
tions from their husbands. To one of
these ladies, quite unwittingly, having
just been introduced, the young woman,
who js nothing if not conversational
; and vivacious, addressed the question:
; "By the way, Mrs. R , don't you
; think divorce is wrong?" The lady,
i reddening slightly, replied: "My dear,
there are two sides to that question.
| Perhaps you have not hoard my story."
The questioner, embarrassed beyond
! measure, stammered an excuse and
! walked away. To the first woman she
j met she confided her trouble, saying:
j "Oh, dear! I have just made a most
' unfortunate remark. You know Mrs.
I R ? Well, I spoke to her about di
i vorce, and she's divorced, you know."
j "So am I. my dear." was the smiling
! reply, and once again the young woman
| wished the floor would open under her.
She felt so bad that she went to one
i of the ladies in charge of the reception
! and, taking her aside, told her the
whole story, asking her advice as to
■ what she should do. "Do nothing at
| all. Miss I ," was the reply. "I really
i don't think they have any horror of
! the subject, so long as it's innocently
j called up. I know T haven't, and I. too,
jam a divorcee." Whereat the conv«r
--! rational miss donned her hat, and,
j fearing to say another word, went
home.— Philadelphia Record.
I ' Harry— Jack, can you lend me $3?
I Jaek'ia little deaf from force of habif>—
please say it again.
Harry— Can you please lend me $10?
! Jack— Oh! why— er— l heard you the first
: tini*^.— Yale Record.
A Perpetuated Ceremony.
"Mayme, you didn't go to Maud's wed
ding?"
"No— lt vras too hot; but I've seen It in
the biograph.
1314
SUITS FILED BY
THE UNION BANK
Effort to Collect the
Assessment.
DEPOSITORS DISCOURAGED
BUT FIVE PER CENT OF THEIR
CLAIMS HAS BEEN PAID.
Suits Will Soon Be Brought Against
Heavy Stockholders and Years
of Litigation Likely to
Follow.
;<itch to Tbe.;CaU.
BAN-JOSE, Sept.'. SO.— Onehnnflred. and
three separate suit's .were filed Injustice
Hos.eh'thal's court ■'tp-ilay against stock-
Jioldyrs- of : the defunct- Union Savings
Hanli: .T.he.actions were brought by Hatch
iS: Rea, attorneys for the bank, to collect
t-hc- ?i\) per share- assessment Veyied four
months ago: So- far but three of the
stockholder..^ liave paid the assessment
iiiiil less than $300 has been received by
tlie -biiiik- on the assessment. The amounts
jiikcd in the suits tiled to-day vary from
'$■20 t(y?2Cl, tne aggregate footingiup about
j^.CW), ' and are only against stockholders
. whose assessments are less than $300.
The' large stockholders are to be sued
in the Superior Court. A few days ago
suits' wtre. commenced against Directors
Calllsch; Eaton; Dunlop and Jones for the
asscsarnent. Over on*' hundred suits will
pc lilod in tho Superior Court in a few
days .against this class of stockholders.
H.?s now eight months since the Union
Savings JJaJik suspended, and it looks as
though it will be years before a com
]>lete settlement <»f the bank's affairs is
made. The depositors have sued all the
etookholders fur their pro rata liability
and tho property uf the latter has been
attached.
So far the depositors have been paid
5 per cent of their deposits. They are
I. ''coming greatly discouraged. .Before
them there is endless litigation, and In
the end it is almost certain they will not
receive more than 40 cents on the dollar.
Ex-Pclitical Boss Rea is president of
the bank and he is bringing more or loss
politics into its management. Rea and
Qiredtors Simpson- and Dunlop are in
ilcliti'J to ttio bank- and have made no
attempt; to "pay up. ' ; . -.•..- ■ .
CALEDONIAN NIGHT.
A Pleasant Function Given in Scot-
tish Hall Friday Night.
Scottish Hall was decorated on . Friday |
in a most pleasing manner, with Ameri-|
can ; and;. English banijors aiid : tri-col.ored >
• har.tjns.. the ■: occasion;- .bein's -.Caledonia '
A'Hib- ladles' rirght.'. The. hall- was; crowded
l\vith .tirt?; members and their friends Who
'•Svere'e'rUfc'rtainod Wlthia programme made i
up of the! following mimbcrs;'.. Highland j
fimgciij cost nine, Misses BessJfl and- Pearl I'
fi\lleri;-barytun«i.- ?ulo. selected,-. Arthur J. i
•Kennedy;: so'njj, !"RolHng Homo to Bonniaj
•■Heotla'tr;iV' Mrs. Jennie. S. Segar; tV*:ior
sojo; • .i.-.k M. : Gofflh; comic se
-.h'enQ!)-s> : -\V.- .'■■, J*-'; Hynes; : zither solo;
' '"J"i rolicnne," .;' l.'rofeSHor Chartes : Meyer;
.f-Qiik.'.s'tT'inadpr scteeted. Miss Eugenia
•TuiLv;' -t'^.tnie Suiectionri, Little' Clair Fex;
s ivprd'idatice, jin costume,- Mi?? Bessie AI»
:.'At : -.tne cir>%v of the ' profframme 3. A.
"M«.-Let)d;': i.h.airmnn of- the evening- ex-i.
■JiilMteVl ■{£' travel and. block donated to' the i
: ; c ir.b.liy' CaiVtyin: liubiit Hoy McGrcgnr 6t.,
• the' South. Liji.Uiivas.". These-, are i'rb'rn yJlOB.d;"
: <if .th'.y-.'ifst biockhduse taken-by thaf ra.s^'.,
iiuVmt. i'l ho...;c:t[iiain.' : \.vho- was.' present, •'
Kii'S ■iruiVnlu.OUd Uy. the audience dnd-.wda j
j;r. •..O:i-{ ! -.ivnh jhi'fcH xi!»i')lause-.-. : . ■-• : -.. : '
•■Tl : .pii.';'.folio\vul -a' jjrand rnai-ch. le4. by
J. A. CitrUeuii uad Mrs. 'George Dayi4Son,
1'r..c0.. : i-.-d,.l>\r.Vh^cluti Lindsay
iuni jA'dam KOS3, infal.l .jnghland. costurrt-ei-
The', j'/osramihe. -ffi d;Lntfcs VfaiS; to purely
" Scotch,' music.;. The-. v»ryplt'ai!iintfuricT
tioivivk'as'uiVilor't'he direction of ;h'e : follow^
lng^jfcQinrnitteea-: ; Ifioor 'coinmiUee— J.. A.
. MoLeod , : eh'ai rmnn :' John A. t&CD lid. •J.
E. MacGormack stridCi. R. Thpm'] : lie
c.'niifjn.co'nvinint.-e— Dr. .1- A. J. MoDonald. '
John" He id; •' '€:■ A. --McPhee, William
Mitchell,; J.J.- Cameron, D. 71, Fii.nie, •
James < ftrle. A. LauristonV JamesvlL Dun
ciui,;. WiJliaiu .LTrqiUiart .'aiTd .. ; . P. .Mac-
Cormack.V'-- . .: •/.-".':■ . :'•.;.•", •:;•■ "•; ■ • : .
DOWLING iIS MISSING
Aged Assailant of Anita Kennedy
■^. Has Jumped His Bail. . '_:•'. . .
James . Donling, who 'was- recently held
to answer for- the;- crime of assaulting I
A nita/B- Kennedy, O-. Child of 14:i- ears, li as \
'•junipcd". liis bail of. $000 and his where- i
abcu.'is'Vis at present-. 'unknown.' .poster- ••
day when his (.'i so. was called ■■.by .Judge '
Lawlpr; DowliiiK iaikd : .;t.o answer Uhd a
search- revealed the fact .that. he' had de
camped. The ball was ordered for.feit.ed
and ' a- bench warrant issut-d Tor • his • ar
rest.' JudgO- Trt-ad well -.- held him to an- L
swtT, and it is. thought the law bail gave i
liim an opportunity to adjust matters and I '
leave the State.' ■•:'■' - -.' ,. :..-■".'
Slave-Drivers of Hawaii.
A.to ■ o La
bor Union F*riday night the slave dj
of Ha .; u -i;i
ut the ;■
breadt | states, in a seven
page typ< document sent out
by Secretary Ed rg :.■> President
an Kedcra
■ v Of the slave
■ -
: ' ivn that ace ihe Ha
■
ight to
the islands. "J I ere ta givi
ite Civil War in our own cuiintrv by
which slavery was abolished, with" the
laws i ting slavery. Follow
■ i-ome the laws of the
to annex
. Labor contracts made
The resolution
! Into tho
• • ■ which pro
bor; yet in tile
face of all this dealers ply their
work as though there were no law to the
contrary.
It is expected that when the Eastern
labor unions are mode thoroughly
versant with the conditions of existing
slavery in the newly annexed territory
there will bo a big howl. This is tue ob
of sending the communication to
President Gompers.
Ttie attention of th© council was direct
ed to the c:u«e of a man named William
Kreling, who enlist a bollormaker
on ' . man-of-war Mon
•- way
to Ma I to do the
work of an oiler. This he refused, .
ing that he enlisted' ai
ras court-martialed and sentenced : i
eighteen monthsin prison, lie. is now at
Maro Island serving out his time. The
?ry was instructed to commu'
with fVflsldent McKinley, pleading f.ir a
mitigation of the sentence on th<j gj
that it was unjust to punish Kreling un
der tho cire-..
A Barbecue in Glen Park.
In addition to advancing the Interest of
the Mission and tnkin£ a hand In politics,
tho Mission Federation of Improv. :
Clubs Is determined to keep thy stou.
of Its constituents filled With roast, beef
and mutton. To this end the delegates
have ma'V tion.B to give a bax-
Park on the 22nd Instant,
last night the. fall.
comn ed: -A. X,
• Ichnee, B.Joost.Gus: Staler
and A. s. Llllie. ' •...;■; ;.
Having d ot this all important
matter for tho prescux. tm- Federation i-n
--i-tructed the executive committee to ap
the Democratic committee
. upefvisoriaJ ma-
I □ that dis
tinguished body the necessity of having
ist six unimpeachable Democrats to
:iin hi-lt in tho next Board
Captain EL \V. Anderson
of the six t.. ;
E. :>. rorello i i ,-irii
mpliment at the bands of the Fed'
others will he remains
■■t until the r/ommitt<?<? lias time to
ai ■! kay their names be
fore the -,'in.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
•• ■fHwot ftuoval. J.Noonan. 1017-1023 Mlselon,
ROBERT MORROW
ASSAULTED BY A
BOLD PEDDLER
Had Thrown Him Off
a Streetcar.
YOUNG MAN RESENTED THE ACT
FOLLOWED THE MAGNATE AND
STRUCK HIM.
The Slogger Captured, but Was Re
leased Before Mr. Morrow Could
Surrender Him to the
Police.
Robert F. Morrow, president of the Sut
t* r Street Railway, was punched once
yesterday at the foot of Market street Just
aa he v..--< going to take a boat to cross
the bay. I 'is assailant was a young fel
low, not much more than a boy, who man
to get away without receiving any
I in return, and who, fearing
that a policeman might be coming, sped
i a corner and was lost to sight in
an instant Mr. Morrow did not know his
assailant, and made no attempt to have
a chase made to secure tho fugitive. The
whole affair occurred and was over in an
at, and the capitalist seemed to be
irprised that he did not act very
prompi y
Mr. Morrow went to the ferry on a Sut- j
ter street car that reached the ferry at
about 1 o'clock. Just before the ferry was |
reached a young man jumped on the car j
and attempted to sell a racing programme j
to the passengers. Mr. Morrow saw this i
and ordered the peddler off. As his order
was not promptly obeyed, and tho re- 1
sponse to his order was anything but i
complimentary, he put up one knee and.
pushed the objectionable passenger from I
the platform. Considerable force was ex
ercised, and tho surprised young fellow
was angry. : ;
On • the ■ platform. in : front of the ferry
station, at the point: where the Butter
street line terminates,: were several young]
men of about th( same age, all of whom i
were engaged In trying to. sell the same I
programme on the cars and around the j
ferry station. Hardly was the. bounced i
passenger on the ground when the others
surrounded him and told him that' he had j
: : oiipht to hit Mr. Morrow, who did not
Fc-em to be known to any of them.' ' . .
' The! next that l the capitalist knew .was
that he had | been: on his head by a;
bony but poorly steered fist. Mr. Mbr- j
row had something to do with diverting |
the- blow, which had been aimed at his!
right eye. His overcoat was over his left
arm; His right arm was free to use, and, '
' although he was surprised, he managed to
ward oft the blow to some extent and also
to destroy its 'force. Consequently the ;
; fist rattled upon his stiff derby hat and
did not leave its mark on his face. : '■' :
A* the. same time tho other .peddlers!
were close to him.- and were somewhat
■'threatening, but they .saw that: the assail-;
-6ht was in -no mood to keep, on, and they
offered no fight, :in ; fact. Mr. Morrow's \
enerrty, as soon as.. he. had hit once, was i
;in the hands:'. of the. '.conductor and driver
: ■of Sutter street" cur No. 31.' He was not
I held very tightly. ..As Mr. Morrow made
Ino move" to call' -a policeman the car men
. let go and 'the' pedfJl^r, suddenly, learning \
■lor the- lir&t time-,- from a -bystander, who
file was that he. hart punched, disappeared
j as- speedily' as possible. ':-.,' : ' ' ;.. •
SUES MRS, HINCKLEY
FOR A SMALL FORTUNE
EXZCUTHIX Of STEELE ESTATE
\-tiISTBE. PLAINTIFF. - .
Says the Deceased . Advanced Funds
.: for the Prosecution of the Claim !
': . for -the Elythe Millions. ';
T lorenGe''Brythe : tt-inckjey, the possessor
of the" minions of "the late.Thomas ; Blythe,
was sued yesterday 1 by Emma S. McPher-
Bori. Steele; v aa executrix of the will of the
late.'E, <?-. Steele, for .the recovery 1 of
j oo.ooo' ahd. jn.ter-est:frpm December 4 lSf>s-,
alleg-ed-tp he 'J-up; -on a contract entered
Into : between. Jartes Crisp • Perry,.- as
iruaraian of "the endant,- ■ and E. L,. <;.
gteeie! ./Ilj'.tiie Wfrns of /. the:.. contract,
whi-cTi-; V.as : Scawii- July i 15, ISDB, ■ Steele
!i.srre»?(l to: advance' ; ,£unds necessary for. tire
prosecution of \ Florence i.Blythe's claim
agafnst the .estate Of Thopias Blythe and
was to .. receive as' compensation a sum
(•quali.tb- .oTic -one-half pet cent of
Mm rutini ■lluh of the Drone.rtv recovered
by .the claimant.. •-., •.•••.••■. j
'tinder this and subsequent aorreomentsi
the plaintiff allopes : the sum of $15,000 was
advanced to defendant's guardian. On
I>ecf.mbor 4, lsr<i, : : a final decision was J
rfiidpred/df-claring -.Florence Blythe heir |
to the entire 'estates'.- Hence the executrix
of Steele's will seeks to recover 1% per |
cent of. the entire value of the property,
said to be $4,000,000, under, the agreement
stated. •"; ■•' •■..-,.■:: :■,■..■;
Dt, O'Brien's Position.
Owing to the many criticisms occasioned
by the d< - led down by Judge
Beaw( 11 in th>? case of Health Officer A.
i. O'Brien against Welch <& Company,
brought to recover S7 50 umlrr section 2030
nf the Political Code, the fee demanded
for the issuance of a certificate allowing
the cargo and passeng-.-rs of defendant's
I, R. P. Rithet, to land, Dr. O'Brien
Is anxious that his position in the iiti
gation be understood. It was made to ap
pear that hf' w.iH endeavoring to collect
the money aa a personal fee. "This is not
a fact. The suit was brought in Dr.
O'Brlen'-s name for the reason that he
',f the executive officer of the Board of
Health, it being rit>ct-HFary for the pur
of the suit that the name of the
highest nfii< ial In the board be used for
this puri"
LISTED
ON THE
OIL EXCHANGE
Our company- is listed on the Cal-
ifornia Oil Exchange. There is
niorify in oil f-took if you make your
. : ent with the right com-
pany. Let Us explain to you why
v. ■ r-!n!m "our offer" second to no
othf-r We court- the closest Inves-
tigation.; l.r.fnrmation received
dally from tho famous Kern River
district. . -'■ .
Our offer of stock at 60 ■CENTS
per Bharo holds good only until Oc-
tober Si ' ;
Patfiphlet and map for the asking
Stock' non-assessable.
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building,
Open; evenings; from 7 : to 8 o'clock.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. •:
iz , ,-. l-.sv anjcjt Washington b bo.—re■t o.— re-
■ » modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &'
CO. - . European plan. Rooms, 60c to jl 50 day
|5 to IS week; »3 to^3o month.' Free baths; hot
and ..water every room; fire- era tea la every
room:., elevator runs all ninhti . '.■--,.-*'
THE SAN Ftf AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
THE Autumn- Winter term of THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S
JLJ HOME STUDY CIRCLE, beginning Monday, October 16th,
II arid continuing until February 15th, 1900, will present the
v . following courses of study:
I. Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
11. The World's Famous Artists.
111. Great American Statesmen.
IV. Desk Studies for Girls.
V. Shop and Trade Studies for Boys.
VI. Home Science and Household Economy.
■
The Call is essentially the great home paper of the West, and in arranging for the presentation of this
series of reading neither time nor money has been spared in securing contributions from the best literary
talent to be secured. ; .
This series of articles will bring Call readers into close personal touch with many of the most dis-
tinguished writers and educators of the country.
It is impossible to measure this power for good. Only those who will enter into the full spirit of the
studies can realize how great is the benefit to be derived from taking advantage of them.
The courses arranged for the Autumn- Winter Term are in every way most attractive.
Shakespeare I Artists | History Night School I Home Science
The Shakespeare course will be This course will be published on j The History course will be pub- | This course will be published on This course will be üblis 1 d
I ... m ! lished on Fridays, beginning Fri- __ , , . P is c
published on Mondays and Thurs- | Tuesdays, beginning Tuesday, ; day^ October ig _ Wednesdays, beginning Wednes- on Saturdays, beginning Satur-
days, beginning . Monday, Octo- O^ber 17. Contributors to. this Coarse: | ""* ° Ct ° ber I 8 under the bead- *£***«?«• '■■
ALBEBT BUSHNELL HART, i'^ "^ S ™* 8 *" °™' «* Bllr at^ v T™
hella - ' ".->-.- Ph.D., "Shop aid Trad. Studies for 7 atteu:tl ™ «"™ "> the "**-
Contributors to this Course: Professor of History, Harvard Unl- ence of the home," to be presented
•"*^^ - ™ ■ i • versuy. Boys. " j ■
:. . JOHN BACH McMASTER, . . during the autumn-winter term.
Contributors to this Course: JOHN C. VAN DYKE, L.H.D., Professor of t American History, Uni- ."■ ■ -' The very best talent in the "United
.• ■ - ■.' versity or Jrennsylvanla. • ■ . *■?-
->ecturer on Art at Columbia. Harvard -rim a Tin c STEINEB PhD : " ■ States has been secured to eive
EDWARD DOWDEN, m*. .. and Princeton. : ÜbrfrSn of t^ Pratf Fr e « 2&. " " Desk Studies for Girls", .has p,a n and l"7o " theT.
DCL. LL.D. ' " Librarlan of v f m |tt c Free Library. ; . plan and direction to the in-
Professor of English Literature. - RUSSELL STTJRGIS, Ph.D. FREDERIC W. SPEIRS, Ph.D., been specially arranged for girls stnic tion, and many new and
.. University of Dublin. F.A.I.A. j D "jgegg^ fiStogr^d Economics. ° n i and young women who feel the unique features will be introduced.
WILLIAM J. ROLFE, Litt.D., Al * Crltic of the New York Tlmes - CHARLES H. SMITH, LL.D., need of a more thorough knowl-
Editor of Harper Bros.' Shakespeare ' Professor of American History. Yale j '
Edition. A. L. FROTHINGHAM JR., PhD., university. edge of language, books and
P WILLIS M. WEST, M.A., i par i !nn rnntr;h..t«« .
HIRAM CORSON, LL.D., Professor of Art, Princeton Unlver- Professor of History, University of money affairs. The studies will be i-cauiug v,uninoutors .
: . slty. ■ Minnesota.
Professor of English Literatur*. JOHN W. PERRIN, Ph.D., presented under the following MRS. HELEN CAMPBELL.
: . Cornell University. Junjsl w- Jrn.jj., &
ARTHUR HOEBER, ; Professor of History, Adelbert College, 1.., <= . MRS - MARGARET E. SANGSTER
'.■':'. '■'■'. Cle% eland '-•!•'•■■ neaas.
HAMILTON W. MABIE, Art Critic of the New York Commer- , JAMES A WOODBURN Ph D MRS KATE GANNETT WELLS.
Associate Editor of The Outlook. . clal Adyertlser - ■ Professor of History and Political Sci- j' ' New Words and How to Use Them « . MISS LUCY WHEELOCK.
■•'■/- ."' . ence, Indiana University.
ALBERT S. COOK, Ph.D., LL.D., FRANK FOWLER, ANDREW C. MqLAUGHLIN, !2 " Correspondence and Handwriting. MISS ANNA BARROWS.
Professor of Literature. . (New York City.) LL.B.. !3. Reading Courses and a Girl's Library m,- *„!,„ ,
Yale University. • Professor bt American History, Uni- . ■ ''The following outline will give some
- versity of Michigan. " 4. Persona! Accounts and Money Affairs iaea of the general character
ISAAC N. DEMMON, A. M , XL.D., 5. Writing for P u b llcaUon . o£ the studies.
5. Writing for Publication.
UrnvSJ/of *££££ The m °*°* arti3f3 will be tak9n U P : The course in American history j '■• The ° me Healthful and Beauliful '
I. Titian. will include special studies of the ' — L The Hom e Construction.
, , . . , . * 2. The Home Environment.
9 Cnrronn* following famous statesmen: 3 . The Home Furnlsh!ne- v
1 Cnrrpnrun ■ „ a. J.ne wome Furnishing.
*.. correggio. c««nT.»i fl^««^e Bo s and young men who are <• The Home Decoration.
The following plays will ba taken up: I. San)uel Adams.
. . , , l , i «. ■ 3 * Donatell °- 2. Patrick Henry. ambitious to advance their posi- 2. The Buying, Cooking and Serving of
I. Love s Labor s Lost. Fnnri
4. Valasquez. 3. John Randolph. dons will find that an evening or
_ ■ f. r- . - M • 1- The Economic Buying of Food.
2. Comedy OT Errors. 5. Durer. 4- Oouver Morris. two a week spent upon "Shop and 2. The Chemistry of Cooking.
5. Benjamin Franklin. ' 3. Foods for Invalids and Children.
3. King Richard 111. -6.lta-IWb.ln. 6. T b oma S Jefferson. Trade Studies for Boys " -i« be of l n^"" and Table
7. Van Dyke. 7 . Jan)es Madison . th. largest value. The work will 5 Carvin * and s — —*
4. The Taming Of the 8 Tram Hfl|s ; 8 Alexander Hamilton< be divided into five departments, 3 ' The S ° Cial Life ° f the ° me -
ShrPW. ■ ~ . *• Family Relations and Domestic
o G-in-hnroiinh 9 John Jay. as follows: Life.
9. Gainsborough. / ..; 2 Visiting and Entertaining.
X AcYnilllkplf in r .v, ■ 10. John Marshall. 3 . Recreation and Amusement.
D. AS lOU LIKe It. 10. Constable. M bert Gallatin I . Arithmetic of the Workshop. 4. Women Wage Earners of the
Home.
6 Othello. M. Sir Thomas Lawrence. 12. Andrew JacKson. 2. Drawing for Mechanics. 5. The Home in Its Relation to the
12. Sir Fdwin Landseer 13. John C. Calhoun. 3. Arithmetic of the Counter and Office
7 LJnnloAr " ia v r-i a » n\. 4. The Care and Education of Children.
/. King Lear. • . 14. Henry Clay. 4. Money Problems and Business
13. MeiSSOmer. i . D . rnH . 1. The Children in Infancy.
15. Daniel Webster. necoras. 2 The Kindergarten Age
.8. CoriQlanUS. ,4. Gilbert Stuart. ,6 . char.es Suroner. 5. Machine Drawing and Design. I T^Bo^f^ s^i
Full particulars in illustrated booklet Full particulars in illustrated booklet Full particulars in illustrated booklet : Full particulars in illustrated booklet Full particulars in illustrated booklet
mailed free to any address. mailed free to any address. mailed free to any address. mailed free to any address. mailed free to any address.
FREE OF CHARGE===A 32=PAGE BOOKLET, HANDSOMELY ILLUSTRATED.
It tells all about the HOME STUDY CIRCLE and the pro-
gramme of studies for the coming term. Mailed on request.
ADDRESS: MANAGER HOME STUDY CIRCLE, THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, CALL B'LDG., SAN FRANCISCO
■ * ■ ■ , . . . ■-■■■■ " . . *.■■MOST NOTABLE
RECEPTION BY
HIGH MASONS
Royal Arch Chapter
and the Ladies.
v, ■ ■ • .
TENDERED A BANQUET
BRILLIANT FUNCTION IN TEE
COMMANDERY .
Colonel Victor D. .Duboce . Presented
a Certificate of Life Membership
. in Appreciation of ; . ••:" ...
Services. '••■• .. ;.
. ■ "'■ ■ . ' ; ■ ? ; : ; :"'•:■
For the first time in the. history of. the
organization the Companions, of California
Chapter Royal • tv : Masons tendered a
Reception to ladies' last night In the com
xnniidery hall of the Masonic- Temple.
V:;.;.r tho direction of tho committee on
decorations, M. J. Savage, J. G. Llebold
and John Bennett, the ball was- most
beautifully decorated with ferns,' ; ever
! greens! trl-colored streamer with -a pro
fusion of American flags over the side
lights, while ; n the east there was ajfnag
nJflcent display of emblematic banners.
The effect was cne that has seldom .been |
t equaled in this city. There were six
tables upon which were laid covers for
live hundred. ;aud these were occupied by
an equal number of gentlemen and ladies,
each Companion being permitted to bring
but one lady.
Those who occupied the seats of honor
were John T.ir.ningsen, the high priest
of the chapter, md Mrs. ! iningsen; Col
onel .Victor D. Duboce and Mrs. Duboce;
Monn L. Jones, grand high priest,
and Mrs. Jones: Samuel M. Short
ridge and Mrs. Short ridge; Frank-
Jin H. Day, secretary of the chap
ter: E. W.; Moore.-*.. Morris H. Estee
and Mrs. Estee, Charles L. Patton and
-drs. Patton. H. J. Owen and Mrs. Owen;
Harry Baehr, king of the chapter, and
-sirs. Baehr; Robert N. Carson, scribe of
the chapter, an i Mrs. arson; and Charles
Hone, master of ceremonies.
A brief address of welcome was de
livered by High Priest Tonningseu. who
was the tuastmaster, and was followed
by an invocation, after which the Com
panions and* the lady guests partook of
a most excellent supper. The gastronomic
portion. having been disposed of there fol
lowed an hour of oratory and music. \\ r
C Campbell sang "The Mighty Deep."
«. harles L. Patton responded to "The
i.-M'iies." Clarence T. Wendell gave a vocal
s-fiection, '•Four-Leaf, Clover. 1 ' Franklin
•I!. Day, on behalf of the chapter, pre
■ t-yntcd to Colonel Duboce. in recognition
of his services to the country, a certificate
■ Mlife membership in the chapter, D. N
.1. i^vnr.ee rendered "Dreams!' in a charm.
ring voice, Samuel M. Shortridge responded
to '"Our Country," Samuel D. Mayer tang
• "Tli«j Siar-Spangied Banner," Hugh J.
.Owens incited a poem. Grand High Priest
V. 1.. Jones responded to "The Grand
Chapter." Edward & Mcßain favored
■with a vocal selection;, E. W. Moores told
." of VMasonry In the Philippines." Robert
.a\ . Smith gavt- a vocal selection and Col
onel Duboce responded to the last toast,
?VOur;"Companlona in the First California
Regiment-" The event was brought to
ii- close by all rising and singing "Amer
ica.-' ■ .
This unusual event in Masonry was un
•d-er the direction of the following commit
•\tv-s: Afrangements-SJohn Tonningsen,
Harry Baehr, Robert N. Carson; recep-»
tion— Harry Ascroft, William T. Reynolds,'
Hiram T. Graves, Joseph M. Litehfleld
John' K. Purdy, Abraham Halsey, Frank
lin H. Day, Charles Patton, George Diet
terle. Roh-rrt" Ash. John A. Hosmer, :Ben
jamin F. Jcllison, Hugh J. Owens, William
C. ireyer and Charles. W. Decker; musical
■director— Samuel D. Mayer. •
BANQUET POSTPONED
High Chief Banger McElfresh Called
Away Forester Notes.
The banquet which .was to have been
tendered last night to High Chief Ranger
McEifre«ih by the board of San Francisco
<1.-puties has been postponed, for on his
arrival in this city yesterday he was sud
denly summoned to his home In Los An
pe!es. and had to take the afternoon train
Sherwood Circle of the Companions of
the Forest has arranged through its good
of the order committee for a social, to be
tnvf-n In its hall next Wednesday night
Mrs. M. E. Falconer, the supreme grand
chief companion of the Companions of the
J;<>re?t, has announced the following of
ficial visitations the current month-
To Ivanhoe Circle, October 4; Franklin
l Ircle. Octobr-r 5; Loyal Circle. October
Y. Pride of the Forest Circle. October 10-
Bournemouth Circle, October U; Justice
Circle. October 13. and Valley Circle of
Stockton, October 16. .
Companions of the F. of A.
San Franc Cj rf >le at its last-held
meeting, admitted two members by invi
tation and at its next meeting expects to
have a half dozen more to induct into
the mysteries, of i. i order. .At that meet
ing Miss Mary Lynch} past president re
reived from, the circle a framed certifi
cate of a past chief.
Wednesday. Septum i r 20, Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Flora Jacobs paid her
|« ° c al^ BU '.. th. circle chosen belnj
Palo Alto. ■ There was a large number ol
members of. the circle and order present
and of the: executive counui there were
Grand Treasurer Miss-Alice Ticoulet and
Grand Trustee- Mrs. R. Kemp van Ec
Alter an ex.emplicatio.n of the work of
Initiation and the circle method* of doimr
business there were .addresses by the
grand chief companion. District DeDUtv
Herman Kohn, District Deputy Mrs M
A Duke, District Deputy Mrs. Kmrna
Harrington. M. B. Licht. Jacob Label of
the Forester Review, the honorary mem
ber of Robin Hood, and others. There
were also a number of entertaining selec
tions of vocal and -irtstrum-ental muMc
and the serving of Ice cream and cakes
Robin Hood Circle on Wednesday Sep
tember 20. after the close of business had
an open meeting to its friends, of which a
large number were in. attendance. There
was presented a select' programme of In
teresting and pleasing numbers, after
which there was dancing and the serving
of ice cream and cakejj to all
Tuesday September ]9, Chief Companion
Erritt of Inter Nos Circle,, who has been
absent • fronv the city for some time, was
Installed by Deputy. Mrs. -At wood. During
the evening two' propositions •v. re re-
c *, veJ J? nd afJei \ busl nes3 there was an
enjoyable social hour..' • •
,f t , ty ]*;. i ; p< ont:sesßiorr.of the Supreme Cir
cle hdd in Providence R.. 1.. Mra Sara
Btorey was reflected supreme chief com
panion for the third term. In heraddWi
to the supreme body she Bald: "In Cali
fornia I found the past and grand officers
working earnestly for the States id
vancement. and while . I find that then
™ many diillcultios to encounter they
have Jive.l. and ...worked to conn 'r and
it gives me great pleasure to- congrriUifate
" ■
Last WodTwiay night Bay City Circle
gave a social in the social all 3 of th»
Alcazar balldlng. w.hich whs attended by
fi wry larp.- number of people. The event
w.ll ni "^ Was ? n tnlbitlon cake
walk, whlcMwas productive of -much-en
jp;.-ment. The function- was managed by
• Mar- 1
Last Thursday the grand chief comnan
ion paid an ofncial^t to Excelsior!
B'ne B'rith.
Last week Grand President Sichel re
turned from an official visit to th« mem
bership in Angeles; bast Sunday' he
Went to San Jose on an official visit '
The entertainment that was to have
been given by Unll >' J-^J&e on th 27th
October postponed until the 3d of
All the loclpes of the jurisdiction wlli be
called upon shortly to give voic» as to the
proposition •to have the . Constitution
Grand Lodge me"', In San Francisco "
WO or in Chicago, i.. re has beeS a grea
deal of talk in th!« Jurisdiction In regard
to the next meeting O f the highest body
of the-oraer, yjid once It was almost noai
tlve.y decided that It should be held here
but since that there.:- have been so many !
obstructions thrown in the way of this -
locality that from the sentiment expressed
it is almost sure that Chicago will be al
lowed the honor of the convention.
The portraits of Colonel 11. P. Hush, A. i
| Jonas, : Herman Enkel, E. I. Wolf, M. P.
Stein and Herman- Gudstadt. past grand
i presidents, are being painted in oil, and
i when finished they. will be placed on the
walls of the B. B. library.
....
. . ■ . Maccabeelsm.
San Francisco Tent No. IS has of late
been Increasing in- a. wonderful degree
through the efforts •of Sir Arbogast, its
deputy. At its review on.the 22d of last
month it initiated a. class of ten candi- I
dates, and Record Keep, r Frohlieh read
fifteen plications from strangers who
are anxious to join.' The tent, which now
has in excess of 325 members, received a
fraternal visit that night from State Com- !
mander S. .W.; Hall, who in a talk to the!
tent announced that in the past eight .
| months the increase in this jurisdiction
surpassed that during the same period in
many years. There were present a num
ber of sir knight;? from Montana who
came.. here to welcome the Montana First.
Last Tuesday night San Francisco Tent
gave. a smoker that was attended by a
largo number Of the members, and many
of them brought friends with them to en
joy a good programme and pipes, tobacco
arid- coffee. The programme, which was:
under the direction of Sir Knight T. J. I
■Harris, had for features an address, by
George V'aroo, recitation by Mr. Dabo
vich. Bongs by J. Lawrie, remarks by Dr.
Sichel, vocal solos by Joe Hanson, Mr.
Bordon, Signor Arrocchea and Daniels,
and funny stories by Sir Knight Green- i
! berg. •
! Golden West Tent" on last Tuesday night
increased - ltd' membership by the admis
sion of seven « strangers by Initiation, .the
t«'iiro work being performed in a manner ■
.that has won for this tent very high com
■.it lons. The tent is still advancing,
j and While it is not. saying much, it is
! ijuiefly increasing its membership In a
I way : that is- making some of the older
! tents of the jurisdiction stand back in
', amazement. • ' ■
The Druids.
Noble Grand Arch Martinonl and Grand.
Secretary Graves xv.ere accompanied on ;
their official visit to Tumalpata Grove by
Past Noble Grand Arches I>. F. Dunand
'. and li. J. Cottingham, Grand Sentinel \
Jules Godeau and Past Arches Lanff of
No. 56, L. HJsalbosen of 113, Leon Panchon
lof 10. and 1.. Pezzacfia of 75. They wit
nessed the initiatory work and upon clos
ing the grove those named became the
guests of the grove membership at a
' hotel, where there whs a feast for the in
ner man and one of. oratory. "The Man
in the Hole," an original poem by W. F.
Dougherty, was the : nit of the evening.
The grand officers also paid a visit to
I Novato Grove, on which they were ac
| companied by Past Arches .W. F.
i Dougherty and A. Kappleman of Tar
n! alpal.s Grove, Past Arches G<x>rgo N.
■ Smith, J. L. Blackburn and J. Redi and
I Vice .Arch A. M. Bianchi of Cypress Grove
and a number of members of Cypress and
1 ••taluma groves, there being eighteen
■ from the last named- subordinate. Two
strangers were elected to membership,
■ after- which the second and third degrees'
j were, conferred on two candidates. This
grove was organized- last January and it
!is doing exceedingly well. It has a mag-
I r.lflcer.t hall : , in which there is a commo-
I dious- banquet-room. ■ In this the visitors
' were' 'entertained at a supper, when re
sponses to toasts followed the menu.
Galileo Grove at a recent meeting mii
i tiated eighteen candidates, had thirteen
more to Induct into- the mystery of the
order and that night received five propo-
I sitions.
I 'ypress Grove of Petaluma has ar
ranged for a hop on the 28th inst.
El Dorado Circle gave a successful en
t> rtalnment and dance in Washington-
Bquare Hall on the night of the 27th of
last month. ■. ■
The new watermelon color at "Keith's"*
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. IT. Kerr. a wealthy merchant of
Portrar.d, Or., is a guest at the Palace.
R. «'. Sargent, the Lodi millionaire land
owniT, is one of the recent arrivals it the
Rusg,
Dr. W. S. George, one of th<- lead!) g
j physicians of Antioeh, is a guest at the
Grand.
L. Barrett, one of the leading- business
men of Los Angeles, is a guest at the
| Palace.
E, E. Wileox. a Madera capitalist, is at
I the Lick, where he arrived yesterday
i morn-ing.
Judge T. S. C. Lowe has come up from
his home in Pasadena and is staying at
! the California.
Ora T. Hassett, a wealthy fniit man and
owner of a large cannery at Healdsburg,
is a guest at th© Russ.
Commander C. A. Adams, U. S. X.,
came down from Mare Island yesterday
and went to the Occidental.
Assemblyman C: B. Jilson has come
down to the city from his borne in Horn
brook and is registered at the Grand.
J. J. Byrne, geneial passenger agent of
the Sp.nta Fe at Loa Angeles, is at the
Palace on a short business trip to this
city.
Frank Matterson, State president of the
Native Sons, is a guest at the Grand. Ho
arrived yesterday from his home in Santa
Cruz.
Willis Pike, who Is extensively inter
ested In the raisin industry in Fresno, is
registered among the late arrivals at the
Ruse.
G. Ast, A. Fries and P. Schmidt, three
travelers from Germany, who are maklnt?
a tour of the United States, are at the
California,
Dr. J. H. Barr, one of the most promi
nent physicians of Marysville, is staying
at the Grand while on a short pleasure !
trip to this city.
Captain John Bermingham, Supervising
Inspector of Hulls and Steam Boilers, ha*
gone to Washington. D. C, on a trip com- j
bining business and pleasure.
The following trustees of the "Whittier
State School are at the Occidental: Presi
dent Walter Lindley. Mrs. John W. Mitch
ell, James Clarke and Secretary Sherman
Smith.
Lieutenant Governor Jacob Neff Is soon
to take up his permanent residence In San
Francisco. He has taken the house at
1154 O'Farrell street, and will move his
Tilly into it to-morrow.
W. C. Voorsanger, eldest son of Rabbi
Vo<,rsanger, left for the East last night
to take a post graduate medical course
at a leading university. He graduated
with high honors from Cooper Medical
C« tlei
Mr. .- "lons, a prominent Australian
capitalist, is at the Occidental, en route
to his home from the Bast His wife is
with him, and they have been putting in
some Ume taring the United States on
pleasure.
Mrs. M. A. House, a Government nurse
who has lately returned from Manila is a
guest at the Grand. Mrs. House was at
tached to the Minnesota regiment in the
Philippines, of which organization her
only son is a private in Company F.
Ex-Senator Stephen M. White expects
to leave for his horn- in Los Angeles to
day. He is greatly Improved, but still s>o
weak that many of his friends look for
ward with great anxiety to the results of
a trip' taken In his present critical state
of health.
Garret MeEnerriey left this city last
night for. Washington to argue before the
Supreme Court of the United States cer
tain phases of the Fair case. This will be
Mr. McEnern«y's first appearance before
the national appellate tribunal, and' he :
will be • introduced by some prominent
Eastern attorney. At Chicago Mr. Mc-
Enerney will meet Archbishop Riordan
and Journey with him to Washington.
CATARRH CAN BE CURED.
Catarrh Is a kindred ailment of consumption
long considered Incurable; and yet there is ona
remedy that mill positively cure catarrh in any
of it« stages. Fur many years this remedy was
Hi-, by the late Dr. Stevens, a widely noted
; authority on nil diseases of the throat and
luikb. .Having tested ltd wonderful curative
powers in thousands of cases, and desiring to
! relieve human- suffering. I will send free of
i charge to all sufferer* from Catarrh, Asthma.
! Consumption and Nervous Diseases, this recipe,
j In German, French or English, with full direc
tions for preparing and unlng. Sent by mall by
addressing, with stamp, naming this paper, W.
1 A. Nojc-b, 920 Powers' Block, Rochester. N. Y.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1599.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
Order Eastern Star.
After the close of the business of
Golden Gate Chapter, Order cf the East
ern Star, at Its last held meeting, the
members gave a party to the children
members, and it proved to be a very
pleasant affair. There were pr>^ ::t
about sixty little ones, who were enter
tained with a programme made up of the
following members: Buck and wing
dajice the little Misses Bou'on; recita
tion, Mai Charleston; song, ifazel Dun
can; recitation, Ruth Chnatesen; vocal
solo, Harry Darling; selections, Clarin
ditl Dewey; recitation, Raymond Fahren
holtz; musical selections, Rena Burnham;
recitations, Clarise FHhrenholtz; vocal
solo. Sariti Dewey; darky specialties,
1 oulse Langley. The children were
t lests at a banquet in one of the halls,
which was tastefully decorated in Japan
ese effects. Each was presented with a
dinner favor in the shape of a bonbon
I>"X, on which was a gilded butterfly.
The programme closed with a fancy
march led by Miss Louise Langley and
Master Harry Darling. The affair was
under the direction of M*>sdames Virginia
Langley (chairman). Adah Roxy Duncan,
Maud Wright Terwilliger, Victorine
Francesca Anthony, Katie Burnham,
Addie Lucia Ballou, Anna Emilie Christe
sen,:Kate Josephine Wlnats.Emlly Fardee
Duren, Ida Ingraham, J. E. Charleston,
Franc Henly Morgan. Margaret Ella
Bradley and Messrs. Ernest Knox Hend,
Benjamin Beatty Duncan. Florin Jones.
Daniel L. Dewey, Frederick William
Gustave Moebus, Samuel J. Lank and
\\ Illlam Schuyler Moses. It wua well
planned and successfully carried out in
every particular.
Rebekah Drill Corps.
The Rebekah Drill Corps will give a
grand entertainment in Odd Fellows' Hull
on the night of the sth inst., and in ad.li
tion- to the select programme of musical
and literary numbers there will be a drill
by the m< mbera of the corps, who are -
Allie Parker of Oriental, captain; Ella
Campboll of Loyal, lieutenant; Winnie M.
Dowle of Templar, ensign; Pauline and
Sarah Harris of California, Generva Ash
worth, Ada Bernhelmer, Mollie Biuck.
W. S. POTTER.
Lottlf- Carson, Lottie Farr, Mary Hasted.
Alma Johnson, Annie McDonald, I
Monroe, Gertrude Seivers and lialr War
t'ord of Templar, Agnes Draffln, B
Draffin, Lena Jarvls, Jennie Stamp
Mattle Webb of Oriental, Clara Gunsales
. of Amity, Katie Dettenhoff ;n.<l .1
I Ducruw of Walhalla and J( b< phii •■ Con-
Eola Cyrus, Lottie Goff, Ada Law
rence and Rita Meacham of Loyal. They
: will be drilled by W. 8. Potter, I!eu1
colonel of the Second Regiment
Patriarchs Militant, their drillmaster, who
•"■ c s juatl; C th< efflcl* ncy the
young ladies I Lye demonstrated In the
drillroom.
The Odd Fellows.
On the night of the 21st of last month
!!d the honors to a num
l the Odd Fellow BOldiers in the vol
! unteer service. The guests of the even-
Ing were Captain Van Houton of the
South Dakotas, Lieutenant Badley of the
Idahos, Captain Johnson <■!' the North L'a
k"'d«, Sergeants Barnes and Green of the
, South Dakotas, Sergeant Negrea of the
I Wyomings, Corp rals Urig^- and t'roston
|of the Wyomings, Chaplain Stephenson
: of the Hospital Steward Gaussett
of the Wyominga, nnd Privates <" it-man,
Pratt. Chesley. Firan. Cosigne and Mc
i Lean of the Dakotas; Cole and Degroos of
! the Wyomings, VVassman and Parks of
the Colorados, Fuller of the Minnesotas
and Mi Dowell of the [dahos. These were
welcomed )■>" F. L. Turpin, the noble
I grand, after which there were addresses
approjriat* to the occasion by Congress
man Julius Kahn, Messrs. Cameron. Hew
itt, Malcolm, Holly, Past Grand Steven
son anil Dr. K. J. Schirman. There were
also addresses by tht- prominent ones of
the guests, after' which then- was a s>up
per, when a pleasant hour was passed.
The visit of the Veteran Odd Fellows
|to Farnsworth Lodge last Wednesday
: night was a pleasant one. The vii
were Introduced bj Dr. Frost, acting as
marshal, and the address of wel ne waa
by Noble Grand Waite. After the busl
. ness meeting there was an open meeting
! and N. E. Flint presided. There were
addn ases by a number of the visitors and
igramme of vocal music.
Parker Lodge will have an initiation
1 next Tuesday nij
Woodmen of the World.
Tamalpais Camp has moved to the Al
cazar building, where it will hereafter
meet on Monday nights. This camp will
'< on the 6th inst. give an entertainment to
I its friends.
The recently organized bureau of relief
■ f the Woodmen of the World has ar
ranged for an entertainment and ball in
Odd Fellows' Hall on the nluht of the
S,'A\ inst.
Next Tuesday will he Woodman's night
at the Mechanics' Fair. It Is expected
that eight hundred members of the orJer
i will form <m Grove street at 8::io o'clock
and march Into the Pavilion.
Golden Gate Camp will initiate twenty
strangers during the current month.
There will be three nights for that work
on the 2d, ICth and 23d. On the evening
of the Bth Inst. the camp will have an
other of its very popular open meetings
' after a short business session. There will
')•• a musical programme, amateur cake
walk and athletic events.
The Rebekahs.
Txiyal Rebekah I^odge at Us meeting last
Monday night admitted Dr. Ralph J.
Schirman, Annie Marie Pessy, Jennie C
: Goodwin, Laura H. Itlake. Ellen Wilson
i and Elbert Spears to membership by ml,
, tlation. Thla makes .sixteen initiations
i during the term of the present noble
grand. Ruby A. Jewell. The lodge has
s'-ver.il more applications on the desk.
To-morrow night the lodge win give an
! entertainment, and as those It has given
j in the past have been most pleasant af
, fairs this one no doubt will be a success
as well. The lodge has been provided
with a new pU.no, and now it is pleasant
to llsien to the strains of an instrument
;in p< r fect harmony. On the occasion of
the recent visit if Lieutenant Badley of
the [dahos to this lodge he presented It
a silver medal of the volunteer odd Fel
lows' Association of the Philippines. The
noble grand accepted it on behalf of t lie
lodge in language full of sincerity and
of loyalty to the order.
On Saturday, the 23d ult.. Fair Oaks
Lodge Of Alameda was attended by a
Dumber of Rebekah soldiers and a num
ber i if visitors, including Mrs. Mary E.
Donoho, secretary of the California" As
sembly, and Mrs. Perry of Templar
Lodge of this city. The visitors were
most cordially received, and after the
meeting were entertained.
Mrs. Helen M. Carpenter of the Califor
nia Assembly has announced the following
visits for October: To Petrolla I>odge,
Santa Paula, 23d; Clover Leaf, at Ventura
24th; Sycamore, at Santa Ana, 28th, and
Arbutus, at Whittier. 31st.
Next Saturday night Templar Lodge
will have a contest Cakewalk in Memorial
Hall of Odd Fellows' building. As a num
ber of couples have signified their inten
tion of contesting it is Mkely that it will
be a very exciting event. For further at
traction there will be a "bloomer march"
by the ißtlies of the lodge.
Ancient Order Workmen.
The Past Masters' Association will be
addressed to-morrow night by Grand
Foreman C. E. Snook.
Next Thursday night delegates from all
the local lodges will hold a meeting to
arrange for tho celebration of the anni
versary of the order on the 27th irst.
Excelsior Lodge celebrated its twentieth
anniversary laei Thursday night by an
entertainment for members of the order
only. Ladies were not Invited.
Pacific Lodge had an open meeting in
Oaklund last Thursday night, which was
well attended.
Degree of Honor.
Last week there was a "crowded house"
in the lodge room of Ivy Lodge in Oak
land to witness the cakewalk by eight
couples, members of tht order. The prize
wenl to Jesse Jackson and Miss Kittle
Gartner. There were among the visitors
members of seven different lodges.
Last night Laurel Lodge of West Berke
ley gave an entertainment and social that
was well attended.
I'nder the new constitution, the elec
tion will be held at the first meeting In
June, instead of December, as in the
past.
A number of beneficiary certificates are
being issued at this time. During the
current year but three deaths have oc
curred in the order.
A new lodge was instituted at Monito,
Los Angeles County, last night by the
lirand Chief of Honor Mrs. Viola S. Nor
nian and members of the order from Los
Angeles and from Pasadena.
Th<? foundation for new lodges has been
laid in Folsom, Modesto and Waterford.
The Native Daughters.
Grand Secretary Mrs. Ryan has re
ceived from Mrs. Edyth Weatherred,
grand secretary of the Native Daugh
ters of Oregon, a letter acknowledging
congratulations Bent by Mrs. Ryan on re
coir t of the news of the organization of
a gn;nd parlor in that State. The writer
says that it will be the aim of the new
organization to reach the name degree of
perfection that has been attained by the
California organization, and adds: "Let
us ac Daughters of Oregon and California
join hands across the boundary line and
be united for the best good of our native
lund. May the tie of sympathy and good
fellowship bind us one with the other and
may the influences emanating from these
two organizations he as peaceful. resin-
Ing and beautiful as the summer sunsei
of our Golden W- si "
Buena Vista Parlor is arranging for an
entertainment in the near future.
A new parlor is soon to be organized in
Glltoy.
The Choppers' Friendship Club.
The Choppers' Friendship Club of the
W< oilmen of the World is doing remark
ably well of late and is gradually adding
to Its membership. At its next meeting
en the I3th inst. the club will be treati I
to a talk by one of its members on Han
Francisco and how It has grown in the
past forty-five years. It is expected thai
this will Interest a great many of the
members who w.-re not here in the early
<ia;. s.
Friends of the Forest.
Monday. September 18, the members of
Lincoln Lodge. Friends of the Forest, d
voted the entire evening to social enjoy
ment, In its hall in tho Odd Fellows'
building. There was present a very laige
proportion of the membership and a great
many of the friends of members who ■
■'i a good pi gramme of dances ar
ranged by the committee on social hour
sting of Miss M. Hoffman, Mrs.
Root, Mrs. McClunie, Mrs. Richmond
Mr. Dalzell and Mr. Getz. Between
dances there was given a recitation b 1
Mr. Dalzell, vocal solo by Mr. Co'tz and
humorous sayings by the modest mem
ber of the lodge. Last Monday there wa
work in the initi sree and arrange
ments were made for a social.
Tuesday night of last week Pioneer
Lodge bad a good meeting— that Is,
there was a large attendance at the
meeting, during which were
received several applications for mem
bership. After the business of the
li g one of the members enter
! the others by giving them a
reading oi I of their hands. Last
Tuesday this lodge gave an evening tit
h"inr\ There was an interesting pro
gramme oi song, music and dancing, after
which coffee was served. The lodge that
night received six applications.
Woman's Relief Corps.
Last Tuesday night General George G.
■ ■ Corps had a pleasant progressive
euchre party In the Alcazar building, a
large' number of ladies and gentlemen in
dulging In the attractive game. The af
fair waa uncW the direction .of Mesd im<
Henry Colen. Mr-. Chapman and Mr*.
Grundig. After the game there waa dan
clng until midnight.
Jamea A. Garfleld Corps No, 21,
Rellel Corps, has under the direction of
Mrs Esther C. Dunn, chief of the com
mittee on entertainment, made arrange
ments for a Bocial dance to be given on
tin nlgrht of Tuesday next, the 3d inst.,
in .Social Hall of the Alcazar building.
Tri»Tt- win be a first class: programme of
music, and In addition the drill corps «.f
Seven Pines Circle will give an exhibi
tion drill, which in ityclf is an extraor
dinary attraction.
Foresters of America.
A new court of the Foresters of Amer
ica Ims been Instituted at Sommersville
in Contra Costa County by Grand Senior
Woodward John Heenan, with thirty-five
charter members.
On the night of th»> 21st ■ f September
about sixty members of Coun Si.i:.>
Heights assembled in the courtroom to
welcome back Into the ranks of civil life
Sergeant Ben Clancy, who served with
the First California' in the Philippines
The Boldler, who thai day had been mus
tered out, was given a most hearty wel
come, and the court through one of its
members presented him a magnificent em
blematic charm in appreciation of th«?
tact that h< was on« of the ttrdt to vol
unteer his services in response to the <mll
of the President for volunteers. The pre
sentation speech was an eloquent and
patriotic cue. which was loudly applauded
The recipient made a neal reply, after
which there was an adjournment to a
cafe in the neighborhood, where there wns
Berved a novel banquet. Each person who
was seated «t the f'-stal board was di
rected to order whatever he wanted from
the bill of fare.
Lnst Wednesday night Court Junior
Pride of California hold an enthusiastic
met tliiß in honor of the return to It of
Milton A. Nathan, who was a corporal In
Company P. Flr*t California, and William
Veil, who was also a volunteer In that
rfpriment. There were present a number
of visitors from adult courts, who made
Interesting addresses. After the business
WHAT
DO YOU KNOW ABOUT
OIL?
There nre two kinds cf Investors In
speculative enterprises. One who In-
vestigates, nek? where are your lands?
How m<i'-h money have you on hand?
How much work has actually been
done? By what title da yon bold your
lands, show yuur deed?, leases and con-
tracts?
THE OTHER
Just buys, accepting whatever Is said
to him by the seller as truth.
Which Makes the Best Investments ?
\\> ask you to Investigate us, our
books are open to Inspection, our deeds
and contracts can be eeen.
Send for our Illustrated pnuvenlr giv-
ing a history of the oil Industry.
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
ROOMS 322-323 rAKROTT BUITjDIXG
BAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND OFFICE. ...460 TENTH ST.
RADWAYS'S EKADI EEUEF h as atood
unrivaled before the publio for 60 years a* a
Pain Remedy. It Inßtantly relieves and quickly
cures all Coldis. Sore Throats, Influenza Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Palus. All druggists.
of the meeting there was served up ice
cream and cakes, and then there was an
impromptu programme under the direc
tion of Louis Michaels, Joseph Licht. Da
vid Monach, Max Israel, Harry Graff and
A. Weiner. During the evening Corporal
Nathan, who will shortly become a mem
ber of Court Sutro Heights, one of the I
adult courts, presented to the court a
gavel made of Comagong wood, which
grows only on the island of Negros, in
the Philippines, and taken from an altar
in the Convent of La Carlota, the first
building from which the American flag !
nopted. The gift was accepted by the I
chief ranger in an appropriate speech.
Junior Court Pride of the Pacific will at
Its meeting in the Alcazar building next
Tuesday have a number of candidates to
initiate. This is the court that was in
stituted two weeks ago.
A similarity in sound of name resulted
In credit being given to the wrong Indi- '
vidual for having carried out to a sue-.
eessful issue the entertainment recently
given by Court Bay City. It was J. Kail
man, and not J. Caiman, who presided on
that occasion.
O. J. pay, recording secretary of the
new junior court instituted a few days !
since, left last Sunday for the island "of
Luzon, where he will remain for some :
time.
At the entertainment given last Monday
night in Shiels building by Junior Court
T , ride J of Golden W^st the programme in
cluded the following numbers: Miss Tessie
Ro-tnoltz, song and dunce; Nathan Parr,
comic songs; Miss Sybil Harris, coon se- :
lections and enkewalk, accompanied by
Miss Levey; Monroe Schwa lbe. Dutch
comedian; Ernest Simpson and William
Hogan, specialties; Tessie Greenfield,
songs and fancy dancing: Otto Wanek, |
the young conjurer; Marie Escheveria.
piano selections; Ashton Boardman and
May Parker, prize cakewalkers; Gertie
Rdtholtz. fancy dancing; Fred Roskamp, !
recitation; Harry Coleman, barytone solo;
Myers and Furst, dialect comedians; Mr.
Pohl. baton juggling. Then followed
dancing, to the music furnished by the i
Lincoln School brass band of forty-two ■
pieces. The affair was under the direc
tion of S. B. Levy. 11. Blodes. Felix Gross,
J. Marks and George .1. Stockwitz. A
feature of the evening was the singing
and dancing of Miss Tessie Rotholtz.
On the evening of the 23d of last month
a large number of the members of Court
Bonita and of Bonita Circle, together with
a number of the personal friends of John
T. Blckford, late of Company F, First
California Volunteers, who do not belong
to the order, assembled In Manpels H.ill
for the purpose of greeting the returned
volunteer. There was an address by Ira
W. Coburn. past grand chief companion
of the Foresters of America, and a re
sponse by the guest of the evening, after
which there was dancing and a supper.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Npnr.nn. 1017-1023 Mission.
AMUSEMENTS.
| Week Commencing SUXDAY MATINEE,
October .'.
New Faces!-lO
I ■
Hawaiian Queens.
ORISKA WOBDEN, A DELE ARCHER, VIRA
RIAL,
! In gorgeous lyric novelty, "THE QUEEN'S
FAN."
Forest and King,
GROTESQUE COMEDIANS.
Return for one week only.
Felix Morris & Co.
IN REPERTOIRE.
JENNIE YEAMANS,
SINGING COMEDIENNE.
FRANK CUSHMAN,
ALWAYS PROGRESSIVE.
SEYMOUR AND DUPREE,
Jumping, dancing and singing duo.
TERRY and LAMBERT
MAKING A BIG HIT.
STINSON AND MERTON,
With entirely new songs.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), October 1.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony. 10c; children,
10c, any part.
A fey/ orchestra front rows reserved, 50c.
BABIES! BABIES! BABIES!
American babies, German babies, Italian
babies, Japanese babies, Chinese babies, Afro-
Anifrican babies. French babies, Scotch
! babies. Filipino babies, American-Irish, Irish-
I American and Irish-Irish babies and Aborigi-
nal babies. These will all be seen at the
great, bouncing, wonderful and International
BABY SHOW at the
MECHANICS' FAIR,
THE PAVILION.
MONDAY AFTERNOON, October 2, 3599.
There will be between two and three hun-
dred babies on hand for this occasion— ls spe-
cial prizes given. A genuine miniature ethno-
logical congress. Examinations by noted
scientists. Among the participants nre four
babies from the Yo-kl-a tribe of Indians, four
Filipino babies— only 3 weeks old born In
I this city; two Chinese sets of twins, some of
the cutest American babies ever seen. The
older babies will dance and sing on the main
stage In the hall.
Do not miss the INTERNATIONAL BABY
SHOW.
Monday night— Great YO-KI-A INDIAN
WAR DANCE and dance of the green corn.
Among the dancers will be Captain Bill, Jeff
Dick, Captain Charlie, Jeese John, Carlot
and others of the tribe. The first time In a
I number of years and perhaps the last time
I that a genuine Indian dance will lie given
In the city of San Francisco— a rare oppor-
tunity that should he embraced by every one.
Entertainment given on main floor and stage
without extra charge of admission.
Last week, last 6 days of the Mechanics'
Fair, with Its close ends the exhibition of the
Filipinos In the Village and the Filipino Cir-
cus, Indian Village and the 101 Instructive and
■ remarkable exhibits and demonstrations that j
should be seen to be appreciated. There Is
no doubt that this is the best general exhibit
of this nature- ever given In San Francisco In
10 years past and It Is undoubtedly worthy of '
the inspection of every intelligent man. woman \
and child In the State of California. And after :
It has been and is a memory those who have
failed to visit the Mechanics' Fair in 1539 will
regret the omission. Specialties on the main
stage and other features each night.
Tuesday night— United Turners' Association.
Tuesday afternoon — Ladles receive free sou-
venir' purchasing ticket at the box office.
Wednesday evening— Grocers" Alliance, Com-
mercial Travelers, also Woodmen of the World.
Thursday night— Fellows' night.
ADMISSION TO FAIR 25c.
EXTRA ANNOUNCEMENT.
| MONDAY NIGHT Is UNIVERSITY OF CAL-
! IFORNIA NIGHT. The student body will be
present on that occasion.
All of the FILIPINO CURIOSITIES, FINE
LACE WORK. LINEN GOODS, will be sold
very reasonably the present last week of the
Fair.
One of the features of the Fair for the com-
I Ins week will be a Dractical exhibition of vot-
ing for city officials on Clifford's- new voting
machines. Names of candidates should be pre-
I sented to Superintendent at once.
OL YMF I A cSEKfe*
The Only Free Vaudeville Show In the City.
MAURICE MONTAGUE,
America's Greatest Barytone.
....RUTH~NELTA....
Is Making the Hit of the Season.
dv Ibell,
The Human Flying Machine.
Z.OA MATTHEWS, the Rag-time Girl, and a
Host of Other First-class Attractions.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
. AMATEUR NIGHT; EVERT FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
4-4-f4-4-H- 4- 4- 4-4- 4- 4- 4- 4- ♦ 4- +4-M-4 44-M-44-+4-+ 4- 4 ♦ 4 4- ♦ 4- 4 4 4- ++++4-+4 4-
-4 PETTICOAT A I
 WONDERS.... *+i
4- ■ ■ __ ♦
4- ■■ , +
200 LADIES' PETTICOATS, made of fine cotton moreen, in all new and popu!a ~t
a. shades, deep flounce, with two ruffles on bottom 0/ nn i
♦ price, each VI'UU
+
♦ 200 LADIES' PETTICOATS, made of a fine luster, cloth looks just like 0/ O/T "t
La. s Ik, deep flounce and ruffled bottom, all new shades price O/'^O ~t
T 200 LADIES' PETTICOATS, made of fine Mercerized sateen, extra w ; de deep +
1 T flounce, with two deep ruffles on bottom, all new shades <Sf) nn "♦"
•f price, each V^-UU >
4-
14- 200 LADIES' PETTICOATS, made of fine wool, wool moreen, deep rtQ nn '>
*" flounce with corded ruffled bottom, all new shade's price, each VO>UU 4-
£ LADIES' PETTICOATS, something new, Quaker silk, guaranteed not to cut, will +
4. outwear anything in the skirt line made, all new «jr nn . &in nn -a.
+ colorings and styles pries, each vO.UUtO.OIU.UU +
4. "* • -$.
+ CORSETS MADE TO ORDtR $6.00 to $10.00 Pair J
+ >
> THE CRESCENT CORSET CO., Successors to a
I FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE, I
X 742-744 MARKET STREET. t
4- •♦•
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. —^ST"
fife Commencing TO-NIGHT and All Nsrt Week. ((^^
Y^Clr THE VENIAL., YOVIAL, YOLLY £/'\js}rf
Ji Commencing TO-NIGHT and All Next Week. {(£&§&
y - — THE VENIAL, YOVIAL. YOI.LY— \ *$£>/
■^jy Q\ siSAJt J And His Own Powerful Company, in the Sue- ***fA'V-' : •''{ .jtf v ;
?V M {^i ' ccssful Character Comedy-Drama, f^W^J^^f/W/
wmk. a YENUINE yentLeman j flfff'
<Ms ?i(iW% By arrangement with Jacob Litt, manage- if/} lf\\\\lll II
/IB f&mmmJ me " 1 of arthur c. aiston, with nil the I', ill !| ! i! I l\
I'l IfffflL^TOlTr original scenery from the Broadway Theater, I A '■ H\\\ ! (8 1
/ Hi WSPSSffII I New York, nnd mechanical and electrical ef- ; M II JhWH 'Kl\
' / iira^ - : ''iSl "■•■'- from ths Grand Opera-Hou New York. ' / M 'pl\'l . all
/ /# Bei'"i±?* 8 Introducing the quarter deck of a North IM ti i fu\\U Ml
Iff 'fc^J I German-LJoyd steamer, with panoramic view |Ka I ' Hfc' \ivlSn\
ftrs sS^ljf EttiMTii I. (if New York liar!*r nnd Bartholdi statue; £»''' iHb'l* ! i)
P^ feiltfl 111 the great explosion at the Golden Rock mine, "^||! IP*'! 111 £ >
pKf i ~jlf II Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, etc.. etc. M•' IJIH "^
$3} '4 >M ARTISTS— ORIGINAL, SPECIAI,- »i I jVi
tim/ "'' £31 TIES. NEW IDEAS. NEW SONGS. NEW If,] ' Wl
#Vr *^ii DANCES. EVERYTHING NEW. J^^ fit' I *
POPULAR PRlCES— Evening, 75c, COc and 25c. ' ' •S»£^ s ' V*~|>
Matinees Saturday and Sunday— and 25c. -.'" . ft^
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE,
I Mrs. Ernestine Kreiii.'g, Proprietor and Mgr.
f last time OTHELLO I2JSSJ
..NEXT WEEK..
GRAND OPERA AND COMIC
. OPERA BILL.
REVIVAL OF GREAT SUCCESSES.
AIDA
TUESDAY NIGHT.
Cava!ieriaiPag!iacci
WEDNESDAY EVENING.
CARMEN
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS.
Avedano. Salap?a, Wanrell. Schuster, Lichter,
I.inck, Beckwith, etc., in the Casts.
SPECTACULAR PRODUCTION OF
..THE MIKADO..
MONDAY, THURSDAY, SUNDAY NIGHTS,
and SATURDAY MATINEE.
First Appearance of the Famous Comedian,
ALF C. WHhELAN ("Hoot Mon").
Cast of "Mikado" includes Ada Walker,
Julie Cotte Ynez Dean. Ethel Jewett, William
Schurter, Harry Richards, etc., and Tom
Greene.
Popular Prices- -25 and 50 Cents
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS. BUSH 9.
COLUMBIA -kwss
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCE.
MODJESKA.
Assisted by MR. JOHN E. KELLERD.
And a Company of Players. Under the Direc-
tion of MR. JOHN C. FISHER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK!
Beginning T-MORROW, Monday Evening,
and Saturday Matinee,
"MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING."
Tuesday, Thursday and Friday Evenings,
"/V\rtßY fiTUfIRT."
Wednesday and Saturday Evenings,
ACBE T H."
ARTISTIC SCENIC PRODUCTIONS.
October "HOTEL TOPSY TURVY."
• Special Rates for Theater-Ooers.
■ ; ■
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
Last Night of Offenbach's Greatest Comic
Opera,
"THE DRUM-MAJOR'S DAUGHTER."
Last Night of the Glorious Finale to the Second
Act.
Last Night of the Beautiful White and Silver
March of Beautiful Girls.
TO-MORROW EVENING,
Perfect and Surpassing Revival of Planquette's
Delightful Legendary Comic Opera,
RIP VAN WINKLE.
Usual Popular Prices— loc, 13c. 25?. 35c and 50c.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
ALCAZAR 35™
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
X TO-NIGHT, ' FAREWELL TO
THE IDLER.
TO-MORROW. MONDAY NIGHT— AND THEN i
YOU LAUGH.
ROLAND REED'S
Roaring Farce Comedy,
Innocent as a Lamb!
Fun From Rise to Fall of Curtain.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1. 1593. at 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, oc.
BATHING, INCLUDING ADMISSION. 25c;
CHILDREN, 20c.
On and after SUNDAY, October 1, 1599, the
Sutro Baths CLOSE at 6 p. m.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY. SUNDAY. OCTOBER 1, 1891
Sapling I Open
STAKES !
104— GREYHOUNDS—104
$1120— PRIZE MONEY !— sll2o
BAND OF MUSIC IN ATTENDANCE.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 11 a. m",
12 m. and 1 p. m.. Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets five minutes later, returning immedi-
ately after last course. Extra train from Park
lat 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric cars every ten
\ minutes. • "
ADMISSION, 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
WALTER L MAIN'S
3-Ring
Circus.
MENAGERIE!
RACING CARNIVAL!
ROUGH RIDERS!
TO-DAY AT 2. TO-NIGHT AT 8.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM.
ALSO SUNDAY.
PRICES:
General admission .....,,..< BOG
Children 250
I Reserved seats .. • 750
j Chairs in grand stand fI.OO
Seats in Vienna boxes $1.50
SALE NOW ON AT WILL & FINCJC'S
CHDTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
! ADGIEi^LS^rtLIONS
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW. AND
HARMON AND SEABURY,
The World's Champion
High Divers.
SOUVENIRS FOIFTHE CHILDREN
... TO-DAY.,.
Phone for Seats, Park' 23. .•
I Bee the 13 GIANT GALAPAGOS, ALL. ALIVE!
| RACING! RACING! RACING!
i 1899-OALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
I Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23, 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
! Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day. ■"> ■-
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
1 Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
[ 12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 1:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
AH trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains vis Ala-
mod a Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning — leave the track at 4:15 an-1
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
BAY EXCURSION NEXT SUNDAY.
To Mare Island, Benlcia, Martinez, Vallejo,
stopping; two hour*. Steamer San Rafael leaves
Sausallto Ferry 10:30 a. m., Sunday, October
Sth. Tickets. SO cents. For sale at Dlxon, The
] Hatter, 7C7 Market street.
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CAM..
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca!l, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 O'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
earner Clay; open until - L :SO o'clock.
?oa Haves street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
fi?.9 McAllister street; open until 9:SO o'clock. ,
618 Lnrkln ntreet: open until S:3O o'clock. :
1 41 Mlsclon street': open until 10 o'clock.
2ZM Market etreet. corner Sixteeat.is; open
mill S o'clock.
1M Eleventh street: op»n until 9 o'clock.
:C?6 Valencia street: open until ? o'clock.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.-
CHURCH SERVICES."'
GRACE m" E. Church. Twehfy-firat and Capp-
MB.-J. N. Beard, D. D.. pastor. Preaching
at 11 a. ... ... the pastor. Subject "Prob-
;.ms of Preacher a;:d i.-op!.- Individuality
: <■ Individualism?" Sunday school at l-.40 I
i. tp. Epworth Lea<r«i- at 6:30 p. m: 1 reach-
ing at 7:::0 p. ra. Subject. "An Historic, but
• Unfortunate Calf." '■
BT.I PAUL' S [Church, California fit., near Fill
"more-Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly. rector; Rev.
I c Wilson assistant! Holy communion.
-30 a to Sunday school. 9:45. a. m. Lltr
rnny.'sorvlce. sermon by the rector and holy
"•omrt«nl«n 11 a. m. Monthly Ohbpal Ser- •
V:vice- 7:30 p.m. Bi Paul vester <JU«rt«t .
. " nn<\ 'chr.rup <hoir. Organist.- a._ A Rankln. _.
CAX.YARY .-.Presbyterian Church,;* icorner liPow.I iPow. j
. ell end' Geary Bt*.— Rev..- John Heatphill.^P. .
• : ■■:'•: castor Services at 11 a.'-.m. nd • ■?■> ;
■■.•,,'■■■ m Topic. ..vehing. ■ "The Possibilities uf!
I'ai.th.". The Sacrnment of the T-ord s ° n l ;
'■'ner'wlll' be"' observed at the i l«j«-e of the ,
, , ming service Music lnB .7 A , n . t ,,, em ' |
•••■•r Heard the. Voice or Jesus Saj . WlllMm .
•"•Reed: "•offertory. "Love Not the ' .V oriel, j
VSulilvan.V solos and quartet. Music, even.ng •
•■-■--Anthem. -Thou Will Keep Him. M- *?; I
\S Foster;^offertory, Vl/ead. Kindly Light ;
• H. -ft. ShMley." snprano solo and Hrtet. All I
■ -!are "rr.tnie welconje.
prß«T".'CongreKational Church., corner Post •
. and Mason B treotB-Rev, Gt-^e- ...Adams ,
• D I' p.---:or. Itov: E. II Lib.l o* Illinois,
••will pn-ach- morning and eyenlrfK. 11 :»-_n> :
•thdme, "Tlie Coming ut the Kingdom. ■ : *'l
p. m. theme. "John i;i:l»." All-are cordiallj i
invited.— - j
THE First Unitarian Church, SW. comer ]
■ Geary.-and Franklin Bt».— Rev. Dr. • .«rebbin». .
"minister emeritus; Rev. N, J. B. nultz. ;
' mi-erlntpndent of Sunday school. Ihe Bun-
rtny sc-liool Is at 10 o'clock. The m.;rnlng srr - |
:-vice I* ut 11 o'clock. Processor Thomas R. |
F.anon will occupy t!,« pulpit. All are cor- ■
dlally -Invited. There In r.o livening >rvlce. ;
KIRSTi Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness ;
; av«v nr.i Sacrajnenio st Rec. Robert Ma.--,
■keniie D D. minister, will conduct service j
•:it H a. in. and 7:3') p. m. Evening subject, ;
•'Moth°r Eve." Sunday -'■'. ■ at 12:48 p. ra. j
Y. P.'s. C . E. at €:15 p. m. All an welcome, .
BKVENTH-DAY Adventist Church. 914-91G j
I,a*.-.:nn St.. bet* McAllister'- st. and Gold-
«n Gate aye.— Elder J. O Corliss, pastor.
Scrvlces-rSabbath (Saturday'), Sabbath-school i
nt P:45 a. in., preaching »t 11 o'clock. A
■ verlrs of discourses every Sunday evening nt j
■7;SO o'clock: ,■:!.'. ,-• to-night. "The Signs of |
•'the ■"Lord's •Coining." -Wednesday evening, 1
■'prayer meeting.'. Seats free ' All welcome to j
the?e services. . . ■
FIRST Church <>( Christ. Scientist, Central]
Mock. 223 Butter street, between Kearny and j
Grant avenue— Christian Science BU>le les- i
son at .11 a. m. Subje.-t. "Are. Sin. Disease |
■■tind Death Real?" Sunday school for chil- I
■ dren at the same hour. Wednesday evening I
meeting nt S o'clock. All are welcome. |
'WEST Side Christian Church. Bush -' near,
Devls'adero— Preaching H a. m. and 7:45 p. m. :
by Professor S. m Jefferson, dean of Berk* ■
■ lev Bible Seminary. Sunday' fihool. at 10 |
a." m. V P. S. C. E. at t 4.". p. _m. !
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320"
j. Cst '■■-■ ai bins. 11 a. m • by F. M. I
Sheeny. Sacrament meeting. 12:1.'.. . Preach- !
' i-ig : 4.1 p in This church was organized. l
in IS3O by conimaivl of < loil to proclaim the :
.eternal gospel as a "sign" of the -.coming .
i.f .lesiiß Thrift to judge the world and re-
•ward. all Recording to their works.
AT the Strangers' Sabbath me, Howard-
fitre.n Methodist Church, near Third, John
■\ V Wilson D.D... pantor— ll a. m., com-
munion with God: offertory *t>K !'Crosslng
The Har." by Dr. Noble. 7:-" p. . m., "The
Prayer of lndiflVreiv-e" ; anthem, orchestral
accompaniment: soprano sol by Mr«. Addle \
S. McClunie. ■ Sunday school. 12 30 Young
People's rally, «:20. V _!
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
Bts.— Thll< afternoon at ?• o'ciack a secmd
ser i<. s of. addresses to men only will be com-
menced by Rev. Mao 11. Wallace. Subject
to-day. "The Young Man and His Bible." ;
' S^jits free au>l all young men Invited. Open- j
Ing of the night school for men . to-morrow !
evenii!:,-. A«!viress by Irving M. Scott. Free "|
to all men. • • ;'j
Til First Divine Science Church. M. E. |
Cramer, pastor— Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
jact, "ir i hit- Work Be or God. It Shall
Stand." Services every Sunday In Yosemlte !
Hnll. Native Sons" building. Mason s-t.. be-
tween Geai-y and Post. Take elevator.
THE T'lieoHophical Society— Public lecture to-
ni*ht in odd lows' - building, Seventh ami
Mnrket sis '"-The Use. of Evil." Mrs. Alice
Best; liuiulrers'. classes. Tuesdays, % p. m.;.'
Thursdays. '.': " p. m. Lotus Circle, Sundays,
'1 a. ■■■
=
MKKTIVGS — SUNDAY. :
ATTENTION— If you want to know how slate-
wrltins; li« done, ulso matprlillzatlOD, ethe-
rlatlzarion and phenomenal rests, as given
by EVANS. -E. K. EARL; MILLER. FRAN-
CIS and otheis, Fend ">'h' f.)r book fully ex-
posing ?ame---pi,ysi( a! Phenomena of Mod-
ern Spiritualism"— inside facts: $".(XJ offered
to any of the above named for a genuine
manifestation of spirit power, eriianatlng
from spirits nf the dead; address or < all at
M 4 Van Ness aye.: books sent postpaid;
Francis mentioned above is indorsed by State
Spiritualist Association, and E. K. .Karl l.« ,
a drawing card for the N.- S. A., at Chicago. |
li. <.. GARRISON an.l V<o others. :
FREE lecture this evening" at i o'clock on
. Habits, Their Growth and Effects," by Dr. j
.1.-.'l>epew Kergan ■>{ Drs. K. &' : X 'a. Electric ,
Sanitarium; at '"rystal Hall. Pythian Castle.
•jf'9 Market hi., followed by magnificent view
of Dewe: and Manila. Tho«e attending this
lecture may procure free tickets To the won-
der/ul X Ray exhibition vii Tues. even. next.
gOf'IETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Oi-cl-
• dental Hall. cor. Larkln and McAllister Bts..
Sunday, October 1. tit 7:80 p. m. : speaker.
Mrs. R. S. Lillle; subject. "The Ideal Life. '
X— PROF GteE. test medium: many wonderful
convincing tests; full names; 2 and s p. in.;
■'A. O. F. bldg.. 102*O"FkrrelI, near Alcazar
Theater: ,10c; Prof.~Khntfl. master music.
AT DR RINES' Spiritual Society. 909 Market,
11-2 free: 8. JOo: Mrs. See-ley. Vigors, Uilllng-
ham; all tests; Wednesday, October 4. 8 p. hi.,
benefit. 10c; 23." McAllister St.
MRS. BELL will resume free talks on astrolo-
gical- and philosophical llneß ' Wednesday, S
p. m., 1412 Mission street. Subject,: "What '
of the Hour'" . . .
BOUL culture meetings; Bun., .7:30; Wed.. 2;
Tliurs x p. m.; free; class in' psycliornetry,
Tues. S. Wed. 2 p. in. , 2:0 H. H. BRQWN, 521
Turk st. , , . -
JOHN SLATER will hold a grand test seance
to-night, hall, 90S Market, at 8:15 sharp; mes-
sages and questions answered; admission 10c.
DR. CYRUS R. TEED (Korean) will speak
this evening at 102 O'Karrell £t.. 8 p. m.;
also Wednesday evening; admission free.
CONVINCING tr-stf -at Eberhardt's Hall to-
nljflit; 10.-. :!2'C' Twenty-second st., bet wren
Mission and Valencia:
OAKLAND Hall. 7:3o— Katie Heuss-
man, (he distinguished medium and inspira-
tional speaker; 100.
MRS HARLAND'S circle to-night; prophetic
te?t.-<: articles r»uJ; 10c; business readings. }1.
34 Sixth st
MRS <:. J. MEYER, spiritual test meeting to-
night. 8: S2S McAllister; skeptics Invited; 10c.
KATK HF.rsSMANN'S sittings dally. Jl. cym-
. bal circles Friday we., 25c C4l Jessie, off 7th.
A TEST meeting. Sun . ! and S p. m., 10c. 14S
<". b. nns. 1-2: R. A. Ptltt. Vlgars,- Hargrave.
JL.ARKIN, 117. "- p. ii:.: church divine spiritual
truth tests; Mi Wrenn. others; collection.
AT 117 Larkln— Wed.', 8 p. in.: UmM, X Brlggs,
Robinson. Catit. H.- H. Brown, others; toe
KI'WARD F.ARLKS • •'■ P! to-ntcht, . 830 Kills
st.. L.c: Scottish-: Hall nex: Sundar.v
C. V. mii.i.'-i: n:nt<" r iH!iz!t!s seance, & p. m. ;
."(ic: 4i»y J .'--, i nwortli st.
MRS. MENA FRANCIS. Independent slate
wilting medium. 118 Haight «t. ■
MI.HTIM.S-- 1 niv«-ri«:il llrothcrbood.
THKOSOPHICAL Society America, Sl9 Mar-
ket St.— l^ot'.i." t"o-u!K!it, "Do We Believe In
Denth?" IV Dr. .1, A. 'Anderson: luierna-
tlona Brotherhood f^eagutj Tuesday .nislit;
si-ii.ie.-t. /-Uoyiil PiiTple." ■■ . ' .
.MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDISn <;.-ite J.o t ) ge No. SO, I-, and A. ' gT~
M. — OfOcers and member* are requested _^% _
i. nicet .■ tin" Temple THIS 'S''N-tC2{
DAY) AFTERNOON nt 1:80 o'clock to /^T>
' conduct the funeral of BROTHER RICHARD
LAMBERT of OIHj- Loilge No. :c. Washing-
ton, D. c QEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
TNITV Ijodge No. IS!, I. O. O r., w-s«-ft»."
Rixterrth nr:'! Yal<-n<la. 1 :11 a -
Uon.TUI£SDAY EVENING, Octo- "?^jP?ss^
WILL .T. FRENCH. N. O.
R. L. SIMPSON, Rec. Bee.
THE annual meeting of the Ladles' Endeavor
Poclety will be held. TO-MORROW (Monday)
EVENING, at 8 p.- m., in th" vestry rooms
of the Geary Street Temple, at which time-
the election of officers and reading of reports
will take place. • M. S. LEVY.
Per a: .1. Levy,
lili Post street.
j MEETING NOTICES. j
1 Tire California Debris Commission, having re- !
I ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic !
' process from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill I
mins. near Spanish Ranch. Plumas County, I
I to d«po£lt tailings In Spanish Creek ai-.l
I Woods Ravine, and from .John O. Smfth ct
! a!?.. In the Smiths Blue Grave! mine, near
Ono, Shasta County, to deposit tailings In a !
I ravine below the mine, gives eoiice that *■ '
I meeting will be held at room 69. Flood build- !
i Ing, San Francisco, Cal., on October 9, IBS 9. |
I ct 1-80 p. m. ' - ;
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.. j
LAW and Lou Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000: '
prosecute or defend lawsuits In ali courts on j
contingent fees; employ able counsel; loan .
money on any kind of security. Advice free. .
by mall or at office, 214 Pine st.. room 64. j
' ADVICE free: K. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron- '
trie bldg.; no advance charges; all eases; es- ;
t.Rtes. mortgages, damage?, collectl^is. bank- '
ruptcy; wills, etc.. drawn; moderate fees; ■
\ call or -write. : ■ |
ADVICE free; divorce law a ipecialty; private: I
no fee without success; collections. G. W. ;
HOWE, atty at law. S'-O Market, 'cor. Rtocktn-. :
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason; !
consults free: moderate fees. . i
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law, Crocker j
j .bldg.: t»l. Blnok 71: practices .In all court*. |
L. B. CLARK. ' Emma Spreckels building. 527 J
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance. I
' 3. "7 PARKER. 918 -Market St.. room CT: advice I
free; charge low: business pushed.
NAGLE A NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma !
Spreckf-ls building.' 9JT Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
; W. DAVIDSON. 9H Market- St.. opp. Mason.
— ■■■ — — — — — -»■ ■■ i — — ~~ <
HATH CABINETS thi:i:mai..
THE Robinson 4-panei bath cabinet, foldirig
like n scree:.; on? panel opening ns a door; I
call Rnd fee It; descriptive booklet free. W. j
r-V RROWN. general nccnt: 4:6 Ellis st. j
BICYCLES — For Sole or. Exchange. I
: RAMBLER tar.dfin. $30; perfect order. 417
Post ft. ■ '
- ■.: Bl< VCLE REPAIRS-
THOB. H. B. VARNEY. Market 'and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY. |
no Mill AND ROOMS.
A SEW private' family hotel; first class in de- j
c tail: - ■:•■. Eastern management: new and |
; arlia'ic decorations and furnishing through-
I out; rooms .may be selected after October 1. '
; The old Stevenson, mansion (opposite Grace
j Church), with mine.x. 801 California st. '
i MARKET. ' ■'■> < Hotel Robinson)— Under new |
: and excellent management; Mrs. M. C. Rob- j
' ipson, formerly Oakland" prop.: sunny suites \
! very desirable for .families; first-class, table: :
i <iuick pervlce: reasonable rates; family suites j
I ' a specialty; American and European plan. j
I ELLIS, <■■"' Well-furnished front rooms, with
| good board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
i GEARY, 93S— Nicely furnished rms.. suite or
' single, with board; hot and cold water.
MARKET, ISM (Las Palrnas*— Suite of 2 or 3
; rms. ; private; bath: sin.- rms. ; board optional, j
j NATOMA} 253; nenr "Fourth— Board and room; j
suitable for gentleman. • ;
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms; !
good home cooking; special rates to gents. |
j POST, 726— For ' 1 or 2; use of piano; parlor
and telephone; good beard: reasonable,
! POWELL, 399 (The Waldorf)— suites
{ and single, with or -without board.
YOUNG man In private family desires a room- |
mate; terms reasonable with board. 739 Te- :
hs'ma st., near Ninth.
• UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant, makes advances at I
I lowest rHtes on \ alua of all descriptions.
JBOARD AM) ROOMS WANTED.
WANTICD— By young man. first-class room and
board I;- reilne.l private Jewish family. Box ,
- "-■ Call office. . I
I ROOMS and board wanted for 2 near city or |
| Oakland: state ternis. ASM I 'Si 'HI ). BS7 > 'a; p. j
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN'S home: mother's, care; J". nth- j
ly. Address H.. Fruit vale P. O.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
! SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. !
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission «t.. near Third. I
I mmm —^ — — ' *^ " ~*— —?~^
i BOOTS AM) SHOES.
I CHLDS. t-hQes. 50c: yths. lace shot -. 85c: lad. i
L ties; 75c: lad. shoes, $1 ; men's working shoes, l
f ■ $i "'': men's dress shoes. $1 :::.; mall orders so. ]
lititfd. People's Shoe Store. ISPS Stockton. ;
BUSINESS CHANCES. !
: . I
- CIGAR store, laundry fiffice; bargain this day;
| sickness. COWING & CO., 995 Market st,
A— FURNITURE' store'; centrally located; at a
bargain. COWING- CO.-. 995- Market st.
RESTAURANT on Market' si . cause of sale |
I leaving city. COWING & CO., 99.". Market st. I
a RESTAURANT and oyster house; centrally j
located: Cine business; bargain.. COWING & j
CO.. 99.". Market st. . • ' ;
A-$300"l; RESTAURANT; north Market: best !
i . in city; bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market. >
$Soo— RESTAURANT : doing v business- average ■
t'Mf daily; .l-'.-itli cause of sale: rare chance. |
• Mclaughlin & co., -777 1 *. Market st.
A THE manufacturers >■: The Star Hair Rem- I
c-dy call attention to the ract that on account ■
o/ the: greatly Increased demand for their hair j
remedies their stork of. bottles has been ex-
blips' ted; they hope in the near future to be j
. able to supply all: demands and till back 1
I order* At druggists, hairdressers or The Star !
j Remedy Co.. 656 Geary st.. S. F. 'I
I A SAUSALJTO BUY— ' '
Best location; a*. hotel and restaurant, finely ;
. equipped und paying well; arbors. garden,
i vJKter bed, etc.; large .'lot with boat landing, '
etc.;- owner must sell on account of sickness;
price WOOO. McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgom-
ery St.. S. F.
LAW & LOAN CO.. Capital $100,000: will,
Invest your money on approved and guaran- i
| teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
j net interest; will prosecute or defend lawsuits
In all courts on contingent fees; employ able
. counsel; advice free. 214 line st., room C 4. j
j CAPITALIST with $">IXK' to take Interest in a
new patent process for propelling boat or
vessel giving 25 per cent more speed on same •
! horse power than [ any appliance yet In- !
vented; none but principals need apply. Cull i
of ad. W. S. MILLER, 610 Mn'tgy., r. 45. j
1 BARBERB-r-Here's what you want, an ele- j
] cant and Brst-claas paying barbershop the
greatest bargin In San' Francisco; grand lo- '•
i cation; 3 living rooms; rent only %':": busl- I
| ness calls owner to Oregon. .M. A. BROOKS,
• IS Golden Gate aye.
WAX'ITI) To Invest necessary capital and ,
I gtve experienced service in established cloth- '
ing or furnishing' :goods, manufacturing or i
I Jqbbing business ca-pable of enlargement: no ■
i attention paid unless pull particulars are .
given Box 2?SO. Call office. ,
' DRUGSTORE; price' $3500: best location In
i Oakland; on principal business street; to be
I sold on — unt. of departure at inventory !
I price; see- this bargain before It I.™ gone. .1. I
! . S. J JOHNSON. 972 Broadway, Oakland.
j FOR sale share's, of stock for $5000 In a I
! wholesale house; established In business here
' for the pas! 10 years: profits guaranteed $50
' a'- month, payable last day of each month. ;
j Address box 459. Call office.
FOR sale or exchange for a small ranch near
' country town— A good paying saloon, with i
f-ix living rooms upstairs; long lease; ter- '
i minus of car line. Box 2313. Call office.
it CAN pay $250 month dividend on an Invest-
j ment of $1000 cash: now Is the opportunity
to secure an Income for life. Address In- j
I vestment Co., box 2095, ' Call office. ;
FOR rent on downtown corner: large light j
basement for saloon and billiard hall; rent I
very low. Inquire \VM. HENDRICKSON &'■
CO.. Bt4 Call building.
BARGAIN Flrs.t-clas : s' saloon and lunch
I , bouse for sale; business part of the city;
I on account Of sickness. Address box 452,
j Call of lice. _j
A— GRAND opportunity for an active man:
. small capital required: business clearing $125
per month. 917 Market Ft., room 2.
GROCERY and saloon for sale; well stocked;
] old 'established business. Apply at premises
sqtfthwest corner of Turk and Pierce Pts.
FOR talc— Planing mill: half-Interest of the
late H. R. Powell. -Inquire Palo Alto Planing
I Mill. Palo Alto." Cal.
I PAYING saloon In 'wholesale district; must
sell; going East. 1 WICHMAN, LUTGEN i- ;
CO.. SIS ' lay st.
PRIVATE boarding . house; 25 boarders; 13
rooms.: all full; north of Market, l!ox 1345,
Calf office.
' BAKERY, stationery, etc., wanted: state
j price, reut. "etc. Address box 2097, Call.
ALFA CO.. 935 Market st., will ex-change or
! sell" your properly or business quickly.
$200-«-RESTAURANT; good business; good lo-
• cation; cheap rent. 1941 Market .Bt.
WANT to purchase p.aylng legitimate business
from noofi up. Hox 492, Call.
WOOD and coal yard for sale; double team and
wagons. 1106 Larkln .it.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
: 74" Mission Et.
j WANTED— Good butcher-shop outfit. Box 2100
j Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. OCTOBER 1, 1599.
m.'SIXKSS CHANCES— Continued.
BARGAlN— Delicacies and dairy produce stall;
must be sold at once; account of business in
country. Grand Western Market, 1310 Polk.
RARE opening In established printing business:
reason removal; fullest investigation. Mc-
NEIL !' Hi ).-),. San Jose.
$7. . — FOR pale— Bakery; 3 living rooms partly
fun'iih!. •-.]■; fine place for small restaurant;
rent $10. 1614 ;!flc ft. t
PARTIES with limited means can procure stock
In a home manufacturing company which will
yield annual dividends of 24 per cent; the
business is already established and the prod-
uct one of universal consumption; present
owner retiring on account of old age: a rare
opportunity. Address for full particulars box
2375, Call Of flee.
FOR sale— ln thriving town of Ran Mateo,
randy. icecream and soda and creamery busi-
ness: delivery wagon and horse; sold on ac-
■ ml departure. Address V. 8. HOWARD,
San Mateo, .Cal.
FOR sale— Branch bakery and delicacy store
nt a sacrifice. Inquire 2917 Sixteenth St., near
MOW) rd.
WANTED— with small capital In es-
tabiished, paying business. 626% I St., Sacra-
■ mento. : \. . .'■
BRANCH bakery for sale; owner retiring; 3 Ilv-
'! c rooms, Stir*. Filbert st.
175— GROCERY and bakery: furniture of three
rooms: leaving City; rent JlO. Box 2172, Call.
FOR sal? cheap: grocery store in North Berke-
ley; account of sickness; good business corner;
horse and wagon. P. O. .box 1". Berkeley.
TAILOR shop: complete: v years' standing: 4
living rooms and kitchen: completely fur-
nished: stock of new and second-hand cloth-
Ing; owner going back to old country. 1633
Devisadero St., near Sutler.
AN offer wanted; old-established corner saloon;
side entrance to tamale cafe: fair stock end
a good business. 632 Market St., room 6.
GROCERY and bar. good locality, good trade,
for sale on ao>'ount of other business; no
agent wanted. it& Minna *t.
?:'.■•■ MUST be sold; good bargain; well-estab-
lished oyster bouse; centrally located. . 150
Eddy st.
GOOD-PAYING custom ehix? shop; cheap if
sold at once. 695 Natoma st.
WANTED— Young gentleman with some capital
who is capable of managing the affairs of an
incorporated company. Address box 2175. Call.
BAKERY In good country town; doing good
business; old established business; cause
sickness; price reasonable; apply at once.
P. O. Box 15, Sonora, Cal.
FOR rent on downtown corner: large light
basement for saloon and billiard hall; rent
very low.* Inquire WILLIAM HENDRICK-
ISON & CO.. 614 Call building.
FOR sale— A good paying saloon, with six
living rooms upstairs: long lease; terminus of
car line. Box 2313. Call office.
$900— GROCERY. Oakland; good location and
bus. W. li. Hardy, 961 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a busir.»:. >.
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paying inside rout* for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR rale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGON'S.
FOR — One Columbus trap, with shafts, one
or. two scats; In excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse; weight 950 pounds; suit-
able for buggy: good traveler, sound, kind,
gentle and in perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or 320 Sansome
Bt., room IT..
DELIVERY wagon carrying 1 ton: 1 buggy,
good as new: made hen SHAW, 1621 Market.
FOR sale cheap— 1250 cut-under surrey. 7-.,
bos 457, this office.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN ft BON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SKI'S second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AM) CLEANING.
FEATHER beds and pillows, steam renovated;
now process: made better than new. When
were yours cleaned? Acme Feather- Works,
neral delivery, city.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353 3.'7 Tehama st. ; tel. S 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-4O Bth st. : tel. South 250.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 342 McAllister st.; phone South 14«.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson ft.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. .GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned nt Z'' per yard; laid at Sc.
STRATTON'S, i Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
n.: cleaning, Sc per yard: tel Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aw. ; tel. East 126.
CLEANING CO M POUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) > . 1 1< I I t'AHS.M.
MRS. .1. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated trance
t-.st medium, life reader and medical clair-
voyant; sittings. $1.
The Sick Diagnosed Free.
Come and Be Cured. ■
By her wonderful revealed remedies and "new
method" of treatment for chronic, special and
obscure diseases.
She has the divine gift of second sight and
can show you the way out of trouble, physical
or mental, and give you health. 23. Stockton
St., between Post and Geary- Send stamp
for circular and terms of treatment.
ATTENTION! Your rate is in your hands; If
you want si lot of Information the best clair-
voyant and palmist In God's creation Is Mrs.
Dr. Baylor; full name and description of fu-
ture husband or wife; L. 2".c; G. 50c; mall $1;
send date of birth. 1611V4 Market St.. opp Van
Ness; cut this out; It appears Sundays only.
MEDA HOSKINS, 1423 Market at., bet. lOtn
and llth— Sittings dally; circles Monday even-
Ing and Thursday, 2 d. m.
MRS. ROBINSON, 1423 Market it., bet. 10th
and llth Sittings daily; circles Tuesday
evening and Friday, - p. m.
mmi: MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 7.! Fourth st.. near Mis-ion.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
.1. Z'ERA, the best fortune teller, has love
charms and tells lucky days. 263 Third st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, We: card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St., r. 12.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; daily. 10 a. m.
to 16 p. m. : Sun.. 7to 10 p. in. 105 l.arkin st.
MRS. EVANS, the healer; all chronic cases a
success it taken; rupture a specialty. 627 Bush.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction a ran tee 3;
lac; reading by mall $1. 6 Seventh st.
C. STEERS, medium; 112& Oak at.; circles
Tues., S p. m. ; Th.. 2p. m.: 25c: readings, Jl.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 2.12 Stockton.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants. 11G7 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Bth: fee 25c up: satisfaction.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, ':>■; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Tnlted States or Canada one year for Jl.
posinr." paid.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
POUR small rooms; bath, stationary tubs,
basement and yard; rent $10. Apply 122SV»
Treat aye. ■'..:.-■
FOUR largo rooms, cellar and garden. 537
Church st.
SUNNY cottage, 6 room?-, bath: large yard;
flowers. 74: Capp St., near Twenty-third.
8 WOLF St.: 4 rooms and basement; rent $9;
key (41 Mission Bt.
$B—3 NICE sunny rooms, basement, yard. &3S
Ivy aye., bet. Octavia and Laguna sts.
$10— BAY WINDOW cottage of 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Collins St., near Geary.
tin— COTTAGE •". rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement: key at 711 Treat aye.
DENTISTS.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Kynol, on application to the turns, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out ,i plate; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bide, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
i.i SO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays 9 to 2
in. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market bt.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st., over Cate Ziinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums: the best and most artistic !
dental work at reasonable prices: pure gold [
fTllincs from $1 up; other fillings' from 50c:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from S3 50 ■
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open |
evenings and Sundays. I
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex- |
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $:<: received s first
prices; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLL'M HILL. 1443 Market m . near !
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a j
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
MEYER— Deutscher /Vihnarzt. 6 Turk: Ist-class
work: prices real".; gas; crown & bridge work.
i DR. N BAR DUE, r, 211 Examiner Bldg.;
I work reasonable: satisfaction guaranteed.
1 LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10 !
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th. |
i SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G. j
■ _TOUS__________________. j
i> H KSS M A KERS AND SEAMSTRKSSKS ',
: MRS LIVINGSTON of New York cordially in- j
vltps Indies to examine her French Dress |
Cutting System for cutting ladles' and chil-
dren's garments without paper patterns, pen- |
cIIf. weights, screws or pins; to convince she
will' without charge, teach any one to cut
perfect-fitting garments; pupils taught high I
j art dress cutting and designing, basting, con-
| Ing, pressing, matching plaids, princess i
■ dresses, skirts, sleeves, coats, etc.; pupils can
I make their own gowns while learning; send ,
| for circulars. '.-;;'••:■ st. !
I S. F. Dressmaking School; practical method j
I taught: suits cut and fit to order; reasonable. 1
104 Kearny j=t.
PARISIAN dressmaking. S<7 Geary; dresses i
made $5 up: dresses made over: perfect fit. I
educational; !
; A NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. A.. Mason !
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
industrial' course— Shorthand. typewriting:, I
bookkeeping-. electricity. mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for J
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all. j
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San •
. Francisco; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing,
I languages, telegraphy, English branches, civil, j
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; new 1
SO-page catalogue free. r/1
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.. short -
. hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
-1 lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low I
rates: life scholarship, $60; catalogue. I
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers; j
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day, '
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt. ;
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- j
ing, mech, survey, assay, archl. :day and even.; ;
e=t. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market. I
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
•etc.: circulars and specimen lesson papers; I
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st.
LADY, experienced high school teacher, Unl- I
verslty graduate, teaches In families. 954 j
Adeline St.. Oakland.
FRENCH, mathematics, mechanical and archi-
tectural drawing taught for room; best refer-
. ences. Bos 2378, Call.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs :
In shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
SPANISH for business; daily lessons, $1 a
week. 4 to 9 p. m., room 10. fifth floor, Y. M.
C. A. building. j
PRIVATE academy of dancing; ballroom, buck. 1
wing, Jigs, etc. MISS JEAN HUDDY. CU
Hyde st. I
LESSONS given on piano and singing; special j
attention to beginners. 1133 Geary st.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.: French, Spanish, i
J2 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. V , and 905 Broad-
-1 way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence. .
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of;
Leipsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
•EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 T.arkln St., opp. City Hall. '
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.grammar.writing:
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.Sth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
Ir,1 r , pages. In wrapper, for milling. V per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Butter; tel. Bis 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds ,
help. GF.O. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 64.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE. I
FIRST-CLASS waitress desires a situation; j
good references city or country. Miss H.
CULLINAN. 323 Butter st )
COMPETENT French second girl desires a sit- j
uation; also a first-class chambermaid with I
good references. Apply to MISS H. CULLI- |
NAN. 323 Sutt( r st. j
FIRST-CLASS German cook with good refer-
ences desires a situation; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sinter st.
HOUSEKEEPER, young, neat, wants place in
widower's family where there are 2 or 3
in family. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary. !
YOUNG lady with business qualification solicits '.
ii position as stenographer and bookkeeper;
small salary. Address Diplomacy, box 2397,
■all office. -
WANTED— By middle-aged American woman,
position as companion to elderly couple; Is I
good plain cook; Oakland perferred. Address
bos 2098, Call office.
WOMAN wants housework or work as cham-
bermaid only. Address 7044 Mission St., r. 41. j
WANTED Situation; engineer, stationary;
strictly temperate and reliable; age BO; mod- 1
prate Valury for steady place. Address box |
2391. Cull office.
GIRL of 18 wishes a place after school hours !
and Saturdays to mind baby or do light
housework. Apply 1342 Sacramento st.
A LADY of refinement wishes a position us
companion and nurse for invalid. Address
box 49(5, Call office.
A POSITION as assistant in office or cashier:
having experience, in office work, railroad
telegraphy, etc. Room 31, 29 Eddy st.
COMPETENT American woman wishes place
as cook in hotel or boarding-house. Address
267H Stevenson st.
LADY with good experience housekeeping and !
co iking wishes position to cook on ranch; has
a small child 9 years of age. Montgomery
Hotel. 227 Second St.
STYLISH dressmaking In families on ladies'
and children's clothes In all the late de- '
signs at $125 per day: references. 1314 Bu- j
chanan st.
EASTERN woman wishes position as manag- ;
ing housekeeper, city or country, or as agent j
for wholesale house: can accustom herself to I
most any kind of business; no objection to
traveling. Address, all week, 29 Eddy st.,
top floor.
MIDDLE-AGED educated lady, good reader
and amanuensis, as companion or nurse to
Invalid; do plain sewing; no objection to
country- Box 455. Call.
HOUSEKEEPER for rooming house, or will i
' take care of Invalid. Branch, 1941 Mission.
FIRST-CLASS washer and Ironer wants work
for Monday and Tuesday. Inquire 234 Van
Ness aye , Falk's grocery store.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
di general housework. Call at 20S Golden
Gate aye.
MIDDLE-AGED lady with small boy wishes
situation as housekeeper. Call or address
615 Eighth St., Oakland.
AN American lady wishes a position as house-
keeper. 313 Ninth St., Oakland. ?-'-■;.;-■.
A LADY With a child wants to get a place to
work In a small family with small wages and
a good home; would go to Oakland. Call at
179 Fourth st., city; no trlflers.
WANTED— Position In lodging house, house-
cleaning or laundry- 426 Kearny St., mi. 3.
LADY wishes situation to wait at table and
assist with housework. Box 456, Call.
COLORED woman wishes day work or
place to do plain cooking. Address box 451,
Call office.
MOTHER and daughter want position In same
family (American); wages $30: mother first-
class cook; daughter 17 years old. Call or ad- i
dress 2409 Clay St.. rear.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. 821 Mission St.. room 1.
WOMAN wants work by the day; housework,
washing. ISM Mission _t.
EASTERN widow would like plain sewing and
mending to do. Call room 2, second flour 1031
Market at. : ; .;. ■•'.■■-.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady wishes position
as housckweeper in small family. Apply S.
F.. 1708. Kearny St.
LADY -wishes jewing and mending to do at
home. Call 150 Fourth St., room 7.
LETTERS written by an expert; all letters,
personal or business, strictly confidential.
MRS. HOWARD. 208 Eddy st.
_ .
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kot; 200 rooms; 2,".c to $1 B0 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —^J^i_
BOOKKEEPER and genera! merchandise sales- !
man: ten years' experience; object to buy In- j
. terest in business If satisfactory. Bos 2355, |
Call office.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted; thoroughly
understands care t-orses, carriages; good
driver; thoroughly competent; city references.
Box 2fS4. Call office.
YOUNG German wants to make himself useful
by several hours' work per day. Apply HER-
BERT OSSIQ. box 2357. Call office. '
WANTED— Situation; thoroughly experienced
bedmaker and houseman; strictly temperate,
reliable, With best references. Box 2392, Call.
WANTED Steady Job (sober man) In a fur-
niture and curvet store; also expert carpet
layer. Box 2245. Call.
A. RELIABLE German couple want work on
ranch: referencey. Address box 1420. Call.
WANTED— By reliable elderly man. situation
to do chores around place: thoroughly under-
stands care of horses and driving; good milker :
and plain gardener: willing to make himself I
useful at any work; good references. Box 1
»2, Call office.
COACHMAN wishes position with family; four
years' references from last employer. Box
4SS. Call office.
CLERK wants position gent's furnishing or
general merchandise store; has experience in
both branches; city or country no objection.
Box 2396. Call office.
YOUNG man. German, speaks English fluent-
ly, strictly sober, as nurse, attendant, house-
man; drive delivery wagon or anything: Al
city references. G. HABERDANK, 369 Jessie.
GARDENER— Can milk, take care of horses,
handy with tools, would like situation; good
references. Gardener, box 492, Call office.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly In all branches. No. 1 references, de-
sires situation as such. Address C. S., 1022
Jackson st.
SMALL, neat, active, elderly man would like
to get a situation in some capacity. HEN-
DERSON, 158 New Montgomery st.
JAPANESE wants situation as schoolboy. Ad-
dress 260*5 Brannan St.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
situation In private place: can milk; handy
with tools; temperate habits; references. Ad-
dress P. LUND, 360 Seventh St., Oakland.
COMPETENT engineer wants any kind of
position; Is stead) and sober. Call or ad-
addr«"s:< 122! Howard st.
GERMAN and wife would like to take charge
of a small place In the country; man a good
farmer a:;d wlnemaker, wife a good cook;
can give good references. H. S., St. George
Hotel. 812 Kearny st.
SITUATION wanted by a practical engineer
and machinist of 20 years' experience; under-
stands the dynamo: good reference. Address
box 2369, Call office.
PRACTICAL gardener, understands the busi-
ness In all branches and good horseman,
wishes situation. Box 2370. Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS, 15 Grant.
PORTER, American, would like place: can do
stairs work; city or country. Box 2368, Call.
YOUNG man would like situation as cobbler
for a Catholic institution. Box 2365, Call.
STATIONARY engineer want* position or any |
mechanical work relating to the same; ref- j
erences. Address box 2168, Call.
SITUATION as foreman on hop ranch; two ex-
perienced men; good references. Box 389,
Uklah. Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has '«een established at 10S6 Va-
lencla .-:
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 V& Market st.. San Francisco: exam. free.
EXCHANGE.
THIRD interest in gold mine In Tuolumne
County, Cal., that runs $19 In free gold for
ranch. Address box 2094, Call office.
UNIMPROVED ranch property, 200x400, In
Martinez, Cal.. value $4000, to exchange for i
5. F. real estate. Box 2316. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp, lie;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid and lined.
50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1311 Stockton st., nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 80, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED $31 carpets, furniture, etc.; hleh-
»-st 1 rice paid; postal. H. COLEMAN, 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets. furnlture.etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln.ll2l Market
FLATS TO LET.
ADELAIDE Place, 8, off Taylor, near Post— 4
rooms: sunny: very central; $12.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches, Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath: cheap.
ELEGANT flat; 4* sunny rooms: bath; fine
view; reasonable. 425 Thirteenth st.
ERIE, 147, near Folsom— 4 sunny rooms; 125
Thirteenth. a sunny rooms and bath. Apply
on premises or MADISON <_. BURKE.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of ■' large sunny rooms and bath: rent
reasonable. 3645 Sacramento St., cor. Spruce.
FLAT — Four rooms, large yard and basement;
rent $12. 321 Tenth st.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sun-
ny; rent $12. 1718. Leavenworth st.
FURNISHED flat, new and every modern con-
venience; six sunny rooms and bath: rent $45
month; apply on premises Sunday. 1427 Oak.
GEARY, 2222-2226 — 5 good rooms; bath;
sunny; rent right.
HOWARD. 1131—4 nice sunny rooms; large
cellar: cheap.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519—5 rooms; gas and
bath: modern improvements; rent $15.
LOVELY, sunny, cozy flat of 5 rooms and bath;
rent low. 156 14th St., nr. Howard; 12 to 3.
MISSION, 1511, near Eleventh— Upper and
lower; 5 rooms; bath; laundry; yard.
NEW modern 5-room flat; vacant Oct. 4. 639 A
Minna st., between Seventh and Eighth.
NICE sunny Hat. 4 rooms; large basement:
house newly painted. 1164 Perry st. ; $10.
NINETEENTH, 4056, near Castro— Lovely up-
per sunny flat; $13.
XOE, 695, NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up-
per sunny modern r>-room flat, with store
room; $17; water free.
PART of a furnished flat in a desirable location
on Devisadero st. for housekeeping. Box 2395,
Call office.
SE. cor. Howard and Twenty-second; modern
flats of 6 and 7 rooms; newly painted and
tinted: $17 to $20.
SHIPLEY, 87, near Fourth— sl4: sunny upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath. SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE & CO., 21S-220 Montgomery s t.
TWO flats, 3313 and 3315 Twenty-first, near
Valencia; 3 rooms and bath each.
UPPER fiat to let; 242 Clinton park, bet. Guer-
rero ami Market sts.; 6 rooms and bath: sun
all day: key at lower flat.
UNION, 1938— Rear house. 8 rooms, $10; front
sunny flat. 6 rooms, bath, $12. Apply at 726V_
Montgomery aye.
VERY desirable sunny flat of seven rooms and
bath; almost new. 1524 Butter st.
WANTED — At once, nice flats, cottages anil
houses; will guarantee good tenants. A. M.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
WEBSTER, 58— Large sunny flat, six rooms
and bath: rent $20.
$11— 4-ROOM flat; 21 Rltch st., near Folsom.
Apply PLANZ & SON, 565 Geary st.
I 4 SUNNY rooms near Mail dock; also flat. 6
rooms; $14 and $10. Key 623 Second st.
$B— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aw . near Laguna and Hayes sts.
ft AND $6 50— Reduced: 2 flats 4 rooms each.
1123 Vallejo St., near Leavenworth.
$12 SHIPLEY. 297 A. near Sixth; 5 sunny
; rooms; flat; bath; gas; nice yard.
FURRIERS; FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yoke?, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 11.". Kearny. top floor.
lIKLP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS— AII the new holiday books: samples
coming; all the latest war books; "Reminis-
cences and Thrilling stories of the War,"
"Halstead's Life of Dewey," "Scenic Philip-
pine Islands." etc.; stock now ready; can-
vassers wanted city and country; write for
samples. The J. Dewing Co., Flood bldg..
AGENTS— Write at once; money-maker of the
season: $20 to $30 weekly sure; used in every
store and home. Introduction Co., 48 Clark
St.. Chicago.
MEN & women to travel & appoint agents;
salary $73 mo., expenses; rapid advance-
ment: brilliant opportunity. Address, with
ref., BUTLER & ALGER. New Haven, Conn.
EXPERIENCED solicitors, men and women,
for city and country: liberal terms with right
parties. 1404 Call building. San Francisco.
RESPONSIBLE man or woman wanted in each
city and county to handle our goods. Box 2367
Call.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE^
GERMAN' cook. $36. city: 2 German cooks. t?.O;
housework, city. $SO. 4 In family. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, Palo Alto, $23; Alameda. $35;
Berkeley, $20; Antioch, $20; Martinez. $2U;
Vacavllle, $20: Belvedere, 523: Los Gatos,
$26; San Rafael. $25; San Leandro, $20; Beri-
ieia. £-i> : S.-i!i Mateo, $20, and several other
i v::-; M housework kINs. city. 52.". $2
$15; 10 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. -MISS
II CULLINAN, 323 Sutter. phone Main 851.
REFINED educated girl for llghl second, $20.
.MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sinter st.
PROTESTANT .second girl. $25; 2 second girls.
$20 and $15; 4 hotel waitresses, country, $20
each; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city
and country, $-'" and $2j. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl to assist in housework, 2
In family: $12 to $15. MISS 11. CULLINAN,
323 Slitter st.
C. R HANSEN * CO PHONE GRANT 183
Head waitress, university, s^c party here at
10 o'clock Monday; hotel waitresses. Wood-
land. Napa. Colusa, Healdsburg. 3 for Nevada
City, $20; waitress. San Jose, 523 ; 6 ironers..
$25 a month and $10 a week; city and coun-
iry, chambermaid to wait. Pacific Grove,
Bakersfield. $20; 2 waitresses, city, $20. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS SPKNCKR and daughter please call at
C R. HANSEN &. CO.. 104 Geary st.
RANCH cook. 525, and 40 girls for housework
and cooklne: <ity and country. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Laundresses. 120 to $30; German
and French second girls, $:."; nurses, $20; Eng-
lish governess. $2.'.; t; German and Scandi-
navian cooks. $30 and $35: 10 waitresses, clty
and country. S2O and 125 and $7 h week; GO
girls for cooking and housework in city and
country, $20 and $25, and a number of young
girls for assist housework at $IJ. Apply
Monday to 3. P. CROSETT A CO., !lfi Sutter.
WANTED- Neat, tidy young lady house-
keeper; one who would appreciate com-
fortable home: child no objection; state age
and wages wanted. I..x 14i\ Call office^
GOOD sresi operator Ml per week. Apply
Monday; steady work. 14 (Jrant aye., I I
WANTED Young lady of refinement and edu-
cation as assistant in dPntal office. Address,
own handwriting, box 1422, Call office.
WANTED- Nursegirl to take care of two
children; must be neat: good liome tn right
party. Apply L'S22 Pine St., near Haker.
NEAT young girl to assist in light housework.
Call Monday at 3722 Twenty-second st.
FINISHER on custom pants; 75c a pair.
CHARLES COOPER, €22 Clay St., room ISA.
Gll:r,, !2 to 14; good home. 1616 California st.
GIRL; general housework: plain ''ooklng: fam-
llj 3. Call before 1 p. m., 182GA Slitter st.
WANTED— Coat finishers on men's coats. 51?
Market st.. upstairs.
APPRENTICE hair and wig store. 112 Eddy
street.
TAILORESS, butti nhi le Maker and appren-
tlces wanted at 509 Kearny st.. room 2.
GIRL for second work and . waitress. Apply.
with reference, Monday morning, 2440 Pacific
avenue.
OPERATORS "ii overalls and pants. HEYNE-
MANN & CO., 410% Mission st.
EXPERIENCED sewers on Undies' underskirts
and children's dresses; few beginners taught.
BAUER HUMS. & CO., 21 Sansome st.
EXPERIENCED forelady for a large ladies'
Hiii children's muslin underwear factory;
. : steady position. Address box 460. Call.
GOOD makers wanted. MRS. S. THOMAS,
111 Grant aye.
GIRL to help with downstairs work. IuOG Ken-
tucky st.
WANTED Corset saleslady.' Corset depart-
ment. Emporium and Golden Rule. Bazaar.
GIRL for dental office: experience not neces-
sary. Address box 2394. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced operators on skirts
and shirt waists. Apply A. HOFFMAN. 412'
Market st.
NEAT girl for gen» : rnl housework: small fam-
lly; Oakland. Call 2611 Seventeenth st., cor.
Bryant, S. F.
GIRL 1 t at light housework; sleep
home. 1605 Turk st.: after 11 o'clock.
MILLINER wants experienced saleslady; also
trimmer. 2518 Mission st.
YOUNG lady kodak operators; good pay. Call
Bt 141 Hyde Bt., Monday.
THREE in 1 family or house to work together
at home; 1 to 1% hours each evening ;it writ-
i;ig and figuring: state wages expected. Ad-
dress bos Ml, Call office.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses wanted; wages $G
a week, mi clay st.
WANTED- Girl for general housework. Apply
611 I ievisadero st.
MAKERS for millinery; must understand ' sell-
Ing; steady position; apprentices wanted. 130
Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies fur millinery;
must understand trimming; steady position.
130 Sixth st. L _
WANTED- A lady as an assistant: must be
healthy, about 30; one having had some ex-
perience in business or nursing preferred.
Address Medical, box 465, Call office.
WANTED Girl, assist with light housework
and baby. 129 olive aye., n.-.-ir Van Ness.
SECOND girl wanted; wages $15: young girl
only. Apply 2601 Hroadway Monday after
1 p. m.
WOMAN to take care of baby; steer home.
Apply Monday morning, room 44, 70S Geary st.
WAITRESS wanted steady. 623 Fourth St.
WANTED— Young lady compositor: one with
experience preferred. Box .403, Call.
WANTED -First-class waist and skirt hands.
6 Eddy st , rooms 96-97.
PLEASANT position for 4 energetic women;
good wages 472 ! i Thirteenth St., Oakland.
WANTED- A llnisher on pants, steady work,
■ pay; also an apprentice. 1286 East
Fourteenth, bet. 25th and 26th ayes., Oakland.
WANTED— Cook in restaurant. 113 Turk st.
McDoWELL'S Dressmaking School is the place
t.i learn high grade work and fit yourself for
first-class position; late patterns cut to order.
McDOWELL, 103 Post st.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO Connor & Moffntt.
FOR general housework (without washing) in
small family In Oakland, young woman of
good health and refinement, desiring to study
music, can obtain delightful home, rpgular
competent instruction and opportunity
practice, considerate treatment and $10 wages.
Address h..\ 2372. Cull office. '
WANTED— GirI for laundry and second work;
references required. 1721 Jackson St.. between
9 and 10: M a m.
EXPERIENCED sewers on ladles underskirts:
work In factory or at home. A. AARON. 579
Mission st.
BUTTONHOLE makers on custom coats; girl
to assist bushelman; apprentices on coats,
pants and \ests. 541 Mnrket st.
WANTED— German cook in restaurant. 113
Turk st.; no other need apply.
WANTED— Attractive, young, capable lady for
vaudeville comedy. Kox 2350. Call office.
SWEDISH girl wanted for general housework;
not necessary to talk English. 1144 Howard.
WANTED -10 girls for paper box making. Ap-
ply 675 Bryant st.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; 3 In
family: $15. 1519 Grove st.
2 WAITRESSES wanted; restaurant. 631 Clay
street.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fniit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co., Seventh and
Berry sts.
EASTERN vocalist, reputation, would have ex-
perienced pianist of ability Join her high i I
concerts through California, continuing East-
ern and northern States. Box 307. Call. Oakld.
WANTED— Fitters on men's shoes. Apply at
| United Worklngmen R& S. Co.. Twenty-fifth
and Uartlett sts.. city.
WANTED Intelligent girl to mind an office;
$12 per month to commence. Bi k 2866. Call.
GLOVE-MAKERS wanted. Empire Glove
Works, corner Battery and Washington sts.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent-— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
i GIRLS: GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. !?'•<• Fremont st..
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundrr<l more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
LOANS on diamonds and jewels: low interest ■
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS, is Grant.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. IP3 Post st.
IRONERS wanted by V. 8. I.ACNDRY ASSO-
CIATION. .Sixteenth St.. ntar Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to worn on fruit at
$7S San Jose aye.
A BRANCH office lor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109$ Va-
lencia et
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
T'ni!°.! States n* Canada onq year for $1,
post ace paid.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY A- READY PHONE MAIN 584*
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
..WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M..
U harvest hands.... s2 to $1 50 day and found
$:; 50 day Hay balers $3 50 day
23 choremen and boys $30 to $15 and found
16 milkers $30, $25 and found
66 steady farm hands. .s3o. $26, $25 and found
l v . laborers and teamsters for city $2 day
Man and wife with family for mine
; : $35 and found
Coatmakers Boys for city factories
2 milk wagon drivers $30, $25 and found
German to drive bakery wagon.. s2o and found
29S laborers for all parts., of California, $S,
$2 50, *2, $1 75 day
12 two-horse teamsters.../ $.2 25 da.v
IS- laborers, fare f.Oc , $60
29 laborers, fare 70c $60
2? stablemen, etc. ...s-30. $40. $30, $25 and found
2' tallymen, lumber company • $75
Carpenter, Government U. S $50 and found
2 good iron workers $3 day
12 stone and concrete masons $3 50 day
' NOTICE
937 other places, not advertised.
CALL AND SEE
Wheelwright, country shop : C. C. Co
Harness-makers. ..Stone and concrete masons
Upholsterers Sash door makers
Slate splitters, wood turners, mill bench hands
Cabinet-makers ••••
Block makers Setters, sawmill
Machinist on corrugated rolls Coopers
Wages above Jobs $.".. $4.. $3 50. $3. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FRUITPICKERS
grapepickers
565 men and boys >..
fares $125 : ". office fee. $1 only
; anybody will suit: you will
I 80 to 90 days' work/ $S0 per month and found.
MURRAY & RUADY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE pay your fares
to 3S sawmills, etc
no experience wanted
197 men for &0 different jobs «
from laborers to run machines ,
wages, $2C to $10 per month and found....
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers, tre«
fellers, bark peelers, jackscrev/ers, woods-
men and millmen of every description. $SO,
$76, $'"..'., $.",0. $45. $40. $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tiemakers, shingle and bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE ship you free free far«
to every railroad in California but one
drillers, hammersmen, teamsters, laborers,
stonemasons, etc., from '$3 60 day; board,
lodging, etc., cost $4 60 week (remember th»
one we don't ship to is the Coast R. R.)
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED HELP
6 farmers and wives
2 milkers and wives
5 cooks and wives for hotels, etc ...'
wife to cook for men, man as choreman on
ranch; $60, $55, $50, $45, $40, $35, $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. ■"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT : BAKERS
32 c00k5.. 566, $55, $50, $45. $40, $35, $20 a.nd found
19 waiters .$35, $30, $25, $20 and found
3S dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
4 first. 6 second. 6 .third hand bakers, also 5
boys to learn, $45, $40, $35, $30, $25, $20, $15 and
found; come and see us; 15 porters, bedmak-
.-: a bell and elevator hoys, pantrymen, jani-
tors, $30, $25, $20, $15 and found; 7 laundry-
men '. $35, $30, $25 and found
11 cooks and wives
MURRAY. & READY.. 634 and 636 Clay at.
TO 38 mines ...../...........big wagei
1 fireman and 12 laborers $*3
12 miners, single and double ....$2 50 day
55 laborers, no experience required, you will
suit, wages $57 per month with board,, etc.
25 laborers, fare $1 EO, No. 1 . mine r J*i
29 laborers, fare $2 50-, sliver mine.. s34 found
63 laborers, fare $4- .." : '.$37 and found
Great crowds -....MURRAY & READY,
going daily ' .634 and .636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS... : BLACKS M IT 1 1
9 carpenters. 16 miles from city, free, fare,
house building .- $3-.day and. found
5 carpenters, steady job on a ranch..:..'....;.
; i...52 50' day ana ; \fonTvl
. 6 carpenters, Shasta Co., steady job.. ..s3. day
16 carpenters, different j0b5.....w $3 day
9 blacksmiths':" 3- "helpers, $3, .$2.50 day, $80,
$50, $4."., $40, $30: and found. .' : - ■ '■'■■.■•
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St., _
MONDAY. .BOSS AT OUR OFFICE.. SEfe -HIM
shipping 175 men Tuesday. October 3. -.-.•...■
$3 5.0 day ....Coal. :/..... ..Miner5.. ..$.3 f.odA.y
•Salt- Lake City •■ -..:.'».. '...Utah
fare paid ." • -:.... .fare paid
we shipped 20 last Monday .:..,....."
we shipped 155 "last Tuesday .-."■ •..."..;.
are shipping 175 next .Tuesday-. -..:.
thtre never has been," is- not now, will not
be, any tabor troubles at the great coal
mines of I". P. R. R. Co.
REMEMBER .......;
If you are in ■ British Columbia, Oregon;,-
Washington or other States, or any part 61
California, come at once, we will, ship- you.
Don't write; come yourself: 5»0. -wanted
BOSS HERE." MURRAY & READY,
SEE HIM 634 and 636 Clay at.
FARMER and wife, fare sjfc, can take: -one
child, $30 and round. MURRAY ft READY,
634-a'nd 636 Clay at. ■ ' ' ■
FARE PAID.. ..DRILLERS.- 1 ! AM M B RSMEN
25 drillers and hammersmen :....$2 7.". day
' corner men, bench hards, muckers. . etc. '
MURRAY $ READY,' 63I and 6::6 Clay St.
BIG WAGES
565 men as laborers for factories., manufac-
turing company," etc., city ana country, $3.
$■' 50 $2 day ■' i Come see.
"MURRAY & READY. 634 and 686 Clay at.
,* ' -
10 CARPENTER? • FARE PAID
For flume building-; I months work: ship
Monday afternoon -.-.'....-.
Wages $3 day: board $4 10 a week. , •
. ■:. R. HA'NSEN & CO.. 104 Geary ft.
FOR THE COAST ROAD
. ...SHIP TUESDAY MORNING
NO" FEE.'! : ....FREE FARE
Laborers and teamsters, $1 7.1 to $2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPANY WORK FREE FARE
°0 laborers SI 75 a day; board $4 50 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
FOR THE SANTA FE R. R FREE FARE
Tunnelmen $2 50 a day
Teamsters $'- a day
Laborers v - $2 a day
BOARD $4 50 A WEEK
. SHIP MONDAY AFTERNOON
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary &t.
10 STONE masons, $3 50; helpers, $2: railroad
work ■■ Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary- st.
FOR MADERA...." ". FREE FARE
Teamsters for railroad work....
Ship-- Monday Afternoon
;; c.X. HANSEN- & CO., 104 Geary st.
BARKEEPER. $50: cook, small club, $60: sec-
ond cook $45; cook, saloon lunch, country.
$40; broiler, hotel, $45; second cook, country^
hotel, $40: second cook, $50; fry cook, $45, .res-
taurant north; porter, $25: kitchen hands and
dishwashers, $20, $25 and $30; 2 camp waiters,
..!*.' LAUNDRY HELP
Washer, $40; marker .and distributor, $40;
ironer $25; washer for .an institution, $30.
' C. R. HANSEN* CO., 104 Geary st.
STEWARD for a small country club, $30,' see
party here; 4 waiters, different country hotels,
$25 to 130.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MAN about place with good references. $2.".;
milker and make butter, $25; milker, $25: 6
farmers. $1 a day and board; 2 hard rock
quarrvmen, $2 50 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— good retail salesman; familiar
with the grocery or crockery trade; a good
man can secure permanent position: give ref-
erences as to competency and character; state
salary expected; none without experience need
apply. Box 600, Call office.
WANTED — General office manager, to attend,
to the correspondence, etc.: must have $2509"
to loan: good security; permanent position
in wholesale hardware business: give age.
reference and salary expected. Address box
458. Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C. \
SALESMEN— S3OO a mo. and expenses selling to
hotels, stores, families patent burner for
heating, cooking; cooks or heats room in halt
usual time. Perfectioin Burner Co., 127 W. P.
St. Cincinnati. Ohio.
SEVEN harness-makers, good mechanics; top
wages; call between the hours of 10 to 12
this morning (Sunday) to see party. DR.
:ELY, V. S., 510 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Boy -with some experience in tailor-
ing; steady work. good wages; car rare will
be paid. i2S6 E Fourteenth st., between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth ayes.. Oakland.
GOOD bushelman. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO
718 Market st.. Monday, 7:30 a. m.
INTELLIGENT young man 16 to 18 years Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market St., Mon-
day, 7:30 n. m.
WANTED— Three house painters for next Tues-
day at 142 Fulton st. . ■ •
WANTED a boy to work In machine "shop;
one with experience; state wagee. Box 2353
Call office."
WANTED Experienced driver for milk wagon-
s6o per month. 2200 Point Lobos aye.. cor nth!
TAILORS— coatmakers and pantsmakers
SIMON <<'cM CoUntry - A PP>y to STEIN.
WANTED— Two live men; good proposition^
Apply at 22 Post st.. from 7:30 p. m. to 8:30
p. m., I'd him. o
M w^r<. T'li Ve / S<?d • in ■ the oS or hard-
J^^^^lj?[lO^D day: ■ U » atart
WANTED— Men singers in vested choir- in-
UCtlon In sis , ht reading. Good Samaritan
Mission. Second -at., near Folsom. lmaruan
■ " . '■ .■» --.-•■■ S^HELP WANTED — MAXJBL.
-\YANTED— Five good, hustlers on. salaries. Ap-
. jily 7p. ni., Monday. 300 Post St.- .;-.."■ ...
7>oY- drive wagon; help in store; wages $3 per
week. Dox 1423. Call office.; ■ . ■ - . __\_
BOYJto learn trade," _". . INK &t ECHINDLER,
3309 Market rt. .■ ■■ ■ ■ ■ ...
W -VNTKD— Operators and roatmakers on men's
coats. 513 Market st., ; upstairs. ' ' ■ ■
GOOD eoatmaker wanted by the week.' 410
Kearny St., room - 35. -. ' .- '
YOUNG boy, from 10 to 1A years old. to learn
> : trade. 2U ElVis .et.'- J ■ :
EECOXD cook wanted. Oceanic Restaurant,
240 East ft. ' ' ■ ' ■.-'■'.■ ■ . '. ;
V.'ANTED-Baker'B helper. "311 La-rkin st. ■
PRESSMAN wanted; good 'wages. 509 Kearny
• st.. room 2^ .•'-■.-.■'''■•' -
SqOOD 'p toady cake baker wanted.- 1139 Pol--
'"' rl *t. . '■'■ '. •-. -.- - : ':
GOOD cook wanted at 869 Hayes st; call-
• <uter 11. -■ ■ ■ . ;
-PRINTER for country' newspaper: must be
Bbber and industrious: wages $30 month 'to
commence; steady employment to .right: man; j
board and lodging; costs $15 to $IS. Address
Good Home. Call office. . .
WANTED— DiFhwa*ber at restaurant. 76 Ninth
street. • ■ .
MAN and wife; g<xid home; ranch: Rutherford,
Napa Co. Yosemite House, 9 to 10 a.-' m. to-
WANTED— Oculist or graduate optician with
necessary instruments; salary $20 per week.
Address box 2156, . Call office.
ELDERLY man with J5O cash can make inde-
-1 n lent livir.g. Box 2168, Call office.
"WANTED— First-class ladles' tailor; apply to-
r,.yy. 1 to 4. M. E. WILLS,. 121 Post St.
WANTEI '-Delivery boy for grocery store. AB-
-flress box 860. Call. ■ • . ■-'
WANTKP— Man or woman to travel and ap-
j.oir.t agents: salary. $75 per month and ex-
pense-: rapid promotion; also local workers:
guaranteed $3 per day: position permanent
Century, ."043 Market St., Philadelphia.
iU'ITS 1 1 order r.n Installments at-caph prices, $1 j
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny st,
WANTV-i'-Locksmith or toolmnker. 17CS
]p w i h tjwa y^ Berkeley. ■
WAXTKD— hanger. Address, with refer-
ences. box 2374. Call. .
JEWELERS.; 328 Bush St., room 4. third floor.
COATMAKERS and bisters; either piece work
. r by the week; also bushelman. 641 Market. :
[WANTED — Canvassers and hers; some- j
thing entirely new. 1424^, Park st., Alameda,
room 5. ■'••". I
"WANTED— Driver for milk wagon at 816 Treat
avenue. ■
WANTED— A first-class coatmaker at 135-H j
Natoma St.
FIRST-CLASS fmiiher: high wages; state j
. . work. 22^4 Montgomery, aye. . :-
WANTED— T-.misters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and }?• board.' '. 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Sari Pablo Eta- j
tlon, oi) Valley . Road:' ...,-. \ ? ' '. ■'-'
GOOD grocery" clerk wanted: has to understand
the business.' Call 39S Waller st. ■
MEN ivahtej to learn barbtr trade In . elpht
week?; only, institution teaching, the . tonso-
rlal art; constant -practice; expert ruction; !
lectureson dermatology.; Sat/wages; positions !
guaranteed; call. or write for illu^u-ated' cata-
logue. " M.phler'B Barber College. 63"> Clay'Bt'.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins boiight:
■ hiehe^t price paid. U-NCLE HARRIS'.ISGrant.
"WANTED — Pinno salesman of experience;: sai- !
ary and commission.. Box 2323. Call.
BARHKRS' Protective Union— Tho only legal
■ organized! union on the coast. J. J".': HEINZ,
Employment Secy. .COO Market. <downstalrs.'
"WANTED^- 'Laborers -arid mechanic's to .know
that Ed Rblkln. .Rer.o House •proprietor, still
runs Denver House.-" 21-7 Third Et. ; U0 large
..•::..-:: L''c per night: $1 to $-. per w-ek.
GET your shoes -.half-spied while waiting; 25£
t<j.soe. C 6.2 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts. ■ i
EOOIPAIRS men's shoes, slightly damager, 'half
price. 5C2 llieFioi: et.. bet. lbt arid 24 s.ts. :
BUSHELMAN- "wanted." Apply afu'r 9 a. m..to
CIIAS. LYOXS; London Tailor. 7il Market st..
TO Tailor*— Good coatmaKers wanted. Apply
at II a. m . at the- Btevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st,
. TENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD. & CO./ attor-
■ '. ■ ■ — -h-eys. Hearst -MdR.", Third- and Market.-
'BAILORS and ■ ordinary wamen for coast and
'Austral:.! at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.; 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152. j
.'■Fir:?T-CLAP.S furn'fihlr.s good? salesman and
. .window dres«er. Apply, box 2272. Call.
TT(Y our 15j meal"); best in city 406 McAllis-
f;r st. .
MEX and women to learn barber trade at S.
:F. : - BARBER COLLECSF. 13SH Eighth Ft.
I v SINGLE furnisned roomn. 10c, 15c and 25c
■i." -r r.!(?ht. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c; $1
to: s2. 50. week. Elcho House. 5634 Market st,
.... Acme House, 9",7 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 100 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bss and baggage to' and from the ferry.
A'BP.ANOII office for Call advertisements and
suhs^riptiens has been established at 1096 Va-
•■.UTi-'i.-i'- n.
)ld»M>, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
I'AIR of stylish dappled bay cobs, thoroughly
l-rf-k-\ sound and gentle with harness. Rpider
phaeton, etc. Apply to KELLY &. SONS, 1629
Pine Ft.
HIGH-BRED lady's horse, up-to-date phaeton
and Columbus road buggy for sale. 1025 Re-
f»ct St., A'.umeda; information 129 Beale St.,
city- _.
.40 HORSES for pale; also wagons, buggies,
c;irt.=. iiarness. Grand Arcade. Horse Market.
3V7 Sixth ft.; au :Inn sales every Wednesday,
BULLIVANj & • DOYLE. Auctioneers.
. 2 FRESH family cows for sale cheap. Call
20918 Mi.Tlon.et.
FINE fresh family cow for sale cheap. 1139
San Bruno aye., near Twenty-third st.
WILL sell or trade large bay horse. Apply
horse clippers, 22 Golden <;->te aye.
FANCY carriage, saddle and r^.id horses. DAL-
ZfIEL, Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOII SALE.
' 24 -ROOM corner house $550
GO-robm hotel and bar; clears $500  <000
I'Vroom house, on Turk ft 425
3'i rooms; corner; rent' sss „ 750
' )B,'rooms;Jon Turk su, near Market hi')
2 rooms; en Eddy tit.; must Bell 600
26 rooms; corner;-, apartment house 1600
11 -room house; one floor 350
•'. 32 rwms; 2 fronts': clears $250..! 220)
2ii rooms; r.n Market ft.; clears $200 1450
, TELEPHONE JOHN NO. Cl
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
Jl4<v, — SUNNY corner; 23 rooms; oak furniture;
♦TOO— I.I rooms; Mason st. ; always pays: $i.".O —
■Jo room*;- O'Farre-11 st.-; paying; 300 other
houses; all prices. HTJNSAKER, C Eddy et.
APARTMENT house; 2S roonis; corner; 20
sunny: ail rented; • rurally located. • Box
4£4. Call office. .- c.
(800 BUYS So-roomed lodginKho'.ise; central; ac-
count of sickness. 80x '2171, Call office.
. -'11-.UOOM house; centrally located; all full; at
a bargain. 1145 Mission n.
LODGING Kouses^-Call before buying and sell-
ir.cr. .l'.ncifii- Room Renting : '.-•"':
■ •";.' HOUSES TO LET..
'. A— PRINI ICD list;' houses to le-t; send for clr-
• cular. G. H. MBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
■ A. M. SPECK & CO.. 657 MARKET St!~~
■ • H<3i;.SE.S. I" FLATS. ',-ih'C
: '■ JCtt Octavla; 10 R..5150|"C65 McAllister; 7 R.s3o
1111 Clay; 12 R 75:1523 Pine; -C It :.. 80
.*■.;,- SU MlsrJon; 9 R.... 37] 417 JoneS; 6' R... .{27 50
■ ■•;|S23 Broadway; S R. SO 1333 Howard; 8 n.... 19
v ".6 Folsom; 7 P..... -.21! 132 Seotf, 6 R.; ...V,
..ADVANCES . Rt lowest lnterr-Bt: private en-
- ;'■;. -ti-ance. I.'XCLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye. (
■ . •."DOCTORS— For private sanitarium; large cen-
■ •. trally located hout>e wljh 11 rooms, 2 bath-
'' rooms, ■ Fpa'.-Inu's cellar- and good garden- to
'. lAase. T. O. HKYDENFELDT; 1040 Post st."
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
.:., tist you get from BALDWIN &HOWELL
"» 10 -Montgomery st. ' .-
••' /Tiol.'SE 9- rooms; 6S Minna St. sunny side; rent
•" .'• $12 . : '-. : •
• -LaGUNA, "1715 — sunny. modern houses, each of
. ■ S rooms .and bath; newly papered.
.SIOa It is aye., ■•75, near Bryant St.— Rent $15;
.'....house of- 7 rooms; light and sunny; newly
•/. ..t'Jear.ed: ' . ■ ..- : ; - .
NINE rooms, with private entrance; fine for
■=; renttng^rooms. O'Farrall St., nr. M4son.
'-:6IXTH 121— Newly renovated liouse; 11 rooms;
• : taJlMlght and airy: low 'rent to good perma-
. ;.. .neni.-tenint. SOL :TZ & BROTHER room
A, Crocker building. I '
,' .." rooms, bath, large Karden and stable. 4
.; • :G.olMngWood st. : ';.:
.■•'TWENTY-THIRD.' 27E6, .bet. Hampshire and
. '=•• York Bts.- House of 6 rooms: bath; yard; all
• "..modern conveniences; Tent $16.
. 'fJ6— HOUSE of 5 rooms to let. 460Jes«le st.
■ ,° Vet.' "Fifth and Sixth; water free.
HOUSES TO LET. ,
$IS-SI2— HOUSE of 6 rooms and 1 of 4 rooms; !
■ .3 and 0 Lawrence place, off Fremont St., bet. '
■ Harrison and Bryant; grand view of bay; in |
One order; to small family only.
HOUSES TO — FIRM SHED.
POST, 1352. near Franklin— Furnished 8 rooms
and bath; large RTOunds, lawn, etc.; low
rent on lease or will rent unfurnished If de-
Blrcd. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
NEARLY new, choice location, elegantly fur-
nished. 12-room • residence: Oakland. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market bt.
ELEGANT furnished house complete; 7
rooms, bath; telephone, piano; desirable loca-
tion. . Box 499. Call office.
SMALL furnished house 7 rooms; rent reason-
able. ■ Derby st., off Mason, between Post
and Geary.
LOST AM) FO» VI).
LOST— D.ißcharge paper: ROBE RT^pTcLARK
of Captain W. 11. Gordon's Company A, 18th
U. B. Infantry. : Finder please return the
same to the Red Cross tent and oblige ROB-
ERT P. CLARK.
LOST— Bunch of keys on gold chain; quite a
number of Yale look keys on bunch. A -lib-
eral reward will be paid if returned to room
R, nth floor. Mills building.
BLACK Enffllsh Melt velvet collar overcoat
on 12:30 Btikeley train, September 30. Re-
ward . by returning to Walworth House,
P.erkeloy.
$150 REWARD or full value for return of dia-
mond rir.s; lost Bept 29. Address 711 Van
Ness aye.
LOST— On Tuesday, a bunch of keys. Return
to W. R. GRACE & CO. and receive reward,
LOST— Lady'H gold oval locket Thursday even-
ing about 6 on Devlsadero electric car; valu- j
able on account of photos in locket: $5 reward.
Address ARTHUR A. LOTTO, Press Club,
city.
LOST, from iArkln to McAllister to Halght-st.
car, via Stan st., one solitaire diamond
earring. Liberal reward If returned to MRS.
WM. CRONAN. 17 Baker St.. near Haight.
LOST — San Jose train Friday afternoon,
lady's black purse containing cuff buttons,
pencil, etc.; no questions; $10 reward at The ;
John Film Metal Works. 315 Howard st.
LOST— Satchel containing surgical Instruments;
suitable reward. C. E. FARM M. M.D., 803
Parrott building.
WHITE bull terrier: name Tempo; ears uncut;
reward. 30 California Market. j
MONEY to loan; quick all propositions; small
or large. KI/ITIi, 220 California st., r. 7. |
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly !
Call, 16 rages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid
MASSAGE.
MASSAGE; gentlemen treated at residence. D. j
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny st.: hours, 4 to 5 p.m.
£ MEDICAL.
DR. NILLIE BEIGHLE, in Emma Spreckels
building, &27 Market St.. will close her office I
November 1; will refurnish and open January ,
2; examinations made from 12 until 2 every
• day except Saturday and Sunday during Oc-
tober;' chronic cases, desired.
DRS. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly
-. of 401 Van Ness aye. and I ■- Market St.;
now at 118 Eddy St.. one block from Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
Ji-et St.. het. Mason and Taylor: hours 9 to 5.
M.RS. -ALLE-X. ladies' physician, 22S Van Ness i
aye.. bet" Hayes and Grove; 9 a. nr. to 9 p. m.
i MRS DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; nsul-
j tatlon free.. 542 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
; MRS. ■ DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 510
! Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladies' physician. 1223
Market st.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladles' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases' of the human body. 115 Mason st. :
A" WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. ,
16 rage?. In wrapper, for rnallinsr, Jl per year, i
•■ ■ - - "" I
X .. MIXING AM) ASSAYING.
WANTED by party having excellent oil prop-
erty, Beveral persons ■. [th small capital to I
. organize corporation for development. Box
2371.- Call.
MINES AND MINING.
' FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale
i in a paying pold mine at $1 per share: will
'■ advance to $3 within six months; owner need-
! Ing money badly must sacrifice; purchaser
I may di il with owner direct. W. F. ARAM.
! j Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor, Mills building, S. F. ; tel. Main 544.
W F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 10, Bth
Boor Mills bldg.* S. F. ; tel. Mall M 4.
i^!
MISCELLANEOUS — FOII SALE.
BOILERS, engines,. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back liar., mirrors, sliowrases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR SALE— One 42x14 foot and one 54x16 foot
boiler. Inquire of J. C. BAKER, Sec nd and
Jefferson sts., Oakland, or 330 Market St.,
room 610, San Francisco.
$17— WHITE sewing machine, oak, five drawers,
| almost new; complete. 1815 Mission st.
i FOR sale— A bargain; 3 fine hammerless shot-
puns. Call 415 Emma Spreckels building;
hours. 10-12, 2-4.
2D-HAND doors, lumber. Bash, etc., for sale
cheap; old houses bought, removd. 8 Valencia.
i TWO fine lots, San Luis Oblspo; will exchange
for diamonds. MEYER. 6 Turk St.
$10 SINGER sewing machine; nearly new. 700
Eddy st. ■
FOR Bale— The Edison Dancing Doll; a "won-
derful toy. Apply 449 Bryant st.
6 HORSEPOWER gasoline engine In good con-
dition at a bargain. Box 2390, Call office.
40^FOOT sloop yacht EMMA; complete. C. G.
i TAYLOR, 843 California st.
SMALL stock of ladles' and children's ready-
ma garments. Inquire at 1522 Ellis st.
LAW BOOKS bought anl sold at REUBEN'S,
420 Montgomery st., upstairs.
FOR sale— Fine Fox Terrier pups, 3 months
old. 2154 i 1 ehama st.
NEW $65 sewing machine at half cost. E. A.
I P., 709 Shotwell st.
I DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
i EPSTEIN. 64S Mission, pays good commission.
: 2V4. 3 and 4 h.p. gasoline or gas engines; cheap.
j NEWELL BROS., 117 First st. ' _
' COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
PATENT for sale— A nut-locking device for
vehicles, etc. Apply at 1221 Green st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
FOR Eale— Lot 25x137:6; south Bide of Golden
<Wte aye., bet, Laguna and Octavla Bts.; In-
co:ne $40. Address J. B. FRENCH. NW. cor-
ner of Ellis and Broderick Bts.
I FOR ale- An aluminum bicycle, almost new,
reasonable; leaving city cause of sale. Box i
2000, < all office.
FRESH Fnowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
EnnHsh lire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. It
CHURCH. 307 Bansome Bt., tel. Main 5056.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine. :
SECOND-HAN L> machinery, electrical plies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus; bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES-'-New and second for banks, hants,
I steamers, residences; portable Fafety boxes;
specie chests: bullion -safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 10!MU Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
■ ENGINE CO.. 1309 Mission st.. near Ninth.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-4.1 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, enfflnes. lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 in.; gas cng. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
| DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit, $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. .113 Monttr'm"ry st. '
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
L WANTED— feather beds; highest price.
j Acme Feather Works, general delivery, city.
"WANTED— Use of piano for storage; respond
slbje i arty; no children. C 8., 929 Ellis st.
WANTED— Young 1200-lb. horse for delivery;
must be cheap. Box 1417, Call.
j LADIES', children's cast-off clothing bought,
j sold;- postal. Mrs. Koster. 916 Montgomery ay. '
i 2 DENTAL chairs; must be Al and a bargain, i
Ohio Dental Parlors, inc.. S5O Market st.; |
open evenings and Sundays. 9 to 2.
| WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
| with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
I STONE. Elmhurst.
A— Ladles' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
OLD gold. gold dust, platinum and stiver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as lone as you de-
elre; avoid red tape and publicity ;see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market sL
LAW nnd I^ian Co. (Inc.)— Capital $100,000; loan
v on any kind of security; prosecute or
\ lawsuits in all courts on contingent
counsel; l-'Kal advice free by
mail or at offiVe. 214 Pine Ft., room 64.
LuW'S on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 102S Mission st., abov*
Sixth; tflppbnne South 14.
HIGHLS hie and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
: >west rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Bt.; telephone Main 1644;
19 Third st.
ANY amount of 6 1 * per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
■ BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell St.
PARTIES desirous of borrowing JfiO to $200 on
r business at 8 per cent, address Lender,
1266, Call office.
LOANS on furniture, pianos, Jewelry, stock; low
.1 H EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLI I borrow money on dia-
:-. Jewelry- W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out inrlorspr. MORRELL. 6^9 Examiner bldg.
$f.O TO $50,000: lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRTDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
n: private. LICK, llfi McAllister Bt.
MONET loaned salaried people on their notes
without Irdorser. TOTBLEY. 692, Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. M.. Market at.
HONEY WANTED.
WANTED— S2I,(iOO or less, by responsible par-
ties; good real estate security; Interest R>4
sent; no agents. Address box 909, Call
office. ( i.ikland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
d second-hand uprights upon same easy
■ ■..! and Borne goo! pianos for $3, $4 and
$B per month. SHERMAN CLAY & CO.,
Ptelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
v- is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
I '' Farrell *•.; piancs, organs and
musical instruments of all grades
an.i prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
Ible done to please and satisfy th«
i:.er.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS:
fht; good for practice $115
1 order 160
ISS
i splendid squares from $35 up on $4
payments; no interest.
HEN.' CURTAZI A SON, 16 rvFarrell ft.
righl > Hemrae «.- Long, 1175;
ker & Son, $350; all bargains
al MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
• i pianos at reasonable prices and
terms at MAUVAIS', 789 Market Bt.
CHOU f beautiful Hazelton pianos.
4th & Mkt.
AN elegant right; half price. Room
• i ullding.
way upright sacrificed for cash.
12, Fl od building.
. Installments, $5 75 up;
q sale) Heine, 136 Kills.
BADGER, 112 Sacramento st., agent for
Frai ■ ! Hallett & Davis plani s.
\ Steinway upright cheap.
SCHA! ' AllWter, next Hibernia Bank.
■ piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Markel st.
I tana in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
;• Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bn 210 McAllister Bt.
. Lth.-r pianos. 308
1 Bt St.
V, \\ : ED 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. SOS Post st.
KNAI Ue; new jtyies. KOH-
Farrell st
'.TOR violins, zithers, old nr.ii new. H.
- ■ ■■■ :■ i [''nin plae*.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
a- SUTTER, 717 -Very . i isonable; ap-
■ , li'.ths.
STORE and 3 rooms. 511 Third St.; well lo-
I for French laundry; large yard.
third and Guerrero; 3 rooms
rete cellar; go<>d location for bakory.
MISSION. 2. '27- Store and 3 rooms, suitable for
a laundry; large yard: rent $10.
MARKET, 1517 Part of small store; very rea-
poslta Van Ness aye.
STOR] . 5C monthly. 1638 How-
■
F< 'i: rent or for lease, 953 Howard st., large
store and lnrpp concrete basemen*.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. til 6 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m. ; reading by mail, $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with ■ rease stock hard-
ware business: cleared {6000 In 1 yr. : estab.
over 20 yrs, M. E. M.. Call office, Oakland.
PEUSOXALS.
WANTED— To form the acquaintance of a
you: . ■ aged lady or widow; object,
m . Address box 23.5., Call office.
TIH-: • who on August 31 last took
a trunk out of room 32. 340 Geary st.. would
hlmsel communicate with the
if the building.
FREDRICKA CLODTJIS, n6e~McLINDEN.
iii'ii.N', having left my bed and board.
LTGUST F. CLODtrtS, will not be re-
i-ts contracted by her
I ictober 1, l&»9.
yoi .\i; widow wishes to meet reflrt.;3 gentle-
. object matrimony. Address
Bee.
QUIET lady of EO wishes to meet honest gen-
m; object matrimonoy. Box 2\si, Call.
■ Intonica Hiiir Tonic is not a
hair dye— nourishes the hair and is very bene-
RER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the* popular hairdresser, charges
but 2 ■ hair styles; he uses Schef-
fler's Colorine for dyeing the hair, only ?l 00
to $'/; price 75c b"x. 123 Stockton Bt.
: i girl baby for adoption. MRS. DR
st.. Alameda.
A NEW great discovery for the permanent
removal or superduous hair and a great pro-
gress in medical science, which allows l>.th
men and women to dispense with the painful
electric needle, which is very uiten danger-
ous to use.
Therefore it would be well for any one who
is alllicted with such a disfigurement to call
upon me.
Dr. Popper, ppeciallst for all kinds of dls-
nent on the face, cures freckles, moles,
plmpk-s, biackworms, soars. Also a new meth-
od to cure birthmarks, tan, mot, wrinkles.
Also clears complexion, etc., etc.. and every
la guaranteed by the well-known Dr.
I. pper, who has practiced here in the city for
th>- past 87 years. For any .if these ''us.'s he
will sM-.d treatment to any part of the -coun-
try. DR. V POPPEB, 818 Kearny st., s. F.
FOR the benefit of. ladies who wish to obtain a
thorough knowledge of how to t.ike carp of
MME. MARIE FISHER will hold a
a :■ day afternoon, Oct. 4, at
her parlors, 19 Powell -st. ; this ad. only.
■ I red n> ts, mucous patch-
es In mouth, ulcers and Boree; permanent
I ll Bos l.i, Universal Vltallne Co., Ham-
; Ind.
'. parties wishing to Join a pool to play
the races may address, confidentially, box
497, Call ■
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
Bi Id, cxi ! r<n»fil. SS6 Dupont St., nr. CaL
LOOM to rent, centrally located, to a refined
gentleman. Address box 495, Call office.
MRS.L.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Verlte
Parlors *o 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
RAG carpets wove to < rder and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 70'J Fifth, Oakland.
OSTRICH feathers and feather boas cleaned
and curled at short notice. 821 Ellis St.,
between l'olk st. and Van Ness aye.
MRS. A. L. JONES— CaII immediately MRS.
DR. FTJNOT, 1416 ftlghth St., Alameda.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered
_?2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, 30S Sixth St. '
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace of Art, 16 Post st. Ladles with escorts
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE.
ANNlE— Where did you get your tailor-made
euif.' At the EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.. I
1306 Stockton. I raid for same at %1 per week.
PERSONALS.
INCRUSTATION— Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel. . I
WANTED— Name and address of persons owin? ■
mortgages to Pacific States Building and j
Loan Association, who have paid in on stock
for 6or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBERG, |
632 Market st., S. F., room 28.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Butter St.. Laws a specialty
Ban Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $160 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post st.
MME LOUJSE'S manicure parlor has removed
frcm O'Farrell to 132 Eddy et.
FRINGES' of all kinds at ETTINGER'S. 723
Market St. . ■ . . . .
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 238 Kearny St., first floor, rooms 2-3.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. £38 Market st. ■
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair socialists, crow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no-knlfe; no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. PowpH & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Gear:" st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.'
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1021V4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— In Western Addition, flat property
not to exceed $10,000: principals only. X. Y.
7... 305 Sansome st.
HOUSE and lot wanted; warm location; near
cars. GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE — — FOR SALE.
McAFEE BROS.,
108 MONTGOMERY ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
PANHANDLE REfc-DENCE.
On Clayton st., near Page; house of 11 rooms;
lot 26x112:6; owner anxious to sell; price $7000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Magnificent home of 15 rooms in Pacific
Heights: marine view; lot 45x107:8; completely
furnished; price $r>3,<X>o.
RENTS $85— PRICE $5750.
Three fine flats in the Panhandle District; al- |
ways rented; lot 25x137:6.
WEBSTER ST., NEAR CALIFORNIA.
A good home of 7 rooms and bath; very sun-
ny; price only $5500.
LOTS IN PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Five beautiful lots in Pacific Heights, com-
manding marine view; will be sold at a grand
bargain; send for plat; also Presidio Heights
lots at low prices.
MISSION WARM BELT.
Beet location; good two-Story house of 8 rooms
in Al condition; Bunny side of street; price I
$4250.
MISSION LOTS.
Guerrero, Dolores and Liberty street lots,
from $75 to fjO per front foot; send for plat.
MINNA STREET— S47SO.
Three fine flats on Minna, near Ninth; rented
for $47 monthly; a good buy.
ONLY $1750— MISSION COTTAGE.
Cottage and basement flat; sunny side of
street; very cheap.
TWENTY-FOURTH STREET LOT.
On electric car line; lot 25:10x114; only $600;
a snap.
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS., \
10S Montgomery street, Ban Francisco.
AT A. M. SPECK * CO.'S,
In the Examiner building,
GOOD INVESTMENTS.
$160 000— Grand investment within block of Call
bldg.; lot 210x70 ft.; one tenant; rents $SOOO.
$75.000— Grand Investment; 255x37 ft.; rents
$350; near Ferry; cost $103,000.
$140,000— stone, brick and Iron building;
rents 110,000 per annum; guaranteed lease; 8
years' lease.
$40,000— Grand Investment; vicinity of Mason
Bt.; rents $402.
$30.000— Stores and 12 flats; rents $300; lot 50x
165 ft.
$25,000 — Grand Investment; block from Stock-
ton and Market; lot 33x137; old Improvements: '
I .'>.- 5 per cent net; If improved will pay 10 per ;
cent.
$14.000— Geary St., near Mason; store and lodg-
ing-house.
$lS.ooo— First St.; 87-foot front; 2 fronts; near
Mission.
$12,000— Mason St., not far from Geary st.; 35
foot front.
$14,000—3 elegant flats of 9 rooms each; rents
$115; salt water); near Geary St., donwtown.
— New flats; very fine; rents $95.
$10.000— Ninth St., near Mission; business.
$Ssoo— Market st. flats; lot 30 feet front; a
snap.
||500 — Stockton St.; rents $70: lease 10 years. i
$»ono— California et. ; 3 flats: rents $45.
$4750— Turk St.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from $6500; large lot.
$1750 — Cozy 7-room house; lot 25x100 ft.; nice
grounds; rent $16 50.
' $2000—2 flats; rents $18.
$750— new cottage; large lot, used for
chickens and vegetables.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.S 667
Market st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $800— Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build
on; $25 down, $10 monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye.. near H Bt. Every-
day and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lots, $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots. $5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Mission st. and Ocean View lots.
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st. . .
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts. ; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$2800— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 50x
137:6 feet.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.
near Webster St.; lot 30x127:5V« feet.
REAL ESTATE SAVINGS HANK
FOR YOUR CHILDREN!
A GRAND AND NOVEL OPPORTUNITY!
150 choice lots, 25x125, in the Alvin Tract,
near Elmhurst railroad station, Alameda
• County, 45 minutes from San Francisco. Price
$125. No Interest; no taxes. Set apart for
sale on installment payments of
25 CENTS PER WEEK.
PASS BOOKS GIVEN.
Also 10 lots near Golden Gate Park; price
$200; same terms. For further particulars,
call on
JACOB HEYMAN, owner, 19 Montgomery at.
HAVE you got $300 for a home? That is all it
will cost you for a five-room and bath cot-
tage on Douglass st. ; the balance due you
can pay off with your rent money which you
previously paid to the landlord.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery et.
HAVE you got $150 for a home? That is all it
will cost you for a new four-room and bath
cottage on Courtland aye. ; balance due pay
off with your rent money; streets graded.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st.
HEALTH resort, Sunset Beach, near boule-
vard; lots for sale; cottages rented for $5
a month.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st.
$30.000— BUSINESS ■ property upon McAllister
Bt., near Market; income $110 per month; on
line of business advancement. J. S. JOHN-
SON, 972 Broadway, Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL lot north of Park; Twen-
tieth aye. ; 325 feet south of Point Lobos;
easy terms. W. J. HERRIN, 324 Pine st.
FOR sale— s4so: house and 2 lots, 234 Montana
St., Ocean View. Inquire OH AS FISHER.
624 Market St., or MR. PETERSON on prem-
ises.
FOR sale— House of 10 rooms, suitable for 2
families; lot 26x110; on Thirteenth st., in West
Oakland; price $1700; cheaper for cash; offer
wanted: going East the cause. For- particu-
lars apply to WM. CHRISTIN, Real Estate
Agent, 1759 Seventh St., West Oakland.
IF you have lota north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
| call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUSINESS.
$45,000 — Sansome st. corner; 4-story brick
building, covering entire lot; a short distance
from Market St.; 50x90, with 2 L's; rents $3600
per annum.
$15,300- Price greatly reduced; corner on How-
ard st.; 2 stores with living rooms and 4 flats
of 7 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent $1080 per
annum; brick foundation, etc; large lot, 35x
122:6; $10,000 can remain at 6V4 per cent per an-
num; owner going to Germany to live.
$12,600— Sacramento St.; brick building; rented
for $1140 per annum; lot 30x85 and 15x52:6.
$8500— Fourth st. business property; to close an
estate; improvements and lot, 25x85; rents $7SO
per annum.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
$14,500—4 elegant modern flats; rents $1320 per
annum; 50x100; McAllister Ft.
$12.000— A splendid investment; rents $1260 per
annum; 5 substantial 2-story and basement
houses of 7 rooms and bath each; corner on
Powell St.; 37:6x77:6.
$9000— Rents $564 per annum; 4 substantial,
nearly new flats on Webster st.; lot 33x52:6.
(8000— Mission warm belt; rents $900 per an-
num; four fine new modern flats and cottage;
Capp St.; 40x115 to an alley.
$6750 — One-half cash; 3 nice new flats on Page
St.; 6, 5 and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $63u
per annum; 25x95.
$6000— Rents $696 per annum; near Post and
Taylor sts.; 3 substantial modern flats; brick
foundation, etc., and lot.
$4000— Bargain; Mission warm belt; rents $360
per annum; 3 fine modern flats and stable; brick
foundation, etc.; 25x112:6 to an alley.
$2fo0 — Richmond bargain; rents $342 per an-
num; 4 flats; 25x120.
$2500— Southslde barealn; store and 3 flats;
rents $360 per annum; improvements nearly
new; 25xS0.
$1600— Two flats; very cheap; near Leaven-
worth and Broadway; rents $216 per annum; 5
and 4 rooms ard lot.
RESIDENCES.
$9000— Pacific Heights; grand marine view;
elegant modern residence of 12 rooms and 2
baths; 27:6x137:6.
$6rnn.--Opposite Alta Plaza square; a real bar-
gain; an elegant residence of 8 rooms and bath;
modern and in first-class condition; nearly new.
$4750— A bargain; to close an estate; rents $420 i
per annum; substantial house of 6 rooms and
bath; Geary St.; 25:11x120; 2 frontages.
$4600— Broadway-Pacific Heights; 2-story bay-
window residence of 6 rooms and bath; 25x
133:5; bargain.
LOTS.
On very easy terms; we are offering the lots
nt Waller and Stelner sts. of the German Sav-
ings and I^oan Society; street work done: com-
plete lots ready to build on: terms >4 cash, bal-
ance 7 per cent; only a few left.
Choice building lots: very cheap; 10 sold, $1250
and upward; Noe, 14th and Henry sts., one
block from Market st. ; 25x115 each: level on!
grade and ready for building; offered at very
low prices, and being so nicwly located are sell-
Ing rapidly.
Installment lots $SOO ench and upward: Rich-
lots, 10th aye., C and J) sts., adjacent to
the Park; 25x120; $50 cash, $10 per month; Inter-
est 7 per cent.
Choice list of building lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of pur "Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a' list of properties lor
sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery Bt.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT
RESIDEN. k AND UNIMPROVED PROP-
ERTY
AT SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY ST
itONDAY, OCTOBER 9. 1899.
At 12 o'clock noon.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
P3. r , and re*, Guerrero St., near Twenty-sec- i
ond; 2 flats of 5 and 4 rooms an.l hath each-
rents $34; street accepted; lot 24xl<V,.
NORTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1411-13 and 15 Bush St.. near Polk; 3 bny-
w houses of 7 and 10 rooms, bath each;
brii k foundation; rear portion of lot facing
Fern aye. Is vacant, and If Improved wltii
I small tenements 'which rent readily) would
pay handsomely; rents at present $97; mort-
gage of $6500 at 6Vi per cent can remain; lot
55x120.
CORNER IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
SE. cor. Drumm and Commercial Ets. ; 2
I stores and dwelling; rents $85; old improve-
ments; lot 30x75 irregular; 1 block from Mar-
ket st. and ferries.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
225 Scott st.. W. line 112:6 feet N. of Haight;
bay-window house of S rooms and bath; fin-
lshed basement; brick foundation; cement
walk; street accepted; lot 25x100.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. RESIDENCE.
1509 Golden Gate aye., S. line 110 feet W.
of Pierce; bay-window house of 9 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; cement walk; street
8 ■ pted; lot 25x110.
FLATS FACING THE PARK.
E33 and 535 Frederick st., S. line 155 feet E.
of Wlllanl: 2 bay-window fiats. 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; stable in rear; brick founda-
tion; cement walk, etc.; rent $45; lot 25x137:6;
mortgage of $2500 at 6% per cent can remain.
BY ORDER OF HIBERNIA BANK.
413 Twenty-seventh St., S. line 151 feet W.
of Church; cottage of 4 rooms and bath; rent
I $10; loi 22x105.
BY ORDER OF HIBERNIA BANK.
426 Twenty-seventh St., N. side 245 feet W.
of Church; bay-window cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; lot 25x111.
SIX BUILDING LOTS.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
S. side Twenty-seventh st., bet. Sanchez and
Noe sts., as a whole or in subdivisions.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers.,
14 Montgomery st.
FOR RALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
J NW. corner; finest view of bay and
Prx Idio in the city; NW. Larkin and Chest-
nut; cnlifornia and Hyde st. cars in one block;
L4< 6x139:6; will subdivide; easy terms.
Modern house. GouKh st.. 8 rooms and
finished attic and basement, tiling, etc.; view
o; bay.
$7500 — Washington St.. near Scott; modern; 2-
story; 9 rooms; charming home; a park near by.
S7.~">-Scott St., near Union; fine bay view; 8
ro.,ms and attic; new and artistic.
■ ttage in warm belt of Mission; 5
rooms and bath; high basement; a bargain.
$3250— Flats; Hartford St.. near Castro and
Nineteenth; 4 and 5 rooms ami bath; rents
$330 per anmira.,
$4250 -Howard st.. near Eighteenth; 8 rooms
and bath; can be altered to flats and pay good
Interest.
o— Stores and flats; Devisadero st. : 75-
-foi ! front; paying 6 per cent net; central and
improving in value for business.
$ 16, 500— Leaven worth st., near California; 3
houses; rents $1620 p^r annum; easy terms.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Hank.
| I each— Two beautiful houses on Scott St.;
marine view, etc.
-Fine residence on Fulton St., near Fill-
more; 10 rooms, etc.; lot 27:«xl3fi; only $1000
cash, balance on easy terms.
; $3750— Rent $35; Brannan St., near Third; store
and room? above; lot 25x75.
! $is, soo— Rent $150; corner; 6 flats of 7 and s
I rooms and bath each; Sacramento and Scott
s?u . : a first-rate investment.
$30.000— Rent $3000 per annum; fine, centrally
located property^ stores and Bats.
: i— Reduced again from $4500; an extraor-
dinary bareain on Fulton st.. near Franklin;
; only 3 blocks from City Hall and near Market
t . s 2-Story house, stable and garden; lot -7:i>.\
I 137:6: worth $6500, but must be sold.
Fine residence on Devlaadero Bt., near
i Fell : 9 rooms: modern improvements": 25x112:6.
■ Kent J47: a splendid investment, on
I Geary St.; 3-story house; store and 2 flats, 5
rooms and bath each.
i J2r..o<X>— Reduced from $34,000; rent $287; Lar-
kin st., south of Geary; stores .-md flats; a
dead bargain.
$3850— Rent $45; Webster St., near Washing-
ton; a fine double flat, 6 rooms and bath each.
SAN FRANCISCO
SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
You missed it on some of them we sold last
week.
Don't be behind this week if any of these
j suit you.
I $800— $10 per month: 5 rooms: bath; new and
first class In every respect; at Sunnyside.
$1000 — $12 50 per month: same locality and size,
but has basement and larger lot.
THE HOME BUILDING CO.,
Room 2, 222 Sansome s-t., S. F., after 12 m.
FOR sale— At a decided bargain; first-class
tenement property; in good order; excellent
downtown location and good investment;
must sell immediately; on Clara St., between
4th and sth: price $4000; rents $35; lots 22 11-12
x 75. Apply room 7. 508 California st.
$50"— TWO lots. Nos. 379-3 SI Gift Map No. 2.
W. J. HERRIN, 324 Pine St.
FOR sale cheap— House and lot; easy terms.
Ifi3s De Haro Ft.
TWO elesrant bouses on Soott St.. near Cali-
fornia; cheap. J. H. CARSE, 11 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE CITY — SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
v' ■«' ' 10 Montgomery Street.
$2250— Terms, $300 cash, balance same as rent;
Eureka St., near Nineteenth; new cottage of 5
rooms, bath and all modern conveniences.
A PICK-UP.
$5150— Broderick st., near Sutter; 2-story resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; also stable; extra
large let, 50x90; room for another building.
$4500— Leavenworth St., near California; two-
story residence, 7 rooms and bath; lot with
two fronta_es. • • • '■ ■ -
$4000 — Guerrero st., near Twenty-second; rent
$37; 2 flats. 4 and 5 rooms each; best residence
location in the Mission.
$7200— Large corner lot on California St.; rent
$6tS; 4 new flats: Improvements modern and
good.
$3000— Bryant St., between Ninth and Tenth;
2 H.it.-< of 4 and 5 rooms and bath, each; rent
$24; lot 25x85.
$7000— Rent $60; Clara st,, within a few feet
of Sixth; large lot, 45xj>0; improvements con-
sist of flats all rented; this is a splendid rent-
ing locality.
$7000— Howard st., near Seventeenth: extra
large lot, 62:6x52; double house, 7 rooms and
bath each; rent $65; fine Investment; also house
of 9 rooms and bath; must be sold to close an
estate.
$5500 — Mason St., near Washington; large lot,
40x70 to alley; good improvements; rented for
$43 30: good big bargain.
$10,000— Jackson st., east of Leavenworth; 4
modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each:
all latest conveniences; rented for $85 per
month; extra lar^e lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
INVESTMENT
PROPERTIES.
$7250— A good speculation; 2 modern flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 2Sxl00; on the busi-
ness portion of Devisadero st. ; building should
be raised and store built under; would pay.
$11,500 — Worth $15,000; Lacuna st., near
Golden Gate aye., frontlnc Jefferson square;
3-story bay-window house, containing 3 flats of
7, 7 and 8 rooms and bath; large lot; rents $95.
$4650— Golden Gate aye:. near Lyon St.; 2
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rent $40;
lot 25x100. - • ;
OFFER.
$4000— Castro St., near Eighteenth: lot 25x
125; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rent
$29.
Clementina St., near Fifth: lot 25x76;
rent $44; improvements consist of three flats of
5. 5 and fi rooms.
$17.000— Rent $150; good substantial brick
building; extra large lot, 50:9x137:6; on Mont-
gomery st.: largo mortgage can remain; a fine
investment; must be sold.
$S2so— Rent $79; Central aye., near Haight St.;
3 modern flats, Just completed, containing 6
rooms and bath each; on sunny side of street;
lot 25x112:6; a good buy.
$5900— Worth $7000; Ashbury St., close to
the Park Panhandle; 2 handsome flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath each; also unfinished flat;
lot 25x106; rent $55.
$4750 — Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each, in Park Panhandle district: street ac-
cepted; rent $40: always rented. ■ ..
$S7so— Rent $S5; 3 new flats, fronting the
Park Panhandle: lot 25x137:6; all rented: a
fine Investment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SELLING FAST.
SELLING FAST.
A splendid start has been made in the selling
and development of the block facing Golden
Gate Park and recently subdivided. Already
a number of lots have been sold to parties,
some of whom intend to erect at once homes
that will be a decided improvement; lots front
on the Park, 18th aye. and 19th aye. boulevard.
There is no reason why lots' in this block
should not prove good Investments. The prices
are very low. They are grand building lots,
right on the Park, near Stow Lake and the
new music stand; level: streets traded and
macadamized; water pipes laid. Cars pass
the property. Every convenience, including gas
and electric lights.
PRICES $500 UPWARDS.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
Interest only 8 per cent on unpaid balance.
See them at once. Go to-day. Take- blue car
on Eddy St. or Halght-st. cars and transfer,
get off at H st. and Ninth aye. We have a.
branch office on the corner, open daily (Sun-
days included). Price lists, etc., on applica-
tion. . BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established ISSB.
Downtown investment — First block on Ellis
st. ;. will pay 7 per cent.
$IS, ooo— Ellis st., near Hyde; large stable; lot
45:9x137:6.
Brick Battery-st. business corner,
near Market St.; in center of wholesale dis-
trict; apply for particulars.
$3000— Tenements; rents $23; Minna St.. near
Fourteenth; 25x80.
$12,000— st, between First and Sec-
ond; a nice downtown business property. •
$5000 — Baker St., near Sacramento; eight
: rooms and bath. In perfect order; 25:6x103:6.
', $3000— Minna, near 14th; flats; rents $23; lot
25xS0.
$5000— Clementina st, near Fifth; two houses;
store and flats; rents $55 per month; 25xS0.
! $10.000 — Large residence and lot; Oak st., near
\ Octavia; 44x120 to rear street; has . a great
prospective value.
$3700 — Twenty-seventh st., near Dolores; 11
rooms, 2 baths; lot 25x114.
■ Belvedere st., near Waller; 2 new flats;
expensively built; rents $47 50; lot 25x120.
$5500 — Rents $55 per month; Shotwell vt.
corner: store and flats; lot 35x90. ■
: • $2500— Sheridan, • near 10th and Harrison;
flats, well rented: lot 25x100.
i $3000 — Glover st., near Jones and Broadway;
! two flats; rents $24; lot 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE,
: 626 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
35x137:6— Hayes st., near Flllmore ; 3 flats;
rent $90; $13,500.
38:9x137:9— Union st., near Dupont; 2-story
brick building; rents $66 50; $8500.
j 20x68:9 to rear st.— Union st., near Dupont;
: 3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $64 60; $8000.
50x75 — Natoma, near Sth; 6 tenements; rents
1 $<!rt; $7500.
j 25xS0— Fourth St., near Harrison; store and
; fiat: $6SO0; sale urgent.
! 46x50— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
! houses; rents $54: $6250.
i 112 : 6x37 :6x57:6— C0r. Kearny and Greenwich;
10 2-story houses; rents $80; $6000.
I 25x100— Pacific aye., near Polk; 2 flats and
I rear house; rents $45; $5000.
I 22x68:9— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
i rooms and hath; $4500.
I 24:3x69:9— Green St., near Powell: new mod-
ern bay-window flats; rents $38; $4500.
22:6x120 — rear street; Union, near Jones; 2
flats: rents $24; $2500. ■
I 20x120 to rear street— Cor. Green and West
i End; old improvements; $2500.
i 25x100— Lyon, near Geary; cottage: $2250.
I 22:11x65:9— 230 Francisco st., near Stockton; 2-
i story house and large basement; $2000.
! — Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house;
I rents $24; $1700.
UNIMPROVED.
| 25x100— Florida st., north of 18th; adjoining
. Union Brewery; offer wanted.
25x110— Scott St., near Washington; $3750.
80x71:10— SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
37 :4*4x137:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
25x100— Valencia, bet. 13th and !4th: 4 lots.
260x125 — NW. cor. Fountain and 25th.
j 25x137:6— 5. Frederick, west of Cole.
' CHOICE business and residence properties,
1 with prices that cannot be beaten.
! $2800 each— Lots: Howard St., bet. Eighteenth
and Nineteenth: warm belt; 25x100.
, Corner Howard and Eighteenth sts. ; 25
xIOO
$1250— Eighteenth St.. near Howard; 22:6x100.
i $5750— Substantial residence' of 10 rooms, bath;
lot 30x100; patent sidewalk and streets
accepted on above.
$6750— Corner Capp and Eighteenth sts.; house
of 10 rooms, 2 baths; lot 40x122:6; corner
portion being vacant.
$9000— Mission st , near Twenty-first: business
location; large lot, Goxl22:C.
W. H. CRIM & CO., US Montgomery st.
BIG lot; 2-story 6-room house; choice place in
I Alameda; $2000, of which only $300 cash is
j needed.
Broderick st. ; stylish 8-room cottage and big
I lot; price $3000; part cash.
I Choice lot; Oak St., fronting park; $2500.
i Lot 75x105 In Frultvale, 'with handsome cot-
I tage, on high ground; only $I*loo.
Corner lot on Stanyan st. ; $1500.
McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery st.
i $1500— WORTH $2500; a great bargain; must be
1 sold In 5 days; corner of Tenth aye. and
' Point Lobos; both streets in order. McEWEN
! BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$15 A MONTH, including interest: 4 rooms and
bath and corner lot: 1 block from Twenty-
; second-st. cars: price $1350; a bargain. OS-
CAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
'
I $4300— downtown 9-room home; brick
foundation; large lot 37:6x50; splendid view;
i healthy location; bank mortgage $2300. Box
! 2308, Call office. .
i $2r>OO— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath: 25x117:6; en-
• trance on 2 streets. 1012 Church st.
i PROPERTY redeemed; money advanced for
I Improvements; sale guaranteed In 10 days;
! cash offer In -24 hours; no expense; no delay.
P. A. DOLAN, 636 Market st.
$4000 — LOMBARD st. ; lot 50x90; house of 9
j. rooms and bath; brick foundation; a bargain.
I Apply 460 Montgomery aye.
< $2000 $2000 $2000 $2000
FOR SALE— FOR SALE.
- ON
EASY TERMS— SAME AS RENT.
NEW MODERN HOMES.
. ■ - JUST COMPLETED.
SIX ROOMS, BATHS AND BASEMENTS.
ON.
VERMONT AND KANSAS STS., NR. 18TH.
GO SEE THEM.
OUR REPRESENTATIVE ON PREMISES.
CENTER & SPADER, 11 Montgomery st.
•FOUR-ROOM lay-window cottage; also stable;
i a bargain. 1429 Shotwell st. d
REAL ESTATE — CITY — SALE.
EASTON, BLDRIDGE & CO. - ■
- ■ INVESTMENTS UNDER $2000.
$1,600— and a half blocks from Third and
Market sts., 2-story house; 7 rooms.
$1,600— Third and Harrison sts.; lot 20x
SO"; front and rear; cottage rents $17.
$I,7oo— Near Bryant and Ninth sts.; 4 flats.
. 8 rooms each; rents $27; lot 25xD5; all
- rented. -'•:. "..
$I,9oo— Near Powell and Jackson sts.; 2 nice
flats of 4 rooms; each rents $1S; lot
20x60. ■■'.•-..
$I,9oo— One and a half blocks from the new
postofflce; 3 flats of 3 and 4 rooms;
each rents $21; lot 25x75. .
HOMES UNDER $2000.
Twenty-eighth St.. near Dolores; lot 23x
114; nice appearing cottage; 4 rooms;
; SSOO bank mortgage. ..;«:■
$1,500 — Near Seventeenth and Noe sts.; lot 25x
114; cottage 5 rooms and bath: in good
condition; bank mortgage of $1300.
$I,Boo— Near Sixth and Bryant sts.; lot 25x80;
' nice house of 6 rooms and 8-foot base-
ment.
$l,SoO— Douglas, near Twentieth; lot 25x125;
hou« 8 rooms and bath: 1 year old.
$2,ooo— Half block from new postoffice; lot 2oX
75; cottage of 7 rooms.
WESTERN ADDITION HOMES;
■ $2,3oo— Near Scott and Golden Gate aye.; lot
2'\'.<": cottage of 6 rooms and bath and
basement.
$6,500 — A northwest corner on best block on
Pine St.; lot 27:6x57:6; house 6 rooms
and bath and stable; in good, condi-
tion. ■
$3,000— Near Page and Broderlck sts.: elegant
house 10 rooms and bath and laundry
and basement: lot 30x137:6.
$B,2so— Baker St.. near Panhandle; elegant
house 14 rooms and bath and basement;
hard finished throughout.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$5.000— almost new flats on Golden Gate
avenue, near Lyon st. ; every modern
Improvement; lot 25x100.
$B,ooo— McAllister St.. near Pierce: 2 elegant
flats of 7 and 10 rooms and bath; every
modern improvement.
$10,000— Grove st., near Laguna; 2 frontages; 3
flats on one street, ■ 4 on other; rents
$102.
EXCEPTIONALLY CHEAP LOTS.
Haight St., near Park Panhandle; will
exchange for improved property and
pay difference In can,.
$2,ooo— Baker st., near Golden Gate aye.: lot
25x96:6.
$1,500— Golden' Gate aye., near Lyon st. ; lot
25x114; north side.
South side Clipper St., near Noe; lot
26x114.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further par-
ticulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
BUSINESS SNAP.
$6500— 54500 mortgage can remain at 6 per cent;
100 feet from transfer point; large room-
Ing house (almost new) of 30 sunny
.rooms, bath, laundry, large dining
room, etc.; will pay 15 per cent on In-
vestment: lot 43:6x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRTDGE & CO.,
S3S Market st.
NEW HOMES i'VV'U
Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts.. from $3100
to $45C0: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON, Builder. ■
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va
lencia st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
$3500— NEW modern residence, Oakland: will
take half in unimproved land, balance easy
terms.
$2400— acres on tide water, In town limit.",
35 miles from city; exchange for cottage in
Alameda or Oakland.
$1750—3 acres with new modern cottage,
barn, etc; Just the place for chickens; 10
miles from Oakland; $250 cash, balance in an-
nual installments, or would exchange for Oak-
land cottage.
$340— 2>4 acres near Menlo; $100 cash, balance
in three years. . W. G. GRIFFITH.
Room 311, Hearst building.
$3500; WORTH $7000. '
Lot 100x200, corner San Leandro road and
Rose St., In Fltchbure; new buildine. con-
taining store, saloon, 7 rooms, all Improve-
ments; in perfect order; fine garden; stable
and warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant
roadside resort; must be sold; account sick-
ness of owner. Apply on premises to C.
CLUNDT; San Leandro electric car passes
door; also branch office Call, Oakland.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lauds in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27. Sth floor. Mills bldg., S. F.
HUMBOLDT Co.— Dairy farms for sale; red-
wood, grazing lands. G. H. Burchard, Arcata.
WANTED— Ranch on shares; will furnish cash.
H., 102H Sixth st.
$3000 FOR 200 acres best bottom land; all
fenced; 5000 fruit trees. Write for particulars
to F. O. box 321. Redding. Cal.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
PARTY wishes to buy lot and small house; $20
monthly installments. Address, stating par-
tlculars. box 2377. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co., 426 Kearny.
DOLORES. 382 — $9; four rooms furnished for
housekeeping for grown people; sunny; nice
cook stove. ,
EDDY, 915—3 unfur. or furnished rooms, newly
: elegantly papered; private res.; fine location.
EDDY, 153S— Four sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms: rent $17.
EIGHTH, 348, nr. Market— sunny double front
parlors, with kitchen and bathroom, furnished
for housekeeping; private family.
ELLIS, 618 — Connecting sunny front rooms: gas
stove: complete; other rooms. Apply Mon-
day 2 to 4.
ELLIS, 1338 — 3 to 5 unfurnished rooms In mod-
ern sunny flat; all conveniences: cheap.
FIFTH. 309— New corner house: sunny bay-win-
dow room, with kitchen; other rooms; reas.
FOLSOM, E23— Parlor floor, three large rooms,
complete for housekeeping; all conveniences;
no children.
FOLSOM, 1036^—2 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; top flat.
GEARY. — Nice sunny suites for housekeep-
ing: double and single rooms; phone.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 437— Lower flat; 4
room?, elegantly furnished; also single rooms.
HARRISON, 736— Fine sunny furnished flat of
throe or four rooms for housekeeping; gas,
bath. Call 2 to 5 afternoons.
HOWARD, 737*4— Front suite complete for
housekeeping; also suitable for two or more
gentlemen.
HOWARD, 829— Housekeeping rooms. $1 73 to $3
per week; also other rooms.
HOWARD. 1018— Suite of housekeeping rooms:
also single, suitable for dressmaker or tailor.
HOWARD, 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
keeping; running water.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason — Large furnished
housekeeping rooms, $S: single $4.
JONES, 114— Two rooms, complete for house-
keeping; ground floor: $15.
JULIAN aye., 192, corner Sixteenth — Two neat-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms, $10.
LARKIN, — Large sunny 'corner suite, with
kitchen; complete for house'rft>eping.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny back room, neatly
furnished; one or two persons, 16 50; sunny
small room, $4: light housekeeping.
MCALLISTER,, 1131— Furnished parlor, bed-
room, dining-room, kitchen: bath: no children.
MINNA, 28— Housekeeping and furnished
rooms; $1 a week and up.
MINNA, 514—2 furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. -^
MISSION, 561— Sunny bedroom and kitchen;
furnished; cheap. •
MISSION, 1729V4, near Thirteenth— Two or
three sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath, laundry; $8 and $10. .
NATOMA, Furnished rooms to let: $1.
$1 2.".. $1 50; housekeeping rooms, $2 50.
NINTH. 113—2 large sunny front rooms for
housekeeping: running water and bath; also
■ 1 single room; reasonable.
I OCTAVIA. 1403,' corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, mantel, kitchen, gas stove; $13.
' STOCKTON. 1307— Nicely furnished rooms for
i housekeeping; rent cheap. - :
i TENTH, 136, corner Minna— basement
housekeeping room;' also single.
THIRD, 316— Nice parlor bay-window suite for
housekeeping.
THIRD. : — 2 nice rooms; sunny; suitable for
housekeeping.
THIRTEENTH, 329. near Valencia— Sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room; also single room;
rent $7 and $4.
Classified Advertisements Continued
on Page Eighteen.
1718
ROOMS FOR noisK.Ki:r.ri>G. !
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely famished" sunny :
. -ffultrs for housekeeping: also gincie. rooms.-
Ay KHSTER. 711— Two or three unfurnished !
!,rnoms to let: modern Improvements. I
•A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and 1
v-jiubscrlptiops has been established at 10^6 Va- |
■ Ulencia if. ■ j
cFn:\PEST .-r:Xl>est in America— Weekly
. i all. 16 pases, sent to any '•■?* in the i
•:•-. Vf-.ited StatfF - Canada one year for $1.
: ." ,t'> str.ee rß'.d. . y . .'.
Iln.fis TO LET — Fum. and Infnrn. [
. NEWICK HOUSE! MS Sixth i — Rooms.
-. i;c ; ;osl per night; Jl ::> to $5 per week, and
■' U&ljt housekeeping; open all night. ■__
A/imANCH office tor. Call advertisements and
■•• firtjSertpUons has. been established at 1096 \ a-
!:..i?r.cla Bt.;; ' '
"AT : • Hotel -Francisco, Turk ana Taylor sts.—
j- # Bjsfl)elike 1 house;- .-modern service; elevator;
;.-"b»th"; rooms 50c. t0 <l 50 day. MRS.r J.yKIN O.
:A-Si;TTEn. 717. and SSl^Sunny: reasonable;
■•■ fepUreciajted .if seen: please.' Investigate:-! Baths.
'ATf'SStSecondisC: "iouMe rooms for week; $1 50
:'.;,: jr. ".single, .jl.ttf 11 50; day. ■ 25c to J^c.__
lilHi-'H' av«*-. .;;■— 'J nico'y 'furnished rooms .With
• .'-.b.-fi-ti. /Kin f1.50.1" &IC>J>*T week.
iil'ViNi;- ■■•:' 14J8' Market, (Old No. 1364)— Fur-
oWtW. rros,;. suites, Isinglej also unfurnished.
'HfepWJ ; -7:t 'FiirnitJied sunny front, room for
- (ientliinari at $7 pe.r| month;; private.
CARROLT.ON.' 12WV Xjarket. car. Golden Gate
:':. ave'. --.Sunny -comer; well turn. rms. & offices.
gT-ARaT 4T n7 Fourth-Sunny furnished front
;• 'rooni: private family. _^ '
£DDY.*;l23.' (United States. Hotel)— Clean, neat
■ rooms: $1 BO.week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY. 305— Nicely turn, housekeeping rooms;
-. also front parlor; other lodging rooms.
EDDY, 330— Newly furnished sunny rooms In
i' neat private house; modern conveniences.
KIGHTH. 104, near Market— Nice sunny bed-
■ room and kitchen.
ELLIS S2l~<Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, 25c j
a night, $1 a we-k up: reading room.
ELLIS BlS— Fine large sunny rooms; newly
furnished; gas; bath; running water: $:• up.
EXCELsToR House. 39 Turk. cor. Taylor— New
Uiangt.: sunny (runt bay-wind, rm : trans'nt.
FELL. llS— Newly furnished double and single i
rooms: sunny; private.
FIFTH, ."?— Sunny bay-window furnished room, j
running water, ■; $9; aJso single rooins^
FIFTH. 322-$ l week: large sunny single fur-
nished room; closet; bath; private.
FIFTH. ■'•"■ Furnished room? double and sln-
gl», $5 to $7; store with housekeeping, $15.
FRANKLIN. 227— Newly furnished room; gas;
lath; private family; gentlemen; $7.
GEARY, 14A— Handsomely furnished suite; |
also singlo rooms; reasonable; transient. |
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable turn. I
rooms: travelers accommodated. M RS. HYER. j
GEARY, 441 ithe Harvey)— Nicely turn, rms.;
bath, running water: thoroughly respectable.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh j
ay.i Mission -Sunny ™is, en suite or I
flngie; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator. |
HANCOCK House; 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming hcu?e; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 7S4Vfe— Nicely furnished Bunny
.r:-oms;all conveniences; homelike; $1 week up.
HARRISON, 786 - Unfurnished 2 sunny rooms
• and bath in a private family; J^^^
HAVES, <3C— Large sunny dt/üb!e newly fur-
:• • I
HOYVARD. 715— 200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
• rushed; every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD. 1130 V»— Newly furnished rooms for ,
gehtlemen ; or light housekeeping permitted, i
>i, ,\v/ 1522— Lovely front sunny room; bay |
• window- very reasonable; othfr rooms. j
IiUGHES HOUSE 214 Third— Newly renovated; ■
■ Jsc to 50c per night: $L 50 to $3 per week.
IF you wish to stop at a reasonablo, quiet and i
respectable rooming house, try 52 Second St.
JESSIE. 3Bs— Front room and kitchen; also
. other room 3 . '
REAR: 104— Front suite 2 unfurnished
II :
■LEWIS, IS. off Taylor, near Post— 2 unfur-
. fiishrd rms.; large closets; $S; also 1 room.sJ.
MAIN. 311— Nicely' furnished sunny rooms for
; gentlemen, from $4 up per month.
MCALLISTER. 702' i— Sunny furnished or un- |
-.fnrnished rooms to rent, en suite or single;
;: rim-ate family. _r. -, .- .
MINNA. Gt!7. corner Kighth— Newly furnished
■briy- window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, -'.»21'i— 2 nicely furnished rooms in
.a . neat, private family.
MISSION. 113".— Nicely furnished front room.
..Miitable for gentlemen: S7. .
IM4. near th— Sunny single
' front room; private family: central; $125 wk.
XATiima, 446 Sunny front room. 55 per month; '
private family: nicely furnished.
"NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market Large
bay-win, Tins, and single. $."> up; also hskpg.
S'INTH. 2A near Market— Front window
"pulte; housekeeping or not; gas; water; $11.
OAK. r.s.S — Nicely furnished sunny •':• nt roum;
: l : >ri\vite family: gas. bath; S6 month.
OCTAVIA; 4«'4. noar Hayes— 2 • unfurnished
■ morns. Including .bath.
OI'ARRELL. s"!7— Large room, table for 1
(f 2 gentlemen private family.
I'INK. 510, .socr.nd door above Kearny— Fitr-
nls'ied sunny front room in private German
Tn-Tiily: $« l'Qr month-
}■< iLK, C 1T — A handsomely furnished room, with
pra to. gas and use of bath.
POLK. 1602— Unfurnished room; running water;
floset: upper floor: cheap.
priLK.lS27.bf-t. Washington and Jackson—
Sin" front rooms; :urnished: use of bath:
oiilet location; cars handy; private family;
reasonable. -
ROOM for gent in private family, within ten, ;
minutes' walk of I'liflan building; stat>; price.
Address G. T.v .box 2170. Call.
SHERMAN Arartm'ent House, 2S Eighth St.. i
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH' PARK, 45, near . Third- Kricely fur-
nished j-oom In. private family; bath and gas.
STOCKTON, 23—5 rooms' for offices or house-
kcepinjr; will rpnt one or more rooms.
STOP hunting ■ furnished rooms; get list free.
Pacific Ream Reyinng Co:; 426 Kearny st.
TEH AM A. 62. neat Second- $9; 3 rooms lower
p:irt of house.; in good order. -. :
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people, R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, SOS — Housekeeping rooms. $2 per week;
also single roortis- for men.
TO LET— 2 or 3 sunny unfurnished front rooms; |
bay-window house; new. private; 2, in family';
rent reasonable. " Call Sunday or Monday at
153 Valencia st, • '-';■-
-TO LET— Furnished rooms. 11l Eighth St.,
near Mission; -(Juiet house.
TURK, 32. bet. Mason and Taylor Nicely fur-
nished front mom, $2 50 per week: a I. »o other I
rooms from {125 up. . ■ }
■ — — * ' i
VALENCIA. 1 1" A nico .sunny front room. j
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— By American Protestant woman, 2
"unfurnished rnotr.s; assist In part payment
rent. Vx 23SS,' ■'. office.
WANTED- I>ar£-e : room for tailor shop near
■ Market nnd Fourth sts. Box- 20f'B.' Call office. :
T3850. or three unfurnished rooms: central loca-
tion. Address box 400. Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AM) SIJI'I'LJES.
li MONTHLY,- rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
/ 1.1. kiridn b'i\ipht. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
t'jmlrtrt«r nt Ipwem rates. 205 Fourth st --' -~
': V ; -.- %". SPEdAI, NOTICES. ' ' "
"VELTMEH. METHOD of magnetic healing
- Jojire-; afl diseases; • .in' all sick and suffering
and be- healed': absent treatment* for health
. ':in<\ prosperity. IIIRS. DR.' FLaGG,'6OI Tay-
lor tit.. ; corner Pi.*?. -.: " ' •
LADIES!— ChicHeijter's English Pennyroyal
-Pills are. the best; safe.- reliable; take no
Ofher; send 4c stamps for particulars. "Reljet
for Ladles." In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical 'Co.. Phlladel., Pa. |
NICE private home In confinement: .most rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs." M. Rfeiffer. mld-
>vlfe, 2912-Fblsohi," nr. 16th; p!>one White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collection* made;
city Sir country. : PACIFIC COLLECTION
. CO.. 4K. Mnnticomerv St.. roomfr 9.-10: tel;. 5520.
■STORAGE AND .WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage "Warehouse. F. smith, prop.,
722. MlsFion; goods guaranteed; tttl. .''lay 25.
?E-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
; Office." ' 101 Post, cor. Powell: tel.. Main 571.1.
.« • . DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 97 (50c per
Ehare) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be., payable. the office of the j
company, 327 Market St., on and after Mon- j
day. October 2. 1899. Transfer books will close ■
on Tuesday, September 2S. 1*99. at 3 o'clock -j
B. m. E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKOA REAL ESTATE,
$ir»o) — HOUSE, 6 rooms; lot 60x100.
$1200— House, 6 rooms; lot 25x100.
$1500— Bouse, 5 rooms; lot 50x150.
$1.*.00— House. 5 rooms; lot 30x106.
{3000— House, 9 rooms: lot 50x145.
$;iooo— House, 4 rooms; lot 40x100.
House, 6 rooms; lot Boxl3o.
$1900— House, 6 rooms; lot 37x137.
$4.">oo— House, 10 rooms: lot 75x130.
ALL BARGAINS; EAST TERMS.
R. S. FALCONER. 1526 Park St.
WATER-FRONT lot. , with plain house.
Southwest corner Santa Clara aye., near
Grand st., 50x125.
$2500— Large seven-room house, lot 50x150; Ban
Jose aye. Great bargain.
$3750— New house. eighl ■- ms, San Jose aye.,
near Chestnut St.. lot 40x150.
$4000— New bouse, eight rooms, San Joee aye.,
lot - ISO; near Chestnut ft.
$7000— Finest northwest corner on Morton st.,
lot 100x150, With beautiful residence.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park street.
6NAP— New House, S rooms and bath: lot 50x
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHI'I.TF.. 1612 Chapin.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
IX A lamed a— Cheap lots for Immediate sale.
J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Pnrk ft.. Alameda,
ALAMEDA ROOMS AM) HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUXKE, 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— ln the best part of Berkeley, house
of 9 rooms: new; all modern Improvements;
large lot. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, ■
adjoining Postoffice, Berkeley.
TO let— Furnished house of 13 rooms; 6 acres
of land: •■arrive house, etc. Apply JOSEPH :
J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining Post-
office, Berkeley.
BERKELEY.
1423 and 1425 Spruce st.; 7 rooms, bath; new;
plumbed upstairs and down; wired for electric
lights; plumbed for gas; unobstructed view;
best location in Berkeley; graded street; close i
to prospective car line; we will exchange for ,
smaller property, Improved or unimproved;
balance on easy term-, or will pell on very
easy payments; this property l.« a snap and
will be worth $500 more than we ask for It
within 6 or 7 months.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Office. 222 Sansome St., room 2. ground Moor. I
AT a bargain— This line residence. .lust com- |
■ ted; 8 rooms; all modern Improvements; :
lot 40 or more by 135; corner Grove and Par-
ker sts. See owner, J. W. HAVENS. 2216
Shattuck aye.. or H. K. ABRAHAMSON, 111 i
Laurel st., Oakland. _,
NEW colonial house: 5 rooms and porcelain
bath tub; pantry: hot and cold water; sta- ■
tionary tubs: folding doors; city water:
brick foundation; street sewered and graded;
large lot: $17.".0; just think, only 5100 cash,
bnlance $18 monthly: this property is in j
good location, being close to schools, i
churches, stores and 2 electric-car lines; take i
Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station, ask
for RUDOLPH & PERKINS; office open
Sundays and evenings.
FOR sale— Almost new: 5 rooms; bath: pantry:
hot and cold water; stationary tubs: folding- !
doors; bay-windows; high basement: fruit i
trees; chicken yard: stable: all fenced and j
cross fenced; price $125*"'. only $100 cash, bal- ]
ance $12 50 monthly: bank loaned $1000 on |
this property; take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorin station, ask for RUDOLPH & PER-
KINS: office open Sundays «nd evenings.
SPECIAL bargain In a nice 5-room cottage,
with bath, barn, well, windmill and tank:
all in Rood condition and only 6 minutes'
walk from station, for $1050. See O. G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center s;t. j
C. C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery St.
In Berkeley— Oirner lot 57x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
FOR SALE— Fine residence site: corner Vine
and Epruce, bet. Vine and Cedar, North
Berkeley; outlook on bay; very desirable for 1
home; garden, orchard: any amount. Terms,
owner. HE.MENWAY. 1.'.1^ Spruce.
BERK! HOUSES TO LET. j
FOR rent, in desirable location, house of nine i
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with I
stable, chicken-house and large yard: con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station. |
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS 1
_ — __^_
FRI ITVALE HEAL ...TATB.
FRUITVALE.
SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
You may not believe it, but we have enabled 5
families to start In the way of getting their
homes instead of paying rpnt within the last |
w>-pk. and 16 In the last KO days.
,\Vc have only the following bargains of gilt- j
edge real r-state left, and you may have them
on very oa^y terms If you come this week.
$BOO— JS 60 P"r month; 6 rooms, hall, pantry,
good well; large lot; completely fenced; 7 min-
utes from Fruitvale station.
$(i.-,0_;; rooms, large basement; new; well and j
pump; lot 50x100; about $9 per month.
$750— About $10 per month; 4 rooms, basement;
wpl! and pump: r>n foot front.
All the above are splendid ices for chickens, ;
etc.; plenty of room for cows and horses.
JIG'JU— $14 per month; lot 50x150; 4 room cot- ;
tage; good well; graded street; splendid local-
ity. . I
$1230 — 6 rooms; large lot; well and pump; bath, i
etc.; new; terms to suit. ;
$1500-^9 ms; lot ■'.-'": bath, pantry, clos-
ets, halls, high basement; excellent locality; I
fruit trees; corner lot; extra large barn; well, j
windmill and pump; 2 blocks from car line.
$700— 100x175; choicest lot In Frultvale; sewers;
city water; close to cars.
' in all the above the Improvements cannot be
duplicated to-day for the price asked.
We will exchange for Improved or unimproved
property in Berkeley, Oakland. San Francisco or ;
Fruitvale on the above Improved pla<?eM.
THE HOME BUILDING CO.
Half block from Fruitvale station, on Fruit-
vale aye.
City office— 222 Sansome St., room 2, ground
floor, ft. i- 12.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
E. B. BUNCE,
908 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND.
SOUND INVESTMENTS.
Elegant modern corner residence of 9 rooms,
in the heart of Oakland; will sell for the value
'of Improvements or gift of the land; must sell
to save closure.
$21100— 8 room new house; up-to-date; corner
lot: terms to suit.
S2CSQ — Worth $3500; 7 room new house; up-to-
date; lot 49x140 ft.; $2000 can remain on mort-
gage.
Sir.o0 — New cottage of 5 rooms; modern; nice
lot same as rent.
• Two alee cottages; corner: In heart of Oak-
land; large lot; will sell to save foreclosure;
rental $40 per month.
; PAGED CATALOUOE.
Before you buy or loan your money on Call-
fornia real estate get my opinion of its value
for your own protection.
E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
BUTCHER business; paying well; all tools,
scales, cash register; rent .$l5 month; (900
C. K.- KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
TO TRADE fine corner, 100x100, East Oakland;
street work all done; great chance, C. K.
KING.. 902 Brcadway, Oakland.
$t-:.O FOR chicken ranch, 5 acres, Haywards: !
01 $950 for hill chicken ranch, 21 acres. Hay-
wards. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSE, Eighteenth Bl . Oakland, to trade for
. vacant lots: well located. C. K. KING, 902
. -Broadway, Oakland.
SUNNY modem cottage; large rooms; flowers;
fruits, chickens; handy to school, local trains;
."isy payments. Apply to owner, 1187 East
Sixteenth -i . Oakland.
FOR ' sale, $S&0 — A good Investment, four-
room cottage, with bath, basement, brick
foundation; rented for $8 per month; must
be sold. Apply at once to K. J. MONTGOM-
ERY, 470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
SACRIFICED — elegant ni»w houses In course
'of construction on 22d St., bet. Grove and
• West; all modern Improvements: street work,
sidewalks done; small payment down; balance
monthly if desired; houses ■•pen for inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON, 515 20th.
$2860-^-COST $4000; finest cottage at .Lorin sta-
tion, Berkeley; 8 rooms; double kitchen and j
dining-room; porcelain bath; cement tubs: 2
toilets: elegant mantels; china closet: line In-
terior and exterior finish; observatory; fin-
ished basement; Inside stairway: extra built
2 years ago by S. F. merchant; lot 50x135;
choice shrubberies; chicken houses: barn:
close to S. F. local station and electric cars;
a sacrifice: owner simply must sell
"LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
•iGO-462 Eighth Bt.. Oakland.
SACRIFICED— 4 .elegant new houses in course
of construction on :'-3d st., bet. Grove and
West: all modem improvements: street work.
sidewalks done; nnall pnym»nt down; balance
monthly if desired. J. H. SIMPSON. 515 20th.
$1375— SPLENDID bargain in 2 cottages, 4
rooms each, on lot 25x148:6; Center st. ; good
condition: near cars, etc., and woll rented;
all for J1375. Apply quickly ALDEN CO.,
111S Broadway.
RARE chance for hotel man; $5000 to close an
estate; lar£e corner lot with elegant 24-room
h'tise; e,->st $10,000. M. L. WURTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER I. 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND PROPERTY
FOR SALE
BY
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
$2500 — Something fine; all new and modern;
two-etory, six rooms and bath; all open plumb-
ing, gas fixtures, window shades, large clos-
ets: handsomely finished in natural wood; ce-
ment walks; in fact, complete and ready to
move into; easy terms.
$1350 East side 10th aye., between 15th and
16th sts.; 75x100.
$1650— Lot 50x139. on 33th et., near San Pablo
aye.: 6 rooms and bat!:; good barn, street work
all done.
f750— 50 foot corner lot on West St., between
16th and 22d sts.
$6600 — On Oakland Heights, near Geo. C. Per-
kins' home; beautiful home of S -rooms and
bath; stable; all modern improvements; lot 78
X 125; elegant grounds.
$1200—40x132, on Chestnut st., between 16th
and l?T*.i.
$6750— On Webster st., near Durant: beautiful
new modern house of 9 rooms; platcglass win-
dows, cemented basment; heater; large lot; all
the latest improvements; big bargain.
«70<v>— Finest home in East Oakland; large
northeast corner lot. 75x125; house of 9 rooms.
I bath, basement, attic, furnace. 5 mantels; mod-
ern Improvements of every kind; all newly
painted and first-class condition.
$16,000— 23 d aye.: the Market rt. of East Oak-
; land; fine business block, fronting 3 streets:
gootl income; half cash and half unincumbered
city real estate considered.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
!)C3 Broadway, Oakland,
Room 16, Zd floor. Mills bldg., S. F.
4- ACRE chicken ranch; complete; at Fruitvale.
I ALDEX CO., HIS Broadway.
ALDEN CO. are building several new resi-
dences and will give easy terms if desired:
: call at office. 1118 Broadway, and see plans;
I will change the same to suit buyer. ALDEN
CO., 1118 Broadway. .'
MONEY to loan on real estate; also $500 on
pianos and furniture, at 1 per cent monthly.
ALDEX CO., HIS Broadway.
j $75 CASH. $6 monthly till paid for: lot 100x175;
I trees, shrubbery, living springs; can b» made j
a model chicken ranch; away from the cold
winds and fog; ten minutes' walk to local
steam cars; close to electric car lines; build
your home or we will build for you: pay-
ment as low as rent; price in all $550; Ga-
lindo Tract Annex, adjoining East Oakland;
j come and see this; call or send for circular:
j 455 Seventh st., nr. Broadway. Oakland; car-
: riage free. H. 7J. JONES, owner.
j ■" .^ —
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET,
i HANDSOME residence. 9 rooms, bath: barn 539
24th. Inquire K. Franke. 1622 Grove: rent low. (
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
. AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Charles A. Jones and Jennie Leonard 34-22
Claud Lewis and Roze M. Kingsley 26-30
; August Liixsen and Marie Johannsen 45-32
I John H. Meredith and Amy B. Meredith... 36-22
11. G. Lowry ami Constance A. I^anlgan... 27-21
I Harry C. Carlson and Lillle T.. Haskins... 23-20
John B. Shea and Annie McCarty 27-29
Peter J. Owens and Teresa Tiernan J3-23
T. J. Murphy and Catherine M. Donahue.. 2s-20
Edwin M. Hunt and Bertha C Richter. 30-21
Frank A. Bystrom and Mary Olsson 33-29
lrvin R. Fenner and Mollle T. Phi Hips.... 52-31
George C Salch and Edie M. Knapp 32-21
John A. Renstrom and Alma Dahlberg... .33-23
Ole C Iverson and Nora Roche 31-22
: BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices .sent by
; mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
I In at either of the publication offices and be
I Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
uons authorized to have the same published.
1 BOEN.
i BORLAND— At Killing 1. 11 Mountains, China,
August 18. 1899, to the wife of Robert Bor-
land. M.D., a daughter.
DALY— In Bay View, September 29, 1899, to the
wife of John Daly, a son.
FRIEDEMANN this city. September 27.
IS;i9. to the wife of, George Friedemann, a
daughter. j
HACKE— In this city, September 19, 1899. to
the wife of William C. Hacke, a daughter.
LAWRENCE— In this city, September 21. )S«3.
to the wife of W. G. Lawrence, twin daugh-
ters.
McCORMICK— In this city, September 21, 1899,
to the wife of Edward McCormick, a son.
MALCOLM— In this city. September 19, 1899, to
the wife of W. H. Malcolm, a daughter.
; MANNING— In this city. August 30, 1899, to the
I wife of George E. Manning, a son.
PETERS— In Hopland, Mend oc! no County. Sep-
tember 27, 1899, to the wife of H. X. ivters,
a son.
RIORDAN— In this city, September 28, 1899. to
the wife of T. P. Riordan, a son.
: SALSIG— In Golden Gate, Cal., September 24,
1599, to the wife of A. B. Salsiir. a i=on.
SLATTERY— In this city, September 23, 1899, to
the wife of William J. Slattery, a son.
WISE In this city. September 22, IS!*, to the
wife of A. L. wise (formerly Miss Vina Par-
ker), ;i son.
|
i MARRIED.
BOURQUIN— KENNEDY— In Seattle, Septem-
ber 19, IS.^l. by the Rev. John F. Damon, \
Alfred J. Bourquin and Sadie Isabel Ken-
nedy, both of San Francisco.
BOYNTON— KERSHNER— In Oakland, Cal.,
September 25, 1899, by the Rev. E. R. Dille,
D.D., Everett Woodbury Boynton and Adell
Kershner, both of San Francisco.
GAMBLE— RITTER— In I*s* Angeles, Septem-
ber 28, 1899, by the Rev. B. W. R. Taylor. James
Gamble Jr. of Ray, Ariz., and Carolyn A.
Rltter of Oakland, Cal.
GRAHAM— LASWELL— In Oakland. September
29, 1889. by the Rev. E. R. Dllle, D.D., Harry
Archibald Graham and Florence May Las-
well, both of San Francisco.
-BARLOW— In this city. September
21. 1899, at the i•• Ide n< •• of th ■ bride's
parents, by the Rev. E. R. Dllle, D.D., John
R. Kinsman and Lilla M. Barlow, both of
San Francisco.
MENCHACA— In this city. Septem-
ber 29, 1899, by G. W. F. Cook, Justice of the
Peace, August Mlngst and Carmen Mencliaca,
both of San Francisco.
SOULE— POMROY— In this city, September 10,
1599, at the Second New Jerusalem Church,
by the Rev. Joseph Worcester, Beach C
Boule and Ethel B. Pomroy.
SPILLANE— In this city. September 29,
1819. by F. 11. Kerrigan, Justice of the Peace,
John F. Splllane and Eva Cody, both of San
Francisco.
WERNER -HEISIG — this city, September
27, 1899, by the Rev. .1. H. Schroeder, Philip
Werner and Gertrude Helsig. ,
WOHN— MAGNER- In this city. September 27.
1899, by the Rev. J. H. Schrwder, William F.
Wohn and Mary E. Magner.
DIED.
Bernstein. Racle McMillan, Daniel T. I
Curtis, Michael Mitchell. Mary
; eweritz. MorlU Mooar, Sarah A.
Demerest, James H. Newman, Frederick
Donlon, John O'DonnelJ, Nicholas
Elliot, Richard E. Peterson, Mary
Godchaux. Sophie Rabeneck, Mary EX.
Henseher. David Rule, Mabel F.
Huerne, L. E. 1". Scannell, John
Keller, Cephas L. Stehn, John C.
Loftis, George Stiles, Electra C.
McKee, John
BERNSTEIN— this city, September 2S. 1599,
I Racie, daughter of P. 11. and Lily Bernstein,
' aged 3 months.
CURTIS— In South San Francisco, September
29, 1599, Michael Curtis, beloved son of the
late James and Margaret Curtis, and brother
of Mrs. Frank Zimmerman, a native of Port-
land, Conn., aged 37 years.
|[3-FTiend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the under-
taking; parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Un-
dertaking Comaany, 8 and 10 City Hall
square. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
DEMEREST— In this city, September £8, 189»,
Jamos H." husband of Phoebe A. Demerest.
and father of Frank W. Demerest, a native
of Newport. R. I.; aged $0 years 11 months
and It; day.*.
icy Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at Pioneer Hall. Fourth street,
near Market. Interment private, in Masonic
Cemetery.
DAEWERITZr-In Mill Valley. September 28,
1899, Morit7. Dat weritz. a native of Germany,
aged 65 years. A member of \'ereln Eintracht
and San Francisco Lodge No. 1, O. d. 11. S.
IT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from Eintracht Hall. Twelfth
street, near Folsom, where funeral services
■will be held, under the auspices of the Verein
Eintracht. commencing at 2 o'clock. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 M!s-
HtNRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. •
Telephone South Sow
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob. i
CHAS- If JACOB & ■&""££ H WI £
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
ers. 318 Mason street, bet. Geary and
, <)' Fan ell streets. Telephone Main 5213. '
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment laurel Hill Cemetery.
DONLON— In Dublin. Alameda County. Sep-
tember 29, 1599. John Donlon. a native of
County Longford, Ireland, aged 70 years.
ff~y*FYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 9 o'clock, at his late
i-^idence in Dublin. Alameda County, Cal..
thence to St. Michael's Church, -where a mans
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment at Livermore.
ELLIOT— In this city, September 29. 1399.
Kichard X., beloved husband of Dora G.
Elliot, a native of Maine, aged 71 years.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fun»ral this day
• Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochrun Company, 52 and &6 Mint
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
GODCHAtTX— In this city, September 29,#159!>,
Sophie, beloved wife of Adolph Godchaux,
and mother of Mrs. Sylvain Solomon and Ed-
niond. Helene, Myrtle, Rebecca and Josephine
Godchaux, a native of France, aged 7a years
I months and IS days.
[C?" Friend!; and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, corner Broadway and Buchanan street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
1 streets.
HENSCHER— In San Leandro. September 29,
1599, David Henseher, beloved husband of
Sarah Henseher. aged 71 years and 1 month.
[CTFriFnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence in San Leandro.
HUERNE— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
I of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at the
Church of Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres, Bush
street, below Stockton, to-morrow (Monday),
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
KELLEY— In this city. September 29, 1599,
Cephas Leavltt. bejoved son of Mrs. S. A.
and the late Cephas G. Kelley, and brother
of C. Estelle Kelley, a native of Oakland,
' Cal., aged 26 years 1 month and 29 days.
(Vermont and Massachusetts papers please
copy.)
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, '."2 O'Farrell street, between Jones and
Leavenworth. Interment private.
LOFTIS— In this city. September 30, 1899, of
scarlet fever, George, beloved son of Joseph
L. and Mary Loftis, and brother of the late
Irene Loftis, a native of San Francisco, aged
i 6 years.
McKEE— In this city, September 30. 1593. John.
dearly beloved husband of the late Elizabeth
\ McKee, and beloved father of Thomas, Annie,
James, John and Emma McKee, a native of
County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 69 years and
6 months.
McMILLAN— this city, September 30. 1599.
Daniel T., beloved son of Angus and the late.
Margaret Jane McMillan, and brother of Mrs.
; F. Oster and Mrs. H. Klrchner, a native of
I Oakland, aged 17 years.
I MITCHELL— Jn Visalia. Cal., September 29,
1899, Mary, beloved wife of C. A. Mitchell,
mother of Ethel Mitchell, daughter of the
late John and Catherine Kelly, and sister of
j Joseph. John and Annie Kelly, a native of
San Francisco aged 27 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MOOAR— In Oakland. September 29. IS9D, Sarah
A., beloved wife of Professor George Mooar.
tC7"Funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 2:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 4uo Edwards
street. Interment private.
NEWMAN— In this city, September W. ISO 9.
Frederick \V.. beloved husband of Lorraine
F. Newman, and father of Eleonore L. New-
man, a native of Warsaw, Poland, aeed 70
years 11 months and 10 days.
C7"Ftlends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. R. are respectfully invited
to :.'.tend the funecal. which will be held
under the auspices of George H. Thomas Post
No. 2. G. A. R.. at their hall. 320 Post street,
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. Interment
George H. Thomas Post's plat. National J
Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— In this city. September 30, 1899,
Nicholas, youngest and beloved son of John '
and Annie O'Donnell, a native of San Fran- .
cisco, aged 1 year 1 month and IS days.
Interment private.
PETERSON— In this city. September 23. 1593. I
Mary Peterson, beloved mother of Frank I
Augsberger, a native of Baden, Germany,
ased 48 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are »-espect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marlni * Co.. 1524 Stockton street. I
Interment I. O. 0. F. Cemetery.
RABENECK— In this city, September 30, 1899,
Mary Ella Louise, beloved wife of Fredrick
Rabeneck, beloved daughter of Patrick Foley,
and beloved sister of the late John Foley,
a native of Napa, Cal., aged 26 years and" 5
months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at '2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertnker?. 777 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RULE— In Bi?hee. Ariz., September 29, 1599,
Mabel F. beloved wife of John M. Rule,
a native Of San Francisco.
SCANNELL— Oakland. September 29, 1599,
John Scannell, beloved brother of Mrs. J. W.
Sullivan, and nephew of Mrs. J. J. O'Connor,
a native of Curraduff, parish of Camp,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 37 years and 2
months.
.'"■•"rif-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at ]2:4.*> o'clock, from the parlors
of J. ('. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 1 lock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
STEHN— At Copper River. Alaska, June 28,
1599, John C. Stehn, beloved son of Mrs. c.
Stehn. and brother Of Mrs. P. Bengson,
Henry Stehn, Mrs. H. Ohrt and Sophie and
Augusta Stehn, aged 33 year's and 2 days.
STITES— In this city, September 30, 1899. Ele.c-
tra C. Stites, a native of Kentucky, aeed 27
years 1 month and 6 days. .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J c Borland, Elmtra IG D Jenkins, Ohio
.1 Seeba, San Jose | 1) O'Keel'e. Sacto
J Hinp, Fresno A RliiKstr.nn. Keno
J A Ritchie <fe w. Cal T .1 Wnrke, Denver
O Williams .< w, Cal B ncrnhardt. Chicago
M Peck, Sacramento A Pearce, Modesto
A floodman ft w, Cal Miss M Marsh ral
W F Corey, MarysvlUelT Pillnn, (Jklafa
Mrs H Corey, Marysv F W Hoffman. Stktn
Mrs Graham, Marysv S S Wilson, Riverside
Miss A Jones, Stockton I
PALACE HOTEL.
I. Pelton, Chlcapo M Woolley N York
E C Fest, Philadelphia Mrs M Spear. X York
Mrs E'' Kept. Phlla Mis Spear. New TorK
Mrs N II Pa.rtridKe.Cal C H .lames, Hoston
Miss Eeaßtman, c ;t l W T Houston U S N
.1 <'o)linKS, KnKiand ; M Tlllotson, N York
v H Kerr. Portland .1 Cooke, Melbourne
D B Charleson, B C .T .7 Byrne, Los Ang
Miss Charleson, H C h C Short Toprka
W E Bailey, l-os Anp H Kind. New York
J A li Nickels, U S N W T Barrett, Mexico
II C Moore. S .1. «c Mm W T Harrett, Mcx
A F A'lckroy, Denver J Hatch. San .lope
Mrs l> Morgan. Colo Mrs .1 TTatch. S .To«e
Mrs F Strnshurper, O ;Mi=s Hatch. S Jose
.) M Robinson, Uklah , Mrs F G Cole, c a \
Grace Robinson, Ukiahlj fohn New York
Miss G Redwin, Uklah J S Tobln, N York
GRAND HOTEI*
J T McCarthy. Nevada 1 Miss York. Healdsbrg
(i Worden, N V W L Mickolls, I'kiah
V Real. N V W H Bowers. Cal
F M Fenipe, S Jose Mrs C F Hall r- a l
J H Malvos * w, Cal Ml«s M X Hall". Cal
Miss L H Carcof. Cal C H Shaver, Fresno
T D Pierce. Sonoma Miss A Harding Oal
(i Steftler .Ir. S Cruz J C Haitts. Montreal j
H Chatterton, Sacto Mrs M C Weidemeyer I
F W Hill. Napa ! N V
C M Daley, S Dakota II A Ciark Cal
W I. N'efll. Butte Miss At AI Doremus
C S Hill. Botte N V
E Reyneer, Banger Mis« m X Doremus '
P L Baker. Cul N V
R T I'nise. TiNley Mrs L N Tr>-on. Cal i
11 .1 Mclsaac Cal J <'. Leser, Wisconsin i
A S.'iiilc.rf. Butte W B L Hci.kl, s Rosa
E C Manlove, Berkeley L O Orstad, Martinez
A C Morgan. Minn II L Robin?, L" S N
W C Allen. S Kafael R L Hinds O P N
C F Fisher. Cal A R Nlckcrson, I* S N '
3 Haas, Nev City J U Folsom & w, Cal I
.1 Fulks. Needles J Finlayson. Ca]
C F Petersdorf. Cal D G Overall ft w. Cal !
A H Gilmour. Canada R A Hodges. L Ang^ I
C B Jillson. Hanhmck O W Z'artman Tiilare
F M Attlson. S Cruz , Mrs J Roberts, S Jose
W Pike. Fre=no Q P Plalsted ft w CaJ
Mrs M II Flint. I- Ang W W Bassett, Sacto
Miss a Blair, S ROBS Mrs P Johnston. Cal
Miss P .1 Wright. Cal I'r W T George. Cal
S J Il'itrhinson. Cal ' E Spencer. I^ondon
L \V Walker, S Rosa IN a Dorn, Cni
Mrs W W Worthing, J L Bnlrd. Tkiah
Stockton .1 Brune. Louisville
Miss N Brunt -in. Cal M X Nelson. Texas
AY J Barret. L Ancr : Mrs M Dunne. C.tl
J B Hey wood ft TV. Ind! P Bateler. Vallejo
Miss P Ileywood. Ind 1- N Tryon. Cal
Dr J H Barr. Cal II Jack. Cal
J Grant, Cal (G M Pock, Cal
R X Stovall. Cal
''Making Out" in Georgia.
One of the old-time dnrkies. on being
a^kt-fl "how he was making out," replied
in this fashion:
"Well, suh, times is mighty tlsht wid
me but 1 manage to make a livin'."
"What are you dolnp now?"
"Well, suh. I keeps the pot b'ilin' by do-
In' a little plow-in', a little votirf, en a
little baptizin': en w'en dcv's nuttln! doin'
at dem three I hangs roun de white folks
en waits 'twell dey gets in de notion ier
run f«r office ag in!"— Atlanta (Ga.)
ConFtitution.
Her Comment.
"I did my best to he entertaining," said
the young man in a voice of sorrow.
"Did you succeed?"
"I'm afraid not. I recited Hamlet's
FolilO'juy. She looked at me reproach
fully for several seconds, and then ex
claimed. 'I don't think that's very
funny!' "—Washington Star.
RHgir.m. 11.100 square mile?. 1p about
the combined size of Massachusetts and
lUiode Island.
MINIATURE HAY BARN
FOR PARIS EXPOSITION
A San Francisco Firm
Will Compete For a
World Prize.
UNIQUE EXHIBIT BY SCOTT & MAGNER.
ONE of the interesting exhibits at the Paris Kxposition will be the minia
ture hay barn which Scott & Magner are now preparing. It will be an
exact fac simile of their offices and warehouses at 6ir> Sixth street. The
barn will consist of a redwood framework about five feet high, three
feet wide and six feet long, ami the side walls of the structure will be
built of tiny hay bales, each about one cubic fool in area. These will be piled
up in tier.s comprising the different kinds of hay produced in California, namely
alfalfa, clover, wheat and the natural California oat hay. Kach kind will be
appropriately labeled, showing its specific quality. The sides of thr- barn will
be draped and festooned with red, white and blue silk ribbons surmounted with
French and American flags.
The biirn will be inclosed in a glass case ten feet long and six feft wide
and will be surrounded by samples of California cereals and mill feed of all
descriptions. There will be 1200 of the miniature bales of hay on exhibition,
and these have all been pressed into shape by means of the model of a newly
invented hay press. Steel wires are used in the packing of the bales. In dis
cussing the intention of the firm to make this exhibit A. "SV. Scott Jr., one of
is members, said:
"The Paris Commission is anxious to make a display of the grain products
of this State and we have decided to take the matter in hand. "We realize that
it is rather difficult to make a creditable showing with an article as dull and
prosaic as hay, but we believe that we have evolved something striking that
will undoubtedly interest the beholder. California is unique in its hay pro
duction. Inasmuch as here the wheat is cut brfore maturity in the making of
hay, while in the East and in Europe the wheat is first thrashed and the
residue forms hay. We consider that our hay is superior in nutritive qualities
to the other, and for that reason v.-ill engage the attention of agriculturists.
Of course we will enter into competition with similar Kuropean products and
confidently expect to win out."
IN MY LADY'S BOWER.
Shades of Green and Violet for Deco
rating a Pretty Room.
Nowhere In the house can the ex
pression of a woman's taste be su com
plete as in the furnishings of her own
room. Here she may focus unhamper
; ed ht-r ideas, practical and artistic, and
! impart a personal charm to every de
tail.
The rapid growth In late years of
i general art knowledge has made its
! inevitable impression upon interior
decoration. The results of home ef
forts in furnishing are at a higher level
I than they were ten years ago, and the
careless collecting of commonplace
articles has given way to more satis
' factory selections.
Refurnishing their chambers has for
most women an interest that is want
. ing when they have to start out to
• ■<;uip new apartments; there is some
thing to begin on, and the limitations
1 are almost a guarantee of success.
Harmony of color is the first most
important element for the amateur dec
orator to have in mind. The large
pieces of furniture, wall hangings and
draperies must be planned with due
reference to this fact, and experiments
made by day and artificial light to test
the combination of color.
A charming room, suggestive of out
door life and pleasant memories, can
be devised by using violet and green
for the colors, and the flowers and
leaves of the violet in the decora
tions. This scheme may be utilized
to advantage in doing over a
j chamber in which either violet or green
: lias been adopted. A plain carpet of
Wilton velvet, ingrain filling, or fab
! i ikona ran be used to cover the entire
floor, with a large rug over the center,
or smaller ones distributed before the
washstand. bureau and doorway.
The walls may be covered with an in
grain paper or a lighter shade of green
or a paper with a white ground and a
design of violets would be pretty.
The latter would be the better choice
if the woodwork is painted white; but
with oak. curly birch, maple, or pine,
the former would look prettier. A few
pieces Of furniture, with forest green
< stain applied, would add the dark green
i of the violet leaf to the delicate color
] ing.
Cretonne for a bedspread and ruffled
I pillow slips can be bought with good
: designs, and gilkoiine to match, to hang
lat the windows, may be found with
some searching.
If the silkoline, however, is not avail
able, Swiss muslin could be substituted
with a white design that could easily
be embroidered over with violet silks.
i A three-paneled screen, to draw around
' the washstand, and a window-box seat
i may also be covered with the cretonne.
Dainty articles for the dressing bu
reau may be embroidered, using the
! violet and its leaf in conventional or
■ natural patterns, and the china pieces
i — comb and brush tray, hair receiver,
powder box, etc. — receive the same
; treatment with mineral paints.
A willow hrunge muy be cushioned
v>ith dark green velour, corduroy, linen
or denim, and a heap of down pillows
| may be made to show the varying
! shades in which the violet grows. A
footstool, to be used as a slipper chair,
should not be forgotten in completing
i the arrangements for feminine comfort,
i and one of willow or in the Moorish
: pattern could be the selection.
These ai> only some of the possibili
ties for making a charming bedroom by
employing the violet's colors.
NERVELESS DRINKERS.
Bartender's Morning Job of Patching
Up Old Soaks.
"T take a drink when I feel like it."
said a Canal-street business man, "and
can't nee that it has ever done me any
harm, but I witnessed a little episode this
morning that has haunted me ever since,
and has forced me to do a whole lot of
thinking. 1 had stepped into a bar very
early to get a cocktail, and while it was
being compounded a middle-aged gentle
man came and asked one o£ the attend
' ants 10 pour him out a little plain
j whisky. He was carefully dressed and
had all the marks of retinement and good
breeding, and his request was so un
usual that 1 turned involuntarily to look
| at him. Tho bartender exhibited no sur
l prise, and placed half a small glassful of
! whisky at his elbow, but the instant he
stretched out his hand T saw that the
I man was on the verge of nervous col
lapse. He shook like an aspen, and when
he finally managed to seize the tumbler
Its contents flew in every direction. 'Lot
me assist you. colonel,' said the bartender
! quietly, and, pouring out another drink,
he leaned over and held it to his lips.
The man said nothing, but gave him a
haggard look that went into my heart
like a knife. My God! what a look!
Shame, humiliation, and abject animal
terror. 7t started the sweat on me like
water. Well, he drank his whisky, stood
still for a minute as If gathering "himself
together, and sauntered out as cool as
ever.
"T asked the bartender if he had many
such customers, and he laughed. "T.ots of
'cm,' he said. 'There isn't a first-class bar
In town.' he wont on, 'that don't patch j
up a few old boya lik<> that almost every
morning. They're not drunkards, but
they've been at it so many years thai
their nerves arc gone, and, although thej
don't know it. they arc working on ab
solutely nothing but whisky. As soon as
they Ret a little fresh fuel in the morn
ing they're all rlKht. but they tome in
scared and out of their wits, thinking
they're going to drop dead every minute.
I'll net that gentleman you .saw ran sign
his name now without a quiver.' [ walked
out reflecting. It was a weird sight, !
gentlemen, and 1 don't want to witness it
;iK;iin. Suppose we go and have some
thing?"—X<jW Orleans Times-Democrat.
SMART GIRLS.
Prove to Be Expert Safe Crackers and
Escape F om Prison.
Two prisoners, mere girls, escaped from i
the State Reformatory for Women early J
Tuesday morning and w.>n honorary mem
bership in the proudest society of cracks
men. For those two— Margaret Marlbor- j
ough, 20 years old, and Martha Brinck
man, 21 years old— not only earned liberty,
however brief, hut broke open a safe arid
stole $150 and carried off $:.imj worth of the
Superintendent's fine clothes. Arrayed in;
these clothes there is nothing about the j
appearance of the pair to awake sus
picion.
Margaret and Martha were committed to
the reformatory from New York thre<
years ago for misdemeanor. Being tidy
and seemingly trustworthy, they had been
employed as maids in the apartments of
Mrs. Abbot, the Superintendent, and Mrs.
Roy, the head Supervisor. At night the
girls, like the other prison< rs, were locked
In their colls, which are small rooms with
wooden doors and big, strong locks.
Margaret and Martha must have care
fully studied the conduct of affairs in the
institution. When the three night watch
men were elsewhere in the building Mar
garet broke open the door of her cell with
a small steel bar she bad somehow pro
cured. Thru, from the outside, she broke
Martha's lock next door. Tiptoeing along
the dark corridors they went to the office
and opened a small private safe, from
which they took $150. Perhaps they kn.'w
the combination— there were but few
scratches on the safe door.
They shrewdly knew their prison dress j
would at once betray them. So they pro
ceeded to the Superintendent's and Super
visor's rooms, with which they were per
fectly familiar, and. carefully avoiding the
rooms whore the women slept, they ran
sacked the bureaus and wardrobes. They
took off their prison uniforms and dressed
themselves in fashionable clothes and
bundled up other clothes and jewelry
Then they pried a lock and made their
way to the ground floor; pried another
! lock and were in the yard. The tall
prison wall confronted them. How they
climbed it they only know. It looks in
surmountable to a monkey.
About 1:15 a. m. the ticket agent sold
two tickets to New York City to two
smiling and polite young women! who in a
| few minutes took a train. The "-iris"
escape was not discovered for- four hour<=
Thru the police of the neighboring cities
were notified, and earnest but fruitless
search was made.— New York World. ■■■
Did tho postman leave any letters
Mary? the mistress asked, on 'returnine
from a visit one afternoon.
"Nothing but a postcard, ma'am"
"Who is it from. Mary? 1 '
"And do you think I'd read it. ma'am"'
asked thp girl, with an Injured air
"Perhaps not. But any one who sends
mr a message on a postcard is either
stupid or impertinent."
"You'll excuse me, ma'am." returned
the girl, loftily, "hut that's a nice waun
be talking about your own mother'"
Sydney Journal.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Saturday, September 30
ARRIVED..
Br ship Valkyrie.. Jones, 140 days from Car
diff.
Schr Czar. Hutmnn, X days from T.>dos
Santos.
Ship Indiana, Verrey, 43 dnys from Xushagak.
via Karluk 13 days.
SPOKEN.
September 2, lat 13 X, Inn I2J W-Rr ship
Raliane, m.m Xewrastle, Kng , for Pan Prao
cisco.
. :'■'; RAILROAD j TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
V; a ImmUic Ftrg. ' %
: Commencing Ofctobe'r 1. ISS9.'
FROM SAX FIIAM ISO i TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAX RAFAEL. •; :
WEEIv DAYS— *7:OO, '3:30, 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45
•3:40, 5:13, 6:00. 6:30 D! m. -• •
EXTRA TRIPS— For SIM Valley and San Hi-
f ael, on Mondays; Wednesdays and Saturdays '
at 9:00 an.!' ll:3o p. m.
SUNDAYS— .•B:OO, *10:00-, *H:3o'a: m.; »1:*15
3:15, *4:43, 6:30. 9:00 p. m. • • • '
'Trains marked (•) run to San •Quentin; I
I FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAM = FRANCISCO'
WEEK, DAYS— S:2S. *6:35, 7:45, "9:40 a. m -
?12:30. 2:15. *3:40, *5:15 p. ni. • • "■
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:13 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. '8:00, '10:00, •11:45 a, m
•1:40. *3;15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m. " • ,'„ ■ '',
Trains marked (.•) start from Pan Quentln"
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:53. 9:45 a ' m'•
12:35. 2:36, 3:43. 5:20 p. m. • " ."=
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 2:16 3:30,
5:00, 6:45 p. m. ROUGH TRAIXS . *.
THROUGH TRAINS
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations '
, 3:4t)p. in. Saturdays— Tom.ilos and -'ay stations'
J 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tcmales and way stations'
BAILBOAD TBAVEL. j
SOUTHERN PACIFIC «€»9irAXT. '
(TAOIFIO HVStKM.) .
Trains !«"»*«• iiikl «ur* <iii«* <o nrrlv« nt
/ MAN IKAMIWO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — F^ou October 2, 1859. — arkivji
•7:00 He nicia, Snisuu and Sacramento »3:15p
•7:O«a Marjsville, Orovilleand Redding ?ia
Woodlaud •••i:4.tp
•7:OOa Elmira. Vacarilleaml Rtmisfy . «8:30p
• ; :«<» a M artiuex, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
C'alistogiv and Santa Rom •«:ir«p
•S:OOa Atlantic Kipress, Ogdin and Rast.. •»:45*
•M::tOA .Sun .lose. Livermore, Stockton,
lone Sacramento, Placerville,
TWiirr»»llle, Chico, Ited Bluff »4:15p
| •9:SOa »Milro!i. < dale and Souora ♦l:15p
•»:O»a H»ywards, Nil. s and Way Stations. M I : tr,\
' •U:t)OA Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresuo *12:1 3*
• U:OO* Krtsini, Itakerslield, >Santa l!r»rliar»,
Los Angeles, Dealing; El r*so,
New Orleans and East •6:1.1
• IO:OO.\ Vallejo, Martinez ami Way Stations *7:-lsp
•I 1:4141 a Hapvsxds, Kilos and Way Stations. # S:l3p
•IvJ:«i»m Miles, Liverraore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mpndota, Han ford, V r isalia,
• PortarVille -• *i:irsp
tl:UOp Sacramento l!irer.St.eanier« -t?»:lM)P
*;i:«Op Haywards, Nilesand Way Stations. *S:«Sr
"l:«or Martinez, Han Ka'nipii, Vallejo,
- Na|ia, CiilißtiiKH. Siiiita Uosa *1>:I3«
I :«i«i> Bc-Dicia. - Vacavillo, .Sacraniento,
Womllnnd, Knights LancHnK,
Marysvillp; Oro»i)le •l«:-|.'»*
•l::t»»P Nile*, .lose and Stockton ....;.. *7:15p
*.>:OOpT1io Owl Limited: • Tracy, Fresno.
Bakers Geld. .Saiigns for Santa I'.ar-
: .- bar*, lios Aiigeles ;..... •!»:45a.
•5:«0p Stockton, Merced, Fresno  *l!i:!3p
•3:U«p Martinet, Tracy, Mondota, Fresno,
MojaTa and l.o» Angeles •Ms-1. - »a
•.•>:!l«p Sniita I'- Itoule. Atlantic l'xj>rei!s
fftrMdiivvu and l'".nst. *oi4sp
*6:OUp Chicago-San Francisco Special, ()g-
-dciiand r::iik....: : »*:. lop
•6:OOp Tlayrcardß, ISfileß and Han 'Jose-. •9<4-'>*
flltUUi- Vaileji •! *sl 5
!7:00p Talleio, Tort Costa and Way Sta- : -
tions J9:»3p
Y*:»3i- Oregon SHrrniiiculii, !\larjs-
rille, IteddiiiK, I'ortlaml, I'uget
humid nii.l V-Mt «»:15\
COAST DIVISION (Nnrronr linage).
(Foot of Market Street.). ■
*M:l3a Neirark,Cc > utcrTille,HanJ|ose,Fclton 1
J'.niilii-rCrrck, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations •3:30»
f2:l3p Newark. < Vnti-rvi!!e, San Jose, New
Alma. it I . i, Fellon, Ronlder ('reek,
Santa Cm and Principal Way
Str.tioun 1 IO:3Oa,
•l:13p Newark, San Jose, Lob Gatos »O:2Oa.
611:t3r Hunters' excursion, San Jose and
WayStatioos 2 <>*
CREEK route ferry.
frtmStS FRIROISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 'J:00 11:00 A 1:00 *2:00 1 3.00
*<:03- 15:C0 *6:001.M.
FromOAIMSD— Foot orBro«J*»T.^"i;:OO 8:00 10:O0a.M.
118:00 '1:30 L ' 00 " 3: " [l:0 -5:03r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad tiriige).
(Third mid Towrwcnd St.?.)
M!:IOa Ocean View, South .San Francisco.. t(i::tup
■7:OOa San .ToM :i..d Woy Stations (New
Almsdeu Wednesdays only ) *I:a«p
••:OOa Han Jose, Trea Vinos, Hniita Cruz,
raoilic Orore. I'asn I!"!-: San
l.nis Olilsimi, Surf, Lot poc and
rrinclnnl Way Stotiiins M:I0r.
•l«t4»A Sun .Ins. ■:.... 1 Way Slal.ioiu. •0:,13 a
•lltSO* San Jose and Way Stations ...... •3::t«i-
t«:ir»i- San Mateo, Itetlwood, Mcnlo Pork,
Palo Alto, Santa Clura. San .lose,
Tips J'inos, Santa Cms. Salinas,
Monterey mid. -I'acilie Grovtf...... 4IO:.-ifi^
f»:.*lOp San Jose and Wai Stations •7:3<>i'
Htlßf SanJnsnand Principal Way Statfons •!»:4r. v
t;>:OOi- Ban Jose and I'rkioipal Way Stations <!>:O«»\
•.j::toi- Jose and Principal Way .Stations "«.-:{.'a.
•«::t«p'San Jose and Way Stations..- t»:O<>A.
61 1:15 iv San Jose mn» Way .Stations »7::! Op
A lor Morumg. ■ P for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Htm .lay oxeepted. J Sunday only.
& Saturday only.
The I'AI.'IFICTKANItrr.KCOnPJINr
»-iJI call for and check baggage from hotels ami re?i«
dences. Enquire of Ticket Agei.U for Time Card* and
other information.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO:
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry. Foot oil Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
I at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— £xtra trips at 1:60
1 and -11:30 p. m. '+ .
i BUNDATS— S:'X>, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 330,
! 5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN' RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
; WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. ni. : 1:40. 3:40 5:05.
C:25 p. m.
Between San Franr.lsco and Schuetzen Park
; came schedule as above.
Leave . Arrive
■ San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ''!
' ! April 16, . 1 . '
Week Sun- In??. Sun- Week
■ Days. days, j Destination. days, | Pays.
7:50 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm, S:3O am ; Petaluma, 6:05 pmi 10 :25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Eiusa. ' 7:25 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburp,
Lytton, ........
Geyßervllle, ' ■ '. : :.'. . '
3:39 pm 8:00 am, Gloverdale, j 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
i 7:30 am . Hop.and and. . 10:25 am •
j 3:30 pm; S:ooam UUlah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm '
. . — i. . .. . L — i •■ _ , _^ ■_-
i .7:30 ami .-. -I • .', : -.; 10:25 Am
|S:ooam Guerneville. 7:35pm ; -.-. ••
3:30 pmi . . .■•• | 6:20 pm ..
7:30 am; 8:00 am Sonoma !l0:40 ami 8:40 am
j ■ .i and ■ • . |
E:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ; 6:05 pm| 6:20 pm
' 7:80 am 8:00 am; Sebestopoi. 10:40 am in ; am
8:30 1 m 5:00 pml I 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
stages connert at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at C:overda! ; for the Geysers; at Hop-
j land for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprinsrs.
I Kelseyvlllo. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake- ■
port.and Bartlett . Springs; at I'kiah for Vichy
[ Springs, Saratopa Sprlr.Sß, Blue Lakes, Laura]
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. :
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, L'.erley's
Eucknell's, Sanhedrln Helg-hts. Hallvllle,'
Eoonevilie. Philo. Christine. Soda Springs.
Navarro. : Whitesboro, Albion. Little River"
Orr's Hot Springs. Meadocino City, Fort Bmw, t
Westport, Ural. Wlllitts. Laytonville. Cum- •<
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket!" at
reduced rates.
On .Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ,;
Ticket OffWa. 650 Market St.. Chronicle hM»,
H. C. WHITING, ; . R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
I Santa Feßpflfe
if / i lU^-^
1^- /.osakgclc» . \pHdEims ;
ytti^SftN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO. :
*" THK MOST COMFORTABLE WAY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL- '":
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE ' •
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 5 SOP M. .
DINING ROOMS AND DINING • "•
'. CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRHD
HARVEY, AND ARE- PERFECT IN :'
BVERY DETAIL. - : . .. r-
Read Down.  ALLEY : ROAD. . ReadUp
•7:20 am||lC:9o am Stockton : t3:40 pml €:00 pm "."-
-9:10 am 5 2:05 pm ■ Merced tl2:10 pmi 4:13 pm ■'
10:40 amL« 5:35 pin- : Fresno t9:00 am 2:42 pm •"•■
11:38 am § 7:45 pm Hanford ■ t":00 ami 1:45 pm ' "
'-':-• pm §12:30 ami Bakersfleld $1:00 am U 00 am "*•'••
11:5* a-m.rt6 :26 Vlsalla 55:20 am • 1:22 pm '
12:15 pmi |6:.>3-pm . Tula,re §4:25 am »l:05 pm -> .
•Daily tExcept Sunday, JExcept Monday.- '
San Francisco .Ticket Office, 62S Market st.;'---.
Tel.' - M.'iiii 153-1. -,-.-; -. — '• -,"
Oakland Office. IU9 Broadway. ■ •■ -.■'
Sacrarherito Office. -201 J st. . " - '.:-.■■ . ■"'•.•
San Jose Office/- 7 West .Santa Clara St. . .-••'.•
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco- via Sausalito Ferry ■'.
Commencing SUNDAY, . October 1, 1599. - ' '•A :
WEEK DAYS— «:3O a. m. and 1:45 p m ■'•
.SIJNDAYS-S-.00, -10:00. a, m. and 1:15 p 'm. ; .-...•
Fare S -" F;; ' to Summit and Return. $140. '•s■:
■ .THOS. COOK & -SON. . Acts.. 621 Market St. •'
filLflLL
Enlarged to 16 Pages s.
. $1 pep Year. ,COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange unaltered. ■• • • ;
]\mk clearings $i00,0Q0,000 larger than last year.
Wheat futures tinner and more active.
Farley market shozes more life at. strong prices.
Oats firm, but quiet. . Corn and Rye dull.
Heavy receipts of Hay keep the -market dozen.
ontinye firm arid in. demand.
. ( hv'ons and Vegetables about the same.
steady and unchanged. Game season opens to-morrow.
■v. Cheese and Eggs steady.
Fresh Fruits continue in light supply and steady.
Limes lower under fresh arrivals.
\g off well at the new quotations.
Dried Fruits stand about the same.
trade in Provisions at unchanged prices.
- and Leather active and firm. Wool and Hops quiet.
No further change in the Meat market.
Produce Exchange Sales.
: c.-> call sales In Bei tember
ton* of • heat and 14
•■-••-.. ■■■ -.. .• •be .m:t
---.5 of. wheat
I
Bank Cleyrings.
Local bank clearings las* week were $20,356,-
X*, against $16,962,455 for the same week last
y-jar. For the month of September they were
J^. 353,436, against $'i?. 572.535 for the same
month last year. For the first nine months
o' the year they wer» {692.iv4?.959, against $591,
--~.0,t10 for the same time in IS9S.
Barley and Oats.
The circular of George Morrow & Co. says:
"Barley— Receipts for the week. 158,404 cen
tals. The local situation Is' considerably ' bet
ter than it was nt the close, of . last week.
Shippers can sell Barley for foreign account.
but they want ships more than they do Bar-.
ley; of which they have an abundant supply;
In the sample market local mills are light buy
ers, but there has been.-- a very good demand
for No. 1 Feed Barley which would pass m
spection to pile up against December contracts
i-oH on call. This later demand has. resulted
in a good healthy advance in. the price if me
dium-weight bright Barley*. Brewers are very
qutet and seemingly have all- the Barley they
require at present. For Chevalier there •■ Is
practically rui demand at present. ' :
t'Oats^-Recelpts for the week. 22.735 centals.
V.V have again to record., the fuel that Cali
fornia is still supplying herself with Oats.
Ofegotl has sent a stray shipment or two. but
the markrt is still awaiting the expected in
flux of r.ff-color Oregon Oats. There has been
some activity in the market this week for the
better prade of the Oats now offering, but hold
ers cf all descriptions have been quite willing
to meet buyers half way in the question of
price. If the Barley market can be inanlpu-.
lated ana held up in price, It goes without
saying that Oats will advance in close touch
with the former." .■ . • '
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.) '-.. ■
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 30-5 p. m.
Th« following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California \o-day:
F.ureka 60 1 San Diegp _.... 64
Fresno ->; Sacramento .; M
Los Angeles 74' Independence S6
Red Bluff <•>', Tuma ~ 1'"
--6 an Luis ObUpo 74t; ..
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature t .
68; minimum, 52; mean. 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
F< 'RECAST. •
A well-marked storm of :the winter type over
lies the northern half of . the ■ Pacific Slope.
Rain has fallen generally, over Oregon. Wash- ,
ington and British Columbia. A -thunderstorm I
Is reported at Fort Canby,. The pressure has
ris»n slightly filing the coast, but the cqndr-'l
tlor.s are such thai showers may occur Sunday j
over Northern California.
The temperature has fallen from 10 to 20
(j^e-1-ep.g over Eastern Washington, Idaho and
Oregon. Cooler weather prevails In the fruit
drying districts of California.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby, 44 miles, from th south;
Portland, 34, from the south; WTnnemucca, 2S,
from the southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 1, 1599:
For Northern California— Showers In north
ern portion Sunday; cloudy In southern portion; !
afresh southwesterly winds.
For Southern California— Sunday;
light southwest winds.
For Nevada— Cloudy ■ Sunday; showers In
northern portion; cooler.-
FOP. Utah— Cloudy Sunday; showers In north
ern portion; cooler.
For Arizona— Fair Sunday.
For Ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Sun
day; possibly light showers; light southerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Louden Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here were depr-ssed to-day. Money
was harder and there •■ us talk of a new
government loan. The Americans hesitated,
but forced litruidation In them has ceased.
Thf Capo took perhaps 50,0C>" more gold.
Canadian Pacific, Sl"*:'. Union Pacific pre
ferred;, 78; Northern Pacific preferred. .76;
Grand Trunk. 7^; Anaconda, .)'»; Atchison,
20S- ■ . . • .
Bar silver, dull. 27(1 per ounce, money, 24
percent/ - -V- ' .■ .
Cash in the Treasury.
HTNOTW, - c< *Pt- 3".— To-day's itate
•i n of the treasury -hows:
Available cash balance, »25C,567,503; goli re
-1
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, fept. Another slight rise In
wheat at . Liverpool, notwithstanding yester
d;i>? v*..rline In this market, caused wheat to
open firm and at a fractional advance. Be
pii. s the strength at Liverpool, the market
«3ui]Jitlp«d b >' tne continued light receipts at
primary points: ; ; The impression apparently
prevailed that receipts will continue to run
much lighter. l thai a -'year ago. and though
there was a moderate amount of realizing at
the opening advance, only a slight rea-Jti)n
resulted and prices quickly recovered. The
market was in the main a scalping one, and
the bear element, timid at the recent strength
of thr market under rather adverse conditions,
was Inclined to oover ■..: short contracts over
Sunday fearing war developments in the
Transvaal. Traders who sold yesterday were
prominent In the buying. The strength, how
ever, was confined to .the deferred futures.
September shorts having apparently been well
filler) \ip and •■,.-- by long In
terests resulted in a sharp break in the price
of that option. It sold at one time at Hie
discount under December. Winter wheat
points reported an excellent milling demand.
Tovard the close there was Increased selling
on prospects of a large increase In the visi
ble, and the slight advance which had pre
vailed soon disiiTineared. • The close was rather
heavy. December opened H@Hc higher at
''\r. It sold at TS^sc, then advanced to 73 7 jc
and declined to 73'jc, where It closed. Sep
tember declined from 72U972%C a t the open
ing to 72'i>c. and closed %@lc lower at 71 s ic.
The feature of a dull session in corn waa th*
■wt-aknesu of the September option, which' de
clined ',;c under liquidation by prominent
operators. The demand was light, shorts hav
ing apparently covered thoroughly and prices
were easily affected. A heavy Increase in local
contracts Is looked for and this affected specu
lation. Deferred futures were- rather steady
early with wheat, but later . followed Septem
ber downward, the market closing heavy. The
snipping demand was faW considering the
New i'ork holiday. DecemSer corn cloned \%c
lower at 29%e. September closed -at n%c.
Oats were <iuiet and firm. Shorts were bid
ders for September and advanced the pi Ice of
that option about a pent at onetime, but the
improvement did not hold. • Deferred futures
kept within a narrow range. The market
Fhowed a. drooping tendency late in the day,
offerings being freer at the advance. Decem
ber closed unchanged at 22% c. September
closed Vie higher at 22*£ c.
Trading in provisions was mainly In the way
•I changing. The opening waa slightly lower
In sympathy with a rather weak hog market !
and kept at a slight discount most of the ses
sion. Packers were ttie chief sellers. The de
mand was not bo good. January pork closed
unchanged at $9 75: January lard a shade low
er at So m'ga 62U, an 1 January ribs a shade
lower at $5 07>v3 5 10.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 72*; 72* i 71*4 71%
December 73's 73*4 7 ', 73H
May ;.-:_ 7 ,--. 76V4 76 , 4
Corn No. 2 —
September 32-, ?2\ 3!H 81H i
December 30 HO'.fc 23 7 i 297*
May 31 31 30* i 30%
Oats No. 2—
September 22H 23»4 224 22^
December 23 23 22" 1 * 22 v»
May 24U 24% 24' 8 24". t
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 8 124 Sls SlO S 12 ! '
December 8 tV& «SO 8 27H ■ 274
January 9 70 9 75 9 70 9 75"
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 5 42H 545 5 42Mr 545
December ; 5 47^ :50 5 47 1 s '5 50
January 5 60 5 fi2 - i 5 60 5 62^1
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
October 5 07% 5 07% 505 5 07*4
January ' 510 510 SOH 510
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents. $3 5353 C 5; straights, |
i" 15i§"3 35; spring specials, $4 20; spring pat-.!
ents, $3 40@3 60; straights, $2 ?'Tff3 20; bakers'. I
$2"i72 F.O; No. 3 spring wheat. 701? 71c; No. 2 red, i
71H'J72 1 c; No. 2 corn, Sl^fjSi^c; No. 2 oats, |
22HiQ23c: No. 3 white. 24>j'fi25 1 ->c: No. 2 rye,
r.T^ic; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 14: Northwest, i 15;
prime timothy seed. $2 20?; 2 25; mess pork, per
barrel, $7 C.'JjS 15; lard, per 100 pounds. SJ 50®
5 52U; short ribs sides (loose) $4 95@5 SO; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). $6£6 124; short clear
sides (boxed), $5 45®5 30; whisky, tillers' ';
finished goods, per gallon, $1 22; sugars, cut
loaf, 5.53 c; granulated, 5.31 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ~..... 15,000 21.000
Wheat, bushels 140,000 9,00)
Corn, bushels 711.0-10 460,000 i
Oats, bushels 250.00 4:>l.n.K>
Rye. bushels ..; 11.000 . 2.i>» |
Barley, bushels 11S.000 19,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16-sf22Hc; dairy, ,
I?QISc. Cheese, firm, ligil»ic. Eggs, steady; I
fresh, lfi'-ic
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Pec. Mar.
Opening _ 6 l' 6 3%
Closing .....™ 6 1U 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 po !
Closing 19 BO
Flour —
Opening ».... 26 20
Closing 26 20,
Chicago Livestock Muket.
CHICAGO. Sept. 30.— CATTLE— Receipts of
cattle to-day were too small to make a mar
ket and quotations were almost entirely nom
inal. Lots of medium grades of cattle sold at i
unchanged prices.
HOGS — There was a fairly active demand for 1
hogs at yesterday's range of prices. Heavy j
hogs. $4 10#4 75; mixed lots. $4 4004 SO: light, I
$4 4S@4 90; pigs, $4 10©4 SO-; culls, $1 50^4.
SHEEP — Receipts of sheep and lambs were
light and the market was mostly a nominal j
one. Sheep were saleable at $1 76©2 73 for in
ferior up to $4'@4 25. Choice iambs sold at $3 60
(g's 65.
Receipts— Cattle, 200; hogs, 17,000; sheep, 500.
London Wool Sales.
[ LONDON, Sept. There was a good at
j tendance at the wool auction sales to-day.
I Rather better competition prevailed, especi
! ally for greasy merinos which were well main
tained, though yesterday's slight uneasiness
was apparent, notably for medium scoured
merinos, low scoured cross-breds and slipes.
New Zealand greasy cross-breds sold readily
I and principally to the home trade. The
j American purchasers secured several parcels
iof medium wools at a full advance. A selec
tion of Australian merinos contained several
good lines. Queensland greasy wools were
taken by the Continent. Scoured merinos
were in strong demand. The offerings for
next week number 55,750 bales.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 30.— Consols. 103 15-16; silver,
27d; wheat cargoes off coast, less Inquiry; car
goes on passage, firm, not active; cargoes No.
1 standard California. 31s.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 30.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris weak: flour in Paris, weal;.
COTTON— Uplands, 2^d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 1 California, 6s
l^d@6s 2d; No. 2 red winter, 6s; No. 1' North
ern . ring:. c s 3d. .mm
CORN— Spot— Finn; American mixed new and
° FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 8s 3d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 30.— Clearings, $222,
--557; balances, $31,828.
Northern heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Seat. 30.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, COc; valley. 60@61c: blue stem. 61962 c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 30.— Dealers are feeling en
couraged over the free offerings, but quotations
remain nominal. Club, 5SfT5S«ic; blue stem, 61c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
During the quarter ending yesterday the value
of the Mexican dollar at the Custom-house
was 45.1 cents. From a telegram received by
the Collector of Customs it is learned that the j
value for the ensuing quarter will be 47.4 cents. i
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... - $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables •■••• — 4 SS
New York Exchange, 5ight....... — 12&
New York Exchange, telegraphic — la
Mexican Dollars « <■ «
Fine Silver, per ounce — 54Vi \
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— were active again and the
lost ground was recovered. The snot market
showed no change.
Chicago »as firmer on better foreign advices
at the opening,- but eased oil toward the close.
The demand was moderate, and the crowd was
bearish, owln'< to the decline Inr September.
In addition. it was predicted- that Minneap
olis Duluth and Chicago would show an In- ;
crease for the week of about 3.000,000 bushels.
Spot Shipping. $103@107^»; milling,
Jl 10@l 12?4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
• Informal Session— 9:ls December—
2000 ctle, H 12%; 2000, *1 1274- Ma};-2000, $1 I£%.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1899.
Second December— 22,ooo ctls, $1 12%; |
2000, $1 U%. liny— 2ooo, $1 18%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 34,000 j
ctls,- $113; 8000, 1118*4; 2000, SI 12"6; 34.000,
H IS^i. May— 19; 2000. $1 19Vi; 6000.
$1 ISV 6000. $1 IS%.
BARLKY — The situation has changed some
what, and futures are now dull, while the
spot market Is firmer and mere active.
Feed, 75!j?S3c; Brewing, 90@9Jc; Chevalier,
$1&1 12& per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— sales.
Regular Moraine Session — December — 2000
ctls, 87% c. '
OATS— The market stands about the same,
being firmly held but duil. White. U 05(31 25;
I Red, $1 05<j?l Black, 92%c©»102H
CORN— large Yellow, *1 05; White
' and mixed. $1 02®l 0." per ctl.
| ' RYE— 9(j!3*>sc per ctl.
1 BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out 12,519 barrels of
Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 50!t3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40'Jf'S 50; Oregon
and "Washington. $3 40«3 50 per barrel for ex
tra. 13 2:><g3 40 for bakers' and J2 2:j<g3 for au
perflne.
MILLRTUFFP— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
-•: 28 per 100 lbs; Rye Flnur. $2 7.".: Rye
Meal, >- ■'■: I.: •■ Flour, J"; Conuneal, J! 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, S3 2",; Oatmeal, M & ®4 75;
Oat Groats. J4 75; Hominy, j;i 26@i 50; Buck
wheat Flour, *4®4 S5; Cracked Wheat, S3 76;
Fnrina. $4 50; Whi le Wheat Flour. JS SO; Rolled
15; in sacka
Pearl Barley, 55; Split Peas, $4 50; Given r-.aa,
j: per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Feedstuff? are firm.
The circular of Scott & Magner gays of Hay: !
"Arrivals of Hay on the San Francisco mar- j
ket during the week just passed have been ex
ceedingly heavy, amounting to 5103 tons. The
majority of the Horse Hay arriving has been
of the medium qualities, and such kinds are
particularly dull. Some days this week con
signments have been very slow of sale, and
pricea were a little off. The large consumers
Of Hay have been filling up their lofts rapid- ;
ly, and many of them are now out of the !
market for quite a while. If the arrivals of I
the medium grades continue to be as heavy as
at present even a trifle Blower market may
be expected.
'•Strictly 'fancy' Hay. either of Wheat or
of Oat, has been scarce.
"Alfalfa Hay— Arrivals during this week have
been the heaviest of the season, and large
quantities have been offered en the market
daily; in fact, during this week there has
been more arriving than could be handily
placed. The consequence has been a little
softer market. Alfalfa Hay has commanded
an exceptionally good figure when compared
with ' the prices that have prevailed right
along through the season on good grades of
Horse Hay."
BRAN $15 "•';:: per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 60@19 50 prr ton. |
FEEPSTUFFS^IoIIed Barley. $17 sO@lß per I
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28: jobbing.
J2S 50@"29; Cocoanut Cake. $20©21; Cornmea!.
523 50®24 50; Cracked Corn. 1®25; Mixed Feed,
$16<il>) 50: Cottonseed Meal. S2S per ton. ;
HAY — Wheat. >7.."- 50 for common to good I
and $3^9 25 for choice ; Wheat and Oat. {fifj;
S r.O; Oat, $6-aS; Barley, Js<fi7; Island l?nr!»y,
Js@s 50; Alfalfa. $oi?7 per ton; Compressed,
$6 5009.
STRAW— 2S@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers continue to quote a firm market for
Beans, with an Increasing demand.
BEANS — Bayos, $1759180; Small White,
$2 10® 2 15; Large 'White, $1 65&1 80; Pinks,
12 106215; Reds, $4; Blackeye, $3 2f,'rf3 35; But
ters, nominal; Limas. $4 05^4 15; Teas, $2 IS@
2 25; Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, 2V4@3c; Yellow
Mustard. 3}i's4c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
3V.C per lb for California and 4c fur Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2<£'33c; Hemp, 4S4 l ie;
Timothy, 4fi4'-ic.
DRIED PEAS— $1 50-? l 63; Green, $1 75
Ql 90 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are n =• r. Bweet Potatoes
art- firm. Other Pi tat. es Bhow no change.
Th'^r" is nothing new tn Vegetables, th» mar
• _■ amply supplied an-1
POTATOES— River Reds, 50®75c; Early Rose,
40fi55c; Burbanks, 40*i6,-.c per ctl: Salinas Bur
banks. ?oc3sl 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1<&1 25 for
Rivers and $1 "0 for Merced.
ONIONS per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50@
7& per ctl.
VEGETAI Oreen Peas. 2Uf?3c per lh;
String Beans. I'fz2 l 4c; Lima Beans. I' jfiC'-ic;
Cabbage. 10@S0c; River Tomatoes. lO^lSe; Ala
meda Tomatoes. 15525 c: Egg Plant. 35c;
Green Okra, 35@50c r>cr box: uried Okra, 12Vic
per lb; Garlic. 2'53c; Green Peppers. 35@40c for
Chill and 35@40c per box for Bell: Carrots, 30g)
40c per sack: Bay Cucumbers. 25<93.1c; Pickles,
i: 75 per ctl for No. 1 and 75c for No. 2; Sum
mer Squash. K@3sc; Marrowfat Squash, $bf/10
per ton: Green Corn, 20030 c per sack; oOcitUl
per crate for Alameda and 35?T65c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
The regular frame season will rpen to-day.
Poultry Is quiet and unchanged. More East
ern will go on the first of the week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, loQlCo for Gob
lers and li'glSc for Hens; Young Turkeys. 17@
19c; Geese, per pair. $1 7".'«2; Goslings, $1 75tf2;
Ducks, $4'?f." for old and 1596 00 for young;
Hens, $4 50@5 50; Young Roosters, $4 50@5 50;
old Roosters. $4 50@5; Fryers. $4: Broilers,
$3 25'ff3 50 for large, $2 75«§3 for small; Pigeons,
II 20@l 60 per dozen for old and $1 VSQ2 for
Squabs.
GAME— Doves, $1 2." per dozen; Grouse, $7 50;
Sage Hens, ; Mountain Quail, J." Hare,
$125; Rabbits. $160; Gray Geese, $4 50; English
Snipe, $4 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The feeling In Butter Is firmer and some d"a!
ers are already quoting an advance." Cheese is
steady and unchanged.
Eggs are steady at the advance already
noted, and receipts are falling oft.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25*?26c; seconds,
23524c. 1
Dairy— Fancy, 22%@25c; good to choice, 219
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 21@21'/4c; firkin, 20; creamery
tub. 21tt@22Vtc per Ib.
Eastern, LTMrC for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie: old. 10@
lO^jc; Young America, llgll^c; Eastern, 14#
15c.
EGGS— at 2; / ?f2sc for store and 2S@
32Hc per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 22%®25c for
selected. 21!g22c for No. 1 and 17'§'20c for sec
onds.
• Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There were rather more .Wine Grapes on the
market yesterday, but quotations were main
tained. Table Grapes continued dull.
Bartlett Pears are much higher and In de
mand. Peaches and Plums continue firm and
In light supply.
Arrival of 483 cases Mexican Limes and the :
market is lower. Some Valencia and Seedling
Orange* are selling to the Government for the i
transports at }?,G ' per box.
Berries of all kind) are quiet. Figs are slow.
Melons are quiet) and rather easier.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. SiCJGOc . ■■:■ box for common and 75c
55 Jl 23 for good to choice.
"BERRlES— Blackberries. UOS per chest:
Strawberries, $7's?S per chest for *maAj and $2<sl
for large berries: Raspberries, ?::'M per
chest; Huckleberries, s<{i7c per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries, $7 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran
berries, $sgs 50.
Grapes, 25©S5c per box for Sweetwater, 23@
40c for Black, _"•'(■''■ for Muscat. 25@40c for
Tokay, 60^ 65c for Seedless, 40@50c for Cornl
chon and 35©40 c for Isabellas: crates sell lO^il'.c
higher; Wine Grapes, ?21<g"5 per ton for
Zlnfandel and $17020 for White.
Watermelons, $5®15 per id.
Cnntalounes. 50c®$l per crate; Nutmegs, 20
(g3ac per box. ■
Pomegranates— 2sft 50c per box.
}■■ ire, Bartlett, $1 5091 per box; Winter
Pears. 401i7r.c per box, .?;;.-«
Figs, 3."iJ(soc per box for double layers of
black; white are nominal.
Peaches, 33c(g$l per box.
Plums and Prunes, 40c@$l per box and
crate.
Quinces, 30®50c per box.
CITRUS KRUITS — Lemons, $1i2?2 for com
mon and $3fH for pood to choice: Mexican
Limes, $6 FiO@T : California Limes, Jlifl 25; Ba
nanas, $1 •"'■■- GO per bunch; Pineapples, »l©
2 50 Der dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The week closes on a firm market. Rais
ins are being freely taken ct the high prices
named by the Association. All kinds of Fruits
are firm except, possibly. Prunes and Apples,
and Prunes even are showing more strength.
Apricots are almost gone, and the demand for
Pears is Ft ill quick at linn prices. Nuts of all
sorts are firm.
DRIED . FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
tacks, Z\ic for 40-50' 8, 4>4c for 'so-60' 8. 3&c for
60-70' s, 3' 4 c for 70-80' s, 3@3%c. for 80-90' s and
2^iS'2*ic for SO-100's; Apricots. 10@llc .for Roy
als, 14@15c for Moorparks and 12^i12%c for Blen
heims;" Peaches, 4%©5 c for Standards. sVy'6c
for choice and 6%@7c for fancy: peeled Peaches,
10@Ilc; Evaporated' Apples, 6©<S%c; Sun-dried,
~~c per lb: Nectarines, 7V4@3e per lb for j
red and S^Bc for white: Pears. s@7c for quar- |
ters and 7 1 ■'■''■'' for halves: Black Figs, 3c;
White Flrb,~6@6V6c; Plums. :%i@t;c for dark and
7&7'/tc for bleached.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un- 1
bleached Thompson's,, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy. per lb, S!jc; choice, 7%c: standard, »"Uc:
prime ac; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown 6c; 4-cro\vn, CV&c; London Layers, 2
crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 CO. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All 1
1 prices are f. 0. b. at common shipping points In ,
I California.
NUTS— Walnuts, new crop, B*4 c for standards 1
1 and S^c for softshell; Almonds. 10*4igll*4c for \
1 paper-shell, S@9c for soil and 4@sc for hard
i shell- Peanuts, 5%®6%c for Eastern; Brazil ]
Nuts. SV4@9c; Filberts, ll@UV4c; Pecans. 7V4@Bc; ;
Cocoanut?,- $4 50<g 5.
HONEY— Comb. 11M.-C for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7*4@7*io: ,
light amber extracted. 6%@7c; dark, 5*40 per ]
lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26e per lb.
Provisions.
There Is a moderate trade at unchanged
quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for heavy,
SVitflOc for light medium. HUe for light. 13c for
extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13M;c; California Hams, 13c;
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 60; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear,
1 $16 50; mess, 116015 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6@6'^c per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c; 10-lh tins, Svic; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— 6T4@7Ho per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides and Leather continue firm and active.
' There Is nothing new in Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
j abovt lc under quotations. ' Heavy salted
' steers, lie; medium, 10% c; light, 10c; Cow
hides, 9Hffifloc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and brands,
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins. yearlings, 50^300 each; short
Wool 35<Q'G0e each; medium, 70590 c; long Wool,
SOciiSl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2^2 25 for
large and $1 25©1 50 for small; Colts. 25(g50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, i'^'StZc per lb; No.
2. 4@4l&c; refined, ; grease, 2®2 I*c.1 *c.
WOOL— Clips— Valley Oregon, 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12T714c for choice and ?Sil%c
I for fair to good. '
I Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs. 8@10c; do
' plains. 7®Bc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7%©9 c; Northern free, 9'Jjllc; do. de
fective. 7%@10c per Jli.
HOPS— Quoted at 10@12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions remain unchanged. Mutton
Is steady at the advance already noted. Hogs
I are coming in sufficiently to fill all current
j needs.
j BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6%'g7c j
j for Cows.
VEAL— per Ib.
MUTTON— 7@7V4c; Ewes, 6U@7c
per lb.
LAMB-rSprlng. SQSHc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 8%@5%c for small, s\c
lor medium and ,"Uc for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, £%c; dressed Hogs, 7@3V4c.
General Merchandise.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 7^71-ic: Wool
Bags, 26®;Sc; Fruit Bags, sic, 5Hc and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@-740 for
bleached jute.
Wellington. $8 per ton; .New Welling
ton. $**: Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
56; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. »>; Cumberland. $9 50 in bulk and $10 75
!in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
' Cannel. > v per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7-60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in j
sacks.
SL'GAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- '
pany auotes. terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c Pow
dered. 5%c; Candy Grandulated, sc: Dry Gran
ulated 4'sc; Confectioners- A, 4Tfcc; California
A, — Magnolia A, 4'ic; Extra C, 4', Golden
C, 4Uc: barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, sic |
more; boxes, more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its 1
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, b%c; boxes,
ojic per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 30.
Flour, qr sks.... 6,350|W001. bags 437
Wheat, ctls S,467iHops, bales 175
Barley, CilS 58,88$ Hay, tons 668
! Oats, ctls 2,0101 Sugar, bbls 2,175
Butter, ctls 243 Lime, bbls 175
Cheese, ctls '' f| Raisins, bxs 1,000
Tallow, ctls 230 Hides, No 168
Beans, sks : •■■" Pelts, bdls 60
Potatoes, sks.... 4. Quicksilver, flsks , 158
Onions, sks 687' Leather, rolls 126
Bran, t=ks I,o6s [Wine, gals 69,360
Middlings, sks... • 633 Eggs, doz 6,990
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 1,3031 Bran, sks 320
Oats, ctls 450|
THE STOCK MARKET.
| There was a fair business for Saturday In
securities. Gas and Electric sold down to $65
and liana Plantation to $13 50, while Giant
Powder advanced to $SO.
Mining stocks were generally firm at a small
advance. The telegram from the pump said:
"No. 1 elevator ran IS hours 20 minutes since
last report. Water Is 25 feet 4 inches below
the 1950-foot level station. Have lowered No.
2 elevator 73 feet below the 1950-foot level
statl'Vl. Will keep It there until the new
castings are ready. This precaution has been
taken to have its services, should anything
happen to No. 1 elevator."
In the Standard Consolidated mine of Bodle,
1 for the week ending September 23, raise 2, No.
! 10 vein. 31S level, showed 18 Inches fair ore.
Raise 7, same vein and level, had 15 inches
' fair ore. Raise 1. Fortuna vein, 552 level, had
S inches good ore. liaise 2, same vein and
level, had 10 Inches good ore. The north drift,
same vein, on the 690 level, had an 8-inch
vein, which was looking better. The stopes
in the Moyle East, New. Security, No. 10,
Fortuna, Magulre, C, and C. D. ledges, un
the 150, 270, 31$. 336, C2S and 582 levels, yielded
! the usual Quantity of fair to high grade ore,
: the latter coming from C. D. ledge on the 336
level. At the mill. -'.'- l i tons of ore was
crushed for the week. Average assay vanner
tailings, SlO 04. Concentrates produced, I' 4
tons; assay value, $171 42. Plate amalgam pro
duced, 1496*4 troy ounces; value per ounce
$2 SS. Tailings plant No. ! treated 155.4 tons
tailings for the week. Plant No. 2 treated 255
tons.
The following local incorporations disbursed
dividends during the past month:
Per Shr. Amt.
' Anglo-California Bank $1 50 $45,000
Central Light and Power 05 3.100
Gns Consumers Association 15 2,023
Oakland Gas Co 25 7.500
Pacific Gas Improvement C 0... 40 12.5 0
Pacific Lighting C 0... 35 7.000
S F Gas and Electric 42 M.SO 3
Contra Costa Water Co 40. 11,610
San Jose Water 50 4.2U
i Spring Valley Water 42 68,800
i California Street Cable CO 5.000
i Oakland S. L. and H. Ry 20 1,600
Alaska Packers" Association... 75 36.000
Hutchinson Plantation 25 25,000
Kilauoa Sugar Co 23 10.000
Makawell Susar Co 50 17,407
On"inpa Sugar Co 35 17,500
Paauhua Sugar Co 35 35.000
Eastern Dynamite 1 00 20.000
California Powder 1 00 15.000
> Giant Powder Co 50 10.000
Pacific Telephone 40 18,200
Sunset Telephone 25 7,500
Ocoanlc Steamship M CO 12.600
Paraffin? Paint Co T. 25 2,500
Argonaut Mining Co 10 20.000
Boston and Cal. M. Co 06 36.000,
Champion Mining Co 23 8,500
Gwin Mining Co 06 5.000
Mead Mining Co 10 W.OOO
Morning Star Mining Co 3 00 7,200
Homestake Mining Co 60 103.000
Mountain Copper 2 16 C 40.000
Pennsylvania Mining Co 20 19.300
1 Santa Rosalia Mining Co 05 6,000
A summary of the dividends for the month
compares as follows:
1898. 1599.
Banks $170,000 $45,000
i Gas 96,275 54.12S
-Water *.»«! 52.631
Street Railway 5,000 6,600
Powder 20,000 45,000
F i=h 3G.000 56.000
Su~ar '.'.. 2-. COO 104.907
Telephone .700 " 20.700
Mining 57.500 757,000
Miscellaneous is.ooo 15,000
Total $492,716 ■ $1.19 C,956
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Sept. 30—12 m.
: ! t*": ? ; Bid. Ask. ni.i.A»k.
U B Bonds— Mutual El Co. 15^ 16
4s quar c0up..112>4 - OG L & H... 49 50
Is quar reg.... — — Pac Gas Imp. 65 —
«« quar new... - HI Pac LCo 41 41&
3s quar coup..lOS>4loS^ 8 F G & E... 65 —
Miscellaneous— San Fran — 3H
Cal-st Cab 58.116% — I Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 65..10S 103! a | Insurance —
Ed L & 1* 65. .130 — Firom's Fund. 22s —
F & Cl Ry 65.114 — Bank Stocks—
I Ueary-st R ss. — 95 Ar.irlo-Ca! .... «5 —
1 H C & S 5V.9-l n — ' Bank of Ca1. ..237 —
L A Ry 55....lO c V4— Cal S D & T.. — 9J
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Natlonl.. — 245
Do gntd 65.. 99 — Lon P & A....128H —
Do cntd 55.. — 100 |Mer Exchange — 1*"
Li A & P It 55.103 104 Vi Nev Nat 8k..153 185
Market-st 65...126V4 — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55.115 115'^ Ger S & L...1650 —
NCN G R 78.112 — Hum S & L..10M 1160
.V.R of Cal 6s.lU — iMut Say Bk. — 42%
N Rot Cal 55.113*4 — is F Say U.. 600 —
N P C R R 65.105 10S I Say & L So. — 82%
?.' PC R R ss. 106% — Sec Say Bk. — 110
N Cal R R Cs.lll — ' Union T C 0.1400 1440
OGL4H 55.109%t10%! Street Railroad*—•
i Oak Trans 6s.Ul H2 California ....121 —
Or.i CRy 65...128 130 Geary 50 —
jP&CI Ry 85.106 - Market-it 63% 63%
Pk & O Ry 65.115 — : Oak S L & H. — 50
Pow*ll-st RGs.ug — Presidio 17 —
Sac El G&R5s — -_ . lowaer—
I 5 F * X r 05.1134114 i California ....150 ICS
SF & S JVss.il6Vill6% F. Dynamite... X -
SRy of Cal «5.10»% - Giant Con Co.. 79*4 79%
SPofAGs....- Vigorit 2% —
S P C 65(1905).110>4 — I Surar-
S P C 65<1005).112%114% Hana P C 0.... 13% 14
S P C 65(1912).121 — I Haw C & S Co %V* 99
IPPC Is eg fis.lo2^4 - Honokaa S Co. 35 —
I PBr 6s 125 — 'Hutch S P Co. 30 30%
! S V Wat 65...114 114*4 Kilauea S Co.. — 30
I 8 V Wat 45.. 104 - Makaweli SC. 49%.—
iP V W 4sf3clm)101!4101\ Onumea S Co. 391 -* 40
I Stktn Gas 65..104 104% Paahau S Co. 36% 37%
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
I Contra Costa.. — 73*4 Al Pac A55n..U7%117%
1 Mnrln County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
. Spring Valley. — 101% Oceanic S Co.. 83 89
was and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1%, —
i Central Gas Co — — Pac C Bor C 0.142%.142% —
I r»nt L *• P... 6% 6% Par .ami Co. »* —
j Eqult G L Co. 7% 7%\
Morning Session.
Board— . :
10 Bank of California, cash 237 50
200 Equitable Gas 7 50
ISO Giant Powder Con... 80 00
10 Giant Powder Con, cash .-.80 00
5 Giant Powder Con 79 62%
10 Hana Plantation Co 14 25
V, Hai ■ Plantation Co 14 00
55 liar i lantatlon Co 13 75
55 Hana Plantation Co 13 50
50 Hana Plantation Co 13 62%
220 Honokaa Sugar Co 35 00
100 Mutual Electric Light 13 75
GO Paauhau S P Co 37 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 65 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 65 00
13000 Spring Valley 6s 114 25 ,
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water : 73 00
2." Giant Powder Con 79 50
30 Giant Powder Con 79 62%
100 Hutchinson S P Co 30 37< 2
25 S F Gas & Electric Co Co 37 > 2
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 65 25
15 Spring Valley Water 101 50 ;
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 75
Street—
60 Equitable Gas 6 124
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
£00 Andes 11: 200 Ophlr 105
300 Belcher 26 j 800 Overman 24
100 Caledonia 78 100 Savage 26
200 hollar 41 i 600 Scorpion 02
200 Con Cal & Va..l 55 £00 Sierra Nevada. 72
4*o Gould & Curry. 22 300 Union Con 41
300 Mexican 39! 400 Union Con 42
200 Mexican 40
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
' 700 Alta OS 200 Occidental 22
200 Andes li 20 Ophlr 110
500 Best & Belcher 3?'ISCO Overman 24
300 Best & Belcher 40! 300 Overman 23
200 Bent & Belcher 41 j 200 Potost 55
100 Caledonia 75j 200 Sierra Nevada. 71
500 Con Cal &Va.l 52'; 600 Sierra Nevada. 72
200 Crown Point 19 200 Union Con 41
600 Gould & Curry. 23 200 Utah 13
300 Kentuck 05 300 Utah 11
300 Mexican 39 4(0 Yellow Jacket.. 19
200 Mexican 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, September 80—12 m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask..
Alpha 04 OS I Justice 08 09
Alta '. 06 07iKentuck 05 06
Andes 12 13 (Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 25 16 Mexican 38 40
Best & Belcher 40 41 j Occidental 22 23
Bullion 05 OS Ophlr 105 110
Caledonia 77 80 Overman 22 23
j ('hollar 41 42!Potosl 55 56
; Challenge Con.. 30 33, Savage 26 28
i Confidence 71 76 j Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 50 166 Beg Belcher.... 04 05
: Con Imperial... — 02 j Sierra Nevada. 69 71
Con New York. — 03 j Silver Hill 02 03
Crown Point... IS IS,Standard 325 —
E Sierra Nev.. 02 —'Syndicate 05 —
Eureka C0n.... — 50 St Louis 07 —
! Exchequer — 021 Union Con 41 43
Gould & Curry. 22 23' Utah 13 14
Hale & N0r.... 30 31 1 Yellow Jacket. 28 29
Julia — 03',
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
1
;
Name of Stock. | M. | T. IW. I T. 1 F. I S.
Alpha 03 03| '04J 04 05 04
Alta 03 03 04 OS 00 08
Andes 13 1" 12 12 13 12
Belcher -' 24 26 26J 26 26
I Best & Belcher 43 41 40 40 39 42
Bullion 06! 05 04 04 04 05
Caledonia , 88 71 81 M *7 73
Challenge '; 31 31 33 32 1 30 30
Chollar ' 431 42 42 41 42 41
Con Cal & Va 1 B0 1 60 1 5511 55 1 55 1 55
Confidence 73 1 71 741 71 701 71
Crown Point.....' 20 IS 19 1 20 20! IS
1 Oould & Curry 25! 23 24) 23! 22 1 22
Hale & Norcross 30 31 30 30 i 30 30
Justice OS 08 09| OS I 091 08
Mexican 45 42 38 M 37 40
Ophlr 1 06 1 1011 1" 1 OB : noil 05
Overman '. 22 221 30 31 36 24
Occidental 23, 24 f 2:. 23 22 23
Potosl -'■ 531 56 5fi 55 ."6
Savasre 29! .- -- -' 26 27
Standard 3 20 3 2" 3 25 3 2." 3 25i3 25
I Sierra Nevada 74! 72 70 71 70! 72
Union 11 401 38 38 3S! 42
Ttah 13 12 18 13 14 14
: Yellow Jacket 291 .- 31| 30 29 1 23
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Caroline H. Robinson (Hawes) and James A.
| Robinson to Irma . M. Erken (wife of Charles
! H.. lot on XE line Tenth street, 125 NW of Fol
som. Ni: 100 by NW 50; $10.
I Arthur G. and Lydia B. Fisk and Flora E.
! Werthelmer to Alma H. Leek (wife of Ira G.). :
1 lot commencing 250:2 on E line of Dolores
street and 75 S of Clinton Park, S 0:6 by E I
49:10; So.
Mtesion Parlor Building Association to Ben
jamin Wood, lot on S line of Seventeenth
I street, 222 \V of Valencia. W 53:6 by S 100: $10.
I Elijah S. Gilmore to Hibernla Savings and
I Loan Society lot on NW corner of Twenty
! .sixth and Diamond streets. W 80 by N 114; $10.
! Louisa Breeze to Levl Strauss, lot on E line
I of Battery street. 30 S of Pine, S 61:8, E 57:6.
' N 91:8, W 25, S 30. W 62:6; $100.
Eliza Baum to G. F. and H. N. Gray, lot on
W line of Sansome street, 64:9 N of Green, X
; 22:11 by W 91 :S; also lot on W line of San
' some street, 125 N of Green, X 30 by W 81:8; i
; 51.">00.
Carolina Smith de Santa Marina to Edward
PoUlt:. lot on X line of California street, 62:6
; E of Montgomery, E 25 by X 69:3; $100. i
i Mary A'lnmi to John Adamt. lot on W line of
Trenton street. 112:6 X of Jackson, X 25 by \V
57. quitclaim deed; $10.
Mary Peace to Andrew L. Edwards, lot on W
Hne of Eighth avenue, 125 S of J street, S 23
by \V 120; ?10.
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to Charles F.
Martin. lots 763 to 768. 751, 753 and 755, Gift
Map 3; $10.
Henry (". Qulnton to John A. Drinkhouse. lot
on E line of Vernon street. 250 S of Randolph,
S 25 by E MO, block 26. City Land Association;
5' I.
I Oscar H»yman to Joanna S. Read (wire of
' William E.) lot on W line of Chapultepec
! street, 25 N of Henrietta. X 2.'. by W 70 lot 176,
Heyman Subdivision of Cobb Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to F. A.
: Merritt, lot beginning at a point on SE bound
! ary line of lots 5 to 18, block G, Stanford
, Tract. IGO XE of Santa Rosa avenue SE 151:6
! XE 800, NW 151:6, SW 600, to beginning. Oak
land; $10.
: Charles and Mary G. Josaelyn to Charles S.
I Hannan, lot on E line of Brush street 50 N
i Of Ninth. X 50. E 100. S 25. W 25, 5 25, W 75, '.
, to beginning, being lots 3 nnd 4 and portion '
lot 2S, block 112. Oakland: $10.
Otis ('. and Sophie M. Bryan to Joseph Ty- I
son, lot on SE corner of Buena Vista avenue i
and Los Angeles street, E 40 by S 100. being lot i
j 1, block C, Golden Gate Tract, Oakland: $10.
! Cornelia and Walter Walsh to H. E. Hol
com. lot on S line of Hancock street. 150 \V
of Telegraph avenue. W 37:6, S 90. 15. E 37:6.
X 99.81, to beginning, being lot 12 and E one-
I hair lot H. Drexler Tract. Oakland; also lot
on B line of Delaware street. 2CO E of Mil via,
: E 40 by S 134.31, being lot 15. block 5, Sea
View Park, subject to mortgage for $ISOO.
Berkeley; $10.
W. D. and Kattle E. Holcom to City Build
i ing and Loan Association, same (two descrip
tions), Oakland, $10.
Henry C, Mary. Edgar and Fay Hinkel to
Annie B. Voorhies (wife of A. H.), lot on E
line of Shattuck avenue. 87.14 S of Center
' street. S 45.71. E 125.54. N 47. .'0. W '117.56. to
■ beginning, being lot 4, block B, Blake Tract.
■ Maps 1 and 2, Berkeley property, Berkeley;
j $100.
Laura B. McMahon to Isaac L. Sajcton. lot
; on NW line of Walnut avenue. 2962.57 NE
from XE line county road, Oakland to San
', Leandro, known as the San Leandro road
! XE 57.44 by NW 758.34. beinT the NE 57.44
! feet of SW 107.537 feet of lot 13. Map of Stone '
Subdivision. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Matilda Welch to Ella C. Lampe. lot on E
line of Wilson avenue. 196'S of Chicago avenue
E 120. S 251.07. NW 122.30, N 227.14. to begin
ning. being lots 1 to 9. block G. Prospect Hill
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $2000.
John and Anna May to James R. Carter,
lots 4 and 5, map of subdivision of the Frank
Sllva tract: HO.
A. S. Woodbridge to Emma Wlnterson (wife
of Samuel), lot on NE corner of Glenn avenue,
200.58 SE of Short St.. NE 100 by NE • 110.25,
being lot 10, Bond tract; $10.
Marcus Torrey to R. B. Crowell, lot on N
line of Mission street, 28 W from SW corner of
C. F. Petersen's lot, thence N to South Main
street, W to NE corner S R. B. Crowell's lot.
thence S to North, Mission street. E 2 feet to
beginning, being point In lot-. 2, In section
3. township 0, ■ south range, 1 W, town of
Irvinsrton; $5. ■ -
Joseph P. and Augusta. Rohrbach to Babette
Pchuler, land beginning at a point 50 N of
charming way, extended N and 350 W from
W Fulton street, N 50, W ■100. S 50: 14, E
103 to beginning, being a portion of lots 31.
32 and 33, block U. College. Homestead tract:
$10.
Harriet- Avan to John Avan. lot on E line
of Alice street, 50 S of Thirteenth. S 50 by
E 115; gift. '• •
Same to same, lot on N line of Eighth street.
125 W of Webster, W 50 by N 100. being lots
25 and 2(1, block S7: gift. ■ . ■
Same to same, lot on SW corner Sixth and
Oak streets, W 100. S 100. E 25, N 50, E 75, I
N 50 to beginning, being lots 14, 15 and 16. I
block 128; gift.
Warren D. Heaton to Mrs. William M. Leete.
lot A in plat 28. Mountain View Cemetery; j
$10. . . ■
Charlotte Blyth to Catharine A. C. Lozler.
lot on X line of Delaware street, 100- W of j
Walnut. N 137. W 50, 140. ESO to beginning,
being lot 3.- block B. Percy tract: $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to A. O.Wlck
man, lot on P line of ChanninK way. 105 W
of Ninth street, W 35 by S 100, being the E
35-foot lot 3, block' 13G, corrected mac of Ray
mond tract"': $5.
J. H. and Augusta Rohrback to same, lot i
on E line of Shatuiek avenue. 130:4 N of
Channlng way. E 98.10. R 30. W 100:7%. N 30:3
to beginning, being a point in lots 30 and
31, block 14, College Homestead tract; JlO.
Builders'. Contracts.
In abstract 2531. September ' 28. In the third
contract. Edwin W. Bennett (owner) with Wil
liam Bolmer (contractor, etc.) the total con
tract price should be $670. • ■
C. M. Harms (owner) with John Ken»ally |
(contractor) architects. Jacob and' C. M. Harm? ]
—Alterations and additions to a two-story
frame building, on W line of Indiana street. !
50 S of Twenty-fifth. S 25 by W 100; JU97.
Louis Rosenberg (ownrr) with Louis Cere
ghlno (contractor), architect Sylvain Schnalt
tacher— Excavation, brick work, plastering, car
penter anil mill work, plumbing,- painting and
glazing for a frame cottage and barn, on S i
line of Greenwich street. 179:6 F. of Polk. S 33
by P 137:6 $2400.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
October. 1S39.
Sn. Mo Tu. We Th. Fr. Sa.
K^i. New Moon.
12 8 4 6 6 I W October 4.
"T 9 10 11 i 12 13 U "» First Qusrtor.
, . Jf October 11.
15 I 16 ! 17 IS 19 20 31 ' _ „ „
I . Ov Fnll Moon.
22 23 I 24 26 i 2« , 27 » October IS.
Is" ; 30 i"si I (ft LaBl Quarter
! I i I '■ ■ VS. Cctoix'r2r,.
Time Ball.
Branch HydmfrrHphle Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, 3an Francisco. Cal..
September 30, 18?9.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf > about
twenty-five minute? later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the Fame at both places.
SUNDAY. OCTOBER 1.
Moon r'ses 3:04 a. m.
Sun rises '. 6:W
Sun sets 5:53
H ITlmp Tim* ;Timej 'Time'
V ■ ! Ft. I Ft. — Ft. • ■ Ft
It lL W H W L W H W
Oct I 1 2:SS! 1.6 9:44! 5.11 3:29^ 1.81 9:391 4.7
2 .... 3:31' 1.2 10:10! 6.21 4:05 1.4 10:22 4.7
3 .... 4-03. 1.4 10. .14 5.3 4:40j 1.4111:06 4.>
4 .... 4:34! l.« 10t«8 5.5' 5:14: 0.5 11:47' 4.7
5 .... 6:94! 1.81 11 :H B.E I'M 0.1
h w ;l \r\ h w : i- w
« .... 0:811 4.7! 5:M| 2.1 1 11:53 T..7 fi:." 1 ».1
7 .... l:30| 4.7; 6:14; 2.5; 12::." 5 ~ 7:16—0.3
>;OTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tlies are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column irives the seonnd tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
thr^e tides, as sometime? occur. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts except
nrhen a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
[■(iferonce Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
♦ — , 4
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. i Due.
Tellus Departure Bay Oct. 1
Orizaba (Newport |Oct. 1
Empire Coos Bay [Oct. 2
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor '.Oct. 2
Tltanla Xanalmo Oct. 2
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 2
Czarina IPuget Pound :Oct. 2
Del Norte Grays Harbor Oct. 2
Coquille River. .[Grays Harbor Oct. 2
State of Cal.... Portland [Oct. 2
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 2
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 2-
Washtenaw .... Tacoma [Oct. 3
Wellington Departure Bay Oct. 3
Santa Rosa...:. San DIcko Oct. 3
Brunswick Portland IOct. 3
Weeott |Humboldt Oct. 4
Alliance Tacoma Oct. 4
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 4
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puset Sound Oct. 4
San Pedro (Humboldt Oct. 5
Progress [Seattle Oct. 5
Coos Bay... ! Newport (Oct. 5
A. BIanchard...iCoos Bay Oct. 6
Point Arena Point Arsna Oct. C
city of Peking. China and Japan 'Oct. 6
Columbia Portland iOct. 7
Corona San D!ego Oct. *
San Jose Panama Oct. 8
Umatilla IVlctoria * Pupft SoundiOct. 9
TO SAIL.
Steamer. ! Destination. ! Sails. j Pier.
Wpeott 'HumhoMt Oct. 1, S pm Pier IS
San Pedro.. Huoaboldt lOct. 1, 10am;Pier 2
Pomona Humbnidt Oct. 1, t pmlPler *
Corona Pan Dlepo jOct. 1. 11 am Pl.v U
Point ArenaiPotnt Arena.. jOct. 2. 2 pm Pier 2
I.uHla Tillamnok Oct. 3 Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay |Oct. 3, 4 pm Pier 13
Orizaba Newport Oct 3. 0 am Pier 11
Queen IVIc & Pirt Sd.lOct. J. 10 amlPier 9
CoquillP RIviGrays Harbor Oct. i. 12 m
MaripoFa ..Sydney lOct. 4. 30 pmjPler 7
Brunswick .'Oregon Ports. 'Oct. 5. 10 nm Pier 20
State Cal...|Portland !Oct. E. 10 am [Pier 24
North Fork. Humboidt lOct. 5. 9 am'Pier 2
Panta Rosa. Pan Diego [Oct. 5, 11 nm Pier 11
Coos Bay. ...Newport Oct. 7. 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexico Oct. 7. 10 ami Pier 11
Walla Wallmc * Prt Sd.lOct. S. WamFler J
A. Blanehrd Coos Bay Oct. S
Ran Bias.... Panama Oct. ?. U m PMSS
("iilumhia .. Portland Oct. in. ]" .in; Pier 2J
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 30.
Stmr TUlamook. Anflndsen, 4S hours from '
Santa Barbara.
Stmr San Bias. Russell. 20 days from Pa- i
nama, etc. via Mazatlan 5 days 19 hours.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 21 hours from I" sal.
Whal stmr Mary D Hume, Hagerty. 32 days
from Herschel Island.
I' S Btmr Thetis, Buhner. 14 days from Dutch
Harbor.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, 6 days from Oys
ter Bay, via Departure Bay S days 20 hours.
Ger ship Arthur Fitger. Denker. 134 days tm
Antwerp.
Bark Sea King, Wallace, 7S days from New
castle, NSW.
Br bark Inversmaid, Ross, 126 days from
Swansea.
Brig? .T D Spreckels. Christiansen. 20 days fm
Mahukona.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 24 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Eva, Kamsellus, 84 days from Kahulu!.
via Hana 24 days.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Nelson. 43 hours from
Shelter Cove.
Schr Twilight, Anderson, 7 day« from Grays
Harbor. ■
CLEARED.
Saturday, September 30.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, Manila, via
Honolulu; U S Government.
Stmr Corona. Hall. San Diego; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr & Sons Co.
Br stmr Glenogle. Jones, Manila, via Hono
lulu; U S Government.
Salv stmr.. Jlaule, Medina. El Trtumfo, via
San IMeero; L. F T.astreto.
"Br ship Dynomene, Snodden, Queenstown;
Eppinser & Co.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, Hilo; J D
gprockels & Bros Co.
Bktn Irmgard. Schmidt, Honolulu: Williams,
Dlmond *• Co.
Schr Winchester, Huhls, codflshing: Alaska
Codflsh.n* Co. gAiLED
Saturday, September 30.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr TUlamook. Anfindsen. .
Stmr Jeanie, Mason, Port Angeles.
Stmr Cleone, Hlgginß, Caspar, with schr
Dewey In tow.
U stmr Sheridan, Pierce, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Salv stmr Maule. Medana. El Trlurnno, via
San Diezo.
Schr Dewey, Bchraallnr, Albion, In tow itmr
ClCone.
, Schr J M Colman, Murchlson, Santa Rosalia.
Schr Gotama, Johanniesen, Coos. Bay. '•"„''
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
ORMONDE SALE STABLE, 1517-1519 Mission St.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 3d, at 11 O'CLOCK.
1 will sell at public auction 40 head of choice
well-broken young horses just from the coun-
try. I will be pleased to hitch and show the
above stock In harness any time up to-day
of sale, as they are all thoroughly broke and
sound and
MUST BE SOLD WITHOUT RESERVE OR
-■ -\-; LIMIT.. . ;■ ■!;;:-■:
S. WATKINS & CO.. Auctioneers.
!
i
'
:
SPOKEN.
Per stmr San Bias—Sept 28, lat 33 14 N, lon
120 05 W. bark Pactolus. from Philadelphia for
San Dieco.
No date, off Carpenteria—Br ship Clan Mac
pherson, from Swansea, for Port Los Angele?.
Sept 22. lat 36 N. lon 133 W—Br ship Clan
Macpherson. . from Swansea, for Port ' Los An
geles. . ■
MEMORANDUM.
Per U S stmr Thetis, from Dutch Harbor-
Left In port on clay of Departure—U S stmr
Grant: Br stmr Port Albert, from Tacoma. for
Manila: stmr Albion, bound north: two Brit
ish war steamers,. No seal poachers in Bering
Sea.
Per whaling stmr Mary D Hume—The whal
ing stmr Belvedere has lost -propeller In Arctic.
Ocean.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 30. 10 p Weather
hazy: wind NW: velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. '-"•":
COOS Arrived Sept SO -Si I r Monterey,
hence Sect 2C.
Bar mound Sect 10— St;nj Erroisv. for Sr::i
Francisco. ■ ■..--■. »-!■-"
SEATTLE—Arrived Sent 20— Strer Farallnn.
from Dyea; stmr Santa Cruz. hence S"pt Z<.
Sailed Sept SO—Stmr Czarina, for San Fran-
Cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND—SaiIed Sept 30—Br ship
Balclulha. for Port Plrie; ship Occidental, for
Honolulu.
In port Sept 30—Schr Carrier Dove, for lloi
pheng; echr Nokomls. for Honolulu; Br hark
Karoo, for Greencck. ■
PORT RLAKELEY—SaiIcdScpt Schr Ex
celsior, for Newport; schr Maid of Orleans, for
San Francisco: schr Funny DutanJ. for Ven
tura.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept HO — Rimr North
Fork, hence Sept 27: schr Meihj N^lsoiJ hence
Sept 27: schr Lottie Carson and ::chr Alice, from
San Diego: Bttnr Westport. hi'iice Sept 29: schr
Lillebnnnc. from Newport: schr L;z-d» Vance,
from San Pedro. I
Sailed Sept —Stmr U'eer.tt. f.-r San Iran
Cisco.
VENTTTRA—Arrive Frpt 8»-Sttnr Ge. Loo
mlx, hence Bepl 2?.
Sailed Sejit Stmr Gco !- rniit. for Snn
Francisco.
FORT ROSS—Arrived Sept .".0-Schr Mary C,
hence eyt> 27.
PORT GAMBLE Kept Bur* Caron
delet. for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA—SaiIed Sept JO—Schr
Ethel Zane. for Gray? Harbor.
E ISTERN i I iRT.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Sept 2>-Shlp 5
D Carlrton. for New York.
' . FOREIGN PORTS. ♦ •
QITEENSTOWN—Arrived S-pt 29—Fr bark
Le:- Ailelphes. from Oregon.
SHANGHAI Sailed Sept 11--Br bark KilJor
ney. for Fraser River.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior Sept 3'V-Br stmr
Doric, hence Sept 2. .Br stmr Monmouthshire,
from Portland.
FALMOUTH— Sow 20—Br ship Yar
ana, for Limerick
MANILA—Sailed Sept 30—Stmr Ohio, for San
Francisco, via Hongkong and Guam.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
NEW YORK—Arrived Sept 30-.Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool; stmr Meaaba, from
London.
Balled Sept 30—Stmr Marquette. for London:
stmr La Touraine; for Havre: stmr Rotterdam,
for Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr Kaiser Wll
helm 11. for Naoles. etc; stmr Etrurla. for
Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL—Arrived Sept 30—Stmr Luca
nla. from New .York. :- .
HONGKONG— Arrived previous to Sept 30—
Stmr "Doric, from San Francisco: stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland, Or.
BOSTON—Arrived Sept 30— Stmr Carlnthe.
from Liverpool
OCEAN TRAVEL. . .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
iw Steamers I*3 Broadway
fpajj^,—^ wharf. San Francisco,
i «S^*fsstv For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
1 i BBBrm^ September IS. 23. 23. October
' ? BLwjffisira 8, change at Seattle.
I wJBB 9» 1 or Victoria. Vancouver
Ej Sijyfißti (B. C). Port Towns-nd.
/''***^Aij!rsf^l ott!e, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
"^SßaK cortes and New Whatcom
"** (Wash.), 10 a. m.. September
" . IS. 23. 2S, October 8. and
' every fifth day thereafter; change at Sea-; •
I to this company's steamers for Alaska and
Q. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry-
! For Eureka (Hivmboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Sep-
t ember 16. 21. 26, October 1. and every fifth day
! thereafter. ...  «,.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
' Cameos Port Harford . (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. September ir. 21. 25. 2». Oc-
! tober 3 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Fan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
' ford (San Luis Obis:-). Santa Barbara. Port
I^os Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
i m SeDtember 15. 13. 23. 27. October 1. and
: every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenacta, Mngdal^na Bay, San Jose dM
Cnbo Mazatlan. Altata: La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
i month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the 1 'cht to changre
, ■without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
! and hours of saillne.
TICKET OFFICE— i "Novr Montgomery
1 street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Acts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 8. ft. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STE/ISIERS TO -
PORTT. A. "NT id
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a m
C/inC Sl2 First Clasc Including Bert*
IHIIL $8 Second Cln v. ; and Meals.
■ STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5. 15, 25: Oct. 5. 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10. 20. 30; Oct. 10. 20, 39
Short Line t>- Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and ah points in the Northwest.
Through tickets r> a.! points East. • .
E. C. WARD. General A Tent. . ■
620 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS £- CO.. ; -, f
flg-jy SupcrlntswSenii
AMERICAN LINE.
rrrv TORS. SO7THAK?rO". LONDON, PAm
Stopping at Cherbourg-, .westbor.nJ.
From New York Every Woin-'sday. 10 a. m.
New York Oct. 4! New York Oct. 25
Ft. Louis Oct. It St. Louis Nov. 1
i St. Paul Oct. IS I St. ran! Nov. S
RED STAR t.INC
New York and Antwerp.
I From New York Every WednerdA7, 12 noon.
''■ Frlesland Oct. 4|Keftstngto& Oct. £5
I Pouthwark Oct. lliNordJand Nov. I
! Wcsternland ....Oct. lSFriesland Nov. i
EMfir.i; LINE. . -
Seattle. ?t. Michael, Dnwson City.
I For full Information regarding' freight an.l
passage apply to . ; •- -
INTERNATIONAL- NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. -COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
1 for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling: at
I Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
I connecting at Hongkong with .Ftcamera. for
j India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
'. of sailing.
1 AMERICA-MARL' Saturday. Oct. 14
! HONGKONO-MARU.. Wednesday. November I
j NIPPON-MART' Saturday. November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
! freight and passage apply .it company's office,
! 421 Market street, corner First.
: W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
i : '
fIfSIIBRSStfIf s - s - Maripoea sails
Ik Aanl!. via Honolulu and
56 " 8 * 0 Aucklan.l for Sydney
a sa __^^ Wednesday. * October
fi/j/A 4. at 10 p. m. : .
iSiMm^hin-) The &. S. Australia
G)!i^i:!3llll/ satis for Honolulu
/ofnp^niL. -Wednesday, October
iUHlfjult.(qr. ls> at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS& BROS. CO., 114 Montgomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St . Freight Office. 327 Market St
• COMPAQNIE GENERALE TRASfiATLANTIQTJE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,f-&**
bailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <% iX?3
from Pier 42. North River. Coot of •>*-**<"*
Morton st. LA TOURAINE.. Sept.- 3": LA
NORMANDIE, Oct. 7. LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct.
14 LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA BRF.TAGNE.
Oct. 28. First-class - 10 Havre, WO and up-
ward* 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. K5: 10 per cent reduction
en . round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. S2 Broad-
way (Hudson. building). New York. 3. F. FU-
aAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery are.. San- Frnncis?n. .
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.'
~FOBU S. HAYY-YARD AND YALLEJoT
Steamer "Montlcello." '
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex.- Thurs. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. to. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock*
Pier No. J. Telephone Main ICOB.
FARE ....EOa
1920
WHALERS MAKE
LARGE CATCHES
IN THE ARCTIC
Mary D. Hume Back
From the North;
THETIS COMES FROM SIBERIA
VERY NEARLY WENT ASHORE AT
:■]■■■:■. V. ;V ; UNALASKA. i ■ . i; : ! y'C.\
Strike on the Leelanaw— Badger in
;■;;• tiie Fairway— Yellow Jack at '■■';■
'■'■'< ■ . Panama; — Accidents on •■' ..
■.:" ; ; : --:' the "Water. Front. ;. .
— : «. — : — i
■ the mouth
. c River last :■< as did well.
. catch
menal cv.c. At
Ifish ■ id :■■ :i whales"
Island, as
the :.
the Belug
.. : 1.. during
: her catcb
•
The steam whaler Mary D. Hume ar
rived from the Arctic yesterday: Last
Kcason she sent down the product of ten
whales and this year she has taken six
tun more, so all hands and the cook will
have a good "lay" coming to them. While
the vessel was in winter quarters at St.
Michael, Thurne, the carpenter, died and
was buried on Herschel Island. The
Hume came into port very much the
wor.se for wear and leaking. She was
caught in a terrific gale 'on September 19.
Part of the forefoot was carried away,
two of the boats were smashed, the bul- j
warks were stove in and, all told, the .
crew put in a very bad night of it.
The captain of the Hume reports the
catch of the fleet as follows:
rasher, two whales; Beluga, sixty
three whales; Bowhead; i wo whales; Mary
D. Hume, nineteen! whales. ;
The United States steamer Thetis ar
rived from- the frozen north yesterday.
She also was caught In a heavy gale. It
was on September 111. and the crew had
a lively time of it while it lasted. Oil
was used to . great advantage, it pre
vented the waves from breaking aboard,
and as soon as. it; began to spread the
Thetis rode like a duck on tne water;
making splendid weather of it. The The
tis jeft here on May 27 last, and during
her absence visiied Cape Prince or' Wales;
Port Clarence, Point :. Iney, Anvil City,
Golovin Bay, : aska, St. Michael, tit.
Lawrence Island and Dutch Harbor. Dur
ing her cruising she carried -<"' reindeer
from Siberia to Cape Prince of Wales,
while the chartered steamer Albion, car
ried as many more. ■]"),.' Thetis brought
down Dr. J. S. Stone, Dr. E. W. Bidwell
nnd Paul Mitchell from Anvil City. The
two doctors spent sixteen months on the
Kowak River, but-finding no trace of gold
made their way to Nome, where they did
well. Mr. Mitchell is the Government
schoolmaster at St. George- Island.
On September 11, while the Thetis was
at L'nalaska, a terrific storm rag< l. The
vessel was moored to the wharf and sev
era! times she. came very near going
adrift. Some of the standing rigging had
to be unrove and used as mooring lines
In order to keep the vessel from going
adrift. Captain Buhner reports that there
were no poachers in Bering Sea this wa
ton. The Thetis will probably >." to Mare
Island, where she will be put out of com
mission. It is not likely that she will-go
out again on another cruise.
The ciliary cruiser Badger was in
the fairway yesterday and had to be
moved in order to allow the trans
Kheridan to get away from Folsom-street
wharf. The Badger will : ■ lain in the
stream a week and will then go out of
commission at the navy-yard. Captain
Miller has formed a very high opinion of
the Naval Militia on this coast. Before
coming here he had the Eastern men out
on cruises, and he is thus able to compare
the various battalions, and the California
boys, to say the least of it. do not suffer
by the comparison. Captain Miller has
made a number of suggestions to the na
val authorities, which If carried out will
greatly improve the militia on this, coast,
lie Inks.
The Pa-clfic Mail Company's steamer
Fan Bias arrived from Panama and way
ports yesterday. She brought up eight
cabin anil ten steerage passengers, besides
live Chinese in transit. The officers of
the San Bias report that yellow jack is
prevalent a; Panama and several vessels
cannot got away because of the number
of deaths among the crews.
The British steamer Benmohr is on her
way here from Hingu. Japan, under char
ter to the United States Government. She
will be put in the transport service as
Foon as she arrives. She is l!'-".:; tons net
burden, 340 feet long. 41 feet 8 inches
broad and 24 feet deep.
The steamers chartered by the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company axe the On Sang
and Algoii. The former is a small vessel
of 2802 tons gross burden, but the Algoa
will probably be the largest steamer that
lias ever come here. She is 7."75 tons gross
burden and will carry 11,000 tons dead
weight. She is 455 feet long, 58 feet broad
and 2:' feet 4 inches deep. These vessels
will carry freight for the Hail Company
■while the City of Peking, Rio de Janeiro
mid City of Para are under charter to
the Government.
(.Jus Anderson, a stevedore, had his leg
crushed In a terrible manner on the
steamer Queen yesterday. At the Harbor
Hospital it was found necessary to am
putate the leg above the knee. Anderson
was at work near the f-levator and hi?
right leg was hanging down the hatch
way. By Borne means the elevator was
started and before the unfortunate fellow
could do anything his leg was crushed
between the deck and the elevator.
George Martin, was treated at the Har
bor Hospital by Dr. Thompson yesterday
afternoon for a gunshot wound in the
right hand. He was crossing the bay on
the ferry steamer Berkeley and went to
examine his pistol. The weapon went off
nnd blew a hole in his hand. Martin was
drunk and was on his way to the hoo
Jields. .
The boiler-makers employed on the Lee
lanaw quit work yesterday because they
were not given an eight-hour day : The
"Union Iron Works got non-union men to
fill their places. It will take a month to
repair the transport.
Will File a Disclaimer.
City ami County Attorney Lane has m
uthority fri m th< Board of Su-
Bors to file a disclaimer in tho suit
n by Percy Beamish asainsf Alvinza
ward, the city and other •
NOT SO!
There is absolutely no truth in the report which re-
cently appeared in the daily papers to the effect that
"the AMERICAN BISCUIT COMPANY is in the
cracker and candy trust," and we wish to make the
most emphatic and unqualified denial that we either
have now or intend to have any connection whatever
with this or any other combination.
As far as it relates to us the newspaper Btory is
utterly incorrect and misleading.
American Biscuit Company,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HAJLE BROS.
T**"^ — " **^y * -.^^— — I, 1 - , — -_ji/"ja_,. jn iiiiwi _ , 1 t^mm L -j— M ~*^ w ** M^^ if o clothesline we r e
novelty dress silks . 1 1 free lessons I From St. Gall, from Belfast, from Japan, from wher- n^^^~l f ?r. r ?& y .. M , »i. taPr ovement
our novelty colored silks have be- <_ nm hrnirtppv , . ■• • • ,- ^ » . tJ * * e\er> n.i\ ad. is some tmpro\ement
tS,,rT "ev m ul rn u .'"ci'rc O m! Xnr* M si ever good handkerchiefs are made, shipment after ship-. 'SSfJSI- SffiftSffiSfflSSSSKaS
J^^:,!™^ '" 7 r " I^'k¥H ment of fine handkerchiefs for ladies, men and children have fUsli SSSSi
novelty Bilks, consisting of white ladies parlor. See , . . TT i » •. , , • . , . , aisle 2 and ladle 3 » ' new infants long cloaks in cream
cords and clots on colored taffeta his beautiful work been pouring into Hale s. our windows, our store display and our immense stock r ia >', h ; ivi ; thelr ? hit / shnii - rti ' handsomely  en i;
grounds of lilac rose marine cardi- and learn how to do ,  ,, r -*.> u-u-< £ i.i_ vi i_ • j 1 i i handkerchiefs per- broidered around bottom, scalloped
n!,lS I other fall ™colora* an elegant It- Free. tell the Story. It San exhibit of the WOrld S best, priced tO be popular. fumed free. silk embroidered cape and turned-
shirt waist material; 19 inches wide — 300 dozen ladles' linen handker- 100 dozen ladies' Japanette initial = T^ Z " co^lined^hrouchout^^^O each
■■corded^'taffeta-'inte-rwoven C wS bed furillShingS chiefs, embroidered scalloped border handkerchiefs; nearly as fine as cloak department s.lf^^lv innS '"am
*ancv armure stripes 'Tn all the fall 75 pairs all-wool white blankets, and sw f s hemstitched; embroidery HdieV ' imitation" duchess^ each 4S ladie »' f ailored sults of gray white silk, handsomely embroidered
■thAdlnfs of c-old ceri^p nanoleon double bed size, 72x82 inches, weight a V a sca ''°P ea ooraers aiso witn late laci es imitation duchesse lace homespufand^bluf Venetian c'oth- lace pompons and ribbon, . also full
cardinal, cream, etc; 19 i|^d^ «HggSM t e^ e dkin h t?e S T°l?neT e e n^e%rer^o I w^ "™^S§di {t^Mffi^^Sfifflg &!S^.^SSSS
i»pi»S K^iin^Ski^^p^ 3°ns;^^»H ski li£= iS^is ErH^ a S^"!^ underwear savings
S^liS^^W EHllidl^plS b -'»«-=*--,,s^ Jei^KS^ffe^SSS 2fh j£Safl?".ffiisSS d^w^^tr? s^a&ss
black dress K oods SSCSSSsSS^ 5 * «i«^=s^ «; pal^siale^il^H S?^~«sg^ sssx^ssarMv^s
UldL/lV UICSS guuua a.,, quarLerjinuuou Die c.ea size scalloped embroidery; lace and gulp- a large shipment of ladies' very fine $6^ O,"V.'".0 ,"V.'". V"V/v* /?, |c 5 have French band; sizes 4. 5, 6.. 1 J>c. ca
this is the season for black dress 64 £!J"* 0 .- 00 r S~ X^f G ' o ° l pal^ ure ed^s.: .......l^c each all-linen embroidery hemstitched lace M 36 i ad L es , se t P YVh c S h 'hi? h f at 3Sc instead ° f GOc an<l SOc: 18 °
goods; fashion and good sense meet 800 pairs white blankets made of 150 boxes ladles' swiss handker- edge and scalloped border handker- black cheviot cloth, habit back skirt. pairs boys' Australian wool drawers;
on a common ground; black becomes California soft fleece wool, pink and chiefs, six in a fancy box; half of chiefs from 50c to 82.50 each trlmmed witn three bands of black winter weight; extra line quality. in
nearly every one; it can be worn blue borders, silk bound: th.-m scalloped and embroidered, one our line of ladies' real'd'u cheese lace taffeta silk; tailor stitched: price.. ... white only; no shirts in this line; for-
nearly everywhere: we have bought 70xS2 SO. OO pair 74x86 98.00 pair embroidered, hemstitched and one handkerchiefs of fine quality ranges ".A"*, ...........S». BU «&ch merly 60c and ROc; to be closed out in
from the mills direct large quantities 72x84 $7.00 pair 76x88 10.00 pair embroidery corner 91. 00 box in price from $1 25 to $10.00 each x. 10 dozen , ladles blue and , bark all sizes from" 6to 13 years at.. ..^sc
of popular black goods. a line of the very finest quality 200 dozen ladles' hemstitched all ladles' fine hemstitched all-linen heavy IlannHettcwrappers with full cnhnnl on« Anc .
black mohair crepon in large and heavy wool blankets from ...... Pure linen embroidered initial hand- handkerchiefs; an extra value at flounce skirt, ruffle and bra Id trim- SCHOOI aprOllS -.-.,.
medium designs: all high-grade qual- $15.00 to 922.50 pair kerchiefs 15c each iJOc each s!!* « «"'?/,^ t a Jfs "?'?*' white check nainsook school aprons
ity: 42 inches wide ;s2.so,yard 2 5 bales comforters, silkoline coy — — . , , »n7thMr riS,Hr £V» ilt .- st__ M>l ■ a , with round yokes and armlets, trim-
black mohair crepons in the popular red, white cotton filled, wool knotted; -, rtr rt « o+r> ,. . „ ,  „ ana their regular \aiue is 5i. # « price mc d with white nainsook ruffle, edged
blister effects and a large assortment double bed size $1.00 each moderate millinery Huclnut s perfumery "?fi"iaHioV'' wooV mnhkVr linclPrskfrti- with narrow lace; ages 3to 12 years;
■fbtaSRS wooTchevlof? handsome JSSfi?™^^***??' m ° derate ln priCe ' extravagant In these perfumeries are all superior deep 1 flounce "and Th^e smalf^fflesi regular price 50c; Male's prlce..3oc ea
|TS?SwKSp«O^d ••comforters-^,-ed' > wl 1 t < h^h;te SS? SSSSSSSS^^S^i^S^ S^iS^*' ™ M kfc 3 household economies =3HS \B
black storm serge, all wool; a hard- ton, figured sateen covered, stitched, and pastil" Sad??- they arT simply 1800 >' ards canton a nnel. Un " 3to 12 years ..........50c each
finished cloth, made for wear and to double bed size ■ gorgeous in their effect sweet orchid lily of the valley bleached, a grade always sold for 10c; . . • , 
Shed rain: 45 inches wide.. .soc yard so. , 2.75 and 93:25 each & 150 st wish well-Trimmed carefully sappho pink wood violet . we want to start October selling with CUrtainS and pOrtiereS
>}" ■'■:'■'■ , 1500 pillow cases, good quality white designed ladies' hats from our own peau d'espagne jockey club a rush, so we make the price.. 7c yard 300 pairs ecru and white lace cur-
VelVetS ■ twin muslin: a lQ t we picked up from ■ workrooms; styles to suit any face; verveine apoponax 10 bales cotton batting, one-pound tains, :i ,., yards long and 50 inches
a m ,^h w «r« thi« f a ii h*i nP vprv an Eastern manufacturer at a little prices fr0m........ .^2.00 to f 15.00 white heliotrope violet orris rolls of nice white cotton that sells wide lnnve different patterns all
are much -worn this fall, being \er> ]ess than the original cost of the 30 pretty trimmed children's hats napoleon violet white iris for 16c regularly; while it lasts.. lOc new; a pair... 81. 00
popular for shirt watets and exten- material; the are such cases as sell just from our workrooms- there is , white rose . stephanotis 150 dozen flannelette skirt lengths, 250 pa P rg eC ru and white curtain"
sively used m milliner*. at 16c and 20c: skill-great skill-used in their de- white lilac | 2Vi yards to the pattern in plain col- novelty and fishnet designs. 3H yards
best German velvets silk face; size 45x36., 12c size 50x36.. 14c signing JJU.OO to «S.OO toilet waters 75c bottle orings, with colored borders and with long, in eight very choice patterns: a
warranted to retain their color and fe]t un trimmed shane hat« In three ' fancy stripes.. .. .. — .»c ana .foe each nair ; "<•> ftO
finish: we have a complete line of new rfkfflfiff *ffl styles and iTgreat v?setv of colors violet sec violet extreme violet : '_-- --, # llo'^vs^i^tvy'vovXA^kthvel
fall shades, black and staple colors; fZ&> ffl JIGk t < S>rfS£s> . 'fSt each San Remo violet sweet lavender iS&tJgUffl^^ W <*> yards long and 50 inches wlde-^Tdif
IS inches wde ... *1 OO yard ltfWMm*&3& ' fancy quills"^! -colors' and'an enS t hfte So tro c Por!^" 83611 '•«"" S«e"™ f and "coding
fine quality light weight velvets es- M J^>~~ less variety of sizes and styles; lc white heliotrope Portugal JF ffl&&&> 55^**^ choose from; latest designs in solid
pecially for millinery use; in bluet JSi^^Ooon GOO**^ to Tsc each verveine W JZ^ioKZTT^^' colors, basket and armure weaves and
castor, fuchsia, eminence. \i olet am- a 7^T^TT^ — T^o pretty cogue feathers in an immense Florida water with sprinkler top... -****«J!r 00 GOOQ*^ Bagdad effects: heavy knotted 10-inch
aranth. pervenche. etc. ..»!. .t0 yard 935-94-/ Market Street. ' variety; 5c to .%<>«■ each !...sOc ounce 935-947 Market Street. ! overthrow fringe; a pair .^5.00
int. The suit is to quiet title to
property on the easterly line of Van Ness
avenue, between Lombard and chestnut
ts. The examination of the abstract
shows that the city has no title or in
terest In the property, and has never had
any Interest I W to certain tax
liens, which have now been cleared off.
THREE SPECIAL AGENTS.
Looking Into Custom-House Affairs j
on the Coast — New Appoint
ments.
Special Treasury Agent Power of this
port and Special Treasury Agent Con
verse J. Smith of Boston have returned
I from Nogales, where they had been In
vestigating charges against Customs Col
lector Chenworth of that district. The
charges were that Collector Chenworth
had allowed Chinese to be smuggled
across the border, and that he had al
lowed Irregularities to creep into his ad
ministration of the office. Agents Power
and Smith are engaged in making up a
voluminous report to be sent to Wash
j I n gt<
Agent Smith, with Agent Llnck. Investi
gated the Chinese bureau here last winter,
and it was upon their report that the
head if the bureau was dismissed from
the service. Mr. Smith has been so busy
on Government work in different parts of ,
the United States that he has imt had
time to visit his family in Boston for the i
past two years.
Special Agent West of Washington is ,
: here also, and will assist Agents Smith j
! and Power In routine work in the San
Francisco Custom-house.-
The Custom-house employes who en- I
llstpd more than a year ago for service
in the Philippines, and who were recently
mustered out with the First California
Regiment, were reappointed yesterday by
Port Collector Jackson to positions in the
service. The appointees will take their
positions on Monday. . No one will be dis- j
placed by the new appointees, for the \
Secretary of the Treasury recently or
dered that the force of customs Inspec
tors should be increased by fifteen. Th> ;
Collector filled only a portion of the new
■places and kept the remainder for the
California boys away off in Negros Isl
and.
1 The following are the appointments
made yesterday: H. T. RuthraulC and A.
H. Clifford, reappolnted to their former
positions as customs inspectors; Lloyd
Spencer, formerly clerk to the Surveyor,
appointed Inspector, the two offices be
.ing about the same grade; T. J. Mc-
Creagh, appointed Inspector, his former
position having been that of assistant
weigher; C. E. Kessler and S. I. Marston,
reappointed as extra assistant weighers;
' Edward T. Mullaly, reappointed to the
position of head janitor in the Custom
, house.
Military Election.
M.T.ior .Tanpen presided at an election in
Company F, Fifth Infantry. N. G. C.
Lieutenani Cobbledlck was renomlnatpii
fnr tho position he filled Tor some years,
but he declined. Second Lieutenant C. C.
Covalt was elected tirst Lieutenant, and
Private H E. Bennett, who was first Ber
geani in the Eighth California Volunteers,
was elected second lieutenant.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER I, 189J).
Hales.
JACKRABBITS WILL
BE HUNTED FOR FUR
SAN FRANCISCO MAN SEES A
CHANCE FOR GAIN.
Hermann Waldeck Believes That Cal
ifornia Has Raw Material for
the Making of Millions
of Hats.
Hermann Waldeck, dealer in hides at
34 and 36 Clay street, has decided to in
augurate a new commercial enterprise, to
wit: the utilization of the skins of Cali
fornia jackrabbits. if, on investigation,
the conditions prove to be favorable. Mr.
Waldeck read In The Call some days ago
that a St. J»uis fur dealer had written
to find out whether he could get all the
rabbit skins in this State that he might
want. The St. Louis man thought, from
the accounts he had read of the huge rab
bit drives in California, that the supply
of rabbits here must be unlimited and that
he could get them for a very small
price, because he knew thnt the
California farmers killed the rabbits
to get rid of them and made no use of
them, with the exception of an inconse
quential number marketed in this and
other cities as game. Mr. Waldeck has
Imported many millions of rabbit
skins from Australia during the past
six or seven years, into San Francisco.
The market for the Australian rabbit had
become firmly established in the Tnlted
States prior to the war in the Philippines.
Since the war the price of the Imported
skins has been raised. This increase in
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near Morning— "The Meanings of the Holy Com-
Twenty-thlrd— Rev. J. George Qlbson. munlon." Evening— "The Meaningr of
Baptism."
First Baptist, Eddy street, uear Jones— Morning— "Your Heavenly Father Knows."
Rev. E. A. Woods, D.D. Evening— "Jesus as> a Guest." with a pre-
ludo on the late Cornelius Vanderbilt.
St. Marys Cathedral. Van .\>ss avenue and Morning— Mass at 10:30; sermon by one of
OTarrell street— Rev. Father Prender- the Fathers. Evening— Vespers and ser-
gast. V. G. mon.
St. Mary's, California and Dupont streets— Morning— Mass at 11 o'clock; sermon by
Paulist Fathers. Father Otis. Evening— Vespers and ser-
mon by Father McCourt.
St. Ignatius. Van Xess avenue and Hayes Morning-Rev. Father Burchard S J., will
street— Jesuit Fathers. preach at 10:30 mass. Evening— Rev.
Father Sasia, S. J., will deliver the dls-
• course.
St. Francis, Montgomery avenue and Val- Morning— Mass at 10:30; sermon hy one of
lejo street-Kev. T. Caroher. the Fathers. Ev°nlng-Rev. Father Lagan
will preach the sermon at vespers, after
which there will he a procession of the
sodalities through the aisles of the church.
St. Dominic's, corner Bush and Steiner Morning-Feast of tile rosary; solemn high
streets— Dominican Fathers. mass at io:8p; sermon by Rev. l.eo Hoa-
gen, O. P.; special music. Evening — Reci-
tation of the rosary; sermon and special
musical programme.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh Morning— Communion. Evening— Rev. Roh-
avenue and Uement street— Rev. Philip C rt C. Johnson. Thirteenth Minnesota
Coombe. Regiment, will preach.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth Btreet, near Morning— Sacrament of the Lord's supper
Mission— Rev. William Rader. and reception of members. Evening— "The
Return of Dewey and the Higher Hero-
ism of the Nation."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe Morning— "Charity and Trusts." Evening-
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard. "Church Festivals."
Flr^t Congregational, Post and Mason Morning— Rev. E. H. Libby of Illinois will
streets— Rev. George C. Adams. preach. Evening— Same.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay Morning— Litany, sermon and holy eommun-
street— Rev. D. Clairborn Garrett, rector. ion at 11. Evening— Prayer and sermono
at 7:46.
Bethany. Bartlett street, near Twenty-fifth Morning— The Lord's supper. Evening—
—Rev. W. C. Pond. Seventh lecture on "Pilgrim's Progress,"
"Vanity Fair to the Delectable Moun-
tains," illustrated with stereopticon views.
German Evangelical Emmanuel, corner Morning— Holy communion. Evening— Song
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev F service
W. Fischer.
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twen- Morning— "The Finished Work of Christ."
ty-slxth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward. Evening— Song service and short address
by pastor.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp Morning— "Problems of Preacher and Peo-
Btreets-Rev. J. N. Beard. pie"— 1. "Individuality or Individual-
ism?" Evening— "An Historic but Un-
fortunate Calf."
California-street M. E., corner California Morning— "Consecration." Evening— "Moral
and Broderlck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane. Men Measured."
Central M. E., Mission street, near Sixth—- Morning— General love feast at 9:30; sermon
Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller. D.D. by Rev. E. R. Dille, D.D., at 11. Even-
ing—Sermon by Dr. Case.
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu- Morning— "The Secret of Prosperity."
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens. Evening— "Trifling With Religion."
Hales.
cost, so Mr. Waldeck said yesterday, had
übtedly caused the St. Louis man to
look about fur cheaper rabbit skins in
California.
Mr. Waldeck believes that there is the
possibility in sight of making quite an in
dustry of growing rabbits for the sake
of their skins. In this State. He sees dif
ficulties In the way of utilizing the rab
bits killed in the drives. Many of the
skins are torn by dogs. The others are
more or less mutilated by the clubs used
to kill the animals. Rabbit skins have a
market value because the fur is available
for the manufacture of hats. The mil
lions of skins that he has Imported have
all been sold to Eastern hat manufactur
ers. To have the fur valuable It must
be in grood condition. The rabbits must
be killed by some method less violent than
clubbing, possibly by shooting. The coat
of ammunition would increase the ex
pense of the skins, but this would be
counterbalanced by getting a much
greater percentage in good condition.
"My Intention, raid Mr. Waldeck, "is
to hire half a dozen men or so to go hunt-
Ing for rabbits under my instructions at
day wages to ascertain what I can get
and also to find out the cost. If the ex
periment turns out well I think that there
is an excellent chance to establish a con
siderable rabbit Industry here. The St.
I,"i'is man who has been mentioned in
the local papers is not the only one who
h;:s recently begun to inquire about the
California rabbits. There is one other to
my knowledge looking for California fur.
"Whenever the cost of imported raw ma
terials used in manufacturing k°ps up
there is inquiry for some cheaper home
product, and that entirely explains the
present Inquiry. I am rot surprised at
any new char.cc the State develops to do
business. It is full of wealth. I remem
ber that not long ngo all the hair of hogs
killed in California was thrown away as
being worthless. I secured a lot that was
about to he thrown away and had it
treated and sent it to Germany. There it
sold readily and the hair of California
Hales.
hogs is nr>w being turned regularly into
brushes of a fine grad.-. There is no bet
ter material for brushes.
"Hundreds of thousands of jackrabbits
are killed every Bprinj; season in the San
Joaquln Valley. Tin v are found In a
belt 01 country something like one hun
dred miles wide in large quantities and
pev< ral sections have their annual rabbit
drives. There is no bounty on the heads
of rabbits. If they begin to be hunted
regularly as a business millions of East
ern people mpy yet wear California rab
bit fur hats."
SCHOOL DIRECTORS CLASH.
Holbrook and Armstrong Cross Swords
Over Payment of Claims.
School Directors Armstrong and Hol
orook had a little tilt yesterday concern
ing school demands in which, from sub
sequent proceedings, Armstrong appears
to have come out second best. It was
no physical encounter that, occurred be
tween the two gentlemen. The trouble
, arose over all the bills and demands in
which William LutZ, a money broker, is
interested. Armod with these bills, which
he had procured earlier in the day from
Secretary Simpson. Armstrong went to
Auditor Wells and requested thai they
be audited immediately. Though it Is un
usual for demands tn be filed on the last
day of the month. Wells stated that he
would affix his signature. The bills
i amounted to about $f<ooo, and would have
been paid to-day had not Chairman Hol
j brook of the Finance Committee heard
fmm Secretary Simpson about Arm
i strong's action. Holhrook left the. busy
I cares of his downtown office, and going
I cut to the City Hall in double quick time
demanded the return of the obligations
from the Auditor, who decided to give
them up after a h<ated argument. Arm
strong retired from the scene somewhat
crestfallen, while Holbrook muttered sev
Hales.
era! things under his breath at what he
termed his colleague's high-handed pro
ceeding.
RAILROAD MEN RETURN.
New Train Schedule for the Southern
Pacific Will Soon Be Operative.
The heads of the different departments
of the Southern Pacific Company, who
have been congregated at Salt Lake City
for pome time past figuring on a new run
ning schedule, returned to the city yester
day afternoon. J. C. Stubbs. Fillmore,
Goodman and the "Discriminator" are
figain at their desks, but "Glad Hand"
McCormick, the rising youne political
boss, who started with them, was recalled
at Ogden and returned to the "City of
the Saints" to finish some important busi
ness. He will be here soon.
The new schedule will be given out to
morrow. It provides for one extra train
each way, as has been already stated in
The Cali. It is probable that several
minor changes will have to be made be
fore the new train, which will be known
as the Overland Limited, begins running.
See the new color window, "Keith's." •
Runaway in the Park.
A horse attached to a light buggy, in
which were seated two ladies. Mrs. John
son and Miss Jones of 513 Golden Gate
avenue, became frightened at something
and ran away in Golden Gate Park yes
day afternoon. Mrs. Johnson, who was
driving, was thrown out. but retained
her grasp on the lines and was dragged
for some distance. Miss Jones climbed
over the seat and jumped out behind.
Officer Kavanaugh captured the runaway
before any serious damage, had been done,
which was as remarkable as it was fortu
nate, as the east end of the speedway,
Halo's.
-where the accident occurred, was crowded
with vehicles at the time. Neither of the
ladles was seriously ■ injured.- althmig-h
both were more or less bruised.
A MERRY HOST AT A BANQUET.
Directors of the San Francisco Club
Honor the Members at a Dinner.
One of the most thoroughly enjoyable
events of the season was given Friday
night at the rooms of the San Francisco
Club In the Claus Sprt ckels building. Th>«
club has recently received a largo number
of new members and the directors accepted
the time as opportune for a dinner at
which the old and the new members
might become better acquainted. Over
sixty members therefore accepted tho.
hospitality of the directors and for hours
the rooms rang withu the sounds of mirth
and revelry, good will aad good fellow
ship. Supreme Justice F. W. Henshaw
acted as toastmaster and In that capacity
left undone nothing that could have been
desired. Toast after toast, appropriate of
the occasion and In the spirit which had
brought the members together, wen
asked and given. For hours the merry
host remained at the banquet board ami
when the last toast was said all voted
the night one of exceptional enjoyment
and worthy of the purpose for which it
had been celebrated.
" THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stones High
I Solid Oak China Closet;
[glass door, brass, top-rail;
; roomy, . strongly made,
[graceful design and propor-
tions. Would delight a
[tasteful housekeeper. $9.00
[ China closets in many unique styles
[ Fine woods, carved and metal trimmed 1
i up to $*o.
i The careful buyer will find some*
[thing to please in every department —
I something for every household need, j
[ Beautiful new colorings and stripe
[designs in Oriental tapestry couch
[covers $3. Some rare Egyptian designs
Mn the heaviest goods, $7. 50 ■ ':■
1 Silk and cotton velour soft cushions
in bright hues. Soft filling that would
drive dull care away from the mind
and rest the body. .
CARPET DEPARTMENT
A good heavy, bright-patterned'
Linoleum laid on your floor for 30 cents
a yard. ; . > :' : ! ' 1
Brighten the kitchen. Lighten the!
labor of cleaning. .- (
Our carpet and rug department is in !
most satisfactory shape for your needs
and convenience.
Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley '
M FRIEDMAN d CO.,
233 to 237 Post St.
I Open evenings , ;VA : Near StocktonSUNDAY CALL
THE
HERMIT
OF
SUPERSTITION
MOUNTAIN
ry LARENCE REAVIS. known to
/ [ white men as the "Hermit of
I /•. the Superstition Mountains:" and
>t-^ to the ApacheS— who hated . and
~ feuved ...him ami who had cause
.'to' do so mor* 1 . •-" in they ever did any
other man or his hated and feared
race— as Wah-he-say, the "Evil One"
.a'r.d""The Destroyer.!' is dead.
':". He r acquired the first title by hla'.
years r>f solitary existencefvand the
"fii.he.rs by an act which made even the :
blood-thirsty Indians-, of his adopted'
home; ever after its 'perpetration luail
In ten-err at the mere mention of his
name and'elevated hjm In their estima
tion CottheVplaiie of an avemrinp =ro.d.
The story or' the awe-inspiring deed by
which he grained his ascendency over ■
' The Favt.^? minds ofithe tvl-.K-: rtaa's
most implacable foe is well worth the
telling, as is r.lso the story of the her
mit's ruined life. .
At th^ time of his death Reayjs was
t. man nearly SO years old, and. a most
I'Pouiinr-lookin;? person, since his
whit*- h;iir and beard'-tiung in. matted
masses nearly three feet in length. It
was his boast that he had used neither
comb nor :brush nor razor nor scissors
• c v. •• hi lift' iii? Eastern home, and his
appearance. .proved his assertion. ...
For almost fifty years this -nan,
driv.-n In ) in youth from a happy '-.nd
• luxurious '•.•inv- by ;the pursuing: hor
.ror. vif a woman's suddenly discovered
.r'per.fidy.-, hid endured an existence of
•prin-'ir-q; hardship ; and utter solitude
•amid .the rocky fastnesses of Arizona*
Lciv.». . home, friends, were words
w.hk-h' had no meaning for him. They'
•had be< n blotted out of his mind for
ever, in those long-past days when he
•fl-si leaVnc-O of his j'OTurig wife's falsity.
'in the ijrHt Sickening shook of his life- ■
Ion? misery a wild longing came to him
to creep - clos". t<» the great .mother,
heart Vf .S'atur^ \y,<l try there to find
■ the solace ihut h<? craved and 1 , which
• civilization denied him; There he has'
rliv.ed ft>r .r.eafly'hii.-: ,1 century. and
-.there he- has ..died ..&:. he -lived— alone, i
his only companions In life andmourn
ers in deruh being his burros and a
faithful dog.
His bones, scattered a: out and-de
nuded of flesh .by the cowyrdl'y' moun-T
.tain wolves, have been four.'! by Jack .
; Frazler of the l»u Qu^sne Ci'ek cattle "
-.range, beside the trail lea'dihg from •
the hermit's lorely cabin ; to. ■ th« - Salt
IKiver Valley- N>ar them was the dis-_
rr.'.Tnhered and- broken skeleton of the
dog that had for years trotted con
tentedly- at the old man's heels in the i
daytime and r<Tted .across the foot of .
his pallet at. nicht; and close at hand
were. his patient burros ' hungrily
browsing on the sparse mountain
shrubbery.
It v.as evident' rom the surround
ings that Reayis had camped there un
der a large palo .verde tree on his way
to the valley at least three weeka. be-,
fore Jack Frazier made his ghastly
discovery, and had died from some
BurUien attack of illness. .His dog,
fMthfui to the last, had stayed by and
defended the dead body until starva
tlod had rendered him Incapable of
frightening ay.-ay the prowling ghouls
against which he had waped Incessant
coni'ict throui^.h torturinp days and
flights, and had then given up the une
qual struggle and his life together.
Forty-seven years ago Keavls was a
propp^roua young lawyer in the city of
Boston. Of excellent family, prepos
sessing in ' appearance and manner,
finely educated, ■ eloquent and already
in the enjoyment of a comfortable for
tune, it seemed at that time as if there
•were no position, professional, political
and Bociai, to which he might not at
tain. His marriage was a fashionable
event; his bride one of the loveliest of
the city's fair daughters; his- home a
veritable earthly aradise, Into which
alas! a serpent found his way.
Made certain by indisputable proofs
etf his . wife's dishon^- young Reavis
turned his back upon civilization for
ever, and, coming West, dwelt for
nearly three years alone in the wilder
ness by the North Fork of the Feather
River, near th» base of Mount Shasta.
Ever increasing incursions of miners,
however, made that part of the coun
try distasteful to him. as he found it
Impossible to seclude him&elf from the
unwelcome visits of wandering pros
pectors, who rudely broke Into his sol
itude and distracted his mind by in
sistent talk and questioning about the I
earth's golden treasure, which had for
him no Interest or value.
His fellow being? he disliked and
mistrusted; civilization he hated;' and
he determined to find, If possible, an
abiding place where he" could be wholly
removed from the presence and the in- '
fluerice of both. The haven of rest fur 1
which he longed he discovered at last
in the Final range, In what Is now
known as Gila County, Ariz. It was a
small and sheltered glade, embracing
about twenty acres of level land, with
a clear stream of water flowing
through It. IVrpendicular cliffs him-'
dreds of feet high inclosed It on the
north, east and south and, converging
toward the west, left only a pass Into '
the valley of about twenty feet in
width. Beyond this pass old Supersti
tion Mountain, rising over 6000 feet
Into the heavens, stood sentinel over
the wilderness of lesser peaks, shut
ting out the rays of .the setting sun
and early in the afternoon throwing Its
dense shadow over ridge and vale and
canyon. The place, to all appearance
as isolated as a rock in midocean, ap
pealed particularly to Reavis' morbid
nature. Here at least he would be
secure from the Intrusion of wealth
seeking miners and the impertinent
curiosity of idle sight-seers. Pew there
were who would ever climb that rug
ged trail, since there were others far
easier and more accessible at a little
distance, and therefore would ever
think of venturing into the gloomy cul
de sac which he had selected for his
home.
He tollfully collected the pieces of
broken bowlders which lay scattered
over his small territory, and built for
himself a cavellke cabin on the banks
of the little stream near the center of
his natural stockade, and prepared to
pass the remainder of his days In the
Eolltude which he had so learned to
love.
But those were the days, however,
when the cruel and treacherous
Apaches were the roving rulers <<f the
mountains and plains .'^rid valleys of
Arizona and dealt death and devasta
tion .wherever a -white man had the
hardihood to dispute their sway. It
was not long before they learned of the
hermit's advent into their wild do
main, and as soon as they <Hd bo th*>y
determined to Immolate him upon the
altar of their savage hatred for hla
usurping race.
Being as cowardly as they are mur
derous, a band of a dozen painted war
riors stole up the precipitous trail one
night, and Just as the morning sun was
rising above- the Plnal range sounded
their hideous war whoop in the si
lence-deafened ears of the man who
had heretofore reigned supreme In hla
mountain retreat. Fortunately, the
dog that had accompanied him Into ex
ile — a progenitor of the one that,
faithful unto death, defended his dead
master In these later days — awoke
Reavis from his slumbers before his
savage foes could carry out their In
tention of surrounding and making
him prisoner.
When their blood-chilling , challenge
rang out upon the midnight air, th«
beleaguered white man, entrenched be
hind the well nigh impregnable stone
walls of the place which was at once
hl3 habitation and his fortress, was
waiting in the darkness, alert and
ready for the fierce onslaught. During
the brief but bloody engagement that
followed Reavis' trusty rifle did deadly
work, and the discomfited warriors
were nt last forced to retire, carrying
with tlvm the bodies of four of their
comrades. During the ensuing year the
lone white man was attacked by the
Apaches no less than thirteen times,
and after each unequal battle he had
the grim satisfaction of cutting from
four to seven mortuary notches on his
tally • stick. This, however, grew
monotonous. Reavis had settled In
these mountains for the sake of peace
and quiet and solitude, and these oon-
Btant Interruptions were distasteful,
besides being: expensive In the matter
of ammunition.
After much cogitation he evolved a
plan which ho thought, and rightly,
too, as It proved, would forever rid him
of these unpleasing distractions from
his well-settled plan of existence. The
Idea he hit upon was a novel one.
In his happy and hopeful early years
he had occupied his hours of recreat
tlon by Btudying into the mysteries
and possibilities of the electric • fluid,
and had conducted in his own labora
tory a series of somewhat extensive
experiments, which gave him a clear
idea as tv the practical application of.
this irrestlble yet mysterious force.
After fully deciding upon his method
of procedure, the hermit made jour
ney t<> Tucson, a hundred miles dis
tant, I" procure th>- arficlep necessary
for the carrying out of his plan. lie
had brought with him into the wilder
ness, among his other possessions, the
battery which had so amused and in
terested him In* other days.- therefore
h^ needed only wire and powder to put
his designs into execution. These ar
ticles, after a long and dangerous trip,
during which he was obliged to travel
nights and secrete himself and his
burros during the daytime, he secured
and brought back to his cabin, and at
once upon his' arrival home' bepan his
work of preparation for the wholesale
tragedy he had planned.
With infinite toll he dug a pit eight
feet deep and four feet wide, straight
across the narrow pasa which gave en
trance to his home. Four kegs of
powder containing fifty pounds each
were then placed at equal distances
apart in the bottom of this pit, a hole
having first been made in the top of
each and wires fitted therein and care
fully secured. These kegs Reavis cov
ered with* a layer "of earth tightly
packed around them, and then filled
tha long hole solidly with more earth
and a quantity of broken rock. Dry
leaves and small stones and stii;k3
were .scattered over the surface to con
ceal evidences of a disturbance of the
ground, and then conne.ct.ing wires, in-..
Bulated by " broken" bottles, were
stretched along the line of mountain
ash trees that -bordered the stream "to
the battery concealed In the hermit's
cabin.
Everything was. now compete, and
Reavis was caper for the advent of
his untiring enemy. He had not long to
wait, for on the third night after he
had finished his preparations for their
reception, as the moon was slowly
sinking behind _o.kl Superstition, his
dog's low growl awoke him from his
light slumber.
Silencing his trusty friend by a lnw
volced word and a reassuring touch of
his hand. Reavis peered out into the
night and saw a dark figure steal from
the shadow of the bluff outside his in
closure into the shadow of a clump of
treeß just beyond his pit. Another and
another followed until twenty-six were
gathered there together, and as the
Bilent watcher, scarcely drawing
breath, kept his eyes fastened upon
them, they moved toward his cabin
In a boc'y, carefully keeping concealed
under the shadow of the foliage above
them. Just where the pit stretched its
hidden length from side to side of the
narrow -way, .the. line of trees-led boom
distance to the right of the cabin In
stead of directly toward It; and here,
as-Reavis had cunningly anticipated,
the warriors paused for consultation.
An Instant and a strange, low
rumbllne smote on their horrified ears;
the dark and silent cabin burst Into a
blinding glow of brilliant Illumination,
In the midst, of which their Intended
victim's figure. black against the daz
zling brightness, stood out in bold re
lief.
At the same moment, and before they
could even turn to flee from the terrors
that encompassed them, the very earth
beneath their feet trembled and rocked
and rose up into spac.e. It was. an in
fernal volcanic eruption of which they
.■:■•• -tin* - center/- in which shattered
and shredded ■ and seared human flesh
and bones took, the place of broken and
melted • stones. "Mountain . and canyon
echoed and re-echped he thurfderous
'reverberations of the awful explosion,
arid miles away the. tremendous con
cussion loosened mighty .bowlders from
their centuries resting-places and
sent them crashing downward through
the affrighted" darkness, I ling the
rushing, grinding roar of their de
vastating progress to jfiix? accumulated .
horrors of that night of > image. When
Reavls, gun and knife in hand, ap
proached the scene of death,, one In
dian—and one only— disengaged him
self, from .the confusion of horror
which surrounded him. and darted
out of the pass and around the point
of the bluff to carry to his brethren the
dreadful tale which won for Reavis
ever after the superstitious reverence
of his Apache foes. • . ' *
- For forty-four long years' he hai
lived secure and 1 unmolested in his
. mountain home, and even the bravest
warriors have fled at hi* approach a*
If he were the Death Angel in human
form.
His bones have been burled . on m
rocky ..ridge near a bowlder weighing
at least a hundred tons, which was
broken off old Superstition by the
cataclysmic ' explosion which he
planned and executed so skillfully.
But laid to rest though he is,- so lone
as an Apache remains alive In
Arizona he will tell the tale 'of the
solitary white man who, years ago,
killed the flower of their tribe by the
practice of devilish sorcery, and wai
permitted to live afterward because
even the bravest warrior cannot defy
the power of one who is in league with
the "Bad Spirit" and kills by magio
flame . "that 7 springs out of earth and
air at his bidding.22
nUammotlb ©ccawic *ffg Xairge^t Sbip JEvct JSaailt
'.:■■ *^
V "trt *\HTLH the reading public has
: \ A / be«jj tolerably Informed as to
\l \/ thrt ; Bi7'.* and speed of. the
• * great ooean liners and knows
•■••. .'■ .■'-'• ,". by how many feet each would
.ovf i rti>p.. ; ; the Washington monument or
how fnflnf <slty block» It would fill.
tli>fo. ;iW.' ii. ■ feature of t ha iminonHltv
, r t): i..- nhips of wbir.h. Vory little If
known. ! eyen by the luont exDerli
j-Vavpl^r;^'..'- TM* conoerm . the buairifia
inivhagertvent j 6f ..theß«j • ■■•!■, w.hlch In
... For sample, the operation of the'
Oceanic, the largest steamer ever bill!;.
•which arrived In New York on her
maiden trip last week. Involves a mul
titude <\f activities and Is managed on
a 'scale .".that seems almost Incredible to
the landsman. An inkling of her pro
portions may be gained from the fact
that it would take a miner tweutv-flve
years of steady work to .set out the coul
required to till the bunkers of th»>
OeeaiiiV for, a single, trip, while the food
I'Buppliea that she demands for each
.yo>a|a> would more than support the
imine.i' and hi* family d ring the whole
-.To -appreciate tha vaHtness of the
business operations connected with the
■greatest : ocean liner it Is necessary to
rid one's mind of the Idea that she Is
ii shlp.as our father* understood that
term. , She is not nned by sailors,
and the; 'seamen form an inconsiderable
number. In the make-up of her crew.
'•Nor is she a it ing hotel, v:= the mng
.iii'.iue \\ liter Is nd of calling her.
Ther«v is no hotel that compares with
her invthe extent and variety of Its ac
tivities. The Oceanic Is an ocean cltv—
nothing less. When she Ib at sea she
lissi population of 2000- an great a«
jnany a town with county seat asplra
tlor.s can claim. A score of different
trades and occupations are practiced on
board her. Bhe has independent light
ing, heating and- refrigerating plants,
machlna Shops, a printing office, a oar
penter shop — In short, almost all the
equipment of an up-to-date community.
l£o toe (Mto«et of toe Cup. 11 Haebtiwg Bona,
together with much that In peculiar to
herself.
To all practical purpoaes, eaoh voyage
reureaei ta ■ complete buslnt'es venture.
Ail accounts are rendered B^parotelv for
each voyage The crow, from the can-
In In down, are engagred at the European
port for each round trip. They are
technically discharged at the conclu
sion of th* voyac^i and must Blsrn new
artlrlen before they are nhlppod bkhlh
As soon ms the liner ties up at her pier
at the end of One voyajre the prepara
tions for the Bucceedlnjc one beerln.
While cargo is being discharged from
one side great barges are pouring POal
into her bunkers from the other. The
Oceanic has a coal carrying canaelty
of 3700 tons, Litd burns upward of *'-00
tohsioh each voyage. It requires the
sri-vlce of sixty men working steadily
for forty hours to coal her. and the
operation costß about $1200. •vi... coil
Itself costs about live times that
amount. In other words, the coal bill
of a vessel like the Oceanic while she
is at sea amounts to the tidy, sum of
$1000 per day. ■ .
While this operation is going on the
ship undergoes a thorough clean-In*
that makes her shine like a new dollar.
l'alutvrs, repairers and .cleaners swarm
over her. Truckloads of provisions
amounting In the aggregate*. to half a
hundred tuns are put on board. Every
piece of her machinery; every plate and
rivet is carefully Inspected, and by the
time the cargo Is i shipped and passen
gers come aboard a .mutter of $5000.
aside from the cost of coal and pro
visions, has been, expended In prepar
ing her for her voyage.
"While the captain is of course the
supreme authority, the actual m:\nnge
nierit is CQnducteti-by throe separate
departments. The; first of these con
cerns itself with the Bailing of the yes
sel.'jand Is presided over by ■!:•■ chief
THIS MONSTER VESSEL REQUIRES
FIVE HUNDRED MEN TO RUN IT
AND WILL CARRY 2000 SOULS.
Sach Voyage a Vast Commercial Enterprise.
HAS DIFFERENT DEPARTMENTS,
LIKE THOSE IN THE AD
niNISTRATION OF A CITY,
navigator under the directions of the
captain himself. The second is the
engineer's department. This is under
the direction of the chief engineer, with
whom the captain seldom interferes.
It is all important to the welfare and
progress of the ship, but the passengers
see practically nothing of its opera
tions. The third department looks after
the wants of the passengers and is un
der the direction of a chief steward.
The first of these three departments
includes the only men on shipboard
who can properly be called sailors.
Their duties, however, are not those of
the traditional Jack tar, but consist
largely of scrubbing decks and operat-
Ing lifts and machinery. In fact about
the only item of their work that recalls
the old-time duties of the ;;al!or is in
the drill for maiming he boats, which
they are compelled to go through at
regular Intervals The men under the
direction of the navigators a::d their
sub-offlcprs number about 100 In ail.
In the engineering department fully
200 men are employed. The officers in
clude, besides the ehi-'f engineer, a
score of assistants, hydraulic ers,
refrigerator engineers, water tenders,
keepers and a clerk. There are
65 stokers, divided into three 'shifts,
whose duty it is to shovel Into the
twelve furnaces the 3. )0 tons of coal
THE fiTTNDAT CALL.
requi ed to keep the ship at full speed
during each twenty-four hours. As
man) more "trimmers" pass the coal
the bunkers to th» furnace door
.. • . rs look after the
I ■ 1 ne rooms.
The stokers, who perform the 1
arduous labor It is possible to con
of, are pa 1 month, while the
niers and greasers receive a little
less than this amount. The men are
all employed In European ports, as it
Is possible to secure them there more
cheaply th in In America- Most of
ili.::. are s indinavians or Irish, while
the engineers as a rule are Scotch and
the sailors English.
The culinary operations "f the
Oceanic dwarf those of even the largesi
hotels. V> less than twenty-four meals
are served n shipboard every day.
There are four >ach ;'"i the tirst and
second cabin passengers and the offl
i >ts. Thi l c ai c I hree • n.ch foi the
steerage passengers, 1 1 1 • - engineers,
stewards and sailors. Bach of I
Beven big families has its own staff of
cooks, numbering between thirty and
fiu-ty altogeth* r. There are about
seventy d n stewards- waiters
they would i>- called on shore and
about the imber of bedroom
stewards ■ ; i hamberlains.
The vast responsibility for supplying
food to the steamship mmmunltj- rept&
pally upon the chief steward
Every afternoon he retires to his cublr.
and p : The menus for the fol
lowing daj a - ne for each of
rous families from the elabor
rs of the first cabin
f..;ks to the comparatively .-imple fare
. :' steerage and crew.
These menus are then printed by the
ship's printer and distributed to the
chefs of thf various divisions. They es
timate it"- amount of various food ma
terials that tiny will require and sub
mit these estimates to the steward for
his approval.
The next step is to make requisition
on the storekeepers for the various
moats, vegetables and other articles
th< Bea appetites
s. The • xtent of this an
; • tlte may be i 1 from the fact
lhal the Oceanic ships for each trip
• ten tons ..f beef, three tons of
such other meats as mutton and veal.
two tons of chickens and nearly two
lons of ducks, turkeys and such gamo
birds as may be In season.
These are merely the fresh meats
which are stored in ■ ne big refrigerat
ing room down in the depths of the
ship. The vessel carries also two ions
of smoked and dried meats, 2000 do7.cn
rB. with fish, green vegetables and
fruits in proportion, of groceries and
such commodities as will keep Indefi
nitely, the provision stores are kept
filled.
In another cold storage room the ship
carries 5000 pounds of hutter, 2<">oo doien
eggs and 300 quarts of milk and cream.
Another item not to be overlooks! is
3000 quarts of Ice cream.
These figures give a. ready basis for
computing the amounts of these .vari
ous commodities used each day on
shipboard. In addition, it may be said
That fifty pounds of coffee and over
thirty pounds of tea arc required dally.
Naturally a vast number of dishes are
required. There are 1500 silver spnons.
f orks and knives, an each vari
ety of plates, cups and saucers neces
sary to meet all requirement p.
To wa?h all these dishes is no light
task. For the most part it. is done by
machinery. Big baskets of soiled
dishes are lowered Into tanks of boiling
water which cleanses them thoroughly.
Then they are dried by hand. Tho
silver and finer china is washed by
hand, and this work keeps a force of
ty men busy.
Of table and other llrren the Oceanic
requires enough to stock a shop to last
out a voyage. Ther^ are 1000 table
cloths. 15.000 napkins and the some
number of towels. Unlike most of its
(hold operations the ship's -laun
dry work is done on sh">-,. at the end
of each trip in a plant maintained by
the company for that purpose.
The cooks are am-ong the best paid
of the ship's laborers. Chief cooks re
ceive from SSO to $75 perrrionth accord
ing to the skill re ' them, on
the other hand the stewards receive
the least of any class, their wages be
ing only about $15 pr-r month. For th*
most substantial pari of their Income
they must rely upon the tips of the
v >assene><rs.
While n»ne of the ship's employes
from the captain down receive rates
of pay that are at all munificent, the
great nun ■ ■ • . c( j mak^s
the salary list mount up to a heavy
sum. On 1 it J X) per
month is paid in salaries al me.
■ gures that
-' ' ' : 't::.^ ag] liner
la v • ■:■>• large; I that has
been o and
,
ipacity i ■ ■ tnic i? ■
■h. When the cost .if re
-. Insurance and the
!n the value of the ship ;• taken
account the pr g r^p
ts only a fair retun
100, which :
triumph of the shipbuilder'? skill •
sents. E. W. MAYO.Pen Picture of Miss
Crocker as She
Jfs at J4ome.
ONE of the loveliest girls whn has
ever breathed the fogs and faced
the winds of San Francisco has just
fallen heir to her estate of woman
hood and four millions of dollars.
She Is to make her entrance :nf<-> society
thiß 6eason, the latest New York excite
ment. She Is to be lovely and loved as
her mother was before her and her grand
mother fven before that. The mother
long since forgot the laughs and the
dances— and the tears, ten, that will now
and then wedge a way In, past even the
golden bars that wealth lucks. The
mother is not here to triumph In the
triumphs and rejoice in the rejoicings and
live it all over again.
The grandmother is. She has filled the
mother's pace for all these thirteen
years back, and she Is watching tho
daughter's daughter now, living and mov
ing in the guise of the other.
Son Francisco reminiscences date back
to the time when "Teenle" Mills and Jen
nie Easton curried on a cousinly com
radeship and a cousinly rivalry too when
it happened. Tradition says that
Francisco society was driven to the verse
of distraction for many long months won
dering which one of the cousins
Crocker was going to settle upon. He
waa a butterfly between two flow* r
a bewildering length of time, and history
shows that at last Miss Easton surren
dered. Her cousin "Teenie" was after
ward won by Whitelaw Reid, co that the
distinguished cousins f>oth became the
brides of distinguished Americans.
There were three- happy little people in
the Fred Crocker family— little peop'e who
played a.nd teased, and were naughty
sometimes. Just like others. I don't doubt
for a minute that Jennie sometimes want
ed the blonde do:l at exactly the same
time as Mary, and probably Mary •.
have be«n very much inclined to slap if
Cat 7)eclines 7/farti/rdom.
BttuSents of one of the big universities in
this city have a cat that has utterly re
fused to become a martjT to science. Its
history l» another instance of the refining
end elevating influence of science.
Professor Blank asked J. P. Morgan, the
Janitor, to get a cat for him.' as he wished
to illustrate. his lectures on '"Respiration"
by experiments upon the animal. Mr
Morgan succeeded' in' getting, one with the
aid of some email boys. When his stu
dents had assembled the professor put the
cat before the glass receiver of the air
pump and began to pump out the air. Be
fore the piston had time to move more
than or.cc or twice the cat began to feel
Very uncomfortable, and, discovering the
Here Are. Twelve Silhouettes Drawn From the Model Above by Sac Francisco Public School Children.
she had not reflected in time that Jennie
was five years younger— only a baby, of
• ■ And I believe it highly probab'.e
that Templeton drew sprangly rubber
bands through an inked c<irk one day and
dangled a clutching spider in the wake
of Ills sisters' squeals. Wealth Is such a
stupidly unimportant thing to little peo
ple.
Mrs. Crocker died in ISStf, when Jennie
was only a baby. Her thirteen years of
child life ! -pent Ignorant of the
moil.. But Mary can look back
through a glirapsy haae and see little pic
tures.
Ever sine- Mary was a mite of a girl
the friends of Mrs. Fred Crocker have
ier in the face and ways of i.er eld
.uphter. Even In the days of her
knee-long, starchy gowns she was her
mother over again. She was fair-haired
and the hair has turned far darker
of late years, but the resemblance has al
been marked.
An old friend of the family remembers
the young lady's first introduction to so
ciety, when* she was hardly turned 3.
• • invited to the big house up on the
were received by Miss Crocker stand
ing beside her grandmother in the great
picture gallery that everybody knows.
She v ■ : -in atumpt and bewitching
in result. She was a ruffly little white
fly-away, with pink ribbons that fluttered,
and she was the prettiest picture in tho
whole gallery. She promised in those
days to be petite and fair— she has de
ceived so far. but the quick wit that she
was known for then Is as quick to-day.
although the blonde little sprite has
stretched up into a tall and stately bru
nette.
The years of growing up have been
spent in the quW ways of a schoolgirl.
There was a governess at first, and later
came an Eastern seminary and then study
iperture through which the air was es
-aping, put her foot on it and thus corked
:he pipe and stopped the removal of the
iir.
Several subsequent attempts to carry on
.he experiments were alike ineffectual, for
as the glasß cover was put over
".er and she felt the removal of the air
[he cat would put her feet over the pipe
iiid keep them pressed there.
The students, struck by the remarkable
ntelligence shown by th<* cat. asked the
irofessor to liberate the animal, ar.d loud
red" her self-po^.-cssion when the
at. after coolly cleaning herself and
smoothing her ru filed fur. |ump<
md rubbc-d against the legs of the stu
lents sitting on the front bench.
THE ART FAD HAS STRUCK THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
PAINT BRUSHES GIVEN A
REGULAR PLACE IN
THE COURSE Or
INSTRUCTION.
THE sytem of art training Introduced
Into the San Francisco schools
some two years ago ha.= passed
through the elementary. Introduc
tory, somewhat uninteresting, stage, and
reached a point where production brings
an Immense satisfaction to both mistress
and pupil. The children are led to stud>
nature and life and some really creditable
results are obtained with flowers, foliage,
landscapes and even the more difficult fig
ure. Values are carefully looked to and
the weakness of too much detail avoided.
The work Is certainly educational, but it
has also Its humorous and pathetic side.
Wad some power the piftie j?le us
To »cc oursels as ithors see us
Need no longer be the wail of the pessi
mist, for the power is with us in the
cunning guise of the silhouette, the new
est reach of the art course. With leaf
and tree and landscape a certain liberty
may be taken without apparent loss of
Identity, but the human figure is another
matter.
The accompanying art exhibit is "Just
One Girl" — believe it or not, as you please.
A class la Pacific Heights School having
done some particularly satisfactory leaf
work, was rewarded with an opportunity
to try Its talent more ambitiously. Tho
model turned her back upon fifty earnest
•workers and In twenty minutes became
a population. She is a dainty, fluffy,
beruffled, perfectly symmetrical little
maiden with her hair in two braids, and
she does not wear a silk hat! What of
thai. Imagination— that Is precious and
must not be crushed; the "seeing: of
Mary
Crocker,
rhinos unseen" must have no prohibitory
limit if you would develop the genius of
the future. Just give a healthy boy a
little fncourapf-ment and suffiek-nt time,
and he will prove you a hippopotamus a
paz> lie with no unrighteous intention.
Truly, everything: depend? upon the point
of view.
If you are proud of your back just let
this class take a brutal shy at you as a
model and you will be speedily disillu-
Bloned. "We know what we are, but
know not what we may be" (come) In the
hands of Young America.
Prom what can be learned by various
inquiry, art is rushing in inky torrents
through the department. It is violently
usurping a good share of the time once
considered by the fogy necessary for the
three R's, and the salt of the rising gen
eration will no doubt be earned aspir
ingly. If mamma wonders why Mary and
John are more dauby than usual, be it
known that, with the more progressive,
the brush has superseded the pencil (the
Chinese brush that our Celestial cousin
uses for a pen. Patronize white labor.
Hurrah!) and that ink Is the medium of
expression. To empty a well at a sitting
Is no trick at all. "Fill the brush inkfull"
is the law of the (silhouette. Not all of It
reaches its destination— some of it falla
by the way and Is carried home to
mamma in artistic splashes. All trips
from well to paper are not equally dis
astrous. There are Jekyll days and Hyde
days, and It may come to pass that on
one of the former Mary and John owe
each other a grudge, and pay It when the
THE SUNDAY CALL.
teacher's brick is turned, liberally and
with a steady aim. After this silent in
terchange of court* sies they no doubt feel
better acquainted, right pleasant and
mirthful, in fart, The real cause of the
Is not likely to reach headquart rs.
Their joint account lays in silence. 1
(unless children have changed since
my day) represent the complete readiness
of their respective constituents to go to
war on tho subject around the corner.
(Xote — Will Deborah Dean© please print
THE MODEL.
SILHOUETTES EROM LIFE
EAST BECOMING THE
RAGE AMONG THE
YOUNGSTERS.
a receipt for removing Ink stains from
pale pink frocks without removing the
pink?)
Do the chlMren like it? Well rather.
Whi darea set a mete and a bound to
the happiness a youngster can get out of
a paint brush? The very mention of the
word makes fifty pairs of eyes sparkle,
fifty happy faces flush with anticipation.
When fairly In the swing of It, the whole
creature is In the work, brain, body, heart
and soul, and he means to produce a
masterpiece. Tidings of his intentions
are telegraphed through the fearful ten
sion of his attitude, and as the teacher
lotes or falls to note and reward his ef
forts, so shall he gain or lose his future
devotion.
When the fever Is on he paints all
right and has mighty little time for
geography and spelling- His choice of
Burft.ce is often startling 1 . Landscape ap
pears on the palms, portrait upon the
fingerralls, foliage upon the cuffs and a
menagerie between the book covers, pre
ferably on the fly leaves, but the text may
be utKized at a pinch and an economical
mode of Illustration suggested to the book
publisher. Let the illustrator look to his
laurels, and particularly, let Gelett Bur
gess beware, for the original Is more virile
than th© copy— the real thing beet got at
the source. Young America with half a
chance could shock himself Into popu
larity in the twinkling of an eye. Your
10-year-old is the most daring of God's
creatures.
Nor is ink the limit. Color Is creeping
In, and any right-minded class scorn* to
Receives her Sstate of
four Million
abroad in a Parisian school. The* subject
of education has been a bone of some
family contention, for Mrs. Baston is far
advanced in her ideas of woman's edu
cation, and she urged a college course
very strongly. Miss Crocker urged very
strongly the other way. and the result is
that her school days are over now, while
Tacitus and logarithms hold deeps that
she will never sound. Mis Crocker's de
cisions are characteristically positive.
Her girlhood has been -. irgely
in the East, that the muiority. perha]
her friends are there. Her time in
fornia is largely spent at the c
home in Burlingame. Miss Mary Sv- tl
one of her San Fv.:: ms — it is a
friendship that reaches even unto the
crowning height of bring photographed
together. They are strongly contrasted—
Miss Scott's fine, distinct, a bit of cold
fairness against Miss Crocker's greater
Southerrmess.
Miss Genevieve King, a Smith College
girl, is another of the little circle, and
many are the visits exchanged between
her and Miss Crocker. Miss Crocker cares
not a whit for the dear five hundred
•friends, but chooses a few who are near.
Bhe has known the most charming of New
York and Washington people, to whom
Mrs. Reid has introduced her, and they
have admired and loved her.
The dearest of all her comrades died
two years ago. During her father's life
time he and his daughter Mary were in-
Beparable companions traveling here,
there, everywhere, together. They so
journed happily at Monterey and at Castle
Crag and at all the summer vacation
places. With all that this new heiress has
to make life glorious, there are two wants
in her heart that no power on earth can
ever fill.
She Is in our city Just now, resting
In the California-street house. Her
aunt, Mrs. Alexander, is with her,
Xjhe jolly Sgyptians.
An interesting papyrus recently discov
ered -shows that many of the ancient
Egyptians were quite as fond of drinking
good liquor as are any of the moderns.
In this papyrus, which is 3000 years old,
the philosopher Ani writes the following
words of warning on the subject of in
toxication to a student in Channu:
"I have been informed that you are not
only neglecting your studies, but that You
are also Indulging in the most frivolous
pleasures, and that you spend a good deal
of your time in drinking. Now, how can
it benefit you to drink so much beer every
day? Take advice and shun that insid
ious liquor."
practice frugality In Its use. The ink
training does not lead up to that virtue.
Now two colors make a fine tint. three
are less satisfactory, and four make mud!
Just here a mocker of progress, who
can't be taken seriously, called out to the
writer: "If fads must be given the glad
hand, why not make a fad of anatomy
and physiology and train up a regiment
of doctors? They are permitted to bury
their bad work, but the bad work of art
ists Is always likely to be hang-ing around
somewhere in plain view." Obviously the
fellow !s a pessimist.
Does the teacher like It? Now you're
prying behind the scenes. But if you in
sist, of course. Having Just about
enough to do, and lagging- a little behind
the popular scamper, is very quieting even
to the folk who are neither fogy nor re
trogressive; and the breadth of this ink
and water-color field is a little bewilder
ing- to the unguided, overoccupled wan
derer. The pertinent question Is: Can sho
be a certificated and competent (the terms
are not necessarily Interchangeable)
mathematician, grrammarian, rhetorician,
historian, geographer, scientist and gen
eral moral whip, and at the same time
on artist with foreshortening and the like
and a Nicholson eye for values at her fin
ger tips? Can she be all this with an un
impaired digestion? To be lesa Interroga
tive, art, letters and time seem to be
pressing upon her in different directions,
and she has no choice but to bravely
await the moment when they shall meet
and crush her Into an educational pulp,
Requlescat In pace. DKLIA CARDS.
and they are soon to return to the
Eastern cities. The solemnity of the
great house without gives the lie to Its
brightness within, and not the least of
this briehtness is its young visitor. The
potted palms seem a rather jollier green
when she Is there, and the marbles are
not quite so cnld. and the great mirrors
■ happier faces. Most cheerful of
all is her own cozy retreat upstairs, be
low whose window the hills drop away to
the town.
It had been planned that Mrs. Alexan
der was to introduce Miss Crocker to
!:i society this season, but the
dainty little golden-haired woman is so
ber now. for there is mourning In the
family. Mrs. Reid and Mrs. Mills will
make merry times, however, for the
young heiress. Mrs. Reid is not Aunt
Teenle in reality, being only the cousin
of Mrs. Crocker, but she is the sams as
an aunt to her cousin's child.
When New York receives Miss Crocker
it will find a tall, rather slender girl with
an expression tha{ is serious at first
glance, and animated only at closer ac
quaintance. The face is rather long, eyes
a bit dreamy. They droop at the corners
to give a sign of cleverness. Her mouth
is small and sweet. She is more striking
than beautiful. She is unusually bright
ami keen. Her disposition is sunny and
lovable, her opinions are pronounced and
her will is strong.
She dresses simply and beautifully, with
an eye of her own for color and form.
Her hair is worn in the heavy, forward
pompadour that Ethel Barrymore has
made famous.
Miss Crocker's height and dignity make
her at times appear more than her years,
but the girlish roguishness peeps out
from behind. Her personal attractions
bid fair to make her one of New York's
most famous, bo long as she shall grace
its fashions.
From other sources we learn that stu
dents in the land of the pyramids en
joyed their beer, and were quite as fond
of playing practical jokes as any of their
descendants.
From the diary of an Egyptian lieuten
ant who flourished about 2000 years ago
we obtain the interesting information
that a quart of beer cost about 5 cents,
and there are various entries in the book
which allow us to infer that tho average
Egyptian never dreamed of quenching hia
thirst with less than a quart at a time.
"Indeed," says the erudite Egyptologist
who has deciphered this diary, there ara
various facts which justify us In describ
ing the thirst of the ancient Egyptians
as pyramidal."
2324
AN EGOIST AND HIS QUEER HOME
- ■: : ; N.r- -: - the Egoist
. - ■
T^e Wild Escapades oF the
yoUni D^ke oF yHarj
:: • Chester.
■sat by tc~i-: cl binb.
■
" - ■
I
-- • '
- .
Its :-f b-5 rroti. tbe I>tiie rf
y t -ir v .j»» r »•— bis .ir^.zi2.s'^ > 5 to ke-f p birs
ti>? i*s.tb. liil. c* bis dissoJuie
:.
■
■
i •
-
-
- -
■
-The I>=ke c-I ■v hots v is "b-?H
: ' -
Ct~? : "^?'L; Yz^ica. Tth? r^irr:?^; hi*
■
1
"Sr IE?: S.-1 ii-i. r-fr^ y«Lre larer, &
■- - ■
h- sbccM b*v- btn ia: the, fall vl^tsr
TJ--» prfs^t Dts^*- ■«£* ief: a >ra.rr
or debts -"-bid: i- has strlyeSL, trt*.h tbe
t ail the ~.b> E^esd-Jhrift* wb©
■
rr: fci lyes* c^e occa[sJor !r> gWrf->g hta
«lf i^rled lr-.t t ;clk^- ««rt. The
preswat i*-£rer cf tb» titi? hits bo las
r^s'siyryd tt> tsrji^s tv«t_ "but b* h.ii
fc**a ti tb* eo[ustj e»urt 5.= CefcaSist
is i PB*t in~?irlrr s. Exery Js£D f:r f3r.
-
to ticf** ■n-'crtrT s-?ti5 — HisaboStad Ca*
is. tl» sir? eca^ztr. £.:~sd Tariitnir**
Cart:?, Cc>u=:v Arrz:icit— ari2 -n-ftis ib«*»
ii.r** pi^s.c?* C- yov<g tj en liis *-t «■»»*«
i
■
•srltiiC'-xt xr;.2 tie ircsey to =usist*-r tc
He -c^r: to Etso iai Crr=briir-. Kls
catlesre B£e vss c^» tt-hs crsns. H? ws&2
S» take parties cJ f»II;-a- stcierti to
KLnb^t^a CiLstl?. Trh?rv h? er::ertzi-*i
-r - ■
r=r? to deiraj- th? expenses. He i...
ways ts.i a. s=7pjr cf b^rlest:^*
s.rtr^?«es *ni ci.o-^s giris to t«;
things Ht?^ tt Qkm e^terULir^ierts.
Ik ll Mi castles ti-ere tr* a>* bat
thr«-e iULbitaiC-e — -Am b=i the 2>ci.»
still l>ri?s ■=? s^rerelr, a^ri -sriieiiSTar be
Ebr-B-s big f i: s» tj p^te s^ciery eocss
Fir.cx dr?s* bxZs ««*=: tr ha-re s. ;»•»
:..- -^5 i_si
The Du^e Attends t^e fancy Dress Be:: in His Bathing Suit
THE SU3n>AY CALL.
h?re. but b? als'i £t hesne jurt arxr —
■K-crkinc over thar In thet florist place.
Pm groinr that Tray; if yer brents :■:
pee -jLirn St'iii him ctct,
■.--' " ' - -
ca^T? rtranrer bef or* I h£.d ttiae to etj
rwer; "kind cf c£L I thir.fc. Neat,
though, ijart itr
"Tes. 3 troiiii like to see hlrr.. I.
ytra thir-k he ttIU iet ist -:•:£ thn»s.£ii
the hjea&eT™ I eLptti
"Tes. oh. yes." h»- cell*- 1 ! ej he ambled
i~"wr; th» road, "he elvio'e iiiec to Jiave
Is a Je"sr racraerts £ man crfrs?c in £
waite liiea coat very isneh lie -n-orse
frr -wtar thEbby brbwa trDiisers, a
cs? C 3 the bt-k cf hi= h-ecd. evened ih*
pEX.e £Xis Tv;»li:£-2 Seio tb* ya.r-i. H:f lace
■u"2is T€-d E3C t v urii?i2. c. J^jri:! rcxtsnsdie
hid a p]* > -&sszit mcfziix, l:rht irii-c^ -i-y~
brcw-5 r£T? £ strm t-xpresrd-oa to a j»air
cf lipiit pray -eyes. A inau befw-eei S£
Bors tr s^*-s?r:. -rETtlei artfusfl tie
vcci<3. serreS ir: I±h? Uiiitt-d Fisies
t-TTny for £t? years a^d uott Srts3frfi
c c"^l xc Ht^* £-Dw ij^ iij bis QviS-iti* I-ti_ i r
1 tcua him -n-ba-t I Trssie-i.
flight aoeeiit,"- bus us-ir;r j-erfen IZile-
•TThy QTiK£i3-coi mETt* aro-arti tb?
v. .ird icT*-?"' — ir: E.nsv - ?T to iay qhes
-ii: r_ * i S&ea3is<e Ict-p i? a "O'ord tnirusrS.
There is "i fiosb* i_b:u: ;t. It is nncb
i^ssuaderKtciod: Br 2^ tiie truth.
Tr-uth ir t a 23 jot? — ioxra in the b'.-n.crs
p£f lj«rrts vr? 3ot« i:— r-t So -we dare
- tell :i' No. M^rb E5 « lore
»■»---• v TZ^*i c * b* T*'*!*"^ E-Zl "* CC^"**" 5 *^
--- . -
H* taikfe-a esiijy and «din?iy.
-..-■■ £z;5 7 --.-.-. fsrc tv"
■p-r;o bt-H?Tf2 &^i 2rr?s us 2 try to ir..
Th«y •aer~ egDist:, aiifi sr s^: L The
next "»rard, : . Satan, is *a?t a reminder,
Ka.tan is an iirafrlnary Vir.fr who Is
px^tnaed to trj- aud thvr&rt our pl&r.s
ar:f ainhliioas. *Pffi.r' I rmt nf-xt to
hirrL "STf ft-ar too mach, Now I,**
poistiriC at his shof s, the toe cf 'each
hE-nr.r be«j sestly exit out, *l \\k<* to ?ro
b£re-hf^3?d i.r ; j N&rc-footrd. It is
only thrc'UCh f^ar cf TfCT'le's tonsrues
1 do not. Pear is one of r.-.y wj a^r.essesk
1 placed cm the window, th'.nk
lag of tb? stragi^* after the ?eerr.ir.r-r
Alrnjcbir- aoller. B-Jt ix is not so. Ar.v
pexsmi -who c&Ti sun htiaseJt and have
enoaph to fa: lives it r&r&dlse."
"Peopl* Trbo csli themselves charit
able. -Rho Ere i^T-ays T.-crryins- their
scrub abcin charity, ain't livir.g. srer/t
coirr rrr»;>S — th-ey ixre simply self.sh an-i
■'!•:■:.■• try.to convert: P«»p3.e are hap
piest xis- th*>y ure. Uv-e your otttj life;
live it to suit yB-UTselt, saa you'll be
hsrrT- Pou*: ninatSe ani worry about
others. Xoir, "when I ttss builSir.c this
hDUFf -ib^y saifi fi^ this sad do that. I
•difl j-s 1 p-leasecL Built i: so I could
have su-Fhirif x.r.3 £ir wherever I
naovpfl, Br-3 peop3e thi-k it is Queer.
Fr-rbsp? ti :f. but h suits — c ari as
s-wtLrs sH my r&quirernents.'"
"What are thnse stars ar.i moou
■ lor?™. I askeS. pointirir to the tog
"Tb? srtajT tr> rrmiu-3 me cf heaven,
-
tbrre arj3 cc«uls ie«oi: Sotth £tj2 s?e aIL"
Hs rpe-Tied the fic^r-r ir.:o the house
Ei>d -w-r ".•?;;>?= ir-r j. rorra plairily fnr
nish^ii. 5-naH. ■vriib jurt rc>c-rs tsDugh
ThmuJch this Tf Trp*v^-i^ into & rro™
Mr. Xyg~e= calls his rauEie room A3
oriTEr; tsc £ violm h*ilp this man t-a
«^ -^-^ j l|l - 7'iT •«» _ __ ,
w S7 j -'• S* & *•"* -tx. jt ..---_ t^Z - E-^ -» % ' .* .
"Oast is -ry r~er^y." b? seSS, cc he
:- i- ...-■-..■..■ ._.'.■ ■ ' - .
" w e TaoK Hcuse '.'•. fclj •.-: : E
....
■
T- _ - : : _ r -_ .
-_- - . . - .
- | _ ....
. . - .
■..-.-. ■
: ■ -
Wi -
**I csiTi't play."" be ssJd, a« b* rxr bis
.... crer ih? keyE. They firiftefi irio
- ■
-
■ -
3c-y"5 Pr&xer ans be stopped £.t*ru; -; .
A . Tit^?^*^ p*? £JT"? fill ■£. 3~ ?* "^ * -• -' - ■ -- ~' — '
ten
**■£, 2. d c i c*?^ & ir 1^? "dzn* r^-^T*. x
• - -
... : •
: r
. ■.
; ««• i^'yv^ b"" "" T*>^-iy.~ "7" "O X"^f^ T"**'"'^'-. 1 **I r^^*
■ -
■■ s^ccoi s r t-CT7" snii-ii?— mix cz. tii? prrci:
] Triirii -ei>clrc]-:-5 ii. Tb* vir*sr -btxs per
■
- -
■ J
The Fancy ;-<:: Ban H*S
fop T T Odd =££-
Z-~~ -~ ■- ~ -- : ■ :- ■
tils year be created a. s»s-ssa;»3» >x
-if:..--:: r =:? an AsaesSraia >*&.-;:
der at c. fashirnaiue b£^iir Sk-35 is A.V*
7- . Z^wie'S JOT"? affair? 1 ?
r _r^-r -• _■; in f : "- Cf hi? XT^JLt? \<■£•-"*
---■--
■-■ cf Ne^ Trri. Her ?s.\t?r *-.-r
--
--■ ■
■Gai«-tv Tbealer tocTBTi a.? Miss Gladys]
Tht Znike's Eajt^er laterfer*^ this
tinis. He "a"23 later r?fTis*^2 by 2<li?s
2«lr t to b^>=i? a <fc:cfcwa.
Ti»n L* became erga^v^ to M 155 Joaa
"rTHf.O2, daughter ct Qatrlfis Henry
"WTll&cs. Trtxo is a brother of C» tagoas
ba-c-carat WUwkis cf Tanl'y Crcft. 'Mr.
"WHsoii is very rich. b<at is bee be
avowed tls inteniioE. cf lir^liirar his
i&'sghter'B dQwry -to Jli.C«>^ a year th€
I>=i:»:'s relatives broke ofT tie — atciL
Txi^r* ■w?re otier engs.S'riii^nts in
ra.pl -3 etrcoe-rFion, th"? las- of ncte beir^
to Cleo dt Mercxie. the famo-jjs French
Kis "woGin?, &ib?it vz-der the watch
isi *y* of th«e dascer's znc-zhir, Tras im
petocoi acl ardest. X? potxred pres
ectt teto b«c Lap. acl woul-1 ha'/e rnar
ritd h»-r hid Dot til* auitfc^ritles noticed
fcijs jex:±ii<lzn'A.h*r, the Docbtsa of De
roia6sitt, who b4Lates.<fc<l to Paris and
Inn h«rr %thxAtnn a«ay from bia
lat«t H'>j, Tb* I>»fce left Paris -»ith
<rtit »tyl?,ts *ii* titVfltT from whcm. he
ttcured tot hr4rjtU^ix, diarrios-ds acd
trltkjrt* ivirh wliJch h% fbtrsrered hi*
ftiJKt*, *cl it wg« '/nly «-h»fn threat
toed wlifc pf)**cytlca for evrlndlicg
tfc&t kt# r^UtJv** caro« to the front,
e*ti*fi*<l ii* fc .»Ti -.jam* and al-
.There, or the ts^ik ' bo-use — ere r»-»
Err-^ai bis" iin'wir'V-r.ir- -sy^F grp. ttjti g out
Into tbe BZr^et. They "were Eucb fcxcrw- ■
■**■< » ■ — .* — . & n^J r* ■ * * iITTJ C-. - «. _.*:_.» »«*.--*_—. .
"Oil, I "prazrte£ srme 'vrlsdi'Trß
XD.S.O'- tLC'DSr- ?T"es." ' '."-.
■i- - _
■ -
...
sa.; ac-T.vr: eta jorch rtfUrc.
• "Tiiz to~z pl£nt litose 'xr**?s ever yss
. . .
-
"'if-: — ir; fi--:i. ■LiEi ■rver^-ri-i^- ia
!::> ?u-:v?f t« s>stxer itself xr- zhe fftri—
"I: i= zhe Ki-zn? Trtjr in zH fa; :-;«t "»^*e"
- - -
zrsiist xrr>i b=- sd seLSsii ejf 1-3 rrx £9 err-.
Tin oii-er? ir cect t>slisf.- Z^?* :>i±;er j»?r—
;■:■=- 5k ri/jy |a ti.?±r dto itet-. »-t>* try
- - - - -•
**!*"T^y , ~JV r*£i, - h. *"*) 'iT* a **!li i»3" T*" "'* '** ' ' V-"^tl
: I
"TTs hiTf to s^^-sr sa rrrsii: r;&ir *zj2:
""C»=r part-Es? trsf r«rr .isill .irs. aa'i
-
Tfc* Dnaiff pf I>e-rrr.sr.:r» b«3 tried
:-x---l tv> k*?p T«bag Manrhtscrr fca tha .
>.: . ;h: r-s'i. tent ?? far 'witiksct &v*n.
«»3Ulsafigfcs: S^r ih? ■nil «: i^r&.'
Easfe«-HaiJet*s far^cy dress ball, t-b«.
? x "' ::i:= s caaa s??n? •d?:erm!res to jfoi&vr ■
f?.-her-£ fcc:s-.r?s to th 5 biit-r f ii.
Althc-gh it is sr^nfgQr thst &: T - s v
r>:'ser.t ca«aceat the T^nr^ Buie cswM
raise SSDS. he is ia no dasger of stirv
iac and «rer« he id trace cp the fct-^r*
siili holds ?n-nis- cf -a' -derate, de
-5T€-e of ©palecce for this speafithrift
His n»tH«r ard grand^cthsr ire jtoth
aßr£ ar.l benrc the=i they are dra^-
fcag aJwot J>O.OC«J a y?ar &taj the es
tates. His zrardmother, the ' Dat^ssa
cf Devonshire, although she nsariied
one of the richest Ehik'es in tte'-Uaited
fh'^ 2^ frO:n tie iIa ="^^ter estates.
iiuf sszn -w-as provided f c- h*- mdn
her rparriage settlcaeatk ari *she"d-
her pc^cd. of £-sb 1- irrriiiiftf
the fact that- she tarinSSlJ^S §
-
-
-
- -
■
more h«d i B -r-Vt M t'" re . o::c *
*
■
-
<■ •* -Cafifornia Has Become a Great Factor in the Oif Producing Industry of the Worfd.
The -Stcpy oF
■ , •■■'■'•OUr---'
--. Wci^pFUT
: totd by
OffTctaT
P"T$Td
Fci« Vh£
gETWEEN ■ i the set
very sun 15,000 barr--' - '.
■
the mills, fact
pa the great fuel
• has stood
like a ■ • of the manufactur-
Stal tor
tually and prof
w in
sh co
■
I of
s . to the world. This is
:
Cali
com-
t the State, yet In that
■ ■
■.'.y amount I
fall far
was in
; -1
■
• ■
.
.and- what were - of brea
rs for
- in a
prac ; ■ f Los An
il at
mty. The
a golden harvest
THE BOOK WORLD.
£~TvilS Man Who Dared" has been
I ', written In the shadow of the guil
■ I lotlr.o and the scenes and incidents
• I . closely follow the history of the
J^ Reign cf Terror. Since its first pub
. ■ libation in serial form It has been
materially altered in plot, giving It a
greater historical value, and considera
bly enlarging the text. The author, John
P. .Reiter, has handled his subject with
skill and realism and brought the horror
and despair and brutality of the period in
en echoing cry quite dawn the century.
In Us oft-repeated and stirring climaxes
the romance still bears the unmistakable
ear marks of the serial; hut, in the light
of sustained Interest,, this :s a good liter
ary pia/i, for it rushes the reader on to
the end without the dull feeling ever over
taking.him. Men's characters the author
handles with skill, but his heroine is
rather" too elaborately drawn in appear
ance and action to be quite human. She
Is more what, he would have ; .•■•r than
■what she would naturally have been. His
descriptions are realistic and convincing;
■his narrative easy and natural In style,
but his conversations are too often "by
the book. Excellent pen 'pictures are
given' of Danton, Marat, Robespierre, Si
mon. Tallien, .Carnot and others of th«
Jacobin Club. The bachelor dinner of
Earrere is introduced and intimately de-
Ecribed, and other historical events are
used as background and to help the march
cf events.
Jean Louvet,. the man who dared, is the
hero ..who, when Robespierre is at, the
height of his power, pits his puny strength
as an obscure member of the convention
against the power of the chief and his
friends, that he may save Citizen Vau
ban..the father of the woman he loves,
from the executioner's ax. He appears
the quiet, stealthy instigator of the plot
for the overthrow of Robespierre, tor
qnly through his downfall can the re
lease of Vauban,,- arrested as a
suspect, be accomplished. In the
c.&urse. of the narrative father, daughter
and rescuer all are confined In tht Con
ciergerie, are even rattled in the awful
tumbrils over the avenue of blood to the
F!;n:e de la Revolution. They pass the ty
rant on the way, being taken in another
tumbril to the prison where the Paris
mob is hurling the idol of the last hour.
By a piece of strategy, the condemned
escape in their tumbril by being driven
hastily from the direction of death by a
driver who has been schooled in his part
by the friends of Louvet. The romance
cicses with the downfall and death of
Robespierre and the happy union and con
sequent thanksgiving of Jean and Louise.
The book is an easy and pleasant road
to a knowledge of the French history
of the time, and li well worth the hours
Bpent in Its company. The book is well
Illustrated in halftones. ("The Man Who
Pared." By John P. Reiter. G. W. Dilling
ham Company: New York.)
Horatio Alger Jr., the writer of stories
descriptive of the trials and successes of
wage-earning boys, adds another to his
lift of juvenile works In "Rupert's Ambi
tfon." It tells the story of a boy whom
the world began by using no better than
It. could help an ended by leading well
and steadily on the road to fortune and
prominence. The story goes over the old
roads— they all do— but Alger's simplicity
of. style, directness of method, aversion
to deep plot or exciting incident, and
healthy moral tone, give his books a cer
tain value as amusement for the Im
pressionable growing boy.
■Rupert Rcl!!ns. th« vounir hero, an hon
for many years. Then came the deve'.op
ment of the oilfields of Ventura County,
and th^y havr o>.-en equally profitable. A
few years ago Mr. Doheney and ■ th< r gen
tlemen familiar with oil Interests sank a
test well in the heart of the city of Los
Angeles. They struck oil at about SOO
feet, and It was not long until the Sec
ond Ward in thaj city wai ; with
derricks. Oil was found ev< rj where along
a strip of territory running northeasterly
through the city, and In a short time
times
were two and three wells on a lot
■ ■ n a quiet
residence district was soon converted into
il oil field.
In the first stages of the development
of the oil industry in the South. I
was much fluctuation and variation in
the prices of the product. It v.
ally known that oil fuel was much
cheaper than coa • • per ton. but the
appliances for using the liquid fuel at
first were crude and uns y. As
a consequence many who started in to
use the oil abandoned it. as they were
unable to pet a full equivalent ir.
units. As a m •. the Santa Fe,
tes sixty engii -
southern ■: iving of 50
per cent in fuel bills, at one time
ready to give up thi
back to coal. But through the ir
mentality of R. H. Herron, a veteran
Pennsylvania oil man who made Los
orable lad, devoted to h!« mother and sis-
Rnda in his walk through life two
substantial friends : rj irmlesa en
enl>'- >mea a general
good fairy to every unfortunate boy and
man he meets. He passes through a varied
as bellboy in a hotel, making
many friends among the guests, who like
right way and Industrious habits.
He pa>^s from this experience to tl
a Western mining life and the ea
menta of a hunting expedition, the latter
a boy. In
spite of Charles Dudley W -
things of Hi to him drop by
drop, but In a rather steady and scarcely
Interrupted stream. If one mip
ar. opinion, his guerdons are a ?hade too
won, for the best and most heroic
effort is none too soon rewarded, and
th, fame, honor and the like ar
: on no !i?rht conditions, Rupert has
a contrast in one Julian Lorlmer, who,
through wealth, arrogance and ur.rharity,
- the b«?st that life has ro offer— few
wants, pure hopes and noble ends.
''Rupert's Ambition." By Horatio AlgT
Jr. Henry T. Coats & Co.. Philadelphia.)
Literary Notes.
Admiral Sampson's generous tribute to
the victor of Manila Bay appears in the
October Century under the title of "Ad
miral Dewey as a National Hero."
A new and cheaper edition of "The Let
ters of Elizabeth Barrett Browning," ed
ited, with biographical additions, by Fr<s«t
eric G. Kenyon, will be published during
the month in one volume by the Macmll
la:. Company.
• • •
Th» O. W. Dllllngham Company will be
the American publishers of the long-ex
pected "Memoirs of Victor Hugo," which
promises to form one of the most impor
tant works of the coming- season. These
memoirs, which will be translated by
John W. Harding, begin with the year
1520, when Hugo witnessed the coronation
of Charles X at Rheims. Like Daudet,
Hugo did not admire the Academle Fran
calse, which rejected him when he be
came a candidate for one of Its fauteuils
for the first time. The result was a sar
castic chapter on the institution that will
now see the light for the first time. The
work also contains the hitherto unpub
lished details of the execution of Louis
XVI, which were recounted to Hugo by
an eye witness.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^h
• •
Little, Brown & Co. will complete thts
autumn their Centenary edition of the
WnrmHey Balzac in thirty-three volumes
d by arrangement with Messrs. Har
dy, Pratt & Co. The Bet will include a
r.ew volume, the Personal Opinions of
Balzac, compiled and translated by Kath
arine Prescott Wonneley. The new li
brary edition of the Works of Edward
Everett Hale will also be completed; and
a number of new volumes will be added
to the uniform library edition of Daudet.
among them Kings in Exile and the Tar
tarian series, translated by Katharina
Prescott Wormelfy. A new series of Le
ver's novels is also announced. They will
also publish an Interesting series of
Juveniles known as the Children's Friend
series. Louisa M. Alcott, Susan Coolldge,
Nora Perry, Helen Hunt Jackson, Laura
E. Richards, Juliana H. Ewlng. X G.
Plympton and other well-known writers
for children are represented.
• • •
It Is announced that an English trans
lation of "Les Romanesques," by Ed
mond Rostand, is to be published by the
Poubledav <t BleClure Ca FAllowm* on
Angeles his home, the attention of larg«
fuel c was called to the most ad
•'Hances used In the East for
burning the new fuel, and a fresh start
was made. The manufacturing Interests
of San Pranci.=oo, ever alive to such ad
vantages, Investigated the liquid fuel
question, and many of them began to use
it.
Then came the wonderful oil dia
ries '.own in Fresno and Klr.g^
• :ies— discover :e? that held out ab
ea of the permanency of
:'. supply In the deveiop
mpnt of v ■ . ■ ; 'arr< Is per
day; wells tfaat did not require pumping,
but poured their oleaginous treasures
tha great gu«hers of
the Ohio, Western Pennsylvania and
West Virginia oil fields, and the Industry
• remarkable impetus. Out
of a tract of ground, barely I*so acres In,
- now being produced 4500
barrels I • very day. All of
this oil finds its way to the mills and
factories of San Francisco, and the cry
till for more oil. But a small per
ige of the industrial .-s Ta biishment3
of this city arc yet usins? oil fuel, but
ire rapidly beginning to realize its
tremendous utilities, and it will be a iong
time, oven with a rapidly Increasing pro
duction, before the manufacturing con
cerns here will be fully supplied. Tha
enormous advantage that a saving of
over 50 per cent in fuel bills will give to
n and its one hundred and thirtieth
sand. An amusing story which ap
peared in the Baltimore News is going
the rounda ta author. It reminds
one of th» old Quaker who said "nobody
in the world is quite right except me
and thee."
• • •
A little old Irishman, seeing the pic
ture of Winston Churchill displayed !n
the window of a Baltimore bookseller,
inquired of a bystander whom it repre-
Eented. Winston Churchill was the reply.
"Where doe?; he preach?* 1 Being told
that Mr. Churchill was not a preacher,
he ask«.-d: "Ain't he? What did you say
the heels of this announcement comes
that or the first English translation of
"La Princesse Lolntalne," by the great
French dramatist. This translation is to
be by Charles Renault, whose English
version of "Cyrano i de Bergerac" was
perhaps the best of the translations of
M. Rostand's masterpiece, "La Prin
cesEO Lointaine" is a play of four acts and
is practically an exquisite poem having
for lta subject the undaunted pursuit of
the Ideal.
This translation is, we believe, the first
made into English, and it is to be accom
panied by a portrait of the author and to
be Issued at the low price of 50 cents—
partly in the hope of a large sale, partly
to shut off competition. The author is to
receive a royalty from the sale of this
edition.
v' • ._\; • •
The Century Company announces for
publication in October a new edition of
T The Island," by Richard Whlteing, au
thor of "No. 6 John Street." This story
first nnnfifirad Mmo tan vaaxa glnpt . anri
THE SUNDAY CALL.
JI J'pouting Oil iOeii
was received with great cordiality by the
press of England and America, but failed
to attain the remarkable popularity of
the book of which It was the forerunner.
The new edition will contain two entirely
new chapters, apropos of recent events
in France. It has been revised through
out, and will be prefaced by a new in
troduction.
• • •
Just what has made "Point • Lace and
Diamonds" sell to a greater extent than
many a much boomed novel has always
been something of a mystery to its pub
lishers; but they are content to know
that the demand for it is perennial, and ,
they announce a new holiday edition of
this volume of vers de societe with illus
trations by Louise L. Heustla and with a
remarkable cover.
George A. Baker Jr., the author of this
successful little book, mysteriously dis
appeared from New York some years ago,
and his publishers and others interested
In him have never been able to ascertain
<«'V>°» hficaxna of him. V.i" "«'.,
our manufacturers over Eastern com
petitors can hardly be realized. With the
advantage of over 3000 miles In distance,
the day is not far dlstnat when it wilt be
a commercial impossibility for the East
to compete for the home market in manu
factured products.
The petroleum found In California Is as
variable In Its characteristics as the cli
mate of the Golden State. While all of It
Is good for fuel purposes there are marked
variations In Its specific gravity and Its
qualities not to be met with in the other
oil fields of the world. The oil found in
the Coalingra district is not alone useful
for fuel, but it Is also available for re
fining purposes and with the proper 31s
tilling device? it will yield illumiratine:
and It#>rlcating oils equal to those of
Pennsylvania. The California oil differs
from Eastern oil also lr. the fact that it
has an asphalt base, instead of a para Sine
base, and with proper handling this as
phalt base can be made to yield by
products of equaJ value v.lth paraffine.
There Is no doubt that the day will come
when a large share of the California pro
duction will be used for refining purposes,
bo that the possibility of an ov^-r-produc
tlon is a very remote and ill founded one.
There Is another use for petroleum in
Its crude state that will be found pecu
liarly acceptable to the' ranchers of Cali
fornia, and that Is for sprinkling dusty
roads. Crude oil applied to a dusty road
absolutely lays the dust, makes a firm,
elastic roadbed and only needs to be re
FORTUNES IN CHINA
THE Rothschilds, the Queen and
Lord Dudley own between them
most of the finest Sevres war© In
EnglaiyL
The most famous of Lord Dudley's
Sevres Is a garniture de cheminee,
for which he gave $50,000; it Is said that a
housemaid broke one of the pieces the
day after Its arrival at Dudley House.
Lord Dudley a few years ago had a sale
of some of his porcelains.
The collection of Pon-padour and Du
tarry Sevres, as It Is sometimes styled.
In the possession of Queen Victoria has
been valued by experts at much over a
quarter of a million dollars. And yet
there are only a small number of pieces;
these are displayed at Windsor Castle, in
the long gallery, where her Majesty usu
ally receives her guests before dinner.
One and a half million dollars is said to b«
the value of the Queen's poreclaln.
The value of old Sevres porcelain is en
hanced by the fact that ever since the
foundation>of the factory an exact regis
ter has been kept of all sales. Probably
the most extensive sale ever made was
that in 1778 to the Empress Catharine of
Russia, who paid for a service of 754 pieces
a sum of $80,000. which Is equivalent to
$200,000 at the present day. One hundred
and sixty pieces of this service were sto
len during a conflagration of the palace
and found their way to England, where
taev were purchased by the famous col*
newed once a year. It costs about $00 p>=r
mile to sprinkle a road with crude oil, and
this obviates the necessity of using water
on it. Already most of the counties in the
southern section of the State have begun
the work of making good, roads with the
use of petroleum.
To return to the matter of variations in
the character of the California oiis, it can
be stated that there are certain wells in
what is known as the Kreyc-nhagen dis
trict, which li< « south of Coalinga. where
a remarkably fine grade of oil. rich In lu
bricants, is produced. This oil when dis
tilled will sell from 26 cents to 85 cents
per gallon, and, of course, the crude oil.
which contains anywhere from 30 to 40
per cent of lubricants, will naturally bring
an enhanced price in the market. To-day
the crude oil for fuel purposes sells at
about $1 p«r barrel at Oil City. In South
ern California the price at the wells Is
about $1 25 and higher, not because the
oil is better, but because It Is handy to
a market. When the pipeline has been
built from the new northern fields to this
city the producers will be enabled to get
a better price for their oil.
When a well has once been drilled into
the oil sand its current expenso ;s a very
small factor and Its production is largely
a matter of profit. The oil developments
down in the valley are' rapidly changing
the desert wilds to well populated cen
ters, and land that was formerly consid
ered too poor to bear even the burden of
a perfunctory homestead location in many
lector, Beckford. But with few excep
tions they were repurchased by the Em
peror Nicholas and conveyed back to
Russia just before the outbreak of the
Crimean war.
Prices that appear absolutely prepos
terous are given for Sevres china of the
"Pompadour period," which dates from
1753 to 1763; for that of the "Louis XII
period," which dates from 1763 to 1756,
and for that of "Louis XVI epoch," dat
ing from 1756 to 1790.
It Is nothing— ssoo or $1000 apiece for a
Sevres cup and saucer, or a small pail or
a plate— that is, nothing to a Rothschild
or a royalty.
The finest collection of Sevres in
America belonged to Governor Lyon of
Idaho; it was sold at his death, and one
vase was purchased by Mrs. Ayres of
Xcv,- York for $50(30.
A New York lady, Mrs. Arthur M.
Dodge, has some Sevres plate similar to
the famous Chanteau plates at Fontaine
bleau. She has also some delightful ex
amples of the old English ware Spode,
which was only made at first for royal
and ducal families, and was a great
luxury. Cabbage rases is a favorn.e pat
tern of the Spode ware, or some "set"
pattern of deep blue. Mrs. Dodge has a
tete-a-tete tea Fervice of Spode decorated
with the cabbage roses. She has some
Nyon cups and saucers. This ware ■is
marked with a fish because the factory
Is situated on Lake Geneva. -
Mrs. Alfred Duane Pell is a collector of
fine china, and several specimor s it St.
Petersburg ware are treasured by her.
This is the only European factory which
never sells a piece of china, as everything
manufactured is reserved by the Czar and
Czarina for royal presents. It was found
ed by the Empress Catherine. Some of
Mrs. Pell's Russian porcelain is of a late
date, notably a plate made in 188 L Other
treasures ar» copies of the Prince of
Wales' Mintnn service, in use on his royal
yacht Osborne. They bear naval designs
and the three feathers and motto. Mrs.
Pell also has copies, in Minton, of Queen
Victoria's Buckingham Palace service.
The decorations are the rose, shamrock
and thistle; a crown and the initials
V. R. . within a wreath of roses.
Many multi-millionaires prize Minton
ware to the extent of paying $-'729 apiece
for plates. A plate of plain gold costs
lust about as much. For $136 50 one can
buy a crown derby plate which will an
swer everyday purposes.
Mrs. Bradley Martin eats her Monday
dinners from plates costing somewhere
about $173 each; of course, she has better
porcelain than this. Indeed she possesses
a large cabinet of china of great historical
value.
Mrs. Pierpont Morgan's choice is for
Chinese porcelains, which are not to be
compared with any others, so beautiful
are they, so their admirers claim. They
are as thin as paper, as brilliant as a mir
ror and as sonorous as metal. Mrs. Mor
gan has many examples of that most pop
ular of patterns — the one we can talk glib
ly about— the willow pattern. This is on
what is called Turner's Caughley porce
lain. The romantic story is always a fa
vorite of the cruel father who lived in a
pagoda; the armed knight, the maiden
fair, an elopement, a stern parent in pur
suit and finally peace, plenty and happy
days under a blue tree on the other side
of the plate.
"Royal" was bestowed upon the Worces
ter porcelains when Queen Charlotte on
her visit to the factory with George 111
ordered a service; the pattern, by the
way, for this particular service was a lily.
Mrs. William Astor's favorite porcelain is
Worcester ware.
Apropos of the terms porcelain and
R^dUctfon Try
the
PfTC^ OP
WtTT Make
■■•th?S Coast
a U^sd^i'
the
/Har|UFactUi-Tri3
WopTd.
sections Is now selling for gilt-«dg^
prices, with a constantly increasing de
mand.
It is a story in the valley that when Jo«
Chanslpr and Charley t'anfield came to
tho site of what is now Oil City they had
lowered their finances to $16! Theso gen
tlemen to-day have an income of over
11000 per day each. In addition to their
splendid holdings at Oil City they have
quietly picked up thousands of acres o£
land along the valley hilia, where the "oil
signs" tell plainly of the hidden treasures
below, and the day is not far distant
when thes* gentlemen will count their
wealth by millions; and all this stirring
sfory of financial enlargement is spanned
by but a few months' time. Such are tha
possibilities of oil. It Is not essential to
go to the Klondike when such opportu
nities are so near at hand.
Investigation has shown that the great
oil belts of California extend from 3aa
Diego County in the south to the Oregon
line. Just now the whole valley from tha
northern section of Fresno County to tha
McKittrick and Kern River fields In Kern
County Is the active center of interesS
imong oil Investors, and daily Immense
tracts of land are changing hands. Tha
California Oil Exchange is closely follow
ing all these linee of development aad la
preparing an elaborate system of maps
on a large scale that will enable the pub
lic to kc-ep thoroughly Informed regard
ing all developments and thus insure that
the Investing public will have clear light
on the subject before putting up their
money to acquire sudden fortunes In oIL
china. The latter is only "shopping:"
English, aii.l when you become a collector
and can talk intelligently on the subject
.ir china and say porcelain al
together and all the time; it is more ar
and esthetic.
Of Dresden ware Mrs. Joseph Drexel
has a fine collection, including many
specimens of the Marcollni period — about
17M. Chocolate pots of different shape*
are. among the choice bits of the collec
tion.
Mrs. Levi P. Morton Is said to have one
of the most expensive dinner services o£
Dresden in this country.
■ i forget-me-nots are th© usual
Dresden patterns. The mark is two
crossed swcrds in blue.
There are but four place? in the worUl
where one can be perfectly safe from
i^n in buying Dresden porcelain.
Th"se are the salesroom connected with
the factory, the royal porcelain depots In
Leipsic and in Dresden and a small shop
also in' Dresden, which is permitted to
keep defective specimens for eale. Once
a year there is an auction somewhere In
Saxony, where defective specimens—
"Fchlntz"— can be procured. In all fiva
places where you are sure of what you
are purchasir.i;
In regard to the White House china,
that ordered by Mr?. Hayes in 1579 was
the most elaborate and expensive, costing*
. which was pa;<l by the Govern
ment. A few duplicate sets were made of
this china. During Lincoln's time two
sets of china were made for th« Whit«
House. Sixty-one pieces of one service
now belong to Mrs. Dicklns. Pieces of
both sets have been scattered among
public and private collections throughout
this country and in Europe.
Since the Spaniards relinquished their
sovereignty over Cuba, and the American
military forces assumed temporary pos
session the sanitary condition of Havana,
as well ns that of other cities of the "Gem
of the Antilles." has been raised to a high
modern standard. The work of disinfec
tion and sanitation which was effected
under General Wood has been the subject
of many articles and a tribute to the
talents of that brave a:id wise soldier
and surgeon.
As in the case of Santiago, Havana has
been thoroughly ckansed. To-day she la
one of the. tidiest cities of the Western
hemisphere, which is saying a deal for
the genius of the Yankee.
To the United States the labor of sani
tation In Cuba has been of great value,
and to the inhabitants of the isle It has
been, of course, a still greater blessing.
A. E. Woolf, who hus devoted many
years of his life to the study of combat-
Ing disease germs, and who discovered
the combination of sea water and elec
tricity as a valuable disinfectant, re
turned a few days ago after a six weeks'
sojourn in Havana. Mr. Woolf superin
tended the erection of a disinfpeting 1 plant.
In which his germicide is made.
This plant was placed in operation at
the beginning of last July. It has a ca
pacity of IOO.uOO gallons per day. The cost
was about $50.fW. It was erected after an
Investigation by the American military
authorities. Lieutenant D. Gildersieeve
of the United States Engineer Corps had
charge of the work.
Sea water Is pumped into the vats of
the plant. It is then subjected to elec
trolytic action, which produres such
changes In the water that It becomes a
germicide. The germicide is sprinkled in
streets and in houses wherever disease
germs lurk. The American military au
thorities are generous with the germicide
They give large quantities to all peragna
who ask for 1; la Kavar.a-
2526
The v^y Latest styles
fye ."h$S2 cF Fastens
That fy* SJJN to PTeasa
GOLF togs are ail the go, whether you poll or no. Which rhymes and
5s no: without reason. For was there ever a warmer, more comfort
able garment to get lost in than a self cape? Match me anything as
chic and picturesque as a goii" jacket II you can. The short golf skirt
for rain or shine, for links or pavement, makes walking a delight,
end the lively rr.Jcrobr must do a double shufile to reach up to the hem of
these abbreviated skirt?.
The woman determined to be trem^r.douslv swagger this autumn must
get herself Into golf togs just: as promptly as possible She -m be out of the
race for smartnt?s altogether if she neglects to provide herself with short
skirts, capes, coats and all the oth^r golf whatnots. It isn't in the least nece»-
Bary that the -.vc-man actually play the heathery game. '
Plaids, p'.aids. plaids, that car. be heard a biock away. Red?, blues, green!
and a dash of yellow all ~p;!>d on tht* sane cape, yet a symphony in ••ids 1j
the tcut ensc-rr.t-lf-. The Gordon clan contributes the rich dark blues am
preens with red and yellow lines. Plaid a half a yard a mare are moderate,
and. id Ket?p a pr-jper balance there .are solid or broken checks with same
measunnes of an inch or two.
,_ Th<?n there are capes in two or threo shades built on a daintier color
scheme. Really, though, they are not nearly so pretty, as those that look like
the -kilts ar.a tartans worn by the Scottish laddies.
• These gcif capr 5 are as leeion as their wearers promise to be. They are
long and short. p!a!n and trimmed, but all were plaided. If the plaid is not
outsice it is irsiae. and many times it is both. In these days of reversible
garments the lightning change act is not confined to th? stage. With a re
versible BKirt and cape My Lady cart do the presto, change! equally well
Enough for the capes, the pictures may te!i the tale. But th* skirts a
mr/'JW" 3TT!SKt- . - >
THE STTSDAY CALL.
* AWtough Yc'j May Net
PTay th« Sam?, Wsa>«,
the Togs JUs^ th< Sarn^
special edition would not be space enough to prate of 'heir virtue* _. a
fasten in front, on one or both sides, with buttons or Hapc Tb-v ££ cut J o S
to sheathe the nearer as frankly as a mermaid in he- V C a'e< , a. . c .
shrrT -J^v S l ?^ tn 6 t t Uo^ stit f he<l and online* and they must not be too
character. That is. all the descendants of SSo?^sgSg
3u: to pet back to those skirts. They are really man n* int, Q - v „_,,
withal economical. For each skirt a^^s f fSfnS
Bide, most of them checked or plaid inside and plain outsi-e. Wh! n v v Si
of one material, just sirr.ply right about face the same skirt and ySa havl :
Ekirt of another color. 3OJ oa\e a
The little golf jackets are the jauntiest things that have harmened for
autumn girl. They are Parisian in the extreme and th« ra^ ? wl «° r the
one will giveV* splash of color to the grayer day maiden who flaunts
These jackets come in scarlet or mossfrreen trinr-pd -n-th «^^i^ l
Some of them are a combination of both color? and are \q^ Sv ;
ing. Given a pretty girl in golf skirt, crimson or Yacke?" ti* B Ch '
landscape setting, and you have a picture traveling rr ? nv a f ° per
The hats for these costumes are many and varied i^%han- «^ --
There is one for every face that ever puzzled the phvLgnomfs? Th, 9r *
shapes and sizes for oval or round, larg^ or small * i > norais i- There art
The summer sir] can put aside 'her frou-frou frilis wi'fcout n-ph n rt
ila«s? air eXChanSC tO theSe daShin » COS " :mts tßat
-— , — .. ._Tu;o of ttye /T\ost pritffytjdl Sfyipuyr^s Eu^r
:■■■:■ }. m" _
poor
: ll ■ Days
P of
; v; "[error
Gi^aßri^
aptir^e 19 a
p^arful Qale.
IN, the public, wards of the. city hos
pital "f Charleston. : S.- <".. there are
. two -.as" pitiable- specimens of human
■; fry f.?.' <,y.fs jever' rtsted upon. They
l.'a're^.Searrien/:' .Goodman Thomas and
■ 31 orris" A::dpr«on, survivors of the
Norwegian" -bark JDrot; that was wrecked
Off; the ' Florida. Straits during, the recent
tVest' Indian :hurrlcane,.arid who, 'having
been cast adTtft^fn "the storm upon a raft.
«ri(:ur^(f fcufferirtga which seldom fall to
the '.'.ur'.o'f human^belngS^S-.uffeFlnsj. which
ev.cn .drove them to cannibalism. .
.'.V/lth-Mie assistance of an Interpreter I
succr<;a.e'i 'Ah obtaining from thorn a
fairly, (ptelligent account of all' that hap
pfiu-d after -the Drot w.eiit. down. The
I.'r>jt' io'/t ' i ■.- a£ou'a on 'August/ 3, and
v.T:.s-"bou;:u- for Buenos A'yres. .It had on
boair.d a.Vcre'w of seventeen men and offl-
QersT-and maile ;ir. uneventful \:oy.age.un
tiy'frajguav .11." On that day. being ft the
Ftori'dav Straits? =.f£ hietjlhe full foroe of
th*' West -Indias hurricane, whiclr swept
tifi«th^ Atlantic i.oonst.- npretkdlng .<;"'PtriJc
ifa't\iln Its wak.o. ■ Tht- ba:i< was n^t-i very
Fti-'tit; ship at: best and withstood th§
fi:cy- i'il the storm, for i.u>' .* -II ■• m>^:s.
I'm. wreckage, w-'hen- it' camo, w.j.s com
pift'e, f.'ifj . v«H.aftl. /breal'.inj? . .{n! half, and
cui'rylr,tf'.du\y.n-Svit!i ■ .•• Its captain and
i'i£ht members of .his crew:
i-'he eight men remaining, among: whom
w.Sj.s the':' ship's mate, sought refuge on a
portitn Ct-.lhc deck of.tho vessel which
they -found floating riear- thera. On this
they •rinialned-'io.r -two. hours, their lives
h'Ar.)s iii .Irtirhj-ncnt danger at every
moment. Tlio'fraH raft then dh !ded. the
mute.' and .one seaman; clinging -to the
Bmaller, 1 portion*; whU'e si.t others suc
ceeded ; 'in.. Ft- tajrj :){,-• a footing, on the
lar.K^r "part. ' .Thtsi; m< n we're ' Goodman
XKoniaS. 'Morpfii Anderaen) M. So-rensen,
ij'liritiiu.h. Kerve.ndai; Oscar Nikaleon and
Max' Hoiimuri.. Thyy.'had neither water, nor
focd"; and their. only hope of sustenance
cor.sisjLe'it ' in 'a : li.shing line and hook
iv.hie-;-, Kervendai found In his breeches
packet.- Wlil,e tine storm by this time had
passed' on up. .the coastii the sea was roll-
Inn Jiifjtujiaijj .l;lgh. in .its wake, and they
d'?l TJO't' kl)ow lit- what moment they
rnlg'ht j»JI--i:u -to' the' bottom. Hut as the
waters iHlisid.ed. ,'an.d as -the perli.'from
drowninjjjbecainA less, they .'.•■■■ • con
fronfcdv&jr" -A yet "mure horrible mode of
dc-uU;.": : - '■■ '■'. ' : !:■ ■ ;. ';■;;,:
.."\Vornr -out nr.d ' fatigued 'by a sleepless
r.ifiiit an.d. -their efforts to. retain . their
portion's on. this raft, ; they were at
;ta.'ckcd-; by ..a." i msutnlnig thirst and
Hunger.-! lv-erven.dal Ashed incessantly,
a'cd. fortune f«rvoring. his efforts., he oc
casloriany supplied himself and com
r<ijies- v ; -:th a- mi-.j-seVof raw to »d, but this
w-asfs.mcrely suiilcient. to whet, rather
than stay, their ravenous appetites.
'.Two flOU'sfana nights 'of this torture
were «-:ir]ured_ before a member of the.
pn.rty broke down. It was rvendal, the
f.:-herr. : a;:.- t^h6 - ). the -first to succumb.
Oji th«. ihi:d duy .ii.er' the sinking of the
Jjrot, WhQc still :ftigaged In the effort to
oli'.ain 'food; i-.is mind." gave 'way. An
dersen, sajs that without warning the
man sprang, to his feet and •Fn-iutedT' he
was raved, and; an Instant later he sprang
hlfdi Into the! air and dived into the
<icc-an. " • '■'■
B^ com-
B^ ra Jea
B^ iv c r »
B^ too star-
■ tied and
Bk too weal;
B^ to take mere
B^ tlir.n a paps-
B^ ing notice of his
B^ excitement, anl
Bk even hal they been
B^ inclined to restrain
B^ him their strength
B^ would not have been ]
B^BBt sufficient to enable them
■ to do bo. Anders* says
that for his part he was in v partial
stupor, and that he did not fully realize
what was taking place. He remembers
to have wondered 1:1 a vague way why
Kervrndal acted so, and what had be
come of him after he had drowned him
self. For two days more the remaining
live members of the party clung to the
raft. :
Up to this point the story told by the
iiif-n i> connected and clear, but from the
fifth day on they give separate accounts
of what took place. The lirst of tkc&e is
to the effect that on the fifth day the
live remaining men of the party deter
mined to draw straws to see which of
them should die to supply food to the
others, while, according to the second ac
count which they give it was' not until
•several days lat< r that this .fateful lot
tery occurred — not until two of their
companions had died from exhaustion.
This latter story is the one which was
first told by Anderson and Thomas to the
crew of the steamer Woodruff, and It is
that which they nave most frequently re
peated since, They told me to-day that
about the. fifth or sixth day after their
shipwreck one of their comrades, Nikal
son, died from exhaustion. They said
that as they saw the end approaching
they hung over ins body, waiting for the
bnath to leave it in oruer tnat they
might eat the flesh. They protested that
the statement thai, they ha I taken this
man's life was inaccurate, but they ad
mitted that the blood {lowed from the
■body when tney cut into the tlesn and
.was -still warm. A day later a second
member of the party, Son risen, met -a
.similar fate. They drank his blood and
' ate . particiees of nis llesh, as they had
done the other man.
Andersen declares that they talked of
casting lots to determine who should die
lul a least tweiuy-iuur nours before they
finally agreed to do so. When at last
they "had made up their minds that no
other course was open to them they
picked three splinters from the pranks of
their raft and agreed tuat the one draw
ing the longest sliver should be lied by
the other two. Andersen himself held the
bits of wood, and Max Huffman, a Ger
man drew tirst.
For several minutes, according to An
dersen, they stood gazing steadfastly
each into the other's tace, and afraid to
■ open the hands In which the splinters
were tightly clasped. One bit 01 wood
.had purposely beta made much longer
than the other, so that there could i>e
no possible dispute as to the outcome of
the drawing. When at last the German
.-.,:.- known to have lost in the lottery
of life and death he made no protest, hut
accepted his fate -either with heroic for
titude or with stolid indliference.
: Tears course down Anderson's face a?
he tei the story and as he adds that In:
and. Thomas fought each other desperate
ly to determine which of the two should
drink llrst of the warm blood of their
victim. 'I hey linally settled the mattei
:by one gluing his lips to the gash ovei
the dean muli's heart and the other to 'ii'
. in his neck.
In his halting, broken way the seamar
.draws a horrible picture of the hours o!
torture that succeeded the death of hi?
comrade. He says he was too weak and ex
' hausted to fully realize what he had done
but his mind was continually racked wltf
v.ild fancies, in which the dead man con
tinued' to play his part. In his moment!
• of delirium he Imagined that he was de
. fending himself from him. and he say:
that he can even now remember how h»
i shouted and raved and called aloud to b<
protected from his imaginary attacks
The distress of mind displayed by th<
man as he tells these things is too cvi
• dent to. leave a shadow of doubt as to the
• .racy of his statements. Having
' iu.er.ehed their thirst in the German";
blood the two seamen fell upon his bods
• and devoured its ilesh most ravenously
. For a few hours they were revived by this
. horrid feast; but they must quickly hay«
lapsed again Into a half-crazed condition
When their raft was finally sighted bj
the Woodruff and approached by smal
boats Thomas was discovered seated '■;
the side of the horribly mutilated corps*
■ of the German, stripping bits of Host
from it, which he cast out to a school o:
. sharks which followed and fought abou'
the raft. Andersen sprawled upon th«
planks, unable almost to move. The mer
wore 50 dazed by their sufferings ant
privations that they made no effort to at
. tract the attention of the people on th«
steamship, and even when the boats cam*
; to their rescue they displayed signs 01
: neither Joy nor interest.
The men of the Woodruff declare thn.l
the spectacle presented by the raft Ktif.
its occupants was more horrible than any
thing of which they had ever dreamed
and even now the hardy seamen say the?:
- imaginations are still haunted by ■;. Tin
raft was smeared with the Mood of tlii
German and his dead comrades; :: .
■ planks were strewn with putrefying b!i^
of human flesh; the ghastly remains o»
the dead seamen had Become offensive to
smell and sight, and beside 11 sat the ha 1:'
--' crazed Norwegian boy, feeding the shark'
and jabbering Incessantly to himself.
There has been n great deal of talk
here in regard to the taking of legal cog
nizance of the killing of the German, but
investigation seems to have established
the fact that there arc no grounds for
puch a procedure. It is said that the Ger
man Consul at this port was inclined to
Institute an investigation, but that h<
has subsequently abandoned the idea oi
doing, so. In the first place, the trial, it
one should ever be held, would have tc
take place in Norway at the home port n:
the bark Drot; and in. the second place
it seems to be a well-established principle
in the law of homicide that wherever
men agree together to cast lots, as dl< ;
Andersen, Thomas and the German, the
taking of a human life Is not reckoned a
murder so lons as no fraud Is practiced-
Drew
Cots to
tieeide U/i/ier;
of lim si?° a ' d
Die to purpisl? Food for
Styeir |IM|l|| Comrades,
«-■** FP\v r>Tvs atro then was "spoken" loyally to duty and to their cap
-71 From Phi /i! , the brlgantinl tain cannot be overpraised They never
LA Fr^eVicka Scheppe It was like a saw anything comparable to that har
fl call from some Vhantom ship of ricano before, and I pray , heaven
>• INo Ma- Land, for the Freder- that they will never see anything like
1 Ska Schepp had bu-n given up by it again, for a man doe. not pass
her owners for lost. Less than three through two such experiences in a life
crocks -to she started southward in a time,
v.^eks ago sne siari ™ America "All went well on our way till well past
S risTanTs of^e Car^n £ buy «a, = H* On
cocoanuts and return with her usual V *°™^ c; mo that the™ was to
cargo of half a million, more or less. be trouble for us . The wind
which voyage she accomplishes three M^^ \vas northeast at that
times a year. At present she lies M point blowing rather
lashed to the dock and P .win:; <; ship- r fj erce ] y , but ns It rose
yard in South Brooklyn, the picture of ■■ we " ' too j out for
dilapidation and despair, like a white ■MVMVMVMVMV—v deeper water to
swan after an encounter with an eagle. ■—■—■—■—■—■—■—v ' avoid running
<!»•!■ captain. William Enpstrom, a Swede, ■■ upon a | cc
and a man of action in any emergency, with ■■ shore. Late
a dark, weather-beaten face and lustrous? V—j j n , n ,-.
gray eyes, tells the story of the most furious V_j after
storm that ever swept th.- r-horts of America, sMj noon
and the narrowest escape of any vessel in th« VMj 0 »
history of seafaring;, so far as he knows, and for VMj
two score of years':' has been before the mast. VMj
To a Call-Herald reporter Captain Engstrorn ■
said: "Never a brigantine left this beautiful bar- ■_]
bor In fitter form than the Freclerlcka ■■
Schepp or VMj
that glori- wMVMVM^^^^—^^^^^
ous A v g-u s t
morning.
There were vMj
eight of us wfl
Mate Rohde. wMj
Second Mate
Johns o :;.
Steward Lir.d wMj
s and four able wMj
■ men and wMj
■ myself — and wMj
. never was a wMj
. captain stood by
■ more loyally
i than I upon that wMj
most thrilling voy.
1 .life of ail my forty
- years of work be-
! fore the mast. I
, want to begin
i right here to
- sound my ad-
1 miration and
j gratitude
, toward the^H
> hrav*> mr-n^H
Whose
i stead-
; fast
THE SUNDAY
CALL.
a t
day that
we became sc
r that w-"> tried
to put back into the shelter
of Hampton Roads. We failed. The wind
now shifted to northwest, driving us to
ward the Gulf Stream, straight off Pam
)i( i Sound. It was at this point that the
hurricane struck us.
"if I live fifty years longer I shall never
forget the Bight of that approaching fleet
of ids -messengers of destruction and
death. I shudder whenever I recall it
now, and my heart leaps as I thank God
for the terra lirma beneath my feet. I am
not a man who knows fear— at least, I
never knew it till then. I went forward
and said to the mate: 'Rohde, I never
saw anything like this before. We are in
for it!" Rohde nodded, for he was speech
less, and his face plowed with a strange
pallor. The men were brought to decK
and the work of reefing and preparing for
the blast was begun In earnest.
"Now and then I turned a glance toward
the southeast, whence the dread black
cloud was rolling. As yet the sea was per
fectly calm, as if itself struck to stone
with amazement, turning from a green
ish purple to a dull drab. The glass went
down, down to 28. The sea and sky
£<eeniPd to meet, and both wore the Jooic
of the hangman. My men ran about the
deck and among the rigging like phan
toms in the half light, and afar was heard
the loar and rumble as of a hundred
earthquakes; with now and then a dart of
lightning, apparently fixing a rolling
length of yellow edged cloud to the waves.
At last came the blow, and such a blow!
It was like the hand of Omnipotence in
mighty wrath blotting us out of exist
ence. The good ship groaned and heaved
and shrieked in all her beams, as a hu
man thing under the lash, then down
caiiio the foretopsail and the mainsail
with a crash upon the decks beneath.
"The hurricane grew hourly stronger,
and piece by piece our shreds of salvation
went overboard. Fight as we might there
was no conquering our destiny. 1 gave
up all for lost, but resolved fo stand by
the wheel and go down like a man. Even
while I pondered over our fate there came
one overwhelming crash, and down came
■.:..• mainmast, broken off close to the
deck and turning the vessel almost bot
tom side up. Her keel was out of thd
water more than half the time, and I
the deck at an angle that was 1
like climbing a perpendicular Jg
Alpine crag to scaie it. • m
•At this point we were further ■
driven to despair by a man over- M
board. The rescue of thai man m
was something truly heroic, a
but it seemed useless la- MM
bor. It appeared to be MM
only a question of a MM
Uttle time when we MM
all went down; MM
a:;d yet.
Captatn EnSstporn' S TaTs oF H?s
Wops* Sioi-rp a^ S^a? '•'
Wshs Sav^d Wh^i H^P^
Was Go^—arid Vr\s
ToTd-b'y i^z f^fo
SUcVrVoi'S of ths No^w^S^n ® av<^
D'cpt ? Wc^c^^d OFF PTovTda
Stuarts Ti-j ii 6 !^ ReCSH^ H^^^KSHS"
the ship floated it was our duty to cling to
her. Day was turned into night and the
waves were new rolling mountain high over
the vessel. Crawling forward, nearly blind
ed, and exhausted as well as half drowned,
I gained the stump of the mast, where,
with an ax, I cut the shrouds and the
splinters of clinging pine, and so set th»»
useless lumber free. Instantly the ship
righted and I crept back to the wheel.
In the meantime the sailor ha ' again been
swept overboard, again was a second time
rescued, and still a third, when a mighty
wave threw him bodily back into th<» ship
again like a chip, and then all hands j
were lashed aft. As long as the ship lloat
ed, I argued, we should float; if down she
went, down we should go w}th her.
"Save here and there bits of wreckage,
the deck of the Frederic ka Schepp wos
as clean as if boarded by a hundr. d
pirates that had carried away everything
save her hull. "We were adrift, but for
tunately now well into the gulf stream
and our direction northwest. For twelve
hours, without food or drink, momentarily
expecting that the ship would give one
groan and topple over, we were lashed to
the quarterdeck, silent, calmly awaiting
the end. I had no more idea thai I should
ever see shore again than that the waters
would part and drop us upon dry land be
°"After a time I loosened myself and
crept below decks. There all was chaos.
An 800-gallon tank of fresh water was
crushed In by the flying debris, and there
in was our greatest loss. In the middle
of the wreckage, with the ship leaping
and plunging, yowling and struggling as
in the death throes I knelt alone and
prayed for the first time in forty years—
for the first time since I arose from my
own good old mother's knee; and even
now, as I struggled to my feet. I thought
her there beside me again in very truth,
and a feeling of calm and assuring resig
nation came over me. Then I crawled
back to the deck.
"Hour after hour we watched and won
dered, no one of us daring to speak, save
in monosyllables. The hours went like
days, the* days like months. For four
days we drifted, now and then some one
creeping into the cabin and bringing out
a little biscuit or tobacco to stave on
hunger. Soon I was able to take
observations, and then ascer
tained that we were in
region of latitude 32
and longitude 74,
' On the fifth day
wo seemed to
I have swung
; out of the
path of the
1 destroyer
'■ some-
■ what,
'■ and
though the sea was running high we man
aged to drag from between decks an old
foretopmast and a cros^picce from tho
lower hatch, with which, together with a
few patched- shreds of canvas, we set up a
jury rig.
"Next day we were sighted by the
Ames and two other vessels, whose cap
tains offered to take us off. but having
gone through all this with the old ship
wo declined to leave her now. I offered,
my men full freedom to go, but not a
man would leave me. And I say again,
as I oanimt say often enough, such he
roism on t!n> p;irt of faithful seamen I
have never seen equaled. It was save
one. save all. Resides, If I set fixe to the
wreck abandoned* her now .1 should
never have forgiven myself. The ship's
value ar.cl the money in Mexican silver
in ihe_safe below were as nothing. There,
is a sentiment of pride and honor in the
seam.in"s heart which few landsmen can
understand.
"Day after day we moved slowly under
our pitiable rigging, and finally, two
weeks to a day after leaving the port
of New York, we sighted land. near Dela
ware Breakwater. From Philadelphia wo
communicated the news of our safety,
and thence were towed on to New York.
Ft was the shortest yet most thrilling
voyage of my life, and the impressions
of it will last to my dying day. But far
from disrouraging me from following the
sea, it only makes me deeper in love with
It: and as soon as the Fredericka Schepp
Is put in trim again, which will take
about four months and cost about $3000, I
shall again trust my fortunes with her.
for better or for worse. After carrying
me through the most desperate pass of.
my life, I fear not to intrust myself and
all to her keeping for any voyage. of the
world wide seas."
. ♦ .
In the old days, long before the country
gained her independence, the people of
New Haven, Conn., made some very cu
rious laws called the blue laws. Here are
a few samples:
No food or lodging shall be afforded to
a Quaker, Adamite or other heretic.
No one shall travel, cook victuals, make
beds, sweep house, cut hair or shave on
the Sabbath day.
No one shall read common prayer, keep
Christmas or saint days, make minced
pies, dance play cards, or play on any in
strument of music except the drum,
trumpet and jowsharp.
No woman shall kiss her
child on the Sabbath or
on a fasting
day.
2728
ACTIVE
SERVICE
7 \ \\\ y^i~— » 111 JU VNN .^^^
ff\ Dy /TEPHEM C^ANE.
Copjrlshtefl.
MARJORY TTAi.-v^Riuni .alls in love with Rufus Coleman. Sunday editor
of the New York Eclipse She tells her father, one of the most learned
rrofesscrs la a great Eastern college, of her Intent! to mam" Colerr.ar..
and in spite of the fact that Col'rnan was at one time a favorite pupil the
match is most bitterly opposed by him. He arranges a trip to Greece, hoping to
prevent the wedding. Cclemar. calls on Marjory 'or an answer to his suit. To
try his affection she treats him co!d!y and announces her trip to Greece. He
misunderstands, and the result Is they say good-by In a most matter of fact
manner, but Marjory rushes in tears to her father, fully convinced that Cowman
does not love her. wh!> Coleman goes to the club ar.d drowns his grief in
drink. The professor arranges to take some of his students with his family to
Q reece _ among them a young sophomore named Coke, who has distinguished him
... in a freshman rush ar.d is regarded by Coleman in the light of a rival Cole
man pets an aprolntrr.er.t as war correspondent of the Eclipse for the war in
Greece and sails via London. On the steamer he meets Nora Black, a celebrated
dancer ar.d an old friend, who pays him marked attention.
Co>n-ian rather slights the attentions of the fair Nora and in turn Is himself
snubbed. He leaves London without telling her good-by, although she tits r.ear
him at supper, ar.d from remarks 6he makes to her party he knows she is fond of
him. In Greece he learns that the Wainwrlght party are at Nikcpolis and In dan
ger I , ' go he sets cut for that po;nt at once.
Coleman finds the approach to Nikopolis surrounded with difficulties and r:
trace of the Walnwrl^hts. He receives a cablegram from the Eclipse to ascer
tain the whereabouts of the party at all hazards, as their position had already
created considerable comment '.:; America.
' He proceeds with a portion 01" the Greek cavalry toward Nikcpclis. The Greeks
hear cf reverses and suddenly retreat, leaving Coleman and his dragoman to get
back the best way they can. ■.■■-■ and by a queer chance the Wain
■wrights overtake Co'.enißn on the road. They are unarmed and in a state of
trejidaticn. All are in danger of massacre by either Greek or Turkish hillsmen
ar.d the burden of taking the party to safety falls on Coleman. The party proceeds
on its way to Arta and meets the Greek outpost, but learns cf further dangers
ahead. To the surprise of all they meet Nora Black with a party on the road.
Coles ar.d party reach the Grecian settlement in safety. Nora Black 1 eg'.r.i
to make trouble. Co'-T.an dines alone with her and is afterward accused by
Coke of having made «j\e to her and beer, repulsed. A row ensues, which is in.
. terrupted by the interference cf the professor and the college students.
The professor and students take Colemai.'s ran. Coke sulks and will not
breakfast with the party. He meets Nora Black ar.d is asked by her to ride In
her carriage to Athens.
The party proceeds without Coke. They have a skirmish with peasants outside
of- a roadside inn. Colemcu: i? slightly wounded and in consequence he and Mar
jory again -declare their love fcr each ether. Coke and Nor> Black arrive at the
Inn and Ncra. assumes proprietorship of Coleman in such a way that he becomes
enraged, pettishly leaves the Walnwrights and proceeds on his way alone to the
railroad. At the station be !s delayed and sees the other party drive up, with his
rival, Coke, by Marjory's side.
[Continued.]
Now, since this poor girl was alone far off there in Greece, Mrs. Wain
•wrigfct announced that she had such full sense of her duty to her sex
thai her conscience would not allow her to scorn and desert a sister, even
If that sister was. approximately, the victim of a creature like Rufus
Cole-man. Perhaps the poor thing loved this wretched man. although it
vrai hard to imagine any woman giving her heart to such a monster.
•.'The professor had then asked with considerable spirit for me proofs
upon which Mrs.. YVainwright named Coieman a monster, and had made
a :wry face, over her completely conventional reply- He had told her cate
gorically his opinion of her erudition in such matters.
But Mrs. \\ ainwright was not to be deterred :rom an exciting espousal
of-'.t.he cause of her sex. On the instant that the- professor strenuously
opposed her she became an apostle, an enlightened, uplifted apostle to the
world on the wrongs- of her sex. She had come down with this thing as
if it were a disease. Nothing could stop her: Her husband, her daughter,
all influences in other directions, had been overturned with a roar, and the
lirst thing wholly clear to the proftssor's rr.ir.d had been that his wife was
riding afiably in the carriage with Nora Black.
■ Coleman aroused when he heard one of the students cry out: "Why.
there is Rufus Co'leman's dragoman. He must be here." A moment later
they -thronged, upon him. "Hi. old man. caught you again! Where did you
break to.?' Glad to catch you, old boy. How are you king it? Where's
jour horse?" -
. "Sent the horse? on to Athens,'' s;..id man. He had not yet re
covered his composure, and he was g!ad to find available this common
place return .to- their exuberant greetings and questions. "Sent em on
to Athens iwith .the groom."
In the meantime the engine of the little train was screaming to heaven
that'its jr.temion ofstarting was most serious. The diiigencia careened to
the station platform -and unburdened. Coleman had had his dragoman
place his luggage 4n a. little first-class carriage and he defiantly entered" It
end' closed' the door. He had a sudden return to the old sense of downfall,
end with ft came the original rebellious desires. However, he hoped that
. Homebody iwo.uld Intrude upon. him.
It was Peter Touriley. The student flung open the door and then yelled
to the distance: "Here's an empty one." He clattered into the compart
ment. "Hello. Coleman: Didn't know you were in here!" At his heel:.
cam" Nora Black. Coke and Marjory.
"Oh.:" they said v.-.hea they. saw the occupant of the carnage. "Oh:"
Cnlerrran was- furious. • He could hnve distributed some cf his traps In a
way to create more room,- .but he did not move.
r '• CHAPTER XXV.
There .was a dcrrror.stration of the. unequaled facilities of a European
railway carriage for rendering unpieasant things almost intolerable. These
people could. n:id no way to aileviatf the poignancy of their position. Cole
rr.an did not know where to look. Every personal manneris-m becomes ac
centuated m a European railway carriage. If you giance at a man. your
glance defines itself as a- stare. If you carefully look at nothing, you
create for yourself a resemblance lo all wooden-headed things. A news
paper Is. then, in' the nature of a preservative, and Cok-rr.an longed for a
newspauer. ." ■ »
. It was this abominable railway carriage which exacted the first display
cf agitation from' Marjory. She Hushed rosily, and her eyes waved over
the compartment. Nora Black laughed in .i way that v. as a shock to th
r.erves. • Coke -seemed very' angry indeed, and Pet*>r Tounley was in pitiful
distress. Everything was acutely painfully vivid, bald, painted as glar
ingly at a grocer's new wagon. It fulfilled those traditions which the
artists deplore when they use their .pet phrase on a picture. "It hurts."
The damn.i power of accentuation of the European railway carriage
seemed to Coleman's amazed mind to be redoubled and redoubled.
It was Peter -Tounley who seemed to be in the greatest agony. He
looked at the correspondent beseechingly and said: "It's a very cold
morning. Coleman." This was an actual appeal in the name of humanity.
Coleman came squarely to the front nd even grinned a little at poor
Peter Tounley s misery.' "Yes it is a cold morning, Peter. I should say it
Is one of the- coldest mornings In my recollection.
Peter Tounley had nnr intended a typical American emphasis on the
polar conditions which obtained in the apartment at this time, but Cole
man had given the word this meaning. Spontaneously everybody smiled,
and at once the tension. was relieved: -But of course the satanic powers of
the railway carriage could not be altogether set at naught. Of course it
fell to the lot of Coke to get the seat directly In front of Coleman, and
thus, face -to face. they., were doomed to stare at each other.
Peter' Tounley .was inspired to begin conventional babble, in which he
took great- care to making an appearance of talking to all in the carriage.
"Pur.ny. thing. 1 never knew these mornings i:. Greece were so cold. I
thought ' the climate hefe^was quite tropical. It must have been incon
renier.t in the ancient rimes, when,. Lara told, people didn't wear near so
many— clothes. Really. I don't see how .they stood It. For my part,
I : wi>uld like nothing ro'much as a buffalo robe. I suppose when these
great sculptors were -doing 'their masterpieces they had to wear gloves.
Ever think, of that? -Funny, .isn't !t? Aren't you cold. Marjory? I am.
Jingo' Imagine the Spartans In sters, going out to meet an ■my in
cape-overcoats; and being desired by their mothers to return with their
ulsters or wrapped in pi.." :
It was 'rather hard work for Peter Tounley. Both Marjory and Cole
man tried to display an interest In his labors, and they laughed not at
■what he said, but because they believed it assisted him. The little train,
meanwhile, wandered up' a great green slope, and the day rapidly colored
the land.
At first Nora Black -did not display a militant mood, but as time
passed Coleman saw clearly that she was considering the advisability of
a new attack. She- had Coleman and Marjory in conjunction and where
they were unable to escape f!<".m her. The opportunities were great. To
Coleman, she ieerr-ed to be gloating over the possibilities of making more
mischief.' ; She was looking at him speculatively as if she considered the
best place- to hit him first. Presently she drawled: "Rufus. I wish you
would fix my rug about me a little better.". Coleman saw that this was
a beginning.. . ; ' ■ .
Peter Tounley sprang to his feet with speed and enthusiasm. "Oh. let
me do It for you. 1 ' He had her well: muffled in the rug before she could
protest, even if a protest had been rational. The young man had no idea
of defending Coleman. •• He had no knnwledee of the necessity for it. It
had been merely the exercise of his habit' of amiability, his chronic desire
to Eec everybody comfortable. His : passion in this direction was well
known in Washurst, where. the students had borrowed a phrase from the
photographers In order to describe him fully in nickname. They called
him "Look-pleasant Tounley." This <lid not antagonize In any way his
perfect willingness to fight on occasions with a singular desperation which
usually has a Email stool In every mind where good nature has a throne
"Oh/ thank you very much. Mr. Tounley," said Nora Black without
gratitude.-: "Rufus Is always -so- lax in these matters."
'.'1 don't know how you know it."', said Ooleman boldly, and he looked
her fearlessly in the eye. The battle -had begun.
"Oh." responded Nora airily. "I have had opportunity enough to know
it, I should think, by. this time." ■
'"No." «a:d Coleman, "since I have never paid you any particular and
direct attention, you cannot possibly know what I am Tax in and what
I am not lax in. I would be .-obliged to be of service at any time. Nora, but
surely you do not consider that you have a right to my services superior
to any. other right." •='•-. :
Nora Black simply went mad. but fortunately part of her madness was
in the form of speechlessness. Otherwise there might have been heard
something: approaching to billingsgate.
Marjory and Peter Tounley turned first hot and then cold and looked
an if they wanted to fly away, and even Coke, penned helplessly In with
this unpleasant incident, seemed to. have a sudden attack of distress. The
only frigid person was Coleman. He had made his declaration of Inde
pendence,, and he saw with glee that the victory was complete Nora
Black might storm arid rage, but he had announced his position in an un
conventional, blunt way. which nobody in the carriage could fail to under
stand. He felt somewhat like smiling wiih confidence and defiance in
Nora's face, but he still had th» fear for -Marjory.
Unexpectedly the fight was all out of Nora Black. She had the fury
of a woman scorned,, but evidently she had perceived that all was over
end lost, . The. .remainder of her wrath dispensed itself in glares which
Coleman withstood with 'great composure. ■
• A strained silence fell upon the group, which lasted until they arrived
at the little port of Mesalonghi. where they were to take ship for Patras
Coleman found himself wondering why he had not gone flatly at the great
question at a much, earlier period. Indeed at the first moment when the
great question began to make life exciting: for him. He thought that if he
had charged Nora's guns in the beginning they would have turned out to
be the same incapable artillery. Instead of that he had run away and
continued to run away .until he was actually cornered and made to fight
and his easy victory defined him as a person who had, earlier Indulged
In much stupidity and cowardice. . .
Everything had. worked out so 6imply. his terrors had been dispelled so
easily, that he probably was led to overestimate his success. And it oc
curred suddenly to him,. He foresaw a fine occasion to talk privately to
Marjory when all had boarded the steamer Tor Patras and he resolved to
make use of. it. This he believed would end the- strife and conclusively
. laurel him. • '
The train finally drew uo on a little stone pier and some boatmen be
gan to scream like mills. The steamer lev at anchor In the placid blue
cove. The embarkation- was chaotio In the Oriental fashion and there
was the customary misery' which was only relieved when the travelers
had set foot on the deck of the stecmer. Coleman did not devot* any
premature attention to flndir.g Marjory, but when the steamer was fairly
out on the calm waters of the Gulf or Corinth, he saw her pacing to and
fro with Peter Tounley. At first he lurked in the distance waiting for an
opportunity, but ultimately he decided to make his own opportunity. He
approached them. "Marjory, would you let me speak to you alone for a
few n-i.'n^ms? You won't mind, will you, Peter?"
"Oh. no. certainly not," said Peter Tounley.
"< •: course. It is not some dreadful revelation, Is It?" said Marjory,
banterir.g him coolly.
"No," said Coleman abstractedly. He was thinking of what he waa
going to say. Peter Tounley vanished around the corner of a deckhouss
and Marjory and Coleman began to pace to and fro even as Marjory and
Peter Tounley had done. Cdeman had thought to speak his mind frankly
and once for all. and on the train he had invented many clear expressions
of his feeling. It did not appear that he had forgotten them. It seemed,
more that th"y had become entangled in his mind In such a way that he
'he end of his discourse.
In the pause, Marjory began to speak in admiration of the scenery. "I
■hat Greece was so full of mountains. One reads so much
Attic Plains, but aren't these mountains royal? They look so rugged
Id, whereas the bay is absolutely as blue as the old descriptions of
% t mmer sea."
"I wanted to speai to you about Nora Black." said Coleman.
Nora Black? Why? 11 said Marjory, lifting her eyebrows,
lou know well enough," said Coleman In a headlong fashion. "You
must know, you must have seen it. She knows I care for you and Bhe
wants to stop it. And she has no right to— to interfere. She is a fiend, a
perfect fiend. She Is trying to rr.aJte you feel that I cars for her."
"And don't you care for her?" aeked Marjory.
"No." said Coleman vehemently. "I don't car© for her at all."
very well," answered Marjory simply. "I believe you." She managed
to give the words the effect of a mere announcement that she believed
him and it was in no way plain that she waa g:ad or that she esteemed
the matter as being of consequence.
He scowled at her in dark cesentment. "You mean by that, I sup
pose, that you don't believe me?"
"Oh." answered Marjory wearily, "I believe you. I said so. Don't
talk at. out it any more."
"Then." said Coleman slowly, "you mean that you do not care whether
I'm telling the truth or not?"
"Why, of course I care." she said. "Lying Is not nice."
He did nnt know apparently exactly "how. to deal with her manner,
which was actually so pliable that it was marble. If one may speak in that
way. He looked ruefully at the sea. He had expected a far easier time.
"Well—" he began.
"Really," interrupted Marjory, "this is something which I do not care
to discuss. I would rather you would not speak to me at all about It.
It seems too — too — had. I can readily give you my word that I believe
you, but I would prefer you not to try to talk to me about it or— anything
of that sort. Mother!"
Mrs. Wainwrlght was hovering anxiously In the vicinity and she now
bore down rapidly upon the pair. "You are very nearly to Patras " she
eaid reproach fully to her daughter as if the fact" had some fault of Mar
jory's concealed in it. She in no way acknowledged the presence of Cole
man.
"Oh, are we?" cried Marjory.
"Yes," said Mrs. Wainwrlght. "We are!"
She stood waiting as if she expected Marjory to instantly quit Cole
man. The girl wavered a moment and then followed her mother. "Good
by," sho said to Coleman. "I hope we may see you again In Athens." It
was a command to him to travel alone with his servant on the long rail
way journey. It was a dismissal of a casual acquaintance given so gra
ciously that It stung him to the depths of his pride. He bowed his aaieu
and his thanks. When the yelling boatmen cam« again he and his man
proceeded to tho' shore In an early boat without looking In any way after
the welfare of the others.
At the train the party split Into three sections. Coleman and his man
had one compartment. Nora Black and her squad had another and the
Walnwrights and students occupied two more.
The little officer was still in tow of Nora Black. He was very enthusi
astic. In French she directed him to remain silent, but he did not appear
to understand. "You tell him," she then said to her dragoman, "to sit In
a coiner and not to speak until I tell him to. or I won't have him
in here." She seemed anxious to unburden herself to the old lady compan
ion. "Do you know," she said, "that girl has a nerve like steel 9 I tried
to break it there in that inn. but I couldn't budge her. If I am going to
have her beaten I must prove myself to be a very, very artful person ' 7
"Why did you try to break her nerve?" asked the old lady, yawning
""Why do you want to have her beaten?"
"Because I do. old stupid," answered Nora. "You should have heard
the things I said to her."
"About what?"
"About Coleman. Can't yoti understand anything at all?"
"And why should you*ay anything about Coleman to her?" queried
the old lady, still hopelessly befogged.
"Because," cried Nora, darting a look of wrath at her companion. "I
want to prevent that marriage." She had been betrayed Into this avowal
THE SUNDAY CALL.
by the singularly opaque mind of the old lady. The latter at «v» sat erect.
"Oh ho. she Bald; as If a ray of light had been let Into her head. on,
ho. So that's It. Is It?"
"Yes, that's it." rejoined Nora, shortly. _.„-. it i..*
The old lady was amazed Into a long period of meditation. 'Those
she spoke depressing^. "Well, how are you going to Prevent It. Those
things can't be done in these days at all. If they care for each other-
Nora burst out furiously. "Don't venture opinions until k: now wnat
you are talking about, please. They don't care, for each other do you see .
She cares for him. but he don't give a snap of his fingers for her
"But." cried the bewildered lady. "If he don t care for her th_ ere ™^°°
nothing to prevent. I? he don't care for her he won t ask her to marry
him. and so there won't be anything to prevent. onvthlnK
Nora made a broad gesture of Impatience. "Oh, can t >ou get a** l ™ l }*
through your head? Haven't you seen that the pr 1-has been . the only
young woman In that whole party lost up there In the ™° u n n^J l /'._s?h her'
naturally more than half of the men still think they are n h 'f *£. Then
That's what it Is. Can't you see? It always happens that wa>. men
m "!?W»1r f ukJ^hfotier. -O*n b. know her. then, before b. ami
Victim of glamour only because she wished it to be true. One theor/.
however, remained unshaken. Marjory was an artful minx, with no truth
in her.
She presently felt the necessity of replying to the question of her com
panion. "Oh," she said carelessly, "I suppose they were acquainted— in a
way."
The old lady was giving the best of her mind to the subject. "If that's
the case— " she observed, musingly, "if that's the case, you can't tell what
is between 'em."
The talk had so slackened that Nora's unfortunate Greek admirer felt
that here was a good opportunity to prefer, t himself again to the notice of
the actrt^s. The means was a smile anJ a. French sentence, but his recep
tion Wluid have frightened a man in armor. His face blanched with hor
ror at the storm he had evoked, and he dropped limply back as if some one
had shot him. "You tell this little snipe to let me alone!" cried Nora to
the dragoman. "If he dares to come around me with any more of those
Parisian dude speeches, I— l don't know what I'll do! I won't have it I
say." The impression upon the dragoman was hardly less In effect. £l«
looked with bulging eyes at Nora, and then bogan to stammer at the offi
cer. The latter's voice could sometimes be heard in awed whispers for the
more elaborate explanation of some detaU of the tragedy. Afterward he
remair.od meek and silent in hip corner, barely more thai a shadow, like
the proverbial husband of imperious beauty.
"Well." said the old lady, after a long' and thoughtful pause, "I don't
know. I'm sure, but it seems to me that if Rufus Coleman really cares for
that girl there isn't much use in trying to stop him from getting her. H»
isn't that kind of a man."
"For heaven's sake, will you stop assuming that he does care for her?"
demanded Nora, breathlessly.
"And I don't see," continued the old lady, "what you want to prevent
him for, anyhow."
"I feel in this radiant atmosphere that there could be no such thing as
war— men striving together in black and passionate hatred." The profes
sor's words were for the benefit of his wife and daughter. He was viewing
the sky-blue waters of the pu!f of Corinth wi'h its background of moun
tains that in the sunshine were touched here and there with a copperish
glare. The train was slowly sweeping along the southern shore. "It is
strange to think of those men fighting up there in the north. And It is
strange to think that we ourselves are but Just returned from it."
"I cannot begin to realize it yet," said Mrs. Wainwrtght in a high voice
"Quite so." responded the professor, reflectively. "I do not suppose any
of us will realize it fully for some time. It la altogether too odd too very
odd."
"To think of It!" cried Mrs. Wainwrlght. "To think of It! Supposing
those dreadful Albanians or those awful men from the Greek mountains
had caught U3? Why, years from now I'll wake up In the night and think
of It'"
The professor mused. "Strange that we cannot fe«l It strongly now
My logic tells me to be aghast that we ever got into such a place, but mv
nerves at present refuse to thrill. I am very much afraid that this singu
lar apathy of ours has led us to be unjust to poor Coleman."
Here Mrs. Wainwright objected. " 'Poor Coleman!' I don't see why
you call him 'poor Coleman.' " J
"Well," answered the professor Blowly, "I am In doubt about our be
havior. It—"
"Oh," cried the wife gleefully, "in doubt about our be-havlor! I »m in
doubt about his behavior." ln
"So, then, you do have a doubt of his behavior?"
"Oh, no," responded Mrs. Wainwright hastily. "Not about Its bad
nets. What I mean to say was that in the face of his outrageous conduct
with that— that woman. It is curious that you should worry about our be
havior. It surprises me, Harrison."
Th% prof-isor was wagging his hrad sadly. "I don't know • • I don't
know • • It seems hard to jjdge • • I hesitate to — "
Mrs. Wainwright treated this attitude with disdain, 'at 1b not hard to
judge." she scoffed, "and I fail to see why you have any reason for hesita
tion at all. Here he brings this woman—"
The professor got angry. "Nonsense! Nonsense! I do not believe that
he brought her. If I ever saw a spectacle of a woman bringing hei-Belf It
was then."
"Well," retorted Mrs. Wainwright, bridling, "I suppose you lmajrina
that you understand such things. Men usually think that, but I want to
tell you that you seem to be utterly blind."
''Blind or not. do stop the everlasting reiteration of that sentence "
Mrs. Wainwright passed Into an offended silence, and tha profesaoc.
CHAPTER XXVI.
also silent, looked with . gradually .Ig»«»« th^!«X"w JV"*r ASKS
carriages and were taken to the hotel. Mrs. \\ainwxigh.3 imputes no^
dominated the others in the family She had °^P^f he " o |" v";
The majority of the servants in the hotel pret f"^ * h " h . e 2 e ~£-D^ nd^f 9
lish, but In three minutes she drove them distracted with the aounaanca
and violence of her requests. It came to pass that in the excneme nt £1*
old couple quite forgot Marjory. It was not until Mrs .^"J"§^' a e 3
feeling splendidly, was dressed for dinner that she thoug bt . t £irr*
jory's door and go to render a usual motherly supervision or the girls
tOll There was no light; there did not seem to be anybody in the room
"Marjory!" called the mother in alarm. She listened for a moment and
then ran hastily out again. "Harrison:" she cried ntfln j Mariorj
The professor • had been tying his cravat He let the loose ends n>
"What?" he ejaculated, opening his mouth wide, rhen they both n.shea
Into Marjory's room. "Marjory!" beseeched the old man in a \Oxce
cV r h om £ t r h a e Ve bed. "Yes?" It was low. wear>- tearful It
was not like Marjory. It was dangerously the voice of a heart-broken
woman. They hurried forward with outcries. ' hy, J^^LA^ I™
ill child? How long have you been lying In the dark? Why didn t you
° Jl A a™ U red 'this changed voice. "I am not ill. I only thought I'd
rest for a time. Don't bother. gas and then father and mother turned
The professor hastily lit the gas and then father and mother
hurriedly to the bed. In the first of the Illumination they saw that tears
were flowing unchecked down Marjory's face.
The effect of this grief upon the professor was In part an effect or fear.
He seemed afraid to touch it. to go near It. He could evidently only re
main In the outskirts, a horrified spectator. The mother, however, flung:
cer arms about her daughter. "Oh, Marjory." She, too. was weeping.
The girl turned her face to the pillow and held out a hand of protest.
"Don't, mother! Don't:"
"Oh. Marjory! Oh, Marjory!" _ ti . . „
"Don't, mother. Please go away. Please go away. Don t speaK at an,
I beg of you."
"Oh. Marjory! Oh, Marjory!
"Don't." The girl lifted a face which appalled them. It had something
entirely new in it. "Please go away, mother. I will speak to father, but I
won't— l can't— l can't be pitied."
Mrs Walnwright looked at her husband. "Yes." said the old man,
trembling "Go!" She threw up her hands in a sorrowing gesture that
wee not without its suggestion that her exclusion would be a mistake. She
The professor dropped on his knees at the bedside and took one of
Marjory's hands. His voice dropped to its tenderest note, "Well, my Mar-
Vhe had turned her face again to its pillow. At last she answered in
muffled tones. "You know." , , T1 
Thereafter came a long silence full of sharpened pain. It was Marjory
who spoke first. "I have saved my pride, daddy, but— l have—every
thing— Even her sudden resumption of the old epithet of her child
hood was an additional misery to the old man. He still said no word. Ho
knelt, gripping her fingers and staring at the wall.
"Yes, I have lost— everything— else. '
' The father gave a low groan. He was thinking deeply, bitterly. Sine*
one was only a human being, how was one going to protect beloved hearts
assailed with sinister fury from the inexplicable zenith? In this tragedy
he felt as helpless as an old gray ape. He did not see a possible weapon
with which he could defend his child from the calamity which was upon
her There was no wall, no shield which could turn this sorrow from the
heart of the child. If one of his hand's loss could have spared her there
would have been a sacrifice of his hand, but he was potent for nothing.
He could only groan and stare at the wall.
He reviewed the past half in fear that he would suddenly come upon
Ms error which was now the cause of Marjory's tears. He dwelt long upon
the fact that in Washurst he had refused his consent to Marjory's mar
riage with Coleman, but even now he could not say that his Judgment was
not correct. It was simply that the doom of woman's woe was upon Mar
jory, this ancient woe cf the silent tongue and the governed .'.'.. and he
could only kneel at the bedside and stare at the wall.
Marjory raised her voice In a laugh. "Did I betray myself? Did I be
come the maiden all forlorn? Did I giggle to show people that I did not
care? No— l did not— l did not. And it was a long time, daddy: Oh
such a long time! I thought we would never get here. I thought I would
never get wh+re I could be alone like this, where I — cry— I wanted
to. I am not much of a crier, am I, daddy? But this time— this time-
She suddenly drew herself over near to her father and looked at him.
"Oh daddy, I want to tell you one thing. Just one simple little thlcg.'
She waited then, and while she waited her father's head went lower and
lower. "Of course you know— l told you once. I love him! I love him I
Yes probably he is a rascal, but. do you know. I don't think I would mind
If he was a— an assassin. This morning I sent him away, but, daddy, he
didn't want to go at all. I know he didn't. This Nora Black is nothing to
him I know she is not. I am sure of It. "i — I am sure of It.
I never expected to talk this way to any living creature, but— you are so
rood, daddy. • • Dear old daddy—"
She ceased, for she saw that her father was praying.
The sight brought to her a new outburst of sobbing, for her sorrow
now had dignity and solemnity from the bowed white head of her old
father, and she felt that her heart was dying amid the pomp of the church.
It was the last rites being performed at the deathbed. Into her ears cam*
come Imagining of the low melancholy chant of monks In a gloom.
Finally her father arose. He kissed her on the brow. "Try to sleep,
dear," he said. He turned out the gas and left the room. His thought
was full of chastened emotion.
But If his thought was full of chastened emotion it received some de
gree of shock when he arrived in the presence of Mrs. Wainwright.
"Well what is all this about?" she demanded Irascibly. "Do you mean to
■ay that Marjory Is breaking her heart over that man Coleman? It is all
your fault—" She was apparently still ruffled over her exclusion.
When the professor interrupted her he did not speak with his accus
tomed spirit, but from something novel in his manner she recognized, a
danger signal.
"Please do not burst out at It in that way."
"Then It Is true?" she asked. Her voice was a mere awed whisper.
"It is true," answered the professor.
"Well." she said, after reflection. "I knew it. I always knew it. If
you hadn't been so blind. You turned like a weather cock in your opinions
of Coleman. You never could keep your opinion about him for more than
an hour. Nobody could Imagine what you might think next. And now
you see the result of it! I warned you: I told you what this Coleman
was. find if Marjory Is suffering now, you have only yourself to blame for
It. I warned you:"
"If it Is my fault." said the professor drearily. "I hope God may for
give me. for here is a great #-ong to my daughter." '--_• -
"Well, if you had done as I told you—" she began.
Here the professor revolted. "Oh, now, do not begin on thai," he
snarled peevishly. 'Do not begin on that."
"Anyhow," said Mrs. Wainwright. "It is time-that we should be going
down to dinner. Is Marjory coming?"
"No, she is not," answered the professor, and I do not know as 1
shall go myself."
"But you must .go. Think how it would look! All the students down
there dining without us. and cutting up capers! You must come." v
"Yes" he said dubiously, "but who will look after Marjory?"
"She' wants to be left alone." announced Mrs. Wainwrieht. as if she
was the particular herald of this news. "She wants to be left alone."
.'/Well I suppose we may as well g-o down."
Before they went the professor tipfoed into his daughter's room. In
the darkness he could only see her waxen face on the pillow, and her two
eyes gazing fixedly at the ceiling. He did not speak, but immediately with
drew, closing the "door noiselessly behind him.
CHAPTER XXVII.
If the professor and Mrs. Wair.wright had descended sooner to a lower
floor of the hotel they would have found reigning there a form of anarchy.
The students were in a smoking room, which was also an entrance hall to
the dining room, and because there was in the middle of this apartment
a fountain containing gold fish they had been moved to. license and sin.
They had all been tubbed and polished and brushed and dressed until they
were exuberantly beyond themselvs. Th proprietor of the hotel Brought
In his dignity and showed it to them, but they minded it no more than if
he had been only a common man. He drew himself to his h*£h: arid
looked gravely at them and they jovia'.iy said. "Hello, whiskers.^ Ameri
can college students are notorious In their country for their inclination to
scoff at robed and crowned authority, and far from being awed by the
dignity of the hotelkeeper they were delighted -with it. It was something
with which to sport. With immeasurable impudence they copied his atti
tude, and standing before him made comic speeches, always alluding with
blinding vividness to his beard. His exit disappointed them. He had tot
remained long under fire. They felt that they could have interested them
selves with him an entire evening. '"Come back, whiskers! Oh, come
back!" Out in the main hal! he made a gesture of despair to some of his
gaping minions and then fled to seclusion.
A formidable majority then decided that Coke was a gold fish and tha*
therefore his proper place was in the fountain. They carried him to It
while he struggled madly. This quiet room, with its crimson ruga and
gilded mirror?, seemed suddenly to have become an important apartment
in hell. There being as yet no traffic in the dining room, the waiters were
all at liberty to come to the open doors, where they stood as men turned
to stone. To them it was no less than incendiarism. . -
Coke, standing with one foot on the floor and the other on the bottom
of the shallow fountain, blasphemed his comrades in a low tone- but with
Intention. He was certainly desirous of lifting his foot out of the water
Dut it teemed that all movement to that end would have to wait until ha
had successfully expressed his opinions. In the meantime there was heard
slow footsteps and the rustle of skirts and then some people entered th»
smoking room on their way to dine. Coke took his foot hastily out of th*
fountain.
The faces of the men of the arriving party went blank, and they turned
their cold and pebbly eyes straight to the front, while the ladies after little
expressions of alarm, looked as if they wanted to run. In fact, the whola
crowd rather bolted from this extraordinary scene.
"There, now," said Coke bitterly to his companions. "Ton see? 'VTa
looked like little schoolboys—" ?. .
"Oh, never mind, old man," said Peter Tounley. "We'll forgive you.
although you did embarrass us. But, above everything, don't drip. What
ever you do. doit*t drip." • .
The students took this question of dripping and played upon It until
they would have made quite Insane anybody but another student. They
worked it into ail manner of forms and hacked and haggled at Coke until
he was driven to his room to seek other apparel. "Be sure and change,
both legs," they told him- "Remember you can't change on© leg without
changing both legs."
After Coke's departure the United State* Minister entered the room'
and instantly they were, subdued. It was not his lofty station that affected"
them. There are probably few stations that would have at all affected
them- They became subdued because they unfeignedly liked the- Unitd
States Minister. They were suddenly a group of well-bred, correctly attired
young men, who had not put Coke's foot in the fountain. Nor had they
desecrated the majesty of the hotelkeeper. ; . '
"Well. I am delighted," said the Minister, laughing:, as he shook hand*
•with them all. "I was not sure I would ever see you again. You are not
to be trusted, and good boys as you are I'll be glad to see you once and
forever over the boundary of my Jurisdiction. Leave Greece, you vaga
bonds. However, I am truly delighted to see you all safe." •
"Thank you, sir," they said.
"How in the world did you get out of it? You must be remarkable
chaps. I thought you were in a hopeless position. I wired and cabip'i
everywhere I could, but I could find out nothing " »u--a
vi "A correspondent." said Peter Tounley. "I don't know if you have- mat
him. His name is Coleman. He found us." j - ..
"Coleman?" asked the Minister quickly.
"Yes. sir. He found us and brought us out safely."
"Well, glory be to Coleman, eclaimed the Minister after a lonr -<,>,
of surprise. "Glory be to Coleman! I never thought he could do it '"
The students were alert immediately. "Why, did you know about it
air? Did he tell you he was coming after us?" i w aßout it,
t . '!°'? ourse - He cair ' c t0 me here '" -Athens and asked where you were,
I told him you were in a peck of trouble. He acted quietly and somewhat
queerly and said that he would try to look you up. He said voTwera
friends of his. I warned him against trying it. Yes I said It was Itt^c
sible. I had no idea that he would really carry the thing out- But fliSn't
he tell you anything about this himself?'* s OttL *$ ut dldn l
... '2*o, sir," answered Peter Tounley. "He never said much about it T
think he usually contended that it was mainly an accident " at >out It. I
"It was no accident." said the Minister sharply. "When a man «rnrt«
out to do a thing and does it you can't say it is an accident " «****
"I didn't say so, sir." eaid Peter Tounley diffidently
"Quite true, quite true! You didn't, but— this Coleman mu«t h« • m , n m
us aaaffffeag Eaid he who WaS Called ™-^S3&«3E
"Howd id h he Y do l it'" 8 marae * lt? " **•* the Minlst^ keenly Interested.
out'near Soils-*' **' BUt *« dld !t ' He met us In th « dead of night
"Near Nlkopolis?" ' v 1:
i.'sssssr&jnxr &« si
"They should be down now. sir." answered a student
~rtaS?ss& .^rasy is" 11 ? «■*■■<* %«t&io is&t
Continued Next Week.HATS OF THE ANCIENT DAME, AMERICAN COLONIAL TIMES
Beauty Talks.
rv/
GIRI-S, an' you love me, an you
W _ love yourselves, do not. I beseech
*k_Jf you. pencil your eyebrows. If na
ture has been niggardly In doling
out your share of the little crescent-like
adornments, then supply the deficiency
by applying stimulating oils or u.nics,
but don't try to cover up their lack of
luxuriant growth by a poor reproduction
crayon. The penciling will but cauee tl.o
brows to become scantier and thinner
until after a while there will be absolute
ly no foundation to build upon. As It»ng
as there is a sprout or a tag-end of an
eyebrow left it can be coaxed and encour
aged and cultivated until finally it will
blossom but into a whole family of
sprouts. The eyebrows and eyelashes
seldom receive the care that they should.
How many of you, I wonder, are mindful
when givfng the face a thorough scrub
bing to carefully «rat I the eyebrows? Not
many. 11l venture to say. The eyebrows
Bonn resent neglect, and become not only
ragged and uneven but smudgy and sticky
looking, thus serious detracting from
that neat, well-groomed appearance so
dear to the heart of beauty-loving femi
ninity. Frequently a pimple oily applica
tion "will inspire the eyebrows to grow
heavy and sleek and pretty. First or all,
though, you must keep them clean, and
then, by "giving them an occasional tonic,
their efforts at expansion will be raado
wr.rth while.
There is nothing better for this purpose
than warm olive oil or inodorous castor
Oil Cocoanut oil Is also excellent and
brushed over the eyebrows will £ive them
that dark, glossy look that is considered
bo beautiful. Every woman should have
upon her toilet table a soft brush, for the
purpose of removing the little flakes of
powder that almost invariably adhere to
the brows and lashes after powder has
been applied. Even if one does not use
powder, the brush should be used con
ptantly. aa it invigorates the growth and
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
PWSJg^^BBa 1* removed by DR. or. 1 MKS.
BRTlKi^fli A. W. TRAVEHBE. I'onoho*
BRd£»M birMln*. 1170 Market »[.. cor.
Kj ■*S/Z^m Taylor, roi m« 2> Ti. With th«
B^ s£i Ja electric needle, wlthotit pain or
■B^^W^l i""--t Mil*?. ■Rartf. wrinkle*.
Bfr __^^H blackheads. fre<-"K<-l«. b!rth-
isrzZ+z-ZS&A marks, ttc, &'»■ removed. J'tr.
hCa^gSsEgS nianency ru«iraj»tee<l. Hour*. 1
to 4 p, ""».
LOIE FULLER
XJ»e» th»^->st Fkln fool and tissue builder,
BHAIIMA^' TOILET CREAiI.
• ha:r.= "In tho way they
should go. t meet cs
He or con
stant use of 1 c you
ili know that tne tweea t us once,
must hair
.ed In this way will
. In the ;
will come a bigger, sturdi'-r
■'■ . m when using the
to lake only the long, fierce,
.-: hiirs. When the eyebrows are
ularly thin and faded, the following
will ratife them to braoe up and
of themselves:
■ line, three oun< • -
cantharides, half an ounce.
rum, half an uunce.
num. f:x drops.
■:r,e. quarter of an oun^e.
.setnary, five dr< ■;•-.
Trimming the points of the eyelashes In
extreme youth will increase their length
nnd luxuriance hut in the rase of
the growth will probably not
tiue. So, do not experiment, unless
•ike the chance of g-oing
grh the world -with a little stubby
ur eyea in place of the
curling soft curtains of which the poets
it is rather a risky g ap
g tonics to the eyelashes, as it i.~ apt
■ t into the eyes and irritate them.
However. If you can apply it without
ltn touching the eyebail then you will
find nothir c better than castor oil, olive
r g ■•• for this purpose. But
again I say it must not get into the
eyes.
Answers to Correspondents
UNE ECOSSAISE— The proportions for
the bitter apple and rum hair tonic arc:
Three ounces bitter apple and sixteen
ounces Jamaica rum. The refreshing bath
that you speak of for the whole boCy must
be this: Kosemary tops. 1000 grama; boll-
Ing water 10 quarts, and bicarbonate of
soda 250 crams. Pour the boiling water
on the leaved, let stand half on hour,
ttraln. add the soda and pour all into
the warm water prepared for tho bath.
The cucumber astringent wash that you
«ay you have be-?n using Is excellent for
a shiny, greasy skin. Also the following
lotion; Alcohol, four ounces; ammonia,
one ounce: oil of lavender, one dram
Mix by shaking in a six-ounce bottle. Add
one teaspconfui of this, not a. dn.r more,
to two ouarts of warm water when you
bathe your face. I cannot rive you a
formula for liquid powder, I have non«
that I consider pood. The lettuce cream
is made as follows; bpermacetl. J.%
ounces: oil of sweet almonds, IV* ounces;
THE EBELL SOCIETY OF OAKLAND
GIVES AN EXHIBITION OF THE
HEADGEAR OF LONG AGO,
THK mopt devoted follower of farh
ion in the prese;:* day giv.
heed to dress ana the modes than
did the early American co!
Te ancient dame paid attention, not
only to her own but to her neighbors'
Rttire, for she beli».--. ad a
moral effect upon the conduct of man
kind.
Puritanical horror of fine drr?s wa
general, as old letters prove, Fashl r.able
fripperies and follies tru.-. • ■-•ward
ho! from over the seas. A letter from
the secretary of the Virginia colony to a
friend in England a maiden
thus: "She weares her rough beaver hatt
with a faire perle hatband and a silken
sute of ffreshe fflamir.g silke."
At the recent exhibition of ar.cl^r.t and
modern hats given by the Shell Society of
' Oakland, not a few of the hats of long
aso were displayed. Quaintly odd they
' looked compared to the evoluted con
glomerations that now serve as hats.
Hats, the invention of Satan and milli
ner?, have always been a source of worry
,or bliss to their owners. Our ancestors
I had troubles of their own over their head
gear. It was frequently made a matter
'of legislation. In 162S each immigrant
was allowed by the Massachusetts Bay
Company one "black halt lyr.ed at the
' brow with lether." This was for Sunday
and funeral wear.
In 1634 a law was passed against the
wearing of beaver hats pave by wealthy
men. However, they wero worn despite
the law, i..'t high price of such head coy
■ erlng being the sole objection In the
refined white wax, Vfc ounce; resewater, %
ounce; lettuce, 1 cup; essence of violet, 2
teaspoonfuU. A very (rood and t.impl<*
bath bag Is made by combining etjuat
puns of shaved castlle soap, almond n>eal
end poWdered orris root, I don't happen
to have a receipt for bay rum, You can
not possibly have anything superior to the
Imported bay rum to be found In the drug
stores, You will rind a receipt for a fine
toilet vinegar In to-day's Beauty Talk
iIAYFLOWER— AppIy hot cloths to the
THE SUNDAY CALL.
mind? of the frugal magistrates.
Hats were he'ii valuable enough to be
disposed of by will, as Indeed- was all the
wearing apparel of those days. In a will
written in 1633 and still : '. existence
Samuel Fuller !eft his "best hatt" to his
minister. Elder Brewster.
Cocked hats came in vogue in New
England when they did in England. They
were richly trimmed with metal laces,
cords, caddis, ferret, buttons, ribbons,
cockades and rosettes. They were oft
times colored In several shades. Puritan
women also wore felt, beaver and castor
hats and . bequeathed them by will, as
did the men.
There is a copy of a letter written in
164" from Dorchester. It Is from a lover
to his lass, proving that even in those
days Jack bought bonnets for his Jlil.
"Thinking upon you for a hatt and chose
out ye comelyest fashion, hatt ye they
could" find, avoiding fantastick fashions.
Ye hatt was a demi-castor the prlz was
245."
About 1655 straw hats became fashion
able in England, where they were called
"Churchllls." Fine Leghorn hats cost
from 16 to 50 shillings apiece. In 1751 chip
hats were sold in the States.
In 1754, in an old copy of th? Salem
Gazette, "Air Balloon" and "Princess"
hats are advertised. These were French
fashions. A large brimmed hat was fash
ionable for some time at this date. It
had a low soft silk or gauze crown and a
broad ribbon bow with long ends at the
back and was trimmed with three os
trich feathers.
"Emily" and "Marlborough" hats
reigned supreme In 17S8. A letter written
to the Bister of Dolly Madison in 1796 by
Bally McKean (afterward Marquise
bald spots to open the pores and then rub
In warm olive oil. Do this every other
night. On other nights apply the follow
ing hair grower: Forty-eight grains re*
cord^ one-fourth ounce glycerin, and al
cohol enough to fill a two-ounce bottle,
The hair will look oily and stringy while
you are undergoing this treatment, but
In a week or two a soft, downy growth
should appear. I think 1 should use the
curlinfi Iron if I were you, So long as the
iron is not too hot no injury to the hair
d'Trigo) wrote thus of the fashionable
hat: "Tl ts an quite different sh.ipe
frcrr. wot tl 11 be. They have
no si ■ crown, scarce .-lt-.v rim.
and are I ■ h side and worn
much on the side of the -head
erai of them are made of chipped \
commonly known as cane hats. They are
all Ui
From these day* until just "befo* de
wah" hats took one shapi or another.
which w- an familiar with from pho'o
■ | re tho hats dis
played at the Eoell Society v.-ero relics of
■
Really, history does not hear out the
"when I was a girl" attitude- nf our eld
ers. There is ample proof that fashion's
glass has always reflected follies. There
fa in existence .in order to England writ
ten by George Washington for h\? little
stepdaughter— "Miss Custis." These are
the things the "Father of His Country"
considered necessary accessories to the
wardrobe of a little girl: Eight pairs kid
mitts, four pairs gloves, two pairs silk
shoes, feur pairs Calamanco shoes, four
pairs leather pumps, six pairs fine thread
stockings, four pairs fine worsted stock
ings, two caps, two pairs ruffles, two
tuckers, bibs and aprons of fashionable
goods; two tans, two masks, two bonnets,
one cloth coat, one stiffened coat of fash
ionable silk to pack thread stays, six
yards ribbons, two necklaces, one pair
silver sleeve buttons with stones, six
pocket handkerchiefs.
A little girl four years of ago, In kid
mitts, a mask, a stiffened coat with pack
thread stays, a tucker, ruffles, bib apron,
necklace and fan was a typical exam
ple of the fripperies of these days.
So, after all. we're not so worse.
will result. You ran make a very good
curling fluid by mixing one and a half
drama of gum tragacanth with three
ounces of proof spirits and, seven ounces
of water; perfume with a drop or two of
attar of Be; if too thick add a little rose
water,. The only way to keep the hair
fluffy is to shampoo it frequently, An tx
cellent shampoo for this purpose is th*
yolk of an egg, a pinch of borax and hair
an ounce of spirits ef rosemary; add a pint
of water to the egg and borax before
By Mme. Hyjreia.
pouring in the rosemary. Rub all over
: md thr-n ri
ir hair will ■ autl
■ and Buffy and shiny. Peroxide
of hydrogen will not injure your t<
only I should no: advise y< v to use I I
frequently.
ii the olive oil s
ency to s'lpprfUu^s h.iir ye al
■ everything will seem to Indui - a
. • . wth. Howi ■• ■ r. I myself shouid
h^ive no *>ar in the m
CHERIE— The best way to cover up the
bones in that neck of yours is to start in
on a fattening: diet. Then, if you will melt
together equal parts of lanolin, cocoanut
oil and cocoa butter, and with It mas
sage the neck and bust every night for
ten or fifteen minutes, you ■will soon ac
quire the development you desire. Mas
sages of the bust must be very gentle.
Pour the oil into the hand and with the
palm rub around and around and up. In
the morning dash with cold water. I
would reiterate the advice of your family.
"Let your skin alone." You are too young 1
to begin dabbing things on your face, un
less your skin happens to need something
in the way of a cold cream or skin food.
In that case you can rely upon any of
the formulas given in this department.
Don't bother about the freckles, unless
they are something awful. With proper
protection of the face when exposed to
wind or sun they will soon fade out.
Above all things don't try anything and
everything you happen to hear of, or you
will soon have no complexion to experi
ment on. "Which do men admire the
more the free, Jolly girl or the modest,
sincere one?" Dear! cear:*what a ques
tion for a beauty column. Don't you
think one of the "dear creatures" would
be better qualified to answer that ques
tion than a "mere woman." Suppose we
extend an invitation to some of the "men
folks" who occasionally peep into this de
partment (oh, they needn't deny that they
do peep, for we know better), to send us
a few opinions on the subject. A few of
these addressed to Mme. Hygela, The
Sunday Call, will be gladly aired in this
department. In the meantime, let me give
you one woman's idea of the character
istics she believes to be popular with the
sterner sex. They have- been condensed
into the following recipe: "Wit, nicely
flavored with wisdom; tart Imagination
and sympathy in equal quantities; the
essence of cheerfulness u*ed freely; in
telligence according to taste; admiration
for man ad libitum; flavor sparingly v.ith
common sense; add a. dash of coquetry;
mix well with the milk of human Und
ress; mold into graceful shape and serve
with sauce piquant©."
A. W, McA —The lunar caustic can be
procured at any drug store. Pure lemon
juice applied to the skin and left to dry
on. followed by a liberal smearing with
cold cream,* will usually annihilate
freckles.
THELMA ERRINGTON— think all
that your flair needs is vigorous 'rush
ing and perhaps a little olive oil applied
to the roots occasionally. Also see to it
that the split ends are all removed. The
hair will not grow as lonpr as the ends
are split. Keep the scalp thoroughly
clean and free from dandruff, and your
hair v.ill surely grow.
GENEVIEYE Your circulation Is
sluggish probably from lack of exercise
in the open air, which no doubt is re
sponsible in part for the condition of your
skin. The diet has much to do also with
the coming of facial blemishes. Eat all
the fruit that you possibly can. Stop eat
ing all pastries or rich sweets. Register
a boycott on pickles, broiled lobsters and
all such complexion destroyers. When
ever you are in doubt how to spend th©
next "half hour take a bath or indulge
in outdoor exercise. If the pimples still
persist In coming, then invest in some
taraxacum pills. (Extract of dandelion.
1 dram; rhubarb, q. s. ; divide into three
and a half grain pills.) Take one every
night. Then, If I were you, Genevieve, I
would apply a solution of bichloride of
mercury. Remember this: Bichloride of
mercury is a deadly poison. At the same
time. In proper proportions, it is a heal
ing medicine, like many other poisons.
One part of the mercury to 200 parts of
warm water makes a splendid skip
clearer, and is particularly good for pis*
pies. It 1c to be applied with a small, soft
sponge, and dabbed on for five minutes
at a time. Yes. rubbing th*> oil into the
hair will certainly make the hair oily
and stringy while you are using it, and'
you will probably have to shampoo it
once a week. I should continue it until
I felt that the hair had been benefited.
The little lines about the eyes can be
eradicated by massaging with the orange
flower skin food. Also be careful, tf you
sleep on a pillow, that the pillow doe 3
not push the skin up into little folds.
BETSY BAKER— I really do. not know
of any way to clean shell eomba except
to polish with a piece of. chamois skin.
Scars are very difficult to removed Mas
sag* with warm olive oil will sometimes
make them less noticeable, but I doubt If
it i» possible to make them lisappear en
tirely. If the hair gets moistened with
salt water when you take your swim In
the • •ran it mint be *ham;ioo<-tl after
ward and carefully dried, and no mischief
v.'M be dona,. By wearing a rubber cap
and being a little careful there is no
necessity of getting the hair wet.
2930
ADMIRAL DEWEY FROM A WOMAN'S POINT OF VIEW
Remarkably
Strong
Personality
of the Han
*yt -DMIRAL, DEWEY has at last re
f I turned to his own, his native land.
/' I a welcome that knows no State
y, j lino has greeted him. Americans
J[ the Union over are there to receive
: him unrl swell the patriotic wave
that threatens to Inundate the nation's
hero.
i : on the Pacific Ocean sails the hos
shlp Relief, Manila bound. There
• person on board who does not re
that the shin pulled anchor ere
...y came marching home. She
ijldn't crane her neck for a glimpse
[lie admiral. She's glad to escape rub
;.;. t 'Ibows with the mob, being jostled
:■:•(' jammed! tumbled and trod upon by
Cf'h;!"!.! frohc !>.r ■ -worship ma d
SJie's r. n unpatriotic. Sober gown,
pnowy cap and Rod Cross refute that.
In fact. Mies Strong, head nurse on the
Relief; Is 'the most ardent admirer of Ad
miral Dewey who ever disclaimed any
desire to witness the Dewey reception.
Orr board th^ ship Relief are twenty
other nurse's ordered lo the Philippines
for duty. They have all Been active ser
vice in Cuba, in Porto Rico, wherever
the stars and s tripos floated on the bat
tle-laden breeze.
The Relief was '•early to sail on the mor
row-. A group of nurses stood on deck
looking toward Kan Francisco perhaps for
the last time. From every State they
had come to this city to Ball for Ma
nila. ■
"If we could just have waited a month
longer, we could have been In New York
for the ' Dewey celebration." Thereupon
twenty nurses sighed as one.
''Nonsense," said the head nurse. "You
can't get any Idea of the admiral that
■way. 'He's .not a parade man. If you
had met ■ him on board the Relief the
last time we were in Manila you'd know
T)ew''.y as he Is in peace. It was the
next; best thing to standing 1 beside the
blympla puns with him In war. This
• 'first in the hearts of his countrymen'
<i'ippln>- w.lll embarrass the admiral and
rhako him creep Into his shell. He'll ap
. preciate the. feeling that causes It, but
. lie'.ll squirm like a fish out of water. If
you could only have known him as we
• did. 1 ' • . • ■
•' .■ It ha* been Riven to very, very few to
• look through the crust of reservo into
the. heart. of the admiral. One of the
few thus favored was Mis 3 Strong, hea4
•nurse. on the Relief. Small wonder that
Bhe. did not regret being: deprived of a
birdseyo view of Dewey. She has seen him
at closer-, ranjje. Moreover, she has been
.admitted to his friendship, enjoyed his
/hospitality and studied his personality,
. .XVe have had endless descriptions of the
battlJ) of Manila Bay. We have had
.rium'ber'oFs dissertations en the military
■tactics of the admiral. We have had not
a. few stories purporting to show the
persona] Bide of Dewey. But alack! they
were "all written by men. There lives not
» man with ken bo feminine that he can
satisfy the world's wife on those little
points which interest her.
Dewey from .a woman's point of view
Is .what we have been waiting for. No
one could be more competent to grive this
"than Miss Ptrong. At the urgent re
fluest of a Sunday Call reporter she nar
rated her < snoes with the great ad
miral.
"I did not meet Dewey until after the.
Cuban campaign. The Relief cared for
the ■Sick: and wounded there, making two
trips north with the disabled. After her
. second trip we stopped In New York
harbor .iu*t inner enough for repairs, and
tlien.' according to orders, put off for
Manila; -making 1 the run. in the fastest
!tijne on record.
." "\Vhon the Maine was sunk i was
nursing In a hospital In Washington.
.The day war was declared I offered my
■ services as a Government nurse. As 1
was on the spot and knew powers near
the thr.one I was one of the first, if not the
first nurse, accepted by the Government.
FACTS AND FIGURES ON THE BENEFITS DERIVED BY THE PACIFIC COAST FROM THE WAR IN THE PHILIPPINES
THIS war In the Philippines has
Francisco and the Coast
ius commercial
Thus declares Hugh Craig-, and as
n. W"',i known business man, a
tiamber of Com
. be ought to know what he la talk
ing: .at.
"Why, you sun sea fnr yourself," he
B war broke out Juat
Bt the most opportuno time for us. Now
cio not quote me as approving of
■war; that is quit© another thing alto
gether. But If we must hr-ve war, It
b£ folly to blind ourselves to the
•3 our city has derived and Is still
: g from It When hostilities com
• i the Klondike bonm had Just
and it looked as if we
■ to suffer a severe reaction.
In anticipation of a continued . rush to
the :': us of the north, many of
crur i) had laid in heavy Btocks,
■ 1 to thp city in the hope
of pr< lployment, largo steamers,
6uch n.s the Pennsylvania and the Ohio,
!it around from the Bast
n t!ie anticipated profits of the
The market v.-ys glutted
In ev< ry way with surplus tonnage,
- and. surplus labor.
"£)< tory at Manila and the
> : the Philippines
clia:.,. v all t'.ls with magi' 1 rapidity.
the city and money
•The stores and
ed with potential heroes,
bod nickels with
ships were
i by the Gov
, ■ ! s the
: ; i.i trans
w ■•;■ amers left
were I lt< i p the regular
: . luck) own-
Why, to giva
• : the O eanlo
La leaped from
; now stands."
lass of
busii ■ plying the
aich is con
•:<■ miniber
has .< v er>
md, .iiKi at i>r*s
. ■ • • ■ Bach
ds his
I -it. while ninny,
witi; of their own, spend
lam •• doh d out by
k their
II . • . of course, the
offlc< rs have far mon ■ ■■> burn than
the | thai r-arh man
■ month, tfiat makes
rh goes Into th"
ura retail dealers. The
lid, get most of
there Is a lot left over for
Ul soldiers do not drink,
aril in the ase of disbanded volunteers
islderable
sum U - b ilf with a complete
■ ar-stained
makes things lively for the
■
me and X" here all day,"
• dealer, as he
ol khaki-clad men
- 'he l eavlly laden
cloth ■ tiants, tx t
in I am. are getting more
of th ■ 'it still T estimate tho in
isiness due to the war at
individual outlay of the BOl
t mounts up to quite a re
ata In the total, is but a drop
In the. bucket .is compared with the vast
• expenditure of the Government on
Fhip:- and supplies. In accordance with
the general army practice, there are two
great spending departments— the quarter
master's anil the subsistence. The quar
termaster has entire control of the trans
port service. Ho buys or charters ships.
Jits them out for sea and supplies them
with all that Is needful for the voyage
except eatables. Everything that you
"When the Relief was ordered to
Manila, friends in Washington sent me a
letter of Introduction to Dewey, written.
I 5 a retired admiral and ■ ersonal friend
of Dewey. They wri te that tins wou.a
be more than i!;i- necessary touchstone to
an audience with Dewey.
"When w. n ■ i Manila the officers
of our ship and t!:>- admiral's exchanged
courtesies. I Inl I present my let
ter at once, but 260 sick and wounded
wer.- brought aboard and drove all
thoughts of Dewej from my mind.
"I knew that Dewej was very much
averse to rei elving visitors. All sorts
c with alt sorts
ana slz. s of letters clamored for an auo..-
We heard that every one who
walked up the gangplank was cordially
■ I h-. proxy, and then walked down
again with never a glimpse of Dewey
himself.
"Now and then, between watches, I
gav< my letter a thought, always to de
cide 'twas best to cherish the delusion
that if sent 'twould be honored rather
than put it to an actual test, A letter
fr.au tin- writer In Washington, however,
ig me for not pr< aenting it. made
it Imperative for me to st-nd it and await
the admiral's pleasure.
"At 11 6'clock In tho morning the tug
Bteamed toward the admiral's flagship,
the letter of Introduction on board. At
" in th<- afternoon we saw the beautiful
little white tu:,' of the admiral puffing
our way.
put into your mouth, whether by rating,
drinking or smnkniß, must come from the
subsistence department; everything that
you use In any other way from the quar
termaster.
Let u.s take the transport service first,
rs being fax the most Important. The
big white painted steamers have been
coming: in and going out of the
Golden Gate, for so many months that
the public lias grown quite accustomed
to this constant movement of troops, and
fail to realize Its magnitude. The Grant,
the Sherman, the Sheridan and a dozen
other huge vessels Bteal silently up to
the Folsom street dock, discharge their
living ■ argoes, take on board another con
signment of food for powder and are off
again to the seal of war, almost before
any one realizes what is happening. The
Folsom street wharf, now dedicated en
tirely to the Government service, has be
come a perfeel hive of orderly Industry.
In the rarly days of the war the trans
ports were scattered here, there and
everywhere along the water front. The
separation of the ships led to confusion
and delay and Involved much extra ex-
ThlH chaotic state of affairs could not
last long. As soon as it was seen that
the war in the Philippines was likely to
become a p rmanent institution, a con
stant drain upon ttie resources of this
country, the Government took steps to
secure a fixed home for Its transports.
The Folsom street dock, probably one of
the beet on the front, was handed over to
"Qod bless you. my boys,"
said Pewey.
" 'Admiral Dowey }iresents his compli
ments,' etc., paid a breathless sailor,
standing In the floor of the ward. At the
most 1 had expected an Invitation from
Dewey to assist him on the Olympia, That
he himself that very day would come to
the Relief seemed Incredible.
"I was on special duty putting hot com
presses on a soldier. 'I will he there as
.is another nurse relieves me,' was
the message I sent to Admiral Dewey. I
knew that the admiral would understand,
und hi did.
"1 lewey shook both my hands, declaring
that our mut,ual friends made us other
than strangers. Ho inquired after this
friend with that warmth and feeling that
proved to me that there is nothing half
hearted In the friendship of Admiral
Dewey. He asked after the children, call
ing them by name.
"Admiral Dowey is a man who Is exceed
ingly fond of children. His face lights up
the quartermaster, and under the man
agement of Captain Bameson, the chief
of the dock, a thoroughly efficient staff
has been organized. No matter how great
a rush there may be, affairs at the dock
move with the orderly regularity of mili
tary service. The department does all its
own stevedoring, and employs on occa
sion hundreds of longshoremen. For -he
use of this wharf alone the Harbor Com
missioners receive $187 a month. In ad
dition to this the Government pays wharf
age dues on all transports at any of the
docks. Thus the Sherman, when In port
pays the Stato of California about $n' a
day, the Grant $15, the Sheridan $15 aid
so on for smaller vessels. The pilots too
have benefited Immensely by this trans
port service. As they are paid by fees
according to the tonnage of the vessels'
they guide in and out of port, their earn
ings have been largely Increased by th<?
advent of these big Government vessels
But perhaps the best idea of the extent
of tho operations now being carried on
may be gathered from a Pimple list of
the transports which have left this harbor
for Manila. Since May, last year, no less
than eighty-five vessels have' sailed car
rying altogether the population of a de
cent sized city— more than fifty thousand
officers nnd men. In addition there are
the troops which have returned; but as
their arrival has been so recent I will not
concern myself with them. I have been
fortunate enough to obtain a complete
list of the departing transports, com
mencing with the pioneer chip, the Aus
THE SUNDAY CALL.
traJla, which sailed on May 25, IS9S, carry
ing 775 soldiers. Then follows a long:
string, the numbers given after the ship's
name being in each case the total fight
ing force on board: May 25. City of
Peking, 1027; May 25, City of Sydney, 696;
Jui.e 15, China. 1256; June 15, Zealandla,
701; June, 15, Senator, 1000; June 15, Colon,
592; June 27, Indiana, 984: June 27, Morgan
City, 70<t; June 27, City of Para, 1025; June
27, Ohio, !142; June 28, Valencia, 635; June
29, Newport, 585; July 16, City of Puebla
856; July i:.. City of Peru, 928; July 19,
Pennsylvania, 1340; July 23, City of Rio do
Janeiro, 90C; July 20. St. Paul, S4B; August
6, Charles Nelson, P2s; Augusts. Tacoma, 50;
Augtist 10, Marlposa, 155; August 18, Alli
ance, 324; August 20, Humboldt, 202;
August 21, Arizona, 1206; August 26, Scan
dla. 494; September 17, Condor; October
17, Senator, 800; October 19, Valencia, 509
--■ October 27, Indiana. 787; October 28 Ohio
769; October 80, Zealandia, 590; November
3, Pennsylvania, 1060; November 6, City of
Pueblo. 625; November 8, Newport, 517-
November IS. St. Paul, 89; December 22
Tacoma, 4fi; January 28, 1899, Scandia, 1255;
• January 26. Morgan City, 74, February l
Senator, 722; February 1, Ohio, 785;
February 7. Centennial, 1; February 26
Roanoke, 96; March 2, Portland, 105;
March 6, Valencia, 355; March 9, Marian
Chllcott; March 11. Conemaugh, 37; March
20; Cleveland; March 24, City of Puebla
719; Man-h 28, /. alandia. 640; March 30,
Charles Nelson, 01; April 12, Nippon Maru,
471; April IS, Hancock. 1520, April 20, New
port, 530, April 20, Warren 1219; April 24,
Bldston Hill: April 25, Morgan City, 622;
April 2S. Ohio, 7*l; April 2S, Senator, 713;
May 3, Leelanaw, 74; May 15, Centennial;
May, 22, Sherman, 1859, May 30 Grant,
1745; June 22, Zealandia, 609; June 24,
Sheridan. 1S40: June 25, St. Paul. 390; Juno
26, Valencia, 41<2; July 1, Pennsylvania,
941; July 3, "Wyeneld, 25; July 11," Conne
mauc.li. 34; July 13, City of Para 1035;
July 24, Tartar. 1221; July 27. Tacoma, 42;
July 27, Newport, 510; July 27, Ohio, 730;
August 1, Indiana, 811; August 10, Mor
gan City, 704; August 14, St. Paul, 160;
August 15, Senator, 665; August 18, City
of Sydney, 735; August 19. Slam, 5o;
August 29." City of Puebla, 655; September
2, warren, 1108; September 2, Leelanaw
35; September 8, Columbia, 578.
This makes a total, up to the last date
of eighty-five ships and 52.308 ofScers and
men. In addition to this some eighteen
transports are scheduled to sail during
the present month, and many of them
will probably have got away by the time
this article appears In print. It is no
wonder that the expenses of the depart
ment are heavy. Colonel Long Informed
me that the Government spent on the
transport service, on this coast alone
from the commencement of the war ud
to Juno 30, the end of the. fiscal year
more than 512.000.n00. Tho sum does not
include the purchase price paid for ships
bought outright by the nation. This
means an average outlay of $1,000 000 a
month, a sum which at present Is con
siderably exceeded.
If we turn to the Subsistence Depart
ment we find things being done on an
equally huge scale. The cost of feeding
soldiers comes to about $6 a month, so
that the monthly expenditure on 8000
men camped at the Presidio would run
to nearly $50,000. Then there are the
transports to be provisioned for the voy
age to Manila. At least a month's sup
ply would be needed for this trip and so
for 50,000 men we get an outlay of $300,000
for sea stores alone. After the men land
at Manila they must still be fed and the
bulk of their rations are shipped from
here. To meet this enormous demand the
Subsistence Department has dispatched,
during the past year no lees than 20,000,
--000 pounds, of freight.
It is no wonder that the provision men
are jubilant, that the wholesale dealers
of Market and . Battery and Sansome
jingle the dollars in their pockets and
watch contentedly while Uncle Sam
pours blood and treasure into a foreign
land. Every class of producer has bene
fited, tho farmers have sold their crops
of onions, and beans, and dried fruit' hay
oats, forage of all kinds has been in con
stant demand; the cracker factories have
been working day and night to meet the
need for hardtack, while the canneries
have had all they could do to supply
tinned fruits, soups and other delicacies
The clothing and shoe factories have
profited equally, In fact there Is hardly
a branch of trade which has not been di
rectly or indirectly affected.
But the best Idea of quantity required
Judged by
the Keen '"
Eyes of •;.'■
Femininity
whon h«.» speaks of them, and his voic«»
always pleasant, has an almost tender
ring. For twenty minutes he plied ma
with question? about these youngsters in
far away Washington, showing an ab-
Borbing interest in the most trifling de
tails.
"Satisfied on these points, the admiral
asked me why 1 had not at once presented
my letter. Rather embarrassed. I crude
ly answered that I had been 'too busy.
Before I could sugar-coat my mistake
Dewey, with appreciative sympathy, re
plied that 'he understood.' He fett
pleased rather than otherwise, and plain
ly showed it.
"I was agreeably surprised to find the
admiral a singularly handsome man of the
eagle type. The bad points in his features
■tare Intensified by the camera, and his
most charming and characteristic expres
sion, piercing yet kind, has never -been
caught in any picture that I have seen.
"Dewey is a gentleman of the old school
—Courteous and thoughtful in the ex
treme. As we stood on deck a native
woman of low caste dropped some fruit
out of a basket which she was carry'"*-
Other officers saw it, but not until Dewey
made the first movement did they at
tempt to pick it up. The admiral was too
quick for them, and with a kindly smile
put it Into the basket for the woman. This
pleased me, and showed the fine fiber ot
Dewey's courtesy.
"The admiral asked to be shown o\er
the ship and had a kindly word for every
one. we cannot but realize- the Interest
with which his every movement is re
garded, yet not a tinge of condescension
has crept into his speech. He is the quin
tessence of modesty.
"As we passed through a ward where
were the seriously injured, a young boy
with youthful impulsiveness cried out.
'What's the matter with Dewey?
11 'He's all right!' came in weak chorus
from the lads so close to the valley or
shadows. Pallid cheeks flushed, sunken
eyes glistened; those who- could p.ainfuly
raised their, weary heads and then, -with
pitiful effort, they gave a tiger, too.
Voice after voice hushed or broke; ut
" 'God bless you, my boys,' said Dewey,
huskily, and with eyes that saw net for
tears he shook hands with each and every
one of them.
"Tea was served, Dewey chatting 7 fra
ternally with Jhft officers and nurses. He.
talks easily and well without being garru
lous on subjects of general interest. Men
tion his own deeds and he shrinks &3
though under, the lash.
"Dewey Bpoke of his friendly relation*
with several Philippine . families and
afterward took me to call on them. Tha
children greeted him with ' cries of de
light, and he returned their caresses. Our
visits were highly appreciated, they con
sidering a call from Dewey. a distinction
and honor. Both of these families UVed
In houses with plain exteriors and rur
niFhlngs gorgeous in satins and gilt. Tha
admiral evidently notices -such things, for
he remarked on our way back how much,
more homelike plain furniture made •
house.
"I received, come beautiful Philippine
cloths and gauzes from these- people
which I showed to Dewey. He com
mented cm their delicate coloring, and
then said that he thought the Philip
pine style of garment in its simplicity so
much more graceful and. sensible than
ours. Admiral Dewey. while he is a big
man of big affairs, is not blind, .to the'
little things that count for much in the
sum totals. He Is an acute observer in
every sense of the word.
"After one of these visits Dewey re
marked that he did not think the friend
liness of these Filipinos was strong
enough to last should he in any way In
terfere with Philippine liberty. 'What
they want is liberty, he said. "They- re
gard me as their liberator from the Span
ish, and as such appreciate me. Were
I in turn to help put new masters over
them they would surely oppose me as
bitterly.' The frank and evidently sin
cere friendliness of these people would
seemingly contradict any possible change
of feeling, but Dewey was positive that
it was only liberty deep.
"You have to meet and talk with Dewey
to appreciate how absolutely the ego 13
lacking in his makeup. He could not
think a petty thing, much less do It. He
is a son of America, of whom the nation
cannot be too proud."
by the Subsistence Department Is to be •
gathered from Its proposal form. The
department deals with the merchants and
every month or so sends out a list of the
articles it requires. Inviting tenders for .
their supply. The list covers a huge
printed sheet the size of this newspaper
and makes mention of nearly every kind of
eatable. It is impossible tor produce the
document in its entirety, but I will go
over a few of the leading items. .
In the matter of meat, our soldiers need
10,000 pounds of salt pork and 10,000 pounds
or salt beef. Bacon Is a still more popu
lar article, for 50,000 pounds of it are re- :-'.
quired. Tinned soup Is a much more lux- :*
urious diet, and I suppose the officers get
most of It. They need 1200 quart cans of
beef soup, 1000 of chicken, 1200 of clam
chowder, 1200 of mock turtle and 1200 of
oxtail. Six thousand pounds of dried fish.' :
are asked for, and 400,000 pounds of extra
family flour. In addition, there are 10,
--000 pounds of hard bread, 6000 pounds of
cornmeal, 50,000 pounds of beans and 1200
pounds of hominy. For drinking there/ .-.-.
are 12,000 pounds roasted coffee, .1700.
pounds tea, 5000 gallons of the strongest
vinegar and 1200 gallons of syrup neu
tralize each other. For condiments there
arc 40,000 pounds of salt and 1000 pounds ■
of pepper. Fruit is in great demand.-
Nineteen thousand two hundred two and ' ■.
a half pound cans of apples are asked V
for, 60,000 pounds of evaporated apples, ■ ■
12,000 cans apples, 12,000 cans apricots, 12,
--000 cans peaches. 60,000 pounds '• evapor- ■'
ated peaches, 12,000 cans pears, 3000 cans '
pineapple, 3000 cans damson preserve.' and ■
60,000 pounds dried prunes. These are the
chief articles on the list which may be
called necessaries, but there follows a .'•■
long string of luxuries, most of them, I
suppose, intended for sale to the officers' • '.-'
mess. There are 36,000 pounds of. butter, 3600'
• pounds fancy chocolate, 1200 cans aspara- i
pus, 1200 cans string beans. COCO cans green' '
corn and 1200 cans peas. Smaller quanti- ':
ties are required of almost every article-"'
of table luxury, such as clam bouillon^,
succotash,, curry powder, cocoa, marma
lade, beef extract, crabs, crackers, mac-.
aroni, mushrooms, deviled ham. spices, • -
oils, pickles, etc. Fancy Jams are in
great demand. 24.000 two-pound cans being
railed for, and the army must be a post*::
nve glutton for cranberry sauce.' .since It
needs 24,000 two-pound cans. I can under--- '
stand all these things finding their place : '
on a well-appointed mess table, but what-'
in the name of goodness do soldiers want
with 500 bottles of infants' food of a much
advertiser! brand? Tobacco, of various
kinds runs up to over 10.000 pounds and
thousands of pipes are needed to smoke it
It must be remembered that these: flex- ;
ures represent only the minimum amount'
of each article required. The department
has power to double the quantity if it sees
fit. And as the army In the Philippines
increases, so will the proposals be ex
tended; and business grow still brisker.-- •
The preparation and miunifac-tyre (if - all
these articles have absorbed nil. the: c, u . r ..'
Plus labor of the market; the urgent •
demands of the. transports have practi
cally _ cleaned up the water front; ship- '
wrigh are working overtime! and mak
ing higher wages than thov .h ;l vo. ever- ••
since the pioneer days; lonushCT-'mon are -'
getting all the work -they "an -p^ofy do :
and Bailors neve,- wen so-ruird-ti " oh :
***"• , f ne greatest mdiv, K aincr- nas
probably been the Southern 'icfla
Company and its offshoots* They :
have brought as .we have %eV ; over f
fifty thousand men into Bun Fran^'
Cisco to say nothing- -of the' rdiatlvM
and friends of these ■pkSSraSljvSsßS
they must get the return traffic too*
w_hich means the transport of nnarmv
of over a hundred thMsanfl • n - arm^;
Lastly, I .will quote- J. -A FYlcher th^ '
rnanapr of the State Board of Trade' whS •
from His official position Is enablcOto '
iers. iiic merchants of thf'nltv* nr>/» •'
coasi has,, gained million^." Saia FTlchey
mßggfifßgi
mllitar^ fliln«^l? P i tluen » co of the *normous
3SffWSS a iS? fo'^me^rate^ 11^^ at
J. F. ROSB-SOLET. v; :MAKING THE ROUNDS WITH A NIGHT MAIL COLLECTOR
iking Time on a Night
f Mail Cart.
;|IGHT
HOURS
HARD
JOURNEYING
Til OUT
BITE
OR
.SUP
FOR
■■';■■ - TIAN
':■::■;■ OR
.BEAST.
'AYE rnn.de' the- rounds with a night
.::; . Collector. ; The earliest lights
rftpi ■ 'street. ' car? and .street lamps
■ere fumbling through the grimlneas
f a squib of Market fog: when we
arted: ;\Y> wefe three! Two of ua
two/of the hardest ' wnrkprp in San
;'ci*i •>;■: a. night .': mail, collector ami
• - f- p-jv^pf- in grotesque, witch-like
- . ross The ,=ky, and sagged, soot
a.i.ra'." our", heads. The mail
•or shone rosy with the chill of it
•thoijght nf.'his fifteen day vacation
:':• : r-,- hut : the little roan drooped
■ • >u : ifiofti ns . har.no.ss drearily.
<■ is' no joy. in .work for. the faithial
. v "EW.TMKht 'trip began at naif-past six.
'At'tha corner of Second and Mission
-H.r. l,arkey rriade his first collection.
:■;. Fronb- thxrre we' worked, slowly downward
; -.Vyt-*e'jwharves. ;
, : ■•'/'•};< ; ;.vi'<.,i. b/jxes-' idle on almost every
• ■ thrr '-' al ' its, and the mail within
■:,■••. s . Kfiay.yv: The people who drop
.- • \':>-:f kij^-sv the collector's time to a
• fr ••"• -t-'V and . everywhere we met them
>. jt^yfegr "to reach a. box In time. Clerks
\ •'•/.'3. mesispngcr boys . these people were,
<'-"<lHh<3 .letters', they brought were. In big
rHSfi'^ess qnveiQpes.\.-Th'e writing on the
•:;:'..-.. ■•.'■•:<-: !:« way in generous, well
'ivT^ • curves.-; It-was" the writing that
to. the world of. commerce. "*.':;
. ; : i;VV.oy:d;' t> c surprised, to see how often
'■v'-vf puil.e watch .on you," Mr. Larkey
.. rNUi.'trked:: "Sonietimert • they'll tell- you
. S"P u /t* hilf a aairiute ahead of time. The
 . .t'>ikH •work : in, these- big places until the
.^H":SQcond, then they . run out with the
'•\ le-ttejfa 4 * lid' if ; you're too soon, they've
R:.'£ ,a k!e}{ comiri'-. Y.ou have to be sure
■ ¥■'■:; ;'»-'.o sloiv.orirWgh.'-' \
'■'Hhyx . .tnqugh? ..It gconied the least dlfll
. ,C:'-- : ; .: : i:. : -the. way. Dewey, whilom
• - -■' 1 -:-.y, th(S ■ . mcho'ly roan, crawled on
'•v.;-!-j at nail's pace. Topsy expressed,
w^ry thKnWuj,uees all" over hia boay at
every corner halt. His head bung a little
heavier at each start onward.
We writhed our way through tm -^«>n
inir fog and the buildings stood blacker,
block by block. I looked nt the jky.
that still shimmered a wee bit with day
light ' and I wondered just as 1 used to
wonder when I gloried more in a chase
of red and mack dogs across the field of
a calico pinafore than 1 should glory now
in the embroidered peonies of a new em
pire brocade. I wondered when is that
minute that second that halrsbreadth
of time that day really ceases and night
real y begins. And. Just as In the calico
days they fooled me once again and day
sneaked out and night si pped in some
how when I was not looking. big whit,
Down at the water front a big whi.te
something rose of a sudden and con
fronted nYe. It was the Grant. Close by
'^j'heVaftfmSch mall In It to-night."
Mr Larkey said. "But you ought to see
;> » box every time a transport leaven:
The coWilrfwrlto last letters then and
ir fn "117 they go down to sail. Other
times I cfon't ttnS many letter.. The
toUrs don't write any. I guess they
around the world bo rauoh that
they don't have :'VtO
-£ It is the rolling stone story
: "\v' : . : ' were making the one-hour trip
then- We were expected at Station D
a.t 7-30. If we were later than
1:30 we .would find^rouWa^jwalthJsat
Station D. If we -were earlier fhan tlia
inscribed minute of each box's announce
ment we would find trouble running after
us. The responsibility weighed Topsy
down to the cobbles. It kept his mas
ter's watch in his hand when a smoke
stack or a building struck out the Bight
of some lighted city cluck.
Dewey knows his district. He pulled
up at every box and he listened patiently
to the sound of the key in the lock, the
drop of the box. the soft noise of letters.
Even the rattling of the box into place
again never tricked him — it was not his
cue. But the snap of the spring lock
then he knew. And with the bleak.
obedient endurance of his class of p«o
--ple he continued.
"Get-ap," said Mr. darkey. "He needs
the whip now, you see. If you should
drive the friskiest kind of horse over this
trip for about three nights you'd have to
whin him by that time. They get broke
inside a week. Topsy was a good horse
before he went Into the business, but he's
spoiled now. He's been at it most three
years, and ho never gets a night off ex
cept when 1 get my vacation— fifteen days
every year.* He pulls eight hours a night
over these cobblestones and over the hills,
and it's broke him. He never used to
stumble, but sometimes he : goes down
with me now. If it rains and the streets
are slippery, he has a hard time to keep
up. The rest of the boys keep two horses
and change oft; they can't get .any that'll
THE SUNDAY CALL.
" Jhere Ain't Much Mail in 3t Jo-Might"
Btttnd working every night. Hut Topsy
stands it. When I first got him 1 thought
he wouldn't last a week, but he was bet
ter'n I thought. Those roar. a seem strong
er than other horses. He's about eight
years old and he's always worked hard. I
fuess. He used to work for a butcher
ut that wasn't so bad as this— not so
steady. But he's been at it 'bout long
enough now. and I'm going to let him
Btop. I'm going to take him over home to
Fruitvule and let him have a good time,
and I'll get a new horse when I start
work again."
Topsy's reward is to be that of the
scarred veteran. I took the opportunity
to tell him about his prospects the. next
time I was left alone with him. but I do
not think he understood. He turned his
unchecked head slowly, rheumatically,
and looked mo full in the face, but his
look was incredulous and only said: "Who
are you, taking possession of the United
States mall cart an<l talking nonsense to
me? Do you want to If ad me into a fools
paradise? Are you sane, to be talking
about fields that wax green and fat when
the new rama come, and idleness to
munch therein? No; my paths are the
aching paths that lead over bumpy cob
bles, and my cue 1? the click of a lock."
And as I thought upon a horse's
thoughts I could see notning in all his
mental outlook which might serve in the
place of man's greatest joy— the joy of
nope. Topsy's good time is coming, but
he is deprived of the greater good time
Of anticipation, and even in the days when
he shall roam, cropping over luscious
fields across the, bay, will there not al
ways be ono anxious ear trembling for
the click? The pathos of animals that
cannot know ana ti.e pathos of the old
who move confused through a maddening
city's streets always hurt ma with the
same hurt.
Our way was straight and plain once we
reached Market street. It waß 6hort to
cQllect from the boxes oa the couth side
from Second street down, and there wai
the faintest flicker of enthusiasm In the
roan's pace, tie knew that the lights of
the ferry building ahead meant a brief re
cess from mail boxes. When we drove
under the left arch we were sharp on
time.
In the short time allowed for rest before
the long- trip should begin I followed for a
little way on their .shifting Journey the let
ters we had brought in trie blue and white
Back. I have a confused reconectlon of
seeing: them faced, stamped up, by dizzy-
Ing fingers, and their edges were
shoved even In a trough, and they were
fed. scores at a time, to a greedy, gasping
little machine that reached eager claws
out to seize them the raster. When I
next.saw them they were postmarKed and
their stamps canceled.
Beyond that I understood little, al
though there were polite people every
where who explained. The sorting for
city delivery impressed me as tedious and
I wondered how many of the trifling notes
we write— the acceptances and regrets and
I'm-ln-towns— are worth the trouble they
make. But I saw Bundy and I shall not
forget him. Of all the wolves In sheep's
clothing I ever came across, Bundy Is the
wolflost wolf at heart with the guise of
the sheepiest sheep. His front door was
opened for me and I saw the workings of
him. and I learned hoy.- he tells tales.
Then his front door was closed again and
once more he stared down, without a sign
of malice aforethought in his bald, hypo
critical face. All he said was, "Quarter
to 8."
Below stairs we went to the waiting
Topsy and we found him surrounded by
the four other horses who do the four
other districts. The red carts stood hud
dled In the light of the broad entrance and
their drivers stood awaiting the only girl
who ever made the night round. I was
Introduced to their cordial welcome be
ginning with Cupid and ending with
londey; and, by my faith, they are &
merry lot. They work like men, as I
learned before we came upon t..e next
day, and there's not a man in the employ
of our Govemn.ent who better earns every
red penny that It pays him.
Cupid sank a blue cap afar down his
head, and what part of him was visible
behind his mustache looked mischievous.
I heard him mutter anxiously from be
hind It, "I hope Larkey's not going to
serve you the trick he served himself
onee — tip over on the hills."
Then the breezy voice of the good-look
ing extra Joined In: "These trips are
pretty dangerous after the city gets dark.
One of the hoys drove into a pile of lum
ber One night— didn't see it comin'. We
often have breakdowns. The road 9 are
bad places in the night."
And I forgave them all right generously
for their sinful intentions, for they had to
bear the disappointment of my not scal
ing worth a cep*-
The three of ua started first, for our
■way was long and Topsy's speed Is not
what it might be. The boys saw us off.
"Don't you think you'll got tired?"
"Better wrap that around you tighter."
"Can you keep awake till 2:30?"
"TVell| good luck to the trip."
The wind raced down Market street
that night arid we Urove straight in its
face. Topsy bent his head lower than
ever. The street was at its gayest, but
Topsy noticed nothing. He is sadly used
to it all. The terrified shriek of a flro
whistle did not startle him, and ha
glanced soberly at the hook and ladder
as it crashed onward toward him as if it
were part of the collecting business. The
hook and ladder turned an unexpected
corner and sprang, mad, upon us, and
Topsy Jogged gently in front of it, In time,
heaven knows how, to miss it.
"You won't find any part of the trip
much colder than this," Mr. I.arkey en
couraged. "The climate Is different over'n
the Mission." The swooping wings of the
air struck us. and the dnrk we were driv
ing into made it feel colder. Thera were
six hours still ahead.
There was no stop to be made until we
reached Twenty-fourth and Church
Ktroets. There we wore due to collect
from the first box at 9 o'clock. We were
on time, and ten minutes over, during
which wo grew warm and drowsy in th'j
corner drugstore. The drugstore made
outdoors much colder than before, and the
air that crept in, even above a three-Inch
collar, mad.- me bundle myself heavily.
In that far-away part of the town red
boxes are not near together. Once in a
long while there is one altogether empty
ana the few letters found are more vari
ous than :n the commercial district. Some
are addressed in ungainly foreign char
acters and some writings quiver with old
age and some are copper-plate labors on
pink or blue squares that bespeak ruled
note paper within.
Thpn of a sudden we came upon the
hills. Uncompromising clay under foot
boded ill for winter trips.' Topsy cast a
despairing glance ahead. I blushed wlt'a
Bhame at what I had blindly undertaken;
to H<ld one hundred and nine and one-half
pounds to his hack-breaking burden. I
was gladdened for the first time to think
of the half-pound I have diminished of
Iflte days.
The carrier Jumped from the cart. I
looked for a box at first and wondered
why Topsy had not halted. But as he
swung his firms for r«'iiof and started
bravely up the hill beside his weary little
companion, I understood.
"It makes it easier for him when we
come to these hills." he said. And de
prrcatingly: "I don't mind any, it's a
change from rldin.' " It was said as If to
relieve Topsy's mind. It was like your
mother when she used, to tell you to take
the only help of currant Jelly left— she
really didn't care for currant Jelly. In
my eight hours of comradeship with Mr.
Larkey I came to the conclusion that he
is a good man if ever there was one. He
h;is rhe oi'en blue eye that Jack says
hasn't a cross word nor a headache in it.
The lines had he.>!i dropped long since,
and Topsy was left to zigzag the hills at
liis own discretion. I watched him turn
corners when they should be turned at
the guidance of naught but his own wise
head, ami I marveled. Among the 127
boxes collected between 6:30 p. m. of
Friday and 2:30 a. m. of Saturday he
never erred but once. That was when we
returned by way of St. Luke's Hospital.
There against the white wall and below
the shiny green terrace hangs a new red
box. The whole might be a page from a
JUSTIN M'CARTHY'S OPINION OF
GEORGE ELIOT.
It was thp Autocrat of the Breakfast
Table who had laid down the principle
that men, like peaches and pears, grow
sweet a little while before they decay. At
30, he explained, eager and ambitious
men are striving to carve a name for
themselves, but twenty years later they
have either succeeded or have shut up
their claspknife. Does this explain the
thoroughly optimistic tone of the "Remin
iscences" of Justin McCarthy, a man who
certainly may consider that he has suc
ceeded? Both England and American
critics are now engaged in poking more
or less funny fun at this eminent Irish
man for his roseate view of all his friends
and acquaintances— even those who op
posed him in religion, In politics and in
literature. I wonder If It is right for me
to Increase their hilarity by pointing out
one little discrepancy between the Justin
McCarthy of twenty-five years ago and
the Justin McCarthy of to-day?
Just about twenty-five years ago, In an
article contributed to the Galaxy, a once
famous New York magazine, Mr. McCar
thy made this hesitant allusion to the
physical characteristics of the lady who
called herself George Eliot: "Nature in
deed seemed to have given this «xtraor
Kate Greenaway .picture-book. When Mr.
-arkey attempted to drive Topsy to this
i.ew box the little roan attempted mild
lj to correct. "It he was going the
r ids by to-morrow night he'a know by
I time," he said. . :
inding back through the Mission was
a reary business. Qn-ce-.we came upon
t! only surprise that the world had left
fo Topsy — a .train above his head. It
snorted as we drew n.«ar the bridge and
started pompously across. Topsy knows
trains when they meet him face to face
on a level, but this-^it had never chanced
so before. It must, be some sort of
black monster waiting to spring. Ha
whimpered, a tfny whimper and shied
piteously. He will never wonder again.
Further along were streets that frowned
at those who [presumed to crash through
midnight stillness^ There were no lights
left by this time, save in saloons.' There
were no pedestrians, save policemen and
watchmen. There were no wagons at all.
"Good evening," said a formidable of
ficer after he had given us a lightning,
sketch of the suicide between the click
of the key and the snap of the lock. The
next policeman we met said "Good morn
ing."
It Was six long, cold hours sine* din
ner. 1 began to think tenderly of tha
::g dish.
"What iim© do you hay« supper?** I
ventured.
"After 2:"0. Sometimes I stop In for a
cup of coffee on the trip, but I don't often
do it. because I have hard work to make
up time when I do."
.t hours hard Journeying without
bite or sup for man or beast! Did I not
tell you they were two of the hardest
workers In San Francisco-?
"That's about the only thing I ever
complain of." he added. "If we could
have about half an hour at midnight to
pet something to eat we could stand the
work better. And we need one night off
k. The hours are hard. O' course,
v.c sleep late in the mornin'. but the day
sleep don't seem somehow like night
sleep."
The same story of the night hand every
where. Nature, crying out against the
madness of turning her night to day.
There Is fretfulness and feverlshnesa in
the morning sleep.
We darted between the scolding engines
of Townsend street and brought hack the
straggling little letters that are now and
then dropped the other g!dr of the
tracks. Along the wat<*r front we. found
that night was not yet done. Xlght never
is done down there until daylight takes a
hand in the matter. The. hours were so
wee and small by this time that most of
you never saw them at all as they scud
ded by. They are. the hours that helong
to mail carts and milk wagons; they are
the hours that are approprf- t*A by- sights
and sounds not pretty to see nor pleasant
to hear. Along the water front m.on
staggered, alone or against some fellow
staggerer's shoulder. On Market street
cabs were driven in the definite manner ;
that indicates an occupant. •
So much belonged to the end of night.
It was overlapped by the beginning of
'lay. One lono man and his white d"g
kept the wharf, while the man fish-ed for
breakfast. Up Sansome street filed a
stately, rumblirg procession of fruit waer
, «. "Those fellows drive In from Ocean
View, and sometimes they fa!! asleep like'
w<» do," Mr. Larkey said. "Lots o' : tfm<-s
I go to sleep between h"xes, and T
wouldn't know onoueh to.'wtueup .if the
horse didn't stop at the right place."
We rattled dov.ii Market street In thi
wake of Cupid and the Mascot, with"
Blonde? close upofin us. Tt was a. little
short of 2:30 when we rolled in the Ferry
station.
"So you stayed with him to the end?"
they greeted me with.
"Why, of course. Didn't you know that
I intended to?" I was. still able to smile.
"Intended to— yes -but—"
"The boys all had it up that you'd tr^t
tired out before 12 and take a car
home," my guide explained.
The lighted carts wheeled about
and formed in line to depart. Their red
paint and the blue of the drivers shone
under the electric light, and they looked
like a line of circus charioteers.
"Glad you happened on the best
weather we've had."
"Next time you ride crac with me;
there's the most to see on my route."
"Next time you come you can rlda in
one of the new wagons."
Then it was off and away and men
slept. KATHRYN MARCH.
<Jlnary woman an the gifts a woman could
ask or have save one. It will not, I hope,
he considered a piece ■■ of gossiping per
sonality if I allude to a fact which must,
some day or other, be part of literary his
tory. Mrs. Lewe.s ia not beautiful.- In her
appearance there is nothing whatever to
attract admiration. Hers, is not even a
face like that of . Charlotte Custaman,
which at least must make a deep impres
sion and seize at once the attention of the
gazer; nor does it seem like. that of Mme.
de- Btael or Elizabeth Barrett Browning,
informed and illuminated by the light of
genius. Mrs. Lewes is what we in Eng
land call decidedly plain,- what .people .in
New York call homely,- and what persons
who did not care to soften the force of an
unpleasant truth would describe probably
by a still harder and more emphatic ad
jective." "-'■•■-' • ■ ' ,: •
Now mark how the Justin McCarthy of
to-day speaks of the .same lady. In the
eighteenth chapter of his . "Reminis
cences" this phrase, occurs: "livery one
who reads books and Is interested in great
authors is acquainted with tire features
and lineaments of George Eliot— that' long,'
pale, colorless face, with its clearly cut
outlines— face not beautiful, indeed;- but
full of that intellectual . expressiveness
which appeal? toje.y.gry mind and heart."
3132
THE
PRIZEBABIES
AT THE
MECHANICS INSTITUTE
CHINESE
BABY
SHOW
THE bujndAT CALX*.