VOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 13.
FRANCE'S MINISTRY STEPS
OUT OF OFFICE.
PARIS, June 12. — Immedi
ately after the Chamber of
Deputies voted against them
to-day the French Ministry re
signed.
President Loubet accepted the
resignations, but requested them
to remain in their offices until
their successors are named.
It is presumed M. Loubet will
summons the presidents of the
chambers to-morrow in order to
consult with them on the forma
tion of a new Cabinet.
On leaving the Chamber M.
Dupuy observed to a group of
Deputies in the lobby: "We
hand over the business to luckier
but not to more courageous
men."
The Interview between M. Dupuy and
his colleagues and President Loubet
was brief but cordial. The President
expressed his thanks for the support
he had received from the retiring Min
istry, adding that he would always re
member their services gratefully. M.
Dupuy was agreeably surprised at M.
Loubet's cordiality..
Thf>re are already many surmises as
to the composition of the new Cabinet,
but it is pointed out that as the Dupuy
Ministry did not fall on a question in
volving the political complexion of the
Ministry, It is difficult to see on what
basis the new Cabinet will be selected.
M Dupuy has certainly not a good
press this morning. Whatever else
was the failure yesterday he succeeded
In uniting every political party against
him. Everybody condemns the display
of armed force at the Grand Prix. It
v.-.-.c really more like a military review
than a horse race, and all declare it was
unnecessary, the Royalists because
they are disgusted with the Auteuil af
fair and would have seen themselves
that there was no repetition of it. and
the Socialists because they have
thrown in their lot with the Govern
ment and consequently there was noth
ing really to be feared yesterday.
M. Dupuy's show of a perfect army
exasperated everybody: Even the
Figaro quarrels with him for overdoing
things. The Sieele's leader Is headed
"Fall of Dupuy," and Clemenceau asks
if there are not enough honest men in
the Chamber to rid France of a disas
trous man — namely, Dupuy — who only
stops plotting against all presidents of
the republic long enough to smash the
heads of republicans. Paul de Cassag
nac ironically applauds him as a mas
ter strategist. There is talk about a
n*'w combination Ministry under M.
"Waldeck Rousseau.
It is rumored at the offices of several
newspapers this evening that the Due
d'Orleans has been arrested at Nice.
Xo confirmation of (he report can be
obtained and it is quite improbable, as
he is supposed to be cruising on his
yacht.
A late dispatch from Nice reports a
rumor that a general of Italian origin
has been arrested on a charge of es
pionage.
ACTION THAT CAUSED
THE CABINET'S DOWNFALL
PARIS, June 12.— The Chamber of
Deputies was crowded to-day and there
was considerable suppressed excite
: ■■ when M. Vaillant, Socialist, rep
resenting one of the divisions of the
lated the Government <m
.•lay's police outrages at the Pa
vilion d'Armenonville, and demanded to
know the instructions the Government
gave the police In regard to the Social
ists, who, he said, defended the repub-
M. VAILLANT.
He acajnpt the reactionaries. (Ap
plaui
The Premier, M. Dupuy, replied, nay-
Ing that he realized that yesterday was
•• day for all republican*. He
zed that there, had been few In
nd that the only instructions
to the police were to maintain order.
The Government, he continued, had or-
I nn Inquiry into the responsibil
ity for the affairs al th>' Pavilion d'Ar
menonville and the itu<- Montmartre. At
tiio same time, the Premier pointed out,
the Government acknowledged the ser
vices "f the police, adding that the
itenance of the government was
i n possible without public order. (Ap
M. CLOVIS HUGUES.
The San Francisco Call.
M. CHARLES DUPUY.
plnuse from Center and protests from I
Leftists.) . i
The Chamber, after further debate, |
adopted by a vote of 321 to 173 the
order of the day proposed by M. Rueau,
Radical, representing the Second Dis- |
trict of St. Gautiens, which the Pre- j
mier refused to accept. j
After M. Dupuys statement. M.
Clovls Hugues, Socialist, and others, !
complained of the police treatment yes- j
terday. Finally the closure was de- I
Glared and half a dozen orders of the
day were moved. The Premier sup
ported the order of the day of M. Sau
mande. Republican, approving .the dec- i
laration of the Government, for which i
priority was demanded, and refused by |
a vote of 253 to 246. ,-7; ■■• ]}/
AmldHt increasing excitement other
motions more or less favorable to the i
Government were defeated and the
Chamber then adopted, by 366 to 177,
priority for M. Rueau's motion.
Finally M. Dupuy. declared that the
Government would accept nothing of
M. Saumande's order of the day, and
the Chamber promptly carried M. :
Rueau's motion.
The text of M. Rueau's motion was as
follows: "The Chamber is determined
to support only a Government resolved
to defend vigiorously republican insti
tutions and to secure public order and
passes to the order of the day."
After the vote was announced the So
cialists shouted "Vive la Republique,"
the Ministers left the house and the
Chamber adjourned.
The successive votes In the Chamber
of Deputies to-day clearly demon
strated the existence of a majority, in
cluding members of all parties, who
were determined to rid themselves of
the premiership of M. , Charles Dupuy.
The interpellation of M. Vaillant was
simply a cleverly selected pretext to
conceal the real cause of the approach
ing crisis, i ••■;.-";■. • v
. Socialists and Radicals alike are dis
satisfied with what they have consid
ered the contradictory attitude of the
Dupuy Cabinet in the Dreyfus affair.
The Moderates hope to secure the- re
turn of M. Mellne to power. The revo
lutionaries, Nationalists and anti-Sem
ites hope, in their opposition, to M. Du
puy, to find a more tolerant man in his
successor.
This is the explanation f?f to-day's
voting, resulting in the downfall of the
Cabinet. The supporters of the (^>v
frnmont only numbered 173, recruited
for the most part from the ranks of
the 1-Cadieals.
Many Deputies agree that the Drey
fug affair Is largely responsible for the
fall of the cabinet. All of the Royal
ists and many of the Radicals declare
that their share of the responsibility
9 -♦-<$>— »-4>~*~ <s•— ♦— ♦ ♦- •$■ -•- <$ -♦-<s> -♦ --9
M. RUEAU.
must be brought home to General Boia
deffre and General Merrier. At the same
time those taking this view have been
all along persuaded that M. Dupuy
would never proceed to that extreme.
Accordingly they seized upon M. Vail
laht's interpretation as a means of ex
pressing their defiance and distrust of
the Dupuy Ministry.
Certainly there is no denying the fact
that the question of the final settlement
of the Dreyfus case hangs like a dead
weight on the situation to-night and
will prove a great obstacle in the set
tlement of the crisis.
Of the statesmen already named in
parliamentary circles In connection
■with the premiership of the new Cabi-^
SAN FRANCISCO. TUESDAY, JUNE 13, 1899.
net those most frequently mentioned
are M. Raymond Poincare, Deputy frrr
Meuse, who was Minister of Public In
struction at the time of the Dreyfus
court-martial, and who testified before ]
the Court of Cassation that ML Dupuy
hud recently said to him: "] think we
were the victims of a big hoax In 1R94": ]
M. Theophile del Casse, Minister of;
Foreign Affairs in th» retiring Cabinet; j
M. Henri Brisson, who was M. Dupuy's i
immediate predecessor, and Senator
Pierre Waldeck-Rousseau, who was
Minister of Interior in the Cabinet of
Gambetta in I*Kl and again in the I
Ferry Cabinet in 1893.
Aged Man Cremated.
SAN PABLO, June 12.— George Mitch.
80 years of age. was burned to death
at his home near San Pablo early yes- \
terday morning. Mitch was a single man,
and had lived in the vicinity of • San
Pablo for the past forty years. No one
saw the fire, and it was not known the.
old gentleman had met death until this
morning. Several articles of furniture had j
been taken from the house and were not
destroyed. It is presumed he was trying
to. secure valuables and was overcome I
by heat and smoke. j
CANADA NOW SEEKS
FURTHER CONCESSIONS
Will Ask That Goods Imported Into
the Dominion From Alaska Be
Free of Duty.
WASHINGTON. June 12.— While hope
ful th.it the modus vivendi with Great
Britain respecting the provisional Alas
kan boundary will be settled upon the
tines laid down by Kmbassador Choate,
thero seems to be some apprehension in
official circles that the I,ondon govern
ment will demand further concessions.
So far as the boundary itsHf is concerned
the two governments are near enough
agreed to make it apparent that there
will be no httcb as to the location of the
line. There seems to bo a disposition to
believe that in view of Canada's failure
to secure a port on the Pacific for her
great Northwest Territory she will urk r ''
the British Government to ask of the
United States that all goods Imported
Into the I>ornlnion from th>> Alaskan coast
be permitted to come in frf-e of duty and
thai a certain zone be set asioV through
which goods could pass without hin
drance. This proposition has not yet been
submitted, but It is stated that if brought
to the attention of this Government it
will be immediately rejected whether th<'
concession desired be either temporary or
permanent.
The Dalton trail seems yet to be the
only point under discussion, and It is
stated with positiveness that the line will
be placed just to the north of the village
of Kluckwiin antl will not include it. This
location will deprive the Canadians of the
port they are so anxious to obtain.
ANTI-TRUST CONFERENCE
MOVEMENT INDORSED
AT.'STTN, Tex., June 12.— Governor Say
ers to-day received letters from the Gov
ernors of Ohio, Illinois, Kentucky. Michi
gan. Colorado, lowa and Nebraska, all
of them indorsing the movement to hold
an anti-trust conference of Governors
and Attorneys General at St. Ix>uis on
September 20. Governor John R. Tanner
of Illinois writes:
"I view. With alarm the growing ten
dency of capital to form gigantic com
binations and trusts throughout the coun
try and earnestly hope that good may
come from the St. I,ouis conference."
Governor W. A. Poynter of Nebraska
writes that hf firmly helleve.s that unless
the gigantic trust octopus is crushed In
the near future not only the rights and j
privileges of the people of this country '■
will be sacrificed, but the very existence ,
of the republic will be Imperiled. The
other Governors heard from to-day ex
press" similar sentiments.
GUM MANUFACTURERS
FORM A BIG TRUST
CHICAGO, June 12.— 1t is announced the
gum- trust is now an actuality. The com
pany has been organized, the stock all
underwritten and the working details
completed. The concern has a capital
Stock of $9,000,000. Of this one-third is 6
per cent cumulative preferred. The per
manent officers will be chosen to-morrow.
All of the important plants of the country
are in the combine. Among the principal
factories forming the combination are:
Herman, "White, Tutti Frutti. Adams
Sons California Fruit Gum Company and
Kls-Me. The organization will be known
as the American chicle Company, chicle
bring an ingredient from Mexico which Is
used in the manufacture of the commod
ity. Thomas Harvey of Chicago origin
ated the idea of amalgamating the gum
CALIFORNIA
SIGNAL CORPS
COMES SOON
Will Leave Manila for Home
Sometime During the
Present Week.
OREGON BOYS DEPART
Volunteers of the Webfoot State
Expected to Reach Portland
Within Thirty Days.
Special Dlypatrh to Tlje Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS.
WELLINGTON HOTEL,
WASHINGTON, June 12.
General A. W. Greely, chief sig
nal officer of the army, to-day re
ceived a cablegram from Manila
stating" that the California volun
teer signal corps would leave this
week for home. They will go di
rect to San Francisco.
The Oregon Regiment of vol
unteers started for Portland to-
day and should arrive there in
about thirty-four days.
NAVAL CEREMONIES AT
CAPTAIN NICHOLS' FUNERAL
MANILA, June 12, 3 p. m.— The
funeral of Captain Henry Nichols, the
commander of the United States
double-turreted monitor Monadnock,
who died from sunstroke on Saturday,
took place at Cavite yesterday with ap
propriate naval ceremonies. The offi
cers of the licet were present and the
flaps on all vessels were half-masted.
The sudden death of Captain Nichols
was particularly sad because it oc
curred just m the moment when the
result for which he had hoped and
worked for months was about to be
I realized, namely, the capture of Par
anaque and its occupation by the
, American forces. The Mbnstdnock has
; been lying off Paranaque for two
> months past, under fire from the rebels
almost daily. The heat here has been
ii.t.-iis<* .:i«i the off|c£rn ana n.i .. of th»; .
Nionadnock suffered .srreatly.
The f ommander-in-ehief offered to i
retire the Bfonadnock from her trying !
; duties and replace her by another shi;'.
! but < 'aptain Nichols preferred to re
main, declaring that he did not want to
leave his post until Paranaque fell and
, the coast from there t<i Cavite was
cleared of rebels. The heat on Satur
j day was most severe and the monitor
was engaged all day in shelling the
trenches at Paranaque and the rebels
■ fleeing south through Las Pinas and
; also watching the American troops
closing in on tht- towns. Captain
Nichols was overcome by the heat at j
noon and retired to his cabin, where
he received frequent reports of the
i operations and pave directions for sev
; eral hours. He became much worse at
3 o'clock, lost consciousness and ex
pired at n o'clock in the afternoon.
Several hours before his death he ex
; pressed gratification at the way events
I were progressing, remarking to an offl
■ cer: "We have pot the rebels there at
! last."
VOLUNTEERS THINK THE
REGULARS SHOULD BEGIN
WASHINGTON, Juno 12.—Ad
jutant General Onrbin to-day re
ceived a letter from Major Gen
eral Otis, in which he makes
many complimentary references
to the Western volunteers. The
letter was personal in its char
acter, and General Corbin did
not make public its contents. In
discussing it with several friends
General Corbin stated that Gen
eral Otis has written that "the
Western volunteers were the
best fiphtprs in the world, hut
the hardest to control on the fir
ing line." He meant by this that
the Western volunteers could not
accustom themselves to remain
ing under cover when there v.as
an opportunity to charpe the en
emy and drive it from its posi
tion. This Is the highest possible
praise for the volunteer organi
zations, and is an excellent com
mentary upon the character and
flphtins proclivities of the West
ern volunteers.
A volunteer officer, now on duty with
his regiment at Manila, has written the
following letter to the Associated Pross:
MANILA. P. 1.. May B.— Until the ar
riv.-il of the last mail from home, the
volunteers in the Philippines were
ignorant that General Otis had informed
the War Department that they desired
to remain in the service so 'long as there
is fighting to do.- The dispatches to that
effect, as given out by Gei.eral Corbin.
occasioned much surprise and some ill—
feHlng In the volunteer ranks.
if they felt that their services were
really needed, the volunteers would stay
and fight to the end without a murmur.
Rut they do not believe that conditions
warrant their detention. Moreover, a
pronounced resentment exists among the
volunteer officers and men over the at
titude maintained toward them by Gen
eral Otis and the W;ir Department.
Before the beginning of an aggressive
campaign, it was freely given out in
Manila and Washington that General
Otis did not deem it expedient to attack
the insurgents with his volunteer force,
but would await the arrival of trajned
and seasoned regulars to put down the in
surrection. Six weeks of inactivity went
by in the best season of the year for
campaigning. When several regiments of
regulars at last arrived, they were put
into the field with regiments of volun
teers. It required less than a week for
the commanding generals to ascertain
that the volunteers could, and did, fight
all around the regulars, .with Infinitely
Continued on Second Page.
MANY VICTIMS OF
THE STORM.
Number of Killed and In
jured Runs Up Into
the Hundreds.
BURKHARDT, Wis. f June 13.— A messenger from New Rich
mond has just arrived and telegraphed to Hudson for doctors and
help, saying a storm struck the town last night and a large number
of people were killed and wounded. The railroad tried to get out a
special train, but was unable to do so on account of washouts. All
the available doctors and many other persons are now driving across
the country to New Richmond, being piloted by the messenger. The
killed and injured are believed to number between 200 and 500.
STTI.LWATER. Minn.. June 12.—
This was a terrible nipht for New
Richmond, the beautiful little vil
lage being: almost wiped out of
existence by one of the most severe
cyclones that ever visited the locality.
It carried ruin and death in its path,
and at this hour it is impossible to
give even a partial list of those who
are dead or seriously injured.
It Is thought many are dead. News
of the disaster was brought here by J.
A. Carroll, a traveling: man from Port
age, Wis., who was stopping at the
Nicollet House in New Richmond when
the cyclone struck the town. He saw
the funnel-shaped cloud as it came up
the principal street, and he took refuge
in the basement of the hotel, which was
completely wrecked. together with
every other business house in the city.
In the terrible sheets of rain follow
ing the cyclone Mr. Carroll and his
comrades succeeded in rescuing the
proprietor, Charles McKennon, his wife
and <me child from the debris, and they
also removed a laundry- girl, who was
bo seriously injured it is not thought
she could possibly live. They also re
moved two men named Barrett and
Newell, who were very seriously in
jured.
Mr. Carroll drove to Stillwater by
team for relief, and a train left with
doctors at 12:15 o'clock. Carroll fur
ther says that fire followed the cyclone
and what is left is being consumed by
llames. Many people are doubtless
killed and the damage will run into
hundreds of thousands of dollars.
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. June IS.— A dis
patch was received at 2 o'clock this
morning from Jewett Mills, announcing
the arrival there of the Wisconsin Cen
tral train. A. Mr. Cutter, in the em
ploy of the Central, sent » «Ji«pat<~j* to
the local offices of the road saying that
the town of New Richmond was gone
south of Highway bridge, and that the
estimated number of killed will reach
150.
Many of the houses, Mr. Cutter
states, were consumed by fire after the
cyclone. Many people were killed, he
says, white attending a circus which
was showing there.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 12.— A
NATIVE DAUGHTERS
OFF FOR STOCKTON
Gayly Decorated Car Leaves Oakland
Mole.
A BEVY of handsome women in a
gall; decorated car was the star
attraction at the Oakland mole
last evening. The Native Daugh
ters were en route to Stockton to at
tend the session of the Grand Parlor
of the order.
The colors of the order were blended
with those of the nation in a most
tasty manner, almost covering the
coach; while flowers lent their beauty,
showing the work of deft fingers in
the arrangement of the decorations.
special to the Times from North Wis
consin Junction, Wis., says: A courier
from Boardman just in reports that
the whole town has heen wiped off the
face of the earth, and while no definite
news can be obtained at this time of
the casualties it is presumed that many
were injured and possible some killed.
It is known that Dave Hefferon is
severely injured and his wife killed.
A courier just in says New Richmond
hap been also wtped off the map and
that 200 or 300 people are injured.
A special to the Tribune from Hud
son says: One of the most terrific
cyclones ever witnessed by the citizens
<>f Hudson passed through the country
about 5:30 p. m. It formed in a water
spout four miles south of Hudson on
Lake St. ("mix. It was witnessed by
hundreds of people and seemed to fol
low the lake and to be making directly
for the city, but about two miles south
it veered to the east and left the lake
and crossed the country.
It was about twenty rods wide and
destroyed everything in its track. The
first building struck was over on the
farm of F. C. Mattison. One edge of
the storm struck his buildings, twist
ing his barn out of shape and throw
ing his windmill some rods. It then
struck the Gridley farm. The family,
seeing it coming, fled for -a large stone
quarry about twenty rods from the
house, where they remained safely un
til it passed. The house is a small
brick one and held to the foundation,
but the shingles were torn from the
roof. The cyclone veered to the north,
leaving the buildings unharmed but
tearing large oak trees three feet in
diameter out by the roots and twisting
them into every conceivable shape.
About one-half mile northeast from
there it struck the bufTamss or ti. I.
Mattison. Just before the storm reach
ed the place the family and farm help
fled to the cellar. The cellar had just
closed when the crash came. This place
was directly in the line of the storm and
not a building, tree, wagon or piece of
machinery is left whole. The house
was completely swept from its founda
tion and nothing remained but the
Continued on Second Page.
The next five days will see the city
of Stockton In possession of the fair
daughters of the Golden West, and ac
cording to dispatches from that city
the gates are open and the latch
strings are hanging out. The hospita
ble people have joined with the local
parlors and will give the delegates a
round of entertaipments that will not
soon be forgotten. Miller Memorial
Hall, where the sessions of the Grand
Parlor will be held, has been lavishly
decorated for the occasion, and Its
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MERRIAM
MIKES WAR
ON A WOMAN
Troops Imprison an Editor
and Wrest Printing Office
From His Wife.
OUTRAGES IN IDAHO
Temporary Dismissal of Complaints
Against the County Commis
sioners and the Sheriff.
BY HON. PATRICK REDDY.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho. June 12.— The
effort <>f the Governor, Sinclair
and other politicians to remove
the Sheriff and County Com-
missioners to-day failed. Judge
Stewart dismissed the proceedings
against them. The Attorney . General
immediately filed a new information
against Sheriff Young and the State's
attorneys promised to do likewise in
the Commissioners' cases. The" incar
ceration of the Commissioners is one of
the most dastardly acts yet perpetrated
by the Governor. There is no pretense
that they were in any way connected
with the recent riots, yet they were
thrown into the "bull pen" and kept
there simply because they would not
knuckle to Sinclair and the mine
owners.
A most pitiable story is that of
Mrs. Stewart, whose husband is con
fined in the "bull pen" because he
dared expose the inhuman practices
in vogue at the prison in his paper.
Mrs. Stewart has three small chil
dren, the youngest not yet four
months old. After the arrest of her
husband, the plucky woman con
tinued to issue the paper herself, set
ting the type and running the press.
Last Thursday a company of soldiers
accompanied by two of the Coroner's
deputies came to her place and in
formed her they had come to confis
cate her property so that she could
not publish the paper. They carried
away eighteen cases of type and all
the advertisements which were set
up. Mrs. Stewart was entirely de
pendent upon the paper for a living,
and is left destitute. That the white
troldkrs- <i«y not r<»li.ob ■ th» -job - gi-rxra
them is evident by the remark of a
sergeant to Mrs. Stewart, who said
that while he had to obey orders, he
thought : the authorities were in
damned small business in sending a
company of cavalry to rob one poor
woman.
That the insanity of the prisoner
Johnson who was shot at by the negro
soldiers was caused by the outrageous
conduct of Coroner France is beyond
bright an<l cheerful furnishings are
most pleasing to the eye. State and
national colors are everywhere dis
played throughout the city.
The preliminary session will convene
at 10 o'clock this morning and Mayor
Harrison will lend the dignity of his
presence to the occasion, hut will dele
gate to some prominent Native Son the
pleasant duty of welcoming the fair
guests of the city. This evening there
will be a reception to the visiting dele
gates and to-morrow the Grand Parlor
will get to business.2
question. After he had been taken be
fore the Coroner's jury he told several
of his fellow prisoners that the Coroner
had threatened to hang him unless he
identified some of the men Imprisoned
as b«ing among the rioters. After he
became insane these threats were up
permost in his mind and when he was
taken by the Coroner to the depot to
be transported to the asylum he
thought he was about to be hanged. In
an endeavor to escape that fate he
plunged into the river, where he was
fired upon at least three times. France
admits he ordered the soldiers to ftre,
but says he told them to fire high. Why
this intelligent and humane Coroner
and acting Sheriff ordered a soldier to
fire upon an Insane man is not known,
unless It was to save him from drown
ing. It is reported that while the bol
dier was firing a number of deputies
nnd so-call< j <l "scabs" standing on the
bridge cheered and urged him to shoot
better.
The Grand Jury ordered by the court
was returned to-day. The members
were all Belected and summoned by
1 "oroner France, who is an employe of
the Bunker Hill and Sullivan Company.
There is no more necessity for mar
tial law hf-re than there is in San
Francisco. General Merriam's charge
against the miners of this district is as
baseless as would havr> been a charge
against th.-> people of Chicago of par
ticipating in the Haymarket riot. The
action of the Governor, his representa
tive, Sinclair, the Bunker Hill Com
pany and othei*s acting with them in
maintaining martial law is a mere pre
tense under which they are trying and
I to crush the labor organizations
of this district. The acts of th.' Gov
ernor and his associates are an open
violation of the laws and a menace to
the liberties of tin* p. ■ pie of this coun
try.
AN IDAHO GRAND
JURY SUMMONED
Judge Stewart Reviews the Circum
stances Leading Up to Mar
tial Law.
BY ASSOCIATED P^ESS.
WALLACE, Idaho, June 12.—
trials of some 300 prisoners who are ;
charged with complicity in the riots at
Wardner on April 29. when the Bunker
Hill and Sullivan Mill was blown up
with dynamite by a mob of 1000 min
ers and two men shot and killed, began
to-day in the State District Court,
Judge Stewart presiding.
The trouble which culminated in the
destruction of the Bunker Hill and Sul
livan property has been of long stand
ing. The miners' unions of the Coeur
d'Alene district have been very power
ful and for many years only union men
have been employed in the mines, ex
cepting the Bunker Hill and Sullivan
and the Last Chance mines at Ward
ner, which employed non-union men.
Great pressure had been brought to
bear, particularly on Bunker Hill and
Sullivan, and even threats had been
made to compel the owners to recognize i
the miners' union and to employ only j
union men. The Bunker Hill people
steadfastly refused to employ union
men.
On April 29 about 1000 men took pos
session of a train at Wallace and rode
to Wardner, where they blew up the
mill with dynamite, destroying prop
erty valued at $300,000. In order to pre
serve order and protect property, Gov
ernor Steunenberg of Idaho called upon !
me Federal Government lor troops, ana
within five days from the destruction
of the mill 500 United States troops
were in the Coeur d'Alene mining dis
trict under command of Brigadier Gen
eral Merrlam. Governor Steunenberg
declared martial law, which was en- j
forced by the Federal troops. In all
about 800 miners were arrested charged '
with complicity in the riot, but more
than half of these have been released.
Among those arrested were Sheriff
James D. Young of Shoehone County and !
County Commissioners Boyle and Stim
son.
The cases of the officials charged |
with aiding arid abetting the riot were
called in court to-day in the form of
impeachment proceedings.
The State was represented by Attor
ney General Hayes and Attorneys Bo
rah and Forney and the defense by
Hon. Patrick Reddy and Messrs. Jones
and Morphy.
Jones presented and argued a motion
to quash and strike from the records
the accusations against the defendants,
claiming that the citation to appear
had been issued in an illegal and irreg
ular manner.
This afternoon Judge Stewart grant
ed the motion to quash the indictment
against the County Commissioners,
Boyle and Stlmson, holding that Judge
Mayhew had no right to issue, a cita
tion to appear while holding court in
chambers. The prosecution then with
drew the information against Sheriff
Young. New informations were filed
in both cases. The statute requires five
days' notice to appear, so both cases
went over until next Monday with the
understanding that they might be
taken up earlier by consent of counsel.
The defense then endeavored to have
Young reinstated as Sheriff, but the
court would not hear them here.
The Grand Jury was then called and
Judge Stewart delivered his instruc
tions, which fill over eight typewritten
pages. He commented on the import
ance of their duty on the rights of all
men in court, stating that men have a
right to assemble or organize for law
ful purposes. Then he went minutely
into the law regarding conspiracy, riot,
unlawful assemblage, intimidation,
failure of officers to disperse riotous
gatherings, murder, destruction of
property and especially by explosives.
Regarding the special purpose for
Crockery
If it's
Up-to=Date Crockery
you want —
Try
Great American Importing Tea Go's
Have ioo Stores
That's Why
Quality so Good
Prices so Reasonable
STORES*
861 Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
140 Sixth St. 705 Larkin St-
-2510 Mission St. 1410 Polk St.
3000 Sixteenth St. 181 9 Dcvisadero St.
146 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery ay.
355 Hayes St. 218 third M.
2732 24th St- 3285 Mission St.
2008 Fillriiore St. 500 Kcarny St.
- 52 Market Street Headquarters.
. OAKLAND STORKS:
los3%VnshingtonSt. 1185 23d Avc.
1237 Broadway. 616 X- Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
bA> KAlAtl.— II St.. near Fourth.
THROUGH TRAINS
NEXT DECEMBER
Date of the Sar>ta fe's Comple
tion to San praocisco
Delayed.
# LOS ANGELES, June 12.— The Santa Fe. will not begin the operation •
O of through trains between Los Angeles and San Francisco before late in 8
S December, and the indications are that the date may be delayed until £>
it early next January. General Passenger Agent John J. Byrne, who is 2?
O just home from the north, says that the San Joaquin road line cannot g
q be made ready for traffic before that time. Freight on the new line is #
S? now being handled as far as Stockton, but no attempt at passenger SS
business to and from way points and Los Angeles will be made. This
q mattei is in abeyance pending the arrival of President Ripley.
iS The Santa Fe and the Southern Pacific companies have jointly gg
? agreed to put Into effect a most liberal policy toward any big convention O
*-* which hereafter may be held in the. East. This innovation, so far as g
# « the Southern Pacific Company is concerned, is said to be due to the ef- jj
O forts of E. O. McCormiek, passenger traffic manager of the system, who Q
•_* has just assumed charge. g
5 The new idea has resulted in a $81 round-trip rate to the Christian j*
ft Endeavor convention to be held at Detroit on July 6 to 10. Tickets Q
6 good from any point in California will be honored, returning, until Au- gj
2 gust 31. The $76 rate to the Epworth League convention to be held at 2*
O Indianapolis in July is in line with the same liberal policy. i 3
which the Grand Jury was summoned
Judge Stewart said: "Your attention is
lally directed to the present order
of thing's in this county. I'nd<=>r the
proclamation of the Governor of this
State, dated May 3, this county is un
der martial law.
"The Governor recites in this procla
mation, among other things, 'that the
execution of process is frustrated and
defied by bodies of men and others;
that combinations of armed men resist
the execution of process and commit
deeds of violence.' "
Judge Stewart, continuing, said: "The
court is also advised through the press
and public rumor that on April 29 a
body of armed men came from Burke.
Mullan and other points in the county.
In charge of a train of cars, upon which
was carried gunpowder, or other ex
plosivea. proceeded toward Wardner.
where they were joined by others and
then proceeded to what is known as
the Bunker Hill and Sullivan mill,
where the same was exploded and great
damage done to property. John
Schmidt and James Cheyen were killed.
The truth or falsity of these matters
is especially referred to you for
thorough investigation."
The Judge then continued with an
explanation of the rights, privileges
and duties of grand jurors and their
relations to others. The Grand Jury
is made up almost exclusively of busi
ness irien from Wallace, Wardner and
Murray.
The trials of the miners will begin
as Boon as the cases of the county offi
cials are disposed of.
MANY VICTIMS
OF THE STORM
TnntinuM from First Page.
floor which covered the people in the
cellar. Not one of them was harmed.
Every piece of furniture was carried
f.r rods and literally torn into shreds.
< 'inside the house there were- two large
barns, machine sheds and outbuildings
and all were Oestroyed. Forty i-atue
and 100 sheep cannrjt be found at this
hour. W. J. Gilpin, who was passing
at the time, drove in there for shelter,
but was unable to reach the cellar. He
says It was not over two seconds after
the cyclone struck him before it was all
over and he found himself under a part
of a lumber wagon with timbers, horses
and machinery everywhere about him.
He was unhurt, but badly shaken up.
The storm passed on to the northeast,
destroying everything in its wake, and
was followed by rain in torrents and
terrible lightning. Telegraph and tele
phone wires are all blown down and
adjoining towns cannot be heard from.
HUNDREDS INJURED
AT NEW RICHMOND
MILWAUKEE. Wis., June 12.— A
message was received at the Wisconsin
Central offices here late to-night from
Stevens Point, from A. R. Home, divi
sion superintendent of the Wisconsin
Central at that place, as follows:
"It commenced to rain on the St.
Paul division about 7 o'clock this even- |
ing and the wires went down west of I
Jewett Mills aiout 7:30. At 8:45 we got
a message from Robertson, the opera
tor, via Marshall, that a cyclone struck
New Richmond about 7:30, killing and
wounding from 250 to 800 people.
"We have started a special out from
Irvine, leaving at 10 o'clock with sur
geons and to pick up what other sur
geons they can between there and New ,
Richmond. Also sent section men from
Jewett Mills with what help they can
carry on their cars. I will leave here
on a special as soon as I can get crew
out and will take all assistance I can
get in way of surgeons. Am trying to
get St. Paul to start a special from that
end."
A second message from Mr. Home
reads:
"Party just came to Jewett Mills and
reports that Dr. Ware was killed and
Dr. Epley has both legs broken and
that they are much in need of doctors.
This received at 10 o'clock. Don't you
think we should start a special from
Milwaukee with nurses and surgenos?"
TRAINS ARE BLOCKED
BY THE WASHOUTS
ST. PAUL, June 12.— Owing to wash
outs along their lines the various Chi
cago trains were held here to-night, it
being impossible to get through. The
Omaha is washed out near Hudson, the
Milwaukee and St. Paul has lost sev
frul bridges and considerable track
near Wabash, Minn., and in Wisconsin;
the Burlington is blocked by a washout
near Trempleau. Wis. The Wisconsin
Central line extends only beyond Still
water, Minn. There are also a number
|)f blocked places on the various branch
lines. The mail trains from the East
were unable to get through to-day,
owing to Sunday night's storm, and to
night's heavy rain and wind simply
increased the difficulties.
Locally the storm did much minor
damage. Over two inches of rain fell
in an hour's time and the wind blew a
gale.
Diplomatic Relations Resumed.
Special Cable to The Call and th*> New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BIKNOS AYRES. June 12.— The arbi
tration treaty between Argentine Repub
lic and I'raguay was signed yesterday
and diplomatic relations between Argen
; tina and the Holy S<-e, whii'h have been
i Interrupted since the first presidency of
General Roca in IKRO. have now been re
established. The Argentine Minister at
Paris has been charged with represent
ing the country at the Vatican.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 13, 1899.
COUNTRY DANCE
ALMOST ENDS
IN A TRAGEDY
Miss Elsie Jewell Is
Badly Hurt.
KICKED BY A RUNAWAY HORSE
KNOCKED DOWN WHILE SAVING
A YOUNGER SISTER.
Accident Occurs at CorteMadera Early
Sunday Morning as the Pleas
ure Seekers Are Prepar
ing to Return.
While attempting to save her little fls
ter from being trampled to death by a
runaway horse Miss Elsie Jewell, one of
the most popular young belles of Lark-
spur, was herself knocked down and se-
v erely injured at Cnrte Madera early
' Sunday morning. The accident occurred
i at the close of a dance given for the pur
! pose of raising funds to build new side
walks at Larkspur. There were many
young people present from the surround
ing country and in the excitement attend-
I ing the htirrie<l preparations for depar
ture one of the animals became fright
en. '1 and. freeing itself by a sudden jerk
at the haltor. started on a mad gallop
down the road toward home.
There was a general scurrying to <?et
out of the way and the little Jewell girl
fell directly in the path of the frightened
animal. Miss Jewell saw her sister fall
and, ralizing her danger, ran to her res
cue. She had barely time to push the
child into a place of safety when the run
away was upon her. She was knocked
down and the flying hoofs of the horse
muv'K her on the head. Inflicting pain
ful wounds ami rendering her uncon
scious. Dr. Hopper of San Francisco,
who was in the party, did everything pos
sible for the injured girl and accompan
ied her to her home. Miss Jewell also
received several cuts and bruises about
the body, but it is not thought that any
of them will prove serious.
The runaway was not captured until it
reached San Rafael.
WRECKED PASSENGER CARS.
Three Boys Locked Up in the Tanks
for Robbery.
Willie Desmond, aged ,10, Victor Cher
main, aged 12, and John Bowles, IS years
of age, were arrested last evening by De
tective ODea and their names placed on
the small book at the City Prison. They
are charged with having broken into sev
eral passenger cars at Fourth and Town
send streets for the purpose of securing
the brass fixtures.
Within the >->ast few days four pas
senger coaches have been entered and
lamps and car seats wrecked, and the
police have been on the lookout for the
offenders. The arrests of last night were
the result. The boys, it is alleged, dis
posed of their spoil to a Junk dealer
named Symonds at Fourteenth and Har
rison streets, and to-day Symonds will be
arrested on a charge of having received
stolen goods.
The boys used skeleton keys and the
police are endeavoring to ascertain where
I they secured them.
CONSPIRACY IS ALLEGED.
Suit to Recover Mining Property
Worth Millions.
DENVER, June 12.— A suit was filed in
the T'nited States Circuit Court by John
T. .Jones of Los Angeles, Cal., adminis
trator of the estate of the late Nicholas
C. Creede, founder of the Colorado min
ing camp which oears his name, against
David H. Moffat, Walter S. Cheesman,
Sylvester T. Smith and L. E. Campbell,
all prominent mining men, and the Ame
thyst Mining Company, of which they are
sole Btockholders, to recover a third in
terest in the mine, alleged to be worth
over $5,000,000, and an accounting of its
operation since 1894. In the bill it is
charged that the defendants conspired to
induce Creede, who is said to have been
mentally unbalanced, to give them his
stock free of charge. The beneficiary of
the suit iB Dorothy Creede, the adopted
daughter of the dead miner, about four
years of age.
ARMOR FOR WARSHIPS.
Secretary Long to Purchase Enough
for Present Needs.
WASHINGTON. June 12.— The Ordnance
Bureau of the Navy Department Is pre
pnrjng to place a contract for diagonal
armor and a conning tower tube for the
battleship Ohio, now building in San
Francisco. The armor will be Harveyined
and will be purchased under special pro
vision of an act of Congress authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to purchase
armor at the prevailing price if necessary.
He will be compelled to buy about thirty
tons. The Secretary will also purchase
about 538 tons of the armor for the Wy
oming, also building at the Union Iron
Works.
Rear Admiral Hlchborn to-day made
public reports he has received from naval
constructors, showing the progress made
on various ships of war now building.
The report shows that the Union Iron
Works, building the battleship Ohio, has
pushed the work of building to 5 per cent;
the monitor Wyoming to 8 per cent; the
torpedo boat destroyers Paul Jones, Perry
ana Prrble to 15 per cent.
Want Miss Lee Re-elected.
WOODLAND, June 12.— Grand Trustee
Miss Hattie Lee and Delegates Mrs. Nel
lie Coil and Miss Birdie Morris left for
Stockton this afternoon to be present at
tl\c opening session of the Grand Parlor.
They will be Joined by a number of mem
bers of Woodland Parlor next Wednes
day. Woodland Parlor instructed the del
cpntep to support Miss Lee for re-elec
tion to the office of grand trustee.
Stricken by Heart Disease.
SAN JOSE, June 12.— Patrick Costollo,
nn old resident of Milpltap, aged 71 years,
droped dead at his home this afternoon.
H«-art disease Is supposed to have been
the cause.
WANTS TO MEET
JEFFRIES AGAIN
Fitzsimmons Is Looking
for Trouble.
MAY DEMAND RETURN MATCH
FOR THIS REASON HE WTLL NOT
ACCEPT A BENEFIT.
Noted Anatomist Pronounces the
New Champion the World's
Most Perfect Physical
Specimen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 12.— 1n the area of
the Coney Island Sporting Club, In
which he won the championship of the
world from "Bob" Fitzsimmons. on
Friday night, James J. Jeffries to-night
boxed three rounds with "Jim" Daly,
his sparring partner. When the big
fellow climbed through the ropes and
seated himself in the corner which he
occupied when he fought Fitzsimmons,
5000 throats bellowed forth a welcome
that fairly shook the building. The
champion acknowledged the greeting
by bowing and smiling to all. He then
put on the gloves and sparred three
lively two-minute rounda, during which
he hit Daly'pretty hard, much to the
delight of the crowd.
Once or twice Daly landed on Jeffries
rather hard, and several individuals
shouted "Put him out, Daly." There
wore cries for a speech at the end of
the bout, and Jeffries, after consider
able urging, responded. Said he:
"Gentlemen, I thank you for your
kind applause, and I will do my best
to defend the championship."
"Bob" Fitzsimmons has declined to
accept Jeffries' offer of a benefit at the
Coney Island Sporting Club on Satur
day night. Martin Julian, manager of
the former champion, explained Fitz
simmons' declination as follows:
"Fitzsimmons is not in need of finan
cial assistance from any one at pres
ent; tht-n again, he is considering the
advisability of another match with
Jeffries. Were he to accept, a benefit
from Jeffries now it would place him in
a rather awkward position. In other
words, we do not think it would be con
sistent on Fitzsimmons' part to accept
a benefit from a man of whom he may
later demand a return match. FitEsim
mons appreciates the generous offer of
Jeffries, but he cannot accept it."
Jeffries has arranged to spar in the
following places during the week:
Hartford, to-morrow night; New Lon
don, Wednesday night; Providence,
Thursday night; Boston, Friday night.
One of the greatest anatomists in
America, or in the world, has examined
the new champion prizefighter. The
opportunity to bring the two men to
gether was afforded when Jeffries was
taken by hip manager to Philadelphia.
The anatomist who there examined
Jeffries Is Dr. T. Hollingsworth An
drews, who became well known the
country over at the time he was a
demonstrator of anatomy at the Jeffer
son Medical College, and who examined
more of the world's famous athletes
than any other surgeon In America. Of
comfortable means, he has retired from
active practice <>f his profession, though
the city of Philadelphia still retains
his services as surgeon of the Police
Department.
Every polieemiin on the Philadelphia
foree — and many of them are giants
has undergone a thorough physical ex
amination by Dr. Andrews. He has
scientifically examined 25,000 men. One
fad of the great anatomist for years
has been physical examination of the
world's great athletes, both in Europe
and America.
As a result of the examination he
has pronounced the new champion to
he to-day the most perfect physical
specimen In the ■world. In the very
points where such men as John L.
Sullivan and Sandow have been weak,
Jeffries waß found to be strong. After
an examination lasting an hour, no
: physical defect was found.
FLY-BY-NIGHT WINS
THE FALCON STAKES
Carbuncle Made the Medium of a
"Killing" by Bettors at
Latonia.
NEW YORK, June 12.— 1n the Falcon
stakes at Gravesend to-day the favorite,
Alpen, did no better than third. Great
land was the pacemaker and managed to
hold the lead to the last furlong, when
Fly-by-Night, who had been rating along
comfortably in the rear, came on and won
as he pleased. Results:
Five furlongs— Mischievous and Lost Chord
dead heat, Mr. Jersey third. Time, 1:02%.
Selling, six furlongs— Primate won, Mazarlna
second. Momentum third. Time, 1:14,5.
Falcon stakrs, selling, one and a. sixteenth
miles— Fly-by-Nlght won, Greatland second,
Alpen third. Time, 1:49* t .
Selling, six furlongs— Tinge won. Tyran sec
ond. Handball third. Time, 1:14>4.
Five and a half furlongs— Sadducee won, Ia
Fondra second. Battle Royal third. Time. 1:0!'.
Greater New York steeplechase, two and a
hair miles— Westown won, Governor Budd sec
ond. King T third. Time, 4:45. White Garters
and Diversion, coupled In the betting, ran first
and second, but were disqualified.
CHICAGO, June 12.— Weather at Hawthorn*
clear. Track fast.
Six furlongs— Opaque won, Goebel second,
Boney Boy third. Time, 1:1*.
One and a quarter miles, selling—Monk Way
man won, Banquo II second. Prince Blazes
third. Time, 2:09.
One mile— Queen of Song won. Gold Fox sec
ond, Serrano third. Time, 1:40^.
Seven furlongs, selling— Raclvan won, Ernest
Wiles second. Charlo third. Time, l:2Bii.
One mile, selling— Goose Liver won, Loben
gulft Becond, Lord Zenl third. Time, 1:42 H.
Five furlongs — Isenlk won. Barrack second,
Fannie Wynn third. Time, 1:02.
CINCINNATI, June 12— Carbuncle, backed
down from 40 to 1 to 10 to 1, landed the second
race at Latonla to-day In clever fashion. After
the race Carbuncle was taken away from his
owner, S. S. Brown, by B. W. Logan of Lex
ington, Ky., who bid him up from $400 to $700.
Weather pleasant; track slow. Results:
One mile. Felling— Flnem Resplce won, Great
Pride second, Osman third. Time, 1:45.
Five furlongs, selling— Carbuncle won, Bar
ney F second, Peter Duryea third. Time,
1:04%.
One mile and a quarter, selling — Rockwood
I won, Almante second, Jacques third. Time,
, 2:13.
! One mile— Salvarse won, FlammarUin second,
! Trimmer third. Tlm«, l:*«%.
i ' Five furlongs— Lady Elite won. Villa V sec
ond, Axlela third. Time. I:O3Vi.
i One mile and a quarter, selling— True Light
! won, Howitzer second. Fresco third. Time,
| 2:11.
DENVER June 12.— Results at Overland
! Park:
: Trotting to road wagons— Trilby P won In two
straight heats. Time, 2:22. 2:19H- King Holll
day nnil Dazzle also started.
Pacing— Rose Croix won In three straight
heats. Time, 2:16^, 2:15V6. 2:17 U. Peter.
; Celeste R, Qeorge C, Princess and Harty also
started.
: Six furlongs— Mountain Queen won, Melody
! second, La Mascota third. Time, 1:K. Loch
Ness. Enclno, McLljeht, Mike Rice. Commer
cial Traveler, Bloodhound and Oldham also
ran.
Five furlongs— The Light won, Oman Wood
second, La Fontera third. Time, l:ft2V4. Blanch,
: Tapestry. Emma Ray and Juva also ran
| Five and a half furlongs— l Don't Know won
• Bourbon second* Weird third. Time, 110
Rags. Negligence, Goldbug, Ettlre, Senator Du
bots. Tiny P and Sandow also ran.
Harper the Tennis Champion.
PACIFIC GROVE. June 12.— The conclu
sion of the match for the Monterey Coun
ty gentlemen's singles tennis champion
ship for 18f>s, the first two eets hav
ing been played on Christmas day,
1898, and the final deferred by the
FAIR KILLARNEY
TO BE PRESERVED
Sufficient Money in Sight to
Carry Out the ParK
Project.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The prospectus of a plan to buy the Muck
ross estate and the Lakes of Killarney by popular subscription by
Irish-Americans of Greater New York will be presented to-morrow to
those who have taken an active interest in the scheme. This Is pre
liminary to the public meeting at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel on
Wednesday night.
James J. Coogan, James S. Coleman, John T. Fitzgerald and James
Boothley Roche, who are working energetically on the scheme, were in
conference yesterday and formulated the plan for the purchase and
maintenance of the park property, which will be submitted at the public
meeting.
The idea of purchasing historic old Muckross and the adjacent wat
ers of Killarney for an Irish National Park has met hearty approval
among Irish-Americans fn this city. Scores of them have signified their
intention to subscribe, and it is believed that after Wednesday night's
meeting enough money will be pledged.
Reports from Killarney, whither Richard C*roker has gone, speak of
the interest manifested by the residents of County Kerry at the pros
pect of Killarney becoming a national garden spot.
Many men prominent in Tammany Hall are enthusiastic over the
scheme, and it has been suggested that meetings be held in every
Assembly district in the city to help it. It was said to-day that the
poorer classes was anxious to subscribe to the purchase fund and were
only awaiting the result of Wednesday night's meeting to learn the
proper way to contribute and to whom their subscriptions shall be sent.
consent of thp players, was played
on "»the city courts to-day by James
Harper, thf 1597 champion, and A. \\ .
Jones Jr., winner of the 1898 county tour
nament. Harper retained the champion
ship, the score being 6—2, 5-7, &-3, 7— o.
BEAN EATERS EASILY
DOWN THE PIGMIES
Coakley Relieves Carrick When It Is
Too Late to Save the
Game.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs- W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....38 11 .766 Cincinnati ..22 24 .47*
Boston 32 14 .696 New Y0rk.. ..21 26 .447
Chicago 28 20 .688 Plttsburg ...20 25 .444
St. Loulb 27 20 .574 Washington 17 30 .362
Baltimore ...26 19 .573 Louisville ...14 3} .292
Philadelphia 26 19 .573 Cleveland ... 8 35 .186
I NEW YORK, June 12.— The New Yorks were
i easily downed by the Bostons to-day. The
I champions scored eleven runs In three Innings,
i mainly through Carrtck's ineffective pitching.
' Coakley relieved Carrick after the eight runs
were scored In the third inning and allowed
only three hits. 'Nichols wan hit hard, but
when hits meant runs he was very steady. He
was also ably purported. An error by Long
was responsible for New York's brace of runs
In the seventh. ' Attendance, 1600. Score:
I Clubs- R- H. E.
New York 2 12 i
Boston 11 12 2
Batteries Carrick, Coakley and Warner;
Nichols and Clarke. Umpires— Lynch and War
ner.
CLEVELAND, June Cleveland and Pitts
burp played a pretty even (tame to-day, but the
visitors did the better work in the field. There
was good hitting on both sides. Attendance,
100. Score:
', Clubs - R. H. E.
; Cleveland 3 11 4
Ptttsbur* 6 1! .0
Batteries— Hughey and Schrechengoet: Sparks,
j Leever and Bowerman. Umpire — Gaffney.
>/-;-.;■■•-
i BALTIMORE June 12.— Baltimore-Brooklyn
I game postponed on account of wet grounds.
THROWS UP THE SPONGE.
Harry Fischer Given a Drubbing by
Champion Walcott.
BALTIMORE. June 12.— Harry Fisher of
: Brooklyn stood eleven rounds before Joe
Walcott, the welter-weight champion, to
; night and then threw up the sponge. The
1 Brooklyn boy took a severe, drubbing at
' the hands of the "Barbadoes wonder" and
! seemed only a trifle tired at the end. His
1 blocking tactics made It necessary lor
: Walcott to hammer him on the kidneys
and back of the head, and his left side
and arm looked like raw meat at the fin
-1 lsh. The men were scheduled to go
j twenty rounds to a derision before the
Eureka Athletic Club at Ford's Grand
i Opera-house. George Slier refereed the
j bout.
PROJECTED TUNNEL
UNDER THE OCEAN
Britons Favor the Scheme of Bring
ing England and Ireland Into
Closer Accord.
LONDON. June 12.— At a largely at
tended meeting of peers, commoners, en
gineers and others held this evening in
the House of Commons, a resolution was
adopted to address a petition to the First
Lord of the Treasury, Arthur J. Balfour
relative to the projected tunnel between
Ireland and England. The scheme is fa
vored on the ground that it would not
only unite England and Ireland more
closely, but tend to bring the United
States and the United Kingdom into more
Intimate accord.
The proposed route Is a distance of
twenty-five miles under eighty-five fath
oms of water, and the estimated cost of
the undertaking is £12,000.000 ($60,000,0u0).
Jurors to Try Pool Room Cases.
SAN RAFAEL, June 12.-Ten jurors
were sworn to try Joseph Harvey, who
will make a test case on the poolroom
question. They are D. Sutherland. J. C.
Hoover, L. Becker, R. Magnes. A. B. Mo
retti. R. M. Donne, P. Johnson, C. P
Ware, D. Needham and H. A. Ames. A
venire of eight was Impaneled by Justice
Roddtn, made returnable on Wednesday
at 10 a. m., when the case probably will
go to trial.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Major Miller to Be Chief Quarter
master at Manila.
WASHINGTON. June 12.-By direction
of the Acting Secretary of War, Major
Crosby P. Miller, quartermaster. United
States army, Is relieved from further duty
in the office of the quartermaster general
of the army and will proceed to San Fran
cisco and report In person to the com
manding general. Department of Callfor
nlß, for temporary duty.
The following changes in stations and
duties of officers of the Quartermaster's
department are ordered: Major Miller, on
completion of the duty assigned him in
California, will proceed to Manila and re
port in person to the commanding general,
Department of the Pacific, for duty as
chief quartermaster of that department,
to relieve Lieutenant Colonel James W.
Pope, chief quartermaster, United States
Volunteers. Lieutenant Colonel Pope, on
being thus relieved, will proceed to San
Francisco, and on arrival report by tele
graph to the quartermaster generalof the
army for further instructions.
Private George T. Edwards, Troop D,
Sixth United States Cavalry, now at Fort
Reno, Oklahoma, is transferred to Com
pany F, Twentieth United States In
fantry. He will be sent to Manila.
The discharge from the service of the
United States by the commanding officer
of the general hospital at Ban Francisco
of Private Charles Mcßain, Company D,
Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry,
is confirmed. The discharge from the
service of the following enlisted men un
der general instructions Is confirmed:
Private John C. Cliff. Company C. First
Idaho Volunteer Infantry; Private Samuel
F. Shannon, Company L. First Nebraska
Volunteer Infantry; Private John E. Jar
dine, Company L, First Washington Vol
unteer Infantry.
The Interior Department ha? authorized
the Indian Office to advertise for propos
als for construction of a dormitory and
employes' quarters, to cost $18,500, at the
Nevada Indian Agency, Nevada.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Increase— George Haddell,
Milpitas. $16 to $17: Frank D. Bailey, San
Francisco. $12 to $17.
Washington: Original— Jacob Keller,
Spring-dale, $6. Increase— William C.
Chambers, Palouso. $15 to $17. Original
widows, etc.— Jane Dunbar, Shelton, $8.
CALIFORNIA SIGNAL
CORPS COME SOON
Cnntlnuf>d from First Page.
better dash and spirit and greater endur
ance. The volunteers flanked and charg
ed the insurgents over rice fields and
across rivers, and killed, captured or
routed them, while the policy of the reg
ulars was to waste ammunition and time
hy exchanging volleys with them from
Impregnable breastworks.
The superior effectiveness of the volun
teer fighting was so evident that the field
forces then forward have consisted of vol
unteers almost exclusively, while regi
ments of regulars lay idle in their bar
racks. It has been a war by volunteers
and of marvelous success. But neither
the "War Department nor General Otis
has recognized it in a public manner in
a way that might soothe the feelings of
the volunteers for the constant evidences
of distrust, sometimes amounting to con
tempt,' manifested toward them previous
to the opportunity they had of proving
their worth. From the rank and file of
the regulars the volunteers receive their
full measure of praise. They attribute the
superiority of the volunteers here to the
experiences of their Western life. Foreign
military experts on the ground write in
the frank admission that the best army
of its size in the world to-day is the small
body of volunteers which has accom
plished in three months what Spain did
not achieve in 300 years.
However, the volunteers do not make a
life business to engage in war. They are
of the opinion that it is high time for
the regular forces to relieve them and
take up the work which they make their
profession. No regiment of volunteers in
the Philippines has been consulted re
specting its wishes to remain longer in
the service. General Otis sent the erro
neous information of their desire to stay
on his own initiative, with the apparent
purpose of pacifying the public mind In
the United States.
If President McKinley will order a poll
taken In the volunteer regiments the re
sult will be that not twenty to the regi
ment will vote in favor of remaining
longer, now that the regulars have ar
rived in force and are doing practically
nothing.
DEATHS OF TROOPS IN
THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, June 12.— General Otis
reports the following additional casual
ties:
KILLED.
First Washington, June 6, Private Carl
M. Thorgensen; First North Dakota, June
9, Private John H. Killian: Thirteenth
Minnesota, June 10, Company M, Private
Thomas Healy.
WOUNDED.
Second Oregon, June 3, Company H,
Private Eara Kirtz, wrist, slight; Charles
Doughty, hand, slight; Company L, Clay
ton M. Ransom, hand, slight.
First Washington, June 6, Company G,
Private Joseph B. Doman, leg, slight.
First Idaho, June 6, Private Hugh
Hutchinson, back, severe.
First Colorado, June 10, Lieutenant
Colonel Cassius M. Moses, forearm, mod
erate; June 8, Sergeant G. E. JLascel,
elbow, moderate; Privates Bert E. Young,
patella, moderate; Francis J. Henry, arm,
severe; Company D, Asa Morrill, cheek,
tevere; Thomas Yinslott, thigh, slight;
Privates Frank Duvall. leg, severe; Harry
Maclem, head, moderate.
Thirteenth Infantry, Company D, Ser
geant Boyle Chrlstensen, ankle, mod
erate; Company E, Private Charles Besse,
leg, moderate; Company M, M. Henry,
thigh, slight.
Ninth Infantry,- Company C, Privates
Barney Goynea, arm, slight; Company I,
Robert Hager, eye, "severe; Company F,
Joseph F. Beamans, hip, severe.
Twenty-first Infantry, Company F,
Privates Casper Cook, leg, moderate; An
drew McFarlcnd. leg, slight.
Fourteenth Infantry, Company D. Cor
poral Conrad Hallaner, chest, severe;
Company F, Private Walter Brogdon,
neck, slight.
First Montana, Company D Private E.
L. Clem, thigh, severe; W. F. Kramer,
knee, slight.
Twelfth Infantry. June 11, Company L,
First Sergeant Henry Clark, leg, slight.
General Otis has notified the War De
partment of the following deaths since his
las% weekly report from wounded in ac
tion May 20: Carl A. Carlson, private,
Company 11. Twenty-second Infantry;
June 5. Melvin P. Dailey, private, Coin
pan v G, Fourth Cavalry; June 8, Robert
E. Miles, private. Company C. Fourth
Cavalry; June 8, Patrick Brannigan,
private. Company C. Fourth Cavalry;
June 9. Clifford H. Bowser, first sergeant.
Company X, First Colorado; typhoid
fever, June 3, John A. Saxton, private.
Company M. First Montana: meninaritis,
George A. King, private. Company L,
Seventeenth Infantry; cholera nostras,
Frank L. Garrison. Company I, Seven
teenth Infantry; dysentery, Ralph A.
Odell. private. Company A. Second Ore
gon; incinerative colitis, June 4, Oscar A
Finnlgar. private. Company A. Utan Ar.
tillery: drowned. J. J. Choc, private, Com
pany G, Second Oregon.
For a Greater Fresno.
FRESNO, June 12.— 1n the election held
to-day the proposition to annex a portion
of Roberts Precinct to the city of Fresno
was carried by a handsome majority in
side and outside of ' the city. The senti
ment was divided in Roberts Precinct and
a hard fight was made for and against
annexation. The proposition carried in
the outside precinct by an even hundred
votes. ' •-:■.--. -.V; .
— —
Garnering Yolo's Barley Crop.
WOODL/TND, June 12.— The barley har
vest in Yolo County is now on. Harvest
ing: began in a few early fields last week,
but it did not become general until this
week. The yield is quite large and the
outlook is very promising. Unless the
north wind inflicts much damage, the
! wheat yield will he larger than was ex
! pected a month ap;o.
Mrs. Oelrichs Entertains.
NEWPORT, June 12.— Mrs. Hermann
Oelrichs entertained at dinner this even
ing at Train Villa. Mrs. Oelrichs had as
her guests Mr. and Mrs. William K. Van
derbilt Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur T. Kemp,
Mrs. Clarence Mackay. Miss Marion Fish,
Mrs. C. M Oelrichs and Miss Oelrichs.
Picnic of Native Sons.
WOODLAND. June 12.— Woodland Par
lor of Native Sons will give the annual
moonlight picnic at Coil's Grove next Fri
day evening.
WANTS TO RACE
FOR BIG STAKES
Automobile Manager's
Proposal.
WINTON IS CALLED DOWN
CHARRON ACCUSES THE AMERI
CAN OF BACKING OUT.
His Challenge Called for One Hun
dred Thousand Francs a Side,
and Not Twenty
Thousand.
Special Cable tn The Call and the New IWk
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, June 12.— M. Oharron said to
day: "I am very much surprised at
the turn the proposed international au
tomobile match has taken. It promised
at the start to be a serious affair, but
apparently it has stopped off suddenly.
"Mr. "SVinton issued a challenge for
any amount. I took him up. fixed the
stakes at 100,000 francs and accepted
a.ll the conditions made by Mr. Winton.
I paid over to the Herald 20,000 francs
as a forfeit.
"I do hope the American sprrrtsmen
will understand this difference between
the terms 'stakes' and 'forffeit,' as 20,000
francs forfeit cannot and never could
be twisted into meaning 'stakes.'
"Having placed this 20,000 tranrs mr
feit in the hands of the Herald, Mr.
Winton does in a like manner, deposit
ing his 20,000 francs in the office of
a New York newspaper. But this proves
beyond any question that Mr. Wintr-n.
accepted the conditions I laid down
and which were published immediately
in the Herald.
"New York newspapers which have
taken up the interests of Mr. Winton
so much in this matter will sureiy find
money enough through their readers,
among whom will he femnd persons
who have confidence enough in Mr.
Winton and who will complete the sum
in his behalf which is fixed in my let
ter published in the Herald. But tht
whole sum should be placed with the
Herald, where my forfeit now lies, and
where I shall pay in the stakes.
"I may say that b .t far as I am con
cerned 100,000 francs was found in twen
ty-four hours. Just as srmn as Mr.
Winton finds an equal amount I Will
pay over to the Herald the full sum of
100,000 francs. I hopp Mr. Winton on
his part will do likewise."
AUTOMOBILES FOR
SANTA CLARA COUNTY
Line to Be Placed in Operation for
the Transportation of
Passengers.
SAN JOSE, June Vl.— Automobiles prom
ise to be an Important factor in settling
the various portions of Santa Clara Coun
ty and making San Jose a business center.
L. Lion & Sons have large land interests
at San Martin, eighteen miles south of
here, and they are contemplating putting
on two automobiles between this city and
San Martin. The firm owns over 5000 acres
there and It is proposed to cut them in
small tracts. Two of the firm will go
East in a few days and while there will
investigate automobiles. If they should
prove a success on the San Martin route
more Will be purchased amt the aulo
transportation scheme extended in all di
rections, taking in Campbell. I-os Gatos,
Milpitas. Mayneld, Mountain View and
Palo Alto. The expense of operation is
slight and from fifteen to eighteen miles
an hour or a little more could be made
on the fine roads of Santa Clara County.
This would furnish quick and cheap
transportation. Thousands of visitors
■would be attracted to San Jose by the
introduction of these machines and as the
routes would run through the prettiest
orchard districts of the county it would
advertise the county's resources.
Death of an Educator.
SANTA CRUZ, June 12.— Olive Marsh of
this city died this morning at Skyland
after a "lingering illness. He was a na
tive of California, a graduate of the
Santa Cruz High School and Stanford
University and was for a number of years
principal of the Watsonville public
schools.
Canning Season Opens
MARYSVILL-E, Juno 12.-The rannery
of the Marysville Packing Company be
gan operations for the season to-day on
apricots, of which thero is a heavy yield.
One hundred women and children were
given employment, and the force will i>e
more than tripled before the week is out.
2 --— - --•-\t'sn A
I " \ -' "j i m i HCA
MANY MEN AND WOMEN GO ON SUP.
fering day after day, . treating themselves
for this and that, understanding little or noth-
ing regarding their condition,. and consequently
getting no better. A greater percentage of the
diseases to which human flesh is heir may b«
traced to disorders of the nutritive system. We
refer in particular to -■---' ' . • >« :
LIVER DISORDER. This large *land be-
comes inactive as a result of chronic inflamma-
tion, which- may be brought on by malaria,
brain work, want of exercise, indigestion and
many other causes. The symptoms of liver
complaint are Dull Headaches (Fig. 1). Coated
Tongue (Fig 2), Palpitation of Heart (Fig. 3),
Impaired Digestion (Fig. 4). Soreness over Re-
gion of Liver (Fig. 5). Other symptoms are
pain in right side and right shoulder, a feel-
ing of weariness and languor, dizzy spells,
nervousness and COSTIVENESS. The blood be.
come? surcharged with poisonous elements
when the liver falls to act properly.
HUDYAN is a specific for liver complaint
and the many symptoms and complications that
I are due to liver disorder. HUDYAN strength-
ens the liver and restores It to Its normal, act-
ive capability. HUDYAN diverts the bile from
the blood to the intestines as nature had in-
tended, thus supplying the laxative of nature
and overcoming . constipation. HUDYAN
promptly takes away the heaviness of the head,
the nausea, the dizziness that are associated
with torpid liver.
If you are bilious or inclined to costiveness.
take sensible advice— HUDYAN. It will
cure you. perfectly and permanently. -
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— a
package or six for $2 50. -»~",,-. : v»
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send 'direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.;
cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market streets, San
Francisco. Cal. • x " ; '-
-. YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
■DR.MQNOLTY.
T»H IS -WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1 Specialists^ Pri Vßie. Nervous, am Blooa l>.s-
Macs 0/ Men only. Book on I'riva-e Disease* and
Weaknesses of .Men. free. Over 20y'rp' experience.
Patients cnred.it Home. Terms rrnsoM.-ihlo. HoursO
to3dHliv:43otoB::m ev'gs. ibmi.lHVs. Iotol2. Consul.
free and sacredly confidential. Cull,oraddrea»
P. ROSCOE McXILTY, 51. D.
26!*) He&rnr St., San Francisco. CaL*WILL NOT ACCEPT
THE RESIDENCE
Admiral Dewey Prefers
to Aid Veterans.
WOULD GIVE THEM A HOME
SO SOLDIERS AND SAILORS MAY
BE BENEFITED.
The Uncertainty as to Whether the
Washington Abode Would Be
Received Has Made Sub-
scriptions Light.
Special Wspateh to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, June 12.—Ad
miral Dewey has written to one
of his friends here that he will
not accept the residence which
be purchased by popular
ption and presented to
hi::;.
♦■♦•*■■♦■■♦■-♦•♦■♦■.♦-♦-♦■♦♦♦♦•♦•♦
V \LL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
June 12.— While unwilling to accept the
home for himself, Admiral Dewey is
■his that the money collected for
h;s benefit be used in the establishment
of a soldiers' and Bailors' home. A pri
vate cablegram Bent by the admiral to
a friend in this city gives authority for
this Btatement.
The admiral has not communicated j
•with the home committee, doubtless be
cause they have never informed him!
«>f what they . The members
Ihe comn H I friends of the
admiral have b< en expecting he would
Ive the hotne and would
suggest that the money be employed <
isur< r Roberts, who is also treas- i
iirt-: ' >ewey fund, said to-day !
that the committee would continue its
: that when the sum orlg- j
Inally determined upon had been raised I
uld be reached relative to
.-position.
In naval circles generally and among
ils much satisfaction Is felt at the
ral's decision. It has been stated ,
he would find a home such as was
a white elephant and would i
live as he has been accus- i
•
ibtless due to the uncertainty
>r not the admiral would
pt the home that the contributions
been so small. Treasurer Roberts |
f ■ lay the fun<l amounted to only'
$7033 4fi, practically all from New :
York. Brooklyn, Philadelphia and
"Washington. A subscription from Ver
nt of $50 fi"> was received to-day.
CONVICT PUTTMAN TO
DIE BY THE NOOSE
Folsom Prison Assassin Convicted of
Murder in the First
Degree.
SACRAMENTO. June 12.— The Jury in
Puttman, the Fnisnm
J'ripnn convict who murdered John Show
i f< Hi i\v c . ■ few weeke
t"-nfpht br I Ilct of murder In
rht fir.<=T decree, which carries -with it the
tlty.
crime irris a brutal nn*». Showers |
•was reclining in th^ prison corridor In
of his ■ ell loor when Puttman
; and. without a word, stooped
Showers and repeatedly drove a dirk
f< re )'■•• could de
hlmself. It w,- discovered that
I'intman h;i'l conceived a KruilKr against
Rbowers because the latter Informed on
Majors for some infraction of the
when the latter was in the prison.
Puttman Is an opium fiVinl and his de
%v:is that ho Imd onf of hi* "spells"'
Id noi know what he was doing
when he Showers.
SAN JOSE'S FOURTH.
All Santa Clara County to Celebrate
in the Garden City.
SAN JOSE, June 12.- There is to be a
regular old-time celebration in this city
on the Fourth of July. It will not be only
.1 affair, for the enthusiasm i
for the success of such a celebration
has extended all over the county. Sub
committees are at work in the various
towns near by, and the attendance pmm
• lipse thai of previous years.
The fun will start with the Bunrise guns
in the morning and continue until the
i-nlght"' piece closes the fireworks
In the evening.
In the morning there will be a parade of
arious civic and military organiza
tions, the Fire Department ami floats.
Major A. K. Whitton will be grand mar
shal. lii the afternoon there will be high
i lass literary and musical exercises.
There will be an oration, but the orator
has not yet been selected. These cxi r
cises will be held in St. James Park. The
Ing will be given over tn the finest
iy of fireworks even Been in the city.
The eelebraftlon Is In the hands of a
mittee of thirty-six that Is sure lo
make it a BUccesß. William <"). Alexander
!s chairman: 11. Morton, vice chairman;
Earl s. Blngham, secretary, and Frank
}!. Smith, treasurer. These four, with
Rev. T. H. Lawson, constitute an execu
tive committee, Other prominent mem
of the committee are: Guy W.
Campbell. Rev. H. M. T< nney. 'ieorge
Erhart. Professor R. D. Hunt, George R
Furdlck, J. L. Vanderworkcr. Rev. J. E.
Squires. Rev. J. C. Lynn, T. M. Wright,
ior Anderson, Dr. w. McNary.
Rev. T. S. roung, Rev. Mr. Hymim, J. J.
Dennetts H. !.. Kemp. G. W. Wheeler.
R.'V A. S. Hanson. Superintendents of
t schools and Young People's So
nre also members of it.
DEEP OCEAN ANIMAL LIFE.
It Will Be Studied by an Expedition
Under Professor Agassiz.
NEW fORK, June 12.— A special to the
World fr'.in Washington says: An ex
by Professor Alexander
Agassiz ol Harvard University will be dis-
Francisco In August to
study animal life in deep ocean. The en
terprise, which will i"- under the auspices
of the United States Fish Commission,
the ht;ir:y approval of President Mc-
Kinley.
The Albatross will go first to Tahiti.
one of the Society Islands, where the
ocean reaches a depth of five and a half
mil>-s. Dredges have been worked on the
bed of the • ere the water is three
miles deep, and Btrange creatures unline
anything ever seen before hare been
br< ught up. Th«- waters of the Paumota
archipelago, the Friendly, Fiji. Marshall,
KUice and Gilbert islands will be explored
also. From Gilbert Islands the Albatross
will return via Hawaiian Islands to San
Francisco.
Drowned in the San Joaquin
STOCKTON. June 12.— ( J. B. Sola, a
farmer residing on the. Whittier tract,
was drowned in tho middle river branch
Of the San Joafjuin la?t night. The
drowning must have been accidental, it
was not witnessed, but the supposition is
that Sola tried to jump from the river
bank to a small boat which w,-is kept
moored near his place and miscalculated
the distance. He was a well-to-do
man and single. The body was found to
day. Another body wan recovered near
Bouldln Landing. It was that of an un
known man who was Been by the pas
sengers on the J. 1). Peters to teap Into
the river on Saturday night during the
w Tip to Ban Francisco.
Stanford's New Hall
STANFORD INI YKKSJTV, June 12.
--(Jround was broken this afternoon for the
erection of the new Hall of Natural Sci
ences at the university. The contracts for
the stone work have been let to J. D. Mc-
Qllvary and work will be hurried.
COLUSA FARMER'S
WILL CONTESTED
Scramble for Henry C.
Nelson's Wealth.
PECULIAR POINTS INVOLVED
DISPUTED INSTRUMENT WAS
NOT SIGNED.
It Is Alleged the Dying Rancher Was
Unconscious When the Codi-
cil Was Drawn Up at
His Bedside.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUSA. June 12.— The taking of testl- I
; mony In the contest of the will of Henry
C. Nelson, a wealthy farmer of Colusa !
County who died about a year and a half ;
ago. was begun to-day before a Jury. Th? !
| deposition of R. E. Smith, one of the cx
i ecutors. was read, and the testimony of
I E. J. Hill of San Francisco, one of the !
; subscribing witnesses and the lawyer who I
dictated the will, was taken in part.
From the opening statement of Crit
: tendon Thornton for the contestants and
the evidence already taken these allega
tions are gathered: Nelson was 79 years j
' old when he died. In July, 1897, he had j
a partial stroke of paralysis at his home \
• near Colusa. In September following ho j
was taken to the Langham Hotel in San j
Francisco to be treated by Dr. Thomas I
Gal van, being at the time so helpless from |
his stroke and from sickness that he had i
to be carried on a chair. On the night of !
Oct. .her 16, after he had been there under ;
i treatment about a month, he had a sec- i
ond stroke of parlysls. He was not ex- !
pi cted to live until morning. He was at- I
tended by six of his relatives, nephews \
and nieces, who were the children of a !
d< i ■ ased brother, ami who lived near him
in California. Early in the morning of i
; the 17th of October E. J. Hill, a lawyer
who resided In the hotel, was hastily
j railed, ami dictated a*will in accordance >
< with directions given to him. Hill was
; told there were only six heirs, and that
all the property was to to his heirs
at law. He hastily dictated the will and
Dr. Galvan wrote it. At the time Nelson
i was in an unconscious condition, having
' been placed in an invalids chair. His
head was thrown back, his eyes open and
staring, his mouth open and his law
dropped down. During the three-quarters
of an hour occupied in going through the
t form of making a will. Nelson made no
motion or any sign of intelligence, unless
I he squeezed the hand of Dr. Gnlvan when i
asked if the paper was his will, as he
! was requested to do if he. desired it to be
his will. He never spoke one word nor
gave any sitrn that he knew what was
going on about him: he was. in fact, un- :
': conscious at the time. The will left all
the estate to the six nephews and I
I who surrounded fiim. and made Dr. Gal
van, a stranger who had known Nelson
lees than thirty days, sole executor with
out bonds. There were, in fact, one sister
anil sixteen nephews and nieces living in :
the East.
It is claimed that Nelson was clearly at
the point of death at the time. The rela- !
tives had sent for an undertaker and hi?
had arrived before the will was made.
The Contestants propose to prove that the
relatives who were present were dissatis
; Bed with having I>r. Galvan sole executor
; without bonds unless some one of them
would be appointed ny Galvan to manage
I the estate. The mai'- relatives before the
death of Nelson and immediately aft. r
the will was made separately importuned
Galvan to make them managers, and
upon Gal van declining to do so they pro- !
cceded in great haste to procure the at-;
tendance or J. W. Goad, an attorney of
Cclusa, nnd T>r. Gray of Colusa, and on
their arrival on the evening of the 2flth
of i >,-t..i,,-. r had Mr. Goad draw up a codl
-1 cil to the will, adding himself nnd two •
I member? of the family n= additional ex
ecutors, but still leaving all the estate to !
| the California relative.
it is eiaime<i that Lawyer Hill took the
part he did only because Of The mlsrep
resentatlons made to him at the time, and
he is now here as a witness in behalf of
the contestants and uas told on the stand
Just how the will was brought about and
just how it was made and witnessed.
At the adjournment of court the ciues
t'.on of introducing evidence to prove the
jeint efforts or conspiracy of the Inter
ested parties to procure the making of
tt.< will and codicil was being argued and
this will be further argrierl to-morrow
n'orning. The contest promises to be a
very sensational one. The parties are all
inminent and nre ably represented by
counsel, there being no less than four law
yers on each side.
The defendants deny all that Is charged
pgainst them and say they can completely
refute all the testimony offered by the
( '-ntestants.
TWO SHIPS OF WAR"
UNFIT FOR SERVICE
Uncle Sam Found to Have Made a
Bad Bargain in Purchasing of
English Builders.
NEW YOKK. June 12.— A special to the
World from Washington pays: Naval px
perta have pronounced the cruisers Al
bany and New Orleans dangerously top
heavy. These two warships were pur- !
chased in England hy the Navy J")epart
ment just before war was declared With
Spain. The New Orleans was brought to
this country and was in service, but the i
Albany is still In the course of construe- :
tion. She was tied up in English waters \
by the laws of neutrality.
Rear Admiral Hichborn, chief of the
Bureau of Construction and Repair, to
day filed with the department the report ;
ol Naval Constructor Bowles, who In- j
specter] the New Orleans at the Brooklyn
navy yard and mad.' discoveries. This \
news is disappointing to the department, '.
a- the New Orleans, by reason of her!
good showing in Cuban waters, was looked
upon as a worthy ship. What is worse
the experts have no remedy to offer for ;
the defects.
The Albany Is at Armstrong's ship
yards in England and is advanced RO per
C< nt toward completion. The two ships
are built along exactly the same lines and j
what is true of one is true of the other.
Troubles of a Policeman.
MARIS\ILLE, June 12.— Police Officer
J. E. Parmelee, who on last Friday was
j convicted In Justice Aldrich's court of
i battery committed on a prisoner he had
j arrested, made application in the Su
perior Court t"-day for a writ of prohi
; l.iition restraining the Justice from pass-
Ing sentence. His contention was that
* Justice Aldrlch was usurping the powers
of Police Judge, who, he claims, should
have sole jurisdiction over offenses com
mitted within the. city limits. While the
court did not make a formal decision on
tho merits of the case, its rulings on a
demurrer offered by Aldrich's counsel to
Parmelee's complaint indicate that he
will permit the Justice Court to pass sen
tence. Friends of the man whom Par
melee battered have caused charges to be
filed with the Mayor and Council against
the officer. It Is thought Parmelee will
resign, as this is the second time, he has
been called upon to answer to a battery
complaint.
PRINCESS IN AN ASYLUM.
Louise of Coburg to Remain in a Pri
vate Retreat.
NEW YORK.. June 12. — A cable to th.;
Journal from Vienna says: Princess Lou
l=e of Coburg was transferred to-day to
Pierson's famous asylum at Lindenhof,
near Dresden, for permanent residence,
the medical faculty and court doctors
having decided that she is weak minded
and irresponsible. Princess Louise's men
tal debility is attributed by the medical
faculty to concussion of the brain, caused
years ago by a fall when she was moun
tain climbing, and to an attack of typhus
which followed.
Stewart Children Released.
SEATTLE, June 12.— Superior Judge Ja
coba to-day ordered the release of Adele
and Mabel Stewart, the two c-hildren ar
rested last Friday on the request of the
California Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children. They were ordered
returned to their mother.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 13, 1899.
THE PEACE CONFERENCE
AND PROBABLE CONFLICT
IN THE TRANSVAAL
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
THE HAGUE, June 12.— 1 ques
tioned a member of the Peace
Conference to-day as to what
would occur If during the confer-
ence England were to take up
arms against the Transvaal. His re
ply was:
"The question would be very difficult.
England would certainly contend that
I it -was her own business, the Transvaal
being a vassal and her action against
the Boers amounting to the simple
quelling of an internal insurrection or
rebellion. As, however, the Boers
maintain they are an Independent
power, the conference would certainly
I offer friendly intervention and propose
to act as arbiter."
The question is already being talked
'■ about in private conversation, the Eng
j lish delegates alleging that the Trans
i vaal matter is only a question between
! mother and child, but this would not
i ultimately prevent the Peace Confer-
I ence from believing it could not stand
aloof and witness a bloody struggle
silently without being ridiculous in the
eyes of the world."
1 had a long interview to-day with
| two eminent diplomats, members of
the Peace Conference. I gathered that
: the American proposal for rendering
\ private property inviolable at sea is
strongly supported by the Dutch dele
| gates and most of the other countries.
Germany, however, is indifferent.
! France strongly opposes it. She ap
pears to think that in case of war with
England, the possibility of which has
been shown by the Fashnda incident.
the American scheme would rob her of
i her principal weapon against England.
In case of a naval war it has always
' been the idea of the French to strike
1 on every pojnt of England's merchant
! marine and trade. They are not at all
willing to relinquish for the future
, what appears to them to be the best
chance against the nation that rules
the waves. It is quite certain also that
Russia supports the French view, es
pecially because she considers herself
bound in duty to back her ally.
The fate of the American proposal,
therefore, is very uncertain, although
Germany probably, in trie end, will be
found siding with the United States and
England, which may possibly turn the
scale.
At present the whole attention of the
conference is centered on the arbitra
tion question. It has falsely asserted
that the arbitration scheme, as dis
cussed, leaves arbitration optional. It
is made compulsory in twelve specified
cases, especially applying to interna
tional conflicts out of differences of con
tention regarding the meaning of treat
ies.
I have been able to read the Russian
proposition. It enacts that the con
ference will choose five powers to be
called upon to arbitrate. Each will ap
point a judge, five constituting a court,
to which two of each contending par
ties will be entitled to add a judge of
its own appointment with the same
right as the other Judges. A permanent
arbitration bureau, representing the
five original arbitrating powers will be
instituted, with headquarters at The
Hague, the expense to be borne by all
signatory powers in the same propor
tion as for the existing international
postofnee bureau.
CARS GUARDED
BY POLICEMEN
Scenes of Wild Disorder
at Cleveland.
Fjv""!n.l TMppatcli to Th» Call.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 12.— The at
tempt of the Big Consolidated Railroad
| Comparty to move its cars was to-day at
i tended by scenes of wild disorder In vari-
I mis parts of the city, though nobody was
j hurt and very little damage done to prop
erty. Cars were run on two lines at very
Irregular intervals, but without passen
: gers and mainly under the protection of
policemen.
The principal work of the mobs, which
\ were composed largely of idlers and spec
tators, was to blockade the tracks, In
which they were materially assisted, by
accommodating drivers of trucks, to cut
trolley wires and jeer at non-union men.
Occasionally stones and pieces of mud
were thrown, but nobody, was hurt. The
strikers discouraged violence, but they
', did must effective duty in inducing the
non-union men to quit, and In this they
were assisted by several women, relatives
of the strikers, who hoarded the cars and
pleaded with the new men to leave their
positions. One of these women was pro
vided with money, and when argument
failed she induced th^ non-union men to
quit by paying them.
Many of the cars were left on the lines
deserted and were afterward picked up
by inspectors and taken to the terminus.
: The company says it has sufficient men to
1 operate its "cars to-morrow, but this is
! denied by the strikers.
The Important development of the day
was the refusal of the company to let the
.State Board arbitrate the only question
Involved— the recognition of the union,
i The strikers say they feel greatly en
'■■ couraged and that they will be better pre
: pared than ever to resist the running of
cars when the attempt is resumed to
morrow morning.
AKRON. Ohio. June 12.-Lnless the
strike in Cleveland is ended inside of
forty-eight hours it Is believed the Akron,
Bedford and Cleveland and the Akron
Strict Railroad employes will be called
out on a sympathetic strike. These two
mads are owned and operated by the
same people in' control of the Big Con
■ solTdated at Cleveland. The A B and O.
, cars are run only to the suburbs of Cleve
j land and not into the city.
TWO NEGROES LYNCHED
BY THEIR OWN RACE
Laborers at a Phosphate Mine Mete
Out Punishment to
Murderers.
I OCALA, Fla., June 12.— Two negroes
| were lynched at Dunnelon last night by
I a mob of their own color. Some weeks ago
j Ma'slia: Payne was shot by a negro. Sat
'■ urtiay the negro was captured and re
turned to Dunnelon, when it is supposed
some negroes were employed to take him
down the river and drown him. Sunday
evening the laborers of the Dunnelon
phosphate mine organized to mete out
similar justice to those implicated. They
succeeded in lynching two of the
men and were only prevented from lynch
ing others by Sheriff Nugent and an
armed posse, who went down on a special
i train from Ocala. The posse returned
this morning and reported everything
quiet.
CHANLER AN INCOMPETENT.
Supreme Court Declares Former Hus
band of Amelie Rives Insane.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The Supreme
Court has decided that John Armstrong
('hauler is incompetent to manage his
own affairs. Mr. Chanler was the former
husband of Amelie Rives. Proceedings
were begun by Lewis S. and Wlntnrcp
Chanler, brothers of John Armstrong
Chanler, who allege that he is incapable
of managing his own affairs.
Chanler was not In court, his counsel
saying that his condition Is such that he
i could not leave Bloornlngdale asylum.
GENERAL LORD WOLSELEY.
LONDON, June 12.— Comma
nder-in-Chief Lord Wolseley has
been busy for several days and
evenings at the War Office, pre
paring for possible eventualities
in South Africa. The effective
lists of the first-class reserve
have been prepared and trans
portation for the First Army
Corps has been provisionally ar
ranged. The officers on furlough
have been warned to hold them
selves in readiness to return to
their regiments. The general
trend of news, however, is more
pacific.
On the other hand, it seems that Q.U
hope of a disarmament scheme in any
shape has been definitely relegated to
the land of Utopia, even the timid sug
gestion of delaying for five years any
transformation or improvement in guns
or war material in order to save ex
pense all round seems to be stripped
SEEK TO CHECK
RUSH TO MINES
Prospectors Send False
Reports.
Fpecial Plspatch to Th» Can.
LOS ANGtELES. June 12.— A letter
to-day received by Dr. Victor Rendon
of this city from his brother, Pedro
Kendon, scouts the Idea that gold does
not exist in the Sierra Pintada placers
in Lower California. Rendon, who is
an attorney, gives instances where such
reports are contradicted by individual
experience. In his letter Rendon says:
i i;ir company has received \v<>rd from !
a man who was sent down to the Sierra
Pintada fields by us saying that P"H is
there In paying quantities. This man.
who is trustworthy, Informed us that his
son, twelve years old, got ?* in gold dust
in two hours' work with his own hands.
The dirt from which the $S was obtained
was dug and washed by the boy himself.
Some persons who have come back from
the placer fields, say that there is not -
enough gold there to work with profit. It
is generally believed here that those who
have brought back such reports are not c
miners of experience, but men who do not
know how to go at the work properly.
Again, some of them an 1 miners who
know their business but who do not want
the fields overcrowded with newcomers,
but want to profit for themselves. Some
men, in order to keep persons from go
ing down there, are only too willing to ■
spread discouraging reports.
The steamer Saint Denis hrought 492
ounces of gold dust to Knsenada on her ,
last trip. Some of this was consigned to
our company and some to E. Romers, a j
merchant of Ensenada.
Dr. Rendon, in explaining this, said
it was customary for some of the mm- j
ers to consign their dust to the com
pany, which paid them the standard
amount for all that was shipped to
them.
General Andrade, the Mexican Con- i
sul in this city, said that, in his opin- \
ion, the reports of Pedro Rendon could
be taken with as much confidence as
official reports.
DEWEY STEPS ON LAND.
SINGAPORE, June 12.— Admiral Dewey
landed to-day from the I'nited States
cruiser Olympla, his flagship, to pay a
visit to the Governor of the Straits Set
tlements, Lieutenant Colonel Sir C. B. H.
Mitchell, at the Government House. He
was received with military honors. On
his return to the Olympla he was visited
by the Governor.
The admiral declined an invitation to
stay at the Government House, preferring
to stay quietly on board the cruiser. The
admiral declines to be interviewed and
refuses all invitations to attend social
functions.
Indictments Against Terrill.
SAN JOSE, June 12.— The Grand Jun
to-day returned indictments against
Samuel B. Terrill, the attorney— three for
forgery and one for embezzlement. These
take the place of the four that were pre
viously found and which, on account of
defects, were resubmltted.
McDonald 111 at Manila.
WOODLAND. June 12.— Robert McDon
ald of this city, a private in the First
California, is sick at Manila. Word comes
from Washington that orders have been
issued to transfer him to San Francisco.
Woodland's Tennis Cracks.
WOODLAND. June 12.— John Craig and
Harry Porter of this city will enter the
tennis tournament to be held at "Wheat
land on Wednesday.
Californians Graduate.
WASHINGTON. June 12.— Among the
graduates of Georgetown Law College to
night were W. T. Sherman Doyle of San
Francisco and R. P. Troy of San Rafael.
of the faintest chance of success.
Germany and both her Austrian and
Italian allies are strenuously opposed
to it.
The American delegates to-night is
sued a manifesto to the effect that al
though the English proposals have been
used as the basis of the arbitration dis
cussion this does not mean the aban
donment of the American plan, which
will be presented by the Comite de
Redaction, with their own draft, to the
plenary sitting of the third commission
and judged on its merits.
The discussion as to furnishing the
newspapers with abstracts of the pro
ceedings developed a remarkable scene.
M. P.. inert, head of the Belgian delega
tion, on rising to speak, addressed M.
de Staal, and in the most pointed man
ner said that publicity might as well
be granted, as certain documents had
been published in the newspapers.
"Some of these documents," he said,
"were stolen, I have heard, from M.
Rle Staal, but I cannot believe this.
feeling sure that the visitors to the
Ouddoelen Hotel are all far too honest
to stoop to that."
M. de Staal made no reply.
RANCHERS' FEUD
ENDS IN DEATH
Parkfield Resident Slays
His Neighbor.
Fp^flal Dispatch to The- Call.
SALINAS, Juno 12.— John B. Jones, a
well-known farmer residing in the south
ern portion of Monterey County, was shot
and killed yesterday by his brother-in
law, James O. <iill<tt. The weapon used
was a Winchester ntie, and the first re
ports of the affair that reached this city
were to the effect that Gillett killed his
victim when the latter was a quarter of a
mile away and was not aware that his
life was in danger. This the slayer de
nies. He pave himself up to the authori
ties yesterday, a Hoping that he had taken
the life of Jones in pelf-defense. The
facts regarding the killing have not yet
In en hrought to light, and the widow of
the victim seems disposed to. aid her sis
ter, the wife of the homicide, to shield
Gillett.
Gillett and Jones courted and married
two sisters, daughters of William Murley,
a pioneer of this county. It has heen
known for years that the two men were
hitter enemies, and the wife of Jones, to
avoid trouble with her brother-in-law,
persuaded her husband to leave the Park
lield district. They came to this section
and lived near Santa Rita. Later, how
ever, Jones moved to Tuolumne County,
where up to about three weeks ago he re
sided.
Moving back to Parkfield, Jones took
property adjoining the ranch of his
biother"-in-law and just across a creek.
The old feud which had slumbered broke
out afresh on Sunday. At some place in
the mountains the moa met to adjust their
difficulties amicably. They failed to ar
rive at a settlement, and once more parted
enemies. Jones rode homeward and Gil
lf-tt to his abode. The latter remained
only long enough to procure his ritle, and
then started out to Turd Jones. When the
two men met, according to the statement
s-f Gillett. the quarrel was renewed, and
to avoid being killed himself Gillett shot
fust. Jones fell from his horse and ex
pired almost immediately. When he saw
his relative fail Gillett went to Parkfield
and surrendered to Constable Sloan to
avoid possible violence from friends of
Jones.
T'pon reaching the scene of the murder
the officers could find no trace of any
weapons carried ny Jones, but It is
claimed they discovered a place in the
brush where there were evidences of some
one having been In hiding.
The whole affair Is creating no end of
excitement, and at the inquest to-morrow
and the preliminary examination on.
W ednesday it is expected there will be
ser.sationai developments. The friends of
Jor.es claim he was shot when riding un
armed up a lonely mountain trail, and
they threaten to avenge his death. The
families involved in the feud are among
the most prominent in Southern Monterey
County, where they have resided for many
years.
SHAH OF PERSIA INSANE.
Has Hallucinations and Toys With
the Telephone.
LONDON, June 12.— A dispatch to the
Daily Graphic from Sebastopol says that
a Cossack ex-officer who has just return
ed from Teheran, Persia, declares that
the Shah is mentally and physically in
capacitated, and that he suffers halluci
nations. He tinds his chief amusement
with telephones, which are installed
throughout the palace.
Russian Admiral Arrives.
NEW YORK. Jufie 12.— Admiral Iva
shlntzoff of the Russian navy was a pas
senger on the French Line steamer La
Touraine, which arrived • to-day from
Jlavre. He will return to Russia by way
of San Francisco.
Bland's Improved Condition.
LEBANON, Mo., June 12.— Mr.. Eland's
condition to-night is encouraging. . His
pulse is stronger than for several days
and he has taken more nourishment than
during any day Bince his collapse, ten
flays ago. . ;:-?
WAGING WAR ON
SUNDAY CONCERTS
Reform Attempted at
Sacramento.
CHURCH-GOERS ARE DIVIDED
MANY NOT IN SYMPATHY WITH
THE MOVE.
Bey. Mr. Miel of St. Paul's Declares
in Favor of the Sabbath Even
ing Recreation Acorded
th« Populace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 12.— For a number !
of years past one of the chief amusements
of the public of Sacramento during the
summer months has been the open-air j
concerts at the plaza, and the most pop- |
ular of these concerts have been those j
held on Sunday evenings. Now and then i
there has been expressed some opposition !
to these concerts on the part of certain
churches, but they were held from year
to year nevertheless, and continued to
grow steadily in public favor. Not until
this year has the antagonism assumed
importance, and there is prospect for j
some lively times before music in its j
voluptuous swell again floats through the ]
plaza palm branches while church bells i
are tinkling on the evening breeze.
Last night Rev. S. J. Carroll, pastor of j
the Sixth-street Methodist Church, dcliv- !
ered a sermon in which he denounced the
Sunday evening concerts as promoters of
immorality and as inimical to the
i churches. He protested against the ap
i propriatlon of public funds to aid them
and at the conclusion of his address a
series of resolutions were adopted by the
congregation calling upon the Board of
Trustees to refuse the use of the public
plaza for the concerts.
Stubborn as is the opposition on the part
of Rev. Mr. Carroll and his congregation,
it is not shared apparently by all the
| churchgoers of the city. Yesterday a peti
! tion was sent to each of the churches for
I the signatures of those naembers who
were willing to protest agaifst the Sunday
night concerts. St. Paul's Episcopal
Church is one of the largest and most in
fluential religious organizations in Sacra
mento. At three separate services yester
day the rector. Rev. C. L. Miel. presented
the petition, remarking that while per
sonally in favor of the Sunday evening
concerts, he believed that the members
of his congregation should have the op
portunity to express their individual
views. As a result of the presentation nf
the petition at these three services only
one signature was obtained.
To-night Rev. C. L. .Miel in an interview
I in the Bee asserts nis belief that the of
i fersea of which the opponents of the con
; certs complained could not be regulated
! by legislation or by other method than the
i exercise of parental authority. He asserts
that he has on several occasions, after his
r\ < ning service, attended the concerts at
the plaza and found there well-behaved
assemblages of people, who seemed to be
enjoying the music and the fresh air. Rev.
Mr. Miel gives utterances to these inter
esting remarks:
"I do not think that statute law should
ever b° substituted for the great law of
fieedom of conscience. It may be, as
si.me predict, that this country is becom-
In a corrupt country, that its people are
becoming an indifferent. Godless people. I
do not share this view, but if it be true it
is not because its papers are printed on
Sunday; not because its boats and trains
are not locked in their docks or sheds by
order of the legislature on Sunday; not
IS4 the wnrkingman is allowed to
become for a few hoOrs a resting man on
Sunday, but because so many Christians
are selfish, narrow, little people; because
so many prefer pleasure to duty, and gain
to honor; btrcttuse co muny love their
party more than their church, their
church more than Christianity, their per
sonal opinions more than the truth, and
themselves more than all else besides.
"Those are the things that corrupt and
rot a nation. But the honest labor and
its reward and modicino, the proper,
wholesome recreation of its citizens— these
arc not the things that corrupt or rot a
nation."
A delegation of local clergyman ap
peared before the City Trustees to-night
and urged that body not to appropriate
money for the Sunday concerts, nor t>> al
low the use of tlio Plaza for the purpose.
The board allowed th>- concert commit
tee to use the Plaza during the summer
months, without designating the days,
and appropriated $150 with the provision
that it should be usM only for mid
week concerts. This arrangement is
satisfactory to the committee, which ex
pects to raise enough money by popular
subscription for the Sunday night events.
LANDMANN'S SLAYER"
IS YET UNDISCOVERED
PARTICIPANTS IN THE MELEE
GIVE TESTIMONY.
Their Statements Conflict and the Po
lice Are in the Dark — Detective
Cody Seeks a Witness.
George F. True-worthy. James Mnnahan,
Frank Bush and William Sampson, the
young men who were engaged in the row
on Sunday evening which resulted in the
death of John Landmann, were taken be
fore the Chief of Police yesterday ami
each gave his version of the fight, as was
told in The Call of Monday morning.
Their statements conflicted, each prison
er making an effort to shield the other
from blame. The only Important state
ment made was that of young Monahan,
who still sticks to the assertion that he
gave the knife to "Hunkers" Trueworthy.
Trueworthy was shown the knife found
after the struggle and swore that he bad
never seen it before. The police kre of
the opinion that the weapon used in the
affray was secreted immediately after the
killing of Landmann. According to True
worthy, he and Rush were mixed up with
Landmann at different times during the
fight. It will therefore be impossible to
ascertain who was the knife-wielder.
Several other witnesses to the affair
were examined, but information of little
value was elicited. Detective Charles
Cody is energetically working on the
case. He is looking for a witness who
has not as yet come forward. The young
men are still in prison. They will ap
pear at the Coroner's inquest this morn
ing and may tell what they know of
Landmann's death.
LIGHTNING TRANSFORMATION.
Farmer John Hickey Meets a Bunko
Man and Now Wears Old Clothes.
Johy Hickey, a middle-aged man who
has just arrived from the country, ran
athwart a Clever bunko man yesterday
and last night he went to police head
quarters with his troubles. Hickey, who
had been drinking all morning, met a
stranger in a saloon at the corner of Clay
and Polk streets, and together they
started out to see the sights. The affable
stranger told Hickey he was a brother of
a prominent officer of the First California
Volunteers. They had many drinks to
gether and the liquor soon began to over
power Hickey. The stranger suggested
that he hire a room in a lodging house at
1522 Polk street.
Both men went to the room and when
Hickey woke up about 5:30 last evening
he found that the stranger had relieved
him of $45 and some small change and his
new suit- of clothes. The bunko man was
thoughtful enough to leave Hickey his
discarded suit, and as Hickey was a much
bigger man than the bunko-steerer, he
presented a sorry appearance when he
walked into police headquarters last
night to report the matter.
Yacht Club Property Sold.
SAN RAFAEL, June 12.— The property
of the Pacific Yacht Club at Sausallto was
sold to-day at public auction to A. B.
Spreckels for $15,025. The auction took
place under a decree of foreclosure on a
trustees' deed, and $6000 of the judgment
remains unsatisfied.
SOON TO START
FOR THE ISTHMUS
Canal Commission Not
Disposed to Delay.
ITS WORK TO BE HURRIED
WILL REPORT TO CONGRESS BY
JANUARY 1.
Civil Engineer Haupt to Lose His
Place Unless He Disavows
Interviews Credited
to Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, June 12.
Admiral Walker, chairman of the
new Nicaraguan Canal Commission,
has called a meeting of the commis
sion for next Thursday, June 15, when,
it Is expected, the question whether
the Commissioners shall proceed at
once to Central America and begin the
work in hand, or delay until the yel
low fever season has passed, will be
decided. It is believed the start from
New York will be made by July 1, or
before. It is said the commission will
endeavor to finish its work in time to
report to Congress by January 1 next.
Unless Civil Engineer Lewis Haupt
disavows the authenticity of published
views credited to him, his resignation
as a member of the Isthmian Commis
sion will be asked for and the vacancy
filled by the appointment of another
engineer. Notice has been taken by
the President of the interview with Mr.
Haupt, and it has been called to his
attention with the request that he at
once Inform the President of its cor
rectness.
This action is due to the earnest de
sire of the Chief Executive that a com
mission shall be organized which will
make a fair and impartial investigation
and submit an unbiased report. If Mr.
Haupt is already classed in favor of the
Nicaragua canal, as the statements at
tributed to him would seem to show
and so strongly opposed to the Panama
waterway, it is apparent that his re
tention on the commission, now that
his views are known to the adminis
tration and the public generally would
injure the value of its report. For this
reason the President has been con
strained To ask Mr. Haupt for an ex
planation.
The friends of Mr. Haupt here are
confident that the views attributed to
hirr. nre substantially correct, as it is
said he has talked in much ihe same
way to them. His removal from the
commission will mean a distinct loss
to the Nicaragua element, in view of
his Nicaraguan canal attitude.
Acquitted of the Fountain Murder.
HILLSBORO. N. M.. June 12.— Oliver
Lee and James Gilliland were acquitted
of the murder of Henry Fountain, the
son of Colonel A. J. Fountain, shortly
after midnight. The jury was closeted
but seven minutes. _
To Nurse Returning Volunteers.
WASHINGTON". June 12.— Miss Anita
McGee has sent twenty additional female
nurses to the genc-ral hospital at San
Francisco to care for volunteers upon
their return. This makes a total of forty
seven nurses at this hospital.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Those terrible — ■ — — — — —
dyspepsia or liver trouble without Vfll
suspecting the real cause of the 1 1 VBE
difficulty. \VVeI
A woman usually understand? J^*^
■what is the trouble but is loath to C"_
undergo the mortifying and gen- yWi
eraily useless "examinations" and U
"local applications" on which the local
practitioner is almost sure to insist. Bat
there is a far more sensible alternative :
Any woman afflicted with a delicate weak-
ness of this nature should seek the aid of
that marvelous "Favorite Prescription"
invented by Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief consult-
ing physician of the Invalids'. Hotel and
Surgical Institute, of Buffalo, N. Y.
In any case so obstinate as not to be
promptly cured by this great "Prescrip-
tion" special advice for inexpensive home-
treatment adapted to the individual case,
will be sent by Dr. Pierce to any one who
will address him by mail. All letters are
treated with the strictest privacy and never
printed except by the writer's special
request. Cases intrusted to his care are in
the hands of one who has a I*' " ie- ex-
perience and who stands amo.. ..ae most
eminent of living specialists in this par-
ticular field of practice.
Every woman should possess a copy of
Dr. Pierces famous thousand-page illus-
trated volume, the Common Sense Medical
Adviser which has had a larger sale than
any medical book in any language. A
paper-bound copy will be sent absolutely
free on receipt of 21 one.- cent stamps to
pay the 'ost of mailing only. Address
World's Dispensary Medical Association, ,
Buffalo, N. V., or send 31 stamps for cloth-
bound copy. A whole medical library in
one 1000-page volume.
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL ANE
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF lIS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature ha*
just been added.
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located; -within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
D RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book, "The Empire Illustrated.'"
and other particulars.
W, JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor.
CLEANSING, /*%
BEAUTIFYING. |*?»>f
Th« grandest combination on 4"SM**_ £*
earth for cleansing, purlfylr.g XTtkl^
and beautifying the skin and " : •.
complexion Is WOODBURT'S Facial Soap mat
WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. No scientist
truth was ever more wonderful than the result)
accomplished by their us* in tb* toilet AM
itatlb SQMtYerjnrtei*
34
MANIAC CHEESMAN
IS STILL AT LARGE
MR. AND MRS. FRED A. KXICK, I
bride and groom of a month, are .
spending the waning hours of j
their Honeymoon In the expecta
tion that it will be ended by the
bullet of the assassin's revolver. In
trenched in their apartments on the sec
ond f.oor of the house of Mrs. Elizabeth
Schultze, 909 Illinois street, they await his •
coming, the young wife in fear and
trembling, the husband brave but nervous, j
fully armed and ready to give a warm re- ■
etption to the Intruder.
Frank Cheesman, a bullet from whose
pistol left a scar on Mrs. Knick's body
Bhe will carry to her grave, is the enemy
on the trail of the newly wedded couple. ,
His record, which has been extensively
exploited; is a bloody one, full of murder
and attempts at murder, suicidal efforts
innumerable, commitments to insane asy
lums and subsequent escapes. The Knicks
have every reason to believe that he will
add tohis record another murder, that of j
th« bride, who was Etta Payne of Oak
land, if he is not recaptured before he has !
the opportunity to slay.
The story of his appearance Sunday in
the*'Potrero. as published in yesterday's
Call, coupled with the knowledge that his
mania is only for blood, had the effect of .
causing intense excitement in that thickly- .
populated district. The prospect that the
madman might suddenly appear at any
home and kill the first one he met was not j
one to be ignored. Some few of the j
stronger-minded scouted the idea that j
Cheesman had been seen at all in the Po- |
trero, but his presence, revolver and all,
had been reported to Knickand his wife.
That they believed the report was shown
by their action in summoning the police
and in the fact that yesterday, while his
wife kept most of the time to a darkened
inner room, Knick, the handle of a re
volver showing plainly from his back i
pocket, stood guard inside the door lead- !
U.B from the hallway. '■ - <•"*
Knlck plainly showed the tension on his
nerves caused by the responsibility newly i
devolved upon him of defending his men
aced bride and his rented castle from the :
approaches of the enemy. He believed
the report of Cheesman's presence in the
vicinity from an experience himself and
wife had had in the early hours of Satur
day morning.
"My wife was awakened," he said,
"about i o'clock Saturday morning by a
■ noise In the room adjoining our bedroom.
She aroused me and I listened until I
heard what sounded like some person
bumping against a chair. I got out of
bed in a hurry and started to go Into the
next room, which was- dark. I stopped
and picked up the lamp, which was
lighted, and took my revolver. Then i
pushed open the door suddenly and rushed
to the middle of the room to dodge any
plow that might be aimed at me.
"In an instant I saw there was no one
in the room, but I was convinced that
there had been from the noises both of us
had heard and from the fact that one of
the windows, both of which had been
closed when we retired, was up. I was a
little bit dazed for a moment at the idea
that some one had entered our rooms and
I went out of the window and onto the
piazza, but could Bee no trace of any one.
The door which opens from it to the hall
which communicates with the stairs,
leading to the street below, was unlocked
and I suspect now that whoever made the
early morning call upon us had gained
access to the window and made his es
cape that way. ■_■-.-:
"As I as examining the door I saw
a man walking along the other side of
the street and I asked him to go to the
police station "ii Twentieth street and
notify the officers there that a man had
tried' to break into our place. Upon my
return to my wife, who had heard of
-man's escape from the asylum, she
insisted that he was the intruder. Since
I heard of his presence in this vicinity I
Pears'
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shay-
The Knicks Are Afraid He May
Make Them Another
Night Call.
Bride and Groom of a Month Put in the Waning
Hours of Their Honeymoon in Fear
> of His Deadly Aim.
am strong in the belief that she was
right. I am prepared for him."
The Knicks had a call yesterday from
Franklin S. Oheesman, father of the es
i aped murderer Ilia i *~\"p a.t tho <3o<>r wcui
answered from the other side by Knick,
who was cautious about opening.
"Who'u there?*' he asked.
'•It's Howard. " came the reply through
loor, ami while Knick did not recog
nise the voice he was confident that it
was not thai of his wife's pursuer. He
let the visitor in and soon discovered his
identity. The elder Cheesman sought to
make the Knirks believe that his son was !
nut In the country, telling them, as he had
told a Call reporter Sunday, that he be
lieved Frank was in th<- Kast with a rich
uncle. He appeared to have no other ob
ject for his visit but this, and his Btay
was short.
During the afternoon Mrs. Knick and i
Mrs. Schultze stepped out to look at a
flat, the fears of the young women hav
ing filled her with a desire to move. They
1 at the police Station and so in
formed Lieutenant Anderson, but upon
their return both Knick and his bride
denied that they contemplated any such
proceeding, the husband saying they felt
where they wore with his revolver
and a watchdog they had secured. If
they do intend to move, as the police were
informed, they wish to do so so secrety
that Cheesman will be in ignorance of
thi ir whereabouts for a long enough time
to allow of his recapture.
Lieutenant Anderson made an attempt
yesterday to find some trace of Cheesman,
but his men were unsuccessful, none of
them believing that the sanguinary luna
tic had been anywhere in the vicinity, ex
cept in the highly excitable imagination
of Mrs. Knick.
The entire police force of Oakland was
at work on the Belden mystery yesterday,
but not a single clew has been developed.
Although an organized lookout has been
kept for Cheesman, the police are not at
all sure he was the man who wielded the
ax in Mr. Beiden'a doorway on Saturday
night.
"We have not landed anything that can
solve that affair," said Detective Hodg
kins to-night. "It is a plausible theory
that Cheesman may be the man we want,
but I am not inclined to let it i-est at that.
There are many reasons why it might not
have been Cheesman. It hardly seems
reasonable that robbery could have been
the object, for no robber would attempt
such clumsy work. Had murder by a nor
mally minded man been the purpose it
would appear that he would have engaged
Mr P.elden In conversation and then have
■■ struck the blow that might have been
fatal. It certainly appears like the act of
a lunatic unless there is something be
hind It of which we are not aware."
VISITED THE OLYMPIC CLUE.
Informal Reception to the Officers of
the Argentine Training Ship.
The Olympic ciub gave an informal re
ception last night to the officers of the
Argentine training ship Presidcnte Sar
miento, now in the harbor. Altogether
there were thirty young officers, including
the captain, Signor Onofre Betbeder. W.
I Y. Loalza, the local Consul representing
the Argentine Republic, escorted the visi
tors throughout the club.
Under the direction of John Hammer
■ smith an Impromptu athletic and gymnas
] titc programme was prepared. Billy Man
ning and Ed Leonard Interpreted light
fistic art for the naval students in a bout
. that wan of the most polite order. On
i the mat George Mlehling had some of his
i star pupils tug and tussle to the great
: amusement of the spectators, some of
i whom bad never seen catch-as-catchrcan
wrestling. Professor Tronchet with his
beat pupils gave a fencing exhibition, and
Bob Leandro puts his most apt and
clever gymnasts through their most spec
tacular feats.
The foreign visitors were much im
\ pressed and marveled at tne thorough
I equipment of the club.
CANNON WILL BOOM.
Many Salutes Will Be Fired on
Bunker Hill Day.
Cannon will boom on next Saturday,
June 17, the one-hundred and twenty
fourth anniversary of the battle of
Bunker Hill. In response to a request
1 made by William G. Badger, president of
i the Joint committee of the Bunker Hill
I Association, Sons of the American Revo
lution and Society of California Pioneers,
! under whose auspices the celebration will
• take place at Sunset Park, he has receiv
ed the following announcement from De
partment Headquarters, U. S. A.:
A salute of twenty-one tuna will be fired
from each of the forts named below at mid
| day on Saturday, the 17th lnst.. in honor of the
1 patriots who fell In the action at Bunker Hill,
Mass., on the 17th of June, 1775: Alcatraz Isl
and, from the flf teen-Inch guns; Fort Baker,
from the teen-inch guns ; Fort t Mason, ■ from
the eight-Inch converted, rifles; the .Presidio of,
- JjSan Francisco. - /roip j ftftee .jnch_sun3 t • ■•
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALI,, TUESDAY. JUNE 13,, 1899.
WELLS-FARGO
MEETS WITH
A SETBACK
May Yet Have to Pay
Its War Tax.
ATTORNEY GENERAL WINS
STATE COURTS MUST PASS ON"
TEST CASE.
- -
Judge Morrow Grants Ford's Motion
to Send It Back Despite the
Efforts of Defendant's
Counsel.
"vV>lls-Fargo's Express Company re
ceived a material setback in its persistent
efforts to evade its share of the burden
imposed by the war revenue tax and
: shoulder it upon its patrons when Judge
Morrow of the United States Circuit Court
ordered the hearing of the case instituted
by former Attorney General Fitzgerald
: back to the State courts for hearing.
The facts of the case are these: A few
months prior to his retirement from office
; Attorney General Fitzgerald caused to be
tendered Wells, Fargo & Co. in this city
a package for shipment to Sacramento,
I the expressage on which amounted to 25
I cents. That sum was proffered together
with the parcel, but the company's agents
\ refused to accept it without the payment
I of 1 cent additional to cover the revenue
tariff. In October last the Attorney Gen
i eral applied to the State Supreme Court
■ for a writ of mandate commanding the
i company to ship the package without de
manding 1 payment of the 1 cent additional.
j The Supreme Court, however, held that
; it could not take cognizance of the matter
'. : and the Attorney General then went be
| fore the Superior Court of this city and
■ ; secured the issuance of an alternative
: writ ordering the express company to for
', ', ward the package or show just cause why
[ ; it should not be compelled to.
; Before the time set for the hearing of
• j the order the express company. Instead of
: appearing, tiled an answer and a petition
' I asking to have the .matter transferred to
The United States a Power for Good.
A distinguished historian writes, while re
ferring to this nation's advent as a colonizing
power, that we represent the "century's polit
ical conscience," and that our influence for
good over European spheres will be Immense.
This result was Just as inevitable as is the
cure which follows the use of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, the great remedy which Is
fr,und in every home and drug .store through
out the country. It cures indigestion, constipa
tion, overworked kidney and liver, allays nerv
ousness, and tones up the whole y.ystt-m.
; Reecham's Pills ■
: CURE SIOK HEADACHE -
' and act like magic on a weak
, stomach and disordered liver. -':. '£4
. 10 cents and 25 cents, at all drag stores. . V-: -
K-A-A AA. »*»*■-. A 'A A A A* A A A A A A A A /
knitJtingco.
103 POST ST., HEAR KEARNY, S.F.
§Buy From Headquarters.
BATHING
Alpaca and QUITO
Knitted OUIIO
Sweaters, Jerseys, Etc,
We knit to order
UNDERWEAR
In Silk, Wool and Linen
. — '— ™* . . . * Mesh. .
.l j Eea^ fgr Illustrated, Catalogue. Free. ■ '
the United States Circuit Court on two
grounds— first that the State court was
disqualified because the Attorney General
waa a resident of this State, -while wells,
Fargo & Co. was a Colorado concern; and
second, because a Federal question was
Involved.
That was the status of the case when
Tirey L. Ford succeeded Fitzgerald as
Attorney General. As soon as Mr. Ford ,
could examine into the case he found ;
that although it had been transferred to
the Circuit Court the record had not been !
transmitted. Mr. Ford finally secured the |
transfer of the record, and as soon as this |
was done he moved to have the case !
transferred to the State court. This mo
tion was filed in April, and it would have
been heard on May 1, but that day was a
legal holiday, and Judge Morrow did not ;
call the law and motion calendar again
until June 5. At that time the counsel for
Wells, Fargo & Co. asked to have the j
hearing go over for a week, and the re- j
quest was granted.
When it came up for hearing yesterday ;
jy&lH^"" "_-"" ■^r_-Sr'____-__I "^^^^Z " '_L-^e*
When requested, the Besorta mentioned In this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching 1 them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. .Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses i
and Ponies. OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician In attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mount-in scenery; trout, deer and
small .game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet. |
Reached by the shortest stage route Into LaKe
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco j
via Hopland, $8; via Callstopta, $9.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
S. P. R. R to Callstoga. For Illustrated pam- ,
phlet or further information address J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Lake County, Cal., or see
L D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery St.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth j
and Webster sts.. Oakland. '~~~, '
A-HRENS, PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post st., San Francisco. |
IAYWARDS7!
.- ■ ■ • IF YOU • • '
r I Are seeking for a de- -
s{££^*^ • ' llghtful and healthful
J -^j?3niTVi j^[ ■ resort for the summer
f*FC^jsieir3CTsrry months for your family,
,-I^strraT k^'sffiflf town but that you from
i-r-Tini Fay rffii%lff town but that you can
*• -ft. *^=fe~"^*''*~j he with them without
" neglecting your busi- j
ness. ■
If? YOU . • • • • Are i n search of a good
table and comfortable sleeping apartments
only r, hours' travel from Snn Francisco, with
half-hourly communication, day and evening;
If? IT IS . . m ' Your wish to confine
your Bummer's outing by a moderate outlay,
your attention is directed to • "■
Htywards P»rk, at the Terminus of the Oakland,
San Leandro and Eaywards Electric Railway.
oft IF YOU . - Are fond " tenting. : ■
here you will find a large number of commo- j
dious platforms arranged convenient to the
hotel dining room, on one of wWch you may ,
#--*rpct your Musical programme is rendered 1
A choice mu^lcnl programme Is rendered
pverv Sunday afternoon on the verandas of the ;
clubhouse. The cars of the company run
into the park. The monthly commutation rate ,
is only $5; room and board, t8 per week: board
for campers. $5 per week. Campers and room- |
ers have the same service from attendants.
Address MRS. DORA SHANE, Haywards
Club House. . .
SKAGGS'HOTSPRIHGS
Sonoma County: only 4H hour* from San !
Francisco and but » miles staging: waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath |
In State; swimming and boating: grand moun-
tain ecenery; good trout streams at door; pno-
toeraDher's room, telephone, telegraph, dally \
mill and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon ;
stages; rcund trip from San Francisco only
$ i 50 Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m or 3. J0 ;
i, m Terms $2 a day or $12 a week. Rsf-
«e™wB any guest of the past four yeart.
pVtronage constantly increasing-last year un-
precederited. J. F- MULGREW. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Bnminor.
Boats free to guest*. Fine fishing Excellent
table Clean beds and careful attention to
i patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
: rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
1 forest. The Id%al spot for families because it s
clean, no poison oak no pests. And pure a
I and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. < LEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
I this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water, direct from springs to
; bath tubs. •"-ly grounds, fishing and hunting. j
CrvFtal Spnt ■•■'■■ Accommodations and table ;
i flrst-class. 3. v & CO.. Props.
HOTEL MOUNT view,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY-; now open for guests. For terms
and, particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Mariri County, Cal. ■
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GATOS.
Just opened; new building; handsome furni-
ture- BO outside -rooms; .every; modern conven-
ience; electric bells and lighting: perfect sani-
tary plumbing.. Strictly first-class family and
commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
guests first consideration. Cuisine and service
unsurpassed. Commodious free sample room.
LTMAN H. TOLFREE, Proprietor.
v. MONTE .VISTA, . .
In the Sierra Nevada Mountains. ;■ Now open.
Come to the country • for the summer. . Low
rates. Send for or call at The Traveler office
for illustrated circulars. THOS. E. MORGAN,
Proprietor. Monte . Vista, Dutch Flat, Placer
County, Cal.
MENDENHALL SPRINGS.
Under new management; 2000 feet above sea;
stage connects with train at Livermore at 2:15
p. m:; 'fare from San Francisco, $2 25; rates,
$7 50 to $12 50 per week; half price for children
under 12 years old. For circulars address DR.
FRANK. PITT. Proprietor, Livermore, Cal. :
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
!■ the pamphlets of all principal-. California
Resorts for FREE- DISTRIBUTION., The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND... -.'..
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Eeswick. Slsklyou County,' Cal.) ..,•.;. '
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. S For particular* apply to ED-
BON BROS., Proprietors. r *■- : ;
Attorney General Ford argued that the
Federal "court had. no jurisdiction because
it was a mandamus proceeding and tne
Federal courts have- no jurisdiction ever
snch proceedings unless they he in , aia ,£ r
a jurisdiction previously acquired by tne
Federal courts. In this case the sole pur
pose waa to secure a writ of mandamus
commanding the defendant to forward the
package in question, and hence the writ
was an original writ and not in aid of
any other action or proceeding.
Counsel for defendant argued that the
facts disclosed by the petition did not
entitle the petitioner to a writ of man
date but rather to an injunction if any
thing and that the Federal court had
ample jurisdiction over injunction mat
ters. Counsel cited a long array of au
thorities, but failed to convince the court
of the correctness of his position. Ho
then asked for time to file a written' brief
and cite additional authorities, but to this
the Attorney General objected and the
court then remanded the cause to the
State court.
Hot Sulphur f
Plunge
Is one of the delights of Paso
Robles Hot Springs. A magnificent
bath house. 225x60 feet, costing
over $25,000 ; has two sections —
one side exclusvey for women. ?
, Competent men and women mas-
seurs in constant attendance. |
Water is valuable medicinal tonic.
Otto F. Never, '8^85? SSssW
Prop., Paso
Robles. Cal. JW ;'•"'•
City office, 636 11P|MH
Market st. jBEHsr
Fashionable
Vendome. ;
Refined and cultured people follow-
ing in fashion's lead find Hotel Ven-
dome a delightful resort. The large
music hall, with polished floors, is
often tlie scene of fashionable gather-
ings. Ths adjoining banquet room is
elegantly appointed and decorated
with exquisite taste.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager, :
San Jose, Cal.
R r m a son HOT SPRINGS. — This
UJIUn IVSI beautiful summer and
I HEIH 111 I I wl nter resort, now
I nillll VV owned and managed by
DR. J. PEKRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
150 miles Eouth of San Francisco. In the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
foes. Soda, sulphur and Iron Borings. Hot
plunge and tank baths; : delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel; - annex and cottages; good |
hunting and fishing: grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc- I
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others j
remaining more than one month. Tsalns daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
etase to Paralso.) Round trip. $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D., Pa- j
ralso Springs, or city office, 336 Gutter st.. S. F.
m^ BYRON HOT SPRINGS
]!s;.'. A -■ You can go as late
c^*^.i4S|tv as 5:30 p.m. Saturday
/"^cjr^ i\-Vj and be in yourofficeon
v s^jji- Monday morning by
«^vTßsnL'- * 8:45. A fine trip. Try
y**sß*%&^' it. Address
"*■% A. BETTENS, Mgp.
~4:<s4;»SJf{ Byron Hot Springs, Csl.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS. j
(Change of Management.) i
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
The li itel andepttages have been thoroughly!
renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc
The Table the best the market affords. The
Bathn refitted and — competent at- j
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks |
be.-iitlfleil. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains , !
ltave Third nnd Townsend sts.. S. F.. at 9 1
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs.
For illustrated pamphlets ' and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB- j
ERTSON. Gllroy Hot Springs, Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia. Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath; swimming-
pool, billiard?, shuffleboard, croquet and other !
games. Accommodations first-class; table good; !
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage
meets morning trains ->nd Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN; Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office, 912 Larkin st. :
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel: also In new cottages, Just
completed. ; ' "'!';> •!. ''\- 4 V-'
MRS. A. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERE.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen,
Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
6- room cottages; good boating, . fishing and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral ;
water tor all diseases In America; camping '■
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr. !
C. C. O'Donnell, 1021 1 < 8 Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco. ' |
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for I
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glen wood. Cal. j
. % ' BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner. * 'th one of the best
tables in the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round I
trip $9 60. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. .WILTON. Bertha, Lai*
County. Cal. - ..-,., ; . ....... ' ' . -
AGUA ; CALIEINTE SPRINGS,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from 8. F., via Tlb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. . "Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
12 per week, . $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
iiufc Springs, Aqua Callente, Sonoma. Co., Cal,
Attorney General Ford was greatly
*intP«? over Judge Morrow's decision. He
fill IZ eveoinl that just as soon as he
wtt thePiipcrs back from the
THE MACCABEES.
Golden West Tent Gives an Enter
tainment in Native Sons'
Hall.
Golden West Tent of the Knights .of the
Maccabees gave an' entertainment and i
dance in Native Sons' Hall last night
which was attended by about eight hun
dredpersons The programme printed l in j
fold and purple, had «£»"'*•££££
nir numbers, each of which was encorea
lifFlynn^ipecialties William J.^ynes;
"The Merry Bells," Miss Ji. \\a
ters; "Telephone to My Baby," vocal j
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band. . ■•....,
The Hotels Metropoie and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE. -;:
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring Bt.,
Los Angeles, Cal.. or call on G. W. THOMP-
SON, Agent. 621 Market St.. San Francisco.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street'
SAN FRANCISCO.
ffTMfi "\ Nice cozy cottages
IL i 1 irl I under the trees ; .
ODDIMnOi ; separate building,-
UrnlllUU' separate building.
Apply W. G. MITCHELL, Aetna Springs,
Nap? Co.. or J. H. SIMPSON, I. O. O. F.
building, S. F. . ■ ■
' "" ■ j
ONLY ONE VACATION
a year. Enjoy every minute of it !
You can not help but do so at SARA-
TOGA SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY
— the queen of. Summer . Resorts.
Rates : $8, $14 per week. ; •
J. MARTENS, Proprietor.
;-." City Office— Pine st.
The Place for /"I'D PU A DTV n th FOOT- i
REST and ORCHARD*™^
HEALTH SPRINGS '*£!!$&.
Plain. Quiet' Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water.
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Tear
Around Climate In California. '
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad. !
136 Miles from San Francisco. .>•■ f\
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal. .
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris,. Prop., Napa County, Cs.l. Bors
cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. Those
springs are located In Napa County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and .contains -its own natural g&a.
{Stage leaves St. Helens. ' ■ -.'
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL. ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate: picturesque scenery; >: mountain
walks; pure spring water: beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to, obtain comfort,
rest and health culture In a shdrt time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM, St. Helena. Cal.
n r p r e - TOCALOMA. MA £ IN
HERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations- reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
flrst floor. 68 Third St.. San Francisco.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage daily
from Callstoga direct to springs: round trip at
6outhern Pacific offices, »10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring. ' '
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the "Valley Road" route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS, Traffic Dept.,
' 321 Market St.. San Francisco.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. a. MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor. Cal. ,
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount
Veeder, 1100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim*
ming, bunting, ashing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. . JOHANNISBERO
KESORT, Oakvllle. Napa County, Cal. .
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, -bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. . Terms.
$7. . E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale. Cal.
Free carriage. . . . ... . . : .
HOTEL -BEINVENUE
And ' cottages, Lakeport. — Large ■ grounds;
new dancing pavilion, 80x40; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and ahuffleboard; swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES, Proprietors. . ■
solo, Gertrude Devine: coon special
ties, Miss Goldie Harris, and the m
comedian, C. W. UlKer Jr. There was a
brief interesting address by S. W. Hall,
State commander of the ord<>r. At the
, close of the programme there was dancing
1 until midnight. The chairman of the
1 evening was Luther Elkin^. commander
of Golden West Tent, and George L.
' Morgan, F. A. Seaman, A. G. Muller,
Frank X. Kast, C. W- I'ng.er Jr. and E.
\ Cohnreich were the committee on enter
tainment. Lem Morgan was the floor di
| rector.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by El
len Dorn against Samuel P. H. Dorn for
failure to provide; Jennie L. Gavigan
; Thomas P. Gavigan for Intem
perance; Grace L. Vanvalkenburgh
'. Hiram L. Vanvalkenburgh for
rtion; Annie L. Donovan, against
Charles F. P. Donovan for cruelty; An
nie E. Lindsay against John R. Lindsay
for cruelty.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all along the main
line, Sonoma and Guerneville branches of
the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco. -^
Glen Ellen Park and four miles along 1
Sonoma Creek, beautftully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guernevillo
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark "West Creek, which is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
for two miles, and good fishing. Man in
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guerneville, in the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, is
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men's Association, of Guernevllle, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will ">e
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell, proprietor of the livery stable at
Guerneville. representing the association,
will. meet all trains, and without charga
will show prospective campers the. various
locations.
■;t To and from all these points doubla
daily train service. ..-: -
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office. 650 Market st.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office, Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
~. General Manager. .. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thi* delightful watering place la located In
the midst of the Coast Range. ; .
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold | I
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral ]
water, fine «tone dining room : telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT.' LO-
. cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS. Chief Clerk.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
I magnesia springs;- baths; furnished cottages.
Terms. $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send,
for circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
• ■
BOC£\ HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
TRUCKEE RIVER; ..pleasant sunny rooms;
pure mountain air; free bo. ting on lake;
prices reasonable, $8 to $10 per week: special
rates for families. W. J. McDOX-.LD, Man-
ager.
rini en in- beautiful spot In Lak*
vAnL JDAU County. The mineral springs art
famous for marvelous cures when all elsa
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing an!
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carls-
bad. Lake County.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles 1 rom -'Cazadero. on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk: free conveyance for ' parties of two op
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview. Sonoma County, or . A
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F., for par-^
tieulars. ' ' f; '
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
Every day: $50 for 12 days from S. F. ; eight
days in valley. Information at the Traveler
Office, 20 Montgomery st. Tickets at the
Valley Road Office. 321 Market st.
LAUREL, DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL. - • ■*' -"• >■'.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; nona bet tee
In Lake Co. ; gaa Indoors and . out.
- H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY: 7:30 A. M. AND (
p. m. : stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
Montgomery Sulphur Springs.
. Natural hot mineral baths. Good country
board. Rates $6 and .$7 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY. Calistoga. Cal. ;
VOCFMITF San Francisco- to Chi-
■ VFOI_ITII I I— • nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsde-n & Co.'3 coaches 60 miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip . $32. Singla
fare, in either direction, $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 19 Montgomery st., San Francisco,
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch, 6 miles
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home In
the redwoods; running water; abundance of
fruit; good table; terms. $5 per week; children
under 10. $3. Address W. Cj* AN DELL, Santa
CniE, Cal.
OAK GROVE cottage, Saratoga; newly fur«^
nlshed; good table; Congress Springs wateriY
team for drives. Address box 6, Saratoga.
MANZANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or i
rooms, with board; . good accommodations at
Manzanita Villa. . ... .... • - '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 net year.DEATH THEIR SOLACE FOR LIFE'S ILLS.
EARTH TO THEM WAS
BITTER AND SORROWFUL
Alice Miller and Alice Marquet Seek a
Balm for Their Unrequited
Passion.
S^ IX unfortunates sought \
death yesterday as a
surcease for the trials
of life.
Unrequited love, marital
infelicity, despondency and
despair were the ills too
heavy to bear, and the bur
dens were laid down with
no regrets for the life they
were leaving by those who
sought solace in the Great
Unknown for the woes of
the turmoil of existence.
THE FONT, OF PARTING.
When I am on my he.l of sickness,
When I am nn my bed of rain.
I^.-urn to thns» mournful raindrops,
I know you'll me to me ae-ain.
CHORUS:
iin and leive me if you wish tn;
Never let me- rross your mind.
If >ou think I am not worthy
I-*a\p me here and never mind.
I uill Bend you hack your letters;
The rl^t'ire. tr-o. I loved fo well.
We shall meet as perfect strangers.
For I can never say farewell.
CHORUS:
Go. and when you rind another
Cast one lonely thought of me.
Think of one you onoe loved dearly.
And who would have died for thee.
GOOD-BT.
ALICE. HARRY
The pangs of misprized love, feeding
upon a disposition prone to melancholia,
drove Alice L. Miller, a domestic in the
employ of Mrs. Hannah Ross, to an early
suicidal death. Returning late Sunday
night after a day's surcease from work.
Miss Miller retired to her room at 426*4
Grove street, and ended her nineteen
y*ars of life by turning on a gas jet. She
was weary of the disappointments that
come from a one-sided love affair and de
libf-rately determined to end all.
Many letters written by the love
wracked girl and found in her room ex
pose the secret reason of her taking off.
The man back of it is Harry Kelly, a car
conductor on the Fillmore-street line, who
had known Miss Miller for the last six
months. About a month ago their friend
ship was brought to a sudden end. Since
The Fair Suicide and the Mm Who Rejected Her.
that time the deceased spoke repeatedly
of «the shallows of life and her desire to
•"fee herself from its burden.
"he body of the suicide was discovered
terday morning by Mrs. Ross. As she
a knocking at Miss Miller's door to
, aken her she smelled the heavy, nau
. eating odor of gas. Calling her husband
;;t the same time she entered the room.
Stretched out on the floor, her face rest
ing on the carpet, was the body of the
domestic whom Mrs. Rosa had Intended
10 summon to her work. The young girl
was completely dressed, with the excep
tion of her shoes, which were lying on the
floor. The tip of the gas jet had been re
moved and the gas wan buzzing full force
when the. Rosses entered the room.
It was a very late hour Sunday when
Miss Miller returned to her home. She
had been gone the entire day and the fact
that she was out after 11 o'clock was no
ticed by Mrs. Ross. At midnight Mrs.
Ross saw the light burning in her ser
vant's room and she went In there to
speak with her. The latter was sitting on
the edge of the bed. writing a letter. To
Mrs. Ross she made complaint of the bit
terness of life and said she did not care to j
live. She burst into tears and confessed I
that it was all over with her hopeful af- i
fection for Harry Kelly. According to her j
story she had met Kelly ttiat afternoon
and ■■.ilkrd ■with him on the street. On
her l<-rom she wore a pin m which was
lilfi picture. He asked her for it, but she
refused to give it up. He obtained mok
session of the picture, however, and it Is I
this incident which she refers to in the
last letter she wrote. It is as follows:
Dear Harry: I parted with you. but you |
know that i said I would not part with :
your picture only In death
You can blame yourself for the Rood-by.
You have no right to take that pin.
Harry Kelly, when seen yesterday, was
at his post, tallying fares. "She always
said she- didn't care to live," he said. "I
hav^ known her about six months, but
have had nothing to do with her for the
lrst month or more. I feared ' that she
| was not thoroughly sane, so 1 left her.
Fes, I suppose she was In love with me."
Kelly admits that he met the deceased a
: few days ago.
The letters written at various times
: within the last month disclose a deliber
ate Intention to end her earthly existence.
i The following was evidently penned after
the quarrel:
Forpive me
SAN FRANCISCO. May, •?<>.
Dearest Sweetheart Harry: I thought I
would writ* you this letter for the last
you will ever receive from me for when
you tret It I will be sleeping my list sleep.
Well, Harry. I loved you. and from you I
could never part. . You know I told you that
I would never live to love another If we
ever parted and I have waited In vain to
see you till I could wait no longer. There
Is one thine I can say, 1 am not dying
happy without seeing- you. Well. If I don't
see you I have your picture on my dress. I
have been nad as lone as I could stand it.
so 1 thought it about time to end it all.
Bo good-bye, love, and forgive me for what
I done.
I wish you all the luck In the world.
lAst love and kisses.
Fare, Well, For. Ever. ALICE M.
Your picture I want buried with me. and
Harry, I want you to give me the last
kIFF. Sorry. Sorry.
My love for you tune: could never tell my
heart was true.
And you know I could never let you go
to the country away from me
The following letter is to Mrs. Ross, In
whose home deceased was employed:
Pear Mrs. Ross: I have now about time
tO Write you this last letter.
Well. 1 am about to die. so good-bye.
I loved Harry too dearly to live without
him and you know I did Well. I thank you
for your kindness to me and wish you luck.
'• i ••"■ Good-bye.
On the back of an unaddreseed letter
the -writer asks for information about a
brother who is spoken of as an inmate
in an asylum. Miss Miller has several
aunts and uncles living In this city.
LIFE HELD NO
JOYS FOR HER.
OAKLAND, June 12.— After frequent
threats that she would commit suicide
and while in a fit of despondency over im
apinary love troubles. Miss Alien Marquet.
aped 19 years, this morning swallowed two
ounces of carbolic acid to make good her
threats and end her troubles.
The young woman had been residing at
the residence of her uncle, Captain .1
Morrison, 65S Jackson street, acting as his
housekeeper, for the past six years, while
her mother. Mrs. Campania. lives at
Temescal. She had not been in tin- best
of health for the past few days, suffering
considerably from headaches.
Shortly before S o'clock Miss Marquet
left her home to secure postage stamps
for two letters she had just previously
written. One of these letters whs ad
dressed to Harry Troy, a saloon-keeper
on Battery street. San Francisco, with
whom she had been keeping company. It
is presumed that she also secured the
poison at a neighboring drugstore and on
returning to her homo she. Immediately
quaffed the deadly stuff and sank down
on the bark stairs, where her groans at
tracted the attention of her friend, Miss
Mildred Herspring of 21ft Second street.
who had just called. Horror-stricken,
Herspring asked her friend what
sh.e had dune. "This Is my last act "
answered the dying young woman
"Please send for mother." Then her head
dropped and she became unconscious.
Miss Marquet was promptly removed to
the Reviving Hospital, where Dr. Strat
lon and Steward Borchert applied the
stomach pump and relieved her of about
two ounce? of pure carbolic acid. Anti
dotes were immediately applied and dur
ing the afternoon the hospital physician
expressed some hopes that her life' might
be saved. Her lips, mouth and throat are
terriMy burned.
It is supposed by some that Miss Mar
rjuet's rash act was prompted through
disappointment in a love affair. Neigh
bors, however, believe that nervous head
aches nearly drove her marl mid that she
did not know what she whs doing. Yet
according to a statement by her Bister!
who called at the luispit.il later in the
day. Alice had frequently threatened to
end her life.
A man. supposed to be Harry Troy but
who emphatically declined to disclose his
name, also railed at the hospital. He
stated that he .had been in the girls com
pany on Sunday afternoon and at tlmt
time she was in pood spirits. "We had no
quarrels that 1 can think of," said the
stranger, "but Alice said a week ago that
Bhe Was tired of life and would sonic day
take a dose that would kill her. She
Claimed she had been disappointed once.
but 1 did not learn what about. Her uncle
always treated her kindly— more 80, In
fact, than did her parents."
Mrs. Campania the girl's mother, la
said to be a laundress and her stepfather
a traveling tinsmith.
At a" late hour to-night Miss Marquets'
condltlou Improved slightly and the physi
1 li±, f\A.IN J^ KAJM UIJMJU U-AXiLi, TUHSWAI, fj
HIS WIFE WAS SICK
AND HE SHOT HIMSELF
F. J. Locher Sent a Revolver Bullet
Through His Brain Rather
Than See His Wife Die.
I m J. LOCHER, cutter for Samuel Bernstein, tailor at 115 Slitter street,
0 m— committed suicide yesterday morning in the rear of his employer's
i ■"" shop by sending a revolver bullet Into his brain.
£ I 9 Locher was not a drinking man, but he had been despondent for
I .several days preceding his death because of his wife's serious illness.
j A He planned his suicide very deliberately, procuring a cheap
| Springfield five-shooter of 30 caliber of the patent of 1855. Then, in order to
£ make pure of his aim, he seated himself in a chair in front of three full
| length mirrors used by the patrons of the establishment, one on each side,
© and one In front, and placing the muzzle of the revolver against his right
| temple, sent a bullet Into his brain. .J'i." i
0 A few minutes later S. B. Ryan, a patron of the establishment, entered
t the shop and saw the dead body of 1.. cher lying face downward on the floor
© with the Mood oozing from the wound in his temple.
1 The deceased resided with his wife at 905 Treat avenue. He . had two
© sons, both being In the French army. He was a Past Master Workman of
1 Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W. The body was taken to the Morgue and
C an inquest, will be held at 10 o'clock this morning.
I ■ ■- '; ; ' ; : .--■"-*. '.:' ''• -■-"."■■-■;.. .-" "-V." ' ■'"■■'
»-•-•-• »•••»•• •-•-•-• • • •
clans expressed the belief that she mißht
reci ivcr.
SHOT TO END
LIFE AND WOE
A family row between Frank Perry and
his wife at 107 Guerrero street last even
ins, in which Perry slappr-d his wife's
face and afterward attempted to take his
own life, was the cause Of nuite a rnm
motion in that ran of the Mission.
The first information which led to trou
ble in the household of Perry came
through the Mimmonine,' of a physician
t<. attend a man who was shot. Police
Officer C. .1. Joseph, while patrolling his
heat on Market street, had heard of the
Bhooting and proceeded t" investigate the
cause, accompanied by officer 11. L. Fdl
som. Mrs. Perry told them that she had
trouble with her husband upstairs ami he
struck her in the face and then picked up
a pistol and tired at his heart.
William Van Valkenburg, the father-in
law of Perry, claimed to he in the yard
cuttinp wood when the shooting occurred,
•while Mrs. Van ValkenburK cave another
version of the affair, hut slated thai the
young couple had some trouble upstairs
when the shot was tired.
Acting Lieutenani Eiagarty of the Sev
enteenth street station, on hems informed
of the circumstances, directed Offlc< ra
Joseph and Folsom to go hack to the
house and insist on seeing- Perry and
learn from him how the shooting oc
curred. This they did. with the result
that he said "it was all an accident."
Perry is a younp: man aged about 25
years and until recently he was employ
ed In a rubber factory, while Van Valk
enburg is employed at the Great Eastern
Milk Company.
From what Information could he col
lected the wound is not necessarily fatal.
TURNED ON THE GAS.
An unknown laboring man about thirty
years of ape encased a room in the Sara
toga House, US Sixth street. Sunday aft
ernoon. He went to the theater that
ni^ht and yesterday morning was found
unconscious in his room with the khs,
turned on He was taken to the Receiv-
InK Hospital, where he is in a critical
condition.
GENERAL YOUNG ARRIVES.
Won Distinction for Deeds of Valor in
the War.
Major General S. M. B. Young and staff
arrived in this city yesterday morning on
the Portland train. They came from the
East and will depart for Manila on the
next transport. General Young com
manded the Second Cavalry Brigade of
Wheeler's division at Santiago and fought
i.i the battle at Las Quasimas. His last
command was of the Second Army Corps
at Augusta, Oa. is well known in San
General Young Is well known in San
•Francisco, having been stationed at the
Presidio for almost two years. \\ hile
here he will be entertained by the Cosmos
Club. Loyal Legion and many other or
ganizations, as well as individuals Gen
eral Young is accompanied by his aids.
lieutenant W. R. Smedberg. Fourth Cav
alry. who is a son of Colonel Smedberg
of this city, and Lieutenant 11. P. How
ard, Third" Cavalry.^
Indignant Mechanics
The San Francisco Labor Council and
Building Trades' Council will hold a nig
indignation meeting at Metropolitan Tem
pi, to-morrow night to protest against
"the wanton brutality of the military au
thorities toward the citizens of Wardner,
Idaho," which is yet under martial law.
Many of the branches of the organisa
tions will march to the hall in- a body.
Among the (speakers will be James (.. Ma
guire. He,,ry E. HJghton, P. If. McCarthy
and A. R. Andre-.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur rapes, cloaks
Credit M KothßChlld.^324 Post at.
__ . ♦ ■ •
Hurt in a Collision.
John Adams, a well-known builder and
contractor, residing at 716 Haighf street.
was injured shortly after 6 o'clock last
evening in a collision between his buggy
and that of A. Straaaer, a dealer in poul
try. The accident occurred at the corner
of Polk street and Golden Gate avenue.
The Impact of tiv vehicles was so sudden
that Mr. Adams was thrown to the ground
and sustained injuries that necessitated
sending him to the hospital. On his ar
rival tlvre the doctor in charge found a
nasty scalp wound. The buggy was dam
:i. Ed in the collision.
Missionites Hold a Meeting.
At a meeting of the Mission business
men last night it was decided to call a
mass meeting at an early late for the
purpose of obtaining an expression on the
repaying of Valencia street with bitumen
from Market to Twenty-sixth streets.
'In make final arrangements for this
mass meeting a committee consisting of
Secretary E. S. Harrison. G. Golden and
Eugene McCoy was appointed with full
power to act.
It is the intention of the committee to
invite Mayor Phelan and F. W. I>ohr
mann, president of the Merchants" Asso
ciation, to the meeting and have them to
make short addresses pointing out the
necessity of repaying the street.
The vacancy in the presidency was filled
by the election of Fred Wai'bel. aitd a
second vice president was added by elect
ing W. A. C. Smith. This leaves the as
sociation with a president and two vice
presidents, Eugene McCoy having been
elected tirst vice president at the organi
zation of the board of directors.
Neill and McConnell Matched.
Al Neill ami Frank McConnell have \
been matched to box twenty rounds be
fore the National Club July 26. The men
boxed a draw some months ago. Since
then Neill has defeated Tom Treacy and
OJeorge Green, while McConnell secured
a decision over Billy Gallagher in Los I
Angeles. The men have been guaranteed
8 purse of 13500. Both pugilists have a |
strong following here, so the match is
expected to prove an attractive one.
I FEELS LIKE A NEW MAN. J
t. . —
I / \ Dr. McLan^ llinls Electric Belt :
+ W v^*^L^\\i/ Mates a Remarkable Cure '
1 in Two _ MoDtlls - •
f^k.//8r 1!l_ ? * He fllled hl " nervea wlt th» ;
wbLjJr : / . J3%_ , -Ti _£■I 1 ■ "Y^iifll N r * of life every night for two
4- 9^tytf^J^^K>''-^T^p >^ < >'^^^m months, gradually building up his
:^x^'- :: ?C^WiRiB vitality. Every day he grew
4- iHOT^'lC^ ~"#**^llK stronger, and now .he Is full of
S) <iS ? * :ja^PC^frl^ youth, full of energy, a strong
♦• vv^'^'^'TlT^V^nv' V and vlgrorous man. ' - •
® . /'fff Read What He Says :
® .\ '"':' SlOTravlUa, CsJ.
▼" DR. M. A. McLAUOHLIN — Bir: Blnoe commencing the use of your ;■ Belt
® I have noticed a gradual Improvement, and to-day can say that I am completely
a. cured, and heartier and stronger than I have been for years; In fact, I feel like
X a new person: and, judging from my experience with your Belt," believe It will do all
>{/ you claim. During the past several winters I had been troubled with sickness, hut
| X- this winter I have been free of I.. I have advised several parties up here to try
i ® your Belt, and they have done so with success. Hoping you will have aa good sue-
I*■ cess In every cas» as you have had In mine, I remain, yours very truly,
1g) ALFRED B. HAMLIN. (
I DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
i ® It Is grand' to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are weak
T Dr. MeLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you strong;
®_ It will steady your nerves and check all waste of power in thirty days.
! X It Is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever the cause. Call and test
|Sr this . wonderful Belt. See what It ha* don? for others— lo,ooo cures. Try
jfa Dr. McLaughlln'a Electric Belt if you are weak. If you can't call send
i X • for Dr. McLaugblin's famous book, "Three Classes of Men/ which is
() free. Call or write to-day. Do not put it off. Address
% T\w M A M^T n ,,n,Li: M 701 M»rk«t St., cor. Ke»ray. 8. T.:
I Dr. M. A. McLaugniin, irt, B k .i.r r " pring •** ■""'
4- Offlca Hoar*— t a.m. to 1:10 p.m.; Sunday*. Mto 1 NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
!-'-': . -.--. ■-- ■.■■■-- ■ Oi .-i, 1 ."-^ ■«.-•■■:-'-■. ■- :■: • . . . . .■-■■* ■...-. t
UJN-Ei 13; l»»y.
ENDS LIFE
BY POISON
Susie Hauck Takes
Carbolic Acid
and Dies.
MRS. ST'RIE HAUCK, a dressmaker
about 35 years old, committed sui
cide by swallowing a dose of car
bolic acid some time yesterday at
25] Octavia street. She was alone in tht
house at the time and the fact of the sui
cide was not known until about 8 o'clock
last ni?ht, when T. F. Holz, a roomer in
the house, returned and found the body
of his landlady half reclining on a little
cot in a rear room. A strong odor of acid
pervaded the apartm?nt and a wineglass
lying on the floor by the side of the cot
still held a drop or two of the poison. A
two-ounce bottle containing half an ounce
of the acid stood on the sewing machine
near by.
On a table in the kitchen were a few
fragments of a letter which the woman
had written and then destroyed. The let
ter was unfinished. It read:
"Love, do not feel broken-hearted. Mv
father died for me and I die for my boy."
An envelope had also been addressed -to
Mrs. Eisett, Hayes street, near Lagunu,
and then destroyed.
The dead woman was the wife of Peter
Haiick, an ex-policeman, but the couple
separated about a year ago and since that
time Mrs. Haucfc has been earning a liv
ing for herself and her 13-year-old bo.y
working as a domestic. About three
weeks ago Holz, who had known her for
some time, furnished the Octavla-street
house for her and she started in business
as a dressmaker, yesterday morning i-hc
was feeling downcast and told Holz i hut
when she thought of her past she felt like
taking her life. He urged her not to gel
discouraged, and wh>n h>' left her she ap
peared to have recovered her spirits arid
he had no idea she would put her implied
threat into execution. But she had evi
dently begun preparations to put an end
to her troubles almost immediately, for
when he nHurncd at night she had been
dead for several hours.
Holz at once notified the police and the
Coroner's office and the body was remov
ed to the Morgue. BTolz was taken to the
City Prison and detained as a witness.
Mrs. Hauck is said to have been well con
nected in the Bast, but, so far as known,
had no relatives on the coast. Her son
is boarding with friends in this city. The
inquest will be held to-day.
TROTTING STAKES FILL.
An Excellent Entry for Four Races
to Be Run in Los Angeles on
the State Circuit.
Four stake races of District Agricul
tural Association No. 6, with headquarters
at Los Angeles, closed on the Ist inst. All
attracted unusually large fields, which is
an Indication of the interest taken in
! trotting this season. The complete entry
follows: V: ;■ 1
The 2:15 trot— Ch. h. Thompson, .1. B. Bon
j nitti, Santa Maria; hlk. f. Neprata, George W.
' Ford, Santa Ana: b. g. Jib Albert, C. I. Grif
fith. San Francisco; b. h. Osito, I. H. Mulhol
land. Independence; bile* m. Stella, W. D.
Nichols, Sacramento; br. g. Dr. Frasse, Ven
dome Stock Farm, San Jose; b. m, Llsterine,
Charles E. Clark, Fresno: hr. m. Sup. Charles
E. Clark, Fresno; b. m. Alix 15, M. Salisbury,
; Pleasanton; b. g. Birdcatcher, M. Salisbury,
! Pleasanton: b. h. George W. McKlnney, P. W.
■ Hjdges, Los Angeles; b. c. Ellen, B. 0 Van
. Bokkelen. San Jose; br. h. Aggregate, B. O.
. Van .kkPlpn. San Jose; h. m. Phoebe Child
pis. T. E. Keating, Pleasanton: b. m. Venus
11, T. E. Keating. Pleasanton; eh. m. Dolllcan,
J. L.. Smith. Vallejo.
Green trot— Ch. f. Psyche, G. \V. Berry, San
Jose; blk. g. El Moro, F. Menchaca, Santa liar
bara; br. s Boodler, Vendome Stock Farm.
San Jose: br. h. Prince Neer. .1 B. Iverson,
Salinas; br. m. Sue, Charles E. Clark, Fresno;
b. m. Listerine, Charles E. Clark, Fresno; b. m.
Bertha 11. Rosedale Stock Farm, Santa Rosa.: b,
m. Aliv B. M. Salisbury, I'leasanton; el), m.
Lady Salisbury, M. Salisbury, Pleasanton; br.
h. Aggregate, B. O. Van Uokkelen, San Jose;
b. m. Venus 11. T. E. Keating, Pleasanton; b.
f. Ruby. J. la. Smith, Vallejo.
2:15 pace— Br. h. Stanford, Burgess A- Smith.
! Sacramento; blk. m. Belle \V. G. Tempe. San
Francisco; b, c. Harry Raymon, C. A. Owen,
Fresno; b. g. Montldto Boy, F. Menchaca,
Santa Barbara; eh. m. Annie Rooney, C. l».
Jeffries, Pleasanton; b. m. Fanny Putnam. C.
D. Jeffries, Pleasanton; b. j?. Prince Bismarck,
S. V. Barotow, San Jose: eh. h. Diawood. O.
.1. Holmes, Sacramento; br. h. Al Marlon, O.
J. Holmes. Sacramento; blk. m. Sophia H. J.
S. Mabln. LOB Angeles; h. h. Don. F. G. Craw
i ford, Willows; eh. f. Dictatress. J. B. Iverson,
Salinas: eh. m. Ethel C, F. Cummlngs, Ala
meda; blk. m. Lolita, T. E. Keating, Pleas
-1 anton; b. g. Coney, T. E. Keating, Pleas
anton.
Green pace— Br. m. Elects Wood, W. W.
Howard, I^ c Ansrelps: blk. h. Hey Direct,
George A. Davis. Pleasanton; b. c. Harry Ray
mon, ■C. A. Owen, Fresno; br. b. Al Marion,
O. J. Holmes, Sacramento; h. g. Albert. W. D.
Nichols Sacramento: eh. g. Diagonal. Vendome
' Stock Farm. San Jose; br. h. Alta Rio, George
E Shaw. Holllster; b. m. Myrtha Whips,
George E. Shaw. BTolKster; b. p. Coney, T. E.
Keating. Pleasanton; eh. h. Gaff Topsajl, J. L.
Smith, Vallejo.
1 Ticket? for Monterey Excursion Thurs
day June 16th, at Y. M. C. A. Building,
$:; 50, leaving Third and Townsend streets
7 a. m. *
FOR, LICENSE COLLECTOR.
Commissioners Meet and Take Three
Ballots, but Fail to Make a
Selection.
Mayor Fhelan, Auditor "Wells and
Treasurer Truman mot yesterday morn
ins for the purpose of electing a License
Collector to succeed Theodore F. Bonnet,
the incumbent; but after taking
three ballots without arriving at a choice
they adjourned to meet again to-day.
Auditor Wells voted for William Z. Tiff
any, Treasurer Truman cast his ballot for
Frederick W. Lees and the Mayor voted
for Bonnet.
It is expected that at the meeting to
day Lees will be elected, as it is known
that he has received assurances that his
election would be confirmed by all the
Republican members of the Board of Su
pervisors. So far Auditor Wells has
kept his promise to the public that ho
would vote for a business man for the
place.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
BHHHBHBBBEEHBHEHaSEaSSEBSaHHEBB-iaaaSEaaEHBHZIE
WA J. ML v/i '^tjrj''^^^-j^j^^ a. aTlAillw
f
DRY GOODS COMPANY. I
c
. . . g
EXTRA SPECIAL SALE OF B
.•■■ . . a
i
AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. S
B
A Timely Opportunity to Complete Your Vacation Outfit. g
1
TAILOR MADE PIQUE SUITS, SKIRT AND JACKKT. white CM fl 00 1
• trimmed with Baby Blue or Navy Stripes tJ>I\J.\JVJ |
Former Price 558.50. I
• <£9 7S B
DUCK SUITS— in Polka Dots and Fine Stripes '. <J>£. I_• |
• g
EXTRA HEAVY WHITE. TAN AND BABY BLUE PIQUE JDQ Kft |
SUlTS.— Skirt and Jacket trimmed with embroidery Insertion... "PO»ww _
. . ■ • ■ B
An extensive variety of exclusive styles in Pique Suits especially •imported |
for the City of Paris will be offered at cost price during the sale. B
ALL SEPARATISTS IN PIQUE. DUCK AND LINEN GREATLY RE- |
IiIVKH ALL OBGANDIE DRESSES REDUCED
TO COST PRICE. g
We will fit you out in a manner and at a price which will fncrease the en- |
joyment of your Summer Outing. •.
' • STOCK IS VERY LIMITED. DO NOT DELAY. |
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY EXECUTED. SEND MEASURES. ' . . J
— • B
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, i
S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisi?. • I
UNION SQUARE. |
AvoidLassltude
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Body, Brain and Nerve Toni:
ALL DRUGGISTS. AVOID SUBSTITUTES.
Portraits and endorsements sent postpaid.
MARIANI& CO., 52 W. 15TH ST.. NEW YORK.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. \
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
1 WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35» :
! *:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
: at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3.30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 3:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40. 6:0 i»
6.25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
! Itme schedule as above.
1 . ■ '- ,
- L«ftve ....... Arrive •
I Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April IS.
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
: 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm| 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 ara
5:10 pin 6:00 pm Santa K»MU 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
I 1:80 am "Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Oloverdale, 7:36 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and . 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm |
; 7:80 am - 10:25 am ;
8:00 am auernevllle. 7:36 pra
I 1:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 5:60 pm Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pm 6:20 pm :
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:80 pm| 5:00 pm I 7:35 pmi 6:20 pm ;
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springe and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs at Geyservllle for Skaggs ,
I Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop. !
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
i Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
-1 port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
i Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
i Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, |
! Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle.
1 Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda. Springs,
j Navarro, Whitesbor'o, Albion. Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoelno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, U«al, Willltts, Laytonville, Cum- [
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. ,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
B C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
A Superb Train
; EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
♦^^Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERJL
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLT m DAYS TO CHICAGO.
t^sjTfs San Francisco dally at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
Mo. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
__^
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
r EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN |
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED I
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE j
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
I MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
: DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN I
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT '
! REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
! RATES.
I NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
CEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
. SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 628 j
I MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
• OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway. ''..— —i"
I SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street. •
I .SAN JOSE OFFICE, 1 W. Santa Claxa street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
s«i tiii;r> PACIFIC «o.i!p.*.\t.
(rAciriu HTHTKM.)
Trains I<*kv« »ml arc «lnc 10 nrrlT« nl
SAN riUNCIMCO.
(Main Line, Foot, of Market Street)
leave — Fr.ou Juke 1, 1839. — ARTtIVB
7:OOa Benicia, fiiiisun and Sacramento.... 5:43r
?:OOa. MarysTille, Oro»illeand Iledding via
Woodland »:«P
7 :OO a Elmira, Vacaville and Eumsey 8:43p
7:H»a Martinez, San ßaraou, Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatbga aud Santa- Rosa oilsp
8:00 a Atlautic ExpreES, Ogdeu and Kaßt.. B«4r»p
H::io.\ San .lose. . Livermore, Stockton,
' love, Sacramento, Placeirille,
MarysTilK Chico. Ued 81uff..."... 4ilsi-
S:3oa "Mi.ton, OakiUlc and .--'onora 4:l.'»p
O:00.\ Haywards. Niles and Way Stations. 1 1 :45a
9:OUa. Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Mcrc.-dand Freeno 12:13p
D:<m>a Fresno, t.-:.-.-'. I. .Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Dcming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:45p
10:0Oa Valli-Jo. Martinez and Wey Stations 7: 15p
1 1:00 a Havwards. Niks and Way Stations. 2:45p
. 12:00 m Nilea, Liverraore, Stockton, Sacra-
- mento, Mendota, Ilanford, Visalia, -
Pcrterrille 4 : 1 » p
"l:0Op Sacramento ltiTcrStenmers •S:))Op
3:00p Hay\Tards, Niles and Way Stations. i»:4sp
4:»Oi» Martinez, Kan Itnmoii, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Suntu Rosa Uilf»*
4:OOp Benicia. Vacaville, Sacramento,
Wood and, Kulghts Landtag,
MarysTille, Orovillo 1O:4(Ja
4:S<»p Niles, San Josoaud Stockton 7:1.1p
4:30p ynscmito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15r
3:OOpTbo Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, Baugus for Santa Barbara,
Los Acgcles 0:48
S:8Op Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13p
3:30p Martinez, Tracy, Meudota, Fresno,
Mojavo and i,os Angeles 8:43 a
3:3<>p Snnta I'd Hunte, Atlantic I' x press
for MojaTa and Hast 0:43p
G:OOr Roxopenll Mail, Uydeii and Hast...; 0:43 a
O:OOp Haywarda, Niles and San Jose 7: 15 a
._«g:OOi» Valleio ; UO>*
»:<>«>!• Oregon lOxpri'Fß, Sacrnrneuto, iMarju-
villn. Ue.ldine, I'mtlan.l, I'ngut
Sound :ii-.il Kaj* 7:*."» a
tBi*«r Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
Mom. tl0:50>
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for !-'anta
Cruz and Principal Way Stations t* : <> s »
. 8:15 a NeTrark,Uentcrville,f. ; an Jcsc.Felton,
Bo der Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations si3Op
2:15p Newark, Centerville, Sen Jose, New
Almadon, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »10:30*
•1:1.1 p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:2*1.
14: 1 3p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlonß 70:204
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
?rcmSiS FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 0:00 11:00 a.M. U:00 *2:00 (3:00
•1:00 J5:00 *G:OOr.M.
.'r»mOAßLi!;D— Foot of Bro«'l*sT.— "0:00 8:00 10:00*. U.
tI2:QO "1:00 t2.00 '3:00 t*:00 -SrOOl-.M.
COAST liS VISION (Bread <laiigc).
(Third and Tov.nacnil St\)
•6:1 Oa Ocean View, South eian Francieco.. •O:8Op
•7:OOa San Joio ami Way Stations (New
Alinadcu Wednesdays only) l::tOF
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Bant» Cruz, P:icifi3 Grove and
Principal Way Stations {9:33»
9iooa Han .lose. Tres Finos, Kitutn Cruz,
Pacilio (inn.-, Paso HoHes, San
Lull Oljiapo. «;undalui>e. Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:l«r
lOiIOa San Joso nnd Way Stations "S:OOa
11:8Oa San Jose and Wa7 Stations 0i30»
•ai4si-.S»n Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
CJilroy, Hollistcr. Santa Cruz,
Salivas, Monterey and Pncilic
Grovo MOtSfl*
•a:3«p San Jose aud Way Stations «O:OO*.
•4:15p San Joso and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:OopSanjoßo and Principal Way Stations 0:35 a
.V-:»0r San Joso ond Principal Way Stations '8:35*
O::»»p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30?
<11:4.Tp San Jose mid Way Stations.. 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
Sunday excepted, t Sunday only. " t Saturday only.
bSaturday Bad Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saoaollt* Parry.
■■"■■■• ''■'• Commend April 28, 1539.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *S:00, 9:3u, 11:00 a. m.
•1:45 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, '6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA Till PS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. '9:00, '10:00. 11:00, 11:33
a. fn. : 1:00. '1:4r., *2:30. »4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafl Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEI, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:2S. •6:40. 7:55, 8:40, *10:20
a. m. : 12:30, 2:15. *3:40, 4:35, 5:13 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and' Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *S:00, *9:45, *10:45. 1 1 : 45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20. '3:30, '5:15. '6:00, 7:00. 10:15
p. m. #
Train? marked (•) run to Pan Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:50. 7:55, 8:55. 10:35
a m.; 12:35, 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m. : 12:05,
1-20. 2:40 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH trains.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way Bta'ns.
."•''o p m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p.m. week days' (Saturdays exeeptedj—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1533.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 d. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agets.. 821 Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUI9
; VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
from Jan. IS, 1599. trains will run aa fotloww
South-bound. I North-bound.
PMsen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday per.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:80 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pn»
8:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 11:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pro
11:8* am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
3:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersneld 2:00 am 11:00 an»
11:69 am 6:25 pm Vlsa.Ua «:40 am 1:22 pro
11:15 pm| 6:51 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pro
Stopping at intermediate point* aa required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
tnaulre at Traffic Manager"* <vnr* 821 Karlui
>tn«t Ban FniacUco.
56
TUESDAY JUNE 13, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. 3. F
Telephone Mam 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574. ;
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mil!, Including Portage:
.DAILY CALL (Including S'jnday Call), one year $6.00
DAILT CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month US a
SUNDAY CALL One Year , 1.00
WEEKLY CALL, One Year '. 1.00
All postmasters. are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
GAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
M:\V YORK OFFICE Roon» 188. World Building
C. CEO. KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
\Valilorf-Astor Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet
•treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- r 251fl
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock* 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NIV. corner Twenty-second ■ ano
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Turtle."
Columbia — .* 'The Liars."
Grand Opera "El Capltan."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "The Master of Ceremonies."
T!volt-"La Fills de Madame Angot."
Alhamhra— "Krnani." f
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater «Vau<leville every afternoon
and evening. ,
Olympia— Comer Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth-
tle of Manila Bay.
Putro Batha Swlmmlntr Races, etc.
Sherman-Clay Lecture by John W. Taylor to-night.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan ft Doyle— Thursday, June 15, at 11 o'clock,
Horses, at 220 Valencia street.
By Wells, Russell & Co —Thursday. June 29, at 10 a. m.,
rcrner Mission »--.l Fremont streets. Planing Mill Machinery.
RAILROAD SANDLOTISM.
THE evening organ of the railroad and sandW
combination on Saturday last was in an
of vulgar enjoyment. It clapped its
kicked up its heels, threw sand in every direc
nd literally reveled in its diversified infatua-
Railroad proletarianism could scarcely have
tore vividly illustrated. Its recent tears must
temporarily allayed and it must have been
i that the wave of righteous indignation that
overwhelmed it- corrupt representatives in the Board
( i Supervisors and in other quarters had subsided.
The favorite character of the railroad impressed
upon its newspaper apencies is that of a bully. When
the people n>>e in indignation at the obtru-i<>n of
Han Hums as Mr. Huntingdon's candidate for the
Federal Senatorship. they were promptly slapped in
c. The same course was pursued when the
Market Street Railway <. ompany directed its munici
pal subordinates to donate t-> it in one bunch what
ever easements and privileges San Francisco still re
tained, ror a »hort time, however, the emblematical
warning of hemp stilled this sandlot clamor in the
chamber of the Supervisors and a violent demand
mporarily reduced to a comparatively modest
solicitation.
' '■ Saturday last, however, the original instinct for
I dictation, developed by incessant practice for
a generation, reasserted its controlling power over
the sandloted monopoly. It roared and lied and
shook it- fists and beat the air until it produced one
of the old-fashioned "tempests in a teapot." It did
1 omparatively decent lying about Judge Bur
nett s decision that the Yrooman act is unconstitu
tional and only perverted that ruling into an
imaginary objection to the new charter. But, on the
"corkscrew" franchise, it outdid itself. This com
munity had supposed tbat the attempted resuscita
abandoned franchises on Geary street, between
Taylor and Grant avenue, through an application for
il privileges was designed to forestall the ter
mination of the cable franchise under which the
Geary-street railway is now operated p.nd to deprive
the public of a possible boulevard. It had also been
proclaimed that this part of the associated villainies
had been abandoned. But the evening mouthpiece
of the railway emitted a blast upon this subject that
was enough to deafen all the jackasses in town. It
not only declared tbat the '"corkscrew" should pull
the municipal cork out of Geary street, amidst the
clamations of "property-owners, merchants and
citizens," thus reduced to unassimilating groups, but
.- .signed as a reason that from Taylor street to
Grant avenue is four blocks and that, under the law,
a competing railway could occupy the tracks for five.
The particular competing railway referred to is the
Geary-street cable line, of which the Market Street
Railway Company owns 60 per cent of thfe capital
ck, as it also owns the tracks on Market street
for seven blocks from the intersection of Kcarny
■ to the city front.
tt is apparent that the crushed spirit of the mon
opoly is reviving and that it actually deludes itself
with the belief that the public suppose the Market
Street Railway Company and tl^e Geary Street Rail
way Company to be competitors, that an auction sale
cf the new franchises within the twists of the "cork
-1 rew" would attract more than one bidder, and that
the protest of the Merchants' Association is a forgery.
In official circles in Hawaii President McKinley is
undoubtedly regarded as the best man that ever held
the position. lie has given orders there shall be
no elections in the islands this fall, and all office
holders shall continue to hold and to draw salaries
until further notice.
Kinbassador Choate's latest public appearance was
at a "charity dinner" in London, and in his speech he
s.iid that on his return home he would introduce
< harity dinners here, so we have now one strong rea
son for hoping he will hold his job until he dies. •
With Dreyfus going home from Devil Island and
Paty dv Clam in prison, it is clear those who predicted
the affair would result in a revolution have some rea
son to boast their prophecies have been fulfilled.
The Dewey monument fund subscriptions now ex
ceed $30,000, and the question of the hour is, Have
you made your contribution yet?
John D. Rockefeller could not have been so much
pleased with San Francisco as he pretended, for we
notice he didn't buy it
ARE EXPRESS COMPANIES ABOVE
THE LAW?
THE CALL early and repeatedly has referred
to the illegal and unpatriotic attempt, of Wells,
Fargo & Co. to compel its patrons to bear the
cost of the internal revenue stamps, temporarily
exacted by the Federal Government on packages
transmitted by express, under an act of Congress
passed to raise extraordinary revenue during the war
with Spain.
The propriety and the validity of the law were be
yond dispute. Nor has there ever been any serious
question that the infinitesimal tax was due from com
mon carriers, engaged in the business of transporting
packages, and not from their customers. The lan
guage of the act is plain and any other construction
of its terms would be absurd. As we have frequently
observed also such judicial decisions as have been
actually rendered have .almost uniformly sustained the
views we have expressed.
The united action of the press has produced some
effect even upon so hardened, tho\tgh so recent, a
sinner as Wells, Fargo & Co. Press bundles are
forwarded without the imposition of the burthen of
the internal revenue charge. In other directions also
the express corporation has yielded to the sugges
tions of policy. But it has only ''stooped to con
quer." Practically and essentially it defies the law
and the government in the most inexcusable forms in
which such defiance can be expressed or acted.
Inspired and governed by the identical policy that
Mr. Huntington invariably applies in his railroad
management, in respect t<"> litigation pending as we
understand the fact both in State and Federal courts,
it has adopted the Fabian tactics of delay. An au
thoritative and final decision could have been easily
and promptly obtained if Well?, Fargo & Co. had
acted in good faith and upon business rules which
merchants and other ordinary citizens recognize.
Rut it has successfully managed indefinitely to post
pone a result that it knows to be inevitable, and,
while we do not suppose that the courts aided the
plan of procrastination, certainly their acquiescence
has facilitated a practice of pilfering that is equally
condemned by statutory law and by the moral code.
While Congress and the executive department of
the Government, so to speak, are "held up" by Wells,
Fargo & Co., it continues, with a multitude of dis
criminations that in themselves are a wholesale in
fraction of the rule of absolute equality applicable
to common carriers, to transfer every possible cent
of internal revenue stamp expenditure from itself to
the public. It exceeds even this measure of iniquity,
for it favors or punishes individuals according to
their independence or their submissiveness. A study
of the grain rate schedule lately ratified by the obse
quious Railway Commission, where large reductions
are made in places from which no grain is shipped
and the centers of grain production, away from rail
road competition, plundered, will convey a fair idea
of the tyrannous contempt for law that Wells, Fargo
& Co. shares with Mr. Huntington.
The most perfect illustration of equality before the
law that can be derived from textbooks and from au
thorities i« its application to common carriers, which
deal with large numbers of people of every class, oc
cupation and business. Discrimination by common
carriers, especially when exercised arbitrarily and
from motives of mere cupidity or revenge, is insup
portable under a free and stable government. Yet
this is the rule that for thirty years Mr. Huntington
has imposed upon this State and which Wells, Fargo
& Co. is now tenaciously enforcing. The relations
between this corporation and the people for forty
years or ninrc were substantially harmonious. It is
unfortunate that they are now so rudely and so un
necessarily disturbed.
We insist that the courts move with reasonable
celerity in the revenue stamp litigation and end the
delay which covers persistent robbery. All citizens,
moreover, who respect themselves and the laws to the
making of which they have contributed, should stand
upon their rights and refuse to yield to illegal and
unconscionable exactions.
A good beginning was made yesterday in the Cir
cuit Court of the United States when, upon the ap
plication of Attorney General Ford, Judge Morrow
sent back to the Superior Court the petition for a
mandamus filed by Attorney General Fitzgerald to
compel Wells, Fargo & Co. to stamp and transmit
a package deposited in .order to make a test case.
This is a substantial victory that should be vigorously
followed up.
THE VROOMAN ACT
IN The Call of April 9, 1899, the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the case of
the Village of Norwood vs. Baker was referred to
as being of far-reaching importance in its application
to street improvements. At that time we pointed out
the fact that our own Supreme Court had merci
fully held that on that kind of work nothing more
than the land itself could be confiscated, and that,
where the value of a lot was insufficient to pay the
assessment, there could be no judgment against the
owner for the deficiency, but that in the Village of
Norwood vs. Baker, upon grounds arising under the
Federal constitution, the intelligible rule had been
established that no recovery against property-owners
for a street improvement could be had unless the re
sulting benefits substantially covered the assessment,
or under a statute which did not provide for an in
quiry into the fact.
Since that article was written, in the case of Peta
luma Paving Company vs. Singley et al., Judge Bur
nett, one of the Superior Judges of Sonoma County,
upon the authority of the decision above mentioned,
has declared the Vrooman act of 1885, as subsequently
amended, to be unconstitutional, on the ground that
it authorizes the expense of street improvements to be
levied upon adjoining lots by the front foot and with
out reference to benefits. The judgment will have to
stand the test of the Supreme Court of this State, but
the full opinion of Judge Burnett has been published
and it very strongly supports his conclusion. The
Vrooman act has been considered by our Supreme
Court in numerous rases and upheld against at
tacks upon its constitutionality arising under particu
lar sections of the State constitution, and for a num
ber of years it has been the established law of this
State. But in the case of Davies vs. the City of Los
Angeles (86 California Reports, pp. 57-58), where the
statute of 1889, providing specially for the opening,
widening and closing of streets, which for these pur
poses was modeled upon the Vrooman act, was un
der fire, Chief Justice Beatty, in his concurring
opinion, declared that statute unconstitutional be
cause "it permits assessments upon the property sup
posed to be benefited in excess of the benefits." The
learned Chief Justice thus anticipated the decision
upon which Judge Burnett has founded his important
ruling..
The principle upon which adjoining property
owners have been forced to pay for improvements
upon unaccepted streets and, within specified districts,
the cost of opening or widening streets, is that the
work enhanced the value of their lots to a degree that
substantially corresponded with or surpassed the
{ amount of the assessments. It is manifest that this
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 13, 1899.
principle is obliterated and arbitrary confiscation,
substituted when the question of benefits is ignored.
It is now settled that State legislation that produces
this result is directly in violation of article XIV, sec
tion i, of the amendments to the Federal constitution,
which inhibits the States from depriving any person
of his property without due process of law.
Many decisions throughout the United States toler
ating the appropriation of city lots for the benefit of
speculators and contractors, and some of them, after
a lien has been exhausted, going so far as to justify
personal judgments for deficiencies against property
owners, have been wiped out of existence by the
just and salutary ruling of the Supreme Court of the
United States. The fate of Judge Burnett's decision
will be awaited with great interest. It is sincerely to
be hoped that several recent decisions upon which
The Call has commented, and which are clearly for
the public welfare, and rest upon propositions that
are as intelligible to the ordinary citizen as to the
bar and to the bench, may be allowed to exercise their
full weight and influence and that they may not be
emasculated through the subtlety or the ingenuity of
corporations or street improvement rings.-
ANOTHER IMPERIALIST CRITIC.
r\ NOTHER correspondent raises an issue about
/ \ the occupancy of the Philippines. He appears
to believe that we began the war on Spain, not
to right the wrongs of the people whom she op- '
pressed, and whose aspirations for independence and
self-government she had denied and defeated, but for
the purpose of conquest and that "forcible annexa
tion,"' which President McKinley denounces as
''criminal aggression."
We need not repeat that this policy was expressly
disavowed by Congress and the President, in the
declaration of war. Nothing has occurred since to
make necessary the repudiation of our solemn pledge
against conquest.
Our latest critic uses the island of Panay and Span
ish occupancy of Iloilo to develop the imperialist
principle of conquest and the spoils of war, as an ex
cuse for practicing "criminal aggression," where we
had promised the Cubans, Porto Ricans and Fili
•pinos, and pledged the world, that we would appear
only as a good Samaritan.
Now as to the facts about Luzon and Panay.
Luzon was entirely in the hands of an organized na
tive government, except Manila 'and a narrow zone
around the bay, when Dewey went there. The na
tives closely invested Manila and Spanish sovereignty
extended no farther from the water's edge and the
walls of the city than a rifle shot. It is doubtful if
Montij o had in all the Spanish fleet a gunner who
could have hit the island, unless by accident. If the
doctrine of the spoils of war is to prevail, the Filipinos
have the best title to Luzon, because they were born
there, they own the land and by force had ended
Spanish jurisdiction over most of it without any help
from us. There was the same situation in Panay.
The Spanish held only the capital. Iloilo, the natives
had taken all the rest away. After we had forced
Spain to treat for peace, the natives continued their
investment of Iloilo and finally forced the Spanish
General Rios, to surrender to them, which he did.
Our flag was not there when the Mag of Spain was
hauled down. We had no military nor naval force
there. The Spanish surrender to the natives made
them, by the laws of war, the sovereigns of Panay.
They made the conquest, forced the surrender and
ended Spanish jurisdiction, themselves, with no help
from us. Panay was theirs before our flag went there.
As sovereignty passed over to them they proceeded
to exercise it. Many Europeans were in Iloilo, the
' owners of property and managers of business enter
prises. The native government was a civilized gov
ernment, able to protect and enforce the rights of per
son and property. It performed its public, govern
mental functions so well that business proceeded and
: life went on, with good order and no single case of
: violated rights. Not a dollar's worth of property was
destroyed nor was any one restrained of freedom.
We know of no way in which to prove that Spain
had sovereignty to sell in Panay. If she did, then I
England has some for sale in the United States, and
can dispose of it to a syndicate of nations, which may
throw their navies upon our coasts and begin' bom
bardment of our cities and blockade of our harbors,
without any declaration of war or demand upon us to
surrender. They can appear simply as the owners of
what they have paid for, just as the United States
appeared at Iloilo, and can do as they please with us,
provided we are unable to resist them.
All of Panay remained under the undisputed sover
eignty of the native government until the army and
navy of the United States appeared before Iloilo with
the Spanish deed to the island. General Miller was
in command of the whole expedition, but his subordi
nate, the naval officer in command of the ships, with
out notice to Miller, sent a flag ashore to notify the
foreign Consuls and residents tljat if the city did not
surrender he would wait twenty-four hours and then
shell it. He hardly waited for the return of his mes
senger, but began shelling the town within two hours
of his notice. At the moment his bombardment
began General Miller, his superior and commander
in-chief, was in his cabin on the Newport arranging
with three commissioners representing the native
government of Panay, for our peaceful occupation of
the island. The beginning of the shelling ended the
conference and the commissioners were detained on
board. Much has been said about the Filipinos vio
lating the laws of war and disregarding a flag of
truce, but we doubt whether they have ever been
guilty of anything as flagrant as the shelling and de
struction of Panay. Foreign residents lost millions
oi dollars in property and in due time our taxpayers
at home will have to pay the losses, when the claims
I are proved and put in the hands of their respective
governments.
It appears then that on May 9, 1898, Iloilo was in
possession of Spain. It was garrisoned by that sov
ereign power. It was not in the hands of the natives
at that date. But it finally surrendered to them and
not to us. If there are to be no differences on facts,
we hope pur critic will notice these facts and reconcile
our shelling of Iloilo with our declaration of war
against Spain, or with any right of conquest we may
I hold as against her, or with any title acquired by pur
chase of her sovereignty in Panay, which she had
parted with by surrender to. the natives before the
treaty of Paris had been ratified by either Govern
ment, and, therefore, did not have what she pretended
to sell and we pretended to buy. We can buy exactly
] the same title to Venice from Austria, or to Alasace-
Lorraine from France, or to the Netherlands from
j Spain, that she sold us to Panay and to ninety-nine
I hundredths of the area of the Philippine archipelago.
In their efforts to hit upon an acceptable arbitra
tion scheme the delegates to the Czar's Peace Con
ference made one fatal mistake. They submitted too
many drafts. That would explain the numerous
cases of cold feet.
William F. Herrin has again shuffled the cards and
the Railroad Commission has dealt the farmers of the
State a new grain rate schedule. Who will find the
'joker" in the pack'
WANT THE MAYOR
TO BEGIN AN
INVESTIGATION
A Complaint Against
Contractors.
WORK ON HALL OF JUSTICE
SUPERVISOR HOLLAND ACTS
FOR ANGRY CITIZENS.
Preparing to Wipe Out the City's In
debtedness for the Fiscal Year
Just Drawing to a
Close.
At the meeting of the Board of Super
visors held yesterday afternoon Super
visor Holland Introduced a resolution
calling the attention of the Mayor and
the members of the hoard to the numer
ous delays In the completion of the con
tract for the construction of the Hall of
Justice buildirrg, and also to the alleged
discrimination that has been practiced
against that portion of the city lying east
Of Kearny street and north of California,
The resolution is as follows:
Whereas, In the completion of the con
tract with Bateman Bros, to erect the Hall
of Justice and Morgue buildings- it is ap
parent from the delays that have and are
now being .had in the prosecution of the
work, that the building will not be com
pleted by the first day of July, 1899; and
Whereas, The contract was awarded on
December 3. 1896, although the same was
only executed by his Honor. James P. Phe
lan, on January 8, 1597, after he assumed
the duties of Mayor of this city and coun
ty, and by reason of repeated delays, ex
tensions of time were granted on one pre
text or another until July 1. 1599, to finish
and complete said contract; and
Whereas, The owners of the contiguous
property and in that portion of the city
have been subjected to great loss, damage
and inconvenience by reason of said delay;
therefore,
Resolved, That the attention of his Honor
tli.- Mayor and ex-offlcio president of this
board la railed to the provisions of faH
contract, and to the dilatory action of the
contractors, and he is hereby requested to
Investigate and report in writing to this
hoard, recommending such action as will
protect the city"* interest and be a sim
ple act of justice to the property owners in
that pe-tion of the city.
Resolved. That his Honor the Maror"s at
tention is railed to this fact; that this por
ti"n of the <-ity formerly its commercial
center has. through apathy find neglect of
th« city authorities fur many years been
entirely overlooked, having badly paved
streets, and through the subsidence of the
roadways below the grade, has induced the
property owners to come to the conclusion
that it results from a concerted plan to
cause a depreciation of their property
thrnigh ulterior motives, as permanent
pavements have been laid at the public ex
pense In other portions of the city, whieji
from their condition did not demand an ex
penditure of the public moneys to the same
extent as the streets lying east of Kearny
street In the flfty-vara survey.
Resolved, That In addition to the want of
modern improvements, the property owners
are and have been debarred from obtaining
permission to use electricity as the. motive
power to Insure rapid transit to all portions
of this section of the city by the street
railroads having a franchise on the streets,
without just cause, for reasons which ran
not be defended, even if plausibly made, to
which his Honor the Mayor's attention Is
called.
Resolved. That the Imperative necessities
of improving the streets, etc., In the district
lying east of Kearny street and of affording
the opportunities to the owners of property
to rent or improve their property as their
business Interests require, j« a paramount
consideration and requires the representa
tive of the city and county to observe in
the matter of street pavements the obliga
tions of the statute, that when a street is
accepted, thereafter It shall be kept,
open and Improved at the expense of the.
city nnd county, and not to Impose a further
burden upon the property owners; that be
fore a modern pavement shall be laid
the property owners fronting on any ac
cepted block or crossing shall pay one-half
of the expense, which is c/intrary to the
letter and spirit of the law, and the said
cobble and other pavements on the streets
are allowed to remain, to the utter discom
fort, loss and damage to property owners,
whereas, in the interest of the taxpayers,
the funds which could be so use,l are de
voted to other schemes wholly unauthorized
by law. and in this way, with official sanc
tion, they absorb the money which could
be applied to this purpose, to which his
Honor the Mayor's attention Is also
called.
The resolution was referred to the City
and County Attorney for his opinion as to
what steps should bo taken in the matter.
The following resolution from tht- Fi
nance Committee was read and adopted
and will he of Interest to merchants and
other creditors of the city:
Resolved, That the several appropriations
made by order No. 141 (second series) in
the general and special fee funds, regulat
ing and designating the limit of expen
ditures of the various offices and depart
ments for the fiscal year ending June JO,
1809, and by resolutions No. 2573 and 2421
(fourth series) making a
of the several appropriations be and they
are hereby suspended and set aside (ex
cept the sum of $55,000 for furnlßhlns and
properly equipping the Hall of Justice
building and the further sum of $40,000 for
the construction of a police station) so as
to enable the Auditor and Treasurer to
respectively audit and pay the demands
on said general and special fee fund as
may be allowed and ordered paid by this
board out of said general and special fee
fund, to avoid any indebtedness being car
ried over at the expiration of the fiscal
year. It being the dpsire and Intention of
this board with the aid of the Auditor and
Treasurer to prevent the city and county
from repudiating its Just obligations to
merchantß and other creditors for merchan
dise furnished or for lahor performed for
the city and county; the statutory salaries
of the city and county officers being, under
the decision of the Supreme Court, a con
tinuing liability which. Irrespective of the
year the services were performed, must
i/e met and provided for.
The board voted to indefinitely post
pone the resolution granting permission
for the alteration and repair of the prem
ises at the corner of Pacific and Stockton
streets. The promoters of the "Hotel
N'ymphia" scheme proposed to alter the
premises and convert the buildings Into a
Slace of 111-repute. Father Caraher, Rev.
Ir. I'rmy ana others addressed the board
in opposition to the scheme.
Consideration of the resolution for the
repeal of the order prohibiting the selling
of pools and the making of books on race
tracks within the limits of the city and
county was indefinitely postponed by a
unanimous vote. The same course was
purßued in the case of the proposed or
der excepting coursing parks from the
provisions of the race track order.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were referred to the
Committee on Streets; Frances May Young,
requesting the board to compel the laying of
artificial stone sidewalks on the north side of
Broadway, between Fill more and Steiner
streets, where not already laid; Henry Kahn
and Julius I^evy, for permission to construct
four three-Ftory bay windows on building on
the southeast corner of Ellis street and Anna
lane; Fllnn & Treacy, for permission on behalf
of property-owners to construct an eight-inch
ironstone pll>e sewer In Vermont street, be
tween Seventeenth and Mariposa streets; Ig
natz C. Schmitz, for permission to erect an
Iron and wood building at 2V and 29 Main
street; Peter McHugh, for permission on behalf
of property-owners to grade, macadamize, etc.,
the westerly half of Twenty-fifth avenue, be
tween Point Lobos avenue and Clement street;
C. A. Buckley, for permission to make cer
tain alterations and Improvements In the brick
building on the northeast corner of Grant ave
nue and Berry place; Consolidated Optical
Company, for permission to project a sign two
and a half feet over the sidewalk at 577 Mar
ket street; property-owners, for a reduction of
the width of the sidewalk on Bosworth street
at the expense of the Market Street Railway
Company; S. Gianettoni, for permission to
make alterations in the front of the premises
at 29 Sixth street; Williams, Belser & Co., for
an extension of thirty days' time on contract
to construct a sewer in Berkshire street, be
tween Diamond and the northwest line of the
Southern Pacific Railroad right of way; also
for an extension of ninety days' time on con
tract to conitruct a sewer in Lower terrace,
between Serpentine place and Pluto street!
westerly from Pluto street; Henry Dlener, for
permission to remove a building from Frank
lin street, between Clay and Washington to
McAllister, between Baker and Lyon; Federa
tion of Mission Improvement Clubs, requesting
that suit be brought against the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company for illegally operating
a eteam railroad across the public streets and
sidewalks from Eighth street to the county
line; also against Gray Brothers for illegally
operating an engine and boiler at the corner of
Douglass and Clipper streets, fnr blasting in
that vicinity and for maintaining railroad
tracks across the public streets; property-ow»
--ers, for the extension of the pound limits to
the county line; Kalrmount and Glen Park Im
provement Club, for a survey or Charles street
between Cheney and Mission, with the object
of making said street of the width of French
street and of taking proceedings to condemn the
lands necessary to that end; California School
of Mechanical Arts, for the grading and sewer-
Ing of San Bruno avenue, between Fifteenth
street and Ninth and Division streets; Smith
& Young, for permission to sell and lay the
"Ready Rock" asphalt roofing on buildings in
this city without being required to lay aabest >s
paper under the preparation; James Ferry, tor
the laying of artificial stone sidewalks on
Broanan street, between Valencia and Guerrero;
J. Alex Bovyer, for permission to alter and
repair premises at 1639 Polk street; Improve
ment Club No. 1 of San Francisco, South, for
the extension of the pound limits; Mrs. A. C.
Rines. calling attention to the dangerous con
dition of the premises adjoining oolb Sixteenth
street, the floor of Which Is saturated with doal
oil; Federation of Mission Improvement < lubs,
for the appraisement, condemnation and pur
chase of certain lands for the purpose of a
boulevard connecting Market street at Dolores
with Hie park panhandle: Pan Francisco Pav
ing Company, for permission to pave with
bituminous rock. etc.. Lanssat avenue, between
Buchanan and Webster strpets: San Francisco
Paving Company, for permission to pave with
bituminous rock. etc.. Belcher street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth; Patrick Reilly. thnt
a contract be let for the construction of a s*wer*
in Twenty-third street, between Rhode Island
avenue and De Haro street; property-owners,
for the paving of Dore street, between Bryant
and Brannan.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
Th« following protests were received and re
ferred to ih~ proper eommtttee«: Property
owners against thp paving, etc., of Washington
street, between First avenue and Cherry atreet:
property owners against paving, eta, Vallejo
street, between Devisadero and Broderick;
property owners against the laying of a four
foot sidewalk on Tenth avenue, between I and
X streets; proi«erty owners against the grad
ing, etc., of California street, between Twenti
eth and Twenty-first avenues; property own
ers" against the laying of artificial stone side
walks on Spruce street, between Washington
and Jackson; property owners against the grad
ing and macadamizing of Chapultepec street
between Virginia and Eugenia avenues and
the crossing of Virginia avenue and Chapult-
pec street; property owners against laying of
artificial stone sidewalks on Sixteenth street,
between Church and Sanchez; property owners
against laying of four-foot sidewalks on Ninth
avenue, between I and X streets; property
owners against the paving of the crossings of
Broderick and Vailejo streats and Broderick
and Green streets; Mary Flood against the
construction of sidewalks on Sanchez street,
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth strepts;
property owners against laying or artificial
stone sidewalks on Eighteenth street, betwpen
Noe and Sanchez; property owners against the
grading, etc., of Stanyan street, between Twen
ty-seventh and Twenty-eighth; property owners
against the grading of Stanford Heights ave
nue, between New Market and Twenty-ninth
streets: Twenty-seventh street, between Stan
ford Heights and Stanyan avenue: Stanyan
avenue, between Twenty-seventh and Twenty
eighth streets; Twenty-eighth street, between
Stanford Heights and Twin Peaks avenues;
Twin Peaks avenue, betwpen Twenty-eighth
and Valley streets; Glen avenue, between Twin
Peaks and Lincoln avenues; Clara Faithful
(administratrix of estate of Sarah W. Orrall,
deceased) against the laying of artificial stone
sidewalks on the north side of Nineteenth
street from Collingwood street 124 feet wester
ly, and on the west s>lde of Collingwood street
frum Nineteenth street 149 feet northerly.
COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
The following communications were received
and referred to the proper committeess: Health
' Officer, requesting' that the matter of. con
structing; a sewer In Worth street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty- second, be given
prompt attention; City Engineer, submitting a
copy of the plans and specifications for the
Construction of a concrete culvert in Diamond
street, at the crossing of Islais Creek; < ity
Engineer, submitting plans and specifications
for improvement of Holly Park; City Engineer,
submitting plans and specifications for the con
struction of an outlet sewer for the proposed
sewer at the junction of Charles and Arlington
street?, etc.; City Engineer, map showing prop
erty to be acquired for the construction of a
main sewer from the westerly line of the Fair
mount Extension Homestead Tract to and
across the right of way of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, and also setting forth that
in fixing the lines he has arranged for the ex
tension of the Arllngt.on-street sewer to the
line of the present proposed main sewer; City
Kngineer, plat showing property to be ac
quired for the widening of Circular avenue to
70 fe.'t and the extension of said avenue to
tMamond street; City Engineer, plans and spe
cifications for the construction of the main
sewers In the Sunnyslde Tract; Alfred Rosen
holz, presenting for consideration a design of
a render for street cars; Preeita Valley Im
provement "Tub. inquiring as to the status of
their petition for an electric light at the corner
of Harrison and Ridley streets; Charles Bone
(agent for Flora McDermott), withdrawing his
ibjectiong to the establishment of a Chinese
Hospital at S2S Sacramento street; Federation
of Mission Improvement Clubs, Indorsing a
scheme for flushing sewers and extinguishing
fires by means of salt water; Merchants" As
sociation, submitting a detailed drawing of the
wooden polpg for suspending electric lights
within the "underground district." Instead of
from span wires, and recommending that this
[>olp i,e adopted as the official pole for sus
pending street lights within said district, ex
cept In such places as it may be desirable to
use Iron poles; Merchants' Association, rec
ommending the extension of the Sansome street
line of railroad from its present termination
at Jackson street northerly to the bay upon
certain conditions.
Resolutions of intention to perform street
work were passed as follows: That artificial
none sidewalks Lie laid on the north side of
Myrtle avenue, between Octavia and I^aguna
streets, whtre riot already laid, and except
where bituminous rock sidewalks are laid; ar
tificial stonfc sidewalks on the south side of
Bush street.' between Steiner and Pierce, -where'
not already laid, etc. ; same on Grove street,
between Webster and Klllmore; same soutrt
side of Sutter street, between L,yon street and
Central avenue; same on Birr-h avenue, be
tween Octavia and Lacuna streets; same on
east side of Brrderick street, between Bush and
Fine; eight inch ironstone pipe sewer with two
manholes and covers in Francisco street, be
tween Webster and Fillmore. to connect with
sewer In Klllmore street: eight inch ironstone
pipe sewer with four manholes and covers in
Church lane, between Dolores and Church
streets, to connect with the sewer In Dolores
stre"t; eight inch iror.-tone pipe sewer with
two manholes and covers In Filbert place, be
tween Filbert and Union streets, to connect
with sewer in Union street; granite curbs on
Filbert place, between Union and Filbert
streets, where not already laid, and that the
roadway be paved with ba3alt blocks: that
California street, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first avenues, be graded to the official
line and grade and that redwood curbs be laid
thereon, and that the roadway and sidewalks
thereof be macadamized, except that portion re
quired by law to be kept in repair by the rail
road company having tracks thereon; paving
the roadway of Fillmore street, between Haight
and Page streets with basalt blocks, where nut
already paved; artificial stone sidewalks on
Pine street, between Buchanan and Webster
streets, where not already laid, and except
Where bituminous rock sidewalks are laid'
storm water inlets with gratings and culverts
on the four angular corners of the crossing of
Haker and Ray streets; storm water inlets with
gratings and culverts on the four angular cor
ners of the crossing of Baker and Francisco
streets; remacadamlslng of certain portions of
Twellth avenue, between Clement and Califor
nia streets; plank sidewalks on Baker street
between Greenwich and Lombard, where not
already laid, and except where bituminous rock
sidewalks are laid; artificial stone sidewalks
on the east side of Hyde street, between Val
lejo and Green, where not already laid and
except where bituminous rock sidewalks are
laid; artificial stone sidewalks. Spruce street
Clay to Washington, where neither same nor bi
tuminous pavements are already laid; same on
Pacific avenue, between Van Ness avenue and
Cough street, on northerly line,, where neither
same nor bituminous pavements are already
laid; Jones street, between Chestnut and Fran
cisco, sixteen-im-h ironstone pipe sewer with
two manholes; Jones street, between Francisco
street and Montgomery avenue, sixteen- inch
Ironstone pipe sewer to connect with sewer in
Montgomery avenue; northerly and southerly
portions of crossing of Jones and Francisco
streets, gixteen-lnch ironstone pipe sewer
crossing of easterly and westerly portions
same, crossing and northwesterly, southeasterly
and southwesterly corners same crossing cess
pools, culverts, granite curbs and artificial
stone sidewalks; northeasterly corner said
crossing, granite curbs and artificial stone sieV
walks; Francisco street, between Jones and
Leavenwortl). twelve-Inch Ironstone pipe sewer-
Francisco street, between Jones' street and
Montgomery avenue, twelve-inch sewer con
necting with sewer in Montgomery avenue-
Spruce street, between Sacrampiito and Clay
artificial stone sidewalks; Henry street be
lumen p\" O ement. nd^° c'e ' CUrbs and bi "
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED. ■
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the performance of street work as (oll"w«
Laying of an 8-inch ironstone pipe sewer in
Francisco street, between Webster and Fill
.commencing at a point 137U feet west -
erly from Webster street and running thence
westerly along center line of Franel"eo street
for a distance of 1«% feet, balance of the
street between Jackson and- Gold street be
SF£w«iE!^ bituminous rock; artificial stone
welt^riv »nn b c 6 la v-' d On northeasterly, north-
? * Zr '^, and southwesterly corners of cross
™L Cla / a .l d Laurel streets, and that the
n??£ r£i, f **M c ™**toß be paved with bitumi
nous rock; artificial stone sidewalks to be laid
on northwesterly and northeasterly corners of
the -crossing of Clay and Locust streets, road
way of crossing to be paved with bituminous
rock, artificial stone sidewalks to be laid on
northwesterly, southwesterly and southeasterly
corners of crossing of Laurel and Washington
streets, bitumen In roadway; artificial stone
sidewalk to be laid on northwesterly corner of
the crossing of Castro and Seventeenth streets;
stone water inlet with grating and culvert to
toe constructed on the northwesterly corner of
the crossing of Clement street and Sixth'ave
nue; artificial stone sidewalk to be laid on
tht four corners of the crossing of Dolores and
x ifteenth streets, roadway paved with bitu
men;, grading of Hartford street to official line
and 8-inch ironstone pipe sewer be constructed
therein to connect with sewer in Eighteenth
street, ■ curbs, artificial stone sidewalks and bi
tuminous rock pavement; roadway of the cross
ing of Chestnut and Leavenworth streets to
be paved with bituminous rock: crossing of
Clement street and Twenty-second street to
be regraded to official line and roadway mac
adamized except that portion required to be
kept In condition by the railroad ■ company
having tracks thereon; ; artificial stone side
walk to be laid on southerly side of Post
street between Devisadero and Broderick
where not already laid, etc.; artificial stone
sidewalks to be laid on northerly side of Wil
low avenue between Gough and Oetavia streets
where not already laid, etc. ; artificial stone
sidewalks to be laid on westerly side of La
guna between Ellis and O'Farrell where not
already laid, etc.; artificial stone sidewalks to
be laid on southerly side of Eddy street be
tween Gough and Oetavia where not already
laid, etc. : artlficla.l stone sidewalks to be laid
on easterly side of Laguiiu. street between
Golden Gate avenue and McAllister street
where not already laid, etc.: artificial stone
sidewalk on the southerly side of O'Farrell
street between Laguna and Buchanan, also
t*t\v(>en Laguna and Oetavia: artificial stone
sidewalks to be laid on northerly side of Fll
bert street between Roach alley and Jones
street where not already laid, etc.: granite
curbs to be laid on Washington street between
Laurel and Locust where not already laid and
roadway thereof to be paved with bituminous
rock where not already so paved; granite curbs
to be laid on Alabama street between Twenty
second and Twenty-third whore not already
laid and roadway thereof to be paved with
bituminous rock where not already so paved:
granite curbs to b* laid on Alabama street be
tween Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth streets
where not already laid and roadway thereof
be paved with bituminous rock where not al
ready so paved; artificial stone sidewalk be
laid on the s<.nth>--rly side of Turk street be
tween Scotl and Devisadero where not already
laid, etc.: artificial "s:- no sidewalks to be laid
on northerly Bide of Post Btreet between o<-
tavia and l.aguna where not already laid, etc.
ET WORK ORDERED.
The following resolutions >rn>rinsr th" per
formance of str< -.1- Paving
roadway of crossing of Clay and Lyon, bitu
men: artificial stone sidewalk >i\ feet wide on
Third avenue, between Clement and California
streets smith, where nol already laid, except
where bituminous sidewalks are laid; artifi
cial stone sidewalks on Ford street, between
Nop and Sanchez, where not already laid, etc.:
same m westerly side of Fair Oaks street,
between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth, where
not already laid, etc.; roadway and sidewalks
at crossing of Twentieth avenue and clement
street be remacadamiai thai portion
required by law to '■ a ki I In repair by the
railroad company having tracks thereon; arti
ficial stone sidewalks on the north sidf of FpII
street, between P"lk street and Van Ness
avenue, wherp not already laid, etc.. granite
curb <>n Filbert Ptkert. between Rnker find
T!r"ii''ri<'k, whPre not already laid, mrl that the
roadway thereof, for a distance of seven feet
south of the center llm 1 thereof be pavpd with
basalt blocks where not already paved, and
tho remaining portion of tli*> roadway ol Fil
bert street be paved with bitumen, wherp not
already so paved; that roadway on Bush street,
or that portion of It formerly occupied by the
street railway tracks, extending from Stockton
street to Central avenue, be paved with basalt
blocks or with bituminous rock.
CONTRACTS AWARDED
Contracts for the performance of street worlc
were awarded as follows: City Street Improve
ment' Company, for grading Rernnl Park and
contiguous streets, 1T' 2 cents per. cubic yard;
Williams, "Reiser & Co., plank sidewalks on Wat
er street between Mason and Taylor, where not
already laid, etc., 40 cents p^r lineal foot, pri
vate contract; Williams, Reiser & Co. were au
thorized to construct a slsteen-inch ironstone
pipe sewer with two manholes in Treat avenue,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets;
also a fourteen-inch Ironstone pipe sewer with
manholes In Twenty-third street, between
Rhode Island and De Haro; also to construct
a three by five brick sewer, etc., in Pupont
street, between Beach and North Point, and
the crossing of Dupont and North Point streets,
all by private contracts: the property owners
on the westerly side of Fifteenth avenue, be
tween Clement street and Point Lobos avenue,
to construct bulkheads, as provided by law.
in front of their property, to prevent the sand
from drifting upon the sidewalk. In accord
ance with the petition tfif P. Ward and others;
J. J. Howling & Co. were authorized to pave
Church street, between Market and Fifteenth,
private contract, with bitumen; Pacific Paving
Company, paving Clay street, between Locust
and Spruce, private contract: FHnn & Treacy
to construct Ironstone pipe sewers in Francisco
street, between Jones and Leaven worth, in
Rroderick street, between Vallejo and Green.
In Broderick street, between Green and
Union, In crossing of Green and Broderick
and in the crossing of Vallejo and Broderick.
private contracts; Felix McHugh, to construct
ironstone pipe sewers, etc., in Ninth avenue,
between I and J streets, and in crossing of
Ninth avenue and I street, private contract:
Warren & Malley. grading Van Ness avenue,
between Bay street and the northerly line of
North Point street, provided, that said work
shall be performed to the official line and
grade and without cost to the city and county
or to the property owners.
RESOLUTIONS OF FULL. ACCEPT
Resolutions of full acceptance of street work
were passed as follows: Spruce street, from
Clay to Sacramento, bitumen and basalt;
Twenty-third street from Folsom to Harri
son, bitumen; Clay street from Laurel to
locust, bitumen; Harrison street from Twenty
second to Twenty-third, bitumen; Central ave
nue from McAllister to Fulton street, bitumen;
i crossing of Seventh and Berry streets, basalt:
j Sixth street from Channel to southeast line of
Irwin, paved with basalt, conditionally ac
cepted.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
The Superintendent of Streets was instructed
to recommend the construction of sewers to
abate the nuisance caused by the sewage from
the Almshouse flowing Into a vacant lot at
Tenth avenue and J street; also to construct
an. outlet to the sewer In Harrison street at
the crossing of Beale; also to stop further work
of grading 1 the crossing of Sixth ave
nue south and X street; also to con
tract with Williams, Reiser & Co. for
the' moving of the cesspools on the cor
ners of of the crossing of Eighteenth and
Douglass streets back three feet to the line
of the sidewalks at a cost not to exceed $15
per corner.
The appeal of Helen J. Hutchinson and oth
ers against the acceptance of the paving at
the Intersection of Julian avenue and Four
teenth street, done by Flinn & Treasy. was
set for hearing on June 26; also hearing on
protest of property owners against the pro
posed laying of artificial stone sidewalks on
Eighteenth street, between Church and San
chez; also protest of property owners against
construction of a sewer, etc., in Worth street,
between Twenty-first and Twenty-second: also
protest of property owners against construction
of a sewer In Stevenson street from Tenth to
northeasterly termination of Stevenson.
The action of the board In awarding the con
tract to grade Van Ness avenue, between Bay
and Beach streets, to John Holmes, was re
considered.
A resolution was adopted directing the Com
mittee on Finance and Auditing to provide
the following sums in the next tax levy:
$20,000 for the extension of the main sewer in
Foutreenth avenue and H street to Twenty
fourth avenue and I street, and $."00 for the
purchase of a boiler for the Fourth-street
drawbridge.
Grades were established on Sixteenth ave
nue south, on Q street and the crossings of th»
same; also on Jarnac, between the Southern
Pacific right of way and San Jose avenue and
northerly 157 feet from said right of way.
ANOTHER CALL CRITIC
To the Editor of The Call: I read with
much interest the very able letter in your
issue of the 6th inst. about the "Call and
Expansion" and your reply thereto. You
say that "all of the Philippines, except a
few localities on Manila Bay, were occu
pied by the natives, who had wrested
them from Spain before our flap went
there," etc. Under date of May 9, IS9B.
you say under the heading- of "There Is
More Work for Dewey" the followirg:
"Acting Admiral Dewey. the conqueror of
Manila, still has considerable work to per
form before the destruction of Spanish
power in the Far East is complete. Iloilo,
the capital of the Island of Panay. which
is fortified and garrisoned by Spanish
troops, remains to be taken, and there are
one or two point? in the Philippines which
the guns of his fleet will be called on to
reduce."
Now. our flag had been there nine days,
and before it went there, say on the 30th
of April. IS9S. Iloilo was not in the hands
of the natives, and it la not a locality of
Manila Bay. Seeing there can be no dif
ferences on facts, will you kindly publish
and explain? Yours respectfully,
WILLIAM STILL.
127 A Guerrero street. San Francisco.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Important— Best eyeglasses, specs, 10 tc
40c. Lookout for 73 4th St., next stovestore."
Trunks, valises, traveling rolls, belts,
purses. Best goods, best values at San
born & Tail's, 741 Market street. *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepuone Main liM2. •
Federal Eight-Hour Law.
United States Commissioner Hcarnr-li
yesterday examined the charges preferred
against James A. Campbell, contractor
for the building of the naval station at
Goat Island for violating the Federal
ripht-hour law and held the accused foi
trial.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Kranrisro every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande 'and Ruck Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further Information
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Railway. EM Market st., S. F.
The Rio Grande \Vestern Railway
Take pleasure in announcing the Inauguration
June 1. 1599, of a complete dining-car servic*
between Ogden and Denver on all transconti
nental trains. Service a la carte. General of
fice, 14 Montgomery »t.
For a tonic for the nervous and dyspeptic
nothing equals a little Angostura Bitters. The
genuine. Dr. Siegeri's, in port or sherry.SICK SOLDIERS
RETURN FROM
THE PHILIPPINES
Transport St. Paul Is
Home Again.
CAPTAIN G. ANKERS IS ALIVE
SUPPOSED DROWNEDMAN TURNS
UP IN PORTLAND.
Bark Stefano Razeto Was Afire in
Sydney Harbor — Hunting Party
Starts for Eel River on
the Noyo.
— ♦ -
The transport St. Paul arrived from Ma
nila via Nagasaki yesterday promptly on
time. She made the run from the latter
port In a little over nineteen days and
must have passed the transport Pennsyl
vania somewhere on the way. The Penn
sylvania left Nagasaki on May 22 as the
■St. Paul was making port. The latter
vessel went on the drydnck and did not
sail for Ban Francisco until May 25. The
V Pennsylvania had not been on the dry
* dock for some time, and that may ac
count for the slow passage she is making.
The following came up on the St. Paul:
I Fred Bell, t-peceant Battery H. Third Artil
lery; .1. Bonthby. corporal Company H, Thir
teenth Minnesota; G. K. Braden, private Com
pany I. Tenth Pennsylvania: R. B. Camp,
corporal Company K. Twenty-third Infantry;
X Calllgan. servant Company K. Fourteenth
Infantry: A. < '•miter, pi ate Company A.
Tenth Pennsylvania; A. H. Curti?. signal corps;
<"V Enirle. corporal Company C, Fourth Infan
try; H. H. Esoudero. musician Company E.
Seventeenth Infantry: H. O. Fletcher, ►►ream
Troop E. Fourth Cavalry: A. Gluckmnn. mas
cot of the California regiment: C A. Hill.
FTKfam Battery 11. Third Artillery: M. J.
Hill, private hospital corps; A. A. Hoffman,
corporal Light Battery. Sixth Artillery; J. M
Henderson, privatft CVmpany E. First Colorado;
■ C. Holv»n?tadt, private Twenty-third Infantry;
J. A. Johnson. Company H. Thirteenth Minne
sota; N. E. Keys. Company I. Thirteenth
I Minnesota: W. K. | linger. sergeant Battery E,
Third Artillery: J. I>. Kilburn. corporal Bit
tery D. Sixth Artillery; .1 B. Ladd, assistant
Furpeon. V. S. A.; A. A. Mites. Company B.
Thirteenth Minnesota; A McManus. corporal
Company A. Fourth Infantry; J. M Roberts
Company I. Thirteenth Minnesota: Edward XV;
Sl^an. sergeant fnite.l States Signal Corps:
F. Shaw, artificer Company B. Twenty-second
Infantry; H. O. Symes. Troop E, Fourth Cav
alry: Charles Thompson, sergeant Company A.
Fourteenth Infantry: Christ Thompson, cor
poral Company K. Twentieth Infantry: Jessie
M Tompett. lieutenant First Nebraska: J. II
\ ail. Twentieth Infantry: E. Wilco.x, Fourth
« svalry: William I. Well*. Company D. Twen
tieth Infantry; Poujjlass Y.iuns. JournaliFt on
the staff of The Manila Freedom; Arrive™
1 allinarto. Youns's valet; John Muirhead,
Company P. First Nebraska.
J. A. Johnson of the Thirteenth Minne
sota Regiment was sent out to the Pre
sidio for treatment He suffered a sun-
I stroke In Manila and is mentally unbal
anced. Johnson has a religious mania and
thinks the second coming of Christ is at
hand. His hair reaches almost to his
shoulders and" he will not allow anybody
to touch it.
I The repairs to the transport Sheridan's
hollers and machinery will be completed
by the :>>th. and a couple of days there
after the will sail for Manila.
Captain George Ankers was not drowned
from Long Wharf. Oakland. For several
months his wife and family have mourned
him for dead, but three days ago a well
known shipmaster met him in Portland
and had a long conversation with him.
Ankers said he was not coming back' to
San Francisco until he had earned enough
money to make good the amount he was
short in the accounts of the schooner
Oceania Vance. In th" meantime his
wife Is making a brave struggle in Mill
Valley to support her children.
Captain Ankers was formerly master of
the Ala (I company's steamer San Juan.
hut during one voyage she went aground
and according to a rule of the company
Ankers lost his command. He Was then
made master of The schooner Oceania
Vance and made several trips to Hawaii
in hr-r. On his last voyage the vessel
went to Oakland to discharge. Captain
Ankers had been to the office of the own
ers on his arrival and the next day was
to settle Up his accounts. That night he
• rossed over on the ferry and had dinner
on the steamer with some friends. He had
not been heard from until a friend of his
ran across him in Portland.
The general supposition was that Ank
ers had fallen overboard and been
drowned. A reward of $50 was offered for
his remains and for weeks men dragged
in the vicinity of the wharf in hopes of
earning the money. His wife hoped
against hope that he would be heard
from, but finally came to the conclusion
that he was dead and set herself to the
task of providing for her family. The
amount Ankers was short in his accounts
was not very great and the chances are
that had he made a clean breast of it to
his owners they would have given him a
chance to retrieve himself. He told his
friend in Portland that he would secure a
position as mate on some vessel and try
to work his way back into his old posi
tion.
I The Italian bark Stefano Razeto was on
fire in Sydney harbor yesterday, but was
not greatly damaged. She left here on
March 9 with 758.406 feet of lumber and
some general cargo, the whole being val
ued at $98,159. She arrived at Sydney, N.
S. \V., on May 31; and the supposition is
that the fire broke out in the general
cargo.
The steam schooner Celia Is on her way
back to San Francisco after an absence
of three years. She was formerly engaged
in the coasting and lumber trade, but was
chartered to some mine owners for use
on the Mexican coast. She is coming her»
I for an overhauling and Is bringing up a
cargo of cedar logs.
The steamer Noyo took away for Fort
Bragg yesterday a party of campers that
expects to do great things in the way of
hunting and fishing. They are Eric and
Alfred Rosenstirn, Clifford Cook and W.
Scoofy. With them went three horses, a
wagon, half a dozen hunting dogs and
about a ton of supplies. They are bound
for Eel River and during- their six weeks*
stay expect to do some wonderful things
in the -way of hunting and fishing.
Theo. Jonkowsky. deckhand on the
schooner Solano nearly lost his life yes
terday. His vessel was going alongside
the steamer Wvefield to discharge her
cargo of coal, when the barge bullion got
in the way. In trying to fend the barge
off Jonkowsky fell between and was
crushed. At the Harbor Hospital It was
found that the lower part of his spine was
dislocated. , 1, ,
>• The steamer China sailed for the Orient
yesterday. She took away a very large
cargo of general merchanu.se in which
A NOTED CATHOLIC
PRELATE IS HERE
Archbishop Carr of
Australia Is in
the City.
O I RCHBISHOP THOMAS J. CARrB
* A of Melbourne. Australia, will !>"■
" M the guest of Archbishop Riordanß
q •*• •*■ at the archepiscopal residence unl
■♦- Eddy street for a few days. The dls-H
O tinguishcd prelate is en route forH
t his home, having visited the Pope inH
9 Rome a short time ago. Whon he dc-H
* , •-. - ..-^- o rp'ite for hi* return jour-M
V ney he elected a trip through th.S
C United States and an ocean voyageM
4 from San Francisco to Melhourno.M
C, While in this city he will be drivt-nM
v. about to the various places of Intcr-M
n est by Archibshop Riordan and v.iliH
4 visit the several places of c.-ithuii.-M
{-. . .. o . Aroholshop Carr was tiwnl
* at Montpeller, in the archdiocese nfH
O Tuam. Ireland. He was vice 'presldent™^^^^^^^™"^™
■*■ of Maynoth College and later Bishop of Galway before he assumed his dv-
X ties in Australia. At present he is one of the six noted prelates of the island
X continent. During his administration the Cathedral . of Melbourne was
4- erected.
THE HYDERABAD NEAR TO DESTRUCTION.
A WEEK ago Mondny the big ship Hyderabad wrs caught in a terrific storm. A heavy sea struck her
under the counter and disabled her steering gear. The ship became unmanageable Rnd went over
until her lee rail was under water. Sails hud to be cut loose in order to save the masts, and when
that danger was past Captain Scott found his vessel almost on the Farallones. The decks were full
of water and five men were injured wiiile trying to brace the yards. Finally to save his vessel from the
rocks the three lower topsails had to be cut away and then the Hyderabad escaped by a shave.
were several consignments for Manila ■
and all the passengers she had accommo
dation for.
The torpedo boat destroyer Farraeut
came down from Mare Island last Satur
day  - - to From
here she is going ■• to San Diego.
The bark Wilna arrived at Vladivostok
from San Francisco last Friday, beatine j
the ship Pig Bonanza that Ipi port two
days ahead of her. There were a number
of bets on the race and those who had
their money on the Wilna are correspond
ingly happy.
WILSON IS COMING.
Secretary of Agriculture Will Be
Here Next Month.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson will pay
: this coast a visit In July, for he bo Kt..i'S
In a letter received yesterday by the
Chamber of Commerce. In the early part
of next month there will be a convention
| of the professors of the national agricul-
I tural colleges and of the agricultural
j chemists of both of which bodies Secre
tary Wilson is a member. The local cham
: ber and several other Industrial bodies
have forwarded invitations to him to pay
this city a visit and to the former ne sent
the following answer:
; Charles Nelson, Esq.. President Chamber of
Commerce. Pan Francisco. Cal Dear Sir: I
have to thank you cordially for the very kind
' invitation conveyed. In your letter of June I. 1
I am spirit to visit California this summer, but
desire to sro when the President (foe*, provided
he Is, nblo to rrake the trip. If It becomes cer
tain that he will not go as far as the coast thon
I shall arrange to £■■ myself. I do not think,
! however, that I «hall be able to reach Pan
Francisco in time for the meeting of the agri-
CUltUral colleges and experiment stations, I
much hs I should like to be there.'
I beg you to convey to the Chamber of Com
merce my appreciation of their kind Invitation,
end. am very truly yours,
JAMES WILSON.
Secretary Department of Agriculture.
THE WILL LECTURE
ON TEMPERANCE
Eva Marshall Shoutz.
MISS EVA MARSHALL
SHOUTZ, who has been
styled the new Jeanne
d'Arc, will lecture on tem
perance at the First T'nited Pres
byterian Church next Thursday
evening.
Eva Shoutz has always been a
devoted temperance advocate and
worker. Her strong temperance
principles were in a measure In
herited, since both her mother and
her father have been and ar<
est temperance per, pie, and her
steadfastness, intensity and gift
for sacrifice m ty also have com- to
her through heredity, as she is
descended from Huguenots, who
suffered persecution and prison for
their faith, so that she may al
most be said to have the blood of
saints and martyrs in her veins.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 13. 1899.
MAYOR PHELAN`S
CAMPAIGN FOR
MOTHER TERM
Activ.iy on the Line of
Supporters.
THOSE NEW SUPERVISORS
•
SUGGESTION THAT THE MAYOR
SHALL NAME NOMINEES.
Once He Named a Board So Bad
That He Had to Demand Its
Expulsion From
Office.
It is generally accepted as a fact that
the committee of seven appointed by
the General Committee of One Hun
dred Democrats will report a scheme of
apportionment that will give the small
est subdivisions of Assembly districts
represented in the nominating conven
tion. There is no longer talk of a blan
ket ticket and the Lawrence scheme for
reducing the General Committee to
twenty-five has gone glimmering.
While Buckley is doing some quiet
but effective work in Hub organization
throughout the city he is not putting
a straw in the way of Mayor Phelan's
renomination. The friends at Phelar.
assert that the Mayor's renomination is
already assured. He is getting many
Democratic club indorsements and it is
plain to the observer that the resolu
tions of indorsement emanate from a
central point. There is an occasional
variation. For instancy, over on Stock
ton street the pure-minded Demc-crats
in one long respiration indorse Mayor.
Phelan and denounce the Twinkling
Star Improvement Company and the
Hotel Nymphia.
Phelan's friends are so confident of
his success that they are demanding
that he should be permitted to name
his own Board of Supervisors. If this
demand is urged there will be trouble
in the Democratic party. It is called to
mind by Democrats that the preroga
tive of naming the Supervisors was
once conferred upon Mr. Phelan, and
that such a horrible bad job was made
by him in the selection that he had to
join Deacon Fitch and the courts in
efforts to expel the selected from
<>fii< I-. Phelan may know a good Mayor
when he sees one in shadow or sub
stance, but there is something wrong
with his sight and scent for Supervi
sor*. It is on record that ho had a fair
trial once, with a field of good material
before him. and after calm reflection
picked out as bad a crowd as ever dis
graced the city.
Many wise Democrats are in favor
of delegating to the nominating con
vention the duty of selecting candidates
for the Board of Supervisors, but the
shouting Democrats having the upper
hand at present want Phelan placed
in supreme control. Eighteen Supervi
sors of Phelan'p selection supplemented
with Esola as Chief of Police would
give the new charter such a test as the
framers of that organic act never ap
prehend cd . _____________
Rincon School Exercises.
The pupils of the Rinc»n P"'"
School 1 ell the r c!oa ng exer ses last
Thursday aiternoon. i-iiuy ii\<-- ......... .
friends and relatives of the school at
tended, the enjoyable affair. One of the
principal features of the programme was
the rendition of the clever dialogue. "The
Conqueror Time." which was participat
ed in by nineteen young ladles from Miss
Mailing's class. The programme was* as
follows: \ .
Irritation. "Tre*S of Our Country." Mrs.
Holmes fourth and sixth grades, song and
. (,i,.n The Swept Pea Vine." Mrs. Phelps
dm grade: dialogue. "Grumbling Over Lee
sons." Miob Morton's class; Bong, "I Love
You" Nina. Cook; dialogue. "The Conqueror
Time" Him Mailings class: song. Soiaiers
Sons " Mlbb Chalmers' clbbf; dialogue. "The
May Queen," Mrs. Chalmeris 1 class; song, • The
AlpiiabQt." Mrs. Phelps 1 class; recitation. "Na
tional Songs," ninth grade: recitation. "An
Order for a Picture," Mlm Doneily s - clans;
brown drill. . Edna . Relmer. Dora Tenn e .
baum, Cecella> Colem.in. Lily Lawlor, Alice
McGovern. Let!c«> Quin, Maude Cheffers. Man.i
Flttpatrlck, Kvt Mnrnhnll. Carrie Stok^R
Oracle Fauth. Emma McDermott. Maybelle
Blslr. Rose M^Hnerty, Kdna Black and Helen
I^ihel from Tlmmln's class; song, "Tin
kers 1 Chorus." Mis" Chalmers'* first and second
grades; wand drill, ninth grade. ;
Can Get No Damages.
The .Justice* of the Supreme Court do
not think that George Davis, house
mcVer. has any claim for damages against
tht Pacific Telephone rind Telegraph Com
pany. In 1W»1 the housemovers of San
Francisco came to the conclusion that the
telephone people had no right to make
them pay for the changing of their wires
and lines when It was necessary to move
! houses In the city. A number formed an
1 association and decided to make a con
test of the mutter and In due time the
company van notiiio.l of their Intentions^
Dnv;s cut the lines attached to a house on
l/nlon street, which was about to he
moved; and was arrested for violating a
city ordinance. The . bare,, against him
| vns (dismissed in the Police Court He
| tbe n brought an action against the com
i pnny for unwarranted arrest and false
; Imprisonment. In the lower court a non
suit was crvu,-,i the defendant company,
i mm which D:>vls appealed, but a decision
adverse to his cause was handed down
yesterday by the Supreme Court
MAY BECOME INSANE.
Major Edward Field Threatened With
Mental Collapse.
Major Edward Field, r. s. A., is Buffer
ing from a collapse «j< the mind, and It s
greatly feared that h*. win become Incur
ably Insane, His family and friends are
greatly distressed .it the serious illness
of the officer.
Major Field \jps taken ill iust at the
■ clc.se of the Neali court martial. He be
gan to lose his mind and he eventually
became Irrational, inn by no means vio
lent. It whs hoped that" with treatment
and perfect rest he would recover but it
was d."^ided to put him under the care of
s>e, i J)!IM s. He Is now ai the sanitarium
■ "l Dr. J. M. Roberts in at Uvermore who
I Is considered one nf the best authorities
In the treatment of mental diseases The
latest reports from the sanitarium are not
very encouraging. At times Major Field's
Mind appears to grow stronger but re
lapses almost invariably occur.
At present Major Field Is of the Second
i Artillery, detailed aa inspector of artillery
and acting Inspector-general of the de
partment. He is recognized as an au
thority on seacoast defenses. During the
war with Spain Mnior Field was a "very
busy man indeed. lii addition to his regii
i l.'ir duties for a time he served as acting
! adjutant-geiivrnl.
RADGER BADLY BEATEN.
J. Blals, a barber at 36 Sixth street,
and L. Heidlngcr. his assistant, appeared
before Judge Graham yesterday to an
swer to a charge of battery. The com
plaining witness was J. Badger, a barber
at 26V4 Sixth street, who until a few
months ago worked for Blais.
From the evidence it appeared that
Heidinger told Blals that Badger was
bragging about having taken Lena,
Blais beautiful daughter, who is not yet
OUt of her teens, to a saloon. June 1 Blaia
sent word to Badger that he wanted to
Be* him in his shop and Badger crossed
over. He was taken to a rear room and
Blais asked him if he had said that he
had taken Lena to a saloon, and he de
nied it. He said he had invited her to
dine with him. but she did not keep the
appointment. This did not satisfy Blais.
and with Heldlnger's assistance he gave
Badger a terrific beating, blackening his
eyes.
Lena was in court and denied that she
was ever in a saloon with Badger, but
admitted that he had asked her to dine
with him. The Judge convicted the two
defendants and ordered them to appear
for sentence this morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»■ carVCDO 0 1899 '
fill Ml I tlfo &Pn
II ■• * VJJi
CURE and STRENGTHEN MEN.
THESE ABLE SPECIALISTS do not resort to stimulating remedies or
appliances which do more harm than good. They begin at the very root of
the disease or weakness, remove the cause and build up the entire physical
system by a thorough and proper constitutional treatment. The methods of
Dr. Meyers & Co. have been successful for more than 18 years. They cure
Wasting Drains. \L/%&&&fjt Liver Disease,
Nervous Debility, j=^y "TufST AR OFHfiht- ~~3* Ht art Disease,
Stricture, Rupture, "^«^ L *" Cyi^^ Blood Disease,
Tumors, Varioooele, "JjgpgffS hrMpVCDC >^x|jgr: s^ in Disease,
Private Diseases, ~'--'£sBBm "F Ch fs£te§!p Stomach Disease,
Eczema, Cancer, £%%zi WO^M EEc^ c ise * Be<
~ Jo^fr& ll'Vb^wW ■kkVQiß^c^l
Bheurratism, Alllffl^SgSsJil^* T^^lffSl Lung Disease,
Neuralgia, ll Ms l Btotal Disease.
NO PAY TILL CURED. Any one having the least doubt about being
cured may deposit the money in any bank in San Francisco, to be paid only
when they are satisfied that they are well: Payments may be made in week-
ly or monthly Installments If preferred.
HOME CURES— If you cannot call write for private , book, diagnosis
sheet, nee advice, prices and other particulars. Home cures a specialty.
Thousands of men cured every year who have never seen the doctors. Con-
sultation free. ■ . . • .-.. -•• * *>r.-> - *■
Correspondence Confidential. No Printing on Envelopes or Packages.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
r*r O / Market Street, I elevator H.un^jj.D.n,.
# sj M San Francisco. I ENTRANCE. Evenings-7to 8.
•..■■-■■ 1 - :; ■■'•-..■ --■.■■. •..,--■■' '■' ■ . . :•:■. -". ■■ -■■■'■.■■ : . :■■--. -:"■:-.-,• ■■•'.■ ■.:-.'■' ■■ m 988 m
OFFICIALS OF
HEALTH BOARD
WILL DIE HARD
Bring Su t to Enjoin
Their Dismissal. .
FIFTEEN ARE PLAINTIFFS
CLAIM THEY ARE STATUTORY
OFFICERS.
If Their Contention Is Upheld They
Will Continue to Hold Office
for Several Months to
Come.
It se*ms that the large majority of pub
lic officials appointed during the last ad
ministration have found their positions
quite desirable, and in conseouenre when
dismissal confronts them they have deter
mined to dl*> hard. Stilt was ftled yester
day by fifteen under officials In the Health
Office to enjoin tho new hoard from dis
pensing with their services and appointing
others to fill the vacancies.
The plaintiffs In the action are: Otto
Lunders. health inspector; Thomas II
McOrath, health inspector; P. F. Ward,
plumbing inspector; J. J. Dunne, secre
tary; J. (TKane. superintendent of city
cemeteries; Benjamin Davis, chief market
inspector; William Finnigan, health in
spector; James \V. Crowe health inspec
tor: J. W. ORourke, veterinary surgeon;
James F. Lahane'y, food Inspector; J. J.
Sullivan, chief plumbing inspector; J. L.
David, health inspector; T. Donovan,
health Inspector; A. R. Happersberger.
superintendent of dislnterrrtents and in
spector of vaults, and W. H. Harrison,
Inspector of garbage and transportation.
The new Board of Health, through fin al
leged threat to dispose of all the plain
tiffs named are made defendants in the
action. On' the filing of the complaint
Judge Dalngerfieki issuer] an order to
show cause, directing the defendants to
appear on the 23d inst. and show cause
why they should not be restrained from
dismissing the plaintiffs named.
Plaintiffs hold that they are statutory
officers and hold for four years after their
appointment. A majority of the plain
tiffs were appointed in the latter months
of the year ISPS, and in consequence if the
court holds they are statutory officers
have several months yet to serve. Dunne
& McPlke represent the anxious officials
and will wagf their right in the courts
against any attempt to remove them be
fore the time fixed by law has expired.
FOR A FULL TERM.
County Officials Bring Their Action
, Against the Charter.
Action on behalf of Sheriff Martin,
County Clerk I 'Pane and Recorder Ber
thler against the Election Commissioners
to enjoin the defendants from placing the
offices held by the plaintiffs on the elec
tion proclamation and ballots was file.l
yesterday by Attorney George D. Col
lins. The complaint was' filed after the
commission had passed a resolution re
-1 fusing to comply with the demand of tUe
. officials and strike off the offices named.
In the complaint It is first set forth
that the plaintiffs were regularly elected
to the offices which they now hold and
were elected for a stated term of years,
; and hence their removal before such pe
riod has expired would be in direct con
j flict with the constitution, an invasion of
; and an infringement upon the sovereignty
i of the State, a revolutionary usurpation
1 of power and In violation of the law en-
I titled "An act to establish a uniform
system of county and township govern
ments." approved April 1. 1K97.
It Is said in the complaint that the ac
tion is not designed to Impeach the valid
ity of the charter but to protect and gain
for the plaintiff officials their rights un
der the law. In conclusion an injunction
is asked for, as stated.
CONTRIBUTION BOX BOBBED.
Burglars Enter St Paul's Catholic
Church.
The contribution box of St. Paul's
Catholic Church on Twenty-ninth and
Church streets was robbed yesterday
morning at an early hour. The box had
bren placed in the old church to receive
donations to the new edifice being erected,
and it is supposed that the thieves se
cured about $60. The money was in en
velopes superscribed with the names of
the donors, and the finding of a number
of these envelopes in a vacant lot near
by led to the discovery of the theft. De
tective Dillon and Fitzgerald were nut
on the* case, but have been unable to nnd
a clew to the thieves.
John W. Taylor's Lecture.
John W. Taylor, ex-Superintendent of
Schools, will give an illustrated lecture on
"The Philippines" at Sherman & (.'lay's
Music Hall this evening. He will speak
of affairs at Manila and adiacent coun
try with knowledge derived from personal
observation. He was there when the ac
tive fighting began and went on the firing
line with the troops. He studied the
country, its climate and its productive
capacity. In the course of his travels he
obtained three hundred photographs. The
lecture will entertain and enlighten the
audience.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
No. 2 M. I. S.T. No - 2
IT JL© !• *J/o JL ©
Box Sent FRIEE to All Sufferers.
/ ■'"■V-" 'fi.'.SaSGuE^SuLn
GREATEST NERVE AND BLOOD TONIC,
THE ONLY CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.
The most powerful INVIGORANT ever produced. Permanently re-
stores mental and physical strength to those weakened by early Indis-
cretion, Imparts Youthful Vigor. Restores Vitality. Strengthens and
Invigorates the Brain and Nerves; a positive cure* for all forms of
Nervous Debllity-PROM SAFE and SURE.
i
Infallible cure for Old and Chronic Cases of Rheumatism, Gout,
Inflammation of the Bladder, enlargement of the Prostate Gland,
Stricture, Varicocele, Bad Cases of Erysipelas. Cancer, Syphilis and
Venereal Dlseases-ABSOLUTELY INFALLIBLE-SURE CURE.
WHAT WB GUARANTEE M. I. 3. T. WIL*. CUKE.
Will cure Rheumatism, no matter how Ion? standing.
Will cure any case of Inflammation of the Bladder or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no fatter
If the patients have been for years forced to use a catheter. WILL CURE SYPHILIS IN
ANY STAGE. WILL CURE ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
Will cure all cases of Impotency that can be cored, and permanently restore youthful vigor
and vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting.
Six bottles of If. I. R. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Stricture without local treatment.
61k boxes of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Varicocele.
Will cure and remove entirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 his cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotoe
Ataxla, Spinal Trouble and apparently Incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has b°en on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of sufferers.
It if prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and abso-
lutely safe. It never Increases or diminishes the action of the heart.
-^_______ .^^^__^____ If you are suffering from any
F^P^^ m '^"^■^^ I '"'^ chronic disease you are urged to
gj Jm El , BP i write us. no matter how many doc-
ML— |rr .-ay pViuMwgi r'Wsfl '' " or kinds of mullein's you liav«
Br^KT id "1 m ™ tried without relief WE GUARAN.
H 81 V I J TEE TO CURE YOU. That you
«•■ Mmßmmamm^M . MCmmmßT'^m may Ji:dffe of the value n{ the Great
Specific for yourself, we will send
you one large case by mall FREE.
only asking that when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write conQdentlailr
to our medical. department. giving symptom,
Address M. IS, T, Co,. IK n*m and Huron Streets, Toledo, 0.
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS
Cape Nome, Golovin,
St. Michael,
tDawson,
AND ALL POINTS ON ' •
YUKON RIVER,
The Elegant Commodious
S. S. CHAS. NELSON
ANDERSON, Master.
Sailing on TiJLSDAi'. June 20th
at 4 p m., Irom JVHssion-st.
Wharf No 1.
For passage and rates of frelpht apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION
COMPANY
139 POST ST., S. F.
000000000000000000
■••»•■ PALACE "-Wo
IGRAND umMk£.%
Q SAN FRANCISCO- q
J* Connected by a covered pass&raway. , **
| O 1400 Room— 9oo »! h Bath Attached. **
. O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THE PRICES: ■ O
0 European Plan. Bl. per day and upwai-4 Q
O American Plan. s3 .OO per day .and upward A
Corretipondenco Solicited. ' vf
O JOHN 0. KIRKFATRICK Htnagtr. : O
000000000000000000
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and speclllc toma
for the sexua: and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of in*
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Bells on its own
Merit*; no long-winded testimonials necessary. '
NABKR, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
tZ» Market utieet, 8 F.— (fiend for Circular,
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
EVERY EVENING
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
By General Request, Revival of Sousa's
••••••••••••••••••••
! EL CAPITAN! I
By the Full Strength of the SOUTHWELL
OPERA COMPANY.
Reserved Seats, 25c and 60c; Gallery, 15c.
Branch Box Office Just Inside Main Entrance
Emporium. ' -
TACIANU
The World Famous Female Impersonator.
HANLEY AND JAR VIS,
Comedians and Eccentric Dancers.
WARTENBERG BROS., Musical Acrobats.
FRED NIBLO. Monologlst.
McAVOY AND MAY, Comedians.
Last week of JOHNSTONE BENNETT, as-
sisted by ANTONI WILLIAMS, in "A QUIET
EVENING AT HOME."
HENRI | FRENCH HOUDINI. the Mysterious.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
[ and -box eeat«, 60c- • - U V.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIANS
—77
: THE GRANDEST SUCCESS :
: EVER RECORDED IN LOCAL :
: THEATRICAL HISTORY. :
Received by the audience as only, a great
company would be.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS.
MR. HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY
In Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant. Comedy,
"THE LIARS."
EVERY NIGHT SUNDAY EXCLUDED
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TIVOLI c OPERA-HOUSE.
A SPONTANEOUS SUCCESS!
Elaborate Production of Lecocq's Bright
Opera,
LA FILLE
DE MADAME
ANGOT!
i With GRACE PLAISTED as CLAIRETTM
I UNEQUALED CAST! MAGNIFICENT AC-
CESSORIES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Next— OFFENBACH'S "BRIGANDS!"
Look Out for DENIS O'SULLIVAN IN"
"SHAM US O'BRIEN!"
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9
AT fA7AD SEATS BTPHON?
AL,L/AZ<AK Main 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY
MR. LEWIS MORRISON,
Supported by FLORENCE ROBERTS
Presenting the Charming Play
THE MASTER
OF CEREMONIES.
PRICES 11^l5c, 25c, 35c, s)c.
Next week— RICHELIEU.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HALL,
TO-NIGHT, at 8:30.
First Lecture In the United States by
MR. JOHN W. TAYLOR,
Ex-Superintendent of Public Schools of Baa
Francisco.
Subject: "PHIIIPPIME ISLANDS."
Their extent, productions, climatic conditions'
and natives, from recent personal observations.
Illustrated by 200 photographic views.
Reserved Seats, 50c and 75c. On sals at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
DdIUC GREAT REALISTIC
- ' ■ WAR PANORAMA!
AT ' Prof. W. Q. ROLLINSI
*-^ * the eminent orator,
MM • ] lectures half hourly-.
iVi anus ***** •*•• ■»•• ****-
Admission M*.
Bay! ChndrenMc -
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing:. Including Admission. 23c:. Children. 20c.
THE WEEKLY CALL,
r, $1 per Year.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Fllver weaker. i
Wheat unsettled. Barley dull. I
Other cereals hanged. _ ;
New Hay somewhat steadier. !
Bran and Middlings weak.
Rolled Barley lower. i
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes In good supply.
Tomatoes coming from Florida.. . j
A car of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Early Peaches glut the market.
Apricots and Bartlett Pears selling high.
Some nibbling at new dried fruit.
Provisions unchanged.
if eat market unchanged. j
Grain Bags weak.
Linseed Oil lower.
— — —^^— i
MERCANTILE TRUST COMPANY.
The Mercantile Trust Company has Issued Its i
prospectus and Is formally In business as a !
financial institution. It has a capital of J1.000,.
COO and the following directors and officers:
Directors William Paboor-k. Warren D. Clark, \
George Crocker, M. H. Hecht. E. W. Hopkins, :
W. G. Jrwln. D. O. Mills. James D. Phelan, N.
J. Hideout, Claus Spreckels, Frederick W.
Zeile. Officers— Frederick W. 7.eile. president;
N. D Hideout, vice president; John Dempster
McKee. cashier.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 12, 5 p. m.
The following are the maximum tempera
njres reported from stations in California to
day:
Stations— Deg. i Stations— Peg.
Eureka 54 fan Diego 62 '
Fresno M Sacramento 86
Los Angeles 72 Independence 92 !
Red Bluff 84 i' uma 102
Ban Luis Oblspo 80.
Sar. Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
6S; minimum, 60; mean, 59.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unusual conditions are shewn upon the j
•weather map. A depression of great depth
overlies Arizona and Southeastern California. ;
At Independence, Yuma and Phoenix the '
barometer reading is ITelow 29.50 Inches. The
pressure it- relatively high over Oregon and
Washington. Both •'- barometric and thermo- :
metric gradients are unusually steep along the 1
coast of California,
The temperature ha* fallen generally over
the country west of the Rocky Mountains'.
Over Utah and Nevada it has fallen 16 de
crees.
Rain has fallen in small quantities at Los
Angeles and at San r>t°BO.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka, 26 miles per hour from the
northwest; Winnemucca, 26 west; El Paso. 36
west: Idaho Falls. 36 south; Mount Tamalpals,
TS west.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 13, ISP9:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday; high
northerly winds in the valleys, brisk northwest
erly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather, probably showers Tuesday; brisk i
northwesterly winds; cooler in the interior.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday. ,
I'tah— Cloudy, probably showers Tuesday;
continued cool weather.
— Cloudy and unsettled weather Tues- j
day. occasional showers; cooler.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday; i
high northerly winds.
ALEXANDER Mc.ADIE.
Forecast Official.
♦
EASTERN MARKETS.
NKW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 12.— There was evidence
of large buying: by powerful financial interests
In a limited number of stocks anil of manipula
tion to advance : licet in the stock market to
day. Speculation otherwise was in a some
what quiescent state. Outside of the special
capes where prices were support ed the busi
ness done was rather heavy. Many of the rail
roads ranged downward within the limits of a
point during the early trading. There was an
organized buying throughout the- day of Fed
eral Steel, which was marked up nearly 3 [
points and closed almost at the top. There was
some sentimental effect by this on other steel
ftorks. American Steel and Wire responding
late in Uie day on covering by shorts, but
none of the gains in the group were well held
outside of Federal Steel. The so-called Flower
stocks were all well supported and Brooklyn
Transit shared Its strength with Metropolitan
Street Railway and Manhattan. This group of
New York traction stocks showed the effects
of realizing from time, to time during the day
a ■'. Mnnho-Kon wo. djn aa nj below la.-t night's
close by its weight. The grangers were taken
up at one time, St. Paul in the lead, but did
not retain ail of the gain and In some In-
Ms-nces more than lost it. The coalers were
pretty well sustained also. Other points of .
ft- gth were Chicago Terminal preferred.
Denver and Rio Grande Issues and the newly
itsued Wisconsin Central stocks. Sugar fluc
tuated up and down during the whole day. but I
always above Saturday's level. It rose at one i
time 3 points, but lost it all before the cl se.
There was no evidence of outside demand
to koep the market up and the railroad group
showed Itself affected by. the heavy tone of the
foreign Stock Exchanges, on account of political
disquietude. The announcement of the resig
nation of ' the French Ministry helped the late
Traction in prices. The engagement of an ad
ditional S2,fiOO.Ono of gold for export to-morrow,
although the probability of it had been Inti
mated, also weighed on the market. No effect
was apparent in the money market, which con
tinued decidedly easy. Exchange also, though '
It hardened a shade, continues a broad fraction
below the point where experts can figure a
profit on gold exports. It Is, in fact, generally
admitted that the gold movement is due to th»
actual buying of gold In this market to re
plenish the reserve of the Hank of England and
probably also Cor Russian purposes. This is a
precisely similar operation to that undertaken
by the United States Government through a
syndicate to replenish the gold in the Treasury
during the last administration. It is to be
noted that while the foreign money markets
are thus drawing on New York for gold as the
mo.n available source New York banks are
offering special inducements, such as paying
the exprcssage on bills remitted by Interior
correspondents, to secure a supply of legal
tender notes to meet the demand of active
business
The market for bonds was dull and sluggish
and changes are mixed. Total sales, par value
J2.5M.000. United States 4's and the s's de
clined Sk in the bid mice.
The total sales of to-day were 608,382 shares
Including: American Steel and Wire 47,600
--do preferred, 8100; American Sugar 83 200-
American Tin Plate. 4300; American Tobacco,'
9aOO; Atchison preferred, 17,600; Brooklyn Tran
sit. 63.500: Central Pacific. 3000; Burlington 2S -
000; bl ago Great Western, 4100; Chicago T
T. preferred, 5300; Consolidated Gas. 5*00; Con
tinental Tobacco, 6.">00; Denver and Rio Grande
1200; d.. preferred, 7400; Federal Steel. 13.600: do
preferred. 7000; Manhattan, 38.700; Metropolitan
t^: Missouri Pacific, 5800; New York Central
3900: Northern Pacific, 6200; Pennsylvania. 4400-
Peoples Gas of Chicago, 10.900; Reading first
preferred, »400; Rock Island. MOO; St Paul
2?™ I, ?outi ]" m Pacific. 7200; Union Pacific.
'VS.- t? r ferred. 3700: United States Leather
4300; United Rubber. 3200; Wisconsin Central
35cfl; do referred. 6100. " '
CLOSING STOCKS.
AtchUon IS 5, LA- B w 12W
Do prefd D6>» Do prefd 31U
Baltimore £• Ohio. 67 3t Paul l»7a/
Cnnaia Pacific... '■: -, Do ;.refd ' " '.'.'." ':fu*
Canada Southern.. 53» 4 Do rrefd . [70
Tent f'ac ;,2^*>o Pacific '..'.; J2U
rhes & Ohio :-:,'; 3o Ra'rwav m "
Chi & Alton 160 Do prefd .. Son;
-"hi * * Q.. 133* Texas & Pacific..:: 52
I. hi & B 111 75 Union Pacific 41V
r P° J>ret<i 124 | Do prefd 75*4
I'll! G W 13-, Wabash y2
Chi Ind .v L 9 | Do prefd mv
Do prefd 39 ' Wheel & L E new. &2
Chi &■ N W 165% Do 2d prefd _24 •
Do prefd 192 Kx] .ess Companies—
V C C & St L 54i; Adams Ex ... no
Do prefd HSU American Ex . Iv,
Del & Hudson llS'j United State*.. " 4«
Del L& w 16» Wells Fargo .. 125
len .v Rio 0 2314 Miscellaneous—
Do irefd :• A Cot Oil 36? i
Erie new ',:■> Do prefd si'
Do Ist prefd 354 Amu Spirits '..-,
Ft Wayne 184 • Do prefd ??i,
Gt Nor prefd i'.'.u Am Tobacco P8
Illinois Cent 113 Do prefd . 140
Lake File & W.... 15 Cons Gas ITS
Do jr<sfd 67^ Com Cable Co 17a
Lake Shore- 206 Col F & Iron 45*4
Louis & Nash ... ti7S no prefd 105
Manhattan L 114' i Gen Electric li'i'4
Met Bt Ry 227% Haw Com] Co 110
Mich Cent 113 Fed Steel 6*4
Minn &■ St L 58 I Do prefd S3?i
Do 8d prefd 94 Intnl Paper 4414
Mo Pacific 43*4 Do prefd n '
Mobile & Ohio . .. 40% I^a.-lede Gas f3»:
Mo KA T 12 Lead , 29
Do prefd 34Vs Do orefd 'in
N J Central 11HV 4 Brooklyn R T 11T'>
N V Central 132 1 * Nat Lin Oil 314
N V Chi & St L... 12% Pacific Mall 4V-i
Do Ist prefd 63 People's Gas 120',
Do ?d preM 2'J Pullman Pal 154
Nor West 20% Silver Cert fi<V- ,
No Amer Co 11% Standard R & T... 7%
No Pacific 48 . Sugar i:, [
Do irefd 76V1 Do prefd ...115'$
Ontario & W 27 T C & Iron ,-,!■•,
Or R&■ Nay pfd.. 72 V S Leather s*'
P« c,-, <, 39<C Do prefd 71%
Pac oast Ist pfd. S3 L' S Rubber .-,3%
Do 2d prefd 5* ' . Do prefd U6
Pittsburg I*l West Union Sou.
Reading 21>-{ Aran S & W 62rj
Do Ist prefd .... 61>% Do prefd 96%
P. G W 33 Glucose 63
Do prefd 70 Nat Steel 49>i
Rock Island 114% Colo Southern .... 6%
Ft L & S F 10% Do Ist prefd .... 46*;
Do prefd 71 ■ Do 2d prefd .... 19
Do 2d prefd .... 3tv. Nor & w prefd.... 68^
Ft P & Cm i>9«i Con Tobacco 46T4
CLOSING BONDS.
U S U, reg 101 MX & T 2ds 67
Do reg 109% Do 4s WA
Do coup 109% N V Cent lets 115%
D B new 4s reg....130-S N J Cent gen 55..121V4
Do coup 180*4 North Carolina 65.. 1274 1
U S old 4s reg 112** I Do 4s 104
Do coup 113% N P lsts 113
U S {is reg 112% Do Ss 6S
Do coup 112% Do 4 8 l"''v ;
District 3.65s 119 NYC &S L 45...107-,
Ala cla*s A 110% "Nor & W con 45... :<.'.'*
Do B 110 i Do gen 6s 132
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts ......1H
Do Currency ....100 Do 4s 102%
Atch gen 4s 102 , 0 S Line '".a 13:"*
Do adjt 4? 83 7 i Do con 5s 115
Canada So 2ds 11l Reading Gen 45... 90
C& O' 41£b 95 R G \V lsts '.. 1004
Do 5s 119 St I. &I M Con > lir.,
C& N Con 7s 144 9L& S F Gen 65.12 1 !
DO deb os 122'^ SI P Con 171
Chicago Term 45. .102 St 1' C * P lsts.. 134
D & R G lsts 106H Do 5s 123 ;
Do 4s 103* So Ry Ss Ill's
IETVa &Ga lsts.lo5 7 , Standard R&T6s 87
Erie Gen 4s 72% Term new set 35.. 95
Ft W & D C lsts.. bl'-i Tex ft Pac lsts ..114V. 1
Gen Elec is 121 Do 2ds 65% .
O H & S A 6s 113U 0 P 4s I" 1 "-*
Do 2ds Ill 1 Wahash lsts 116 1
H A T C En 113 Do Ids 99%
Do Con 6s 109 West "Shore 4s ....115Vi
tawo Cent lsts ...us wif Cent lsts 77%
X C P &G lFts... 60H Va Centuries RoVi
La new con 4.< 110*4 Do deferred S%
L * N Unl 4s 98>i Colo So 4s S9>/ 4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 28 Ontario S 00 |
Crown. Point 30 Ophir 100
Con ''Hi & Va 1 50 Plymouth 10 I
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 00:
Gould & Curry 25' Do prefd 7 50
Hnle & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 6S .
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 2".
Iron Silver 55 Union Con 33 1
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket 37
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. i
Money— West End 94 I
Call loans 3 @4 : Do prefd 116 I
Time loans 3»-i@4<,4 Westingh Eleo .... 61%
Stocks — Do pr«fd 65
AT&St Fe 17 7 Brooklyn R T 117% .
Do prefd 66V& Bonds —
Amer Sugar, ex- Atchison 4s 102
div ..-. 155 U. Wis Cent Is 76» 4 ■
Do prefd, ex-div.ll7 Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 347 Adventure 16
Boston & Albany. .2oS Allouez Mm C 0.... 8%
Boston L 1084 Atlantic 32
Boston & Maine, Boston & M0nt....34«
ex-dlv 186 Butte & Boston... .6
Chi Bur & Q 133^; Calumet Si Hecla..SoO
Ed Elec 111 200 Centennial 36 •
FitchDilrg prefd ..IIS Franklin 19U '
Gen Electric 1194 Humboldt :... 2
Fed Steel 64*, Osceola $5
Mcx cent 14 Parrott 60%:
Mich Tel 94% Quincy 165
N Y& N Ens pfd.loo Santa Fe Copper.. 12
Old Colony 204 Tamarack 210
Old Dominion 40 VVinona 14
Union Pacific 41% Wolverine 45
Union Land 7% I Utah Mining 42
MONEY MARKET.
: NKW YORK, June 13 -Close: Money on
call, st p ady, 293 per cent; last loan, 2' 2 . Prime
mercantile paper. ?. l t <<H p»r cent. Sterling ex- [
I change firmer, with actual business in bank- '
ers' hills at $4 57%'34 SS for demand and at
$4 854&9486 for 60 .lays. Posted r;i.t.-s. $4 564 ;
4R7 and $4 S9. Commercial hills. $4 85@4 854
1 Silver certificates. t>o l 2<fffi2c. Bar sliver,
Mexican dollars. 48" 2 c. Government bonds,
weak. State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
! irregular.
LONDON* FINANCIAL MARKET.
I NEW YORK. June 12 The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram snys:
The markets here were decidedly better to
day on more favorable news of the African
j pltuatlon. A rumor was circulated that Eng
land has bought and will shortly occupy
I'elsg.^a Bay. Americans- were about parity all
day. New York bought at first, but later sold
Atchison preferred and Northern Pacific com- 1
men, and the whole list .ir. pped back, clos
ing well below the best. Denver preferred and
St. Paul were the strongest feature.:. Loule
-1 vllle and Nashville were In some request on
dividend expectation. Tintos were 4Ti « ; Ana
condas, 10%. The bank bought £25L000 Ameri
, can gold coin and £24, (Mi was withdrawn, mi- ,
ver was weak.
CLOSK.
LONDON, June «. Canadian Pacific, IWH;
Northern Pacific preferred. ~*\; T'nlon Pacific
I preferred, 77^; Grand Trunk. S; Ana
, I<>\; bar silver dull, 27 7 id per ounce. Money,
l'<7l'< per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND FROnrr-K.
NEW YORK, June 12— FLOUR— Receipts.
27,283 barrels; exports, 14.532 barrels. Sales
, 4500 packages. Market firm and more active 1
on spring patents and bakers. Winter patents. ;
I 13 S5@4J
WHEAT— Receipts, 126,650; exports. 56.514;
pales. 5,425,000 bushels. Futures. 280.000 bush
els, all ports. Spot easy. No. 2 red, S3c spot
1 and to arrive f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. Sic, !
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, S3^ic f. o. b.
i afloat. No. 1 hard Manitoba, Mo f. ... b. afloat. .
j Option? opened easier as compared with Sat
j urday'? close and sold und«>r active realizing.
1 Partial midday reaction superinduced by ex- ;
port demand was succeeded by a final break,
i due to further bear attacks and unloading. !
; Closed weak at V advance over Saturday's
close, but !"•«• under the late curb prices. July.
81@S2 3-]6c. closing Sic; December, 82 3-H® '
E3Vic. closing, S2'.ic
BOPS Quiet.
HIDES -Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The situation in the local metal
market, so far as business Is concerned. Is un
satisfactory. Price changes, however, are more
significant, this being particularly true of pig
iron, copper and tin. The news from primary |
points and foreign markets was not radically
different from expectations. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON— Warrants, entirely nominal at
. $13 50.
TlN— Quiet, ?25 70 bid and $25 SO asked.
COPPER— Lake, quiet. $18 25 bid and $18 50
asked.
LEAD— Quiet. $4 45 bid and $4 50 asked.
SPELTER— Weak. J6 25 bid and $6 50 asked.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 2.". and for !
copper US 2 : -" 18 50.
COFFEE— Options, quiet. Sales. 11,750 bags,
: including July, $4 65fi4 70; August, M 75: Sep
i tember. $4 80; December, $5 20{j5 25; March
$5 40. Spot coffee— Rio. dull, quiet '
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm and active.
BUTTER— SIow receipts, 10,467 packages;
Western creamery, 15@18%c; imitation do 12'«.
©14c.
EGGS— Firm. Receipts. 13,477 packages.
Market firm; Western, 14>4(R15V>.c; Southern 10
g I2'4c. " .
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 12.— California dried
fruits:
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 7®Bc;
prime wire tray, SU@S>ic; choree, B\@9c;
fancy, 9'i@9^c.
PRUNES— 3%@9c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14fl4Hc; Moorpark, 14®
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9%<gllc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
j CHICAGO, June 12.— The effect of the un-
I expectedly bullish Government crop report
given out Saturday was apparent at the open
ing in wheat, but It was Boon shown that
| other influences had superseded it in the minds
lof speculators. The opening in July ranged
I all the way from 76 5 i77c, compared with
, Saturday's closing price of 75 l /4C. It sold at
I once at 76>4c, but rallied almost immediately
to 76!feC. But in this little spasm of nervous
, ness was dissipated all the effect of the Gov
i ernment report. The selling was heavy on the
bulge. Commission houses were ' in the mar
ket with big lots. For a short time the mar
ket held up under the liquidation, but finally
; broke, 76% c being touched nerore any reaction
; occurred. Heavy flour sales reported from
the Northwest caused a cessation of liquidation
i from that direction, but In the meantime local
holders had apparently lost confidence and the
offerings at all times exceeded the demand.
The enormous Western movement became the
, one factor as the session advancd. The Mani
toba Government report gave an Increased
wheat acreage with an almost perfect con
i dition. Domestic ' crop news was unfavorable
- as regards winter wheat, but favorable as to
Fprlng wheat. . The market became very weak
toward the close on the announcement of the
! estimated receipts of 400 cars. July finally
i sold down to 7o'/ic and closed at 75'4@75%c.
• Corn early was steady with wheat. Fears
that the strike in Buffalo would again mi
i volve the elevators weakened the market later
and prices gradually slid off.
Oats were independently strong. There was
I again a good demand, mainly for the deferred
I futures, some of the foreign account, and the
most bullish crop report restored prices dur
. ing the decline of ether grains. Selling was
scattered. Receipts were 167 cars. July closed
! Vie higher.
Provisions were steady considering the large
run of hogs and lower yard prices. There
was moderate general buying demand and sell
; Ing was scattered. Trade on the whole was
I small and prices kept within a narrow range
t At the close July pork was unchanged, lard
2 1 , c higher and ribs 2' 4 c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close?
Wheat No. 2—
July ■■■■ 77 . 77 ■ 75* 75*
September 7S '.'7B 76V4 76Vi
j December 79 79 ■ 77? i 771.
Corn No. 2— * • '*
! July 34 34 3.t<* 33*4
September 344 34 331* 33*;
December 33% 33% tSU 331.
Oats No. 2— *
July 23>i 23% 23^4 23**
September 2OTs 21 20% 20%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
: July 805 8 07»4 805 8-071.
September S 20 S 25 8 05 8 25
Lard, per 160 pounds —
July 495 4 S7H 495 4 9714
September 5 05 5 10-605 610
Short nibs, per 100 pounds— .
July 463 4 62V4 465 4 62'-
September 4 70 4 75 4 70 4 75 "
I Cash quotations -were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 72>/4®7Be-
No. 2 red. 76V4@79c; No. 2 corn. 33%333%c; No.
I 2 oats. 25<325%c: No. 3 white. 1 29» 4 c: No 2
j rye, 69c; No. 2 barley, Ssh@36l*c; No. 1 flax
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 13, 1899.
■
■red, $1 034: new winter, $1 05»4@l 06; prime
timothy seed, $2 30: mess pork, per barrel, $7 25
(g<: 10: lard, per 100 pounds, $4 82Vi<??4 95; short
ribs sides (loose). $4 45@4 70: dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 4'j:"g4 4 c; short clear sides (box
ed). $4 Ss@4 9.">; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon. $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13,000 . 10,000
Wheat bushels 153.000 9,000
Corn bushels 543,000 735.000 |
Oats, bushels 405,000 341.000 |
Rye, bushels ...... 600
Barley, bushels 9.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 13%i53!15c; Dai
ries, 10@16c. ' Cheese, easy, 7»i@S l <.c. Eggs,
steady; rresh, 12c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
•Wheat— . . . ' July. S-pt.
Opening 6 1 6 2Vs
Closing 6.0.i 6 1%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June, ' Sept.-Dec.
Opening • 20 10 20 60
Closing 20 10 20 60
Flour —
Opening 43 20 25 15
Closing 43 16 28 2;.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realised the following prices for Califor
nia fruit sold at auction to-day:
Simon] Prunes, single crates, average $5 13: |
Burbanh Plums, average $4 13: Tragedy Prunes, j
$2 pnsj3 3S, average $:< 21: Royal Apricots, $2 35® j
2 S5, average $3 58: Alexander Peaches, boxes, ;
$1 1091 75, average $141; Clyman Plums, single
crates, Jl IB@l SO, average $141; Royal Hative,
$1 25®1 40, average $131; Klondike Plums, aver
no $2 75; Royal Ann Cherries, boxes, Jl 90,? ,
4, average $2 43; Centennial, $1 56©1 70. average i
$1 64; Blgarreau, $1 36-51 55, average $1 43; Black !
Tartarian, average Jl 41 Six cars sold.
BOSTON June 12— Royal Ann Cherries, |
boxes, average $1 P2 ; Centennial, average $1 90; j
BigarreaU. 90f£$l 60, average $1 &4: Black Tar- |
tarian, 80c@Jl 80, average $1 50: Governor Wood, :
average Jl 12; Clyman Plums, single crates. ;
$! lull 75, average 49; St. Catherines, aver- ;
age $138; Alexander Peaches, 95c(gjl 60, average ;
Jl 37. Five cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Juno 12.— Tragedy Prunes, single
Crates, average $2 42: Clyman Plums, average
$1 40; Royal Apricots, average $2 30: Alexander
Peaches, boxes, average $1 09; Royal Ann Cher
ries, boxes, $1 3502 25, average Jl 83; Bigar
reau, $1 46©1 75, average $1 6«; Black Tarta
rian, Jl@l 55. average $1 40. ♦■>
PHILADELPHIA, June 12.— Tragedy Prunes,
single crates, average $3; Royal Apricots, aver- 1
age $2 89: Alexander Peaches, boxes, average
$147; Royal Ann cherries, 86c@$l 60, average
Jl 40; Blgarr»au, 60c<gJl 45, average Jl 35; Black j
Tartarian, average SSc; Centennial, average Jl. .
Two cars sold. •;
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
! CHICAGO, June 12.— CATTLE— Good cattle :
; told freely at prices averaging 10c higher. Un- I
[ desirable lots were hard to dispose of. Good |
1 to fancy steers brought $4 Bo@6 60; common to
1 medium grades. $4 2.".'04 80. Feeding cattle sold
• at $3 76®6 15; bulls, cows and heifers, $2 "5@
5 10, the latter price for fancy heifers; West-
I crn fed steers, $4 50i5?5 30; Texas steers, $4 50(W
i '■: calves. $( 25@7 25.
■ HOGS — Receipts of hogs were heavy and,
I though the demand was good, sales were mostly
■ at a decline of about 2Vic; heavy hogs sold at
$3. r ,O(p3SO; mixed lots, $3 62%@382H; light.
! $3 t>2^i^-3 ■ .-,; Pigs, $3 25*23 70, and culls, $1 SO®
I 3 50.
SHEEP— was a good demand for sheep
I and lambs and prices moved up 10c to 15c.
i Prime wooled Colorado lambs brought $6t?6 10;
clipped lambs. S4fi. 60; sheep sol. at $2 50@
3 50 for culls up to $4 6,'>@s, fancy lights bring
ing the best prices. Spring lambs brought
i $4 r.O'C7.
Receipts— Cattle, 16,000; hogs, 50,000; sheep,
! 14,000.
MONTHLY EXPORT STATEMENT.
I ■
j WASHINGTON. June 12.— The monthly state
j ment of the exports of domestic products of
( the United States shows that during May,
1899, the exports were as follows:
Breadstuffs, $19.63«,313; decrease, about $18,
--500.000, as compared with May, IS9S. Cattle and
Viogs. $2.553.745: increase, about 1245.000. Pro
visions. $31,009,076; decrease. $2,474,500. Cotton.
$9,610,617; decrease. $2,500,000. Mineral oils,
; $5,212,928; increase. $641,000. Total, $60,845,689,
! at against $73,122,571 for May, 189 S.
For the eleven months of the present fiscal
year the exports amounted to $667,868,281, as
j against (747,665,807 for the corresponding period
I last year.
FORF.IG-X MARKETS.
LONDON, .Tune 12 -Consols. lfi<; 1 1 -i*; : silver.
27 T ,d; French rentes, U'2f I<V; wheat cargoes
< fT ■■oa^t. nothing doing; < argoes on passage,
rather firmer; cargoes No. l Standard Cali
fornia, 29s 9d; cargoes Walla Walla. 29s I'M;
Ensrlish country markets, quiet; import into
a Kingdom, whent, 297.000; Import Into
United Kingdom', Hour, 233,000; wheat and flour '
en passage t' rnited Kingdom, 3,340,000; wheat
and flour '-n passage to Continent, 1,730,000;
Indian shipments wh»at to United Kingdom.
I'-i.i.n shipments wheat to Continent,
LIVERPOOL, June 12.-Wiie.it. firm; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country matkr-ts. dull.
COTTi >N Uplands, 3 l-32d.
CLOSE.
LIVERPOOL. -Tune 12.— WHEAT— Spot No. 2
r pfl Western winter, firm, fis ' 2 d; No. 1 red
Northern Duluth, firm, 6s fid. Futures closed
t; July, 8s '«d; September, 6s l^d.
CORN Spot American mixed new, 3s 5%»d:
old do, 3s 6d.
AVAILABLE GRAIN BVPPLY.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The statement of
visil.le supply of cralr. on Saturday. June 10,
1 as compiled by the New York Produce Ex
change is as follows:
Wheat, 27,ti17."<»i bushels; increase, 1,432.(KXi
bushels. Corn, 13,266,000; decrease, 91,000. Oats,
1; decrease, 18S.00Q; rye. 881,000; decrease,
barley, 1,624,000; decrease, 28,000.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
i WASHINGTON, June 12.— T0-day's ptate
' ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available > nsh balance, $272,412,728; gold re
serve, $234",34%,676.
I BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, 111 . June 12. — Butter, firm; offerings.
269 tubs; sales, 17fi tubs, at We.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. June 12.— COTTON— Steady.
[ Middling. SatC.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 12.— Locally 58c wag
; about the ruling figure for Walla Walla wheat
! to-day, although from ! 2 c to lc more was re
ported to have been offered. Valley Is easy
at i9c and blue stem at 61c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., June 12.— The opening of
am ther week was signalized by the heaviest
receipts for a single day known this sea
son, seventy-two cars coming in. The mar
ket w;is without Improvement as to prices, club
reii lining at 5Sc; blue Ktem 6ic.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., June 12.- Clearings, $338,
--788; balances, $42,135.
LOCAL MARKETS.
~. EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
1 Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
! Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
'■ Sterling Cables — 4 SO
New York Exchange, sight — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — IS
I Mexican Dollar* : — 49%@50
; Fine Sllevr, per ounce — . 60V4
' WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— opened steady, with local
buying on St. Louis account, and trade seemed
to be broadening. It was a professional mar
ket, however, and In view of the bull news
■coming In no considerable decline was expected.
Prices advanced from 75% cto 77c and fell back
to 75 l at the close. ■ • "• •
The local market followed Chicago, as usual.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. Jl 06U@; <>8\; milling,
$1 10@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
16.000 .tip. fllSVfc; 2000. $118%: 20.000, $119.
I Second December— 2ooo ctls, $1 1554 •
SOOO, $1 IS%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 10 000
ctls. $1 18%; 14,000. $1 18%.
Afternoon Session — December ' — 4000 ctls
$1 18%; 4000. $1 18%; 80.000, $1 18; 22,000, $1 17%. '
BARLEY— The market opened ■ the . • week
quietly at unchanged quotations.
Feed, Jl@l or,; Brewing, $1 07%©1 10 per ctl
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock sales.
Second Session — Seller • '99, new — 2000 ctl«
84% c; 2000, 85c; 2000, 85Hc
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls
Xc; 2000. 84% c. '
j OATS— The market continues dull and sellers
would probably have to shade the quotations
to effect sales.
Fancy teed, $1 47* i©l SO per ctl; gooa to
choice $1 42Ui{rl 47%: common. $1 Si I*®!1 *®! 40;
Surprise, $1 60-51 55: Gray, Jl Ss@l 45; Milling
$1 45©1 50 per ctl; Red, $1 Ss®l 40; Black, Jl 36
CORN—
SmalPrpuna Yellow, , $1 80®l 32%: - Eastern
'af«e Yellow, Jl 12%; White, li 15©1 17U^
RYE-*97Hc|n osl Sl'Sr 1 * whue nomlnaV
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI '
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60(313 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 4(1@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. J3 40@3 45 per barrel for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and J2 20(^2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, J"; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. J4 50®4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $?. 25ig3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4^4 25. Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (.barrels), J6 55(U6 95; In 6acks, J6 Js@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $•,; Split Peat. $4 50; Green Peas
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were rather larger, as usual
on Mo nday, and the market continued dull.
Three cars of choice wild outs sold at $8, but
the sale was exceptional, a? it was very tin»
Hay. At the same time, new Hay Is bringing
rather more money than of late, as there Is
an increasing demand for It. Old Hay Is dull.
Bran and Middlings are less firm, as there is
rather more on the market.
Rolled Barley Is lower.
BRAN— JI6 sd<Sl7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-- 51S-5T20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, J22 80023 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. C 5©26 60; Job
bing, J27 Ko; Cocoanut Cake, $21(522; Cornmeal,
$23 :<oft-24 50; Cracked Corn. $24(a > 25: Mixed
Feed, $15Q16; Cottonseed Meal. $24fg26 per-ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat. JlO^ll 50 for good to
i choice and $£#9 50 for lower grades; Wheat and
! Oat, JS(giOso: Oat, $7@-9 50: Bajley, $608: Al
-1 falfa. $5@7.
NEW HAY— Wheat. tSffifl; Wheat and Oat.
JS(9S 50: Wild Oat, $c 50@7 50; Alfalfa, Jl 5(Wi6 50
I pec ton.
STRAW-25®50c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayoo. Jl 40®l 5(1; Small Wnlte, J2
S?2 07>ri; Largo White. $1 6001 65: Pinks, Jl 65®
I 85; Reds, J3 40; Blackeye, J4#-', 10; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $3 90ig4; Pea. Jl Sb^2 \o; R*d
Kidneys, J2 50 per ctl.
SEKDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%Ci£3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2%c per lb; Alfalfa, S4<g»Vic; Rape, 3@3^c;
Hemp, 4V«g4Hc; Timothy. 4^@sVic.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 5001 90; Green, $1 75
©2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There Is no particular change In Potatoes.
New Sllverskin Onions appeared.
A car of Florida Tomatoes Is expected here
on Friday. • ■
String. Beans continue in large supply and
cheap. The Tanners buy at lc per lb. Cucum
bers and Tomatoes are in light supply and
firm. Cabbage is lower.
POTATOES Potatoes, $1 4 ''"3l new
Early Rose, $1 10@l 35; Burbanks, $1 35@1 60 per
i ctl on the wharf.
ONIONS- New, 30rg4Oc per sack for red and
»I@l '■: per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 75c@$I 25 per box
for No. 2. $1'60@175 for No. 1 and *2@2 25 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 35c«?$l per box: Green Peas,
lV4@2Hc per ih; String Beans, l@3%c for Green
! and 8c for Golden Wax: Horse Beans, 40050 c
per pack'; cabbage, 90c@Jl; Tomatoes, $2®2 75
per box; Mexican Tomatoes, ; Egg Plant,
12' 2 r per lb; Garlic, 3(g4c for new; Dried Okra,
15c per It>; Dried Peppers. lie. Green Peppers,
12H@15c; Carrots, BO@4Oc per sack; Sacramento
and Marysville Cucumbers, Sl^'l 75 per box;
Summer Squash, 40©75 c per box for Vacaville
and $1.25^150 for Bay; Green Corn, 15<?30c per
dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern came in late in the djiy and
sales of Hens were made at $7 50*18.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gob
blers and 14*5150 for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 2581 50; Ducks, $4i?5 for
old and $4 50(g7 for young; Hens, $5 50<8>6 50
--young Roosters. $6^R; old Roosters. $5 50@«-
Fryers, $4 50©5; Broilers, $3(54 for large $2®
2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 26©2 per dozen for
old and $1 2502 for Squabs.
Nominal. •:
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Eggs are in ample supply at un
chn lined quotations. There is no change in
Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 18Ui@19e; seconds.
17HO1SC.
Dairy— Fancy. 17@17Vic; good to choice, 150
16Vic; store, IZQHc per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. S@SHc: old, 7»/ac;
Ycung America. 10c; Eastern, 13@15c
EGGS— Quoted at 17@18c for store and l'j@2oc
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@18c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market is glutted with early Peaches.
They are coming in soft and otherwise poor,
and as a. rule are In no condition to ship.
Appier, and Pears are also In heavy stock and
cheap. Apricots are steady at the pood prices.
The canners are paying the following prices
for future delivery: Peaches, $20 for frees and
$30 for clings: Apricots, $30S?SQ per ton, accord
ing to sire, quality and district ; Bartlett Pears
?<<><g4s per ton.
Cherries are petering out and have again ad
vanced.
Raspberries and Blackberries are lower. Cur
rants are steady. No small Strawberries of
any consequence came in. Receipts of Rasp
berries were heavy.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 25@35c per small and 75cf$l per large
box and 25@35c per basket.
Barries— Gooseberries, 40'i?4oc per drawer and
»...'•• per' lb in bulk; Blackberries, $6(gß per
chest: from Fresno, 50©85 c per crate; from
Newcastle, 65®H5c; Strawberries, per chest
for. small and $4 SOgr 6 for large berries; Rasp
berries, $6fiS per chest; Newcastle Raspberries,
90, -, ; $i per crate; Logan Berries, $5J}7 per chest.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, $2@2 50 per
crate.
Currants, $3ig4 50 per chest.
Cherries, Sse£?sl 10 per box for black; Royal
Anne. 85c®5136; black. In bulk. S»SlOc per lb;
Royal Anne, 7@loc; cracked Cherries, 4@6c.
Green Pears, 25960 c per box and 15®25c per
basket; Bartletts, $1 per small box.
Figs, 35c@$l 50 per box for black and for
■white.
Apricots, 60c@$l per box and 25<g50c per bas
ket for Royals.
Peaches, 20g50c per box and 25tf50c per bas
ket.
Plums, 35@65c per box.
Cherry Plums. 25 ; j7;if>e per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 60@4
per box; Seedlings, SI 25^2 25; Mediterranean
Sweets. $2<g3; Lemons, SIWI 50 for common
and $2(33 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4
'64 59; California Limes, - — per small box;
Grape Fruit, 60c<g$l; Bananas, $1 30@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2ig3 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Growers are asking 9@loc for new Apricots,
but buyers do not want to pay these figures.
Evaporated Apples are offered at Re. July deliv
ery- Buyers will pay s@s^c for new Peaches.
but growers will not sell at these figures. There
Is no talk of Prune*.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50" 5@
6Vic for 50-60' 4©4 ; ,^c for 60-70's. 3 ] /4!S'3 lic for
70-80' s, 2%<§3>hC for 80-90' s, 2%@2*ic for 30-100' s
and 2@2Hc for 100-no's; Peaches, BVt®9 I Tjc for
good to choice, 10@10%c for fancy and 14@15c
for peeled: Apricots, 12W«13c for Royals and
14@15c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 9V4@
10c; sun dried, out; . Elack Figs, out; Plums
nominal. l',ic for unpitted and 4V4@6c for pitted';
Pears, 3@&c. according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3'>ic for two-crown, 494 c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown. 4',-><ff6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3^c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
Chestnuts. 7c per rt>; Walnuts. s@gc
for hardshell. 10@llc for softshell; Almonds 8@
9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell, 14i@160 for
papershell; Peanuts, 6@"c for Eastern and 4U®
6c for California; Cocoa nuts, $4 'iO(jJS.
HONEY— 10$ lie for bright and v S<s3c
fcr lower grades; water white extracted 6V4®
7c; light amber extracted, 6%@6%c; dark, 5@
5V»c per lb. •
BEESWAX— 2S«g27c per It).
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Sc per for heavy,
S%@9c for light medium, lOHOUc 'or light, 12c
for extra light and 12Vl.fi 130 for sugar c^red;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll'/4@l2c; California.
Hams, 10% c: Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $16 50; mess
»15@15 60; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at SHSS>-4c per lb for
compound and 6Vi@7c for pure; half barrels
pure, 7'4c; 10-lb tins. 7%@Sc; 5-lb tins, SfiSVc"
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6H@6'/»c: package..'
less than 300 rbs, 1-rb pails, 60 In a case, S&c
3-rb pails. 20 in a case, S%c; 5-rb pails, 12 in a
case, 8V4o: 10- It) pails, 6in a case. S»4c; 50-rb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7"£c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B^c: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
b*rrele, about 110 lbs. ~\c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy Baited
Bteers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9%c; Cowhides,
9V4c; Stags. 6V4c; Salted Kip. 9&c; Calf, 10c;
dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands, 13c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15&15>*c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, Bhearlmgs. 2u(g3sc each; short
Wool, 33050 c each;, medium, CC@7sc; long Wool
90c@*l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt,. $2®;! 50 for
large and $1 tor small; Colts, Me.
TALLOW— 1 rendered. - 4®4Vic per lb; No.
2, ZluZ^c: refined. - — ; grease, 20. '
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southerns, -7 months. 7'(?9c; Foothill and North
ern free, 11@13%c; Foothill and Northern de
fective, S@llc; Nevada, -10S:i3c; San Joaquin
Foothill free. 9@llc; do defective, 7@9c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino.' 16(g 16c: Eastern Oregon,
111313 c for choice and 9QIIC for fair to good
HOPS— IS9B crop, 33@17V4c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Quotations remain undisturbed. .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to Healers:
BEEF— 7%@S%c per 1b for Steers and 6^@7c
for Cows. - r
VEAL— 7@9c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 7o per lb.
LAMB— 7H@Bc per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%@sHc for small. 6%a
5T4c for medium and 6@s>/4o for large; stock
M.ofß and Feeders, 4\^sc ; dressed Hogs, 7@3%c
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
. BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, weaker at 5%(8>
s*»c; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentin Bags.
$4 95. ... : .' :,' . i
COAL— Wellington, $8. per ton; New. Welling
ton, $Sj Southfleid Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5; .Watlsend, '. *7 60;
Scotch, 18; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania . Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 . per ton in bulk and $14
In sack*. • •'
LINSEED OIL— Is lower at 4Sc per gallon
In barrels for raw and 50c for boiled. Cases,
5c more. ' ' ■ ■
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c;
Powdered. D%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
J Granulated, s>4c; Confectioners' A, s^4c; Call
■ fornia A. sc; Magnolia A, 4 7 % c; Extra C, 4%c;
--i Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels.
He more; boxes, V4c more; 60-lb bags. Vie more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. . . - . .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, June 12.
Flour, qr sks .... 8,15 V Bran, sk« ....... 1.400
Wheat, ctls 67". Middlings, ska... 270
Barley, ctls 3,270 Wool, bales 230
Oats, ctls ....... 920 Hay, tons 435
Cheese, etln 15 Pelts, bills :. 145
Ilutt^r, .tit. 175 Hides. No 354
Tallow, ctls 217 Eggs. DOS 10,740
Beans, sks 307 Leather, rolls ... 57
Shorts, sks ...... 50 Wine, gals 62,00 ft
Potatoes, sks 2.43.". Sugar, sks 575
Onions, sks 255 Sugar, bbls 142
OREGON. ' -
Flour, Qr sks .... 3.451 Bran, sks 533
Oats, ctls 2.080 Shorts, sks 240
-.:*•,.; . WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3,816 [W001, bales ...... 257
Flaxseed, site .... 821 1 '?■;. *',{-'
EASTERN.
Malt, sks 1,130 . • .
THE STOCK MARKET.
The only change of note In securities on the
morning session was an advance in Oceanic
Steamship to $S5.
On the afternoon call Gas and Electric ad
vanced to JB9 75.
Mining stocks stood about the same. The
telegram from the pump said: ''Yesterday
afternoon the discharge of No. 1 elevator be
came defective. We ran It until the regular
| time fcr shutting down, with the mine water
■ slowly saining on It. Will now run No. 2 ele
; vator on half time ami ke.-:> the water just
nl>'\e the 1960 level. As soon as No. 1 ele
vator has l»on strengthened we can quickly
recover the ground that we have been draining
for the past week, as the flow of water from
the 1850 level was getting less yesterday."
The May Day Gold and Silver Mining Com
pany of Calaveras County has levied an assess
i ment of 10c per share, delinquent July 10.
I The Silver King Mining Company of Ari
-1 zona has levied an assessment ot 25c per share,
; delinquent July 10.
The National Consolidated Mining Company
| of Shasta County has levied an assessment of
I 5c per share, delinquent July 10.
The following companies report cash on hand
June 1: Alpha Con.. $1564; Alta. $48. with JMuO
i due the hank; Andes, $4117; Belcher, $4693; Best
j & Bel. her. $2010; Bullion. $4121; Caledonia,
$4174; ''hollar, $473>*; Consolidated California
I and Virginia, $32,916. with balance of an as-
I sessment to be collected; Confidence, $.'179, with
I May expenses unpaid; Con. New York. $3Oi;
Crown Point. $8095; challenge Con., $1194; Con.
Imperial, SSM; Exchequer, $751; Gould & Curry,
(280, with j2fNtQ due the bank and an assess
ment being collected; Hale & Norcross, $7608,
with bills payable of $1755; Julia Con., $11S9;
Justice, $220, with bullion clean-up to be re
ceived; Mexican, an indebtedness of $530, with
an assessment being collected; Ophir, $66^.3 In
cash; (Herman. $1557; Potosl, $6S.=>3, with bills
payable of $2MO; Seg. Belcher. $1:*9»; Scorpion.
$24; .Sierra Nevada. $K944; Silver Hill, $67, with
bills payable of $100; Standard Con., $75,008,
with May expenses unpaid; Syndicate, $1596;
Union Con.. $5918, and I'tah Con., $22t*\
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140 level,
the- soulh drift from the main west drift oppo
site thr> north drift was advanced 30 feet; total
i length, 4<i feet; face in porphyry and clay,
with stringers of quarts. Kast crosscut No. 2,
started at a point ,vi feel south from east cross
cut No. 1, lias been advanced 17 feet; total
length, 50 f e<-t ; face in clay and y>orphyry.
WO level The north drift, started from the
wept end of west crosscut No. 2. has been ad
vanced 6 feet, total length, 77 feet; face in
clay and porphyry.
In the Consolidated California and Virginia
mine, on the Hflo level, the west drift has been
extended IS feet; total, Wi feet, fa<-« in soft
hanging wall rock. 1650 level Necessary re
pairs are being made on this level. 1750 l^vel -
At a point 94 feet south from the west cross
cut that passes the winze station they have
cut out for two sill sets, and while doing so
have extracted 22 cars, equal to about SO tons
of ore of the avers Be assny value of, gold,
HI "4, nnd sliver. 3.41 ounces per ton. Part of
this ore is from old timbers and part from new
ground. They have no regular force at work
in this ground an yet. hut men will be put
to work on this ore as soon as repairs are
completed on the main hoist. IKRO level— The
station on this level has been used for shaft
work. 1950 level— This level wa* recovered on
the 7th Inst., and after the station had been
examined they started to clean and repair It.
; The station is one consisting of a regular
: working and pump-bob station, and it will
I have to be thoroughly timbered and rearranged.
■ From the station the main west drift has heen
closed by timbers that they have not yet dis
turbed, as below the station there Is a large
stream of water flowing into the shaft that may
he running from a bulkhead on the level. Be
fore opening this level the station will be
thoroughly impaired. They have secured all the
defective timbers and the station is safe for
the present. On the surface the main hoist Is
being repaired and will probably be finished in
about five days. While this work is being
done all underground work will be suspended
In the ('hollar and Potosi mines the joint west
tunnel has been advanced during the week 40
feet; total length. 132 feet; face in porphyry
Sutro tunnel level -The Zadig- drift has been
i cleaned out and retlmbered 16 feet during the
( week; total, 313 feet; face In badly caved
I ground.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, June 12—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
Bonds—. I Mutual El Co. 14« 15
Is* quar c0up. .114 «— Oakland Gas.. 45 47%
»s quar reg... — — ;p a c Gas Imp.. 70 71
«s quar new..129%i50 P«n j, rv>. .. ... 4A
is quar coup. .loß — 8F G & E.... 69% 69* i
Miscellaneous- San Fran 3<fc 3*.
Cal-st Cab 58.117 _ Stockton Gas. 12 -
CC Wat ...11l 112% 1 Insurance
j E L & P 65. .131 132 Firem's Fund.22o ' —
F & Cl Ry 65. 115% - Bank Stocks-
Geary-st R ss. 90 M Anjtlo-Cal .... — 65%
"C * S R%5..102% - Bank of Ca1.. 264 -
L A Ry ss. 107 107% Cal S D &T. — 99
L A L Co 6s.lolMi — Flrjt Natlonl.22o
Do «mM fis.lol% - L on P & A. ...130 131%
L A L Co 6s. — 102% Mer . Exchange — IS '
Mnrket-*t «5..12* — iNevNat Bk. — ISO
Do Ist M Rs. — — I Savings . Banks—
ItsC KG R 75.108 — Ger S & L..1600 1650
N Hy Cal 65.. — 117 Hum B .5- L.1050 1160
NR of Cal 55.113Vi114> 4 Mutual Say. 35 —
N VC R H «s. — . 10s P }•■ Shy V.. 500 —
NPC R R 58.108 — s & L So.. — 87V4
N Cal R R ss.Hl - ,security SB — 300 "
Oak Gas 55.. .111 — ;Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 65. .127 1.10 i Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 69.107 103 California ....116 -
P&O 6s 117 — CJeary 50 _
Powell-st 6?... — 122% Market-st 60U 62 1
Sac El Ry ss. - - Oak S L 4 H - -
SF& N P 55. 11? — Presidio — 16
S F & S 1141*115 powder—
Herraß Cal 6s.l<W% — California .... — 175
S P of A 65. .113%— F Dynamite... *7>4 _
S P C 6s (IMS) - 113H Giant Con Co. 73% 74
aPC 6s (1906) - - .Vigorlt 3% -3%
- PC 6s (1912) - — I ar- * %
SPCIs eg 53.104 — liana P C 0... IS
S P Br 65.. ...124 - Haw C & SC. 99H101
.s v Wat 1.5...11S — Hutch S P Co. 33% 33":
|S V Wat 45...104>i - Kilauea S Co. 30»i -'"
a V W4s^3dm).Wl%lo2 Onomea 8 Co. 4OV» 41
Stktn Gas 6a.. 102% - Paauhau Si P. 401! 41
water Stocks— | Mi«c<M!nneous-
Contra Costa.. 69% 70 AI Par Assn. ll'i^m
Marln <> . .. £0 - Ger Ld Wks..2su -
Spring Valley. — 101% Mer Ex Aissri. M _
1 Ua* and Electric- ' Oceanic S Co. 84% 85%
i Capital Gas... — — pae a Ka. 2% iv
Central G Co.. - - ac C Bor Co. - 130
rent T. * P.. - 7 ar Paint Co.. Vk -
i Equit O L Co. 4\ S "
Morning Session.
' Board— :.' •
350 Equitable Gas ......'. ' sqa
50 liana Plantation Co- ...!I! 17 75
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...! .100 00
100 Hutchlnson 6 PCo ..'. ... , "anu
50 Hutchinson S P Co, cash '..'. " 33 50
45 Hutchlnson S P Co .;...... •>■> en
10 Market Street Railway ••••••••• j» oi>
flS.OfiO Market St Ry Ist con 5 per ct bds 117 'no
25 Mutual Electric Light ........... , 14 c 7 i
20 Oceanic SS Co ......:...... '" si no '
80 Paauhau S P Co "'" 41 m
50 Pnauhau S P Co .". ...."""/ 40 S7U
115 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.. 68 2> '
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co. fiX 00
5 Spring Valley Water !!l«150
50 Contra Costa Water 70 00
Afternoon Session. " •.
Board—
60 Contra Costa Water 70 (in
100 Equitable Gas ......* "" 4 , v
40 Giant Powder Con "/. 74 n*l
75 Hana Plantation- Co ' ••■......'.'.'. 175-1,
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar., 100 fin 2
170 Hutchinson S P Co .......... "" « ,-L
15 Spring Valley Water !'.'.!'."ioi so
2.'. San. Francisco Gas & Electric Co." 69 00
21 San Francisco Gas & Electric. Co..!! 69 25
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co " 61 3-1
I 85 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.." 69 50 a
125 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co. fin «
Street— -. " °
$3000 Contra Costa Water bonds 119 on
$4000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds. ...!" 'm* on 1
$5000 S V Water 4 percent bonds "104 50
;-■••'■ . INVESTMENT ., BOARD.
Morning Session.
. Board — •
20 Market Street Railway ........ e-i m
100 Vlgorlt Powder ..!"" 3 - n
50 Central Light and P0wer....... » in
35 Paauhau S P Co .......' !!!! 40 75
'' : ■' ■ Afternoon Session.
Board— -v ■ , ■ . " • ■■ v '
20 Spring Valley Water ..:.. 101 vru.
40 Mutual Electric Light.....; ' 1^ on
60 Hutchlnson S P Co \\\\ 33 59
50Paaur.au S PCo... f '»
20 Market Street. Ra way g»
10 Market Street Railway, 61 37%
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— :' A.' 40 ,- ■
50 Onomea Sugar Co *' r?
$500 U S 3 per cent bonds ™ «V
100 Vigorit Powder ■: •• • • *"
Street— ?■• . f ma no
$100 U S 3 per cent bonds .....ius uu
. * Afternoon Session.
. Board—- " Inn
BO.Equitable Gas £ ~
50 Hana Plantation Co ••••••••••••; eg 50
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Su ar. . . . 99 oO
• 30 Onomea Sugar Co < 40 S7 1 -*
20 Onomea Sugar Co' • Iknn -
40 Oceanic S S Co "2 S
50 Vigorit Powder .....•■••
MINING STOCKS.
Following: were the sale! In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 40 ■ 200 Mexican W
100 Caledonia ...... S5 300 Overman --
200 Crown Point... 31 500 Seg Belcher OS
.?:■: ■■■■•' Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 40 200 Justice 20
200 Best & Belcher 43 200 Mexican ™
100 Caledonia 93 200 Overman *•>
100 Caledonia SO 200 Pot 03 1 •■ *'
100 Caledonia 91 200 Set? Belcher..... <_'o
100 Con Cal & Va.l 65 300 Sierra Nevada. ,<>
200 Crown Point... 31 100 Yellow Jacket. 42
200 Hale & Norcrs 35
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: '^V.'
Morning Session.
' 500 Alta 07 500 Con Cal & Va.l 66
300 Alta 06 300 Gould & Curry 28
300 Andes 15 300 Justice 2" ;
20ft Andes 14 200 Mexican M
200 Belcher 41 3 f at Occidental 31
200 Belcher ... v ... 42 300 Ophir 1 12' i
200 Belcher 44 , 600 Ophlr HO
200 Belcher 43 1 300 Overman 23
200 Best & Belcher 50 300 Overman 24
•500 Bullion 07 300 Overman 22
200 Caledonia 94 j 400 Savage 2o
200 Caledonia 92 200 Yellow Jacket. 44
200 Caledonia 90 1
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 14 200 Ophir „ 110
200 Belcher 42 400 Potosi 40
300 Belcher 40 400 Sierra Neva/la. 71
600 Best & Belcher SO 300 Sierra Nevada. 70
300 Chollar 30 200 Sierra Nevada. 69
900 Con Cal & V.I 62' i 200 Utah 17
300 Crown Point... 31 ?00 Yellow Jacket. 42
300 Crown Point... 80 600 Yellow Jacket. 41
500 Justice 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. MONDAY. June 12—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 07 Justice 20 21 |
Alta 05 06 Kentuck 05 07 |
Andes 13 15 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher 40 41 Mexican 51 53
Best & Belcher 49 50 Occidental 30 —
Bullion Ofi 07 Ophlr 105 110
! Caledonia 88 — Overman 22 24
Chollar ">% 31 Potosi 39 40
Challenge Con.. 36 39 Savage 23 25
Confidence 1051 10 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va.l 60 165 Seg- Belcher ... OS 00
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 69 70
Crown Point... 30 32 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate — 05 I
Exchequer "2 03 Standard 240 —
Gould * Curry 27 29 'Union Con .... 40 42
: Hale & Norcrs 34 .36" Utah 15 17
, Julia 02. 03 Yellow Jacket. 41 42 1
TIME BALL
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
June 12, 1599.
The time bail on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day— I
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenpnt Cnrnmander. T' S. N.. ln charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Times and Heights of High and liow
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JUNE 13.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mcrnlng tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and th» last or right hand column gives the
lnst tide of the day, except when there are but
thre» tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
riven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slen (— ~\ precedes the helerht.
■ r.d then th» number given Is subtracted frcm
th» depth given by the charts. The plan* of
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Monday. June 12.
Btmr Fulton, Anflndsen, 6 days from Coos
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. 40 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Luella, Miller. 60 hours from Tllla
mook.
r nFrft^ a * Clty> stockfle th.- 34 hours from
Stmr Pt Paul Hays. 2S days from Manila
via Nagasaki 19 days 5 hours «"•"•»«.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 13 hours from Green
wood, bound to San Pedro, put in to land pas
reka mr North Fork. Bash 24 hours from Eu-
Aus stmr Slam, Ralclch. 33 hours from Na
nalmo.
Se aUi r e. Albert Me ? er ' Nle ' Ben - « days from
ntvtr' Mayflower * Olsen - 2V * da > from Coquille
Schr Mary C, Madsen, 8 hours from Bodega
CLEARED.
Stmr Bonlta, • Nlcolson, Monday, June 1'
Stmr Bonlta. Nicolson, San Pedro; QootiaJl,
• ■ " SAILED.
■■• _ , , Monday. June 12.
Stmr Alcazar. Carlson. San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino
Stmr Columbia, Green. Astoria
Btmr Cleone. HiKPrins. Caspar. !
. Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Brafrp.
Stmr Tillamook. Anderson, Eureka.
Schr Laura Madsen, Rasmussen, Grays Har
bor. . . .
CHARTERS.-
The .Wyefleld loads Government supplies for
Manila. • . r
The N'atuna. loads wheat at Tacoma for Eu
rope, Ms.  , ■ • -'""
SPOKEN.
May 28. lat 20 R. ions 39 Ship Cyrus Wake
field, from New York, for San Francisco
May 30, lat 29 35 N. lone 44 31 \V— Rr shin
Balasore, from Or-Kon. for . Queenstown
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. June. 12-Ital ship Stefano Razeto
at Sydney, from San Francisco, took fire whilA
in port, but was afterwards extinguished; ye"
sel and cargo slightly damaged. ,
MEMORANDUM.
' Stmr St Paul— Sailed from Manila st.v »
from Nagasaki, May 23; lat 33 50 N. WJV» I
E. ran alongside a Japanese derelict; no rud
der, no anchor and no life aboard. Sea fv>
heavy to lower a boat and board her; name Sa
koshiogakoo. . .
." TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 12, 10 p mi- Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 80 mile«.
DOMESTIC PORTS. _
TACOMA— Sailed June 10— Br ship Corun-* 1
for Iquique. " ' '
MENDOCINO— Arrived June 12— Schr GoM»n
Gate, hence June 3.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 10— Schr Fan
nie Adele. June 11— Schr A J West, for Hono
lulu; schr Melancthon, schr L.-uitia, for Sar.
Francisco.
Arrived June 11— Schr Reporter, from R»
dondo; stmr Coqullle River, hence June 7
SEATTLE— Arrived June 11— stmr ' r,tra e ..
City, from Dyea; U S stmr McCulloch, henre
June S.
Sailed June 12— Ship Spartan, for San. Fran
cisco.
Passed June — U S strar lowa, for Port Or
chard drydock.
EVKRETT— Sailed June 12— Bark Oakland, for
San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS— Passed June 12— Haw stmr
San Mateo. from Port Los Angeles, for Comox
COOS BAY— Sailed June 12— Srmr Empire, for
San Francisco; schr Glen, for San Franr>i»co
NEAH BAY— Passed In June 12— Br •■ ■•■ Wei
lington, hence June 3, foe Nanaimo. Junf- ;i —
Nor stmr Tltania, hence June 8, for Nanaimo;
bark Guy C Gose, hence May 24. for Chcmainus
bark Sonoma, hence May 24. for Tac ima schr
Alice Cooke, hence May 24. for Port Town
send.
Passed out June ll— Bktn Tim o 1 Shant»r
from Port Ludlow, for San Pedro
PORT ANGELES — Passed June 12— Stmr
Wa«htenaw, fiom Tacoma. for San Francis™
Sailed May 12— Bark .1 D Peters, for Port
Clarence.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 12-Bark
Topgallant, from Honolulu; bktn Klikitat, rrorn
Honolulu.
Sailed June 12— Bark Topgallant, for P,>rt
Blakeley.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 12— Stmr State of
California, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 12— Nor stmr Aker. from N>w
chang.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Juns I— Schr
Challenger, from San Pedro.
VANCOUVER— SaiIed June S— Stmr Portland,
for St Michael.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 12— Stmrs Fulton and
North Fork, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 12— Schr Bertha Dolbper. fron*-«
Newport; stmr Weeott, hence June 10; etmr Sa-M
moa. hence June 10. "
PORT LOS ANGELES— Jun« 12— Stmr
Greenwood, hence June 8.
. :' FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE TOWN— Sailed June Ship John A
Brings, for Sydney.
YOKOHAMA— June Br. strar Glen
ogle. from Ta'-orr.a. June 10 — Jap stmr Riojun
Mam, from Seattle.
VICTORIA— SaiIed June Stmr Portland,
for St Michael.
AUCKLAND— PaIIed June Stmr Maripo
sa, for San Francisco.
CALLAO— Arrived June 8— Ger ship Roden
bek, from Vancouver.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
1 PHILADELPHIA — Arrived June 12 — Stmr
Belgenland, from Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 13— Stmr Glen
ogle, for Tacoma.
GLASGOW— Arrived June 12— Stmr City of
Rome, from New York.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed June Stmr Marlposa.
for San Francisco.
SYDNEY. NSW — Arrived June Stmr
Moana. from San Francisco.
OCEAN THAI EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
i«L Steamers leave Broadway
rfViriin wharf. Ran Francisco:
MXT9CB|k or Alaskan ports. 10 a. m,.
EBP£«J«fe June 5 - 10 15 - 20 25, SO: July S.
EfikßS«\S«a change at Seattle.
1 |^r£9njHll For Victoria, Vanconver (B.
H»«Lsri9Stl| C), Port Townseod, Seattle.
T^*««SfgSj Tacoma. Everett. Anaeorte*
and New Whatcom (Waah->.
10 a. m. June 5, 10, 18, 20. It.
' 80; July 5, and ■ every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's ■team»r«
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Taeoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C P. Ry. ,
For Eureka (Humboldt Ba-V t p. m., Jan* •
3. 8, 13. IS, 23, 28; July 3. and every fifth day X
thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. Ban Simeon.
Cayueos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
! Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Lo« Angeles^ anil
Newport. 9 a. m.. June 1. 5, 9. 11. 17. M. 18. »:•
July 3, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohlspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo 'Lob Angeles). 11 a.
m.. June S. 7. 11. 15. 13. 23. 27; July 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mas-dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th' of each
month.
For further Information 'Mafn folder.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
ap* Vinnre nf faHne"
TICJKKT OFJFTOR —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hot<"I).
GOODALL. PFUFIVS * CO.. Hen. Arts..
Ift Mqrk»t «t.. Pan ■pVn-'-'"^).
m 0. R. % N. no.
DTPPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
• From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADET *12 First Class Including Berth*
rflnt ■%% Second Cla«^ and MeaU.
Columbia sails June 12. 22; July 2. 12. 22.
State of California sails June 7, 17, 27; July
7, 17/ 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the North'
Through tickets to all points Eeast.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
--
AMERICAN LINE,
FTW TORE. soothampto'v LONDON. PAITV
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Eve "' Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul June ' | "t. Paul June 2»
St. Louis ...June 14 St. Louis July 5
New York June •>■> New York July 12
WED STAR LINE.
New York and Antw-rp.
From New York Ever*- Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland June 7 I 'Vesternland ...June 28
Frlesland June 14 Kensington July 5
Southwark June 21 Noordland ......July 12
EMPIRE LINE
SeMttt*. St. MUhaat. Daw*.*-. Cit».
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. rr any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets 1 p. m. fcr
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling 'at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIFPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July a
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August IV
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. corner First.
' W, B. CURTIS. General Agent.
fiiVNMIil Wednesday, June 14.
JaMIIIC v!a Honolulu an.l
•X****"" Auckland for Sydney
B «,^ Wednesday, June 14,
Aj/^ I • > at in p. m.
sjHfnSninJ The S. S. Australia
CylUllOlll^ pans for Honolulu
(O[no3fZy~ Friday. June 30. at 3
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez, m
England, etc.: $610 first class.
). D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. (14 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPA&NIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -*•-£**
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <SiTSj. 1>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ■w*"**"^'*
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. June 17: LA
I TOURAINE. June 24: LA GASCOGXE. July '.:
• LA NORMANDIE. July 8: LA CHAMPA
July 15. First-class to Havre. $55 and upwanl.
6 per cent reduction on round trip. Second
to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction en round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowline Green
New York. J. F. FUGA7-1 & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS line.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON-HAMBURQ.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
new york-london-paris-hamhi.ro-
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct : D -
For BaillngE, etc.. apply to HAMBLRO-
AMERICAN LINE, S7 Broadway. New York.
HERZOO & CO.. O«n. Agents Pacific Co«»%
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Pai.'jome. and
118 Montgomery et.. San Franrlyf".
BAY AND B.IVEB STEAMERS^
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. r °! : '' ( , >h i^'a m.
Will leave Washington street wharf at* a. m.
daily returning from Stockton « ste £ne«
dally (Saturday excepted). '"v 11 6 p. m.
leave Washington street wharf at
dally (excepting Sunday). ._ nI p CO .
CALIFORNIA NAY. AM) wur-
Telephone Main SO5. .
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD. |
- • Steamer "Montlcello.
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs and pV'uf; Fri- '
a. m.. 3:16, 8:30 p. m. (ax. P ur 9-. aT 'm. i
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sunday*, i"™* Do ck.
P. m. Landing and office. Mission street
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main loos. v-v^
FAR« —ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NINA DE LOPEZ
ASSAILANT GETS
SEVEN YEARS
Jim O'Brien Assigned
to San Quentin.
NEW TRIAL IS DENIED HIM
JOSIE KERR DEPOSES ABOUT
FIXING JURORS.
End of Sensational Case in Which a
Witness Was Kidnaped and the
Grand Jury Investigated
Bribery Charges.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, June 12.
James F. O'Bricn, col i. ted of crimi
nally assaulting Miss Nina Ogilvie de B.
T.opez of Pleasanton in November, 1897,
was this afternoon sentenced by Judge
Ellsworth to seven years' imprisonment
in San Queniin. BMB
The case was one of the most sensa
tional of Its kind ever tried in Alameda.
County. The crime was most heinous and
three times was O'Brien tried. On the
lirst occasion he was convicted and Ben
tenced to ten years, but the verdict was
set aside on some technicality. On the
second trial the jury disagreed and
prompted an investigation of bribery
charges by the Grand Jury. The third
trial ended a week ago with a verdict of
COII V* tlon.
The case moreover had been replete
with surprises, on one occasion Josie
K«-rr. a witness for the prosecution, being
kidnaped.
When the matter came up for sentence
to-day ex-Senator Frank McGowan on be
hnlf of the convicted man moved for a
now trial on the ground thai the verdict
was contrary to law and unsupported by
evidence; that th( re had been errors of
law. and that the attorneys for the people
had been guilty of legal misconduct preju
dicial to defendant's rights. Accompany
ing the motion were filed several sensa
tional affidavits. In one of these Witness
Josle Kerr deposed that Detective Her
bert had on June 1.1599, stated to her
'•that he was sure O'Brein would be con
victed, or else the jury would not agree;
but they would not acquit because part
of the jury were fixed." Also that he
thought a few of the furors might hold
'AV,V but he was sure they would find
0 Brien guilty, because they were afraid
of being called up by the Grand Jury "
1 lie ■"IT woman further deposes that
Attorney Chapman of counsel for prose
cution had said "if there should be a dis
agreement by the jury there would be a
now trial and they would keep trying him
until they got a jury to convict him,
meaning O'Brien."
affidavit was from Richard Ma
ises and says that Josle
Kerr had stated: "1 got $20 every time I
kland, I or J2O fmm De Lopez
ng against Jim O'Brien. I will
d his brother John to
.Still another from James
■ the effect that Josie Kerr
m $30, stating she did
to court for health; that she
one Herbert "
lounter affidavit
Herbert avers that in a conversation
with ' • esult of the
■ I rien would
■ '■■■ had at on<
er kidnaped and had otherwise
The det( ctive admil -
: • traveling expenses and
ring the trial.
Attorney McGowan made a very force
ful plea for a new trial. After arguing
the points he had advanced in his motion
hf pupt^sted that though in law it mat
tered not whether a man criminally
assaulted was virtuous or lewd so far as
the guilt or innocence of the
d«fendant, yet in O'Brien's case the peo
ple had been permitted to prove that Miss
<ie Loprz was chaste and virtuous when
assaulted.
the motion for
■ ■ •■ re he ta
for an
of judgn | that
pecify
iii wl - i was com
:. This motioi • bo ■!•■
--■ -1 fixed OBi ■ seven
lmpris< nment.
Notice of ■ is immediately piven
• of prot able cause I
Pending
rien will remain in the cus
f thi Shpriff.
DEWEY NOT A MASON.
Forced to Decline an Honor to Which
He Was Not Entitled.
OAKLAND, .lure 12.— Admiral George
Mason. Furthermore he
b to learn any of the
raft. Thi Be are the
ii Sherman, grand i
tary I I Velei at.s 1 A ssoclation
t, learns that a little
package Bent to the Admiral remains un-
Ln Masons
! Admiral Dewey and <""aptain
lan honorary members, thinking both
y the following was
r«-cei\ i
Flagship Olympia, Manila, Philippine Islands,
Edwin A. Sherman, Klcht Venerable Grand
ry, M V ,\ P. C.— sear Pir: I have
-■ tot receipt fit your
:nforming me that at a b pedal meeting;
itlon Of the
• I nras made an honorary member
nf thnf '
I thank the members of the Masonic Veteran
Association of the Pacific Coast for the great
honor they have conferred upon me, but I am
afraid the association is laboring: under a mis
taken impression that I an: a Mason. lam not.
Therefore, not wishing to have, any of. the
perrf-ts of tho Masonic »-if ty. I have deemed It
wltre to Inform you of the fact that I am not a
Mapon before opening' the packapre contained
in your letter transmitting the Information 'if
P GRAPE-NUTS.
! YOU I
I EMPLOY AN I
I EXPERT I
T In Food Selection When You Eat 1
I GRAPE- NUTS f
% The Most Perfectly Made I
T Food tor Human Use. %
<§> &
TO KEEP FOOD CRISP.
A novel way of opening a package of
food is shown on the Grape-Nuts pack-
age, where a line indicates that a slit
should be made with a knife, and the
pack;. squeezed, which makes it gap
enough to pour out what is needed for
a meal, then the package automatically
closes, preserving the contents from the
moisture of the air.
As a rule Grape-Nuts packages are
not kept on hand very long in any
family, but it is well to know how to
keep the contents of the package in
prime condition. Grape-Nuts are ready
cooked, very crisp, and can be served
immediately with a little good cream or
milk. This feature is of great advant-
age to those who appreciate ease and
convenience in preparing breakfast.
Price 15 cents per, package. ,
my election to honorary membership. I am
very truly yours, GEORGE DBWHT.
The Masonic Veteran Association of the
Pacific Coast in reply to this letter has
sent word to Admiral Dewey asking him
to present the badge to some Mason at
the Philippine Islands that he deems
worthy of accepting such an honor.
Captain Coghlan is a Mason and has
acknowledged the distinction with "great
cordiality and thankfulness."
ALAMEDA TIDE LAND.
Judge Buckles' Decision May Save.
the City's Water Front.
ALAMEDA, June 12.— The recent de
cision of Judge Buckles of Solano
County holding that the State cannot
alienate its lands to the Injury of naviga
tion and fishing and to the detriment of
mmunity is looked upon as affecting
the title to a largo area of tide land sur
ling Alameda, on part of which is
built the narrow gauge mile The tide
were sold at auction In IS7I by the
Board of Tide Land Commissioners, con
g of X P. Johnson, Edgar Briggs
M. Stratton.
[f the Buckles decision Is upheld by the
Supreme Court these lands will revert to
State, with the city of Alameda as
i ustodian. Deeds to the tide land are now
held by the following named: City of Ala
in, .1.i." 11. W. Carpentier, Main & Win
chester, Bacon Land and Improvement
Company, August Drucker, 11. Ffenne
feidt. M. Crooks. Pacific Land and Im
.•• Company, W. H. Taylor,
- Dunn, W. P. Jones. J. F. Kennedy.
mbua Kartlett. Liming Estate. Claua
ke, Eliza Baum. H. H. Ward, Anna
;. Schumacher, Stanford Estate,
11. W. Chenowith.
VARSITY CREW PICKED.
The University of California Boat
Clubs Will Compete in the
Regatta at El Campo.
BERKELEY, June 12. The Boating As-
Boclatlon of the University of California
■ sponded to the invitation of the
Athletic Association of the Ama
teur Athletic T'nion to participate In the
a to be held at El Campo June 20.
Aa most of the coll?ge men are away for
immer holidays the clubs had much
ilty hi finding a crew. They have,
however, succeeded in ohtaining the five
men necessary. The crew will be cem
)ne, James Hopper; two, Arthur
Smith; three. Roy Fryer: stroke. P.
Waggerhauser; cockswain. Eddie Ham-
The crew have gone into training
practicing daily at the. Alameda
Estuary.
A Far Reaching Decision.
OAKLAND, June 12.— 1n the suit of the
Piedmont Paving Company vs. John All
man, for the collection of unpaid assess
ments for street improvements. Judge
Greene to-day decided that under the
Vrooman act th>- clerk of a City Council
ther legislative body has no power to
fix the time up to which or on which the
ell will receive or consider bids for
street work. The decision is far reaching:,
for if upheld by the Supremo Court it will
invalidate every recent assessment for
street Improvements in Oakland.
Nance O'Neil True to Her Father.
OAKLAND. June 12.— George K. Lamson
has given notice that he will shortly move
to have the order directing him to pay
his divorced wife, Annie F. Lamson, $30
pc r month, revoked. He is the father of
Nance O'Neil, the actress, and alleges
that his income is decreasing with his ad
vancing years. He is now 72 years old
and avers that but for the assistance ex
-3 to him by his daughter he could
not have paid the alimony thus far.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
State Senator Voorhela is at the Palace. [
Dr. Blondln of Alturas is at the Grand ■
Hotel.
Senator A. F. Jones of Orovllle Is at the |
Palace.
John Finnell, a capitalist of Tehama,
(8 at the Palace. . (■,'.:
Onofre Betheau, from the Argentine Re- j
public, Is at the Palace.
Joseph Goldman, a merchant of Merced, !
is registered at the Grand.
H. J. Levelling, a wine merchant from |
St. Helena, is at the Lick House.
Arthur 'N. Levinsky, a well-known
Stockton attorney, is at the Palace.
Dr. G. P. Bradley, surgeon at Mare
Island, is registered nt the Occidental.
R. C. Terry, a wine merchant from
Clayton, Cal., Is stopping at the Lick
House.
John Gillie, a well-known mining man
from Butte, Mont., is stopping at the
Grand Hotel.
Alex McCone. the Comstock foundry '
man. is registered at the Occidental from I
Virginia City, Nev.
Sardis Summerfleld, United States Dis
trict Attorney of Nevada, is registered
at the Grand Hotel.
A. R. Denike, a well-known San Jose
merchant, will remain at the California
Hotel for a few days.
Dr. W. F. McAllister, the surgeon of
the Veterans' Home, Yountvllle, Is among
the recent arrivals at the Grand.
J. C. Epperly, a merchant from Port
land, and G. J. Cote, a vinegar dealer
; from St. Louis, are at the Palace.
P. Togazzinl, a well-known capitalist
and merchant of San Luis Obispo, was
among yesterday's arrivals at the Grand
Hotel.
Lieutenant J. B. Ladd and wife, who
have recently returned from Cebu, Philip- !
pine Islands, have taken apartments at |
the Grand.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. ■ Edson,
| who has been a guest at the Grand Hotel
for several days, departed yesterday for
his home in Gazelle.
, Douglas Young, the publisher of Free- j
i dom at Manila, arrived yesterday and
' registered at the Grand. He is accom
j panied by a young Filipino.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul, Sir R. and Lady
Udney and Lord Douglas Compton of
London, who are making a tour of Amer
ica, registered yesterday at the Palace
Hotel.
Professor Dr. Paul Knuth of Keil, j
Germany, who has written several scien- :
t tific works, and who is making a tour of
\ the world In the interest of science, will !
! remain at the Palace for a few days. He '
will soon depart for the Interior of the
■ State, where he will study insects and
: flowers.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 12.— H. Lauderkin of
San Francisco is at the Fifth Avenue; H.
Jerosulem of Visalia is at the Hoffman;
Mrs. Edward Barron and daughters of
San Francisco are at the Holland; Mrs.
M. Greenwood and daughter, and Walter
J. Barnett of San Francisco are at the
Imperial; F. Morris and wife of San Fran
cisco are at the Grand; Al Leity of Los
Angeles is at the Marlborough.
. ♦ .
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 12.— Irving M.
Scott returned to Washington from New
York to-day and is at the Shoreham. J.
T. Humphrey of San Francisco is at the
Metropolitan. G. R. Presson of San
Francisco is at the Raleigh. J. F. J.
Archibald of San "Francisco is at the Re
cent.
Democrats Organize.
Prominent Democrats of the Fortieth
Assembly District met last evening at
Franklin Hall on Fillmore street. Perma
nent OrsttniJtfiiion was effected- and the
wcrt> for the coming campaign mapped
cut. More than 400 residents of the dis
trict signed the roll, an unprecedented
number for a first-night meeting.
Addresses were made by Sidney M. Van
Wyck, Jr., M. C. Hassett. Wallace A.
"Wise and others. The "Solid Seven" Su
pervisors were roundly scored, while the
decent members of the board were ac
corded high 1 praise for their earnest ef
forts to save the city from plunder. •
Bernard Bienenfeld was ejected, presi
dent. Plers'on Durbrow secretary and Dan
iel S. Curran sergeant-at-arras.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 13. 1899.
POND OF YOLD
MAY BE LABOR
COMMISSIONER
Gage Has No Use for
Trades Unions.
HE PREFERS A POLITICIAN
OAKLAND'S CANDIDATE HAD A
HALF PROMISE.
A Man Who Always Delivered the
Goods Said to Be Pre
ferred Before a Work-
ingman.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 12.
A quiet tip has been given out that the
next Labor Commissioner will be Wallace
Pond of Berkeley, who has for many
years been a Republican leader In Yolo
County.
Governor Oage is said to have arrived
at the conclusion that he cannot, without
fomenting strife, appoint a new Commis
sioner from the rank of the trades unions.
Some time ago the Governor invited the
trades unions of the State to submit to
him the names of five men who would
be acceptable to them, implying thereby
that from theso five he would select one.
Many names were submitted to him. ac
companied hy petitions and indorsements,
and in many instances the Governor says
he has received counter petitions, till the
matter became so mixed that he could '
not see his way clear to do anything with :
the Indorsements of the unions which ■
regulate labor.
With this alleged excuse as a pretext,
the Governor, it is said, has decided to
name some <~>ne for the place who has
been Interested in politics. Wallace Pond
for many years was a Republican leader
in Yolo County and could always be de
pended upon to keep up his end in every
campaign. Less than a year ago he
moved to Berkeley, whore he now con
ducts a drug store, but he has had all
his friends working for him, and some of
them have enough assurance to justify
them In naming him as a winner.
This decision of the Governor Is a
great disappointment to Oakland, which
city has been passed by by Governor
Gage with remarkable regularity, with
the exception of the alleged gold brick
now in the possession ot Charles Spear.
This city has been interested in putting
forward the claims of A. J. Read, presi
dent of the State Typographical Union
and trustee of the Church of the Advent.
a brother trustee being James J. Valen
tine. Mr. Read has been indorsed by
many trades unions and has received
some encouragement from those who are
pretty close to the Governor, btit it now
appears thru the semi-promises partook
ot the nature of Charley Spear's appoint
ment.
EXPECT A LIVELY SESSION
Teachers Dread the Coining lu.eeting
of Alameda's School Board.
AI.AMF.nA. June 12. -The Board of Ed
ucation will meet to-morrow night t
teachers and a most exciting session is
looked for. Whether or not changes will
be made is a query that no one can an
swer. The breaking of all combinations
through the difference of opinion origi
nating from the payment of the Hallentine
bill has left the directors at sea. and It is
probable that not until the vote is taken
to-morrow night will the members of the
board themselves know what the results
are to be.
The directors undertook to hold a se
cret caucus and one of those present
failed to keep the secret. This so Incensed
tin other membt-rs that they declare they
will never participate in another star
chamber session. In consequence the
merits of teachers will have to be dis
cussed in open meeting and to-morrow
night some of the AJameda pedagogues
wifl probably be given an opportunity to
h<"ar themselves "picked to pieces."
Teachers who have been threatened with
removal have been at work for a week
pulling wires to save their places.
Carpenters Ready for a Mass Meeting
OAKLAND. June 12.— The annual meet
ing of Oakland Union. No. 3fi. I'nited
Riotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of
America, was held to-night. The follow
ing officers were elected: President. Frank
Irigerson; vice-president. Peter Skoruf;
rf cording pecretary, R. Reed: financial
secretary. C. I. Jacobs; treasurer, R.
Wiand ; conductor, H. G. Sohm; warden,
A. Ivoose.
The committee reported that the ar
rarf?ements for a mass meeting on Tues
day night are complete and that thp best
of feeling prevails among the different
workmen for united action.
A GLORIOUS FOURTH.
California Soldiers May Return in
Time to Participate.
The executive committee of the Fourth
of July committee met last evening at the
Grand Hotel. Two prizes for the most
handsomely decorated places of business
in this city were offered; the first will be
$30 and the second $20. The following
recommendations for expenditures wore
reported by the finance committee and
accepted: Appropriation for parade, $37">;
music. $1140: regatta. $600: printing, $100;
invitations, $. r >o; press, $300.
Some discussion arose as to whether the
committee should appropriate money for
thf purpose of decorating streets. The
matter was finally referred back to the
finance committee. The sum of $1500 will
bo expended for fireworks. There will he
several displays, and the committee will
meet representative citizens to-morrow
afternoon to discuss the best locations
for displays. A short time ago a request
that the California Volunteers be per
mitted tn leave Manila on such a date as
to arriv- In San Francisco on or before
July 4 was telegraphed to Washington.
Yesterday the following answer was re
ceived:
H.->n. Julius Knhn, San Francisco: Your wish
that the California volunteers return so as to
reach San Franr-lsro by July 4 has been re
relvr-rl and the substance has been cabled to
General Otta Ht Manila.
H. C. CX)RBIN, Adjutant GenerHl.
It has been proposed to postpone the
Fourth of July celebration should the
boys be scheduled to arrive within a few
days after the Fourth.
REGATTA AT EL CAMPO.
Judges, Timers and Other Officials for
the Day of Aquatic Sports
Are Appointed.
At a meeting of ihe regatta committee
of the Pacific Association of » -~ Amateur
Athletic Tnion. hold last night, the fol
lowing were presem: W. C. Esr.-.- a n the
I chairi and M. J. Calnan of the Pioneers;
S. J. Pembroke, ti. W. Maass and C. B.
Pesoli of the Alamedas; A. P. Rothkopf
of the Dolphins; M. J. Breen and E
! Scully of the South Ends; A. M. Stone
iof the Olympics; J. Hopper and Ray
j Fryer of the University of California
j The following officials of the regatta to
I take place at X] Camno on June 25 were
elected: S. J. Pembroke, referee John
Elliott, starter; A. M. Stone, marshal of
course; M. J. Calnan, assistant marshal
of course; A. P. Rothkopf Everett
I Brown. C. E. Pesoli. P. J. Enright and J.
T. Sullivan, timers; J. C. Stamer and II
\\". Maass of the Alameda Boat Club A
Taylor and D. O'Connell of the Ariels J
Lalb and T. J. Kennedy of the Dolphins
I li. McArthur and A. Mellitz of the
South Ends, J. T. Sullivan and J. Bren
, nan of the Pioneers, Everett Brown and
1 W. E. Cole of the University of California.
E. Connolly and J. O'Connor of the Olym
pics, August Schuppert and A. H.
Schimpf of the Tritons, judges.
A. P. Rothkopf. M. J. Breen, H. "W.
Maass, J. R. Bockman, W, C. Espy, A.
[H. Schimpf and A. M. Stone were ap
pointed a committee to visit Xl Campo
next Sunday for tho purpose of laying
out thr regatta course, which will prob
ably begin nearer to the ferry landing
than in previous years. The course is to
he measured so that the distance may be
accurately known. It was announced
that the architectural class of the Hum
boldt Evening High School will enter a
barge crew, and efforts will be made to
get crews from various companies of the
League of the Cross Cadets. At a former
regatta crews entered from Companies .C,
L and M of the League of the Cross
Cadets and made an interesting and
closely contested race.
It was stated that the citizens" Fourth
of July celebration committee had offered
the sum of $120 to the regatta committee
for the purpose of giving races on Inde
pendence day. Tho members of the re
gatta committee were strongly of the
opinion that tho sum offered is entirely
inadequate for the purpose, as a good re
gatta costs from $400 to $600. It was
unanimously decided to reject the offer
as a paltry one. The clubs are under the
necessity of spending money for training
and equipment and for necessary repairs
to boats, and the small sum offered would
hardly cover these expenses 5 , without
reckoning the amount that must be ex
pended In prizes. Entries for the various
events in the- regatta close on Monday
evering, June 10. at the office of. A. P.
Rothkopf. 20S Sutler street. Registra
tion fees must lie paid or proof of regis
tration given on making entries.
BUTCHERS SEEK RELIEF.
Railroad Commissioners Asked to
Regulate Freight Charges.
The Railroad Commissioners held their
regular monthly meeting yesterday,
Messrs. Edson and I>aumelster being in
attendance. The following communication
was received and will come up- for -"tlon
at the July meeting:
To the Honorable Board of Railroad Com
missioners—Gentlemen: We be* to call your
i attention to the following statement of freight
. charges on cattle, per car:
From Gllroy to San Francisco, distance
i eighty-one miles, $20: from Gilroy to stock
: yards, distance about seventy-five miles, ?23;
from Ollroy to Sacramento, distance about 158
' miles, }2S; from Coyote to Ran Francisco, dis
tance about seventy-five miles. $1S; from Coyote
to stockyards, distance about sixty-nine miles,
$23; from Coyote to Sacramento, distance about
152 miles, $2*.
We also request that the Southern Pacific
I Company return our teams and wagons free
■ from San Francisco, when empty and after they
I have made their delivery of meat In San
Francisco: rate beinp? entirely too high, works
a prreat hardship on Oakland butchers. If we
pay for teams and wagons one way, and 65
, cents per ton regardless of number of tons,
1 for Instance as per their circular letter to us,
i they cliarce 7"> rents per ton when under three
; tons, and 65 cents per ton when over three
1 tons, we ask that they make a flat rate of
65 cents per ton regardless of quantity. Very
respectfully yours,
OAKLAND MEAT COMPANY.
By J. F. REYNOLDS. President.
Secretary Sesnon announced that he had
! served a certified copy of the new grain
schedule on the Southern Pacific Com
pany; also certified copies of the resolu
i tion dispensing with special counsel on
' Messrs. Foote and Hayne, and Attorney
General Ford. Rills for traveling ex
penses were approved and the Board ad
j journed. The order to the Valley and
other competing roads to show cause why
their rates should not be made to conform
to the Southern Pacific's rates will not
come up until the July meeting.
— — —
HUNTERS START FOR
A NEW SEAL ROOKERY
NEXT ATTACK WILL BE MADE
AT POINT ARENA.
A Government Officer Explains Why
He Protested Against the Thin
ning of the Big Herds.
For all that the Federal authorities at
Washington prohibited the killinp of sea
Hi na on the <"Jovernment reservations on
this coast the State Board of Fish Cnm
rrij-sioners is determined tn keep on with
this work In the interests of the fish In
dustries of the State. While it would have
been more convenient to have carried on
the work of thinning the seal herds off
the entrance of the bay and along the
line of the southern run of salmon, still
there are other places where sea lions
abound In goodly numbers. One of these
places is the bIR rookery a little south of
Point Arena, and to this place Deputy Al
Wilson and W. H. Greene, the experienced
seal hunter, went yesterday. They are
equipped for a lonpr stay and for the de
struction of many of the objectionable sea
animals.
The Point Arena rookery is situated
upon a small island, or large rock, cover
lug several acres, and in past years the
seal herds have made it a breeding
ground. Years ago there was a sealing
station there and large numbers were
taken. The rookery was more frequented
by the brown harking seal than any other,
and thoso are the fellows that the Com
missioners are after, as they have proved
tn be the more destructive of salmon and
fishermen's nets.
The Commissioners have received a lonp
letter from T. S. Palmer, Acting chief f
the Biological Survey at Washington,
upon the subject of the protest sent by his
department to the Secre,tary of the Navy
and Lighthouse Board to the killing of i
sea lions on the Government reservations
near this port. Incidentally he stated that
he believed that the estimate of 20, aea
liens within a distance of fifty miles of
this port and that they destroy fr.im 20
to 40 per cent of the salmon entering the !
bay Is rather high, and he says: "It is i
only fair to state that at the 'time our
protest wax made we had no official state
ment of the intention of your board or the j
method of carrying out the work other i
than has appeared : n the press reports." 1
Judging from the tone of Mr. Palmer's i
litter he seems to think that the most of
the damage done to the salmon industry
Is caused by the "harbor" seal and not by
the sea lion, and adds:
"In conclusion permit me to say that
our protest was not inspired from mo
tives of sentiment or from any desire to
oppose the action of your board, but it
seems that if a thorough Investigation of
the food habits of the sea lions had not
been made this was the time to make it,
before undertaking a wholesale slaughter
of the animals."
A BOLD HOLD-UP.
The Tall Man and the Short Man
Again at Work.
T. B. I.eet, employed at thp Telephone
Oyster House at California and Pnlk
streets, reported to the police last night
that he hnd heon held up at the corner of
Sacramento and Octavla streets by two
footpads. He had 80 cents In his vest
pocket, but it was not found by the rob
bers. I^eet describee the men as "One
tall and one short." A revolver was in
the possession of one of them, and when
they failed to find anything on his per
son he was struck on the back of the head
with the weapon.
Captain Wittman immediately detailed
several detectives and police on the case.
Captain O'Brien to Lecture.
A grand entertainment, together with
an address on the "Experiences and Im
pressions of the Volunteer Army i ,l the
Philippines," by Captain A. P. O'Brien.
M.D.. ex-surgeon of the First California
Volunteers, will take place to-morrow
evening for the benefit and under the aus
pices of Company K. League of the Cross
Cadets. The committee having the affair
in charge has arranged an excellent pro
gramme, and has left nothing undone to
make this, their initial entertainment, a
success. Captain A. J. Kelleher, regt
mental adjutant of the First California
'Volunteers, will be chairman of the even-
Ins.
Y. M. C. A. Excursion.
The limited excursion to Hotel del
Monte. Monterey and Pacific Grove next
Thursday will doubtless he an enjoyable
occasion. The special train will leave
Third and Townsend streets at 7 o'clock
in the morning and those desiring to re
turn the same day can leave Pacific
Grove at 4:25, but the tickets will b»
good for five days to return on any regu
lar train up to and Including Monday, the
19th. Excursion tickets are on sale at the
Association building. Mason and Ellis
streets— round trip $3 50, children under 12
years half fare.
Will Defend the Charter.
City and County Attorney Lane has ap
pointed Garret McEnerney as counsel to
assist him and H. N. Clement in defend
ing the city In the suits Involving the
validity of the new charter.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
]01 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct Xroni ocean.
WEDDED QUIETLY,
THEN DEPARTED
SV. MOONEY, manager of theß
Roebling Wire Rope Company, H
and Mrs. C. M. Burgess wereM
married yesterday at the resi-H
1 dence of M. M. Garoutte, 182 M
Pacific avenue.
The groom is well known in local I
and coast business circles. He hnsH
been living at the St. Nicholas for!
some time, and there he met Mrs. l
Burgess, who was' also a resident "'I
the hotel. As it was thought best to^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
have the ceremony performed at some
place other than the hotel, Mr. Ga
routte. an old friend of both, offered the use of his parlors, and there the
wedding was held. It was a very quiet affair, only intimate friends of .the
bride and groom being present. At the conclusion of the ceremony Mr. and
Mrs. MoonVy started on a wedding trip which will include much of the
southern part of the State. On their return they will again take up their
residence at the St. Nicholas.
WHO SILL
PAY ALL THE
COSTS OF SUIT?
Aftermath of the Grain
Rate Case.
BEFORE THE CIRCUIT COURT
A LEGAL QUESTION ON THE DIS
MISSAL OF THE SUIT.
The Railroad Contends That in Re
scinding the Original Resolu
tion the Commission For
feited All Claim.
The question of costs for the grain rate
case tried In the Circuit Court came up
before Judge Morrow yesterday. The case
Itself has been dismissed, but it left a
legacy of litigation in the question of costs
and who should pay them. The last ac
tion in the matter was taken by the State
In a motion to so modify the decree of
dismissal that the State should have its
costs paid by the railroad, and it was this
motion which was under argument yes
terday.
E. S. Pillsbury represented the railroad
and Attorney General Ford and Judge
Hayne appeared for the State, despite t^e
fact that at the last meeting of the Kail
road Commission it was deride. l to dis
pense with special counsel. Mr. Ford
spoke first.
In his argument he contended that tho
railroad had voluntarily dismissed the
suit and therefore by rule of court it was
responsible for the costs. In courts of
equity, he said, a dismissal of the bill of
complaint is taken to be a judgment in
favor of the defendant, and unless there
are extraordinary reasons why the court
should exercise its discretion in favor of
the complainant the defendants are of
right entitled to their costs.
No such reason existed in the cape at
bar, Mr. Ford contended. The railroad
had never rescinded the 8 per cent re
duction: it had rescinded the pre
liminary resolution but it had never re
scinded the schedule itself; in other
words, when the commission rescinded
the resolution it left the schedule of rat.es
still In force and that schedule had never
been dismissed. The railroad, he claimed,
had voluntarily dismissed the action,
abandoned the field and had left the Com
missioners masters of the situation with
the rate complained of still in full force.
That being true, he argued, the rail
road company had in fact admitted that
Its bill was without foundation and its
motion for a dismissal was in fact a
withdrawal from the contest. That being
the case, he reasoned, the company
should ray to the Railroad Commis.sion*
ers the costs they had incurred in the ac
tion.
In answer Mr. Pillsbury reviewed the
history of the case from the time of the
original resolution to the motion of the
State for costs. In September of 1595, he
said the commission passed a resolution
making a horizontal reduction of 25 per
cent on all rates other than grain rates
and a reduction of S per cent on grain
rates. In the succeeding month the rail
road brought suit for an Injunction re
straining the commission from enforcing
the schedule so established. Tn Novem
ber of the next year the injunction was
granted, and Mr. Pillsbury read from the
decision of Judge McKenna in support of
some of the statements ne made about
the case presented by the State. He had
said that the commission admitted the
reduction of 25 per cent could not be en
forced, and the Commissioners would not
try to enforce it. On that point Judge
!>o<S>o<«>o<«>o<3>o<«> O<s> O<s> O<3>O<S>O<S>O<s>O<s*?>O<}>O<J>O<S>O<?>O<s> O <*> O <$> O<S>O<J>O<s>O-?>O<3>C
DR. PIERCES "No. XXX" ELECTRIC BELT
PRICE_S2S.O». ;
ij^^l^^^ »^^^Sb^r<^*^ V Vvilil This Belt Is warranted to be the Latest
riMr) _i<w&"^^"^^*^\'' vv? — ?-^ > '*r-^TBBi Improved, most powerful and in all re-
Klft~jfc±iC~^^ ■ \ T iVV'^IM s P Pets the fiest now manufacturci In
VSgEzT ri\* _. ,-- </ , J^sVt3ii an - v x ' art of the world. Its equal does
IHKSSJ - 7- > Kr l7 (** ,i ir~fntfTmKl not e^lst. The Galvanometer shows Its
B^BHftrnVrrSn m JWP' electric current to be double that of any
F?!\ i H WnT^^^?^*al<Ei lifl^^ ether - Easily regulated! Durably ln-
lh^3a?vlm V jSSwPiI'JS -Jl 7Yu, T— sulated! Latest improved attachments!
A- 7^<^.J'J M -^ a ßgaMP^O4irrr^'-- — ■ Special conductors and electrodes. Double
*!' /v^lToL'" ■£^3rjss*'<r}i\£\*>\ wlre suspensory for men. Satin-lined
iNhi^Jf/iTX -J?#S% A 'A^^yjTVV N> « body belt - II will cure any disease on
\VJ 3>n\^Uik'w^^^ U V earth that it Is possible to cure with
r I .^^SS^-zT' N - B.— The kind of belts others sell at
■^/•■W-j"*— ■ "■ ''•■•" '"' high prices we furnish at $3.50. ;
•^X^VV/V^ C Buy no 6 ' l till you call. on us or
• • • V\H\ send 2c stamp for "Booklet No. 2."
■ » N|X Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco, Cal.
RUPTURE— If Ruptured Send Stamp for "Booklet No. 1."
>^o<so^o<S>o<{>o <$> O <*■ 0 <«'O^O<3>Ost>O<s>O<3><s>O>4'O'j'O £o<s>o $0 <$O <^o<s>o<?>o^>o<S>o^
McKenna wrote he thought the language
of the resolution was plain, and it hal
presumbably been prepared after due in
quiry Into the matter; hut in view of the
statements of the counsel for the com
mission that the schedule would never be
enforced he would dissolve the injunction
as to the 25 per cent reduction and would
further continue the injunction against
the grain rate reduction until the further
order of thf court.
The case ran along then until April of
1898, when the pleadings were settled and
the taking of testimony propeeded. There
had been 3000 pages taken when the new
board went into office in the beginning
of this year. On April 24 last the new
board rescinded both resolutions and di
rected the Attorney General to move to
dismiss the suits without either party
paying the costs of the ither. Some days
after the Attorney General made the mo
tion asking that the cases be dismissed
and that each party be allowed to pay
its own costs. The motion was heard
May S ami was denied on the ruling of
Judge Morrow that the defendant had no
right to move for a dismissal.
In pursuance of this state of affairs, Mr.
Pillsbury contended, the railroad on May
19 last moved to dismiss the case, append
ing to the motion a copy of the resolu
tion of the Railroad Commission rescind
ing the resolutions reducing the rates and
directing the Attorney General to dismiss
the suit, while each party paid ttfl own
costs. The motion or the company was
granted and the order dismissing the ease
was entered, but there was nothing in it
about costs: and a few days later the
State asked to be allowed its costs.
That brought the case up to the session
yesterday, and Mr. Pillsbury proceeded to
draw his conclusions from it.
He argued that in winning on the orig
inal Injunction proceedings the company
was entitled to its costs for that much
of the suit. When the answer of the
State had been put in the company had
made certain objections to it and they
had all been sustained, the company
therefniv stiil being entitled to its costs
It was stated at the time that there was
no money in the appropriaion for the
c;ise to pay costs, and Mr. Pillsbury said
[ the company paid them temporarily"pend
ing the outcome of the case. Then the
taking of testimony began, and after it
hail proceeded as far as three thousand
pages the State moved to dismiss, each
party to pay Its own costs.
In making this motion. Mr. Pillsbury
contended, the State waived all right to
have its costs paid by the railroad. The
company had won on the original injunc
tion, he said; it had won on the objec
tions to the answer, and then, by rescind
ing the resolution upon- which the whole
case had been based, it left the company
with nothing -to sue for and the court
nothing to try. The original resolution
! having caused all the trouble and expense
1 and that having been rescinded. Mr. Pllls
i bury claimed the commissioners were re-
I sponsible for the costs of the suit the
original resolution had caused. By re
scinding the resolution they admitted it
was not right and just, and that was all
the company was fighting for. It was,
in fact, a victory for the company, and
he claimed that while the railroad was
willing to pay its own costs, it should not
be assessed for the costs of the State.
The case will go on again to-morrow
when Mr. Pillsbury will finish his argu
ment.
KILLED BY A FALL.
C. Dunn, a Painter, Meets Death
While at Work in San Mateo
County.
C. Dunn, a painter who resided at 916
Howard street, fell from the roof of a
shed at Captain Cole's residence in San
Mateo County yesterday afternoon and
was picked up unconscious. He was taken
to St. Mary's Hospital, where he died
without regaining consciousness.
Dunn, who was employed by J. H. Keefe
of 317 Sutter street, went down into San
Mateo County yesterday morning in com
pany with James Casey to paint Captain
Cole's residence at that place. During- the
afternoon he climbed up by means of a
rope to fasten some cleats. The rope
parted and precipitated him to the roof
cf a shed. He struggled for a moment to
gain a hold on the edge of the roof, but
slipped and fell to the ground, a distance
of about twenty feet. His skull, knee
and right arm were fractured by the fall
and ho also sustained internal injuries.
Dunn was 44 years of age and unmar
ried. He was a brother of former School
Director J. J. Dunn.
Democrats Meet.
The Fortieth District Democratic ClxJb
met last nipht at Franklin Hall and ef
footed a permanent organization. Ber
iianl Betnenfield, ■ the candidate for Sur
veyor, who was defeated at the last elec
tion, was elected president nnd P. Der
brow secretary. Speeches were made i>v
Sfdi v Van \Vyck. M. C. Ilassrtt and
others^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK KEADADHE
Positively cared by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. i
Small Pill, Small Dose.
Small Price.
*>o^o«>o<s>o<S>o<t>o<?'o<B>o<S>o<3>o3>o<S>o<S>O<S'
I VI SHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
O WB^HHU o
♦ fa A Natural Mineral Water %
0 KJKs with medicinal qualities, O
6 JHOmk or Ind:pcstion and °
0 4^BL Stomach Disorders, o
1 ,^^^So-called VICHY I
<•> M^l^S^ IN SIPHONS %
1 " VICHY 1
o Il^llPll Get the Genuine o
° A. VIGNIER. Distributing Agent o
<>o^>o<B>o«'o<S>OS>o^'o<s>o^'o<S>o<i>os'o' 4 'o*
1 jk a ■ [ <n ■■■ g^\
A li b L fl
\\ £$$03&$r Bnd TUM ° RS CUBED
f^ JSbBUA ■aKo Pay until CURED
■MPf^P * Any lump in a
woman's breast is
BPj^%| ways poison the
mr^ r v&s&rs/ When ihe cancer
In armpit gets large cure is impossible.
Pace and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I ha»2 Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D.. 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
Strong Orlnkis Death
fcv*^. Mffi>n« — ll /\liiiH »a
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WE OIAHAXTEE FOIR BOXES
to cure any case wit h a positive written »aar-
antfo or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating liquor;.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
€T£oU£ nDl&li^ causes Misery, Poverty
OinUnO UnlFllt and Death. Upon receipt
if .510.00 To will ma.l yon four [I] boxes and po3l-
\TO vrrl.teii snmnnf.- -r- to cure or refund
ciurinonej. Sip -r- ■ •••■ - y.'.OQ.
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sols AfU^
tit Kearoy at.. Ban Frandaoo.
MAKE PERFECT AtiEM
a I»O XOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. Tli<» very
worst cases of Xervaut I>eblllty are
absolutely cured by PKKKKCTO
TAIIL.KTS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, liiilini.* memory and the waste
nnd drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of ear'v years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. ''" " rfti bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of «"\ v...i;i,i,- or old
One 50c box renews vital energy. r*I»JG boxts a
i a complete ifua^anteed cure or rr.r.ncr re-
funded. Can be carried in vest > ***^ pocUet. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
trice by THE PKKFEtTO CO., Cartwi I!!i f t.. Chletgo, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co., in
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
OF ANATGNY?
A visit DR, JORDAN'S great*
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
10ElMASKTST.tet.6 > .h&7!h,S.F.CiI. i
\ t?g The Lars;est Anatomical Museum in the \
w jlafc^ Wortd. Weaknesses or any contracted A
fl^K^H^ disease po»l«l»«-lj' cured hy the oWeit T
9 JB| 1 Specialiit on the Coast. Eit. 36 years 0
i &W*h DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
A l^^i Con'mltation free and strictly priTate. \
\fi )/ M ye in every case undertaken. \
Am I lift Wine fnr nook.l'nil.OsOl-lUof i
"II I 1" MARSIIACiE, MAILED FREE. (A™
A vl <!■ valuable booic for nirn) \
" JDK. JUBDAX CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. W
HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
MaW InSI Five hundred reward for any
(I™** ""& case we cannot cure. This secret
a__, B remedy stops all : losses In 24
BUO KM hours, cures Emissions, Irr.po-
l/,lfl SYitTi tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
mem IBM Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Ixial
Wl WHS Manhood and all wasting effect!
CVI TESTS' of self-abuse or excesses. Bent
sealed, ft bottle; 3 bottles, $5: guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. Col. Al»o
for sale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All privau
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
KIAUXY NT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of l J rivat«
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
i disease wearing on bodyand mind and
I Skin Diseases. The doctor cures
others fall. Try him. Charges low,
I (urr»(juaranlcc<l. Callorwrite,
»r. J. «■'- *JIBBOH. Box 3957. 8 an Francisco.
AUCTION SMS.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
fe £&
AT EMPORIUM STOCK YARDS,
220 VALENCIA STREET,
On THURSDAY. June 15, at 11 a. m..
We will sell by order of Plercy Bros. &0 head
of rood young broke horses, suitable for all
purposes. Horses at yards now and can be se«n
In harness from now until day of sale: no limit
or reserve. SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Livestock Anr<tio^^ e^«
1 Office £27 Sixth, •>-
910
MR. MILLER PRESENTS A FINE
COMPANY IN A FINE PLAY
gcENE Prom ?]ct II of "Tbe Librs."
SUCCESS vi'rs written all over the
Columbia Theater last nighi when
the curtain fell on the first aci
of "The Liars." The company
showed Itself to be all that
Charles Frohman and Henry Miller had
the play opened as bij
its re] ■ v. hich is very big- and
more than made uond as the nicht wore
on: the audience -well, the audience
v.as worthy of the play and the per
formance, and that is saying a g
deal, and it filled the last seat in the
house. . N i; Bother the night was ;i
triumph, and not .only are the play
ers and promoters to bi congratulated,
hut tli.' people of San Francisco, as
well Lted, fastidious people
who for a long time now have been
making it their business to abstain
from th<- indefinite pleasures of play
going. With tin's company ami this
list <>f plays, v..- are in luck Indeed,
and in behalf of the readers of The
i 'all I take off my derby to the open-
Ing of the Miller season. Step up,
ladi« s and gentlemen, step up, and Bee
this production of "The Liars," and I
think that you will bear me out.
First comes the piece, •■<;) almost
model gem In modern play writing, th ■
nearesl to the Impeccable thai Henry
Arthur Jones has ever accomplished. A
liroii paragraph is < once wrote -whether
In Jesi or earnesi I do noi know that
i Wilde had had an Important
hand In the writing of "The Liars." T
« annot ho] ■ with th;it r-oinpli
ment. To say the play is not Wilde's
is only another way of saying that
is not yet the brightest
cf manners since Richard Brinsley
Sheridan. I do ii"t know that Mr.
Jones is even an Irishman to start
with. But he is certainly dazzling in
tlr's piece and :i much more ii'iling
somebi dy than the "Jones" we knew In
trlier plays. )!•■ quits the preach
er business In ' The I iars." He handles
modern society- well, at closer range
than ho used to do, and with more
conviction, n takes less account of
: -s prejudice, convention, even
cynicism, and k'vos us an urgent pio
ture nporary life as ft mierht
easily exist thai is both entertaining
ami moving.
"THE TURTLE" CLEANSED OF FILTH BY LEGAL PROCESS
DECENT •■■ attend the Call- I
fornia Ti. ater now without a qualm;
for t'm French comedy now on the
boards th< re is quite a delightful
little ; i what it was Qn its
Initial presentation Sunday night, it is
only half a "Turtle" now. as It were.
Not a shock, not even a blush is left In it
and moral San Francisco may go openly
and boldly to see it without fear.
But will San Francisco s^" now?
Judging from the comments of the
seemingly disappointed audience that
filed out of the playhouse last night at
the close of the abbreviated performance
with its elongated costumes, it would be
safe to answer that question in the nega
tive.
Yesterday was a day of expectancy, of
injunctions, of dissertations an morality
art, and what not in local dramatic
circles. The public awoke to find that
a real, unexpurgated, tip-to-date French
piny that New York lias relished for two
years steadily had been transplanted di
their ml<Jst, and instantly the public
prepared to descend in a body upon the
box office. Later there were circulated
rumors that the play was to be sup
pressed and a shade of disappointment
overspread the male public's features
even as the public iroiced approval of this
step in the direction of decency.
Not until afternoon was anything
done, but then a petition was filed in
Judge Paingerfleld's court by Acnes M
Agar. JoaeMi M. Macdonough and Wil
liam 08. Itacdon »ugh, by their attor
neys, asking for an Injunction restraining
S. H. Priedlander. William Bogen and
Harry I. Parker. Harry Klmer. I'lrie B.
Collins. Charles B. Burton and others
from producing the play known as "The
Turtle" at the California Theater. The
petition sets forth that the plaintiffs ;ir
fhe owners of the property, that the "play
Tivoli.
Clever acting and excellent singing wont
with the champagne music of Lecocq'a
"The Daughter of Madame Angot."
Orach Plaisted's Clalretta was Frenchy
enough and '.'risky enough to please an
exacting critic, and Tillie Salinger looked
bo pretty as Mile. I,angtv-that the audi
ence were surprised that Phil Branson
did not make love to her at a more furl.
pace. There was a host of volunteers
before the footlights ready to take his
part on the slightest provocation. There
was plenty of ginger in the opera and It
went oft with a snap and readiness that
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
'■'i'h.- Liars" is. T believe, described as
a comedy of manners. It is that with a
vengeance, and still it is something
more. Under all its glittering modish
ness runs a stirring heart story. A
strong man, a man <-f character and
conscience, loves for ail that is in him
a woman who is another man's wife,
and does not finally possess her; and
she goes back to the husband she de
splsea^^tonventions—the conventions of
the society in whi<'h we live— Mrs.
Grundy — in other words manners — do
the trick. A smooth, worldly gentle
man of easy resources Intervenes,
paints a plausible picture of conse
queaces (social damnation and nil that
sort of thing) and the lovers separate.
He will give her tipfor h< r Bake, she will
do as much for him. And so they sepa
rate, he to cro to Africa, or some remote
place where he has already performed
half a noble mission; she to go back
to the man whom she despises. Comedy
forsooth! This is a tragedy of man-
(>f course there- is lots <'f comedy in !
it. brilliant comedy, and Intrigue, and i
lying, that cannot but present a comic
aspect; but the only character that
comes to the surface with violent Be
riousness is the man who loves; and the
other characters are very cynical, even
when they are sympathetic—but the
tragedy is there. Tho "happy ending"
that will b' 1 reveled in by moralists and
other specialists in rant, is really n<- ■
happy ending at all. The stage is j
swept clean with the falling of the last
curtain, but in your mind are tho deso
late, unsatisfied futures of two mlser
ables.
The play was .a late one and I tiav
little of the night l<-ft in which to detail
the aotin? at its proper value. To
bunch things, the acting, the seining,
the Btage management were splendid.
There was a hint of nervousness in the
opening, which Is perhaps the most
diffuse and leapt vital portion of the
whole play; but that was soon over
and then the performance ran on oiled
wheels.
The Individual victory was pc>red by
abounds In lewd, lascivious and libidinous
dialogues and situations and is unfit to be
produced in a lirst-elass theater "i
where, and the play as actually produced
contains lascivious and libidinous dia
logue; such situations are represented and
the attention of the public is drawn to the
character of the play by the defendants
In the advertising columns of the public
press advertising and representing the
said play to be naughty. By the produc
tion and representations of the play the
reputation of the theater has been greatly
impaired, and if it shall continue to be
produced or represented at the tfieater
the reputation of the theater as a first
class theater would be permanently de
stroyed and its value greatly impaired, as
will also be the value of the California
Hotel, situate In the same building with
such theater and which hotel as Well as
said theater belongs to these plaintiff*."
Upon hearing the petition, the Judge im
mediately Issued a temporary injunction
and the case was assigned t" Judge Heb
bard for hearing. The Injunction was
served upon Manager Prledlander at 4:;:"
p. m. and immediately there was a scur
rying among the theater employes. Hur
ried conferences were held with the Mac
dOnoughs and their agents, Friedlander
summoned his attorneys, but the box <■!'
--fice was n> v. r dosed.
At 7 o'clock the theater was in dark
ness, although the foyer was dimly
lighted and the sale of tickets went stead
ily on. Manager Friedlander paced up
and down the lobby, anxiously awaiting
word from his attorneys. Mr. Haldwin.
the Macdonoughs' agent, came in and tho
two held a long consultation.
At 7:30 the doors were still closed and
the theater was dark. Holders of tickets
stood about on the sidewalks and dis
cussed the prospects of getting their
money back in case no performance was
given, but the uncertain outlook did not
others from Investing. (>n the con
trary, the line leading to the box office
constantly lengthened and it was, indeed,
.-< truly cosmopolitan crowd. Blase young
men about town jostled gray-haired old
Wen delightful. Frank Coffin made his
ili but as Treniti and r> celved a warm
welcome One which he soon proved he
rved. Eldwin Stevens, In the small
part "f Pomponnet, the barber, and \vn
ltam Pruette as Larivaudiexe were up to
their i:s\iai i xt i Uence, and there was rt -
gret that the restrictions of their roles
gave Pruette s.. little ringing and Btevena
BO little acting t < > do. Th>- opera is will
staged and costumed and its presentation
is a credit to the Tivoli.
Orpheum.
Of the new people at the Orpheum last
night honors were about evenly divided
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 13, 1899.
V.. J. Mr.rsrnn. who plays Edward Falk
ner, the lov« r. Mr. Morgan we knew for
an actor of immense promise when he
played hie at the Baldwin a couple of
Beacons back. Now he has made that
promise good and must be reckoned
among the bit? ones. He had the part
last night, a part that in the usual first
iat,. company might readily be made
subsidiary to that of Sir Christopher
Deering, played now by Mr. Miller.
Hut with Morgan as Falkner, I don't
think the actor acts who can make this
young man play Becond fiddle.
It is no reproach to Mr. Millar to say
that the lion's honors fall to his young
colleague in this play; indeed. it is
rather a graceful triumph of another
sort for Mr. Miller that they do, and a
generous tribute to his actor manage
ment. : : i:
Morgan's performance is an occasion
for adjectives, lie has the presence, a
fine natural presence; the voice, rich
.nnl companionable and now under
surer control than in the other days;
the Intensity and repression and mag
!;■ tlsm and authority of his art; and the
almost divine quality of being always
human on the stage. He has fewer
tricks ami greater effect than any other
act, ,r that 1 have seen in seasons. His
personation in this piece is simply
sensational in its straightforwardness
and In its spell.
As the "Squire of dames" of the
piece. Mr. Miller played in a surprising
ly light and graceful vein. He was es
pecially good in the scenes with Mor
gan where a certain amount of strenu
: mis sentiment was called for.
The leading woman. Miss Margaret
Anglin. Bhowed great delicacy and
keenness in the part of the wayward
wife. She has few porsonnl blandish
ments, but Bhe has the magnetism and
the tact that win. Others in the cast
who must be at least listed for admira
ble work are Tranche Burton. Marie
Derickson, Charles "Waloot, Frank E.
I, amb and L<ouise Thorndyke Bouci
cault. Yes! Mrs. Rourieault, who still
poses and ogles and makes a vizor of
her front hair, but who, nevertheless,
made a inentionable study of the hero
ine's worldly sister.
in. ii or old men with no hair at all; a
ii w. a very few women were there, but
they were not comfortable and they
heartily wished they had followed their
sisters' example and bought tickets ear
lier.
At a quarter to 8, when the ticket
. holders were showing unmistakable signs
: of Impatience, Manager Friedlander canw
downstairs from his private office and gave
, a sign to his assistants who were in wait
i ing. Instantly the doors were opened, the
lights turned on and one of the largest
crowds th*.- theater ever contained began
:to nle In. Every seat was sold down
stairs and upstairs and it was not Ions?
before they were all occupied. Then came.
i another wait. The orchestra did not tile
In and the people wondered what was
going to happen next. Everybody knew
about the Injunction, and everybody Im
agined that the management was trying
to run some sort of a "bluff" on tho
; court.
T'.ut it wasn't; it had merely secured a
dissolution of the injunction on the under
standing that all the objectionable fea
tures of the play would be eliminated, it
was only after many conferences that this
concession was secured, and. not until 7:30
did Judge Hebbard dissolve the injunction
(out of chambers) on that agreement. Mr.
Priedlander's attorneys, however, finally
obtained the order nnd hurried to tho
th. ater. Then it was that the doors were
opened.
It required some little time tj carve
"The Turtle" so that it could be served to
the satisfaction of the court and San
Francisco theater-goers. It was finally
accomplished, however, and at S:3O the
overture struck up. The audience not
knowincr of the agreement, awaited ex
pectantly, though fearful that a squad of
Deputy Sheriffs would break up the per
formance at any moment. But nothing of
the kind occurred. The management kept
its agreement to the letter, and when the
curtain fell the audience departed feeling
that it had bought a gold brick.
For "The Turtle" as dished up to them
was tlat and insipid to what they had ex
pected.
between Tactanu; the female imperson
ator, and Fred Niblo, the monolngist.
That Ticianu Is an artist in his line there
can be no question. He Pings both so
prano and barytone, excelling possibly as
a soprano. Fred Niblo comes with a
string of stories both new and old (mostly
im w), but in either case he tells them well.
The Wartenberg brothers have a novel
act combining acrobatic feats and music.
The bi at of their work, however, is their
foot juggling. Hanley and Jarvis go fair
ly well, but mig-ht have more modern
jokes. Houdini continues to be the sensa
• Uonal feature. Others on the bill are
Johnstone Bennett, Henri French and
McAvoy and May.
Alcazar.
Lewis Morrison, assisted by Miss Flor
ence Roberts and the Alcazar Stock Com
pany, presented at the Alcazar last night
"The Master of Ceremonies," which had
such a successful run on Its first produc
tion last summer. The cast was the same
with two or three exceptions and nothing
was lost by the change. The two princi
pals met with a flattering reception and
wero several times called before the cur
tain after the close of the second and
third acts. The support was excellent.
Olympia.
Querlta Vincent scored a hit at the
Olympfa last night. Arrayed In the most
dazzling costumes ever seen on the Olym
pia stage, this talented California girl de
livered her "coon" songs and buck and
wing dances in a way that won many
encores. Herbert and Weston came in for
a goodly share of the audience's enthusi
asm, and the same fortune favored the
La Rose brothers.
The Chutes.
Stanley and Scanlon, musical cemedians,
extracted all sorts of music from all sorts
of Instruments at the Chutes Theater last
evening, the "flying" Banvards tossed
each other from one side of the building
to the other, and Mr. and Mrs. Keesing
changed their songs. The rest of the bill
was good.
Alhambra.
The Lambardi ccm--any repeated Its ex
cellent performance of "Lucia" in the
Alhambra last nipht to an enthusiastic
audience. "Ernani" will be given to-night
with Avedano. Barducci, Ferrari and
Travogllni In the cast.
Grand Opera-House.
"El Capitan" was revived with signal
success by the Southwell company at
the Grand. The recentness of the former
production makes an extended review un
necessary. Enough to say that the same
strong production was given.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Casimiro and Mary Antonioll to Dlna Elsen
bach, lot on S line of Union street. 37:6 W of
Lacuna. W 50 by S 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco (P. W.
Rlordan, Incumbent), lot on W line of St. Jo
s.>|ih avenue (extended), 68:9 N ot Turk street
and 100 W from E lm.- of St. Joseph avenue, N
31:3 by W 1656:3; % .
Jennie C. or Jennie and George E. Sexton to
William J. and Anna Krase, lot on W line of
Fair Oaks street. 122 N of Twenty-second. N
61 by W 117:6; $10.
Orville C. P. Goodspeed. Annie A. Stanford
and Jennie M. SnowgraßS to William F.
Thompson, lot on E linp of Howard street, (25
N of Twenty-fourth, N 30 by E 122:6, quit
claim deed; $*j.
Estate ot Lucy C. Goodspeed (by D. Sulli
van, executor, and O. C. Goodspeed, adminis
tiytor) to same, same; $2105.
ll>brrw Home for Aged Disabled (a corpora
tion) and Morris Dettlebach to Jacob E. Lewis,
lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street, 50 W of
York. W 25 by N 104; J.'.no.
Merissa C. Whitney to Elizabeth Dean, lot on
S line of John street, IS3 W of Powell, W 23 by
S GO, quitclaim deed: $1«.
James and Elizabeth Dean to Anton Robriaht
Jr.. samp; HO.
Mary Friedman to Isaac Friedman, lot on E
Hit- of Larkin street, 100 N of Pacific. N 37:6,
■ • •; S 77:6, W 6.i N 40, W 65:6; $10.
Ann Holder to Henry X. Beatty, l"t on N\V
line of Federal or Frederick street, 7»:2 SW of
First, SW 2.". by NW SO; $10.
Maurice liallin to Henry and Anna Lehman.
lot on W line of Rhode Island street, 136:3 N
of Napa, N 2:. by W WO; $10.
E. B. Pond ami H. C Campbell (trustees
T'avUi Jacob* to San Francisco Savings Union.
I';:;? a 346. lot on S line of Point Lobos avenue,
26 :S Wof Twenty-second avenue, W 53:4 by S
inrt. trustees' deed; $1000.
Hnntncna Bauer to Henry and Lizzie Buehn,
lot on W line of Naples street, 250 S of China
avenue, S 2.". by W 100, block 47, Excelsior
Homestead: $10.
11. W. Taylor to Ruth S. Tnylor, all real es
tate In San Francisco County: gilt.
Gaetano Kaffo to rlemente Lombard, lot on
P line of Shields street, B0 W of Vernon, W 50
by S 100. !ot3 29 and 30, block 19, City Land As-
Bociatlon; J2?:..
William M. and Laura M. Fonda to Scth
Thomas (Mock Company <a corporation), lot 20,
block 19. Market Street Homestead; $10.
Kdwnrd J. Le Breton to Jennie M. Snowgrass
(wife of R. B), 1196 m 252, nil interest In estate
of Lucy C Goodspeed. probate No. 17.053, $1100;
also 1767 d 268, same, $600; $10.
Alameda County.
Catherine L. Rellly to Reglna Rellly, lot on
NB comer of Eighth and Adeline streets, E 40
by N IBSi block :.4fi. Oakland; gift.
Mary E. McCloskey (Burns) to James Burns,
lots 40 and 41. block A, Hemphlll Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $300.
Winifred Maloney to, Daniel Curry, lot on E
line of lands of Wlnjfred Maloney iwife r.f
Peter), V' B of <'harming way, S 33, W 50,
N 33. E 50 to beginning, bein« a portion of
lot 7. block 3, College Homestead Tract, Berke
ley; {in.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
=5 F I-ee & w, NY C A Arnold. Chicago
) E Hall. London JA Hanafin&w, Merced
L S Kinks. Wash .! 1' Campbell, Plttsbg
Mrs A Eastman, Idaho I H Hull. Sacto
Mrs C Eastman, Idaho i> Bergesen & w, Cal
11 Tlatt. Napa IR E Broe, fhlragn
I, S Johnson, Men-eil IJ Peterson, Chicago
Mrs Henry. Ltvermore Miss M Drown. Seattle
J Plctou. Golden Gate X llaxtns. «'al
F J CesOU & w. Balto M McDonald, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
E Clinton. Stanford Mrs Childs, L Ang:
Prof Knuth. Germany A H Stone, Boston
i; Bayha, Kola C i> i>annin>j. Boston
Q W I'ranknrd, N V Plr R Urtney. London
F F Harbour, Cal Lady Udney. Iyiinlon
B Stahl NY 5 M Segln, Sacto
W H Abbott, Chicago |A F .lones. Orovtlle
Mrs F Burke, N V |J Gllln, Butte
Miss Burke, N V |W B Turner, Boston
E Burke. N V Mrs Turner. Boston
A Hurk<\ N V Mrs Paul, England
i' Burke. N V Lord Douglas Compton,
Mrs R Clover. Wash i England
Mrs G Clover, N V r> Bethheder, Argentine
H chase, S Jose X Camaton, Pasadena
G .T CotP St Iyouls Mrs ('nniston. Pagadna
Mrs Cote. St I-onis ' P Braslan, S Jose
J Epperly. Portion. l E C Voorhelfl, Cal
Mrs Epperly, Portland W A Frost, ("iiicasro
F W Schmidt, Astoria Mrs Frost. Chicago
Miss AshMn, England I Finnell, Tehama
Miss Greg, England C E Rommell, U P N
L Gundelflng^r. Fresno :; E Goodman Jr. Napa
F" D Turner, f'hlraKO Mrs Goodman. Napa
C L Knobe. Chicago He Rasquall &w, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
? N Porter, Salt I^ake Miss M Moroy. S Cruz
H Dlckson & w, Ookld ? Summerfield. Reno
A" F George, Sacto ; A Smith, I! Lomond
F L Bolton, Fresno [> Lindner, New York
- H Bradley, Wyo L H Young ('al
7 <• GarUngton. U S A f> Ynung. Manila •
P I, Whltmarsh. 0 S AlB Musser, Manila
IV Magulre, Cal \J M Tomprett. Manila
l\" P Morris. Neb I A Anderson Jr. ("al
Mrs J H McKano, Sac I Goldman. Merced
D Flint,. Sacto J MoCudden, Vallejo
M M Ogaen, Sacto Miss McCudden, Valljo
U Bronson Buffalo Mrs A B Grueon Utah
3 Phillips. Sacto D R Oliver. Stockton
S Dannenbaum Jr. Cnl I S Hermann. Fresno
I A Hlrks Fresno I Rlankfield, N V
T W H Shannhan. Cal L' L Harker, Denver
C G Blxler. Fresno |W Martin, Cal
T <l'Estr.»ila, Berkeley P Tognazzlni. cal
Mrs W Falrehllil. Cal J Nicholls & w. Cal
M Goldsmith. Stockton Mrs J Wilson, Vallejo
A J Walsh &w, Cal Mrs E Wilson. Vallejo
Dr Rl.-mdin. Alturns C Eastman, N V
3 A Stnne, Los Ang J Hnnkens &• w. Cal
II Clayton. N V W F Knnx. Sacto
I, P Swift. Fresno J N Spenre. Sutaun
R W Unrld & w, Cal A M Martin. Watsonvl
Mr Casper. Vlsalia H L Baur, St Louis
M Kurlnnder A- w. Cnl, Mrs C M Kellogg, Cal
X W Ollmore. Los Ang W F McAllister, Cal
J G Glaeacock, Pasadn E G Humphrey, Cal
F C Stettler Dayton Mrs Oliver. Cal
7 A Wood. Denver !Mrs C H Bulson, Cal
Mis \ Morey. S Cruz |R M Russell & w. Cal
Mi's E Morey S Cruz C R Butler. Mirh
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., ■
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-^J\^
ING, June 13. at 7:30 o'clock. R. A. J\J\
degree. By order of the H. P. I
. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
A M.— Meeting THIS (TUESDAY) Jk.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. ThiniTCjf
Degree. GEO. J. KOBE, Sec. /^r>
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— •• '
Special meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock, Mission Ma- it jf
sonic Temple, 266S Mission st. Mark fyr >
Master degree. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., m
121 Eddy St., meets THIS EVENING.
7:15 o'clock. Third degree. jE.>T
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /^tN
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m ,
M.— F. C. degree THIS (TUESDAY) J^ i
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. |CX
A.' S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V x
ATTENTION. Democrats'.— Meeting of the
Thirty-sixth Assembly District at Twin
Peaks Hall, cor. Seventeenth and Noe st.«
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING. Hon. Robert
Ferral. Hon. Harry Hogan. Hon. Harry Mul-
greavy and other prominent speakers will ad-
dress the meeting. Come one, come all.
J. H. BEHR, Chairman. '
J. J. MCDONNELL, Secretary.
SPECIAL -NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, 11 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery at, rooms 9-10; teL 6629.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEL'M Employment Office-^Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel, Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel, Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situa-
tion; good reference; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS hotel or boarding-house cook
desires situation; best ref.; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter et.
COMPETENT German second girl desires sit-
uation; best ref.; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
to assist in housework; $10 to $15. KISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT colored girl desires situation;
housework; references; city preferred. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
] NURSEGIKL with good references; good seam-
| stress or would do second work; city or coun-
try. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook
and houseworker; $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes place;
good cook and houseworker; wages no object.
JUS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
RMAN woman wishes a situation as a first-
I class cook and pastry; hotel, restaurant or
boarding-house; city reference. Address 137
Third st.
YOUNG girl wants a position at housework.
Call at 1123 Sutter st.
POSITION as working housekeeper; good cook.
f>23 Howard st.
NEAT young girl wishes a place to assist in
housework. Inquire at 946 Harrison st.
WOMAN' wishes situation to take care of chil-
dren or do housework. 911 Howard st.
GERMAN girl wishes place to do light house-
work or assist In general or chamber work.
751 Market st. for 2 days.
NEAT, reliable woman desires situation to
assist housework or light housework with
. small private family. Box 1534, Call office.
BY an exeperleneed young woman, place as
child's r.urse; good references. Call or ad-
dress M.. Young Women's Christian Ass'n,
1259 O'Farrell st.
YOI'NG lady wishes position as lady's maid;
good seamstress; willing to make herself gen-
I erally useful; no objection to children or
wages, $20 to $25. Add. 1037 A York.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to take care of a
baby. Box 1521, Call office.
COMPETENT young woman, with child, wants
cooking for men or private family; country.
Address L. A., 859 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman In ex-
change for home, board and little money. 269
Shipley Bt.
TWO Eastern girls with first-class references
wish situations as waitresses or second work.
Call 37 Rausch St., bet. Seventh and Eighth,
Folsom and Howard.
REFINED woman wishes some light work Im-
mediately for a good home; competent seam-
stress for children; no objection to camping.
645 Folsom st.
STRONG German girl wishes to do chamber
work in hotel or family. Call or address 30
Twelfth at.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work and cooking: In private family. Call
3329 Twenty-second St., near Valencia.
WOMAN wants position; housework, cooking
or laundress; private or business house; city
or country. 139 Third St.
YOI'NG woman, first-class cook; city or coun-
try. Call 163 Julian aye.
YOI'NG woman wishes office work, washing
or any work by the day. 65 Cortland aye.,
near Mission and Thirtieth.
WOMAN wunts washing, housecleaning or
nursnig by the day; $1 a day and car fare.
Address 40S Laguna st.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do general
housework; wapes from $10 to $12. 1626 Mis-
sion St., near Twelfth.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes situation
In American family; good cook and laundress:
city reference. Call or address 1325 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work by the
* day. Apply at 312 Van Nfrss aye.
DRESSMAKING; perfect fitter In tailor-made
suits at $1 25 per day. 402 Mason st.
EASTERN woman wishes position as manag-
ing housekeeper; city or country: or as agent
for wholesale house; can accustom herself to
most any kind of business; no objection to
traveling. 29 Eddy Bt., room 15.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. 1004 Market st.
GIRL of 17 to assist In light housework. Ap-
ply at 30 Bernk-e st.
GERMAN laily wishes work by the day. wash-
Ing or any kind of work; $1 25 per day. Ad-
dress 132 Clara st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do plain cooking and light housework or to
take care of slok person. Address 114 Na-
toma st.
NICE Japanese girl wants position of plain
cook and housework. Japanese Christian
Women's Home, 1307 Larkln, San Francisco.
LADY wishes a position as working house-
keeper; rlty or country. Call 126 Fourth st
room 15.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALB.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office -
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell "Ist. ; tel. East 424.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. QEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
STENOGRAPHER, expert, 250 words' speed :
rapid and accurate typewriter; office w,. r k
Address l».x 1535, Call office.
SITUATION ns fln»t-clnss engineer and ma-
chlnist; understands dynamos; strictly sober
and reliable; can furnish best of reference
Box IRIS, ("all office.
COACHMAN and all-round worker wants em-
ployment; can milk and take care of gar-
den If necessary: references flrst-elat-s- will
tiik.> place in rity nr country. Box 1517, Call.
BARBER would like a place so much a week,
board and room or no room. Box 1533, Call.
YOI'NG man desires position as second baker
In hotel. Box 1513, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. strictly temperate, de-
slres work to run elevator. Box 1512, Call.
SITUATION, rlty or country, by middle-aged
man; take care private place; can milk; handy
tools; reference. Address box 683, Call.
BOOKKEEPER of 15 years' experience desires
a position in city or country at moderate sal-
ary. Box 1652, Call office.
BY young, sober man to drive dell'iery wagon-
references given. Address box 1691, Call.
GARDENER, coachman, general utility man
wishes situation; city or country; good refer-
ences. Box 697, Call office.
WANTED — By man and wife, place In the
mines or camp; man as watchman, fireman
or general work; wife Ib a good cook and
first-class bread and cake baker; best of
references. Address J. A. C, 2032^4 Lombard
st. San Francisco.
POSITION desired by experienced man aa
manager, salesman or collector for firm with
branch office In Buffalo or Rochester N. T
Address box M, Perry Center. N. Y.
GOOD reliable barman and hotel man; speaks
English and German; best of references-
country preferred. Box 1654, Call office.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants a position
In a hotel or boarding-house; city or coun-
try. HENRY MATSU, 1329 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese landscape gardener,
Just arrived from Japan, wants work by day
or contract. Address D. B. HOUSE, 634 Post.
FIRST-CLASS general blacksmith and horse-
Bhoer; 21 years' experience. Address Me-
chanic, box 12fi. Call office. Oakland.
HELP WANTED FEMALE"
FIRST-CLASS laundress. Haywards, $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
2 FIRST-CI^ASS waitresses, country hotel, $20
each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, private family, $25 per month;
second girl, San Rafael, $13 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK. Oakdale. $30 per month; Mo-
desto, $25; Ross station, $25; Marysvllle, $20;
cook, private family, $30 per month: second
girl, $25; second girl. Dixon. $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
25 waitresses for first-class resorts and coun-
try hotels. $20: S waitresses for the best city
hotels. $20; 2 chambermaids, to wait dinner,
for a first-class water resort, $20 and free
fare one way; 2 fancy lroners for hotel (re-
sort). $25.
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman to cook for help on ranch. $25: house
girl. Woodland, small family, $2T>. fare paid;
and a «reat many cooks and house girls for
city and country, $15 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.
WANTED — Waitresses, cooks, second girls,
laundresses and girls for housework, city and
country, at going wages, too numerous to ad-
vertise. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
AN exeperleneed young lady cashier for coffee
and lunch parlor, $5 week and board. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— German girl for general housework
and cooking. Apply 2132 Post at., nr. Scott.
HELP WANTED— Continued. _
HOUSEWORK girl. $30; two housegirls, $20
each - MRS. ' NORTON, 313 Sutter st. -, -
SECOND girl, $25; seamstress. $20; housekeeper,
$20- two young girls to assist, $12 to $15;
cook, $30; ranch cook, $20; houseglrl, Sau a a-
llto, $20; Menlo Park, $25; San Rafael, $20 to
$25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; second girl. $25: nurse girl. $20, one
child. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl for second work, must speak
German, wages $20; young girl for Belvedere,
$20; a number of young girls to assist a hoard-
Ing house cook: 2 good waitresses. Mlfab
DILLON, 315 Sutter St., pnone Main 804.
ELDERLY German woman wanted by couple
for housework. 6C Vassar place, off Harri-
son, bet. Second and Third sts.
APPRENTICE 1 girl to learn shoefltting-. G.
M. KUTZ CO.. 103 Mission st.
GIRL for general housework at 117 Bartlett st. ;
good home.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.; 535 Market.
GIRL to assist; wages, $8 to $10. 2915 Frank-
lln st.
GIRL for light housework; family of three.
1514 Vallejo st. ; call after 9 a. m.
NEAT girl for general housework and plain
. cooking In small family. 2040 Sutter st.
GIRL or an elderly woman to take care of
baby; wages, $8. 205 Flllmore st.
AN apprentice wanted for dressmaking at 1022
Washington st. ; paid while learning.
NEAT girl to help wait at table. Call early,
619 Sacramento st. '
WANTED— GirI, 17 or 18. to assist in house-
work; must come with parent 714 McAllister.
FINISHERS on pants; steady. 858 Howard,
bet. Fourth and Fifth, over handball court.
FINISHER on coats; steady work. 473 Tehama
street. ;'. -/V ,
OPERATORS with some experience on steam
power machines will. find good work in LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall Factory. 32 1 Fre-
mont st Inquire for MR. DAVIS.
NEAT girl for housework; must understand
■ plain cooking-; wages $12. Inquire at 104
Devisadero st. r..\-i'- : ' " , -
GIRL of 17 to assist In light housework. Ap-
ply at 30 Bernice st. yr : ,-^; -■■
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on skirts and
waists. ' 423 Sutter st. '
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats: none oth-
ers need apply. S. N. WOOD, 718 Market st.
DRIVING-glove makers and apprentices; steady
work. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Market st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife, country. $40 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 iSutter St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 183
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. '." .
For the coast railroad .....free fare
6 stonemasons, free fare $3 a day
Blacksmith helper, free fare $2 25 a day
10 stonemasons' helpers, free fare $2 a day
6 concrete mixers, free fare $2 a day
4 wheelbarrow men $2 a day
4 scraper loaders and dumpers $2 a day
100 teamsters and laborers —$1 75 to $2 a day
20 tunnelmen, free fare $2 to $2 50 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $00;
head and second cooks, plain hotel, $90; short -
order cook, country hotel. $40 and found;
cook, $10 a week; fry cook. $50; cook, small
country hotel, $30; bakers' helper, restaurant,
$20 nnd board; potwasher, $25; potwasher,
Bummer resort, $22 50; vegetableman, sum-
mer resort, $25: dishwashers, hotels and res-
taurants. $25, $20 and $5 a week.
Head laundryman, country hotel, $60 and
$75 and found.
Porter, country hotel, $25: porter, country
hotel $20 fare advanced; neat bellboy, with
references, $15 to $17 50; a candy maker, $40
and found.
Gardener and assistant porter, summer re-
sort, $25. see party here early.
C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st ..'. ■
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant IS:
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
Blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 a day:
horseshoer, country shop, $2 a day; black-
smith, ranch, $40 and found: black-
smith, ranch. $1 50 a day and found; black-
smith helper, $1 a day and found.
Stove plate molder. city, $2 50 to $3 a day.
FOR A MINING COMPANY
Laborers, above ground, $1 85 to $2 40 a day,
board 50c a day, for a good responsible com-
pany.
14 laborers for a street railway company,
$175 a day, board where you like, fee $1.
10
German or Scandinavian laborers for an
asphalt company, $1 73 a day, board $4 20 a
week, see boss here, free fare.
FOR THE WOODS AND MILLS
' 8 lumber pliers. $1 25 a day and board; 6
Scandinavian laborers, see boss here, $30 and
board, fare $2; 3 timber fellers. $40 and board;
& crosscutters, $35 and board; 16 pilers. $2* and
board: tan bark peeler, $2 a cord: 10 wood-
choppers, $1 50 a cord; milker and wife $3o
and found; man and wife for a ranch. $4o; 15
farmers and haymakers, $1 25 a day and
board, office fee $1; milker, $25; buggy washer.
f. vy .\ J .'°.. an . d .! 0U c n iTT work ::................
4 2-horse wagon teamsters, $1 75 a day.
15 laborers. $175 a day company work
ltariUl T™HANSNii ; ii:=:
]"][ 104 Geary st •
MURRAY & READY •••? >h ° ne M^ lt - S * 8
Leading Employment an d^Labnr, Ag.nt s.
FOR "THE HAY AND HARVEST fields
36 haymakers.... sl M and $1 23 day and found
Header wagon drivers. $^-^ y •• — found
«"rWnrh' hands $80 and $26 and found
IS-r l^ ?,?*£&&£
TO THE GREAT fIOLD. SILVER AND
COPPER MINES
i' carload of common laborers, no experience
nec^wv........sSo. $40. $50 and $60 and found
26 laborers, no experience required, for gas
an c T r HE co sT^rf^-XND"wboDs:::::
20* laborers $26 and found
10 crosscut sawyers $35 and found
Snooltenders Screwtenders.
Redwood peelers.... Jackscrewers
Head donkey man ••••_• •"•••••
Mill bench hand.... • ......$2 i 5 daj
Carriage painter .Country shop
10 blacksmiths, shops and ranches
Vnrpman boiler-maker
_f. LABORERS ak : r TEAMSTERS
20 pick and shovel men, city.... s3o and found
10 teamsters, 2 horse: S $175 day
ALL THE GREAT RAILROADS IN CAL.
We are dally shipping ■■••
Tunnelmen ......Laborers
Teamsters Hammers— en
Stonemasons Drillers
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
STABLEMEN ....HOSTLERS
3 stablemen s $40 and $35
Hostlers, city and country
$30 and $25 and found
Granite cutters $3 day
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
ERRAND boy for our office; one who knows
the city. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
2 BUTCHERS for large ranch.... s3o and found
Baker for camp, near city. $40 and found
TO THE MINES FOR LARGE BOARDING-
HOUSE.
3 waiters $30 and found
Lunch man .- ....$3O and found
Dishwashers $30 and found
10 hotel cooks $60, $40 and $30
Walters, laundryman. etc ."
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay fit.
WANTED— First-class stableman, $12 a week;
6 Scandinavian men who can build fence, $2
a day and/Tree fare; 20 laborers about mine,
$1 85, $2 10 and $2 40 a day; 20 men for saw-
mill and woods, $40 and board; blacksmith
for sawmill, $40 and board; blacksmith city.
$2 50 a day and board ; 10 farmers, $1 25 and
board; man to burn lime, $50; ranch black-
smith, $50; . handy man with tools, work in
garden, repair fence, etc., $25; screw turner
for mill. $20. J. F. CROSETT _ CO. 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED— hotel, $60; cook, hotel, coun-
try. $50; cook, $10 a week; second cook, $30- 2
neat waiters, $9 and $10 a week; night porter
restaurant, $25; dishwasher, nice place _»■>'
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento's*. "
WANTED— more miners,' power drills, $3 50 a
day, part fare paid, see boss In city; 1 quartz
miner, $2 50 a day; 1 timberman for mine
$2 75; * gravel miners, $40 and found J f'
I CROSETT. & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— milkers for Humboldt County, $30;
see boss In city: call early: go to-day j f'
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st
— Stenographer and typewriter for
first-class ranch: $50 per month; must be
young man. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED— German second hand baker for
country shop; $25 per month and found and
fare advanced. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st. _^ . .
ANDRE' office, 316 Stockton st.— mining
company, 2nd cook, .$4O; waiter, officers'
mess, $25: for summer resorts, 2nd cook, $45;
French cook, $60; cook, $40: men for chores,
$15; dishwashers, $20 and $25; bedmaker. $20;',
for city, cook. $50; 2nd cook. $35: 2 waiters,
$30 and $35; dishwasher, $30; kitchen hand,
private place, $25; young man to learn wait-
ing, $20; 3 men to work in nurseries, $15 to
$25, etc.
WANTED— sharpener for mine, .$2 per
day; blacksmith's helper, same place $2 per
day; 3 milkers, $30; also 150 farmers, haying
hands, laborers, cooks, waiters and dishwash-
era. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
DISHWASHER for springs, $20. HOTEL QA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny st. .
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— tinsmiths. GEORGE H. TAT
CO., 616 Battery st. "
WANTED — 3 stove plate molders. GEORGE H.
TAY CO., 616 Battery st.
WANTED— Second cook; elderly man. 1012
i Battery st. '
SALESMEN— S4OO a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic Ketrlg-
erating Machines for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper than ice; ex-
clusive territory assigned. Arctic Refrigerat-
ing Company, Cincinnati, Ohio.
YOUNG single man to repair watches and Jew-
elry; must understand engraving: lor city
store; open evenings; permanent position to
right man. Box 1520, Call office.
WANTED— plumbers for Spokane, Wash.
Particulars apply HOLBROOK, MERRILL &
STETSON.
GOOD bread baker wanted. Lindell House,
Sixth and Howard sts. ■
WOULD like sober elderly man to assist in
housework for a good home and clothing. . Ad-
dress 122 Howard St. _____
WANTED— Strong young man to learn press-
Ing on custom pants ; call at 411% Kearny
St.. third flood. D SIDLOWSKI. .■,■
BOY to deliver orders in fruit store; call at
once. 1218 Polk st. '
WOODWORKER wanted. 537 Bjafhnan st.
YOUNG couple, man good bedmaker. wife good
cook, to learn nursing; must be strong and
well recommended. 25 Third st. .
MAN to put up room molding. JONES, 547
Mission st. ■ :'.•■■-.'•:
j SHOEMAKER for repairing; must be steady.
■ 753 Market st. _
' EXPERIENCED knife cutter on ladies' wrap-
! pers. STEUER, 109 Battery st. -
1 WANTED— A bootblack In barber shop. 202
Fourth st. '
WANTED— for street railway work;
• $1 75 day. Apply at room 16, 320 Sansome st.
GOOD waiter wanted at 1727 Market st.
BOY to learn upholstering and carpet trade.
1512 Polk st.
WANTED— A lively dishwasher; call early.
3252 Mission 6t.
PRESSER wanted on custom coats. 239 Fifth
street.
STRONG young boy for furniture store; state
wages per week and references. Box 1513,
Call. ; __________
WANTED— Elderly man; handy with wood-
workers' tools; light work. Box 1689. Call.
BARBER shop for sale at a sacrifice. In-
quire 145 Second st.
WATCHMAKING; young men and ladies to
learn trade. Address box 517. Call office.
AN experienced cutter. Apply M. KRAKER,
226 Bush st. .
GOOD woodchoppers for several months' work.
Apply 40 California st., room 8.
BARBER at 703 Howard St.; good wages.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid: cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
I Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco, Cal.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team -
• sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st. '.-'■'- '•■
WILSON House, 775 Mission St., near Fourth--
-100 modern rooms with hot, cold water; fre«
baths; electric lights; elevator; 25c to $1 night.
! WANTED— Expert durr-> men and powder men
for steam shovel work. Apply to JAS. A.
McMAHON, 210 Spear st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at $1 75 per
day. Devisadero and .Broadway, city.
TRAVELER to sell shirts on commission; side,
line; state particulars. Box 691. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
, 50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal. : sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
| miners; no other Class of labor Is required.
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H.
NORTON, superintendent.
' TO go this week— soo pa:rs men's shoes, sorat
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third . st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per. week.
WANTED — 20 men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
BUSH, 421, above Kearny— rooms; gas
and stationary washstand: 15c. 25c up.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 2.'a
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138% Eighth st.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.: rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys.
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. S63M! Market st.
I TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week. :
! WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
I ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
i WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
j clerks. Knnx Collpctlnn Agency. 112 Sutter St.
AGENTS >\ WANTED.
j SELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c; also
Leather Lustre: yam. 25c. BROWN, 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner for mining; must have
$1000; willing to leave city. Box 1655, Call.
WANTED— with $300 in good paying
saloon. COWING &- CO.. 995 Market.
" HOIMiS WANTED.'
SMALL unfurnished flat or 3 rooms wanted for
2 adults: no basements; no rears; terms mod-
erate and stated. . Box 1659, Call office.
WANTED— Sunny modern cottage or upper flat.
5 rooms- yard; near Howard and Thirteenth
sts.: rent>lH. 714 McAllister st. t
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— unfurnished rooms, between
Kearny and Mason. Putter and Market. MRS.
8.. Call office, box 1657.
FURNITURE WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 79 9th. buys, sells.
exch. new & id-hand fur., carpets, stoves.
WAn'l'UU Ml si. t-i.l- ♦ •«■»»«.>.
WANTED— furnished house In San Rafael
for 3 months in exchange for a furnished
house in San Francisco. Address W. H.
WIESTER. 17 New Montgomery St.. S. F.
WANTFD for cash, steam schooner, about 100
tons' capacity: give full particulars. Ad-
dress Box 1673. Call.
ROLLER top desk, second-hand; must be fine.
Box 1656. Call office.
2 OR 3 50-foot painter's falls and hooks; good
condition. 225 Jersey st. -
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper team •
with harness and pead bars: long Job. K. B.
BTONE. Kimhurst.
————
UISI.
LOST— A gold watch and fob in Palace Hotel,
Friday afternoon about 3 o'clock; initials
"E. W. T." on cover. Reward if returned
to Lieuterant E. W. Tanner. Presidio.
$25 REWARD for return of card case contain-
ing diamond stud and papers. 726 Market st.
LOST— White . horse, short tall; weight 1100-1200
pounds; strayed from Bay View; $10 reward
Green Mountain Dairy.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco . in
I the name of ANNIE A. PRATT. No. 147-316
The finder will please return to bank.
NOTICE TO CkfcDITOUS. ~~
NOTICE to Creditors-Superior Court City~and
County of San Francisco. State of California-
Estate of CHARLES ADOLPH MULLER de-
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the under-
signed administrator of the estate n f
CHARLES ADOLPH MULLER? debased . to
the creditors of and all persons having claims
against said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers within four months
_> af « the first publication of this notice to th.
I?- 1 ? administrator at the office of George T
■Wright Esq. room 8, tenth floor. Mills buildl
th!' in said city and county, which said office
the undersigned selects as his place of busi-
ness In all matters connected with said estate.
_,,.• . HENRY MULLER,
Administrator of the Estate of CHART f<?
ADOLPH MULLER, Deceased v -* lAiu ' til
Dated May 23. 1599
E. K. TAYLOR. Attorney for Estate.
PHYSICIANS. ~~IUSIVES' chances.
A.-$«5«: CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis- ]
sion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
flrst-claes paying place; no better offer for
n,an and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Market St.
A--5730; A class saloon, vicinity of the
Baldwin; establ. years; private club and la-
<l:es' room; rent cheap. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. &0« Market ft.
\-HcO— BRANCH bakery and notion store in
lively country town. IS miles from the city; |
rent 115, including flat: a rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. ?06 Market st.
\-sl4<io--CORNER grocery and bar in the best
location of the Mission; living rooms; place
established years; doing a good business;
large stock in groceries and liquors. It q'
WILKE. 906 Market st. ' '
K— s^oo; CIGAR .--tana with laundry office; rent
$15; one block from Call. WILKE. 906 Mar-
ket Ft. ■
A-JI2CO; BAKERY In lively country town-
r>tabliflied years; monthly sales $1000; rent
J2;>; horse, wagon, living rooms: a good pay-
lriK^nisUiess. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
X— MM; BRANCH bakery in the Mission- 4
living rooms; rent 117 I I; a good paying place;
clears about $10u per month. R. a. WILKE
k6 Market st
A-$1600; CORNER grocery and bar; living
ims.; one-half block from Wieland's Brewery:
daily receipts about $26; cash trade only; a
lare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
U'V-GROOERY and bar; 3 living rooms; south
If Market: rent $25 : owner selling on account
<.f other business. M. LESS. TO;. Market st.
ITChY-BUTCHER shop; 35 lies from city;
route of 135 regular customers; receipts from
JljOu to Jl7OO monthly; living rooms; bargain
LE^t>. 765 Market st.
MCij-OYSTER house and tain. Tip factory, near
Market; must be sold at once on account of
other business in , country. M. LESS, 765
Market st. >,
SKhk)— PORK and sausage store: best part of
city: established 21 years; In this line you
§ could not find a better offer on this coast to-
day; full investigation afTorded: trial if you
mean business. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
I LOCKSMITH shop; established 14 years;
• nil value in stock; business speaks for Itself;
satisfactory reasons for selling. M. LESS,
a«w Market Ft., poslte Phelan's.
RESTAURANT In most prosperous inland town
of State; 8 furnished rooms; offered at great
sacrifice; owner going to Europe. M. LESS,
i 65 Market ft.
t2O0 — PARTNER wanted; business will pay over
$60 per month to each yearly. McLAUGHLLN
& CO., 777 Market st.
f2so— DELICACY and pork store; bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
Jl5A— PARTNER wanted in light business; $15
to $25 a week: trial given: no experience re-
qulred. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
ROOMING house; must sacrifice to-day; bar-
galn. COWING & CO.. 935 Market St.
GENERAL manufacturer wishes to communi-
cate- with gentleman with $5000 .or $10,000,
greatest opportunity In this line In United
States; full information by address. Box
ISI6, all office.
$7'>'»— HALF interest In one of the finest meat
markets In the city; fine locality and trade,
with best class of customers; includes horses,
waeons, book accounts etc. G.. box 1621, Call.
$150— DELICACY stand In market with other
thincs: doing goo<l busln»i«r.; no night or Sun-
day work; rniike an offer. 615 Eighth St.,
land.
SUBSCRIPTIONS now received to CAPITAL
STOCK of MEXICAN RUBBER AND COF-
FEE PLANTATION CO.. acquiring 5 produc-
ing plantations; will he trading stock on
"Change; dividend next February IS per cent;
within 2 years CO per cent annually; shares,
110; unassessable. Prospectus, etc., obtainable
from MEXICAN IMPROVEMENT CO.. 220
California St.
FORTUNE is knocking at yoUr door and will
come in for $1000; this its a business enter-
prise, but circumstances are such that 1 .-.»n
. offer you an extraordinary proposition. Box
1670. all office.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; north of Market;
doing good business; nice neighborhood; fine
place for man understanding the business;
good reasons for selling. Address C. A.,
box IS4S. Call office.
GOOD hotel in Sacramento; doing first-class i
business: good location: 65 regular boarders;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
FOR sale—Old established carpenter shop:
owner retiring from business; rent cheap.
ISI3 Unoin st.
BARRERS— Good shop and bath: in country,
near city; a bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.,
1W Ellis st.
jr/P— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; Government trade. 103 Ninth st.
FOR sale— a good faying saloon. Inquire
Rathskeller. 544 California st.
FOR wale— Fixtures and good will of saloon;
established 30 years; stock optional; reason-
able; good location. Address 1518, Call.
RARE opening in daily Journalism. Address
M.; box 1654. Call oflice.
SALOON" f..,r sale; in good location. Inquire at
636 Third *t.
PAPER-COVERED Book Store, 1203 Market.
bet. Eighth and Ninth; a money-maker;
price $2500. and big value for the money.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and bar for 3ale;
cheap. Apply at 1795 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking business for sale;
bargain. Box 1675, Call. .
BAKERY, stationery and notions; doing good
business; going East. 511 Lacuna st.
SALOON for sale — business; good loca-
tion. Inquire National Brewing Co.
EHOESHOP must be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished ; good prices. 332 Bush.
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. to Jackson st.
FOR — Cheap; coffee and lunch house in
business district. Box 699, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S., 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
FIRE and burglar proof safe and National
cash register; cheap. 42 Main st.
EARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures: new and second-hand.
J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A AN OVERSTOCK
St Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap: installmts.
A B-STONE diamond ring; a most unique set- !
ting: really worth $100; my price for It $59. '
U.VCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. j
4 WHITE kittens. 11 Varlnas place. Telegraph
Hill, bet. Union and Filbert.
HANDSOME thoroughbred Newfoundland pup, !
4 mos. old, for sale. 403 Stevenson, cor. Fifth.
FOR sale— Windmill. ' tank and waterplpe;
nearly new. 703 San Bruno aye.
FOR SALE— lmported Belgium homing pigeons.
Call 714 Ellis st. ■
FOR sale— Two very small thoroughbred black
and tan pups. 713 Mission St.; barber shop..
PEDIGREED blue and brindle great Dane
pups. Inquire office Sunset Kennels. 171 4th.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
_ABHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
GASOLINE engines— l h p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
_h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 627 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 S5: fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— 9l 60 DERBT and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
_ lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap Iron and j
metals bought. S. F. I. V. , 204 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. 616 Mlßßlon st.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes; half origin cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. .
ATTOK X Y S AT LAW. '.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER- James O. " Ma^
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L Galla- 1
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build- ;
ing, 825-855 Market St. ; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law, I
pixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance !
charges; esjates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
Bet open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C. :
GRANT, room 604, Emma Bpreckels building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ, attorney at law; pro-
bate and r'Jardianship: Sth floor Crocker bldg. i
L. S. CLARKE— Emma SpreckeTs building, 927 j
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance. ;
ADVICE free: no Charge unless successful. W. '
"TV. DAVIDSON. 927 Market »» • - I
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
LI-ROOM hou^f: on Third ~Btr?n?r!7?rrr?n??rss7s
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800
6-room flat, near Emporium 250
15-room house; worth $600 250
16-room house; on Sixth *t 660
IS rooms; tunny corner; clears $200....... 1100
&0 rooms; best corner in the city 1800
10 rooms; on Jones st.; worth $1000. .. 600
14 rooms; on Taylor st. (good) 650
H. C. DECKER,
IC2O Market M.. - 1020 Market M.
f». H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
15 rooms;' easy payments; offices.. $750
26 rooms: rent $35 only • 400
25 roo:ns; rant $55; paying house 750
48 rooms: rent $75; hard to duplicate 1050
MONEY TO LOAN on furniture at 2\i pet.
TO close an estate— The Marlborough. 404 Eddy
ft.; 36 rooms; all oak furniture and new car-
pets; to he seen by permit from our office
only. A. M. SPECK & CO.. «7 Market st.
A— WANT tenants for 6. S. 10, 13, 30, 80 rooms.
_SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
104 ROOMS; clears 850 .'.... $1600
2S rooms; clears $100 700
11 rooms; clears $30 200
100 others: money loaned; Insurance placed.
_ NATIONAL. AGENCY, 78J\4 Market St.
22- ROOM bouse, near Market st. ; rent $40.
$300 — 18 rooms; central: all rented: $150 cash,
balance on time. BASILE, 873 Market st.
$250 — ELEGANT house 10 rooms; first floor doc-
tor's office; selling for best reasons: 50 other
houses for sale. HEALY. 917 Market st.
THIRD, 233— Lodging, house of 11 rooms for sale
cheap.
$300— LODGING house of 20 rooms for sale;
rent $25. 72 Jackson Ft.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
FURNITURE FOR sale:.
THIS day (Tuesday); call; make offer (Alex-
andria Hotel); furniture must be sold; retail;
chiffoniers, oak bed sets, carpets, piano;
can't auction. ..DAVIS & CO., 1111 Market
St., Odd Fellows' building.
FURNITURE of a 4-room flat, $25; complete
for housekeeping; rent cheap. 652 Clementina.
FOR eale cheap — Furniture of 4 room 6; all
new; rent $10. 45 Shipley st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
60c Eastern Ovtntting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 80. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1157-1181 Market.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for" $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stetnway dealers, corner Kearny and Butter
Bta,, San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. __
FINE cabinet grand (Glllman) piano, also
Marshall ft Wendell, rent for $2 60. 342
Kearny st. •
BEAUTIFUL high-grade piano will be sold
this afternoon for $110. Room 12, Flood bldg.
A NEW Chlckerlng and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary, teL La: kin 706
OUR specialty is renting new pianos, $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
~R. T. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 t6 312 Port st.
A— UPRIGHTS. ?69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put -in
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mai
A— sss; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post Ft. _^ ■ . .
W. 0 BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. BCHIIITZ, 16
McAllister St., nex,t Hlbernia Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. B. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum: thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubberr crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, Sue; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENIAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell fit., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, 13; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up: gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission at., cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 MarKet st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
IuUMI(J\AL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly In 6 weeks or a
year's course free; rapid earns: other studies;
college graduates perfected. TARR, Expert
Accountant, room 60, Flood building.
PRIVATE instructions In shorthand and type-
writing; improved method; $3 per month;
also typewriting- done very ■ reasonable. 365
McAlllßter Bt.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, .electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch I.; day & eve.;
sat 1864 VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PIANO lessons , by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience; 50c an .hour. 620 Eddy st.
MATHEMATICS, history, English taught;
coaching specialty; vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
-' . PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted— Notice Is hereby given, that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome St..
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m..
SATURDAY, June 24. 1599. and opened- Im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of. bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cul. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing
July 1. 1899, and ending . December 31, 1889.
Schedules with Information and instructions
foe. submitting bids- will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It
Is in accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder muet accompany his bid with a. certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house tor at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder wlil enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia room 13 *20 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Pal' By order of the Board of Directors. .
Cal. By oraer J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
OFFICE C Q M.. Vancouver Barracks. Wash.,
June 6 1899— Sealed proposals, In triplicate,
will be received here until 11 a. m., June 20,
1899 and then opened for furnishing steam-
boat service between Astoria. Oregon. Fort
Stevens. Oregon, and Fort Canny Wash., for
fiscal year commencing July 1, 1899. Informa-
tion furnished here. United States reserves
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Envelopes containing
proposals should be marked: "Proposals for
steamer transportation," and addressed to
undersigned. J.W. JACOBS, C. Q. M.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 13. 1899.
PERSONALS. '
YOUNG American of moderate means and best
of ■ references would like to meet, a nice young,
lady or widow; view to. matrimony. Address
box 16&3. Call . office. .
LINCOLN. BROS.— "; ~~ ~ "
Sell Kpg», 15c doz; Butter, 30c roll; 2 lbs
coffee. -25c; 5 cans Deviled Ham. 25c; 6 cans
Sardines, 25c; 3 cans Table Peaches, 25c;
large cans Jelly, 10c; 12 lbs Beans, 25c; 4
cans Best Tomatoes, 25c: 6 cans Baked Beans,
25c; 3 cans Milk, Be; Flour, 75c sk: 19 lbs
Gran. Sugar, $1. We pay freight 100 miles.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth, above Folsom.
LEDERER'.S yulntoniea gives the beautiful
gloss to hair you admire so much; 3r.c bottle;
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
ASK LEDERER for Scheffler's Colorine; 'twill
restore gray or bleached hair to its natural
color for $1 50 to $5; price 75c per box; hair-
dressing, 25c; switches, $1. 123 Stockton st.
THE Ills of mankind cured by natural mag-
netism by a stroke of hands; no medicine
used. J. H. NORDLEE. 5 Seventh, nr. Market.
GENTLEMEN'S sewing or mending at 271
O'Farrell st., room 12. -•
KNITTING— Shirts to order, $1 each. 614
Ellis st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $160 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cages taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 891.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern .Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton at
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office, Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases. ■
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion ;guarantd. Dr. Gordln. 614 Pine, ab. Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st.;. open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladles, or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $8; bed lounges
$4 50; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Wolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary St.; dresses made. $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings $1; diagnosis free.
MRS. IIANDENA. clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; developing
and test circle to-night; admission 25c. 234 Vi
Sixth st. .
ELSIE REYNOLDS and Miss Hodge hold a
Joint materializing seance Tuesday evening;
two cabinets: 50c. 323 Ellis st.
MEDIUMS' Association— To-night. Occidental
Hall. 305 Larkin st. ; Mesdames Seal, Griffin,
Shrlner; -10c. '
CRINDLE- Slate writer and occult telegrapher;
hours 10 to 5; sittings $1. 323 Ellis st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister ft. ; come skeptics.
MRS. HARLAXD'S test circle to-night; writ-
ten questions ans.; IDe; sit daily. 120 Sixth.
C. V. MILLER, materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m. ; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. MBNA FRANCES. Independent slate-
writing medium. lIS Haight st. i
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Hon., 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
toller, has opened an office nt 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIKVOIAXTS.
MISS J. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium Immediately, either in person j
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and is master
of the power by which she enn reveal your [
entire life; also the lives of those In whom
you are interested; satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket Ft.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with' double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladles. 50c. gents. $1; git.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL success of of Mme. Cllngman,
from New York: scientific palmistry and
astrologlst; readings iOc and $1. 613 Tenth
St., Oakland. ■__ _
MMX. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present and future, 25c 14$ Sixth, r. 12.
MMX HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth, r, 12.
MISS SHELDON Is located at 17 Grant aye.,
room 6; card reading and business advice.
MISS L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market st., room 2.
MISS M. FOX. celebrated card reader, room 12,
311 Grant aye.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netist. . 207 Powell St., rooms 5-6.
MMX. LENEMAR. 225 Mason, cor. O'Farrell;
by planets; pred'td rescue pass. str. Gold. '74.
RETURNED— MISS YON BERG, clairvoyant
and palmist. 204 Ellis St., rooms 35 and 36.
MISS ALEECE FAURE. card reader. 405 Kear-
ny st., room 34; French and English spoken.
MRS. KOPP, natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader: 50c. 18 Lewis St., off Taylor, nr. Post.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 3«» i Geary st.. rooms 1 and 3.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post St., room 1. _
MISS GEORGIA TAYLOR", returned, palmist
and card reader. Room 1. HO I Turk st.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MYRTLE POTTER card reader and palmist.
Parlor* 12 and 18, second floor. 565V4 Market.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom-
. etrlst; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours.
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln St.. room 6.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 15c.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer, first
In her profession; never fails. 326 A Sutter st.
MME. 9YBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count Bt. Qer-
matne. 616 Geary St., above Jones; tel. Hyd*
2621: reading by mail, $1.
YOUR fate Is in your hand; scientific palmis-
try. MME. GERMAINE. 906 Market St.. r. 30.
PROF. D. LANDER will read your hand to
perfection. 34 Sixth St., room 8. . ...
A— MME. BUBHNELL. the famous palmist, 918
Bush St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
astrology.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium; minerals
located; lucky days; palmistry. 319 McAllister.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.'
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase A Mendenhall, suc-
cessors KUlip & Co.; salesyard, 1732 Market.
AT auction, Friday. June 16, at 11 o'clock, at
.810 Golden Gate aye., 50 head good work and
driving horses, from 1000 to 1400 pounds.
FOR sale — horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car stables. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses, 1140 Folsom st.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired,, bought, sold;
machine hupplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th. ,
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ,;--.'
.%•-;.': HOUSES TO LET. *
FOUR* fine houses, newly papered,' tinted and
painted, 838 Guerrero, cor. Twenty-first; 12
rooms, large grounds, stable, etc.; 3386 and
3388 Twenty-first, near Guerrero, 7 rooms
each; 3553 Twentieth, bet. Valencia and Mis-
sion, 8 rooms. These are desirable, pleas-
ant homes: rent' very reasonable^ see them.
E. G. DENKIBTOK. 3454 Twenty-first st. ■
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MISSION, 1215 H. near Eighth— of 14
sunny rooms, bath, tubs, etc. ; suitable . for
.roomers; rent $40. ■ :
SUNNY house, 7 rooms and bath. $724 Brod-
erick m., near McAllister; rent $22.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2754, bet. York arfd Hamp-
. shire— 6 rooms, all modern improvements;
■ large yard; rent $11. ____^_-^^^—
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
ASH aye.,' 220—6 nice furnished sunny rooms
. very reasonable; half price; Investigate..
BEAUTIFUL country home, 12 rooms, nicely
furnished; large, handsome grounds; rent
$40. 698 Thirty-fifth St.. Oakland; Grove-st.
•cars. • • ' __^
TO LET.-9 rooms and bath, with piano. $43.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Mar-
ket st. .
'. COTTAGES TO LET.
BY July 1. furnished cottage in Sausallto to let,
5 rooms and bath, for the summer;, rent $20.
Inquire at 58 Clementina st.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath; large basement. 724
• Willow aye.; rent $14. ' - ■
FOR rent, nice 6-room cottage; rent $18. Bon-
ita aye., near Piedmont Springs. ■
$6— REAR cottage; 4 rooms, basement; water
free. 339 Jersey St., Castro cars.
Is 7 50— New 5-room cottage; bay window and
barn; water free. 5060 Mission St.
$9— COZY cottage, 4 rooms and yard. 1705 Turk
St.. near Scott.
FLATS TO LET.
FLATS. I COTTAGES.
932 Clay; 4 r $15 315 Jersey; 5 r $13
3601 Jackson; 6 r.. 15 1 2106 O'Farrell; 4 r... 11
3 Pine place;-5 r.. 13 2436 Bush; 3 r 10
623 Linden aye.; 4 r 11! 2106 O'Farrell; 4 r... 11
.1057 G. G. aye.: 4 r. 10 1814H Scott: 4 r 8
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
ADELAIDE place, 8 off Taylor, near Post—
4 sunny rooms in nice order. $12.
BEAUTIFUL modern 8-room corner flat. Cor-
ner" Howard and Nineteenth Pts. '
COMFORTABLY furnished flat of 6 rooms,
bath and yard to lef at 835 Fulton st., near
Webster; key lower flat.
COZY flat; 3 rooms, bath: modern. 3 Middle
St., off California, near Flllmore.
ELIZABETH, 11, near Twenty-third and Guer-
rero — rooms; yard and cellar; rent reason-
able. Inquire upstairs.
FELL, 511— Flat, 4 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water, seas, yard and basement. Key
at 513 Fell st. - -
FEW steps from City Hall, fine sunny top flat;
6 rooms, bath. 10 Grove st. • '
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window, bath. 716 Na-
toma, bet. Bth and Sth sts.; $12.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 rooms; reasonable to right party.
820^4 Jessie fit., off Ninth.
MISSION. 1513, near- Eleventh— large sunny
rooms; bath, laundry, yard; rent $18.
I MODERN flat of 5 sunny rooms; must be seen
to be appreciated. Apply 3753 24th st.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. ITMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TENTH. 139. near Market— Flat. 6 rooms, bath;
yard: In good order: reasonable rent.
UPPER flat; 4 sunny rooms, with bath. Cor.
Cedar aye. and Larkin St., bet. Post and
Geary; $16. .
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
$S— UPPER sunny flat 4 rooms. 26V4 Ritch st.,
bet. Folsom and Harrison.
COZY tunny flat. 4 rooms, bath and yard.
10 Shotwell St., near Fourteenth.
$18— PARLOR, bedroom, dining-room, kitchen,
bath, toilet, cellar, yard. 1917 Geary st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FOR SALE— Nicely furnished flat, 7 rooms;
Geary st. ; five minutes' walk from Kearny
and Market; account of leaving city. Box
587. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. .
AT 14A Geary— Large, well-fur, suite for light
hskpg. ; run. water; $16 mo. ; others $1 50 wk.
CLEMENTINA, 291— Two nice rooms suitable
for housekeeping; all furnished; cheap.
DERBY place, off Taylor, near Geary— 2 flats,
or 6 rooms, to let; cheap.
EDDY, 620 — Three furnished sunny rooms, com-
plete; housekpg; yard; laundry; gas: others.
EDDY, 917— Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
splendid location; private family; no children.
ELLIS, 742— Nicely furnished sunny double
room; closet; gas; bath; light hskpg: $10.
ELLIS. 1436, corner Hollls— 3 large sunny un-
furnished corner rooms: top flat; porcelain
bath: tile sink; steel range; telephone, etc.;
rent $15. .
FOLSOM, 756— Large front room for light
housekeeping; single, 75c per week.
GEARY, 660 — Unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
ing.
GEARY.. 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
HYDE. 110—3 rooms . furnished for housekeep-
Ing. ' .
LARKIN, 324—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MARKET, 1028 Large Bunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfurn., $5.
MISSION, 112.% near Seventh — Large front
room; furnished fur housekeeping; $2 per wk.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable. '-v. v. "v
POINT LOBOS aye., 1819— Furnished house-
keeping rooms, $10 to $12.
POWELL, 143, below O'Farrell— i frnshd. hkpg.
rooms; hot and. cold water; range; bath.
SEVENTH, 262—2 large sunny corner suites,
suitable for housekeeping; large grounds.
SHIPLEY, 259, near Folsom and Sixth— Four
rooms, $6. 60 Natoma St., two housekeeping
rooms, $5. .
SOUTH PARK, 90— or 3 well-furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms, $7 to $12.
SOUTH PARK, 159, near Third and Bryant—
Front rooms for light housekeeping.
TEH AM A, 478, near Sixth— s rms., complete for
hskpg., $14; also 2 others for light hgkpg., $8.
THIRD, 514V 2 — Ig. unfur. rms.; large yard and
cellar; rent $8; side ent. Inquire barber shop.
TURK, 301, cor. Leavenworth— B sunny hpkg.
rooms, $10; ground floor; also 1 small; cheap.
TURK, 529—1 large sunny room for housekeep-
ing, $10 per month; also sunny room, run-
ning water, $1 75 per week. •
VALENCIA. 1171-2 nicely furnished bay-wln-
dow rooms; private family; housekeeping.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
. ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 kearny^st^Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
BOHEMIAN, 239 Post. cor. Stockton—
corner, rooms and suites; quiet, all conven-
iences; tourist; elevator, etc.; first-class ref-
erence given. i
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.'.
CLAY, Lower floor, '3 unfurnished sunny
rooms: no children.'
CLAY. 1723, near Van Ness— Three rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished.
FOLSOM, $20, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 week and up. v
GEARY, 666— Elegant sunny front parlor, piano;
suites; other rooms; privilege light house-
keeping; telephone.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely furnish-
ed sunny front room; running water; private
family; reasonable. • ""■
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye., 17— Bay-window front suite; also
single rooms; transient solicited. •■ ■
HANCOCK House, *81 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 tb $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter, near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; elevator: free baths. •
HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Prettily furnished
corner suites,- bath; board optional. r
HOWARD, 835— One large : front sunny room
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen: also 2 large
single rooms; In private family. >.
MA LUSTER. 635— Nicely furnished rooms in
•> private family; bath. • „ *.; _ ...|
v " ROOMS 'TO LET— Continued.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1210— New furnished rooms; also
suite suitable for doctor's office; private
, family. ••'-/. : .
NATOMA, 566— Nice sunny furnished room.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric light*: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, 424— Double front bay-win, rra. ;
prettily fur.; desk; 1 small; both hot. cold wr.
POST, 615 — Sunny rooms; suites and single; rea-
; sonable. ■ -
POST, 715— Large furnished room, sunny,
closet, gas, . bath $10. • ,
POWELL, 15— Newly fur.; new management;
single, double, transient; next to Columbia.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50:
week,- $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat. ; baths.
RITCH, 206%, off Bryant, near Third— 2 and 4
rooms; . rent $5 and $7.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near • Market— Furnished and unfurnished. ,
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished rooms; also
rooms for housekeeping; moderate. *» .■ ■
SUTTER, 1111— Furnished rooms, single 'and en
suite; also for housekeeping. * -■■'"■
TAYLOR. 407— Sunny, front room, piano, bath;
reasonable. . ' ■■' •
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good dooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.'
"THE GRENOBLE," 613 Bush. cor. Stockton-
Suits, $15 up; single. $8; newly turn.; bath.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St., near Market—.
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1791 ,
THIRD. 25, near Market— rooms In
city; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
THIRD 508, nr. Bryant— Cheerful, bright room,
bath, hot, cold water; single, $6. or $8 for 2.
TURK. Elegant room for gentleman;
central; '$12 month. V
VALENCIA, 1306, near Twenty-fourth— Sunny
rooms, furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
VAN NESS, aye., 43— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bay-window suite; kitchen; also other
rooms. ; . " _________------_----
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ELLIS 1127— Sunny front room suitable for
two; board optional; private family.
O'FARRELL.. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double, $20.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
eg.— Furnished suites and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarder*.
SPECIAL rate for 2; come and see. 930 Mis- I
»lons|L^__ i _ i ______ —— ______________ I
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED — One or two children to board; also
room. 429 Minna st.
" WANTED— and keeping of 1 or 2 chil-
dren; reasonable price; healthy location; good
I home. Box 691, Call office.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board;
good home; reasonable. 306 Bartlett st.
INFANTS boarded; confidential. Box 700, Call
office.
RESTAURANTS.
WEPTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
STORES TO IdfiT.
NINTH, corner Bryant— Large store; good fix-
tures; rooms and stable; rent low.
i STORE 10 lease— First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
Ets. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market at.
THREE new stores, cor. 7th and Minna sts.,
at reduced rent, by JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine.
$20— STORE northwest corner Post and Baker
Btt., with fixtures complete for a grocery; 3 ;
rooms in rear; fine concrete cellar; water free, i
■ A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
OEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 107 m Market St.. S. F. ; examina-
tlon free: open evenings.
MEDICAL..
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5. No in-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. |
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s Infallible
pills, 510 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkln; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundayb
by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
j ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the ,
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office, j
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con- '
suiting the doctor, free, before going else- .
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkln: hours, .10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. . m.- !
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women; |
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace j
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief, i
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home, I
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de- \
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-.
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in- j
stantly; consultation free and confidential; ;
home for patients; comfort and privacy. j
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 IHarxet St.. between
Mason and Taylor: office hours, 9 to 6 and 7
to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
LADlES— Chlchester 1 English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mill; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no |
ii :--r how long standing; travelers helped j
at t li'.f. . nf>: call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation |
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
fem3ie specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnoll has
treated sucessfully more cases of . irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be ured at home; consultation
free; call or write. 1023*4 • Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; reli-
able, safe, sure; maternity home; no instru-
ments.; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment. 15. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
. est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
jst. ; $1 »0. . Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 631 ■ X st., Sacramento, Cal. .
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor, 43d
and Linden, Oakland; home in confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st car.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden "Gate ay«. ;
private home In confinement.
DP., and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. ■
CARPET CLEAN I ii.
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works—
moves, lays' carpets, C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth st. telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
■end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
800 McAllister St., cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
463 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd. ; tel. Mint 346.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.' ■
CHEAPEST and best- in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
THE choicest lots in Richmond very cheap:
east side Tenth aye., corner Clement st. ; 2."x
105 feet each: elevated and sitely; fine ma-
rine views; Just the location for a home:
graded, street macadamized and sewered;
electric cars pass every few minutes; only $700
each; easy payments; If you have any Idea of
. getting a home be sure and look at these lots;
sun morning and afternoon. " » ■
W. J. GUNNY 410 Montgomery st.
100 ACRES— lands of the H. Schwerin
home farm. 5 miles from City Hall, In Visi-
tation Valley.
Sheltered on three sides by the valley in-
closure; deep black loam; -abundant pure
water; natural drainage..
Bountiful acreage homes; 10 acres; at less
than a choice city lot.
1 " THE 100 ACRES, $65,000. "
By order of partitioned. THOMAS MO-
RAN. Agent, 534V4 California st.
$7850— CHOICEST corner 'of all; marine and
Park view cannot be obstructed; 10 large
sunny rooms; conservatory; most expensive-
ly decorated; hot air furnace: all possible
conveniences. Apply to ALBERT WILFORD
on premises, cor. Fulton and Shrader sts.,
from 11 to 3. McAllister or Hayes-st. car.
$4750 — park residences, 7 and 9 rooms; all
sunny; large lot; fine' locality ;'se« these; open
for Inspection every day; owner on premises.
'Carl et., between Cole and Stanyan.
$2600— NEW modern «-room " cottage, with all
the latest. conveniences; $400 cash, balance 125
monthly; lot 25X125; near corner Twentieth
and Castro ats. F. NELSON, Builder.
WANTED^ : ' ~~ '■ :■ ' ".
Cheap lots near car lines ' anywhere In San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate Agent,
630 Market st.
GOOD paying business property for sale; part
cash, part exchange. Owner, box 1676, Call.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.
IK ' your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery.
FORECLOSURE— I 9 lots In block 882. south of
Park, to highest bidder. J. J. EVANS,
Money Leaner, 630 Market' st. ' ' -
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money nee H. MURPHY.. 680 Market St.
. COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
FOR rent— 6 rooms, part of house, furnlshPd
for housekeeping; suburbs San Jose; $10
monthly. Apply 2432 Jackson St., afternoons.
IMPROVED ranch, 400 acres, proposition sur-
prising;; V& acres In Napa City, 6-room cot-
tage, .barn, ]60 trees, garden land; in whole
or, part. OWNER, 1532 Polk st. .
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7600
acres left. ■ For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO.. 602 California »t.. 8. F. '
FRUIT, grain and stock farms. . I''-..
W. T> HOLCOM ft CO.. 20 Montgomery nt.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
. removal ; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 Third st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg. , chattels,
undlv'd Int'ts, etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312
Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.'
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money pee H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
' 722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage ot
turn. & H. H. goods. 725 Mkt.. tel. Black 111.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel Main 5711.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKUM) HEAL KSTATB.
FOR sale or rent — Beautiful suburban corner
cottage, with large grounds and fruit trees
In bearing: ! modern Improvements; furnace
heating; hand frescoed; southeast exposure.
Inquire this week, corner Eighth aye. and
Twenty-second St., East Oakland; cars pass
door, 12 minutes from Eighth and Broadway.
! A— s2s CASH. $5 60 monthly till paid for will
build to order a 3-room cottage, • high base-
ment: lot 50x256 feet; price all told, $425; mote
land can be had; Westall Tract, In tropical
FrultTtßle, adjoining East Oakland; rich soil
i and crew* view; no fogs nor cold winds here;
electric cars and a 90-foot wide boulevard
near, and not far from a fine 3-story school-
house; there are a number of San Framclsco
merchants located In this section. Call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh st., Oakland;
carriage free.
Westall Tract, lots $39 upward; terms to suit.
Allendale Tract, lots $75 upw'd; terms to suit.
Gallndo Tract, lots $90 upward; terms to suit.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
OAKLAND KlllMTlilE FOR BAUD.
AN Introduction to you from H. Bchellhaaa, th»
furniture <WW 11th «nd Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUM F. n \ REAL . ESTATB. '
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS!!
These five, houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts: . -
No. I— sl4lo for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 home; 6 rooms bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $8500 home; 6 rooms, baih.
' No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— $4500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern Im-
provements. ,
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
620 Market St., S. F.,-Bay-st. Station, Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
AL.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~~~
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Charles J-. Lampe and Katie J. D0n0van... 37-29
Michael Morlarty and Mamie E. Coll 35-24
Ernest J. Hummel and Nellie Parker 38-28
Albert Bellgraph and Maggie Dunn 24-24
Benjamin T. Jevons and Mary J. H01me5.. 37-37
William R. Morgan and Frances I. Rowe. .30-20
" BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
| Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will. not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
PATTISON— In this city, June 12. 1899, to the
wife of George Pattlson, a daughter. ■
" HARRIED. ~ ~
SIDLOWSKI— In this city. June 11,
1599, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Aaron Slrilow-
ski and Rebecca Green, both or San Fran-
cisco. ' '. . . . . "
_ _____
DIED.
Agnew, Harry J. Hurley. Mary A.
Anderson. Louise Krause, Charles
Bauer, Ernestine Levin. Harold
Benson, Mrs. Ann Locher, Frank J.
BlTer. Louise S. Martin. Ella
Butterfleld. C. H. Matullch, George J.
Cam John Miller. Alice L.
.Carroll. John . Moore, John A. I
Coin, Mme. Cecile Murray, Howard C.
Costello. Patrick . Norton. Patrick
Curley. Doris E. O'Shea, Julia
Dangla, Ignaclo Phelps, Timothy O.
Dawson. Claire Prentice. Ellie
Doerr, Louisa Soherer. Leon
Dunn. Cornelius . Thomsen. Nicholaus
Gardiner. Thomas Truett, Marian J.
Glasheen. William Wobber. Hermann
' Hughes, Genevleve !
AGNEW— San Jose, June 11. 1899, Harry
J. Agnew, a native of New York, aged 52
years. . .
Friends ! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
San Jose. '
ANDERSON— this city, June 12, 1899, Louise,
beloved wife of Fred C. Anderson, and mother
of Mamie Anderson, ■ a native of Germany,
aged 61 years 1 month and 8. days.
3AUER —In this city, Ernestine, dearly be-
loved ' wife of Jacob Bauer, mother of Her-
man and Arthur Bauer, and sister of Sam
and Julius Levy, a native .of Fordon, Ger-
many, aged 39 years and 6 months. * . .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 941 Folsom street, thence to Salem
Cemetery, San Mateo County.
3ENSON— In this city, June 11. 1899, Mrs. Ann
Benson, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Cormack and Mrs. Robert M. Johnstone.
a native of Wick, Scotland, aged 72 years 4
months and 7 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her
daughter's" residence, 1029 McAllister street,
thence to 1 o'clock creek boat. Interment
Mountain View- Cemetery, Oakland. .......
BIVER— In this city, June 12, 1899, Louise Su-
sanna, beloved child of August Biver, and
twin sister of Annie Lizzie Blver, a native of
; San Francisco, aged 6 years 11 months and IS
days. ■" ' ■
CT'Remalns at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street.
BUTTERFIELD-In this city. June 12, 1899,
C. H. Butterfleld, a native of Maine, aged 73
years. . -
CARR— In this city, June 11. 1899, John, hus-
band of Margaret Carr, and father of Eliza-
beth and Arthur Carr. a native of Ireland,
aged 6.1 years.
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
! (Tuesday), . at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CARROLL— In this city. June 11. 1593, John
Carroll, a native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
COIN— A month's mind requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of, Mme.
■ Ceclle Coin to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9
o'clock, at St. Francis de Sales Church, by
the Rev. Father Thomas McSweeney. at the
request of her son. Albert K. Coin, and her
daughter, Mrs. Ceclle M. O'Connell. All
• friends are Invited to attend.
COSTEIjLO— In this city, June 12, 1899. Patrick
Costello, aged 57 years.
ICTRemains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
&-Co.. 1209 Mission street, near Eighth. •
CURLEY— In this, city. June 12. 1899, Doris X..
■ beloved daughter of T. F. and Kate Curler,
■ and granddaughter of Richard Waterman,- a
native of San Francisco, aged 7 years 9
months and 19 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2521 Nineteenth street, near Hamp-
shire, thence to the Church of St. Charles
Bcrromeo, Eighteenth and Slut well streets,
for services, commencing at 3 o'clock. .Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DANGLA— A requiem mass will be celebrated
in the Spanish Church Thursday, June 15, at
9 o'clock, for the soul of Ignaclo Dangla.
DAWSON— In this city. June 12. 1899, Claire,
. beloved daughter of James A. and Mary
Scott Dawson, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged
3 years and 8 months.
DOERR— In the City and County Hospital,
June 12, 1899, Louisa Doerr. a native of Ger-
many, aged 64. years.
DUNN— In this city. June 12. 1*99. Cornelius,
beloved son of Mary and the late Cornelius
Dunn, and brother of the late John J. Dunn.
a native of San Francisco, ased 41 years.
GARDINER— In San Diego. Cal., June 10, 1599.
" Thomas Gardiner, a native of Scotland, aged
73 years. . '.•■'■•
GLASHEEN— South San Francisco. June 11.
1899, William, dearly beloved husband of
Mary Glasheen, and beloved father of Cath-
arine Bridget Glasheen, a native of the parish
of Emly, County Tipperary, Ireland, aged
60 years. (West Coast, New Zealand, papers
■ please copy.) ■ . ,■•'-. '.<
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner Seventh avenue and J street
south, thence to All Hallows' Church. X
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth ave-
nues south. South San Francisco, for serv-
ices, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. :
HUGHES— In this city, June 11, 1599. Genevieve.
beloved and only daughter of Patrick and
Katie Hughes, and sister of Thomas and
Harry Hushes, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 8 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 427 Thirtieth street, between Noe
and Sanchez,' thence to St. Paul's Church
for services. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HURLEY— this city, June 12. 1899, Mary A..
beloved wife of Jeremiah Hurley of Grass
Valley, Cal.. and mother of William. John
N. and Jerry Hurley, Mrs. J. C. Ward and
Mrs. J. Edwards, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years. (Grass Valley papers please copy.)
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the re«i-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. J. C. Ward, 643* i
Natoma street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
.at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KRAUSE— In this city, June 11. 1899, Charles,
beloved husband of Henrietta Krause. and
father of Mrs. A. Potter. Mrs. G. Hart. Mrs.
G. Eisenmineer, Mrs. C. Nelson, Mrs. J.
Fritz and Charles, Julius and Olga Krause. a
native of Germany, aged 67 years 5 months
and 4 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LEVIN— In this city, Harold, dearly beloved
and only child of Charles and Sarah Levin,
and grandson of Aaron Fass, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 months and 11 days.
LOCHER— In this city, June 12, 1899. Frank J.,
beloved husband of Jessie Locher, a native
of Germany, aged 56 years.
(r-?"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 266«
Mission street, Mission Masonic Temple.
MARTIN— In this city. June 12, 1899, Ella, be-
loved wife of Charles R. Martin, a native of
New York, aged 43 years 3 months and 5
days.
MATULICH— In this city, June 12. 1599, George
J. Matulich, a native of Braza, Dalmatla,
Austria, aged 27 years. ; ;;
MILLER— In this city. June 12, 1899, Alice Lou-
ise, beloved daughter of the late Charles and
Mary Miller, and sister of John C. Miller, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years. ;;V;
MOORE— In Mill Valley, June 12, 1899, John
Adams Moore, father of W. A. and F. R.
Moore and Mrs. C. E. Stocker. a native of
Calais, Me., aged 72 years 4 months and 2
days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday); at 2 o'clock, from Workmen's
Hall, Fourteenth street and Broadway, Oak-
land. . Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MURRAY— June 10. 1899, entered into rest, at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. M. Hansen,
2134 O'Farrell street, Howard C, dearly be-
loved husband of Elis<? Murray, a native of,
San Mateo, Cal., aged 22 years and 11 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his father-in-law, M. Hansen, 2134 O'Far-
rell street, between Devlsadero and Broder-
ick. Interment at San Mateo. by train from
Third and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
NORTON— In this city. June 12, 1899, Patrick,
beloved husband of Katie Norton, and father
of James. Nellie, Katie, Patrick and Annie
Norton, a native of the parish of Klltoon,
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 51 years
and 5 months.
O'SHEA— In this city, June 11. 1899, Julia
O'Shea, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
PHELPS —In San Carlos, June 11, 1899,
Timothy Guy Phelps, aged 74 years 5 months
and 21 days. Born In Shimango County, New
York, December 20. 1824. (New York and
Michigan papers please copy.)
[CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his home at
San Carlos. Special train will leave Thirl
and Townsend streets at 12 o'clock.
PRENTICE— this city. June 12, 1899, Ellle.
beloved wife of Zach Prentice, and mcther
Oro, Elton and Elna Prentice and the late
Ivy, NeHie and Harry Prentice, a native of
Coxeackie, Greene County, New York, aged 3*
years 10 months and 25 days.
E7"The funeral will tcJce place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1524 Kentucky street. Potrero. Inter-
ment private. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHERER— At the German Altenheim. Fruit-
vale, June 12. 1899, Leon Scherer. a native of
Germany, aged 85 years 1 month and 4 days.
THOMSEN— In this city, June 11. 1899. Nlcho-
laus Ludwig Thomsen. M. D.. beloved father
of Mrs. Clara A. Pflle, a native of Denmark,
aged 65 years.
ITJrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Western Addition Funeral Directors. 2428
California street, between Fillmore and
Stelner, thence to Red Men's Hall, 320 Post
street, for services. * Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
CHIEFS and members of Manzanlta Tribe No.
4, Imp. O. R. M., are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. N. L.
Thomsen, this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,
from Red Men's building, 320 Post street. By
order J. L. GRIFFITH. C. of R.
TRUETT— In this city, June 11. 1599, Marian
J., daughter of the late Mortimer and Inez
Truett, and dearly beloved sister of A. D..
M. S., Edith N. and Grace C. Truett. Mrs.
William F. Flynn and Mrs. J. F. Sepulvida,
a native of California, aged 15 years 2 months
and 27 days.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 458 Fell street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via electric cars from Four-
teenth and Mission streets at 1 o'clock.
WOBBER— this city, June 11, 1599, Hermann,
beloved husband of Johanne Wobber. father
of William, Edward, Hermann and Arthur
Wobber, brother of William and Peter Wob-
ber, and brother-in-law of Henry, Edward
and Theodore Lunstedt, a native of Germany,
aged 46 years 11 months and 18 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, .from his late resi-
dence, 922 Folsom street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flanagan & Gallagher), '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMCALIIU^
N Fifth at., opposite Lincoln 3c*<n»>
Sr«li»kon. Bout* U. .
1112
PHELAN TRAPPED BY
THE GAS COMPANIES
Mayor and the Minority Accept a
Bogus Compromise.
The Corporations Fix Their Own Rates and the City
Abandons Its Right to a Hearing in Court.
Street Franchises Discussed.
Gas and electric light rates to the
muncipalily and to private consumers
•have been reduced by the Board of Su
pervisors. Mayor Phelan Is smiling In
the innocent belief that he has won a
victory, very materially political, and
the pas and electric light corporations
are delighted in the fact that they have
humbugged the Mayor, imposed upon
his faithful minority and cheated the
city out of what might have been a
preat public benefit. After a deal of
noise, the blare of political trumpets
and much official fuss and feathers the
Mayor and the minority have accepted
the terms of the corporations, jeopar
dized, if not destroyed, their own action
'•in fixing a rale of ?1 10 a thousand feet
and restored to the majority members
of the Board of Supervisors the unques
tioned right to meet as often as they
please and take whatever action they
■wish under the limitations of the con
solidation act.
, By the authority and with the sanc
tion of Mayor Phelan the Board of Su
pervisors met yesterday afternoon and
adopted the very rate for gas which the
3ocaJ corporations were eager to accept
on March L. The Mayor and the minor
ity members of the board have united
with the majority In a betrayal of the
city in its effort to secure a material
reduction In the rates for gas and elec
tric lighting. The Mayor and his fol
lowers in the board have stultified
themselves and have made a complete
sacrifice of any legal right to maintain
the rate of ?1 10 for gas. They have offi
cially adopted an agreement that all
existing controversies between the city
end county and the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company and Pacific Gas
Improvement Company are formally
(tied.
This means nothing more or less than
an filcial withdrawal of the ?1 10 rate
and an acceptance of a rate of fl 50.
In settling the controversy the Board
of Supervisors adopted a new rate, thus
abandoning the claim that the board
has the right to fix a rate for a year,
and, having fixed a rate, cannot make
another. The very agreement by which
the bnard, under the guidance of the
Mayor, bowed to the gas and electric
light companies was written by an at
torney of the corporation and was
framed to accomplish just what his em
ployers wanted. And the Mayor still
thinks he won a victory.
The vital part of the agreement is
the settlement of the controversy in
which the gas and electric companies
saw that they inevitably must lose. It
is then provided in the resolution which
was adopted yesterday that from July
I gas rates for private consumers shall
"be $1 50 a thousand feet instead of $1 75.
Bates for the city shall be $1 35 a thou
sand feel instead of $1 50 and 10 "cents
a. night for each street lamp instead of
II cents. On electric light bills there
ehall be a reduction of 15 per cent. On
paper and in the confiding brain of the
Mayor this means a saving of $300,000
a year for the people of the city and
•approximately $40,000 to the municipal
government. As a matter of fact the
only saving Is to the local government.
«nd half of the amount is in accrued
bills.
The Mayor, in permitting himself to
be deceived into a bogus compromise
'by the crafty representatives of the
gas and electric light companies, has
simply delayed the people of the city
,from enjoying whatever dubious bene
fits the corporations were willing to
■prant four months ago. In February
Supervisor Aigeltinger offered a resolu
tion to take effect on March 1 and to
provide for a rate of $1 GO for gas. The
Mayor opposed the measure, and now,
lafter a great deal of noise and threaten
ing nonsense he accepts .it.
There was an air of great expectancy
around the Mayor's office yesterday
morning and afternoon. The minority
members were rushing in and out in
flurried activity. Representatives of
the gas and electric light companies
avere in conference with Mayor Phelan,
and all sorts of bogus compromises
■were suggested and discussed. Mayor
Phelan prepared a statement to the
majority members of the board pro
testing against their meeting without
"his sanction and declaring their former
meeting illegal. This the Mayor intend
ed to issue If the compromise with the
gas companies were not effected. The
subsequent developments of- the day
made it unnecessary to issue the doc
ument.
The representatives of the corpora
tions had their plan of action clearly
outlined before they went to the office
of the Mayor. They craftily asked
more than they wanted, and more than
they knew they could get, in order' to
make apparent concessions and secure
just what they wanted. Attorney
Pillsbury made two propositions, and
finally accepted -he alleged compro
mise as it was subsequently adopted by
the board.
While the discussion was taking place
In the Mayor's office the majority mem
bers of the Board of Supervisors were
in session In their assembly chamber.
They had Ignored the Mayor and were
transacting the ordinary business of the
board. Before any matters of import
ance had been considered the confer
ence in the Mayor's office ended with
the compromise, and the Mayor and
the five members of the board proceed
ed to the assembly chamber. The
Mayor had presented to every member
of the board an official call and then
took the presiding officers cna;r.
When the call was read Supervisor
Holland declared that the board was in
regular session, and he saw no reason
for such a document. He, therefore,
offered an objection to its presentation.
Mayor Phelan replied that he had is
sued the call simply to give legality to
the meeting of the board. "You may
have one opinion in reference to this
matter," he said, "and I may have an
other. I have done this simply to avoid
confusion and I ask Supervisor Holland
to withdraw his objection."
"I cannot do so," replied Holland, "as
I believe a call Is unnecessary.''
The Mayor asked the opinion of the
other members and Supervisor Aigel
tlnger declared that while he had no i
objection to the presence of the Mayor
he insisted that the meeting was regu
lar and no call was needed. Mayor
Phelan then decided that the call
should be spread upon the minutes and
thus become officially a part of the
meeting.
"Are we to consider then," asked Su
pervisor Aigeltinger, "that by permit
ting this proceeding we admit that
what we have already done is illegal?"
">int at all," was the Mayor's reply.
"I accept what you have done up to
this point and will not question it."
After the transaction of considerable
routine business Supervisor Perrault j
moved that the rules be suspended and j
the board listen. to a statement which j
the representative of the gas and elec- j
trie light companies wished to make, i
Attorney Bishop was then given an op
portunity to speak. He related how the |
Mayor and the minority had met in I
conference and had finally agreed upon
a compromise in reference to electric
and gas light rates. The compromise ;
was described in detail and when the j
attorney had finished Supervisor Deasy |
moved that it be accepted and adopted
by the board.
This gave Mayor Phelan the oppor
tunity to commit perhaps the most bril- i
liant mistake of his administration.
He suggested that it would be far bet
ter to have the terms of the compro- I
mise placed in the form of a written |
resolution. This was done by the at
torney for the gas and electric light
companies and was presented in the
following gem of crafty manipulation:
Resolved, That all existing contro
versies between the City, and County
of San Francisco and the San Fran-
Cisco Gas and Electric Company and
Pacific Gas Improvement Company
be and the same are hereby settled
upon the following basis of compro
mise, as agreed to by the said light
ing companies with his Honor the
Mayor, and this Board, to wit:
1. Bate for gas to consumers shall
be fixed at the rate of $1 50 per on©
tnousand cubic feet of gas; this rate
to take effect July 1, 1899.
2. Bills accrued and to accrue for '
gas furnished public buildings shall
be paid for at the rate of $1 35 per j
one thousand cubic feet.
3. Bills accrued and to accrue for !
gas furnished for street lighting
shall be paid for at the rate of 10 !
cents per lamp per night, instead of
1 1 cents per light per night.
4. All electric lighting bills^ccrued
and. to accrue, whether for street I
lighting or public buildings, shall be I
paid with a reduction of 15 per cent
off the face of the bills rendered at
the contract price.
5. If new contracts are let for light- !
ing public buildings with gas, the ;
said lighting companies agree to bid ;
for the same at the rate of not to ex
ceed $1 35 per one thousand cubic
feet.
The foregoing resolution was adopted
by the board by a unanimous vote.
The gas and electric light corporations
had won their victory. They may now
go before Superior Judge Sea.well and
show that the city has rescinded its I
action in fixing a rate of $1 10 a thou
sand feet and has adopted a new rate,
at the same time and by its own action
abandoning its claim to a right to fix
gas rates once a year.
Upon motion of Supervisor Aigeltin
ger the following resolution fixing a
maximum rate and establishing stand
ards was also adopted:
Resolved, That the minimum stand
ard quality and illuminating power of
gas to be furnished by any person, com.
pany or. corporation to be used in the
city and county of San Francisco is
hereby fixed and established at seven
teen candles, and the maximum rate to
be charged and collected therefor from
consumers by any such person, com
pany or corporation is hereby fixed and
established at $1 50 per one thousand
cubic feet.
Second— All ordinances and resolu- I
tions and parts of ordinances and reso
lutions in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.
Third— resolution shall be in
force and take effect on the first day
of July, 1899.
The very Important question of gas
rates had been determined and the city
had lost through the inability of the
Mayor and the minority to see the plot
which had been hatched for them. Af
ter the meeting Mayor Pbelan gave an
outline of his position in the matter i
and claimed that the question of the I
$1 10 rate is properly before the courts.
The Mayor did not realize when he
made that remark that by the agree
ment, craftily framed by corporation
agents and accepted by the city, the ;
$1 10 rate had been officially aban
doned. His Honor is probably wiser to
day.
In his discussion of the events of the
session of the board, the Mayor also
described the Incidents of the various
conferences, and saw a victory In the
fact that the gas and electric light com
panies had at last, after bitter and I
continued contention, admitted the
right of the city to fix rates for gas
and electric lighting.
During the meeting of the Board of
Supervisors the problem of Btreet fran
chises was also . considered, but ; noth
ing of importance was done. By In
THE SAIST FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTXKE 13, 1899.
MAD STEED RUNS AMUCK
ON A CROWDED STREET
HEROIC ACTION OF JAMES GALLAGHER
EDESTRIANS on Market street
P^V were treated to a thrilling sight
I M yesterday afternoon. A power
\^T ful black mustang dashed up
j the thoroughfare, endangering
I the lives of passengers on the
" cable cars and sightseers In its
flight. But for the heroic action of
James Gallagher, a teamster employed
by Curtaz & Sons, who at the risk of
his life brought the animal to a stop,
pedestrians might have been killed and
great damage done to the show win
dows of the stores In that neighbor
hood.
About 3 o'clock William Beckmann,
who keeps a grocery store at the cor
ner of Sixth and Bryant streets, was
driving his spirited animal on Market
street. In the vehicle was a number
of boxes of potatoes. When close to
Grant avenue the horse took fright
and reared, snapping the shaft from
its fastenings. This caused the ani
mal to become further alarmed, and
with the bit in his teeth he shot up
Market street. The start was so sud-
vitation President Dohrmann of the
Merchants' Association addressed the
board in advocacy of the proposed
corkscrew and Post street franchise.
Representatives of the North Ontral
Improvement Club and of the Sixth
Streel Improvement Club also spoke,
and the board referred all franchises
back to the Street Committee for fur
ther consideration. The flouble track
franchise asked by the Southern Pa
cific Company will not be granted, as
its consideration was indefinitely post
poned. The city, therefore, won one
victory and suffered a most disastrous
defeat.
CAUSED THE DEATH OF
TIMOTHY GUY PHELPS
The Two Bicyclists Who Ran Him Down at San Carlos
Surrender Themselves to the Police.
SHERIFF MANSFIELD of San
Mateo County came to the city
yesterday morning to search for
the two bicyclists who ran down
and causer! the death of Timo-
thy Guy Phelps at San Carlos on
Decoration day. He gave a descrip
tion of the two young men to Chief
Lees and the Chief prepared circulars
to be Bent throughout the State.
He was saved further trouble, as
the two yourg men, accompanied by
another bicyclist, Who was with them
at the time, called at the City Hall
and surrendered themselves to Detec
tives Ryan and O'Dea. They are
Frank Sampson, a typefounder living
at 14V& Bernard Htreet, and Thnmas
Jones, a butcher living at 1619 Folsom
street. Th« one who accompanied
them wan Fred Kennott, an Instru
ment-maker living at 38 Silver Btreet.
The three were detained in prison
pending their removal to Ban Mateo
by th« Sheriff. They Bold that they
den that Beckmann was thrown off his
seat to the ground, hut valiantly held
on to the reins in an effort to stop the
animal. He was dragged about ten
feel and bad to release his hold on the
lines and the wagon passed completely
over him without touching him.
Women stood transfix". l on the pave
ment at the terrible predicament nf
the driver. Men raised their voices in
warning to those in the pathway of
the maddened steed. There was a
scurry to points of safety. Drivers
whipped th< ii horses and managed to
clear the street i;i time to avoid the
rush. That no one was killed by the
runaway is nothing short of a mira
cle. Shortly before the incident the
cable cars were stopped by the break
ing of the rope and were lined up short
distances apart, crowded with human
freight, who. although warned of the
approach of the team, were unable r<>
seek safety.
Fn its Might the runaway nearly
swept a young bicyclist into another
world. A shout at the proper time
warned the young rider and he sneered
cl iS4 to the curb. Opposite Fourth
street the swerving vehicle struck a
buggy, sending its horse to its knees
SHE LOST AND ALSO WON.
Judge Seawell Decides the Case of
Fannie Rosenthal Against
M. N. Hirseh.
The suit of Fannie Rosenthal, brought
through her assignee, J. .1. Raver, against
M. N. Hlrsch, her late partner in the to
bacco business, has come to a close. Mr?.
Rosenthal alleged that Hirseh borrowed
diamonds fr<->m her valued at several
hundred dollars "with which to make a
flash." and was also indebted to her to
th>> extent nf several hundred dollars for
board. Yesterday Judge Seawell found
that Mrs. Rnsenthal made Hirseh a pres
ent of the jewels for favors he had done
her and on that claim entered a judgment
were unaware of the identity of the
man they ran over or that he had re
ceived serious injury till they paw an
account of it and Mr. Phelps" picture
in Sunday's papers. They then talked
it over and decided to surrender them
selves.
Their stnry of the accident is as fol
lows: They left the city about 5:30
o'clock on the morning of Decoration
day to ride to Glenwoorl Park. Samp
son and Jones rode tandem and Ken
nett a wheel. When they reached San
Carlos they saw an old gentleman in
front of them carrying a apade over
hie shoulder, a hamnvr and a tin con
taining nails In his hand. Before they
overtook him a milk wagon coming to
ward them had about reached him and
he walked Herons, as if to hail the
driver of the wagon. Kennett was
about fifteen feet ahead of Sampson
and Jones, and as ho passed the old
gentleman he shouted to him to look
out, but he did not seem to take any
and staying for the moment the flight
of the runaway. The impact caused
Beckmann's horse to turn toward the
sidewalk, overturning the wagon and
spilling its contents on the street.
Some of the boxes struck the crazy
animal and drove him to renewed ef
forts to escape. With his broken har
ness and whiffletree hanging about his
hoofs, bleeding from numerous cuts on
the body, the black steed bolted along
the sidewalk in front of the Phelan
building, driving the pedestrians into
the doorways and out on the streets.
It was then that James Gallapher
displayed his bravery. Being of pow
erful build, he waited until the horse
was close to him and with a spring
he clutched the horse's bridle in his
strong hand and with a n,uick wrench
threw the animal on his haunches.
His partner. Robert O'Day, quickly
sprang forward, as did others, and
held the struggling hnrse.
Gallagher's action in stopping the
runaway was a spectacular one and
won for him words nr praise, pats on
the back and other marks of approval.
He modestly bore the good words and
after seeing the animal again in the
custody of its owner left the scene
with G Day.
for the defendant, but on the other hand
the court decided that Hirseh was in
debted to the plaintiff in the sum of $450
and entered judgment In favor nf the
plaintiff and against the defendant for
that amount.
Wr.s Not Murdered
The old man supposed to be A. P. Hen
derson, who died suddenly last Saturday
night at 635 Clay street, died of apoplexy
and was not murdered, as was believed.
An autopsy yesterday by Morgue Surgeon
Zabala established the fact that death
was due to natural causes.
.■ ♦ ■
No house should be without Pr.
Sarsfield's anti-inflammation salve. It is
especially valuable in treating diseases
of children. For sale by all druggists. • •
notice and stepped right in front of
the tandem. The wheel struck him
on the legs and knocked him down.
Sampson and Jones were thrown from
the wheel and the handle bars of the
wheel were wrenched. Kennett re
turned and assisted Sampson and
Jones to raise Mr. Phelps to his feet,
who complained of being jarred about
the head. Before raising him up he
said to them, "Walt a minute; let me
sit. here," and then fell back. They
brushed the dust from his clothes and
he wanted to walk away, but the driv
er of the milk wagon made him climb
into the wagon and drove him home.
They asked the driver who the old
gentleman was and he answered "T.
G. Phelps." but they did not know
who Mr. Phelps was. After fixing up
the machine they rode on to Los Gatos
and hack to the city. They were not
riding faster than eleven miles an
hour, and express regret at the result
of the accident.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Ladies' Underskirts^Spedal.
WE PLACE ON SALE TO-DAY
AT $1.25 EACH
225 LADIES' FANCY METALLIC UNDERSKIRTS.
SPANISH FLOUNCE WITH
DOUBLE RUFFLE.
This special lot of Underskirts will be found a positive bar-
gain at the price quoted.
We also invite particular attention to the following:
TADIES 1 uACK and COLORED TAFFETA SILK WAISTS.
in latest styies and lined throughout; ranging in price from
$7.50 to $10 each.
RFAI OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS, in black, gray, white and
natural colors; 3ti, 45 and 54 inches long. These goods, which
we have just received, are of fxcolltiit quality and ranging
in price from $7.50 to $20 each will be found very special
value.
A few pieces PONGEE SILK, in cream and black only, 32
inches wide, at 75c per yerd.
\M\r Murphy Building, w
Martet aid Jones Streets.
HEALTH BOARD
WILL CAUCUS
ON PATRONAGE
Regular Session to
Follow Conference.
TALK OF A FIXED PROGRAMME
RUMORS OF A SLATE WITH LEON
DENNERY FOR SECRETARY.
Affairs at the San Jose Nor
mal School Are in a Fair
Way of Adjust
ment.
There will be a meeting of the new
Board of Health this forenoon. At places
where the politicians loiter ami discuss
patronage distribution the opinion is gen
erally expressed that Leon Dennery will
be. elected secretary of the board.
Last evening Drs. Barbat, Coffey and
Payne, newly-appointed members, were
asked if it was on the programme to se
lect Dennery for Feoretary.
Dr. Barbat replied: 'The subject will
probably be considered at a conference of
morniru before
the regular meeting. I do not understand
that there is an agreement to elect Den
mry. We have had hut one caucus since
our appointment and no decision has been
reached regarding the secretaryship. "
Dr. R. W. Payne in answer to The Call
inquiry said: "I do not know of any
agreement or understanding to elect Leon
Pennery secretary of the board. I know
that he is a candidate and believe that he
is confident of success."
Dr. W. B. Coffey replied: "I do not know
of any programme to elect Dennery sec
retary of the board. There may be some
agreement or understanding that he shall
b* chosen for the place, but I am not in
formed of it. Three members can elect.
Yes the Mayor has a vote, but 1 do not
know that he will express a choice. Mr.
Dennery is not the only candidate. Ihere
are others."
In view of the incident that law and
moral sentiment have been invoked to
suppress an indecent exhibition at the
California Theater, the members of the
Htalth Board may feel constrained to re
flect seriously before they accept a pro
gramme which contemplates the selection
oi: Dennery for secretary.
The members of the Board of Health
are reputable physicians in good standing.
The question may occur to them, Can -are
justify such an appointment to our fellow
members of the medical fraternity?
Physicians, as a rule, demand a good if
not a high standard of personal character
and intellectual qualification in men as
piring to public service, and they may ex
pect their fellow-members on the Health
Board to. recognize the standard.
Ir appointing Drs. Barbat, Coffey,
Pavne and Keeney to compose the Board
of 'Health the Governor was influenced
mainly by the Southern Pacific Company
and Dan" Burns. Gage believes thut he
was discovered by Burns and elected by
I-lerrin. and thotefoie holds ihat common
gratitude requires him to follow tho
course outlined by the Candelarian and
the corporation.
The appointments to the Board oi
Health are about the best of Gage's ad
ministration. The Call is conscious that
no great compliment to the board is con
veyed in this observation, but the fact
is obvious, however, that worse appoint
ments could have been made, and it is
therefore a bit surprising that the Gov
ernor did not make them.
While Gage is going down the line and
Inviting some rare specimens of un
worthiness to step forward, it is doubtful
if Dan Bruns and Herrin can elicit a
recommendation from him that Leon Den
nerv be appointed secretary of the Board
of Health.
The political strife at the San Jose Nor
mal School is In a fair way to be con
cluded. The directors have practically
agreed on a scheme that they declare will
end existing unpleasantness and further
the best interests of the s'thool.
On the 19th of August the new presi
dent, Dr. McNaughten. who was recently
elected, will present his report to the
board. According to the rules of the
school, the Board of Directors must eclef.c f .
teachers from nominations made by the
president. It is known that in his re
port President MrNaughten will recom
mend that Professor Childs and Professor
Randell each be placed at the head of an
important department in the Normal
School.
This plan will pacify both elements who
are .politically Interested in the school.
Professor Randell is now president, and
was appointed by Governor Budd four
rears ago in place <>f Professor Childs.
Each man has a strong following of
friends, and of course should either one
be placed at the head of the Institution
the other"s friends would be dissatisfied.
It was thought host to bring a new man
to control the institution and to place
both the ex-presidents in important posi
tions, as both are very competent men.
Tn order to do this the heads of two
of the departments will of course be
dropped. One of them will probably be
the head of the history department, but
the other is not yet decided upon. When
President .Rande'll assumed charge four
years ago it was regarded as significant
that his report did not recommend the
appointment of his predecessor, Childs. in
the history department, as was antici
pated, but such a recommendation will
probably be included in President Mc-
Naughten's report. M .
The new president is elected for one
year, and the directors will not make any
important changes among the other
teachers for several months until an op
portunity has been afforded the new
board of testing the value of the material
at present employed.
Expeditious Work.
Edward O'Donnell, a laborer, fired two
Bhots at "Jerry" Murphy, a recent ar
rival from Boston, in a saloon at Sixth
and Folßom streets Sunday night during
a dispute about the Jeffries-Fitzsommons
fight. He was arrested on a charge of
assault to murder and appeared for his
preliminary examination before Judg^
Treadwell yesterday. After hearing the
evidence the Judge held him to answer
before the Superior Court in $3000 bonds.
DISCUSSED THE PRESS
IN ITS VARIOUS PHASES
DR. HAMMOND SAYS NEWSPA
PERS ARE A BLESSING.
Rev. John Hammond, D.D., of the
Methodist Church South. Alameda. read
a paper on "The Press 1 ' before the
Methodist Ministers' Union at their week
ly meeting yesterday morning. In part
he said:
Of onursp the press pxatrtcprntes and there is
no remedy hut to convert the reporters and the
Mitors. The Apostles wpn> the first reporters,
but unfortunately reporters are not Apostles.
but neither are all ministers.
i»n the whole, there is perhaps no greater
blessings to our civilization than the. press The
newspaper if? an old institution. God was th*s
first e.iitor-the stars but "extras" posted upon
the great bulletin hoard of the night. What
is the sin but a great newsboy leaving a copy
of heaven's ereat daily at the doorway of
every island, telling us that there is no change
in the policy of the Heaven's administration
but that love still reigns''
The duty nf the press is to let the world
Know Itself; to paint a real, not an ideal world.
Ufesized pictures of the penthouse must b.
hung In sight of Nob Hill. The press is the
artist that must paint them: the press is the
telephone that must carry up th" thundi
the strike to the parlors of the capitalists and
br^ak his siesta with the cry of labor It is
thus wrongs will be righted, but they must be
first known.
During; thf> discussion which followed
the conclusion of I >r. Hammond's paper
Rev. W. B. Anderson, pastor of Bethle
hem A. M. E. church, took occasion to
rebuke the ministers for not having; con
demned the Georgia lynching?. He spoke
of their being solicitous about the suf
fering Armenians and the threo mission
aries who were killed in Africa. "My
people are burdened, heavily oppress. ,] "
ho said, "but by the help of God and the
preps they will yet he able to develop.
It is known that the pr<=ss had much to
do with the abolition of slavery: now it
has taken up the subject of lynch law
and what are we doing:? I am speaking
now in the cause of humanity. 1 think
we need touching; up. I have taken cour
age and am determined to speak out.
Some prpachers can't speak because they
are crooked."
The rebuke was mildly received.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Joseph Rosa and J. Oliviera. composing
the firm of Rosa & Nunes. $249 20, no as
sets: Reiner & Blumauer, San Francisco,
$22,239 SS. no assets. D. A. Curtin and
Emilie Strauss petitioned to have George
A. Daggett declared an involuntary
bankrupt. They stated that he owed
them $500.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHEER "UPJ
PONT WORRY.
ffT& It has helped others to
aJJI good health and good
T. "% s; irits and will do the
JSL malt-vivine
J|L MALT-YIVINE
™JJKbBBH| is an invaluable tonic
""'fßy&^Tti that acts pleasantly
aHwWBtpZI and promptly on the
&»s£2*yjj||2 whole system
jj»fc||?s|jrcjjpE strengthening the
jMoQ^Sfi body and nerves, and
|iS!||tf§ffss is a non-intoxicant.
™WilUilrT™»- Received I host
Honors at International Exposi-
tion, Omaha. All Druggists sell
BLATZ MALT-VIVINE.
Prepared by
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE, U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS.
416 and 418 Saoramento St. Tel. Main 416
Painless Dentistry.
RSEE OUR NEW
jrafnl riesn=Colored
Kg\ Cannot be detected from
BI^W wU the natural teeth and gum.
W thin and stronger than
. rubber.
Crowns. ».1.50. Plates. »5. Filling. 800.
AT.I. WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth at., Cor. Stevenson.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleeta. Strictures
and analogous oomplaints of the Organs at
Generation.
Price a a bottle. For sale by druggists.
f riilt's Mian Venetai: Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to curs
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. PUa-
Vies and purify th« blood*